===== 0002601_18950309_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
1/41 *ti tbi Ottt: , Sll4 Aftik

===== 0002601_18950309_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
(rontrarts. YV.:o::ltltrßoir:rcl:Tado-37-:47:-N-10;Pe—reo-----ni ---willin: to CON- attiol,,T—AeT for the supply of any of the unit ention ed to nichaelmas to be ded'Vremraetdtfhreeeinof- ,,,aatriu7 ,at,the Warrin 'ten Union Workhouse, or , aTtuaafil;:334ooanrled, oPfacclig:aatie(iiar,t:rieli times and in such qtranti- shall direct, are requestoefiet PeNe II TENT:IIi:Rs, prone ly sealed, endorsed, 0.014ei addressed to the Cl.:rk to the GuarchanT.dbfetrfeoere four i2hef P.,,,Tr .; en Tuesday the 19th day of March ins t. °ll-w‘ng are the- articles for which tenders are re_ titu,ad : 4 ~eie, and eet" mutt Provisions Shoes, Clogs and Slippers Glazing Plou'' Joinlie for Gin 9 Brushes LP,,alld Irish pin head 31, era Coffins )1s 'I and b 1., Str4 'tad P '."ci. ' Best Oakum Rope for picking blliw "0 ortter atOes Best Penmaenmawr Stone for breaking purposes 04?:" Twill Le.,ther ,tack di% 1 aud Gas Coke Wood for cutting into Fire- wood Rithenware th rsth"l4a7r2f any of above may be seen on rP4cAti°n to ' tell, be—t-ur t°,f the .Workhouse.e The Coal and Slack supplied , aatisfactson of the H Commit,- Schools quality of Coal meat be named in the 137bh -r' 4' °III.' 8 of tender and full part,culars as to Ithep trao- il 014,11, titles of each article required may te obtained 4044/ ti:rniceu. st be made upon the prescribe i form and as 'trail --445sed and endorsed with she name of the article • .IZScA ortici, tende• ed for must be of the size qualit y chosen at the Workhouse and Schools "-tlm-,4lollset b" Je°_,', :titer nrtic/.s Till be accepted. Each contrac- perfyr Pared (it required) to enter into security for -,rraanna of ins contract. The Guardians do not 7.ct a es to pt the lowest or any tender. Ali co- ccounts will b:cee n Paid quarterly.—By- order. JA ABS CLOWES SUTTON, P liavfite Clerk to the Guardians.eintnabers, Warrington, March 71-11. 1895. I'INItS' LA N li'; COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. cEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND 1Nr,,,,, IltON COMPANY. LIMITED. t -. GALL coLLIBEIRS, NEAR WIatAN • NAT. , Ali iti:- MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS Rouse Coal Nuts Burgy, and Engine Fuel -"msr44b7l‘' Wagons sen't to any Railway Station, House 441.- —oral:4lY sttended to. Telephone No. 98. T-7- -ter.r....,„,.. at 19a, Sankey-at. e CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33. MARKET-STREET. tilthiEßA t S' EARLESTOWN. ATIONE it, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING NDING Done to Order. and PERIODICALS Delivered tl li• good Order. - aasorttnelat of New and Second-hand Books always in Stook. -------- al gulowll-11gIts• FURS. FURS. BAy FioUSE FURRIERS, tap, tilLp --0-2TRHHT, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. Iltik t3°llllP' having been meat fortunate In purchasing s tulli, elm, Erlreent et skins considerably below the _market (4" of "48etake the RENOVATING and REMODEL- Ikte LAbIES' SEALSKIN JACKETS IToth° tan %%leek is :t I*ldeat styles. at very moderate prices. Ou kor-a..., Isur '9l the ll . " 010._ /lifffi ;Pt_ Coruplete with the newest and mostarash 10n Our Sealskin Jackets and Silk- eAnlti winter lined 'bake. Bears, thbles, Skunks, _ _

• • 123 BOTR THB ADDRBSS : "FORD Sr PEET ALL SAINTS', MANCRESTBR. WIILCOSIE ALWAYS, ITKEEP IT HANDY, 1110RELLA

,Nve CHERRY BRANDY, ‘rwit th,rtil ever tasted this delicious liqueur, which is mode 'lolls Tient Morellos ? Oiptri,BlsUßßN'S QUALITY for genersl use, 411.8stQUALITY for exercise in the open air. jUlk 4lr fIRAINIT;;;°aDAI tbe put orffitith inferior snake 21108. 012tIOST AND BOBS, MAIDSTONE.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
FANO ARTICLES, -- SILVER AND ELECTRO-PLATE. ART EMBROIDERIES,

AND NOVELTIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION For CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR GIFTS.

Gift Books for Boys anri Girls. THE LATBST BOOKS PUBLISHED. BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC DESIGNS In

Autograph Cards FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GREETIN3S Special.

G. IT. and Co.'s Is. 3kel. Box of Christmas and New Year Cards. Containing 50 Cards and Envelopes. The best Box ever offered. High Class Cards, original value 104. By Post aid. extra. THE LADIES' YEAR BOOK. A most Useful Compendium for the Household, containing Diary, Household Accounts and Washing Books, besides a nsass of Useful Information for the Home. Post Free I a. 6d.

UMBRELLAS, GLOVES. GENTS' TIES, and SCARVES. SEALSKIN JACKETS, FUR MUFFS AND BOAS,

• Dttad MATIRIALS, tez., For Present.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO, BASNETT STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PICK OF HOLLAND. CARRIAGH PRIM

STOCK nearly One Million of Mature Bulbs, the .4„,,, best sorts, the best bulbs, and cheaper than suction sales or direct import front co-called growers in Holland. fl YACINTLIS, Rainbow mixture of brilliant colours, 105. per 100, 18.64. per dozen. IN FITAC THS.—Regal named sorts for pots and glasses, 38., 45., 65.. 95., per dozen. 100 in varieties for 17s. 64. or 21s. T ITlLlPS.—Rainbow mixture of bright colours for beds, &c.. 4s. and Bs. per 100 Splendid named sorts 3s. to Bs. per 110. CR°CUS' large-flowered sorts only, exquisite colours, for beds. ribbons &a., Is. 6d. to 3s. per 1009;12s. 64. to 255. per 10'00. D AFFODILS, splendid selection of the very best, far pots and borders, from 6d. per dozen and 2.5. 64. per 100. See list. SCILLA SIBERICA, lovely Siberian Squill Dwarf, brilliant blue, exquisite far beds, &c., 31, per 100; 255. per 1000. SNOWDROPS, Anemonee,Ranuncul us, Polyanthus, Narcissus, Lilies, freesias, Iris, &o.

For full particulars please consult our Illustrated List, post free.

ROBERT P.

KER. AND SONS,

BULB IMPORTIDIS AND GROWERS, BABSETT-STREKT, LITERIVOL.

KIRKLAND BROS. BALERS TO THE QUEEN,

HAYS REMOVED FROM THE TOP TO THE BOTTOM OF BOLD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION. IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the system of all impurities, which, by circulating in theblood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, la. 10. and Es. 9d. or mailed Free on reoaipt of remittance by GBORGE BADE 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C.

EADE'S ANTIBILIOIJS PILLS

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ADELAIDE. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

NEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN Lim landing passengers en route at TonerWs Cape Town. and at Hobart. do.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK. BOS- I TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take Melee at the LO WEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO.. AGENTS.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL. CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY A CO., LO., BICRERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. COIL SIDINGS: SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 9. Aryley. Arpley, Bank Quay Tel. Address, Mariam-street, Runcorn. Garton, Arpley, Warrington. Mold Ju. I

===== 0002601_18950309_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMAS FRAIN,

DBBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL aohnirsslON AGENT,

39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON commiestorr, Special Arrangements, &a. for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS.

REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFFIK

The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Pubi e. geld by di Grocers and Druggists, in °snide 54., 10d., and 15.64 each. Woo:es tle 1., J. Chian= O BON. WarringtOtt.

.

INFLUENZA,

===== 0002601_18950309_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL SUFFERING FROU

COLDS,

===== 0002601_18950309_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C HILLS,

===== 0002601_18950309_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
OR KINpRED AILMENTS SHOULD TAKE

BOVRIL.

DOUGLAS LITHGOW, M.D., LL.D., M.G.C.P.,

&c., &C.

27k, Lowndes Street, S.W.,

7th June 1892.

"With regard to Bovril, I cannot speak too highly, believing as I do, after much experience, that it is superior to any other similar prepara- tion in the market, in point of nutritive value and delicacy of flavouring. I ma,y just add that I prescribed it exclusively during the recent epidemic of induerizi, and although I attended over 700 cases of every form of severity, and with every passible complication, I did not lose a single case."

===== 0002601_18950309_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Mats is a sign-post: he can point out the right way for others, but he can't go himself. MIKE: "Sure, toimes is moighty har-r-ud. There's bin no wur-r-uk at the mill for a mont.." Pat: "Why don't yez go on shtrike ? A GREAT deal has been said as to the slowness of the turtle's movements, but a!1 we can say is, he generally arrives in time for soup. THE JUDGE: " What is your age, madam ?" Fair Respondent : "Your lordship, I leave that to the mercy of the Court." There are occasions when a man feels that a real good sneeze would do him more good than a big legacy. JUDGE GUFFEY : " What passed between yourself and the complainant?" O'Brien: "I think, sor, half a dozen bricks and a piece of pavin'-stone." WILLY'S RUSE—Willy: I heard papa say that sugar is very fiAtening, mamma." Mamma: "That is true, Willy." " Willy: "Then, mamma, won t you give me a couple of lumps for the greyhound ? " His SUSPICIONS WERE CONFIRMED.—A. : "I've forgotten more than you ever knew." B. "I thought you'd met with some such misfortune as that. GOOD GROUNDS FOR PROPHECY.—Van Sharp: "I hear Gussie Hardluck is very ill. How is he getting on, doctor ? " Dr. Pillbox: "I don't think he will live a month." Van Sharp: "Who is attending him ? ' Dr. Pillbox (with some hesita- tion): "1 am." WHERE THE COST COMES IN.—Friend : "Is yachting an expensive amusement ?" Miss De • Style: "Awfully !" "I should not think those little sail-boats would cost very much." "Oh, the boats are cheap enough I It's the clothes." LITTLE JOHNNY KNEW.—Sunday School teacher: "Children, do you know the house that is open to all—to the poor, the rich, and sad and happy ;to man and woman ;to the old and young? Do you know the house I mean?" Little Johnny: " Yeth, ma'am, I know." Sunday ' School Teacher: Well, Johnny, what house is it ? " Little Johnny: "The police-station. SILENCE is only golden when you cannot think of a good answer. Every singer in a quartet can give three good reasons why the organisation isn't absolutely perfect. EXTRACT FROM A CELEBRATED DENTIST'S Aknum.—" It has been stated that man in a savage state never suffers tooth ache. lam rather inclined to think that a man with a tooth-ache is in a savage state." A SIX-YEAR OLD little fellow was forced to wear a shirt three sizes too large for him. After strutting around a little while, he burst out with: "Ma, I feel awful lonesome in this shirt 1" EASY FOR Ilim.—Superientendent : "Do you think you could fill the position of timekeeper in our boiler factory? The noise is very trying for one not used to it." Applicant (contemptuously): " Hump ! I used to be the janitor of a public school." A GIRL forced by her parents into a disagreeable match with an old man, whom she detested, when the clergyman came to that part of the service where the bride is asked if she consents to take the bridegroom for her husband, said, with great simplicity :—" Oh, dear, no, sir; but you are the first person who has asked my opinion about the matter." A LECTURER was dilating upon the strength of the magnet, defying anyone to show or name any- thing surpassing its powers. A hearer demurred, and instanced a young lady, who used to attract him thirteen miles every Sunday. BIS SISTER'S Smolt : "Here, Ralph, is a six- pence; now tell me what your sister says about me." Ralph: "Gimme another one, and I won't tell you what she says about you." VERY UNPOPULAR.—" I wonder what makes Higby so unpopular?" "I give it up, but it is a fact. Why, that man is so disliked that he can't even get a bite when he goes fishing." HE: "It was rather strange that you should have clear weather throughout the voyage." She: "Not at all. I was told that the captain swept the Nky with his telescope the first thing every morning." JOBMASTER "I'm afraid, sir, I must ask you to pay in .dvance for the hire of the horse." Amateur Rider : "What's that or? Are you afraid that I shall come back withoft the horse? " Jobmaster "Oh, no, sir I But the horse might come back without you!" LADY (on leaving a crowded tramcar) : " Well, I'm glad to get out of this crush. I've had to stand on one foot all the way." Voice from Ccrner "Yes, and that one foot was mine." DORA : "Papa said we musn't encourage tramps, because one tells all the rest." Clara : " I couldn't help it, he looked so starved." " What did you give him?" "Half a cream puff and some caramels." COMING TO THE POINT.—" Papa, what is a conflagration ? ' "A great fire, my boy." "And what name would you give to a small fire, then?" "A small fire? I cannot think just now of any special word. You might call it an incipient fire, or a fire of little moment." "Well, pap.; I have just noticed that your coat was burning at the back, and I was wondering whether it was a conflagration or an incipient fire I" "THERE'S one fine thing about our wedding pre- sents, Tom, dear," she said. "There wasn t a duplicate in the lot." "That's true; worse luck," sighed Tom. "We haven't any excuse for -disposing of any of 'em now, and times are awfully hard." MRS. TEA: "And how is your neighbour?" Mrs. Bee: She's well enough, I suppose. I havn't seen her to speak to for six weeks." Mrs. Tea: "Why, I thought you were on the most friendly terms." Mrs. Bee: "Well, we used to be; but we've exchanged servants." CORONER: "You seem to be certain that the deceased accidently fell into the water. How do you know that this is not a case of suicide?" Witness: "He was a brither, Scot, and had a wee bottle o' whisky on him wi' ne'er a nip ta'en oot." SHE : "Dear me, Walter, these are terrible things you tell me about Arthur. How do you happen to know, so much of him?" He (a rival of Arthur's for her hand) : "Why, Daisy, I'm his best friend." Miss THIRTY-EIGHT (coyly) : "What a pity it seems, Mr. Somerset, that a man like you should be a bachelor." Mr. Somerset : " Miss aliirty-eight, it does seem a pity, but I can't help it, you know. I was born so." ETHEL : "IS Clara so very much in love?" Maud: "I should say she is. I saw her writing a letter to him the other day, and she put Dear "ack ' on the enevelone."

Lift• r rIFf • . Eltau lIFUL TEEM • !er all who tua daily on the tooth braga a f.w o.

sozooor-ar, the pleasantest (tPntice in the wori

Cleanges the.ceellyalul spazeg between thew as nothing else will. Sound p.nd peuly wbite teeth, ros7lir d fragz hrCiLtot c!t:31:- Ask for SOZODOUT:2B.6I

CARTER'S LITTLE 1' LIVER PILLS. :•;,,,, Small Pill. Small Dose. Sf?,o6 • AYar !I, 3 30,-11 r. 3,1). , .....:f: , ITTLIf 2ort. 113 ,f'i .41114'. L'a,:e:y V ege- rl ...-,...., table. Curl Turin I Liver, Bile, Sa.ll,acv Cola., dexion, and JPeartactiza proinptiy : ....iil e.4...4 aured. Chsraisto..la. lid.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITA]," CHAT.

--- The London Radicals are quite unable to minim- ise their defeat of Saturday, and, to their credit, they are not attempting to do so. Some of their leaders have already dubbed the day "Black Satur- day." Their enemies speak of the defeat in the picturesque and vigorous phrase as "the rout of the Radicals;" and even sober-minded Liberals ask "What do we keep?" A number of strong and well-known London reformers has gone down in the fray, and their loss will considerably weaken the hands, and increase the responsibilities, of those who remain. But the most prominent men of the Council have come back to it—the men who shaped I its policy, presented its work to the public, and in- spired their followers with ideas. In other words. the great administrators of the Council have returned to it. The chairman and vice-chairman, Mr. Sidney Webb, Mr. Costelloe, Mr. Benn, Mr. John Burns, and some other leading spirits, are all there again, shorn, of course of their old influence, since the majority at their back is gone. Mr. Sidney Webb attributes the Radical defeat to the desertion of the middle classes; the other Radicals ascribe it to the apathy of the working men. It is by the loss of seats in the South and the East of London that the Progressive majority has been des- troyed; and Woolwich, Rotherhithe, and the like are eminently industrial in their character. Even in Radical Battersea, Mr. John Burns's vote has declined by 1,200, and instead of retaining the first he now takes the second place.

One has heard so much of the Independent Labour party of late, and what it boasts it can do and intends to do, at the general parliamentary election, that its operations during the present campaign became an object worthy ot examination. The party put nine candidates into the field, and the whole nine polled a very few over a thousand votes. They did not carry a single seat, but their intrusion lost four seats to the Progressives. They are absolutely powerless as a self-dependent politi- cal force, and only become formidable as a mere spoiler of the chances of Radical candidates. But their inflvence over their adherents must not be taken at a low estimate, as their advice respecting abstention may be the explanation of at least some part or the decline in the Progressive vote. At the moment I am writing the exact diminution of the Progressive vote is not known to me ; but, by the results already announced, 27,000 fewer Progres- sives went to the poll than went in 1892. Mr. Keir Hardie will no doubt claim a large proportion of these. In the old-fashioned classifieation. they are reckoned simply as Progressives. " Yes," Mr.Hardie will say," Progressives, with a difference." But even if he could claim credit for the whole decline of 27,000, what does Labuur gain by their absten- tion? Ile has let in the ground landlord, the re- actionary who ridicules the payment of trades union wages, the Tory who scoffs at the municipa- lising of tramways, gasworks, and water supply, and the readjustment of taxation.

For nearly forty years, Professor Blackie, poet, philosopher, patriot, and professor of Greek at Edinburgh,who died on Sat urday,has figured as one of the most interesting,certainly the mostpictures- que, of our public men. He used to call himself a " modern Sophist," in the original sense of that term ; and there were few subjects—in the range,at least, of history, poetry, and philosophy—on which he did not deem himself competent to hold a pub- lic disputation. His ideas and his eccentricities were the talk of the University of which be was so picturesque an ornament. He was always an ardent advocate, and indeed practitioner of Scottish song and he has left behind him several volumesof verse which his countrymen will not readily let die. In an age of pessimism he held high the banner of human hope and human aims; and he was never accused of an unworthy action.

The fundamental proposal in Mr. Bryce's Bill for the settlement cf trade disputes is not finding ac- ceptance even on his own side of the House, and I believe the measure will come out of the Grand Committee very different from vthat it is now. Opinion runs in two directions at present, one sec- tion of members being in favour of giving the local authorities of such great cities as Liverpool and Manchester full power to appoint boards of con- ciliation, untrammelled by the Board of Trade, and another section being in favour of a high and in- fluential tribunal being appointed for the whole nation, consisting, say, of a certain number of judges, who, on a trade dispute being brought be- fore them, should have power to investigate the matters in dispute, even by examining the em- ployer's books. In neither case has it been argued ' that the award of the tribunal should be comi,ul- - and the question therefore restricts itself al- most to this—whether the greatest impartiality and weight might be expected in a local tribunal or in a national one. A 'second point may also arise, namely, whether, if a Government depart- ment is to have any function in the matter at all, it should not rather be the Home Office than the Board of Trade. The latter may have itspartisans ; the Home Office has certainly found a champion in Sir John Gorst. Bverything depends on the man at the head of the department. If Mr. Asquith, for example, were to go to the Board of Trade to- morrow, it is impossible to believe that he would not make his powerful personality felt there quite as much as he has done at the Home Office.

-- Mr. Clement Higgins, Q.C., M.P. for Mid-Norfolk, is no longer in a state of suspended political devel- opment, as he had dissociated himself entirely from his old Liberal friends and joined the Liberal Unionists. He has requested that the circulars of the Liberal Unionist party may in future be sent to ' him • and as so very small a political party cannot afford to raise any difficulties as to the soundness of a convert's views, he has been graciously admitted to the ranks of the faithful few who follow Mr. , Chamberlain. But he ought to submit himself once i more to his constituents, as his former appearance on the stool of political repentance had reference merely to the action of the Government in connec- tion with the House of Lords. He now appears as • a complete reactionary, and his constituents must he devoid of spirit if they do not now call upon him to resign his seat.

-- It appears to be generally understood among the members of the Unemployed Committee that the interim report which will be submitted to Parlia- ment will make no special recommendations, but will merely state that the evidence taken does not permit them at the present stage to urge that any exceptional steps should be taken. The evidence given up to the present does not appear to justify the view taken by Mr. Keir Hardie and his friends that exceptional distress prevails.

It is now stated that the report of the Royal Commission on the Aged Poor has received the signatures of most of the members. Some who are not satisfied with the findings of the majority have signed a minority report framed by Mr. James Stuart, which makes some practical recommends- I tions in the direction of the extension of outdoor relief to aged persons, instead of compelling them first to enter the workhouse. There will be other minority reports or schemes, signed respectively by Mr. Chamberlain and Mr. Broadhurst, and the report and appendices are expected to be ready for issue to the public in about ten days' time.

Mr. Florence O'Driscoll, the Irish member who has just saved his life by swimming a mile and a half at Perth, West Australia. is very well-known among members of the House, having acted for the last two sessions as Whip of the National party. Air. O'Driscoll is a tall, well-built, muscular Irish- man, who has spent the greater portion of his life in the Australian bush. Curiously enough, this is the second occasion on which he has saved himself by his abilities as a swimmer.

It is doubtful if Sir Joseph! Weston's death will lead to an election contest at Bristol. The seat is so thoroughly safe for the Radicals that, the Union- ists would be badly advised to expose themselves to a crushing disaster. When Sir Joseph came for- ward in 1890 he was returned with a solid majority ot 2,875, and that, too, though there was a Labour candidate in the field to split the Liberal vote. In 1892 no contest took place, in consequence of a friendly arrangement between Sir Joseph on the one side, and Sir M. F. Reach on the other, for an unopposed return. But, going back to the Home Rule split, the Liberal majority was still nearly 2,000; and in the face of these facts, and on the eve of a general election, the Liberal candidate is not likelyito encounter opposition. •

===== 0002601_18950309_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CURIA.

IiNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLM ES' M- CAN Preseriptlen, is the only guaranteed Remedy or all those who suffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality, kidney, bladder, gray!, prosta ie and kindred complaints, and has stood the tetf or 20 ears. Send a self-addressed • stamped envelope too JO6EPH orogEa Remedy Co.. FlinomFbury Man!''. Plomsbnry ' cure. Lona. ts, itt. u::. .1. Ol Lula see o charge.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY MARCH 9. 1895.

Homocea makes

Good

Corn

Ilexions.

IHERE is nothing more beau-' tiful on God's earth than a ,bright, clear, healthy complexion., ( Yet how few people have it. They (allow Eczema, Pimples, Bruises,' (Burns, Boils, and Cuts to have their (own way until all beau y vanishes.

f . \ 4, 1 A ..- - -

===== 0002601_18950309_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
liomocea

c) :>will restore what seemed hopelessly) s lost. an6idppitlywailllint • l. • ) ~ t not te otonityhe relieved i disfigured up pain, , out will leave the skin in a perfectly ~cleivn or m, oheeeaailsthsoy acioynddeiatlieorns.in meduine at 1 1 <, ' .q. r%d. and 2S. .9,i. p,r box ; or can be ha,lN, ,c' \direct from the Homocea Co.' 2t, Hamilton), ) ( Square, Birkenhead, post free for is. 3d. anco` ", (vs. Postal Orders preferred. 4

Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON by the executors ot the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN,;I3amox-sTREET PHARMACY, RUN- CORN ;J. B. WES I'ON, DEVONSHIRE BUILDING, RUN- CORN ;S. STRINGFELLOW, 1, COLLEGE-bTREET. ST. HELENS; MES.SES. EIETR AND LEEDEI AM ; and by E. Boum, 5, CHESTER BRIDGE, CREWE, (3)

• The returns of the election for the London County Council were completed on Monday by the declarattoi s in the five divisions left over from Saturday. The elec- tion has resulted in a tie, each party having returned 59 members. The Prmoisives lave lost 24 seats, and gained one.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

UT DEAREST NELLIE,

You must be glad the frost has gone. lam sure I am, for we can begin to think about spring and spring dresses. Even if we do get a return of winter there is no harm in preparing for the spring which must come before long. A delightful dress for tho early spring days is math) in tan-ooloured crepon, the cape baing finished with black satin, the sides fastened down to show the white satin vest with box pleat. Lmg ends of the satin fall over the skirt. The rul is of black feather. The little bag is quite Parisian. The skirt and cape ara lined with sky-blue silk.

The following is a smart visitina costume. The dress is low Princess in beat her-coloured drap satin, outlined with narrow bands of sable or mini far. Yoke, panel, and sleeves in cloth of a darker hue, sprinkled with ca.bochons in jet like the drooping cluster of festoons caught up at each side of the *game opening of tLe gown and finished off with ai,guillettes

A very smart bodice Is of dark emerald Louis velveteen, with sleeves and vest of old-rose urah, and revers of white satin, embroidered with jet. This is quite suitable for wearing at a dinner party, concert, or theatre. The vest and el might also be of cashmere, and the revers over- laid with black guipure or a light-patterned jet, in which case the bodice could be made very inex- pensively. By the way, a novel evening dress worn at a big dinner. party this week had a white eatin skirt, pink satin bodice, and pale blue velvet sleeves! I wonder how much farther we shall go in the direction of parti-coloured garments.

A nice costume for a little girl can be made from three and a half yards of double-width material. The Alia is out in one piece, the bodice in three piecet—viz , front out in one piece, baok in two pieces, fattening down the back with hooks and eye& The bodice, which buttons diagonally across the bust, has sleeves full above the elbow gathered into pleats. A neat black band of broad velvet ribbon with hanging ends, encircles the walsb.

The foe has given me a great many useful hints about smart dresses, but especially as regards head-gear. Perhaps one of the prettiest small toques I noticed was a coarse pink straw, with a sequin jet brim, three roses forming a triangle, from which started a black lace aigrette. Not less noticeable was a cherry-red bird-shaped hat, par. tioularly attractive in colour. There were Amu. lated wings and tail of jet, and rose birds nestling in front as head—certainly an original form, and mere pleasing than those arrarr with real wings of unfortunate little birds. A :told straw toque was very prettily garnished whiz blue and pink and tiny black tips. A wide black lace hat, with tilted line frill round the brim, starting from the crown, which was a mass of rosebuds, clustering about the stems of some waving plumes, was most lovely. Toques are at present larger than they have been lately, and some of them show vivid con- trasts, such as rich petunia and bright reed-green both in flowers, ribbons, and straws, the last of ten shot. Some very pretty head-gear are made of burnt straw, such, for instance, as a virot toque I saw recently in this material. It was trimmed with °hire ribbon, cerise roses, cream lace and diamond buckles.

Useful and protective yet dainby pinafores for children can be made of cou,l;n, with frills of the tame, or diaper with frills ot embroidery can be employed. The shape is princess, gathered at the neck all round, and again at the waist in front, a sash of ribbon starting from the gathers and con. finieg the waist. A deep frill of doubled muslin surrounds the neck, and fril'a are inserted in the armholes as short sleeves. The pinafore fastens with pearl but on, and the lbwer edge is plainly hemmed. Toils pinafore is suitable for children from two to six years of age. Yours lovingly, Jim&

MOXONS NURSERY BOON Mu equalled for DESTROYING NITS, and PLEAS I in the HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, .3. L. M 0 X 0 N, 252, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 6d. and Is, per box. Post Free n and Is. PIAF •nention thi3 rttper.

EXI

The Dowager Duchess of Sutherland is the" director" of a mining company. In all New York the richest lady is not yet six years old. Her mother, Mrs. Terry, is worth four millions sterling, but the little one is a millionaire ten times over in her own right. Mrs. Yates, of Springfield, Ohio, is quite a champion in her own way. She is the mother of twenty-tour children. Among them are five sets of twins. She was married at the age of fourteen, and her eldest son is not yet thirty. When the Empress of Austria announces her intention of going for a walk her maids of honour tremble. She is an untiring pedestrian, and frequently walks twenty miles at a stretch, and this at a pace equal to that of a man's. Consequently there are very few attendants who are able to keep up with her. Some of them are permitted to accompany their Royal mistress on horse- back. Mrs. Fenwick Miller, in speaking the other day, says that at present only eighteen per cent. of English girls are married, and only twenty-five per cent. of American There are t3O obvious reasons, Mrs. Miller says, for this fact—to wit, the first, that men do not care to marry educated girls; second, that cultivated women who cars earn their own living and have their own careers do not care to marry the men they see around. Mrs. Fenwick Miller thinks that if men could see how often they were accepted because gills see no other chances of a liveli- hood in the future, they might not be pleased ! What is a Cold? Dr. Charles E. Page classes ordinary " colds " among "filth diseases." But by this he does not mean that colds are the result of uncleanliness, but of internal con- ditions. The system is surcharged with effete matter, the product of ovt r teding, over clothing, over housing, and under exercising. " Colds' " he argues, "are n.tt the result of exposure to cold and wet, but are generally the result of repletion. Coming out of the club-room on a rather sultry night, myself dressed in a light suit, and no underfiannels, and feeling delightfully comfortable, a companion, dressed in heavy suit and heavy flannels, puts on his top coat and shortly remarks that It is pretty warm.' 'Yes,' I reply, rather too warm for an overcoat.' 'That's so,' he says, ' but I don't dare leave it off.' He is utterly fearless of the smoke-laden at mos- phere of the billiard-room, where he will stay for hours at a stretch, and kicks if anyone wants a window open to dilute the poisonous air with a little stream of t resh ; and if his nose begins to ' stop up' (really from heat), he will attribute his discomfiture to not getting that window shut seen enough."

INFLUENZA—A PUBLIC VTABNING..-50 many *people I are suffering from influenza and its after effects that the following, from the Staffordshire Post, will be valued. Miss Harriet Burton, of Weston, Stafford, said to a reporter : " I unfortunately caught influenza from a member of our family. I was ordered to bed. Appe- tite completely failed me, and nothing could tempt me to eat. I became extremely weak and antemic, and tried everythine &ils to cure influenza, without benefit. Al, last, after basil t suffered from nervous and other weakness which the influenza had brought, until life became a misery, I heard of the cures affected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I obtained a box of them, and I was able from the fir 4 to feel benefit. In a short time I completely recovered my energy and strength. All signs of the influenza disappeared, and I am stronger than I have been for ye ars. My colour has returned, and lam vigorous and strong again, thanks solely to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are a perfect cure for Influenza, rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance nervous headache and prostra- tion, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, to. : they restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles of the female sex. In men they radically cure all cases arising from worry,overwork, or excesses. Sold by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, and chemists everywhere (but only with pink wrapper bearing full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peeple) at 2s. 9d. a box, six boxeS 13s. 9,1. post free:

A SCOTTISH clergyman heard a contention in a house, and asked, " Who is the head here?" The man said, "Sit down a little; we'te just trying to settle that point." THE Boys VIEW OF IT.—For a month he's worn breeches and shirts, While his head has been shorn of each curl. Now he says of his photo in skirts, "That is me when I once was a girl." CHEAPER TO 00.—" Did you tell the new girl of our custom, my dear, of deducting the amount of her breakage from her wages at the end of the mouth?" "Yes, I did." " And what did she say ?" "She didn't say anything. She broke six glasses, five plates, and the soup-tureen, packed her box, and left." Coo; (on the day after her ar ival) "Please, mum, I'm a bit fiery at times, and when I'm fiery I'm apt to be a bit rough spoken ; but you needn't let that put you about—with a little present you can allus bring me round again." SURE TO COME NOW.—Husband : " All the women will soon be wearing divided skirts." Wife: "Horrors !, Why do you think so ? " Husband: The men have passed the law against it." EXTRACT FROM A SPEECH FOR THE DEFENCE.— "Gentlemen of the jury. please to bear in mind that my client has spent more than one half of his life in prison. Amid such surroundings, what more likely than that he should turn out a scamp ? " HUSBAND: "No, Mary, you can never accuse me of meanness. I paid two guineas for that hal; and five guineas for that dress. I always like to see my wife well dressed. Wife (kindly) : "And I like to see you look well, too, Henry. Give me that hat of yours and I'll touch up the rusty spots with thi• shoe-hiae,, " I'IDEk7tIAN "Polio° ! police!" Policeman: "What's the matter ? ' Pedestrian : "The villainous rascal tried to steal my purse." The prisoner: " I beg pardon; I am no thief! In the crowd I merely put my hand accidentally in the gentleman's pocket. I thought it my own, for I have a pair of trousers esnetly like hi a hnraa

4-c--"Ast c...„ • ?'' . • - -.•,-&) I ' ;;,,iiii • ... ', , ‘7', QV' 1' . ,'. ' s At\ •,\\, 4,. I II 7.5 • .ttl's \. ' § ' 110' t,..:44•A •',/ I 1 i 4/ , ~,,l'A 7,7/,'./0,,v, ,/,,,,iii, : ~,,!.liii,' • //,,,,7'y /- x.,k.1 /1////iffltfoi 4111t.'/V/10/',. / \:••••; pliiip,/ef:.?p, A .;t6 1111 /47,f,v/A op/ pluOY lilt I \l\ ',0,/,,A 5,....-, p /// Pi -i/P,§ 11,' I til'O''/-4./r V /0/////P 'll'll' 11/19 / P i''' i /I/ it tePyii, , 1,1 !IC / i `,/,/ ///// lilt,iiiiillAij 1i ' ll* /11//0 0i,,,, itt,,,,,\,,, ,///,,,,,,/,//,/,,,,fo, iy, ~„,r, 0, f,r,.„, ;////,/?,,./,„1 A\ \\ , „ 7,, ~ilb,i,l /00,,,,„, ii ,it 4 \ 5,/,_.y .i!, i,,,,,L0,.,,,,,„,

.; .h Atit) if fr.,.:-....„ , ~, 4 ~_,..... :_,l A 1,'"... ~.7: i(4.4 ' - 4'l •-1-- At Ili \ '////:',/,:, ( 3•,.,. k -4 \ ',., ‘il. ~. • i% r, , I.\ V s , Ihioltia, ' 4. 1

, ( [4l: It"; I,2ji; sr:" ' • . VAtkil ..4, . - )11/1 -

===== 0002601_18950309_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PARTED AT THE ALTAR;

By LAURA JEAN LIBBEY, Author of "A Mad Betrothal," "lone," "Parted by Fate," "Floribers Lover," etc., etc.

CHAPTER VII. DRIVEN OUT INTO THE VRUCTAX When Doris opened her eyes she found herself lying upon her white couch and the kindly face of the old housekeeper bending over her. "Where am I? What is the matter?" she exclaimed, struggling up to a sitting posture and pushing back the heavy mass of golden curls from her face with her little white hand; but in a flash memory returned to her, and she remembered all; and a bitter cry echoed through the room as she fell back on her pillow, turning her face to the wall. "My poor child, you must not take on like this," said the housekeeper, pityingly. "You will force yourself into brain fever.' "I wish I could!" cried Doris, bitterly. "Would to Heaven I could die and end it all. Oh, yes, yes, I wish I had fallen dead in my wedding clothes at his feet—at the altar." "My poor child," said the housekeeper, sooth- ingly, that is a horrible prayer to fall from the lips of one so young. Be brave and strong; look your trouble in the face calmly, and pray God for strength to bear it. You are not the first young wife who has been cruelly abandoned by the man she loved and trusted—the man who, at the altar, vowed to love, cherish and protect her while life lasted." "I loved him so ! " moaned Doris. "Oh, Heaven help me to bear it, or I must die. Where shall 1 turn, where shall I go ? " "I would advise you to go back to your mother," said the housekeeper. "She could comfort you best." "I have no mother," sobbed Doris, "I am alone in the great, cruel world." "You must have friends," said the house- keeper. Doris shook her golden head. "Not one on earth," she sobbed. The good housekeeper looked at the fair young girl in wonder. No friend !—not one on the wide earth ! It was almost incredible. "Are you sure the marriage you believe in so fully was a legal one ?' asked Mrs. Lane, in per- plexity. "A man who deserts a young girl delibero.tely in this fashion is capable of any vil- lainy." Doris raised her great, childish blue eyes to her

remain under this roof till you make a clean breast ; of it." The beautiful golden head was bent low before her. Doris turned her great blue eyes piteously to honest John Delmar, who stood by, regarding the scene in dazed, dumbfounded helplessness. "Forgive me, oh, won't you, please, and take me back I " sobbed Doris, distractedly, holding out her hands toward him. "v on have been kind to me all my life. Don't desert me now, for I have no one but you to look to. If you turn from me I shall surely die." "It would be the best thing you could do," returned madame, curtly. "You may as well go back where you have been for the past two days if you persist in refusing to confide in me." "Do be merciful and forgive me," cried the poor, tortured child. "I have nowhere to go, madame, God has shut me entirely out from His mercy, and forgotten me too I" " Well, that's just what I intend to do," cried madame, heartlessly and mercilessly, fiercely grasping Doris by the shoulder, and forcing her to her feet. "I want you to leave this house the same way you came. Go where you've been the past two 4ays," she repeated, tauntingly; "and if you have one spa-k of decency or pride left, you will keep out of th ; neighbours sight, or there will be worse stories afloat than there are now. For the last time I say, clear this mystery up straight- . way, or go." "Oh, ho* can I tell her? How dare I tell her," thought Doris, wildly, "that I am a victim to love's cruel curse—that he whom I wedded and trusted so blindly, deceived me so cruelly; cast me adrift on the great ocean of life, without the least pity ! "Surely, you don't mean to drive me from the shelter of your roof out into the bitter storm, madame ?" gasped Doris. "Surely, you cannot mean it," she cried, a death-like chill creeping over her. "I do mean it !" cried madame, sharply. "Go —without delay !" "Now, Cynthy, sister, don't be too hard upon poor little Doris, interposed John Delmar, in an unsteady voice. " You ve gone tar enough. You must remember, Cynthy, little Doris is only a thoughtless child. I do not believe she's done anything wrong. Have you, child ?" he asked, with intense earnestness. Doris tried to answer, but the words died away on her white lips, making no sound; and she gazed at him with a world. of pitiful entreaty in her blue

eyes. "There !" cried m,dame, shrilly and triumph- antly. "Don't you see she dare not deny it? I say again' you waste your pity." John Delmar, poor DJris's only friend, turned away, sick at heart, an i abruptly left the room, to hide the great tears that were welling down his honest face.

face. "I am sure it was legal," she answered. "-I remember he was very particular that it should be so. Oh, how can I think he has wilfully, deliber- ately deserted me ! Some day he will return here for me. I feel sure of it ; I feel it in my heart. I cannot live without him, any more than the flowers could live without the sunshine. Oh, he mv,st return to me !" How the next day passed Doris could never re- member, It seemed as though the torture of a lifetime was crowdd into it. Then it suddenly dawned upon her she must leave the hotel. . She could not remain there for ever. There was but one place she knew of to go to, and that was —back to Madame Delmar's seminary. Ah, what a desolate ride back it was to Beech Grove! The train whirled past beautiful stretches of country, tura ty villages and peaceful homes, but Dors looked out of the windows without see- ing. It was dusk when the train stopped at the station. For an hour or more a terrible storm had been raging, but Doris stepped from the train and made her way up the steep path, all unmindful of the bitter storm. Her wedding-ring fell from her fingee in the long grass by the wayside, but she did not heed its loss. Stealing in through the 'great arched gate-way, she made her way around to the western wing of the building. This had been set apart for Madame Delmar's use during vacation. The crimson hangings were looped back, and a bright flood of light shone out through the darkness like a beacon light. Noiselessly Doris approached the window nod peered into the room. Ah, what a contrast to the cheerfulness within was the driv- ing, pitiless *storm without. Drawing the rose vines aside, Doris pressed her white face still closer to the pane. At the tab c, engaged on some trifling fancy work, sat Madame Delmar, and near her stood her brother John, a plain, sturdy farmer, whom madame was always particular to ignore in public. John's farm adjoined the seminary grounds on the loft, and the awkward bachelor brother made his home in the western wing of the seminary ; bat few of madaine's dainty, aristocratic pupils ever knew this, or even dreamed of the existence of such a person. On this particular evening madame and her brother Jilin were discussing Doris's sudden dis- appearance of a few days before. Ah, how plainly every word was heard by the little figure crouch- ing out in the pitiful fs io r m ! "I always thought no good would come of Doris roaming round like a wild . gipsy for hours at a time," declared madame, stitching vigorously at her embroidery. "And now she has run away at last. I have always said no good ever comes of taking in waifs left on one's doorstep. She always wanted to .lay the line lady. Doris Brandon was too roin,mtic. l'oo much love-dreaming and non- sense go with these pretty faces." "I can't think where the child could possibly have gone, Cynthy," interposed honest John, dejectedly. "I always thought we were doing i.ur clear duty by little Doris in providing her such a good home. I never dreamed she was unhappy here. I miss the child so !" "Don't make an old fool of yourself, John Delmar !" exclaimed his sister, energetically. (She never wasted any of the little elegaincies of speech or grammar upon plain, honest John.) "It was that miserable girl's own fault if she was not happy here. She was always too fond of decking herself out in finery, to look nicer than my pupils, and they rich men's daughters, ever one of 'em. And as to missing her, the Lord knows I am glad to be rid of her I" she added with spiteful emphasis. A twig snapped beneath the windaw, and—was it only their fancy ?—a white tace, framed in tangled, golden, wet hair, peered wistfully into the room from among the climbing red roses. A moment later a shadow crept across the thres- hold, and a voice, faltering piteously, sobbed out brokenly: "Oh, madame! I have come tack to you? Oh, pity and forgive ! If you scold me I shall fall down and die at your feet l" "It's Doris's spirit !" gasped madame, in terror. " Look at that tangled hair and white, horrible face ! ' "I am no spirit, madame 1" sobbed Doris, ad- vancing toward the centre of the room, near where the horror-stricken woman stood. "I'm your unhappy ward, Doris!" "So you are really Doris in the flesh / " retorted the irate madame, her rising anger tAing the place of her momentary fright. "Where have you been for the last two days? I want to know where you have been, I say. Your dress is bedraggled with mud. We would be disgraced for life if anyone hereabouts saw you. I ask yeu again, Doris Bran- don, what's the meaning of all this?" " I—l cannot tell you, madame!" sighed Doris, bitterly. "Only be kind to me and forget that I ever went away." "Do you hear that miserable girl? Do you hear her, John?" cried madame, furiously. "This is the creature you would waste your pity on! She slips off in the night, Heaven only knows where, and I dragging the bay and scouring the whole country for her; and now, after two days, she comes coolly back, and asks me to forget the disgrace she has brought on us, and, most of all, insults us by telling us not to ask where she has been. I never struck the girl in my life yet, but I declare I can scarcely restrain myself from beating the truth out of her. I shall investigate this matter thoroughly; depend upon that, un- grateful girl." "You may kill me, if you choose, madame," sighed poor Doris, with a gasping, tearleas sob, as she sank down on the floor in a little, dark heap, "but I will not—oh, I cannot reveal to you the dark secret of the past two days. ' "Is there a lover at the bottom of it ? " cried madame, shrilly, fairly shrieking the words. "Answer me Has love anything to do with this disgraceful affair? ' "No. No one loves me," muttered Doris, faintly. "Oh, no, no ; God never intended anyone to love me I" she added, wearily. "You cannot deceive me. There's a lover at the bottom of it," declared madame' suspiciously. "It's just such pink and white baby faces as. yours that ILQ all Lire in 4chipf_in the. w0r14., Xou ounpt

CHAPTER VIII. OUT IN THE DARKNESS. Wrrn a bitter cry, Doris sank on her knees at madame's feet, her beautiful, tangled, golden hair falling in reckless abandon about her like a golden veil, her face white with fear. Poor child I She might have known better by past experience than to appeal to John Delmar, when his s titer "laid down the law," as she called

the ways of city life, child. Mrs. Granville would be kind to you. "It does not matter much where I go; one place Is the same as another to me," answered Doris dr. arily. How little John Delmar thought, as he went back to the house aud penned that fatal letter, that that one incident was the turtling point of Doris's eventful life. He wrote it with a smile on his lips, little dreaming of the terrible consequences that would accrue from, it. He took her down to the railway-station, and purchased her ticket. The train was just starting, and with a hasty "Good-bye," Doris drifted out of his life forever, and on to her fate. "Have I done right in sending the child to New York?" lie pondei ed, as lie stood on the platform of the station in the down-pouring rain and watched the train out of sight, as the bright 4ht disappeared in the impenetrable darkness. "Die! York is a great, cruel, wicked city. I almost wish I had sent Doris to some quiet little village here- abouts. Somehow 1 have a vague, troubled sensa- tion about it. I should have taken time to consider the matter well. Ido not know that I have ever done anything like this on the impulse of the Ino- ment before. I hope Doris will write as soon as she reaches there.'' Carefudy placing John Delinar's letter of intro- duction in her pocket, Doris leaned back in her seat, giving herself up to her own thoughts. Wedded and cruedy deserted in the space of one short week, was ever a girl's fate more pitiful? And yet, for all this, Difis could not quite hate the handsome young husband she had met and married so romantically. The sun was high in the heavens when the train steamed into the Cl:and Central station. The con- fusion, the stir, the tusk of the great throng ef people confused Doris wonderfully. "It is worse than Baltimore,' she thought, alarm. "Cab! carriage ! hack!" cried a dozen voiceS, as many cabmen closed in around the timid, shrink ing little figure, and Doris was almost thrust int° the nearest vehicle. A short ride brought her to her destination, 10' West 32nd street. Timidly ascending the stepsj Doris rang the bell, and a servant soon appear° in answer to the summons. "If you please, I should like to see Mrs. Gran: ville. I bring a letter from Mr. John Delmar, o' Beech Grove. Tell her—" "Mrs. Granville !" repeated the man. " W,1123"; that's the name of the family that used to here. They moved away—left the city over a Year ago." "Gone !" echoed Doris, turning tale. "Gone !did you say?" "Yes,' replied the man, impatiently, " thaCs what I said, Miss." A deadly faintness seized Doris; she stood in the marble vestibule dazed, bewildered by this, terrible stroke of fate. Where was she to gai What was she to do? She turned and walke" down the steps clutching her hands tightly over her heart. Alone, friendless, and with less than a dollar in her puree, in the streets of New York ! Ah, what should she do ? That was the piteous prayer that fell from her lips, as she Toyed on down the street. " New York !” she murmured, with a suddea start. "It is here his parents live. How strange it is that I could have forgotten that, even for onie momen.." Should she go to his mother—the proud, hauglitY lady he had described, and tell he all? Oi, no, no—a thousand times No ! would rejoice that her son had left her; she woa" firri no pity, no mercy there. She had scarcely proceeded a dozen rods ere she saw a phaeton, drawn by two mettlesome ponies: rapidly approaching her. One fleeting glance , the young girl reclining among the cushions, she recognised her at once. It was Vivian Courtl ney, dashing, piquant, dazzling Vivian, in pink Min —her dark beauty enhanced by the crimson, lac edged umbrella she carried, and the coquettish Pins plumes which waved from her dainty straw ha that rested on her dark curls. Doris's glance lingered but a moment on 'Vivian': proud face, then turned to the gentleman 100311 the reins Every drop of b'ood seemed sudden 2. to leave her heart. The very air seemed to sts her, and I lie light of the sun to grow dark ar°a her; the gentleman was Frederick Thornton--"" husband! rlf His dark, handsome face was bent rage toward his companion, with a rapt look of love lot admiration in his passionate, eloquent eyes t made poor little Doris almost faint to witnesa lavished upon another. (To be continued.)

it. "It is night now, madame. You will at least let me stay under the shelter of your roof until morning. Listen to the terrific storm, hear how it thunders, and see the blinding lightning. Oh, madame, I am so afraid of the darkness and the terrible storm. In the morning I will go quietly away, and you shall never look upon my face again ' • and 1 shall always remember that you did not drive me out into the fury of the bitter night." Madame's cutting, sarcastic laugh answered her. " Afraid of the storm and the darkness!" she sneered, maliciously. "You were not afraid to steal out of the house at night, and remain out of it for two consecutive nights. You did not care whether you disgraced me or not." "I never meant to disgrace you," sighed Doris, humbly. " Depend upon it, you shall not have the oppor- tunity of disgracing me any more," replied Madame Delmar, grimly. "Go !" she cried, pointing to the door. "And never let me look upon that pink-and- white baby face of yours again. If you persist in staying around here, I shall have you arrested, and then you will be forced by the law to clear up this mystery. The secret as to where you have been w.il be wrung from your lips, whether you are willing or no." Madame Delinar never forgot the wild cry that broke from Doris's lips. " Madame," she sohbed, struggling up from her knees, and turning to the woman who had shown her so little mercy in the hour of her bitterest need, "you have not been kind. You have.driven me forth into the cold, bitter world to live or to die as ii;od sees fit; but I forgiye you. Some day you may regret this action." Without another word, Doris turned and fled out into the darkness. In the distance she could hear the murmur of the waves as they beat drearily upon the shore. "I wish I had flung myself into the water when I intended to, that night, when those fatal words bound me to him—his wedded wife. "His wife ! Oh, dear Heaven !" she cried bit- terly, struggling on through the terrible storm and the darkness. "May God forgive him for the falsehood !" She flung herself down in all the storm, and hid her white, despairing face in the long, daisy- studded grass, weeping for the overthrow of her hope and her love, and the desolate life that lay in ruins around her, as she had never wept before. But such a passionate burst of grief is the soonest over. She did not cry out for Heaven for ven- geance on this handsome young husband, who had deserted her at the altar, as it were, as many another might have done. "I will learn to forget him," she cried, raising her white face to the dark sky. "I will cast him out of my poor, shattered heart, as he cast me out of his, without one regret. Oh, the madness, the folly of tru-ting too blindly to love l" Was it fancy, or did some one call her name? Doris raised her head from the long, wet, daisy- studded grass and listened. Was someone calling her name or was it only the wind sighing among the branches of the trees overhead, or perhaps some night bird's cry? She sprang to her feet, listening intently. It Ll> was no delusion ; footsteps were hurriedly ap. ILA GIIE OF preaching, and she heard John Delmar's voice A "Little Cough," calling: THE RUIN OF HEALTH: "Doris—little Doris—are you here r, A " Little Coat" "I am here,' she answered; and a moment more THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: r , u al; glil tte was standing beside her. A " Little -°,t, 0 fir- Which may be CURED now by the INIMEDII4- It bad been all so sudden, so unexpected, the HALL'S LUNG p ESTORER FOR INF Ltr,-,,, whole affair was over. and Doris was gone, before John Delmar fairly realised what had occurred. lid "Come back, little Doris," lie cried in a voice Registered AND ALL husky with emotion. "1 wiR be responsible to L UNG AN ..,40. DESTORER COM ro PLAO ill Cynthy. Thank God you are here, when it comes , Xi) Never Fails. It POSSESSEST4• ,01 to that. I have as much right on these premises ittiO le • se she has. She shall not turn you away.' LUNG to Sooinc. - oto HELL, which eg_. Doris shrank back from his outstretched hand. T) ESTORER other preparatiou "I shall never enter your door, Mr. Delmar," it Fon COUGH S O' , C she sobbed, piteously—" no never, again." LU" - or& RESTORER OP All his entreaties proved unavailing; no induce- ment would prevail upon Doris to enter the house Never Falls, It NRVBR rAlkirrr• j INSTANT ROI" from whence she had been so rudely and cruelly 113" repulsed. "But what will you do, child? Where will you RESTORER THE FIRST IS A SOOTRIoccr go f" asked John Delmar, in the greatest per- LUNG LUDE TO Till 3 plexity. RESTORER INDUCES SbEgP "I don't know," sobbed Doris—" unless you shall tell Inc sonic. place." "What had come over pretty, defiant, wilful LUNG little Doris ?" thought John, in sheer astonishment. RESTORER Never Palls moRpHIA• D OL CalmxE u S "Was this crouching, timid little creature the romping, mischievous, dimpled face of pretty Doris, LUNG Fon who but hut one short week ago had been the very sun- RESTORER shine of the old seminary, despite madame's cross- newt ?" LUNG IT ACTS Llg "Tell me where I can go, Mr. Delmar," she RESTORER rli pleaded. " I cannot—oh I I cannot remain here I Never Fails ONE 1020• op; You have always been kind to me; be kind to me HALL'S S V1t110,41 now, and tell me where I can go." I' UNURESTORER PROVES IT 40 1 "Do you really mean it, child I" he asked, t_d GIVES INSTANRegistered lISTABLISF"....PuIIeS NEVER ;Ar'ilrs' , " Yes," she sobbed. "I want to go where no . RELIEF. FAILS. one who has ever known me can look upon my DasikdouliTge f 7-cos bortiattt -- Chilill lace." ' EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF VVIT, A sadden thought flitted through John Delmar'. Maim. Mrs.T,, m rM. ~r An .0 sS.mli ti 111,01, .r_p h.anDETlkosin es tivor, _Ge juirslaestn,of ypolriii,r , . ,stify to the great benefit derived froin th ver,bi et 1 "Perhaps, after all, It would be best for Done ESTORER, which I have given to cPirects oer6 •to go away somewhere until Cynthy's wrath had :iy Home—in two cases particularly its e lobo tre time to cool," he thought. one, havinA cured most obstinate Coughs. "If you are in earnest, and wish to go away t, recommend it to all my fritmds." a , Battle a ' for a time, I think I can manage it," he said, CAUTION.—When you ask, ask for a t accePtro Filo vly. • LUNG RESTORER, don't be persuaded 1 Doris seized his hand, covering it with passion- rise. Upon the outside wrapoer of tl,prYs)7od • ,ppears my Trade Mark (the figure' of 11one•in I ate, grateful kisses. Beware of fraudulent imitations and innoelt3o, ,e "There is a family in New York—the Granvilles —who would receive you into their household for AD oe 11 reeetP„t °Vl` 1,. Sold id. byancdhe 2 Chemists a. and Shouldstoretsheereveryw....3, die; a month or so, if I were to request it. Do you obtaining, it will be sent carriage par.i:••,,4. gaes.- tli'Jik. y_o_u wog! I like th II; You are T.pc.tt:, used to er.ttuaz?unt, from TllO3. HAL ,

STIOK TO NOME WOMAN. I will wort a valuAble. instructive, and highly lats. hook whien eve y woman would be glad Contains important and confidential advice and te .94 mairied and single how to keep healthy and ~,xietie.l s distres,in4 to the sex. Sent free, s'^' •ealed, for one sta p to cover postage. Ar•Dft 8,1 Professor E. LASALLE. 17. Eastbourne Vt"

hi wa,ih r. VAT:.:111.14.16S CLRA.P.SILIi is aperfeeEre °a v mu,h work 4rui time. to use it s a pleasure.---4

"Oanattay's Cocoa has in a remarkable degree, natural elnn nts of stx•ten nine wilh give trlV• nduraiiee tti ii r,titi 01, building up niii3te aft vigoor wiri a te dy .etion th,t renders it a most beva. tge."

CURES OF CoLDS TIIR AT IRRITATION Arge Di s:. ASKS II ti. LOCOCICS PITLNIONIe WAFERS I.P.S . 249 el eet. Liverpool, writes --' h 1,41. recom cu I Dr, I.OOoCICB PULNIONIC WAFERS for a ,4,00 Initation and Chet Diseases They are a perfeet e and sing rs." Dti. LoCOCK'S WAFER 4 relieve an apidiy core Asthma. Cons motion' 110 Coughs, Col s, -hortness of Breath, Phlegm, 1"4"l0ld Ch'-,t. and I. eurna:ism. I h..tv taste pteasantlV• Aso, is. li., 'es. 9d. 4s 6. and its, per box by all Drag' .4 t (1)

tiuPr(l dES. WOODENTYS •; 11;tPisHs., the most comf ,rte,le truss ever inve3 boont wev•-rs, hiring un spring at ,)ftek Sil1tc louble 121. Car•ie paid. Send size in Who' ,111ENT, CilPini St , 22. Pitt-street, Liverpool.—Advt•

got IX CYCLO-S ! Marcree 1. Prices. One year'e guild "cit,. for our 1895 i;its:trate e..w and secondhand DOI Oti:•hion SAvIiITIN4 YCLS, post fre 010 13 ITISII CYCLE ITYICCITSI°

45,:8verton-ro ,d, Liverpool,

THE

estiOge inter rao be glad Ti botl, ...al advice and te',sa ...ep healthy and av°e'orelf the sex. Sent free, ..,over postage. Teri.° or E. LASALLE. 17. Eastbourne r ...orts. and tige.l-;:cl;ll,BA.e,NiStilli.aisp:itepaesrufereelf6 r;10,1# 000:, 00° nsot! rionebil T A 1, ti J. w noo 11, AV AO' 11,1 ,t 0 ' 00' -arton-ro .d. Liverpool. ci )1. 110 Al sl‘ 5:0 I'Vor COLl43liti' ' 130.- 40,/ 01°11' - dorP crpl4de, 100,:ri) rie Witr4 of tee,

WARRINGTON TOWN COU C [L.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council as held in the Town Hal on Tuesday. The Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough) presided, and th, re were also present, Aldermen Harrison, Sutton, Wright, Hutchinson ,Bolton ; Councillors Pie! point,Roberts, Shaw Green, Monks, Beaman, Plurnpton, Hill, Shilicock, Baird, Woods, Smethurst, Bennett, Wilkinson, L 'Won, Muir, R. T. Fairalough, Hepherd, Shaw. Skelton, Green- ing, Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), J. F.tirhurst (treasurer), T. Longdin (borough surveyor), C.MaLleleY (librarian).

THE ELECTIVE AUDITORS. A return was presented of the unopposed election of Messrs. James Bolton and John Harrison as elective auditors of the borour4h, and of the re-appointment of the Mayor's auditor, Councillor Arthur Bennett.

THE BOROUGH COUNTY COUNCILLORS. A return was also presented relating to the unop. ,', Posed return of Messrs. F. A. Roberts, Frederick Monks, and Richard Walker Francomb as representatives of the 13°rough on the Lancashire Cowipi,y Council. THE, CLOSING OF INSANITARY HOUSES. The minutes of the Watch, Finance, and isstates and otteet Improvement and Lighting Committees having been passed, 0 Alderman SUTTON moved the confirmation of the XinUteS of the Health Committee, and retelling to the order for muzzling the dogs, said if they had not adapted this order the Beard of Agriculture would pro- bahY have stepped in and made a much more stringent ftWder. With regard to the resolution of the committee close a large number of insanitary cottages, he said Lthat some of them were not quite so bad as others, and _he resolution required them to be put in a condition fit tor habitation as soon as possible. Couns•e or ROBERTS seconded. answer to Councillor Losiosrost it was stated that 'neat tradesmen had had an opportunity to tender for the auPply of inspectors' clothing. Councillor SHAW GREEN referring to the resolution to insanitary houses, suggested that when the notices 'Were given it should' be stited what repairs were required to put the houses in habitable condition. Alderman flannison supported this proposal and said Vtlat he had altogether about fifty-three houses of one lailinediaz another in Warrington, and he had spent within eighteen months upwards of £6OO in putting into sanitary condition, yet to his amazement and ""▪ agalst he found he was included in the present list. hter.) (Laug ; ..The minutes sf the committee were confirmed. w&NITARY WORKS COMMITTEE.—EXPENDITURE ON LONGFORD WORKS. Councillor l'dosass in moving the adoption of the nsutes of this committee said that the Council would ; tflosice that the total sum proposed to be spent on Long- Works would be £1,574, although only £1,500 was Iltlutlanrised by the Council at the last meeting. Mr.Deas • 11„ri :80mated the cost to be £1,545, and be (Councillor s "n4O did not know how it came to pass that the "I"Ottinittee only asked for £1,500. Certain alterations !ialised the cost to reach £1.574. When the work was uGue, it would not be necessary to remove anything to car,,l7 on any further work. uouncillor BEAMAN seconded, and the minutes were passed unanimously. Thdavinct AND SEWERAGE AND OTHER COMMITTEES. Affi, e Paving and Sewerage, School Attendance, te"seutn, Isibrary,and Technical Instruction, and Ceme- i IT Committees' minutes, all of which appeared in our 4 :st issue, were passed unanimously, without any dis- suasion. Town nass. ETC. COMMITTEE.—THE PARR WILL QUESTION AGAIN. see Alderman BOLTON moved, and • Alderman WRIGHT 4 „uled the adoption of the minutes of this committee, „S' appeared in our last issue. _t-Knincillor BENNETT expressed his pleasure that the ; motion of the Mayor carried a short time ago had been .pit into execution, and he was glad to see the commit- ..!!!Proposed 'to spread the payment of the further int- •' Pr"vement over two Years. If they could get the ins- ' Prove meat carried out 'for the sum named in the ' rhe'mutes. they would have every reason to congratulate fo t•—selves• He pointed out that while the street and enlainedPat t Q•h had been widened to 60 feet, the street itself w the same width as before, and if Sankey-street RitiMitely to be widened to 60ft. it would thus be Messary to take away a portion of the newly made jrlathS, and the work will thus be done twice over. ' t ouncillor ROBERTS said that the only remark he had the ha was that they had had experience already of the !act that the estimate submitted to the Council for eit4M,Provement of the front of the Town Hall only in- thin et 4 a portion of the work to be done, and the same ti,_;k occurred again in the proposal submitted. tie th7ila...sc't the slightest objection to the continuation of form —4"l:o7eMsnt, but he thought they ought to he in- ed of what the total cost was likely to be. They Perfectly well that the alteration to the footpath ' be auwould involve considerable outlay, and this should nded to the £6OO, and a further sum was necessary hindsequence of the re-arrangement of the gardens be- ,' put title fence. All the items ought to be mentioned and n"arly before the Council. ele`-',....0?_0ci110r SKELTON said it would only be fair to the • rh t"riers of the Council if the chairman would inform s et's trout 'What the actual cost of the improvement at the cf the Town Hall was. They all knew that the . thiakaL° Was exceeded very considerably,but he dad not sho , "le actual cost was known to the Council. He gateslll(2l also like to know if the of the pair of entrance em_ it vras suggested should be fixed at the corner of • Alder field-street was included in this estimate ot £6OO. Am ceu an liosTox replied in the affirmative. '; fa,s, ncillor SHAW GREEN wished to call attenlon to the th'e'rthat they were doing all in their power to reduce for all for the coming year. They had a specific reason the s, !his, and to tax thern with another half-penny in was": tor this year and another half-penny for next year obs,,c;_loistake at this:particular juncture. He did not an't ir,'" to the Liberation, but as there were other import- ' paa.CrilPTovernents to carry out they should pause before ceeng thrie Minutes of the committee. made 01. FAIRCLeIIGH said an application had been e en„,r n, ank House, for the sale of it, and he'thought of —"lnittee ought toSake into consideration the ques- ' ti• that if le th width of the street opposite Batik Goose,, so • ce,ed. ey came to a sale they would know how to pro-

alclern,• 't Woio ,-all HARRISON admitted that the improvement . it -,' ill every way be a desirable one,but he considered 7 of )'tc,!ght wait for a few years until they had go f some 1 l'e heavier work off their hands. The Jronofthe a to '4ir Hall was everything they could desire, gave n tl Hd t k eh 0 to the town it had never before possessed. Ha 1)° Qie.ll;l° be glad if the Chairman would withdraw that ' ,-,--011 of the minutes relating to the £650. Zt?uncillor PIERPOINT said that there were certain ' ers with regard to expenditure to which he should £ -lin- ~;) refer. The sum first considered necessary for the , :313csr°7einent in front of the Town 11)Il was ' "v• ae Tactual expenditure had, however, en.. he ' nea-,.7",ung to the corporate accounts, cost tn-aI.YI. £9OO. They had made an alteration without any • len_ I.Y abollt it, and he felt that the expenditure was a : oirtt s_erious one in the present condition of the finances , vitauorporation. There were other matters connected h the Corporation which demanded their most serious "i,it,',ri earnest attention far before the present proposed teration. Let them look at the magnificent area they 'ctiellPieci that night in that room. That, their Council arab 4." . er, was one of the most incomplete in Lane ishire If rile whole of the members were present there was 4 roorn for them to be comfortably seated—a portion t got tl to via,„ , le table, a 'portion sat outside. The ante-room t 11,.-- 4'Bo used as a office, and was no longer available to n l , ett„e uP their top coats and hats. He had had to put his toter •"" cti the floor (Laughter.) It would be better to the tni, as an ~ awes back to the committee and he moved ; ex '",lnendment,that the minutest)? con'firmed with the cePtio , £650 r aof that portion relating to the expenditure o , or l tthe further alteration in Sankey-street. o voun i, t ,tt ,% der LONGTON secoLded the amendment in order Mr,ep:,:"o feeling ot the Council Those who voted with so on -rl3oint and himself on the question would only do , tim:2be grnund, and that was that they believed the Nea,- was not opportune for spending money where it Aidilipt Urgently needed. , ad- I . erlrlan SUTTON OppOSfid the amendment. _t was ~ oneuitted that the alteration in Sankey-St. was a grand be arictif the Council did net pass the minutes, it would oti all rnin ner proof that they did not know their own t Bet (/f3, at' all. If the estimate had been increased, was I th " tact that that was so in almost every improvement at took AidertnaP I a pree ? the Com -Li -.IJTCHINSON supported the minutes of. 0, ttiesiottee on the ground that the proposed expenditure WRIGHTs a trifling one. i l h had i, said some observations NV.1.0 . ~, they ".ade were entirely wrong. Practically speaking 1,0 ;Yi were within the estimate. The total expenditure tha,.° the present time was £585 93. 5d., and outside aite" Z3OO had been expended on the footpath and nixtrati.oll of the road, and an was provided in the esti- not ;33°1 the Paving and Sewerage Committee. It would foe tt: exceeded by one copper. The item of £650 was itchy!' railings and the gates alone, and £OO would be the alteration of the roadway. co7lllcterman BOLTON said it was not the fault ef the ot rittee that the money had been spent, for the whole arra e members of the Council were consultA in the tefer7aMents made with reference to the gates. In nce to the street, £250 was spent in widening that Duni %nil" °f the atreet, and it was proposed to spend a c er TIM of £3OO in widening up to Bank Quay. itrvytirielller ROBERTS preferred the postponement of the eoftrovernent because the minutes did not give the total Which ne Protested strongly against the insinuations eh, " were continually being , dung about the fall ner with regard to economists. A greater Alija uoQ.er was made than that made by the c '"an Bolton in regard to the supposed economy in DieceounciPS grant on the last improvement. It was a estin, Qf humbug. to ask the Council to believe that the iutcato had not been exceeded. According to the reso- net" uf the conncil of February 6, 1.891. the cost was lob hdown at £550. The total cost was £869, and the as saal not been finished yet. The improvement so far apne""e9-st. was concerned was presentable, but the dis`n.„arance of the Town flail behind the fence was a vs.:Tace to the Council. Let them wait a couple of 4 ‘-`"l3 Until the linances of the town would bear the pro- , .

posed expenditure. The stables and the vans would be revealed if the improvement took place. He hoped the Council would wait until the complete scheme had been brought out to provide the additional accommodation which was absolutely necessary for the health and com- fort of the officials,and for the removal of the obnoxious portion of the present Town Hall. Councillor MONKS, while sympathising with the com- mittee on the proposal to take down the wall, could not help expressing the feeling that the time was not oppor- tune for the work. Was it in order in spending £3OO on the widening of the street without the authority of the Council ? And now for the second time it was proposed to spend the same amount. The TOWN CLERK replied that it was quite within the power of the committee to undertake any repairs of streets, but when it amounted to a re-paving of the whole of the street, it was usual to bring the matter be- fore the Council. The money had been paid out of the money voted lav the Council for the maintenance of the streets. Councillor Saaw GREEN said he had no personal motive is the matter, but he believed that the present was an Inopportune time for the proposed expenditure. The MAYOR, said he should certainly vote against the amendment, as he believed a public improvement would be made by the alteration. The voting was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows :—For Councillor Pierpoint's amendment : Alder- man Harrison ; Councillors Pierpoint, Roberts, Green, Longton, Skelton, Woods, Wilkinson, Reainan and Monks 10. Against the amendment : Aldermen Sut- ton, Wright, Hutchinson ; Councillors Bolton:R. I'. Fair- dough, Hill, Smethurst, Shillcock, Shaw, Le, Bennett, Baird, Plumpton, Hepherd and the Mayor, —IS. The amendment was therefore lost. The minutes were then put and carried. GAS COMMITTEE. . .

Councillor R. T. FATEL-o-u-o-iicti-ni. °yips', the adoption of the minutes of this committee, said that Mr. Haddock was to be congratulated upon his management of the gas works during the late severs weather. , Councillor lIEPHERD seconded the motion, which was passed unanimously after a few observations from Councillors BEAMAN and SHAW.

RIVERS' COAIMITTEE.--NEGOTIATIONS WITH THE SHIP CANAL. _

Councillor ROBERTS, in moving the confirmation of the minutes of this committee, which appeared in our last issue, said he dared say they would have been amused, as he had been, at the sonsevvhat hysterical out- bursts which they had seen during the past week both at Warrington and Manchester. Oa the one hand a shareholder of the Manchester Ship Canal Company grumbled very severely indeed at what he called the bad usage of the Ship Canal Company by the Corpora- tion of Warrington. On the other hand they found one of their local newspapers becoming quite hysterical at the idea that the Rivers' Committee, and possibly ,the Corporation of Warrington, were going to give away the interests of the town to the Ship Canal Company,so that the commercial prosperity of Warrington might become a thing of the past. Between these two exactly contrary opinions he thought the committee might fl Ater itself that it was doing exactly the right thing. (11‘iar, hear.) But when he read in a paper that there were "sinister rumours" abroad about the action of the committee, he was led to consider what was the meaning of the word "sinister." Looking at the dictionary, he found that it meant" unfair, dishonest, unlucky, or inauspicious." He was quite prepared to accept that definition of the term, and to deny that it was in any way applicable to the attitude of the committee. He 'would only further say that they were now coming to close quarters indeed. wits the Ship Canal Company, and that definite action would be taken within a very short period as the result of a conference to be held within the next few days. _

(Hear, hear.) He would assure the Council, and through the Council the town of Warrington, tnat no concession of any kind whatever had been made by the Corporation to the Canal Company except what had had the support and agreement of the traders of Warrington, after due consultation with them. No deviation from the obliga- tions of the Company undsr Act of Parliament, no con- cession, no alteration, would 'cc even recommended by committee until it had the support and sanction of the Corporation and had been submitted for approval to the traders of Warrington through their accredited repre- sentatives.

--...,... Alderman BOLTON seconded the resolution. It might, he said, be ,left to the Rivers' Committee to do their best I for Warrington and for the traders of Warrington. Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOII6H said it had been said that I Warrington and the traders of Warrington wanted to I " squeeze "the Ship Canal Company. It seemed to him ! that Mr. Bythell had either ignored or wilfully miscon- I strued the action of the Warring,ten Corporation up to ' this time. For what had happened ?In the first place, ' the Warrington Corporation applied 'to Parliament to bring in a bill to improve their river in order to give it a depth of Bft. and for charging .I.d. a ton. But instead of that they came to an agreement with Mr. Adamson to lot the Ship Canal Bilrpass. Then they came to a time when the canal was nearly completed. Members of the Council would be aware that there were several turn-bridges fixed in Latchford. One of them the Com- pany got power to replace by a high-level bridge. Tile Gas Committee saw it would be a gi eat saving of money I to the Company to carry the mains over the bridge instead of under the canal. All they asked of the Canal Company was payment of the cost already incurred. If the Company had had to carry out the original arrange- ment the Cost to them would have been teens of thou- sands. Did this look like " squeezing" the Company ? After Mr. Walker died they called the attention of the Canal Company to the fact that the canal could not be opened till the river had been dredged Bft., according to Act of Parliament. Sir John Harwood came down to see them, and as the result they allowed the canal to be opened a certain length of time without putting in operation the £5O per day clause. Sir Leader Williams spoke of two or three months' grace, hut in- stead of that he had seven given to him, and they knew that the obligation had not been carried out in more than a Year. Was that "squeezing " the company? Sir John Harwood had expressed his thanks to the Cor- poration of Warrington for the courtesy they had shown. Did that indicate that the Corporation had " squeezed " the Company ? (Laughter.) It seemed to him that Mr. Bythell really did not know what he was talking about. He did not see how the Company could complain in any shape or form. The Company had had every consideration, and such remarks as those he had referred to did not conduce to bring matters to a peace- ful end. Alderman HARRISON said it appeared to him that the gentlemen connected with the Ship Canal Company were acting a most unworthy part. Their great griev- ance was that they had to carry out the solemn obliga- tions they had eratered:into. If the Corporation 'neglected to compel the company to carry out their premises the commercial interests of Warrington would suffer seriously. They were now coming to close quarters, they were told. He hoped the first step taken would he to compel Vie Company to deposit with them the £6,000 representing penalties incurred by the Company by reason of their failure to carry out their engagements. Councillor Bsiatarr asked if the Company had suc- ceeded in dredging the river to the full depth re- quired. Alderman Manama : No ; nothing of the sort. Councillor BEAMAN said that if it were alleged the Cor- poration were squeezing the Company it might be fell that they went in for their pound of flesh. Surely there were engineering resources which would enable them to give its old depth to the river, ,replacing the water ab- stracted by the Company. Alderman Sorrow said the Company hal met such difficulties that it was not likely they would be very nice in their language at all times. Let it he sufficient for I the Council to know that the Rivers Committee were , doing all they could in the interests of the town. If they exercised a little patience he believed everything would I be right. If the Company, as far as they were able, I tried to fulfil their obligations he thought the Council need not trouble themselves very much by talking about ' the matter. i The resolution was passed unanimously. OTHER. COMMITTEEi. ! The minutes of the Fire Engine, Water, and General ; Purposes Committees were passed without discussion.

At the Notts Assizes; on Tuesday, before Mr. Justice I Hawkins, Edmund Kesteven, said to have been formerly a professional cricketer, was convicted of the murder of Sarah Ann Oldham, a married woman with whom he lived at Sutton-in-Ashheld, early on Christmas morning. flel was sentenced to death. A married woman named Smith:was before the magis- trates at the North London Police Court, on Tuesday, on a singular charge of obtaining money by a trick from a rent collector. On three out of four occasions when the prosecutor went to collect the prisoner's rent she palmed off on him a bright new farthing as a sovereign. He was very short-sighted, and it was only when he exam- ined his money later that he found the farthings hut no sovereigns. He then called the police to his aid, and when the prisoner had the audacity to try the same trick again he gave her into custody. The magistrates gave the prisoner time to consider whether she would be tried by a jury or take her punishment at his hands.

I

===== 0002601_18950309_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
BILIOUSNESS.

-- The liver, the largest secreting organ, is one of the Most important motors of the human system. If healthy,it extracts the bile from the blood, which is necessary to promote digestion. and which is Nature's cathartic. A TORPID, SLOGOISCI, INACTIVE, and DISEASED LIVER is known by sourness of the stomach, frequent headaches, flatulency, indigestion, feelings of pressure in pit of the stomach, giddiness. pain in hick or under shoulder-blades, and yellow condition of the skin. It is unwise to ignore these seeming innocent warnings,when a short use of Warner's "Safe" Cure and Pills will cure. SUFFERED FROM CHILDHOOD. "15, Carlton Street, W. Hartlepool. "I suffered from biliousness and liver complaint from childhood, and I have tried several kinds of medicines, but they gave me very• little relief, until I was persuaded to try Warner's "Safe" Cure, and I can truly say that I found relief from the first few d Y. 405. U. LLAU."

===== 0002601_18950309_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
'IH E FXAMkNIi, SATURDAY MARCH 9 1895.

LITTLE SANKEY PARISH MEETING.

'until March 14th. so. that tbstre would be a better oppor- tunity of discussing the'inaLter. No person, however, seconded this n.otion. Mr. Tinnion said that after the very able explanation of the Chairman be would strongly advise the meeting to accept the resolution, because they bad nothing to gain by opposing it. He questioned very much whether if they did adjourn until March 14th they could decide to oppose. Mr. Greenwell here interposed, and asked whether Mr. Tinnion had any locus standi at the meeting. Mr. Tunstall said that as Mr. Tinnion was an elector, he had of course a right to speak. Mr. Tinnion (continuing) said that he had no great desire to go into the borough, and he had opposed the, measure when it came up before,but he had come td the conclusion that there was no chance of fighting successfully. • They had much to gain by going into the borough, and had nothing to lose. If they opposed the extension they would have to find the cost of opposing it. lie thought the terms were satisfactory, and were certainly in favour of Little Sankey. He had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. The Chairman strongly advised the meeting not to adjourn. lie then put his resolution to the meeting, and it was passed with only four dissentients. Mr. Thompson asked Whether he had any right to con- tinua ti attend the District Council meeting. AS' that was his first opportunity, he also took advantage of thanking the electors for electing him upon the Board of Guardians and District Council. Mr. Tunstall, in reply to the question said that Mr. Thompson was still a district councillor. In fact it was not yet certain that Little Sankey would go into the borough. On the motion of Mr. Tinnion, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the Chairman for presiding over the meeting, and for his lucid and able speech. The Chairman in reply said that he had now been eight years in that locality, and he bad always tried to further the interests of the township. He had taken a great deal of trouble in getting this matter through,fand it would be a source of great regret if anything he bad done in connection with it should ever prove detrimental to the township. He thanked ttiem for their vote. The meeting then terminates.

DECISION TO GO INTO THE BOROUGH. , A meeting of the parochial electors of Little Sankey was 'held on Thursday evening last week in the Wesleyan schoolroom, to consider the terms offered by the Corpor- ation of Warrington' subject to which it is proposed to extend the municipal borough of Warrington so as to include the township of Little Sankey, and to pass such resolution thereon as might be deemed advisable.—Mr. R. B. Matthews, chairman of the Parish Counciapresided over, the meeting, and among others present were Messrs. J. Corredine, B. Grimshaw, S. Williamson, and Greenell (parish councillors), G. Thompson (district councillor), D. Tinnion, W. H. L. Gorse,and Mr. T. Turistall (clerk). There was a moderate attendance. After Mr. Tunstall had read the notice convening the meeting, and also the minutes of the preceding meeting, The Chairman said that before he brought his resolu- tion forward, he would explain what the Parish Council had done in the matter. Of course, the first thing that occurred was the notice from the borough of the proposed extension. A letter was received from the Corporation ' asking them to meet them to receive any proposals they had to make, and also td see what terms would be ac- cepted. The Parish Council and the Corporation had entered into negotiations, but before he mentioned those he would like to tell those' present what had to be con- sidered in the matter. First of all, as regarded the posi- tion of Little Sankey and Arpley Meadows, they felt that in face of the evidence which the Corporation would be able to bring before the Commissioners on behalf of the Local Government Board, it would be very difficult for them to bring any evidence whatever to 'pre- vent their going into the borough. The whole of the evidence appeared to be going the other way. With regard to situation and locality, and other requirements, Little Sankey was part of Warrington, being simply a populous suburb of the to wn,and there could be no ques- tion that Arpley Meadows, which comprised a larzer area than Little Sankey, and which was tacked on to them, ought to be in the borough, because it was practically without police supervisien of Any sort. The Little Sankey police ought to go there but they never did. (Mr. Tinnion : Sometimes.) Not very often,he thought. If there was a prize fight, or any of those little matters which some people took an interest in, they generally went to Arpley Mead( ws to discuss them at their pleasure (Laughter.) That was not in the interest of law and order. (Hear, hear.) It was very evident that with regard to Arpley meadows, it was very necessary that it should be part and parcel of the borough. There were other considerations which induced them to think that the Corporation would make out a good case for the township going into the borough. The sewage of the district, which was still in debt—they bad to pay it off, and they were paying it off in the rates—emptied itself in the borough. It would be a serious question, if the Local Government Board at any time required the sewage to be dealt with before it went into the river. It was a matter Little Sankey could hardly stand. There was another reasoa why Little Sankey should be joined to the borough. The property put up in the township had been put up without any control whatever, and the gen- tlemen present knew the glass of property it was—some of it was scarcely habitable. (Hear, hear.) Had itbeen built under the control of a proper authority, it would never have been allowed to have been put upais it was. (Hear, hear.) Under great pressure they had been able to get the streets paved,which was a very great improve- ment to the district, but he maintained that in the building of house property, street making was essentially part of the expenditure just as the bricks and mortar. In Arpley meadows, as they would know, the Canal Company had made a new road across the mea- dows. There was no population whatever there, and the cost of lighting, watching, Szc., of that road, if they did not go into the borough would fall upon Little San- key, which was a very important matter. There was a considerable quantity of emnty houses at present in Little Sankey. There were 62 empty houses out of a total of 432. When such matters were considered, the Parish Council felt that they could not go before the Commissioners to oppose the extension. With evidence of such a strong character, it could scarcely happen otherwise than that they would be defeated. In addi- tion to all this, the County Council were sending a repre- sentative to the inquiry to support the ad ition of Little Sankey to the borough. The Rural Sanitary Authority had passed a resolution to the same effect, so that they had no great authorities at their back to support them if they decided to oppose. The large ratepayers he had been in communication with, were also more or less in favour of going into the borough, with the exception of the London and North- Western Railway Company, with whom he had not communicated. They wOuld probably fight, for they fought everything which touched their pockets. They were a rich concern, and could afford to spend money in fighting. Mr. Fs W. Mimics had in- formed him (the chairman) that the township had made decidedly advantageous terms withi the Corporation. fie had expressed himself perfectly satisfied, and he would have been there at the meeting had he not been called away to Birmingham. When the Council discovered that it would .be impossible to resist going into the borough, the question of terms came to be considered. It was better to make terms with the Cor- poration than to take their chance before the Commis- sioners. As the Corporation asked for an interview, it was decided to meet them to see what they were dis- posed to give. As a result ol that interview, at which considerable discussion took place, they arrived at an agreement, which the Parish Council decided enani- mously to sapport. Mr. Matthews then read the agree- ment, which has been published in a recent issue. Con- tinuing, he said that it was a most satisfactory circum- stance that the footpath in Liverpool-road would be tiled at once. (Bear, hear.) The playground question was one which had caused them a considerable amount of consideration, because they had such a large number of children in that district—he did not know why. (Laughter.) They really wanted a plavground,and the Corporation had agreed to provide one. Be had no doub6 that some landowner would be glad to provide land,and that Lord Lilford would be generous ie the matter. Among other matters it kad been arranged that the Corporation should pay the costs they were put to in that meeting, and also all minting, and in facts:thy costs outside actual parish work would be defrayed by the Corporation. The Council unanimously approved that a resolution should be brought before the meeting, and he would like to say that the Council was elected to re- present the working population of Little Sankey. They only acted for the benefit of the working-classes. They represented them, and practically them alone. They considered how the question of going into the borough would affect the working-classes,and they believed that it would be to their benefit to go into the borough. There would be better police supervision. All the police cases would be dealt with before the Warrington magis- trates, who he thought, were generally known as dealing justly from the Bench in all matters, except perhaps where the licensing question arose, and then they seemed to him more or less to turn the police statien into a polling station, and they all flocked down there, just as earnestly as if they were going to vote at THE ANNUAL REPORT. a Parliamentary election. (Laughter.) With that ex- er. air. R. PROMO read the following report of the ception, he must say that they carried out matters very Society, for the past year :—" The managers have plea- fairly. They would have a free library and museum, sure in laying before the members the twenty-eighth and in connection with that,there was a technical school annual statement of accounts, showing the amount of which he believed many people would find of thegreatest business done for the past pear. The total receipts are value. The young people would be educated in almost £6,621 4s. 7d. The amount dvanced this year is any branch they might wish. There was further,a free A £394 19s. 7d. against L 2,786 ni. 6d. repaid, leaving fire brigade, and a free disinfection, and users would o have a reduction in the price of gas. The differential the balance 'f the mortgage account L 41,016 14s. sd. The amount subscribed by investors is £2,069 153. 2c1., rating' was a great advantage. He had already shown against £2,746 24. 54. withdrawn, leaving the balance of how many empty houses there were in Little Sankey, that account £39,108 10s. The entrance fee is now 2s. and it would, therefore, be impossible for any owner of per share. The profits after deducting working ex property to attempt to raise the rents. By the differen- penses are L 1,528 18s. 11d. out of which the managers tial rating, there would be a considerable reduction in declare a the rates for five years, SO that the property owners absorbs balancepero f cLe3nt'lbs.".lhOidc.h, would not feel the rise for ten years. Should such a dli,vs2i dse2nad. id. .t.tileearvaitne oaf which is carried to the contingent fund. There are 434 thing occur that the property owners would be enabled members upon the books, of whom 378 are investors, to raise the rents, it would occur in consequence of there and 56 borrowers." being a large demand for houses. There was nothing The CHAIRMAN, in moving the adoption of the report, like that at present. If there was a demand for houses said that they would see that the interest had " pro. there would have to be plenty of work and then the pen- gressed backward," and they were going to pay 4 per ple would be able to afford a slight increase. He agreed cent., instead of 4i per cent, last year. That was be- with the Corporation as to the terms, they recommended cause last year had been a very bad year for trade, and that the aareement should be signed before going before they had consequently suffered something from loss of the Commissioness. At the last extension of the rent of houses. They had also incurred a considerable borough, the terms then given were only five years,and amount of expense in keening their houses in repair. Ile as the gentlemen from the Local Saovernment Board was glad to say that the Widnes property had paid well were very fond of precedents, if the township this year, in fact better than the Warrington property. left it with them, they would only pr6bably get Mr. A. COOK seconded the adoption of the report five years. The agreement would have all the power of which was passed unanimously. an Act of Parliament,and it would be impossible for the Mr. B. DAVIES in the course of an interesting address Corporation to get out of it. He would concluite by referred to the changes which had taken place in the moving," That this parish meeting of the township of position of the town. In the first place,he said they had a Little Sankey, hereby approves and accepts the terms municipal building erected without cost to the offered by the Corporation of Warrington, subject to ratepayers and which was much wanted. He which it is proposed to extend the municipal borough of referred to a Public Hall (Applause), which Warrington, so as to include the township of Little would never be lost to them as the former was, Sankey, and hereby authorises the Parish Council to ex- and which they owed to the generosity of Mr. J. C. ecute the agreement containing the said terms, and Parr. He had spent £B,OOO upon it and presented it to now read, subjset to such amendments in detail at they the town seated, without restriction or conditions, to should think necessary, and that they be further autlio- the Town Council. The next was the handsome iron rased to appear and support the proposals of the Corpora- gates which the town owed to Mr. Monks. (Applause.) tion at the local inquiry to be held by the Local Govern- Although it had cost a considerable sum in removing ment Board, Also that n ges at a copy be sent to the Local the unsightly wall, that mcney had chiefly been spent Government Board. were a widening ni mg p or of v eßmr Bridge-street at Ot rtehe MeGreenwell asked whether Little Sankey would have in wages. gatesther there wasthe a polling station, which would have t be done whether the ratepayers The Chairman said that they wouild,and that it would desired it or not. Traffic in that street was more like a not be necessary to go into the borough to vote, funeral procession than that of business activ- s Mr. Tinnion asked whether any agreement had been ity. e's was pleasanty surprise made with regard to the assessments. It might be all many of the alleys of the t °!' welld sto se o scavenged e and very well to say that the rates would be reduced to whitewashed. Great credit was due to the management 2s. 10,i. But were the assessments likely to be largely ot the town. Be,,king were almost driven away, owing however, lamented that such old increased ? trades as glass ma Mr. Tunstall said that the assessments were fixed by of t foreign competition, and, he regretted to say, that „,. t foreign p the overseers subject to the approval 01 the Assessment this prisons. important subject irrespective of party and Committee. The Corporation a d no control over the done for t i ris He hoped that something would be assessments unless they took over the power of the that business would revive, and that there would be . overseers. There wee id then be an appeal to the Assess better trade n the town in future. (Hear, hear.) ment Committee. The election of officers was then proceeded with. Mr. Joseph Nay, a manager, having Mr. Thompson asked whether there would still be a dicd, Mr. G. Legge was elected in his place. Guardian for Little Sankey. The remaining managers were re-elected. Messrs. Mr. Tunstall replied that there would be. • A. Cook and Richard Shackleton were appointed. Mr. Harper asked whether an was not to be stewards, Messrs. James Bolton and William Dick were held on March sth with rettard to Corporation finances. re_appoinied auditors, and Mr. William Twice surveyor. Mr. Tunstall replied that there was one in connection Mr. IKENWIRTHY ineved, and Mr. CRITCHLET se- with the Bridge-st. improvement and other matters. conded a vote of thanks to Mr. Davies for his presence Mr Harper then moved that the meeting be adjourue that night, and the vote was passed unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
BANKRUPTCY Or A LOCAL FLOUR DEALER.

A the Bankruptcy Court on Friday, James Penning- ton, 172, Wilderspool-road, flour dealer, underwent his public examination,before Mr. Registrar Nicholson. The gross liabilities of the bankrupt were £426 2s. 5d., and his assets were stated to be £63 12s. sd. The causes of failure were alleged to be owing to falling markets and buying flour in advance for the rise The bankrupt was represented by Mr. Unsworth, and Mr. Browne was also present on behalf of Mr. Carter, a creditor. The official receiver in his observations upon the case says that bankrupt stated that he had only been in business, as a flower dealer and provender mer- chant, since February, 1893; and that he commenced such business wit a capital of £4O. He had not filed the prescribed deficiency account, but said that he had not kept proper books of accaunts, and, therefore, could not file proper deficiency account. He sustained considerable lose through the Ship Canal cutting off access to his warehouse, as he had to pay 6d. extra per sack for carriage by rail, on many hundred sacks of flour. His chief loss had been through the markets falling after he had bought for the rise. Bankrupt alleged he had kept no cash book, but added that he had a record of moneys received from credit customers, but the dates of receipt were not ' recorded in any case. He had nv record of payments other titan that contained in vouchers and his bank pass book, but the bulk of such payments were by cheque. He kept no ledger showing his accounts with either debtors or creditors. He further stated that he only first became aware of his insolvency at the beginning of last October; and admitted he had been contracting debts since with such knowledge. The unsecured liabilities, appeared to be entirely trade liabilities. Bankrupt stated that his furniture had been sold under a dis- tress; and that he sold a parlour suite about January 20th for £5, and paid the money into the Bank, which was pressing him ; and with regard to a horse, lurry, and harness, he stated that he had a horse, lurry and har- ness, which he gave up.to a creditor, about January 15th, in lieu of flour, which he was to have delivered to him. He also handed him a ton of hay, and a sack of wheat, and a small weighing machine. He had paid him £153 is. on December 13th, being cash before delivery for 200 sacks of flour at 15s. 6.1. per sack. He delivered 125 sacks, and he bought the above articles in reduction of the difference. The articles were worth £32 19s. altogether. In cross-examination by Mr. A. B. Potter (assistant official receiver), the bankrupt said that he first became aware of his insolvency in consequence of certain creditors pressing for their accounts. In addition to the causes of failure stated above,he attributed part of it to ill-health, having been 'gory seriowsly ill four years ago, and from which he still, felt effects. With regard to buying in hope of rises in market,he admitted that it was pure speculation. He estimated that he had lost £2OO or £3OO in consequence of the mat kets falling instead of rising as he had expected. There never was such a time, in the flour trade as the present. His loss owing to the Ship Canal cutting off access to his warehouse, he esti- mated to be £4O. When he commenced business he had not the whole of the £4O capital to band, and he had some liabilities to meet. He admitted that he had no surplus when he commenced business, but, he was perfectly sure that he was solvent. He gave his horse, lurry and harness to Mr. Horton but could net give any satisfactory reason why be did not sell them and divide the cash between his V.lrious creditors. Be had contracted a large portion ot his liabilities since he knew he was insolvent,but that was in the hope that he would recover his position. Mr. Potter asked a large number of questions with regard to the transattion with Mr. Horton, and also with the National Provincial Bank, but expressed himself very much dissatisfied with the replies received. In reply to Mr. W. Rowlinson, a creditor, the Pankrupt denied that he told him that he was absolutely solvent in Nevem her. —Mr. Browne : Have you not been passing for a local preaeher, aad were you not preaching the day before the meeting of your creditors ? Mr. Pennington : No. V —Was not that one of the grounds upon Which you get some of your credit? No . , The hearing was adjourned for one month.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PERMANENT BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. ANNUAL MEETING. _

The annual meeting of the above society was held in Cairo-street Chapel on Friday. There was a good at- tendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. J. Ken- worthy, and there were also presel.t—Mesars. R. Davies, Sargent Brayshaw, T. Critchley, J. Dewhurst, J. Critchley, F. Massey, J. Mather, P. C. Price, W. H. Robinson, C. Twiss, G. Legge, R. Shackleton, W. Dick, and R. Proud. .

WARRINGTON P.S.A. MEETINGS.

ANNIVERSARY AT WYCLIFFE.

The anniversary of the Wycliffe P.S.A. was held at Wycliffe Church on Sunday afternoon, when the church was crowded almost to its utmost capacity. The pro- ceec.ings throughout, were of the heartiest description, and the third year of the P.S.A. was entered upon under the happiest circumstances. The chair was occupied by the Rev. John Yonge. After the usual opening cere- monies, The CHAIRMAN, in addressing the meeting, said that it was'almost incredible that two years of the P.S.A. had passed away. It seemed hardly more than yesterday, that they first started the movement in Wycliffe, and that a number of them gathered together in that church with wondering and fearing as to the success or otherwise of the movement which they were starting. But time passed very huickly, and he supposed that the older they got, the quicker it seemed to go. He thought that all of them as they looked back over the two years of the P.S.A.would do so with feelings ef the greatest thankful- ness and eneouragement. (Applause.) He could not think that anyone was so pessimistic as to regret that they had started the movement. He believed that a great many men were thankful to God, and some were not afraid to say so, that the P.S.A. had ever been commenced. He hoped that by the help, sympathy, and encouragement of those present, the new year of the P.S.A. which they had just entered upon, would be the best yet known. There were people even to-day who were trying to pick holes, and to find fault with them. He heard of a minister the other day, who spoke of the Wycliffe P.S.A. as a Sunday afternoon en- tertainment. fie (Mr. Yonge) asked whether that were so or not ("No, no.") Another minister said about the P.S.A. movement that it was one half socialism, and the other half eight hours a day. Was the t so or not ? (" No, no.") Their object was to get hold of the men, and to attempt to raise them to a Christian standard and to make their lives in this world better. (Applause.) He was glad that he had been able to get Dr. Waite there that day, and they would no doubt lee able to get something from his speech. (Applause.) Dr. WAITE congratulated them upon two years' suc- cessful work in that movement. He heard about Wycliffe P.S.A. even in Liverpool, and Lie heard nothing but what was encouraging and gratifying. (Applause.) He thought that the problem of to-day was social in- equality. That problem exercised the minds of men in every part of the world. It was a disgrace to civilization that there was on one side so much poverty, wretched- ness and misery, while on the opposite end there was a superabundance of luxury and comfort. He asked himself the question, was there no power strong enough to bring those two extremes together and reconcile I them. The only answer he was able to give to the ques- tion was, the getting the spirit of the man who went abut dein.. good. (Applause.) They accepted the truth, he taught, that there was a mediator between man and God, but there was another truth and that was that there was a mediator between man and man—the man Christ Jesus. It seemed to him that what they wanted was more righteousness, and without this, it would be imposeible to improve the social position of the land. I hey should not make the things of this life the objective principle, but the subjective principle, so that they might rise highet in the Christian life. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN announced that 738 had already en- rolled themselves for the next year. He considered tnat that was an excellent start for the new year. During the service Dr. Waite sang " The river of years," and Mr. W. H. Waite " The pilgrims of night," very effectively, and Mr. W. H. Waite also recited "The city waif," in a manner which aroused the sympathies of his audience. The services was brought to a close in the usual manner. •

QUARTERLY OPEN MEETING AT THE Y.M.C.A. The lecture room of the Y.M.C.A.. Friars'-green was crowded on Sunday afternoon when the quarterly open meeting of the P.S.A. was held under the presidency of Mr. Thomas Birchen, J.P.,who expressed his pleasure at meeting them there that afternoon because their associa- tion was aiming at practical Christianity. He congratu- lated those present upon their work and he hoped they would go on to be still more and more successful. Later on, referring to Miss Bessie Dutton, the Chairman said that all of them would call to mind some of those of the other sex who were unremitting in their labours and who did all the good they could in a quiet manner. They were glad that one whose name was a household word in Warrington was present that afternoon to give an address. .

Miss Dutton was very glad to be there especially as the last time the weather prevented her fulfilling her promise. There were, she knew, faces there that were always there and she was gl..d to remember that. They should alt be faithful and help to save someone and draw them nearer to the love of Christ to be like Him. The greatest good in life was love and referring to Love pivine—that love of God to them—she said love was the ' only coin that passed in Heaven and the wine of love might be obtained of none save he who trod the wine- press all alone. God's love was the thing she would speak of to them—the love of a Saviour. It was for all nations and lands and there was a great deal from one fellow creature to another. There was love in the hearts of men, even men who had no link with God. They did not live in the world unexposed to dangers and they knew the terrible evils and trials that beset them. God would help and keep them through all that and He would save them from all evils. She wanted to speak of this love to them because God's love was different to man's love. In her own words she spoke of Jesus Christ with all the love she could muster up but she could not depict Him as He was.—at the close of this address which Miss Dutton had delivered in a feeling manner and illustrated with anecdotes and extracts of poetry, she was heartily applauded by the audience, who had listened with great attention throughout. Early in the afternoon Miss Kent and Mr. A. Baker sang as a duet " Love Divine," in a tasteful and enure- ciathe manner, anclatterwards Miss Kent gave a skilled and sympathetic rendition of a song iii which the ex- pression is half the success, namely, " The Children's Home." Numerous hymns were sung, in which those assembled took part with unmistakeable spirit and good- will. The instrumental music was provided by the small P.S. A. orchestra, under the able conductorship of Mr. Percy Randall, while Mr. F. Hickman gave his services as accompanist on the organ.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRAINING COLLEGE.

The Class List of Students in the Warrington Train- ing College examined for certificates Christmas, 1894, has just been issued. Note : The names in the first and st.cond divisions are placed in order of merit. An asterisk denotes equal merit. STUDENTS OF TILE SECOND YEAR.

FIRST DIVISION.—Mary E. Roylance. Annie Faragher, Helena A. Holliday, Ada Waizbom, Grace Ashton. Maude A. Wagstaffe, *Josephine Bu!lough and *Lucy Plinston, Mary A. Davison, Plicebe H. Lumsden, Edith Flough, Edith L. Wale, Jessie Evason, Edith Caldwell. Minnie Clegg, Annie Irvine, Sophia Williams, *Mary E. Fitton and *Mabel Hammond, Florence B. Williams, Mary Haworth, Jessie G. Stenhouse, Mary C. Broadbent, and Harriet Ward. SECOND DlVlSlON.—Elizibeth Derham, Amelia J. Pugh, Ellen A. Gidlow, Lilian M. Merrick, Maud Page, Annie H. Dewhurst, *Bertha Davies, and *Constance M. Marshall, Bessie Dunning, Annie Peake, Mary A. Smith, Crvstella B. M. Rowley, Lilian M. Samples' Martha Stubbs, Clara Newton, Martha L. Nunnerley, Sarah A. Lintrott, Alice•M. Whitehead, Agnes E. Harker, Lilian Winsor, Harriet E. Beetlestons, Louisa Worfold, Edith F. Coward, Eliza H. Mattinson, Ellen Glver, Annie J. Merrick.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
STUDENTS OF THE FIRST TEAR.

FIRST DIVI-SIO-N-.LEmily Plinsten, Kate Rose, Lucy Austin, Elizabeth Sevrards, Edith Cooper, Annie Hough, Catherine E. Nutt, Elizabeth Millington, Jane Williams, Annette M. Baker, Sarah E. Frost, Lily M. Warburton, Emily Garlick, Amy L. Munro. SECOND DlVlSlON.—Elizabeth K. Wood, Maggie Ire- dale, Edith Baltimore, Lucy Nicholson, Georgina Hew- son, Mary A. Horgan, Jane Belli, Florence E. W. Wright, *Eva Morton, and *Elizabeth 11. Seddon, Florence E. S. Weeks, Edith S. Dunn, Emily C. Hind, Grace D. Malcolm, Edith Seed, Ada C. Moulton, Sarah A. Jones, Jane Sutherland, Margaret A. Davenport, Augusta Rogers, *Mary E. Newall and *Belinda Williams, Ames A. Taylor, Sarah M. Stubbs, Annie A. Dalton, Grace Bell, Annie Aldcrott, Ada Airey, Mary E. Potter, Minnie Crossley, Sarah A. Cocks, Edith C. Meakin, Henrietta E. Brotherton, Mary E. Poole, Emily A. Balm- ford, Margaret E. Brown, Elizabeth Baron, Kate E. Williams, Elizabeth A. ksbury, and Edith M. Tipaney. THIRD Divistoti:—Emma Barton, 'Henrietta Cross- dale, Minnie Davies, G. B. Glendenning, Amelia Harri- son, Lavinia F. Jackson, Nellie Tomlinson, and Harriet J. Winsor.

BITMISIARY O HMI:MTS. • WAIIRINGTON.—Second Year: Number presented 50: class 1., 2l ; elms 11., 26 ; no failures. First Year: Number presented, 62; class 1., 14; class IL, 40 ; class 111., 8; no failures.

The will of the late Sir Joseph C. Lee has been proved at Chester. the segregate of the real and personal estate being £206,898 19s. 2d.

A proposal made by Herr Liebknecht to turn the Ger- man army into a national militia on the Swiss model, was defeated in the Reichstag on Monday. Only the Social Democrats voted for it.

THE SECRET OF BEAUTY is found in CUTICURA SOAP, the most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap in the world, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet and nursery. It is the only preventative of pimples, blackheads, red, rough, and oily skin, red, rough hands with shapeless nails, dry, thin, and tailing hair, and simple baby blemishes, because the only pre- ventative of inflammation and clogging of the pores,the cause of minor affections of the skin, scalp, and hair. Sale greater than the combined sales of all ether skin and complexion soaps.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
OFTEN TIRED BUT NEVER. WEARY.

LET'S discuss this point for two minutes. Here's a man who says that at a certain period he began to feel " tired and weary." That's precisely the way he puts it in his letter. Now anybody has a right to feel tired or fatigued (it's the same thing), after labour or much exercise. It's the body's fashion of telling to hold 9, to give it a rest. It is a natural and, in health, with supper and sleep just, ahead, a pleasant feeling. But weariness l—that's different. That comes of monotony, of waiting, of loneliness. Weariness is of the mind, not of the body. But it can arise in the body all the same. If this bothers you at first, don't say, "Stuff ! " " humbug ! " but study up on it. A man may be ted and happy, but not weary and happy. For weariness means depressed spirits, and nerves all sagged down in the middle. And when you get both at once you will be wise to find out what's gone wrong. It is a short letter, this is, and we can just as well quote the whole of it. The writer says : "It was in November, 1887, when I began to feel tired and weary. It seemed as if I bad no strength left in me. Before that I had always been strong and healthy. My appetite was poor, and for days together I could not touch any food that was placed before me. After every meal that I did succeed in forcing down I had such dreadful pains in the chest and back that I was almost afraid to eat. Then there was a sharp pain around the heart, too, as though I was stabbed with a knife. "I lost a deal of sleep, and for nights together I didn't sleep at all. Then I began to lose flesh rapidly, and was afraid I was going into a consumption, Yet I kept on with my work, however, but it was a bard thing for me, because I was so weak and nervous that I trembled from head to foot. As time got on I gradually got worse and worse, and my eyes were sunken and drawn in. I consulted a doctor in Kentish Town. He gave me medicine, but it did no good. After all this I got the idea into my head that I should not recover. "One day a lady came into the shop, and noticing the state I was in, kindly asked how long I had been ill. I told her all about it, and she said, You try Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup; it has made me well, and I believe it will do you good.' "I sent for a bottle, and after taking only a few doses

- - I felt relieved. Presently my food agreed with me, and I enjoyed my meals. I could sleep better also, and by keeping on taking this syrup I soon got as strong as I ever was in my life. Since that time (now over four years ago), I have been in the best of health. I con- sider that in all probability this remedy saved my life ; at all events, it restored my healthr and life without health don't amount to much. I gladly consent to the publication of this statement, and will answer inquiries , Yeurs truly (Signed), G. VINCIZ, Shepherd's Bush-road, London, W., November 30th, 1892." Thus Mr. VincAs unfortunate experience comesto a happy end. As he has to work for a living, like most of us, heis no doubt often tired, but never weary any more. And what can be possibly be more wearisome than long. continued illness? With him, as with millions, it was the stomach that was in fault. His food entered the stomach and stopped there. So he suffered from two bad results: he received no strength from it, but he did reaeive the deadly acids and gases which the fermented stuff gave birth to. Indigestion and dyspepsia. The same old story of pain and misery, and, thank mercy, the same story of restoration and gratitude after an appeal for help had been made to good old Mother Seigel.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ACTRESS CONVICTED FOR THEFT.

A CASE OF INGRATITUDE.

- At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Monday morning before the Mayor (chairman), Mr. F. Monks and Mr. J. W. Hay ward, Mary Ann Gould, an attractive looking ysung person and styled as an actress, was charged with stealing foom 14, Eustace-et., sometime on Thursday the 28th of February a ladies silver brooch, white shawl and blouse, value in all 10s., the pruperty of Henry Birchall.—The prisoner pleaded guilty. Mr. Hunt (the Chief Constable) said that the com- plainant was Mrs. Henry Thrchall, 14, Eustace-at., and the prisoner gave her name as Mary Ann Gould, 18 years of age' daughter of Joseph Gould, residing at 32, King-street, 11facclesfield,and prisoner had told him that she was born in Australia. It about two minutes to 12 on Wednesday night, last week, the complainant and her husband were sitting at home when they heard someone knocking next door. They went to the front of the house and opening the door found the prisoner with a little girl who bad directed her to the house in question. Mr. Birchall asked her what she wanted as the people bad gone to bed. She replied " I came into town about nine o'clock to night and 1 am looking for apartments ; I have a brother employed at the Theatre Rayal in ' A Day Will Come.' She had a parcel with her, and as she appeared respectable Mr. and Mrs. Birchall, seeing it was 12 o'clock told her they had a spare bed and would accommodate her. Prisoner accepted and said that she had had a telegram from her husband who was engaged here in a piece called" the Iron Chain." She then went to bed and got up the nsxt morning at 10 o'clock and had her breakfast. Mrs. Birchall had been busy in the morning to get the prisoner lodgings and bad pro- cured them for her with a Mrs. Barlow ia Nicholson-st. After some conversation about the lociglugs prisoner rose and saying "good morning " to Aire. Birchall went out without offering any payment. The latts.r thought her parcel looked a little larger and immediately went upstairs and found that her box had been ransacked and the articles producers were missing. Mrs. Birchall then went to Nicholoon-street and found the prisoner and informed her there wassomething missing :ram her house and asked to look in the parcel. This, prisoner refused in an audacious manner, but returned with complainant to Eustace-street, where Mrs. Birchall examined the parcel and found in it the shawl and blouse. The same day the matter was reported to* Detective Monaghan who, in company with P.C. Barlow, met her in Sankey- street near the park gates and recognising her from a description Monaghan said " How do you do this after- noon." Prisoner said, "I do not belong to W'arrington. I am a theatrical." Monaghan then told her why he spoke and Barlow noticed her removing the brooch which was on her clothimg. She was brought to the Psilice Station and the brooch found upon her. • Monaghan then charged her with tile thefts and she replied " Yes, sir." Inspector Spinks had since made inquiries and found that there was no such place as 32, King-street, Maccles- field, and that the prisoner was hot known there at all. —She was asked if there was anyone she could apply to and she said that her mother was in Macclesfield.—The bench eventually decided to send her to gaol for 14 days hard labours—Mr. Taylor, PC M. has since made en- quiries and found that 32 King-sa, the address the girl gave was perfectly correct and that the Macclesfield police had made a mistake in stating that it did not exist. Mr. Taylor had also received a letter from the girl's father stating 'hat he would he glad to have her back again and Mr. Taylor had made arrangements to have the girl either restored to her parents,on her re- lease or be sent to a home.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLCOCK'S

What becomes of pain when successfully treated? We say, it vanishes like smoke. Thor- ough treatment does away with italtogether. lfyou want a rel ief from pains in the back, side, chest or limbs, use an

PLASTER.

Of all Chemists from is. iXd. NO to 225. 6d. each.

X STOP ONE MOMENT.

"Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for my Children's Coughs and Colds?" TRY.

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chest Throat, and L,ings. It never fails to give instant relief and does not cont do Laudanum, Opium, or Morphia. RCONOMISH YOTIR HEALTH. HtLTI IS THE

W Figlirr--M_l 7-77131F777.7"17Trgail iniimui--- --- --- -1 limmwarL rr ialiagia Ilia dm. rel - fi" 41, El . 4".., -.. ‘a\ ,„, : v"- :A • pli • % -: .. ~., _. a • - ', `r-5' , ' El iilii' .•..' ...- .:-.:,-,-*. gi r 1 . ni SMO ii : itio 0 11, ' r liii LTI • ~ -- •••• /• , . "'IX • ',(// 'a i To Lzu ~ ra 3 a I a: M , ~ riadi a /11 . Eil .. u'l ge , "IS g.. mime ' j ''- ' ' . '-' -' '''. -- '-'-''.. . -- - .-' ---La al. • 13 El 4 ICS "m7lFTllk=' -'• lIIITI.' -flpiTtel:.i'AY

===== 0002601_18950309_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST WEALTH.

AU who are engaged in outdoor and indoor oecupationjand are especially eKposed to the ever varying climate of Great Britain, BE WISE IN TIME I Don't tamper with Danger but go straight away for

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT

BALSAM OF HONEY.

IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds. Bronchitis, Asthma. Tight,.ess of the Chest. It, cures tkousands of child en of Bronchitis and Whooping Cmighs. I sures for One Shilling when Pounds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT I . .. • _ _

If you have a Cough, try it: if you have a Cold, try it ; if you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens 01. Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth ar comfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you h we lost nights of rest,

===== 0002601_18950309_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND

SURGEONS.

When you are distressed by a mis,rable cold, nose bunged up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsom of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it, There is nothing lkie it on the market ; it is thoroughly up to date : it triOkles into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action. JUST ANOTHER WORD. When you ask Or send for TUDOR WILLIAMS PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase somahmg else. If you do you simply throw off the nnine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. Thousands of Testimoni Is to hand from all parts of the World.

:READ OF FURTHER. SPONTANEOUS TES'TIMONY WORTHY,:OF YOUR

CONSIDERATION.

SIR.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey las proved a moat valuable medicine in our large family (eigkt children). As soon as a cough or a cold makes its appeirance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, end his treatment, is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the Balsam in our family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now. by taking doses, as directed th:y seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the clld is upon them the action 01 the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily ind ask for more. WALTER J. BRETT, C.M., Headmaster Severn Tunn March 16th, 1692.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON STILL FURTHER.

A. Cardiff Chemist save have larger sales for Tod* William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cough Cars; That's the opinion of all chemists. PUBLIC MEN SPEAK. HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER

===== 0002601_18950309_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE. WORLD.

Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorgan, July. 1892. DEAR SIR,--1 must write to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey for Coughs is the best we ever had in the house. My bay David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, couldn't. sleep at night for it, au i neither coula anyone else in the house sleep because of his barking. A. few doses of Balsam of Honey positively cured him; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID JONES, ESQ., High Constable.

Sold by all Chem;qs and Stores all o.ver he World i Is. 11d, 26 9d, t n<:, 4s 6d bottles. Sample butt A ssent post paid for is 33 3s, and be, irons the Inventor,

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.,

MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE. WALES.

SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPTIONS To Cure Eczema, Skin GlEDSEruptions, Irritation, Pim- ples, Blotches, Ulcerated Bad Legs and Sores, use OULI. WICK'S SKIN OINTNIENT end BLOOD TABLETS. WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION Either Ointment or Tablets, I. lid., from all Chemists ; post free Is. 31.. from MARTIN, Chemist, Southampton. BOOTS. Cash Chemists, Warrington. Agents { SPEAKMAN 27, Bridge-st., Runcorn.

RUPTURE CURED. RUPTURE CURED. RUPTURE CURED The afflicted are respectfully notified that Mr. S. J. SHERMAN. Hernia Spc dali-t, will continue t, practice at his OLD and ONLY BRANCH CHAMBERS in MANCHESTER. narnelx, 26, KING-STREET (during the whole f the year .1896 , where he so long has had such I NPARALLED SUCCESS in the treat- ment of the MANY TH.)U3A-YDS who save applied to him for relief and cure of rupture at 26, KING-STREET, MANCHESTER. London address 61, Charieerv-lane, where he attends ALTERNATE Wevke.ti Send 7d. tor his NEW BOOK on RUPTURE and other useful information, now Post FREE 7d. Nam. —His only address hi MANCHFSTER is 28 KING-STREET, which 13 convenient to all Railway Stations. CAUTION! 1•I CAUTION 11 1 CAUTION ii I Beware of untrue and mislead- ing advertisements now appearing in Manchester and other new,ipapers. Do nn be deceived. His old and only address inManchester is 26, King-st.. and remember ti,at no other person bearing the name of SHERMAN has until just within the past few ays ever had any address whatever in Manches- ter. S. J. SHERMAN is the only person bearing that name who has had offices in Manchester for some years past, and he is the actual and only person who has effected the wonderful Rupture Cures in Manchester and elsewhere throughout Qreat Britain during that period.

T OWLE'SC HLORODYNE A, k for and take. T 0 WLE'SC HLORODYNE 31M:Dercre. ether. T OWLE'SC HLORODYNE RELTEVNIS T 0 WLE'SC HLORODYNE COUGHS., T OWLE'SC HLORODYNE BRONCHITIS., .T OWLE'SC HLORODYNE conumpriox. TOWLE'SC HLORODYNE ASTHMA, TOWLE'SC HLORODYNE DIARMICEA, To W LE'S C HLORODYNE SPASMS' 44c. 13id. per Botble. A. P. TOWLE. MANCHESTER.

3 MATCHLESS CLEANSER ints swept away Athouaand worn es of Washing Day.--Anirr.

Tb‘, tioyal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH Is unequalled for Imparting a beautifnl finish to starched I nen. .Re., elther cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wAn says :—" Mv wife will not finish our linen wlfl,out your '•••.archfilose." Prom Mrs. —, Bradford I 0,0 pi-,,sed to von that I have tried many an-oanod Stand], Glam.' and MI-01011. bit% find no' equal to.yours." It shmild ta LISPA in rvery finnan, Aoki ..I Id., 31., and 6(1., by most 5ta:,...11 ee;ler a if not in inela will proonra it. T. ORTTMILi.v. iii,Alrburn. T'zonrietor.-4dst.

G 101513,

WORTH KNOWIN .—WOODEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS. is boon to sufferers and sets like magic in all eases of RrIEUMATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, and STIFF JOII4TS. Prd.e Is. 4d. Der bottle, carriage paid.—J.WoonEkro, chemist. 22. Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
41k11114 0 w

GIVR RASH AND COMFORT DURING TRUTHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try then an.i prove their value tor youreelvee. Sold everywhere in packets, le..lid. and 2s. 9d., or post fre

14 or :34 stamps, J. PRIICIIARD, CHEIIIST,,

CHEADLE, SLANC HESTER (late Chorlton-roc

Art appalling story of systematic cruelty of a revolting type was unfolded at the Bootle Police Court on Monday in count ction with charges against a Mrs. Ella Spooner, of 13, Bangor-street. of ill-treating a girl named Marian Anetta Turton. It was stated that prisoner had burned the child on the lip.. and tongue and other parts of her body besides beating her with the heel of a slipper, a WS stick, ani a stave of a barrel. Spooner was com- mitted to the assizes on a charge of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm.

Throa trouble., bronchitis. is.ql all affections of the lungs are quickly relieved and speetilycured by Seritt's itmuision. No other preparation gives such general satisfaction. Even consumption is curet in its e“rly stages, and the weakness attending the disease is also overcome. Born's Einulsion strengthens everybody who takes it. (10)

===== 0002601_18950309_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
trbe " Cpaminer " Orriet

PREPAID ADVERTISEILENTS. .t ming under the following heads are inserted in ALL th ' above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WA ED, APARTMENTSWANTED. MONEY WANTED, tiPECLFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, MOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three SIX Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 N6d ... Is 3el 2s Od 27 Gs 9d ... ls 10d ... 3g Od 36 is Od ... 2s 6d ... 4s ad 45 ls 341 ... is Id ... bs Od 64 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. Der insertion.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Eiomtatr giO t rbantS , &t.

_ SIaVANT WANTED (respectable girl) —Apply at Jecg- SoN's, 17, liarle street, St. Paul',-square, Liverpool.

WANTED, Good GENERAL SERVANT ; mast he fond of thildren.—Apply 20, PRIORY-ROAD, Broadgreon, Liverpool.

WANTED a respectable tidy GIRL to assist in general housework.—Mrs. FERNS, 10, Brook-road, Fallow&ld, Manchester.

WANTED, experienced GRNBRAL, wash, iron, state age and referennes, £l5, doctor's house, boy kept.— Mrs. NICECH, Tyldesley.

WROBERT'S OLD ESTABLISHED AGENCY, requires at o ce Generni - ervauts vatti good reter- enees.—Apply 23,110PE-ST., Liverpool.

WANTED Situation an HOUSEVIAID (experienced), upper or single, or as Housemaid Waitress.—A. B. Wosatmes ritS.ET, Ede.', Stockport.

SRLECT REGISTRY for Male and Female Servants.—hlis.. CHARLES, Artist in 1 adies' ILir, Fancy Gaods, for Bazaar Catering Bm.-13 Legk-street, Warrington.

_ WANTED, Good GENERAL SERV AN T etc., good V Shun, lons found. No charge.— Apply Mrs. WILLIAMS, 42 Brook-street, C.-on-M., M'an.cheiter. ---------

LADZ (28) seeks Re-engavement as Useful Governess ; ten years' experience ; moderate salary, but comfortable konse essential.7-M155 L 'KIN, Eyton, Wellington, Salop. . .

ANice home for a tiENBILAL SBRVANT, four in the family ; wages £l2; also for another one ' • wages £l5. —Mrs. DAVIS, Select Registry, 54. Clolne-road.Burnley.

WANTED. cle.n. respectable GIRL, as General for dairy. aboul. 18 r 20, no outside work, and now Apply, by letter, to Mrs. NEWHOUSE, 32. lipworth-street, Liverpool.

WANTED respi-eable strong YOUNG WOMAN to undertake duties of small house ; three in, family ; washing sent out ; good wages.—Apply 28 BLLEESLIE-BOAD, Tuebr oo k , Liverpe I.

SBEVAN T.- WANTED. good General, age 20; no washing; good home and wages to reliable person. Reference required.—Nirs. COUP, Winterherlane, Horwich, near tolton.

SERVANTS WANTING GOOD SITUATIONS should write to ST. JAMBS' IthGIs'IRY, St. James's Oxford- street. Manchester. Ladies waittig, No Fee. Manageress, Visa HOWARD.

HOPPRR, Registry Office. Burton-on-Trent, has a good Mother's Help or 6ewing maid, learnt the dress-naking ; also a Head Nurse, under Nurse, and House- maid. disengaged._

fl IRLS with hood character as DOMESTIC HELP OR Air GENERAL REQUIRED. Another kept, one accus- tomed to children brat erred.—Apply Mrs. Rcin,46 Lansdowne - road. Didsbury, :Manchester.

IV-ANTED experenced NURSB, for country, to take V V charge of four children ; unexceptional references required. State age. experience. Wages 22@. —Apply Mrs. 40,11/0501(, Bickerskavr Hall. near Wigan.

4.1.,1•4 anti FEMALE NUtSIS INSTITUTION, to, L liope-at.. Liverpool. Estab. IBM—For reliable, Atte limits. Mental. Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or taleirrash... Nurses." Liverpool. .lephone. STC. COOKi aud DOO s GENERAL WANTED. £2O to £.35 wages, Must be of iznd character, and competent. Booklug Free. Practical School of Co ,kery and COOKS REGISTRY, 263, Oxford Road, Mancheste” _ .

MIDLAND REGISTRY OFFICE, DRRBY.--Patronised by nobility and gentry.---Wanter/ Cooks, £2O to EU; Eitel ,nrnaids, Sculleryrnairti, Parlourmaida, Housemaids. House ParlOUrMaitiB, Laundrymaids, Under Nurses. Al! classes of Men Serv,nts disco-waged.

JADY AGENTS, CLEI4I(i, IYeE WRITERS, BAR- MAID MAIDS, DOMESTICS, LADY HELPS AND LADIES of every discriptlon (married or single) .wanted immediately to send Large (24.) Stamped Directed Envelope tor pArtiem la s also Illustrated Medic:ll Guide, sent free. —iILE NEW 1 ORB DRUG COMPARY.—Reading.

En be ?Let.

BANK STREET, OFFICES, a a room.

pIINIERTH. COTTAGES, 2s, Bd. per week. NvIN WICK ROAD, 011ver-street, 'Good LODGING HOUsI4, rectuced to 6s.

UNION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre ot town. _ .

-Apply, ROB RUT Lowe. Estate Agent, Market Warrington. Teleplaone—No 65.

Tr) LET.—House off Beissey-road (3 bedrooms), rent 45.6 d. —Apply Ashton and Woods. Solicitors, liorsemarket-st,• Warrington.

TIOLTSBS TO BIC La.T. fronting Latchford locks; bay windo es, lobniel through and cheap rents.—S. J. -4311.MLBSHAFT, Grappenhall. •

CHAMLBY HALL FARM TO LET, cents ining about one hundred and twenty acres of good meadow and pasture land, with dwelling-house and farm buildings well situated ; alsout four miles from Clitheroe.—Apply W. WursTaxLity. Chaigley Manor, CLitheroe.

JA

Hous,s..EAGL. VOUNT and STAFFORD TERRACIA. composed of fonr bedrooms, twN sittiug.rooms.kitchen cellar, and other conveniences; rent £l4. Also &wayside Stockton Heath. every convenience, including bathroom etc. ; pleasys-,t aspect ; rent £l9 10s. ; abo god corner shop, Albert Term.: ..,tockton Beth. with ew.ry accommodation; rent £l9.—Apply BOSTOCIC, Wilderspool, Warrington.

RESIDTCNCII—TO NE LET, OR SOLD, desirable family Residence. The Heights, Glolbarne. near Newton-l& Willows, with three-stalled stable, loosebox, two coachhouses. harness-room, garden well stocked with fruit trees ; conserva- tory, fernery, vineries. peach house, plant house, boiler house, laundry, yards, Ftc„- the house is substantially built and pleasantly situated about l miles from Newton-le- Willows Station and 15 minutes' wala from Golborne and Lowton Stat'ons rest ectively ; contains large entrance hall, dining, drawing, breakfast, morning and bilba-d-rooms, 12 bedrooms, and two dressing-rooms, with bath-room, and lavatories, k tcheus, bans, pantry, front and back eel ars ac also excellent swimming bath with all necessary fittings and appliances.—Apply to W. H. ARNOTT. Lime House, Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows.

" 'xHAT'S WRAT I GET FOR MY PAINS. as the Cyclidt said, when rubbing with insON'S FAMOUS 10113ROCATIO1C.—Bottles 13 2s. 9d., and 4e. 6d., post free.—GissoN's EMBROCATION COMPANY, Queen's Avenue, Caatle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Br;dge-st., Warrington.

-- INCANDESCENT (}AS LIGIIT. WE LSBA CH SYSTEM INCANDESCENT GAS LlGar. WKS BACH SYST SU.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIU

-W. TILSBACII SYST)III.

SALVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

- - AVES 50 rER CENT. IN GM.

SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

Sl= VALID RHASONS FOR ITS ADOPTION. 1. 'lt saves half your gas bill. 2. It gives you treble the presenflight. 3. Item be attlehed to existing gas fitti.igs. 4. The light is otean, Cool, steady, and brilliant. 6. It do .s away with the impurities of gas. 6. It is pleasant, simple, and economical.

THE MOST PERFECT LIGHT. SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT. AT ONE-RW-11TR THE COST.

Prices and full part enlars on application to tbe foil wing Agents : WARRINGTON: CALDWELLS, LIMITED, 60. Horsernarket-street. HARLEsTOWN: Mrs. E. NEEDHAM. ST. HELENS: E. G. BROOK, Wolverhampton HOliia. Ruslooftx : 11. BRANCH, 109, Greenway ,Road. WIDNES: 11. BRANCH, Central Hotel.

FURS! LAD! ES' Furs! You can Purchase Single Artic‘es of Fur at Wholesale Price, sal the first fashion; also Sealskin Jackets aud other 'Garments. NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY. Office and Showroom : 21, LEVER-STRIDET, (Opposite the Poyal Infirmary, Piccadilly), MANCHESTER. Attentions hy the First Skill. Bealsktn Garments Re-Fashioned, and all °tiler Furs Repairs, Re-Dyeing, Cleaning, itc.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
anta.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils, /A. Liberal Commission.—Box 31, POST OFFICE Liverpool. NVANTED, Sr.ffercrs from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Euxten, Chorley.

---- youNa MAN WANTED, £26 per quarter. paid weekly, splendid opening; specimens free.—Address Compo Works, learnworth, Bolton, Lanes.

(.2 ANITARY INSPECTOR'S EXAMINATIONS.—ReIiaIoIe Ai COACH. For full particulars and tuition fees write, SANITARY INSPECTOR, 178, Borough-road, Birkenhead.

WANTED, 10,009 SUNLIGHT and LIFEBUOIC Soap Wrappers. 10. dozen given. C. FOXLEY, 18 Bel- grave Square, Beigrave-street, Birmingham.

VNT AR MRDALS Wanted. old or modern, high prices offered. description to COLLECTOR, 27, Sycamore-road, Handsworth, Staffordshire.

‘OI3ACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send 1 for our Price List. Competition deIIed.—GOLDBERCI'B, Paradise-it. Liverpool. Established 1850.

WANTED, a YOUTH, about 18, of good character; must Y te good writer. Salary and Commission. Good opening for one not afraid of work.—Address "W. J.,' Examiner Office, Warrington.

Ciiuratton.

apartments,Scurntbeb 3Pottst, Szt.

egg% Pouttrp, &r.

EGGS, golden Wyandottes. Abbot's direct, 55.. n sitting, free.-ItEcTon, Wolverton. Stratton t-on-A.von.

OIR SITTING (12) pure lIOUDAN EGGS, from French fowls. 3. 9d., irriage HOUCI6 Oxford.

PHEASANTS' EGGS FOR SALE.— For price list with testimonials apply COWLEY' Bwos., Game Farm, Mawde sley, Ormskirk.

DUNCHING. SIIIiAnING MACHINKS. large quantity, L all sizes; Flyina•-out Presses.—Grirus, Midland Works, Travis-street, Manchester.

OTTErS UNLABELLED STRONG FEAIAL PILLS. quickly and Certainly remove ali ' obstructions arising from any cause whatever. Invaluable for married women. Post free, under rover for 14, and 33 stamps. from TLumlls OTTET, Chemist. 8i.172T014-ON-TRIIIT Estee mention thispaper MVOS RWSTEE IRAS TEL AND PENNI-ROTA

IftWtHantous.

JONES FEMALE PILLS "a sa'e remedy" in boxes le. ltd. each —Joxes, 51, Buttermarket-street.

RAllThElO.lpEedFolllbfilkeNtlynfoßbelttyraofnro;lark2fte.otoD6ufrt: Dur- ham.

I NFLUNNZA.—Send li, 3(1. for late Sir Morel! McKenzie's I genuine PRESCRIPTION.—J. STEWART, North Dock, hwansea.

TOR SALE. REFUSE SALT, N ner ton. Glauber Salt 10s. per ton. Bags 2d. each, W. A. BISHOP and Co., Dial Mills, Warrington. siATAPULTS Extraordinarily powerful. Rabbits, Birds V easily killed. Satisfaction guaranteed, Is.. Is. 6d., 2s. 6d. post free.—fterz, Mutford Bridge, Lowestoft.

ANY PER bON'S character oorructly t, Id from ow nh writing or photo. Fes Am( WOOD, Wi oheap Canterbury,

STAMME RING- Cured. Any person afflictid thus will do well to consult R. KIRBY, White Bridge Cottage, Newton- le-Willows, personally or by lcter.

IN SALE, MANURB WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbythire.—Apply to J. HOSING, 16, Fenwiek-Street. Liverpool.

IvITRITING BITRAORDINA BY!! Bad writing rapidly V improved by my Noted Postal System. Trial lesson, Is.—Protessor WATgrNs, Speciali, t, Syclendam.

STAMP COLLECTORS.

Try Our PACKBT OF STAMPS; sure to give satisfaction ; price Is. Id. by post. Wholesale and Retail Lists Free, Large Sto2k of Rarities on hand, We Buy old Foreign Stamps, loose or in books], on envelepes or other %i.e. Old tam •' c.l Envelopes Bought, Tllll LIVERPOOL STAMP CO.,

HENSHAW.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
cm, EXAM INEE. SATURDAY MARCH 9. 1895.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Aligrellantous.

650 MOLBSKINS for Sale, Splendid Condition.— Apply O. DICKINSON, Wineter, Windermere.

Etbe=tork, Su.

Cheap Good bred PIGS, carriage paid,from healthy Bedford- shire Sties, from 14s. by R. D • GARRATT, Barton, Ampthill, Particulars sent.

DOG OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and retail.—HALL. 53. Paradise-street. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
RIIPTIJRE.

RUI'I'UR E.

JA SHERMAN, Hernia Spvialist, notifies those who are axious to consult him and secure his method for relief and ture, thst his NEW-OFFICES IN MANCHESTER are at 19. MomeT-srenta, where he may be consulted daily until further notiee.. Remember J. A. Sherman is the Author the SHERMAN MBTHOD, arid that Thousands during the past forty years have, threugt his care and treatment. been restored to normal soundness. Remember, also. that JA. ie the only SHBRMAN who has effected the wonderful Cures in Great Britain sines 1887. Remember J. A. Sherman' Cham- bers are at 19, MOUNT STEigET, opp.)site tiie Central Railway Station, Manchester; and finally, remember that JA. Sherman's Book Rupture is sent post free. 7d., and that a greater portion of his book is nsed to make a book published by another party, calculated to confuse and mislead the afflicted as to experience, ability and success. Also remember that the Illustrated B )olc advertised by the other party con- tains no case but those treated and cured by J. A. Sherman Truth is what the afflicted seeking relief, want for a guide Note the adores', 19, MOUNT-ST., Upposita 'CENTRAL STATION, RADICIINSTER.

Aalts bp Zurtlon.

OAtrunonp.

A NNUAL

STOCKTAKING SALE

OF ALL

WINTER STOCK

MEN'S OVEIiCO.kTS

ALL NEW SHAPES.

YOUTHS' OVERCOATS

ALL NEW SHAPES.

Bois' OVERCOATS

ALL NEW SHAPES.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
AND ALL SURPLUS STOCK OF

GENT'S TROUSERS,

AND ODD VESTS,

REDUCTIONS

. FROM

, 4/- TO IOF IN THE R.

ALL THE GOODS are our own make, from which will

be found some Real Bargains. SALE FOR 28 DAYS.

MANCIIESTER TAILORING AND

CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & 10, HORSEMI REET,

MERE have been several impor- Parliament. Bills in tant legislative proposals laid _

before Parliament within the last few days. The Factory Bill which Mr. ASQUITH explained to the House of Commons on Friday night, marks another important step forward in the protection ef the health and limbs of the workpeople of this country. The Bill does not introduce any new principle of legislation, but in a variety of ways it will strengthen and extend the Factory Acts which have at various times been passed, by Parliament. After this Bill becomes law laundries, docks, building operations, bake- houses; and what are known as tenement factories, will be brought much more than they have hitherto been under the control of Government inspection, and there will be more stringent regu- lations with regard to the carrying on of danger- ous trades. The necessity for reforms in regard to all these matters has been abundantly proven time after time, by evidence given before Royal Commissions and in other ways and it is expected that Mr. AsOurru will have support from both sides of the House of Commons for his proposals. Among the pro- visions of the Bill are many which though not startling in themselves will work a quiet and beneficial revolution in many quarters. For in- stance, in future all operatives will have to be allowed in their working places a minimum of 250 cubic feet of air, and of 400 cubic feet when work- ing overtime, and where artificial light is used even a larger minimum space may be demanded. Further securities against fires may be enforced by the inspectors through the medium of the magistrates; and when accidents do happen in factories or workshops the Home Office may order an inquiry just as it does now in the case of coal-mines. " Out-work," that is to say, the practice which prevails in some trades of giving out work to be done at home, is to be dealt with. The practice will not be altogether pro- hibited, but when it is found by an inspector that the work is being done under unsatisfactory con- ditions, he may give notice of the fact to the em- ployer, and the employer will then become respon- sible if he continues to give out work to be done in the objectionable place. The working overtime of "young persona" will be prohibited, and the amount of time that women natty work overtime will be considerably reduced ; and at the same time it will be made illegal to give out home work to children employed in factories or workshops, or to women and young persons employed in a factory for full time, or to employ in shops women or young persons who have already done a day's work in the factory. In other more or less important details the Bill will affect the relationship of employer and em- ploy, and it will when it becomes law be another strong and useful link in the already pretty long chain of factory legislation which has been forged during the present century.

Another very important measure was brought into the House of Commons on Tuesday by Mr, JonN MORLEY, the Irish Secretary. We allude,l of course, to the now Irish Land Bill. This Bil is intended to continue the policy of Mr. GLAD- STONE'S Land Act of 1881, and to remedy some defects in that Bill which have been taken advantage of by ingenious lawyers and partial land commissioners, to the detriment of the tenants. The original Act fixed a term of fifteen years during which the tenants were to enjoy their "fair rents," but the new Act will fix the term at ten years. It has been found that fifteen years is too long a term to fix definitely in advance at a time when the price of agricultural produce fluctuates so rapidly, and all the changes, in prices for some years past have told heavily against the tenants. The Bill will also provide the tenants with better security for their improve- ments than they have hitherto enjoyed, and it will likewise seek to do something for the evicted tenants. This Bill has had a mixed reception in

Parliament. The Irish landlords and their sym- pathisers are, as usual, dead against it, but it is clear that they can not on this occasion rely upon the undivided support of the Unionist party. A serious factor in the situation so far as the Union- ists are concerned, is the fact that the Ulster farmers whether Orangemen,Liberal Unionists or Nationalists are almost unanimously in favour of Mr. MORLEY.S proposals. At numerous meetings they have passed resolutions in favour of "the bill, the whole bill and nothing but the bill," or if they have introduced any variant upon this old political battle-cry it has been in favour of making the bill even more strongly in favour of the tenant. Under these circumstances, the Union- ists are bound to pause before they unreservedly take up the cause of the landlords, and on the whole the bill stands an excellent chance of becom- ing law without serious inutilation.

GENERAL Boone who has just cow' General Booth n America. pleted a tour in Canada and the i United States, has had no reason to complain of his reception the other side of the Atlantic. His meetings have been large and enthusiastic and they have been attended by the leading citizens of the towns in which they were held. At Toronto the Chancellor of the Victorian University, who pre- sided, described the GENERAL as a modern apostle, the lineal and worthy successor of RueAnne' LOYOLA, MARTIN LI7TIIER, GEORGE Fox, and JOHN WESLRY, and even, it is said, went so far as to declare that he was greater than any of these. At Quebec,wkich is overwhelmingly Roman - Catholic, he was cordially received, and the ban- quet in his honour was attended by a number of French Catholics, including a prominent member of the Government. At Ottawa he was met by the vice-regal carriage and driven off in state to. Lord ABERDEEN'S official residence. In the United States, General Bower's visit was the- occasion of enthusiastic. manifestations, not only in centres of population where the Salvation Army is strong, but also at the Universities of Harvard, Chicago and Boston. It would appear from an interview which is published in the London "Daily Chronicle" that the main objects of General Boom's visit to the western world were, in the first place, to establish a "full scheme of social salvation for Darkest America," and, in the second place, to make arrangements for an "over--- sea colony" in Canada. With regard to the first of these projects ho declares that the social prob- lem is practically the sante in America as in Eng- - land. America has its paupers, its tramps, and - its vicious and criminal classes in whose interest the Salvation Army has established shelters and r. rescue homes. When asked in what direction he proposed to develop his social work, the GENERAL replied, "1 purpose organising a training college for social workers for all parts of the world. Dur- ing the last few weeks we have had applications from Amsterdam, Copenhagen and Stockholm for officers to organise special work on Darkest Eng- land lines. We have already 1,159 officers wholly devoted to social work." As to the establishment of the projeeted training college, the Chief of the •'" Salvationists exhibits the same qualities of faith. and energy which have carried him so far. "1 shall," he says, "appeal for men and women of all classes of society to offer themselves for training. lam convinced that there are thousands of men and women awaiting a call to a new crusade. They want a vocation, and they do not foil called upon to preach." And in support of this- argument he instanced a case that had come under his notice iu America. At one of his meet- ings a leading judge had taken the chair, and after the meeting ho found that the judge's daughter was one of the " slum sisters " of the Salvation Army. Such cases, General BO9TII declares, are becoming increa-dngly numerous amongst the Salvationists. On the sabject of the "over-sea colony" the General was inert) reserved, though, he declares that he will yet " astonish the world with that scheme. In reading between the lines of what he has to say on this subject it seems-evident that the Canadian Government has not jumped at the idea of having colonies Of the " submerged tenth" of London established in that Dominion.

The shareholders who attended the half-yearly meeting of the Ship Canal Company last week must have heard the Chairman's speech with mixed feelings. It would be satisfactory to them to learn that the traffic on the Canal c tntinues to grow. The receipts in the Second all ot last year showed an increase on those of the first half, and this is, of course, a fact of considerable significance. It indicates that the Canal has beeu found navigable and that it is ;4radually attracting traflit% On the t),,q• band, ti•ere are some serious fivaucial difficul- ties to te-in,i; ill the immediate future, There ist Au instanoe, ;Ise iisterest to he paid on the deben- cute. leans uteiuding the large sutus advanced by the Manchester Corporation. It is said that last year's revenue of .£90,000 will have to be increased about five-fold to cover the interest on these loans and the working expenses alone. These ohligat,ons cannot, be met with the balance of capital still in hand, for that is nearly all required for other purposes. It was not explained to the meeting how the directorS intended to meet these diffieuities, but it is evid- ently expected that the Manchester Corporation will prove an indulgent creditor.

We notice that at the meeting a Mr. Leigh en- tered a" strong protest "against the action of. War- rington, and suggested that Warrington should be be informed that while it " might injure, that it could not ultimately hinder tee development of the Cana3.7 This gentleman is mistaken if he thin there is any desire in Warrington either to injure' or hinder the development of the Canal, but at the same time Warrington has a few important rights which it is absolutely essential to safeguard. Fro° 1 the report of the last meeting of the Rivers' Com- mittee which appears in another column, it appears ~ that the Ship Canal directors have got hold of the ':•:,, idea that they have done all they are under an Or ligation to do in connection with the dredging or the river which has been so long in operation. in . their opinion the dredging is completed, and that the Warrington traders who had the right of using the Ship Canal while this dredging was being car- ried out, will have at once to remove their traf6o-- like people on sufferance—and once more pIY ti? and down what the direetors probably imagine Is a wide, deep, and majestic stream, Perhaps they are not aware that since the supposed completion of their dredging operations, two flats, drawing little more than 6ft of water, suceeeded in embeddinl their keels in the channel of the river. That is 00t evidence likely to persuade the Warrington WO° that the dredging has been thoroughly and effitia ently carried out. The Rivers' Committee sh°lll ‘etY have all the support that can be given them as th are defending a very important Warrington intere.,

Salford is setting a!2 example which other tow.° on the banks of the Mersey and its tributaries would do well to copy. The C irporation hale secured a steamer which will take all their sewaget down tlie Ship Canal to te,a utiles beyond the ad the mouth of the Mereey, where it. will be eolPtle

; , , . *t , , ,`... . ~ , , , , , ~ , ~. , , • , Plir , ..,,. ..,-, , 1 ..

let° the sea. The river will therefore in a short tittle be freed from the task of taking the Salford sewage to the sea,and will be much less polluted in consequence. But Salford is only one among a Rreat number of towns and cities which offend in this respect. It would be good news indeed if Man- chester, Bolton, Bury, Rochdale, Stockport, and— Warrington followed the example of Salford. How- ever as a start is being made Ly one town, there is !hope and prospect that some if not all the remain- !rig towns will follow suit. It j to be hoped that the state of the river and the canal too will be bet- this ummer than it was last, for it was simply tbotainable at times.

Setae Of the Parish Councils around Warrington :re at present in a state of activity. Meetings have een held far more frequently than was at first in- tended , and in many cases when viewed by an out- they afford considerable amusement. Most the interest is centred in the attitude of Little wa.illteV, Latchford Without, and Appleton 41t11 regard to the proposed extension of the tecZ°llo. Little Sankey, who were opposed to the ev'eree tooth and nail at its initiation have come 0 " ill a body to the seductive proposals of the :Aeration, while Latchford Without. who held a seleting on Thursday night, seem to be of the same ti'lli°l3. At the latter place the portion for which otei Corporation have developed acquisitive propen- -0.:8 is. that on the north side of the Ship Canal, "hleilk would come into some very desirable ' an tages.

--- Zile amateur photographers of Warrington do th".°llPear to be very enthusiastic at present in 14:tit hobby, to judge from the attendance at the lts .two Meetings of the Amateur Photographic etetY• Perhaps the cold weather has cooled their trio„ ctins't! and if that be the case, no doubt as the sun Power, its genial rays will restore their ti"donsiasm. It is a matter of regret, however, that tha_ members do not make a greareffort to attend well know, a „t "a Monthly meetings, for as they _ w, % n till . titte„,, lug is not very pleasant to the few o i uu• The society s in a good position financi- italiti has also a capital lot of "property," and ,t ;11 needs a little more enthusiasm en the par , members to become a prosperous society. :lila election of three county councillors for War- t i l;tllßt°Yl has not produced very widespread nterest- laueire is in fact very little interest taken in county _et a -nes% The three gentlemen who have tteved their term upon the County Council have all ka a returned unopposed, and no doubt the large tOrit • Y of the electors did not even know that an was pending. This appears to be the case t,:181°Bt everywhere. There are scarcely any con tr„ted elections either in Lancashire or Cheshire. I,o7trington ought now to be a county berougih ;nfo: "en the County Councils' Act was passed, t 4citled that every borough with 50,000 inbalntas htcl °Pwards should be formed into a county °llgb few • Unfortunately Warrington was a f n .11 l' ridred, short of 50,000 at the time of the passing e the Act, and. did not, therefore, obtain the prav 47RonAes of a county borough. Tnere are now about inhabitants, and the town is one of the tlaaon-county boroughs in England. It is get- it ~"'ale that some revision should be made, andin e..°1111(1 he to the advantage of Warrington coy-4' teaPeets if it were promoted to the rank of borough,. At th,, Coat annual dinner of the Warrington Blue „ hi "irtil°ol the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton unburdeneodf t° Boma tune upon the Disestablishment dr:,:,,tigliah Church in Wales. He has a wholesome a.R-74 of fanaticism—that is when it is directed the Church h. He, however, appears to e of ,11-" with a little of that complaint himself,on v to iicairse it is on the other side. He ought surely Werefil,ejefr this question alone while the guests he ti,— 31°R themselves at a dinner. Howeveri, for aunderea his anathemas against Mr. Asquit ao,.,24tinß to attack the Church, and characterised i the eBt(thiish aPeeches made by supporters of (Es- %on tZth "t " cant." There is a little too much Whsja e other side, a good many people think, th in among other things, a Conservative member e the' p • "e Of Commons expressed hislhorror .that ta "e Minister of this Christian countr:% to raise , his hand against the Christianity au had bad oeen the glory of this country for ages; Wal,4lB° of another who described the Church in tbat 4as" the aPlendid inheritance of the poor of care country." It is singular how little the poor Churetthii°nt their "splendid inheritance,', for the Wklea 8 Pre-eminently the Church of the rich in tilalor• tht'' lower classes are, by a tremendous teraeluithS' I\Ten-contormists. Mr. Carleton should illiolte,:er that there is a good deal more cant "' On his side than on the other. The the t tiriea appear now-a-days to be ashamed of :Ile bine," of which they used to be so proud tid ;4"am" times all their placards were in the good ned colour, but no v, blue is conspicuous Nleci Ltluil!ence. Perhaps it is the alliance with so ttetid' --rill' Unionists, which has caused this. At -• tilet°-e the change dates from about the time ileti4r,eat Split. The colour they now appear to chue° ; Perilously near the Liberal line, it being 4,tirette." This was the colour in which they afore ci—eci the last Primrose meeting, and now they i° det,,°tie the same with the meeting on Monday ia to of the English Co urch in Wales, which Areli intents and purposes a Tory meeting' ei,lninkte Tories a nxious to appear in a Liberal "ear „ et because their own past character won't `hinination ?

124PERIAL PARLIMENT. (Continued from page 6.) • THURSDAY. ..... fa ti, „jAiiRZ BALFOUR'S EXTRADITION. tIOOSO of Commons on Thursday evening .N.lr. make incuAaneira t",, did -•,t,., j -,u Mr, JEFFagys that he :t.lanfit for hut. ian food -"Ned export from the United Statss cid- '‘nrilent - --r. OttLsoN, ...Ar .. and de- -4.. it)k at were rean- .. desirous of considering Bticlleci I:r° M 1" *Q• w rancourer said the .alte oh ~aa earlY date wliat action they ttee on Pen4l - ude repcirt c . rtmental ,C3MMI s. 008 a" t , f the Dena would tle.able to eacners, REDMOND wneth rtaitconaT deli ed to inform Mr. J. Spirit duly. nd ' "ehld nded to renew the additional sin a be intro- -need be not say whether the Budget would The I°l.e or Eats Easter set_ 1.11..105.. .r. Committee en the Civil ti,., vlce tsti °. again went into CoMin' incurred in connec- 0,- 4 With 114teS, and the expense& further EaCape f j BALFOUR were. .. had triad, &Ir. o ABU f question time MARTIN at the close 0 bntly ee:ied that tile Debeuture (34,roorati'll or any tthe et,tintinected with that company had any interest in cv t?, tharola2eil absence of Baia-one. Repl no Ying ;re D,-,-- want of energy on y in this matter that at ti-i., of the G3vernm'erit' Sir R. Ham said materi 1-,:e time of 13ALIFOLitt''S 'flight there was no that ;,"'iet'Y lila ,„availalole for against him, and ri‘,.) roceedin.s again i 'ln tiro 4nher of the Uoverome4 heartily desire:. to si_ JUstiee. Oglit 1.. -ack to take his trial before a court o! uovethit° E. GREY said Use point on which the Etia,,s Other hist - ethaste d the:2PM should concentrate their e!tiork a w ' ti()uld he no delay Ra h• , in finishing the na Ls'otirr in Argentina OW> .way or the fart ' 4,‘,.;••• there Would- t; no reluctance oa the that -, Her \I . , ' G,verninent to peas diplortM. 11r 'c4j'tYs ~A that ordinary iiiicaild4,.,-0 interc.Otir'sll-"Wi'litill ktLlAlNAre"enti on Gov...ruinent, an protest ipro)teest .:4nould go ;rem this 4i.rgentirie-a,lung clear t,', the world tht conduct of UT. ”ility f()-- 'nverninent, sir H. GREY said the respoili!e akr4entittie nth° detention oh Batrocit must rest on .th_ ;ct pcs,n;APPublie. Her Majfsty's (Ivernment thee .11 !ratio 'Y vexercise any administrative peyr( ro I ~101, „et? to reduce the vote was then rejected y_ 167 itself ~,. after some further discusgion the vote. ss ISIPt:I4CI, 153' 131 tO 57. Votes for the relief of distress liaied i 4 and for education in England and Wales he rest of the sitting. 1f441 t7la XACRlMRS.—Gatiwain, Ironmonger, Wart-

in th elk 411 tha care Walt 17actit, rette IPOI4 thTh t 'Or old f • Y it, coned , 4111, -‘• 'tltt ch 'R cho role ettise d tle,„ °tit t,'en4t 11 i eh, 'ue be,r4tte r atti /9.1,4 th :41 •=4 —° 4bN If tp, • I'4 I/I,f Int° tl t 411; "anfit ‘tiklYttBtltriTned tai,l,tik at ent Dehhioe ttn ea' si en, he rei *hal; te hlic,°Re du,-uahl lute° Ted b,,tot `-416e ih,t4h*a a''t! ad tied ese deki' Mr f' coa,cd th. cqtt:4octedat a charlottes' Ica, of tEI at ~ tne }I aV trtnel4-able N' of ttk e. tl t ther"‘"llt dßahl: ohoTlitt' ktiti t LALF of th, " Pch„, MPr N{C nrott' " M n't interrCi ;r; oletv 10 y ("ovels tlea vi the ,rtilnelt alsie /top ('etenti Pcnr tvot.a"cloe Lllass4 ottreee"ace t reland by 13tnr‘sln% Pled th and f e reat OTthde - 14/tin w CHIC

===== 0002601_18950309_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WARRING

===== 0002601_18950309_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SUCCESSFUL STUDENT. Mr. Arthur Handley,son of Mr. Thomas Handley,J.2., r erncliffe,Higher Runcorn, passed the recent Cambridge local examination. He is being educated at Silcoates school, near Wakefield. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS. At the meeting of this class on Wedry-sday evening, Mr. James Leach. jun., initiated a discussion on " Mer- rie England." Mr. T. Simister occupied the chair. There was a good attendance. An animated debate ensued.

- FORTHCOMING CONTENTION AT RUNCORN. Particulars will be found in an advertisement in an- other column of a Christian Endeavour Convention to be held at Runcorn on Wednesday, in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, in connection with the Warrington and district association of the Y.P.S.C.E.

MARINERS' CHURCH, IRRELL-LANE. The sixth of a series of popular free concerts was given ia the above place by the members of the choir,on Monday evening to a crowded audience, when an excel- lent programme was rendered in grand style. The chief aim of the promoters is to make them a counter attrac- tion to the public-house. U.M. FREE CHURCH MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT Crass. At the weekly meeting of this class the Rev. J.Stafford introduced a debate on " Welsh disestablishment," and speeches were made by Messrs. Gandy, Beatty, Scragg, Fowler, and W. Cooke. Mr. F. A. Clarke presided. CAMDEN WESLEYAN CHURCH. On Saturday evening, through the kindness of Mr. P. Speakman, and Mr. F. J. Norman, the workers at the above church partook of an excellent tea. Mesdames Harrison, Atkin, Rathbone, Tomlinson and Birkett, pre- sided at the tables. The Rev. W. George presided at the subsequent proceedings, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. H. Tite, Messrs. J. W. Baxley, F. J. Nor- man, P. Speakman. R. H. Posnett, Parker, and Heath. DEATH OF MR. W. DARRINUTON, FORMERLY OF RUNCORN. The death of Mr. W. Harrington, formerly of Green- way-road, Runcore,took place at the residence of his son at Hanley-, on the first inst. For several years Mr. Harrington was employed as an engineer at the Runcorn Soap and Alkali Works, and afterwards became an elec- trical engineer on the steamship Majestic, belonging to the White Star Line. About ten months ago he met with an accident while engaged in his duties, and has since been incapacitated and latterly bedridden. He was 58 years of age. His remains were committed to the grave at Hanley, on Tuesday, and there were present from Runcorn Messrs. E. Meadowcroft, T. Price and J. Capper. Sr. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS. Mr. B. Kniveston presided at the weekly meeting of this class on Sunday afternoon. There was a good attendance. The address was delivered by Mr. W. Williams. Mr. B. Crosby sang as a solo "Waft ye Angels "from Jephtha, and Mr. W. Cooke who accom- panied on the organ, gave a sole on that instrument.

_ SUDDEN DEATII OF A CHILD. The six months' old son ot Mr. Lyon, 16, Grosvenor- street, died suddenly on Tuesday night. It appeared that at about ten o'clock on Tuesday morning, the child was put to bed by its mother. She went to look at him at four o'clock in the afterneon, and found him black in the face, with every appearance of having had a fit. Dr. McKenzie was called in, but the child died at ten o'clock the same night. An inquest will be held (to-day) Friday. CAMDEN WESLIMAN BAND OT Flores. On Monday there was a very interesting and success- ful gathering in connection with the Camden We,leyan Band of Hope. The efforts of the members of the Band were very much appreciated, and consisted of solos, duets and choruses by the choir, and a number of thoroughly good recitations. Mr. James Taylor,of Rydal Mount presided,and the Rev.W. George gave an address. Mr. Beckett and Mr. Harrison proposed and seconded a vote of thanks to the Chairman. GALLANT RUNCORN SEAMEN. The Liverpool Shipwreck and Humane Society have passed a vote of thanks to Captain George P. Hardley, as Cecil, of Runcorn, for having, on the night of the ech February, while proceeding to sea by the Rock and Horse Channel, picked up two men who formed the crew of the flat,Clara, which vessel had been wrecked on the West Hoyle Bank, and the men, escaping in their own small boat, had been buffet d about by the sea, had been wet through for five hours and were almost dead with cold and exhaustion. A vote of thanks and 40s. to Mr. John Edwards, mate of the Cecil, for having gone into the Clara's punt and made ropes fast to the two men by which they were hauled on board, a work of difficulty and danger, as the Cecil being in a ballast, rolled a good deal, and the punt was in danger of being capsized by the steamer's rudder.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Sr. JOHN'S CHURCH, RUNCORN.

A tea and entertainment took place in the schoolroom on Wednesday, in connection with the ladies' sewing class. A large number partook of tea. Afterwards, under the presidency of the Rev. J. P. Williams, pastor, a programme was gone through consisting of songs by Mrs. Temperley, Miss Hayes, and Mr. Charleston. A mandoline duet was given by the Misses Warburton, and a trio by Mrs. Richardsou, Mrs. Burn, and Mr. A. Thomas. A "speaking bee" caused much laughter, and the trio by Messrs. A. Robinson, M. Thomas, and T. Charleston was encored. SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. Mr. W. Shaw presided a„t the weekly entertainment at this institute, on Tuesday evening. There was a large attendance. An interesting programme was gone through. Songs were given by Mr. A. Price and Mr. J. Ackerley. Mr. Hulse and Miss F. Shaw recited, and Mr. rßyfield contributed a reading. A musical sketch was also rendered by Mr. Joshua Nall. A few songs were, in addition, sung by sailors. The usual votes of thanks were passed at the conclusion. SUDDEN DEATH OE • CHILD. At Buacorn Police Station on Friday afternoon, Mr. J. E. Worsley held an inquest on the body of Mary Owen, Si infant, three days old, daughter of James H. I Owen, chemical labourer, 6, Briscoe-street, Runcorn, who died suddenly on Thursday morning. The father ' stated that a doctor had not been in attendance on tilt mother. Mrs. Pye, midwife, was present at the birth. The (1 ceased was a " twin" and she became nouvulsi•es about hour before death.—Mrs. Pye, certified mid- wife, deposed that the child was weakly, but did not suffer from any particular ailment.—Dr. Robinson stated that he had seen the child, and premature birth , was the cause of death. Medical attendance would not have saved the child. I verdict in accordance with the medical [testimony was returned. THE LATE MRS. CriADWICIC.—THR FUNERAL. The rt mains of Mrs. W. H. Chadwick, Leinster Gar- dens, whose death was reported in our last issue, were interred in the family grave in the Bethesda Congrega- tional Church burial ground on Friday afternoon. , Among those present were Mr. W. H. Chadwick (hus- band), Messrs. J. 8., Harold, and Wycliffe Chadwick (sons), Mr. Robert Silcock (son-in-law),Mr. John Charles Helme (Stafford), Mrs. Holm° (sister-in-law), Miss Chadwick (sister-in-law), Messrs. T. Handley, J.P., F. Beck Taylor (Stalybridee), J. J. Speakman. William Handley, F. Kirkham (Northwich),T. Gibson (Stafford), C. Holt, and S. Walton. On the coffin were several beautiful wreaths forwarded by husband and loving children, Harrold and Bessie, Bob and Pollie' Mr. and Mrs. Holrne and family, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Speakinan, IL Broome (Birkenhead), S. and L. Ibbotson (Sheffield), Jessie and Lizzie (St. Helens Junction), Mrs. Kirkham and family,John and Emmie.R. and J.Holme (Sheffield), Aunt Letitia and Maggie. The Rev- J. Simpson con- ducted the funeral service. THE DISTRESS IN RUNCORN. The milder weather which has prevailed during the week has mitigated to some extent the distress which has for so long existed in the town. The Bridgewater canal is now navigable, and in consequence the boat- people are following their usual avocations. It has, therc,fore been found unnecessary to continuo the soup kitchen at the Seamen's Institute. The Runcorn Co- operative Society supplied about 800 persons with a dinner on Sunday last. Free breakfasts are still being given at the Greenwayqoad Board schools, National schools, Church-st., and at the Wesleyan schools. At these latter schools dinners have also been provided. The subscriptions received during the week include : : United Alkali Co., £lO per week to end of month ' • Mr. T. Walker, £5 ; Messrs. Reckitt and Sons, 10s. 6d. ; and Messrs. W. and R. Jacob, 104. The last of the free teas organised by Miss Preston and her sister for poor , children was held on Monday evening in Trinity school- room. About 100 children were present. Mr. David Smith assisted to amuse them. Selections were given ley the Ragged school drum and five band. Dr. Preston presided. FRODSHAIL

THE RELIEF COMMITTEE—At a meeting; of this commit- tee, Mr. Charles Reynolds, J.P., in the chair, it was decided that no further meeting be held to consider applications for help unless the very severe weather returns. The committee met eight times, and orders have been granted on various local tradesmen for food and coal amounting to the sum of £lO3, which had been cheerfully contributed by those who look after the inter- ests of the poorer members of the community. PAIWCIIIAL COMMITTRE.--At the monthly meeting of this committee, Mr. U. E. Heywood presiding, Mr. J. M. Williams moved that the resolution passed in November last which had reference to the building lino in Church- screac, Frodsham, be rescinded, and on the same being put to the meeting five voted in favour of it and seven against it, whereupon Mr. W. E. Shore moved that the minutes stand good in the minutes of the committee, and on this being put to the meeting seven voted in favour aim five against. The Clerk reported that the District Council had referred the minute with regard to Mr. J. W. Rothwell's property in Church•street back to the Parochial Committee for hither consideration. After a long discussion it was resolved to adhere to the resolu- tion previously passed, that Mr. Rothwell be called upon to erect such property in accordance with the plans pre- pared for and approved by the Parochial Committee. The Inspector of Nuisances submitted a lorag report upon premises in Frodshatn without a proper water supply, when the eoealre er-lorg VV^r. mad•. with ri.sr,,,t thereto. tie minutes were appwvei.: tb‘3 Rural Council on Tuesday.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1895.

RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held at the Town Hall, Runcorn, on Thursday morning. Mr. E. Imison, JP., occupied the chair, and there were also present: Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., F. Wiswall, H. J. Grine, J. Pritchard, R. H. Posnett, D. Bisbrewn, G. H. Kirkham, J. Wilson, G. Hewitt, T. Dean, W. M. Williams, M. Sweetman, J. W. Lightburn, Dr. Gastaldi, And Mr. F. A. Lake (law- clerk), Mr. E.Marshall (secretary), and Mr. Barker (bur- veyor). THE RADICAL oFrican's REPORT.

Dr. McDougall in his report stated that the number of deaths registered during the past month amounted to 20. Five deaths were due to bronchitis,two to senile decay, four to premature birth, and One each to heart disease, inflammation of wind pipe, convulsions, diphtheria, intestinal haemorrhage, and kidney disease. At the present estimated population the above twenty deaths snowed an average death rate of 1206. Eight were infants under twelve months. Sixty births "ere registered for the month of February and 58 for January of this year. Mr. Speakman said the report WAS very satisfactory.—The Chairman said he thought it was quite phenomenal.—Dr. McDougall said it had been for the last fourteen or fifteen months very satisfactory in- deed.—The report WAS adopted.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN LIBERAL CLUB.

"THE LIBERAL PROGRAMME AND THE LABOUR PROBLEMS."

Under the auspices of the Runcorn Liberal Club, a lecture was given in the Primitive Methodist school- room, Greenway-road, on Wednesday evening, by Mr. J. W. S. Collie, secretary of the Financial Reform Ass°. ciatian, Liverpool, on ' rhe Liberal Programme and 1 the Labour Problems." The chair was occupied by Mr. G. H. Kirkham, and he was supported on the platform by Mr. A. R. Norman, Mr. J. Clarke, and Mr. T. Dean. There was a fair attendance. The Chairman made a few introductory remarks and called upon Mr. Collie to deliver his lecture. At the outset he spoke of the importance of the subject, and stated that there ought to be no discussion on the labour problems at this date on the 3.9 th century, considering the pro- gress made in science, invention, and commerce. He referred to the fact that one in eleven of the population required relief ; one out of six deaths took place in a public institution; and one out of three over 65 years of age was living in the workhouse, so that side by side with progress they had destitution and poverty. He was going to try to show that in the Liberal programme , they could 'hnd a solution of labour problems. He asked them to bring pressure upon the Govern- ment to carry out its plans. They must begin with the lower classes and try to elevate , them, for in so doing they would beneit every class of' 1 workers. He proceeded to deal with individualism versus socialism, stating that there was no hard and fast line between the two. Private property in land was the cause of the evil and he quoted extensively from n Merrie Inland," and criticised the arguments contained in the book. If they got free access to the land then many things they were striving for would become practicable and possible. The first step for them to take was to break down the land monopoly upon which others were based. Unless they did that they could not benefit the people of this country. At present although:a labourer upon the land might pro- duce sufficient to keep himselt in comfort, he had to keep the owner, pay the parson in the shape of tithes, supply the taxes oh the Government, and then keep a share as his own. So long as they had a private owner of land they had a man who could sap up everything from the labourer. If they could break down the monopoly in land it would give an impetus to trade, wages would be raised, and the unemployed would be absorbed. They could do it by the radical programme if they had unity of action. He then referred to the allotments question and the excessive amount charged for artisans dwellings through high ground rent. He asked them to loyally support the present Government and not go in for another party, as it would throw back all great reforms. Nothing was to be gained by the splitting up of the Liberal party. (Loud applause.) A short discussion ensued. Mr. Kniveton proposed the following resolution :—" That this meeting urges the Chancellor of the Exchequer to include the taxation of land values in his forthcoming Budget." The Rev. J. Stafford seconded, and it was carried. The usual votes of thanks having been passed, the meeting terminated.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH

TEA MEETING.

A most succsssful, and perhaps the best attended annual congregational tea meeting in connection with Bethesda Congregational Church, Runcorn, was hell in the schoolroom on Wednesday evening. The platform had been decorated for the occasion with coloured drapery lent by Mr.Steele,and the decorations wereearr- ied out by the Misses Heatherineton and Mr. Evans. An excellent tea was provided,the 'trays " for which were given by :—Mr. T. Jones, Mrs. and Miss Richardson, Mrs. Forrester, Mrs. Rhodos, Mrs. Hedley, Mr. and Miss Temperley, Miss Robb, Mrs. W. Cooke, Mr. and Mrs. Ackerley, Miss Clayden,Messrs. T. Handley, W. Handley J. J. Speakman, S. Walton, J. B. Chadwick, W. H. Chadwick, C. Holt, T. Taylor, J. Lunt, Cringhall and Temple. After tea the room was prepared for the sub- sequent proceedings which were presided over by the Rev. J. Simpson (pastor). The programme opened with a pianoforte solo by Miss Forrester, and it was followed by several songs, instrumental solos, and a recitation given by Miss A. Rogers. The soloists were Miss Heather. ington, Miss Wright, Mr. Gowanlock, Mr. J. Lunt, Mr. George Lacy, and Master J. L. Lunt. A violin solo " Blue Bells " was performed by Mr. W. Lunt, and Mr. P. Cartwright provided a concertina solo entitled " Gloria." A duet " List to the Convent Bells " was sung by the Misses Temple. The accompanist was Mr. William Cooke. A dialogue with the title " His Mother-in-law " was an attractive feature of the programme and it was taken part in by the Misses Ashwoieh, fleatherington, E. and J. Stone, and Messrs. Ainsworth, Johnson, Outhwaite and E. R. Roberts.—The Rev. Samuel Handley delivered a brief address. At the outset he referred to his old associations with that place of worship. The old school, he knew so well forty years ago and more, now existed ne longer. In that Sunday school he went through the various classes and eventually became teacher. He could recall many familiar names of men whom it was once a pride for Bethesda to hold as is inambers. He then proceeded to advise his hearers to think more of duty than of privilege. He said there was a tendency now-a-days for people to think that worship twico on Sunday was once tos often. That was because they only went when they were inclined. He pointed out that it was their duty to attend divine worship and urged them te be regular in their attendance at the means of graco. —The Rev. J. Simpson stated that lie had received a letter from Mr. Chadwick who was usually to be found at such gatherings as the present. As they were all aware Mr. Chadwick had been passiog through a most severe bereavement, and with him they had shown their heartiest sympathy. The letter ack- nowledged the kindly expressions of syrnpatriy.—Votes of thanks to those who had taken any share in the work of the tea and entertainment were passed.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SAD DROWNING FATALITY AT

It IJNCO RN.

' THE INQUEST.

Mr. J. E. Worsley at the Police Station' Runcorn, on Friday afternoon, relative to the death oj Frederick J. Le Couteur, whose body was found in the Manchester Ship Canal at Runcorn on Thursday. The first witness called was Mr. Poilip Le Couteur, 37, Bold-street, Runcorn, who stated that the deceased was his brother. Be was 29 years of age and was a marine engineer. Witness last saw him alive a few days before Christmas. He did.not suffer from any illness that was in any way likely to cause dizziness or fainting. He thought his brother fell in the lock at the bottom of the Old-road. It was a dangerous place, but was the best way for the deceased to go to his boat. William Deeprose, innkeeper of the Queen's Head, Runcorn, said that on Christmas night he had a private supper party at his house. Thera were twelve present, including the deceased, who left his house a few minutes before four on the morning ontthe 28-h inst. He told witness that he was going home. He was perfectly, sober, and was accompanied by two of his friends, John Lunt and Herbert Nicksora. He did not see deceased again. hlin Lunt, chemical labaurer, residing at 59. Sewell- street, deposed that he had known tha deceased about five years. Be was present with him at the supper on Christmas night. They left a few minutes to four the next morning. Witness and Nickson accompanied the deceased to the Church school, Church-street. Deceased told witness that he was going home until it was time for him to go to his boat. Deceased would have to go along the pierhead to go to his packet. He thought the deceased must have changed his mind about going home, and proceeded to his boat instead. Herbert Nickson, Heath-road, bricklayer, stated that he had known the deceased about ten years. He cor- roborated the last witness's statement as to accompany- ing the deceased as far as the Church school on the morning of the 28th December. He told them that he was going home, but he thought he must have changed his mind. Samuel Brown, waterrnan, Surrey-street, spoke to finding the body in the Ship Canal near to what was called No Man's Land. P.C. Gregory stated that he was present when the body was recovered. There was one mark at the back of the head, but there were no marks of violence. He found £2 03. 3d. in the deceased's pockets, and he also had upon him a gold watch and albert with a locket attached. His dress was not disarranged, and only his hat was missing. The deceased would go along the canal bank when going to his boat. His watch was stopped at two minutes to five. A verdict of "Found drowned " was returned. The Coroner on behalf of ' the jury and himself expressed sorrow with the family in the loss they had sustained. THE FUNERAL.

- On Sunday afternoon, the funeral of Mr. F. J. Le Couteur took place in Runcorn Cemetery. The follow ing walked in procession, preceding the hearse : Cap- tains Heasely. Bushell, Peacock, Bennett ; Messrs. G. ffeaseley, W. Shaw, G. Hewitt, T. Outlswaite, 'l'. Jones, Wm. Cartwright, Walker, R. Hurst, R. Elarr,p, John Ayres, Wm. Stubbs, B. Stubbs, James Littlemore, Parker,T. Marshall, G. Millington, F. Lewis, G. Cooke, Win. Cooke, James As:ton, F. Elton, James Bushell, T. Houghton, G. Acton, James Rawlinson. Joseph Hose, and the following companions : Messrs. S. Britlaml, F. Bindles,. J. Green, H. Nickson, F. Rawlinson, G. Bell, and Joseph Thornhill. The hearse then followed,bv the side of which walked : Messrs. J. Lunt, F. Smith, T. Chamberlain, and Deeprose. The relatives who followed behind were : Captain Le Cauteur (father) Philip, Fleury, and Clifford L 9 Couteur (brothers), Messrs. Wm. Anclerton. lliornast Anderton, and W. Anderton (cousins) and Mr. James WiHon. The service at the graveside was conducted by the Rev. W. George (\; et- lpyan minister.) Floral tributes had been sent by Mr. and Mrs. Walker, Mr, and Miss Deeprose, Mr. and Stnith. Miss Alice Hughes, Mr. J. Littletnore Mr. parker, Misses J. Lunt and Nickson.

Babies ought to be fat. thin babies are seldom well. You can make your baby fat an healthy by giving it Scott's Btnulsion. This is a preparation that is easy on the stomach snoa effertive as a nourishment. It i 3 luvaluable as cure for wa:ting diseases in children. (10)

===== 0002601_18950309_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHWAYS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTBN.

- - The Committee recommended that the footway on the east side of Station-read and certain portions of Hal- tor-road footway opposite premises belonging to the Runcorn Co-operative Society and Mr. W. W. Copland, he made with granolithic flags, and that the tender of the Croft Granite Company to supply and lay the 21n. best Cron; adamant flags at 4s. 10d. square yard tie accepted ; that the plan of Mr. H. Dodd for the erection of two semi-detached houses in Weston-road instead of one, plan of which was passed on 3rd May last, be ap- proved. That the plan of the Runcorn property and Investment Company for the erection of eleven houses in a new street of York-street at the rear of and parallel with Greenway-road, be rejected, on the ground that no satisfactory system of drainage is shewn and that a passage shown on previous plans of adjoining property as 91t. wide is proposed to be reduced to 4ft. Sins., bring- ing the walls over or upon the drain now running down the said passage,and that a 6 in. pipe drain down the 9 foot pass4ge in the rear is too small. Mr. Taylor moved and Mr. Williams seconded the adoption of these minutes. —Mr. Pritchard suggested that they should t e passed with the exception of the last recommendation, and that it should be considered at the close of the meeting This was agreed to. On being subsequently brought forward Mr. Taylorsaid the Committee would recon- sider any amended plan whilh might be brought for- ward but he suggested that the recommendation on the minutes should be allowed to pass. Mr. Pritchard agreed to this and it was carried.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE TECENICA.L INSTITUTE.

The Technical Instruction Committee recommended that the tender of Messrs. A. and 11. Hulse for the con- struction and erection of stone stairs at the Institute as per plan for the sum of £B6, be accepted. (This will be paid by Mripßrunner). That the Council authorise the committee to advertise for tenders for the furnishing of the Institute. They also recommended that the follow- ing subjects be taught as far as was found practicable : —Freehand, perspective geometry, building construc- tion, machine construction, physiography, electricity and magnetism, sound, light, and heat, applied mechanics, carpentry, and joinery, plumbing, theoreti- cal soap manufacture, astronomy and navigation, skip building, steam; coal tar products, mathematics, languages, shorthand, dressmaking, cooking, and laundry work.—Mr. Wiswall in moving the adoption of these minutes said he wished to eliminate the first one. The Law Clerk told him that it was not necessary to pass it. If they did so they would be obliged to advertise for tenders,but inasmuch as Mr. Brunner was paying for it, it was not necessary to pass the minute. Referring to the subjects to be taught, he said they were an increase of about one-third upon what they taught at present. Their present cost was about £2OO, but in future they would have an incothe of over £3OO, so that they would be within their means in tak- ing the additional subjects. To comply with the State regulations they wonld have to equip a laboratory, and that would cost about £lOO, which would be in addition to the £5OO for furnishing. The County Council had granted them a handsome sum and they were also giving an annual grant and they must show something for it. The State had also granted them £l,OOO, and they must also satisfy it that they at Runcorn meant business.—Mr. Wilson seconded.—Mr. Bisbro wn thought the list of subjects would dispose of the objection that they sometimes heard from some oi their friends that the Technical Institute would be a white elephant. The Technical Institute would not only be for the classes but for the masses. The children of the artisans would benefit just as much as those belonging to the middle classes.—Mr. Speakman said the County uouncil had gone on a different basis for allocating the money in their hands. He understood from Mr. Ward, that the grant to Runcorn would be £313 an against £2OO as for- merly. (Hear, hear.)—The Chairman said ho thoaght Mr. Speakman had given them some information which was pleasant for them to taear.—The minutes as amended were then passed.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCH COMMITTSE.

This committee recommended that the salaries of the following clerks be increased : Joshua Nall from £39 to £4O per annum; and James Austin from Lit 4s. to £2B per annum.—Mr. Lightbure moved the adoption of the minutes.—Mr. Posnett said he cvou!il like more informa- tion about the increase of salaries.—Mr. Lightburn said the two youths came to tivm comparatively bays, and they could not 'keep them at the same salary, and the business would not now allow them to put boys in their positions. The difference in the two salaries arose chiefly through Joshua Nall handling a large sum of money. The other youth took sherthand notes. He thought the Salarica would compare very favourably with thot,e paid by private firms.—Mr. Posnett said he was quite satisfied with the explanation, and the minutes were passed.

THII ADMISSION OF Tlig PUBLIC. In accordance with notice given, Dr. Gastaldi moved that the public be permitted to attend the meetings of the Council. —The Chairman said he might be allewed to ' say that the standing orders of tee Council were in course of preparation, and probably if they had recog- nised that before, the natico of motion would not have been given. In addition to admitting tile principle which was being contended for, it also gave some sort of regulation which he thought they cyald not rec3gnise as unnecessary.—Dr. Gastaldi said a rule in the Local Gov- ernment Act of 1894, provided that Parish Council meet- ings should be open to the public, unless the Council otherwise direct. It therefore transpired that it was the will, intention and desire of the Act thatlliose ineetings should be open be the public. Many of them might say that it was an innovation, but it was not the Ent time a motion of teat kind had been brought before an Urban Council. In the past a great many things had been said about certain cliques, and that members were sitting in their own interests. From his experience on the Coun- cil during the last few months he must say the contrary was the CASH. 111 had great pleasure is moving his motion.—Mr. G. H. Kirkham wanted to know whether Dr. Gastaldi intended the committee meetings to be open to the public also.—Dr. Gastaldi replied in the negative. As stated in the motion, it was the Council meetings only. Mr. Kirkham seconded the motion.—Mr. Speakman had hoped that the motion would not have been seconded after the remarks about the standing orders, made by the chairman. He thought it just as well to state that those standing orders wauld include every- thing the chairman had said. Almest the very first rule of the County Council said that, " Strangers shall be permitted to attend all meetings of the Conseil and to report and publish its proceedings, unless especially ex- cluded by a vote of the Council during any portion or the whole of the meeting." He oi-ought that that meet- ing would do well to wait, and not to pass that resolu- tion until the standing orders came before them for confirmation.—Mr. Lightbure propoeoci an amendment that the motion be rejected. He was a member •f the Standing Order Cominiztee and the question of admit- ting the public would be dealt with in a more perfect order by that committee. —ln answer to Mr. Bisbrown, the Cnairnian said that the idea ot the Standin; Orders Committee was that the orders should be submitted at an informal meeting of the Canned in about a fortnight'd time at the out- side.--He would suggest that Dr. Gastaldi withdraw his motion.—Mr.Posnett : Do the Standing Orders Comm,t- tee endorse the principle of admitting the pubic ?—The Chairman continuing, said that when the Standing ' Orders were submitted, if they found that the principh was not included, it would be quite open for the meet- ing to move any addition.—Mr. Taylor seconded the amendment,and said that it was simply deferring the matter instil they had something definite to work upon. It was very easy to say,"We will admit the public," hut there was the question of accommodation to be considered It 100 people came into the rown,who was to say "Nay " to them ? They bad never had am-thing to hide from the public, aml lie h med that the new Council would be the same.—Mr. Wiswall said he should vote for the amendment, not because he objected to tile public tiring admitted, but that he thougnt the matter should tie dealt with in a sensible way.—Mr. Speak:mut said he would like to explain that while the County Council me i tings were open to the put lie they never had any outsioers present.—Mr. Once suggested to Dr. Gastaldi the adv isability ol:wiihdrawing his motien that morning. —Dr. Gastaldi sae' he would withdraw the minim ilia— much as the questionl would ha br,ii.rtit f .rward in a fortnight's time.—Mr. Kirkham that he was willing that course should i.e taken.—The matter then dropped.

THE CHAIRMAN'S C:>MMUNICATIONS. Mr. Imison moved, that a letter trom the L cal Government Board re the unemployed tsi referred to the Highways and ltnildings Committee, and that a letter from the same authority oit the provision of isolation hospital accommodation by local authorities be relerred to the Health Committee. He bad Al,O received a letter from Dr. Mangan resigning membership on the Techni- cal Instruction Committee. This he propo!ed should be considered by that Committee. NOTICES OF MOTION. The following notices of motion 'were given to b 3 brought fcricitcrd at the next mecting of the Council.—

===== 0002601_18950309_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_18950309_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Bisbrown gave notice that he would move that it be an instruction to the Highways Committee to open nego- tiations with the land owners,with the view of inducing them to Open a road from the end of Percival-lane to Weston Point, for vehicular and pedestrian traffic.—Mr. Posnett gave notice that the Council apply to the Local Goverammt Board to be invested in the powers of the Parish Council. Firstly by taking over the powers and duties of the overseers and assistant overseers; secondly control of all local parochial charities ; thirdly, control of the common land, and fourthly taking over the duties and powers of the Burial Board.—Mr. Wilson also gave a notice of a motion to takeover the powers and duties of the Burial Board.

BROWNER,

Writing from the Boise of Commons Mr. Brunner said he would with pleasure do all in his power to help for- ward the l'ublic Health Bill in accordance with the wishes of the Council.

THE STATE OF THE CHEMICAL TRIBE.

Mr. E. Carey, writing on the 6th inst., on behalf of the United alkali Company, in reply to a communica- tion from the Council, asking them .to re-open their works at Runcorn, as soon as possibre, said "The sub- ject was considered yesterday by our directors and they have decided to continue their donation to your distress fund of £lO per week, until the end of this month,when they hope that some of the causes of depression will have disappeared. Until general trade mends, and demand increases, they cannot hold out much hope of any sub- stantial augmentation of the output of our Runcorn works." This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

At the Boardroom, Town Hall, on Tuesday evening, the monthly meeting of this Board was held under the presidency of Mr. James Pritchard. There were els* present :—Revs. Canon Wood, and Dr. Gastaldi. Dr. McDougall, Messrs. T. Handley, J.P., S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., E. Irnison, J.P., and G. Moss (clerk).

===== 0002601_18950309_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ACHOOL ATTENDANCE.

From the minutes of the School Attendance Conamittee it appeared that 55 parents had been summoned before the committee. 50 of whom appeared. Prosecutions before the magistrates were ordered in six cases. There was a decrease af 128 on the rolls, and a decrease in the average attendance of 240. This was accounted for by the distress and the severity of the weather. With regard to the children in blind and deaf institutions it was reported that considerable difficulty was experi- enced in getting the money from the parents. The tender of Mr. Yates was accepted for officers' clothing. The minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
_THE THIS OF ELECTIONS.

Mr.Pritchard in accordance with notice giveia,moved that the Clerk be instructed to draw the attention of the returning officer to the arrangement made in 1889 for altering the date of the triennial elections, and to request hint to take steps to render that alteration per- manent. Ile said that in March, 1889, the Board de. cided t. appeal for an earlier date for the election than Christmas week. In response to that appeal a letter was received, stating that the election could be held within fifty days from the close of the year. That car- ried the election back to November 10th. In 1892 it was expected that the same rule would hold good,but it was again altered by the authorities and fixed for Christmas week.—The 'motion was carried unanimously. SHALL THE MEMBERS BE INCRBASID ?

The Chairman further moved that it was de.oirable to have the number of members composing the Board in- creased to iiine,and that the clerk be instructed to make application to the Education Department for its sanc- tion to such increase at the next triennial election. Ho sad in moving that r•solution he did so on the ground that according to the pepulation they had not an adequte representation of the ratepayers. He could not, he said, alight on any town with a population of 20,000 with only seven representatives out of 5,000 School Boards and Attendance Committees. Further, they were not in accordance with the regula- tions of the Education department, which stipulated that five members should sit when the population was under 5,000; seven members when between 5,000 and 10,000; and nine members for populations fr-m 10,000 to 40,000. It was their duty to see that the ratepayers were fully represented. Another reason for the applica- tion was on account of the diffieulty in forming the various committees when the Board only consisted of seven members. Very frequently the attendance at the Scho-d Management Committee and the Attendance Committee consisted of only one member.—Mr. S. Taylor seconded the motioo.—Dr. Gastaldi thought the population of the town was not now 20,000. It seemed to have gone down to the same original igure it was before the Ship Canal came into existence.—Dr. McDougall thought the Chairman had hardlybeen fair to the School Manage- ment Committee. During the three years he (the speaker) had been Chairman of that Committee he was not aware that there had been any difficulty in forming [a quorum at the meetings. He also took exception to the statement that thepopulation of the town was 20,000. —Mr. Handley bpoke in favour of the motion, and said the question of increasing the number of members of the Board had been spoken of in the town for some )ears. Now that they were going t.. 4 have increased responsi- bility it was only right that they should have an increase of members.—Canon Wood said from experience he found that small com:nittees worked the best. The satisfactory results obtained at their Board and Even- ing schools was proof that the present Board had car- ried out their duties.—lt was ultimately decided on the motion of Dr. Gastaldi that the natter he fully threshed out in committee, and that the motion be again brought forward at the next meeting of the Board.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRRSPONDRNT.

The letter which was read at the meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council yesterday, from the secretary of the United Alkali Company, Limited, was not one which held out any hopes for the early resumption of work at their chemical manufactories at Runcorn. In fact,the tone of the latter seeuaed to indicate that the directors of the company themselves have not much hope of such a recommendation. But the conference held yester- day afternoon of representative:, oi the Manchester Ship Canal Company and members of the Runcorn Urban Council was much more encouraging. There is every liklihood that in a few days definite infor- mation from the Ship Canal Company respecting the Urban Council's counter proposals with refer- ence to the graving dock question, will be to hand. If rumours are to be relied upon, it is pleasing to learn that the Canal Company are not averse to the propositions of the local Council, but are likely to fall in with them, and furthermore, they are desir- •ue of commencing operations at once. This, it is to be hoped, will be the case, so that tbere may be a thinning of the ranks ef the unemployed in the town.

There was quite a long. dis—cussion at the meeting of the -Runcorn School Board on Tuesday evening, when the question of applying to the Education department, for permission to increase the number of members of the Board from seven to nine, was under consideration. Runcorn, it seems, from the regulations of the Education department, has long been entitled to have nine members on the Beard, and it was in order that the ratepayers might be more fairly represented that the question was intro- duced by the Chairman. He contrasted the number of representatives on the Runcorn School Board with the number on other School Boards in the , surrounding districts which showed clearly that Runcorn was lag itig behind in the number of n.presentatives. Ile also spoke of the difficulty experienced in getting together the committees,and considered that an increased number was necessary, in-as-much as extra work would devolve upon the Board in a short time. One would have thought that such a proposal would have Leell passed with- out, much difficulty. But it was otherwise. Dr. McDougall resented strongly the remarks which had been made with reference to the working of the School Managetnent Committee; contendtig that it was a reflection on the present Board; Canon Wood liked small committees; Hr. lrnison was anxious for more information; and Dr. Gastaldi was in favour of the matter being adjr,urned in order that it might be discussed in committee. This latter proposal was ultimately decided upon, so that the matter lies in abeyance for the present.

--41,-. WARRINGTON BOILER MAKERS.

_ . On Saturday last the members of the Warrington branch of the Boiler Makers' Society held their annual dinner at the Queen's Hotel, Sankey-street. After the removal ol the cloth,flro. Edward Rhodes was voted to the chair. and in his opening remarks be dwelt on the pleasure it afforded him to be amongst them that evening, and hoped all present would thoroughly enjoy themselves. and when the time came for them to separate, they would depart in friendship with one another,as became members of such an honourable society, lie then gave the usual toasts, which received it good response. Bro. William Hill then proposed the 'Warrington branch of the above society, coupling with it the name of Bro. John Travis, of Warrington, who has been a continuous member for 47 years. Bro. Travis re- sponded and gave a song, after which several toasts followed, interspersed with harmony. A vote of thanks Was passed to the host and hostess (Mr. and Mrs. Stirrup) for the able manner in which they I'llc;rtrori,l, and ti,e singiniz of the "Ngtional Anthem" brought an enjoyable evening to a close.

MIME

===== 0002601_18950309_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

At Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday afternoon the meet- ing of this board was held. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. M. Intyre,J.P. In addition t) the members of the Rural Council being present there were:—Rev Canost Wood, Messrs. S. Paylor J.P., T. Handley, J P., T. Lea, and J. Ashton (clerk) and G. Ashton the deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_18950309_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
TIO3 RIVER WIAVEII NAVIGATION.

The Clerk of the Wirral Union wrote submitting a memorial re " The Weaver Navigation Bills," in which they expressed a hope that the County Council would use every endeavour to obtain the rejection by Patna- meiat of the proposals of the Salt Union Limited, and Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and Company for the surplus revenues received by the Trustees of the Weaver Navi- gation which had been payable to the county, to be ap- plied to the reduction of rates. The effect of such pro- posals becoming law would throw increased burdens of rating on the ratepayers of the county. The writer asked the Guardians to attach their seal to the memorial. —Mr. Baxter said the County Council were taking active steps to oppose the bill. The memorial would strengthen their hands.—Mr. Parr asked what the Council had re- ceived during the last five years.—Mr. Baxter said they had received nothing.—Mr. Heywood said the Weaver Navigation had raised their tolls this year on everything but salt, and the probability was that there would be an increased surplus. The toll was increased from 2d. to 4d. per ton.—Mr. Chadwick said it was very probable that any surplus would be spent in works of construc- tion and clearing off their large debts.—Mr. Baxter said the debt was £210,000.—1t was decided that the memorial be signed on the proposition of Mr. Williams, seconded by Mr. Woodward.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
TRH RINCORN REGISTRARSHIP.

The Clerk said he had received that morning a letter from the Registrar General in which he stated that he had received the resignation of Mr. Henry Coleburn, the registrar at Runcorn. The Guardians could nominate a candidate at that meeting.—The Rev. Canon Wood moved that they nominate for the appointment Mr. Cooke who was already acting on behalf of the Board of Guardians as relieving officer at Runcorn. Mr. Cooke had, he believed, disckarged practically the duties of registrar for seine time avid he bore amongst them a high character for integrity and kindness. He thought he was speaking the minds of the Guardians of Runcorn by sating that they felt that no better recommendation could be made to the Registrar General.—Mr. T. Hand- ley said he had great pleasure in seconding the proposition. When the matter was under considera- tion about twelve months ago and it was mentioned that a vacancy was likely to take place, it was understood that Mr. Cooke would have the office. He had been deputy registrar 10 or 12 years and in the absence of Mr. Coleburn he had done the work.—Mr. S. Taylor snpported the nomination.—The recommendation was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE. -2IIE RATE.

Mr. Heywood gave a report and estimate of the prob- able balance in favour of or against each township in the Runcorn Union at the end ef the current half-year end- ing Lady Day, 1895, and amounts of contributions required from the overseers of the respective townships in the Union, to meet the expenditure of the ensuing half-year ending Michaelmas. 1895. The total capital for the current half-year amounted to £9,458. and the net probable expenditure was estimated at £6,228, which showed a balance at Lady Day of £3,228. The probable expenditure during half-year ending Michaelmas, 1895. was:— £10,023. The total amount required for the ensuing half-year was this latter amount, and after deducting the probable balances in favour of the townships at Lady Day, 1895, the amount required by contribution was £7,795. The rateable value of the Union was £242,371, being an in- crease of £B4B as compared with the corresponding period last year, without taking into consideration the rateable value of the townships of Grappenhall, Latch- ford Without, and Thelwall. which was £16,758, mak- ing a total increase of £17,607. A rate of 71d. in the £ would produce £7,574, and it was recommended that a call for £7.795 be made upon the overseen, being an in- crease of id. in the £. It was neceesary to make a call of Is. 31. in the £ upon the townships of Grappenhall, Latchford Without, and Thelwall as it could not yet be ascertained what balance in favour of these townships there would be on Lady Day, 1895. It was not yet known whether the balance would be handed over by the Warrington Union to the the Runcorn Union direct, or to the overseers of the respective townships, but in either case it might be used towards paying the call. The Increase of :U. hi the £ was due to the slight increase in the county rate, an increase for relief through the de- pression in trade and to certain inevovements in the House.—The recommendations of the Finance Commit- tee were approved of.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE VISITING COMMITTEE'S REPORT.

The Workhouse Master read the report of the Visiting Committee which stated that the accommodation for sick inmates had been found ample until recently, when the male side had been fully occupied. It would be re- lieved by an additional ward on the male side ot the house which would relieve the hospital by providing room for old men who were really not hospital patients. I The imperative necessity of a night nurse was referred to, and it was stated that as there was no accommoda- tion for an extra officer in the hospital without going to considerable expense in building. fhey strongly recom mended that a night nurse be appointed at such a CUM per week as would cover rations, lodging, and washing outside the Workhouse, such officer to be on duty say from seven o'clock at night until eight o'clock in the morning. The aged women had a sup of tea at three o'clock each afternoon, the tea and sugar having been kindly provided by Miss Best, of Aston. An estimate was being prepared by Messrs. Timmins and Son, of Runcorn,for a double action pump for nre extinguishing which wmuld give increased pressure of water in case of emergency and would Mg* be available for pumping sing- ly if either pump should require repairs. The rebuilding of boundary walls and pointing was in the hands of a capable committee, and the Visiting Committee pro- posed to seriously consider the condition of some of the yards.—Tho sanitary coodition of the house was very satisfactory as there was an abundant supply of pure water, the closets had been improved, and the main sewer remedied.—The report was adopted on the motion !of Mr. Handley. The. Clerk was instructed to request Mr. Davies, architect of Frodsham and Runcorn,to make a sketch of the proposed new ward and also prepare an estimate of the cost. He was also instructed to adver- tise for a nurse at a salary of P.. 50 per year.—The Master was asked to obtain samples from the contractors to the Union of the cloths proposed M be substituted for the cord. The tender of Mr. Timmins for the supply of a I new pump for the house was accepted.—A letter was I received from Miss Best, of Aston, stating that she would no longer be able to supply tea and sugar for the inmates of the house, but Mrs. Marsden bad offered to d ) so.—Mr. Handley said Miss Best was leaving the neighbourhood. She had supplied the inmates with the tea and sugar for two or three years, and be proposed that the thanks of the Board be sent to her.—Mr.Taylor ' moved a vote of thanks to Miss Marsden for her kind offer. Both propoAitions were carried. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
DEFRAUDING THE RUNCORN RELIEF _COMMITTEE.

A WARNING TO IMPOSTERS.

At Runcorn Police Court on Monday morning, Mr. J. Brundrit in the chair, Walter Stubbs and Elizibeth Ann Stubbs, Shaw-t., were summoned at the instance of the RSV. A. J. Jameson, with having on the 9th January and other days, at Runcorn. unlawfully endeavoured to procure certain charitable contributions under false pit- tentions. Defendants pleaded guilty. Mr. F. A. Lake. solicitor, prosecuted, and stated that owing to the great distress in the town, a relief fund WhB opened, and a committee formed for the purpose of collecting contri- butions and relieving the poor in necessitous circum- stances. The committee was formed into separate ward committees, and the ward committee in the present case contisted of the Rev. A. J. Jameson, Mr. Bisbrown, Mr. Williams and Mr. Wilton. They sat every Wednesday evening in Newton ward. On the 9th January, the de- fendant, Elizabeth Ann Stubbs, came to them and applied for relief. She was told to bring her husband, which she did and they informed the committee that the man (Stubbs) was entirely out of work, and that tly had four children who were under 14 years of age. C the strength of the statement a ticket for relief to the extent of six shillngs was given, atid relief tickets were granted each week, with one I exception, until February 22nd. About this time in- formation was received which led to it being ascertained that the male defendant was in work. On the week ending January 4 he was working for the Weaver Navi- gation and received T 1 Bs. for the week. On the 11th January, two days after he had applied for relief, he re- ceived in wages £1 9s. ; January 18th £l,January 25th and February Ist not quite so much ; February Bth £1 33. ; February 15th £1 23. 3d. ; and February 22nd £1 is. Besides this there was a son working, bringing in ss. a week, and he had also a daughter working near Northwich. The committee felt it was their duty to the subscribers of the fund and to the poor whom the defendants had robbed, to bring the case before the magistrates.

11-eY.A. J. Jameson corroborated the above statement, and said the total amount given in relief to the defend- ant was £1 15i—The female defendant said she was very sorry she ever went to get any relief.---rhe Chair- man said he supposed it was one of those cases which no doubt very frequently happened, though they were seldom found out. There were perhaps others who had done the same. But that did slot not make the case any let,s against the defendants. They had been obtaining money which ought to have been given to deserving people. For them to carry on such a practice was really disgraceful, and the magistrates could not allow it Co pass unnoticed. The male defendant would be com- mitted to prison for one month, and the female clefend- ant for seven days. He hoped it would be s. lesson not only to the defendants, but to others who might be nracticing in a similar manner. He was very pleased that the Relief Committee had taken the matter up.

Heavy snowstorms were on Monday reported from North Wales and from the East Coast. In Liverpool and the district the snow which an du .n,.; t:.e mostly disappeared by midday.

tii,44

abbertiaments not ClaAgifitb.

THEATRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE,

ST. HELENS.

Sole Proprietor and Manager (Also lessee of Theatre Royal, Sheiteld, and Theatre Royal, I.,,icester) Mr. WALLACE REVILL, Acting Manager and Treasurer Mr. RICHARD SOARS. MONDAY, MARCH 11nt, 1895. SPECIAL ATTRACTION for six nights only, and first visit to St. Helens of Mr. W.* S. PERU:W.B COMPANY, IN THU GREATHSP SUCCESS OF THE CENTURY— " CHARLEY'S AUNT."

By BitiNDON THOMAS.

To be preceded by a DRAUA in one Act, entitled—

" CONFEDERA TES."

A Story of the Amerlean War. ADMISSION :—Private Boxes, £2 2s. an.l £1 10s.; Dress Circle, 3s. (First Row, Drtss) ; Orchestra Stalls, 25.; Upper Circle, is. 6d.; Pit Stalls, is,; Pit, Bd,•' Amphi- theatre, 6d.; Gallery, 4d. Half-price at 9 o'clock to all Parts, Amphitheatre and Gallery excepted. Doors open at 7, Commence at 7-30. Saturdays, half-an- hour earlier. _

}Carly Doors will be opened at 6-30 each evening. Parties wishing to avoid the crush will be admitted by same on pay- ment of 3d. extra to Gallery, 3d. to Amphitheatre, 4d. to Pit, and 6d. extra to any other part of the Theatre.

T ADIES AND GENTLEMEN SUCCESSFULLY INTRO- -1.4 DUCED. Private and genuine.---Address in confid- ence, six stamps, MADAME DE ANNIS, 121, Great Jackson-st•. Manchester.

• WANTED good General S ERV A N T ; no washing; plain cooking, and must be well up in household duties; wages, £l2.—Apply Mrs SAMUEL, Nantwich, Cheshire. "

10S. PBH WEEK (regular salary) offered either sex, spare hours, evenings, everywhere ; enclose &amp.— J. A. CR088310036 and Co.. 22 Parkgate,ltolherhatn. (This is Genuine.)

Comfortable House to be LIT. Parlour, kitchen and scullery, rent ss. Key, 27, HorLE-ar, Bewsey-road, Warrington.

LADIES' BOARDING SCHOOL, BROOKLYN, Greenbank Drive, Sefton Park, Liverpool, Resident French Governess. Proles ors. Weekly Boarders from £6 6s. Prospectus.

COUNTY OF CIIESTER. TO BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. PERSONS desirous of TENDERING for the ERECTION of FARM BUILDINGS at the COUNTY LUNATIC ASYLUM, UPTON, CHESTER, can inspect the Drawings and Specifications, and obtain bills of quantities an] forms of tender, on payment of (RI) one pound (which Will be repaid on the receipt of a boeft-fide Tender) at this °thee, on and after MosnlY, 11th instant, between 9.30 a.m. and 4 p.m. (Saturday till 1 p.m.) &riled Tenders, endorsed "Farm Buildings." to be sent to me at this Office, on or before SATURDAY, 23rd inst. The Committee of Visitors de not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. STANHOPE BULL, County Surveyor. County Surveyor's Office, 40, Bridge-street Now (West), Chester, 7th March, 1895.

WANTED, SI , UATION as GROOM, can ride or drive, good reference.—Apply T. GAD. 9131-, Darley Moor, Relaston, Islabourne.

WANTED, SITUATION as Working HOUSEKEEPER to widower, where servant kept or help given; fond of Children; good neediewoman; domesticated; cheerful ; Catholic; highest raferences.—F., 1 PORTLAND PILIAS,Spring Grove, Kingston-on-Thames.

OTICR —Great Clearance SALE of Musk Paraffin. Dry .1.1 Soaps. 13s. 6d. per cwt. Carriage paid. Retiring from business ; rare chance ; f mtg. sent.-111cislavan'r, Fleetwood.

WANTED SITUATION as Gardener, Head-working, 16fr years' thorough practical experience in all branches of the profession ; aged 29, single ; first class recommenda- tions from precut and previous employers.—E. TaomPsoN, Frickley Hall Gardens, Doncaster.

y ADIES' SCHOOL, SUNNYSIDE, HOWDEN.—HtiII Term vvill commence March 6th. A vacancy for Pupil- Teacher; small premium.—Principal, Miss SITGDEN.

WANTED imrnediateiy Cooks, Nurses, Housemaids, also Kitehenmaie for Warrington, Young General for Marple. PALMKRS. Registry Broad etreet,llanley. Established 1853.

HOUS)4KEEPHR WANTED, for Bachelor Gentleman; excellent Si, uation ; good wages.—Mrs. PIPE, 50, Edgeware Road, Hyde Park, London.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRAVING DOCK QUESTION AT RUNCORN.

IMPORTANT MEETING.

A conference of representatives of the Runcorn Urban Council and of gentlemen closely associated with the Manchester Ship Canal:was held on Thursday afternoon at the Bridgewater House, Runcorn, for the purpose of discussing the negotiations which have taken place with regard to the graving dock question at Runcorn. There were present on behalf of the Canal Company : Mr- Rythell (chairman of the Company) Mr. Whitworth (sec. tary), Sir Leader Williams (consulting engineer), Mr. Hunter (engineer).Mr. Marshall Stevens, Mr. W. H. Col- lier, Mr. J. Meadowcroft and Mr. F. Wiswall. On behalf of the Urban Council there were present:—Messrs. P. Speakman J.P., C.C., S. Taylor, J.P., C. 0.. E. Imison J.P., J. W., Lightburn, J. Pritchard, D. Bisbrown, J. H Kirkiaam, G. Hewitt. and Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk.). Ile conference lasted several hours, and the pros. and cons, of the subject were fully discussed in a friendly and amicable manner. Various proposals were submitted by the ship Canal authorities, which we understand, prac- tically include the counter-proposals made to the Com- pany by the Urban Council. It was understood that a communication setting forth the company's proposals would be forwarded to the Law Clerk in a few days. These will be considered at a special meeting of the Urban Council. It was anticipated that the proposals will be of a satisfactory nature arid of immediate advan- tage te the town and trade ot Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
A DOUESTIC SERVANT'S DEATH AT

HELSB 1.

SINGULAR BTh fEMENTS. An inquiry was held at Helsby on Thursday into the circumstances attending the death of Isabella Garner, a domestic servant of Frodsham, recently in the employ of Mrs. Ockleston, Grosvenor-place, Claughton.—Deceased left her sittigtion on January 17. She was then ill, and subsequere complained of having received injuries. Some time before her death her depositions were taken, with ihe result that the present inquest VIP, crdered. Mr. Horridge, barrister, appeared on behalf e -s Ock- leston, slaughter of the deceased's mistr ielr. Linaker represented the deceased's family. . aquiry was fixed for ten o'clock on Thursday mornine .t after swearing in the jury the coroner adjourned Lit it.quest until two o'clock, in order that a post-mortem might t I made. On resuming, Margaret Garner, sister of the deceased, said her sister was twenty-two years of age. She had been housemaid at Mrs. Ockleston's. She was enly there about a fortnight. When she left home to go to Claughton she was in good health. She returned home suddenly on January 17. She was in tears, and said that Miss Ockleston had pulled a chair from under her and had hurt her. She seemed very ili and walked with a stoo eed also complained of a pain in the side. She was p- and remained there up to the time et her death on-Tuesday.—Ann Garner, mother of the deeeaseti, corroborated the tormer '1 witness's statement. Her daughter told her that Miss 1 Ockleston said she must sit in the coalhouse, and when she said she wisuld not, Miss Ockleetone said, "Then get out of the house as quick as you can."—Margaret Roberts said she was in service with Mrs. Ockles- ton at the same time as the deceased. She was a strong girl, and seemed in good health up to the day before she left, when she cemplained of a pain in her side. She experienced difficulty in breath- ing, and had a nasty cough. She was n_t able to do her work, but .Vii Ockleston made her do the morning's work. She complained of being ill, and asked permission to lie down, but Miss Oeklestoo replied, " Certainly not. Get on with your work." At seven o'clock that morning a itness saw Miss Ockleston push deceased off the chaii in the kitchen. She did not fall down, however, and witness did not think she received any injury. The same day Miss Ockleston pushed de- ceased upstairs and ttirewher down many times on the way. Miss Ockleston aleo pushed deceased out of the door.—By a Juror : Witness could not say what caused deceased's illness.-13v Mr. Berridge : Deceased began to be ill on the afternoon of the previous day, and was 1 ill during, the night. Witness had been discharged ' from service, and was uucier her notice at the time.— Dr. A. J. Brian, practiing at Helsby, said be saw the deceased the day after her return home. That was the morning of January 18th. Witness could find nothing characteristic, except that deceased complained of her right side. There were no marks of extereal injury. Elelhad made a post-rnertem examination that malting, and found on a levet with the fifth rib an eneyetcd mp- yema which contained a quantity of unnealthe pus. None of the ribs were fraci.uree, nor were any bones fractured. Death war due to natural causes.—At this stage of the proceedings the Coroner said:-1 don't think we need go on with this inquiry after the medical evid- ence. Everything is perfectly consistent with natural causes being the cause a death, and there is no tram, of • y•-^^ll t-f " I.l4lUrilot nausea was fOLUCLIMI.

lIENZA AND GENERAL WEAKNESS.

INFL

18, PRESCOTT-STREET, OFF CLOwES-STREET, WEST GORTON, MANCHESTER, DECEMBER 7m. 1894. DEAR SIR,--I beg to testify to the value of Gwp.rst EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, and I think that you cannot recommend them too well. About a fortnight since I left my work —I commenced my illness by feeling starved, and a nasty stinging and shooting pain in my head; a doctor was called in, and he said it was the Influenza, and I suffered for over a week of the pains in my head, and the doctor's medicine did me no good, till at last the mistress of this' house (lam in lodgings here) fell ill with the same symptoms ot illness till her husband advised us to try a bottle of your Bitters. He got a is. Id. bottle, and I may tell you the first &se gave us reliet. After this we got a 2s. 91. bottle, and now we are all right and I am at my work now, and I have no doubt that if I had taken the Bitters at first I should have lost no work, and I owe my recovery to the bene- ficial virtues of your medicine and I beg to tender to you my sincere thanks for producing such a valuable medicine to suffering humanity. I shall recommend it to all my friends, and I cannot speak too highly of it, as' it is worth its weight in gold. (Signed) JAMES SAG AR. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS is strongly recommended to all patients who are or have been suffering from INFLUENZA, and also patients who are convalescent after Fevers, Colds, Bronchitis, Svc., and are slow in recovering their accustomed strength and spirits. GWILYM. EVANS QUININE BITTERS. TEE VEGETABLE TONIC. ADVANTAGES CLAIMED. 1. It is Purely Vegetable, and contains no Iron or Mercury. 2. It is a happy combination of Quinine with other

Medicines., 3. It is scientifically prepared. 1 4. It enjoys the confidence of eminent Medical Men. 5. It strikes at the source of the Disease, and is superior to all other Bitters prepared, as testified by laundreds of testimonials from all parts of the world„ GWILYNI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Sold in as. 9d. and 4s. 6d. bottles. Samples is. id. SiZ9 tar See the name 66 GWilYin Evans" en stamp, label, and bottle. This is important, as there are numerous. imitations. PROPRIETORS : QUININE BITTERS CO. LTD., LLANELLY, 'SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE TEE MAGISTRATES.

A FENIAN IN WARRINOTON.—GETTING STRONG ON SEMIS. On Friday morning, at the Borough PUIICB Court, be- fore Alderman Harrison (chairman), and other magis- trates, Jane Johnson, Silver-square, was charged with assaulting Mary Owen, 43, Orford-lane, on the 23rd Fehruary.-1 be complainant, Mrs. Owen,:said she was corning from Winwick-road on Saturday night, and hearing a noise near Silver-square saw a woman coming down the street saying she was a Fenian, and that "the first woman she met would have to know it." Unfortu- nately complainant was the first and defendant caught hold of her by the shoulder and struck her in the eye. causing the bruise which was noticeable on her face in court. Complainant then informed the police.—Mrs. BroAdhurst said that she was walking down the street with complainant at the time of the assault, which took place exactly as described by her.—Another witness was close to the complainant at the time, and saw the assault take place. There was no provocation on com- plainant's part whatever, and defendant was fined 103. and costs or 14 days.—Defendant to Alderman Harri- son: I know'd what I'd get when I saw you on the book. I get stronger on the skilly, and will do more next time. ILLTREATMENT 110RA115..,--EXI'EIIB DIFFER- At the Borough Police Court on Friday, before Alder- man Harrison (chairman), Alderman Wright and Mr. S. Wright, John Bolan, Dallam-lane, pleaded not guilty to the charge of illtrea.ting a horse on the Bth of February last.—?.C. Lewis said about 11 o'clock on the Bth of February he was on duty at Market Gate and saw the defendant with a grey horse attached to a coal lurry. It was very lame on the near fore leg and also on the off fore leg. The defendant said the horse was not lame, but always walked queer down hill. He reported the matter to Inspector Luff, R.S.P.C.C.—lnspector Luff deposed to seeing the horse and getting Mr. Dixon, veterinary surgeon, to see it.—Mr. J. Dixon, veterinary surgeon, spoke to seeing the horse which was lame and unfit to work.—Mr. Shawcross, veterinary surgeon, also examined the horse on the 9th and denied that it was lame but only sriff.—The Bench eventually decided the case to be proved and fined defendant ss. and costs (£1 6s. 6d. in all).—Mrs. Bate. Culcheth, was charged with a similar offence on the 16th February. The case was proved, but defendant was dismissed on promising not to w-rk the horse unless it was in a fit condition and to pay the costs.—Albert Finch, 53 Bewsey-St., was charged with illtreating a horse by working it in an un- fit state on the 18th February, and Henry Bennett with causing it to be worked.—P.C. Sankey and Inspector Luff proved thecae°, and Bennett was fined 53. and costs and Finch let off. Isreosieo ON TUE RELIEF COMMITTEE. At the 13,roileir Police Court on Monday morning be- fore the MA vor (chairman), Messrs. F. Monks, and J. W. Hayward, Elizabeth Heath, a married woman, residing at 13, Crois-st., was charged with having been drunk and disorderly on Saturday night last in Bridge-St.— Sergeant Taylor deposed to the defendant twine. in a drunken state in Bridge-St., on Saturday night*. He questioned her,and she told him that when she left home that evening she had 18s. in her possession. U;son being examined 8s was found in her pocket. Witness under- stood that for some time past the defendant hnd been receiving relief from the Distress Fund, and that Sergt. Byrne, one of the inquiry officers, intended to come for- ward and speak to their worships as to the relief that had been afforded detendant.—Sergeant Byrne said that after receiving certain information concerning the de- fendant he examined the boaks ens' found that herself, her husbend, and three children had been drawing relief since the 9th February. She had received tickets for bread, soup, and coal since the 15th February to the total value of 18s. 31., and witness appeared that morn- ing to see if it was possible to make defendant refund some of the money.—Detective-Inspector Spinks re- marked that defendant's husband visited the Police Station, and requested that some of the money found upon his wife on Saturday night should be handed to him to provide food for the children. The sum of 2s. 63. was given to him.—P.C. Barlow would inform their worships of the amount of food there was in the house when he visited the place on Sunday.—P.O. Barlow testified to visiting the house of the defendant at noon on Sunday. On the table in the kitchen he saw a joint of mutton (cooked), and the children were being served with potatoes. One of the children informed him that her father had not yet come hcme, but probably would do so after the closing of the public-houses. The oldest girl told him that she worked at Couecillor Wilkinson's fustian cutting works.—Samuel Heath, husband of the defendant, said he had only worked two days and a half during the week. He worked as a labourer, and gave his wife 9s. on Saturday.—Defendant informed the magistrates that the money her husband had given her was to pay the rent. She denied having been drunk but admitted spending some of the money in drink, but was very sorry.—The Bench in view of the circumstances of the case, committed defendant to gaol without the option of a fine for 7 days' hard labour.

Miscismaszons.—For not having proper control over his horse and cart in Knutsferd-road on the 25th Feb., Henry Stubbs, farm labourer, Thelwall was fined 55.; Ernest Haskins, 152, Longford-St., was mulcted in the sum of 2s. 6d. for riding on the shafts of his lurry in Orford-lane on the 26th February. TITESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett. THE ALLEEIBD SEBUM ASSAULT. —Broadhurst and his sureties again appeared at the Police Court, and the magistrates' clerk informed the bench that a further re- mand of one week was applied for to suit both sides. This was granted. AN ANCIENT OFFENCE.—Winifred Wynne was charged on a wan ant with using obscene language in Butter- market-st. in May 1891.—The Chief Constable said the defendant had conae back from self-transportation, and if she would in future behave herself he did not wish to press the case.—Defendant willingly promised this and was accordingly discharged. WEDNESDAY.—i3efOre Mr. J. Fairclough (chairman) and

Mr. J. Geddes. Kotrur DISAGREEMEXT.—Henry Jones was charged with having on Saturday, 2nd March, assaulted and beaten his wife Mary Atin Jones.—Mrs. Jones,the com- plainant, said that on Saturday night. about 12 o'clock she came home from her brother's house and defendant seized hold of her by the neck and threw her down on the floor and punched her. When she got up he struck her'on the forehead. Ile was drunk at the time, but he often left her withcut food from morning till night.— Defendant stated that his wife went out in the morning and" rolled" home at night. If the door was shut she -always kicked it. On the day in question he had only had three gills.—The magistrates considered that the case was six of one and half-a-dczen of the other, and I would therefore biad defendant over to keep the

peace. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Mary Grimes was sent to gaol for 14 days' hard labour for being drunk and dis- orderly in Horsemarket-et. on Tuesday night. THEFT FROM A SHOP.—Bridget Brown was charged with stealing from the shop of William Richardson, in Irlam-st., on Tuesday evening, two canvas aprons, value is. Defendant pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable stated that defendant was 77 years of age, and a native of Frodsham, and tramped from Wigan on Tuesday. At 6.45 on Tuesday evening a factory girl saw the defend- ant take the aprons from the she') and go up Butter- market-st. The girl told complainant's son, who fol- lowed defendant and gave her in custody to P.C. Ras- nett,who brought her to the Police Station and charged her with the theft. Defendant replied, "To h— with you and the aprons." In court she expressed her contrition, and on Mr. Taylor, P.C.M., promising to sea her to the wotkhouse she was dismissed.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS. WEDNESDAY. —Before Major Pickmere, Messrs. J. White and Bleckley. 01FENCE5 AGAINST THE LICIGISING Laws.—The following persons were fined for not having their dogs licensed .—James Kilshaw, Sankey, fined the costs ; Michael Gorman, Sankey, 10s. ; Richard Walters, Sankey, laa.; William Moody, Sankey, 10s.; James Woolly, Sankey, 10s.; Frederick Taylor, Sankey, 10a. ; Phillip Edwards, Burton wood, ordered to pay the costs ; John Llewellyn, dog at large, Sankey, ordered to pay

the costs. No NAME ON CART. —Samuel Baxter, Sankey, was fined the costs for not having his name on a cart in his possession on the 23rd February.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAT.—Before Mr. John Brundrit (chairman), and Mr. Thomas Handley. DOG LTCENSES AGAIN.—George Leathwood, Halton, was fined is. and costs for keeping a dog without a license, an the 4th February.—Thomas Hughes, Halton, was dismissed on a similar charge, he stating that they were without license forms at the Halton Post Office on the Thursday, Friday and Saturday prior to the 4th February.—John Holt, Norton, and Richard Stevenson, Weston, were each fined Is. and costs for keeping dogs without licenses. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Henry Cooke was commit- ted-to gaol for one month hard labonr, for being &link and disorderly in Halton-road, Runcorn, on the 25th February. LICENSE TRANSFERS.—The magistrates approved of the transfer of the license of the Vine Hotel, Lowlands-road. from Peter Darlington to Peter Radley, and also that of the Swan Inn beerhouse, Shaw-street, from George joynson to John Lyon. NEGLECT OF CRILDEEN.—John Stringer and -Ellen Stringer, Water-st., were summoned for having on the 20th February and on divers other days neglected their four children.—Mr. Knowles, solicitor, who prosecuted on behalf of the National Society for the Prevention of ,Cruelty to Chitdren, stated that the Society complained that-the defendants' children were unkempt and uncared for. Their bodies were covered with vermin and they scarcely had any clothes to wear. The two defendants and four children slept in one bedroom. In an upper attic two boys aged 19 and 15 slept. The bedding was quite inadequate and very filthy. The female defend- ant told the inspector of the society,• that her husband gave her 245. a week and a son gave her eleven. The male defendant was a carter at Mr. Loot's, Warrington, but he did not press the case against him. It was against the woman that he pressed for a conviction.— Inspector McAteer gave a detailed statemebt as to his several visits to the house, corroborating Mr., Knowles' statement. One child's head was a mass of scabs, and he told the mother to see a doctor about it; but she. did not do so. The house and children were in a Most deplor- able state. Mr. Lunt told him that the male defendant was a respectable old man.—lnspector Hicks and P.C. Gregory also gave evidence.—The male defendant said he had always done his best for the children. He worked at Warrington during the week and came home on Slturday. Be had told his wife to keep the children clean.—Mrs. Stringer said she never took a glass of beer in her life. Her husbaed had been out of wok for a long time. She denied the accuracy of the statements made by the witnesses for the prosecution.—The magis- trates sent her to prison for one month, and her husband for seven days.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. FWD/Y.—Before Alderman FIArTiSOD (chairman). Alder- man Wright, Councillor Roberts and Mr. S. Wright. QUARREL BETWEEN FUSTIAN CUTTERS . —Bodelia Foy, 7. Derby-st., was el larged with having assaulted Kate Hawkins, 28, Laira-St., on the 20.11 February.—Mi=s Hawkins, the Complainant, sa‘d she worked at Mr. Wil- kinson's cutting shop,and was going in there on the day in (petition when the defendant swung the door to and knocked her back. Words ensued and defendant struck complainant in the face, knocking her eye-glasses off. This statement was stipnorted by complainant's sistsr and a workmate, and defendant was bound over to keep the peace for six months and pay the costs. MONDAY. —Before the Mayor (chairman), Messrs. F. Monks, and J. W. Hayward. DRUNK AND D ISORDERIA . —For committing this offence in Buttermarket-street. on Sumday evening, John Nugent, Bruche Firm, labourer, was fined ss. ; John Buckley, 4 Mill-street, in the Market-place on the 23rd February, was fined 5. ; this prisoner made his Ist appearance, and said that if they would " look into it "be would take care not to come again, and further gave the Bench permission to give him a big dose next time. Be was then reminded that he had repeated this statement about SO times out of the 51. and had better have his big dose now .The Bench, however, gave him ' another chance, and tined him as above. A CONFECTIONER FINED FOR FURIOUS D ING.— Robert Smart, 32, Que,qt-st., confectioner, was charged with furiously drn,, a horse and van down Horse- market-street, on the 25th February. Be pleaded not guiltv.—Sergeant Smith, Sergeant Chantler, and P.C. Marsh, also deposed to seeing defendant driving down Horsemartet-st., at about 11 miles an hour. Defendant was fined 54. and costs. OBSTRUCTING A PASSA .—A DRAVIR FlNED.—Peter Paul Crampton, draper, 2,Florsemarket-Bt., was charged with having obstructed the passage of Temple-court, by leaving a large packing case standing therein for an un- reasonable time. The evidence showed that the case had been in the passage one hour and a quarter and the defence was that there was no accommodation for de- fendant to put his cases at the back. The bench decided that "it was his look out" and imposed a penalty of is. and costa.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRRINOTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the ab,Ave Council was held in Bewsev Chamber, on W.Ninesday, when the chair wai occupied lw the Rev. G. F. Roberts,and there were also present—iNtessrs. W. Houghton, J. Houghton, J. Ball, J. Warburton, T. Mather, T. Halton, J. W. Knowles ; S. Sutton (clerk), W. Owen (surveyor), F. Kerroot (nuisance inspector), Dr. Sephton (medical officer).

COMPLAINT OF POLLUTION. The Clerk read a letter from the Mersey and Irwell Joint Committee complaining that the river Mersey was being polluted by authorities and individuals upon its banks by tipping snow into it. The committee had in- structed their Clerk (Mr. F. C. Hutton) to call the atten- tion of the said authorities and individuals to the serious pollution thus caused. and if they did not desist pro- ceedings would be taken against them. lIOROIJOU EXTENSION. • A letter was read from the Local Government Board containing representations in favour of the extension of the Borough of Warrington. It was decided on the motion of Mr. Ball, settoaded by Mr. Halton, that the Streets Committee with the addition of Mr. J. Flough- tou, be appointed to meet the Corporation with respect to the proposed incorporation ot a portion of F aulton- with-Fearnhead. MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. ' The Medical Officer reported that during the month. there were 44 births, and 17 deaths. The death rate was equil to 14-8 per 1,000, against 18,the average death rate ot the last three months, and 88 the corresponding month last year. The death rate from zymotic diseases, equalled 2.2 per 1,000, against 22, the average rate of the past three months, 1.7 the corresponding month last year. The cases of infectious disease reported during the month were, scarlet fever, 15 cases, erysipelas, one case, and puerperal fever, one case. The scarlet fever epidemic in Padgate appeared to be declining as most of the cases were reported in the beginning ot the month, the last case occurring on tne 13th ult.—The report was adopted.

SURVEYOR'S REPORT. The Surveyor reported that during the month inspec- tions had been made of Mr. Hindley's Houses,Mr. Ward's house, Mr. Sileock's houses and the church 11011 SP Pad- gate, the '4 Black Horse" Inn stables, Sankey and Mr. Gould's Houses, Great Sankey. Certificate of habita- tion bad been issued for Mr. Gould's two houses Great Sankey. The following plans were submitted and being in accerdance with the byelaws might he approved. The Collins Green Colliery Company, Limited seweriug at Buttonwood ; Mr. Joseph Mason, additions to house at Fearnhead ; Mr. H. Ezard, 4 houses, Padgate ; Mr. James Warburton (Dalian)), alterations to house at Sankey; Mr.W.flindley,seven houses with shop,Padg,ate. He had been asked to report upon seven Louses Nos 198 t) 208 inclusive, in Liverpool-road, Sankey Bridges, and was of opinion that the whole of the sculleries, privies, and yard walls should be taken down and re- built, that the roofs of the main block should ,ibe re- paired,and that the windows and door frames and stone and brickwork should be repointed. Nos. 73 to 87 inclusive, Howard-s'.. were in a bad condition through- out, and required a great deal of rebuilding and repair- ing. The whole of the privies and yard walls should be taken down and rebuilt, and in the main block the roofs should be repaired, much of the plasterin, of walls and ceilings should be redone, the brickwork throughout be raked and pointed, and many of the doors and win- dows should be renewed. In both sets of houses the closets should be built on the pail systems and as there was ample space of land, the yards should be extended. —The report was adopted. This concluded the business.

Everybody wonders how the Pearson Pottery Company Hanley, can sel 100 pieces of crockery for one guinea 10. Get a post card at once, and send for ltt. A. beauti- ful dinner service, a china tea service, jugs, tasins, dishes 3se. Ilyerytody pleasurably surprised. All for one vuinea. If you wish to says money, write to the PEARSON POTTERY Co., Hanley, for particulars.—Adrt,

===== 0002601_18950309_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 9. 1895.

The drop out gave no relief, as Runcorn forwards came with a determined rush to the borne line. Abrams' pass to Faulkner raised another siege. Walsh very nicely got the ball to Diggle,and Rangeley getting a piss made tracks to Houghton but preterring to kick Houghton se- cured the ball and kicked finely back again. Another strong attack by Farmer and W. Faulkner ended in J. Faulkner crossing the home line,much to the disappoint- ment of the home supporters, the goal kick, failing. A somewhat easy game ending in favour of Runcorn by one try, three points to nothing. Runcorn: Houghton, back; Gayter, Gregory, Butterworth and Wartier,three- quarters ; Abrams and Faulkner, half backs ; Faulkner, Taylor, Walker, Lightfoot, Farmer, Johnson, Pendle- bury and Gayter, forwards. WIDNES " A " V. WARRINGTON RANGHRS.—PIayed OD the Low erhouse ground, Widnes, on Saturday, before 500 spectators. Both teams were fully represented. Peters kicked off for Widnes, who were the first to show up. The pressure was well maintained fora short time, when the visitors initiated a series of rushes, which placed the home goal in jeopardy. Neither side was, however, able to effect a lead during the firat half,when the scoria read Widnes "A '? team nil, Warrington Rangers nil. The second half was a repetition of the first. Fine combination by the for wards of both sides gave the respective defences plenty to do. At length Taylor secured a grand try, which, however' was not improved upon. Widnes thus won by a try to nil. WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S V. CASTLE RUBBER WORKS.— Played on the Liverpool-road ground on Saturday. Castle started and Higginbottom gathering from a scrimmage and transferred tp O'Brien, Who rounded his opponents in grand style, Roughley landing a goal. The visitors broke away, but P. Hampson relieved with a shert run and kick down the field. Lally returned, and W. Roughley (the full back) secured, and with a neat run along touch scored, the goal kick failing. Half-time arrived with the Saints leading by one goal one try to nil. On changing ends the game opened fast at centre. The Saints kept up the pressure, and transferred to the Castle lines, where Bennett tricked his opponents and scored; F. Hampson failed. From the drop-out the Castle appeared to fall back against the strong rushes of the Saints forwards, and O'Brien received a pass from a scrimmage and scored his second try. Passing by Big- , ginbuttorn, O'Brien and Hampson enabled the latter to score. The neatest niece of work of the game was a combined rush by the Saints' forwards from end to end. and another bout of pissing resulted in Warburton scor- ing. Resuming, the homesters were again on their lines in a moment, and Digginbettom added another try. Roughley landing a neat goal. After this the game proved uninteresting, and the Saints' were returned winners by two goals, five tries (25 points), to nil. RUNCORN V. SALFORD " A " TRAMS.—Played OR the lrwell-lane enclosure on Saturday. The following was the Runcorn team :—T. Jolley, Isack ; r. Richardson, B. West, H. Myers, and W. Brown, three-quarter backs ; W. Pendlebury and E. Woodward, half backs; B. Williams, J. Stubbs, T. Antrobus, A. Clarke, G. Shaw, C. Pendle- bury, R. Jeacock, and H. Urmson, forwards. The Run- corn team gained a somewhat easy victory, the final result being, Runcorn 3 goals, three minors, • Salford nil.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

CIRICKETDR6 should acquire the " Pocket Diary. and. V Companion " issued by the well-known Sports Mann- factures, George G. Bussey t Co., Peckham, London. All the information Cricketers require is found therein, as well as the usual Diary, yet it will go In the waistcoat pocket Leather bound, gUt edges, 611., postage id. It you are not satisfied 0. 11. B A Co. will return the price.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY.

WARRINGTON v. ROCHDALE St CLEMENTS. AN AMAZING DISPLAY OF FOOTBALL.

After along period of enforced absence, the Warring- ton men were able to take the field again on Saturday, when the the team to be tackled were the St. Clements' team from Rochdale. As a county match between Lancashire and Davonshire took place on that date, Warrington were without the servicea of Dakin who was helping the County Palatine to rout the western county. Jolley was also abaent, and Nevins' place at half-back was occupied by Bennett. The Warrington team how- ever contained Callaghan for the first time, and he gave a splendid exhibition of football. Their threequarter rank was also supposed to be strengthened by the in- clusion of Harry Bowen said to be a member, of the Cardiff first team: To give a place to this player,Moores was dropped, but as Burton was indisposed, Mlores found a place after all. I very large "gate" assembled, a great number having come to see the famous Bowen of whom great things were expected, but sad to relate, these expectations did not come off, and a more elemen- tary display of football has never been shown by any player upon the Warrington ground. Had the Warring- ton club drafted in a member of some schoolboy's team, the display could not have been worst and it is prob- able that the next time a strange footballer comes this way. Warrington will be extremely chary of taking him on. But to the game. There were about 4,000 specta- tors present as the following players commenced opera- - __

tions. Warrington : Boscow, full back; Barber, Bowen, Heesom, and Moores, three quarters ; Bate and Bennett, half basks; Turner, Taylor, Berry, Callaghan,Saunders, Barrett, Andrews and Savage, forwards. Rochdale St. Clements: L. Rigg, full back ; Butter- worth, May, Kershaw, and W. Rigg, three quarters; W. fl.inson, and Germen, half backs; Hill, Ride- hough, J. Waugh, W. Waugh, Ashworth, Tweed- dale, Watmough, and Farmer, forwards. Warrington won the toss and elected to defend the petition end,Waugh's kick off was neutralised by Bate's return which found touch at halfway. From the ensu- ing scrimmage, Bate made a snarp pass to Barber, who passed several Rochdale MM. At the right moment be passed the ball to Bowen, but this Welshmari did not appear to know what to do with it, and let it fall out of his hands. This preliminary experience of Bowen's brilliance was but a foretaste of what was to come how- ever. Fortunately in this case, the Warrington forwards werein close attendance, and by a combined dribble in which Callaghan was especially prornineat, they placed the Rochdale lines in danger but Rigg saved rather tamely. After two or three scrimmages Gorman broke away and reached neutral territory before he was col- lared by Bate. The next attack was upon Moores' wing. but that player was quite equal to the occasion, and he was loudly applauded for a dashing run and kick which sent the enemy to the quarter flag. The game con- tinued fluctuating,from the half to the quarter line,until Barber accepted a pass, end dodging through the visi• tors, after a fine run, he was within a few steps off line, when he was grassed by Gorman. This was extremely hard lines, as a try seemed certain. Warrington were now having by far the best of the game, and scrimmage after scrimmage tock place in the visitors' twenty-five. The visitors' defence however was invulnerable, and despite all the efforts of Barber, fleesorn, Moores, and Bate, no score could be made. Kershaw at length brought the prolonged attack to an end by a run to half way, where he passed to Butterworth. Boscow was only just in time to prevent a score. Moores and Heesom regained a little of the lost ground, but Ride- hough by one of his famous dribbles again put his side on the offensive. Just as Rochdale were becoming very dangerous. Bate securing the ball from the scrimmage passed to Moores who in turn passed to Heesom. This player dashed through the thick, of his opponents and alter a run almost half the length of the fi-ld was almost over, under the posts,when he was floored. This was the second dose of the cruellest of ill-luck which Warrington had experienced thus far. Warrington attacked for a considerable time, but Ridehough was again prominent by a splendid dribble which removed the scene of opera- tions to the other end. Here Smack Bate broke away and had he been well supported, something tangible might have resulted. Ridehough again dribbled down the field, Bowen failing to stop him, but Barber removed the danger. The darter was only staved off temporarily, for Ridehough got the ball over the line. Be lost pos- session, but Gorman was at hand, and put the finishing touch to a rather ftukery try. Hanson just missed land- ing a goal, the ball hitting the goal stumps. From now to half-time, uninteresting, but even play followed, and the interval arrived with the score in favour of Roch- dale St. Clement's by a try to nil. Turner recommenced operations in the last half. Kershaw replied, and a roar of laughter ensued when the ball rolled between the legs of Bowen. Had not Boseow been in attendance Warrington would have been in great danger of having another score against them. As it was they were at once penned to their lines, and on one occasion Kershaw missed dropping a goal by a few inches. Boscow was compelled ta touch down. From the kick-out, the visiting three-quarters got possession and Boscow was again called upoo. A free kick against Warringten looked dangerous, and Hareem judiciously kicked in the direction of Bowen. That player attempted to cet7ch the ball in all the ap- proved football style, but the oval refused to be caught, and another fit of merriment was caused when it passed between his hands and threugh his legs again. The Rochdale forwards were upon him in an instant, and Boscow only just saved. Barter now dribbled away, but from a scrimmage Kershaw, got possession, and with only Bowen in the way he scored easily. Hanson failed to improve the score. All the rest of the play was in favour of Rochdale, and a most disappointing game came to an end with tee result that Warrington were defeated by two tries to nil. The store fairly represents the play. The inclusion ef the Weleh player seemed to upset the Warrington team completely. ROCHDALE Sr. CLEMENTS "A" V. WASHINGTON " .On Saturday the Warrington "A" team journeyed to Rochdale to play the St. Clements "A " team there. It was close on 4 o'clock when the team arrived at thathilly town, and meanwhile the weather had changed from sunny brightness to an atmosphere of gloom, threatening to snow. On reaching the field the ground was found to be in good condition and Schofield for St. Clements kicked off at 4 p.m., before only a small number of spec- tators. After a few minutes energetic scrimmeging a well directed shot from a Rochdale forward placed the Warrington goal in imminent danger. Another scrim- mage resulting, Rochdale broke loose and a neat bit of passing among the half backs brought the game well within the visitors 25, but a well directed rush reversed the position of the opposing teams and play settled down in the home goal. Here Warrington took their oppor- tunity and M Orin rushing the ball scored the first try of the match. Frora the place kick Carey converted it into a goal, following which the game again rolled back to mid-field, where J. Sankey, throwing off his opponents' made a brilliant run,almost the length of the field,onlybeing grassed close on the home line. This advantage gained, Warrington endeavoured hard to score, the consequent scrim- mages bringing the game nearer than ever to the St. Clement's goal. Woods just managed to clear the line, making the second try which Raedlea neatly converted. Half-time snon afterwards arrived with as much difter- ence in score as feeling—Warrington, 2 goals and grati- fication ; St. Clements, nil, and disappointment. On the re-start, play was of a more even character, St. Clem- ents playing with considerable vigour. The give and take character was only, however, of short duration, for Buckley made a dashing run and succeeded in regis- tering a try under the Warrington goal posts. Elie kick at real by F. Kershaw was also successful. Another try seemed likely to be scored shortly after, but proved abortive through the player being knocked into teuch. St. Clements then began to press in a most business. like manner, a series of scrimmages taking place near the Warrington goal, and from one of which Oddie just I managed to get over the line with the second try for Rochdale, but the kick at geal failed. Strenuous efforts I were afterwards made to eqoalise, but the Warrington 1 men -sere too much on the alert and time was called with the score : Warrington " A," 2 goals; Rochdale, St. Clements" A," 1 goal, 1 try.—The teams were com- posed as follown : Warrington Mannion,full back ; Edels- -1 ten, Lawless J. Sankey, and Foster, threequarters : Carey and Wood, half-back. ; Randles, Swift, Burrows, Thornton, Makin, Sudlow, Holmes, and G. Sankey, for- wards. Rochdale St. Clements : W. Mills full back: G. Kershaw, C. Simeon, J. L. Hill, F. Aehworth, three- qua rters ' • F. Kershaw and J. Collinseialf hacks ; F. Stan- field, W. Oddie, F. Waugh, J. Hawser), W. Eilmundeon, C. Buckley, A. Kershaw and J. Oldie, forwsrds. RUNCORN Ir. SALFORD.—At Salford, on Saturday, King started the ball, and the return being prevented,Abrams dribbled to touch near the centre. The ball was taken to Mainwaring, but Taylor got him ball in hand. From a pack, Abrams, Warder, Gaytor, and Gregory by pass- ing caused play on the home line, where they had an anxious time. The forwards got the ball away, Rough- ton checking the movement. Butterwerth, after some paesing tried a drop at goal, when R. V) alsh charged him over, the game being stopped. Butterworth left the ground, leavine. Runcorn with fourteen men. Sal- ford still kept up the advantage during the time Run- corn wore short, and caused some excitement amongst the spectator.. For a time play was pretty even, pass- ing by Faulkner and Gregory gave Mainwaring trouble, but claiming a mark he got run near the home line. Score at half-time :—Runcorm nil; Salford,nil. After he inter- val Faulkner started. Diggle replying to Butterworth, the kicking ending in favour of Runcorn, until Deacon end Diggle got away, Houghton pushing the last man into touch, when apparently clear of everybody. Some pretty passing by all the Runcorn three-quarters was nipped by Rangeley tackling Gayter on the wing. The advantage gained was strongly kept. Abrams and Faulkner repassed, and Bntterworth kicked instead of throwing to hni wing, the ball 'going dead.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

FARNWORTH Y. I'ENEETH —These two teams met at I Farnworth, on a slushy ground, on Saturday, before a I good gate. Farn worth were but indifferently repre- sented. The visitors secured the first two goals, Pam- worth replying with a single. At half-time, Penketh was leading by a goal. In the second half Farnworth had all the play, but the visitors scored from break- aways. Erratic shooting on the homesters part, re- sulted in Penketh winning by four goals te one. WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL V. HOLY TRINITY.— This Match was played on Saturday, on the Grammar School ground. In the first quarter of an hour the home forwards by good passing obtained a goal; and after home even play in mid-field the achievement was repeated. The opposing team made several good rushes but were not successful in front of goal. In the first haU the School put on three goals, while the attempts of the losers were repulsed. Shortly after resuming, the Trinity forwards gained their only goal, though Some of the homeaters put in an over-ruled claim for "bands.', Final score: —The Grammar School, three; Holy Trinity one goal. LONDON AND NORTH-WF.ATERN V. CHESHIRE LINES COMMITTEE—I' match in aid of the distress was played on the cricket ground on Saturday afternoon. The day was very cold, consequently very few spectators turned up. The Mayor (Councillor FAirclough) was to have kicked off, hut he did not attend. The London and North-Western club was assisted by a number of men from other clubs, and therefore played a better game. The game %vas a very tame one, and the London and North-West,rn men scored four goals easily in the first half. During the second, half the Cheshire Lines men played up much better and succeeded in preventing their opponents from scoring any further. Norman, Bell. and Pod more were the best and most active among the players, they doing the most of the scoring. The game ended in the London and North-Western winning by 4 goals to nil. Although so few people attended, a large number of tickets were sold.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
DISA.ET ROES FATUI FIRE NEAR

• IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

FRIDAY. THE NEW FACTORY BILL.

In the House of Commons, on Friday, amongst the Bills brought in by private members and read a first time was Sir C. Cameaon'eaßill "to put an end to the establishment of the Church of Scotland, and to deal with the public endowments thereof on the occurrence of vacancies." Mr. ASQUITH asked leave to bring in a Bill to amend and extend the law relating to factories and workshops. Be explained that it contained provisions for further safeguarding the life and health of workers in factories and workshops, for improving the sanitary conditions under which they worked, and for the prevention of accidents by machinery and fire. Power was given to the Hkape Secretary—a power he already possessed in reference to mines—to direct inquiry by experts into any accident in a factory or a workshop. There were also provisions to prevent an occupier evading his legal obligations by getting work dme outside in places into which inspectors could not penetrate, and to restrict the working of overtime.l There was no extension of the minimum age of child labour, but if there was anything like a generaleagree- reent in the House to adopt the age of twelve instead of eleven the Government would heartily sympathise with that view. Steam laundries would in future be treated as facteries, and other laundries as workshops ; and docks, wharves, and quays, and building operations where machinery was employed would be brought within the operation of the law, and also bakehouses generally. The "particulars clause" of the Act of 1891 was to be applied to every textile worker paid by the piece. Places where garments were made would have in future to be kept at a temperature of not less than 80 degress, and places where poisonous materials were used were also dealt with. Lastly, factories and workshops would be registered. Sir J. Goasx said be should propose a clause to extend the minimum age of child labour to twelve, so as to meet the national obligation entered into at the Berlin Conference. Sir H. JAMES. Mr. MATTHEWS, MT. MIINDELLA, and others endorsed the measure generally, Mr. Mum- DELLA. also approving of an extension of the age limit. Mr. Banns advocated the abolition of half-time labour and the raising of the age to fourteen, Leave being given, the hill was brought in, and it was read a first time amid cheers. Mr. ASQUITH introduced another bill to amend the Truck Acts,and it too was read a first time. The sitting of the House was suspended shortly before seven o'clock. At the evening sitting, Mr. BENN called attention to the proposed agreement between the Post-office and the National Telephone Company, and moved the appoint- ment of a Select Committee on the subject. Mr. A. Monte denied that there was any foundation for the idea that the Post-office was preparing to create a huge private monopoly. Sir W. Ilinconar having explained that the intention of the Government was to inquire into the nature Of agreement, Mr. BENN'S motion was withdrawn, and the Committee offered by the Govern- ment agreed to. Select Committees were also appointed to inquire into the question of employment for old soldiers, sailors and marines, and the laws relating to the adu!teration ,of food.

MONDAY. THE IRISH LAND BILL.

In the House of Commons on Monday evening Mr. Bevce.replying to Mr.TOMLINSON.Said the Board of Trade was doing its best to consider the disputes as to railway rates as expeditiously as possible, in order that traders might be able to lodge their complaints with the railway Commissioners. Mr. MORLEY asked leave tl introduce the Govern- ment's Irish Land Bill. He said that most, though not all, of his proposals were founded on the report of the Committee of that House. The right bon. gentleman went into detail as the provisions of the bill. With regard to the case of the evicted tenants, he made a proposal which representatives of Irish landlords had declared would prove adequate. He , proposed, with some modifications, the re-enactment of the 13th section of the Act of 1891. He himself had no sort of belief that meant the final settlement of the question, but it could do no harm, and if by the goodwill of the parties con- cerned the provision was widely operative the effect must be good. He appealed to all sober and responsible men to give a fair and careful consideration to the bill, and not lightly to fling away an opportunity of placing on the Statute-book a just and politic scheme. filr.Carasost said there were proposals in the bill which might lead to the subversion of many of the fundamental principles on which the Act of 1881 was founded. Mr. CLANCY said the bill did not add anything to the facilities already. existing for the restoration of evicted tenants. Dr. RENTOUL said there was not in the whole of Ulster a single tenant whose desires were not in the direction of this Bill. Mr. MACARTNEY said if he found that the proposals of the Government were genuine amendments of the spirit and the letter of the Act of 1881, they would fied no stern opponent in him ; but if they were directed to any fresh assault on the property of the Irish landlords he should meet them with strenuous opposition. Mr. T. W. Russer,r, spoke favourably of the Bill, though he said he would not pledge himself to the det ins. Colonel BAIINDERSON said if Mr. MORLEY would consent to some alterations :he Bill might pass. After some further discussion leave was given to bring in the Bill, which was read a first time. Mr. BRYCE moved fee leave to bring in the Concilia- tion and Arbitration Bill. The Marquis of CARUARTHEN was spea,king in opposition to the Bill at midnight, and the debate stood adjourned.

In the House of Lords the second reading of the Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Bill was moved by Lord TWERDATOUTIL It was, he said, in most respects the same as that which left that House last session. The objections to the Government bill last year were to the clauses requiring owners of mussel-beds to produce their respective titles, and the compulsory division of the sea. ' board into districts. With regard to the first point,some modification had been introduced; and with regard to the second, Scotland was treated precisely on the same lines as those contained in the English bill. The Mar- quis of HUNTLEY said the restrictions imposed by the bill were most unpopular throughout Scotland, and he warned the Government that the Scotch members would not permit it to pass the other House. The bill was read a second time and referred to a Select Committee. The Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland, No. 2) Bill was • also read a second time and referred to a Select Committee. TUESDAY. CONUILIATION IN TRADE DISPUTES.

In the HOW% of Commons on Tuesday evening Sir W. HARCOURT, replying to Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, said he could not say on what day the 'first reading of the Local Veto Bill would he taken before Easter. On Mr. BRYCE'S motion for leave to introduce a bill to make better provision for the settlement of trade disputes Sir J. GORST said that what WAS wanted WAS that some public authority,should have power to compel parties to trade disputes to state their case, leaving such pllblic authority, if it thought fit, to express its opinion as to whether matters had proceeded to such an extremity that no remedy but war was practicable. But this bill only enabled the Board of Trade and local authorities to persuade people to establish volunteer boards of arbitra- tion and conciliation. Sir J. PEASE said the great point was what powers they were going to put into the 'ands of the tribunal. What he desired was some tribunal which had power to examine witnesses and report, for nothing terminated a strike so quickly as public opinion. Mr. MUNDELLA, while agreeing that the House ought to have an opportunity of discussing the subject, reminded the Opposition that they talked the bill nutseveral times last session.—Mr. CHAMBERLAIN said the bill must do something more than the conciliation boards had done; otherwise it would boa farce and a sham.—The motion was agreed to, and the bill was brought in and read a first time, the second reading being fixed for next

• Tuesday. The Hong(' then went into Committee, on the Civil Service and Revenue departments supplementary esti- mates.—Mr. DARLING called attention to the case of Dom BeLvonn, and said the Committee were entitled to an explanation of what the Government had done to obtain that person's extradition and of the wa.7 in which they had anent £7,000 in the matter.—Sir E. GREY as- sured the House that the Government had done all they could to enforce the provisions of the Extradition Treaty. There was no reason to suppose that when the actions against BALyoun were disposed of the Argentine Govern- ment would not extradite him.—The ATTORNEY GENERAL said he undertook to order the prosecution of anyone in this country who could be proved to be aiding BALFOUR in evading justice. The matter was still under discus- sion when the hour for adjournment arrived. WEDNESDAY.

THE BURIALSBILL.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday the second reading of the Burials Bill was moved by Mr. CARVELL WILLIAMS. The vital principle of the bill he said, was that consecration would not confer any right or privi- lege, or impose any disability, obligation, or liability which would not have attached to the burial ground if it remained unconsecrated, and any chapel, whether consecrated or not, would he available for all services. Mr. Totitnssott moved the rejection of the bill on the ground that due regard was not paid in it to the feelings and desires of the members of the Church of England. Viscount CRANBORNM seconded the motion for the re- jection of the bill. Mr. PuRKS said Noncon- formists had petitioned year after year for the amendment of the burial laws, but not from a desire to pull down the Church of England. Sir G. 0. MORGAN said nothing had done more, especi- ally in Wales, to strengthen the demand for the disestab- lishment of the Church than the attitude adopted by certain clergy in regard to the burial ser,ice. Sir W. BARCOURT said the bill had for its object the redress of grievances of a serious character,and he hoped he House would pause before it refused to give the measure a second reading. On a division being taken the second reading was passed by 224 to 113,a majority of 111. Mr. WILLIAMS then moved that the bill should he referred to the Standing Committee on Law, but objection being taken, the motion stood over. On the motion of Colonel LONG, the Market Gardeners'

===== 0002601_18950309_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

£3,000 ,DAMAGE.

Early on Monday morning, one of the most disastrous farm fires which have occurred in this district, took place at Parkside Parm, Aston, Preston Brook. The farm is in the occupation of Messrs. George and John Percival, and the block of outbuildings, occupying a considerable area, is situated within a short distance from the house. At mid-night on Sunday, gr. George Percival and a cow-man named Thomas Clarke,attended to a sick cow, and on their Issuing, everything seemed quiet and safe. But at four o'clock next morning, a ploughman named Thomas Massey was amazed to find a portion of the oetbuildings one mass Of flame. He im- mediately apprised Mr. George Percival, who was early on the spot.and found the wooden ehippons,brick stables and a large corrugated iron shed containing implements. to use hi; own words to our representative, "in a wild flame." Mr. John Percival and the farm labourers were aloe promptly in atter.dance, and a messenger was des- patched with all haste to Runcorn for the services of the tire Brigade. In the meantime strenuous efforts were made to release the horses and cows from their dangerous quarters, and this was done at great risk of life. Great difficulty was experienced in this work. especially with regard to the horses, and it was found necessary to tie bags over their heads to prevent them from seeing the flames. Thirteen horses were rescued in this manner, about 70 cows, and a fold of sheep. But these were by no means all the live steck in the burning buildings. Eight cows, eight horses,five sheep, 1 over 90 pies, and;about 100 hens and ducks were liter- ally roasted alive. Another pen, containing ten sheep; was fortunately saved,as were also about 30 pigs. The fire brigade arrived about 6.30, and they immediately directed their attention chiefly to the outbuildings which had not yet caught fire, and arrested the progress of the flames. Mr. William Wright, assistant superinten- dent of the fire brigade, was in charge. Superintendent Atherton and P.S. Bonfield also appeared on the scene. The outbuildings which caught fire were completely gutted. Ole of the buildings was of corrugated iron, and was 38 yards long, 24 yards wide and 28 feet in height. It contained, in addition to a large quantity of seed corn and provender, three lurries, two of which were totally destroyed and the other badly. damaged,and also a threshing machine and engine, reaping and mow- ing tackle and other farm implements. These latter articles have all been rendered unfit for use. The two brick stables, containing the horses, the greater portion of which were rescued, also provided accommo- dation in the lofts for about 300 tons of hay and straw, seed potatoes, and horse gearing. They were also used as a piece of storage by the wheelwright and black- smiths on the farm. .one of the horses rescued was badly hurt in rushing through the fire. The seed pota- toes were roasted in their " jackets," and the other articles have been rendered practically valueless. But it was in the shippons that the most serious devastation occurred, and the conflagration was here seen at its worst. In addition to providing accommodation for 48 milch cows they also sheltered a large quantity of pigs, and of these latter animals no fewer than 90 perished. A sheep pen end five sheep were also destroyed together with a pen of fowl*. It is highly probable that the damage would have been much more serious had not the wind changed in a more favourable direction a short time after the outbreak of fire. A horrible spectacle presented Itself when the fire had subsided. Whole carcases of pigs, sheep, horses and cows, some burnt, others partly so, were to be seen lying in heaps. Some of the cows seemed to have struggled violently in order to break away from the chains fastening them to their ealls. The roasted hogs reminded one of Lamb's dis- sertation on roast pig. The firemen continued to pour water upon the buildings until two o'clock when they returned home. The damage is roughly estimated to be £3,000, and almost all is covered by insurance. The origin of the fire remains a mystery. SHIP CANAL.

MORE SHIPS FOR THE CANAL. The steamers of the North German Lloyd will shortly begin running to Manchester, the first of them, tke Beiher, being expected on the 13th inst. A fortnightly service to Canadian ports will be established in April. The Wilson line of steamers, whose operations have hitherto been confined to Hull, will, in order to safe- guard the firm's Lancashire trade, shortly begin running from Manchester to various Baltic ports. The last item of interest is that the City line steamer City of Dublin— the first belonging to this line to come up the canal— will load in Manchester from Bombay and other Indian ports about the 26th inst.

Bill WISH IN 111,d-i4. Silfferers from Gr,vel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout will find a roe tivP Core in llolroyd's Gravel Pile. Try a small box and If not Patisfied your money will be returned. Price Is. lid,. of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLBOYD'S Medical Hall, Checkheaten, Yorks. Doq't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sext post.—Adv.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Compensation Bill was read a second time. Mr. HOLLAND moved the second reading of the High Courts of Justice (Lancashire Sittings) Bill. Mr. BROMLEY-DAVENPORT objected on the ground that it was a bill that altered the whole procedure of the courts in Lancashire. As he persisted in his objection tb.e motion stood adjourned, and the House shortly afterwards rose.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

FOOTBALL.

After a very long rest, the Warrington team were able to commence operations again, and renew their acquaint- ance with their supporters on Saturday. It was so long since , the first team operated in Warrington that they were becom- ing almost strangers, and therefore it was with something like grateful feelings to the weather, for its " better late titan never" improvement that football enthusiasts wended their way to the football field on Saturday. The "bill of fare" was nothing extra—only Rochdale Clements—but still anything would do after having no football at all for so long. There was consequently a very large gate to welcome the local heroes.

It was not the restart of the football season, however, I which was the only draw. A large number, including a contingent from Earlestown, had come to witness the advent of a new player, who was going to astonish the natives, and introduce a new style of play into the War- rington team. In fact, he was going to show Barber how to score, Heesom how to defend, and Burton how to rua,and Moores must stand down to give him a place. In fact, I know of one man who ought to have been at lais work that afternoon but who got off purposely to see Bowen play.

Well, Bowen did astonish everybody. tie was al- ways very busy watching the ball, but whenever it came near to him he almost invariably let the next man have it. Once or twice he managed to get it, but what to do with it he had not the clearest idea. He generally went in a bee line for the goal posts with a most peculiar canter, and, of course, going in a straight I line, alwayb meant being promptly collared.

The spectators opened their eyes at this kind of play. They did not give him up until half time. They thought that perhaps he had not had a fair chance. However, after the interval, the Rochdale men seeing where Warrington's weakness lay, commenced playing towards Bowen, and the result was bad for the local team. The new player certainly distinguished himself, ' but not in the desired way. His performances were the talk of Saturday night and the greater part of the week also. When the list of the team for to-day was put out in Mr. Toft's window, many were the queries whether Bowen was there again. Of course he was net.

I haie said enough about Bowen now, and few words will suffice for the game itself. I believe it is the first time that Warrington have suffered defeat at home at the hands of Rochdale St. Clements. The defeat of six points to nil about represents the game, but it must be remembered that Warrington were demoralised by the failure at three-quarters. It must be admitted, however, that the forwards played a very poor game, and will have to improve to withstand Wigan to-day. " Smack " Bate played a splendid game at half, but Bennett was only moderate. Three of the three-quarters played well considering that they were so hampered. Barber played a really magnificent game, and had the hardest of luck several times. Heesom also was as brilliant in the attack as he is usually in the defence, and Mooi-es also played a champion game. Boscow was as safe as ever, and it is surprising how consistent he always plays.

To-day Warrington meet their old foes from Wigan. The match, of course, loses some interest owing to it not counting as a league match, but the cherry and whites are always popular in Warrington, and a largo gate will doubtless be present. It will be remembered that the two teams met at Wigan shortly before Wigan were suspended, and that Warrington then drew with them, this being the first check in the .victorious career of the Wiganers. If the forwards will play as good a game as they did then, I do not doubt but that Wigan will return home defeated. It is the forward rank, however, where Warrington's weak point lies at present. The back divi- sion is greatly improved from that of the beginning of season, and it is to be hoped that the forwards will also be strengthened.

To meet Wigan to-day, the following team has been selected to do duty for Warrington :—Boscow,full back; Barber, Beesom, Burton, and Massey, threequarters ; Bate and Foden half backs ; Turner, Jolley, Dakin, Taylor, Berry, lioughton, Thorniley, and Callaghan,,for- wards.

The Warrington " A" team came in for a little sur- prise on Saturday when they visited the town of Roch- dale to combat the St. Clement's "A" team there. In the first place on arriving at their destination they were informed that the field was 6' a tidy way," but nothing daunted, the players set off and discolored ere long,that in addition to being "a tidy way," a consider- able amount of climbing was necessary before reaching it. First up and then up again—there was very little down in it—and after a walk of over a mile the much desired dressing-rootsT was gained by the Warrington men who were as hot and hungry as if the game had been played off. Nevertheless when the game started it was seen that they were still pretty spry and gave their opponents a busy time in the first half, which termin- ated with Warrington, two goals to nil.

The second half was of a livelier nature, the game working first from one goal and then to the other, Roch- dale getting in a goal and a try. The match would have ended in a draw but for the failure of the Rochdale goal kick from the second try, arid taking it all round th 9 game was very even and provided the onlookers with endless excitement and speculation. Another time Rochdale would do well to provide a 'bus for their op- ponents if they don't want to be accused of making their distant ground a stratagem for taking the stamina and freshness out of their visitors.

The Warrington " A "team go to Wigan to-day to meet the Wigan "A" team. At Warrington, Wigan won rather easily, but as the Wiganers have not played a single match since the beginning of November, they will no doubt be rather rusty. There will, however, be no cripples, and therefore Warrington must not be over confident.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WA MIN GTON.

THE CORPORATION FINANCES.

Colonel Ducat, an inspector of the Local Govern- ment Board,visited Warrington on Tuesday for the purpose of making an inquiry into the finances of the Warrington Corporation. The proceedings were of a private nature, and the inspector afterwards remarked that he had found everything satisfac- tory. , THE PROPOSED EXTRNSION OF THE BOROUGH BOUNDARY.

The Corp)ration have received an intimation from the Parish Council of Latchford Without to the effect that they are in favour of the proposals offered by the Corporation to the parish for amal- gamating it with the borough. Further, that a meeting of the ratepayers will shortly be held to confirm or reject the resolution of the Parish Coun- cil to accept the proposals of the Corporation. It is understood that most of the principal ratepayers in the Appleton township are agreeable to the Cor- poration's terms and are in favour of uniting with the borough. BURNING ACCIDENT. Nora Jennings, aged six years, and residing with her parents at 20, Chorley-street, was on Monday received into the Warrington Infirmary suffering from rather serious burns about the arms and face. The child being cold ran into the house to warm herself by the fire. She ventured too close to the bars of the grate, however, and her clothes became ignited. Her mother at the time was ill in bed,but some neighbours hearing the little girl's screams entered the house and extinguished the flames, but not before the child was badly burnt.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A SECRET.

Do you worry Uecause you look so very pale, with lips almost white and feel as though nothing could restore you to vigorous happy life ? If so, take Cockburn's Tonic Blood Pills and stop worrying. They make cheeks like roses and delicate ladies strong. Of all chemists in boxes at le., 2s. 6d., and 4s. 6d., or per post 2d. extra direct from the makers, COCKBURN'S Dana Swine, Howard-st.. Glasgow. Agent for Runcorn : Messrs. SPEAKMAN Biros., 7, High-st., Warrington: Boo's, Limited.

PI

WARRINGTON FIELD CLUB. At a meeting held at the Museum, on rridaY,.. • evening, Alderman Bolton lectured on orchids, a which among numerous other Rowers, he has lonf4 been a skilled cultivator. His remarks were de- livered in an easy colloquial style,and illustrated by a series of beautiful flowers, which showed the great variety of form and colour which obtain within this curious group of plants. Mr. 13olton has evidently been a close student, not only of the plants and their habits,but of the insects which are associated with them, arid his description, of these latter was listened to with great interest. gill manner of presenting the facts laid him open W", criticism, and several members joined in a livelY discussion which followed the lecture. Mr. Wilton,- replied,and so concluded what washy no means th least successful garbing of the session. WARRINGTON GOSPEL TEMPERANCE MISSION. On Saturday evening the choir of Emmeline' Church gave a temperance service of song, e titled " Lost Gip," illustrated with limelight slid , in the Temperance Mission Hall, Buttermarket-s The hall was crowded. The Rev. E T. Reed 101' sided, and referred to certain comments which hfr, been made in a local newspaper in reference to tu' facts and figures which he used in the above ball week since. The rev. gentleman re-stated thee facts and figures, and held them to be true. He bel: nothing to correct or withdraw. The Rev. E. Reed officiated as reader and lanternist, as well a. ' chairman. Mr. Henry Gandy conducted the itniel cal part of the service, which was throughout we' rendered, and a success. On Sunday night a pen temperance meeting was held, conducted by Mr. 0 Drury, and addressed by Mr. J. W. Tanner and ble, A. Denny. On Monday a well-attended band 0; hope meeting was held, conducted by Mr. Ada' 4 Horrock's. Temperance pledges were signed at th above meeting. BUCKLEY-STREET METRODIST FREE CIIIIRCLi• The annual prize distribution took place in ;11 loon

took pi, schoolroom of the above on Sunday aftern( fore a large number of scholars and friends. 01, Scott (secretary of the church) presented the 10,!' lowing scholars with prizes on behalf of tt Church Committee for collecting fa aid of the ing Day Treat :—Messrs. F. Simpson, H. Adams, ' Egerton, W. Yates, W. Cook, and C. Trow ; APO, C. Appleton and L. Fairhurst. Mr. Trovr, on bells, of Mr. Simpson and Mr. Roberts, made presents Messrs. J. Ryder. A. Leech and W. Yates ; Mis C. Appleton, J. Urmston, F. Timmins, L. Scott to Mrs. Cook for regular attendance and good condil• at the bible classes. Mr. fiewitt also presenG' prizes for regular attendance and good conduct Messrs. E. Isherwood, J. Isherwood, W. Isherwoo! H. Adams, S. Adams, W. Adams, R. Harrison, Appleton, Misses M. Ashton, A. Fairhurst, Houghton, L, Fairhurst, M. Bata. Master A. TN" also received a prize from Mr. Simpson for his set' vices on the piano at the Band of Hope entertaitr, ments. The superintendent brought the afternoon meeting to a close with prayer. ST. BARNIBAS. SUNDAY SCHOoL. On Sunday afternoon the teachers, friends, 6 a scholars met to present Miss Wilmshurst, the he,sl_ mistress of the Infants' School, with a testimon„,lB' expressing their great regret at her departure. Vicar made the presentation, which consisted 0r.,, handsome photographic album With musical 13'9! Scott's Poems,a copy of Hymns Ancient and Moder; a gold brooch, and several gifts from friends and hle.. the course of his remarks said that, although regretted to think that Miss Wilmshurst was ab°"ll to take her departure after working so long 891,. assiduously both for the church and Sunday set% it gave him great pleasure to presyns thee tOO4 of love to her from her fellow teachers, pupils eas. parents. In reply, Miss Wilmshurst said it wd.. with pleasure and gratitude she received the 110,0 some gifts. She was sure she should look them as the dearest treasures she possessed. fe-ci felt very sorry to leave them, as they bad wor'''„ict amicably together for over three years. She only add that he hoped the numbers would ice'tro up and that, the echoors would continue prosper.

"THE CASH FOR THE 1L.?." On Wednesday evening, Mr. Leonard Hall tI candidate for Ninth East Manchester) gave an , dress at the Cairn-street Schools on " The case:w. the 1.L.P." There was a good attendance, aq'j, chair was taken by Mr. S. Jeffery, assisted Podmore, jun. Mr. Hall, in the course eloquent address. claimed that the ludepenn„ Labour Party were out and out thorough-o:g., democrats. They were democrats everywhere anywhere,and the only democratic party at pre.9,7 in the country, and they believed in dernocracY. not individualism as applied to electoral mac' and politics, and to economics and indui', matters. Their motto was in all wave "BY and all and for each and all." Speaking Liberal and Tory parties Le said the onlY difference between them was the difference it,l which could get the biggest share of vvaat 1134 were plundering from the working people. 111 reference to the present member for Warringta%B said that he had not done much except•vote agaix the Eight Hours Bill and try to smash the en pleyers' Liability Bill. Referring to the late incy bar, Sir Gilbert Greenall, the speaker asked b°,l was he was a millionaire, and then answere-11” query by saying that he was a' millionaire ne tip his own earnings but by scraping togather,oar earnings ot other people. The speaker neoq.,-gre pared and criticised the programmes of the Lay& and Tory parties.during the last election, sad av-, that the balance was, of the two, in favour 0' Liberals.

CONCERT AT BARRET BRIDGES. , An excellent concert was held at the Bridges Wesleyan schoolroom on Saturday frie",-1 in all of the funds of the Wesleyan crick eO, The promoters of the concert had gone to cci.' able trouble in engaging artistes for the a". and, as a result, a capital programme will; mitted to a very appreciative audience. The was ()cod pied by Mr. J. Summersgill, and there, a good attendance, although it would Wi' doubt have been larger, had the weather beeato'f), severe. The programme was opened by a PJ forte solo, by Mr. Paton who well sustai" \fr., reputation of being a very brilliant pianist. 0 Fanshawe aleo sang" The village blacksmith. later on," The sailor's grave," with excelleq,e, Messrs. R. 11. Pearson, If. Bond, and W. fl• Ili' upon the violin, 'cello, and piano,executed "La Colombe " (Gound), and " GiPsY nled (Hayden) so cleverly that they were comp osft. accede to an encore. They were equally saccoo in the trio, " Loin du bal," and " Intertait (Jlascagni). Mrs. Pearson is too well know co, Warrington audience to require any introduoie and her v-ice was heard to advantage in Star of Bethlehem," and "Fiddle and L' ci( latter of which Mr. It. IL Pearson played a Mr• obligato, and for which she was eacore,l. sag Richardson has a rich tenor voice, and ;, for Lido waters," and "The anchor's weighV' d latter of which he was heartily encoreu.,B7/ears°, "My pretty Jane," in response. Mr. R. also further showed his power as a violinobsoce solo," Romance" (Touro), and "Ilaililaria„livi (Volkmann), and also in the grand dim, p, Tell," in conjunction with Mr. W. IL PavTod favourite of the evening was Mr.Nl.l3utterigts aro excels as a reciter. His elocutionary Wve a very high order, and his recitai 'hip) Ruhin,tein piano," was a masterpieO• eoitt provoked roars ot laughter by another r st entitled " 'Tarnation strango," which Wl° eac of the most absurd Yankeeism's. He Wasdop on each occasion, but only re-apyeare_ost, second, when ho gave" Nowt at all,' in a _woo splitting manner. A hearty vote of tho'r accorded the artistes on the moti°,,ltiale• Thompson, seconded by Mr. U. speakers also regretting the absence of Mr:nort through illness and a very successful cot!sa brought to a close by the singing °it 1 Anthem.

• MATHEW. —Mrs. Winslow' soothing 01)1 used over fifty years by millions of mothers for,';':„, the while teething with perfect success. It will sufferer immedi dely. It is pleasant to taste:..in, natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child frointi;,o little cherub awakes "as bright as aIP Chemists, ls. lad. per bottle.—. Advt.

i eit ll' H . , , f., . 1 . , t, ...- , ',;' !, q I, ,q' , if : , ~, '1! 4. , , , , , , ' , , , ,D.r. ad' for •le- ,J,' o 0 ,nr OE4 Old ,;oOEl° r 06; ieer.; each tb6; relv to )th ith .0 bet le oleur Je byr be l' ,berol, dde° 016 /soXel el"h' )01 v 1 chair Chai', waS 13 „y A 105 dig J.l),i , stv) , fret, , e_totir fay. •„, Is • do 101 id to 9°116 Of 10°8:z0' io•- 0 to ,i taco oolli , the 010 'if) ',.00 , the ~d .g3;toe pest:to !.., u •,, TV ' viDi i 0 618' 13 O i r, Ati 0 , 005 got,„O 00 040 0° a. •ty teY, ~gP ,gro-10 Irt 10 Ntioti g oe 0 —• oo "ah'earer , ,_,., ,vr :,. 0,.. „,,,ee• r tirjoe, P 5 9 i 6 of 1 i Jaill t

===== 0002601_18950309_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RAnwAx TIME TABLE

MARCH.

FROM WARRINUTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 10 45. 1 50, 2 35, 55. 35 *2B. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altear and lhouse-7 12,8 37,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 4 o,a 63S 9 Sundays 9 40, 25. 8 50. a Stops if requirea. Ihrminghain (L & N.-W.)*30.a3 23, 7 10 9 50. 12 0, 1 50,3 58, 5 15 6 , , 30, 7 28, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 2C., 11 35. a Mon- -43'4 onlv. *Mondays excepted. sfllnghaintsiddland)-6 14. 9 32, 1155, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0. b 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. Blackburls-2 40, 520 545, 8 3', 955, 11 40,12 35, 2 25,3 43, 14, 847 102. Sundays 843.60. Blackpool-5 20, 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 1.0 0, 'll 40,12 35, 2 25, 4 48, 6 14, 1 17, 847, 102. Sundays 240,843 60. /10_1ton-5 45,8 25,9 19. 10 U, tO 4J. 3 20, 4 21, 6 25, 717, 15 Sundays 843 a.m., 50. p.m. Carlisle-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 955, 100, 11 40, 2 40, 3 48. Sun- -440 2 40, 3 35. Chester-* 7 42. 95, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 4C„ 1 52, 3 17, 22. 6 11, 64, 7 42, 10 14,11 32. Sundays 8 44, 7 45,11. 32. Collins Green-7 10, 820. 10.5. 12 7, 12 35, 330, 3 48, 55, • 20. 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. 2 grewe-a3 0, 5323, 710. 8 26, 950. 10 .15, 120, 150, • 3 11, 5 15, 728. 1135. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 23, aMonaays excepted. bMondays only. illamare*burY-7 42, 9 5, 1215, 1 52. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14, daYs 8 44, 7 45 p.m. 44 ill.tiaearraibia.t 0(1! u-5 45 i4,151a:, id)-_.84 1254, 1155, 1255, 320,50, 1153, , 7 /U, 825. 835, 10 43, 1235, 1 15/ 12.5 55, 9 16, 10 10, 10 20. Stuidays,7 40, 8 43, 60, 7 '47 *Saturdays only. ,p 9.55, 1140, 1235, 2 25, 348, 10 15, 1201tIler's Betty Peak, th -7 38, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 25, p. 2,8 17. öO, 948. Sundays 6 48, 2 40, 7La 7 r°dsharn 742,95. 10 23, 12 15. 1 52, 3 17. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p..n. 1 ft.r°n Line,l-7 i 2, 756, 8 31, 9 5, 10 50., 120 11..;n4 0, 29, 610, 0, 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- -9 55, 11 25. 2 32, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays cSatordays ex '...epted. ▪ '"80w-2 49, 5 20, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35. 2 40, 3 43, 10 2. 115aYs 2 40, 9 45. 4.1-olborne-b 45, 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 35, 1 15 *Saturdays t-.,1 3 48. 5 35, 7 11, 9 15 10 10. Sundays 843.60. 629 1411 Green-7 12,7 56,8 31,9 5,a950,10 40,12 0,1 5,2 10,4 0. a 0 4. 6 33. 70, 7 10, 80, 8 37, a 9 30, alo 15, Sunday 26,2 02, 918. a Mondays and Saturdays only. cSat- -f• gs excepted. and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 70, 105 10 12, 3 17, 15, 7 18, 928. 'From Arpley Station-6 40, 7 22. 8C,9 0, 9 58, ors 10 /6, 2 38, 4 11,5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13. • YB a bo, 3 8. 816. aSaturdays only. 49.1rP00l (L. & N.-VV.)-5 25, 7 10, 8 20, 835, 10 5, 127. 1020. Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 8 46, 3 28. • 9.45. From High Level Platform. • 001. (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 25,10 0,10 14, • 20, 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, •(Cheshire Liae.)-a4 29. 530, 7 12, 7 56, 8 37, 91' 9b, 950, 10 24,10 24,10 35, 1050, 11 50,12 0, 12 80, 1257, 108-V,50. 25, 2 50, 3 32, 3 50, 40, 50, 5 29, 5 50, 6 10, ,Su 7 1), 7 sc, 0, 8 50,9 b. 9 18, 10 10 10 40..0.110,11 18 14 1:1:1, 4 30, 5 30. 90, 9 55, 11 25. 2 20, 2 32, 75. 8 30, 9 39, • 33' altxcept 'Mondays. (L, N,..w.)-a3 0, 8323, 735. 9 50, 10 45, 120, sko.r„r▪ '▪ 1, 5 15, 1135. sinniays 30, 10 15, 420, 1135. 7,07.;;;aYs excepted. bAonday a only. EittoZ°u (bildland)-6 14. 9 59, 1139. 12 20, 50. 11 53. ys 11 45 /tan , 425 P•in• 4 frnra*--6 a), 7 22, 80, 90,9 63, 1049, 12 36,1 16, 2 38, oq,, • 5 18, 6 13• 7 8 a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays 59, 38, 818. 4.atina . -4) ottiv. From Aroley Station nchester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 20, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 2 0, 2...1. 55. 717, 98, 11 LO. Stuidays 245 a.m., 60, 6 0, • 4•44ondays only. From High Level Plattorm. techester (From Bank Quay Low Level Piatform) - 6 20 ilvtoL7 55, 8 57, 9 55, 10,46, 1 14, 2 35. 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. lir; Vs 846, 3 5, 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. 366 'liheat.sr (Clteshite Lines)-7 0, 155, 8 21, 8 55, 90, 66a: 4055. 1125, 11 55, 12 55, 155, 255, 355, 455, 556, 755. 8 12,5 55, 9 55, al° 0, all.lo, 1180. Sundays 10 12, 35, 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 8 55, 9 22, 9 28, 9 55, vurao kiddl " Only. ew,11,11-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. 35. 1 50, 2 35, 535, 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 10 40 14-le-Willows-2 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 10 0 10 70' .f,514, 12 35, 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, 5'35, 6 25, 7 17, .9 15, 546, 20. Sundays 2 45, 7 40. 8 43, 3 35, 50,6 0, 7 47, Pachr.. .50, fk-a-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 1027. 1227. 144, 2 17, 5 28, 7 0, • 5. Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 3 50, 515,9 28. -2 2s- -2 40. 5 20, 5 45, 8 55. 9 55' 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 46. 48.6 14, 7 17, 847. 102. Sundays 240, 8 43, 3 35, 6U, 13,un 9_ corn-7 38 8 25, 10 0, 1 1 48, 25, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 8 0 irkev or l'e.oketh)-7 56, 95, 105, 10 46, 11 0, 12 0,1 5 1125. 2 32. 9 18. aSaturd.ays excepted. bSatur. _ ..(iity:RB, 4U. 5 29. a 6 IJ, 70,80, a 9 30, 510 20,1045. Sun (*Ye (C.L.C.) 411.0 a,e'u (611,iia1d) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced 55 19 55,3.2 27, 1 55, 46, 6 65, Sundays 55 mm, a • 1111 •v 5, °--525, 710, 82 ~ 835. 105, 107. 5235, 330, bOut-I,'" 8. 9 15, 1020. Sundays 835.843,60. 945. 3. 14 --,l'''jt (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15, 48/11001'4'• 40, 53, 6 35, 7 9,9 10. Sunday. 9 40,2 5,8 50, T Only' helw ala 61,4%7- ; 20. 7 22, 80, 9 0, 958, 10 49,12 36,1 16.2 38,4 11, 4•Arr's 0 8. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 850, 38, 818. a Satur- wiciaq. From Arpley Station. 2 5 21Les Lities) -7 sb, 95, 105, 110, 120, 15. 4 • 0. a 7J, 580. 9 10, a 9 30, blO 15. Sun- • " 2 32, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays V• Yid • 5111.-s ‘,.,1•• :tad N.-W-) -738, 8 25, 1.0 0, 10 14, 11 48,2 5, Wiv„,". 7. 80, 948. Sundays, 48, 40, 7 50. -240,52) 546, 7 19, 8 31, 9 55, 11 40, 1235, 1 15. ▪35 ",• 63• 5 614 847 10 2.10 10. Sundays 240. 843, . 6 0, 9 45 . •

1

I

===== 0002601_18950309_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROII

,sti&aten Bridge-6 33' 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, ndaya 7 37, 436, 6 44, 829 53, 4 32 ' sos and Hillhouse-9 14, 1 16. 7 18' 8 24' "n: 2 26.8 22. 9 49. Sundays -.main „I 240 s, 6 lam (L, .1 N.-W.)--3 10. , 'O, . 25, 11 -5. Sundays 3 10, 12 15. I u • , ...into, , 6 0 7 20, 9 0, _.... 11 30, 12 15, *45 045"14"a ' 01htland)-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 4 20 12 55. Mx- . d. 5 4 30, a.m., • • 19. Sun ay 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, B▪ ruinY' 8 0 5 ao ilaitk• io 0.10 48,1 35, 2 4, 3 13, 6 30, 7 55, 1012. 'crkit: t Road)-8 18, butmals 740. 1 35, 6 15' 8 - "1,---ii 33, s 50, 8 45. 955, 1035, 3 5, 7 10, 40. (Cent, al)-8 J 827. 855, 11:),‘-' •-.5. 8 15 su„A„, 5 7 10, i 23, 4 55. 8 9 SD. 10 10, 20, 2 50. 45. 80, 9 15, 10 35,12 35, 220, 415, 5 13' 5 55' 9 ea ICUn(iKys 6 10, 920 p.m. _ r ale-13 5 . 6 50' ' 8 40 930, 1234, 140, 422, 5 33, 841. "'clays 12 ehei, 5 a.m.. 8 41. 12 10 p.m. 4 poo ater-2 0.7 25, 845 940. 1012, 115. 11 40. 1. 25, 210 . 50 45. 53, 035. 7 35, 835. Sundays 20,630 a,m. lrGl.' el-1._6 39, 7 16, 8 42, 10 9. 12 36..1.4,_ .I_4. 3, 10 23, 7 47. 916. 10 4.i. Suml-9,8 .., 110,7 r 50, 2 35, I 40-T-23, a 42,6 0, s 13. 9 20, 115, 1 ..., th.,,....,.,,,,a 5. 920. Sundays 2 3, 4 42. 7 10,2 40, 4 0, 9,12. -1 zi -sycry -8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 43, 8 13. Sundays 3 3371?---6 15. 1020. 110, 35. 3 50, 4 45, 7 0, 83, al2 35 11 ruil(l',Y. 7 30.6 18, 6 50, 3 33. aR xee pt it.onday. Is ,c littsvn-6 55, 730. 842, 924 109. 1123, 1162, 1245, 449-"' 3 20, 58,720 5 53, 6 30, 8 38, 0 12, 120. ct•yssup 18 725. LI slarri'll -10 20. 20. 6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60,, 9,10. - t°.i6Perry &_Penketh-7 12, 9 5.9 43. 12 24, 4 17, 3 21 ipt 4. 6 54, 857. Sundays 832. 257. 81. ~ . -755,93, 659. 7 16 I, in. le...nrston (Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 6 27,7 50 9 0, 9 50, 10 40, :13, 420 4 56 5 8, 5 56, 6 57.9 3, 1121. at Sun- a 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4.42, 651, 841.. 4 (0480w-1010, 20, 555, 9 5. Sundays 550. 95. 6 44, 8 26. 1.0 22. 12 28, 241, 5 --, B2O, 9 1 ' ti4o. Sundays 940, 7 5. .i 5 1-ichiareen-6 40, 8 3, 8 25, 9 10. 10 3, 1 14, 1 54, 3 _2 _24:442. 6, '4B, 7 3, 7 11, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 31 Iris 6 52, ill„„azd Cadlehead (Central)-6 58,7 38,9 56, 1.,,,0, Gu, Sundays 12 55, 5 4, 1059, 650 8 35. 10 0. 4 o.s brord-8 13, '8 40. 9 32 10 6, 11 17, 120, al 45, 2 13, 13, 714 65 41, 6 7, 648, 7 49, 9 49, 11 27. Sundays 833. ec.•aturdays only bliaturdays excepted. __ __ ??, 1 30. 18001 (eta Earlestown)---a2 .55. 60, 8 0. 9 20, 11. 4130, 6%0, 4 30, 5 35, 7 5. 8 3,5, 10 5, ^ll 15. Sundays 7 SU. .‘ Pt.' w".°4' a-Mondays only. ^Saturdays only. '420 • - '411,54-8 25,8 20, 9 5, 9 55, 12 20, 133. 2 40. 3 35, 4 20, ri, a IQ, 10 45. Sundays 7 45. 2 10 T 20, 10 45. _ _ . __ 11 as rPc'c,„ 1 (Central)-5 45, 6 1.0, 7 30, 8 30, 8 40.8 432_9, ..32. 30: ~.o. 10 30, 11 30, 11 55; 12 30, 12 35, 1 0, 1. 30. J ?? g,: 20 ~ „ • 545, 4 40, 4 5... 5 30, 5 38, 8 30, 6 35, 7 6111' -1 3, S, , , alo 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 230. 430, 930. ahtondays and Saturdays,s3onlyo: --:▪ ". 19% r• a N.-W.)-515, 7 15, 10 10, 2 19,4 10 'A 'And • '12084.3,s 10 0 a.m., 5 0, 10 0, 120 natalsod) -5 15. 105. 120, 20. 40, 5 0' 49 15, Lrej.„unl,'”is 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays •,.,4 1. 6,5-ss x.-- °5 6, 832, 9 23 9 58, 119. 1 11. al 37. 2 5. 250. •••••'• . 51. 6 41,7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 25, 2 25. bite tsSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. re.:45 atc,h"telr (, k N. -W. )-6 0, 7 0, 85, 940, 1125, 1 5, 4.510, 76,923, 10 40. Sundays 8 0. 6 0. 10 40' .11 air fl'ilter (Londe) d)-7 15, 750, 9 25, 10 35,, 12 35 C 144064406 b 5 S. 115710. 6 5. 7 _5. 855. 10 45. sun ay 3 aneheste . 68aturdays excepted. 1 20 . , 5. S 30 a 9 9 30, .I,or7Cheshire Line?)-- 43 4 ',.4,,,410 45, 1130, 1230,b 12 45 1 30, . 8 -,. 638, 730, ~. 30. 8 3....„ ' 9'55 10 ,13,11 0. Sun- -2 30, 3 30, 4 30, I*.r.e ek4,?i• 9 15, 9 30, 10 40,1 40. 8 0 2 5, 6 30,a8 15', 9 40. aMon- suidl 6atur, iftys °al% • kooree'4.lcl,--6 58 11 37, 242, 6 1. 0,9 6, 11 57,3 2Q, 4 60, 6 57. Sundays 8 15,448. __ ;11 52 -6,WiLOW3 -6 47. 6 55, 7 30. 8 42, 9 24. 10 9. 11 2S. 1 6 sl. 28.1 30, 3 4 4 7. 4 58, 6 5. 5 49, 6 24, 7 30. 55. 1.1 a. ' Sundsys. 830, 949. 1010, 31,5, 716, oStsturdays only. *ire rt t 56-7 51. 826, . 109. 19, 517, 78. 916. Sun' 20, 9 12. • 75 211, b.? 36, 560. 95, 9 39, 11 21, 1.1 23, 2 4 C • i,'-','. 1047. Sundays 211, 835, 315, 6 .0, 4MOTICIAT2 excepted:. 31MmIciay mornings only. 10 23, 12 2, 1 30, 256, 440, 840. I,4ani.. Benketh)-6 51. 8 14 8 41. 927, 10 19, 11 24. 6 49. I 1 36, 240. 3 44, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 726, 934. Sundays 7, 5 15, 9 8, (0.1-11.) (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced Tt''. 211T)-11 0. 2 0, 4 55. 6 . Sundays & 15. 155. 2 Sel"us."--6 25,7 0,8 2.8, 918. 9 35,11 15.12 5. 12 fto, 1 30, 5 15, 6 10. 7 20, 9 0, V' 33. *ll 20. Sundays 40u,t,5' 6 55. 95. .Saturia, s only. 60, 3 s'l"°s rt (Lord S•reot) 810, 9 0,10 20. 11 25, 1 01,2 15. ills only:. i 9. 85, a 9 0, 9 3i. sundays 9 0, 2 5, 8 0. ct.atut- -8 30, 928 102, 11 13, 115, al 41, 29, 2 55, 29, 7 iii" 6 7, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, vitidu 4Satutd,tva only. bSaturclays excepted. 3, 6 45, 745, 9 3 i 211. 4 ft" (I'' a N -W.)-7 5, 856, 9 33,10 33,12 16,12 58,2 10, 0.5 56, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 824, 2 50, 7 59, Whin 335, 3 3‘,* (Cheshire Lines)--• 831.816,19 9, 11 12. 1225. 1 25. ns, 5 29. 6 12, 7 16. 7 56, 9 is. Sundays 842, 336, tlOlll-2 4 5. 633 8 lb. 931, 10 10, 11 2.3, 14 1.5. i, 1 lit,,Q ab. 81.9,8 58, 1.580. 43z lAya 341, 40,

QUARREL BETWEEN INSURANCE • AGENTS. SINGULAR ALLEGATIONS. On Friday morning, at the Warrington Borough Police Court, before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Alderman Wright, Councillor Roberts, and Mr. S. Wright, Peter Delaney, 331, Knutstord-road,was charged with assault- ing and beating Frederick ['Urchin, 102, Hardy-street, on the 25th of February, and there was a cross-summons against Hitchin for assaulting Delaney at the same time and place. Mr. Forshaw,solicitor, appeared to prosecute on behalf of Hitchen, and before proceeding with the case said be objected most strongly and respectfully to lr. Samuel Wright adjudicating on the case as he understood Mr. Wright was an insurance agent himself, and his client had done business with him. Mr. Wright did not know of any, and thought he should sit on the bench. Continuing, Mr. Forshaw said hie client was an insur- ance agent in the employ of the Wesleyan Insurance Company, and the defendant was also an insurance agent in the employ of the Royal Liver Friendly Society. On the day in question about 7.30 in the eveoine. his client was collecting contributions in the district of Port- land-street, and on reaching the top of that street and justl turning the corner, the defendant without the slightest provocation or reason whatever, gave him a blow in the nose and knocked him down. His nose bled profusely and his eye was blackened. The defendant then ran away into a house, and he (Mr. Forehaw) had no doubt that if he had stood his ground his client would have dealt with him more summarily than by taking out a summons. Frederick Ilitchin, complainant, insurance agent, after corroborating his solicitor, said he did not know why the defendant should strike him as he had never spoken to him and did not know him. Mr. Browne asked complainant if he and Mr. Taylor, the assistant superintendent of his campany, had not been round to different houees defaming defendant's character. This was denied. Mr. Browne then asked if a week last Tuesday complainant did not meet Mr. Ridgway, of Wellington-st., and ask him if he knew Delaney. Complainant replied "yes," and Mr. Browne wanted to know if complainant did not say he was sorry for him and advised him to have nothing to do with Delaney. This was also denied. Ann Jane Clements, 21 Portland-st., said she saw the defendant run at complainant in Portland-st. on the 25th, and strike him in the face afterwards running away. Complainant did not strike defendant at all. Mr. Browne, for the defence, contended that the tale of the complainant was not plausible. He did not know the defendant, and yet the latter earne and struck him in the face saying ."This is Delaney the Liverpool rowdy " which name Mr. Browne understood the complainant , had called him. His client had been in Warrington about 18 months and was a respectable man. Hitchin had been vilifying his client all over the place and had said that Delaney had robbed his agents, and as soon as he got them to make a " hook" sacked them and took it from them. Unfortunately in England a man could not enter the police court for slander, but only the Assizes, and the costs there were beyond hia client's means, and therefore the only thing he had to do was to rebuke the offender. Mr. Browne went on to say that his client was losing business and meeting Hitchin on Monday evening said "Do you know a man named Delaney?" The answer was "No, I have only been here a month." The next query was" Do you know Delaney of the Royal Liver ?" " Yes I have heard of him,' answered complainant. Defendant then advised com- plainant to be careful about pulling his character to pieces. Complainant then said "I'll have none of your bouncing here," and struck at Delaney, but the latter avoided the blow and retaliated as stated. With regard to running away it was absolutely untrue. He (Mr. Browne) asked their worships to say that a man suffering from the indignities that the defendant was suffering, was morally justified in taking the law into his own hands. Peter Delaney, the defendant, and district agent of the Royal Liver Friendly Society, said that two years ago he purchased the book of a man who had since gone to Africa, for £2OO. From time to time he had heard of certain remarks having been made by complaisant, and with regard to the assault corroborated Mr. Browne, adding that he went into a shop to leave his book and not to run away. What had been said by the witness Clements,he denied. Annie Thompson, 8, Portland-street, said that on the 25th she heard a noise in the street and saw complainant talking to two women and saying that Mr. Delaney had defrauded a man out of some wages. This was after the assault. Mrs. Ridgway' Wellington-street, remembered the complainant and Mr. Taylor coming to her house on the 20th February and making the slanderous statements about Delaney which she repeated. The bench fined Delaney 104. and costs for the assault, and dismissed the cross-summons.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD PARISH COUNCIL.

THE PROPOSED BOROUGH EXTENSION. A meeting of the Parish Council for Latchford With- out was held on Thursday evening last weeB tt the resid- ence of Councillor P. Davies, the usual room not being obtainable. Mr. Davies took the chair and the other Councillors present were Messrs. J. Lee, H. Roberts, J. Richardson, W. Pierpoint, G. Nicholls, and G. Pilling (clerk). After the confirmation of the minutes of the last meet- ing the Clerk read a letter from the Local Government Board which stated that in connection with the exten- sion of the borough they had decided to instruct one of their inspectors to visit the borough in order that he might make inquiries with a view to holding a formal enquiry. The inspector would inform the Borough Surveyor as to the time and place for the inspection to take place. A letter was also read from Reginald Potts, clerk to the Cheshire Giunty Council in which he stated , that he had been requested to obtain a list of the sche- dule of the public books, papers, and documents under the control of the Parish Council, the person who had their control and how they were kept. The matter was settled by the fact that there were no books of that description A bill of the expenses accruing from the business of the Council showed a total of £3 16s. 11d., one item of which being disputed, the clerk promised to make inquiries. With reference to the borough extension the following letter, dated 13th February, 1895, was read from the Town Clerk I now beg to submit to you in writing the proposals of the Corporation with regard to the inclusion of part of the parlsh of Latchford Without in the proposed extended borough. The Corporation are prepared to place the ratepayers at the differential rate from 15 years as follows :—(a). For five years after the date of incorporation the ratepayers are to be exempt from the payment of any improvement rate.—(b) For a further period of five years the ratepayers are to be exempt from the improvement rate to the extent of of the amount.—(e) For a still further period of five years the ratepayers are to be exempt of .1- of the amount.—The rates levied in the borough, exclusive of the improve- ment rate, have during the last five years. been as fol- lows i-1890, 2s. 101. in the £ ; 1891, 24. 2d. in the £ ; 1892, 24. Bd. in the £ ; 1893, 21. 81. in the ; 1894, 2s. 10d. in the £.—Your rates for the last year were 3s. 14.1. in the £, so that the Cor- poration really offer to your ratepayers a reduction of 20. in the £ for the first five years. The Corporation will withdraw the proposals with regard to joining the remaining portion of the township to the parish of Grappenhall. The advantages to the inhabi- tants themselves on being incorperated should be con- sidered by you. Such inhabitants will have all the benefits wlelch the inhabitants in the borough now pos- sess. The streets and roads will be paved, scavenged, and watered; house refuse and nightsoil will be regularly and systematically collected ; the inhabitants will have the free use of the hospital for infectious diseases, the free disinfecting of their houses and clothing, the free use of the library, the iree Use of the fire brigade and appliances; they will get an immediate reduction in the price of pas-6. per I,oooft.—and the fees for burials at the cemetery will he reduced to one-half. Further, than this the House Surgeons of the Infirmary will, I have no doubt, extend their visiting to the out portions throughout the district. They will, moreover, have the benefit of complete sanitary surveillance and the services of an effieient staff. Again the facility of access to the Police Station and Town Hall, with a court of summary jurisdiction so close at hand, I have no doubt will be considered by you as matters not only of convenience hut direct- advantage.—Yours truly, J. Lyon Whittle."--The Chairman said he would like them to understand that it was a proposition to do away with the whole of Latchford Without on the North side of the Ship Canal. On their side of the Canal they would he worse off if the application was granted by the Local Government hoard. It was a question for them to determine whether they would oppose the Cur- oration or not.—Councillor Pierpoint said that person- ally he was in favour of that portion of Latchford Without on the North side of the Ship Canal being absorbed in the borough. Under the present arrange- ments they had not proper police supervision, and gas was too dear to make a general use of jt. He understood that there was only one officer in Grappenhall to over- look 2,000 acres. The difference between tile extremities of his beat was so great that it was impossible for any One man to look after so large an area, and as a rates psysr he would be glad to he included in the borough of Ws rrington.—Councillor Roberts, on general grounds would support the suggestion to transfer that portion of Latchford Without to the borough.—Couneillor Davies also supported the proposition because there was a large area on either side of the Canal vrhich,no doubt,would be ri quired for building purposes, which was now agricul- tin al land which did not pay. When it was built upon it should be seen that the buildings were properly sewered. Some strong objections to going over to Grappenhall or Appleton were also express:ids—Councillor Davies sug- gested that the Clerk should write to the Town Clerk in iinswer to the letter, stating that they would like further consultation about Oil rating of the agriculturaa land in Latchford Without, which it was proposed tol take over and thus come to a proper understanding-- I Councillor Pierpoint moved that that be cione.—Coun- cillor Lee seconded and it. was carried unanimously.— I Afrr''""" !1"1" dkon,s; n•i at the Town Hall on Monday evening UOKG was nest as u. oue lux Gk.., meeting.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A MINER, SAIIIJRDA V MARCH 9 1895.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18950309_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
. • 7gP.7717-17M171 ' Z.; fit')

It is a THIN PLA.STEN, and TAKES UP NO ROOM IN THE BOOT. It is espec,auy usmul LAiA.t ku.e JOINS, which so spoil the symmetry of otherwise beautiful feet. THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED, some of whom have sutlered for FIFTY YEARS, without being able to get relief from any mher remedy.

OP,

===== 0002601_18950309_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Imo •;**ZW,l'f","'e t,7 - .., , . lir gm 4.1F4,44..-- , 0 '- . ' ilk - • .. %Ili. ni , , ~, 4. , ~. , ..,..,:i... ~. 'bl*,,` "•nte .1.." ',J./ .A. . , . . "4"' °' ' J.* i'W'''''' ''''''' `% ''2 • ' ' • • ; Oz'''. 'tt,', .- .;"'t,r, . ~ ~, ,o. A.t‘ ~.,..,,•!. ~,,..., , .„1, 1

A trial of a box is

:Ated

It acts like magic in relieving all Pain and Throbbing, and soon cures the most obsti- nate Corns & Bunions. Is the EtEST MEIVIIEZYY te,Actar, ,c)Nlz Free for 14 stamps from f" the Sole Proprietors, ill m. BEDHAII 4k SON, Chemists, CRELTEI,:IO.

cat , • co Vr -

===== 0002601_18950309_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
7;) tretj 1 41/ SOOTHING POWDERS,

POR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY IEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE C)-(EST)

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improve& upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PIL

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGE ',

FREE FROM MERCURY, s

===== 0002601_18950309_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
, S V

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SO= THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, Bce. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for

CHAPPED HANDS,

CHILBLAINS,

BURNS,

CUTS. BRUISES,

SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Sec.

Vlanufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

OECHairs 'ILLS

FOR ALL

SUCH AS ICK HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION,

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18950309_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
AK STOMACH,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION

an

===== 0002601_18950309_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
DISORDERED LIVER.

A FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLIuN BOXES.

In Boxes, t., an 2s, 9, each, with full directions. The IA. 10, Box c.c. ains 56 PEls.

PREPARED ONLY EY THE rROPIeIF,ToR

THOMAS ZEECIIAM, St lielens, Lancashire.

BEECHAM'S TOOT.H P. IT

EFFICACIOUS--ECO NOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH —PERFUMES Tlth BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists, or from the Proprietors, for is., post-paid.

SAVIS A DOCTOR'S Fhlt. ADVICE TO LADIES (FREE). ALADY SPECIALI&Y (qualified) many years attached to a Fern .le Hospital, is e .abled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RIGS LT in e few hours, no matter how long etanding the LItREGULARITZ may be, and even when everything else has tailed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to ' ECIA LIST N W.O.

THIS RA Z 0 R is made from the

esi

field STEEL and ground by Sheffield workmen. It is warranted and it not appr ved when tried will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cutler at Black IfNDLE in Ca-e 3/6. Ivory HANDLR in Case 6/6. Pair et' Black beadle in a flat Case 9/-. Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6. or post free from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/ 0. and Chequrs,SiaTia BROS ,Sheffield

IT ADAM E FHA! N'S FAMOUS MIXTURE. The most powerful and effective in earth. ? obstinate eases. MP nut injure the most de. 7s 64 (Strongest 11s bottle). Foot tree tel HURSAL 1 NSTIIUTS, HACKNIsY-il ('acing Shorediteli church), I O.N DON, r Send at once stamped directei envelope for uart proofs. 1 will forted Lioo Tor every testimonial • genuine.nnd they can be seen at any time.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & SrEEL PIL Females, quickly ,orrect Ii inegularities, re obstructions, and relieve the oistressirig omptems lent with the sex. Boxes Is 41. and 2s. 9d of at sentanywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the ea, T. Tonic, ehemist,Nottingnam

8 P 295, ST }A . ',1.11;11111,1,i'av„Ovv, „ 44,40,

1.11 ARE PLASTERS AND PIASTERS.

PYNAR'S

AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion, Wind. or Sick- ness. Dowr TA! Lp MEDICINE. TRY PYNAR'S PINE PLAFTERthe most Wonderful Cure for all Cliest Affections, Back Ache, Side kche, Rheuma- tism, Lumbago, Sciatic.; in fact the very worst Aches or Pains. MET ACT LIKE MAGTC. Are Grateful, Comforting, Stimulating, AND Lr:ACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. THEY CUBE COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS AND INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUILES. BEST AND CTIEATEST CHEST PROTECTOR. DON'T RESIT IT E. , TRY' THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AvOCE. If your Chemist has pt got it, sent Post Free for 90. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, ELUL. AGENTS: - RUNCORN—Mr. J. IL Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32, Victoria Roal. RAIILESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake; Chemist. WAFRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Young, Chemist. K. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road. NORTHWICH—mr. A. E. Lewty. Chemist.

CONSUMPTON, - BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA. will demonstrate to the whole world, and to sufferers from these unfortunate maladies, how they can be per- manently curd. by an entirely New Method of Treatment, without the chance of failure. Write with full confidence to Mr. WILLIAMS. 11, Burs ood Place, Nrirfolk Crescent London. Me will send 'you full particulars free of all °barge.

tetters to tilt etutor.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
FE NC ING

AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE Sc IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa• tion is supphed on application.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILINGS

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c.

ORNAMENTAL MOH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18950309_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, blarisions, Villas &c.

STRONG FIELD GATES,

FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS. .&e.,

HURDLES NETTING TREE t3UARDS.IWIRE WORK,

BAR tligiq' FENCINGt .

_ Fitted with F. M. & Co's. sou-Locking Joints

..ONDON OFFICE:

17 VICTORIA St., Westminster.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
,oe't ; .

,;*z.• -esc.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Etxcroa (Earl2stown) :—Received.

SOCIALISM VERSUS COMPETITION. Ton take my life, • When you taka the means whereby I lice. (ihakespeare) Sir,—ln your last week's issue. Tony bumpkin under a non de plume, conceals his personality, but did not Succeed In concealing his political proclivities. His views Are diametrically opposed to those of Arthur,the dream- ing Coaservative-cum-Socialist poet, which shows that Tony isi another sort of amphibian, the Capitalist-cum- biberal-cum-Radioal individual,who fails to see the beam in his own eye, etc. lam not incliked to mediate be- tween these two freaks of modern Society, but when 'Tony gives Us what be no doubt considers his valuable and well-grounded opinion on the nationalisation of the lanii,and speaks about robbery being intended by Socia- lists, it becomes necessary not to allow him to trifle with thu quention, and to give him the information he un- doubtedly is wishful to get, concerning land nation- alisation. In the beginning, the earth is the Lord's and the ful- ness thereof—implying that land was not intended to be private property, and it is a fact that wherever it is converted to the use of one individual a robbery is com- mitted. The furthest that the aristocratic landowners can trace ba,ck their " rights" of ownership, is by Pro- (lacing the original title deeds granted to their ancestors bya king. But where did that king got the land from Pi With the help of his soldiers and the aristocracy's"noble" ancestors, who were captain over those soldiers, they took the kaki by " right " of conquest from the van- quosbed inhabitants of these realms. Later on in the English history we find that some founders of our " noble families" in the female line got large (estates for their progeny as the reward of most dishonorably spent lives, those same estates having first been confiseated on some pretext or another by the order of the king, and by means taken from the then possessor who held his little deeds as above shown from his ancestor who got them by fighting to help to steal them—so that on the whole the estates of our aristocracy are ill-gotten property, and if the land was taken to-day on bloc and manavl.by the government of the people, by the people, and for the people, no injustice would be done, but it would be a restitution to the nation of what was formerly stolen from the nation. The time is coming, and it won't be leng, when some- thing must be done to give back to the workers all their lighta which have been confiscated by various means and various methods at different times. The best thing for the owners of real estates and in fact of all kinds of property,land or factories,railways,or machinery,canals er shippinz,,would be to sell to the Government as at pres- ent composed and thereby obtain favourable terms. Let them take a pattern from the Irish landowners who sold their estates under the Land Purchase Act. The lauded gentry, through their friends, Salisbury and Balfour,got alone the market value for their estates paid to them with public money. When the people get to open their eyes, and send delegates into rarliament with a mandate from the working men electors, if land and property is paid for by the Government in order to take it in hand on behalf of the people, it will not be -) bought at inflated prices Nut at a greatly reduced rate compared with the price set on it at present. How this transition will take place no one could even conjeolure, But it is much nearer its completion than we think. Any impartial onlooker can see to-day that the capi- talists insatiable greed is working towards the utter destruction of individual commercialism. All our pluto- crats wish for is greater scope for exploitation, to create greater wealth by creating greater misery. The workers get poorer and poorer in proportion that the exploiter gets richer and richer, and yet Tony bumpkin dares to speak of robbery. Labour is only considered by capita- lists as a means to create surplus value and not as al means to creat3 use and exchange values for the benefit' of the community, and therefore will not allow to the workers access to the raw material or machinery. Surplus value, i.e., profits, rents, interest, dividends— that is what capitalists want, and though the workers could make a living for themselves the capitalists will not let them do 90 unless they can make a profit, that is to say, reap without sowing. Competition has been confined to the European nations until recent years, and the aim of the English capitalists have been to reduce,Eaglish working men to the level of their Dutch and Belgian competitors. By international federation the workers might have made a struggle for their class ; but mark now what is happening. We have now got to compete with the Hindoos the Japanese and the Chinamen. "II China," says Mr. Stapleton, to his constituents," should become a great manu- facturing country, I do not see how the manufacturing population of Europe could sustain the contest without descending to the level of thoir competitors," " Times " September 9th 1873. The wished-for-goal is no longer Continental wages but Chinese. Some English Capita- lists have got seven millions pounds sterling worth of machinery into India during the year 1394 and we see in the " Liverpool Echo" February 25th, that the Poaching makers of Oldham, Gorton, and Manchester; have not been so busy for years as they are now, hut that the bulk of their orders is for abroad. If the machine makers depended upon home orders they would have to shut up shop. This means that English capital produced by English labor, is going abroad to b., pat to work, to give employ to Japs,Hindoos,and Chinamen,to destroy English home industry, to starve the English workingmen. But wisat do the Capitalists care? They Can fiddle in their mansions when the workers are dying if starvation, Tony Lumpkin is talking of Socialists' Intended robberiess—Yours&c., A. BRUCHEMITE.

SOCIALISM; IS IT. ROBBERY? "I thank thee dew,f or teaching me that word."—Shakespeare Sir.—as I never like to lie long under an oblig,ation, and Mr. A. Bruchemite having laid me under one in your last, by enlightening my darkness upon the fallacies of my "well grounded opinion as to the nationalization of the land," it now behoves me to do likewise unto him. Up to last week I only suspected that the high sounding phrase " nationalisation of the land" was synonymous with robbery—purely and simply robbery. It is true the suspicion was a strong and a "well grounded" one—but now we have the suspicion converted into certainty. Socialism, al4 Bruchemite, now stands confessed as robbery, or a conspiracy to rob. When a man thinks of committing a crime—of doing evil in some form or other—his natural tendency is to seek for some excuse—soma palliative to rehabilitate his own lost self-esteem and extesuate his premeditated crivrie in the eyes of others. Plence, we find the Social- ists, having settled among themselves the desirability— from a Socialistic point of view—of "acquiring " land by "requisition" tell us—as an excuse which covers all the fault—that the land has been stolen before! Now it is .quits true--undeniably correct—to say that over and over again, far back into the "dim remote" of history, the land we love and live upon has been stolen, wrested ty violence from its previous passessor4, aye, even pre- istorically so, from those pre-oboriginal " owners or zupiers "—the fern natura, the wild things of the earth lich were dispossessed by man. But does this fact ens° a further robbery of land from someone else who 3 honestly bought and paid for it? I have a" well .unded" belief that it does not! f a Socialist was detected stealing a man's purse, old the magistrate exonerate the culprit or. the plea ,t possibly some of the MODPV might have been stolen ifore by somebody or other? I opine the answer to anti a plea would be "three months hard." Of course lie is quite asuppositious case! No Socialist would think picking pockets. No, no, the pickpocket is one, but be Land Natinn,lizer is another. " • fico for the ,hrase," quoth ancient Pistol " the wise convey it call." tif we mast "call a spade, a spade," this kind of 'ism must be called Land Robbery. Ince haying been stolen invalidate the title to If its -oho could say that he owned anything ? Even '-te shirt on his back might have this disab- roperty, what might not be the history of the raw I is coat or ti. 'very shilling in a man's pocket might Sing taint • for nateriala i Aid a

be ferfeit in the same way. The folly and fallaciousness of such talk is here apparent, but it suits not the pur- pose or the cupidity ot an uainstructed Socialistic prole- tariat, and the windy demagogues who mislead them, to consider things in this light. It is not to the interest of these frothy fulminators to tell their dupes the truth, or show them where they are wrong. They do as A.B. has done in his letter to you--spread a very little argument over a largo surface and mixed many heterogenous matters, and got considerably mixed himself ia the pro- cess. How, otherwise, can we account for his open and unblushing, advocacy of a policy of theft? Policy, did I call it ? Nay—even Socialistically it would be a folly ; for as ill-forgotton gain seldom does good, so the con- sciousness of being a society of robbers could not fail to have a demoralizing effect, and, as 'even Socialism has Tic t yet been proved capable of entirely eliminating all traces of human nature from its votaries, it might result in a revert to the had old game of "Every man for him• - seif, and the Devil take the hindmost." Friend Bruchemite quotes Scripture, forgetting that this is a two-edged sword. He might have gone a little oeeper into the matter and told us how very deeply " Cursed is the man who removeth his neighbour's land- marks," and how deeply aud doubly damned must he be, who not only removes the marks, but Use land itself.

Glib rhetoricians of the Bruchemite typs . are very ready tu slur over these awkward Anti- Socialigic facts, in order to dilate upon such pleasing theme,. as capital and competition, bloated aristocrats and the nationalisation of all bank- ing accounts! Down with thrift, and put a premium on pauperising extravagance! Now lam quite aware , that there is a kind of socialism void of this stigma of territorial rapacity, a system which seeks to do good to all without wrong to any. But this is not the creed of the crowd—which is still, "Divide, divide," and when we have spent all, "divide again." However much disclaimed, this is undoubtedly the essential dogma of the Socialist mob, and is one utterly repugnant to every bonest,honourable and sane mind. Socialism, as thus preseo:ed to us is a huge and dan- gerous experiment to be tried upon us as corpora vile— we to find materials and suffer whatever of loss or damage may—nay,must—enstne. The common ruck of Socialists want to play the game of "Heads I win—tails you lose" with our halfpenny—and bolt with the coin! Again, I say, it won't work.—Truly yours, TONY LUMPKIN.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINCiTON MASTER BUILDERS AND

THE RECENT DISTRESS. you kindly convey through your valuable solumns thel thanks of the members of the Warrington Building Trades' Federation of Joiners,Masons, Plumbers Plasterers, painters and Bricklayers' Labourers to the members and others of the Master Builders' Association for their generous and timely aid in the recent distress— aid which was so willingly given although the masters themselves had to suffer loss through their jobs being stopped. Also, we are thankful for the feeling that ex- sists between masters and men, for action speaks louder , than words. We would also call the attention of the public to a very good plan adopted by the bricklayers' labourers which would, prevent a good deal of im- position. They called a meeting of their Society and made out a list cf distressed families, and as they know each an and their circumstances they can judge ac- cordingly. We hope that other societies will adopt the same plan. We also thank Mr. Welsby and others for the kindly aid they rendered on the occasion.—We re- main, yours faithfully, THE MEMBERS OF THE WARRINGTON BUILDING TRADES' FEDERATION.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. J. Mclntyre, J .P., occupied the chair and there were also present: Messrs. J. Knowles, T. Baxter, C.C., J. Darbyshire, H. E. Hey- wood, T. Wright, J. Weir, J. B. Chadwick, J. Stokes, E. Aaron, E. Wallington, J. Pickering, S. Woodward, G. Priestner, J. Parr, T. Darlington, W. Bradford, C. Moun- field, J. Whitlow, J. W. Baguley, W. Turner, C. Roy- lance ; Mr. J. Ashton (clerk) ; Mr. G. Ashton (deputy clerk) ; Mr. Farrington (nuisance inspector) and Dr. Adams (medical officer). TER WARRINGTON BOUNDARY }INTENSION. The Local Government Board writing with- reference to the proposed visit of one of the Board's Inspectors to Warrington in connection with the above, said the attendance of the Birough Surveyor was requested in order that he might furnish any information which the Inspector might require in reference to the proposals of the Town Council, and not for the purpose of laying th.e case of the Town Council before the Inspector. 'The Board considered that the attendance either of the pro- moters or opponents of the sche-Ane was unnecessary on the occasion of the Inspector's visit.

THE BUDWOUTH WATER SUPPLY. A communication signed " Bate " was read. stating .that the notice convening the meeting of ratepayers , with respect to water supply of Great Budworth was not properly published and that the meeting which passed the resolution forwarded to the Rural District Council a fortnight ago was net representative. The notice was sett out on February 11th and the meeting held on February 14th. —The Chairman said he was not prepared to challenge the legality of the meeting. He believed the notice was something like what was stated in the letter. Whether there was sufficient notice given beforehand or notice given to all the residents, he was not prepared to say. There was perliapl one third or one fourth of the ratepayers present a'; the meeting. The resolution was carried by 16 votes to 14. The water question was a wider question than some people had any idea of. His idea Was that the people wanted water running over their slopstones. He would give notice that at the next meeting of the council he would move the appointment of a committee to deal with the ques- tioir.

I tha \

THE QUESTION OF A 'PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY. The Altrincham Rural District Council, through their clerk, asked what action the Runcorn Council intended to take in regard to the question of a Port Sanitary Authority at Manchester. Seeing the adverse feelingS expressed by the great maj3riv of the autherities re- presented at the late conference, the Altrincham Council thought it advisable for some joint action to be taken by those authorities opposed, so that they could have the different views formulated for the Local firovernment Board Inquiry.—Mr. Wc,odward moved and Mr. Knowles seconded that the comtnunication be referred to the committee appointed to deal with the matter. THE MEDICAL OFFICIIIISHIP.

Mr. *Miami gave notice that he would move at the next meetiug of the Council the re-appointment of Dr. Adams, as medical offier of the Council. THE TARING OVER OF THE HIGHWAYS.

The Clerk stated that OS Council would take over all the highways in the Council's district . after the 25th March, and he reeosnmended the Appointment of a com- mittee to consider the matter.—Mr. Parr stated that many of the roads were not in a fit condition to betaken over, especially those made by the Ship CANal.—Mr. Heywood moved, and Mr. Woodward seconded, that the following be appointed a committeo : Messrs. Mclntyre, Knowles, Hall, Darbvshire, Darlington, Parr, Baxter, Bradford, Stokes, Heywood, Woodward, Brandreth, Lewis and Williams. DR. ADAMS' TIV.PORT.

The Medical Officer ii--rTiid.a7n—s3-- -reported that out- breaks of scarlet fever had occurred at Sutton, Frod- sham, and Weston Point. He romnlained or the in- sufficient addresses given on the doctors' notification papers.—lt was decided on the motion of Mr. Wood- ward, seconded by Mr. Wright that tho Clerk forward a circular letter to the medical men in the Union asking them to give distinctive addresses.

THE DAIRIES AND COWSHEDS REGULATIONS.

Mr. Woodward read the report of the committee who have considered this subject. They had decided to re- insert the provision which had been struck oat by the Local Government Board with reference to the cowsheds being 450 cubic feet air space for each cow, and should not apply to those buildings erected previous to the regulation coming into force.—Mr. Parr said the man that brought such a proposition about cowshels for- ward, knew little about cowsheds. (Laughter.) He had been among cattle all his life, and he always under- stood they should be kept warm, whereas he wanted them to be put in a place like a barn. Mr. Stokes stated that the provisions did not apply to old buildings.—Mr. Parr said the man did not know a cow from an ass. (Laughter.) The commitee's report was then adopted. ' THE NIUSANCE INSPECTORS REPORT. Mr.Farrington reported on the water supply of Sutton, and the subject was referred to the Parochial Committee, notice being given that that Parish Council he appointed a Parochial Committee.—A plan was submitted and approved for a new house proposed to he erected by Mr. J. W. Bothwell, near to the Iron Dish, Frodsham, and also a plan for the extension of premixes b,longing to Miss Crosfield, Overton, both of which have met with the approval of the Fmdaham Parochial Committee. They were a.dopted.—Certifizates of occupation ware granted to Mr. John Pollard, Frodsham Lordship and Mr. Geoffrey Loch for a new house at Kingsley.— This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET IN AUSTRALIA.

SUCCESS OF THE ENGLISH TEAM,

The final test match between Mr. Stoddart's English Eleven and a team representing" All Australia "ended on Wednesday in a splendid victory for the English team When play commenced the Englishmen, with ODO wicket down, wanted 269 runs to win. The first ball disposed of Stoddart, but when Brown and Ward became part- ners they made a victory for their side practically cer- tain. Brown played magnificent cricket, and was not Bent back until he bad made 140 runs. Ward was slightly more cautious, hut he played a grand innings. Before the pair were separated they put on 222 runs. Ward just failed to reash the coveted century. and MacLaren and Peel finished the match, the English team winning by six wickets. In this march no fewer than 1,384 runs were scorcd for the loss of thirty-four wickets.

SEWING MAOHIESS, flan i £2la. 6d. Tre dle £4 4s. with handsome wlinnt_osrer.--,T and W. Dtrrrox, 16 and 13, Sankey-q.. Warrington —Advt.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURPAT, MARCH 9 1895

===== 0002601_18950309_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON-IN-MAKERFIELD, URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

LIVELY MEETING. The monthly meeting of this Council was held at the Town Hall, Eirlestown, on Monday evening. Mr. C. B. F. Borron, J.?., C.C., presided, and the other eouncillors present were Messrs. Collingwood, Emmett, MacMahon, Giltnonr, Stone, simpson, Smith, Ormand, Beatty, Thompson, Evans, J. E. Worsley (law clerk), and H. Brierley (surveyor).

_ THB LATE COUNCILLOR G. RATCLIFFE. The Chairman said before they began the regular business of the Council, he desired to express his regret at the loss that Council had sustained by the death of the senior member of the Town Hall ward, Mr. Ratcliffe. The were all aware of the great time and attention Mr. Ratcliffe devoted to his duties, the result of which was recognised, as they all remembered, by the Town Hall ward returning him at the lest election at the-head of the pelt. For the last 13 years, Mr. Ratcliffe had devoted his time as a member of the Newton Commissioners, and he (the chairman) regretted deeply the loss they had , sustained. He moved "That this Council receives with ideep regret the announcement of the death of IMr. G. Ratcliffe, one of the councillors for this district, and desires to express its appreciation of his services to the district, as Commissioner and Councillor during the past 13 years, and that the Council convey their sympathy with Mrs. Ratcliffe and family in the loss they have sustained ; that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to Mrs. Ratcliffe through the Law Clerk." —Mr. Emmett, seconded the resolution. He could en- dorse all that the chairman had stated. There was no doubt at all, that the Council had lost one of its valu- able members ; and not only that, but the neighbour- hood had lost a member who would not easily be re- placed. He did not think there was any member on the Board who devoted more time and consideration to the duties lie had to discharge than Mr. Radcliffe did.—Mr. Gilmour, as a junior member of the Town Hall ward, wished to endorse all that the chairman and Mr. Emmett had stated. The motion was afterwargajeclopted. HIGHWAY AND PUBLIC WORKS COHMITTEE.—THE TOLLS QUESTION. It was stated in the minutes of the above Committee that the Surveyor submitted a statement showing the private streets in the district which require making, to- gether with estimates of the cost; after some discussion it was resolv ei that a Sub-Committee consisting of Messrs. Colhit gwood, McMahon, Beatty, Simpson, Thompson, and Gilmour, inspect and decide what streets should be first made, at an outlay of about £5,000; in the meantime, the Surveyor prepare esti- mates showing difference and cost of macadamizing and paving the roadways.—Mr. Gregory's report was read and adopted. A special report of street tolls received from residents and non-resideitts during the four weeks ending 18th February,lB9s, was read and surnmarizei as follows :—Residents :Ist week 193., 2nd week £1 33. 91.-, 3rd week £1 11. id., 4th week 193. 31., total £4 33.10 a. ; weekly average £1 04. 11id. Non-Residenta let week 133. 81., 2nd week 17s. Bd., 3rd week 153. 3d., 4th week 153. 3d., total £3 is. Bd.; weekly average 153. 51.—After much discussion,and opinion expressed by the Law Clerk, it was resolved that further consideration be adjourned. Mr. Collingwood moved, and Mr. Beatty seconded the adoption of the minutes.—Mr. Evans said they were departing from all custom. It had generally been the practice to have the names of the members present, but they had not been given on the printed copy of the minutes supplied to them. The Chairman said if Mr. Evans made a suggestion that the names ought to be printed in future, he thought it would be in harmony with the view of the committee.—Mr. MacMahon said with regard to the sub-committee for road:making, they were never called together. He would like to know from the Chairman of the Highway Committee, why the sub- committee had not been called together, He also alluded to the question of tolls, and said the decision arrived at was altogether different to what was stated :in the minute.—Mr. Gilmour endorsed the remarks of Mr. MacMahon. He was on the sub-committee, but they had no notice whatever of any meeting, and if one had been held, they bad not been notified, and he thought they ought to have an explanation. With respect to the tolls, they would remember, when that question was, brought up, it was carried that tolls be abolished for residents in the neighbourhood. After it was carried the Law Clerk intimated that there might be some dim-. -culty at some future time in imposing the tolls. Since then he had been looking into the matter' and thought it was possible that the Law Clerk might be wrong. He thought if the town authority abolished the tells for a time they could put them on again if they wished. He was not aware that the resolution had been rescinded.— Mr. Emmett said Mr. Gilmour was quite right in saying that a resolution was carried, but it was carried in rather a hurried sort of manner, before the law clerk gave his opinion as to what they ought to do. He thoueht the resolution was rescinded after the law clerk's statement, and the proposition was really what is stated in the minutes. He understood some further informa- tion was required.—The Law Clerk said if any further information was required he should advise them to re- fer it to the committee. —ln answer to a further question the Law Clerk said the scale fixed a maximum. They had latitude up to the maximum fixed by the scale. As he understsod it, the resolution was as to what portion should be charged by the scale to residents and what to outsiders, and there the matter was left.—Mr. Emmett: Are we charging up to the maximum to outsiders ? The Su evever : We are not.—Mr. Emmett: Well ; there you are.—llltimately the question was referred back to the committee for further consideration, and the law- I clerk was instructed to -get all necessary information with rPgard to the tolls so as te be able to lay it before , the committee.—The Chairman said with regard to the inspection of the streets the committee had not yet been able to meet, perhaps owing to the wet state of the weather.—Mr. Cellingwoed said that was the reason.— Mr. Stones asked if the Surveyor proposed to lay down any more macadam this year. Be asked because he , knew that that work was generally done in the winter time. If he as proposing to do so, could he see his way to have it laid with the aid of a steam roller,instead of leaving it to the cart wheels to lay it down. In other places where steam rollers were in use excellent roads were made, and if the Surveyor could Wsee his way to hire this roller and get the roads done as soon as possible it would be a great boon to the people using the roads.—The sur- veyor said a steam roller had been engaged, and as soon as the weather was suitable and the roads in a fit con- dition it would be brought into use.—Mr. Emmett sug- gested that the bye streets also be rolled. There were more stones thrown and lying about than was good for one's feet and health, and he would suggest that where- ever macadam was laid down the steam roller be used. —Mr. Ormand said that was a question already before the committee. He thought the whole question of macadamising the roads was one which required con- sideratinn.—The minutes were then passed. ass AND WATER COMMITTEE.-:-SLEE AND CO. AND THE WATER COMMITTEE—LIVELY SCENE. . _

A meeting of the Gs and Water Committee was held cn the 18th of February, at which the carbonising ac- count for the past month was rendered,giving fuel used 527 tons Bowt. •, gas made 5,798,900 feet, being an aver- age of 10,072 feet per ton of fuel used. The gas manager reported the illuminating power of the gas as never being below 18 candles'; that much inconvenience and stoppages had occurred from the continuous and severe frosts, with serious lossses in both eas and water, involving the distribution of water by carts in Earlestown and the higher districts ; and asking for instructions as to the disposal, or otherwise, of about 30 tons of sulphate of ammonia now in stock. It was re- solved that quo'ations be invited for the sulphate of ammonia, and that the report be adopted. It was also resolved that Messrs. Emmett and Ormand with Mr. Brierley and Mr. Swann be empowered to confer with Messrs. J. Slee and Co. to arrange for a settlement of their accounts. The representatives of each ward re- ported for a number of additional lamps, and it was agreed that Mr. Brierley prepare estimates of the cost for laving down the lamps and mains, and also cost of lighting same. It was further resolved that Messrs. Or- mand,:qone,ancl W,Thombson,jun., be a sub-committee to confer with the Law Clerk on the advisability of issu- ing bonds as security for an advance of 2,000 or £3,000 for gas works extensions : and that Messra.Collingwood, Stone, Beatty, Gilmour, and Wood be a sub- committee to enquire and report on the pro- visions against fires in the district. The Chairman in the absence of the Chairman of the Gas and Water Committee moved the passing of the minutes.—Mr. Thompson called attention to the motion with regard to the issuing of bonds, as security,and said a 3 far as his memory served him,the word "possibility" was used, and not " advisability."—Mr. Ormand as a member of the Committee, said the word he used was " advisability," and not "possibility."—The Chairman asked if the Committee had met.—Mr. Ormand said they had not met, as the time fixed was not suitable to him, and he was not advised until after the date had been fixed. Mr. Slee was the chairman of that committee, and it was a very important matter to him, and he took it, as an ex-officio member, he ought to have been notified, but he did not attend the meeting. He (Mr. Ormand) should certainly object to attend any meeting where two or three members fixed a time to suit their own convenience, without consulting theconvenience of others.—The Chairman said there was something out of joint with regard to making the appointments of those sub-committees. He asked was there not :an order for the Surveyor to make these appointments and advise the committee.—Mr. Stone said Mr. Grunted in his re- marks did not think it right that a member of any com- mittee should fix dates amongst themselves without con- sultation among the whole members of the Committee. He (Mr. Stone) was appointed on that Committee, and he had it in his mind that Thursday was the day fixed upon. After the meeting he went to the Clerk, and asked him what day had been fixed for the meeting of the sub-committee, and he told him that Thursday at 4.30 was fixed. He asked if any notice would be sent, and the Clerk said no notice was neeestoary,and that was why he (the speaker), got the impression that the • ing was fixed for 430. He preferred that the date should be fixed by the Chairman, without asking rthe members of the Committee to say what I lay would be convenient for them to meet.— Mr. Emmett was glad Mr. Stone had spoken in that I strain. It Seemed to him to be ridiculous for the mem-

meet

===== 0002601_18950309_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
bersef a committee to fix a tine, and then write to the 1 chairman of tho committee tilling him that they had fixed a meeting at a certain tine,. He thought it was most discoarteous.—The Chairman : Was the Chair- man of the Gas and Water Conmittee notified that he was a member of the sub-comnittee, and that they had to be called together P—Mr. Drmand said he was not notified.—The Chairman : &MO mistake has been made.—Mr. Ormand did act know whether any mis- take had been made or not. He accepted Mr. Stone's explanation. He met Mr. Brieriey on the Tuesday, who said," Oh by the way, are you a member of, the sub- committee ? "and he said be was. Mr. Brierley then told him that they had arraneed a meeting on Thursday at 4.30, and he replieA he had not been consulted and would not attend.—Mr. Emmett referring to the. sub- committee having to meet Messrs. Slee and Coto arrange a settlement of their accmnts, said that Slee and Co. objected to meet the comnittee.—The Chairman said he thought the matter had letter be referred to the com- mittee.—Mr.Emmett saidsince that question was raised the chairman of the comnittee (Mr. Sloe) had never put in an appearance, either tt tne committee meetings, or council meetings. The objections of the sub-committee had been reduced to vriting, and he asked Mr. .Brierley to produce the papers on the matter.— The Surveyor said he wrote Messrs. Slee and Co. asking them to meet the committee and, they said it was not mnvenient for them to meet the Committee, until tiey had received a written account of the objection,. He had sent the . written statement but had received no reply.—Mr. Stone did not think it would have beet wise on Slee and Co.'s part, to receivo a deputation beim they had been made fully acquainted with the items it the accounts that the Com- mittee wanted an explanatlin of.—The Chairman said it seemed to him that on the reniot of Messrs. Slee and Co.'s reply, the Sufj;Committee should report to the Council.—Mr. Emmett :1 shal certainly decline to report to the Council any further. The Sub-Committee have already reryirted, and what non) do they want ?—Mr. Ormand said it was out of their hands as a Sub-Com- mittee. Messrs. Slee and Co. knew very well what the points of objection were, and what the Committee refused ta pay and he took it, there was not a very good feeling existing between Slee and Co. and the Council, when they refused to receive a deputation, and asked for the objections to be put into writing. That had been done and it remained for the Gal and Water Committee to thrash it out.— Thy minutes were passed. • A DISPUTHD ACCOIINT.-"LIVELT DISCUSSION.

Before- 61-e--p-a-s-s-ini-W;;e"minutes of tke Finance Corn- mi rtee some discussion took place on ..an account of

£l7 164. 9d. put in by the County Council for the inquiry as to dividing to township into wards.—Mr. MacMahon objected to the payment of the amount, as the expense had not been incurred by the late Newton Commissioners. It was incurred by a few individuals in Newton on the nestion of the division a! the district into wards.—The Chairman thought it would be best to allow the matter to stand over to Sea what other districts placed in a like position did.—Mr. Emmett maintained that the bill had been rushed through ty a section of the ratepayers.— Mr. Stone said they had been accused of being a small portion of the ratepayers and of having rushed the bill through. It was a very great satisfaction to them to know that what they were doing was known at the time by all the ratepayers in the township, and was published lin many papers. They were supported by 500 ratepayers including some of the most influential in the district.— Mr. Gilormr : Who authorized the inquiry ?—The Chair- man said he could not answer such questions.—Mr. Gilmour said if it was a private deputation let them pay for it. The ratepayers of Earlestown had no right to pay one penny for it.—Mr. Simpson said there was no doubt this account was incurred by the old Board. (Cries of "No, no.") The Wards Committee took the question up, and the old Board were given to understand that the inquiry would be held. The Commissioners then took the matter up and gave evidence in favour of it. Taking into con- , sideration that Mr. Stone was going to bring another bill before the Council, he moved that this be referred b4ck to the committee and discussed along with the other hill.—The Chairman : The County Council autho- rised the inquiry.—Mr. Orrnand : The Commissioners did not apply.for it.—Mr. Gilmour: Who approached the County Council ?—The Chairman : I approached the County Council as representative of this division.—Mr. Gihnour : You still try tO evade the question.—Mr.' Smith: I think we should reeoect the chair. No mem-0 her has a right to accuse the Chairman of evading a ques- tion. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Gilmour :We have two chairs One from Newton and one from Earlestown,—The Chair- man said he presented a petition signed by 500 rate- payers to the County Council. The Commissioner's Law Clerk also presented a petition to the law clerk of the County Council on behalf cf the Commissioners.—The matter was ultimately referred back to the committee. TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTER.

It was decided that Messrs. Borron, Wood, and Thompson act in co-operation with the committee of the Viaduct Institute as a Technical Committee. THE PRINTING OF THB MINUTES.

Mr. Emmett considered that as the minutes were to be printed in future they stould be let out by contract, and that all the local firm ibe asked to tender.—lt was decided that this should be done. THE PAYIIIHT OF BILLS.

Mr. Or:nand, in accordance with notice of motion, moved a resolution re the efect that after bills had been examined and certified los the different committees, they could be passed by the Finance Committee for pay- ment. He maintained that i this was done the discount would he saved on many bils which would be lost if they had to be passed at the Council meeting.—Mr. Emmett seconded.—Mr. Smith moved as an amendment that this ho not done until the bills had received the sanction of the Councll.—M.. Thompson seconded.—On being put to the vote six voted for the amendment, and four for the resolution. Ths amendment was accord- ingly declared carried.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

'The

(BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR). The frost has practically disappeared, but it has left behind a great amount of suffering; The fashionable visitant yclept " influenza," has come, evidently to stay, and nas claimed for its victims a large number a the inhabitants of Earlestown and Newton. lam told the doctors are kept busy, but of course, like all other business and professional gentlemen, they will not grumble very much at the unwonted inciease in business. It was thought that the severe frost would clear the district of sickness, hut it looks very much as if the bacoili can thrive as heartily in cold frosty weather, as in warm. The methods of treatment are various,which leads me to think that some few of those said to be suffering from influenza have got it very bad, in imagination only.

The meeting last week, which was called in sup- port of the nomination of Mr. J. H. Profit, for the post of councillor for Towh Hall Ward, was of a very promising and inspiring character. Mr. Profit is a native of flarlestown, and having grown with the place is fully conversant with its requirements. He is a Liberal of a progressive type, and has the advancement of his native town at heart. The con- test is to be fought on strict party lines, and if the Liberals of Town Hall Ward adhere strictly to their principles there cannot be any shadow of doubt about Mr. Profit's election. But putting politics on one side, there are other and weighty considera- tions, which should recommend Mr. Profit to the sympathies of the Town Hall Ward. We all know that there is a majority of Con-ervatives on the Council, and no matter what the subject is, they vote solidly. It is all very well to say they repre- sent not one ward alone, but every ward. Yes, we know all about that. It sounds all right but-- l'lrAv Mr. Profit will assist somewhat in restoring the equilibrium of the Council, and no doubt help to give the largest pqrtion of the population some voice in the management of the affairs of the town- ship. Therefore I say to all interested, vote solid for Barlestown and its improvement.

The Conservatives are quite jubilant, in a way, over the,prosnect of a political fight, and are posing as martyrs. They would have us believe that the Liberals have thrown down the challenge, and they (the Conservatives) can do no other than accept it, and in so many words accuse the Liberals of being the first to introduce politics into the contest. I Publicly, I admit the Liberals did show their hand first, but how comes it that the Rev. E. W. W. Kaye was nominated at the Conservative Club, as the candidate the Conservatives should support, long before Mr. Profit was mentioned. What the Liberals did they did openly,and in an open public meeting. and the ratepayers had the opportunity of either accepting or rejecting the candidate, but the Con- servatives did net give this opportunity,but planted Mr. Kaye down, and new they ask the ratepayers 1 to vote for him, without having a voice in his 1 selection.

Now with regard to the election of a Guardian, the Liberal party have done well to bring a lady to the front, and all I can say is I hope she will be successful. She will have the support of the other local members of the Board, and I do not doubt she will render valuable assistance to Mrs. Clay. By the way, I noticed last week you said the lady was Miss E. L. Greenall. This ia not correct, it is Miss Emily Greenall. sister to the organist of the Wesleyan Chapel. I just mention this for the guid- ance of voters.

The Burtonwood Parish Council have a very nice piece of business to settle, which will require all the descrimination they can bring to bear to amic- ably decide it. Close to the school in this rural parish is a house, which it tradition be true was

built for the Schoolmaster, who was to be allowed to live rent free,on condition that he educated each year three poor children, free of costs. I believe this was carried out for some time, but as the years rolled on the tenancy of the house became varied, and the school was taken dVer by a School Board. By some means or other the late Vicar got posses- sion of the house, and collected the rents, and paid the rates, and entered it on the records, as belong- ing to the Church. When the present Vicar came to the parish, he naturally claimed the house, but his claim was resisted. Proof was necessary on the part of the Trustees, but strange to say the deed could not be found amongst the parish records. The Vicar got possession of the house and received the rents, but now that the Parish Council has come into existence they are contesting the Vicar's claim, and have intimated that he must refund all the money he has received as rent. This he refuses to do, and says he will go to gaol first. The whole thing could be settled in five minutes if the deed, which should be with the parish records, could be found, but it cannot, and the Vicar holds the whip hand.

===== 0002601_18950309_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSICAL EISTEDDFOD AT

EA RLESTOWN.

In order to celebrate the anniversary of the Patron Saint of Wales, the Welsh Wesleyans, and Presbyterians of Earlestown united in holding a Musical Eisteddfod, in the Town Hall ou Saturday, the object being to raise funds for the furtherance of Christian work, among the Welsh friends. The Committee who organised the affair were Messrs. M. Watkins (chairman) Richard and John Morris, Richard Williams,John Williams,John Parry, E. T. Evans,and W. Jones,secretary,Robert Williams, assis-

taut secretary, John Williams, and the success which attended their efforts must certainly have been gratify- ing. The secretary's duties,which must have been of the

most onerous character were carried through with re- markable ability, and courtesy. The Eisteddfod corn: . . . _

rnenced at half-Vast two, the afternoon being devoted to brass band contests, and pianoforte, and choral com- petitions. The conductor was the Rev. W. Wynne- De/Vila of Bolton and the adjudicator, Rev. E. Davies,

Pencerdd Callestr, Holyyrell. Mrs. Rawlins, of Rainhill, should have filled the post of president, but a letter was received from Mr. Rawlins, as follows :—" I regret exceedingly to inform you that my wife has been claimed by the influenza .fiend, as a . .. . _.

victim, and is now confined tO her room.

There- is no

possible chance of her being well enough to leave it this week. She begs ms to express her very sincere regret at being forced to cancel her engagement to deliver the prizes at tbo Earlestown Eisteddfod meeting on Satur- day: _ _

- The Committee on receipt of this communication, at once waited upon Miss Allatt, of Newton-le-Willows, who kindly acceded to their request, and accordingly presided over the afternoon's proceedings. The Conductor (Rev. W. Wynne-Davies) in opening the proceedings regretted that Mrs. Rawlins who had kindly promised to be with them that afternoon was unable to be present. They were very pleased to say however that a young lady well known in the town, Miss Allatt, had come forward to fill the gap (applause)—a duty that she would un- doubtedly perform most admirably. He should like to say one or two words concerning their aims and objects in getting up that Eisteddfod. They had three motives in view. First, the aim of that Eisteddfod, of that musical festival, was to encourage the study of music in that district. They knew that Welsh people were noted for their musical capabilities, and for their high attain- ments in that art. Wherever they found a Welshman, they would find also that he took that love of his art to all parts of the world. It was their effort to encourage the study of music in the various parts of the country where they might happen to dwell. The second aim of that Eisteddfod was to celebrate the name of their patron saint, who was, as they all knew, St. David. They were as fond of him as Englishmen were of St. George Scotchmen of St. Andrew, Irishmen of St. Patrick, and they knew as much about him, as the other , nationalities did of their saints. Last, but not least, they were devoting the proceeds of the Eisteddfod to Christian work among their Welsh friends. There were three places of worship belonging to their Welsh friends, and some of those friends had united together to further this matter, trusting that there would be very substan- tial and very material proceeds accruing therefrom. The proceeds would be equally divided among their Welsh friends, who required no better raisers d'etre than that they prefer like all reasonable men to worship their God in the tongue and in the language of their heart. (Applause.) The competitions were then proceeded with, the first being Pianoforte solo (for children under 16 years of age), Fantasia" Jenny Jones " (S. Keaf),prize 10s. 6d. Open ...

to all comers. In this there were' 'Ave entries, but only four competed. The names of the comnetitors were- 1, Albert Woodcock, Earlestown (Excelsior) ; 2, Miss S. E. Watkins, Earlestown (Doris) ;3, Miss E. E. Profit, Earlestown (Cynaraes) ; 4, Miss Massey, St. Helens (Maria Herman). This necessarily took up some time, and at the close Mr. J. Howard gave a couple of whist- ling solos. The adjudicator, Mr. E. Davies, then gave his decision on the pianoforte competiOn. After giving some details he said the first and second came to the front, and on the whole he admired the playing of the first most. '''(applause.) Albert Woodcock, who is a pupil of Mr. E. Leyland, was• thereupon invested with the riband by Miss Allatt. The next was a choral competition for choirs not less than 20 in number, prize £5. The test piece was " Snowflake " (D. Jenkins). Two Choirs entered for this," United Choir," Earlestowu, conductor Mr. Robert Williams, and "Carmen Choir," Ashton, conductor Thomas Davies. After they had completed their task, the Glynne Juvenile Choir sang the chorus "Glory to i God," nan excellent manner. The adjudicator,in pro- nouncing upon the choral competition said the first choir (Earlestown United) had a little tendency to be rough, but on the whole it was very good. He awarded the prize to, the first choir, and Mr. Robert Williams was in- vested by Miss Allatt. The next item was a choral competition, for children under 16 years of age, the test piece being "Every twinkling star," choirs not to be less than 20 in number. Six adults allowed to assist. Prize 30s. Two choirs entered for this, " Glynne Juvenile Choir." Earlestown, and " Hardshaw-street Juvenile Choir," St. Helens. The latter choir, however, did not compete, and of course, the Earlestown choir had the field to themselves, but their singing was without doubt of a high order, their cohductor, Mr. John Morris, handling them in an excellent manner. Mr. J. Howard here gave another whistling solo "Ash Greve," for which he received an encore. The adjudicator in alluding to the juvenile choir, said, the rendering of this choir was something magnificent, but he should have had greater pleasure in hearing the two choirs. Mr. John Morris was invested by Miss Abaft, The brass band contest was the next item, the com- peting bands being " Earlestown " and "Sutton Oak." The best piece was a waltz" Night and Morn " (H. V. Kellar, Liverpool). First prize, £7, 2nd prize, £2. Amateur bands, not to exceed 24 players. The first band to play was "Sutton Oak "band, under the con- ductorship of Mr. J. Appleton, who also conducted the Earlestown band. The Adjudicator said it was the first time in his life he had had the honour of adjudicat- ing in a brass band contest, and he was very sorry only two bands competed, as he was looking forward to hear- ing some of the noted Lancashire bands. First band, soprano sharp in the opening part, horns flat, the per- formance of the waltz was good all through. Second band played exceedingly well, all the piece better in tune; little un,teady in tune in the waltz. Second part ; euphonium and baritone not steady. It was in advance of the first band, and would take first prize. (Applause.) This terminated the competitians,andthe Rev. R.Jenes of Ashton proposed a vote of thanks to Miss Allatt for her services. Mr. J. H. Profit seconded, and the motion was heartily endorsed. Miss Allatt gracefully acknow- ledged the compliment, and the meeting dispersed. A public tea was afterwards held at the Primitive Methodist schoolroom, when about 250 persons were present, the following ladies presiding at the tables, Mesdames Rees, M. Watkins, R. Owen, Dutton. J. Williams, R. William's, T. Williams, W. Jones, Baena, Nichols, Misses Ogden, Limond, Partington, Eagan, Davies, Twiss, Roberts, Jones, B. Jones, and Conway. EVENING CONCERT. The evening proceedings consisted of a concert, over which Mr. C. B. F. Borrnn presided. There was a very large attendance, but with one or two exceptions, the I quality of the vocal selections was only of a second rate order. Th. Earlestown band which won the first prize gave a selection of music, at the opening, after which, Mr. Pierce Hughes of Manchester, sang in Welsh "Yr Drwst." His other contributions ware " Madoline," and "Fy Mlodwen." Miss Jenny Parry, who was really the star of the evening, was attired in Welsh costume, and gale some excellent selections on the harp, her manipulation being at once clear and tasteful. The items were "The bells of Aberdyfi," "Adieu my native land," and " Mona Rhuddlan," and for each she was enthusiastically applauded, and had to respond to en- cores. Madame Ashworth Hughes, soprano, sang very fairly "The Moorish Maid," " Tell me my heart," and " Farmer John's Courtship." Miss Davies, contralto, of Earlestown, was in very fine voice, and gave excel- lent renderings of the songs "Sunshine and rain," and "This work-a-day world," and she received a good reception. The humour, if such it could be termed, was entrusted to Mr. Henry Holland, of Liver- pool. The juvenile choir who won the first prize in the afternoon, rendered by request, the test piece, " Every twinkling star," which they sang in an excellent man- ner. Mr.J. H. Profit, recited an original ode, in refer- ence to the Eisteddfod, composed by himself. The Rev. W. Wynne Davies (conductor), during an interval, gave an interesting address. Votes of thanks at the closed the concert were accorded the Chairman. ALL HotrsznoLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free of charge.-1. and W. Dna-raft. Sankev-,t.. Warrlngton.—Advt. LAWN M0W11123.--GmixAND. Ironmonger, iWarriagton and Barlestown,

===== 0002601_18950309_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WARD, EARLESTOWN.

I THE VACANCY IN THE TOWN HALL

REV. E. W. W.-KATE'S CANDIDATURE. A meeting in support of the candidature of the ReT. E. W. Whittenbury-Kaye was held in the Town nall,on Monday evening. There was a fair attendance. Mr. J. Catterall presided, and was supported by Messrs. J Jones, P. Foden, and W. Mawdsley. • The Chairman, in opening the meeting, said be felt sure 'he was only expressing the feelings of those present when he submitted to them a vote of condolence with

i-r;.-R-a-tc-fiff—e-S-nd family in the great loss they had sus- tained. Mr. J. Jones seconded, and referred to

the relationship existing between Mr. Ratcliffe and his tenants which was always of the most friendly character.-2 The motion was adopted. The' Chairman then proceeded to refer to the object of the meeting, and said he held the Liberal party res- ponsible for the contest being fought on party lines,thev having thrown out a challenge which he felt the Con- servative patty were bound to accept. (Applause.) Mr.J. Jones said he felt sure that in the Rev. E.W.W.- . _ .

-- Kaye they had a gentleman fully qualified to perform the duties of a District Councillor. , (Hear, hear.)

, The Rev. E. W. W. Kaye at the outset made a very feeling allusion to the death of Mr. Ratcliffe, and ex- pressed great regret that the vacancy had been caused under such sad circumstances. .Referring to the various

subjects of interest in the township, he could only repeat what he had told them at the last election. He thought

_ the township as a whole' was very heavily rated, and that for some years it had been severely crippled. If it should be his good fortune to be elected, he should al- ways do what he could to relieve the rates, at the same time having regard to the necessary improvements. Among the improvements which were necessary, was more light required in several streets of the town' especi- ally in the Town H ' Hall ward • and street making. He felt sure they would agree with him. in advocating the pur- chase of a fire engine and escape for although it might be a little out of the rates, to be forearmed was to be

forewarned. He made a strong appeal to the 215 voters who supported him at the last election, and urged all those who favoured his candidature to use their best

efforts on the day of election to secure kis return. (Ap- plause.) MR. J. H. PROFIT, AND MISS GREENALL'S MEETING.

A largely attended meeting of the ratepayers of Town Hall ward was held in the Town Hall on Wednesday evening, 41 support of the candidature of Mr. J. H. Profit as district councillor, and Miss E. Greenall, as guardian. There was a large number of ladies present. Councillor E. T. Evans presided, and he was supported on the platform by Councillors Gilmour (Earlestown), Billinge (Haydeck), Messrs. C. W. Emmett, W. Blair, D. Forrester, P.Parr, T. Clare, Davies, W. Clare,Mr. G. W. Rawlins (Rahahill), G. F. Clarke, Mrs. Cook, Mrs. Parr, Miss Ashcroft, Mrs. Clay (Warrington) and the candi- dates. The Secretary, Mr. D. Forrester, read letters of apology from Mr. E. Walkden (Bryun), Mrs. Wilson (Ashton), Rev. Father Moore and Rev. J. H. Ridette (Elaydock). The Chairman was sorry that the Rev.J.H.Ridette and Rev. Father Moore had not been able to be with them that evening. However they had got plenty of speakers and he thought they should have a good meeting. They had put their hands to the plough, in fact to two ploughs, and they must never think of looking back,but go on, and see that their candidates were elected. They were well aware that at the meeting last week they made a choice of two candidates, Mr. Profit for the District Council, and Miss tireenall for the Guardians, and he thought they would agree with him that that meeting made an excellent choice, a choice that would do credit to the town, if they were only able to return their can- didates. (Applause.) He was sure that in Mr. Profit for the District Council they had an excellent candidate, a young man who was born in Earlestown, as he told them last week, and knew all the streets and roads and footpaths about the place. His opponent could not say 'so much, he was comparatively strange there, although they had not a word to saysagainst him personally. He (the chairman) hoped they would adopt the Newton tactics, and vote for their old residents. He was very pleased iadeed when he head that Miss Greenall had given her consent. She had no motive in coming for- ward in any way, except that it was a matter of public duty. (Applause.) Mr. W. Clare moved "That Miss Emily Greenall is a fit and proper person to represent this ward on the Board of Guardians, also that Mr. J. H. Profit is a fit and proper person to represent this ward on the Urban District Council, and that this meeting pledges itself Ito use all legitimate means to secure their election on the 14th March." Miss Greenall deserved great credit for coming out on that occasion. For a lady in her position it was a great sacrifice for her to do so, and he thought they could not do better than return her at the head of the poll, to help the other lady member at Warrington. (Applause.) With regard to Mr. Profit he always found him to be a genuine man. When he told them that Mr. Profit came out at the top of the list, out of 1,300 candi- dates, in his examinations for a position in Her Majesty's Custom, he thought that spoke well for his intelligence, and they could not be taunted with sending a duffer or a muff to the Council. There were enough of that kind there already. (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Profit hacTno other interest to serve but their's ; he was not an employer of labour, he was not going to represent the bottle works, the sugar works, or the Viaduct. He thought the Council was the wrong place for a parson, because a minister was set aside for a speciac duty, to look after the spiritual interest of the parish and there- fore they did not want to divorce a man from his spiri- tual work, to look after matters of that kind. He thought if thee returned Mr. Profit at the head of the poll, he would serve them very well. (Applause.) Mr. J. Latham seconded, and criticised Mr. Kaye's re- marks at the meeting on Monday night, and asked hew he was going.`tto introduce new schemes and prevent the increase of rates.—Councillor J. Billinge, of Haydock, spoke in support of the resolution,and strongly advocated the candidature of Miss Greenall, recommending them, by all means to return her at the head of the poll. He said in the Workhouse there were about 210 male inmates who had 26 direct representatives on the board, whilst the females had only one representative, and the female Inmates were expecting every elector in the Town Hall ward to do his duty, and return Miss Greenall at the head of the poll. Mr. G. W. Rawlins (Rainhill).also spoke in support of the resolution. The fact of them assembling in such large numbers on such a wet night showed they meant on that occasion thorough business, and that they in- tended to go on with the work they had begun, until it had been brought to a successful issue. Miss Greenall he had had the pleasure of knowing for some time, and he could truthfully say, from the intercourse that he had bars with her, that she was eminently fitted to reproient them on the Board of Guardians at Warrington, and to represent them in such a manner as no man could pos- sibly represent them. (Hear, hear.) Lady Guardians would raise the moral tone of the inmatee,and look after the women and children in a way that it was not in a man to do. All they had to do was to work, and if they worked there was no doubt at all about it, they would get Miss Greenall in. (Applause.) The resolution was then put and unanimously carried. Miss Greenall. in returning thank, said that for a long time, she had been convinced that women ought to be on those Boards. There were many things in connec- tion with a Workhouse, that women could attend to better than men. One thing especially she thought ought to be done, and that was to separate the respectable de- serving poor from the vagrant poor. In the sick wards she would alqi separate them, as it must be terrible for a decent respectable woman, to lie in bed in the same ward, as a woman, cursing and swearing until the last. She would advocate the distribution of literature among the inmates. She had had plenty of kind wishes from friends of both sides of politics, and if elected, she would d her beat. (Applause.) Mr. J. H. Profit in the caurse of his remarks alluded to poor people requiring medical relief, having to walk to Newton for their medicine, he thought a sub-Surgery should be opened in Earlestown where people mild get their medicine, instead of having to walk to Newton. He was in favour of a mortuary being erected somewhere near the place where the ambulance car was now located. He gave his views on footpaths, wastes, and open places and explained by what means the ratepayers could obtain allotments of land. He wanted them to work hard in that election, because a good deal depended upon it. If they obtained a victory in that election, they, might depend upon it, they would be able to commands decisive victory in the Crow-lane ward, in the coming year, and accompanying that, a more decisive victory in the Wargrave ward, and by doing that they would have the pleasure of witnessing the reconstruction and reformation of the whole Urban District Council. (Applause.) Mr. Gilmore proposed a vote sf thanks to the visitors. Rev. F. ,E. Miller seconded and it was heartily accorded. Mr. C. W. Emmett proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which Mr. T. Clare seconded, and Mr. W. Davies supported, and it was unanimously adopted. THE NOMINATIONS.

IT'

Tuesday was the last day for nominations, and the result having been made public, we find that the fol- lowing have been nominated :—For District Councillor —John Carlin, 22, Derby-st.; Earlestown, master sweep. —Eugene Walter Wittenburg-Kaye, 39. Cross-lane,clerk in Holy Orders.—John Henry Profit, 128, Market-street, Earlestown, clerk in Her Majesty's customs. For Poor Law Guardian.—Emily Greenall, Grove Cottage, Crow-lane, Newton, spinster.—T. R. Matthews. The Vicarage, Earlestown, clerk in Holy Orders.— Thomas Nevitt, Queen-st., Earlestown, butcher. John Carlin has since withdrawn. The polling is fixed for Thursday, the 14th inst.

The division of the clock dial into sixty minutes is believed to have originated in Babylon. The registered membership of the Society ef Friends throughout the world is one hundred and seven thousand one hundred and sixty-three, an increase for the year of one thousand two hundred and elghty-nine. Over one thousand varieties of postal cards have been sued in the world in thirty-five years.

Dirt thinks Itself the most abused When MATCHLBSS CLEANSER SOAP is nsed.—ADvT*

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDAY. Feb. 130; FRUIT. VRGIi,TABLR. POULTRY. BUTCHERS...6SI'

FISHMONGERS' TABLE. 11 L . d. 8. (1. e. d. 4.: 8 Be,f, Eng.,' ni 0 sto 0 9 Melon, each ... 0 6 •-•';',,,,1 Lamb per lb 0 0-0 0 Oranges, each 0 Mutton ~ 0 6-0 10 Celery is stick 0 Veal „ ~ - 010 Pears ....... ..... 0- 2 Pork „ „ O6-0 8 Apricots each 0U -- ;•,,' Pork sides „ cored 0 5 -0 0 Gaulolowera each° 8- 0 Whole pigs„ so 8 0-8 6 Coeorn hers eachl 0 -0 Geese _,, - 0 10 Cabbages each 0 2 Fow,s "couple 4 6-5 6 Tomatoes ir ti, ^ 6 --0 Chickens - 6 0 Filberts lb Ducks „ - 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 Rabbits Hares. each ... 4 6 -0 0 Asparagus rwoo o-- Piapons„ ...... 1 0-0 0 Potatoes V, load 10 0_114; Par; Idge brace 3 6-0 0 New potatoes „ 0 0 Grouse ~0 0- 0 0 MushroJtns 109,1 6_o Pheasants ... 0 0-8 0 Green Peas gP it+ 0 Turkey .... . ... 1 0-1 2 Green •Iprouts tb 0 3_O Butter, fresh 't 1 2-1 3 B ,ans, kidney It 1 0 - ',., Hen esgs ...10 1 0- 0 0 Pomeg:anates 0 1 --' Duck „ - 0 0 Walnuts „ 0 0-- 0 Apples lb - 0 3 Lemons „ ...... o 1-0 Onions „ - 0 2 Che-se 0 Grapes ~ - 2 0 Pine - 6,48 Pine Apple each 2 6- 3 0 „ good 53 0 Greengages 1? th 00- 0 0 „ ordinary 3OO - A Cherries „ ...... 00- 0 Lobster V, ti, Stray,berries „ 0 0-0 Turbot „ Damsons „„0 0 - 0 6,ilmon „ - g Plums ~0 0-0 Whit.ngs Gooseberries „ 0 0-0 Flukes „ Rasp! ,erries „ 0 0- 0 Bele „ „ Black Currants 00 - 0 Soles . „ - Bed Currants 0 0- 0 Sparnngs Marrows each 0 0-0 Codfish .. 0 Seakale lr n'loo 0- 0 Mackerel each 0 3 ....0 Rhubert. bch 0 0- 0 Herrh,g Iv dozen 1 0--

MEMORIAL CARDS rEßS_Scill Just received a large Stock of LATBST F.'"" CAPTi. MRHORIAL CARDS. Call and inspect satnPl.oo, ; printed at shortest notice. Also Posters. Virin" /ate Handbills, Bill Heads, Ac. Newest type 6°' Machinery. JOHN S. GREEN, THE BOROUGII PRBSS, , 34, BRIOGR-STRERT, WARRINGTOa.

..+• ......•".......'°

vr Os" • Warrington.—Prlnted and Published by Jog, at The haaminer General Printing Works. fjefo-P-e and PnbLisheid also at Tile Examiner Offices. 1.-4yrest'' W•mrias ; High-street, litDrcolul ; 32. and Mar %et-street. liaaVairrOv- • 9 7:95,

f „gild

===== 0002601_18950309_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IN CONNECTION WIT II THE WARRINGTON & DISTRICT ASSOCIATION OP THE Y.P.S.C.G. A CONVENTION Wili be Irld 113 GUS NW AY-ROAD PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, RUNCORN, akr,, On WEDNIF.DAY MARCH, 13TE, 1895. ,I'I3ItNOON MEETING, 3 to 6.30. EVENING MEETING, 4.15 to 9. A CONS FeIiATION MEhTIN4 from 9 to 9.30. Tea will be provide,i at a charge of 6d. each. Ilev• E • ROBERT 4, M.A. of Manchester, Co-Pastor with Dr. McLaren, and others will speak, _

1 . L 2,....._____ -- ' f, 11° THE IMECToRS OF THE DARESBURY 1 DIVISION OF THE CHESHIRE COUNIY COUNCIL. LADIFg AND GENTLEMEN, L I beg to thank you sincerely for your having elected , ttei ne.,f 0 r the 3rd time as your county councillor. My nomina- extending from ono ind of the division to the other, are tic:lel_ inglr gratifying to me, and I have only to assure you ..lifl.all tnat you may always rely upon my best endear- . 4: 14511"OUthr tt B,telimYaitn,iie confidence you place in me. I have the _ Ladies and Gentlemen, , ..,. Your obedient servant, WILLIAM IL EARP. ' l'reston Brook. .-------------..6th March 1895 1.1 ' ' ' 4.°D THE ELECTORS OF THE APPLETON L IvlsloN OF THE CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. i'DIE,9 AND GENTSEMEN,— ' bag, A beg t 9 offer you my very sincere thanks for the I.l4conferred upon me by my unopposed election as your 1 for the Appleton Division of the County Council. , 4,,1!. tisfaction to me is all the greater from the unanimity 2 ...a kindly feel' ~ nig which prompted you to elect me, w.thout iyon "tation On my part. I feel deeply gratified for the 0 ..., 42210ce and support V.us extended to me, and I can only : at „te You that my best abilities will always be at the service ret,i`.l 3' ccnstituericy and of my county, and that I trust S i ts tOing healti, may enable mete glye increased attentlou 's e interests of both. I have the honour to be, , Ladies and Gentlemen, , Your Obedleut Servant, 1 rl. J. CHARLTON PARR. 1110. I. -r„„alvenhall Hryes. Sth March, 1195. ,

ALL ACCIDENTS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYES LIABILITY. , inb MITRED AGIINST BY THE ' / -4AILW AY P A SSEIN 0 EBB' ASIJRANC Er; CO, , . 1' : tsPITAL 1,000,000. ESTABLISHED 1849. COMPENSATI (IN PAID £3.480,000, ' P. 164, COEN HILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. .IPktrin AGENTS Oen . Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate At,ii Mr. W. H. EMBRY, Central Station 1( k_ Blew, ... otitisford .... ...... ..... Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-at reet "414dbrt . ..... .. .. Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTER eh 'Mr. R. FI NLOW.ltookery Bridge

VIDn. - IVII WELCH'S PITA 5 FOR FEMALECOMPLATNTS 118. SNIITHERS, 0 rand-daughter of the Widow trot:at:Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine !kitlte "tily original and geonine FITTVHV HBTIPe• Just celebrity for all Female Complaints hasobtamed 4kcall'dt Most extensive and inc easing demand. P urchasers laref thPrefore attend 4o the following CAUTION —To be araitil,, that 14118.11 they purchase is prepared by Mrs. gre who ia the onlY person in possession of the Oatoid- 'jetted The genuine are wr ppe/ ie./Vete Paper, an the 'll,Tne label by Mrs. Smithers, and the namesoutsid wholesale Awaits, " W. EDWARDS AND SON, 15 , epßra ictoria-st," formerly of 57, St. Paul's, London, are %.„_eh,°},ed on the GovernMent Stamp. Sold baxes /1. VMost Chemists. T & CO. will ran a CITF AP .IFIGR-i-`„„'DRSION to WOLVERHAMPTON and IHRM- L. 55 °TISATIIRDAY 9th March. Leaving RUNCORN Returnin: from BIRMINGHAM vine day 11.35 Particulars see small bills. °N FRED HARRISON. lint)T AND I\olcrii 1/_ll;6l.'EttN RAIL W AY. 111444--lISIoN TO WOLVERHAMPTON AND BIRM- --At Specially Reduced Fare—On SATIJKDAY 8401. 9tb. 1895. A a weialeheap 14 ALF-DAY EXCUIL- .I,..Zo, ,'A'ith bookings for 3or 4 days will leave: Warrington, As.cton Bridge: 1.40: p.m.; Hartford : 1.48. p.m. ; Rust P.m. tor particulars of Fares 4.c., see small February, 189.1 FRED HARRISON, General Manager.

FORFEITUD PLEDGES—For Sale, and by some of the best makers in England. 401.4 ere, . ENORMOUS STOCK. CiAstuTP eartentersEngineers', Painters', r umbers', Pl.Bterere Shoemak re', Butchers', and Mechanics' 'Tools of all sort. 1-13GKES BROTHERS. .'"WERROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, Bltt NINLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

HUSSEY'S INEXPENSIVE JEWELLERY FOR EVENING WEAR. Best quality imitation and real Diamonds in Gold Settings, Bracelet, Necklets, hair Ornaments, Rings, and more than 3,000 Brooches to select from. Fancy Goods in endless variety, warm Skirts, Blouses, &c. Lace Collars, Bavvs, Ties, Frillings. HUSSEY'S, 116, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FOR 3/11 ANY SIZE. P' OUTFITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER THE UMBRELLA.)

QOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND L./ INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable Os. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2a. 3d. £5O, „ 200. „ OP £3 Is. Od. £lOO, „ 405,. £3 las, Od. ALEX. GORDON Manager.

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Slieffiel.l and Eleetro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &e. Letters attended to.. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

I?UPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. Xi) T. ROGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture ; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works,? & 9, Grosvenor-street, Lon- Namroad. Manchester.

LECTRO - MASSAGE (THOMAS' SYSTEM). CONSULTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS:- 22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. R. H. TMOMAS, SPECIALIST. RESULTS FROM THOMAS' METHOD OF TREATMENT. ELECTRO-MASSAGE, ELECTRO-HYDROPATHY, LP. Miss —, Liverpool, chronic dyspepsia, nervous exhaustion; eighteen treatments. —0 U RED . Mr. —, Liverpool, bronchial-asthma, general debility ; eight treatments.—CUßßD. Master —, Bootle, paralysis, nervous debility, er.e. ; twent7 treatments.—MUCH IMPROVED. Mr. —, Warrington, nervous exhaustion, varicocele ; eigh- teen treatraents.—CUßED. Miss —, Birkenhead, many years chronic asthma, nervous debility, and general exhaustion ; eight treatments.— ALMOST CURED. Mr.—, Bootle, varieocele, mental depression; eighteen treatments—CUßED. Mr. —, Liverpool, varicocele, nervous exhaustion, Le. ; twenty treatments—COMPLETELY RESTORED. Mr —, Liverpool, neuritis, atrophy of the optics. nervous debility, sluggish liver ; SIGHT RESTORED, general health greatly improved—sixteen treatments. Miss —, Liverpool, goitre and general debility—nearly well. Full particulars en application. Free consultation. R. H. Thomas, Specialist, 22, Lord-street, Liverpool. ELECTRICITY, as a Therapeutic Agent, when scientifically applied, sets as a STIMULANT, SEDATIVE, TONIC. TIM EFFECTS ARE— IMPROVEMENT IN SLEEP, INCREASE OF APPETITE; IMPROVEMENT IN DIGESTION AND ASSIMILATION, REGULATION OF BOWELS; IMPROVEMENT IN CIRCULATION, RELIEF OF NER- VOUSNESS AND MENTAL DEPRESSION; INCREASE IN VITAL FORCE AND NERVE ENERGY. Mr. —, Birkenhead, nervous debility of long standing; six treatments—better in every way. Mr. —, Prenton. nervous exhaustion, acute neuralgia, general prostration; twelve treatments, CURED. Mr. —, Liverpool. nervous debility, sluggish liver, consti- pation, varicoeele ; twelve treatments, CURED. Mr. --, Seacombe, extreme nervousness, constipation general debility ; fifteen treatments, CURED. Mr. --, Prenton, nervous dyspepsia and liver congestion ; twelve treatments, greatly improved. Mr. --, Bold-street, Liverpool, complete nervous exhaus- tion, loss of vital power, congested liver; twelve treat- mono, FULLY RESTORED. Mr.—, St. Michael's, nervous debility, chronic constipa- tion of years, standing, varicocelo ; two courses of treat- ment, THOROUGHLY CURED. Many of the above cases had been considered hopelessly incurable. References on application. CONSULTATIONS FRET/ One Resident Patient taken. R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. 22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

35/- IthrATICH °TNIZET. " 35/- T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 35e. Many persons will be surprised that a genuine English Lever can be made for the price. but T. B. CARDWELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever, 355. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, dowelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for five veers can be had at UARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-snarked 18 carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from ET 10s. REPAIRSPROMPT AND RELIABLE.

-r) W. .DEATTY, BUILDER, AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIRLD TIMBBR YARD EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repave to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

GOLD MEDAL •DIETETIC TEAS., SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS. and a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANTS, W AMIN G TON.

LADIES AND GENT2EMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER in the latest style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goads of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THII CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

OPECTACLES AND EYERLASSES . SPECIALLY MADE FROM 4/6. IP between the age of 30, 40, or 50, without any apparent cause, ordinary print becomes confused. and the letters run into one a ,other, then spectacles are necessary. CHADBURN AND SON, 17, JAMMSTREET, (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station ) ARE THE OLD OPTICIANS LIVERPOOL. CLOSE ON SATURDAYS AT 2 O'CLOCK.

FRISCH, SCHIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED AGENTS FOR THE WALTHAM WAICII COMPANY. FRISCH, SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watchmakers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE BESP TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 15 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto . Gold, from 4 4 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Established 1885. Estimates given. W. J. SHAW, R.P.C., AND SONS, REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBERS, 89, DALLAM-LANE, WARRINGTON. PAINTERS, GLAZIERS. PAPERHANGERS. PLUMBING done on the simplest and most avproved principles. BATHS fitted with all latest improvements from £l.O and upwards BREAKAGES arising from frost promptly attended to.

SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM, SILVER.T, ECZEMA, WOUNDS. ULCERS, 0 I L BAD LEGS, SPRAINS, BRONCHITIS, SORE THROAT. (Clic/mm.7, England.) NEURALGIA, Ac. BOTTLES, 80., Is. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes. Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent J, H. WESTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN,

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS. UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNCM, AGENT.

ASTHMA! ASTHMA! ASTHMA! THE LEWIS REMEDIES, 28, BUDQE-ROW. CANNON-SP. LONDON, E.O. Wonderful Cures Effected. Send at once for Testimonials, Press Opinions, &c. THE LEWIS POCKET NASAL INtL LEE, 20., by post 25. lid, THE LEWIS ASTHMA AND HAYFEVER POW- DER, per tin 35. 6d., by post 3s. 9d. THE LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR, ls.,by poet 15.10. THE LEWIS ASTHMA EXTERMINATOR, for Chroni, Cases, 7s. 6d., complete. " GELASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in the Head, Is. per bottle. post Is 10

ANNIE TONKS, 1, LORD-STREET, RUNCORN. HOUSE, SIGN AND SHIP PAINTER, CHURCH I DECORATOR, GLAZIER. PAPER HANGER, &C. Orders for town and country punctuallyattended to.

QILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIFTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. HEED, JEWELLER AND PAWNBKOKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

CIGARS I CIGARS I CIGARS. THE BEST VALUE IN THE MARKET. DARVEL BAY TOBACCO. Cigars made from this New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flaiour. They are better value than Havana or Mexican. I am now in a posi,ion to offer them at the exceedingly low price of 18s. per 100 or samples can be had at 5 for Is. THE SMOKERIES, 68, HORSEMARKET-ST., AND YR OLD FOX INN, BUTTERMARRRT-STRRET, WARRINGTON. J. hs WICK, Proprietor.

, (MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY. IThe only Cure for Colds, Coughs, I Bronohitis, &a. - MORIDS'S TIC-CURE PILLS FACTS. i The only Cure for I NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. -- MORRIS, CHEMIST. I ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, l and all Dealers.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manchester MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised ,the art of Artifichl Teeth making. In Price, Qaality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46 HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,IIa.m.to 6p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. •Registered Trade Mark by 11.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS' TEETH are the best and cheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmo:phcric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates 1 r Tender Guess. MAC DONALDS' 'METH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS 'TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETHZare made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an nor!. ailed Painless System) MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids toHealth and Beanty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are reccrnmended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEbTH are sum lied at wholesale prices. MAC DONALDS LTD., have Lades in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all hiformation Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Taith Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Arcringtoa. 4; Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13. Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwiob, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.. Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address NORTHIVICII BRANCH, 46, BIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE a.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester,

J. M. BEACON, 38, PINNER'S BROW, WARRINGTON. BOTTLER OF BURTON ALES AND DUBLIN STOUTS. MACK S HOP BITTERS AND OLD STYLE GINGER BEER. Family trade specially catered for.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS. BANJOS. JOHN BYROM , PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAXE:i AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings. Bows, Cases, Ire.. of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING •IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

1) Oteis.

-- r LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST JLI PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 15s.—E. BAKER, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERA NCH HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

H. ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings In the Provinces. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on £lO orders and above.

GOOD NEWS NOR LADIES. ikLADY, the daughter of a late ernient physician, will be pleased to forward full parliculara (On receipt of a stamped directed envelope) et a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused how long standing. This RemPdy causes No Pain, Nausea, or Prostration whatever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127 Gaisford Street, London, N.W. A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours, 9 to 9 p.m. on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS, or by amminttnent.

WT. P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALL WARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS, BALLS, LEG GUARDS. GLOVES. Ad. WIRE NETTING, FENOtNG WIRE, BASSIN& ITES, MAIL CARTS, MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, RUGS. LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING IRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. • JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST..WARRINGTON.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES. AT JAMSOIN'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNB. THE ORIGINAL AND ONI GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever &h- -oovered. IrtHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Ceughs. Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. CIIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests V those too often fatal discases.—Diphtheeta,Fever,Croup, Ague. 11LOTIODYN g acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentry. CHLORODYNE effectually c‘lta short all attacks of Bpilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation. and Spasms. OHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis, From Or. 11, J. BOULTON and co.. Norncastie. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain aud irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other'Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Bart Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that ho received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Man- illa, to the t ffect that Chola* had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODYNE," —See Lancet. Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND.IMITA- TIONS. Clundly.— Vice Chancellor Sir W. Pont WOOD stated that Dr. 3. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of "CHLORODYNR " end that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, wt:ch he regretted to say, had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 10 , 2s. N.,. and 46. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS SitOWNWS CHLORODYN " on ihetiovernment Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. , SOLE MANITFACTURERS.—J. T. DAVINPOUT, 33, Great Russell-at.. Bloomsbury, London.

LORD BROS'. IS THB SALE OF SALES. FOR PARTICULARS OF GOODS AT HALF-PRICF. SEE HANDBILLS. Two minutes' walk from Market Gate down Bridge-street WILL SAVE YOU MANY A POUND AT LORD BRos., 123, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

LT AWN MOWER REPAIRS. This is the most opportune season for repairs to be made, so that all who hove mowers needing rApair should send them ither through their ironmonger or Beadsman, or direct to THOS. GREEN & SON, LIMITED, LEEDS, or SURREY WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, S.E. P.S.—We repair all kinds of machines, for both!the trade and others. ALL SIZES KEPT IN STOCK and supplied carriage paid at liberal cash discount by their Agent. GARLAND, IRONMONGER, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Machines re-ground and repaired on the premises.

" 13RITANNIA " RELISH, " is fit for a King"—(Shakespere). STANLEY " PURE BAKING POWDER. " As good as heart can wish "—Shakeepere). WATCH THIS SPACE FOR THE WINNERS OF THE COMPETITION. J. MEADOWCROFT AND CO., STANLEY MILLS, BURY.

THOMAS HAMER. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. GRIFFIN HOTEL, EARLESTOWN. PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

T. & W. CROSS, • BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WAITRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description a BUILDING er CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S "ORIGINAL' AND CELBRATED LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing alter Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores. Wounds, and swollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism, Price 2s. 6d ,3s. 6d., and Is. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound. Re / Water, and Yellows, For Chills. Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk Fever and Quarter 11l (Price 38.6 d. per dozen ,Rwes),l3s. per dozen (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID Cures Prostrated Cows and Ewes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scour or Diarrhcea. and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appetite, Price is. 9d. per bottle, 20s. per chaels. THE GASEODYNE, Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhcea amd Influenza. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving. For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle, • SPECIAL CALVING AND LAMBING CHESTS, with "Key to Farriery," complete £3 3s, and £llOB. Car- riage Paid. Pamphlet on Rearing of Calves and" Lambing and Calving Disorders," gratis and post free. ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

CORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, 803, Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictlylimited. Orders should he given early to the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrincham, Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Helmick, Manchester, Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BILKER, Alpraham, Tarporley, Cheshire.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. --- SUFFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YBARS. --- ELBE'S DILLS. "30, Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea, S.W., January 27,1892, EADE'S pILLS. "Dear feel it my duty to write and give you great praise It ADE'S pus. for introducing such a valuable medicine as your Gout rills' Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my pain so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, bat now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but BXII able to get to work in less Rthan a week. My complaint HEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts. OUT called Chalk Gout. —Yours truly, •• W. LITTLBJOHN." R HEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOS WELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C. ; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, is. lid., and 2.5. 95. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS •

LAST WEEK OF SALE' EVANS' ANNUAL STOCK-TAKING SALE WILL CLOSE ON SATURDAY NEXT MARCH 9TH. FURTHER REDUCTIONS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT. EVANS, 17, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TEETH. . ph.TH. TEE I D. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the rice UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD The TEETH. public may rest assured that th.ate state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, TEETH. and perhaps the best guarantee of this to intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN- bON has one of the Largest Dental Practices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing , the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST , TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the 1 LOW EST POSSIBLE PRICE. TEETH. Any set made, or work done by him, and not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in every detail will be immediately corrected, TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the public's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by . TEETH. 21 sets haying been inserted for patients during one year only directly and indirectly TEETH , through the voluntary persuasion and , recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses, TEETH. for reference, will be given to any would-be p dient personally apk.lying for them. These, TEETH. with thousands in the past, each recom mending their fr, ends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Parkinson s success. His unusually large dental establishment TEETH. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUST NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 TEETH. an,. 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, TEETH. &c., Ps hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he TEETH. now liqu fies for sale to dentists, nearly , 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- fore, in this speciality also the benefit of his TEETH. experiencs.. - TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination. MANCHESTER. 64 MOSLEY-STREET (National Telephone No. 1663. LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS. GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS at Mrs. Mees, 2to 5 p.m. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sankey-street, (Side entrance, first fl,or) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at M re . Hughes', Confectioner Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. BORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-street, er ii to 12 a.m.. and 1 to 5 D.M. .4I

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, 2. near WATRIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1855. r • WJL ILLIAM INDOP, 72, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES, TIPS, CHALK. WAFERS. CEMENT, AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS, DRAUGHTS, Jo. UMBRELLA AND WALKING STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TR IDE.

11 4 0 SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. BOYLE'S I Burning the New Smokeless Poet. •I See the latest, b -fore you purchase. IRONING MADE E a Y. Charcoal and gas irons STOVES. entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 5s l Thousands selling. Supplied on appioval. SHOWROOMS. I 41, DEANSGATE (opposite tram office) PATENTS. I DALHA g ENGINEERING WORKS. I Great Bridgewater-street. Oxford-street,

gabipping D.ottres.

W E WHITE STAR LIN ROYAL MAIL STEADIERS. LIVERPOta. to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. *MAJESTIC... Wed . Bar. 13. *ADRIATIC Wed., Mar. 20. Cotton not earned on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried oo tee voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low nave. including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line ars all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed In the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to lemar, Imam, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London, 8.0.. and 10, Water-street, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: • C4"--- JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAM MEN ' OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR OUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- ki DAY, and for BOSTON every TEURSDAY.—Fare £2. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW yont every WEDNESDAY.

it MERICAN LIE—SOUTRAMPTON to NEW .CA. YORK. direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.—Pare £2.

y EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- -1.4 warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAMES GOR- KATI, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

P RTERSIONS.-212,000 to advance on Mortgage of ill. Reversions and Interest under Wills at reasonable rates of interest or will purchase for cash. —MERBIIRT GARNER, 61, Lord-street, Liverpool.

MORTGAGE SECURITIES WANTED at once, in any district for £24,000. at ai per cent: Quick com- pletions and low legal charges.—HEßßEßT GARNER, 61, Lord- street, Liverpool.

5,000 LADY AGENTS Wanted immediately for the Celebrated American Female Pills ; highly re- commended; safe, reliable, and eft ctual. Sample Box 2s. 91 post free. The NEW Yomic Drug Company, Heading. (Medical Guide 6 stamps.)

- t B6PECTABLB, taiddle-aged MAN, wants situation with •gentleman to look after srmll dairy and to do odd work, good references.—Apply 3. SIMCOCK, The Cadney, Bettisfield, Whitchurch, Salop. LIECOND-HAND DRBSS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band LI Uniforms and Liveries for sale or hire.—JAMES GOR- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

HOUS.N and ESTATE CARPENTER seeks RE-IiNGAGR- MENT single-handed or otherwise. Good at repairs, remodelling stables no., very handy man for gentleman's estate, doing painting, glarng, and any j&bbing work, good references, disengaged in a few weeks.—X.L., 128, Boana- ST., MAIDSTONE.

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M.' PROFESSOR I,l_ OF SINGING AND VOICE PRODUCTION on the best Engliah and Italian roethods.—Terms, 10. BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON.

OOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Head Master—Mr. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.F.. F.R.G.S. VERY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. RECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and comprehensive. Recently Removed to larger Premises in Pilkington-road (near St. Luke's Station). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (inclusive) tor a few Boarders. Prospectus. Sm., on application to Head Master. NIsXT TER BEGINS TUESDAY. January 15.

SOUTIIPORT.- Superior Apartments; Drawing room ; on or two bedrooms. Inclusive moderate terms.—Mrs. BRISTOWE, 33, Avoridale-road. off Promenade.

lir COOK has few EGGS from his splendid Silver Y Wyanclottes, 4s. per dozen carriage paid.—SKEL- TON MANOR, MARSTON. BEDFORD. PLYMOUTH ROCK EGGS. third Drizu cock. Butterfleld's Cook's strains. 3s. Gd., unfertile replaced, Mrei L HALL. Plantation, Chead!e, Staffs.

CANARIBB, Canaries, in all varieties for breeding or song. Before purchasing tend for price and particulars. Grand stock at THIREETTLE'S, naturalist, Grapes Bill, Norwich. Established 1860.

Gs.—Am booking orders for eggs from my grand pen .12.1 of Pekins, including drake winner first at Dairy. Price 76. 6d. Bazaar Certificate. LEVESON GOWER. College, Cirencester.

ffiatinntrp, ,Scr., on OM. BLAST-FANS (new) for one fire for 15s. from maker. HARM Otley-road, Ski pton. Yorkshire.

MA CHINEILY.—Ten Stands, and 20 pair of Hollers from 31 to 7 ineLei long. for making boiled sugar sweets ; no reasonable offer ref used.—Apply 3, Bridge-street, Run- corn.

TN STOCK Hydraulic Presses. Rams from 4 to 14 inches, Pumps Hand or Power, Engines, Hoisting Machinery, Shafting, Pulleys, Plummer Blocks, etc.—WlLLux KNOTT, Fairfield street, Manchester.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grlerenn, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNB in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue or wheel and pulley patterns on appll- eation.—Telephone 229.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

FATE NT OFF ICII4 MANCHESTER, ESTABLI9IIED IN 183. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha ol more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practiaal knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-hstp to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, CE., it SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT ASBESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA' KINGS, SHBETINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE /RINGS, AND ABIISTOLINE, - Can only be obtained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the iorthern Counties: F. R. P U T Z, Sand 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CURPIIEY, AND CO.. 2. STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addressee: " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos,' Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERFD RV UN,CRUPULOITS DEALFRS.

113 CK AND Limited. ' INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, Ac. Civa:ranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA TIDE MANUFACTURER. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. :London, CarAiff, Newport, and Dublin. LRATDER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

GEORGE !TA KSON, PAWNER oxEn, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIEUMENTS of every De,oription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

JUST FORFEITED this week Lady's Silver English Lever WATCH, in beautiful v engraved cases. unscratched, capped and fully Payments taken. jewelled, warranted. A rare chance for any lady desiring a good reliable watch. Cost recently 5 guineas. A 23 3s. genuine bargain for

pNGLISII CONCERTINA. by Laehenal, London, full com- pass, in splendid mahogany case, a Payments taken. grand opportunity, as it cqat late owner 8 guineas and has hardly been £2 19s. 6D. used. Our price is

WE have in stock several grand WRINGING MACHINE'S. with warranted hard wood r and all latest improvements. Our Payments taken. two leading lines are 333.6d.and 355. Same machines sold in town for 455. and 50s.

OVERMANTLB, just out, splen- did Walnut Overtnantle Canopy and Brackets for orna- ments, brie-brae, &e., stands 42in. Payments taken. high and is 34in. wide, with best British plate with bevelled edges. A splendid chance and one not to be missed, See this and judge for 375. yourself, only

T ADY'S very pro ty Gold 1../ ALBERT. latest pattern, with tassell complete. A b rgain for Payments taken. £1 19s. 6d. Also another very hand- some one, warranted solid gold. Our E 2 price is to clear S. D SPRITTING BOXES.—On Sale a lot of Spritting Boxes. J. MATTHEWS. near Cemetery. Warrington.

mADAME IDA KUM Kent-road, BlaApool. &scribes the character, talents, and failings of any person from their handwriting or photo. Fee, Is.

BRITISH ARMY BLANKETS, 2s. each. Bft. long, 6ft. wide ; all wool ; r 206 per doz. Sample post free. 2s. 6d. from H. J. amigos. Government Contractor, Rye.

RHEUMATISM. IifiNHIMATP,M, RIIEUMATISM.—Cure gnarant ed by Prior's Magic Liniment; try it.— STORM Chemist, or 14 btamps of Prior, 8, Clarendon-st., London. N.W.

f OHSINE. new white Cream for polishing all kinds of Metal. For free samnle anvh Ay may send stampe addressed snvelo e to Lonsittx DEPOT, 7 Bullring, Birming- ham. Agents Wanted. INFLUENZA.-A SCRS CURB, a Certain Preventative. The prescription will be sent. gratis to anyone who en- closes a directed envelope stampet —Address the Rev. J. H. WOODEuR, Vicarage, Ormskirk.

DUES! PILES I All outward Piles cured in two or three days with BonnY s PATENT OINTMENT; Testimonials from all parts; only one trial solicits t.—Apply IV. BUDDY, Bradford, Yorks Boxes by post Is. 11d.

KEEP FROM DAMP.—! lIAVE some extra-strong white WATERPROOF SHEETS, 6ft. by 3ft. 2s. 6d, 6tt by 61t. 55., carriage paid; cost four times the money.—From HENRY J. Gleamy, Government Contractor, Rye.

T NETTING for rreservinz fruit trees. flower 1 beds, &c., from frost and blight. 35 square yards for Is, Sent any width on _approval. Oirriage paid on all orders over 55.-11. J. Gassow, Lh merchant, Rye, Sussex. pOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisities ; new and second-hand; cheapest house in the trade; goods bought and exchanged.—PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-street. Manchester (All Saints).

y ANCASHIEB GOLD WATCHES. equal in appearance to 14. 20-guinea watches. Chronometer, centre-semnds. stop watches, 15s. 6d.; keyless hunters. 183. 6d. each. Good time- keepers. Money returned if not approred.—Postal orders to A. COLLINS, Station-road. Alluviale. Lancashire.

UOUI4D, a way to make One Pound gone far as Three. The most wonderful Stock of Gentleq en's and Boys' Cloth- ing In Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on Lire, 3s. to ss. per day.—liamoon, 164, London-road, Liverpool. TOHN LOWS. Fire and Thief-proot SAFB MAKER, has ON SALB Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street Weet. Manchester.

BILLIARDS BAGATELLE !—The cheapest house for Billiard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisite is Haim Ice Duos., LTD.. 29. Blkla-et., London. W.C. Bend for new Price List, cloth and eushku samples, post free. Estab- lished 1862.

O CIIBMISTS and DRUGGISTS.—Business FOR SALB, in present hands 28 years.proprietor retiring, well fitted shop, seven-roomed house, rent f 2). st aldt and fixtures £153, or valuation, no goodwill.—ApE4 1. WIU3ON, West-street,. Boston, Lincs.

DRESti SUITS, 20s. excellea #ondt-sve,.., Few special, Misfits, from 30s. ; Coat, 10. and 12s. Snits on hire.; from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stock.—ELWOon 164. London-road, Liverpool.

J)RAPBRS, and FNNT DRALlilts, wanting a heap line, write at. once for 141 b sample bundle of VELVETEEN VENTS, lengths I yard to yard., is. 3d. per lb. Cash! Usual price, 2s. 31.; 3 ton lot, must be elearad quick t Mention paper.—CaLem and Co., Fent and Job Merchants, 15, York-place, Leeds.

- - - LI KIN and 6, ORBUTIC DISEASES such as ECZEMA., 1.0, SCURF, SYCOSIS (Ilarber's Itch), PIMPLES and other eruptions cured by "ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."— Has cured cases of long standing alter medical ir en have failed. Per Box 9fd. By Post Is. From E. ENGLAND, Lis- card. Liverpool. IOOK I LOOK II LOOK 111 GItBATBST' BARGAINS ON EANTII-10.000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes Pur- chased from the Government. Cost 76. Bd. eaoh, I will sends Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free, quite nevi, but put out of service. —HENRY JOUN GasSON, Government Contractor, Rye. BELFORD'S "TUEPIICA."—If you suffer from RHEUMATISM, GOUT, LUMBAGO, ASTHMA, SWOLLEN LIMBS, or any similar ailments, Send for a bottle of my" Turpina," it will speedily and ra Really care you. Instant relief after first application. Splendid. testi- monials. In bottles at la. lid., 26.9 d.. and 4s. 6d, each, or post free 3d. extra, in P. 0.0. or stamps.—SAMES BEL- FORD, 149, CLEVELAND-ST., LONDON. W.

KILLED by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced, as they find the rats dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers an others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, an,wers well. Land infested with these pests can be speedily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLE POISON. Price of either of above. 1.. 24.. is post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

A WARDED F IRST PR IZ B MEDAL, Adelaide .23.. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always in stook. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, eleographs, ti,C. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Ever y requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country. and shim log orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just published (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. —H. MORELL, 17 and 18. ireatbt. Andrew-st„ BloomAnry, London. Telegraphic address ...Rabbitry," London. Stock lets and nriee of glass monthly. free.

BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLO A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING DRVIIRAGE. Made by the Simple Atoltion of Bailing Water. At a Cost within the renal of M 4. LITTLN BTANHOPE-ST.. MAYEDAIIi.W

V ELHAM'S ASTHMA CURE never fails to cure canaries, See you gat Welbam's. Post free 7d. Canarydine Works, Gordon-grove, Camberwell, London.

eIOCKHRELS (Prize Strains, Orpington, Black Minorcas \) and Silver Wyandottes, ss. each. Eggs above strains and Plymouth Rocks 2s. 6d. per dozen.—J. G. POWNALL, Great Sankey, near Warrington.

ITBSICO-SUDORIFIC.--The most famous and humane V Blister for Horses in the world ;no blemish ;no tying the heads, no rest ne-ded ; hundreds of unsolicited testimon- ials post free ; price 2s. 6d. or 55., of Chemists, or post free. —G1110:101M Veterinarian, Bristol.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly Li CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Look free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Cindy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rub'24 off. Prices, ( oz. Is. ; 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases .af Horses, Dogs, &c. from CONDY'S FLUID W °lam 61. Turnmill-stmet. Lomion,E .C.

“HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH.”—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility : post free, two starnps.—A4dress Dr. Mk/AXE& 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest, way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Zook sent post free. Full of valuable Information. Address GEORGE liirAxs and Co,. Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st.. Loudon,

TMPORTANT NOTICE.—WANTED every man to seethe Mirror, an illustrated guide of 64 pages. Free y post. Any address in envelope.—Write IL. HOWELL. Secretary, 4, Bitaallan-square, Sheffield.

1-1 REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds. which do you no good, but only ruin your digest ice organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN mere for lost strength, wasting weakness, 8b3., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC ITT. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.C.

trprits, fiasOttiettes, earrtages, tzt _ ANHLAGH CTCLES are of the Highest Quality at Lowest Prices; good Ageilts wanted in every town and village where not represented; new lists now ready.— HINELAGU CYCLE Co., Leamington and Coventry.

VERT STXLISH SINGLE MAIL CART, beautiful fawn V colours ; brass jointed hood; handsomely upholstered ; bicycle wheels ; first-class makers ; take 305.; bargain.— LIMES, Stanhope-road, St. Albans.

CYCLES.— Before purchasing call and inspect my stock, cheapest ever offered, prices to suit all pockets ; Solids, from 255.; Cashions, from 355.; and Pneumatics, from £4 10s. ; exceptional bargains; sole agent for the celebrated Bothwell Cycles, ahead of all for speed, lightness, strength, and durability; popular prices - all kinds of machines exchanged.—PauTiNtyrox, Ward's Buildings, 47, Deansotte, Manchester. and 114, Bold-street, opposite Sayings Bank, Liverpool. FREE! FREE! Post Free to any Address SAFETIES! SAFiTIESI SAFBTIBS I Important to Agents,Dealers and others. Wholesale List cntaining 1003 (One Thousand) Machines, new and second hand, sent Post Free to any address. 5 per rent. cheaper than ther makers or agents. Why pay more or fancy prices P Single machine at wholesale price. Write at once tor the largest and most complete list in the cycle trade. Sterling yit us and no large profits. W It. WARRILO W, Cyc.e Works, Itegent- street„ Weston-super-Mare.

Li " A RAND LI ACH BUILDERS, S ILDERA, " ° " 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The beat work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victories, kveconettP.. end Ph.,,.tont fnr Slip orffirp

Iflttstral instrumellts. ('APITAL Two-manual diel37ne—v-iTtinZe----rich tone lj splendid pitch pine case.—Atrx. YOUNG and Sorts organ builders. Eldon-street, Manchester.

A MERICAN ORGAN, containing 4 sets of reeds, it stops, 13. octave couplers, and knee swells, handsome walnut case, mirror top. just new. accept £l2 10s. cash. and send on approval,—J. HIBBI, S. City-road, Higher Openshaw, Man- chester.

SMITH, SONS, AND COMPANY.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STRENT, MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE GREAT MAKERS. KIRKMAN ERNST K APS. COLLARD GOBS & KALLMANN BROAD WOOD IBACH HOPKINSON BECIISTEIN, tte. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 year's system. PIANOS from 10a. 6d. monthly, OFICIMITS from ss. monthly, till paid for. Delivered tree in Viarringt and DI trict on payment of first month's hire. Nat. Tel.

BNSHAW. PIANOS: HENSHAW. PIA RENSHAW. leonlilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANCHES •• PEOPLE'S MODEL, seven octaves. nil trichord, cheek action, panel front, iron, frame, In veneertd c:ses, £22 cash. or may be obtained by easy payments of 12s. 60. monthly. Deliver.-d free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 103.6 d. monthly, by all Eh: leading makers. All instruments sold by RENSHAW are fully war- ranted. 83. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repaired or taken In exchange. AMERICAN ORGANS, ' I full comtlara, with knee swell. in handsomely finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly till paid for. HEINSHAW,being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. RENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not want both money and instrument. RENSHAW supplies dealers with. Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT RENSHAW'S, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- TER, if you can get them better and cheaper ebewhere. PIANOS. HENSHAW.

PIANO SALE AT J. PARRY'S, 20, DOWNING-ST., ARD- WICK, iNIANCIIIIoT RR. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compa.ss Semi-grand, by Broadwood £2 15 Foil-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Plano, by Stoddart 3 10 Pull-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Schumann 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Pull-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard & Collard 11 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Brosdwood & Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ, 9 sets. 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 15 Piano A Organ combined, a grand instrument, coat £lOO 20 0 Piano Orchestrion, self-acting, with music, cost £35 l5 0 Several Organs by Bell, Storey and Clark, Briogeport and Thomas, from £2 15s. upwards,

- WILLIAM SHAW, JUNE., " EXAMINER tiFFICE." - WATERLOO BIJILDINOg; TOP LOCKS, RUNCORN. MUSICAL INSTRUMENT DRALRE. STATIONER AND TOBACCONIST. AGENT FOR RUSH WORTH'S LIVERPOOL, AND CAMPBELL'S, GLAY3OW. SPECIAL ACCORDEONS, OROANETTES, MOUTH ORGANS, ETC. All the Best Quality Instrum entsfit Lowest Prices. Repairs of Every Description. Pianos on the Easy Payment System. J UPTUKE.

Telephone: N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, AUCTION Rooms—No.l Bank Street } Warrington. Aukk'T To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stook Insurance Assoehtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS CO WD ELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OPFICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD CHAMBERS. SALEROOM:— J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

---- MATMMONY.—lntroductions arranged for all who wish to marry.—For particulars send six stamps to MADAM DE AMNIA, 80s, Deansgate, Manchester.

Ittontp.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. L PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from .E 2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object. —Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 28, Haydock-st, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANUED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. ?or prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

'i. ECONOMIC BANK (LD.) 5n OLD BROAD STREET, LONDON, B.C. Accounts opened with sums of £1 and upwards. 21 PER CENT. interest allowed on deposits from date of deposit, repayable en demand. 2 PER CENT. on minimum quarterly balance of current accounts, Cheques can be drawn for sums under RI. All funds invested in first-class realisable securities. No loans, discounts, or overdrafts No charge for keeping accounts. Particulars free. SAMISEL CYR-NEI' MASSEY, Managing Trustee.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. NIR. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCIIIS FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. el °REY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS, Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written promise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 6t 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO TO £l,OOO, To Responsible Persons, on the Borrowen' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE 10 REPAY. Without Sureties, Delay, Law Costs. Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life Policies, &c. at 5 per cent. Repayments by Easy Instalments. Capital can remain atinterest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, And not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS REQUESTED NOT TO APPLY. Full particulars from— J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., Manchester Chambers, 465, Market Street, MANCHESTER.

THE MILLER OIL LAMP, LATEST UP-TO-DATE IMPROVEMENTS. A STEADY, LARGE, AND WHITE LIGHT. BEST AND SIMPLEST DEVICE FOR RE-WICKING EVER INVENTED. CANNOT LEAK. FROM IRONMONGERS. PLUMBERS, LAMP DEALERS, OR WHOLESALE FROM BAXENDALE'S, MILLER-STREET, MANCHESTER.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all who suffer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, Lou OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, O. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, RS a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE save no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. DR, SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those ander their charge as by paying attention to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBH,RT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. Bf post for 14 or 34 stamps.

ALL LETTERS TO BE ADDRESSED TO EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON. TE "EXAMINER" SERIES OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEws.Argas Comprises THE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE "EXAMINER," published every Saturday morning. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON •‘ EX- AMINEE," published every Friday afterno THE ST HELENS " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon. THE RUNCORN "EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon ; and THE WIDNES " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon. PREPAID ADVERT.SUENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above mentioned Papers for ONE CHARON, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO RE LYIK, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE DY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANT. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD, One Thre-;Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Advertise ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

THE EXA,MINEN, SATURDAY, MARCH 9 1895.

2 .. 47- T JACO. s S t. , • 1 , .1 . . , , Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lumbago, Sprains, Soreness, Stiffness, Pains in the Chest, Pains in the Limbs, Pains in the Back, and all Aches and Pains. Price 1/1.1 and 2/6. 1 , 4 , i'' . , 4 1 fx , xt"7 ' ' ~, , „-- ~ . ....„_,,.....„.

T 0 WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful Errors. Early Decay, Wasting Weaknes., Lbst Manhood, GrAvel Pains in the Back, Diseases, &c. we will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work, should be read by every man who is nervous and deb litated. —Address Messrs. WILK NSON and CO., Medical Hall, blieffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S t-PECIAL ELIXIII is 4s. 6d. the case Can be obtained direct.

ES PAELISHEI 1851 BIRKBECI BANK Southampton Buildings. Oiancery Lau,. Losidoi:., TWO-AND-A-HALF per CEI,I. INTLIts:.-.T allowed D EFOSITS, repayable on demani. TWO per CENT. on CURINNT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIEs purcuased and SAVINGS DETARTAIENT For the encouragement ot Thrit; the Bank receives smallsum on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed HIRKBECR BUILDING- SOCIETY 110 W TO PURCHASE %. HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD ;AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE BIIILLINGS PEi MONTH. The EIRKBECK ALMANACK, with nll particulars. post fre FRANCIS RASENSCROFT. Manager.

NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS h(live a , -•• reputation of nearly too YEARS ,;;,.,... - „ • ~." ' . as bows WITHOUT AN EQUAL • a 3 a Remedy fur INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA. , , I% il SICK EiLIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, and LIVER ~:,'.!-:4 COSTIVENESS. COMPLAINTS, 41111111• ,„ . 511:. • ; 0. oua" 4 .4, i , . . .0 V." , • . , , 4,,, tt% Mild in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Cold in Bottles at ls. IW. :I:. 2,2., and 11.. each, by all Ilfedleine Vendors throughout the World. Ask for -. No. ton's Camomile Pills," and do not he persuaded to purchase an imitation, Prepared by NenrON's LTD., 21 Spital Square, London, E.C.:I

''. FATNEss , *e: FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. N. Dr.CAMERON'S JEESITINE PILLS are a Ir safe and pleasant cure ; sent free from kik . ut,servation on .eceipt of P.O. for 2s. 6 A marvellous mems of reducing exceosive t,t. and Improviv the eomplexion."---li, CAMERON, 33, Imperial Mansions, Oxford roe., ..,, ..t., L. •

POLISHIN G—A PLEASURE t %VIII, NOT FINGER STFPHENSON's j*,-,,,/t z MARK. FURNITURE CREAM. _ 1 111110? 6' r • - Sold by Chemists. Grocers, and ironmongers. Bole Proprietors, sTEpRENSoN BROS.. BRADFORD,

LADIES 1 DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and must successful method known for rerroving all Irregularities and Obstructions no matter how nosed or long standing, no nau eom pills, powders. miatares or any other usele6s storneen medicine to take. Nal ure impossible tinder this tieatmetit. Sufferers may obtain particulars free o charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDIN6TON, 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn, London.

WELLS'S ORAVEL PILLS, A sore curefor Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the back GRAVEL Dropsy, Wind end Water Complaints PILLS GRAVkL Disea,es of the Kidoeys. Bladder. PILLS GRAVEL Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet. Strictu, e PILLS GRAV L Sciatica, Rheumatism, &o. The Effect PILLs GRAVEL lof One Box is Slarv.dlous. Price 1/li. I PILLS GRAVEL and 2/9 p r Box. A2,..nts :—U & Co. I PILLS GRAVEL I Buttermarket-st.,Fairhsyht &Co Horse- PiLLs RAV El, I ma Young, , ket-st.. J. it. Sat: key-et., I PILLS Boots, Bridge-at., Wrring, on or free by post from THE PR .PRIEToRS., 41. Scotland-road. Livltpool.

AIITD.'B TASTLLEzs:S DANDELION ANTIBILIOUB PILLS. is. 10. and 2s. 94, per box (by post fir 15 or 33 stamps). ore a proved substitute for calomel. Are stited tor either sex. Ind may be taken at any time. 'I hey clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of honours, purify the Mood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. atter -,xcess in eating or &inking, and are tie most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. NJ Blue Pill or Mer 'oriole, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 28), Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLA.SIrER, is. lid., per 'Mx, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however had ties •ase. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , ANC PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. old by all Paten; Medicine Vendors

v/ CONCREVES • BALSAMIC ELIXIR. The Grand Old Remedy for Chest Diseases. (IN USE FROM THE YEAR 1826.) This splendid medicine should be in every household. On the appearance of the First Symptoms of a Cold a good dose of tha BALSAMIC ELIXIR will, in nineteen *tit of twenty cases, carry it off before it becomes settled or merges into Influenza. At the first SUSPICION OF IN. FLUENZA take it,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also take it for the SUBSEQUENT WEAKNESS of the LUNGS, and other direful effects of this alarmit.g disease. aßev. F. E. Ilium of Derby, in a recent letter to Mr. Congreve says: "Year medicine always puts my lungs right, and drove out the arra& INFLUENZA last May. In CASES OF Coughs, Recent or Chronic, and Bronchial Affections Persevere vitt. this medicine, and you can hardly fail to get the Cough relieved, and the bronchial symptoms to disappear. In that very distressing disease, so terrible, especially to the a6.id, ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— ONGRENE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief. The reader is referred to the case of LADY G. BROMLEY(No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's book). Also note that this medicine should be kept in the house by all MINISTERS and PUBLIC SPEAKERS. For HOARSENESS it ir'invaluable, and Splendid for the Voice, and as a PREVENTATIVE OF COLD to speakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of sugar in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVES BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors in bottles at zs. z%d., as. 9d., 4s. 6d., and family bottles at its. and 223.

SWOT GOLD MEDAL I=o 111 KNITTER 111 KNITS St*ckingeribbederplaill GLOVES and CLOTHING he WOOL, SILK. or COTTON. INSTRTIO. • TWIN 3 FRE& IA ta free rer pupt. • • TRIIIMPIIANT AWARD at PARIS. The cal) WAN NkR in the WOULD of 7 GOLD MEDALS and 19 other Honour. If A P.^.ISON KNITTING MACHINE Co. Ltd. Worka ; 48, Upper Brook St.. Maucheater.

ISOMININEMIIak These tiny CAPSULES , . are superior to Balsam ' ' SII •110 ' of Confabs, Cubebs or Pkri IA Injections and cure In 4 , 48 hours the same ' diseases without ineon- -47 IDI venience. 4/6 of all Che- t:nista. Or post free. WILCOX a Co., 489, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W I

TO LADIES I THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINB, was is overed by a married Lady during her travels in the Isar East, Who has never known it to fail in removing the wore, aases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two ho.irs, even alto' all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the aetiot. of this extraordinary preparation, which is almost instautane ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense, illness Worry,and cruel bitter disappointment by having this vernal at once. Sent secure from observation for 4s. 6d.—Mrs. BA NGTON, 4. Featherstone-buildings, London. W.C.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The fortnightly meeting of the above Board was held at the Board room of the Workhouse, on Wednesday. Mr. W. Houghton presided, and there were also present Mrs. Clay, Rev. G. F. Roberts, Messrs. S. Davies, G. Thompsdn, J. that ke, T. B. Malkin, T. Hatton, W. Hick- man, A. J. Jolley, E. L. Bent, W. Cross, J. Houghton, T. , Mather, J. Billinge, U. Pining, A. Jolley, J. W. Knowles, ' W. Warburton, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk), and C. H. Ward (master). SATISFACTORY STATE OF PADCIATE SCHOOLS. The Superintendent reported that the schools were now free from infectioes disease, and that the health of the children was very good. SITUATIONS WANTED FOR BOYS. The CHAIRMAN said that the Schools Committee were wisl.tul to secure places for eligible boys who were in the school at Padgate. Mr. Mines had sent circulars to 24 tradesmen in the town.offering the services of the boys, but not a single application had been received. ' TOWNSHIPS REPORTED TO THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD. The CLERK said that the Union auditor had reported to the Local. Government Board, all those townships whose monthly statements had not been sent in within the prescribed time during the past year. ENTERTAINMENT AT THE W0(11E1101/3E. The CHAIRMAN announced that Mr. G. 'Thompson had arranged for an entertainment to take place at the Work- house the following evening. An invitation was given to all Gaardians and officals to attend, VOTE OF CONDOLENCE WITH THE CLERK. The CHAritiiths said that last meeting, he had to refer to the death of Mr. Ratcliffe, and he was sorry that now he had to refer to the death of the daughter of their Clerk (Mr. Sutton). He moved that a vote of condol- ence and sympathy be passed to him in his sad bereavement. Mr. Davies seconded the motion, and referred to Miss Sutton's active interest in the affairs of Frodsham and the neighbourhood. The motion was carried unanimously and Mr. Sutton, in reply, said that lie thanked the Board for their gener- ous sympathy. His loss was one he could not express. APPLICATION FOR THE POST OF HAIRDRESSER. The Cuarems.e read a letter which had been received from Mr. James Stirrup, Buttermarket-street, offering his services as hairdresser to the Union for the ensuing year. He offered to discharge the duties of the office to the entire satisfaction of the Board. He stated that he had been a ratepayer for the past 11 years, and he sincerely trusted that the Board would see its way to give him the post. The CLERK said that the post was formerly advertised for, but at the present time it was held by a man ap- pointed by salary. Until the post was vacant, the letter could not be entertained. The post had not been for tender during the past six years.

ON E CASE OF ARMY AND NAVI MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure , Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (Internal and external), Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixtur 2.a. a. us.ly of ItuP, tis,sr..tss,ts Clizinist, (late Methati3).332. Deansgate.'6lsaohest r. Advtoer free

THE GREAT REMEDY. 110.11Aials GOU PILLS YOE GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBFkGO The Excruciating Pain is quickly reliewd. Sure. and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at Is. lid. and 21. per box.

aFOR TFIE BLOOD IS THE WE': FtLARKEs WORLD-FAMED BLOOD 111111XTUREI THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated. for it cleanses and clears the blood from all mmuritimi." This is a good testimonial from the Famila Doctor, which goes on further to say "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we con with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whaterer cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, skin sad Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects re marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and heumatic Pains, for it removes the cousl from the blood and nes. 'thousands of Testimonials. In bottles Is. 9.4. and . each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- etors LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG MPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worti,less Imitations.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Palm in the back. Oeanteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes. 6,1_ each, by sll Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamp, by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COTJNTIRS DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; Ban CLAY & SON London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

DR. MACKAY 'S MARVELLOUS Fta MAL Y ME FOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- TIES stands unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope leis cases yield to this extra -Unary Medicine In six hours. Immense sale threughout th warld. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, for ss. 6d. DR. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

• '8 [My IS GREAT PURITY, . . ~ ' PERFECT WHITENESS • ' BEAUTIFUL LUSTIE. Used in all sTAIicH, the principal Laundries. ' . . . , .. . . SOLD BY ALL GROCERS a OILMEN IN ORIGINAL 4IA PACKETS; 1 LB Ilk L•. AND i LB BOXES.

Bott e 3 , V,, ato c.) a.17:3 ,1 1/14-.2. 2/9 41/- , * ii tir 0, ec , ;„. , ‘...; 4-• vt . . 4/Aiiik.)2;:i_ II 11 . ii\j‘ltkilf'--ft ) : . "Vs \ \aV 42 < A , P. - V 47. ... I/ . , - ~ - . Vilomi. ,- FoRFAR ATHLETIC / ,--• , ~,,, 4, • -A. , - ' ~ . ------. .... all who have, 1, ,i 4... ---,-,- ~ V • jt 577: e ..'. : ' ILZ ea it _ ------- 1.1:. ...... --- ..7.4 reiareldn Ocijic3jV ..,`""'"" 'ay., el ""."-l'frl-.^ *- ---,---- -- • , ELLIMAN $0.1.7',3 si.„._sl, ....„ „Mc,. 4 y ,-- ;,„"":"':::": I/ ';i.c..: /fo b ENO LAN D . t ..---,..., 4 4...v.„6-,-->,... .4(ti/p •• --ok, ,whi, ' ' .......-^ 6'2/, •si ( I . -

PURE IRISH LIN ,N. IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET Guaranteed all Pure'Flax. Ladies size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pare Linen Collars 4/11 per dozer; made special to pattern, 8/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/8 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Fluckal?ack TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS' FOR SU NIMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED, aalni diNSitryel Wool.pl eaUsnessuarvp ardfor fordSietsr,enogrtcl:e,nDtsu,ravib.eailitry, PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST ALL PARCELS OVER 201- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO" LARNE; IRELAND.

The -Jab.. maul., Half-Guinea COSTUMES. NEW REGISTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers in the World. at less than Half Ordinary Prices. ~ These Costumes are made in The John Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy„,•oo' 241/ Brown, Myrtle, Ruby, Reseda. Tan, Grey, or Drab; they are supplied complete • • - .'. for the ridiculous price of 1.0/13 eAch, packed in leather board box, and li of sent carriage paid for 9d. extra, and in the making them there are • Over SOO Workers Employed. . The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the .ir ,z,li ii ) 1 • world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. ~) ' .: \ ..... Edeh garment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into a pointed saddle that , i terminates in two points at the front; full fashionable sleeves, bound . a`.> :1" P ~. , ', \ . seams, and belt, and the bodice can be worn inside or outside the /,.. . \.. i,l// i skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of the skirt. • A 1, ~... , and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row -- - of fine silk cord, the whole thus forming A LADY'S COMPLETE' 0/6 ,• ~,,,,, • . - .41 I COSTUME FOR - I ~.:, ~,„;„, , /es:: . h. ;4: , ' The Present Design wands all previous ones ill v -,ry y / .....i' respect. The style is bette,, the cut is superior, and the ma, and N/ ' / 7 firnsh beyond all c-iticism, thus adding in a triple degree to the , fl already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An / ,/, (e" enormous success, and are known in every part of the civilised . I • A., world. Each Costume packed in boa and sent carriage paid for 9.1. . ‘‘ , . extra. The sires kept in stock will fit any figure up to 36 inches round I ‘Wk the bust under arms, but larger or special sizes can be made to order , at a cost of 1/6 extra. h ; / LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable ',' ' 1 „ • Wide Shape, are also supplied in the John Noble Ches lot Serge, RS ..pekricve,,lvoently p!si,i.p. o;n:Cy,e7tu/mee; .grilti/ l \v follows . Costume Skirts, untrimmed I 'k \ Sir-eta, trimmed broad crossband of 0 Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, pr ce only 6/6. A I. Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra. ~ Colours as above. ~• - KNOCKABOUT FROCKS for Girls From Are 11,50 Fupelied in the Jobe Noble Cheviot Lengths 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 ins. 1 serge, with saddle top, long full sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices:— Price 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 5/- 5/6 each, /AWL, Postage 41d. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to hottom of ,-,:;irt In front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERCE mu.) ifsamaef.ahlticisofssrienacthedsurawlitity and world-wide does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown, Mvi tie. t 67,/ 7 Reseda. Ruby, Grey, Drab, Tan, or Black Ea- ry reader can secure a Full Dress Length ot 4 ' ••, SIX YARDS for 7/6. Sent carriage paid for 9cl„ extra. tar PATTERNS, also nustrated 'Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies Rni Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. 41 MILTN NOBLE, LTD The Warehouse, •4 li. Pion:y.llv, MANCHESTER .. . . . ........__

"HERE'S YOUR HEALTH" in BROOKE, BONDS' strong, rich Tea. Insidi- ous influenza is once again lying in wait in the land and nobody can afford to ignore it. The only way in which to ward off that weakening malady is to keep a cheery mind in a comfortable body. Fortunately BROOKE, BONDS' delici- ous Tea can do all that for you and yours and for only a few pence. too. ASK ANY OF OUR AGENTS, who are every,. here, for a six-penny quarter- pound packet of our perfect Tea. It's put up and sealed and priced by us at our Head-quarters, so you are sure to get the rig, t tea at the right price, I here's real comfort for your mind and body in that siapenn'orth, aye, and possibly a longer life, also. So don't disdain that Jittls friend in need Th ugh little its good inde-,1. It's always close at hand and ever at your ser- vice. And our other Teas awl prices suit all People and all purses : 1/-9 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 AND 2/8 A LB. BROOKE BOND/ 8c CO., • LTD., THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES, 17. PICCADILLY, / MANCHESTER, 29, MARKET STREET,

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to the'A NEW CATALOGUE.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 23rd February 1895. 1 During the week, which was the Bth of the current year, the following births and deaths were f, registered Births. Deattus. Warrington 35 27 . Latchford 6 2 , Total 4l 29 The excess of births over deaths was 12. The death. rate from all causes was equal to 264 per 1,000, against. 193 the average of the previous four weeks, and against • 14.5 the corresponding week of last year. The death' rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 21 per:1,000. against 15 the average rate of the four . previous weeks, and against 2 8 the corresponding week ot 1894. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 5 7 2 1 9 3 27 —l— 1 2 . 1 • The deaths included-2 from scarlet fevor, 1 from whooping cough, 3 from phthisis, 1 from cancer, 2 from old age, 5 from brain disease, 6 from lung disease, 1 from drowning. The following cases of infectious disease have been . reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 13 cages enteric fever, 1 case; puerperal fever, 2 cases. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending 23rd Feb., 1 32. • Meteorology.—The mean temperature was 30 Fah., I and therefore 4degs. higher than the preceding Week' The maximum temperature 41 F.. was recorded on the 22nd inst., and the minimum temperature 18 F., on the 20th inst. The rainfall measured nil inch. The general direction was N.E., the readink of the anemometer denoting 695 miles. - JOHN H. GORNALL, , Medical Officer of Health.

• SOUTIIPoRT. PRIVATE CONVALESOENT TERMS MODERATE. HIGHEST REFERENCES' MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNI_,!; TRAINED NURSES. KNYPERSLEY HOUSE. PARK-ROAD

TEETH. TEETH. 1 TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price. UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The TEETH. public may rest assured that these tit/de- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTO• TEEM,,, and perhaps the best guarantee of this be .. in tending patients is that J. H. PARKIN.' SON has one of Largest Dental Emotive TEETH. in England, the outcome of empin=l the BEST LABOUR, using the ...,,,,, TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging '"" i'il LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. and 9 I'EETH. Any set made, or work done by him. ' 1 not giving ABSOLUTE SATI iFACTION ir TEE.„,.... every detail will be immediat-ly etrrecte,..l) . or an ENTIRE NEW SET made F EKE u'' CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the pubic's satis- i faction and recommendation, exemplified Isf " TEETH. 21 sets having been inserted for patients doing one year only directly and indirectll TEETH. through the voluntary persuasion end reCOO; mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. An.' .... or all of these patients' names and addresses, , ellEEThl. for reference, will be given te any would-be , patient personally applying for them. These, , TEETH. with thousands in the past, each rennin" mending their friends, speak volumes for TEETH. Parkinson's success. nt i His unusually large dental establishille n , TEETH. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUS' ' NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCONIH ris = FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily, from 9 td 12 T and 2 to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTIO TEETH. &c.. as hitherto, by the aid of his own mad,. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which ue _ aril TTEEEETH. TEI. new liquifies for sale to dentists 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, theta. fore in this speciality also the benefit of experience. . e TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, ,- TEETH. MANCHESTP it, 46, MOSLEY-STREET. ' , National Telephone, No. 1660.) LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Meet), 2 to 5 Prn. wARRID/GiON ON iirEONWMAYS'. 3, S rikey-streeb' (Side ent ance, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. it u /SCORN, on TH LT RSDA YS. at Mrs. H Ithcs',OanfeCtiOnee N()RTlik'rWIClRl3r oor ni Bridge-street, a;'ls,a f i.t,tloB,sAppp.imem. ar,koet-street, eali.lain.. Ttre)AetY , from 2 t^ 5.

di £4 44 SEWING Maexixas, Hand £2 189. 6d. Trea _ • handsome walnut cover.-7. and W. DUTTON, 16 ELI" Sankev•• • Warrington.—Advt. CYCLBS,—HARLAND, Sole Agent, Bridge-st., ton. V7s‘rringa ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN hemmed and marked, free chargo.—.7. and W DUTTON, Sankey-4., Warrington,— of ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and waked fl." charge.—J. and W. DITTToN, Sankey-et.. Warrington.—

BIRTH. _,Angte FERNLEY. On February 28th. at 14 Sankey-st., WM.-- the wife of Mr. S. Fernley, of a son. MARRIAGES. web, WARBORTON—KAY—February 23, at the Parish C.l.thar Warrington, by the Rev. A. A. Markham. •"' Warburton to Ellen Kay. BURNES—CLARKE—February 24, at the Parish Churf.h33.oW:s rington, by the Rev. A. A. Markham, John Arthu to Mary Elizabeth Clarke. DEATHS. _woo. KELLY —February 23rd, at 33, Gusrdirin-street, Virsr". Margaret Kelly, aged 38 yam' and 6 months. 13110 bet MlLLe—February 22, at Napier-street, Warrington' - kilns, aged 44 ye trs. vp,n Illooms —February 23, at Green's Court, Margaret Higgins, aged 65 yeat a. riatont STANDLey—February 25 at Foster-street. William War Rtandley. aged 67 years. tv,nrringlan. GARNER—February 25, at Catherine-street. „ Charles Garner, aged 37 years. ridEgtrn'' HASLERußsT—February 27, at Manchester road, ' Annie T. Haslehurst. aged 18 years. -sweat° SMlTll.—February 27th, at 72, Priestly-street, Peter Burton Smith, aged 56 years. IN MEMORIAM. nbac t DYNEAVAND.—In loving memory of Thorny; master mariner, of Runcorn, who died on '- 1892. Still mourned for.
