===== 0002601_18950713_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
4.4. ELECTORS CORDIALLY INVITED.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN TOMLINSON BRUNNER.

1:111it:6 ckt It T.liErn.E,S. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 4,44.,inttre„-.IsGTON'B Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure 4.-- ml —IRV 0-8.... ed ; consulting hours 10 tilt 3. Truss AFT/lance Works, 7 a 0, Grosvenor-street , Lon- -!....anchester .

htli(-1------h4,EST-PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver. 141,0,11:101d Sheffiel4 and Sleety° Plate. Antiques. rj Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST s Gibson). 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

TO THE ELECTORS OF BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. Atil tr ll)44nzi, • tlipt?tt,l,Ye been requested by the General Council 5. TY arrington Liberal Association to offer my r4Ctji„4 candidate at the ensuing Parliamentary 4441k-tin9n.' and have much pleasure in accepting the b.l (IN 1.14 il ;1!1 favO of Home Rule for Ireland b. y Ltlat-a legislaur tion. which, while satisfying the t blainlve'ee of the people, will at the same time let -11 r the supremacy of the Imperial Parini- fo wil, P 11•1 11'198° anpio t the Disestablishment of the fi titotea; a°,` _E,s gl a nd°ri n Wales; the principle of Local te 4a,iiiptied to the control of the LiquorTr_affi_c:; a:tp, trYers' Liability Bill; the abolition _of the oLnl Veto at present possessed by the H t'al)oe'leßislation for the limitation of the House flours H.Tate .tb; Pensions for the Aged Poor; One man One 74 t: 'ekistration and tt lection Law Amendment; IN olllzent of Members of Parliament and return- , Veers' expenses. ia atlae expressing my warm admiration for the haat Ift,",a adopted by Sir William Harcourt in his w'alttthiC,'Ret in regard tz, the re-adjustment of the ' 'lltiee. I would support a further extension h 111 8 kind ple I),,ribriciPle of a Graduated Income Tax will ke,71:3311-e'eartY support. Ca th-tl,ll burden imposed by Mining Royalties I'4 di.77naportant Iron Industries of this town n tlllizio)",,"rtet, demands immediate consideration and 'till -4 Fin it pp,. -PPott such a re-adjustment.. iltale-eraB.arti,ently remove all with in the way lietii "nt competition with Continental Man- i rers ! , vfolue lthe suPport whatever measures are necessary 'kfiti,se`nPer Housing of the Working Classes, the -etar,--n ot Ground Rents for local purposes, and a I,t 14 ilnd.easY Sale and Transfer of Land. CI, tlaila 1.i,11, I aVourof maintaining the Army and Navy 14 ig,a vs;ghest degree of efficiency consistent with ti R a - respon ibilities of this great Empire, but 4(lterel ci - teroinds you that the present Coalition tistAl rzeut has succeeded to office because of a re- at-41 FAbra, the part of Sir 11. Campbell Bannerman, ch ko8:, as well as the most popular War Minister 11 Al.e,„ ,--'ll times. to give information in regard to 'ave TY, which if Publicly disclosed could only service t 0 Iti4Ceen of ' the Enemies of our 1 ry it, i • IQ a ini 111t(lem .Poasible within the limits of this address ' _ d et „Ivith the h 1 )f the matters which are of t-iittri neitbtu this iwrnpOa rttt(nt constituency, but I hope -No e next few days to address you frequently It 4in Public. ii to rn la. itl he- fte,s-s e the great .honour to elect me as Itt:raetre entativo in Parliament, no _effort will . oaqtckl'ang an my part to make myself a worthy • I 1-n of h ; interests committed to - Cate. t a important --voill_ I have the honour to remain, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, PERCIVAL B. SCUTT. s• ii 4410wtleld. Manchester.

I

WILLIAM GALE, JltbliLy BUTCHER,

ittllli r . .'40411 A t_ •

27, BRICK-STERET,

FRNNBL-STRENT, WARRINGTON, OTTON. BRBF. VEAL, PORK, !cc.. oand from 50. to 80. per lb. k Trial Solaittd.

A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. --

The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into 12 C hapters. The first chapter treats of the changes at puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out thci best age for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chanter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of maternal impressions and shows that birthmarks are not clue to longings t n the part of the mother, bat rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy I certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of oonfinemen until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells bow to treat the mother till she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility ; civet) the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result The last chapter treats of the "change,' a most important article for al women over forty. The book is full of useful information and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much i told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had from Dr. T. R. ALLINSON, 25 Box, 4, Spanish-place, Manchester-square, London, W., in return for a Posta Order for Is. Id.

TAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN

•-•

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVBRPOOL to NEW YORE via QUeentitOWD, EVERY WEDNESDAY. GeRMANIO Wed July 17. I „TEUTONIC Wed., July 24.

ADELAIDE. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STHAMERS from LIVEIRPOOL.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADBLPHIA, every WED- NESDAY.

. _ Cotton not earned on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus", Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to IntAT. Isms, and Co., 34, headenhall-street, London, ILO., e.nd 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at C THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any ot the above-mentioned or any other JOHN WALKER AND 00. AGENTS

. .

GOOD NEWS YOB LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late emitent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) t.f a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter how caused or how long standing. This Remedy causes No Pain, Nausea, or Proatration whatever.

MADAHR DOUGLAS, 127 Gaieford Street, Londe, N.W. A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Mon, 9 to 9 p.m., on TURSDAYS. THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS, or by appointment.

I

I i v

*lt -

===== 0002601_18950713_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON.

''4777.77,

66 TT 99 IN BATING'S POWDER.

"K 91 EATING'S POWDER.

'KEATING'S POWDRIt."

"K !I FATING'S POWDER.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
..,, ...'..," " •*••••4, ' •"•!', " • ! ' ~'-`,,7"\ -'•:• ~,,,.5.... • a.,,,,!...,,e....Z:-.•i_1:0...• • ' ' • • ' • '-'••••:•:',.."••':•:"k: 4,,,,,t0,71.,''';.:•'•'.•„;,•...,.''''; ~.,„.

RHR TINS.

3. 6. L. LARGER TINS. 3d. 6d. is. LARGER TINS.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Obipping Rotirto.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Rpbfpping 3potittO.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR LINE for NEvi' YORK every WEDNESDAY.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
l'elephone

===== 0002601_18950713_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Viuratton.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
AND RESTAURATEURS.

98 AND 102, BRIDCiIi STERBT,

CYCLIST CLUB, AND PICNIC PARTIES

Catered for.

LUNCHEONS, DINNERS, TEAS, &c.,

Supplied at the Restaurant.

102, BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

J. BANKS, (Late with J. and W. Dutton). GENTS' HOSIER, OUTFITTER AND UMBRELLA MAKER.

57, HORSEMARKET-STREET. OPPOSITE SCOTLAND-ROAD. WARRINGTON. UMBRELLAS RECOVEnRD AND REPAIRED.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER.

STOUT.

To be had In CASE or BOTTLES from

B. CUNNINGHAM, near WATICIN-STRERT, WARRINGTON.

Established 1885. Estimates given* W. J. SHAW, R.P.C., IND SONS' EBGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBERS, 89, DALLAM-LANB, WARRINGTON. PAINTERS, GLAZIERS. PAPERHANGERS. PLUMBING done on the simplest and most approved principles. BATHS fitted with all latest improvements from £lO and upwards BEST PRICE given for OLD LEAD.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND

CLOTHING DEpor, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GREAT SPRING SHOW.

Having completed their enormous preparations for the see. 11011. the M.C.D. beg to call attention to their leading line and Specialities, comprising a large variety of New Materia and an assortment of

STYLES NEVER BEFORE PRODUCED.

The M.C.D. Invite inspection of their High-Class Goods iij VICUNAS, SERGES, 1101SESPUNS, WORSTEDS, CtIEVIoTs, BARRIS TWEEDS. SAXONIES, VENETIANS, COVERT COATINGS In large and extremely choice Ranges, the most Fashion able Designs, Weaves,Miatures, Blends, and Colourings. '

MEN'S SUITS 18/6 MBES SUITS MEN'S SUITS 25/- MEWS SUITS MEN'S SUITS 31/6 MEN'S SUITS Latest Patterns in Scotch, Irish,West of Englana ad York shire Goods.

Plain, Check and Fancy Vicunas, Serge, and Worsteds. Stylish Tweed Overchecks, Stripes, Fancies, Mixtures. The latest productions in Tweed and Fancy Worsted Stripe Trouserings. MEN'S TROUSERS 6/6 MEN'S TROUSERS MEN'S TROUSERS 8/11 MEN'S TROUSERS 0/6 MEN'S TROUSERS 1_ , MEN'S TROUSERS

===== 0002601_18950713_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE M.C.D7SHOW

of OVERCOATINGS & COVERT COATINGS. Solid Worsted Twills, Fancy Diagonals, Pine Venetians, and super Twist Covert Coatings In the newest Fashionable Shades. WARRANTED ALL WOOL, 18s. 6n. and 225. 6D., Lined through with Italian.

The M.O.D. YOUTHS' DEPARTMENT Is extensively stocked with New Goods HIGH-CLASS. STYLISH. EASY-FITTING. YOUTHS' SUITS From Superior in cut. Trim- YOUTHS' SUITS 10/6 ming, and Wcrkman- YOUTHS' TUITS ship. EVERY SATISFACTION CI UARANTEED.

THE BOYS' DEPARTMENT At THE M.C.D. Is a Marvel For

NOVELTY, TASTE,

DESIGN. The Variety of Styles in Juvenile Clothing has never been so extensive as in tke present,Season, and the Proprietora have SPARED NO PAINS to make this Department Second to None in the Town. BOYS' SCHOOL SUITS from 2s. lID. BOYS' SAILOR SUITS from 2s. lID. BOYS' NORFOLK SUITS from is. 6D, BOYS' RUGBY SUITS from Bs. 6D. BOYS' REEFER SUITS from Bs. 6D. BOYS' ETON SUITS from lis. 6D.

BOYS' COVERT CO-US, very Stylish from 10s. tr.

All the M.C.D. Clothing is made on THEIR OWN PRP, MISES under Persoaal Supervision, and guaranteed Reliable In every respect.

The M.O.D. ORDER DEPARTMENT Contains a Selection of the Choicest Ono& nrodueed throughout the Kingdo MEN'S SUITS 295. 6D., TO MEASURE. MEN'S COATS AND VESTS 225. CD TO MEASURE. MEN'S 1 RuUSERE Bs. 6D., TO MEASURE. MEN'S COVERT COATS AND SUMMER CHES- TERFIELDS 218, TO MEASURE.

PRACTICAL CUTTING AND FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP.

FIT GUARANTEED.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 • HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ANNERS' LANE COAL Vf II ABP WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON &ND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCE HALL COLLIERIES. NEAR WIGAN.

LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine kept in stook. Wagons sent to any Rallway Static, , H arders promptly attended to. Telephone /go. 98. N.B.—Orders received also at 19L, Sankey-et.

THOMAS HAMEL

AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. GRIFFIN HOTEL, EARLESTOWN.

ROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- ;

===== 0002601_18950713_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL" CHAT.

A good story is getting into circulation about Lord Cross. It has been said that he got his seat in the Government as the Queen's adviser and favourite. This was the excuse given to an agnostic wag,who does not view with much favour any resuscitation of the remnants of the " old gang." "Yes, yes," he replied. "but you should call him Victoria Cross; and have done with it. lie has earned the distinction, and he looks con- scious of it." The description seems likely to be regarded as appropriate.

The Tied House Tenants' League, which has been slowly maturing, is now in virile activity. Its executive believes that it will play a most impor- tant part in the coming elections. Some experience was gained at Oxford, and in the Norfolk election and it is to be put to good use. The tied house tenant knows that in any system of reduction or closing he will not obtain a penny of compensation as things are, and so be fights against the Veto Bill. Promise him a prior claim to the brewer, and the case is different. To obtain promises from candi- dates is the one great aim of the League.

--- The military experts in this country will be pleased to bear that some of our cordite ammuni- tion has been ordered by Germany in order to test its merits. An impreseiou prevails already that it is better than the German smokeless powder,though it may affect the barrels of the rifles more disad- vantageously. The Chitral campaign has been of good service in proving the value of cordite, but the great unsettled problem is how it will keep. On this point the evidence is in conclusive, and I am told by an expert that the best kinds will not keep St all.

The workers in the various London constituen- cies share Lord Tweedmouth's caution about big meetings. Some of tilem purposely stayed away from the mighty gathering in the Albert Hall in order to hold small meetings in the streets, to can- vass by-streets, and to forward the work of their respective elections. The County Council cam- paign was a lesson in the over-estimation of big public meetings. The Progressives never had better meetings followed by a worse poll. The various Conservative candidates in London are doing a good deal of canvassing, and not much else, unless it be the putting in an appearance at small " smokers " in the various public-houses.

The personal relics of Lord Nelson in the posses- sion ot Viscount Bridport are announced for sale by auction. They will not, lam informed, include the papers and correspondence of the great com- mander. I hear, indeed,that steps have been taken with the object of acquiring these interesting docu- ments for the nation. Prominent members of the late Government have moved in order to avoid the dispersion of the collection. In regard to the relics, even some of these may be secured for the country, in which case Greenwich Hospital, where the coat and vest worn by Nelson at Trafalgar are preserved, would probably become their home.

As the election struggle approaches, the Union- ists are not so confident of victory as they were when, a few days ago, they were challenging the late Government to appeal to the people. Ido not hear so much now of sweeping the country and coming back with an enormous majority This cocke,uren.ss, to use an expressive term of the late Professor Huxley, was brought about,as regards the London Unionists, by the victories they achieved in the County Council elections in the beginning of the .; ear, and was fomented by the effect those victories n ad upon the Unionist members in Parlia- ment. The triumphs led to a lorresponding des- pondency in the mind of the Liberals, who had fought desperately to maintain their old supre- macy. That despondency has now been super- seded by trust in what Sir William llarcourt calls the good old cause. How the attack on the House .of Lords will be viewed by middle-class tradesmen it is impossible to forecast. The West-end section of tbem will probably vote for the Unionists,on the principle that they will support the institution • -which brings tnem business.

It is becoming evident that the Unionists are in- clined to climb down as regards Mr. Gully and the Speakership. The first note is sounded by the tact that it is agreed to be a hopeless job to contest Carlisle. The next point is that Sir Matthew White Ridley is very much in love with the Home Office he has not had any hanging business nor dyna- mite to deal with yet),and he wishes to stay there if the Unionists come into power. The third point is even more instructive. If anyone were put in -opposition to Mr. Gully for the Speakership there are certain to be in the new lionse those who would not record their votes scrsinst him. Lord Salisbury has a man in reserve tor the Speakership —Mr. J. W. Lowther—yet he does not come for- ward as such, and Mr. Stuart Wortley, another left out in the cold, would not dream of such a thing.

--- The movement which is likely to be set on foot for erecting a memorial to Professor liuxley, to be placed in the natural history collection alongside the busts of Darwin and Professor Owen, will meet with general approval both inside and outside the ranks of scientific men. I believe some men eminent in science have taken the matter in hand, and will form themselves into a small provisional -committee with the view of bringing the proposal before the public. In his controversies the Pro- fessor made no enemies, and unless the subscrip- tion is limited to a given sum the funds may flow in with an abundance which may prove embarrass- ing.

The notion that the Duke of Cambridge has been treated unfairly—forced to resign, in tact—is re- peated in the " World," but this repetition of a curious story gives it no authority. The duke had hinted at his own resignation before his resigna- tion was announced, and Sir Henry Campbell- Bannerman put no pressure on him at all. Seeinr, that the House of Commons was always wanting to know when the Rartington Report was to be •carried out, the duke spontaneously sent in his paprs. He was more afraid of Mr. A. C. Morton than the Minister of War. What has vexed his apologists is that the papers were not returned, with a request that he would go on as before—a re- quest no Government dare make.

I had a long conversation the other day with some Conservative and Liberal Unionist election agents in the North of London, and from all that I could gather from them the Liberal Unionist party, so far as they come in:o contact with it, is break- ing down—in other words, it is rapidly becoming ab,orbed by the Liberal party. As both frankly admitted the fact, and that, too, with some bitter- ness on the part of the Liberal Unionist representa- tive, and disgust on the part of the Con=ervative agent, the canker seems to have eaten rather deeply into Liberal Unionism. The vete@ of these repent- ant prodigals will accordingly be given to the Radical candidates. The reasons assigned by these returning vagrants from the Liberal fold are—firA, absolute repugnance to coalescing with the Tories; second, a growing belief that Home Rule is right after all; and thirdly, a fixed determination to refuse to support a Government opposed to dises- tablishment and the reform of the House of Lords. I have no doubt that similar experiences will have been encountered in other constituencies through- out the country. They prove that Liberal Union- ism cannot survive a course of sound Liheral legis- lation, and the fate of the party outside Mr. Chamberlain's area of personal influence in the Midlands would seem to be that the more timid will sink into Toryism and be lost, and the more staunch, who still believe in disestahlishment and Liberal develcpment, will return to the Liberal ranks. Mr. W. C. Bonnerjee, the Liberal candidate for Barrow-in-Furness, is an interesting personality. i ' He was born in India, n a suburb of Calcutta, and was called to the Bar by the Middleyemple.London, in June. 1867. lie returned to India in 1868, and practised there. His family have all been educated In this country. While in India he acted. occasion- ally as junior counsel to the Crown, and in 1878 was apPointed a Fellow of Calcutta University, and dur- ing the present year he has been practising before Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in Indian appeals. He is an advanced Radical, and is fifty-one years of age. His candidature is arousing great enthusiasm.

To lifoTitEna.—Mrs. WI" slows Soothing iyrup has been usca over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchildren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immedlitely. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces sure quiet sleep. by relieving the Child from pain, and the We cherub awakes as bright as a button." Of all herniate, la. lid. per bottle.—Add.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE BOWLING ASSOCIATION. THE AMATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP.

Much first-class trundling was witnessed at Prestwich, on Saturday, on the occasion of the sixth annual indivi- dual merit competition. The contest attracted a large concourse of spectators, and the interest of the proceed- ings were enhanced by the presence of the Marquis of Lorne and a party of friends, who partook of luncheon with the president and officers of the county association. In the course of the afternoon three past champions suc- ceeded in earning a like number of victories, but two gold medalists, who gained their honours in Yerkshire and Lancashire,dropped their colours to their adversaries for the time being. The entire of the first round (60 events) were disposed of under the guidance of the presi- dent (Meakin and Coombes), who acted as referees. Score : _

===== 0002601_18950713_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST ROUND.

F Taylor. Hindsford S Hake/salt, Chain W'ds 21 J H Baird, Whalley Hotel W H Walker, Cheetham W Fallows, Stretford .... 9 Temple Wl4 Furniss, Griffin ll 3 H Howe, Withington 2l j Codling, Griffin J J Warren, Cobden J Harrison, Hindsford... 13 W Williamson, Wit hington 21 F Knowles, C'harn, H Middleton, Timperley W'lands W H Murphy, Chain J Arnold, Jun. Timperley... 21 Temple J Hopewell, Griffin W S Peters, Griffin J. Jackman, Griffin J Whitehead, Pen II J C Dixon, Douglas ll Shoe 2l R Ratcliffe. Leigh T H Handley, Douglas 2l A Mace, Lord Nelson 2O S Peatfield, Griffin 2l J Wightman, Withington... 10 J. Holland, Harpurhey W.O. D Taylor, Tim perley J. 8 Hdysted, Cobden l4 W H Palfreyman, Crofts Bank 2l J. Johnson, Chorlton T Benson, Withington Green 2l J. Hartley, Cobden 7 R Andertou. Warrington South T Locker, Warrington J. Smith, Cheet'm Temple 19 South 2l R Edwards, Pendleton H J Rothwell, Levenshulme 9 Shoe 2l T Chambers, Cheetham 0 Walton, Tim.; erley l3 Temple P Fielding, Griffin 2l R Fairbrother, Warring- ton. South l9 H Smith. Griffin 2l 5 Sinkinson, Timnerley 18 S Isharwood. Leigh J. Reeves. Harpurhey l7 A Twiss, Stretford 2l J C Bradshaw, Douglas l3 J Williamson Newton-le- Willows C Barlow, Levenshulme ... 13 D Wright, Whalley Hotel 21 M Cotton, Hindsford 6 J 0 Howe, Withington ... 21 W Gregg, Cheetham W Campbell, Pendleton 8 Temple W Wood, Warringtm N R Robinson. Griffin W Gaskell. Leigh w.o. El Kelsall, Old Trafford... J Filton, Harpurhey ton J Howarth. Withington 2l 'SR Foy, Griffin J A.ntwils, Griffin lows 2O J. Arnold. )un., Timperiev 21 W H Murphy, Temple C Webb, Withington A Thompson, Lord Nelson 21 J Healey, Temple l7 A Chappell, Griffin 2l R Cooper. Old Trafford... 16 J Gregory, Temple 2l It Smith, Newton-le-Wil- lows l7 W Collier. Leigh 2l A M.Coy. Newton-le-Wil- lows l5 H Boyle. Withington 2l J Cade. Levenahulme ll P H S Dewhirst, Whalley II 21 T Higgins, Cobden l2 J Allison, Warrington N ... 21 J Prince, Cobden lO W Pomfret, Charlton G 21 A Riehardson, Old Traf- ford H Bannister, Chorlton G... 21 R Rothwell. Warrington N l7 HA 0 Lonsdale, H Br'ton 21 5 Barlow, Withington .1 J Ormrod, Griffin w.o. R Brunton. Newton-la- Willows absent F Lodge, C Woodlands HS ll C W Eastoe, Didsbury J Greenup, Withington ... 21 R J. Donaldson, Douglas 10 Al Clark, Griffin W Boa, Croft's Bank 2l A Johnson. Griffin W Fielding, Griffin 21 W Web..., Pendleton H S 11 A Faulkner, Croft's Bank 21 J Robert-. Levenshulme 8 J Barnet, Withingi on w.o. J Taylor. Cobden --absent J Lawrence, Withington ... 21 A 'Hodson, Cobden l5 J Hewitt, Warrington N ... 21 0 Clegg. Temple l6 H Sampson. Withington ... 21 11 L Barritt. Woodlands ). H Forshaw, Leigh; 0 Williams ; Didshiiry ; 8 Brinelow, Warrington North; and A Rogers, Pendleton f Horse Shoe. had byes. - ------

===== 0002601_18950713_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
t3IICOND ROUND.

- Ii Forshaw, Leigh 2l A Faulkner, Crofts Bank 18 J Whitehead, Pen. H. Shoe 21 G Willi.ms. Didsbury ... 19 J D Brimelosv, Warr't nN. 21 T Chambers C'th'm Temple W Wood, Warrington N ... 21 J Willi ,mson, Newton-le- Willows J 0 Howe, Withington 2l J lawrence. Withing,on 12 H Sampson. Withington P i S Dewhirst Whall'y H2l H 4, 0 Lonsdale,li Beton 12 J Greenly. Withington A J Jones. Warrington N... 21 F Taylor, Hindsford T Locker. Warrington S ... 21 3 Davidson, Pen. H Shoe 16 J Johnson, Chorlt'n Green 21 J. B met. Withington l5 F Knowlea.C'ham,Wlands 21 J Howarth. Withington l3 J Arnold. jun.. Tiroperley 21 W W Wells. Withington l9 W Gaskell. L igh Hor:e Shoe 2O W Gregg. C'tham Temple... 21 J Antwiss. Griffin 31 Clark, Griffin S leekersall, C'tham W'ds 21 T Handley, Douglas ... 18 A Thompson, Lord Nelson 21 H Bannister, Chorlton 0 7 H Boyle, Withington P Fielding, Griffin 2l W Boft, Croft's Bank W Williamson. Withington 21 W H Palfreyman, Croft's Bank l9

It Edwards, Pendleton H Shoe 2l H Smith, Griffin l4 W Pomfret, Chorlton G ... 21 J Peattle,d, G.iffdi J Isherwood. Leigh W Jackson, Northenden ... 21 W T Adshead, Wit lili,gt'n 6 J Allison, Warrington N ... 21 W Fielding, Griffin l9 JW G Coombs. Withlng'n 21 F Loige, C Woodlands l5 It Anderton, Warrington S 21 Jl4 Howe, Withington l9 J J Warren. Cobden 2l W W Walker, Cheetham Temple lB J Holland, Harpurhey Temple A Chappell, Griffin J Ile% itt, Warrington N ... 21. W Collier, Leigh

- - THIRD ROUND. 1 Coombs. Withlngton Arnold, Tim perley Sampson. Withington Jones, Warrington Thompson, lirm.‘tort Brimelow, Warrington Wood. Warn + gton 2l Gasket!, Leigh A llison, Warrington Fckersall, Cheetham Hill Anderton, Warrington 11 Howe, Withington Forshaw, Leigh 2l Whitehe .1. Pendleton ... 10 Knowles, Cheetham H;11 Johnson, Chorlton Green ... 21 Warren Whalley lB Williamson, Withington ... 21 111 Clarke, Lower lirilp I ton Chap2ell, Lower Broughton 21 Edwards, versdaton FOURTH ROUND. H Sampson, Withlngton... 18 R Anderton,Warringten S 21 F Knowles, Cheetham l6 R Williamson, Walling- ton A. Thompson, Crmston 2l 5 johnaoa, Chorlton Green J C Howe. Withington l2 AS Jones. Warrington N2l W Wood, Warrington North 21 3 Arnold, inn.. limperley 18 A Chappell, Broughton lO 3 Alison, Warrington N... 21 S Eckerson, Cheethom JW G Coonabs.Withington 21. J D Brimelow. w arring- ton North

FIFTH BOUND. Jones, Warrington North... 21 WilliAmson, Withington 19 Eckersall, Cheetham Hi 11... 21 Anderton, Warrington S 19 Allison, Warrington North 21 Wood, Warrington North 12 Coombs, Withington .........21 Thompson. Urrnston SIXTH ROUND. Anrierton,warrington South 19 Williarnqon. Withington 21 Thompson, Urtnitton l9 Wood. Warrington North 21

SEMI-FINAL. Bokereall, Cheatham 16 Coombg. u'ithington... .. 21 Alison, Warrington North. ..2t zones, Warrington North 18

FINAL. Allison,Warrington North 21 Coombs Withington l9 Order of prizes :-1. Allison ; 2, Coombs ; 3, Jones ; 4, Re- kersall ; 5 and 6. Williamson and Wood; I and 8, Thompson and Anderton.

NEWTON NURSERY Y. BURTONWOOD —Thf+ return fix- ture between these Clubs was played on Saturday at Newton, the home team gaining a majority of 105 on the two greens. Scores : NURSERY. BURTONWOOD. J Williamson W Kent T Wyatt l5 Robert Garner W Perry l5 P MArtin 6 R Davies l5 J Smallshaw 8 T Gorse, jun. J Intern 15 B Mimaek 9 Baker l5 W Houghton 1 P Clarke l5 J Swift J Davies l5 T Bellfield 7 Lightbody l4 J Cantle:B W Tesker, sea C Collier l6 T Swift A Boardman l5 J hiPliPre 8 W Smith l5 W C.ilshall lO D Davies l5 W Swig. 7 Randall 7 Bennett l5 7 Dixon

268 148 Played at Buttonwood 164 Played at Buttonwood 179 -.--- 430 325

COOLING AND 'REFRESHING are the effects of Row- land's Kalydor on the face and hands of ladies and all ex- posed to the hot sun and dolt; it prevents and removes freckles, tan, sunburn, soothes and heals mosquito and gnat stings, allays all irritation, and produces a beautiful and deli- cate complexion. ROWLAND'S RALIDOR.—OOOIS and refreshes the face and

ROWLINeg KlLYDOR.—Reinoves Redness and roughness. i ROWLAND'S KALTDoa.--Soothes and heals irritation. RoWLAND's KALYDOR.—Warranten harmless and curative. ROWLAND'S ICALYDOE.• Bottles 2s. 3d., 48. Bd., of Chemists. Avoidcheap, spurious imitations, which ruin the skin and Complexion.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
.THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, J

THE WOMEN AT HOME.

They at down to dinner—husband, wife, and three young children, all hearty, happy, and well dressed. It was seven o'clock. The meal was just on time, as meals should be.

"Aren't you tired, my dear P" said the husband, kindly. "Perhaps! might say yes if I thought about it," answered the wife; "but I really don't feel tired." And yet that woman had been on her feet, working herself, and superintending half a dozen servants, for twelve hours at least. She had a big house to look after, many callers to see and that lot of things to do which count but cannot be counted. Still, she was young, strong, and cheerful, and so didn't mind.

That is one thing and a good thing too. But the women who are entitled to credit are the ones who don't usually get it—women who do all she did, and do it under pressure—who are on time just the same and have to fight every inch of the way.

Here is one of this splendid sort. She says :"I kept up with my daily duties, but felt no pleasure in the work I had in hand." Why not ? Because she was burdened with illness, as so many are, who deserve a better fortune.

This—Mrs. Peckham, of 40, Dorset.st., London,says : "Oft and on I have suffered for twenty years from biliousness and indigestion. At first I was attacked with sickness of the stomach,frequently expectorating a gase- ous or watery fluid. I had no relish for food,and what I ate gave me pain and distress at the chest and sides. As time went on these symptoms grew worse. I became weak and nervous, and lost much sleep. I kept up with my daily duties, but felt no pleasure in the work I had in hand. I tried first one medicine and then another, taking charcoal and all the other drugs recommended for bad digestion, but nothing gave me more than tem- porary relief.

"In this way I continued to suffer year after year, sometimes better and at other times worse. In the early part of this year my brother-in-law, of South Hackney, told me of a medicine called Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. I had also heard the Syrup highly spoken of by others, which induced me to try it. I pro- cured a supply from Mr. Taylor, Chemist, Hanover- place, Regent's Park, and after having taken it for a week, felt great relief. Soon my food digested and the sickness arsd water-brash left me, and I now feel better than I have felt for years. I am desirous that other sufferers may know the valul of Mother Seigel 's Syrup, and therefore give my full permission t6O the publication of this statement. (Signed) M. E. Peckham."

Soncebody well says that it is not the way in which we meet great crises, but the way we bear the daily grind and labour of life that tells the story of courage and character. Yes, indeed. And what multitude of faith- ful patient wives and mothers do under these circum- stances where one day is like ten. They carry their aches and pains without giving up until they are weighted beyend all further endurance, and are just obliged to give up. To all these there is no friend or benefactor in England, private or public, to compare with Mother , Seigel, who suffered and toiled in the same way-10c. tors and drugs being useless—until she found a medicine to cure herself. Thank Mercy ! she did find it at last. What a blessed work it has been doing in this island for the past ten or fifteen years is the sequel to the story,and hosts of w3men know it by heart. Yes, and more are learning it with every sun that rises, from every tongue that can talk.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CELEBRITIES' PHOTOGRAPHS WHICH

SELL BEST.

BEAUTY FIRST, BRAINS NOWFIERE. . .

There is probably more comparison effected between the beauty of women than between any other things which own their original either to Nature or—let it be whispered with caution—to the efforts of the artificer. And a good deal of beauty is not merely skin deep, but of the shop-window order. Indeed, in order to measure accurately the popularity of well-known persons either as beauties or as people of brain, it is almost imperative to take a run round the shop-windows of the photograph sellers and note the folk whose counterfeit presentments are exhibited in the greatest variety. This is exactly what I have been doing (writes a representative of " Cassell's Saturday Journal,") and an interview with a busy dealer in photographs shows to a trustworthy extent the bent of the public inclination. " Let us first take the photographs of politicians," I began, " leaving heauty—no offence—on one side for the moment. Whose photograph sells best ?" " Well, I should say that Mr. Balfour' has the widest sale just now, though more photographs have been sold of Mr. Gladstone than of any other living man. Mr. Chamberlain sells well also, but the small sale of Lord Rosebery'sphotograph is accounted for by the fact that he has a rooted objection to being confronted with the camera." "Now, whose photograph sells best of all ?" "The Queen's—by far, followed closely by the Princess of Wales's. But the most popular photograph of recent years is the well-known one of the four generations— her Majesty, the Prince of Wales, the Duke of York and his infant son. More of these have been sold than of any other photographs during the past few years " It is interesting to note, by the way, that over 300,000 copies have been sold of the now somewhat ancient photograph of the Princess of Wales with the baby Princess Louise (now Duchess of Fife) on her hack. " Of course. taking professions. the stage claims the largest sale 2" "Precisely. The public prefer photcgranhs of stage celebrities to any others. But the popularity of actresses' portraits fluctuates very mush indeed. There is one actress who must have been taken in quite two hundred different attitudes, and probably hers is the most popular just now. Mitgi Ellen Terry, I should say, ranks next, and Miss Julia Neilson a good third. The shelves in some photogrann shops must really be cram- med with unsaleable stuff, for it is not generally known that many actresses call at the shops themselves with their own photographs and beg the shopkeepers to expose them to view. I have known actors to do the same thing. Occasionally the dealer makes a charge for exhibiting a photograph; and this is only business, as it is a splendid thing for an actor or actress to have his or her portrait displayed in the shop-windows." "It's a daring and fearfully sacrilegious question to ask, but over how many years does the de- mand for an actress's photograo extend 2" " Until she's married. Married actresses' photographs, for the most part, area drug in the market. It is the single

ladies who swallow up all the trade." "Taking them o•enerally, what about the portraits of actresses who are rint paragons of beauts.--that is tO Say, if such exi.t ?" " They don't sell. It is benutv that brings in the shekels—not brains. Scientists' photos very seldom "And who buys these lovely pictures ?" "Men buy the portraits of actresses generally, while as regards actors it is the other way about. The nsost popular actors' photographs are those of Mr. Irving,Mr. Beerbohm Tree as Hamlet, and Mr. George Alexander, In the order named. Last year Mr. George Alexander's probably sold best ; but, as I've told you, the popu- larity of phttographs fluctuates a great deal," ,• Is there a brisk trade in the portraits of titled ladies?" "The demand is only a trifling one, but of all titled ladies the photograph of the late Duchess of Llostnr sold the best. As regards military nun, Lord Roberts's portrait is in greatest demand."

WEEKLY ItEPOET ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 29th June, 1895. During the week, which was the 26th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington lB 12 Latchford 3 1

===== 0002601_18950713_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Total 2l

The excess of births over deaths was 8. Ti; death- rate from all causes was equal to 11-8 per I,ooo,against 147 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 18.5 the corresponding week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zyrnotic diseases was equal to Nil per 1,000, against Nil the average rate of the four ptevieus weeks, and against 31 the corresponding week of 1894. The ages of mortality were- -o_l 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-85 65 up. 2 2 1 4 3 12 1 1

13 Thedeatha included-1 from phthisis, 3 from old age, 1 from brain disease, 1 from kidney disease, 2 from lung disease, 1 from burns, 1 from contusions. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Sarlet fever, 3 eases. The total number of Patients in the hospital on June 29th was 17. Mainaotras.Y.—The mean temperature. was 64 4 Fah and therefore 127 Deg. higher than the preceding week The maximum tem prature 131 F., was recorded on the 26th inst., and the minimum temperature 51F,, on the 2851. inst.

The Rainfall measured '9B inch. The general directinn was S.W. the reading of the Anemometer denoting 1275 miles.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

Everybody wonders how the Pearson Pottery Company, Hanley, can sell 100 pieces of crockery for one guinea 'EI 18). Get a post-card at once, and send for list. A beauti- ful dinner service, a china tea service, jugs, basins, dishes dc. Everytody pleasurably surprised, All for one ulnea. If you wish to save money, write tothe PEARSON OTTERY CO., Hanley, for particulars.—Adrt

===== 0002601_18950713_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_J. -

===== 0002601_18950713_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON PARISH COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council was held at Halton on Tues- day evening. The Rev. G. D. Wray occupied the chair and there were also present, Messrs. J. Stokes, W. McCulloch, R. Hughes, J. Ackerley, H. Reynolds, J. S. Jeacock, C. Birch, S. Barrow, J. Looker and A. Woodier (clerk). The Council took into consideration the con- tracts for repointing the walls around the Cemetery, and also for painting. It was decided that the contract of Mr. William Ashley, contractor, Halton, for the pointing of the boundary wall at £l2 75., ond the contract of Mr. George Barker, plumber and painter, for painting at £9 be accepted. It was reported that four interments had taken place during the past month.—The Chairman again introduced the subject of the charities, and said the Cannon could only deal with those which belonged to the, township of Halton alone. Most of the charities belonged to the ecclesiastical parishes of Halton, Norton Clifton and Stockharn, and therefore the Halton Council could not act independently of the three places which he had mentioned. There was only one charity—the St. Thomas' charity —which was exclusively for Halton, and that had I already been banded over to the Parish Council. In appointing trustees for the charities it would be neces- sary to have one from each of the townships concerned. —Mr. Hughes asked whether there was still a balance in hand of £B7 6s. 10d. on the Stockham charity as 1 shown on the statement printed.—The Chairman said £5O of that sum had been re-invested by the Charity Commissioners. The charity used to belong entirely to Stockham for the relief of widows attending the Church of England, but as there were no persons in need of it and the money kept accumulating, he suggested that the charity should be thrown open to the poor of Halton. The Commissioners fell in with the suggestion and it was accordingly done. Since then he had given away as much as he could. He thought there was about £lO in hand.—Mr. Hughes said he hoped the Chairman would excuse him for saying It, but he was the first parson in his (Mr. Hughes') experience that did not know what to do withlmoney. (Laughter.) The Chairman said if Mr. Hughes would hand him ever £lOO it should not be lost for want of spending. (Laughter.)—Mr. Hughes said he never came across a parson who could get enough. (Renewed laughter.)—Mr. Jeacock said it would be better to have the matter mentioned to the other Councils concerned so that they might get the matter settled.—Mr. Hughes proposed that a committee consisting of the Chairman, Mr.Reynolds,and Mr. Looker be appointed to confer with the Clifton, Norton and Stockham Councils.—Mr. Ackerley seconded the proposi- tion which was carried.—This concluded the business.

I pal

===== 0002601_18950713_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO DR. REGINALD SMITH, MB.

DISTRIBUTION OF AMBULANCE MEDALS AND

CERTIFICATES.

On Tuesday evening week the members of the Warring- ton Y.M.C.A.Ambulance Classassembled to receive their medals and certificates of merit Mr.S.B.Stringer occu- pied the chair, and after a few introductory remarks, Mr. H. Stewart, the general secretary of the Associa- tion, announced with much regret the absence, through a slight illness, of Mr. F. S. Buzza, the honorary secre- tary of the class. Apologies were also read from Messrs T. H. Hardy, ambulance brigade secretary, and H. T. Williams. A very short but effective musical programme was arranged with Mr. Padmore (organist, St. Ann's Church), presiding at the piano. Mr. W. Woods rendered the solos, "Anchored," and "The Village Blacksmith," in good style, after which the Chairman called upon Dr. Reginald Smith to present the medals and certificates to the successful candidates. Dr. Smith took the oppor- tunity of paying a warm tribute to Mr. F. S. Buzza, ' whose work as secretary of the class since its inception has been markPd with untiring zeal and thoroughness. The follewing gentlemen were then awarded third year bronze medals: F. S. Buzza, A. G. Gartland, H. T. Williams, Joseph Taylor, and J. B. Doncaster; certifi- cates: J. J. Armstrong, W. Clegg, J. Keenan, A Monn- field, R Newcomb, W. Richards. The Chairman briefly alluded to the value of a little practical knowledge of ambulance work, and stated that his own connection with the class a few years ago had given him some hints which had enabled him to render very helpful assistance to a person whose life was in danger after having been rescued from drowning.

The CHAIRMAN then expressed the hope that Dr. Reginald Smith would add to the well earned fame which his esteemed father and grand father had merited in the medical profession—(applause)—and trusted that, as the son and grandson of gentlemen who had rendered honourable service to the town he would follow in their footsteps and maintain the family reputation as a skil- ful medical practitioner in Warrington. He (the Chair- man) felt mulh honoured when invited to perform the pleasant duty of making the presentation which the members of the class had asked him to do. and on their behalf would ask Dr. Reginald Smith to accept the walking stick which had been selected as a very small token of their appreciation of his valuable services as honorary instructor. Dr. SMITH on rising to re- ply, was warmly received, and in a brief hut appreciative manner stated that he was thoroughly convinced, judeine- tw the valuable and handsomely engraved walking stick just presented to him, his ser- vices must have been valued accordingly. He had I great pleasure in nentVinz the present and ,ished the Y.M.O A. Ambulance Class much success. (Apnlause ) —Mr. Mills,the Treasurer of the Warrinoton Ambula nee Brigade spoke a few worls of encouritrement to thP memhers,especially emphasizing, the necessity of' keep;ng up their knowledge by joisins- in the regular practices , conducted by the Brigade.—Mr. Ireland then rendered s very pleasing solo for which he was encored. A few further remarks from the Chairman, and the usual votes of thanks brought the meeting to a close. The examination took place on April 4th and was con- ducted by Dr A.Chad wick, of Heaton Chapel, Stockport.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH".

THR PAROCHIAL COMMITTEF'..—A meeting of the Apple- ton Parochial Committee was held at the London Bridge Inn, Stockton Heath, on the sth inst. Mr. Joseph Knowles occupied the chair, and there were also present Messrs. J. Whitlow. Richardson, Pearson, Davenport, Ashton Hayes, Eves, Hugh Darbyshire, Copnock, Ffampson, and Farriogh.m (nuisance inspector), Swin ton (surveyor). and J. Ashton (clerk). A letter was read from the Manchester Ship Canal Company with re- ference to the complaint that the swing bridge at Stockton Heath was kept open on the 28th ultimo much over the prescriherl time of 13 minutes It is stated that on the occasion in question the bride was kept open for 19 minutes and that the delay was quite un- avoidable as would he seen from the report of the bridge- master. The lrAshowed that with the exception of the instance to which the committee referred,the bridge was only open once for more than five or six minutes for the passas.,e ef vessels. Every care was taken at all the swing bridges to prevent delay to the public or any other canes of complaint.—Mr. Pearson called attentien to the fact that the bridg.r, Was open on the morning of the 26'h of June from 7.5 to 7.25 —lt was resolved on the motion of Mr.Richardsnra.seenneled by Mr. Davenport that this he pointed out of the Manchester Ship Canal Co., and that they he served with a final warning the,' if the bridge was again kept open longer than the pre- scribed time. proceedings would be instituted.—A letter from Mr. Twisa was read stating that a nuisance existed at the Old Quay Canal at Twenty Step Bridge —lt was resolved that a cony of the letter he forwarded to the Mancheste.Ship Canal Co., and they be 'informed that unless something was done to remedy the nuisance com- plained of there would be no alternative hut to irs'ituate proceedings—Mr. Cnnpnck gave notice that at the next meeting of the committee he would bring up the ques- tion of the fair ground--The minutes were confirmed at the -meeting of the Runcorn Rural Council on Tuesday. PRP.SENTATTON TO THE ORGANIST AT ST. THOMAS' presentation,in the form nf a purse contain- ing 50 guineas, was made on Tuesday evening to Mr, W. James, schoolmaster and organist of St. Thomas' Church and Schools,who is leaving the district owing to ill-health. Mr. William Richardson occupied the chair, and was sunnorted on the platform by Messrs. W. B. Roberts. T J. Down. Butterworth, Pearson. A. Down, Shaw, Tim- perlev, and Devonport. The Chairman read letters of apology for non-attendance from Mr. Logan Wright, Mr Robert Davies. the Vicar, and the Rev. T. Rnlfe, late curate in-charge of the parish. Mr. T. J Down, man- ager of St. Thomas' Schnols, in making the presentation spoke in eulneistin terms of the manner in which Mr James had carried nut his work in the schools far the past eight. rears, the schools having received the hiebest grant each year. They were losing a iinr.l and true friend, and he gave Mr. James his utmost hearty thanks for his services. Addresses were given by other rentic- men, at the conclusion r,f which Mr. James resnooded, and thanked those present for their many kindnesses to him while he had been amongst them. The presas,r, was teachers and and children ytheraholf" thePr schgeeonocsr.lllYt including the

"DISFIGURED FOR LIFE" is the desnairing cry of thousands Alicted with unsightly skin diseases. D, von realize what this disfialwation means to sensitive souls ? It means isolation, ssclusion. It. is a bar to snrial and business succeSS. Do mu wonder thst despair SeiZ.S upon these sufferers when doctors fail,standard remedies fail, and nostrums prove worse than useless ? Skin rgs- oases are most obstinate to cure or even relieve. It is am easy matter to claim to cure them, but quite another thing tn do so. rOTICURA remedies have earned the right to he called Skin Specifies, because for years they have met with most remarkable eueness. There are CAPPS they cannot cure, hut they are few indeed. It is no long-drawn-nut. expensive Experiment. One F h ill i invested in CIITICORA SOAP will prove more convincing than a nage of advertisement. In short, CUTIrIMA Vs ORKS WONDERS, and its cures of tort urine disfigur- ing, humiliating skin diseases are simply marvellou..

From the top of the Cathedral spire in Mexico you can see the entire citv, and the most striking feature of the view is the absence of chitneys. There is not a chirnn‘v in all Mexico,not a grate, nor a stove, nor a furnace. All the cooking is done with charcoal in Dutah ovens.

,Y 13. 1895.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
GLENALPINE'S OATH;

OR, THE MARK OF THE BLACK CROSS.

-- B Y BYLVANIIS COBB, JB.

This is a story of love and war, and is full of adventures in the Highlands of Scotland, on the sea, and in the jungles of India. It is intensely interesting from the first to the last.

Lionel Talford, and all his energies were bent upon Increasing the pile of gold and bank-notes which had already grown to a goodly size beneath hi dexterous manipulations. At first he had played with seeming honesty; but as he added more and more fuel to the liquid fire that heated his blood he became reckless any daring, and his winning- hands were marvellous to behold. _ _

Arthur Berwick had fallen once again under the dominion of his direst curse. For winning money he cared nothing. He played simply for the ex- citement of the thing, and played deeply only when his senses were overcome by liquor. His brain was of that exceedingly sensitive texture which, while strong and well-balanced in its nor- mal state, becomes a pool of fire under the influence of unhealthy stimulant. To a certain limit he could indulge without visible effect, but when once the temptation of the occasion had led him beyond that limit he was like a ship without a rudder. The only bound to his debauch after the line of safety had been passed was his ability to stand and swallow. There was one peculiarity in his temperament which rendered it exceedingly unsafe for him to venture upon excess in the use of liquor. His reason was wont to desert him long before his companions found occasion to mis- trust it. Plans and impressions fixed in his mind might go on developing themselves through a power of instinct which nothing short of sheer coma could overcome; but the mental work was not of his own sanity, and when the fit was passed and reason dawned again, the season of his debauch was to him an utter blank upon the events of which his memory had no hold. Arthur had taken his seat at the table with the impression that Talford intended to cheat if he could, and he meant to watch him. At length he began to lose rapidly and the lieutenant began to win. The two captains played carefully, as did Harold; but Arthur was in for the excitement, and he made up his hand at every deal. He drank deeply and watched the play with unsteady eyes. He was growing drunk very fast. At length he detected 'Pafford in the act of secreting the pant. Talford had held a "pain-flush," and had swept the board; and it was Arthur's next deal. When he gathered up the cards he observed that the lieutenant only gave him four, having retained the fifth.

"Where is the pam?" demanded Arthur, as he turned over the four cards and found the Jack of Clubs missing. "I guess it's in the pack somewhere," replied Talford, quietly. "No, sir; it's not in the pack. You've got it." Talford moved back his chair and the missing card dropped from his lap to the floor. He stooped and picked it up, and as he handed it back he said, laughingly: "Excuse me; it was an awkward blunder." "Awkward for you," retorted Arthur, "since it exposed your trickery." " Trickery ? " repeated Telford, flushing. "I said TRICKERY, sir." "Mr. Berwick, do you accuse me of having intended to cheat ?" "Not exactly of having intended the thing," replied Arthur, bluntly, "bet you have been cheat- ing all along." "Arthur Berwick, if you say that I have cheated you say that which is false." Capt. Lundie would have interfered at this point, but he was too late. Arthur's next words were already out: "And you, Lionel Talford, if you say I speak falsely you LIE ! " Talford's face changed from red to write, but he restrained himself. "I said that you spoke falsely if you said I had cheated."

"And I," cried Arthur, in the heat of his insane passion, his brain aflame with the fire of the cup, say that you are a cheat and a liar both ! You have cheated repeatedly end now you lie to hide "Bah ! you are a crazy fool. If you were sober you would not say so." Arthur was verging towards sobriety very fast, but there was much fire yet to be extinguished. • "Do you mean to say that I am drunk ? " he demanded, with deepest indignation. "Drunk as a fool " returned Talford, con- temptuously. " Don't be alarmed, gentlemen," said Harold, aside to the two captains; "there is no danger of Arthur's venturing into a personal conflict. He is not bold enough for that." Arthur heard this, as the speaker had meant he should hear it, and with no thought of conse- quences—with only passion in his soul—he sprang over the table and caught Talford by the throat. The lieutenant was as a child in the grasp of the stalwart, muscular youth, and, with a vain effort to maintain himself, he was borne back against one of the pillars. " You cheated ! you lied ! and now you call me a fool !" howled Arthur. And as the culminating act of his madness he struck Talford in the face. He did not strike him with his fist, but with his open palm upon the cheek. With this act the unfortunate young man seemed to have expended his insane wrath, for he quickly started back, as though ashamed of what he had done. "In Heaven's name, gentlemen," cried Harold, with well-affected horror, "let us stop this work where it is ! We must stop it for the present. Captain Lundie—Captain Bashaw—will you care for Talford? I will look to the other." Talford, smarting under the blow he had received, as well as under the opprobrious epithets which had been cast upon him, had no disposition to appeal to brute force for redress, nor had he a thought of settling the matter in any way upon the spot; so he offered no resistance when his friends took him by the arms. He had received the assurance from Harold, in a whisper, that he should have ample opportunity for satisfaction, and he was content to be led from the room. "My dear brother," said Harold, when they were left alone, "I am sorry for this. But you had better retire now." Arthur, who had been leaning against a pillar, looked up with a bewildered stare, and pressed his hand upon his brow. "Harold, is this you ?"

" Yea." "Where is—is —Talford ?" "He is gone." "Did I strike him ?" "Yes, Arthur, you struck him. But let us not talk of it now. We will think it over in the mcrning." "Did he strike me ?"

"My dear boy, I cannot tell you now what he did. Let us say no more about it to night. You are not in a mood to think freely, nor to under- stand clearly. Wouldn't a drop of brandy do you good?" "Yes, yes, Harold let me have some brandy. I feel badly." He drank half a tumbler of brandy as he would have drank so much water, and then turned away. Lie took a few steps, and then stopped. "Look you, old fellow, you'll tell me about this in the morning ?" "Yes."

"All right. The brandy had for the moment revived hie crushed spirits, but he stopped for no further remark. He made his way, with uncertain steps, to his own chamber, where, ere long, his senses were locked in lethargic slumber. Lady Birchmear had not yet retired. Her son found her awaiting his report. " Your face tells me," she said, as soon as he had closed the door of her boudoir, and had turned towards her, "that you have gained a point in the game." " You shall hear.

They sat down, and Harold related the incidents which had transpired in the old apartment of the donjon. Her ladyship listened attentively and with deep interest. " You mean," she said, after a little reflection. "that a duel shall grow out from this " "Something like a duel my mother." "And do you mean that Arthur shall be shot ? " Harold did not reply. He was engaged with his own thoughts. "Will they not fight?" asked the lady. 1I hope so." "You do not think Arthur would shrink—"

_ Pshaw ! He would shrink from nothing. If there comes a hitch, it mtrt be on the other side. Talford's companions may try to prevent his fight- ing with a member of the family whose hospitali- ties they have accepted. But I hope to bring it about, nevertheless. I think you may set it down that there will be a meeting to-morrow. And now, my mother, I want you to help me to anticipate the result. You have keys to Sir John's private cabinet ?" 4 4 yes..

"Will you get me two thousand pounds there- from ?"

"Two thousand pounds?" "It will find its way to Arthur's pocket book." Lady Birchmear understood perfectly well. She arose, and took a candle and left the room, and was gone some time. When she returned she was con- siderably agitated. and sank into a seat like one

•

===== 0002601_18950713_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
CaArTER rzz.

THE CARD-TABLE. The day of the party arrived and passed. The weather was delightful, the attendance was large, and - the whole thing was voted unanimously a perfect success. My Lady Birchmear was atten- tive to the comfort of her guests, but she did not once forget her husband. When Lord Oxnard asked her to dance with him, she declared that she would dance with no one until she had first danced with her husband; and that, furthermore, she would only dance when he danced. So Lord Oxnard joined my lady in beseiging the baronet, and at length he led his wife out for the dance. What a clapping and a cheering there was when Sir John went tripping over the velvety turf. His wife whispered to the blooming matrons and maidens of the party to help her in her work, and they lent their help to a purpose. My lady kept her promise not to dance save when her husband danced, and yet she danced very often. But after dinner Sir John was quiet. Major Thorpe was with him, and they talked of the old scenes in India over their wine. And other choice spirits were there—peers and gentlemen —who joined heartily in the enjoyment of the occasion. By ten o'clock most of the guests had departed, only those remaining who were to spend the night. Sir John had bade Lord and Lady Oxnard adieu—had seen the last carriage depart—and had then joined Major Thorpe over a fresh bottle of wine. Meantime Harold Berwick had improvised an entertainment of his own in one of the apartments of the old donjon' where he had assembled Arthur and three officers from Sandsport. Of these officers the youngest first deserves our notice. He was Lieutenant Lionel Talford, a young man of four- and-twenty, slight but strongly built, with a handsome face, and a keen grey eye. He was a daring, reckless fellow, thrown early into corrupt- ing associations, and now, in his early manhood, acknowledged as the most accomplished gamester of his mess. Naturally Talford had a warm and impulsive heart, but those impulses had been so long bent in a wrong direction that the very instincts of his nature, which might have made him a good companion, were now only developed In danger and evil to those who associated with him. And this man Harold had brought to Birchmear for a purpose. The other officers were Captain Bashaw and Captain Lundie, two men who had the reputation of being brave soldiers, but who were far more fond of wine and cards than of the book of tactics. It will be understood that the party had arisen from the dinner-table well filled with wine, so that they were ripe for sport when they entered the old donjon. The apartment into which they had been ushered was a large, vaulted room, the roof supported by atone pillars, and the only windows being such narrow loopholes as were wont to be made In the walls of embattled towers. Upon the walls of the apartment, and upon the pillars, were hung arms, offensive and detensive, of all kinds, and of many different periods; and as the great hanging lamps had been newly filled and trimmed, casting from their globes of coloured glass a rich glare upon the quaintly burdened walls, the place bore an aspect peculiarly suited to the tastes and whims of the guests. While the two captains, guided by Arthur, went into ecstasies over the grand old arms and armour of bygone times, Harold led Lionel Talford apart for a private conference. "Hark you," said Talford, whom large quantities of wine had rendered particularly self-important, but who was yet willing to serve a friend. " I'll do anything in reason. To tell you the truth, Berwick, I like the fellow. He 's got a grand, big heart inside his jacket." "And yet, Talford, he is one of the most self- sufficient and overweening men you ever met." " Egad 1 I haven't seen it." "Because he has only shown you the fair side. But it is only for sport. I simply wish to give him a lesson. We won't harm him. But you shall see his temper before you are through with him." "All right, old boy. lam your guest, and will hold myself under orders. If, as you say, the lad is self-sufficient, we must take him down a peg; and if he is inclined to show his temper over a social game of cards, we 'll try what stuff he has at the bottom of it. We 'll have some sport out of It, if nothing more." "Only sport, Talford ; though I want the lesson to be a severe one—such an one :Ls he will remember. And, mark you: If he is going into the army it will do him good." " Zouncis !" muttered Talford to himself, aftet Harold had turned away. "I don't half like this. Berwicu wants to fasten a quarrel upon the young fellow, and he would throw me into the breach. I'd rather it wer himself I was to engage. Con- found him! I think he 's a coward. But he is treating me like a prince, and I must not fail him." ' - .

Meantime Harold sought an opportunity to draw Arthur aside. During the day he had been very kind and attentive to his youthful step-brother; so much so that the latter had really imagined that for once the heart of his rival had become softened by the warmth of sociality. Never disposed to find evil where he could possibly find good, Arthur was so far from possessing a suspicious nature that he preferred not to suspect, particularly where suspicions could only bring clouds and unrest. On the present occasion he fully believed that Harold was aiming to pass the time away as pleasantly as possible, and he meant to do his share towards the same end. The wine he had already drunk had so warmed and opened his heart that he was ready for anything that might afford gleeful entertainment a heart warmed and opened, but with its Impulses of reason stolen away; warmed to a degree that gave it up to the molding influences of whatever passion might besiege it, and open to the incoming of friend and foe alike. When wine warms and opens a heart like unto that heart, it first overcomes and sets aside the sober sentinel which stands guard at the portals of sense and reflection, and which holds the citadel of manhood against evil. "Arthur," whispered the plotter, "before we sit down to our cards I want to give you a word of caution. Lieutenant Talford is, as you can see, a glorious fellow in true sport, but he has the reputation of being entirely unscrupulous at cards. If we are to call things by their right names, I should say that he is inclined to cheat when he can get an opportunity. So be careful how you play against him." "I'll look out for him, never fear," returned Arthur, confidently. "But don't anger him," whispered Harold. He is dangerous. He might do you harm.' Arthur straightened up with indignation. "Do ME harm !" he said. "By the Lordllarry he had better try it." "Keep on the safe side, Arthur. Watch him narrowly, and if you find him cheating, give him a gentle hint. You had better not anger him, for he makes his boast that no man can do that with impunity. And one thing more," Harold added, as the youth was about to speak impulsively, "you must remember that Talford is a soldier who has seen service, and who knows nothing of fear. You would be no match for him." Arthur was too deeply indignant to hear more. With an oath he whirled upon his heel, and strode away to where the two captains were standing by one of the pillars examining a full suit of armour which a noble knight of Birchmear had worn at Agincourt. Harold smiled and shook his head. He saw that his game was working. All that remained for him to do was to ply the liquor and let things take their course. A servant brought in rum and brandy and lemons, and Harold with his own hands brewed a strong punch. Arthur drank with Capt. Bashaw, and then with Capt. Lundie. Then Talford claimed the privilege of touching his glass. And before the bout was finished Harold demanded to drink with his brother. A second bowl of the strong decoction was brewed, and set in the middle of the card-table, after which the party sat down to their game. As there were five players the game selected was fipam-Zoo," with "five shillings for deal," and " ten shillings for loo." The game went on with much sport and laugh- ter, while the punch-bowl was emptied and re- plenished more than once. There were two of the party, however, who did not join so heartily in the laugh and 5 that companions. The demon of the ttble had seized noon

===== 0002601_18950713_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Who had been frightened. " Did you find the money ?" asked Harold. "Y'S. Here it is. And she held out a bundle of banknotes, most of which were new and crisp. " You are excited, mother. Did you have trod- ble ? " I "I don't know, Harold. I hope not." "You have been startled?" notes, I heard a strange sound. I While I was at the cabinet, counting out the " thought there , was some one in the room—and I droppel, the money upon the floor. But I heard no more. "It was your imagination, mother—nothing more." "That was all, I think," said her ladysbilh gradually recovering herself. "But you have the money.' " Yes ; and I have a very good use for it. YL'e shall hear a prosperous report to-morrowl . v",„ your part, further, I only ask that you wil rteel Sir John and the major engaged as long breakfast as you can." de his !SY. When Harold left his mother he ma ' to the chamber of Arthur, which he entered witn sleveP out difficulty. The occupant was sleeping s so profound that a thunderbolt could not ha. 0 disturbed him, and the cat-like trea truder impressed him not. Harold set his clef. poc t''o down upon the floor, and found Arthur's book, and then kneeling down to the light/ •;j'e drew forth the package of bank-notes sellicusa4 h had received from his mother. One thoa, pounds he counted out and placed within onelci , the compartments of his step-brother's book, sue, for i i his is done,ow n he re use. the other thousand pounds e put carefully sei pi.' stolireedwtahee clothing above shuchbd . otti ot.iing as e it ,an m d then noiselessly slipped from the room. . io Ws , And the sleeper slept on, little dreaming. theo oblivious lethargy, of the malignant ellitits ' wets pldtting his ruin. iadeel 1 (To be continued). . . HE who, when called upon to sp ak a able truth, tells it boldly and has donell„ lo bolder and milder than he who nibbles-- voice, and never ceases nibbling.—La"'' 007' NOTHING good bursts forth all at el'e2ll,B dal , lightning may dart out of a black cloud, hue -repere sends his bright heralds before him„r; ' " the world for his coming.—Archdeacon herb HEAVEN be their resource who have no °‘',,l,oh, I the charity of the world, the stock cd "4'll- est fear, is in no way sufficient for the 1115e„,Y,.,,,e' claims which are hourly made upon it. --°`e' "hu. ity HEADACHES, restlessness, irritabilitY, -noy to fix attention, are the finger posts which ue,T, of point to the commencement of the sYl°ol—,, ed ill overwork; their warning should be time. 0011 THERF. is an artesian well in Paris which bee- „t tbe two thousand feet deep, four feet in diametert,T dis• top and two feet at the bottom, and 'f " stet charges upwards of 5,000,000 of cubic feet o ! , every twenty-four hours. Ole ' NOTHING S MOTO silly than the p Ileasure. N people take in "speaking their minds. ' 2el/.7)ere this make will say a rude thing, for the ibbr, pleasure of saying it, when an opposite bess,v4eod, full as innccent, might have preservedor made his fortune.—Steele. ea UV W lIF.N any tendency to squinting is nloerirbiog a child, cut a very small piece of roulla id plaster am: attach it to the skin on the otheetwet of the eye, but not too near, and it will soot' ebeese• the child's attention, and correct, in 100 Oda the tendency to look too much on the other or No time should be lost ' • this sirePlo. m trying ventive. ae t'le her " TwEsmr-five,years ago my teac 11 wet study surveying,' said a man who had late It hat his property, "and now I am glad of it'urc " helped me to a good situation and high ti, ABELAIS says: "The attorneys are le to lawyers what the apothecaries are ,physicians, only they do not deal in scroPles' of ADVICE GRATIS.—" Why," asked a isuYsfel old judge, "cannot a woman become a On, bola lawyer, I should like to know ? " " BeeslieeLisie jll the judge, "she's to fond of giving her -* _,.. without pay." on feu` THE WORKS OF AN ENGLISH MINISTER. in a windows i wind n succession on the ground ii°°r ed stopp 11 , ,use in one of the London squares being e ono up to avoid Pitt's window tax, in 170/ soul ,be - chalked on the bricks which denoted where, , windows had been, "Pitt's Works, vol. i., Tel' , tol. Hi.. vol. iv." -

===== 0002601_18950713_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_..1•I•

===== 0002601_18950713_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
--

WY C LIFFE RA LL. t)ITRUSEASTIC RECEPTION OF THE CANDIDATE. SPEECHES BY PETtCIVAL B. SCOTT, R. WM. PIERPOINT. LP., MIL ARTHUR H. CROSFIELD, A. G. SYMONDS, MA., "V. W. H. DRUMMOND, MR. HENRY ROBERTS, LP.

kr n r ^-•cottls •candidature was enthusiastically en- filed at a great Liberal meeting held in W veldts °II Monday evening. There have wbeen meany s ibr and enthusiastic gatherings held in y atten'a but never one that was better kon-d:ed or „more enthusiastic than that of Itirt f'Y evening. The Hall was crowded in every the a COnaiderable time before the opening of -"'eeting, and Mr. Scott was accompanied by a 4.6 Platform of supporters. The chair was oc- tile led bY Councillor William Pierpointi, J.P., anti lie were also on the platform the candidate (Mr. ,Ktl)satiNdSaCrri°ot•nt_a).l Mr. A G Symonds, M.A. (secretary of Rev. W. H. Drum- ;for.m Union). the • . pi 404 ,:-ouncillor Roberts,J.P.,Councillor limp- ka' "eBBlll. A. H . Crosfield. T. Birchall, j.P..J. W. r7O ard' Jackson Holmes, W. Roberts, F. Leberta, M. 4., L.L.8., J. Clayton (Liberal agent), dahaUgland, D. Tinnion, W. Cross, T. B. Kiernan, J. kaiV,.•ll Thornton, B. Plinston, J. Monnfield, T. W Croskill, W. Gleave, W. A. Allen, etc. la. id (T.4/flames who was received with loud applause Itiehtt. lit of all will read to you two letters from good 1104 5;.,01 ours. The first is from Mr. K t Fleming who as , hl-r,'"blY been called away from home and theref i ore " Written the letter which I will read to you. ,I4RhiLa'r Sir,-4 am very sorry I cannot he with you to. a, go a business engagement, entered into s time m oft ootland where lam going this afternoon, Cannot .the;'"ll. 'I may say I am thoroughly satisfied with DeoeVlaidate chosen and heartily in unison with the kattline put before us, and will do all in my power elloc-e°Mote his candidature, and wishing you a very I,ati ......818f11, meeting, I am, yours very truly, J. H. Irtnat- (4o.ol_aeope to lo; with you on Wednesday forenoon. _The .) Other letter is from the Rev. John Yonge. (Ap• ' heae)„ very much regret that an important en-1 1410;-ellt in London on Monday will preclude me from Itlio"„a• the meeting in Wycliffe Hall. If! could have owihlaulhed this engagement I would have done so, but Niing t.° PPecial circumstances I find myself unable to 4b4,- "oln it. Please apologise for my unwilling iNi,,-„ce and assure the meeting of my best wiisties for of this cnntebt. It seems to me that the 141, itfr.44l,/arty in Warrington is under a great obligation elaiu-Looott for couragrousiy coming forward—(ap- In the •very last hour to fight our battle. It is ItEttm- "oPed that every individual will rally round the 110(114N to make the best possible fight. Let there he .0811:115i005 and no disaffection and no lukewarm ncss, tflfty astenith the people yet in the end. (Firer, IZ• aPPlatige,) I hope to be able to he of Fe,nifi on another (lay, although save by this letter, 34:4111vvrif no more use on Monday.—Faithfully yours. 4 01.70 E." If tl7°ll't detain you very long. All I can say akiet'a--that we are in for a fight, and I hope . (tiotkia with the approval of the gentlemen before me. th;ll,,.PPlaiiise.) It does not meet with the approval • - +Cry Party because they say that we have ler,. hatter until such a late hour that it savour,: ver Ptase ni Political ingratitude in putting them to the ex- aliarn °T the contest. (Laughter.) Well, gentlemen,to rn that the Liberal party of Warrington has a rigl ~..Baage its own affairs in its own way, and I take • . lattii:lBb Os on this platform to do what we can t• 10a, ;he candidature of Mr. Scott who is now tiefor • .79s jrPlause.) Mr. Scott, as the Rev. John Yore, ,"uata; °ill letter, has undoubtedly shown very great. Iltchk`rie indeed in taking upon himself ti• Ole fiebt of the next few days, and I thv,i- that Mr Scott has fully made up that even in the event of our being beat-n,h- -"Otf;;E.tlnined--I will not say he is going to taire warrington--but he is determined to still r, - I.IM eandidate—(hear, hear, and loud apftiqu'e)-- igato-'2° on fighting from time to time until we d • „--'1" Tory friends that Warrington is after all "h `as I:..•'a said it is—a Liberal borough. (Applause.) 0 Nt,• )ecksiota our Tory friends took very great e, •11403 to Dr. Houston on account of his nationalit• . he" ri) They could take no exception r•• hi i tO: lanplause.) Now, on this occasion in ord -r t • pave:Tit the hyper-sensitiveness of our Tory friend,, 't4litlltii:2 Present to you Mr. Scott, who is no• only tat 7‘an hut a Lancashire man bred and iv‘r. r,T4e- Mr. Scott is also a member of the Chtp-3 • ),414,40tid. (Rear hear.) He is DO better for the 'tietZ"tte. and hearr, hear)—and )—and he i 9 no worse re- h. 141 tra' Ilheavil The Tory party do twit us. or, I rib!' t %Ma us that there are few Churchmen in Warr et- -111;tt atylve the courage of their opinions in t?lcin thilks.`reril politics. (Hear, hear.) I should I. 1" Lhis battle resolves itself into a very Am,," tn." ;ilp-,Z "le one hand you have Toryism fiehtioq f"r on the other hand you have Liberalism fichi • kNk. Lne grester good of the great( r number. (Fl ar e,4l3oti;V:PPlause.) I now have pleasure inch!in 'at al„`•Scott to address you, and I should like Z rn.Seatt has, unfortunately Fist recovers i rr,rl 9athtre illness' and I have to ask you to extpn3 t, tindly cohsideratioa,which Warrington Ile mir (Lai tia-la ready to extend to anybody who c.,m e h. ern' on account his delicate state of h"ah' 4 kt. 4,415095.)C .48,Ntu.!OTT. who was received with loud and Conr•., ,f°ir4 the wholo audience also joining in the r t ana 8 a HIS good fellow,"said: I have to that, ()oil from the bottom of my heart, for them •o, ft.tell' v You have e given toln doing so. I e :'„ proud toe. ld to stand here tonight as candila. la4tiolp-'atnaPi(% for the Liberal cause at the Oils lir I a toid"w so close at hand. (Applause ) Iha; t:Ty D that as far as Warrington is conerrne,, t tAlbfireaellitltA,lY R,!ern to think that never again w ,it_y thve "1" a Liberal member. (No, no). .9' tiy,' You 'N.,(.Hear. hear, and applause.) I do not he 81-Alfer .ve it (hear, hear), and whatever lies i• 'zing this issue to a successful one, you.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JULY 131

THE LIBEFUL CkNDIDATE

FOR WARRINGTON.

At . Eitttu "2"tiniz of the Liberal General Council on pall 114 night, Mr. Percival B. Scott, Woodville, v?'altleld, Manchester, was unanimously adopted tbeaca Liberal candidate to contest Warrington at • te Z n. ing electio The address of the candidate TL_ E'lectors was issued the same night. born Liberal candidate Mr. Percival, B. Scott, was Ifni:1:111867, and is therefore 28 years of age. lie of Mr. Thomas Bell Scott, of Manchester, -"lob city he was born. Mr. Scott's Ltor, eas is with Messrs. !John Satterfield and Co., which firm of wholesale and retail drapers, tlintee"ee'Pr9 he is a director. The old and -Aflr't the firm was Messrs. Oliver erie3', a title as well-known as the %1113 -7 One. Mr. Scott is also a churchwarden of . '1::•• Anne's and St. Mary's parishes, Manchester, ere , is no other public office which he holds, •.Of an6u nope and trust are not wanting that the end 441 oirber seven (lays may see him in possession of tybi,.„ee of great influence and not previously held „ Though he has not hitherto contested any In the Liberal interest, Mr. Scott has been •op YeaBor asked to stand for the Isle of Wight and tle1: Sir Richard ‘Vehster. This honour he OVentln„ed• Mr. Scott was last year president. of the 'or (Isle of Wight) Liberal Association. (41itA„, 1- LIBERAL MEETING IN

may be sure you will have. (Applause.) But in a very nub larger ineseure, it rests with you. (Hear, hear.) 'peaking is all very well in its way, but that will not sein this elecetton nor any other. You must go out and eork, not only yourselves, but you must get others to ssist you., and to judge from the number I flee hereeand he enthusiasm with which you have received me, I have very tittle doubt as to what the result will be. (Loud pplause.) I have one word to say ; I would ask you all 0 let this contest be fought in such a manner, that whatever the issue may be, our opponents will not be able 'to say we have done anything which is not above board, and we have not extended the courtesy which is due from one party to another. (Applause.) Gentle- men, I know my opponent is, what I hope lam my- . sell—a gentleman first, and a politician afterwards (loud applause.) I wish to speak to you for a few moments on why we are here tonight. As you are aware, the Govern- ment were defeated by a majority of seven on a paltry issue, after Mr. Campbell Bannerman—now Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman—had announced to the House of Commons that H.R.H. the Duke of Cambridge would renounce the commmandership of the British army—after I say, announcing that no longer will we hare to pay the large stipend which he has enjoyed so long,but that we shall have at the head of the ermy a man of experience—practical experience—and knowledge of affairs which would command respect— after announcing this, the Government was defeated— defeated because Sir H. Campbell Bannerman refused to make public the secrets of the army which could only benefit the enemies of our country. (Shame.) Gentle- men, the War minister was one of the most popular, if not the most popular minister of modern times,— (epplause)—and in consequence of that defeat, you havenow a Government, which (venture to say is (" a body of traitore,")anything but in accordance with your views. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, what is the Govern- ment .? ("Turn coats," and laughter.) They say it is a Liberal 'Unionist Government. It is nothing of the kind. It it a coalition Government, of which the late Lord Beaconsfield said" England does not love coali- tions." To those who differ from me, I would ask what do you expect to get from a coalition Government ? You will get nothing. They will promise,but they will not perform. (Hear, hear.) And this Government, which comprises Lord Salisbury and Mr. Chamberlain, (hisses and cries of" Judas") will not last very long. (Applause.) I have read in a good old book, a book which 'I think will last longer than any other—that the lion will lie down with the lamb. There may be truth in that, but I don't believe it is possible for two lions to keep the same quarters for any length of time. (Laughter and applauee.) I would like to read to you what Lord Tweedmouth says with regard to the defeat of the late Government. He was speaking at Torquay on Saturday last. He says : " They had a sad example in himself of the wrongs the House of Lords could do to an individual. He found himself 'under considerable disabilities now as a peer e, disabilities which he shared with three classes—criminals, lunatics, and worse. Like them, he was incapable of haying a voice in the election of M.Pee, and prevented from sitting in the House of Commons. Ho had a still further disadvantage of not being allowed to open his mouth during an election. The late Government was defeated, but not on a great ques- tion of policy. They were done to death in the dark by the assassin's stab in the back. At a moment when the War Minister had announced a great administrative change which would alter the whole administration of 'the Army, on a secondary point trumped up for the oc- casion, the Government was defeated. It had been a common taunt of the Tory party that they clung to the sweets of office. They had not been able to extract from Lord Salisbury his policy (cries of" Dissolution.") That was an ominous word that suggested corruption. It savoured of the churchyard, and he ventured to say that it portended the early funeral of those who adopted it as their cry." Since the last election the greatest blow the Liberal party has ever received is not only the re- tirement from the leadership of the party, but the re- tirement permanently from the deliberations o, the Im- perial Parliament, of the Right Hon. William Ewart Gladstone. (Loud applause.) Mr. Morley said the other evening, that that was not the only disappearance. There was a further disappearance, and gentlemen, I am glad to say we can afford this one, although we can ill afford the other. I refer to the disappearance of what was called the 'Unionist party. (Laughter and applause.) That has gone, and we shall not again, I hope, hear, as we have now heard for many years, of the sacrifices which that party—l won't call it a parteeit is not a perty —we have heard the last I hope of what that remnant has professed it has lost and suffered so much. (Ap- plause.) They have amalgamated with the Tories, and we wish them joy. We don't want them. We waist no bastard politicians. There is only room for two reirties in this state, the Liberals and the Tories. (Applause.) I am now going to say a few words about what is called Home Rule for Ireland. (Applause.) As I have told you in my election address, I am in favour of a Bill for the better government of Ireland, but one which at the same time secures the interests of the Imperial Parliament. (Applause.) lam in favour of the Bill which Mr. Gladstone introduced at the opening of the last Parlia- ment, in every shape and form. (Applause.) During the last three years,lreland has never been so contented, never so happy, not if Yeti look back during the whole of the past century. (Applause.) And to what do you attribute it? I attribute it to two canoes s first and foremost to the fact that the Irish people are looking for- ward to this measure of Home Rule. Their aspirations and their whole thoughts are centred in this one great boon. The other cause is the administration of Mr. Morley during his secretaryship of Ireland. (Applause.) Only the other day, I read somewhere that a pair of white gloves was given to a judge when he came to try cases before the court It is precious seldom we hear of that in this country. (flear,hear.) And this party'.-this great Tory-Unionist party would tell you that it was Mr. Balfour's work in their last administration. It is nothing of the kind. (Hear, hear and applause.) What have Irishmen to expect from a Unionist Government? ("Coercion"). Coercion,nothing more, and nothing less. Absolute coercion is what they will give if you return them, which I don't believe you will. (Loud applause.) If they remain in power for the next 20 years. Irishmen will have yet more coercion. (Hear, hear.) lam coming to another question which I have mentioned in my address, but which in me mind should have been dealt with first. I mean the House of Lords. (Leud applause.) As I have told you, lam in favour of a Bill which will take away the power of re- jecting nearly all the measures which are sent up to it 1 when a Liberal Government is in power. (Applause.) During the last three years nearly all the measures which have been sent up have by one fell stroke of Lord Salisbury's pen been cast to the four winds of heaven. Gentlemen, I would ask you if you are in favour of the House of Lords being maintained in its present position. (No, no.) It is to alter that, that! stand here to-night, and why you are going to fight this election. The whole cause is a farce—a huge farce. (Hear, hear.) 'You have the power, and the right to send representatives to Westminster, and it is your dute to see that they assist in carrying out those measures for which you send them there. (Appi +else.) Some time ago, I was staying at the Isle of Wight, at Vent-nor, when the sitting member, or the late member, Sir Richard Webster, who some of you are aware is of ,pgal fame, was addressing the members of the Junior ,enneervative Club. He is reported to have said—and mind you, the press don't often make mistakes, and I take it that every word fell from his lips —he is reported to have said that the House sf Commons never would have passed these miserable bills, the Evicted Tenants' Bill and the Heinle Rule Bill, lad they net been certain that the House of Lords would to its duty and reject them. (Laughter.) Gentlemen, I think that was a fine thing to instil into the junior members of this club, and into the rising generation of 'heir party. (Laughter and applause.) Ido not think! enuld have given you a better example of what you must ,xpect from the Government of the so-calhd Unionist ; oarty. The House of Lords say that the late Govern- ment had not a large majority. A small majority we lad, I confess, but it was good enough for your pier- noses, and it was a majority which altheugh probably narrow, at least it was a majority, and I take it, the oarty in power, no matter what the majority is. must serve that majority faithfully. (Applause.) In the House of Lords there are 800 members, and out of that number, there are some 30 VillO represent the Liberal sextet. Is that a fair proportion ? (" No, no ") Is it ight that when a Liberal Government has a majority in he Commons there should be thie mejority in the House if Lords against it, the members of whom are 'here from no ether right than because they are sons of 'heir fathers—(laughter and applause)—gentlemen who tre selfish, and of whom Mr. Chamberlain said not long go that they toil not neither do they spin? (Loud •pplause.) I say gentlemen, you have got to alter this Renewed applause.) Of what use is it going for Home tule or any other measure, until V3U have abolished the sower, which has too long been as a barrier to your vishes. (Applause.) What we want to do now is simply in a larger measure to extend the power vhich by the great Reform Act of 1832 gave better esprosentation of the people, and abolished the right which at that time, to a very large extent, existed whereby the House of Lords nominated the majority of he House of Commons. If we clipped their lordships' wings in 1832, why should we not clip them very much more. (Applause.) They ought to have been clipped ong ago. (Renewed applause.) If you do me the innour of returning Ille to Parliament, I will take care hat my votes, and all I can do, will not only aid in \ bolistiitm the House of Lords—at least the veto—but viii be directed to put on the statute book,nnt only thoee measures! have spoken to-night about, hut also a large lumber of others that have been rejected by the House )1 Lords during the past three years. (Applause.) I save not to-night the time at my disposal to go into everal ''her regions which I shall deal with during the •ourso of this week, but to-night I intended rather to ,ddress you and speak to the weirkere and canvassers luring the election. Now you will have to put your boulder to the wheel. (Hear, hear) You will have to .bliterate the majority of the pest. (Applause.) You mist not think that because a Conservative has repre- ented the borough for a few years, that Warrington is lways to be misrepresented instead el' being represented. Apelause.) You must work. you mist cermet:ond you oust make up your minde,and if you have ant the honour f your party at heart as touch as I have, and take it as much to heart as I have, you wlll take care to reverse ..

this majority when the polling takes place. I shall have several opportunities during the next few days of ad- dressing you, but I will say again that speaking is all very well in its way, but if you rely on that you will be mightily mistaken. (Hear, hear.) I want you to go amongst the people. Get at them. Convert them if you can, and tring them to the poll and see that your man is returned next week. (Loud applause.) One more word and I have finished. I am perfectly aware that one more worthy—one more able, physically and mentally, should have been standing in the place I occupy to-night. I regret exceedingly that my friend here, Mr. Crosfield—(loud applause)—is not standing in my shoes. I am perfectly certain that if he had been in my place, there would have been no doubt as to the issue before us. At the meetings I shall hold from time to time I shall be delighted to see as many Conservatives as it is possible to get into the room. (Hear, hear.) It shows a healthy state of the political atmosphere when people wish to learn something. I know perfectly well that they will extend to me the forbearance which we should give them if we were with them. If to-night is a sample of the courtesy, the good feeling,and the good will which exists—because I am perfeetly certain there are a few Conservatives in the room—l say it is a model, and ought to stand out as such through Great Britain. (Loud applause during which Mr. Scott resumed his seat). Mr. SYNC:INDS, who was received with loud applause, said : I am glad to see there are some ladies here. We married men know that we cannot get on without the ladies—(laughter)—and I should like to remind you that in politics as in oth.r things, the ladies are quite as necessary. (Applause.) I have come down here to- night to support my friend Mr. Scott, for two or three reasons. In the first place because I hope in Warring- ton, at all events lam not a stranger. During the last contest, aye, and in many contests before—when you returned my old friend, Mr. McMinnies—(loud ap. plause)—l have spoken on Warrington platforms to Warrington electors, and amongst those who were on those platforms4.l reckon many personal friends who have regarded me I think to a certain extent as one of the fathers of tbe, Liberal party in Lancashire. The 1 second reason for my coining here to-night is that I am to some extent responsible for Mr. Scott appearing be- fore you as a candidate. When your representatives came to see me, I told them that it would be a burning shame if they did not fight the seat, and I said if you cannot get another man I will come and fight it myself —(laughter and applause)—and I should have liked to have gone straight for my friend over there (pointing to a demonstrative gentleman in the audience). I have come here to-night to support Mr. Scott, and after I leave here, I have to go to Salford to speak there. The issue has been put before you by Mr. Scott in plain simple word, and I call upon you to show your pluck and stand by him in the fight. (Applause.) The ques- tion is, Shall we freeborn Englishmen govern ourselves? (Yes ) Shall we be governed by a miserable clique of coroneted nobodies? (Na, no.. I care nothing for that amalgamated company that forms our Government at the present day. They call themselves, God knows what. (Laughter.) Tories I know, Liberals I know, but what on earth are Tory Liberal Unionists. (Loud laughter.) The Liberal Democrat is one who believes in the right of the people to rule themselves, for them- selves, by themselves. (Applause.) The Tory party is the party of privilege, and is the supporter of privilege, but what this amalgamation is God knows, but I don't. (Laughter.) But it matters very little. Hybrids pro- duce nothing. That is a fact in natural history— (laughter)—and It was Lord Beaconsfield himself who, in one of his early novels, described the party of which he was afterwards leader—the great Conservative party —as the mule of politics which engenders nothing. That is what is done in this amalgamation. But what I don't agree with is that hereditary irresponsible barrier which stands across our path—the path of us free men, and shall the government of this country be under the control of that House where Lord Salisbury says a thing shall be done, or shall not be done. (Applause) If you are Englishmen with self respect in your hearts, if you are Englishmen and believe in the future of this great country,sweep it away. (Ap- plause.) I call upon you to fight the battle, but if you are craven curs, who are willing to put your necks down to he trodden noon by Lord Salisbury, a man who with all his intellectual power has not the slightest con- ception of the needs of his fellow countrymen, a man entirely secluded in his aristocratic ideas, and regarding his fellow countrymen as mere pawns on the chess board for him to move at his will, then you deserve what you get. (Applause.) I feel strongly on this question, be- cause I feel that our manhood is in question. (Hear, hear.) It is not merely because yesterday, or the day before, or last year, or the year before,that they rejected this or that measure—that they rejected the claim of our Irish fellow countrymen, or the Employers' Liability Bill—that I oppose the House of Lords. It is because We are free men, and have the right to govern ourselves. (Applause.)lf you like to go back to the old days,you will see you were governed by an absolute monarch. There was something in that, because the people as a whole were represented in the crown. But here we have the fortuitous atoms of society (laughter) ; men who come there they know not how. I care not how they go away from it. (Laughter.) They are there in the interests of privilege, and I say that all free born Englishmen shall exercise their rights of self government in spite of them. (Applause.) My work at election times is not so much speaking I have enough of that—it is mainly trying to arrange the affairs of the party so as to win elections. I have been two or three times in War- rington. There is never any lack of pluck, of the hard work or enthusiasm. There are men upon the platform like Mr, tierpoint, or Mr. Harry Roberts with whom I have been associated in many contests, not only in War- rington, but elsewhere. There is no lack of wise and competent administrators. But there is a lack not here alone, but in many constituencies, of that personal en- thusiasm which induces every man, aye, and every woman, to fed the greatness and the righteousness of the contest, and who put all their energies into the fight. It is not enough that we should record our vote. It is not enough that we should simply have a canvass book. It is the workers who year by year, in season and out of season, at home, in the workshop, are endeavouring to persuade others to follow in the right way. Persuade, I say, not force, because for my part, I have infinite res- pect for the good old Tory, for we then know whom we are fighting. But we are fighting this amalgama- tion, I have spoken of, just now. This is of a moat deceptive and wily character. The programme which has been put forward on their behalf is intended to deceive the electorate. When Lord Salisbury spoke in the House of Lords on Saturday, and mentioned the chief items in that programme he finished every owl by saying "this is not a panacea." He wanted to leave himself a loophole, through which to escape if his party got the upper hand. If they have a narrow majority at the next election, Joe Chamberlain will drive the coach—(laughter)—,and he will upset it. (Renewed laughter.) I invite you all to come to the funeral. (Laughter)—My friend there especially (again pointing to the demonstrative gentleman). But if the Tories get a large majority, there will be ructions. (Laughter.) There will be a shine in the tents of Shem. The young Tory bloods already are protesting that the Liberal Unionists are having the lion's share of the offices. There will be such a happy family,and we shall so enjoy it. I invite you to look at that also. (Laugh- ter.) But don't let us allow them to get there. (Loud applause.) There is no reason why they should. (Hear, hear.) An eminent and most respectable old Tory statesman, Sir Stafford Northcote, a man for whom I had an infinite respect,said not many months before his death, that the lower down you went in the strata of ignorance, the stronger you find the support for the Tory party. Well now, I hays held for a long time that Toryism is ignorance. (Applause.) But it is honest. But this hybrid business, Liberal Unionism, is dis- honesty. (Applause.) If you read the speeches of Joseph Chamberlain, he speaks of many measures we have been supporting, as if he wanted them to pass,but he could not support them. But as the old song says "It's all very well to disisenable your love, but why did you kick me downstairs? '(Applause.)A marvellous thing has happened in the House of Lords with respect to the Factory Act. I don't know how many pages,how many clauses it contains,but it is one of the longest bills before the House last session, and they passed it in one day. (Laughter.) And yet they say they are to check hasty legislation by the representatives of the people. (Laugh- ter.) They are funny dogs. (Reoewed laughter.) But we will have a change in the play. WA will not have a comedr next time. We will have no more mountebanks in the House of Lords. Let us have a tragedy there instead. (Loud applause.) Don't let us execute them. Let them sit there. Let them sleep there, if they like. I (Laughter.) It will be a grand sight to see the peers sleeping in their night-shirts and coronets. (Loud laugh- ter.) We will keep them, they are really picturesque. (Renewed laughter.) They can do no harm as long as we have the legislative power. (Applause.) We want to deatrov all their legislative powers. (Hear, hear.) Lord Salisbury has said that if we took away the legisla- tive power from the House of Lords, you will give legis- lative autocracy to the House of Commons. Legislative autocracy is rather a long phrase. but it simply means the power to govern yourselves. I am not afraid of that. (Applause.) We will chance it at any rate. (Laughter and Applause.) Lord Salisbury says that the Tories support property and liberty. You see he takes good care to put property first. (Hear, hear.) He said that the Liberals were interfering with liberty. Well, look at the Local Veto Bill. This Bill simply gives you the power to decide for yourselves whether you will or will not have any publichouses. I fancy Lord Salis- bury thinks more about property than liberty in this case. (Applause.) He also says that you cannot say that any parliament has been elected for the passing of any particular Bile and if the Liberals are returned by a large majority, he will say that some were returned for Local Veto, none for Home Rule, and some for disestab- lishment, he will then say that the House of Lords has a perfect right to reject, Bills. They are ready to fi2ht you.and you ought to be ready to fight thern.(Applause.) My last words to you are strongly to urge upon you that this battle is the workers' battle. It is for the right of the people to govern themselves. We have been trying to do that for some time past, but we have been stopped by one particular institution. That institution we say must go. (Applause.) You hays this simple issue before you. Whether we want Home Rule, Local Veto, Disesta- bib:Juno:lL or Factory Legislation, we must remove that

institution with its members. (Applause.) My last words to-night is put on your best boots and—punch 'em. (Loud laughter and applause.) Mr. A. H. DROSFIELD, who was received with much applause, said: The resolution that I have the pleasure , to more is the following : " That this aggregate meet- ing of Liberals cordially approves of the candidature of Percival B. Scott, Esq., and pledges itself to use every possible legitimate effort to secure his triumphant elec- tion to Parliament." (Applause.) I have not come with a speech in my pocket, and will not attempt to make one. We have already heard our candidate, which was the object of the meeting, and after the able speech by Mr. Symonds we do not wish to unduly prolong the meeting in such a torrid temperature. Probably also we are all well supplied with political food, as doubtless everyone here has, more or less, followed the important speeches we have had from members of the late admin- istration, and I hope not a few may have have had the advantage of hearing the very important address de- livered last Thursday from the platform in the great Hall which must always be associated with the days when Cobden and Bright worked for their great re- forms ; and by a man who, in virtue of his honesty of pnrpose, unflinching coura-e and stern integrity: is no unworthy to bear the mantle that has fallen from 'these great men on to his own shoulders. (Ap- plause.) Well, we have heard what our leaders have to say. I won't take up your time by referring in detail to the measures enumerated in the manifestos and speeches with which the country is now resounding. One of the best and most readable and one of the best efforts which even Lord Rosebery ever made, was his speech on Friday last at the Albert Hall, London. I will read one short extract as follows:—" I ask you to return the Liberal party to power—(applause),—and ministers some of whom I see around me, who have worked for the people of Great Britain as they never were worked for before. (Applause.) There is not a village in England, there is not a parish in London,t :at is not quick and alive with the electric spark given to it by the Parish Councils Bill. (Applause.) There is not a workshop in all Great Britain that does not bless to-night the name of Mr. Asquith. (Applause.) There is not a school throughout England and Wales, there is not a branch of education which does not re- gard with the deepest gratitude the be- neficient administration of Mr. Acland. (Applause.) At the very moment when we were struck down ha our career, Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman.—(Applause) had unfolded to the House of Commons the outlines of a great scheme of administrative reform of which one of the most important parts had already been passed. We have given you besides, under the auspices of Lord Spencer (applause) the mightiest fleet that England has had since Waterloo. After all, this is only a part of the achievements of this Government that the House of Commons has just dismissed." (Applause.) And this, gentlemen, from a government of which Lord Salisbury says they can do nothing but waste the country's time in taking its political machinery to pieces and then putt- ing it together again. His lucid statement of some plain and primary facts about Herne Rule,'will not be refuted, andicannot be. Not: that this Will put an end to those prophesies of disaster with which _We are familiar. (Hear, hear.) These things do not distres3 us. The cry of " Wolf " loses its effect after a time. And after all, the other side must say something. There is a line in Byron somewhere : "He knew not what to say and so he swore." (Laughter.) I should be, indeed, sorry to hint that the party of all the talents could be guilty of unparliamentary language, but short of that, I am bound to say that over this question of the devolution of Irish self government, they have not stuck at curs- ing. (Hear, hear.) It has been the same with all other far reaching reforms. They have cursed us roundly with bell book and candle ; in fact, we may say, " Never was heard such a terrible curse, Put what gives rise to no littlesurprise, Nobody seems one penny the worse."( Laughter.) Meantime, as regards their own policy, it really does seem as if the efforts—the vain efforts— of this hybrid Government to reproduce itself, are mainly intended to consist of what we have been familiar with since the days of the Romans—bread and flattery. (Applause.) Gentlemen, you know the issues. We only ask you to compare in their whole scope and purport and spirit, the proposals and policies submitted to you by the two parties. Whether we look at the splendid record behind us, the real sound work done during this administration, or the programme of useful, important,and inspiring work and reform placed before us, I fail to understandhow a man who has at heart, or I will say who cares one atom for the welfare of our great middle and wage-earning classes can decline to give the Liberal parts' his support. (Applause.) It is on these grounds we ask you to back up my friend Mr. Scott, who has so pluckily come to fight for you, and if you do so with energy and en- thusiasm,you are more than a match for all the forces of privilege and prejudice which we invariably have against us—(applause)—and we shall be able to return him well at the head of the poll. (Loud applause.) The Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND met with a very cordial reception on rising to second the resolution. He said : Mr. Chairman, I have very great pleasure in seconding the resolution, that we heartily adopt Mr. Scott as the Liberal candidate for Warrington. I have seen some people shake their heads in a sorry fashion during the past week over the idea of having a contest, and I have heard some people murmur dark prophecies about the unwisdom of the Liberal party at this particular junc- ture trying to join issue in this constituency, but I think that the magnificent and enthusiastic meeting we'have to-night is quite sufficient confirmation of the wisdom of those of us who did what we could to urge on the Liberal party that we should contest this election. (Hear, hear.) I will not keep you more than a moment or two to say very briefly why I am on this platform, and why with all the sympathy both of my intellect and my heart I support the Liberal cause. (Hear, hear.) I think first of all at the present time the reason is this— that I have Irish blood in my veins. (Applause.) I am an Irishman born in Lancashire. (Laughter and applause.) I think it is a tolerably grrA amalgam for modern Radicalism. (Applause.) But I do feel that we have arrived at a time of very grave crisis in regard to the Irish question. Our friends of the other side are trying to persuade themselves that the Irish question has ceased to exist in practical politics. ("No.") Mr. Pierpoint in his address tells us that you have only got to return the Unionists to power to give Home Rule its death blow. (" Nonsense.") Mr.lherpoint can have very little political foresight. (Rear, hear.) I take it that the wonderful tranquility of Ireland at the present time is due almost entirely to the fact that Irish- men have learned to trust the great English democracy. (Hear, hear.) If anything happens to cause Irishmen to find out that their confidence in Eng- land has been misplaced, if instead of the wise, patient and devoted administration of Mr. Morley in Ireland— (loud aplauser—we have the administration of Mr. Ger- ald Balfour, who, so far as we know, has no very pro- nounced sympathy with Irish aspirations, than I very much fear a wave of deep and strong resentment will be felt throughout the length and breadtts of Ireland.(Hear, hear.) If we want to wipe out, so far as we can that disgraceful page of English history, if we want to prevent any recurrence of these methods of dealing withl reland, methods which should bring a blush to the cheeks of every man who values the name of free man, then I say we must , cast a solid vote on the side of the party which has a liv- ing sympathy with Ireland, (Loud and continued ap- plause.) Secondly, I am a supporter of the Liberal party on this occasion, because the Liberal party has identi- fied itself with the forward movement of English democracy. (Apnlause ) I believe very strongly and with a growing streagth not only from the sympathy of my heart, but I think I may also say from some study of the question and for some intellectual reasons which to me, at any rate, are sound, I believe strongly in democracy, and if you look at the present political situation you can have no 'shadow of a doubt which party of politicians are most largely animated with sympathy for popular demands. (Hear, hear, and applause.) You will find that our opponents are making a great deal of the fact that they say the Liberal Government has done very little. It has been bothering itself about Home Rule in Ireland, about Welsh Disestablishment and other things,but it has done nothing for the great mass of the working people in our country. Now, I assert unhesitatingly, that no state- ment more entirely false to the facts could possibly be made. (Loud applause.) The things which sometimes tell in elections are the big Bills which are passed through the two houses of legislature, but after all a great deal of the happiness and the progress of the people depends upon wise and good administration, and if I may single one department of the late Government's work, I should say that in the whole course of English history the Home Office has not been managed in a way so conducive, to the progress and well-being of the people as has been the case under the direction of Mr. Asquith. (Loud applause.) Let me just venture to put before you one very brief passage in a speech which Mr. Asquith delivered Showing the benefit which the action of the Home Office has conferred upon the great working masses. " At this moment," said Mr. Asquith, "Tam thankful to say, in the Potteries of Staffordshire, in the chemical an i lead works of this and other counties, in the flax and linen manufactories of Belfast, in the open quarries in all parts of England and Wales, in the sweaters' dens in the East End of London—(cheers)—in the overcrowded and insanitary workshops!of the West—in all those CASPS life and limta are more secure, poisonous processes have been rendered comparatively innocuous, health is protected, sanitation is ensured, illegal overtime has been stopped, and the safeguards which the law has intended to inter- pose between the cupidity and cruelty of the worst class of employers and those who, from age or sex, from poverty or ignorance, are too weak to defend themselves —those safeguards have become a living and working reality." (Loud applause.) I believe that in these elo- quent words. Mr. Asquith has accurately and within the strict limits of truth summed uo the benefits which the administratlon of the Liberal Government has conferred upon those who live and labour, the great masses of the people, and I say unheoitatingly, that it is from the Liberal Government that you have to look for a con- tinuance of similar administration and for those laws wnich are necessary to correct the great injustices which still exist and to continue the great movernent of up- ward democratic progress. (Loud applause.) Our op-

ponents are putting themselves forward as the friends of social reform. (Laughter.) They tell us that we Liberals are simply engaged in dismembering and disintegrating empires and churches, while they are Yearning with all the love of their hearts to get into office that they may confer great and lasting benefits upon you the working people of the country. (Laughter.) Now, I think that those promises will be spelt a little bit differently after the election should the Conservatives succeed in getting into power. (Hear, hear.) There will then be a great many hindrances, a great many objections which it is not convenient to mention an election platforms at the present time. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) lam quite sure that any social reform that you get from Lord Salisbury will only be in the nature of a sugar plum to kg ep you quiet, and that is not what freeborn English- men want. (Hear, hear, and loud applause.) It is not what will satisfy them and if you believe as I do that the great interests of the English democracy are bound up at the present moment with the Liberal party under its great democratic leaders, then you will do as I shall do—you will vote for Mr. Scott. (Loud and continued applause.) The resolution was read over again by the Chairman and an being put to the vote a forest of hands was promptly held up amidst loud cheering. Against the resolution not a single hand was raised. The Chair-nan then declared that the " ayes" had it. An announce- ment which was greeted with another round of cheer- ing. Councillor H. ROBERTS said : It is not my intention to address the meeting at any length to-night. There are, however, one or two things I would like to say. There are gentlemen in this room who, I daresay, occasionally read a newspaper published in Warrington, called the "Observer." (Laughter.) I have had a great deal to do with the keeping up of that newspaper. (Laughter.) It has not had any money out of me, but I have had some out of it—(renewed laughter)—, and I think the proba- bilities are that if it goes on as it is doing, it will not be my fault if I don't get some more. (Laughter.) What- ever you see in the " Observer " newspaper you accept it as gospel truth. I always do. (Laughter.) There was a statement in it last week to the effect that my poor insignificant self was mainly responsible for forcing a candidate upon the Liberal party during this election. I am not at all sorry if I am—(applause)—but I am very glad to tell you that lam not solely responsible. lam one of those who believe that it is the duty of all sup- porting the Liberal creed not merely to say so, but to fight for it whenever there is an opportunity. (Ap- plause.) This is not merely a local battle. It is a na- tional battle in which we are engaged. (Applause.) Although it may seem to some timid people to be an utter impossibility to win this , borough—which I don't admit for one mo- , ment—l think it is practicable and quite possible—(ap- plause)—it is none the less our duty to take our part in ' this great battle which is now taking place. We have I seen surprises before to-day. (Applause.) Warrington , has not always sent a Tory to Parliament, and it is not , going to continue always to send a Tory to Parliament. (Applause.) The majority by which we were defeated , at the last election was not a very big one. It only means the turning over of less than 300, and there you are. (Applause.) What are you going to do? ("Win.") What lam coming to is this. We cannot possibly win , this election from the platform. But we can win it from door to door. What we want is that you give in your names to-night, either to our friends at the doors, or leave them across at the Liberal Club,and that you take your share in this fight. I don't think some of our friends have the remotest idea of the amount of work and anxiety. and worry there is in connection with a contested election. But many helpers make easy work, (Hear, hear.) This is not a battle of those on the plat- form, so much to-night as the battle of the workingmen. We are anxious to fight. If you don't take the opportunity you now have before you, it is quite possible it won't occur again for many years. Mr. Pierpeint says in his address that if —and it is a very big "if" too—if the Conservative and Unionist party is returned to power, it will be the end of Home Rule. Of course, as I said just now, it is a very big "if." I don't believe for one moment, that the Unionist party is going to came back into power. (Applause.) I believe it will be found as the result of the elections that the Liberal party is in the ascendant. (Applause.) The Liberal party never has been defeated yet except by its own apathy, and by dissensions within its own ranks. (Hear, hear.) I believe also that we should not push forward too much our own particular ideas but go in solidly for the general principles common to the belief of all true Liberals. A Conservative auth- ority has said on one occasion that he did not care, and it did not matter where the man came from. If he were merely a stick, if he was a Tory, he would vote for him. (Laughter.) Without going exactly to the same length, I am prepared individually to say this, whoever the Liberal candidate is, no Twitter what his opinions may be on certain matters not germane to the general questions, I am going to vote for that Liberal candidate. (Applause.) Well, you all have to fight if you wish to have this matter brought to a successful issue. It can be done on Monday next, which I expect is the election day. (Applause.) We can work as well as the other side with a good deal less accessories than they. (Laughter.) We can do a great deal more work in a great deal less time than the other side. In the mean- time let all who at present are not on the ward commit- tees kindly let their names be known,and let them begin working for the candidate to-night. (Applause.) The purpose for which I rose to-night WAS to propose a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which I do without comment. (Applause.) Mr. PIERPOINT saidrthat he would take the resolution las seconded and carried. He would emphasise the words which Mr. Roberts had said. This election could not be won by talking from the platform so much as it could be by work from door to door by his friends in front of him. Mr. Scott and others would do all they could to help them. If they would read Mr. Scott's address, they would find that he was fighting for them,and they would show very great want of judgment and base ingratitude if they did not put their best energies into tho work and return him at the head of the poll. (Loud applause.) The meeting which had been roost enthusiastic throughout, then terminated, and the Liberal club was soon filled with willing workers who took out canvass books, and in a very short time, the whole town will be canvassed.

At the close of the meeting, Councillor Roberts announced that on Friday night a great meetina would be held at Ohmy's circus, and it is to b.N hoped that this large structure will be packed when the time for commencing the meeting arrives.

... , .. . , k.''':.it'..{'• I • . ‘ • • I I ' • ' •'••' '••• • 141'41kik slig .. 'e,..:tj:11;.• .'l. I•'''• .• .... • •••• • , ...1*;•'•:•• 4S - 1 -•,..,1 • • • • 1 ktr,- , ' -or- ''..3' '..' • • ..i, . ''' . . . t • ' , - ' OA' ' '.4%..'n-,*-' ' • ,-...5.' ' :. " , . - '-' II ~7,;,,-.;-,...... *.:...=-, L , " -,

V'lol.l A PHOTOGRAPH BY T. TURTLES. PERCIVAL B. SCOTT.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18950713_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. _

===== 0002601_18950713_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING IN BRICK- STREET SCHOOLROOM.

MR. PIERPOINT'S ATTENDANCES.-REMARKABLE FIGURES. THE QUESTION OF THE CATHOLIC VOTE.

Brick-st. schoolroom was crowded to overflowing on Wednesday evening on the ()erasion of the meeting in support of the candidature of Mr. Scott. The chairman was Mr. J. H. Fleming, J.P., and he was accompanied on the platform by Mr. Scott, the candidate, Councillor Henry Roberts, J.P.. Messrs. J. Gandy, T. Mather, W. Furness,F.Dixon,T. B.Biernan,and Farnsworth (National Reform Union.) 1 The Cram/den said they were met there that night I, I hear an address from their candidate. He (Mr. Flem- ing) had not an opportunity of hearing him speak on Monday. but from what h. had read of the speech, he could say that Mr. Scott's views were quite in accord- ance with his desires, and he was sure they could not have a better candidate. Some might say he was young —(A Voice: That is the beauty of him)—but being young he would live to fight arother day. (Applause.) He had views which they all desired to see carried out. H. thought they all agreed with Home Rule for Ireland. (Cheers.) The bill passed the House of Commons, hut was thrown out by the House of Lords. His opinion was that if that House could not be mended it must be ended. (Cheers.) There were other important measures which the House of Lords had smothered, and it was now for the electors to express their opinion on the matter. (Applause.) Mr. PERCIVAL B. ScoTT who met with a most enthusias- tic reception said he had to thank them for the kind apd hearty reseption they had accorded him that night. They knew, of course, the position in which he stood, and it was not necessary for him to thank them on so large a scale as on Monday evening. They were told by their political friends—their opponents—that be was a stranger in a strange land. We'l, judging by their recep- tion and the kindness extended to him. he could say that he felt very much at home. (Hear, hear.) He had every intention of making it his political home—(hear, hear)— and what was more he hoped in the near future of mak- ing it is permanent home. (Hear, hear, and cheers). He did not know whether they had read the newspapers that day but if they had they would have noticed that Mr. Pierpoint was speaking the previous evening. His words to them that night would be somewhat in answer to his opponents' remarks. (Ch-ers.) Mr. Pierpoin` told them that in 1892 they (the electors) sentenced him to three veers hard labour. It was a serious thing—(laughter)— but he made the astounding statement that he wished for a further period of it.—(A Voice : Well, he won't get it). (Laughter). Well, h. (Mr. Scott) did not dispute that fact for a moment so far as he was physically con- cerned, but when he lonk.d back at what Mr. Pierpnint had done during the past three years, and how he had carried out what he prom,sed them if they would return him to Parliament, he (Mr. Scott) must advise them not to send him again. (Rear, hear). He had very good reasons for saying " dont ". (Hear, hear). For on tak- in notice of the returns which they had of ascertaining how their members carried out the wishes of the electors .1--and it was the only means, but it was a correct one of finding out what those gentlemen did for them—he could Ray that Mr. Pierpoint had not carried out what he promised them in 1892. (Hear, hear.) They had statistics of the divisions—important divisions— which had taken place in the House of Commons during the past three years. Be purposed reading them. In 1892 there was only one division of any great moment. Now Mr. Pierpoint attended that. In 1893 there were no less than 450 division and out of that number Mr. Pierpoint only attended 210—(shame)-210 out of 450. They now came to the year 1894. In that year there were 246 divisions—momentous divisions—and out of

.^

iC. 11

, those Mr. Pierpoint,their late member, only attended 52. (" Oh" and "Shame.") In the year 1895 up to the 22nd I of June, there were 138 divisions and Mr. Pierpoint only seemed pleased to grace the House of Commons with 48 appearances. Well that made a total during the past three years of no less than 835 divisions in the House of Commons at which the late member for Warrington only attended 311. If that was representationg that was the hard labour he referred to, he would say now, and he wished them to be very clear on that point, to take the test to heart, aad instead of giving Mr. Pierpoint six more years on the treadmill, send him to the Infirmary. (Laughter.) Ho now came to the late Government's work. Mr. Pierpoint stated that they hae done exceed- ingly little. There were differences of opinion as to what some people called little, and what others called much. For himself, he liked little, but good. (Hear, hear.) And when he looked back on what the Liberal Govern- ment professed they would do before the election of 1892, if they sent them to Westminster, and he found the number of bills which they had passed through the House of Commons, and which had been mutilated by the irres- ponsible body of peers, he was of the opinion they had done what they promised and it was not their fault the bills were not the statute book. (Cheers.) It would be a large order to carry in his mind the bills which the Liberal Government had carried through the Commons, and which the House of Lords had taken care should not become law. He would mem- time just a few Bills which they had to thank the House of Lords that they had not got ; for they had nobody else to blame but the House of Lords that the measures were not now at their disposal. (Hear, hear.) The Lords rejected the Home Rule Bill. On Monday night he dealt with that act largely. To-night he had not the time. But be wanted to point out that it was said that the House of Lords was a body of exemplary minds, of exemplary ideas, and that they were there for the pur- pose of preventing Bills becoming law when they had been too hurriedly passed by the House of Commons. (A voice : When it is against themselves). He (Mr. Scott) maintained that that argument only applied when the Liberal Government was in power. (Cheers.) The Home Rule Bill was before the House of Commans for 82 nights and the House of Lords disposed of that measure in less than two days. C' Shame.") The House of Lords did not sit for more than half-an-hour to an hour a time, but in the House of Commons the twelve o'clock rule was done away with and there were all night sittings. Then again what did the House of Lords do the previous week. They had the Factories and Workshops Act, a Bill which he ventured to say, had the Liberal Government been in power six months longer, would not have been on the statute book to-day. The Unionists dared not go to the country without passing that Bill. They passed it in less than one day. That was the hurried legislation which the House of Lords were there principally to prevent. That was what they, the electors, must remember, and that, of the Bills of moment passed by the late Government only one or two ' were graced with their Lordships' sanction. They killed the Employers' Liability Bill. They mutilated it so that the Government rightly and propeily refused to accept I the amendment which they inserted in the Bill after it I left the House of Commons. The Lords also refused Lin- coln's Inn Fields to be opened as playgrounds for the children and public of London ; they attempted to des- troy the charter establishing the University of Wales;they mutilated the scheme: of intermediate and technical schools under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act ; they rejected the Evicted Tenants Bill ; they attempted to destroy the Parish Councils Bill, and they excluded from the Scotch Local Government Bill the provision for I the compulsory acquisition by Parish Councils of land for I labourer's dwellings. That was only a small record of what the Lords lied prevented coming law ; it was only , a small part of the Liberal programme which the Lords had damned, and would again if they sent this coalition of Salisbury and Chamberlain to Westminster. They I would promise them anything but eive them nothing. (Applause.) They would give Ireland coercion for twenty years. What was it that the Irishman wanted ? He wanted nothing more or less than the right tc govern his own country, and to deal with those measures which appertained to Irishmen alone. (Cheers). The Bill of Mr. Gladstnne—(cheers)—did not impair the Imperial supremacy ; it did not in any way disintegrate the Em- pire, and did not march through rapine to that end. It was for them to decide the issue. (Loud cheers.) On Monday next, as they knew. they would have to go to the polling booth, and if they wanted beneficient legislation, legislation which should curtail the hours of labour ; which should en- deavour to make their homes in their old age better than they had been ; if they were going to have these benefits which he maintained were their due after a man had worked honestly and labnured hard during the best hours of life, and if they were going to look after their own interests, there was only one party for them to support, and that was the great Liberal party—(cheers) —which he had the honour to represent. (Cheers.) If they imagined that listening to him, and his speaking to them was going to win these things, they never made a greater mistake in the whole course of their lives. They would have to go out and work from now until next Monday. He did not want anybody to coerce, neither in any works or elsewhere. He wanted fair play and above board. If by legitimate action they could bring those on the ether side to see the error of their ways, he asked them to leave no stones unturned, and victory was theirs. (Loud and continued applause.)—Mr. Scott afterwards left the room to address another meet- ing:

I Mr. Toms GANDY, in moving a vote of confidence in Mr. Scott, said they all like their candidate, objected to the veto of the House of Lords. These men in the House of Lords to whom they should look for the greatest help in all questions affecting the well-being of the country, look dto their own interest—to the ques- tions affecting themselves, regardless of their effect on the working classes. So they had found themselves under the necessity of clipping their wings—(laughter) —and having men in Parliament who would do all they could to further their views and aspirations. He for one most strongly objeeted to what had been said by some shout Irishmen. RS refused to believe that Irishmen were not as good as any other men. In America. AustrSlia, and ether , parts of the world they found that Irishmen get the highest positions as legislators, as tradesmen, as flier- chants, and SS officers in the army and navy. (Ap- plause.) If Rome Rule would do anything to help them to develop those characteristics in their own country,bv all means let them have Home Rule and manage their own affairs. (Cheers.) Referring to workmen's dwellings he said his experience of buildina societies had taught him that instead of private individuals working together to secure here and there a house or a few houses, they might have building societies on a national scale. In- stead of private individuals having houses which were a disgrace to their civilisation, and in which men,women, and children herded together in unwholesome and un- healthy conditions, and they could by such a national system find dwellings for all the people, and they might be their own landlords. He considered the administra- tion of the poor laws a disgrace to a civilised country ; it was a great blot on the hospitality of a great nation towards its poorer members. (Applause.) Mr THOMAS MATHRR said it gave him great pleasure to second the resolution. He CAMP there that night to say a word on a special subject which seemed to be made a great point of at that election. He was as most of them knew, a Roman Catholic. (Applause.) Through- out the town there was placarded up a great "mani- festo" from the Roman Catholic hishops,of this country" and anyone reading that paragraph, would think that no Roman Catholic could vote for a Liberal candidate. But if they had read that manifesto they would know that there were four questions, and Mr. Pierpoint had simply taken a p.ragranh out of one of them. He (Mr. Mather) had had the pleasure r f introducing Mr. Scott to the Catholic clergy of Warrington. (Cheers.) He tackled Mr. Sc,stt first for his own satisfaction. There were some points, he must confess, that he did not thnrouchly understand. and he asked him to come to the clergy and have it nut with them. Like a man, Mr. Scott went, and argued nut the four vital points with them—(cheer.) with the result that he had the total sympathy of the Roman Catholic clergy in this fight. (Cheers.) He had quite satisfied them, and to all Catholics he would say, don't be afraid, have no hesita- tion, in %Wing for Mr. Scott. (Loud cheers) Mr KIERNAN said he Was very glad to listen to what Mr. Mather had said. He knew very well that the Catholics of Warrington were not going to vote for any Tories. (Rear, hear ) The Tories, when it suited their purpose would (mote from the Cardinal, or the Pope, or any of the high dignitaries of their church. It had been the custom of the old Tory party all theirlives. (Cheers.) They were only keeping up the ward " Tory" in its best and original sense. Everyone knew that the mean- ing of the word Tory was—a thief. (Heart hear and applause.) The Tories were" dab" hands at stealing things that would suit them at election times. But they mist not treat them as far as they could throw them. (Laughter ) They would do any mortal thing to get into office. They wotild take into their trust and council such men as Chamberlain (Cries of Judas.") They all knew what Birmineham was famed for. They polished brass to look like gold—(laughter)—and they polished their statesmen and nut a SDDrieUIS trade-mark upon them. (Renewed lataehter) lie would be ash ,ed to have anything to do with these Birmingham trt hers— everyone knew they were only veneered. (L ghter.) In Warrington the Liberals had got a young man, 27 years of age. He was not old enough to make many enemies, brit he was sore he would he SMe to make plenty of friends. It would be a disgrace to them if they did not win the election—(loud cheers)--nr at least reduce the majority. (Rear, hear, and loud cheers.) It they did not win they would fight another time until they had carried their cause forward to the greatest success ((Theers.) The speaker proceeded to deal with the 11011qe of Lords, and in conclusion urged all Trial,men to vote for Scott. (Cheers.) Mr. FARNSWORTH then addressed the meeting At length. He aisalr with the question of Home Rule for Ireland, and the action of the Heine of !Ards. He ap- pealed to N ,n-ronformists who were Unionists, to con- sider the n• her important measures besides Home Rule, which the Liberal n,rty had endeavoured to carry out. and were determined tn carry out. If they could not agree with them on Home Rule surely they must be with them on such a subject as disestabliahment, and he invoked them to support the candidature of Mr. Scott. (Cheers.)

The resolution was carried with acclamation.

Councillor HENRY ROBERTS said he did not intend to make a speech. It was not by speaking, but by working that the election would be won. (Cheers.) Mr. Scott came to Warrington on Saturday, a perfect stranger to everybody. But he thought he might say he was not a stranger now, and he was not sure whether he would not be more easily recognised by the majority of the people of Warrington, than even the ex-member for the Borough—Mr. Pierpoint, himself. (Applause.) He hoped they would give all the time they could to the important work of canvassing. 'nay had got a large number of honest Liberal electors is& Warrington. That meeting showed that the mak ad file was as honest and true as ever it was,and he wasted to get that clearly expressed at the poll. There wen 500 more electors this time than laat and that was where they had hope. (Applause.) They were going to redeem the Borough from the stain which had remained so long; and if they liked they could do it now by taking their fair share of the work. (Applause.) The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18950713_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
895.

ANOTHER POISONING CASE,

What a sinister word : " Poisoned !" Yet : instances of poisoning occur daily, and in many of these cases life might have been saved if the proper antidote had been promptly used. There is no excuse for pleading ignor- ance, for most of the antidotes are simple and easily un- derstood. Capt. Jas. Paige, of Plymouth, was poisoned by one of the most common, but subtle poisons—uric acid—which att.lcks the blood and carries disease to I every part of the bystem. The only known and acknow- ledged antidote for "uric acid "poisoning :is Warner's Safe Cure, which stimulates the kidneys to remove these uric acid accumulations. An excess of uric acid in the system is easily recognised by occasional brick-dust de- posits, giddiness, muscular pains, feeling of depression, and lassitude, or a bitter taste in the mouth on rising, and at their appearance treatment should not be neglected " Yet; that is so," said Capt. Paige. " I never dreamed that my system was loaded with uric acid until tortured with muscular rheumatism and gravel. Pain was such I imagined myself spread upon the rack. My legs were swollen so that the skis cracked open ; my nervous sys- tem was shattered, my manhood seemed destroyed, and my reason almost dethroned. Then, after all other tried remedies and doctoring' failed, Warner's Safe Core cured me. This was eight years ago, and I have enjoyed good health since that time with the exception cf a severe attack of influenza."

===== 0002601_18950713_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
• WARRINGTON.

-- BATHING FATALITY AT LITTLE SANKEY. A large number of boys, whose ages ranged from 9to 14 years of ages, were bathing in the River Mersey, at the place known as "Pool Mouth Brook' in Little Ssnkey when one of them, named George Thornl-,y, about eleven years of age (second son of Mr. James Thornley, waterman, of &trikey Bridges), cot beyond his depth and was drowned, and was afterwards carried down the river by the ebb tide. As soon as his companions saw him float- ing with the tide they were afraid and all ran away with the exception of one little fellow (cousin to the deceased), who watched him, about 400 yards, and as soon as the body disappeared he immediately went for the boy's clothes and then ran and gave information of the accident. A number of men at once proceeded in boats to the spot with grappling irons, and the body was found at about 9.30 p.m. the same day, in about 8 feet of water near the Cheveril.—The inquest was held on Monday after- noon at the Black Horse Inn, Sankey Bridges, by Mr. S. Brighouse.—James Tnornley, Waterman, Sloop-fold. Sankey, stated that the deceased was his son, whom he last saw alive at 230 on Saturday afternoon. At about four o'clock three boys brought to the house the clothes worn by the deceased, and said that he had been drowned whilst bathing. Witness and about a dozen other men began to drag for the body, and found it at about 9.30 some 300 yards from the point where the boys were said to have entered the water.—Ernest Seed, 13 years of age, and living at 129, Howard-st., Sankey Bridges. said he and two other boys went with the deceased to bathe in the river at a place known as Pool. mouth, Penketh. All the four of them entered the water, and deceased said he would try and walk across to the other side. When about half-way across he was carried away by the current and sank. They ',hen brought deceased's clothes home. Not one of the boys could swim.—A verdict of "Accidentally drowned" was returned. AmEarcks ROCK ER CHAIRS, sale price, 12s. 61. BA:HBO 3 TAI3LRS. With tW trays, sale price, 45. 11d,—J. and W. HUTTON. Sankey-st., Warrington.— Advt.

HoU-SEHOLD 14:seis, hemmed and marked free of charge.— J. and W. DuTroN, Warrington.-21det. THE SAD DEATH OF 'A WARRINGTON MAN. Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner, conducted an enquiry at the Parade Room,lrlain-st.,on Monday,relative to the death of Peter Regan, 2 Margaret-st., on the sth inst. from the effects of a fall.—Mrs. Regan, deceased's wife, said he was 45 years of age and a Corporation labourer. When he came home on Tuesday last week he looked ill and said he had had a fall and cut his head. He afterwards became un- conscious and was on Wednesday removed to the Infirmary.—Peter Kenwright, 27 Winwick-road, a fellow workman of the deceased, said that when they finished their employment on Tuesday even- ing five of them went to witness's house when they had two quarts of beer between them. When de- ceased was about to leave he took a couple of steps towards the door and suddenly fell hack striking his head on the arm of a rocking chair. His head was cut, but whbn plaistered, deceased, who ap- peared right again, walked home. He was quite sober and there had been no quarrel or foul play at the house whatmver.—Thomas Thorley gave similar evidence.—Nurse Allen, from the infirmary, said that deceased retrained unconscious and died at one o'clock on Friday morning.—Several jurors testified to deceased's quietness of disposition and sobriety, and Inspector Norman observed that he bad been in the employ of the Corporation four or five yeara and was a respectable steady man.—A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned. CARPETS and Lncoractrms made and fitted free of charge ea'e.—J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-it., Warrington. Advt. SywING MACHINES Rand £2 181. 64. Treadle £4 4s. with handsoma walnut Cover. —J and W. DUTTON. 16 and 18. Sankey-4., Warrington.—Advt. RETURN TO WARRINGTON OF THE MILITIA. On Saturdly the 3rd Battalion South Lancashire egi ment, which left Warrington for Altcar on the 10th June for the annual training, returned to town. The men left the camp at 8 a.m., and ar- rived in Warrington about half-past eleven. They looked very well their appearance having consider- ably improved during their stay in camp. The regiment on reaching Orford Barracks was " paid off" and dismissed. WARRINGTON WOMAN IN TROUBLE AT WIDNES. At the Widnes Police Court, on Friday, before Mr. Sadler, Margaret Lynch. who said that she came from Warrington, was charged with creating a breach of the peace on the previous evening.— E Award Ranet said that on the night in question about eight o'clock pritoner came to his house,fand demanded lodgings. Witness refused her, where- upon prisoner began to make use of foul language, I and pulling her clog off, theatened to throw it at him. She continued to make further violent as- sertions, and he was obliged to send for the police. —Prisoner, who expressed contrition for her be- haviour was bound over to keep the peace for three months. CYCLES,—GA.P.LAND,SoIe Agent, Bridge-st., Warring- ton.

PREFERMENT OF A FORMER W.A.narriGTorr CURATE. Rev. T. W. Cook who was formerly one of the assistant clergy at the Parish Church, has been appointed second house-master at Lancing College, an important and responsible post.

EPPS'S COCO.L. —GRATEEUL AND COMFORTING. "By the thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of d, gestion and nutrition, and by a careful appli- cation of the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa.. Mr. Epps has prov.ded for our breakfast and supper a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors bills. It is by he judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency t disease. We may escape many a fatal shaft by kee:.ing ourselves well fortif .1 with pure blood and a properly nourished frame."—Civi, Service Gazette.— Made simply with boiling water or milk.—Sold only packets, by Crocers, JamvS Bea & CO., Ltd, Hommonathic Chemists, Lonclon."—Also Makers of Enns.• Coconino or Cocoa-Nib Extract Tea-like : A thin beverage of full flavour. now all h many beneficially taking the place of tea. Its active princiole being a gentle nerve stimulant supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system.—Advt.

A small st)ooroul of Cadbury's Cocoa makes a large ~reakf- ast cup of deltlious, refreshing cocoa, of the greatest str,.ngth and the finest II vour. The editor of Health describe, it as "a cocoa of ha highest degree of purity and nutritive value."—.Adet. • • ,•.•

OCKATOO OAP

"The most marvellous soap of the age for Laundry, Bath, Toilet. Disinfeeto rapidly, Antiseptic. Non-injurious washes without rubbing or labour. Saves blueing. Cures Rheumatism. Refreshes the skin. Wholesale Agents in Warrington, N.B. PRRCIVA L and Co. Sole Mater, F. L. RARTBLT Kevnsham, Br sto,."

===== 0002601_18950713_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\

===== 0002601_18950713_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18950713_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt Opintntr " Anrtet

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coatlng under the following heads are inserted In ALL th above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, Asper scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, . PARTNERSHIPS WAN.ND, APARTMENTSWANTED, MONEY WANTED, PROMO ARTICLES FOB SALE RV PRIVATE CONTRACT. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET Oft SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 3e 46 64 Toe above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver. Usement inserted .on credit under 28. per insertion.

35frptItc$, SaiScstneittss, earrtageO, Zzt _

CYC LISTS' STOCKINGS, Shirts, and Sweaters. Send for IiSt.—MIITTEItift, Rusholme-road, Manchester.

BELSIZB Tricycle to be sold cheap; well stayed to carry 16 st. weight; in excellent condition; ball bearings throughout, including pedals; 301 n. wheels; lamp. cyclo- meter, ac.-31 Limitatax-Roati. Seacombe. CYCLES.—Before purchasing call and inspect my stock, cheapest ever offered, prices to suit all pockets ; Solids, from 255.; Cushions, from 355. • and Pneumatics. from 14 10e. ; exceptional bargains; sole agent for the celebrated Bothwell Cycles, ahead of all for speed, lightness, strength. and durability; popular prices; all kinds of machines exchanged.—PARTINGTON, Ward's Buildings, 47, Deanegate, blantheeter, and 114, Bold-street, opposite Savings Bank,

Liverpool.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! THE FINEST VALUE EVER OFFERED. EVERY MACHINE GUARANTEED, DUNLOP PNEUMATIC TYRES, 21.0 10 0 O ci LADE'S OLD ESTABLISHED DEPOT, 73. BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

W. P. & WT. SKELTON, LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEISIARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLES. CYCLES. CYCLES. If you want a real good serviceable mount, buy none but Singer and Co's.. Ltd., for whom we are Sole Agents for War- rington and District, they are light end up-to-date in every detail. Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents for "West's" ROYAL PROGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, Ms. weight. price Ell 108. each, equal to Machines shown In town at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from £7 ICs. All machines guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle LAMPS from Is. 44. each. „ BELLS from 64. each. „ MUD GUARDS from Is. 24. each. SADDLES from 4s. 34. each. „ REPAIRING OUTFITS from 414. each. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by oompetent workmen.

W• P. & W• SKELTON, LTD., H ORS B MA RK ET-STR BR T , WARRINGTON.

" ATTFNTION !"

BOSSE WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY. TRULL

IT lIAS TAKEN 25 YEARS TO BUILD UP OUR REPUTATION. ALSO TRUE.

You may buy Rubbish at Rubbishy Prices, but as you can purchase a RUDGR from £lO Nett. surely it is worth your while to ignore thy many chap and nasty apologies for Cycles now on the market. Buy a RUDGB or WHIT- WORTH. and save the endless sums fr repairs which the purchase of a Cycle (Pi made of gaspipe and bedstead tubing always necessitates, not to mention the risk of life and limbs attendant upon the r der of a crock. Guarantees from many agents and makers are not worth the paper they are written upon, so many people in the Cycle T, lade being here to-day and gone to-morrow. There- fore, get the Guara, tee of the `LARG S & OLDB3r CYCLE FIRM IN THE WORLD,

By Buying BUDGE AND WHITWORTH CYCLES.

Oro-A Discounts for Cash, or on our New Easy Payment System. HEDGE-WHITWORTH, LIMITED.

(Budge Cycle Co., Ltd., and Whitwortla Cycle Co., Ltd.) Work!—COVENTRY and BIRMINGHAM. Turning out Over One Thousand Machines per Week. LIVERPOOL HOUSE-101, BOLD-STREET.

YOU WOULDN'T DAVE TBOUGHT WOULD YOU? It is a simple matter to sell Cycles at 50 per cent, lower than anyone else in Liverpool when your Bent and other erpenses are 50 per cent less.

Direst from our Works, no Agents profits.

As we do not touch" Easy payments," we do not charge an additional percentage on every Machine sod to recoup us for losses sustained by this mode of business.

We Guarantee all Machines 12 months.

PNEUMATICS FROM £7 10s. Od.

LADY'S SAFETIES FROM .C 8 10s. DI. ANDEMS DUNLOP WELCH TYRES .£l7 17s. Od. See our SPECIAL RACER and ROAD RACER built to order, any weight. most up to data Machine on the road.

£lO ilk OD. TO £l2 12s: OD. RECORD CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO''

OLD POST OFFICE PLACB, CHURCH- STREET, LIVERPOOL

LL AND 1311AMONS COACH BUILDHRS.

6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free . The best

work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus . Victories, Wagonettes. and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire.

littrinnerp, srt., on 'alt.

QIX-HOR3B VERTICILL BOILER, working at 601 b S 0 pressure. .£l7. Avery's platform Weighing Machine, £3.-45, LlblltitLK-LaNz, Liverpool.

BANKRUPT STOCK, Thrashinv Machine and Elevator. by Clayton. Two Traction-engines. What offers.—JOHN BKgr. Bingham, Notts.

QT. GBORGWIS IRONWORKS, Lib Stria) (late Ormeroa Grlemon, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue 01 wheel and pullsy patterns on appll- cation.—Telephone 229.

pAT ENT OFF IC7I MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Ileum GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 64. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price ls. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSIi.

BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES. BELL'S PATENT ASBESTOS PACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING. BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS. BELL'S ASBESTOS PAcR.INGS, SHEETINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS. AND

ABRSTRTLINE, Can only be o;rtained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors In the Northern Counties: F. R. P U T Z, 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADR. Deansgate, Manchester. AND P TZ, ICP II 131 Y, A:N D Co., 2. STRAND-EMMEET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses " Asbestos," Manchester ; and " Asbestos,' Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFICRED Br UNSCRUPULOUS DEALIEBA, T 'LICK AND kj . , Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &O. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or

CEMENTED ONLY. / BONA FIDB MANUFACTURERS. 42 , Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 36, Market Street, Manchester. lAuldon. Cardiff. Newport. awl Dubas, LUTlißli WOKIS. LITRICOOL.

, ;

3110tt15, 1/pliroFS, I3oarbing COtabs.

-1111LACKPOOL.—Crescent BOARDING HOUSE, 19 and 20, II Lansdowne Crf scent, Claremont Park.

RAMSEY, ISLB OF MAN. Mona Ville, first-class BO ARD I G BSTABLISHMBNT, facing lea; near pier; tennis courts, golf, ic. Table d' Rote 7. Tariff.

MORECAMBIL—CheerfuI and light; home comforts, with or without board; moderate charges.—Mrs. COULDWELL, 2, Parliament-street, West Bed.

LLANDUDNO. —. Mn.BT, ~ COET The Towers, Trinity Square, excellent Eccoinmodation for visitors.

LWYN BAY.—Pletsant and comfortable APART- DI/MTS.—Mtge DAVIES, Methven, Hawarden-road.

MISS PLIMMER, ydal House, 18, Great Marton-road, Blackpool. near Central Station. Apartments. Piano.

CIOLWYN and NORTH WALES COAST. For Furnished houses to let, apply to P. DEW. Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

SOUTII SHORE, Blaelapool,—Mrs. BRYCE, 45 Woodfield- road ; public and private apartments ; splendid sea view,

QOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS at 58, East Bank-st.. terms moderate. P.ano. three minutes from Chapel-at. otation.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS. Pblic or Private; close sea, station; well recommended; piano.—ATICINSON, 16, Springfield-road.

()LD COLWYN.—Furnished Apartments to let. good sea view, terms moderate.— Apply bliss EDWARDS, Glen Ivor, Abergele-road.

LACKPOOL —Mn. BRIGHT BRICiGS and Miss HAR- 1., WOOD (from !Dsrv.,n). 49, Yorkshlre-street. near the Central Pier. Public and Private Apartments.

DLACKPOOL. North.—First-elaas Apartments rind nished Rooms ; minute from sea.—Mrs. TartusTLE, Mendelessohn Rome. 4. Bruithwitite-street.

00UNTRY LODGINGS. quarter of a mile from Glenmaye Waterfall.—Address, BDWJAID Baix.xx, Gordon House Peel, Isle of Man, Terms Moderate.

DOUGLAS.—MRS. ELLIS, 9, Mona Drive, close to Sea. Trams pass.—Terms : Full board, ss. per day ; Tea,Bed and Breakfast, 3s. 6d.; Beds 2s. per night.

B LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMBNTS, with or .13 wi, bout board ; reasonable charges; plano.—Mßa. BROADBENT, Belmont House. 19. Hull-road.

XTRVIN, N.W.—Well-furnished COTrAGH or APART- -11 MINTS ; charming neighbourhood • sea shore 10 mlnutes.—Apply Miss THosiss, Vron Nevin, N. Vk ales.

BLACKPOOL—Visitors will find comtortable APART- MENTS. with or without beard at Mrs. t. owita's, 14, Crystal-road, South Shore, Public and private apartments. Close to sea. Piano.

frEMPOBARY ENGAGEMENT.— Seaside Useful Help, _IL duties light, no baIary.—MELCHWIT HOUSE, Lytham, Lancashire.

ANTBD, 50 SERVANT, all classes from country : good wages.-62, OLDIIAM-STREKT Over Butter slop) Manchester.

WANTED, ;mod GENERAL SERVANT, not under 18. able to wash.—Apply with references, 31A, Min- CURT OFFICE. St. Helens.

ENIDIAL SELLYANT (good, strong). WANTED, able to 'Jr cook and wash. good character.—Apply Mrs. BRIDGE, Black Bear Bridge, Latchford.

(ZERVANT WANTED an experienced General good refer- ences indispensable, Protestant and Abstainer, Small farnLy.—Apply 84, UPPER WARWICIC-STREST, Liverpool.

WANTED at once, good General SERVANT, Protestant: 18 to 20, for small family, good references required.— Apply 495. WEsT DERBY-ROAD, Tue Brook, Liverpool.

WAND. COOK-GBNBRAL. trustworthy, age not under O. Also young HOUSEMAID.—AppIy Mrs. CHAND- LET, Oakville, Grappenhall-road, Latchford. Warrington.

N‘T ANTED. for the Bth of August, a good Plain COOK- RNBRAL, able to wash and Iron, ego abeut 24, also a Housemaid-Waitress, age about 19, good references re- qulred.—A DON by letter. ME.. BEST, Shawlands, Rochdale.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVB ENGINB BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest Insprovesseate. Irtal putty:au* oft applleattoa.

,T. 7

DRASS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates &o.—CHARLES R. HALL, 53 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

SECONDS EARTHENWARE, Large quantity to dispose of cheap. A. H. Sax/molt, Church-street, Hanley. Staffs,

gio RH SOLD, cheap, mall Milk Float, two hawker's 1. carts; hay cutter; good lathe.—CoLuNs AND BON. Runcorn.

BEST RECIPE (cheapest method) for boiling hams for flavour and freshness. Post free Is.—YEtaeox,Coffee Tavern, Leek.

fi BNUINB RBCIPB for Making Wax Flowers for 2s postal order (not stamps). —L. HALL, Balderton Newark, Notts.

UFACTUR]

tenet. Prints,

1/1 Stuffs, Velvets, Cashmeres, Shirting', &c., bib. bundles, cheap. Price lists free.--W. CLARKSON, Fent Mer- chant, Swaine-st., Bradford, Yorkshire.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
!'HE EXANIINEE, SATURDAY JULY 13, 1895

===== 0002601_18950713_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, 9r.fferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain 011ie. J. ASHWORTH, Buxton, Cborley.

A GENTS WANTED for Jewellery, Cutlery, &c.—Address /-1.. C. H. PARKER, Tindal-et., Haleall Heath, Birming- ham.

WAR MRDALS WANTED, dated 1848 or earlier, sovereign each given, more for rarer varieties.—MaJon Tomas, Droitwich.

ALMANACK Traveller, 1896. Active man (agent) may have commission throughout the whole district. Apply JAMER DILLS a CO., Nottingham.

1 OBACCONISTB commencing, in% Guido (259 pages) 1. 3d.—Tonaccoxliers' Co., 186, Buston-rosel, London. Shoo-fitters for ail trades.— Manager, Hr. MYERS, Bet. 1866;

rllO BE LET, 41, Green-lane, large double-fronted SHOP 1 with Showroom, suitable for any trade; good house part.—Apply 495, WEST DERBY-ROAD, Liverpool.

MACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One enQe guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGIULARITIES in Li hours. HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is Impossible. Seed stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TB,AI MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single case has it ever failed—even In the most longstanding, intricAte, and lingering cases. Post free, under cover, with written guarantee of cure ss. (Ave shillings).—Mrs. W. E. MACKENZIE. Trafford House, 83, Davree-road, Fulham, London. Mention raper.

IM PORTANT,—The whole of the goods advertised be'ow are priced at the lowest possible figure, for prompt cash; if required by deferred payments, 10 per cent must be added.

THE ORBATRST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD. --

COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE.

Lot 1. Splendid House of ;Furniture, complete, the most substantial lot in this city, and containing more for the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant leather, the frames beauti- fully carved in bas relief; has comfortable couch andluxuri- ously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table to match, extends to dine 40, with incised early English legs on patent restore; a handsome Persian boreered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fender,fire brasses and dogs complete; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Notting am lace curtains ; and lav,, whi:h Is thrown in gratis, and is in addi- tion to what any competitor could do, simply for an adver- tisement, a handsome American walnut sideboard, in the Renaissance style to match the dining-roome suite. The Bedroom Suite is solid Cyprus wood and is a suite which can be highly recommended, guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in some establishments as much as we ask for the who.e of this Muse of furniture; a handsome solid brass and ca • elled bedstead, with complete fittings of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accesaories for bedroom—carpets, curtains, fender, chamber ware, Sm. Also Kitchell Furni- ture, consisting of the usual chairs. li,avy white top table, , fender, ashcan. and top bar, floorelmh or kitchen, landing. and hall. I will wick and deliver the lot for gli guineas, 10 per cent, extra if by deferri d payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition ; if you approve buy, if you don't there Is no, berm done. —WOR81.141"8.

I A DISASTROUS UNHAPPY MARIIIAGR.—WORSLRY offers a grand opportuntty in a complete House ot Furniture, just purchased in consequence of a disastrous marriage resulting in separation. The whole of the furniture was made to order, and is in splendid condition. Briefly described it consists of a fine sett of Dining-room eurniture, having a magnificent sideboard, modern in style, handsomely carved in has relief; a suite of couch. two easy chairs and six padded back single chairs upholstered in morocco, a massive diningtable, telescopic extension, a substantial overrnantel to match, and a coal cabinet, the whole being in brown oak ; also solid brass fender, dogs, and brasses. The Drawing-room is high-class Chippendale Furniture, contains a very pretty cabinet, a settee, two elegant easy chairs and several occas- ional chairs, a match overmantel, three occasional tables, coal cabinet tmrl a massive solid brass fender, dogs, and fire- brasses. The Best Bedroom has a magnificent satinwood suite, wardrobe with bevelled plate-glass centre door,dressing table, washstand, table de nuit, three chairs and towel alter, a massive brass and enamelled Persian bedstead, with spring and new hair mattresses ; besides sundries. The ziecond Bed- 'room consists just the same articles, but is furnished in American walnut. The Hall has a splendid hatstand and hall chair. The Kitchen contains the usual requisites. The whole forme a compact, substantial, handsome house of furniture, space preventing anything like an adequate dee- m iption. The price for the lot is 2122105. A lull list, con- taining every item, will be sent post fre-.. The lot will be stored tree until required upon payment of 5 p,r cent deposit. Delivered free.—WORBLEY'S, Haythorn.

COMPLETE HOUSII for £250. This hi a special bargain, but would take too much space to d,scribe. It is suitable for a semi-detached house, con- taining dining, drawing, and three bed rooms, servants' rooms, sitting-room, kitchen, hall furniture, dtc., carpets, oil- cloths, iinoleume; in fact, every requisite. Pull particulars on applieat len .—W ORS LEY'S.

IT H. WORSI,HT, sole proprietor, The Pantheon; VV • Oaythorn, Manchester, C 10903 to Central Station. Rstabllshe,i 1841. All City-row. or VA MI the door, id. In or out. Inapection invited.

- SI

RUNCORN, CHESB IRE. VALUABLE GROUND RENTS, BUILDING LAND msscl COTTAGES in RUNCORN and HALTON, CHESHIII2., with frontages tothe Man heater Ship Canal. By Order of Wright's Trustees. To wind up an trust in consequence of the death of Mt s. E. A. KlRxmAa.. MO BE SOLD B't AUCTION BY MESSRS. 1 WILLIAM WILSON 33' SON, at WILSON'S HOTEL, RUNCORN, in the County of Chester, on WEDNBSDAY,the 31ST DAY of JULY. 1895, at 4 o'clock prompt. in the after- noon, subject to the general conditions of bale of the Man- chester Incorporated Law Association and to Special condi- tions, the following properties Lo r I.—A YEARLY GROUND RENT of £5 Sc. reserved out of 436 6-9 square yards of land, and 4 dwelling-houses thereon, Was. 48 to 54, Bold-street, Bridge-street, Runcorn. LOT 2.—A YlfAttLY GROUND RENT of £9Ba. 3d. reserved out of 753 square yards of land and 9 dwelling-houses thereon, Nos. 21 to 27, btanley-street, and 1 to 9, Fisher-street, Irwell-lane, Runcorn.

LOT 3. A YEARLY GROUND RENT of £lO 17s. 6d. reserved out of 870 square yards of land, and eight dwelling- houses thereon numbered 29 to 43, Stanley. et., aforesaid. Lox 4. A YEARLY GROUND RENT of £lO Bs. 10d. reserved out of 626 69 square yards of land, and five dwell- ing-houses thereon numbered 41 to 49. Irwell-lane, Runcorn. LOT 5. AYo A hLY GROUND RENT of £9 ils. 6d. reserved out of 766 square yards of land, and eight dwelling-houses thereon numbered 17 to 31, Parker-st , Bold-st., Runcorn. LOT 6. A YEARLY GROUND R i.NI' of £6 15s, refs, rved out of 540 2-9 square yards of land, and six dwelling-houses thereon numbered 18 to 28 Parke,•st., aforesaid. LOT 7. A YEARLY GROUND RENT of £2 Bs. Bd. reserved out of 1941 square yards of land, and two dwelling-houses thereon numbered 39 and 32 Parker-*t., aforesaid. LOT 8. A YEARLY GROUND RENT of 4'5 4s. reservsd out of 416 square yards of land, and five dwelling-houses thereon numbered 6 to 14. Bo:d-st., aforesaid. LOT 9. A PLOT OP BUILDING LAND containing 1,253 3-9 squ ,re yards or thereabouts, sitnate near the lower end of Irwell-lane, Runcorn, and fronting to Fisher-st., and a 10 yards intended street dividing such lot from the property of the Manchester Ship Canal 00111011111,. LOT 10. A PLOT of BUILDING LAND containing 1,328 8-9 square yards, fronting to Irwell-lane, and tc the said 10 yards wide street. LOT 11.—A PLOT of BUILDING LAND containing 753 square yards, fronting to Stanley-st. and Fisher-st., Irwell- lane, Runcorn.

LOT 12.—A PLOT of BUILDING LAND containing 905 6-9 square yards. fronting to Fisher-st. and Stanley-st.,atoresaid. LOT 13. TWO LIWELLING-HOUt.,ES with Outbuildings and Vacant Land in rwell-lane, Runcorn, on the westerly side thereof, and op mite to Grosvenor-st. The site of this Lot contains 1,646 6-9 square yards. LOT 14.--TWO DWRLLING-HOUSRS with Outbuildings, Schoolroom, Yard, and Gardens fronting to and on the westerly side of Irwell-lane, and opposite to Norfolk-street. The site of this Lot contains 1.122 6-9 square yards LOT 15.—A PLOT of BUILDING LAND containing 883 1-9 square yards situate behind Lot 14, and fronting to Parker- et. and Fisher-st.

LOT 16.—A PLOT of BUILDING L AND containing 520 6-9 square yards. opposite to Lot 15, and fronting to Fisher-st. Lor 17.—A PLOT of I3UILDINU LAND containing 438 6-9 square yards adj, ining to Lot 16. LOT 18.—The DWELLING-HOUSE with YARD and OUT- BUILDINGS, No. 40, lrwell-lane, occupied by Miss Warner at a rent of £l4. This lot contains 126 square yards and is leasehold for 999 years subject to ft ground rent of £1 16s. Bd. and to the Lessees Covenant in the Lease thereof from the Mersey and Irwell Navigation Company, dated let January. 1853. _

Lox 19.—A PLOT of LAND CONTAINING 2a, 3r. 33p. or thereabouts situate near Highfield House, at Highfieid. near Runcorn, having a southerly frontage of about 76 yards to the road from Runcorn to Hightleld called Highfiebi-road, and fronting on the three other sides to land of the Bridgewater Trustees of Messrs. Green°Hand of Meatus. John and William Bight 's Trustees. LOT 20.—A PLOT of LAND at HIGHFIELD containing sa. 3r. 27ip. or thereabouts situate partly behind Highfield House but haying a frontage of about 65 yards to Highfield- road and extending northerly to the Manchester Ship Canal with a frontage of about 77 yards thereto bounded on the westerly sties by land of the Bridgwater Trustees and land of Messrs. Greenall, and on the eatnerly side partly by land of the Bridgewater I rustees and partly uy land of the flightleld Tanninz Company, Limited. LOT 21.—A PLOT of LAND containing 4a. 2r 18p. or there- about also equate at Highfield haring a southerly frontage of about 54 yards to Highfl Id-road and a northerly frontage of about 51 yards to the Ship Canal bounded westwardly by the property of the Australian Alum Company, Limited, and eastwardly partly by land oil Si, Richard Brook and partly by laud of the Bridgewater Trustees -

- LOT 22.—A PLZT of LAND, containing 3 roods 28 perches. situate near to lot 21, being divided therefrom by land of the Bridgewater Trustees bounded on the northerly side by land of Sir Richard Brook, and on the easterly. southerly, and westerly sides by land of the Bridgewater trustees, together with a right of rood over the occupation road Connecting this lot with ighlield-road. _

Lova 20 AND 21, will be sold with the benefit of the pro- visions for the benefit of Mm Kirkman's Trustees, contained In the Manchester Ship Cana) Act 1893, and the Man hester Ship Canal Ac', 1885, under which those lots are declared to be land abuttinz on the Canal, with consequent rights as to making lay-nyes,private Wharves,anci other conveniences free of Wharfage rat' s.

LOT 23.—F011a COTTAGES with GARDENS, No. 95 to 101 Halton-road, Runcorn, situate in front of the lfalton-road Old Tannery. 7'1318 lot contains eleven and a half perches, is leasehold for 999 years, but free from ground rent. LOT 24.—T HE ttE COTTAGES. No. 1 3, to 107 Halton-road, aforesall with a plot of land behind the same extending to the Bridgewater Canal, and occupied as Gardeos to the Cot- tages. This lot contains 1 rood. 9 perches, or thereabouts and is bounded on part of the westerly side, by lot 23, and in the remaining pert by the Halton-road Old Tannery. LOT 25.—TWENTY-TH REE t..OITAGES Nos. 49. Canal- ',tree t,and 2 to 44, inclusive in Norton-street,RMlCOrn aforesaid with Gardens thereto, together with a plot of land containing al out 3 roods. situate behind the Cottages and bounded wftt- dly In part by property of Mr. William Park, and the re- maining part by property of the Executors of W. Eigby,north- werdly by land cd the Bridgewater Trustees and eastwardly by land ot t 1 e Trustee of Jsmes Patterson.

- - All the above lots are treehold 3sceept lots 18 and 23, and are free from chief rents.

For Fuither Particulars and Plans apply to Mr. WILLIAM FISHER. The Nook. Higher Rune rn:to the AUCHONEERS. 29,Fountain-street, or to Mssrs. TAYLOR, KIRKMAN, and (JOLLEY, Bolicitors, 8, John Dalton-etreet, Mancbester.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. UNDERTAKE PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PAINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS. PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCF, OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MALUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR RANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR ALL. PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES,

PRIMING NOR I3UILDING SOCIETIES, THE "EXAMINER" WORKS, BEWEIRT STRIIET

“EXAMLN-El? ” STEAM PRINTING WORKS BRWSBY BURK. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Xibt=torit, &r.

J. TEMPERLEY MUSIC SRL ER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, ITIOLINS, &c. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stook. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Rand and Pianists. PIANO. on HIM mad on IILUS-PUBOHA3I.

manta.

CINDERS may be had at the Examiner Office. Warrington. 3d. per load given for carting.

.00D EAr&NINS AT HOME, by the Harrison Knitting Machinea.-48, TIPPER BROOK-STREET, Manchester.

I lONFECTIONARY.—WANTBD immediatlately, two APPREN,TICES.—AppIy Miss Lomax (late Slater). 3, Lune-street, Preston.

Co be let.

1.-A pply

LET.—Good WORKSHOP, Orford-it.—Apply Mira> 1 and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-at., Warrinzton.

MO LET.—Good HOUSE. 37, liopwood-street, 3 bedoooms I Apply ASHTON and WOODS, solicitor, Horsemarket-st. Warrington.

A HOUSE to BB LET, Leigh Villas, Knutsford-coed, LA Grappenhell, four bedrooms, rent £l7,—Apply JAMES A.BALIMIED, Lelh Villas, Grappenhall.

rpo COUNTRY BUYERS.—The enormous patronage en- _L joyed by Worelev's from customers all over Lanc,alaire, Yorkshire, Cheshire, the Potteries. all over the North, The Midla -ids, and Wales, will prove how much is the saving effected by purchasing at Worsley's. In future carriage will be paid on all enders over £2O to any part of England and Wales. It is only fair to say that better value could not be obtained than Worsley's New Goods and the Second-hand Furniture simply bewilders and demoralises competition. Never mind what distance 3ou live from Manchester, it will pay you to visit Worsley's ; you will save quite 50 per cent.

lAUTION —Beware of buying new London jerrybuilt fur- niture, no matter how low the price is— it is dear at any price. Worsley's have second-hand reliable furniture by good makers, which will last for ages. There is no disputing the fact that high-class second-band furniture is better than new. The only fault is that sometimes the article is old- fashioned. This is easily remedied at Worsley's, they having over 50 cabinet makers at work modernising Fecond-hand fur- niture when necessary. For instance, second-hand side- boards are easily modernised by having the backs raised, the plates bevelled, and the panels carved. You never need fear cracking, blistering, grub eaten, or moth eaten furniture at Worsley's. Second-hand furniture Is not troubled with these complaints. They give a written warranty for 10 years with all furnishhing orders.

VEW FURNITURE.—AII Worsley's new furuitore is their A. own make. Of course it is obviously impossible to sup- ply every requirement second-hand. Worsiey s have, there- fore, erected a Cabinet Works in City-road, with an immense stock of seasoned timber for the production of reliable furni- ture. Every item in the Bedding Department is new, gu iron- teed pure, under minute inspection.

COMPLETH FURNISHING ORDRES.—Worsley's cater specially for Complete Furnishing Orders, supply estimates free, ani believe in the equity of supplying com- plete orders at a less ratioof prat than single articles.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
TllE_ EX A M INER•

3ATURDAY-,:i1;171r 73; -1-895.

_ „0601 : Mintz is no piece of Prer .85 the Tory Misrepre- fr ri sentation. legislation upon ir% i h their unequalled' hafavceultmy"fOr unscruipteoulrYrlougebs:llso: pwkreosehnatvaetionnoeittnilittashbtnaeeurntdhie Local Control Bill' bett:ler . known as suenlvdeesrstaanred .for their edLocalindirect hl directly ' Vt soe:itugbd:t fill ne4to speakers and in Tory literature that the 111°3tge closingos ufdtdhrefnVaemdef etileopilerißsi veioatiorl lt: nearlywill m ea alln ptuhheli o.a 'bine uo sete r al ne eu,--Atilli e their f means B u m b oe thneior any. compensation whatever. There can 10 11„t.. in the minds ofithose who are in the habit that political. meetings at the present a this outrageous misrepresentation jog-men, with the inevitable frlieisyseliphuoboldicawnist;bott objects. of the Veto Bill has been inaustriouslY won.a . tilled into the minds of a large number ef been amount of undeserved prejudice os: moon created against the Liberal part!. Mr. j:his RL EY who is now energetically Pars';l:iii vt' candidature in his huge constituency4.B,o' castle-upon-Tyno with its thirty thousand ro as evidently been impressed with the otent 1 result that which the misrepresentation has gained eerferiade : and on Wednesday he devoted an admirable eiliv dress to explaining what the Local Veto, ri.tio is. People who use their own judgment ll P9:l4.his as or ri liltnodoettehhereonr wet th api nrge propose singleedeoe ntpoouteblnol ieeceeadne tsoionbugetl 0 too 1:b it; : g..oe. . Op blic-11°13' As a matter of fact, it is,to state an extrenle quite within the range of possibility that thhe might be passed through Parliament ananlig-t- s , on the statute book for twenty yeans withfit- is single public-house being closed. Its ca/Pc. I e alter till@ not to close public-houses but sim ly to . methods by which public: Phouses are closed st t.ts present time. it is a democratic measurer alidAtltr essential principle is an extension of self-81100 ment. At the present time magistrateS Can, deed public-houses without compensation,. andifoat they cannot give compensation if they " Weirliu..fter power of closing has been exercised time try, time by magistrates in all parts of the c°llllrban There are other persons still less responsible 0. ! magistrates who can at the present time elf° P . csl:l' lie-houses when they .ire so minded, an v/ ho 7-n to not be compelled to pay compeasat'°Targe the dispossessed publican. These are the no , landowners. There are, we believe, a few instal-0a 'in which the Owners of extensive tracts- have closed all or nearly all the public-houWech their estates, and Mr. MORLEY in his elle„on mentioned one property in Northumberland 11,-00 which no licensed house was allowed to esist' fore, thereabio opponents of the Local Control Bill are; net fighting against the principle of closia is alre;01 houses without compensation. That admitted and has been in full operation for nht.., years. The question is then, what are theY "sod log against ? Why do they so. dosperatelf nto persistently oppose the Local Control Bill ? p". 050 answer is clear and indisputable. TheY °P,i. of the Bill because it proposes to take the closing public-houses away from such conir.,,d tively irresponsible authorities as magiBtrateB;of laud-owners, and to confer it upon the vtories the people. Here again as iii. the past the •te e` are throwing the whole of their energies Ili e od I struggle on behalf of the priv . favoured classes and against the sPeseot ileges Of arl/5 read of democratic government. The Pr,carg system of licensing tells with Psrtilatio I force against the working-class PO° esr 11 of the country. In his speecb, Mr. Mono° his nand ,1 mented upon the fact that in going r— „,0 je constituency he had noticed no public 1101*-orts the fashionable quarters while in the poorer Yr, they were were super-abundant. It is the 80°1 ,rte most very other town as in Newcatittetsha Ø. 'wealthier districts already, in effect, eniPY tit is vantages of local option fr.ini the fact the from these districts that the magistrates:o7o. present control the licensing system ere, ice es The poorer and more crowded centre 0i p 1 such advantages and public-houses are In viishea in their midst with an utter disregard of ill the swot 1 DI the inhabitants. The Local Control B sgbeia which so much that is false is tbo. injustice. It will give the working ea'bov,, urged at this election will ren'e4l/ ~..seea- n equal voice with those who are L coy them in the social scale in a ranger wh1e',..69. of materially concerns the comfort and hart:o4o their every-day life. The Bill if passea _,1,0 00 would not close one public-house or dcP

•

AidA

'Publican of his living. That is a counterfeit which should be nailed to the counter and discredited Wherever any attempt is made to give it currency. There will be •no public-house closed under the Bill except where a majority—a two-thirds majority—of the inhabitants say that it must be slosed. That two-thirds majority will take the Place of a small bench of magistrates, and surely no one who has any belief in th 3 principle of self- .government will deny that the change would be or the better and not for the worse.

TuERE can be no doubt as to the The Issue. main issues that are being fought

out at the present General Elec- lian• Mr. GLADSTONE has now finally retired from parliament into private life, but he has .pro- ✓ided the Liberal party with a battle-cry which s as clear and spirit-stirring as any that has ever ani- mated a political party on the eve of a great na- tienal conflict .It is in these words that he addresses the electors of the country through the medium Of the press :—" Above all present purposes vindi- r4te the rights of the House of Commons as the Nail of the nation • and establish o the honour f Ragland, as well as consolidate the strength empire, by conceding the just and constit tional claims of Ireland." In this concise and Pregnant fam message Mr. GLADSTONE renews his °us declaration against the House of Lards awl reiterates the necessity for a reform of Irish geverament. He gives the pronouncement against the hereditary chamber the first place as ellstici"btedly it needs the most immediate and —aceatrated attention. It is in fact not too ach to say that things have now reached a pass in regard to the relative claims of the tli°llse °I Commons and the Hottso of Lords the; e. 36 vindication of "the rights of the House o 41,ra(ms "tO is an absolutely necessary preliminary all other reforms, Home Rule included. The tiTitical history of the last two or three years has Rade it unmistakeably plain that so long as the lrause of Lords retains its present powers and .orol/ uses them to revise the work of the House is .°4llll°Ls the passing of progressive legislation "a almost hopeless task. It is a favourite as- cn Tory platforms that a quarrel is being • _-"ed with the House of Lords for election pur- i-l'ea,but the absurdity of that assertion is shown /recent events in the political world. So far /Lna the Liberals having sought the quarrel it has forced - upon them, and not a few of the lead- lei4thrabers of tho party have entered into it fro:, lalfeigned reluctance. The alternatives in ra.--?°! them were clear and unmistakeable. They either consent to Liberalism even when in a Maiority in the louse of Commons being to a state of utter impotency in thgard to all legislation that is not acceptable to thee R„ °use of Lords, or they must declare against "arestricted use of the veto and leave the 43:itiltry to decide the issue which is thereby placed gt :3,r,e it. There was practically no choice at all, or events, it was a choice for the Liberal party totZeea war against the hereditary chamber and -tki.at annihilation as an effective party in the State. is clniirallY, the Liberal Party decided that when it antitainant in the country it must also be domin- l• 'arliament. That there is an intention and Part of the Unionist leaders to humiliate the R'ePress the House of Commons and to elevate What-°llae of Lords is evident from their speeches, for instance, did Mr. CIIIMBERLAIN when he said on Saturday night, e object of the Liberals is to make that chance ority in the House of Commons, which may ei,:oir from week to week and from day to day, titelY supreme in this country, and to create thar:v tyranny which would be more oppressive itnY tyranny that has ever existed in this before." The tyranny of the House of 1111:11halcitici the representatives of the people! That Regtiat 14r. CHAMBERLAIN, the afoNtiine dema- of Birmingham, warns the people of the 110nPagainst,and he by implication holds up the tYt:e °I Lords as our protectors against this late-illnaY• Lord SALISBURY in the only speech he ketql-ade in the nature of a manifesto is still more 0014 atie in his depreciation of the House of ottlyraria• The House of Lords, he tells us, is the the, 'cuetion we have against the autocracy of °llse of Commons. In other words in Lord Opinion it is the duty of the 500 - fraetr ra of the House of Lords to check and tb'ate the legislation of the 600 or 700 members Ntiirr,"" House of Commons who have been ted hi by a direct th popular vote. If language of 4 d 4'o iithr,"maPiracy that is being hatched against the 4tki;ritYef the House of Commons, which,as Mr. the nsT°l"T says, is the " organ of the nation e2.44-jea°,l)le of Great Britain must have become 141:11. ,:137 indifferent to the reputation of the ‘llls;ies;-atatiVe Chamber through which all their "ave been secured and safeguarded. It tieti ll- thW at all events become clear beyond ques- ft, i eitr. ""° main issue before the electors s the "of the rights of the House of Corn- iii,' id the electors cannot escape the duty of ating those rights even if they would. lu Ip. a, the constituency of Stretford is an and the desirability of having one bi-e ."te iBut forth very distinctly. In this kNeret:evateY there are no fewer than 6,000 out r• 'lc override the voices of the inhabitants. iti,"loo 4,11,11,2, who represents Stretford had over th.%:"itY at the last election, but if it were not out voters the majority would just be as the other way. tit IRe Nit,Ynne rfoulkes has some very pronounced thr"leregard to the oath, as witness his action itt°lll.? el. Years ego, at the time the Oaths Bill uotcree. lie again came out pretty strongly el,",elltb,..`ltitY Court last week, and the cause ot b:b4, was a very simple matter. A great 'people dislike the operation of kissing a Which • or has been applied unnumerable times to elk all manner of people, and still they do p;hrtiii/14;' have to submit to the prominence of ti,:`,4111t4. 'riles' accordingly open the testament lug the oath administered, so as to bring contact with the comparatively clean 'ead of the unprepossessing cover. Judge Owil ever -ever,on this occasion denied a witness Rttgl,eiciiei and directed him to take the oath on U' Witness had,therefore,to take the oath th:itirii 1111" and conform with the judges desires ,tl't ElN:4setted that some people had the idea tit% hpoltj, Could not commit perjury if they opened itil:cl;,lkttinbat it is doubtful whether one in a hun- -4,-443, Yea this notion. It is, we should say, for gtoreasons almost solely that they open the 1,11 ot for any ulterior object. birroe " to Blackpool had a splendid day on vth everyboly was delighted wit h th tlot‘ll."khd' were Much more fortunate than those hre at home or went to Wales,for the weather totttllat cti,4114 , there was showery. It is surpris- "c"ll3ll so many thousands left Warring- th7t • did not appear in the A is a striking evidence "getting on," and that it population.

th%

tilmt ths)°Plll„Ye'd the town tu4 milzil°o4,lold.toar (kilt resernveisoi

•

4ft

As the election proceeds there is a brighter pros- pect of a heavy labour poll in favour of Liberal candidates. Apart from the members of the Inde- pendent Labour Party who declare that they will vote for neither Liberal nor Tory, the trades' unions and other labour combinations are rallying to the side of the Liberals in an enthusiastic fashion. They find that they have nothing to expect from Lord Salisbury and the Duke of Devonshire, the guiding spirits of the new government, while they are encouraged by the record of the late Liberal Government. To the colliers Mr. Thomas Ashton the General Secretary of the Miners' Federation, writes" Linust call your attention to the resolution passed at the annual conference of the Federation lin January last, that we support those candidates. only who will vote for the will in its entirety, through all its stages in the House of Commons. The Eight Hours Bill must extend its operations as far as the Mines' Regulation Act. No local option No district to be exempt from the Bill. No handi- capping. All collieries to work the same time. Eight hours from bank to bank. Let us enter into this contest with an earnest determination to win and we shall succeed."

There are now the most unmistakeable signs that as one writer puts it, a " dry rot" has set in amongst the Liberal Unionists. Those Liberal Unionists who were not downright Tories to com- mence with, now feel that they have been betrayed and deluded by the leaders who have clambered into office in a Tory Government over their backs. They now find that they are expected to back up Toryism pure and simple, not only in regard to Ire- land but " all round," and this is what those of them who have any vestiges of Liberalism in their composition cannot stomach. Hence the rapid series of conversions—or is it reversions P—to Liberalism of prominent Unionists in different parts of the country.

We should think that there are few Irishmen who can be in any doubt as to wl4ich party is most entitled to their votes, but those who are should take note of the manifesto issued to the Irish Nationalists of Great Britain by the Irish National League. In this spirited document Irishmen are told that" What a Tory Government would do for the redress of our grievances and other inequalities, both political and religious, they had seen at the very moment of their attainment to power. The Bill which would have enfranchised many thousands of Catholic people in Ireland had been rejected by the Lords, and no Popery and Orange ascendency in Ireland had had yet another trivaiph." The Nationalists are therefore asked "to return to power the Liberal party, the party of Home Rule, which had never yet taken up any great cause without ultimately carrying it to vic- tory."

There can be no disputing the fact that Mr. Moon is making a splendid fight for the Newton division. The constituency has never, we should think since it was formed, been canvassed and worked so thoroughly on behalf of the Liberal candidate as it is being this time. What is more, the canvassers' reports are, even from the districts considered to be the most hopelessly Tory, dis- tinctly encouraging. TOere has undoubtedly been apolitical awakening amongst the working people of the constituency, a fact which is no doubt argely due to the operations of the Parish Coun- cils Bill. The voters have begun to realise the utter barrenness of Mr. Legh's Toryism—and Mr Legh's Toryism is a barren sort—and they will no doubt act accordingly.

It appears from what Mr. Moon said at Padgate on Wednesday that the word " reform " has dropped by some accident or other into Mr. Legh's address. Mr. Legh has expressed himself in favour of "tem- perance reform " but it is said that when he was asked at a meeting what he meant by "temperance reform" he cogitated for a time and then declared that he must defer his answer till another occasion. Well, now, that is exactly what might have been expected from Mr. Legh under the circumstances' When that other occasion comes the answer will be in the highest degree interesting. One feels posi- tively eager to hear what Mr. Legh considers to be temperance reform.

°*tion

'414., t 01) 0 4titll Ott'. ebey 41)01it k.‘ :I.lqt 'eTta ,

1

===== 0002601_18950713_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIBERAL RECORD. TWENTY THINGS DONE.

Since the Liberals came into power in 1892 they have 1. Carried through the House of Commons a just and generous measure of Home Rule for Ireland which would be jaw to-day but for a few hundred Unionist peers. _ . . . .

2. Passed-two Parish Council Acts, giving to the people of our villages in England and Scotland the right to manage their own affairs, and placing on a popular basis all over England the election of Poor-law Guar- dians.

3. Carried through the House of Commons the Em- ployers' Liability Bill, but the House of Lords insisted on allowing "contracting out," so that the Bill, which was thus made worthless, had to be withdrawn. 4. Passed an Act to regulate the Hours of Railway Servants, which has bettered the condition of thousands' of railway men. 5. Passed an Act to provide for the Educationof Blind and Deaf Children. 6. Passed an Act to increase the sums allowed as de- posit in the Post Office Savings Bank. 7. Pas ed the Budget of 1894, in which it was laid down for the first time that extra taxation ought to be borne by those who can best afford to pay. 8. Passed the Equalisation of Rates (London) Act, by which the poorer London districts are relieved of rating at the expense of the richer, which have hitherto escaped their fair share of payment. 9. Passed an Act compelling employers to notify accidents.

10. Passed an Act giving increased protectioa to shareholders in Building Societies against fraud. 11. Passed an Act to make additionally safe the lives and limbs of those working in quarries. 12. Insisted that every child whose parents asked for it shall have Free Education, and that school build- ings shall be healthy, of sufficient size, properly drained, _ . _

13. Appointed a number of practical workine,-men to be Assistant Factory Inspectors, and for the first time appointed Women Inspectors for the occupations in which women are engaeed. 14. Made inquiry into dangerous and unhealthy trades, so that rules may be formed to protect the workers. .

15. Increased the wages of workmen employed by the Government by £30,000 a year ; reduced the hours of labour to eight hours a day for every man and boy em- ployed in the factories and workshops of the War Office, Post Office, and in the dockyards ; and given Trades Union wages and Trade Union hours to the workmen at South Kensington and Bethnal-green. 16. Created a tabour Department of the Board of Trade with a monthly " Labour Gazette," giving full in- formation on the state of employment in the United Kingdom ; and assisted with the help of Lord Rosebery and the Labour Department, in settling the great coal dispute of 1893, and the great 13oot dispute in 1895 17. App -anted a number of Working men Magistrates in the Boroughs,and commenced to deal with the County Benches. 18. Increased the facilities, for investing and with- drawing money from the 13:-ist Office Savings Bank, and for transmitting seamen's Wages, extending the system to foreign parts. , 19. Abolished the rule forbidding Government employiSs to join trades unions. 20. Appointed Royal Commissiens to inquire into Agricultural Depression and the coadition of the Aged Poor.

THE LIRERAL PROGRAMME. TWENTY THINGS TO BS DONE. 1. To secure the passing into law of the some Rule Bills 2. To secure the passing into law of the Employers' Liability Rill. [Nese two Bills were bet through the action of the Lords.] 3. To Disestablish and Disendow the Church •ot England in Wales, and also the EStablished Church in Scotland. 4. To amend the Land Laws of Ireland so as to give additional security to the tenant for his own improve. ments, and to make proviirion for the reinstatement of Evicted Tenants. 5. To amend the Law of Registration, so that every man who is entitled shall have a vote, to secure " One Man One Vote," audd.fotold all Elections on one and the same day.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18950713_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, JULY 13 1895

6. To put the Liqu-‘r traffic under popular control. 7. To extend the benes. ts of the Factory Acts, so as to put a stop finally 0 all ti.ng, s. and to make addition- ally safe the lives and limbs workers in Factories and ewes.' es. Workshops. 8. To place all public Elements Schaaf Under popular control. 9. To tax Ground Rents and Land Values, Mining Royalties, &c. 10. To make the R4turning Officers' expenses in Par- liamentary elections a public charge, to recognise the principle of Payment of Members as the only means of securing representation of Labour in the House of Com- mons, and to shorten the duration of Parliaments. 11. To take steps to equalise the Rates between Owner and Occupier. 12. To secure compensation to town and country tenants for disturbances and improvements, with a simpler process of getting it. 13. To reform the Land Laws as they affect town and country. 14. To reform the Municipal Government of London, bringing the City under the County Council, and giving greatly increased powers to the County Council. . 15. To abolish the qualification for the County Magi- stracy in England and Wales. 16. To amend the Law of Conspiracy. 17. To provide for Courts of Conciliation and Arbi- tration to settle trade disputes. 18. To provide Light Railways for county districts, so that agricultural produce may be conveyed to the towns at cheaper rates. 19. To secure the Free Breakfast Table ; and 20. To take such steps as will prevent the House of Lords from exercising a Veto on the Will of the House of Commons.

power with the richest man in the district in the man- ) agemeat of their local affairs had raised them in their • own self-esteem and made them proud to be citizens. I (Cheers.) They were promised by the Unionists a Gov- ernment of social reform, but what had they had at the bands of the late Government but social reform ? (Cheers.) Was not the Local Government Act social re- form P Was not the regulation of the hours of railway. servants social reform? Was not the Factories Act social reform? Was not security for market gardeners social reform? The late Government promised an Employers' Liability Bill ; and a Local Control of the Liquor Traffic Bill. Were not those social reforms? Could they imagine a more hopeful social reform than the administration, regulation, and control of the trade by the veto of the people, instead of irresponsible magistrates P They bad also a bill for the salvation of the evicted tenants of Ireland—was not that again social reform P Then they had Mr. George Lambert's Land Tenure Bill to give security to English farmers which passed the House of Commons but got no furthee. They promised social reform in the future. (Cheers). But what did Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, when speaking the other day at Bristol, say about the Unionist policy ? —"What was to be the policy of the Unionist party ? He must not go too far as to that "—(laughter)—" but of this he could assure them, that their policy would be exactly opposite to that of their predecessors ! " (Laughter.) They knew what the policy of their pre- decessors had been. Sir William Harcourt had to pro- vide for enormous expenditure by the Government, and his bearers knew how that expenditure was provided for. For the first time in the history of this country it was provided for by a process which taxed the rich and relieved the poor. (Applause.) But Sir Michael Hicks- Beach told them that the Unionist policy was to be ' exactly opposite. They were going to tax the poor instead of the rich. That was a serious matter. They might depend upon it that those words of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, though they might sound somewhat jocular, had a very serious meaning behind ' them. The Unionist policy would, in most particulars, I be the exact opposite to that of the late Government. It I always was the case. The leopard could not change his 4 spots or the Ethiopian his skin. The farmers were to I have no security, employers were to be permitted to screw their men into contracting out of compensation for accidents, the Welsh farmers were to continue to pay ' tithes to a church they never went to, and the owners ' of personal property are to be made to pay more in order 4 that the great landowners, the great brewers, and the great alkali makers too—(laughter)—might pay less. Let them be careful that they did not return a Tory I majority, because if they did they might depend upon it I that tho great landowners, big brewers,and the wealthy I men generally, would pay them back for what Sir Wm. 1 Harcourt did last year. A coinblaint had been made 4 that the late Government had been pampering the I working classes. He contended that it had been a I Government of fair play :all round. Complaints had ; also been made that the working classes had been too grasping in their demands, and too exclusively selfish ia 1 the consideration of their own interests, but when they could match ameng the working-classes the selfishness 1 of the House of Lards—(cheers)--he would believe that accusation. The Government that he was proud to serve was defeated by a back-door majority. He did not , watch the operation himself but he was told that a con- ' 1 siderable number got into the House of Commons by an , ' unusual way where there were no Government whips to , watch them. He considered that was a bad beginning for a new Government, and if the business of the coun- try was to be carried on in that petty, malignant spirit, they would be far from being proud of it. (Applause.) ; He had been proud to represent the Northwich consti- tuency. There was ns constituency that he knew of that he would rather represent. (Hear, hear.) He was proud of its Liberalism and of the enterprise and public spirit shown in the management of local affairs in the various towns in the division. He referred to the chief , institutions under public management in the several 1 towns, and in speaking of Runcorn,after mentioning the Free Library, he said it had set an example in sanitation 1 and had greatly diminished the InJrtality in con- sequence of the great careand pains that had been taken. I Runcorn had also recently purchased the water works. He could tell them that no man was prouder of his con- stituency than he who had been their member for the last ten years. (Applause.) Referring to his address to the electors he said he had put his whole heart into it, and he trusted that when it reached their homes it would reach their hearts too. (Loud applause.) Sir John Brunner afterwards proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Speakman and Mr. Bratt (the chairman of the Liberal Council, and the Chairman of the • Executive) for their services, and in doing so, paid a trihute to their labours in the Liberal cause in the divi- sion.—Mr. A. Fletcher seconded the resolution, which on being put to the meeting was carried with acclamation. —Mr. Speakman responded and the meeting then ' terminated.

PUBLIC MEETING AT NORTHWICII. On Tuesday evening a crowded and enthusiastic meeting was held at Northwichin support of Sir John Brunner's candidature. A vote of confidence in Sir John was passed on the motion of Dr. Bowman, seconded by Mr. Parker Lowe.—Sir John Brunner, referring to his active support of the Compensation Act and the re- formation of the River Weaver Trust, said he appeared before them in a spirit of cheerful satisfaction, and therefore he began the contest in a spirit of high good humour. He declared himself as gmd a Home Ruler as ever, and his views had become broader and more com- prehensive. Instead of claiming Home Rule for Ireland, lie would claim Horne Rule for Scotland, Wales, and, not the least, for England. (Cheers.) He recognised that there were matters upon which their views were not identical. hut these were dealt with in the bill before the House of Commons. He was satisfied that that system of Home Rule was the sound and true one which pro- vided that in matters cbncerning individual action alone each nation should be supreme within its own sphere. (Cheers ) Speakinz in favour of local control of the liquor traffic, he said he would not pledge himself against all schemes of compensation to the publican. He was a temperance reformer, and if it was necessary in order to obtain temperance reform to compensate publicans ot a moderate ertent he would vote for compensation, in spite of the fact that most temperance reformers woud _ .

veto of the House a Lords, not as a revolutionist but as a consistant reformer. Upon this greatly to be desired reform, hang all others—Home Rule for all the three kingdoms and fer Wales—reform of the land laws, involving security for the farmer and for every other trading tenant—the transfer of the power to regu- late and control the traffic in intoxicating liqnors from the hands of irresponsible magistrates into those of the people themselves—protection of fife and health for workpeople—equality of voting power in the election of national representatives—disestablishmerit of the Welsh Church, and all measures for promoting the social amelioration of the people." WIDNES DIVISION ELECTION.

Mr. Deacon, the Liberal candidate, concluded his tour of the wards on Wednesday, addressing meetings in Victoria, Waterloo, and West Bank Wards. The attend- ance at all three meetings was large, and the proceed- ings most enthusiastic and unanimous. The Conservative candidate, Mr. J. S. Gilliat, opened his campaign on Thursday night, speaking at the Mission Hall, West Bank, the small room being well filled.—On Thursday Mr. Rutherford. of the firm of Messrs. Miller, Peel, Hughes, Rutherford, and Co., solicitors, Cook-st., Liver- pool, who will act for the High Sheriff during the elec- tion, was in Widnes, and made arrangements for the polling on Friday week. Upon this occasion there will be a polling station in each of the six wards of the borough, instead of three stations, which were allotted to Widnes at the last election. The nominations take place on Monday next between the hnurs of eleven and 011 P. MR. DEACON'S CAMPAIGN. The first of the Liberal meetings was held at Lacey- street Schools, Dr. O'Keeffe presiding over a good at- tendance. . .

Mr. Deacon, who was cordially received, said he was quite certain that the division would be won for Liberalism. If Widnes wished to return him they could do it, but if they did not do so it would be because the honour of representing Widnes as a Liberal was to be for some one else, and some other man would have a chance in the future. He appealed to those present to be united. There were in the Liberal party (and there always would be in the party of progress) many diverse views, but if his (Mr. Deacon's) opinions were on the whole satisfactory to them, be trusted they would sink small differences for the sake of the great object they all had in view, and vote for him, although they might not agree upon every point. He promised if elected to give careful at- tention to local affairs, and said he might fairly claim to know more about Widnes than his opponent, Mr. Oi liat. He expressed himself in favour of pensiqns for the aged por, but said he would not pledge himself to any parti- cular measure, as at present there was no sceeme before the public which could net be riddled by criticism. He expressed himself in favour of the Local Option Bill, hut regretted that a scheme of temperance reform should have been made a party question. It ought to be above party politics. (Applause.) Colonel Biggs and Mr. Max Muspratt afterwards addressed the meeting.

. - The second meeting was held in S. Patrick's School, and here also there WAS a crowded attendance, over which Mr. A. Borthwic.k presided.—The Candidate, who had another flattering reception, said if they all did their best they would win. So far as it depended on him, he meant to do everything possible, and he asked them to fight in such numbers as to give them the victory. (Applause.) He then dealt with Irish questions, and criticised the action of the House of Lords in rejecting the Irish Municipal Franchise Bill. The House of Lords had always been unfair and unjust to Ireland. The last of the series was held at the Oakland street Schools. Mr. I. Hartland presided over a good attend- ance. Mr. Deacon dealt with the fallacy that trade was had when the Liberals were in power and good daring the Tory reign,dealt with social legislation,and criticised his opponent's election address, which stated that the Unionist party were especially qualified to deal with social questions from their past record. Votes of confidence were carried at each of the meet- ngs.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELECTIONS.

NORTHWICH DIVISION ELECTION.

OPENING OF VIE CAMPAIGN.

The Conservative Association in the Northwich divi- sion have at last been successful in selecting a candidate to oppose Sir John T. Brurner in the forthcoming politi- cal battle. Being unable to secure Mr. Joseph Verdin, who declined to stand on account of ill-health, Mr. Thomas Ward, a director of the Salt Union of North- wich, was asked to step into the breach. He acceded to the request, and a contest will now take place. Sir John T. Brunner was Unanimously recommended to the Libe- ral Council as the Liberal candidate at the ensuing elec- tion.

Since tbe wo parties drew into line on Saturday last the preparations for the battle which is to be decided on Wednesday, the 24th lost, has gone on apace, and every effort will be made to get the 11,788 electors to the poll on that date. Mr. William flandley,of Runcorn, has been appointed agent for Sir John Brunner,and Mr. Handley's arrangements on the occasion of the last general election drew forth high encomiums from Sir Jahn Causton. Mr. J. S. Hughes, of North wich,is the agent for Mr. Thomas Ward, J.P., the Unionist candidate. Several meetings have been held in different parts of the constituency dur- ing the week by both sides,the meeting of Sir John Brun- ner at North wich on Tuesday evening being a decided success. As will be seen from advertisements in another column two political meetings are to be held in Runcorn next week; one in support of the candidature of Sir John Brunner, to be held on Monday evening in the Public Hall, and the other on Wednesday evening in the same hall in support of the Unionist candidate, Mr. Thomas Ward, J.P. SPEECH BY SIR JOHN T. BRUNNER.

A meeting of the Liberal party was held at the Glad- stone Club,Northwich,ot Saturday afternoon. The chair was occupied by Mr. Philip Speakman, J.P., C.C., and there were present representatives from all parts of the constituency. From Runcorn there were present in- cluding the Chairman :—Rev. J. Stafford, Messrs. T. Handley, J.P., R. H. Posnett, A. R. Norman, William Handley, Carroll, J. R Frith, G. H. Kirkham, J. Wilson, J. McCulloch, Joseph Stubbs, E. Gatley, R. Burrows, W. E Green, James Lea, J. Billington, W. Millington, J. M. Frith, A. Riley, John Clarke, T. Furnival, S. Webster, Johnson, and others. In opening the proceedings the Chairman thanked the members for the honour they conferred upon him at the annual meeting by appointing him their chairman. He thought the faces he saw around him augured success in the forthcoming contest. He (the chairman) was at the helm for the time being of their vast organisation and he felt mire that the workers he saw before bins would put their hands to the plough and would n turn back until they had gained that, end which they had set themselves out to accomplish. (Applause.) The Executive Committee had adopted once more Sir J. T. Brunner to be the candidate to represent the Liberal interest in the Northwich division. (Applause.) If they locked hack upon what he had done during the last nine years he thought they could conscientiously support him. There was a high moral tone in all Mr. Brunner had done for them. For the List 40 years he had been a worker in the Liberal cause and he was proud to sup- port Sir John Brunner. He had stuck to them right 'along, and he (the chairman) trusted that it was their wish that Sir John Brunner should represent them laeain. The way to fight the contest was to fight it in a gentlemanly way. (Hear, hear.) He thought, who- ever the candidate might be on the opposite side, there was not the slightest nerd for them to quarrel over their opponent and he trusted their opponeets would keep off personalities. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. Bratt moved the following resolution " That the best thanks of the association he and are hereby ten- dered to Sir John T. Brunner, M.P., for his great and unwearied service as member for Parliament for the Northwich division ; that he be respectfully requested to again consent to be its candidate at the general elec- tion ; and further that he be assured of the determina- tion of the Liberal parts, to secure by all legitimate means his triumphant return."—The resolution was se- conded by Mr. W. Bligg, and supported by Mr. J. W. Deakin, Mr. R. 11. Posnett (Runcorn), and Mr. F. A. Lidbury. Mr. Posnett Said it Was three years since he was there before on the occasion of the last general elec- tion, and he thought, speaking on behalf of Runcorn, that since then the town had passed through a time when it had needed a friend very much, and that friend, able, strong, and power- ful. had been found in their member, Sir John Brunner. (Applause.) During the last twelve months more especially, the town had passed through great straits ; which had not been known at Northwich and he could say that the strong arm of Mr. Brunner had been on their side. He had also helped them by his in- fluence where without it they would have been much worse off. (Applause.) Speaking on behalf of Runcorn he could say that they would he as true and steady as ever they had been. He believed they would do better than ever they had done. At Northwich they were a shaky lot. (Laughter). They were not half such a steady lot as they were in Runcorn. Ile hoped they would apt their props in position and make themselves las steady as they in Rnncorn, (Applause.) I The resolution on being put to the meeting was un- animously carried. Sir John Brunner was then called into the room and on entering, was most enthusiastically received. In ris- ing to acknowledge the welcome, the audience joined in singing " Por he's a jolly good fellow." He said they had made themselves heard at the headquarters of the other side (laughter) and he expected that they would hear a great deal more of them before the next few weeks were over. (Apnlause). It gave him the inten- srst gratification to COMP amongst them. They, the Liberals of the House ot Commons had had a peculiar Itime of it of late because a sort of murrain had set in, and he Was heartily glad that none of that disease had lent into the country, and that it had been the result of false impressions that had come upon their mind. It had been a refreshment to his heart to come amongst his friends in the Northwich division again. (A polnuse.) He found himself as heartily greeted as ever. Looking around that room there was no sign of disunion. (A voice: Not a hit. We have got the ace, king, queen and jaek, in our own hands). (Laughter.) Fie stood before them juSt as he had stood before them all the years they had known him—as a Radical —(cheers)—and as a sturdy Nonconformist. (fear. hear.) Let there be no' MU- understanding on that point. He did not ask for their I votes or their support because he was a giver of Monet,. ' (Hear, hear, and applause.) If a man in his tfhsitiotil who cames before them with £l,OOO of his own and had' grown rich in twenty year., were not a giver he watt shame to the Ernst reposed in him. (Applause.) Xs a Rarlical he was for fair play all round ; as a Noncon- formist he was a lover of all churches, and Ai all who were &fine God's work but he Was as good a hater of Privilege and bieotry as ever. (Cheers.) A gentleman (Mr. Norman)' had told him that he had been pleased with him because he had been a steady party man since 1892. It was the first time he had been a steady party man. He indulged in his radicalism. When in 1888. they had a majority of 120 he considered himself at liberty to rote on his own lines and occasionally he voted against the Government. But when in 189 their majority was only 4011 e determined to sit closely with the ministers and vote steadily with them. (Applause.) There was a member who left them in the theatrical style who ramp from the far north of Scotland.who said that something the Government had done wasn't L ood enough for him and left the house, but he (Mr. Brunner) had steadily supported the Government (Applause.) It was not everybody who had been pleased with the Government. Not all the Radicals had been pleased,' hut let him tell them that when all the Radicals were pleased they were in an easy way of becoming Tory. (Laughter.) But let him put this question to every one of them—did they ever in all their lives know a mere thoroughly denlPcratin Government than the one they had had since 1892 (Cheers.) Let them en over something of what they had done. They had by their local government legislation made all men ecral in local affairs. Prior to the passing of that Act a rich man had six or twelve votes, while the poor one had one. But now for local administration every man on the rate bank was Nital. There Was no pro- perty qualification. The late Government had made millions of men citizens in the full sense for the first time. He knew well from the enrrespoedence he had received from men in humble positions in many parts of the country that the fact of their beinreqUal in voting

===== 0002601_18950713_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEI

===== 0002601_18950713_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
UMWM.AMIIMMEnwiImommom

- ..,..::,7-',:.,:,:...,.',.-:':;;:,,::.4.,i:.,,;...

===== 0002601_18950713_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
refuse it. THE CONSERVATIVE MEETING —SELECTION OF A CANDIDATE,

On Saturday afternoon a general Meeting of the North) wich Division Conservative Association was held at th- Constitutional Club, Northwich, for the purpose of con- sidering the question of selecting a gentleman to contest the division. There was a large attendance, every part of the division being represented. Mr.T. Ward, J.P.,the chairman of the Executive Council, presided. Mr. J. Verdin having declined the invitation to contest the division on the score of health, he pro- posed that Mr. T. Ward, J.P., be the can- didate. Mr. R. W. Wilbraham seconded the motion. In supporting the motion, Mr. W. H. Verdin said he had seen reports in the newspapers that there was a feeling at Runcorn that Sir John Tomlinson Brun- ner would have a large measure of support there on ac- count of his generosity in the winter time. He believed that Sir John Brunner would he the first to repudiate any desire to obtain a single vote on account of his venerosity. (" Oh, oh," and laughter.) One of the best known characters in scriptural history was Esau ; but it was always remembered a.ainstAm that he sold his birthright for a mess of pottage. (Laughter.) That, lie was quite sure, was not the intention of the people of Runcorn. (Laughter.) Ile had known them too long not to bold a contrary opinion. •He believed they had a higher and loftier conception of their duty to the State than to vote otherwise than their conscience dictated. (Cheers.)—A Runcorn Representative : What we want in Runcorn is a Verdin. If we get a Verdin he is bound to go. (Cheers.).—Mr. Meadowcroft, Runcorn, said he was not present at the last meeting in that room; but it was rumoured outside that some discouraging state- ments were made as to the feeling in Runcorn,and rather to the detriment of the voters there. If any such state- ments were made he could not say upon what authority, because there had been no meeting of the Conservative or Unionist party to give expression of any sentiments indicating that they were prepared to sell their birthright for a mess of pottage. (Cheers.)— Mr. Lightburn, sen. (Runcorn), thought that with the candidate they had in view they would make a fair fight in Runcorn. He thought it was a reflection on the intel- ligence and patriotism of the people in Runcorn to say that becanse of Sir John Flrimner's local gifts they should rose sight of Imperial affairs. (Cheers.)—After further speeches by Mr. G. A. Hughes, Mr. E. Hamlett, Mr. F. Rktiry Cooke, Mr. W. Barnes, Mr. W. Shaw (Northwich) Mr. S. Rebington (Stanthorne), and Mr. Elankinson (Runcorn); the resolution on being pat to the meeting was carried uhsnimously.--Mr. Ward on rising to reply svail received with prolonged cheering, the audience also singing " Re's a jolly good' fellow.. lie said with regard to Runcorn, he should' riot hesitate to appear on a platform them (Hear, hear. y Efe did not think that Riiimorn men were different to other men fie knew that they had feelings of gratituffe in their hearts, and praised them for it; but he thotnght, at the P/IMP time, they would make a distinction between local affairs and Imherial politics, and that they would feel they had a higher duty to perform than being' thankful for moneys received. (Hear, hear.) He did not think there was-anything to despair of even in Runcorn. (Cheers) DATE OF POLLING. Mr. C. J. Hughes and Mr. W. Handler, the deaf.= agents in the Northwich Division, met on Monday, and agreed to recommend that Wednesday, July 24th, be fixed as the milling day. Mr. Hughes afterwards received a telegram from Mr. Cullimore, the returning officer, announcing that the nomination was fixed for the 19th (subject to the writs being received on Tuesday 9th) and the polling for Wednesday, the 24th. MR: BRUNNER'S ELECTION ADDRESS.

In his election address Sir Jchti Brunner refers to his work in connection with the reform of the Weaver Novi- ',ion Trust, and on behalf of an amendment to procure compensation for property owners suffering from the in-vitable injury caused by the pumping of brine—" an am of joatiee greativ too long delayed." In the course f Ifs refereride to general politica, he observes : " Nigh upon two hundred years ago we aboliahed the Veto of the Crown. That was not revolution, but refortn. I stand before you today as a strenuous, and ardent' advocate of the abolition of' thh

===== 0002601_18950713_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ELECTION.

Contined from page 8.

OPEN AIR MEETING IN BEWSEY-ROAD.

MR. PIERPOINT'S ACTION ON THE CONCILIATION AND EMPLOYERS LIABILITY BILLS. A large open air meeting was held on the vacant piece of ground opposite St. Paul's Church, Bewsey-road, on Wednesday noon, in support of the candidature of Mr. Scott. The cheir was occupied by Mr. T. B. Malkin (president of the Warrington Trades Council). The CHAIRMAN said that they had once more the oppor- tunity of selecting a member to represent Warrington in the House of Commons. It was for the electors of War- rington to say whether they were satisfied with the action of the member for Warrington during his term of office. He might say that the late Government was the most democratic Government that this country ever had —(hear, hear)—and had passed many useful reforms which, however, had been rejected by the House of Lords. The curious cabinet which had just been formed talked about social reform, but he was afraid that they would get very little social reform from them. (Applause.) Among many Bills which had been brought in by the Government, had been the Local Government Bill, which was one of the finest bills ever introduced into Parliament for workingmen. who thus got local con- trol in the villages which made them equal to their so- called superiors. Then the Factory Act was a measure of social reforpn,and that had been passed through Parlia- ment. The Conciliation Bill was a most useful Bill and that had been introduced into the House of Commons by the Government, and he was sorry that their late mem- ber—Mr. R. Pierpoint—had blocked the progress of the Bill and thus it had not been passed. What did concilia- tion mean ? It meant that workmen and employers should meet in conference, and discuss any reasonable method for settling any trade dispute. What had con- ciliation done in the late miners' strike? It ha l brought about peace and satisfaction to both parties. This had also been the Case in the Leicester strike. The object of the Conciliation Bill was to extend this privilege to every trade and business. (Applause.) 'Thu there was the Employers' Liibility Bill. This bill was wrecked owing to the action of the House of Lords. The Conservatives were asking the working-men for their votes, but he contended that they were not the friends of the working men. They did not want the working-men except at election times, and then they only wanted their votes. If the working-men wanted payment of meinhere, so that they could be represented in Parliament by their own class, they should vote for the Liberal party. Why should not they have payment of members. (Applause.) They had Men in Parliament getting £5,000 a year, and yet these men objected to others receiving £250 a year. (Applause.) Mr, FARNSWORTH, of the National Reform Union, then addressed the meeting. He said that it was a very satis- factory thing that the chairman of that meeting should be a working-man, as they could through him, appeal to the other working-men. The nresent contest was the greatest they had had since 1832 as there were some of , the gravest issues to be decided. The late Radical Governmeet had been one of the most beneficent of medern times, and Lord Rosebery (applause) upon whose shoulders the mantle of Mr. Gladstone (applause) , had fallen, was still carrying out the great remedial reforms which that great statesman had so long been carrying forward. They had the evidence of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain that th 3 administration of the last Government during the period of office had not been equalled. The taunt was often flung at the late Government that they had wasted their time in the House of Come-none and done nothing. They had however passed many great measures, and if they had not beceme law, it was not their fault, but that of the irresponsible Chamber—the House of Lords. Mr. Pierpoint during the time he had been mem- ber for Warrington had voted against every democratic measure, and everything which was for the welfare of the working classes. (Hear, hear.) He had supported the contracting out clause, which had rendered the Em- ployers' Liability Bill useless. But for this, the Bill would have become law,and have been one of the great- est boons to the working classes that had ever been passed. The late Government had beers the best for labour as it supported eight hours—(applause)—and had extended the principle to the dock yards and arsenals. The question at present before the country was whether they were going to be controlled by the House of Lords. That MRS!, had destroyed Bill after Bill which had been sent up from the House of Commons. With regard to the closure, of which so much had been made by the Tories, he would tell them that that was a legacy left from the Tories, and the Liberals had not used it nearly so often as their opponents. The battle was fought upon this question, and he had not the slightest doubt as to the issue,and it remained for Warrington to do its duty by sending Mr. Scott, a man of whom Manchester was proud, and who had been so successful in the commer- cial world—to Parliament. (Loud applause.) Mr. Scaler, who had a very encouraging reception ,said that it struck him that if he spoke long and they did not get to their work,they would find the closure somewhere else. (Laughter.) He would tell them why he was pre- sent at that meeting. It was because their political op- ponents said that he was not one of them. Well,he was with them (his hearerseand what was more, he intended to be much more -with them in the future. (Applause.) Whether next Monday showed that he was their member or not, that would not make him back out of Warring- ton. (Renewed applause.) Warrington should be Liberal whether it was next Monday, or in the future, and they would find one thing,that if next Monday, the issue was against them, they would very soon have to say what it was to be again. (leppleuse.) They would have to tackle first-, the House of Lords. (Hear,hear.) Secondly, they wanted one man one vote. Ile failed to see, and he believed his hearers failed to see why, wealth and aristocracy should be represented'by perhaps- ten votes to their one. (Hear, hear.) They never would get full liberty unless that were altered: As to the Registration Law Amendment , At, he thought that the qualification of the period should be roducedlonot more than three months—(ap.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
plause), and once a voter, always a voter. (Applause.) He would have an opportunity of addressing them on other occasions,but he asked for their assistance in in the people's battle, and he believed it was the cause of freedom and of right,and they would only have them- selves to blame if they did not win. (Applause.) Mr. MALKIN proposed a vote of confidence is Mr. Scott and said that during the past year there had been more coal produced than ever before, and he asserted that it was a mistake to suppose that a Tory Government brought good trade. Re hoped that the electors of War- rington would put Mr. Scott at the head of the poll on Monday. (Applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously, amid much cheering, and the bell ringing for the resumption of work after dinner hour, the crowd quickly dispersed.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL MEETING IN LATCHFORD WARD.

On Wednesday evening a meeting in support of the candidature of Mr. Scott, the Liberal candidate, was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Latchford,under the chairmanship of Councillor William Pierpoint, J.P., and notwithstanding the fact that Latchford ward is considered a Conservative stronghold there was an excel- lent attendance of electors who displayed nlenty of enthusiasm. On the platform, supporting the Chairman there were Mr. Farnsworth, of the National Reform Union, Mr. James Horton, and later on Mr. Percival R. Scott,on whose appearance in company with Councillor H. Roberts there was raised an enthusiastic burst of applause. The CHAIRMAN said that he had to explain that they were holding two meetings that night, one at Brick-st. schoolroom at which Mr. Scott was then speaking. (APplause.) While Mr. Scott was there they had a good friend of his, Mr. Farnsworth of Manchester, who had come to Warrington out of consideration for Mr. Scott's delicate health, following his illness, to speak at public meetings. It was only at the urgent desire of the Liberal party that Mr. Scott ventured to take upon himself the arduous duties of fighting the constituency for Parlia- mentary honours. He (thechairman) did not know why the Liberal workingmen of Warrington and of Latchford should take upon themselves to support Mr. Robert Pier. point. He did not know that there was anything in Mr. Pierpoint's policy—or programme, for it, was hardly A policy—that appealed very strongly to workingmen, and he hoped that the working-men of Latchford would take his speeches and address and compare them with the address and speeches that have been and would be made by the Liberal candidate. Mr. Scott. (Applause.) The speeker wanted them to think out the matter for them- selves as it was their battle that Mr. Scott and the Liberal party were fighting. (Applause.) It had been said that it was a great presumption on their part in offering to contest the town, but he would like to point nut that since the last election there had been an addi- tional number of over 500 voters added to the register, in ether word's there were now 500 more voters than then. He thought it would have been an act of moral coward- ice on their part if they had not offered the 500 extra voters an opportunity of testifying their opinions. (Hear, hear.) It might be possible that out of the 500 extras 300 might be in favour of their programme. (Applause.) If that was so and they could turn over a few others from their Tory friends' list of last election then they would he juetified by their success in bringing about a contest in Warrington. (Applause.) For his part he was quite willing to take his share of the blame, if there was any blame attributable to them am a party. He Was not ashamed of the action he had taken in doing what he could to find Mr. Robert Pierpnint an opponent worthy of his steel. (Applause). There was one point he would like to mention, raised to his mind by the presence of Mr. S. B. Stringer. (Applause.) That was that with reference to the Local Vets Bill They knew that Mr. Stringer was a man who had worked very hard during the winter in getting up evening concerts— (applause)—in order to provide a counter attrac- tion to public-houses in the town. He was very glad to say that Mr. Stringer'a efforts were well rewarded because he had had crc wded houses almost every Saturday night. On one occasion he (the Chair- man) had the pleasure of presiding, and he was more than gratified at the large number of young men and women present; and the excellent entertainment placed at their disposal for enjoyment. The speaker added that he was not a teetotaller himself, and he expected that a great number of the men in the room were aware of the fact, and some of them might think that because he was not he had -hardly a right to be on that platform when one of the main items on their address was the Local Veto Bill, which he approved of. and which gave the workingmen the power to decide whether they would have public-houses or not. They could depend neon it that they would have a large sprinkling of tee- totallers in their locality, and a larger number who were not total abstainers. It would be their own fault,there- fore. if publie-houss were &Ms away with against their wish, but certainly they could do with a great deal less in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) Another point with re- ference to publie-hrmsee : he was rather in favour of the eld.faehioneri nublic-houses which they used to have in Warrington 30 years ago ; when the man who owned the public-house held the license himself. Since the ad- vent of the two large brewers, Messrs. Walker and Greenall, the old system, with the exception of two howee, had been swept away, and the remaining li- eeneee in Warrington had been abeerhed by these firma. Ile believed he was right in saving that there was not 50 per cent of the public-house keepers in Warrington doing more than just Paving their way and getting a mere pittance. Local Veto offered the power to people in localities to determine for themselves what they would have in the shape of drink-honsee. (Applause.) Mr. FARNSWORTH' said he had great pleasure in partici- nating in Mr. Scott's candidature for this conetituency. They in Manchester believed that Mr. Scott was a man peculiarly fitted for a constituency like Warringtoe. He was a man of large sympathies, a man of good social standing, a man who had given no lack of study and studious consideration to thnem great pressing questions of the day. Not only did they belieye that Mr. Scott was thus fitted to represent a working class constituency of this nature but they were looking to this constituency that it should on Mon lay next reverse the order of Hro- Haedirles and assert its Liberalism. (Applause.) Their I Tory friends had had their innings in this constituency. (Hear, hear.) This contest he belieeed would be the 'hottest and sharpest on record. It would be futile for him to meddle with what was now ancient political his- tory and detail the course of events which had brought , about the contest. Suffice it for him to say that from his knowledge of the Radical wing in Warrington there was a spirited policy, a policy growing hourly, an en. trmsiagm such as had not been felt,or meen,or understood for years, an enthusiasm which was practically a conse- cration of the working elms energies to redeem this con- stituency from the foul epith•ta that could be hurled at

it, The spesker then went on in & very vigorous speech to expound the Objecta of the Libertl progtammn, and to show the stumbling blocks which the House of Lords alwav put in the wav of pronressive legislation. He also dealt largely with flume Rule and the peacefulness of Ireland due to Liberal Government. The CHAIRMAN' at the conclu'don of Mr. Farnsworth's speech. said the justification for brinpinp about, this con- test had been well shown. If they could have produced a man perfect in every point he believed their Tory friends would have found some objnctionable thin" that had occurred ailaut 1,000 yeare ago among his ancestors. (Lanehter Mr. Scorr, who was received with loud applause, after thanking' his audience for their hearty reception, delivered a speech similar in subject to that he had de- livered a short time Previously at another meeting in Brick-street schoolroom, a report of which is given else- where.

Mr. JAMS HORTON moved "that this meeting of the Liberal electors of Latchford Ward heartily approves of the candidature of Percival B. Scott, Esq., and hereby pledges itself to nae every possible legitimate effort to secure his election." They had, Mr. Horton said, seen Mr. Scott, heard him, and he hoped read his address they had peen Mr. rerpoint'soand knew him, and it was for them to judge between the two. Others had as much right to be Tories as he had to be a Liberal, and just as much freedom. huh it was only through Liberal legisla- tion in the past that they had that liberty. To the Tory electors of Latchford he would like to point out that Mr. Pierpoint had promised a pension for men over 60, but the majority of the working people died before they were 35. What the Liberal party would do would be to plea throuFfh Parliament a measure which would sann- ' tion the graduation of the income tax so that they would only have to pay a fair share to the revert''e of their country. They would get all the Tory measures and far more if they returned Mr. Scott as their member. He asked the Tories in the room if they were going to support a man like Joseph Chamberlain. EverT Tory hated him with a hatred as strong as nosstible ; they only supported him to V,Pt into power. The Liberals wanted to return Mr. Scott on Monday next and they could only get him by every Liberal voting true" to his colour and by every Tory giving consideration to the two addresses and voting for the man who put before him the beat measures and would do mast WM. With the same influences at work as the Tories they would beat them by a thousand. (Applause.) Mr. S. R. STRINGRR seconded the motion and held it to he more honourable to stand defeated with clean hands than successfull with dirty hands. He honed can gassing would soon be done away with, and he called upon all to go like men to the poll and vote for the party which had dealt out to them the blessings they now enjoyed. He had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. A show of hande was taken, and the feeling of the meeting was unanimous there being not one dissentient hand raised. The resolution was therefore declared carried amidst loud and continued appfause Mr. Sgorr thanked the meeting for the kind way in which it had received the resolution, and remarked that he would never abuse their confidence if he had it on Monday next. (A0,11111.e.) The CHORMAN said that though her should be glad to see canvassing done away with himself they could not do without it now, and he urged all Liberals to do their utmost to secure votes for Mr. Scott. The meeting then terminated.

The railway companies of Great Britain pay a daily averare of onts thousand seven hundred pounds in com- pensation, about sixty per cent. being for injuries to passengers, and the remainder for lost or damaged freight. •

HOUSH—To be Lee. 'a Prininise Hill," Anrtonwood. con- taining two rnteriaining-rooms, four bedrooms. kitchen. larder, outside washhouse, stable and large garden ; rent £lB per year.—Apply to Mr. W. FAIRCLOLIGH. Brook Farm, Burtonwood, Warrington.

BOVBRHIGN 104511iDiiN, OR SKIN ERUPTIONS To Cure Bezerna, Skin Bruntions, Irritation, Pim- ples. Blotches, Ulcerated. Bad Legs and Sures, use OULLWICK'S SKIN niSrNigNIT and BLOOD TAB FATS. WORLD•W OH REPUTATION. Either Ointment or Tablets from all Chemists ; post free Is. 3,1.. from MA la( N, Chemist, Southampton. IBOOTS, Cash Ch wets, Warrington. Agent° ISPEAKMAN 27. Bridge-et., Ruttoorn.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Rbbtrtisement not Claoititb.

___---- VEODSILABL—FreehoId Detached House ON SALE, three 1. sitting. five bedrooms, large gardens; rent £35, no chief; price £soo.—BARtow, Church-lane, Sale.

PLAIN COOK WANTED immediately, for country house. Write, stating age, wages. and experience, to Mus OREG, Mount, Macclesfield.

ENERAL SERVANT (thorough) WANTED; age about 25; wllling to wash; wages EIS. Also Young ?louse- maid ; about 20. Good character Indispensable.—Apply, CARLTON HOUSE, Whalley Range, Manchester.

WANTED, strong GIRL 15, to train as Housemaid- waitress, good sewer.—Apply M•NOR Housz, Long. ton, Preston.

ITOYLAKB.—To Let furnished, in this health-restoring seaport, nice Cottage. Terms very moderate..-_ll, Cif UnCH-IDDAD.

ANTED, a strong GENBRAL, age about 17 years; , references.--Mrs. 8., 2.4, Brunswick-street, Orford- road, Manchester.

WANTED, a strong GIRL as General.—Apply 52, DAOT- ROAD. Antleld, Liverpool.

f -10UNTRY HOTEL and Boarding House, private rooras V with or without board; two milks tr.un Sassenthwala Lake Station ; good fishing ; beautiful scenery. 'terms moder- ate. Conveyance for hire.—Apply to Mrs. WATSON. Caatle Inn, Bassenthwaite, Keswick.

Pro BB SOLD cheap, several Broughams, Hansoms, Landaus, Side-llght Coaches, Uigs,Pliuuoii,Uod, Carts, Governess Cars, Hares, Mourning Coaches, Saloon Funeral Buses.— Apply W. H. HAIGH. riccles.ll-road, Sheffield.

WANTBD, a strong willing Glra, as Genersl; able to wash.—Apply, 6 Litherland-road. Bootle.

WANTED, SERVANT to be generally useful, age about 20; must have g4otl retereuces.—Bata., Grocer, Lytham-road, Southport.

BU f CHICHS.—TO BB SOLD. gaodwill MLA fixtures of one of the best shops in Liverpool. Takings nearly £6O per we.k. Price £2oo.—Apply C.U., 64 St. James-at., Liverpool.

GCII3NRRAL Servant, gcod, Waited, at once. for email family; good wages; washerwoman ernployed.—Apply 23, CENTRL-ROAD, Withingt,on. lidsnehester.

GELDINEL—Very sm•,t Brown Gelding Shropshire breed, suit medical gentleman or any tradesmen ; 15 hands high, six yeirs old; warranted sound, quaet for saddle and harness; £?.6, or woul I let him go six weeks or two months for his kep; quick mover. grand actiou.-8 KEBLK-STREET, Kensington, Liverpou. Trams pars every five minutes.

GRNRRAL SERVANT —WANTRD. respectable GIRL, age 18 to 24; able to wa3h and fond of children.— Apply, giving references, 49, Walnut-street, Southport.

F ON SALI3.—A BAILING YACII2, 18ft. long. 51t, Sin. beam: sails ..nd all complete,priee £3.—Apply J.Dxxort, 56 Oakland-street, Widnes. A.NDAU

B 1 SOLD CH EAL".—Apply at Hotel, Liscard, Che3hire.

Cs Arms

P ARR'S BANKING COMPANY AND THE ALLIANCE BANK. LIMITED. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that an Extraordinary General MEETING of this Company will be bald at the Bank Premises, Winwlck-at., Warrington, on THURSDAY, the 25th day of July. 1895, at Twelve &chick, for the purpose of declaring DIVIDENDS, to to piyable on the Ist August and lit November. end nducting the Orrlmary .Buslness of the Company. The THAN iFEtt BOOKS will be Closed from WEDNESDAY, the 1703 July to THURSDAY, the 25th July, both Days inclusive. By Order, JOLIN DUN, General Manager.

lomew-lane, Londoa, E.C. lltla July, 1895.

SIEBERT'S Invaluable to early risers. The Tonic par excellence for all including those whose work c )mpels them to inhale dust. This is the finest preparation known to scienoe for bracing up and strengthing the system. It imparts a rosy colour to the cheeks, brightness to the eyes,elasticity to the step, and enables you to th'sroughly appreciate the joy of living, and the priceless blessing of entire good health. Bottles containing one week's supply, post free. 3. 91 Proprietors, A. D. HARRISON AND Co.. 13, Drury.lane, Liverpool.

F IRE! FIRE!! FIRE!!!

W. P. & W. SHELION LTD, WARRINGTON.

During the reconstruction of JUBILBR BUILD- INGS. BUSINICSS in all branches will be carried on as usual in the

OLD MARKET HALL, en and after TO-DAY (SAW fiDAY), MAY 12th. Temporary offices are ttken in HWSIMAfIFIT STItoRT, adjoining the Lie premises, where all orders and Inquiries will be promptly attended to.

SelilEtt VV AThl( AU LLOTI) ROLE LIVERPOOL AUT:IORISED AGENTS

FO ',IIE WALTHAM WA CH COMPANY.

SCHIERWATI3II, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame for these Watches as THE RES E T MRKR RPE tIS IN TIN WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paving them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price ti ri

Silver o,lBes, Chronometer B dance Li 10 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto (fold, from 3 15 0

29, OTIURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED in lArge and am%ll quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLS JRWELLBRY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low Interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REED, JEWHLLEIR AND PAWNDKOKEE, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT. LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel )

VIOLINS, VIOLONORLLOS,

MANDOLINE. aurrAus, BAri.ros.: JOHN BY ROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of (1.. A. Ch not). Rowe. Caaes, &e., of Finest Quality. at ;IeREPAIRING IN ALL ITS 1381.NCHN8 AT 37, RENSHAW STRE6T, LIVERPOOL.

TT OOLS-FORFEITED PLEDGES—For Sale, CHEAP, and by some of the best makers in England. ENORMOUS STOCK. Joiners'. Ship Carpenters',Engin-ers', PAlnteis', Plumbers% Gasfitters', Plasterers'. Shoernik rs', Butchers', mad Mechanics Tools of all sorts.

HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-HILL. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
light:

===== 0002601_18950713_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. _

,

===== 0002601_18950713_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
MOST: IMPORTANT.

' Every:person's future is, to a certain extent, in his own hand. Many a future which' might have hen I brilliant has beenldarkened by lack of the spirit of self help. Many a home which might have been gladdened by life and health, and comfort, has been saddened by poverty, illness, and death, in many cases wholly pre- ventible. The spring and summer months are, from a sanitary point of view, among the most important of the year. Due care may now mean a healthy and happy summer and autumn, and robust constitution to meet the trials of next winter. Neglect may now seem a joy- ess summer, a trying autumn, and a broken constitu- tion to succumb under the attacks of any exceptional trial. There are indPed few that do not feel the system needs recruiting after the trying winter they have passed through. With seme it is "only a little cough," and others," a tendency to bronchitis," with others, " not quite up to the mark," a sort of all over sinkingfeeling," " too weak to do anything about the house," "these recurring headaches," " no appetite for my food," &c. These and a dozen others are common expressions which all paint to the urgent need of some good tonic. What change of air can do for you in a few months' time—if you are no worse then than you are now—a course ef some good tonic mixture, a reliable medicine of established reputation and of proved virtue will do now. There are several tnnic mixtures to be had, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. The vegetable tonic. It has aever been known to fail ; send for a pamphlet of testi- monials and read the voluntary testimony therein con- tained. Then get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters,which will prove to be your best self-help. CAUTION.—Avoid Imitations. See that yoa get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. Do not be persuaded to buy any other. See the name " Gwilym Evan's Quinine Bitters "on the Label, Stamp, and Bottle.

Prices : Bottles, 2s. 9d. ; double size, 4s. sd. S amp bottles, Is. lid. To be had of all Chemists, or direc from the Proprietors : .

===== 0002601_18950713_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LIMITED. LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

" CRYING "AND USING OBSCENE LANGUAGE IN THE MARKET. On Monday morning, at the Warrington Borough Police Court, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Thomas Clare, 5, Scotland-Nati, and James Daniels, 37, Howard-street, Manchester, were each charged with Crying fish for sale in the market contrary to the bye- laws of the borough. Daniels was further charged with using obscene language there on the 27th June.—P.C. Corbett stated that from orders he had received from the Inspectors to suppress shouting he listened for some time to the defendants shouting and P.C. Gibbs coming up he remained to corroborate. They cautioned the de- fendants but Mr. Lever, their employer told them to keep on shouting as the police were "only a lot of bullies put on by other fish dealers." A crowd gathered round and when witness attempted to disperse them Lever told them to stay as ' he and his men could best the police." Witness afterwards secured defendants' names and addresses and reported the case.—P.C. Gibbs corro- borated.—Mr. Lever who Was present gave evidence for the defence and denied the imputations of the police but at the same time made another charge against them which brought him a reprimand from the Bench.—Both defendants were fined 53. including costs for " crying " and Daniels for the obscene language was fined a further ss. and costs.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. PRlDAY.—Before Alderman El arrison (chairman), Alder- man Wright, Dr. Gornall, and Councillor Roberts. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY BEHAVIOUR.—TWO charges for this offence were preferred aeeinst Margaret Fleming= Garden-St. ,one for the 2nd of July and the other for the 4th of the same month. Sergeant Chantler and P.C. Amami proved the case, and defendant was sent to gaol tor seven days' hard labour on each charge. SOME LIVELY QUARRELS.—MI 7 Madden, 41 Lower Bank-st.,was charged with assaulting and beating Mary Gannon, 11 Hill-st., on the 2od July. Mrs. Gannon said that defendant came at 10.20 on Tuesday morning to her house and seized her by the hair and threatened to do away with her.—Meßrowne appeared for defendant, and said the complainant was continually twitting his client with a conviction ten years old. Witnesses were Called on both sides and a somewhat similar charge was made againet complainant who denied it.—Alderman Harrison said : You know what Mr. Browne says ? Complainant : Well he's bound to do something for his money. (Loud laughter.)— Mr. Browne: lam glad the Complainant appreciates my points.— This case was dismissed on each side paying their own costs. Clara Hassell, 9, Bostock - street. was charged with assaulting and beating Mary Barrow, 34, Cartwright-street on the 29th June. There was a cross summons against Mrs. Barrow for assaultilig Mrs. Hassan. Mrs. Barrow said that defendant came with her husband to complainant's house the worse for drink and used bad language. She ordered them xit and de- fendant then struck her. Mrs. Hassell said Mrs. Barrow also struck her.—Both parties were bound over to keep the peace for six months and pay their own costs.—William Fleming, 5, Brick-street, and John Morrin, 39, James-street were charged with assaulting and beating Patrick McDonnell, Sharp-street. Morrin did not appear so a warrant was issued for his arrest and the case adjourned until Friday next.—Annie Fbward, 57, Chorley-street, was charged with assaulting and beating Ellen Hayes, 35, Vere-street, on the Ist July ; Mary Howard, daughter. was charged with a similar offence on Dinah Gleave. 37, Chnrley-street, on the same date.—These two cases represented a quarrel in which nearly the whole neighbourhood was concerned and a host of witnesses, for and against, were brought. This case was also discrisaed. SEQUEL TO A CRUELTY CA.E.—lnspector McAteer, N.S.P.C.C., said that with reference to Joseph Hill, of 3, Watkin-st., whose wife he prosecuted on the 31st May last, for neglecting her five children, and who in conse- quence was sent to cal for two months, they would remember that he was remanded for five weeks. The Inspector was pleased to tell them that he had visited Hill's house many times during the five weeks and found that the man was doing well, and had got his house well furnished,and his children clothed.—Mr. H. Taylor, P.C.M., supported his statement. The magistrates ex- pressed their satisfaction at thia good result of the pro- secution and allowed the charge to be withdrawn. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Alderman Harrison, Mr. F. Monks, and ser. J. W. Hayward. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—A LARGE BATCH. —The fol- lowing pergolas were sow marily 'emit with for being drunk and guilty of disorderly behaviour on divers dates :—Edward Glynn, 3, Turner-street, and Thomas Finan, last from Wien, were each fined 54. including costs for committing the above offence on Saturday night ; Emma Jones, 11 15, on Sunday night dismissed on promising to leave the town ; Miehael Hennessy, 15, Dolman's-lane, 29th June, ss. ;John Whittaker, Golden- grove-st., 2s. 6d including costs; Thomas Mitchell and Mary Mitchell, 16, Hill-sr., fined ss. and costs, and ss. including costs respectively for the Ist July. HEAVY PENALTY FOR SUSPICIOUS BEHAVIOLIB.—Patrick Burke, no address, a military-looking man,was charged with being a convicted thief, and found secreted in Bill- et. at 1.45 on Sunday mirning.—P.C. Millington said that at the time mentioned he found the prisoner at the back of eeme premises end asleep in a passage off Hill-st. When asked what he was doing there he said he had Jost come from Liverpool.—On re- ferring to prisoner's record the magistrates discovered that on his last appearance he was sent to gaol for three months,and previous to that for a period of four months and that he was deemed incorrigible.—The Bench com- mitted him for another three months' hard labour. . STREET FIGHTING.—Thoma, Mulkearn, 26 Dial-street, was charged on a warrant with committing, a breach of the peace by fighting on the 28th Aprli last.—Defendant pleaded guilty, and as he had voluntarily surrendered himSelf,was repentant,and made his first appearance the magistrates fined him Si. and bound him over to keep the peace for six month.. John Henry Woodward and Thomas Morris, 26 Morris- street, were chareed with a similar offence, and the former was fined 75., and the latter sa. Doc' LICENSES.—Ed ward Rowlands, 5, Lower Wash- lane, was fined sa. in,lorling. costs, for keeping a dog without license, on the 20'h June; Timothy Brannon,lo, Hall-street, charged with A similar offence was dismissed on proving that the dog was not his own. A WALKING DAY INCIDENT .—J -hn Dumbell and Edwara Speakman. both of LAiVh, were charged with obstructing the passage of Bridge foot on the 28'h June, by allowing their carts to remain an unreasonable time there. Defendant stated that the day being Walking Day they had given a man 3-1. to mind the carts while they watched the procession, bitt nn their return he was found to have decamped .—Defendants were ordered to pay the Costs and Alderman Harrison ohserved that they should have given the man the 3 when they came back. PITCH AND ToS PLAYING UP Wu...TWICE-ROAD —Samuel England, Samuel Warhurt,,n and James Oakes, all of Antrobus-street. were charged with playing pitch and toss" in Winwick-road on tlas 13th June.—P.C. Barlow who gave evidence after the ,lefendants had pleaded guilty, said thet there WPTP vrAnv complaints about the "pitch and toss" playine tip be the " Jockey " and they had so mar y spies that there was no chance of the police getting near them except on rare occasions.—Mr. Hunt

(chief constable) observed that a penalty of 403. and coats would be salutory but as one of the defendants had a family and all were poor he woulc, not press this case though he was determined to put a stop to the practice. TIIESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman) and Mr. E.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
J. Guest.

JUSTICE TEMPERED WIT-11—M—ERCY.—John Rowlands was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Haydock- street at a quarter to nine on Saturday night ;he was also charged with being drunk in the Police Court on Mon- day morning.—P.C. Corbett stated that at the time in question on Saturday night he saw the prisoner in Ar- nold's-yard in the midst of a disturbance going on there. He was very disorderly and also drunk and rushed at witness who had to loek him up.—Mr. Hunt mentioned to the magistrates that prisoner when brought up the previous morning was so talkative that they were con- vinced he was under the influence of drink and ordered his remand in the cells till Tuesday.—The magistrates inflicted a penalty of 59. and costs but on Mr. Hunt's intercession for prisoner who had not been locked up be- fore and was poor, the magistrates took eft the costs and fined him the 5. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman), __ _ _

_ and Mr. J. Geddes. A TROUBLESOME CELIRACTER.—Margaret McLoughlin, a well-known character at the Police Court, and who has been summoned for various offences 23 times, was charged with being runk and disorderly in Mersey-at., the previous day, and also with breaking a glass in the Legh Arms.—P.C. Turner who pm ved the case said that the prisoner entered the Legh Arms on Tuesday morning the worse for liquor. The landlord refused to serve her, whereupon she picked up a glass and flung it at a man at the bar. It fortunately missed the man, or it might have killed him. The prisoner was then taken to the police station.—Prisoner was fined ss. and costs, and ordered to pay the cost cf the glass, or seven days in default.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. P.Speakman (chairman), and Mr. E. Imison. PROFANITY.—Margaret Connolly, Water-et., Runcorn' was summoned for using obscene language in Church- at., on the B%ti July. The case was proved by P.C. Gregory.—A fine of ss. including costs, or seven days' imprisonment was imposed. DRUNKENNESS. Robert Collins, Mill-st. ; Thomas Inglesfield and Biz ibeth Inglesfield, Heath-road : John Critchley. William Hughes, New-st., Ncrthwich ; and Michael Dowd, Aston ; were all dealt with for drunken- ness. Doo AT LARGE.—John Piers, insurance ag,ent,22 High- st., was fined ss. including costs,for allowing his dog to be at large in Church-et. A NEGLECTFUL MOTHER DESERVEDLY PUNISHED.—EIIen Moran, a widow, of 1 Salkeld-sqnare, was summoned to answer a charge preferred against her by Inspector McAteer, of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, for having on the Ist July neg- lected her children in a manner likely to cause unneces- sary suffering or injury to their health. She was further charged with indecent behaviour on the 6th Inspector McAteer gave an account of his visit to the defendant's house in company with Ser- geant Lee. He found four of the children in the house in a most deplorable state of neglect ; without sufficient' clothing and food and in a filthy condition. Another child was kept by her grandmother in Warrington. In answer to his question as to how she supported herself and children she admitted that it was by prostitution. He asked her to let the children go to the Workhouse but this she declined to do. The children had been grossly and systematically neglected. They had been turned out to beg late at night. It was one of the wurst eases he had had since he had been in the Warrington district. The defendant was a drunken woman and she was bring- ing up the family in immoral surroundings. He asked the magistrates to make an example of her.—Sergeant Lee corroborated the Inspector's statemeet, and said the children were continually neglected.—P.C.'s Richardson and Ridgeway also gave evidence for the prosecution. The second portion of the charge was proved by P.C. Richardson The Chairman said the magistrates found the defendant guilty of the two charges, and said such a dreadful condition of things was something appalling in a Christian community. They had decided to send her to prison for three months with hard labour for the first offence and fourteen days for the second. The children would be sent to the workhouse. _ . .

.... %mama A Pout-num.—Thomas Stokes, a boatman was summoned for having on tha 7th July unlaw- fully assaulted Constable William Wylie whilst in the exe- cution of his duty. A fine of 10s. and casts or 14 days' imprisonment was imposed.

HAIRY " Dicunanbes."—There must be thousands of people in this country on whom the dread sentence, "incurable" has been passed by doctors. Within the last two years, however, there have been a number of cases in the newspapers all over this country, in which "incurables" of the most hopeless kind have been restored to happiness, health and activity, by a new method, quite unlike any other medicine, namely, by the ' use of Dr. Williams' Pink Piils for Pale People. This remedy seems to produce its most marked effect in cases which no other medicine can touch, but it is essential to get the genuine Pills, in pink wrapped boxes, bearing in red letters the full same, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People-..n0 others being of the slightest use. To people of ordinary health these Pills are the best possible tonic, and they cure influenza, rheumatism, sciatica,neuralgia, paralysis, locomotor ataxy. nervous headache, scrofula, chronic erysipelas,ann sallow complexion. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are a speci Re for the female sex. In men they cure all cases from worry, overwork, or excesses. Sold by chemists ; also by Dr. Williams' Niediciue Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, at 2s. 9.1. a box; six boxes 13s. 9J.. post free.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS. PETER WALKER. AND SON'S ANNUAL TRIP.

The annual trip promoted hv thiq firm was held on Saturday, the destination being Douglas, Isle of Mao. which selection in the eiel proved an exceeding happy one for all concerned. Tirl weather was beautiful and the water most reassuring!y smooth. _

A start was made from 'Cie Central Station at 5 20 a.m. when about 750 expectant trippers lett for Liverpool. By the kind permission of Lieutenant-Colonel Ridgway and officers ot the Ist V. B. (Prince of Wales Volunteers) South Lancashire Regiment, the band, under the able leadership of Brigade Bandmaster Armstrong, accom- panird the excursion. Oa arrival at Liverpool, and on the way to the steamer, they struck up the well-known tune "hail, smiling morn." Rugle-Major Plinston was likewise among the band, accupying his old position in capital style. 'flie steamer King Orry had been specially chartered for the occasion, and was moored to the Landing Stage, whither the excursiodists made the best of their way, marching in the rear of the bandsmen. Music was also provided on hoard the vessel which was soon out: to sea with all on hoard.

Your hours sailing brought the party to their destina- tion and afterwards a hot luncheon was served in the , large saloon below to the officials of Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons and several guews. Amongst these who sat down to this rnt at were—the Chairman, Councillor Baird; Alderman Frain:tomb and Wright, Mr. A. F. G. Potter, Mr. William James, Liverpool ; Mr. John J. Dun, King- street brewer ; Mr. 1. C. Brookes,Mr. Cox, R. Ross,fore- Mae of departments ; Professor Grant, managing direc- tor of Falcon Cliff Gtrdens ; Mr. Woods, London and North-Western Railwaa's Company's agent at Warring- ton; Mr. Thompson, Midland Railway Coonpany's agent; Mr. Rigby, Cheshire Lines agent; Mr. Abdy, Great Wes- tern Railway agent; many of the exercise officers attached to the Brewery Company, Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, &c. Many letters of apology had been received, some of which were from Mr. Alexander Bruce, ,chairman director of the Diuglas Electric Tr smear Company ; Mr. T. P. Elli- son, Mr. Walter Keig, Mr. E. Braide, of the London and North-Western Railway Company, and others. The ab- sence of Mr. J. Fulasn Smith was apologized and accounted for by Mr, Potter. Mr. Smith had accompanied the party, as far as Liverpool, where after doing all in his power towards the comfort, he left them to attend to very important and pressing business. The luncheon was of afl excellent character, and at its termination toasts of " Ttw Queen and the rest of the Royal Family," " Our Guests," " Success to Missrs. Peter Walker and Sons. Warrington and Burton,""Ffealth of the Chairman"' were druuk.among the speakers being I Messts. Potter, Professor Grant, Alderman Francomb, W H. J. Jenkins, Rowe,Councillor Baird,Alderrnan Wright. The inner man satisfied, the boat was left and amusement of varied nature indulged in on shore. At Falcon Cliff the plea,ure of the visitors was admir- ably catered for by Professor Grant, admissions to the gardens being tree. The Warrington Volunteer Band was also in attendance,and played for dancing a portion of the time. Some of the parry visited Castletown,Rus- hen Castle, and the House of Keys, whilst others jour- neyed to Laxey and admired the wheel. The return journey was commenced at about 7 p.m , and another pleasant run was enjoyed, notwithstanding that the weather had cu,l•ii since morning. Liverpool was reached shortly before twelve o'clock, and in a com- paratively short space of time all had transferred them- selves to the train awaiting them at the Central Station. The journey from his point, when begun, was very short, it not being quite an hour after midnight when Warrington was reached safely reached by. all of the party. The trippers were also greatly indebted to Captain T. Gibson, of the " King Orry " for his careful attention and to the Chief steward, Mr. W. 11. Kelly for like con- sideration. •

...--401.-.

BIRMINGHAM GOGHS. jewePery. watches, hardware, to", Cycles, furnihre. wrinurs. Agents wanted. Whole- pale book free.—HENRY MAY, (220), Birmingham.

/

===== 0002601_18950713_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMIKK SATURDAY, JULY 13, 1895.

NEW BOOKS,MAGAZINES,ETC.

CASSELL AND Co.—A second issue Of " Cassell', Pocket Library "in " A White Baby," by James Welsh has been received by us. This little story is characterisec' chiefly by that pleasing simplicity which was such an admirable feature in " A King's Diary," though in " The White Baby "is also found simplicity of anothei sort, viz.—negro simplicity,e quality which for all that. is usually upheld by a strong under-current of honesty and faith. So it is in this story, the scene of which is pitched in the hone, and once hell, of the negro slave, the United States of Anserica. Pine Open, a small negre community in the story has for its minister a coloured man, the Rev. Abram White, who in addition to the mast unselfish labour on behalf of his parish has equal trust in his wife, notwithstanding that circumstance- occur which might justify a little doubt. The jealousy of a woman drives her to substitute her newly-born child (a white one) for the sable.hued specimen of humanity just arrived at the minister's house. From this point the "sword of fate " deals out acute self. punishment to the evil-doer by increasing love for her own child—now inaccessible—which this woman bears. Ultimately the clouds disperse and the mystery which had agitated Pine Open is solved, while the inno- cent and guilty causes of it disappear from the story. An amount of interest unexpected from the nature of the tale is furnished, and once started the reader is soon subeervient to a desire to reach the end.—" Little Folks " for July commences a new volume, and in it are also the first chapters of two new serials,one by Mr. Ed yard S. Ellis, and the other by Mr. F. M. Holmes, both of whom have written stories of great popularity for the readers of " Little Folks " in past volumes.— In " The Quiver" for July, Archdeacon Sinclair contri- bute!' a sermon on "St. Patrick," and the Rev. Joseph Parker one en "Things which are Impossible with Men," while Miss Sparrow continues her series of papers dealing with her life among " The Penniless Poor." Further instalments of the two serial stories—' The Warden's Daughter," by S. Southhall Bone. and "The Fortunes of Salome," by Philippa Legge—are given, as well as SE veva' short stories by well-known writers The number also contains various illustrated papers,amongs* which may be mentioned " English Church Life on the ' Continent : Italy," by the Rev. Dr. Robertson,of Venice; "The Water Supply of Jerusalem," by the Rev. Dr. Preston ; " In a Hospital, but Not In the Wards ;" and "The Two Lands and the Bridge Between," by the Rev. George Evera rd Professor Prout contributes a new Hymn Tune. "Cassell's Magazine for July contains a fully-illus- trated interview with Sir Frederick Leghton, P.R.A., by The Baroness Von Zedlitz, and a paper by Elizabeth L. Banks on " The Cheaper City." in which the author contrasts life in London and New York. The secant instalment of the New Serial Story, " Loyeday," by A. E. Wickham, is given, while Grant Allen contributes a complete story entitled " Fogo Skerries," and T. J. Mac- namara a story entitled "The Schoolmistress of Thatc- hamlet." " Do Boys go to Sea ?" is the subject of an inquiry by F. M. Holmes, and " A Bargeman's Village" is a holiday paper by E. Chapman. Various papers in this number which will prove of snecial interest to ladies are " NeW Linen Applique Work," "Chit-Chat on Dress" and " Women and Business Life." The number also contains "A Reassuring Word about Cancer," by a Family Doctor ; and notes on new novelties and inven- tione under the heading of " The Gatherer." " A Woman at Bay," a New and Fljghly Dramatic Serial Story by Marie Zimmermann, begins in the July Part of CASSELL'S SATURDAY JOURNAL, which also con- tains the first of a New Series ct True Stories by Max Petnberteon, entitled " Rogues Under the Red Ensign: Ocean Mysteries I have Known." A Handsome Pictorial sixteen-Page Supplement, containing high-class Engrav- ings, grave and gay, is presented, free of charge, with the part. MACMILLAN AND CO.—Another of the "English Men of Action" series is to hand, " Wolfe" being the title,and the hook an admirable biography of the great general to whom we owe our possession of Canada. Mr. A. G. Bradley, the author, has left nothing undone in the way of introducing the detail which is chiefly instrumental in the fluent aiid-aripreciative reading ot the book. Not only is the narrative vivid, but a wonderful fund of anecdote in which the general plays a part is included in the work, which we are inclined to think will rank as one of the most popular of its series. Another point in De favour is the correctness and reliability of the geo- graphical positions of the events pourtrayed,which same may not unfrequently be counted a failing in similar productions.—A venture which is likely to prove a wise one, is that of reproducine• the works of Charles Kingsley in 11 vole., ponket size, and of which the first is " Hynatia." Bound in buckram and printed by Messrs. R. and R. Clark from new and light-faced type, this edition, will on completion be or "f the neatest and handiest vet issued from the offi .0 0 / the above Publishers. We accord it the welcome which it deserves for Re compactness and other goed qualities.—(each vol 1. 6.) The latest edition of the Illustrated Standard Novels is" The Adventures of Hajji Baba of Ispahan," hy James J. Morier, with most natural illustrations by Mr. H. R Millar. The introduction is from the pen of the Hon. George Curzon, M.P., who says " llajji Baba at once became a favourite of the cultured reading public, and passed speedily through several editions. That popularity has never since been exhausted • and i the constant demand for a new issue 'is a prof not merely of the intrinsic merit of the book as acnntempor- ary portrait of Persian manners and life, hut also of the fidelity with which it continues to reflect, after the Nrise of three-quarters of a century, the salient and unchanging characteristics of a singularly unchanging oriental people." To the absolute truthfulness of the book Mr. Curzon, who is perfectly qualified to speak with authority, bears the following testimony :—" It is no frolic of imaeinative satire only ; it is a historical document. Toe figures that move across the stage are not pasteboard creations, but the living personalities disguised only in respect of their names, with whom Morier was brevight daily into contact while at Tehran. The majority of the incidents so skilfully woven into the narrative of the hero's adventures actually occurred, and can he identified by the student who is familiar with the ire-Meets of the time. It lathe ripened pro- duct of Morier'e Persian experience and reflections acquired and formed during the two visits he made to Persia in an official capacity."—" The Princess Mine," by Richard Harding Davies, is, a very odd conception, being based on a world-chase of this scion of royalty by Morton Carlton, the hero and artist, who has been to captivated with an illustration dereeting the Princess. as to lead him to follow her with half-rnrmed but hopeful intentions. His aim, hewever, is unsucceesfid, though he is solaced by falling genuinely ie love with someone else. The chief feature of the story is its hummir,nf which happy quality there is abundance both in speech and incident. Altogether it is just the style of book to array the surliest person in smiles. Price Is. 6. F. V. WHITE AND CO —These publishers of the nume- rous works of John Strange Winter have, this month issned a small volumne (rafted "Some Love Stories," of which the chief is "Private Tinker," who becomes a martyr to his passion. To many the title might act as deterrenterat we would assure the reading pnblic that these stories are by no means imbued with an extrava- gance ef trssho sentimentality, but on the other hand are written in the author's best style. Most are pathetic, some amusing, hut one and all are exceedingly pleasant to nere.e, while another merit is their shortness and fullness. The many phases of life presented preclude any monotony, and all may be styled healthy reading. T. FIcITER UNWIN.—The "Century Magazine" has a. nsual come forth replete with a first-class budget of literature, hut the article of most note and speeial inter- ne* is " Personal Memories of Robert Louis Stevenson," by Edmund GOSSP, who has confined his record to what he hi rr self ha known and seen. Though a trifle melan- choly, the "Memoirs " ate of wonderful intereatereveal- ing as they do the private side of Stevenson's life and character. Personal anecdotes of value are also related. THE MODERN ART PUI3EI9OIEO CO., LD.—NO. 8 of the "Modern Art and Literature" is again of first, class nature, containing excellent reproductions and good reading matter. There is an illustrated article on " Alma Tedema, R.A.." and a chronicle of "Modern Ghosts : flaunted Houses," etc., etc. YE ANCIENT WARRINGTON."—Part 2 of these revivals of old Warrington, by J. W. Lunt, contains a large number of reproductions illustrative of buildings end places in the town which are well-known by repute where demolished and more an where in existence. Among them are "Cromwell'e Lodgings," "Old Warring. ton Bridge," "Old Blue Coat School," " Marquis of Grenby," etc., etc., while the last in the number is the well-known eon-dial in Stanley-street. WARD, LOCIL AND BOWDEN LTD.—With this month's " Windsor Magazine "a new volumele co:menet:4-I,mA considering the success which the first has commanded, a new army or purchasers may be expected. All the good features are retained and new ones announced. 1 AFRICAN COAL AND EXPLORATION CO LIMITED. African coal and exploration shares are being bought in apparently well-informed quarters upon rumours of important discoveries having been made upon the coin- pans's property. There is just now considerable excite- ment at Lydenburg, and Barberton respecting the recent discoveries in those districts,and this is rapid' v spreading towards Middleburg, where the African Coal awl Ex- ploration Company's property is situated. According to cable advices there is a considerable degree of aria- loge between the discoveries recently made in all three districts, and it is to this that the large amount of buy- ing cf African coal and exploration shares during the past few days in the London market is chiefly attribut- able. The price closes firm, and with a rising tendency at 6s. 61. to 7s. The coal seam on the company's pro. petty is reported to be 181 t. thick, and it is well-known that recently some large contracts have been entered into for the supply of coal to several important commer- cial undertakings in the district.

ALT.COCICS CORN EXTRACTOR. A Corn Plaster Combined (Patented), a wonderful improve ment. This Plater is the well-known Alleock's Corn Plaster wills a little sit-c added that in a few days extracts the Corn, and rf lief is felt as soon as applied; for all pressure of the bo tie I emoved. D .n't he put off With any other r-nudv, as none other will give the immediate comfort. Palen 70, and 15.11 d., t.er box of all Chemists. Sold by : ~ It. lona°, Pharmaceutical Cl, smist, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

GBC. G. BUSSBY & Co., the lercling Sports Manufactur- ers of London, S. it, have published a most complete catalogue. It is bound to interest Cricketers. Golfers. len- nisers, Croquet Players and the like. If you cannot obtain a tmpy from the local Dealer, send a post card to G. G. B. & Co.. as above. Winter Sports Catalogues ready in August.

WARRINGTON v. BROUGHTON.-It was to be regretted that the match between the above clubs should have had the unsatisfactory termination as was the case on Satur day. The match was the return, and in the original game, played at Broughton in May, it will be remem- bered that an unsatisfactory decision given by the Broughton umpire was averred by the Warringtonians to have spoiled their chances of victory. The same official acted on Saturday, and on several occasions during the progress of the game his decisions were severely ques- tioned, and the large crowd present were not slow at giving signs of disapprNval of such conduct. The climax was reached when a palpable case of Tomlinson being leg before wicket,was ruled in the batman's favour, and the home captain appealing to Mr. J. H. Payne to have the umpire substituted, the request was not acceded to, and the bell was rung and the players returned to the pavilion, the match thus being abandoned. Score and bowling analysis :- 1

WARRINGTON. BROUGHTON. R Smith e Payne b Sharpe 10 J G Heap b Connor J J Crosfield b Sharpe Lieut. Plomer b Sharpe l5 H J O'Neill b Connor 1 Bates 0 Payne • 2 A Lyon b Connor 6l. G Clarke bSh irpe .. Wll Podmore b Sharpe Lieut. Tupman b Sharpe 0 P Beech not out E England h Norbury Clark not out E Connor c Sharpe b A Tomlinson not out Payne l5 H Ashton c Nor'.ury b Payne 0 Extras lO Extras... ...... 8

Total 144

BOWLING ANA LYSTS.

Total 135

WARRINGTON. 0, M. R. W. BROUGHTON. 0. M. R. W. Sharpe Payne A C Tomlinson 3 0 18 0 11 Smith 8 1 28 0 C Norbury 5 0 20 1 Bate, Connor bowled 2 no-balls and Bates a wide.

WARRINGTON 2go Xf. v. BROUGHTON NV XL—Thq re- turn fixture between the above elevens came off at Brouehton on Saturday in fine weather, before a moder- ate attendance of spectators. Score :

WARRINGTOX. BROUGHToIf. Adamson c ana b Shutt 2l Hun Stan b Bushworth ... 35 Rnshworth h Shutt 0 Webster lbw b Brown 27 Hampson c Diamond b Diamond not 0ut.... '4hut Duckworth non out Bibby b Shutt _

Crompt^n 1) Kerridge 4 Crornoton Brown not out 5l Shutt at liampson b Sll- - b Webster 1 cock Fl,-rning. Silenek, and Pod- .. _ . .

more-c1;r1 not bat. Extras l9 Extras l4

Totll 196

Total .-- ......... 143

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. flatsßY.—The return enernin- ter between these two clubs was played on the Wire Mills ground on Saturday. Score : WIRE MILLS. KELSEY. William c Crossland b Crossland b Hobson Romanian 3B Plews c Scorisbrick b Marshall b Flews 0 'Hobson 5 Cook clitilman b Plows ... 5 Stott b Hobson 0 Simpson b Price Hobson b Plows Woodcock b Plews 6 White b Simpson ...... 0 Evans b White 4 Taylor not out warburtonb Harnaman ... 2 Harnaman lbw b Hobson 4 Bailey not out 26 Haight b Simpson Scarisbrink b Harnamon ... 0 Harding b Simpson 0 Houghton a Stott b Cro, is- Bulman b Hobson 0 land 0 Extras 4 Extras

Total

Totil 2l

SANKEY WESLPYANS v. SUTTON L. & N.W.—Played at sutton on Saturday,and resulted in a win for the homes- ters just ffin time. Score :

_ SUTToIf. SANKEY WESLEYAICA. :I Johnson b Watkins lO Llewellyn c Lowe b John- J McTear et Clare b son l2 Wa, kin s 2 Surilow run out l7 P Taylor b Watkins MOW° b Llewellyn 1 Taylor b Johnson A Harrison b Llewellyn J Slade b Wwellyn 0 Booth c Foley b Johnson 0 J Fairhurst b Taylor 29 Bennett b Lowe 2 ti Hawkins c Bailey b Llght b Taylor l4 Watkins l2 Watkins b Foley 8 T Smith run out 4 Petchard not out 1 J Foley c Eight h Watkins 1 Griffiths b Taylor 0 T Darning not out Extras 6 Extras 4

_ T0ta1...... 92

Total 66

ST. ELPHIN'S T. CAIRo-sTREET.--Played at Marsh yino.e-lane and resulted in a victory for the home team by 15 runs. score :

ST. ELPHINS. Scarisbrick c Plinston b

CAIRO-ST. Knowles b Searisbriek ... 0

Shaw Collin b Plinston lB Shaw run out Shaw la Plinston Maskell b Shaw Barnes b Shaw 2 Pllnston c Mask,ll b Mason b Plinston Hatton b Shaw 0 Lawless run out Rol-Anson et Rudd b Shaw... 0 Walker run out 6 Saunders c Lawless b Wright absent Plinston, 0 Ashton b Barnes 0 Howard b Plinston 2 Eivry st Shaw b Barnes... 6 Cassidy not out 1 Extras 5 Extras 3 Total 44 Total ~.

CAIRO-STREET UNITY (2ND ELEVEN) V. BUCKLEY-STREET S.S.—Played on Satu-day on the ground of the former, the visitors winning easily by 32 runs. Scores :

CAIRO-STREET. BUCKLEY-STREET. Dale b Leech 1 Spruce b Woods . .

Mellor b Hinehliffe - . ..... 2 Woods b Hineliliffe T Bennett run out _ _ . .. __

H -iennett run out 2 VV right Wright h Hir chliffe Woods b Spruce Rudd b Hinchliffe R ,oke b Spruce 1 J Lech b Wright 4 4 pencer b Spruce .. Langley riot out ....... ~..... 0 Simpson b Wright .1 Pugh b Woods A Leech not out Extras 2 Extras 1

Total l4

Total 46

SANKEY WIRE MILLS 2ND V. CASTLE RUBBER WORE.. IsT.—This match was played on the ground of the last named club and resulted in a win tor the Wire Mills by 39 runs. Barlow hatted well for his score. He!shy and Croaskill shared the bowling. Helsby taking 3 for 8 and Crosskill 6 wickets for 4 runs. Score : SANKEY. RUBBER WORKS lsr. Moss c Bond b Lally Pal -ner c Bond b Lally 1 Chapman is Helsby 0 Barlow b Chapman 25 Bond c and b Crossk i a ... 2 Rutter b Lally Hebaby b Cmgrove 0 Lally c Helsby is Crosskill 7 Orosskill b Cosgrove Unsworth lbw b Chapman 3 Swarbrick 13 Helsby 1 Jackson b Chapman Alcock is Chapman 7 O'Brien b Helsby 0 Cooper not cunt 4 Ogden b Cross kill Massey c and h Chapman... 0 button not out Extras 5 Extras

Total

Total l5

ST. PAUL'S V. BEWSEY WHITE STAR.—This match wag played on the ground of the former and resulted in an easy win for the visitors. Score :

BEWSEY WHITE STAR. ST. PAUL'S. J Sykes h Lawless C Morrall ran out 4 Pickford c Middleton b IL Hill b Newton 0 Ratcliffe 14 RAtellffe run out 3B Lawless b Ford 2 G Ford (eapt)b Newton— 5 Jones b Ford 1 J Pidduek b Newton T Wellington run out l6 Ormsby not out N Barnes not out 2 Newton run out . 0 J Wid4leton c Poulton b Kenwright b Ford Lawless P Knowles not out 1 b Ratcliffe H llorobin to bat Poulton is Ford 2

. _ Ashton run out 5 Extras 2) Extras lO

Total tor 8 wk ts 104

Total 44

1 1, WINTON V. HOUGH GREEN.—This match was played at Weston, on Saturday. and resulted in a victory for the home team. Score : WESTON. HOUGH GREEN. Hope b Booth J K Tudor .3 Merrick b Calland b Kershaw 3 Garstang Kershaw h Wand 22 Kershaw l2 Lightfoot b CaHand Anderton b Garstang 7 W Walker a Hershlw b J Tudor c Calland b Gars- Hughes tang 0 Sparkea b Kershaw 1 Hughas b Booth . Owen b Kerry 0 Kershaw 4 Pendlebury c Critchley b J Walker not out lO Kerry 0 T Booth C Bowles b Bowles not out 4 Hughes Atherton retired hurt 1 Lewis e and b Hughes 0 Critehley b Hughes Extras lO Extras 8

Total 69

Total 43

HOLY TRINITY (VIARRINGTON) V. LYAIM CC—Holy Trinity journeyed to Lymm on Saturday to fulfil their retJrn engagement with the above club. The captains decided on two innings. The visitor hatted first, and scored 19, Lynam putting together 37. In the second innings the Trinitarians fared a little better, making 48. Lvmm eventually won by 14 runs. Jones for the visitor. took 9 wickets for 30 runs. Score : Lymm C.C. 81, Holy Trinity 67. ST. MARY'S JUNIORS V. J. FRY'S TEAM.—Played on the ground of the f( rmer. J. Miller and T. Dilworth bowled well for the bon:eaters. Score :—Juniors, 67; Fry's team, J 18.

WIDNES V. RoNcom—At Runcorn on Saturday. Score :

RUNCORN. WIDNES. Wright b Bingham 7 Smith b Cragg 2 Howard run nut Gone b Bingham l3 Cragie Abrams b Bingham 4 Edwards c Abrams b Jeacock run out Evans b Bingham Heath c Barker b Bingham 11 Harri on run out 4 Cross c Holt by Hyle ll Callon not out Warder 13 Hyle 4 Walton run out 0 Tickle not out Cragg 0 Parkinson b 'Lyle 0 Hyle c Cross b Jeacock 4 Halt c Cr igg b Abrams Williams absent 0 Extras 3 Extras 1

Total 72 Total FRODSHAM TRCNITY V. HELSEL—PIayed on Saturday. Score :—Frodsharn, 51 ; Helsny, 43.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GENERAL ELECTION.

A special supplement to the " London Gazette" was issued on Monday evening dissolving the Parliament elected in 1892, and ordering the issue of writs fir the calling together of a sew Parliament, which is to assem- ble on the 12 August. The writs for the London elections were delivered by special messengers on Monday evening and those for the elections in the provinces were handed in at the General Post-office in time for despatch by the evening mails. Mr. Gladstone's " watchwords " for the Liberal elec- tors are vindication of the right of the House of Com- mons to govern, and justice to Ireland. Mr. Morley in his address to the electors of Newcastle says that the question of the better government of Ire- land remains with hi m,as it has so long been, in the fore- front of Liberal policy, and it is on this issue that he makes his most direct appeal for a renewal of their con- fidence. add election MR. GLADSTONE AND THE HOUSE OF LORDS. The " Westminster Gazette " has received the follow leg message from Mr. Gladstone . " Hawarden, July 5, 1895. . .

"Above all other present purposes vinaicain the rights of the House of Commons as the organ of the nation ; and establish the honour of England, as well as Cool34ii- date the strength of the Empire, by conceding the just and constitutional claims of Ireland.

"W. E. G."

Mr. Beaufoy (Liberal) is being opposed by the friends of Local Veto at Kennington. Mr. Gladstone, having been asked to give his opinion, writes to the chairman of Mr. Beaufoy's Committee condemning a "practice which from time to time reappears in the Liberal party," but " which is carefully and wisely .voided by the Tories." Some section of the party, "anxious for some one cause out of many," determines to treat it as the sole cause at an election. The consequence is that, " While the Liberal party is the strongest in the country, small sec- tions of it, by most unwise and unintelligible conduct, convert it from a majority into a minority, and give power to those whose opinions they themselves usually detest and always disapprove." In a letter to a corres- pondent at Rochdale Mr. Gladstone says he can take no part in elections beyond giving his vote.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S POLLING.

The following constituencies will be polled to-day (Saturday) : Barrow-in-Furness Grantham Perth Bury St. Edmunds Greenwich Rochester Chatham Leicester Salford (3) Christchurch Lincoln Taunton Darlington Manchester (6) Winchester Derby Monmouth Windsor Exeter Preston York

===== 0002601_18950713_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

WORKINGMHNS' GOSPAL I'EMPERINOR MISSION. On Saturday a pleasant social meeting was held in the hall in Buttermarket-street,when a conversa- tion took place upon the need for all Christian and temperance people being true to their principles, and working and voting only for candidates at the forthcoming election who pledged themselves to place the control of the liquor traffic in the hands of working people. On Sunday night a Gospel tem- perance meeting was held in the usual place, Bewsey-street. Mr. J. Drury presided, and several spirited addresses were delivered. SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. vrPh handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. Du.mer, 16 and 18, Sank ev-• Warrington.— 4dvt.

- -WRINGING MACtUNES. GARLAND, Ironmonger Warrington. ENGAGEMENT OF THE HON. LADY WALKER. A marriage has been arranged, says the "Morn- ing Poet " and will shortly take place, between Mr. Lort Phillips, of Lawrenny Park, Pembroke, and the Hon. Lady Walker, widow of Sir Andrew Barclay Walker, of Osmaston Manor, Derby.

SEWING MACHINES Hand a 18s. 6d. Trend! 4 with handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON 15 a rid 18 Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt. LAWN MOWERS. .GARLAND, Ironmonger, Warrln4ton and Harleato.m.

LOCAL PREACHERS MUTUAL AID ASSOCIATIO

During the course of Sunday, sermois were preached in Bold-st. and Bewsey-road, Penketh, Moore, Whitley, Antrobus and Appleton Wes'eyan Churches, and collections made on behalf of the Wesleyan Methodist Local Preachers' M utual Aid Association. This association was established in the year 184 s to afford relief to its members during periods of sickness and in old age, and also to pro- vide a sum of money for their decent interment. It now numbers 5,328 benefit members and 2,024 honorary members. We understand that the total amount paid to the sick, seed, and for deaths since the association commenced payment to the mem- bers in 1851 has been as follows: To Ock members. .E 46,764 to the superannuated, £75311; and for deaths, £16,175. Sermons for the same object will be preached in other Wesleyan churches to-morrow

===== 0002601_18950713_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENTS.

On Tuesday a lad named Thomas Rowlinson,nine. years of age, and living at 15, Lord Nelson-st., was admitted into the Infirmary suffering from a scalp wound and a crushed arm. It appears that Row- linson was playing in the roadway near his home when he was knocked down by a lurry. He was quickly removed to the Infirmary for treatment.— On Monday night, a serious accident occurred at Hallam Forge. A man named John Carroll (40). and living in Portland-st., was following his usual employment when he was severely scalded on his feet and legs. He was quickly removed to his home, and a doctor summoned, who ordered Carroll to the Infirmary, where he was detained.

FORTHCOMING VISIT OF TM/ nAItOR AND CORPORA-

TION TO THE CLIO.

The annual deputation of the School Attendance Committee to the Ship Clio, will be held on July 19. Occasion is taken of the visit to hand over to the superintendent a cheque on behalf of the Corpora- tion. It is understood that the Mayor has also invited the whole of the councillors to Join him in the visit this year, which will take place on the 19th of July. Subsequent to the inspection of the Clio, the Corporation will dine with the Mayor at Bangor, from whence they will afterwards return home by train.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION. IS EADE'S ANTIBILf OUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER relieve the system of all impurides, which, by circulating in theblood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes af so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

FADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free ort receipt of remittance by GHORGE BADE 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C.

EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

l• •

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Work- house on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Mclntyre, J.P., oc- cupied the chair, and there were also present Admiral Parry, Messrs. T. Baxter, C.C., J. Knowles, J. Weir, T. Lewis, E. Aaron, T. Wright, J. Darbyshire, W. Holt, J. Brandreth, W. Bradford, C. W. Davenport, J. Parr, J. W. Baguley, T. Darlington, J. Whitlow,C. Mounfield, E. Bretherton, S. Woodward, J. M. Williams, H. E. Hey- wood, J. B. Chadwick, J. Ashton (clerk) and G. Ashton (deputy clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer), W. Diggle and J. Swinton (surveyor) and J. Farrington (nuisance inspector).

===== 0002601_18950713_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLETON WATER SUPPLY.

Mr. Hall, of Ivy Bank, Appleton, wrote stating that he had a great amount of sympathy for tbe inhabitants of Weston who were afflicted with a deficient water sup- ply. His sympathy was mainly created in consequence of his being a fellow sufferer—in fact there were the in- habitants of 24 houses suffering likewise. He trusted the Westooians might have a much more speedy deliver- ance from their troubles than appeared probable for them. The Council would remember Mr. Robert Davies brought the subject before them twelve months ago. What had they done towards giving them a continuous supply of water in the:meantime ? They had had a whole year to do something. To-day they were in a worse position than they were at that time.Ele almost wished the whole of the members of the Council resided where they were led to depend on a town's supply, and then the supply daily withheld from them. Seeing that they had been long suffering and had patiently borne their afflictions for twelve months, he might say that for several years there had been a shrinkage in the supply year by year, until it had become so small that it was unbearable. It was time some steps were taken by the Authority towards providing them with something like a continuous supply. Now, and for some time, their supply was only by night. The most frequent hour for making its appearance was 9 30—he had seen it 11.30 and it took its departure not later than six a.m., but often earlier. This went on daily, or rather nightly, so that unless they kept late hours or arose early they were without water for the whole day. This was no light matter for those who had to endure it daily, and the time had arrived when the Authority ought to take up the question generally of a water supply to the higher parts of the district, and especially for Apple- ton. He did not say this selfishly, but they knew that Appleton had the first claim for water on the Water Company, till the Authority negligently, he would not say wantonly, allowed the Water Company to obliterate it by a clause in a more recent Act.— In answer to a question the Clerk said that if the War- rington Water Works did not supply Appleton properly, the Council could give tt em notice that unless they were able and willing to supply the inhabitants, they would do it themselves.—Mr. Darbyshire said he would like to k. ow whether the writer had communicated with the local Parish Council —Mr. Davenport : Yes several times.—Mr. Darbyshire said that it was not good for two lor three to be poking at this question from different standpoints.—Mr. Davenport said there had been a deal of correspondence with the Corporation of Warrington with reference to the water supply being insufficient. They could not get anything satisfactory from them.— Mr. Parr was of the opinion that according to the Act, the Corporation were obliged to fiod Appleton with a sufficient supply of water.—The Clerk was not sure that they were. The Council could do as he had previously pointed out.—The Chairman said it was perhaps advis- able to write to the Corporation of Warrington asking whether they were able and willing to supply Appleton with water.—The Clerk said several letters had been written to them and the Corporation had promised to provide a better supply.—Mr. Brandreth thought the Council should have a recommendation from the town- ship. He moved that the Clerk write to the Chairman of the Parish Council of Appleton asking him to call the residents together to consider the question and make re- commendations as to what the Council should do in the matter.—Mr. Darbyshire seconded the proposition,which was carried.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON WATER SUPPLY AGAIN.

A communication from Mr. M4rshall, secretary of the Runcorn Urban District Council,was read with reference to the water supply of Weston. He said "At the last meeting of the Water Committee they gave their officers instructions that as soon as this report came to hand they must inquire into the alleged defects and make good those which might be discovered for which this author- ity is responsible. I may say that with regard to the houses between the Round-house and the Royal Oak Inn a defect was discovered before the report came to hand. and which has been put right. This will give some of the houses a better supply. A thorough inspection will be made with regard to the other houses named, and you may rest assured that we shall do all we can to put matters on a satisfactory basis with regard to the 45 houses which your inspector reports as being entirely without water, I beg to inform you that on looking up our men's time sheets we find that the water was turned off at the time of Mr. Farrington's visit, to enable a con- nection to be made from the main to Beaconsfield House, Weston Point. Jam sorry that your Inspector had the trouble of visiting these houses when the water happened to be turned off. I have mentioned the matter to my chairman and he wishes me to ask if your Authority will be good enough to instruct your Inspector to again visit the 45 houses in question and then advim3 us as to how he finds the water supply on his second visit. Kindly let me have this information as soon as possible, as my committee is anxious to di all they can to give as good a supply to Weston as possible and as soon as possible."— Mr. Aaron said the statement in the letter that the water was turned off at the time of the Inspector's visit was inaccurate. He contended that the supply was still intermittent, and last Saturday they had not a "tooth- full." It had, however,- been a little better lately.—Mr. Farrington was instructed to make a second visit and report.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
A DANGEROUS APPROACH AT WANON INFERIOR.

Regarding the dangerous state of the approaches from the Chester Main-road to the new road leading over the Ship Canal at the swing bridge. Walton Inferior, the committee appointed reported tP•at the banks at the west side being high and the corners from the Chester Main-road being sharp it was impossible to see the traffic coming in a contrary iirection. It was therefore very dangerous in its present condition. The committee recommended that as the landowner, Sir Gilbert Green- all;Bart.,was willing to give the land to widen the Ches- ter-road, the particulars should be forwarded to the Cheshire County Council, asking them to give instruc- tions to their Surveyor to take the matter promptly in hand, and have the requisite improvements done.—This was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRIDLE ROAD AT ANTROBIJS.

The committee appointed to consider this matter re- ported that they were unanimously agreed that an en- croachment had been made on the public rights—in the first place by Mr. Richard Vernon, formerly a tenasit on one of Sir E. Antrobus's farms ; and in the second place by Mr. Joseph Bolshaw, on and adjoining the road. The committee recommended the Council to request Sir Edmund Antrobus to put up a gate suitable for a bridle road in place of the fenced rails to the satisfaction of the Council or their Surveyor.—The report of the com- mittee was adopted.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
A FLOODED HIGHWAY AT THELWALL.

The Surveyor reported that the public highway under the Bridgewater Canal and the London and North- Western Railway bridges at Thrlwall was frequently flooded. He had comnnunieated with both companies and both disclaimed any fault in the matter. The road was impassable at times which *as a serious matter.—lt was resolved on the motion of Mr. Whitlow, seconded by Mr. Davenport, that the Clerk write to the late sur- veyor of the Bueldow Highway Board asking for in- formation as to what was done on former occasions.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
TRE MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. Adams report that scarlet fever had occurred at Moore. There were two cases of scarlet fever at Weston Point, and measles were prevalent at Weston.—Mr. Chadwick said he had been asked by the Rev. W. H. S,ables to apply for permission to have the day schools closed at Weston on account of the prevalent disease.— Dr. Adams said it was questionable whether they should interfere with the requirementsof the Education Depart- ment. He thought it would I.‘s wiser to wait to see if any fresh cases developed. There were four families aff-cted with measles, with twelve children.—Mr. Chad- wick sai3 the examination of the children was over and it would only be a prolonged holiday.—Dr. Adams said Weston had been particularly unfortunate. It had scarcely been free from scarlet fever during the past twelve months, and it seemed a pity if they were now to be inflicted with an epidemic of measles.—Mr. Asron moved that Dr. Adams visit Weston, and if he thought it advisable to close the se.haols to do so.—An amendment was moved hv Mr. Darbrshire that there was not sufficient information to justify the Council in closing the schools.—On being put to the vote Mr. Aaron's resolution was carried. ANOTHER SHIP CANAL COMPLAINT. Mr. Parr submitted A. letter from Mr. T. Hall. who stated that the Ship Canal Co. were turning the "Stag" swing bridge at Walton for the purpose of passifig bal- last trains underneath This was contrary to the powers of the company.—Mr. Pim. sail ,he Canal Company had no right to stop the traffic for that purpose at all. The late Daresbury Highway Bond refused them permission. —lt was ultimately decided that a small committee con- sisting of Messtirs 13,trr,Weir.and Davenport should visit the place and report to the a onneil. THE INSPECTOR'S REPORT. Mr. Farrington. nuia. PCP iesnector. reported that the town pit at Thelwall was pollute.l with sewage. It was explained by Admiral Parry that the matter would be brought before the nex, Parish Council meeting.—The Inspector reported th,t 15 houses in the township of Grappenhall were wit hnnt a water supply.—lt was de- cided that notice he served ipon the owners for a supply to be provided.—He also reported that five houses situ- ated at Belsbv were without a water supply.--Notices were ordered to be served noon the owners.—He further reported that three houses in Helsby were without Suffi- dent ventilation and there vas also itsufficient privy accommod,tim. —lt was d‘e;dsd that the matter be re ferred to the Medical Officer of Health for his report therenn.—A certificate of occupation was granted for a caretaker's how, near b. the Wesleyan Chanel, Five Crosses, Frodshem This concluded the business.

THE RE-UNION OF THE CHRISTIAN CHURCHES.

REPLY TO RUNCORN OBJECTIONS. The Rev. Father Bryne, 8.A., of Widnes, preached the anniversary services on behalf of St. John the Bantist school, Weston, at St. Edward's Catholic Church, Ran: corn, on Sunday. He referred to the re-union 0t Christiandom, and dealt with the criticisms made on the Pope's letter by several ministers of the town, At the morning service he said they recognised that digank'n meant disfranchisement and disinheritance, whereas union meant possession of the means of g,race here fla of eternal glory hereafter. But while willing to reunre.! many wished union to result through compromise. EaT body of Christians, they contend should relinqui!:s everything obnoxious to others, so that all might agre!. in a common practice of faith. At the root of most otg the errors of to.day was the false principle that man sq, allowed to choose what he liked from the sacred 130 ~ohe and that his private judgment might form to him,' I authoritative basis of his faith. He proceeded to (leas, with Catholic doctrine, and quoted from the Penn,4 catechism taught to all the children, which set falc that to ave their soul they must worship God by trpe, and charity. When they said the Pope wafl d fallible, they meant that he could not err as shepher and teacher of all Christians in defining a doctrine Oh', cerning faith or morals to be held by the whole Charcild, It was for want of thought that men spoke as they of and he was surprised that they should be gal blasphemy. What church claimed the gift of in bility to which the words of Christ were pledged ? could only find one, which was the Catholic The preacher gave the Catholic and Protestant verbs!on. of many passages of scrinture,in proof of their teac. as to the gift of Christ of all pc wer to the Church s g lesn'r should continue to the end of the world. It Waolf that there was a Catholic Church, and when the Ghost spoke no man dared contradict. In e,e,rtilautral'a ters there was liberty of opinion, but in all `-"triaes there must be unity. They must adhere to the defe'oct of the Church as they did to the rules of tP'eseen- scienees. He would never favour comprolni'e 'n erit should mcie. tials.for to do so he would blaspheme, and the first and seconddeath. Of course there %vett: etfaj' oh siastieal laws with regard to which a comPOni;;;,e and 313oemmaadnd e. her eprCihesutrs to y Church might relax her m diaclv- allow tosers;_eicna. them to enter the married statme,lsandinoErdnegrlisthhe to be said in the vulgar tongue ; but in, e I eon' tials she could not make any change. "rsveston elusion he appealed earnestly on behalf 01 v f the "e schools, spoke in high terms of the efforts Dr. Gastaldi in the cause of education.—All the e—aised aerviee he said he had to answer some objectiona4oreh It was a hard task. He showed that the Catholic I, ei dm pntoitn nbelieve jtehgants there Christ. was a When they e tetherhe ma lei,de di aft: p: ° .otn 01:1 eattooll; VirAn they asked her to intercede or Plea" They did not believe that the Blessed Virgin w 5 in way equal or comparable to God,for she being a c.r,„ 30 was infintely less than God. Nor did theY nit-boW, powera an what she derived from Him. Be aaa",,- ban could his man stand in the chair of truth, ere tof, an' fatee at of neighbour expres aloha which w or which he was ig "orant If he kne; vaa j. were false he was a slanderer, and if through for by he was on the horna kno lemma, ly' All that CatholicshdiessiPreodsitwMans abefawiraafiebldn.acigetode-seto the man who in order to gain a little popularitY,fleigb. make a point against his adversary, defamed hiathot be hour's fair character by lies. Who dare tell hial II she was an idolator and worshipped the Virgin Alailt„lik was coldly called, and that he put her on the throne ia unto Gad ? He did not make Our Lady a odd.' ttist any sense Then again Catholics did not believecoald any sin could be forgiven for money. The Priest e or not promise forgiveness unless there was nenil,l4:cepolt,,e wrongs committed and a future amendment • "" TheY of the Catholic religion as a veryhard on- to make their contrition before God for eat ,a confessed nrda pfs promise eer doh atswtein without cromoot tetfosestscaos onmi omt ens m; pthwi te hnet they oiht eahwi sina, eder eto a abca aasaipktn thif. sooami rs, dnf6 aar aggriu:lic Ica; es: !ete ler 0:60.,; pore I punishment the priest never dismissied the IA aot th Godly life, and were blamelessly ignorant of e her persons, the' lie religion being the true one, were excluded Afr?aintbreed fSd their redeemer, ytihdeffnguethwenyubldelifeovreadivteherseinwseastohnaet 00- I t Chri.e_., committed. Men were t ' dl with t° no nigger y vvi „ „ taken 4 worship of ,ed• As Catholics they were ol'e" s and that they repented the sins tociqo the IleelfPothg task for nohe - Priest was made up of nine-te_ently, the noir s,r,f,,iires, which he had to rereat fer..Ls the n that the c a reverence for the Bible. ffi , ~f a z attentively, and devoutly. They were Bible. taught to a's'orbjcl. ible. It is said that the Roman Catholics had :„ ti3oo were den the circulation of the Bible. Those Statenlen abaolutel Y lies. The Church gave distinctive instro, of that the Bible was to read. under the surveillan,i7oo( her ministers, and she taught that there was "°ei arci under heaven so full of edification when rightly' rea ouch Understood. They were accused of dwelling nn certain points of the life of their Blessed Childhood f ,hildnood and passion. This e be 7 was not tru • ,-,harc one of these who spoke of the re-union of the d tha' for whom he Professed his absolute reverences ardi We° iiarsr"here °lt was the venerable pantor of the Church of PIO° ;le 913,„15 Wood, who had such a good name in the to",.:ninion a. man after his own heart. Ho stated h t ia "„- silo°.ti he spirit of gentlenpas, and as a Christian Intim speak. Canon Wend did not agree wit t h bis sor , nevertheless he had the courage elt.cithell; iv e tons,and explained them as a Christian o iutr., obrOo nfortunately, had given too free use to oPPr epithe's.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN TECHNICAL INSv

POSTPONEMENT OF THE or— ' icied ' cri::Tngrtst.h.peo.ohnT,eet• h 1 ne wi oe,,,,fayslptc7lir.,innlsearetiruction Committee have 'ej 11311 ti. tilt:fro ct4h‘ Pn" letter frottl Sir John • tlxqests that the 31st inst. should be the nne • nin.c• of th, Inqtit t ' h 1895' e Wi nn inato 0 U m. which the sob i fi i n p d onenif ell ther77l fi KEII, ; ( pal en, forte, i onr: T e ei.:10:::00, theAsti,tAi”-berifiretr! Dear Isir. - .n id "A 1I . Northwich, loly' Bt_,, by th r. liearshan H•• vitea re- Chairman of the Technioll I ' 'on Coro— ' bole fl.-.17.',47 the date fixed for thne'ntrnelentiln of the rr,heCA COI: forq elusion the'ti 'e3l 'To; 31st Ili .n, theqtt h. ifl7t 'h. h—a that committeendsav't e'Ttnl6qc'ht lb: ei VI beenlgedn combb'' Ie) neenitni°l2.lte:r3-et; for;t l'itsi wthheomle town, he occasion will he a very haPP9 °Pe tios ho inclizon, and one in which both politicril , , to obt‘;aiin,dtnheticeoanirtnillyo.c. ti,tnawonimalidt77 ;of 0,1):,,fr.-1,1hr5t%,17,.uvr, d'ffie, It d-aired during strife' 901 rri:irinc.hopcighi.iiitny e tihse a period of polities' origin tu• that, if the date would ;V fixed were adhered adhered to, di.enssiOn - iinelv- committeeq of everr ° 09 nrocTri'st. tl)e ar.,,r,lt.whether or no they shoold join in de-wi-la:;,...trii.grela: "w. ?a Idmov: 1 tml nod me he :ors to do -been' slpae the ercn:tacen ad:efeeT:ndi "81 i 'C'th rwr 1:18i lvfno:rgts:lh e:;n: 11:1:1 .1:3 later dabswill he "Pr' that teahrne‘dr heTiiipcichl dhornoeinne Technical tr ntsh Instructioneths eaw h io: •Cpr:irnSbelmei wan int: th 71.1.24 niilytentiranclilli: ih Pils InieZrint7, the some time. I deem 't fitting tn --,4 FlAr : - Press. I had slr:•4•1‘ friend ber"..bst he fair to attend the /merlin.' ac'eeemnmny v 9ed trufolls. may yet find himself able to do so:2--Yourg JOHN T. 13A u

'ENING'

WESTON. pretol rRR CRuncg CHOIR SERMoNS --The 131"1*(iprr; Stll4l'o ot linir Trinity Church, Runcorn, preache ° vicrb° in:ruing in %Wrenn Church, a Parkier t the annual serf mon half ne the choir. The Rev, S. T. b pre,hm in thA popninft. rr,Pections wet° both services and realizad £2 145. FRODSITAM. ,

at ticia, held° the SERvi el services cp—q _--s—re—ri evAre fr 'APnfigAlPthodist Fr;e. Church, Fred sro. 700,1 by the Rev. J. Tavlor. of N thwich ermcns were °reached morning' 3 .ftefrw;he the r 1.17. upnti . ' r'r '• se m, Pillar' gave an interestinff A fhY are, teachers, and friends. A selection 0, ii of, in aid bv the choir. The (Inflectlons. ob'e in dthilPreg'.s t°ooo i aid of the school fund, amounted to £l5 106. '-----40"---. ...-rritaf On ST. LEWIS'S ItE::: ROMAN CATHOLIC 6-- the above church SAt Enovs. sum. There was MiSSO, Cantata in when there waq a good convegation, Rau 'paler men rate's preached by the Rector, the Bev. no giHe in annual aid o ere therm osn esb wo oeir he seopf vet ah cochrenroci4 TS Monaghan. Mass in A wag glln D F• .f;je, after attersby tastefully rendered a solo. noon service there 'was a very Battershv end Mi. Joseph large conle(f; the 1 The choir again sang in good style, whim, NO..eg soprano and base solos were re stef ally 8011.0;010u' Afr ,' hpf Bat .wamtPthr4ebrlv„.7./tr4 ,iatth ptrh the Bruce,ilargtOstrit..lertl.r.tnsfliiT tetli.eTo:cvs.aeoePtotrg Chore', Bedford, who preached " Thy will he done in earth, as it is 10

TRIED AND PROVND ! pelf. Sufferer.; from Gr•vel, Imimbagn, Piles, Painn 17 %Mori, of all Clie,flisfs. Dronyv, Wind and Water Complaint, Pfseasf" °, voil On 0,1 ros'tive o.,re in Ho‘rovl's Gravel Pig,. Try n Bh""r qt^ne• gelation. Rheumatism gni G°"'3oo% if not ntisfierl tour money will ho returned• rot' sottint MrcliPal Gall, elowkli or post. free for staitripn ro enton, Yorks. DO"l '-",,i i; NO Wi you e""t get them write to the Proprietor so 12 .. f..... rut, oTo,iiDe sent next post. —Adv.

I

-0.„ heave

===== 0002601_18950713_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TTITUTA

===== 0002601_18950713_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY :111-ME TA BLE.

JULY FROM WARRINoTON TO , Anton Bridge-7 10,7 35, 828, 10 45, 1 53, 2 35, 515, 5 35, 120. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altcar and Hillhouse-7 12, 8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40,a 65 0 9 Suulays 9 36, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L & N -W.)*30.a3 23, 7 10,9 50. le 0, 1 50,3 11, r 5, 5 is, 720, 11 35, Sundays 30. 3 23,10 15.4 2C, 11 35. a Mou- z, °Ty. *Mondays excepted. . striningham (Midland)_6 14, 9 32, 1155, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, 0 1152. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. '. Blackburn-2 40'S 20, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 40.12 35, 2 25, 3 43, o 14, a 47 10 2. Sundays 843, 60. , Blsckpool-5 20, 545, 835, 955. 100. 11 40,12 35, 2 25, 111, 841, 102. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 60. 460340n-2 45,8 25, 9 19. 10 0. 10 40. 12 14, 3 20, 421, 6 25, 17. 9 8 Sundays 7 40 a.m., 5 0. p.m. `4lBoie-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 10 0, 11 40, 225, 3 48. Sundays 240, ass ~ Chester-7 30a, 7 42, 95, 1023, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 52,3 17, .i,2. 511, 6 4,7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44,10 26, a.m. 7 45, 32. a Mondays and Saturdays only. i Collins Green-7 10. 820, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 55, 20, 78, 9 15, 1020. Sundays 8 43, 60. 2 grevie-a3 0, 53 23, 7 10, 8 28, 9 50; 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, it, 515, 723, 1135. Sundays 30, 3 23, 10 15, 4 23, ~,,v3. aMondays excepted. bMondays only. le'ar"bur9-? 42, 9 5, 1215, 1 52. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 742, 10 14, 4ivii.Ys 8 44, ?45, m 1 DeP' - 8„,,th9 (Mi dland)-6 14. 9 39, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 5 0, 11 53, ' "aoqo 11 45 a.m. 42S p.m. 235 ilqestoAn-,5 45: 710, 825. 833, 1043, 12 7, 12 35. 115, i 15.348, SS, 6 20,7 8, 9 15. 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,7 40, 843, Odi49 .Saturdays only. Vllburgh-2 40. 520, 955, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15, icla3's 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. ddier's Ferry & Peuketh -7 38, 8 25, 943, 11 53, 2 5, Vi 2,0 17, 80, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 7 50. 7 :Mohawk -7 42, 9 5, 10 23, 12 15. 1 52. 3 17. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4, 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. 1 Crathn (Cheshir-e Line)-7 12, 756, 831, 95, 120, 4 5 10. 40, 70, 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- RI, O. 95, 11 25, 2 39. 730, 9 18, 10 2. dSaturdays fl cSaturdays excepted. 40, S2O 955 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 10 ID. 2 40, a.m. 9 45. . ‘lolborue-5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays o. -"8, 6 35, 717, 915 10 10. Sundays 843.60. 0. Qgn tireen-7 12, 7 56,8 31. 95, a 9 30,120, 1 5,2. 10,4 0, 1125 ° Sundays 41/411_, t iti:.°aYo excepted. and Cadishead (Central)- 70, 755, 8 16, 70, 9 15 56. 10 12, 3 23. 5 15, 9 35. 1.104-7rd-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, $4123 6, 36, 1 16, 3 38. 4 11. 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, ° 13 Li Y 5 8 50,3 8, 8 18. aSaturdays only. 11.28E.e,r1)001 (L. & N.-w.)--5 25, 7 10, 820. 835. 10 5, 12 7, ••348, 55,6207 8, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 8 43, 3 23. °. 0. 9 45. From High Level Platform. 115,3 713001 (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,9 43,10 10, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, 1160.97P°01 (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35, 530, 7 12, 7 56, 8 31, 950, 1024, 10 30, 1050, 11 50, 120. 12 50. 12 57, Ibp 1 n4l. 1 50, 2 10, 2 50,3 8. 3 37, 3 50, 4 0, 4 50, 553, 618, nha'• 7 50. 80, 8 50,9 6 920, 10 15 1046. alllO, 11 39, 112, ,Yo 435,5 30, 90, 9 45,, 955. 1125. 220, 239. 7,10, 830. 11,011,2 18, 10 33. aExcept Mondays. ilk ,°,,1 (L.& N.-W.)-a 3 0, 03 23, 7 35. 9 50, 1045, 12 0, 1 1411`,, 05. 3 11, 515, 11 35. Sundays 30, 1015, 4 20, 11 35. .Illikkru (Midland)-6 14. 959, 1139. 1255, 320, 50, 11 53. k t 311145 a.m., 425 pm. 411711101-6 20' 7 22i •80 9. •,09 58 10• 49 12 36,1 16, 3 38, i v 18 46ttu ,i„. 613. 78, a 7 45. 9 13. Sundays 860, 38, 815. ka '-Y5 Silly. From As oli y Station. 1 0 stljhester (L. & N.-W.) )-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 100,10 40, 12 14. bi, ea 4,21. 55, 7 17, 9.8, 1)20. Sundays 245,7,40, a.m., 7 Idn47, 8 53, From High Level Plattorm. 20 °cheater (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-56 20 313 .755' a 57 9 55•10• 114• ' '335 4 9 6 10, 7 5.9 10. 11 40. IldaYs E ng ' .46 0 3 5 815 11 40. *From Arpley Station. ' 56 rll-62'er (Cheshire. Linea)-7 0, 155, 8 16, 8 55, 90, 11 25 155, 255, 3 55, 4 55, 555 el,4r;, , op, 8 12: 11 55 12 558 55, B'ls, 9 85% ialo 0, all 15, 11 50, 11 57a. i3OYo 8 a 56' 93710 12 35 32), 515, 718, 8 55, 9 22, 10 n It' 46 ' ' ' _ _. aSaturdays only. koodrlewich-7 35, 104 S. 2 35, 535, 7 28. •„8e,„,.,,e---7 35, 1 60,2 35, 5 35, 720. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 'O,l*-le-Willows-2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35,9 19, 1, ;10,12 14, 12 35, 1 155 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, 5 35, b 25, 15, 10 10.10 20. Sundays 245. 7 40..8 43, a, m., 0, T 9 23, 9 55. aMondays only, bSatur- Vr-0. 7 55,8 16,8 47,10 27, 11 0, 1227,1 44,2 17,3 55, 12, 9 15, Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 350, 516,9 35. ii'42, 40. 5 20, 545 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35 .-"" 44, 7 17, 8 47, 1.0 2. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0 8 25, 943, 11 53, 25, 320. 5 12, 6 17, 80, or Penketh)-7 56, 95, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0, 15, 44,11 9 ~!, O. 629 a 6 0 7 0 8 0 a 9 30 010 20,1046. Sun- 'ls 0,,1 " 25, 2 3.9, 9.18. .a6iniurdaya excepted. bSatur• them Y• (C.L G 1 ...a -bid • • . ss, , (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line 4 lit, 1414.55, 1227, 155, 46, 6 55. Sundays 55 p.m, 48,055 r,,8,',--525, 710, 82., 836, 106, 127, 1235. 330. 8, 9 15, 1020. Sundays 835. 8 43, 60,9 45 (Cheshire Lines)-.7 12, 8 31, a 9 33, 11 15. ""43.ird "" 40, 53, 65,7 9, 9 10, Sundays 9 30,2 5,8 50, 6?lletwqll' Silly. 8.6134 ~"6 2. a? 45, 9 13. 20. 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 968, 10 49,12 36,1 16,3 38,4 11, 671041; ' Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 18. a Satur- z From Arpley Station. Whe.hire Line.-9 -7 36, 8 31, 9 5,10 5,11. 0.12 0,1 5, 0. 5 29, 00,7 o, 80, 9 10, a 9 30, blO 2.. Sun- -36, 2 39. 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays liftB 320 RA" L a L. an- -•nr •-W-) -7 38, 825, 9 43, 1010, 11 53,2 5, 456 W - 11. 20. 9 jiB• Sundays. 8 48, 4 40. 7 50- .44-2 ale 348 ' , , , - -•-. kl 45, 710, 8 33. 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 1 15. 9 - v 5. 6 14, 8 47, 102, 10 10. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 45

TO WARRINOTON_FROM itte,_tql I) a Art2t 161"404-,6r, 38, 7 46, g 62, 11 43, 3 7„ 4 36, 6 44, 829 Ze 8 Rillhoule-1 16. 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays i• 5 50i', (L. & b7.-W.)-3 10. 5 50, 7 20,9 0, 11 30, 12 15, 64earnia0;‘ Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. 04147_45 (31idland)-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 1133, 1 23, 2 4,0, ntorid "u.ll 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 2,3. 12 55. bkia- -24140,, t4L„ll3ll* 8 4-5 30. 8 50, 1048. 135, 24, 313, 755, 1012. 62,laekp ?, 40, bot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 35, 7 10, 4 ts'ookoo,l7,4odaYs 7 40, 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. 1'656, 8 i'eutra.l)-8 0. 827, 8 55, 9 55. 1010, 2 0, 2 50. 6 . Sundata 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 8 50. a •.). c 45, 80, 8-40, 9 15, 10 35. 12 35. 220, 415, 5 13. 44180rlitto Mdays 820 a.m., 6 10, 920 p.m. ti(ll4Y4 1-2.6" b' 650, 840, 1234, 140, 422, 5 38, 8 41. vr6o 04t,2 oa•nt• a 41, 12 10 p.m. , 1"4•4' 'l5, 55• :1 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 11 5, 1. 40, 1 25, 210 '-' 30, 635, 735, 8 35, 10 J. aiundays 20, 6 30 '416 s,ato 'Pro. alaturdays only. 23n-6 39, 7 is, s 42, 10 9. 12 36, 1 4, 1 43, 2 10 t6-01y4,....2 3, 7 47. 9 16. 1046. Sundays 81 .. a.m., 715. 42, 60, 8 13. 9 20, 115 11 10, 1 50, 2 35, *S,• 44•ettaor,a! Sundays 23. 4 42. 7 10, 2 43. 4 0, 9 12. 44°,7%7E-0 16, 10 17,' 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 13, 10 37a. vs NY-a 737 P.m. aSaturdays only. 24446 u, 10 20, 110 35, 350, 4 45, 7 0, 83, al2 35 Oty, 474 7 30.6 18, 6'50, 3 33. aExcept 124r1e,t,' 43, 6 59, 720, 843, 932, 10 13, 11 29,12 35, 4,.810 66..11 10, 1 33. 3 20' 55 zo. 532. 5 53, 630, 7 38, t P14,,650r2h 1 55. Sund .ys 8340,, 9 52, 10 3, 40, 7 20, 9 27. "1,60,1er.C..-10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 9 10. 16P1.4;1!5.1'."67.r.&. Penketh-7 12, 95.9 41, 12 24, 2 17, 3 2 55, 9 S 3. u nliOar 81 22.7,2 27328, 4 .7, 5 27, 6 57, 7 57 :25-ttc,4(X:ya 659 7 16 'p m. aSat urdays only. 4121,12 66, 2 'hire Lines)-5 44, 627, 745, 90.9 50, 1040. 614 antri „,13, 35, 4 20. 4 56. -5 9. 5 56, 6 57, 93, ,r? 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. 0, 20, 555. 95. Sundays 550, 95. *4, 826 10 22 12 28 241. 535, 820, 91, i 0 st'llzßh 41;1'474 a 40, 7 6, nu,"-6 40, 7 58, 825,99, 10 3,1 9,1 54. 2 24, 319, I ' 918, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20,3 31.4 55, 00111 L 4447 4141 c h a 4.4 '0594 .653 (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 54, BA. 11 20 3,), '72424°11-'4B, 138 I°°. . 84(i15.9321.0 5. .11 17 120. al 45. 2 13. pn.."°•45,.,e" 6 7 6 49, 749. 942, 1127. Sundays 833, -uftturdaYs only bbaturdays excepted. 1411:6%.0, 4 40a Earlestonn)-a2 35, 60, 80, 920. 11 50, 6Na 5 35. 8 35, 10 5, 511 15. Sundays 7 30, 9 20, 25 0 171 40. Itr 6 8d,44._ 0-...ondays only. *Saturdays only. "1 10.,..5.8 20, 9 5e 4 , 9 55, 12 35, 1 30. 2 40, 335, 4 20, 2 ac.a 38 01 (c 45. Bun ays 7 45, 210 7 20, 10 5 _ a a .10a. eotral)-5 35 610 7 25, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 11 30,11 35,11'55, 12 30,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,2 o_, 440, 4 5!, 530, 536, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30, 80 6,4.64',630 6 010 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 2 30, 40. 10°4 (t: .0.833 95,9 35.aMondays and Saturdays only. 1,1'011(1 6.12 o''• I`l.-W.)-5 15, 715,50 10,1210,2 10,4 10.5 30, Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 5 0, 10 O. 12 0. 7it 15, 105, 120. 20, 40, 5 0, a 9 15 14 01 Y 5 3 15,12 O. a except Mondays "0 32, 923957 kt 11 9111 al 37. 25.2 50 Qui SP. en ' ' 15501 h tirda, • 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 825, 225. 3,54ner bSaturdays excepted. T,„'n,• ao,a 45 4 0,650 a 7 0, 85, 9 40, 1125, 7 5,9 20, 10 40. Sundays 80. 950 . ,• Frond Exchange. a Mondays and Saturdays 71. v. 2e4lte 65 5. 520 16l'1. a (London-road)-7 15, 750. 925. 1035. 1235, 1))44n .6 sit 6 5. 7 5 855. 1045. Sundays bSatUrday's excepted.' . Ic %ter 147 8139 .„(eheshire Lines)-6 48 720 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30. ~6 .3'0451.1 30. 12 30. 12 45,, 1 30,, 2 30. 3 30 4 30. kt,i'9l.o 9 n 38,7 30. 3 30. 833, 9 55, alO 50.11 Sun- 3t-tkidrewg,tu• 4.,‘.tau.. 30.10 40.1 40,2 0 2 5,6 40.8 15,9 40. aMon- a 600, 7 only. 11,,t1tt"-"7 0,9 11 37, 2 42, 6 1. 1) vi, 41-le_,?. 11 57, 320 4 50, 657. Sundays 8 15.448. 4,.". 6bc 45, 6,10'0'4.-6 47, 655, 7 30. 8 42, 9 24. 10 9. 1123, ",„; 1 30, 34, 47. 4 53, 55, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30, 'lllldays 949, 100. 3 55,7 20, 11 5. cSatur- *lj 826, 90, 106, 1 9, 2 5, 5 17, 73, 916. Sun- -2 32, 9 12 10 13. ,' „09 9 p 63 36, 5'50. 95, 9 39. 11 2), 11 28, 24 C it4',l 36, 10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 610 .6,71P:1--.43gart1,.,(10•78 excepted bMonday mornings only "'• a 19, 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 256. 440, 5 40 iPenketh)-- 6 51, 8 9 8 41. 925, 10 19, 11 24. t),..2 40. 3 44. 4 25,5 40, 622. 7 26. 934. Sundays 28. (C.L.C.) and) via sials 8 15. Chinley and Dore Line -11 0, 2 0, ill 4125,7 9 18, 9 55,11 15,12 5. 12 50, 1 30, 70, 90, 10 33, pll2O. Sundays 1•• 6 65, 9 5. *Saturdays only. (Lord 0 a Street) 810. 10 20, 11 25, 10. 2 15. • 0, a 9 0,9 35. Sundays 90,25, 8 0. aSatut-

1 -44- (, 1:4:02r,

.z 1 7°5, 37. t 3,4 8 36 9 . 28, 1010, 1113, 115. al 41. 29, 2 55, 6 45, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, 10, 44es a; rurdaVs only. bSaturdays excepted. 6, 8 56, 9 33,10 33,12 16,1 4, 210, •JS. 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 824, 2 50. 7 59, 4a4 46°' (Chem .4 25 Linea)-8 30.9 15. 109, 11 12, 12 25. 1 25. 0'.29a.06,12i 7 16.7 56.9 25. all 42 Sundays 8 42. 4,ttt t 41, 3 5 aturrlays only. ' 7 • 6 33. 8 15, 931, 1010. 11 23, 12 15, 1030. Sur: Lays 2 41, 93) a.m.,8 55,

MESSRS. W. A. BISHOP AND CO., AND THE CORPORATION.

THE WHARF QUESTION.

In the discussions which have taken place in the Town Council upon the recommendation of the Rivers' Committee to let a piece of land near the river to Messrs. W. A. Bishop and Company, for the construction of a wharf, the correspondence with different authorities concerned has been frequently referred to,SI essrs. Bishop and Company have there- fore supplied us with copies of the following letters which show that the proposed wharf has been sanc- tioned by all these outside authorities, including the Ship Canal Company. The following are the letters :

- `• Mersey Conservancy, 5, King-st., Westminster, 16th November, 1894. Gentlemen,—With reference to your letter of the 10th inst. to Lieutenant Sampson, I have to acquaint you that I have not any objection to offer on the part of this Conservancy to the wharf which von propose to construct on the Lancashire side of the Mer- sey above Warrington Bridge, in accordance with the plans which I return to you herewith.—Yours faithfully, GEORGE HENRY RICHARDS, Admiral,Acting Conservator. Messrs. W. A. Bishop and Co." "Manchester Ship Canal Co., Secretary's Office,Spring Gardens, Manchester, 20th March, 1895. Dear Sir,—l am informed by Messrs. Fraser and Warburton that your Corporation are the owners of the land upon which Messrs. Bishop and Co. propose to erect a wharf on the river, and, assuming that this is the case, I have to state that there is no objection on the part of this company to the erection of such wharf in accordance with the plans which they have submitted to us.—Yours faith- fully, A. H. WHITWORTH, Secretary. J. Lyon Whittle, Eq., Town Clerk, Warrington." Duchy of Lancaster, 14th December, 1894. Gentle- men,—The Surveyor General of the Duchy having re- ported upon your application of the 9th ult. lam to inform you that, upon the assumption that the land marked on the plan you send, " proposed site for wharf," belongs to your company in fee, the Chancellor of the Duchy is prepared to grant to your Company by her Majesty's Right and Interest, except the righ., to minerals, in and to so much of the foreshore of the river Mersey as is coloured rod on the plan hereto annexed, upon payment of the sum of £4O by way of considera- tion. The grant would be prepared in the Duchy offices and would be in the form usually adopted for such grants and the fees of office and tue stamp duty thereon amounting to £5 5s would have to be paid by your company before the Duchy seal is affixed. Upon your formally accepting these terms a draft shall be prepared and forwarded for your perusal.-4 am, your obedient servant. J. GARDENER D. ENGLEHEART. Messrs. W. A. Bishop and Co." The Chancellor, Duchy of Lancaster, London, E.G.— Sir,—ln reply to your letter of the 14th ult., we have been in correspondence with the Town Clerk of War- rington on the subject of the proposed site for wharf. The land marked on the plan does not belong to us, but is claimed by the Corporation of Warrington on the ground that they made the street which runs by the side of it. This being so we thought it hest that the Corporation should pay you the sum of £4O by the way of consideration, together with the fees and office duty. We return the plan,and would be glad if you will inform us whether you could not arrange the matter with the Warrington Corporation.—Yours faithfully, W. A. BISHOP & CO."

The last letter, it will be seen, confirms ' ite statement made in the Town Council that it was mainly through the action of Messrs. Bishop and Co. that toe Corporation acquired the foreshore upon which it was proposed to erect the wharf, and Mr. Fleming, the representative of Messrs. Bishop and Co.,in Warrington, informed a representative of the" Examiner "that there had been eight months' labour in correspondence and the preparation of plans.

,04'1'. 4 Otfq:‘, S 7 Peltt 44' 40, 465. 4131. Q, a krt • 4 Zh4i' 2,1144.35'

===== 0002601_18950713_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
otify.

ALLEGED BREACH OF CONTRACT.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, week before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes,John F. Dixon, Arpley-street, Warrington, sued Messrs. Riley and Sons, Hapton, near Accrington, chemical manufacturers, for 184. 2d. for damages for alleged breach of contract, and also for the carriage of goods to and from Bradford. Mr. F. R. Roberts, M.A., L.L.8., solicitor, Warrington, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Nowell, solicitor, Burnley, for the defendant. _ .

Mr. Roberts, in opening the case for the plaintiff, said that the article supplied was muriate of ammonia for galvanising purposes. The claim was, for loss of profit, £3 is. 4d., and for carriage to and from Bradford, £3 1.6 i 10.1. Ott March of the present year, the defendants wrote to theplaintiff for a sample oftmuriate of ammonia. Samples of two qualitities were sent, andia short time afterwards Messrs. Riley and Company directed two tons to be sent of the best quality. Plaintiff at once de- livered three casks of the muriate which were supplied by Mr. Tinnion,of Messrs. Kenyon and Co. as part of the order, and on April Ist,he sent the remainder. No com- plaint was made until April sth. when a letter was re- ceived from the defendants stating that the muriate was heavy with moisture. If that were the case, which the plaintiff did not admit, the moisture must have been absorbed during the course of transit to Bradford, which was its destination, it being required by Messrs. Water- house and Company. The letter also said that the latter refused to accept it. On April 9ch, a letter was received informimg the plaintiff that the muriate was lying at Bradford station at plaintiff's own risk. The plaintiff upon'that took back the goods under protest. The plain- tiff sent in his bill which the defendants refused to pay. He took the goods back because muriate of ammonia was a very easily damaged article, and if allowed to stand on the station long, might have been seriously damaged. He had every confidence that the quality was good,and thii was shown by the fact that the manu- facturer had paid hini back the price that he had charged him. On the every day the goods were returned the manufacturer had despatched a portion of them to another customer, and no complaints had been made. The letter which Mr. Dixon sent on taking back the goods, was then read, but the judge held that there was no protest, and that there was no breach of contract. The only claim which could be made was for expenses. . . . . .

- After consulting with his client, Mr. hoberts with- drew the claim for breach of contract.

Francis Dixon was then called. He said that he was manager for the plaintiff who was his son, and was a chemical merchant. He obtained the samples which were sent to Messrs. Riley from Messrs. Kenyon, the manufacturers. The bulk sent to the defendants was equal to the sample. David Tinnion, managing partner for Messrs. Kenyon, chemical manufacturers, Bank Q:iay, said that he had been connected with the firm for 18 yeirs. When asked for a sample by Mr. Dixcn, he took it from the stock, and the muriate sent out was fully equal, in fact better than the sample. It was better because at the time the order was sent off, the muriate was not so dark in colour as at the time the sample was sent. They never guaranteed the quality of the muriate they sent out. It always schrank when kept in casks.—Cross-examined : He simply took a sample from the stock in the works. He did not keep any to compare with the sample sent. An average quality was sent with the order. Mr. Nowell briefly addressed the Court for the de- fence and then called upon Frank English, who said that he was a chemist in the service of the defendant. He received the muriate in a bottle produced as a sample from Mr. Dixon, and also the other bottle produced from the order which was supplied. The article supplied was damp,and not equal to the sample.—Cross-examined : He did not take the sample himself, but received it from Herbert Spinks,the traveller for the Company. ' Herbert Spinks said that he received an order from Messrs. Waterhouse Bros., Bradford, for muriate of am- monia for galvanising purposes, and he ordered it from Mr. Dixon. He saw the casks when they arrived, and they were in a wet icondition. In one cask which was opened, and out of which the sample produced had been obtained, the muriate had sunk four or five inches, and the water had drained out of them.—Cross•examined : He did not analyse the water,and could not tell whether there was any muriate in the water which drained from the casks. _ . .

His Honour said that the stare of the casks when they arrived at their destination was of no importance. The defendant should prove that it was in the same condi- tion when sent from Warrin4ton. Mr. Nowell called two more witnesses, Fred Green- wood, goods agent, Dudley Hill station, and Edward Waterhouse, of the firm to which the muriate was CON- signed, but as neither these gentlemen could prove the condition of the goods when consigned, his Honour said that he must give judgment for the plaintiff for the ex- penses of carriage. He had no evidence before him that the goods were in an unsound state when sent from Warrington. lie would therefore give judgment for plaintiff for £3 les. 10d.

The decision of the Court of Appeal in a Bettwx-y-Coed case in which damages were claimed for injury sustained through the lettir.g of apartments in which there was infectious disease was given on Tuesday. The judgment of the Court was,that the landlord of a house is not responsi- ble for infection which he has neither knowledge of nor power to prevent, such, for instance, as the visit to the house of an infected person who might leave the infection behind him.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
R'S LITTLE PILL:

Ct Bile Ballow Complexion, an Sick Headaches promptly: end cure theta so as to stay' =reit Chemiateoa.

CARTEL LIVER PILLS. Small Pill. Boma Dory for lmafl Price. i'4 IITL Vorty in a :IV R '•• S Purely Vege.-i --' table. lore Torpid Liver, Bile am• .

===== 0002601_18950713_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
1 ca., ke-5.4,?ab

_ BEAUTIFUL TEETH ell who two dnily on the tooth bruit a tow tlrr,p3 oi SOZODONT, pleasantest deatitnce in the world.

Cleanses the teeth, and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth. rosy Ups, and fragrAnt breath ensured. Ark for I/OM:WONT.' fie.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL NOTES.

The Rivers Committee must by this time have come to the conclusion that it is by far the most important of the Committees of the Town Council, for at the last meeting for the third time it mono- polised the lion's share ot the discussion. The other Committees were nowhere, in comparison—at least scarcely anywhere. The Health Committee was reminded that there are two or three serious nui- sances which are causing a good deal of discomfort tu a portion of the inhabitants of Warrington, and which require immediate attention. One of these is the stagnant portion of old river behind Wilders- pool Causeway which, it was said, had become so bad as to drive tenants from some of the adjacent houses. The other is Sankey brook—the very name of which seems to be associated with unpleasant odours. Councillor Plumpton drew a lively picture of the present state of the brook, and Councillor Monks ventured the remark that if an aldertnan or two had lived in the Bank Quay direction this par- ticular nuisance would have received more attention than it has done.

The Fire Engine Committee also came in for lertain amount of criticism. The Committee pro- posed to augment the fire brigade by six men and to plovide certain aldiion& appliances, but it was suggested that nothing of this kind should be done till the special committee appointed to inquire in- to the affiirs of the brigade had made its reports, and most of the minutes of the committee were withdrawn. Enough was said in the debate to show that there is plenty of room for inquiry by this Committee. One speaker, Councillor Plumpton, stated that hydrants had been put down by the Water Committee, but no marks had been made to indicate their position; and Councillor Roberts as- , serted that there had been a considerable amount of ' friction between the Water Committee and the Fire Engine Committee 'Nis was denied by Alderman Francomh, the chairman of the first-named com- mittee, but other members of the Council supported the allegation of Councillor Roberts. It was fur- ther alleged that even the Water Committee did not themseives'know where all the hydrants were, and that there were two, if not three, different sorts of hydrants in the town. Altogether the debate was not at all of a reasr.uring nature with regard to the arrangements made for coping with fire, and, as we have said, there is clearly room for inquiry by the special committee. Meanwhile, the Fire Engine Committee is as Councillor Woods said with un- premeditated humour, in a state of' superstition." 1

The minutes of the Rivers Committee upon which the discussion turned were the same as those re- jected at the June meeting of the Council. One I proposal referred to the letting to Messrs. Bishop I and Co., a plot of land near the river for the erec- tion of a wharf, and in moving the adoption of this proposal Councillor Roberts expressed the opinion that the previous rejection had been largely due to a misapprehension of a personal nature Ile believed that certain councillors had been led to believe that some members of the Rivers Committee who were connected with a newly-formed shipping company were personally interested in the construction of the wharf. This, Mr. Roberts pointed out, was a complete mistake as the ships owned by the Company were sea-going vessels and could not pos- sibly ger, up to the wharf. ilaving brushed this cob- web aside, and also the fallacious argument that the Ship Canal Company were opposed to the wharf, Mr. Roberts gave some reasons why the , Council should allow the wharf to be constructed He thought it was the duty of the Council to offer all the facilities they could for the encouragement ,of local industries. The objects of Messrs. Bishop and Co. who had established a new industry in the town, was to get their materials to and from their , works in a less expensive way than at present, and , if in the future they undertook a certain amount of I general carrying that would be of benefit to the smaller traders in the town. That the Corporation were making a Roori bargain be proved by showing that they would get a rent of £2O a year for a piece of land which had only cost them £4O, and which I they had secured mainly through the instrumenta- lity of Messrs. Bishop and Ce.

This was the case of the Committee so far as the wharf was concerned, and it seemed conclusive enough. But it was soon evident that the opposi- tion was newly, if not, quite, as strong as ever. Councillor El.pherd again moved an amendment to reject the proposal but studiously refrained on this occasion from giving any reason for his action. The argument that the wharf would ,be injurious to the Ship Cana) had evidently become unusable, Alder- man Greenall siconded the amendment. but Coun- cillor Plumpton, who:was neutral on the previous occasion, declared that he would !support the Committee on this CouncillAr R. T. Fairclough urged that an obstruction to the street would be caused by the when, and Alderman Sutton ingen- iously suggested that the wharf question should be allowed to rest until the relative positions of the Corporation and the Ship Canal Company with re- gard to the river had been definitely ascertained. Councillor Monks warmly repudiated the insinua- tions that he was likely to receive pecuniary benefit from the wharf.as he had not even any con- nection with the shipping company that, had been ' named. He was in favour of the wharf because at the present time the small traders and shopkeepers were not able to derive any advantage from the river. As for the large manufacturers they looked after themselves. Councillor Monks was also sar- castic with regard to the settling of public busi- ness in the bar parlours of public-houses and at political clubs. Another convert to the reasonable- ness of the committee's proposal was Councillor Longton, hut Councillor Woods had nut changed his mind. He was still dead against the wharf,and be waxed indignant at Councillor Monk's reference to bar parlours and political clubs. The committee were supported by Councillors Green and Bennett; but on a vote being taken the amendment was again carried, this time II a majority of sixteen to ten. The same fate awaited the recommendation of the Rivers Committee with respect to its representa- tion on the Upper Mersey Navigation Commission, the majority for the amendment this time being twelve to nine.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A MINER, SA't u IRIPA Sr, JULY 13, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

PPOISON FOR KILLING RATS. Thousands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of rats dead by using it. Post Free. is. 2d:, 2s. 3d. box of SANFORD & Sogs, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Sold by Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacker and poison for killing Moles on land.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
~. zie-d - `44.-.l>--. '.,--.' `----",,,,,,,L5e'' :•?-",....".'1.7,t5i.. . 1 (.1 l4l eS ' It, DNA , v ‘,•_......k4 -4., ) - ~.,..„......,70., ~:, ( •('4,; •' . ,', 51' • i -,,,.'1,. ' ','-t1 k,,,1' "A• ,',..,..New.„ ~'..' 7,!:,;A,,,:kt ; ; i.' , ' 40§4 1:\"11 V3i3s'''' ' '-- %- ,• '. '."' .0/ , 4 .c..f l ',.,ii: ' '• "" 4'o' •-• . it .'• X.-;: ' s ‘, . - OOTHING. ii ( • ELIEVE s FEVERISH HEATrtkil {,a, IS. ... . . 119 . I havent f its. Convulsion ttn I , p, r ........etl 114taby Stag of thi si I ;-••••-;:i' ' Constitution 6,114 tile Jr darert • __, t. .1 ‘ Pt," ef TEETH= ' ''',77-7. 7777 ClAti:.liffeenl4. q Ilk% AIWORTIT ,__,Surrey. N m, N ..7.- , Please Observe the EE s ." r I N STEEDMAN ... , F"isr„ i 4'

===== 0002601_18950713_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

13gEt'Prs

TOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE

===== 0002601_18950713_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION.

WEAK STOMACH,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION.

DISORDERED LIVER,

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, 90., Is. 11 i., slid 2s. 91 with full directions. The 1... P.l, J3ox aln; 56 Pills.

PREPARED ONLY Df IPE ROPRIETOR-

THOMAS BEECIPI, St ileiens, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS-ICO NOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH - PERFUMES TH.t. BREATII. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggiste, or from the Proprietors. f• r Is., post-paid.

THIS :RAZOR. is made from the best Sheffield

STEEL and ground by Sheffie.d work men. It is warranted and if net' approved when tried will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable lionmonger or Cutler at, Black RAND LB in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle In a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6.

Or post free from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor Is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/-. and 2 6 0. and Cheques, SLATER 11n0.q.. Sheffield.

• -

===== 0002601_18950713_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH

LINEN.

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

IRISH CAMBRIC POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/. per dozen.

IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars VII per dozet. ; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittines, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen.

IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real lush Linen SHEETINO, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SylpIER AND I EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED, Wool. Unsurpassed suarypaifssfeodr for Strength, nogrtGhe, nDturs, aainid Style. PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. Ft.. HUTTON & 00.3 LARNE, IRELAND

===== 0002601_18950713_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
i 1 .11,414,0wAys

PILLS AND

OINTMENT

Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORZ THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, Bco. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for

===== 0002601_18950713_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, , SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, ece.

Itlanufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STR.

:T, LONDON.

-.MOM/ 4111•1111/M111•1•.•..... SAVES HAND-LABOUR. ;# 't. * • i -,_ w .., 1 ft itt 1 , to, '11A1,4 4*C . ? . tV . , . eV Ajia4 7 '

WASHES EVERYTHING.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18950713_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOO) FAMILY MEDICINE CNEST,

W ITLI a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improve& upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or Map mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, buts.

COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.,

===== 0002601_18950713_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGE.STION, &ct

I

A

C:'4.*•l'l•l"' • "•”'s j. 440 •

1*14r4

===== 0002601_18950713_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
117935300 -VOTERS. Vote for BROOKE, BONDS' TBA by drinking 'D very day. This indeed is " Local Option 'aye, and national option too. The preponderating public opin- ion in favour of our Tea is the nearest approsch to " pop,ilsr,representative control of the liquor,t affic.” And it is a very gratHying fac'; that our firmest friends are the mo,t hard-working amongst the teem- ing millions of the North and Midlands. VOTE FOR BROOKE, BONDS. -.why ?" Because Our Tea has done more than ony other drink, or teaching, or Mt of Parliament, during the last few years, to make ngland temper- ate. Our Tea has done it, too, simply by the gentlest. quietest, and, yet, most convincing persuasion, and without the s'ightest encroachment on the liberty or free-will of anybody. So it's a national benefactor. Yes, BROOKE, BONDS' TBA is indeed a marvelous Power, and you can buy a quarter-of-a-pound of it for 4, or 5, or 6 pence, from anyone of our many thou- sands of Agents. BROOKE, BOND, & CO., LD THI4 LANCASHIRE TBA WARSHOUSIA 17, PICCIDILLY, MANCHRSTBR. 29. MARKET STREET

===== 0002601_18950713_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
j; to the etlitor.

_ WALKING DAY BANDS. Sir.—ln your iSF4'3I of last Saturday the 29th het in the report of the Writhing Day Procession you. Mention that Legtr-street Primitive Methodists were headed by their own brass band. This is an error as they were beaded by the Warrington Postal Band. Yours truly, F. COX, Sec. P. B. General Post Office, Warrington, July 4tti,1895.

" WARRINGTON ASSESSMENTS.' Sir,—/Lay I ask the indulgence for the insertion of this letter in Four fair and uninfleenced journal. It is a well known fact, that the" doings and resets" of the meet- ings of your municipal Council and Boards of Guardians are to people living outside your noted borough an- xiously looked for through the Press. It is well within your recollection resided in your " fortressed borough of tied Tints" for a very short time(having heels success- ful in ,dofesiting one of your local mighty brewers in the 'tendering of a-higher rental to your Corporation for one of their licensed properties.) I will not here relate the impediments and unusual restrictions placed on me be- fore I could get possession of the "pub" I so success- fully tendered for. Before I could enter into possession busybodies in and out of the Council and members of Boards of •Guardians w( re anxious to know if my agree- ment was signed and settled as to the conditions of the lease of the pub. The then Assessment Committee were greatly interested in making enquiries from the Town Clerk and needless comments upon me. However, the assessment stood of the Nag's Head on a rental of £2OO at £ll3. I gave EV more of a rental—yet it brought from my friends (1) of the committee the ter- rible increase of £152," besides the previous assessment of £111." HOW so strange and enormous an increase ? I had not more premises! Or was it because I defeated local brewers? Oh no that was not the reason. But to use the words of a Surveyor of Taxes " It is not easy to know what rental those brewers do pay! " Well my rent could be very easy to know. But I did not satisfy my friends by paying their assessment. Will any fear- less ratepayer ask their representative on the Council , the income arising from the Queens' Hotel on the moneys of the ratepayers from October, 1893 to the present date, considering law charges, allowance of rentals (two occasions) and if any profit can be shown on the rate- payers' money? My occupancy was short, but it is a consolation to know I entered your borough by defeating a brewer, also your Corporation and Assessment Com- mittee in their tug-of-war contest. Therefore I ask, has the licensed property purchased by the Corporation with the ratepayers' money been profitable ?—Yours truly, LAURENCE FLOOOD.

Dublin, June 26th, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW IRISHMEN AND CATHOLICS SHOULD VOTE.

Sir,--its an Irishman and a Catholic I should like to warn my fellow-countrymen and co-religionists in this oonstituency against being led away or influenced by the charaCteristieTory electioneering dodge of placarding the hoardings around with alleged extracts from Catholic biahops,respecting the education question,and making it in a measure, appear that the aforesaid bishops had ordered, under the pain ot excommunication, the return of Mr. Pierpoint. Now,this is entirely misleading,and is but a pitiful political "move." The bishops' mauifesto refers to matters respecting education which are too intricate to be considered in detail now,and says nothing about Tories or Liberals as such. The great matter for Irishmen and Catholics to con- sider, in this regard,is whether the party represented by Salisbury and Balfour, or that represented by Glad- stone and JchnMorley. is more nicely to treat with favour and considerateness any question or matter, whether religious or secular, affecting Irishmen and Catholics. Salisbury openly and andisavowedly refers to and con- siders the Irish (and inferentially Catholic) as savages and" Hottentots," and only fit for " perpetual coer- cion" and slavery ; and his relative, Balfour, during his regime, showed his consideration for Irishmen. and especially Catholics, by imprisoning priests wholesale, for the technical offence of making political speeches, kc., and subjecting them to the degradation of herding with pickpockets and garroters! We all know how very differently "honest John Morley" has governed Ireland during the past few years : and, all things con- sidered, I say it would he the basest ingratitude as well as the most suicidal folly for any Irishman or Catholic to vote, under almost any circumstances, for a Tory. I would much sooner believe in the natural impossibil- ity or" miracle " of the " leopard changing his spots " or the mountains changing places with the valleys, than in the probability of the Tories treating Irishmen with more consideration than Liberals would. Tories may make promises.but they can break them as readily as a hungry man would a pie-crust. I therefore hope that no Irish- man or Irish Catholic in this town will be guilty of the ingratitude and folly of voting for a Tory.—Yours faithfully,

===== 0002601_18950713_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington, July 11, 1895.

SH&MROCK.

THE HEAWSE 0' LORDS.

BY JOHN WALKIII.

Owd Caleb wer a rum owd cwt; A s'unner, too, for werkin ; He'd always say just wod he thowt, When he wer on for le:kin. He kept a breyd o' garden greawnd, An' one day he wer toilin— To widen th' garden gate a bit— Till he wer welly boilin. A lump o' rock stood e'en i'th' way; He're sweerin' like a trooper. When who should come up, smush and gay. But th' Tory Squire Cooper. "Swearing," the Squire said, " is a sin, And anger it increases; You bore a hole, put powder in, And rend the reek in pieces." "That's good advice," Owd Caleb said ; " Id'll make id fly like winkin ; But this is wod popt in my head, . An set me sooa a-thinkin ; Aw thowt thad rock, like th' Heawse of L-irds, Wet verra ill to fashion ; An when aw said them tooathri words— Id put me in a passion. But eh ! thad Heawse has bed id day, There's beawn to be a ruction; We're going to widen th' owd gateway— We'll ha' no moors obst uction. Thad Heawse 'll hey to gcoa, egad ! We'll bang at till wi brast id ; Or else we'll try thy tip. mi lad— We winnot sweer ; blast id." 4 COPYRIGHT.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN_ METHODIST CHURCH :

CHOIR TRIP.

The annual trip of the choir of Bald; street Wesleyan Church was held on Monday, the place which was chosen being Chester. The party, numbering about 22, left Bank Quay by the 95 train, and reached their destination at 10.5. The weather was all that could be desired, and after visiting the cathedral, the ancient walls, and other places of interest, the company partook of dinner at the Brook-street refreshment rooms. In the afternoon arrangements were made with Mr. Capner, late of Warrington, for a trip on his fine steamer, the Ontario, to Grosvenor Bridge, which was very much enjoyed. At tea the pleasure of the party was very much increased by the presence of some who were unable to be present earlier in the day. Mr. Harrison, organist and choirmaster, with his usual kindness, under- took the whole ot the arrangements, and great praise is due to him for the admirable way in which they, were carried out. The return journey Was made by the 8.30 train, home being reached soon after nine, and thus ended what all agreed to be one of the most enjoyable days ever spent by the choir. The trustees of the church very kindly made the arrangements whereby the trip was held.

CALL or WritA for a pair of Tow TATI.OOI 6s. lid. or Bs. Li Dime or Or*, T'S Sam( BOOTS or throes, 'poet free.-50 idatettelter-etrett,lllerpool.--4cfet.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JULY 13, 1895

RUNCORN AND WIDNES. INEWr'ZON DIVISION ELECTION.

Torn BY A SAILOR AT RUNCORN. NEWTON DIVISION. At Runcorn Police Court on Friday, before Messrs. T. Handley and E. Imison Frankuourt, aged 18, belonging ~Ate, campaign in this district is being pushed for- to Watchet. Somersetshire, and cook on the schooner "lard with great vigour. Mr. Moon, Liberal candi- J.W.V., lying at Runcorn docks, was charged with steal- ttate,, is doing all in his power to make himself ing £3, the money of John Norman, captain of t' Ircrown, and to lay his views before the co-nstitu- schooner in question.—The prisoner admitted ha • ents. Already several meetings have been taken the money. After evidence by John Norma- .4`,;:ji held in the outside districts, and so far P.C. Ells, the prisoner was committed to gaol ,e,no he has been well received, especially amongst the month. colliers, with whom his views on the labour ques- tion are quite in accord. Mr. Walkden, the miner's agent, has so far rendered valuable assistance, and the plain spoken manner in which he appeals to the miners, carries much weight. The prospects of the Liberal party on this occasion are certainly very bright, and it is expected that the Conserva- tive majority of 894 will be reduced, if not altogether extinguished.. The rooms engaged by the Liberal agent, Mr. Renshaw, are centrally situated, and excellently adapted to the requirements. There is a host of willing workers on the spot, and it certainly speaks' well for the energy eh the agent, when it is stated' that Mr. Moon's address was reported all over he division fully a week before that of Mr. Legh, and the various kinds of literature are already in the bands of many of the electors. Some petty spite has been displayed already in connection with the contest. Early one morning people were surprised to find the addresses of Mr. Moon which were .posted on hoardings besmeared with mud, thus rendering ' their perusal an impossibility. This is no child's work, and judging from the manner in whick the smearing has been done, it has been executed by one hand, and in a systematic style. The work is contemptible, and only shows the fear some people labour under, that such an enlightened address may be the means of securing converts to the cause. It is a curious coincidence that not one of Mr. legh's addresses have been smudged, and the inference to be drawn is obvious. The date of nomination has been fixed for Mon- day next, and the polling on the Monday fallowing, viz., July f'2nd. According to present arrange- ments the result of the poll will not be declared until next day. This is a departure from the usual procedure, and will cause a large amount of disap- pointment and grumbling. There is no apparent reason why the poll should net be declared the same night, and it is to be hoped that the decision is not final.

Cam Pimitc. The Holy Trinity church choir had their • "nye, picnic on Wednesday, when the members jour jryied *to Rhyl. The party also included the Rev. Dr. pind -Mrs. Preston. the Rev. A. Bartram, Messrs. C. Tin- sinS W. Han. kinson (church-wardens), Mr. W. "`; aft (ccnduo- tor of the choir), Mr. A. Savage ( niSt", Mr. Meadow. croft and other principal memb .tts df the congregation, The day was beautifully fine, wild the mating was greatly enjoyed. Dinner and tea were •provided at the New Grosvenor Hotel.

-- ELLESMERE-ST. Cr Awrivu ,E,..,DEelvouu cy,,cs, The members of the J Christian Endeavour Class con- nected with the Cni ..tedl Methodist Free Church,Ruricorn, held their annual • eiveric on Wednesday afternoon. The party numbered, e//zeost a hundred and proceeded by train to Frods' oast wed thence to Overton Rills where the day was vaest etijoyably spent. Included in the party were tiee Rev. G. Stafford, Mr. F.,wles, secretary, and Mr. bl,wall, treasurer. Tea was provided in the rooms at Mersey View, and the retdrn journey was safely conrAeted about nine o'clock. _. __

Ba7NCORST BOARD OF GUARDIANE. meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Work: house on Tuesday. Mr. J. Knowles occupied the chair and there were present in addition to the members of the Runcorn RuratCouncil, Bev. Dr. GaStaldi, Messrs. Thomas Handley, J.P., S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., A. R. Norman T. Lea, S. Yarwood, and Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), Mr. J. Norman, (deputy clerk), and Mr. Cunnah (work- house master).—A communication was read from the Mansfield Union stating that the recent conference on the treatment of casuals with the president of the Local Government Board was so unsatisfactory to the Guardians of the Union that they had determined to ask every Poor Law Union in the country to petition the Board to institute a searching enquiry into the present treatment and relief of casuals with a view to se amendment of the law. The Runcorn Board were asked to adopt and petition on the subject.—Mr. Handley said he did not think it affected their Union very much. The increase in the number of casuals was very little in their district.—Dr. Gastaldi proposed that the communi- cation lie upon the table.—Mr. Darbyshire said the sub- ject was a very ,important one, although it did not affect their Union very much. It affected the country at large.—Mr. Handley thought it would be better to know something more about it before dealing with the matter.—The Workhouse-master in answer to a question said the casuals calling at their workhouse did not aver- age above three or four a night. The matter was ultim- ately referred to the House Committee.—This concluded the business

LETTER FROM MR. GLADSTONE TO MR. MOON. Mr. Moon, the Liberal candidate for Newton has re- ceived the following communication from Mr. Glad- stone

--„ . Hawarden, July 4. Dear sir,--I write in haste to avoid further delay amidst a chaos of business. Cordially wishing you sue- cess.—l remain, yours very faithfully, W. R. GLADSTONH.

THE REV. T. BRACKEN/II:MY AND THE UNE OF THE FRANCHISE.

Preaching in St. P,:ul'73-iFelie-ian Church, Runcorn, on Sunday evening, the Rev. T. Brackenbury said Eng- lish electors would have a splendid opportunity for the exercise of Christian patriotism in the course of a few days. More than 850 members of Parliament would be chosen, and they would be invested with legislative , power, for good or for evil, and their influence would leffect the destiny of more than 300,000,000 of souls, and the future of England for centuries to come. Every heusehoulder in the country had now before him the question " Whom shall I choose to make laws for me and my house ?" They thought the pulpit should have nothing to do with party politics, and of this he intended to keep clear. At the same time, in a crisis like the pre- sent, every pulpit should have a message for tLe voter. Every elector should be reminded that the right to vote was a responsibility as well as a privilege, aud that the use he made of his franchise would be a matter of in- quiry at the judgment seat of Christ. The franchise should be used in an unselfish and disinterested spirit, and should be exercised with an enlightened conscien- tiousness. If they would vote conscientiously they must not put their conscience in the keeping of any single man or body of men. If they would be patrio- tic and Christian electors, they must so exercise the franchise as to have a conscience void of offence to- wards God and towards men. It was to be used under a strong sense of religious responsibility, and he pointed out that the question the House of Commons had to dis- cuss and decide involved the most important moral and religious issues. PRESENTATION TO COLOUR-SERGEANT PLATER.

At the Volunteer Drill Hall, on Friday evening, Colour- Sergeant Player, late instructor to the detachment, was presented with a handsome silver tea service. The inscription ran as follows " Presented to W. Player, late sergeant-instructor of F and G Companies of the Earl of Cheater's Regiment, by the officers, non-commis- sioned officers, men, past and present, of the Runcorn detachment as a mark of goodwill and esteem." In malcißg the presentation Captain Ashton said it afforded him great pleasure indeed to make the presentation on behalf of the detachment, as a mark of their esteem for his services, eeending over 19 years. He was very pleased to he able to tell their late instructor that it had been subscribed for by members of the detachrnent,both past and present, and contributions had been received from the other instructors in the battalion. He had only had the pleasure of serving a comparatively short period during his instructorship, but he had always found him most anxious to keep up the dignity of the corps, and in every way to efficiently fulfil the duties of the office. With respect to the recruits he noticed that he was most ae careful in their training, and turned them over to th companies well advanced in efficiency. Captain Ashton hoped that in years to come Colour-sergeant Piayer,when he looked hack upon the services with the Runc3rn Vol- unteers, would do so with as much pleasure as did the members of the detachment. The band then played " Auld Lang Syne."—Colour-Sergeant Player sincerely thanked the subscribers for their kindness in presenting to him such a handsome girt. He would treasure it vi-ry highly'. He had always endeavoured to do his duty,and he was delighted that his services had met with their appreciation.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEAPD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

Now that we are in for a "fight " it behoves every true Liberal to step into the electioneering ranks and carry the Liberal flag in triumph once more. The Liberals in the Northwi?,h division, and especially those in the Runcorn portion of it, hare a brilliant record which ron,t he maintained, and it is only cock-suredness on their part which consti- tutes a real danger to the accomplishment of this end. Sir John Brunner's opponent, Mr. Thomas Ward, was only decided upon at the last moment —in fnct, he seems to have consented on the grounds that he thought there should he a contest. He felt, so he said, that they had been driven into a 'corner Itt, the last moment. with hardly time to turn round, and in consequence he decided to step into the breach. The Conservatives will, no doubt, think it very kind and courageous of him to do so, but his chances of winning the seat are very re- mote it the result of the Liberal canvass—so far as it has gone—is anything toga by. There may per- haps be some little difficulty in getting it expressed on the ballot paper for there is generally a certain coolness on the part of some in putting in an ap- pearance, when the sole object seems to resolve it- self into piling on a big majority. This has been the cause of many a defeat and it is the duty of every Liberal to work and vote as though the re- sult depended upon him.

That the division is a mast important one may be judged from the fact that it contains 11.788 electors and no fewer than 16 polling districts. The nominatioa day will be on the 19th inst., and the contest is fixed for Wednesday, the 24th inst.

At this print it may not be uninterestinz to re- fer to the flaures at the last election. On that oc- casion Mr. Brunner polled 5,580, and Mr. Whiteley, his opponent, 4.325. This poll was a very heavy one.being over 85 per cent.of the electorate. There were 810 more votes recorded than in 1887, and of these Mr. Brunner obtained 468 and Mr. Whiteley 342.

The organisation of the Liberals under the direc- tion of the agent, Mr. W. Handley. is exceedingly complete, and in every district besides a sub-event there is a band of voluntary workers who are work- ing incessantly.

The inhabitants of Weston have for some time now been the sufferers from an intermittent water supply if the statements made by some' of them be true. From the tons of the letter read at the meet- ing of the Runcorn Rural Council on Tuesday which had been received from Mr. Marshall, secretary to the Runcorn Water Committee, it would sePtll that that body is anxious to give as good a supply as possible. But they do not altogether admit the inadequacy of the supply. The letter explained that at the time of the Inspector's visit for the purpose of his report, it was found that the supply was cut off for the purpose of repairs. This, however, was flatly contradicted by Mr. Aaron who has taken an active part in ventilating the grievance ; a griev- ance which he contends still exists. The Inspector was instructed to make a second visit which it is to he hoped—even for the reputation of the Runcorn Water Committee—will he of a more satisfactory, character than the one he made a few weeks ago.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBER kL MEETING AT_ HAYDOCK,

A meeting in support of the candidature of Mr. James Moon was held at the New Boston, flaydock, on Tues- day evening. Councillor Turner presided, and he was supported by Mr. G. W. Rawlins, Mr. Walkden, miner's agent, Dr. Dowling, and Councillor Riley of Blackburn. After a brief introduction by the chairman, Mr. Moon asked on what grounds did he ask them to support the Liberal party. He would put it as plainly as he could. The Liberal party was a labour party, but he weeld not ask them to accept his authority for that. He believed Mr. Sam WO•Ci'S name was known in that district. Mr. Woods had said that the late Government was the best Labour Government that had ever been in power in this country, rue would refer them to Mr. Decay. the leader of the Labour Union, who said the action of the Government for Railway Servants had created nothing short of a revolution in the railway life. Who had brought the eight hours' day, years nearer operatioe ? It was the Liberal Government which had introduced the eight hours'day to all these servants. Who was it that had enabled every man in this country to claim free education for his child, without the stigma of poverty. The Conservatives claim that they gave them free education, but it was with the word pauperism written over :he school door. The Liberal Government had now enabled every working-man to claim free edu- cation as a matter of right, and it was the Liberal party they would have to look to. to bring about those mea- sures of reform which they were all wanting. He be- lieved there were forces at work now, which were grow- ing stronger every year, and which would ultimately make this country the brightest, happiest, most sober and prosperous country under the sun, and if they were true to their &Alpe now, they would support that party which gave them these results. (Hear, hear.) He asked them not to be led away by any false issues, to use their own judgment, and to vote irrespective of party, for the man they considered the best. They were told that Liberals were responsible for bad trade. Trade was never worse than when the Conservative Government went out of power in 1892. Whilst the Conservatives were in office the biggest failure that had ever taken place in this country happened. Baring Bros., went to the wall during the Conservative Government, and the Bank of England had come to their rescue (A Voice " Was trade ever as had as it is now ?") It was infinitely worse. RP was quite willing to agree with hie friend, that trade had been very bad in that district ; he quite agreed with him that the collier had not had sufficient work, and why was that? Simply because there were many more colliers than there is work for. It was not because more coat was being raised. The reason why they were nut of work and had short hours was not because trade was had, but because men were drafted into the mines, simply because there was no employment for them elsewhere. The Liberal Government by reenlating the hours of railway servants had enabled 10.000 more men to he employed. Heaven touched briefly on the Irish question, and passed on to the House of Lords. Did they think Mr.Legh was likely to pnsh their interests, if so what proof had he given of it ?- Three weeks ago he did not know what the Tore policy was. where had he eot it from ? It had been supplied to ruder by the Joseph of many colours. Vote for the , man whom they t honght most likely to advance the in- terests of the masses of the country. He appealed to them because they had a fearful responsibility. Their wee had as much weight as that, of a duke, and if they did not vote at the coming eleetinn,they were traitors to the cause. Vote, and do not he led off the scent by drink supplied at the public-houses by either party. (,) polause ) Mr. Dowline moved " That thie meeting of Haydock Liberal. comi-lers Mr. Moon a fit and proper person to represent the Newton Division in the House of Commons, and Wedges itself to use all lawful means to /tenure his re- tern at the cominmPlACtiritl." He thought that was a resnliitinn which should he carried unanimously. Re svceild advise them not to be lad away by Tory claptrap and humbug shout had trade. Tory Government in Havelnek generally had not improved the trade of Hay- dock. Mr. Legh was certainly not fit to represent a labour ronstituenry ; he would he right ennueh in a con- stituence of lawilords. De went Out of his way to sneer at the Miners' Federation in the House of Commons, and any man who eneered at such organisations was not worth thesupport of a workingman. Vote for Mr.Morm and they would get an Employers' Liability Act,without any contracting out. (Applause.) Mr. Walkden seconded the resolution in a speech of much force He said he did not believe there was a man in the whole of the United Kingdom who had done more to injure them as working-men. than Mr. Legh, who had voted against the miners having an eight hours' day. Tie believed that this election was being forght tan the iesue of bad trade. He thought it was time they as working-men ennsidered in what manner this bad trade had been brought, about. RA wanted them to ask Mr. Teeth what his remedy was for the bad state of trade. Mr. Legh said he was nrenared to stand up and SPA the Hone of Lords untminhed. Well he might, because he knew that immediately the House of Lorde COPP, mining royalties follow. In his address Mr. LOeh says "I ven- ture to indicate some of the questions which mieht well (Irrupt' the attention of a Conservative and Unionist administration." He says it "might" but he does n^t say it will do. (Lsnehter.) They must remember that the crest strike of 1893 was brought on by the action of the Conservative party. (Rear, hear.) Cormcillew Riley supported the resolution, which was unanimously passed. Mr. Moon afterwards left to address a meeting at Billi n vs,

MEETING OF MR. MOON'S SUPPORTERS AT

SANKEY.

A mooting nf tho anopor,ora of Mr. Moon at Sankor 07Ag held on Wednesday nicht, on the Liverpool hi,rh road near to the church. The chair was occupied tu,

Mr. Gibbs, a local farmer, and there was a very good attendance,which after the commencement of the meet- ing was further augmented by a number of persons who came ha, 'tuts from Penketh, and also by a large number of cyclists who happened to he passing. Some of the latter at times showed their appreciation by the ringing of their bells. The Chairman, who stood in Mr. Moon's conveyance, which served AA a temporary platfQrm, said that there were tremendous issues to he decided by that election. He was sure that Mr. Moon, whom he was going to in- troduce to them, would give every satisfaction, and he hoped that he would he returned for the Newton divi- sion. He had been reading the nanera lately to find the Policy of the Tory party. (A Voice : "They have none.") He had come to the conclusion that that was the truth. (Flear, hear, and applawe ) The Tory policy was the policy of negation. Lord Salisbury's speeches reminded him of his school days, when some of his playmates had some toffee. They used to say, "Shut your eyes, and open your mouth, and Pee what God will send you." (Loud laughter end applause.) That was what Lord Ralistinry was asking. But if the people of England did what Lord Salishury asked them,his lordship might pop something in that was net very tasty, and then they would only have themselves to blame. (Applause 1 In conclusion, he asked his hearers to surport the Liberal party whose policy every one knew, and which was far the amelioration of the country. (Applaase.)

Mr.reloou, who was received with loud applause, and the singing of "tFor he's a jolly good fellow," said that he was sure that Mr. Gibbs would have made a good candidate for the division. He was glad to meet the electors of Saakey even in the open air. They would have plenty ef room to air their political opinions az all events. (Laughter.) They were told by their Tory op- ponents that although they (the Liberals) were fighting the Newton division, they would lose,but there were two sides to this as to every questiort, and they would be able to say more definitely how the Liberals stood in a week or two. (Hear, hear.) But whether they won or lost, they were lighting a good cause—applause—and it was to support that cause that he was asking them for their rates. If they would exercise their own opinions, if they would study the great questions of the day, they would come to the conclusion that there was only one party they coold support and that was the Liberal party. (Applause.) Every young man of twenty owed hiteducation to the Liberal party. They were going to exercise their vote. It was the Liberal party who gave that. (Applause.) The Liberal Government was re- turned to power three years ago with a certain pro- gramme. It died fighting for that programme,but it had never been defeated upon it. (Loud applause.) It was not defeated en a question of policy. It was defeated by a trick, not by the Conservatives, but by the bastard Liberals, who called themselves Liberal Unionists, who took the name of Liberal while they voted Tory. (Ap- plause). They were only Tories who had not the cour- age to say so. (Applause.) The Liberal Government had been the best Government that had ever existed on behalf of labour, and they had passed, or tried to pass many measures for the working classes. They had also established the eight hours in their workshops. They were told that the late Government had done nothing for agriculture. But what had the Tories done. (Nothing.) He would remind them that when a Bill was brought in to give compensation for disturbance, and for improvements upon farms and cottages, the Liberals to a man voted for it, while the Tories opposed it, and the man who was supposed to be their authority in agricultural matters—Mr. Chaplin—had to be shunted to another office which had nothing to do with agricul- ture because of his opposition to that Bill. (Loud apolause.) He had been asked whether he was an imper- ialist. He was an imperialist in the truest sense of the world, but he was no Jingo. (Applause.) Jingoism never made the country stronger, but on the contrary it did great injury to it He considered land reform and the abolition of royalties was very necessary, and that would do much to put an end to bad trade. There were men who were receiving as much money for royalties as the men received in wages—(shame)—and there were men who had aeres of land which they refused to sell or cultivate, and yet they contributed Practically nothing to the maintenance of the country. He did not ask his hearers to vote for himself, but for the cause he represented. The Liberal party was a steady friend of the democracy, and he hoped that on Monday week they would go to the poll and vote straight for the cause of social purity, social advancement, and political progress. (Loud applause.) Mr. Talbot moved a resolution pledging those present to vote for Mr. Moon at the forthcoming election. He said that Mr. Chamberlain some years ago declared that he would never give a blank cheque to Lord Salisbury, and new he was asking the country to give him one. He hoped that the country would refuse to give him any- thing of the kind—(applause)—hut would send the Lib- erals to power with a large majority. (Renewed ap- plause.) Dr. Thomas seconded the resolution. He said that be believed that every day that passed would increase Mr. Moon's chances of election, because he was sure that every time he addressed the electors he would carry con- viction to their minds. He was glad that the present battle was between Liberals and Tories, and that the hybrid party called the Unionists had disappeared. The Liberals welcomed the chance of appealing to the coun- try once more, and he was sure that the electors would declare against the domination of an irresponsible here- ditary chamber, and he appealed to them to return the Literals to power with a sufficient majority ito carry out the reforms to which they were pledged. (Applause.) The Liberals appealed to the country for freedom of the Howie of Commons from the contests of the other cham- ber. and he was sure that they would not appeal in vain. (A nplause.) The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried with only a very small number of dissentients. AIR. MOON AT PADGATE.

On Wednesday evening Mr. Moon, the Libere.i cand;- date for the Newton division, addressed a meeting of electors at Padget°. Mr. T Birchall, J.P.' presided,and there was a good attendance considering that the meet- ing was held at a rather inconvenient time—half-past six. _ _

The Chairman said that when asked to preside there that night he had some little hesitation about accepting the invitation as he was not a resident of Padgate,thoueh he must say it was not an unknown place to him nor had it been for the last fifty years. (Hear, hear.) But when he considered that his friends Aldermen Francomb and Sutton performed similar services for the Conservatives there, it was not out of place for him to come and do what he could for his friend Mr. Moon. (Applause.) With regard to the political situation, he said we had come to a great political crisis in our national history, and the people now had to choose between the two par- ties. The Tory party's promises were wonderful but rather vague, but on the other hand the Liberal party had something more than promises to show, as he con- sidered that the last three years of our Parliamentary history had been a remarkably good one. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He was now getting to be a pretty old politician, and he cOuld say that he had never known a Government which was so thoroughly honest and sin- cere, and he would say an thoroughly able as the Government which had just retiree] from office. (Hear, hear.) A good deal had been said about trade being bad while the Liberals were in power, but it was really a fact that dering the last Liberal administration the revenue returns showed that our exports and imports averaged a little over £2O a head of the population,while during the previous Tory administration they only aver- aged £l9. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Mr. Moon on rising to speak met with a hearty re- ception. Thorne experienced the hope and belief that the electors of Padgatm and neighbourhood would ant according to their own judgment at the election, Mr. Moon said there could be no doubt that the Liberal party deserved well of the voter.; of the country. Nearly every extension of privileges to the masses had been given by the Liberal party. He referred to such questions as the ballot, compulsory education, extension of the fran- chise, the great Reform Bill, and the admission of Catholics to the House of Commons and Dissenters to the universities. (Applause ) All these measures had been opposed in the nest by the Conservative party and even to-day the late Liberal Government in its endeav- curs to extend the same privileges were opposed by the Conservative party just as they opposed in the nast. (Hear, hear.) As to foreign: policy he could s w that he was an imperialist is the cents that he desired to see the name and fame and pavver of this country of ours ex- tended, but he also believed in a domestic policy and he did not think the strength of England sprang entirely from its armed forces twine mainly from the extension of self-Government. (Applause.) Dealing with the work oF the late government heshowed the need for the value of the Employers' Liability Bill by mention- ing that in the course of the construction of theManches- tee Shin Canal no fewer than 2.500 men were killed and nnlv 25 of them got any compensation whatever. ("Shame.") Every rear there were 6,000 workmen killed by accident. All the Liberal party wanted to do was to provide that where an employer was in any way responsible for an accident the injured party should have compensation, vet the TIOUSS ef Lords threw the Billout. (Hear, hear.) Referring to the temperance question, Mr. Moon said his opnottent, Mr. Legh, had put temper- ance reform in his address, hut he (Mr. Moon) did not think that Mr. Leeh knew what temperance reform was. (Rear, hear, and laughter ) He had hen told that Mr. Leeh was asked at a mewing the night before what he meant by temperance reform,and after a little hesitation he reolied that he would answer the question on another occasion. (Laughter and applause.) At the conclusion of his address, which had been very well received, Mr. Moon had to leave the meeting to speak to other gatherings on the same evening, and as he left the room he was loudly applauded. Other addresses were also given, and an encouraging meeting was brought to a close by a vote of thanks to the Chairman.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
..

===== 0002601_18950713_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. MOON AT PENKETR.

After addressing the meeting at Padgate on Wednes- day night, Mr. Moon proceeded to another meeting at Penketh. This meeting was held outside the Wesleyan schoolroom, and was presided aver by Mr. J. B. Aitken. There was a good number present. Mr.Aitken briefly addressed the meeting and said that he hoped that the electors of Penketh would do their duty on the election day. and that Mr. Moon would be rehirned at the head of the poll. (Applause.) Dr. Thomas, of Liverpool. then addressed the meet- ing. He criticised the various speeches of the leaders of the Tory party, and urged his hearers to do their utmost to defeat the party which Was the defender of privilege and of landlordism. and to return again tai power the 1 Liberal party which supported the claims of the working men. (Annlause.) Mr. C. E. Parker said that he had already taken part in four elections in the Newton division, and that was the fifth. It Was rather a remarkable thing that though the Liberal party had been defeated four times, they I came up again smiling as if nothing had ever happened. (Laughter and applause ) But althmagh they had been 1 beaten in the Newton division, still their principles bad triumphed all along the line. (Applause.) Take some of the measures which had become law. Take free edu- cation. When that question Was first brought forward, the Tories opposed it with all their might. They said "the idea of bachelors and those who had no children being called 'iron to pay for the education of somebody else's children." (Laughter.) And yet a Conservative Government came in and brought in free education. That was the way with the Tories. They opposed reform until they raw that the country was demanding it and than they brought in the measure they had been an much °noosed to. Then there was the Parish Councils Bill. This was one of the most . useful Bills that had been carried by the Literal party,. Mr. Parker then went on to read various amendments to that Bill for the o bject 0

daitroying its usefulnees. and which had been supported by Mr. Legh. He asked whether they were justified in again returning Mr.Legh to Parliament in the face of his past record. Referring to Home Rule for Ireland, Mr. Parker said that that question at the present time occu- pied a stronger position than ever it did before, and he was glad to see that the nationalities of Scotland and Wales were asking for local control. The Tory party were now claiming that they had passed the Factory Act. The Bill was, however, brought in by the Liberals, and it was owing to them that it had been successfully brought through. They must not forget that a few months ago, Mr. Lee' sneered at this Bill which the Tories now desired to get the credit of, and said that it would not benefit a single industry. He, Mr. Parker, had not seen Mr. Legies name associated with any progressive movement that had been brought into Parliament, since he went there, and the only ques- tion which seemed to agitate him was that of Liberal gentlemen being put upon the magistrate's bench in Lancashire. (Laughter.) The only thing he had done ler the Newton division was to give a few cups for bowling. (Laughter.) Bowling was a very good game, but it was not politics,and they wanted something more than that from their member. (Hear, hear.) He was convinced that by sending Mr. filoon in the place of Mr. Legh, they would be doing the right thing tor Penketh, and be hoped that on the polling day, they would have Mr. Moon as their member. (Applause.) Mr. Moon's principles were honest, and he would not make promises tor the sake of catching votes. (Loud applause.) Mr. White proposed a resolution pledging the meeting to use every legitimate means to secure Mr. Moon to Parliament as member for the Newton division. He said that at the meeting of the 300 at Earlestown, there was an absolute unanimity. He did not believe that because they were in a minority last time,they must give in. They must keep at it until they won. (Loud applause.) They were Englishmen, and Englishmen did not know wnen they were beaten. (Applause.) He was prepared to stand by Mr. Moon, as he believed that his, Mr. Moan's principles would tend to the social progress of the coun- try. (Applause.) Mr. Longshaw briefly seconded the resolution, and the chairman before putting it to the meeting called • upon

Mr. Moon who had a very cordial reception. He said that he might as well say at once that he stood by every line of his address. He did not put forward any per- sonal claims on their support. If he did not think the policy he believed in was entitled to their support, he would not certainly ask it on any other account. He did not wish to compare himself and his opponent Mr. Legh, because he might be a very estimable gentleman, and owned a great many thousands of acres. He (the speaker) could not claim that, but it was not his fault. (Laughter.) He appealed to their judgment, and to their commonsense to vote for the man whom they I thought to be the right man. (Applause.) He was quite sure that if the electors of Penketh would study the question, they would come to the conclusion that that man who would support the Liberal party was the right man for them. Only a few weeks ago Mr. Legh said openly that he did not know what the Conservative policy was. Now they had his address which was fur- nished complete and supplied wholesale from Birming- ham, at Birmingham rates. (Laughter and applau.e.) Were they going to take the Tories at their valuation. (Hear, hear.) The man that produced that policy for Mr. Lagh was Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, of many colours (Laughter.) He (Mr. Moon) believed that the present election was one of the most momentous they had ever had, and he believed that there were forces working in the country which would make England the best and most sober and most prosperous country in the world. (Applause.) If they would look at Mr. Legh's address, they would find that all the reforms that he men- tioned were stolen clothes of the Liberal party, and they must remember that stolen clothes never fit the wearer as well as those for whom they were made. (Ap- plause). lie contended that the late Government had been the most democratic government of modern times, and never had so much been done for the working classes The Liberal party was the party which would do the most for the agriculturalist. How was it that farmers and agricultural labourers voted for the Tory candidate? (A Voice : " Because they known no better, and laugh- ter.) The Tory party always opposed everything which was for the benefit of the farmer, and it was not to be expected that a party of landlords would do much for the tenants. He fought that battle because he was con- vinced that the people of this country were prepared to support popular rights against hereditary priviiege (ap- plause), and the greatest good for the greatest number. He also stood on the temperance platform which he be- lieved would raise the standard of the people. He sin- cerely trusted that on Monday week, his hearers would exercise their votes in favour of the Liberal party who had given them the privilege of the vote. (Loud ap- plause.) ..

The resolution of confidence was then submitted, and was passed unanimously. Mr. G. W. Rawlins, J.P., proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and the proceedings then terminated. Mr. J. Moon drove away amid loud chears,to address another meeting at Sankey._

===== 0002601_18950713_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
MEE tING AT EARLESTOWN.

A packed meeting of the Liberals was held in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Thursday evening, in sup- port of the candidature of Mr. James Moon, the Liberal candidate for the division. Mr. S. Harvey presided,and there were present en the platform Councillors E. J. Evans, P. MelVfahon, W. Gilmour, Rev. E. R. Davies, Messrs. G. F. Clarke,J. Latham, and Mr. Joseph Forster of London.

Mr. McMahon moved a resolution pledging the meet- ing to use sll lawful endeavours to secure the return of Mr. Moon at the coming election. Mr. Gilmour seconded.

Mr. J. Forster, in a stirring address supported the re- solution, which was unamimouely adopted. . .

, Mr. ;Storm, who lied been addressing a meeting at Burtonwood, where he was well received, arrived at the meeting about 9 o'clock, and was greeted with loud cheering. He gave a brief address, but referred his principal speech for a meeting that will be held on Saturday evening in the same hall.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
MOON FOR NEWTON.

Newton electors one and all, Your clouds will disappear If you for Moon will give your vote Hell shine out bright and dear. In other spheres he has shone bright And gently cleared the sky, So kindly note, give him your vote, Your clouds will then roll by. Your interests in his hands are safe. He every nerve will bend ; To elevate his fellow man A helping hand will lend. Those measures he will advocate Which benefit mankind ; Most surely in this eandidste A champion bold you'll find. So rally round this noble man And solid go for Moon ; A change in this division We cannot have too soon. An active man is needed here And for him we will fight ; The Tory cloud we must remove And have Moon clear and bright. The prospects will be bright for all ; In Moon we'll have a friend ; So let us note, and for Lim vote, Our man we cannot mend.

VIADUCT INSTITUTE TECHNICAL IN- STITUTE CLASSES.

The following results of examination held in connec- tion with the above classes at the Institute has been re- ceived :

DRESSMAKING : Ist class, Bartley M., Corlett K.C., Longworth 0, Partington M.W. PACE, E.M. ; 2nd class, Schofield B, Tait M, Tasker S.F., Watkins S.E. ; 3rd class, Bridge M., Jackson A.H., Jones A.L., Profit E. E.

NEEDLEWORK ELEMENTARY: Ist class, Finning A.F., and Roberts M. ; 2nd class, Evans, S.E. LAUNDRY: 2nd claqs, Jackson A. EP.; 3rd class, Make- ham E., and Percival S E. _ _

COOKERY: Ist. class. Bulme A., and Naylor E. 2nd class, Wood A. K. ; 3rd class, Boardman M. J., Chandley L., Emmett Mrs. M. J , Goslin A., Percival S. E., Roth- well G., Tripp A., Warburton S. BOOK KEEPING: 3rd class, Davies H., Fanning M., Fletcher P. C., Frost A., Herring H., Hurt F., McCawley M. F., Monks T., Owen D. R., Sankey W., Urquhart M., Worsley M.

- Boox KEEPING ADVANCED : 2nd class, Tarbuck H., Wagg F.' Wilson C. ; 3rd class, Hindley H. R., Nicholson R._W., Robertsberts M.

SHORTFIA D, SPEED : 2nd class, Roberts M. • 3rd class, Harvey L.. Haselden C., Roberts A., Wright 6. P. SHORTHAND, TIMOR'S Pass. Brieriey H.P.,l3iggins T. C., Nicholson, R. W., Sankey 1., Spencer C., Weeks B. E., Worsley M.

HAL-TON. LADIES CLUB ANNIVIDISARY.—ThgT9th anniversary of the Halton Female Friendly Society was celebrated on Monday. The members assembled at the schoolroom,and forming into processional order proceeded to the Castle Hotel Green. After parading round the green three times in accordance with ancient custom, the processionists proceeded to the Parish Church, when a service was con- ducted by the Rev. S. Wilkinson. Afterwards the pro- cession was re-formed, and headed by the Runcorn Old Town Band. under the conductorship of Mr. J. Woods, they paraded the village. In the proce.sion there wero Lady Brooke. Mrs. Wray Rev. G. D. Wray and Rev. S. Wilkinson, Mr. Charles Reynolds, J.P., Mr. Thomas Wright, Mr. Gamon and about 200 others. An excellent tea was provided in a large marquee provided by, Mrs. .inipson.—After tea Mrs. Wray proposed a vote of thanks to Lady Brooke which was carried. The trustees Messrs. C. Reynolds and John Henry Gamon, and the secretary. Mr. 'P. Wright, were also thanked for their services. Dancing on the Green was afterwards indul- ged in.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
EABLESTO WN &N .D NEWTON.

DRUNKENNBSS.

At the Town Hall, Newton Da Monday morning before Colonel Wood, Jane Whittaket residing in Mercer-street, Newton was charged with being drunk in High-street Newton on Saturday and was Rued 2s. 6. and costs. In default she was sent to gaol tor 14 days. VIADUCT INSTITUTE SCIENCE AND ART CLASSES.

The result of the examination in physiography held at the Institute in connection with the above classes is as follows :—J. E. Dennison, E. Burgess,A. Melyneux, T. D. Stant, E. pass; M. J. Emmett, and R. W. Nicholson, E. fair.

GOOD TEMPLAR& The weekly meeting ot the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Templars wss held in the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday evening. Bro. W. Wilson pre- sided,and there was a large attendance of members. Two candidates were initiated, and several other items of business were transacted. The programme of the evening was an interesting sketch entitled "The mystery of Malt liquors " given by Bro. B. Barker, and an instructive discussion followed, in which , several members took part. EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.

The young men's select class in connection with the above school have introduced a system by which they can provide themselves with useful and instructive books. Three months ago 25 of them decided to subscribe weekly a certain amount for the purpose of purchasing books, and on Sunday, the Rev. J. Bartley after delivering a short address on " books and readings," presented the books which had been obtained, to the subscribers. The innovation will be continued, and it is expected the young ladies will also take up the idea. NEWTON 1.0.G.T. EBENEZER LODGE.

This I;o7l.g;-o.o.t:n—ed-rt.1;;3ii7s-ession on Tuesday night, the juvenile officers being in charge. The juve- niles gave nn excellent programme, consisting of songs, recitations, etc., which were very well re- ceived. A vote of thanks to the juveniles was pre- sented and they were then dismissed. The adult lodge was then op,4ned. Bro. W. J. Taylor read an address on the Veto Bill. Bros. J. Taylor, J. Singleton, W. Brown, and Sister Whitty, each giv- ing song. The lodge clased in the usual way about 030.

Ross QUERN FESTIVAL AT HAYDOCIL In beautiful weather on Saturday afternoon, the first annual festival in connection with the coron- ation of the Rose Queen was held on the Haydock Football Field. For several years past a festival has been held in connection with the crowning of the May Queen, but for some reason or other the matter was not taken up sufficiently early this year for the celebration to be repeated, and it was,there- fore decided to instal a " Rose Queen." The dignity of Queen was balloted for as in the May festival,and the lot fell upon Miss B. Waldron, of Lime-st.,llay- dock. There did not appear to be the mime entha- iasm manifested in this celebration, as on previous occasions, and the attendance of the public in the streets on the route of the procession was not at any time large, but this may very easily be ac- counted for by the fact that there were counter at- tractions in the neighbourhood. The processionists mustered at the football field, and after something like order had been obtained, they moved off, with ' Mr. S. Pimblott as marshall, in the direction of the Huntsman Inn, returning by the same route as far as the Ram's Head, and back to the field, the time occupied being nearly thres hours. The procession although not of very large dimensions was extreniely neat, and excellent order was maintained. The 3haracters were not numerous, but they were select and the dresses of the dancers, &c., were far in ad- vance of any previous year. The Haydock brass band held the premier position, and were followed by the floral dancers,Robin Hood.and a capital illus. tration of a white female slave on a lurry, tied to a stake,with a cruel oversesr armed with a whip.with which he is supposed to have lashed the unfortun- ate slave. Then followed sailors, Buffalo Bill,flower girls, the seasons, day and night, Robinson Crusoe, bakers, Spanish lady and gentleman, lawn tennis players, little 80-peep and Dick Whittington, scarf and wand drill performers, Darby and Joan, Red Riding Hood, Alley Sloper, and a non descript band of characters, with gigantic masks, dress- makers, teachers, carriage with ex-May Queen, sol- diers, clown and pantaloon, A. I. Bobby, lady hun- ters, Nutgrove brass band, May Pole dancers, and a number of other characters including, of course, a specimen of "The New Woman." The carriage containing the Roe Queen was attended by an escort of husqars,and the rear was brought up by a ventriloquist with his dolls. On arrival at the field, and after the usual interval, the Queen was crowned by Miss Balharry, who presented her with a Cat'iolic service as a memento of the occasion. Then followed the May Pole dance under the super- vision of Mr. J. Ralphs, scarf drill by children from th. National Schools who had been trained by Mr. J. Puffer, floral dance, physical drill, under the supervision of Miss Sawyer, champion boxers and knockabouts, wand drill, and 'ventriloquial enter• tainment by Professor D. Ora. The whole of the arrangements were carried out by a large committee of which Mr. R. T. Kenyon as secretary and Mr. S. Pimblett treasurer, the M.O 's being Messrs. H Worsley and J. Ralphs. Before the procession started prizes were awarded for the neatest and best turnouts as follows : eavy class, Ist., 2nd., and 3rd, Messrs. R. Evans and Co. ; light class, Ist, Mr. T. Harrison; 2nd, Dr. Hayward ; 3rd, Mr. J. Travis.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

Mn. ENGLAND'S WARRINGTON TEAM V. WINWICH.—On Tuesday and Wednesday evenings this match was played at Winwick. Ratting first the visitors ran up,con.idering the state of the ground, the respectable score of 90. This score the home team were unable to reach and were dis- posed of in the first innings for 18 runs. England tak- ing six wickets for 4 and Connor 2 for S. The home team following on improved their batting display as will be seen, hut were ultimately defeated by an innings and 27 runs—Kiernan in the srennd innings of Win wick per- formed the " hat trick " clean bowling 3 men in succes- sion. Score:— MR. ENGLAND'S TRAM. W Bibby C Conple b Straw A Duckworth b Couple 0 It Adamson c Baker b Copple ll R Crompton b Straw lO Rughworth c Pollitt .3 Straw H Ashton c Straw b Matheson ll J F Kiernan b nopple l3 R Silcock not nut l4 A E Woods e Ratcliffe b Coppie lO E Connor b Conple 2 B England b Copple Extras 9

Total 9-3

WINWICE.

IST INNINGS. 2ND RISINGS. W G Wallace b Connor 4 b 'Kiernan W Straw b England 1 b Kiernan D Matheson b England 0 c England b Ashton 2 A Pollitt b England 0 b Kiernan J Ponta b England T Ratcliffe run out 1 b Woods E Connie b 'England A Baker b Connor 0 b Adamson 4 H Warburton b Ashton 1 b Woods A Vardy b Silcock d D Straw not out Extras '7 Extraa l2

Total 18

_ Total 45

===== 0002601_18950713_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LEIGH CHALLENGE CUP. EARINSTOWN T. Gomatzs.—Played at Newton on Saturday. EARLESTOW/I.

A Gee 2l 11 Davies l4 J Mitchell John Lowe 16 William Mitchell 2l G Jones A Talbot lB 3 Seholes 2l Finch u Sherlock 2l R Davies James 13edworth ll P Shaw 2l J Watson T Mather R Green

S Thompsrn G Houghton l6 J Jackson W Grimshaw W Hemmings T Compton

Majority for Golborne 24.

HELSBY.

TAB NEW VICAR.—The Rev. A. Spafford, who has been preferred to the Vicarage of St. Paul's Church, Helsby, was instituted to the living on Saturday afternoon, by the Bishop of Chester, who delivered a very appropriate address. His Lordship spoke ef the responsibilities of the pastor and of the Church people of the village, and how it was necessary for one to assist the other in the fulfilment of the dullea. His lordship raid a passing tribute to the geniality and liberal heartedness of the Rev. W. T. Vale. who had formerly filled the position in a way that gained for him the respect of those among whom he laboured.

===== 0002601_18950713_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
12/LEcTRo - MASSAGE

;-i7THM).

CONSULTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS ,-, ~.. 22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOuI'' R. H. TrIOMAS, SPECIALIST. RESULTS FROM THOMAS' MEIHOD OF TREATMENT. ELECTRO-MASSAGE, ELI OTRO-HYDROPATHY. Miss—, Liverpool, chronic dyspepsia, nervous exhalls '- eighteen treatments.-CURF D. Mr. —, Liverpool, bronchial-asthma, general eight treatments.-CURED. Master —, Bootle, paralysis, nervous debility, Ac.de; btwili: ett; treatments.-MUCH IMPROVED. 60' , varicocele Mr. —, Warrington. nervous exhaustion i teen treatments.-CURED. nereoe° Miss —. Birkenhead, many years chronic asthma' ....- debility, and general exhaustion ; eight treatui tr s"" ALMOST CURED. eighte°. Mr. —, Bootle, varicocele mental depression i treatments-CURED. ' Mr. —, Liverpool, varioneele, nervous exbausti°°' _trwenty treatments-COMPLETELY lIESTORED.nervou' 51 —, Liverpool, neuritis, atrophy of the optics, l bealtiv debility, sluggish liver; SIGHT RESTORED. genera s _greatly improved-sixteen treatments. . . ....nesPY Mtn—. g. E. Thlo;umilaps ELECTRICITY, as a Therapeutic Agent. :48:tpil'ezlvilaaeirrisPetoo.orinl,ap, goitre and general debility application. Lreievecfpw"oo7 applied, acts as a STIMULANT, SEDATIVE, TONIC. TRE EFFECTS ARE- 3 r Pr 01073 IMPROVAMENT IN SLEEP INC/ABASH 13-4,4tmiLaTl IMPROVEMENT IN DIGESTION AND '''''-- v F 0111' REGULAIION OF BOWELS • IMPROVEMENT I ' itsLll/.. CI N CIRCULATION„,-01 VOUSNESS AND MENTAL DEPRBS*3.`a INCREASE IN VITAL FORCE AND If"' - six litrr.eatm,enrtere-nbteotnt.erni .elataterloirieu. tiooy‘ Mr. —, Birkenhead, nervous debility of long itandi"; enrveovuersy norgagi".. aotev. 0.. general Prostration; twelve treatments, Dt!hglive• cl'iPi Mr. —, Liverpool, nervous debility, eltigßolsiip pation, varicocele ; twelve treatments, C17.'7 o.edjtiP6t4°° 34M. .. rrr twelve.. ____- - - : treatments,p. S :neth. oni n, b neegr rveeoxautt slryedm improved.es p e p nervousfa ,a nd vve . _general osebil.ty ; fifteen treatments CUll°' ...cOnge.44°l3 ; way. Mr. -t-::,BloBtu.oLmldricysthraßeeenit,ss,,TLOnivjeter,rpool complete tion, loss of vital power, congested, liver EvDoUs ebilitY, cllrrrsi°elc:lntl64; tion of years, standing, varicocelo ' • twooo lor ment, THOROUGHLY CURED A hope Many of the above cases had been considere- Incurable. q OF liS. References on application. CONSULTATION- One Resident Patient taken. R. H. THOMAS, SPEcisasT• 22, LOAD-STREET, LITHE"_----11.... 0, „cfp.. LI -----i•A ~0 , s TH-4 UNION BANK OE '111","./vEll nig eNIEaDt.-thNeOrTalteCEof IS LIIEvERKNEBLEL",IISB9OS,St__.s-sode DIVIDED T income tax, has been declared, SHARE for the half-year ending the 30th and will Shareholders on and after the 10th hastant. .... OE. A. J. FLETegm we. General - 6 103 3rd July, 1895. fter tbe N.8.-The Transfer Books are closed till instant. OWEN'S --------.- _ OWEN'S GREAT SALgIe OF MANUFACTURER'S STOCK' BASSINETTES AND LATEST NOVELTIES IN 1i II MAI L CAp' 5 THIS AND FOLLOWING DAIS' ORO &NC OWEN'S EMPORIUM, 80, DEANSGATE, _

, " F 0 R F or i Al°, IRST-CLASS PA'''. - I)ENTI S T R Y . TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but ritef TEETH. . arranged. ,' , All consultations free. col rrEETH. Each patient informed befo ebAnd the work requirred , , TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mode' - charges. '[BETH. An M.D., also Lady A.ttendsnts. 0 TEETH. Painless Extraction as tut herr obY 08 of Nitrate Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentist of 10.000 galiptj weekly. . Exors. of the late '

J. H. PARK 14S°5 (DENT/8T NT Blum.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-SO/3°r (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), g LIVERPOOL, 24, cuuncii-sTit-- ' ST. HELENS, GEOROE-SrROL osir EARLESTOWN, On TUESDAYS, aV Mrs. 1:4/40. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS,:3, 511•61c-* RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, 13n00"51.D.01,. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APV,SOIIS:S

-.11

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARE r.—vvmD,Ng‘i9*•-• its',.' -. rrlo FRUIT, VEGETABLE. POULTRY. 13r:-.•,-; FISHMONGI3I26' TA11.,.• 0, a. 2 8. d. s. Cl. ll^' Beef, Bog.. lbo sto 0 9 Melon each ell t, 0 Lamb per lb 0 9—o 11 °rang/fa. etnick 0 ,0_....--°0 Mutton „ 0 6-0 10 Celery Veal 09 .. ~.,.x..h...000 '2,..... 000 i Pork ~ ~Pork sides ~ cured Whole pigs„ so 7 6-7 8 Cueum,,r,' ea° 0 2-- 0 6 Geese „ 0 Fzyckisiiilngosouple 4 601-9 5 66 TCo4trint s'' tgoes 43g1hb 0 08;8 Chickens -6 0 Filberts lb ••••*; 0 0 --- 0 2 4 ~ 7 0-0 0 Sp mis', o`‘li'a . 0 Rat.bits , Hares, each -0 0 Asparago Cln-- ", 6 - 0 Pigeons,, -0 0 Potatoes Y "11,0 00 0 Part 'idge brace 0 0-0 0 New Pot& °lur ttl ,6*-- Grouse , .1 -..- 0 • Pheasants -0 0 Green Pea ,• rk 10•• 0 3-- 0 Turkey 6 0-- 00— 0 0 Green -PI e, 1 0 ; Butter, fresh ft 1 2 1 3 B ans,kidneY .0 I'o Hen egg. 11 1 o_o 0 porneg:anates•• 0 0-- 0 0 Duck „ Grapes Apples Pine Apple each(); Onions „ ciiiionne4.... ............ :: ~4450 tio--__4oo ti! Greengages VII, 00— 0 0 Me i I urn • ..... 1 00 ' Cherries , ...... 0 0— 0 6 Lo'•ster fr. ••• 1 6-- I 0 Strawberries,, 0 4-0 6 Turbot .. --- 0 1,„"- 0 °^ 061_--230 002 Cheese ......... ... t,2 6 60 I. Damsons „ ~ 0 0— 0 0 Salmon 1.. •""' 0 v. 0 • Plums „ 0 0— 0 0 Whit'l44s '—.. 0 ' 0 $ Gooseberries „ 3 0— 0 0 Flukes ~ ••••" 0 5 --- I Raspberries „ 0 7-0 0 Reis .• .. • ...... 1 0 '- 1 Black Currants 0 0— 0 6 Soles ~ .. .... 0 0, ~,,, 0 ' Red Currants 0 0— 0 6 Snarling, .• ": 0 Marrows each 0 0-0 6 Codfish . • ':, 0 5 0 11. Seakale ir 0,10 0— 0 0 MacNerel y.,',,en 1 0-- Rhubarb bch 00 0 0 Herring V ° -----_—_----

Allmon Dr Warrington, Wor Williamson rington, by the Re U. B. Thurston, Jha niticiel - Margret,PßllW:tra WILLIAMSON—LEIDuffL.—June 29th. at the rg,,to or.nw o o ny :00,; v-lobv b the a Os; . Sarah J4ne Leigh. ,D t Jvu. n e 9 r a t—t h Ptrish Chtlfo 0600( rington, by the Rev. U. B. Thurston, Arthur Paw to Mary Jaws Allwood. —Junee 29th. at U. Ch DEATHS.

MARRIAGES.

--- Cannon—Jane 29, at Vlctor'a-street, Wnrring— Crouch. aged 76 years. ~ BAYNE—June 30. at Mersey-st,, rritlgt ." ' Bryne. aged 3 months THYME—JuIy 1. at Silve r"r-at., Warrington, M`l fillel' _lLThEyme. aged 6 months. ~ Ottlet4 to ry woost, R aged 2Jyueelves4., at Lythgoe's-lane. Warrg in Loococic—July 4, at Phil/ip-et.. Warringtoi, ri"' ...,), aged 36 years. n if Wg - 8001'80N-0n the 6th inst at 103, School —r° ' -,--' BoSert Scotson, aged 80 years. ----"" --

,tIPS 0.4-. rt• t tit te sod

MEMORIAL CAIRP P. Just received a large Stock Of LATICST 111RMORIAL CARDS. Call aria inipect WV printed at ehortest Posters, Handbil!e, Bill - Machinery.

34, BRIDG'

c'arrington.—Priuted and Published D V at The Aximurier General Printing 32- The and Published V 4 also at blviogner "1. ES ; High-street FittScotta ; Hese'''. • and 33. lida•ker°6l" OAF" )3, Mo.

!

notice. Al5O Heads, Sc. Newest tYP JOHN St TUB BOROUGH PRICSR. W AUNT C 6 ovio7o,feet. J.of ter°l7o.

Aido

===== 0002601_18950713_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
r `LI 4111WICII DIVISION ELECTION, 1895. PUbjmeeting will be held in the PUBLIC HALL, fißlie„ 'QC on WEDNESDA VERING next, in support tdidature of THOMAS WARD, ESQ., JP, th'l UNIONIST CANDIDATE. °HAIR TO BE TAKEN AT BIGHT O'CLOCK. N°4THWICII DIVISION OF CHESHIRE I, 4.0,, I'&IiLIAKENTARY ELECTION. 1895. __ kettirwl'obW Tomlinson Brunner, of Winnington Old Hall, and Druids Cross, Wavertree, Baronet, a 4t the above election, hereby give notice that l tkv "inted William Handley, of the Heath, Runcorn, in kldretatitlY Of Chester to be my election agent, and that his W• 111 ." which all claims, writs. summonses and documents 44 I delivered to him is The Heath, Runcorn, aforesaid. thaeetherehy further give notice that all contracts and Zniater: 00 account of, or in respect of, the conduct or '4.411 -ent rif my election, must be made with, by, or „„4461114tmanY mid election agent and his sub-agents duly 4 pem that I have authorised and will authorise no rttib:4ll or Persons to enter into any contract or to make 2444 PaYrnent on my behalf. —I 6th day of July, one thousand eight hundred etY five.

BA 11 CII AP EL, LATCHFORD. The ANNUAL SERMONS will be preached On SUNDAY, JULY 14Th. 1895, the REV. D. D. DAVIES, of Rochdale. Services : 2.30 Afternoon, 6 30 Evening. 'Collections at each Service in aid of the Chapel Funds.; presence and aid are earnestly solicited.

NORTEIWICII PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION. GENERAL ELECTION, 195. LICIENEIING in the PUBLIC HALL. RUNCORN. On MONDAY EVENING, JULY 15th, 1895. 44141"te1l by BIR J. T. BRUNNER, BART.. (Liberal Candidate) and others. 444 to te taken at 7.30 by P. SPEAKMAN. Esq.. OLP" C.O

SiTil 2s 6d. ftny si. Zoßik• !UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from 3 • Rzeep.airs ALPACA fartEttter., 69, die rStreetnl, Warrington. *

11, LANCASITIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND r,,, Iiea.iIit.USTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. 415 168 ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. 8 froca e4o.4elcltiablf 56:! £l,OOO on personal er other security. kW . Weekly, Entire Charge £1 25. 3d. ~, £3 9s. oth,, 40s, £6 16s. Od. ALla. GORDON Manager.

TETE ~, CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. Rr;-',PUNTy COUNCIL offers for competition a a ARSHIP in MUSIC, tenable at the Royal ilk, et of tO h music, Manchester. The subject to be taken 14 he -le ?I4NOPORTE PLAYING. Applicants must -41116 „les than 17, or more than 23 years of age. For R„Appir aPpl'estion, &c , apply to the undersigned. &let 171 forms for Evening Scholarships Class 11., aY Scholarships Class 111., and Domestic Class VI. are also ready. .otOtegtitUltural School at Holmes Chapel will be °ll August 19th. Prospectuses now ready. RICHARD P. WARD, Organising Secretary.

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE NORTHWICH DIVISION. GENTLEMEN. For the fifth time within ten years solicit the honour of Election to serve you in the Commons House of Parliament Three times you have elected me by steadily increasing majorities. Once you preferred a gentleman, who up to that time had been a consistent Liberal, and who had lived an honoured life among you. I can Cahn therefore that this is a thoroughly Liberal constituency I have as your representative been faithful to every pledge I have given to you. Ten years ago—in my Address— I set before myself two aims for your benefit, non-political in their nature ; the first, the reform of the Weaver Navigation Trust, and the second, an amendment of the law which should procure compensation for property owners suffering from the inevit- able injury caused by the pumping of brine. In 1891 I introduced a Bill providing for compensation for Subsidence, which, after amendment in Committee, became law. In 1893—through the kind help of Members on both sides of the House—l obtained an order from Parliament to the Weaver Trustees that within two years they should bring up a Bill for the Reformatien'of their own Constitution. This year, in obedience to that Order, the Weaver Trustees brought up their Bill, and I brought up a Bill of my own. MV Bill, with the unanimous assent of the Weaver Trustees, the County Cowen, and the Traders, was adopted by the Trus- tees in place if their own ; and with very slight alteration, was passed by both Houses, and received the Royal Assent. A Committee of the House of Commons has. quite recently, adopted a Bill constituting a District within which the Com- -1 pensation Act I procured in 1891, will. I trust, shortly be put into operation. The new Representative Managing Body of the Weaver Navigation will doubtless speedily complete the great scheme of improvement of the River (and especially of the upper part) now so long neglected, and will by the adoption of an enterprising progressive policy, attract trade to our neighbour- hood, and thus greatly add to the prosperity of the popula- tion, land owners, traders, and workmen alike, from end to end of the constitueney—from Winsford to Runcorn. The payment of compensation for subsidence will he an act of justice greatly too long delayed. I make my appeal to you now in a spirit of cheerful satis- faction with the success of my many years of work and thought. My political views are wall-known to you ; they have not changed, except that with advancing years they become and more comprehensive. Now that our venerated leader, Mr. Gladstone, has said his dignified word of farewell t Parliamentary office,we recall to mind his great and memo ra speech on the subject of the House of Ltrds. Standing in his place as Leader of the House of Commons and Prime Minister, in Match last year, Mr. Gladstone declared In the name of a unanimous Govern- ment, that a state of things had been reached of which we are compelled to say that in ourjudgment it cannot continue. "In some way or other a solution will have to be found for this tremendous contrariety and incessant conflict on matters of high principle and profound importance between the re- presentatives of the people and those who fill an hereditary chamber. Nigh upon two hundred years ago we abolished the Veto of the Crown. That was not Revolution, but Reform. I stand before you to-day as a strenuous and ardent advo- cate of the abolition of the veto of the House of Lords, not as a Revolutionist but as a consistent Reformer. 1 Upon this greatly to be desired ieform depend all others— Home Rule for all the three Kingdoms and for Wales.— Reform of the Land Laws, involving security for the farmer and for every other trading tenant,—the transfer of the Power to Regulate and Control the Traffic in Intoxicating Liquors from the hands of irresponsible magistrates into those of the people themselves—Protection of Life and Health for Work-people—equality of Voting Power in the election of National Representatives—Disestablishment of the Welsh Church, and all measures having for their object the improve- ment of the social condition of the people. It has been my happy lot for over a score of years to share in every effort you have made for the public good. You have been kind to me in my sorrows, you have sym- pathised in my good fortune. In return I have given to you devoted service, and I desire nothing more strongly than the opportunity to continue that service. I remain, Gentlemen. Your faithful servant, JOI-IN TOMLINSON BRUNNER. Winnington Old Hall, Northwich, 6th July, 1895. TO THE ELECTORS OF TUE WIDNES DIVISION OF SOUTH-WEST LANCASHIRE. GENTLEMEN, In response to the unanimous request of the District Liberal Councils I have consented to again become the Liberal Candidate for the Widnes Division. It is for you to consider and determine whether the work done by the Liberal Party while in power, and the spirit shewn, entitle the Party to your support, and also whether I have done anything to increase or to decrease the confidence which so many Electors reposed in me as a Candidate three years ago. The main question submitted at the last Election was that of Home Rule for Ireland. Th. Liberal Government brought in a Bill in accordance with the decision arrived at by the Electors of the United Kingdom as a whole. The Bill pro- vided for the Establehnent of a Home Rule Government in Ireland, while it absolutely preserved the Supremacy of the Imperial Parliament. It vent passed by the House of Commons but was rejected by the House of Lords. I deplore the fact that this and other Bills concerned with Irish Affairs hove not been passed into Law, but this has been owing to no fault of the Liberal Government, which has been strenuously and loyally supported by the Majority of the Irish Members. If elected, I shall give my support to the furtherance of the Policy initiated by Mr. Gladstone. The Liberal Government passedin Law the PARISH COUN- CILS' ACT, which has given to the Inhabitants of the Rural Townships the Right to ldan%ge their own Affairs. It also passed the Great 13udget of 1894, which Equalised und Gradu- ated the Death Duties en Real and Personal Property, and put extra Taxation on to the shoulders of the wealthier classes to the direct and immediate relief of the less wealthy. The Factory Act, introduced by-the Liberal Government has been passed into Law. The Employers' Liability Bill was lost by the action of the House of Lords. The "Local Veto" Bill was introduced, and met with the cordial approval of Temperance Reformers. When the Liberal Government resigned, a Bill for the Di. establishment and Disendowment of the Church in Wales, and a Land Bill for Ireland were under discussion in the House of Commons. In all Departments of Administration, the LIBERAL GOVERNMENT has accomplished admirable work,and there has not been in this Country any Government so Democratic as the last. The National Defences have been strengthened, and our Foreign Affairs have been skilfully directed. In addition to the q estions already referred to, there are still Reforms to be effected in the Registration Laws, and we cannot be content until Plural Voting has been abolished It , I. essentially the duty of Parliament to try, as far as is pos- sible by Legislation, to further ameliozate the conditions of Labour, to Remove the Causes of Poverty, and to Lighten the Burdens of the Aged Poor. Efforts to further these aims have always had my sympathy, and to them, If elected, I shall devote especial attention It is of vital importance that the land should be made as productive as possible, and to secure this, there must be wide - reaching Reforms of the existing Land Laws, while Farmers must be able to recover just Compensation for their Improve- ments. There is, however, one permanent obstacle to the passing of Liberal legislation into law. During the life of the late Parliament, the House of Lords has exercised its veto in the manner it always does 'when a Liberal Government is in office. The absolute power which the unrepresentative House of Lords now possesses, to over-ride the decisions of the elected House of Commons, has become intolerable, and I think that the "legislative preponderance" of the House of Lords must be abolished. If you honour me by electing me to represent you in the next Parliament, I shall, to the best of my ability, support measures which I believe will promote the welfare of our country, while at all times I shall devote willing attention to matters affecting the interests of the Electors of the Widnes Division. I am, Gentlemen, Your Obedient Servant, HENRY WADE DEACON. Appleton House, Applet n, Widnes, July 6th, 1t95.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees. --... SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK" BRIDGE-aTREET, WARRINGTON FOR SAMPLE OF' WORK.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OP TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16e. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 91. 6d. 39, AND 41 DALE STREET, 12 LORD STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

J. AND W DUTTON, 16, 18 AND 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES. SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE OF ENTIRE STOCK IN ALL DEPARTMENTS, RENDERED NECESSARY THROUGH ADDI- TIONS AND ALTERATIONS TO THEIR PREMISES, COMMENCING MONDAY, JULY 15, 1805, AND CONTINUED UNTIL THE END OF THE MONTH. J. AND W. DUTTON, 16, 18, AND 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. SEE WINDOWS FOR CHEAP DRESSES.

HOLIDAYS. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON, Has all the latest novelties in SUITINGS, VICUNAS, and OTHER CLOTHS For either LADIES' or GENTLEMEN'S wear For the present season. A LARGE ASSORTMENT of GLADSTONE and other TRAVELLING BAGS.

publtrattoms. r I 'KB T it UWE ABOUT STAN anciurta.—Anyone Interested I will receive the latest information and important books on the cure, on loan. cost free, without charge, from Ithurial. Messrs. DEA.coree, 154; Leadenhall-street, London, B.C.

"HOW TO ENSURE HEALTII."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the mire of all kinds of Debility : post free, two stamps.—Afldresa Dr. BARITES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London. N. ti GOOD PLAN.—The safeat, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free, Full of valuable information. Address GEORGE EVANS and Co„ Stockbrokers, 24. Queen Victoria-st.. London, WC.

14.'REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogoesl, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care tor lost strength, wasting weakness, Bto., from whatever cause arising. 'NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A.. 1. LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.C.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manch ate MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price quility. Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by intorming them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46• HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETHEXTRACTND FREE every FRIDAY,IIa.m.tO 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Set,' 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by ILM.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best and cheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prise Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gum'. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TENTH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System.! MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids to Health and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousanda. MACDONALDS' TENTH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48. High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD., Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address : NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY.II a.m.to 6 :na MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT. 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION, Special Arrangements, Ac., for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

RICHARD BRETHERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, BT. JAMES'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON, LAMB, VEAL. PORK, an., Always on hand. from EV. to 80. per lb. ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, and delivered when required.

This Powder, so celebrated, is known as being perfectly unrivalled in destroying BUGS, FLIUS, MOTHS, BKBTLBS, and all Insects (while perfectly harmless to all animal life). All woolens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. To avoid disappointment Insist upon having " Keating s Powder." It is sold only In tins, and .very genuine tin has my signature "Thomas Keating "on the label, See this to prevent being defrauded. 3d. 6d. is. LABG-ER TINS.

ISLE OF MAN ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS. From LIVFIIPOOL. Prom DOUGLAS. Saturdays and Mondajs, Saturdays and Mondays, 10.30 a.m. 12 noon and 4 p m. 9 cm. and 4 p.m. Other week-days 11.30 a.m. Other week-days 9 a.m. Mondays extra 12-30 p.m. ONE DAY EXCURSIONS. Saturdays and Mondays. From Liverpool 10.30 a.m. I From Douglas 4 p.m. Due Douglas about -.2.15 pan. I Due Liverpool about 745 p.m DAY EXCURSION FARES : Fore Cabin 4s. 6d. Saloon is. LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY, Saturdays Direct. 12.30 noon, Thursdays, via Douglas 11.30 a.m. PANES : Return (2 months) Fore Cabin ss. 6d.. Saloon 9s. 611. Week Ends (Friday or Saturday to Monday or Tues- day), Fore Cabin 55., Saloon Bs. Hall Caine's •• Little Man Island" forwarded on receipt of stamps, value 2d, ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays expected) BARROW to POCGLAS—at 2.0 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 9.0 a.m. Train in '2.onneetion with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 55 a.m. Specid Cl•eap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 238.6 d. 1 Trains run Third-class and Salom . lss. Od. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin Ils. Od. steamers, SPECIAL NOTICE.—OIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s. Od. Third-class and Saloon l3s. 61. Third-ease and Fore Cabin Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward jour- ney Yissengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), F'urness Abbey, or Barrow. NAMES LITTLE & Co., Barrow

REDUCED FREIGHT RATES MAY BE OBTAINED ON APPLICATION. GLASGOW. QPECIAL REDUCED FARES between LIVER- L. 7 POOL, GREENOCK and GLASGOW. Cabin (single) 6s. ; Cabin (return) valid for two months, 10,,; Steerage (single) 3s. ; Steerage return) valid for one month 6s. Ser- vants In Cabin full fare. Children above three years and under twelve half fare. Goods booked through at cheap rates to or from Runcorn, Birmingham. Wolverhampton ,and all parts of Staffordshire, In connection with Manchester Ship Canal Co and Shropshire Union Canal Co. LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. TA CALLING AT ONEENoCY -- The first-class full-powered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR Are intended to sail from CLARENCE DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool, as under. carrying Goods and Passengers in terms stated in Bathing Bills, tb be had from the Agents --- From From Prince's Clarence Dock Landing-stage JULY (S.W. Side) at prompt, at Bear Owl BEAR Friday, 191 h. 8 p.m. OWL Saturday, 20th, 9 p.m. 0 MACIVER & CO. 64. and 65, Tower Buildings, .Water-st., Liverpool ; snd 9, Albert-square, Manchester, AGFNTS, J. BRUCE MURRAY & Co.. 24 George Square. Glasgow ;J. & J. DENHOLM. Greenock

LORD BROS.' SUMMER SALE. M_ARVELLOUS VALUE! ASTOUNDING BARGAINS! MANTLES, CAPES, JACKETS, MACKINTOSHES, DRESS GOODS, UMBRELLAS, &c., &c. SBB THB PRICES, STYLE, AND QUALITY. SALE COMMENCES SATURDAY, JULY 13TH. FOR 21 DAYS ONLY. LORD BROS., 128, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TILE NEW LONDON SUMMER SUITINGS, THREE GUINEAS. MADE ONLY TO ORDER in the Latest London Mode in Confined and Exalusive Designee. One ot the Finest Selections in the Provinoes. C. SUNDERLAND, 18, NORTH JOHN-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

T. GATERs 0N , FLUSHING.PHOLLAND. THE TURF REGISTER. Published twice daily, Will be forwarded post free on reopipt of address, SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. Price st'published twice daily durin; the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post card containing address. LIVERPOOL CUP, STEWARDS' CI P, GOODWOOD STAKES Ac., THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD.

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE TAILS OF PURR HAIR, lb. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS t per oz. f IMMOVABLE 1 from MADE UP, f b. I SCALPRTTES, f 21s. SHALES BROWN, 3, LERCH-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by II ;Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d., and is. 6d. each. Wholesale by J. MODES AND SON, WARRINGTON.

NORWAY, 1895. F ORTNIGHTLY YACHTING CRUISES By the Fast Ocean Steam Yachts. "MIDNIGHT SUN" AND "NORSE RING." From NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE every Saturday, at 7.30 p.m. Fares from Twelve Guineas, including every modern convenience and luxnry. Apply for Itineraries to JOHN WALKER and Co., " Examiner " Office, Warrington, or to PIRRIE. HOPE and Co., Baltic-chambers, Newcastle- on-Tyne.

VIVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BANGOR, I_l BRAUMARIS and MENAI BRIDGE, DAILY SAIL- INGS from Prince's Landing Stage (Sundays excepted and weather and other circumstances permitting). P.S. ST. TUDNO." leaves Liverpool 10,45 a.m. Arrives Liverpool 7.30 p.m. Special Reduced Fares for Parties (if previously arranged at agents or at Office). N.B.—Every Saturday to 24th August the "BONNIE PRINCESS "will sail from Liver ()col at 1-30 p.m., and re, urn froml Wales early each Monday to August 26. For Fares and further particu- lars apply Messrs. T. Cook lc Son, Swan tc Leach, Limited, Dean& Dawson, 14. Gaze & Sons. Ltd., or to THE LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES STEAMSHIP CO., LIMITED. T. (*.BREW, Secretary, 20, WATER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH weaais. The Splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON will SAIL (weather permitting) &very SATURDAY. at 2 p.m., for LLANDUDNO and Back, leaving there at 5-45 p.m., and arriving at Liverpool about-g 15. Alm EVERY SUNDAY, leaving at 10-45 a.m., for LLAN- DUDNO and MENAI BRIDGE. arriving Back about 7-30 p.m. For particulars apply to W.H. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings, Liverpool.

BEST AND QUICKEST ROUTE TO NORTII WALES AND BACK SAME DAY. HOLYWELL. ST. WINIFRED'S WELL, PRESTATYN, AND RLIYL. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer FLYING FALC.)N Average Passage 1,1 Boors. Will Leave Prince's Landing-stage (weather and other circumstances permitting). SHORT DAY TRIPS giviug I to 2 hours ashore. Battrday, July 6 9 0 a.m. I Saturday, ... July 6, 12 noon Monday. July 8, ... 931 a.m I Monday. July 8. ... I 0 p.m From LIVERPOOL. I From MOSTYN. Monday, July 15.... 12 30 p m. I Monday. July 15.... 5 0 p.m. Tuesday. July 16,... 130 p.m. I Tuesday, July 16,...6 0 p.m. Wed'day. July 17 230 p.m. I Wed•day, July 17,... 70 p.m. Thursday, July 18, 4 30 p.m. I Thursday, July 18, 80 p.m. SPECIAL LONG DAY TRIPS. Friday, July 19 7 0 a.m. Friday, July 19, ... 90 a.m. „ July „ 6 0 p.m. „ July , 830 p.m. Saturday, July 20, 8 0 a.m. Saturday, July 20, 100 a in, „ July „ 3O p m. ~July .. ...9 0 p.m. Single Fare. Return Fare. Deck ls. 6d. I Deck 2s. Od, Bridge ls. 6d. Bridge 3e. ed. SOUTHPORT EVERY SUNDAY AT 2 45 p.m. Refreshments on board at moderate charges. For further particulars apply to the Flying Falcon Steam.hip Co., Ltd., V, Water street, Liverpool. ' me No. 2334. MIGRATION "' PART- `)F THE

EMIGi .1101 £0 ALL _ TS 0. WOULD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., 11;1!1.,NW• "EXAMINER OFFICID, - WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR IIINARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- kj DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

IFOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessadry, but may be arrange TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient for work reqdbgreorrand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless ExtractiM:steligter by the aid got TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Bacon, of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-BTREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS. at Mrs. MBES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-8T RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIPKIR-ST. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARKST-ST

THE QUEEN'S HOTEL, (Late Nag's Head), WARRINGTON. RESTAURANT, LUNCHEONS, TEA AND COFFEE ROOMS, BILLIARDS. CHOPS AND STEAKS AT ANY HOUR. DRINKS UNSURPASSED. SCHWEPP'S, BASS', GUINNES', AND T. JAMESON'S. FIRST-CLASS BEDROOMS, BATHS, AND STABLING. CYCLIST AND PIC-NIC PARTIES PROVIDED FOR, S. STIRRUP, PROPRIEI OR.

MR. BURKINSKAW'S Drawing and Painting Academy, 42, Onsiow-road, Pairfieid, Liverpool. Classes for Ladies on Thursday and Saturday mornings. Schools and families attended.

MALVERN LINK SCHOOL. Advantages for deli- cate and backward boys. Healthiest place in England. No Medical visit last ten years. Admis-ion any time. pupils can remain during Summer Vacation on account of the pure air and water if desired.—Address Dr. AUSTIN.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. HEAD MASTER : Mr. L C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F. 11.0.5. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. PREPARATION FOR PUBLIC EXAMINATIONS. FEES MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE. Prospectus. Lo., on application.

EPPS'S GRATEFUL. COMFORTING. BREAKFAST-SUPPER. COC 0 A BOILINO WATER OR MILK.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STHBBT, BARLBSTOWN. GENERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered to Order. A good assortment of New and Second-band Books always in Stock.

Re ISHERWOOD, OUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 57, TANNER'-LANII, WARRINGTON, Establithed 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Life, Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. Best Current Rates. Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CRIMNRY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED PROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

Ho Home should be Without the Household Favourites 44 0 OTANLEY ' BARING POWDER, BRITANNIA RELISH. MANUFACTURED BY J. MEADOWCROFT AND CO., STANLBY MILLS, BURY.

(MORRIS'S TOLD AND HONEY. IThe only Cure for C•lds, Coughs, Bronchitis, Ac. 1 FACTS. - MORRIS'S TIO-CURB PILLS The only Cure for I NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. MORRIS. CHEMIST, ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, and ell Dealers.

,tieg SHOW THIS TO SOME WattiAgi7i.y luttoerevrtne I will send a valuable. instructive ad n hook which eve y woman would be Oda t4the Contains important and confidential advice 0,1- avoid matried and single how to keep healthy anxietree ies so so d!stres,ing to the sex. Sent • —as wiled, for one stag p to cover postage. nD 88 I Professor 13. LASALLE, 17. Pad dinoton. London. W Eastbourne A li

..... A-----------J XCYE L ' S ! P ril, olVi rniteewfoar,ni caeostsi:l,nBnd9es-hYxielnlaTt.ic3eeA ' d Cushionlittif. ,(Air74 `'F'6' 'so SEAVETIO:,,:I,,t. tAT° .7-oirt:lo.s-..-Mo-nthly. -- -13. it CITYI C. Hi' hCBr. c LP; ,-- 5;1 35, Everton-road, Liverpool ------- .. FITS OR EPILESPY• LINTS. GIDD-NESS, SRNSATIONS, F.- -- , t Tro't- Lfz: Acrffli;;;sa 0 I will demonstr -to to the whole world hoig,t'l,l,-,, peel dre dfol of all comp'alitts. " Epilepsy," will& tip cure-, hithorri consi ,ire.l I icurobie, can be perman"Lietttri. (without the chance of fail ,re). Write to the I,oo°°o. Burwo,ol Howie. Rio-wood Place, Hyde Par-. He will seiol you, " Gratis," full instructions ---- -------)33 " TOBACOONTST9 commencing" Illd. guide (''' inAileger. ToiLICOoNIsTs' CO.-186, Ruston-toad.lsond°n. - Hy. M YEAS Est. 1866. 4 °%lefti " STAOgB DO000). lib', loyal Ltundress.ss say Critchley's , h re ° is on...totalled for imparting a beautifni fillo,:-, ----, atit I non, A, either cold or boiling water starc 'h. mr.ithoat 1: , -all %RV:I :—• • My wife will not finish our linen ';, Dons olio Bfarch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford :--- , 404`,‘, lt I urnple,4secl to inform you that I have tried gi,t', n'y ogre. re 0 arch Glazes and Polishes but find none We' d 64,1* T it:mild iie lISPti ill every house. Sold at id. 3,1,,,,„-"- re s" s .ist. 4.u:i1l sellers If not in stock will Pr'" .11,,r0 +T.. ri, to e.ll.l,lirn. P...onrietor,—Adef• , id of 11/4":reurl: 1 BUPTURR CURED. All who wish to get r•- 4 0 , - treat, and trusses should send to Mr S. J. SI! g.,g-0130- 41)eeinli /, 61. Chancery-lane, Lendon..n" `". ‘i Rochester for his Bo k, post free 7d —Adtt. I I:1 E PLAGUE OF fAii 'HE FT OlißßEtittUt3lN RIP OHHDABLTAIL A FORERUNNER OF "FlAttle Cough." Which nisiN he CURED now by the A I:li Ili tt Ftt II se° ICCA:, r; :g ht ,I 3 :Isirtj 7; IUN G IIIZAELSITSORER R 'NFL UP FOR co gSlc Al 11 Registered AND ALL TORO I UN a AND Ts 1)11:STORER COMPIAAII4 .05 0 1,0 oct is Never Fails. It POSSRSOIO,IOIO 0° I UNG to Sooing. 180 . hich HEAL, - w tiom '4 R RATOR ER other prePars Lu" ESTOR ER p . Fo:NsCTOAIIO NT 1:14!:: 07:1005' 1.. 1., Never Falls. It G NIIVB if Vi ,„1.10. r UN 1-4 RESTORER' I UN( I-4 RESTORER THEIDi::::lumsoFA:Ialst:s:000;0:;_ 1 1 101:Liraiss:borce;5010::: .1i .4.1, LuNG R ESTOR ER LA.UDAN„- Never Fails MORrgl'' ;.,,Til ti LUNG FOR Wl' CU j) ESTORER 410. 11, • i UNG IT ACTS Kli.4. °- LI k-i RESTORER Never Falls ONB criS• IT AI.I,'S ,r 4 STAP-.0. ouovss 1...- iUNGT ESTORER ' WOOD 40 -4 , Ild Registered ESTAR sogg, (JIVES INSTANT NEVER FAILS. RELIEF. FAILS. 10011$11' , OS - dol. #is Chilidrogzipli7l3".oo.o. RXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WlTigai ~. Oro( oci .i) Mrs M. A. Smith, Orphan Heine for_irsui p elei ' To Mr. Twos. if ALL.-' DEAR Sir4' se of 9°s/don el. ...eats. to the great benefit derived from they') ~.1 chit 't'iSTURE ft. Which I h tve given t° eire''ts Isere „le•Do' OF Home—in two eases psrtieularly its e , soil De r ions, lu,,ving cured most obstinate Coughs. • all reoomm end it to all My friende." f ilA'-'419 f A. 1 ,sl ,C pTeN.,A :I r)tj7 , : f1;117 ---4-4. Bottle °'4,13400 t: I' 4rl lea: el u Markus iad °e "be persuaded _!(.>, genuT.f.,,,,,,taff • ,evv,lee of f raud U lent imitations andet:nrori-7,..,e 10,,,..,f. . —When you ask, ask for s accept ijot.. (the wrafl7derre of f esi!'l._s•Ytici 0) na'sn.ci ° 010' Sold by ilbernists and Stores el_wfir; 1. I'd. and u Is. 9d. Should there nen're'esips Vit Obtaiumg, it will be sent carriage Paicii4 or the amount, from THOS. HALL* street. London.

COLWYN BAY.—St. Winifred's Boarding House, Mostyn- road. Pleasantly situated, comfortable, liberal table, Moderate terms.—Mrs. GRAY. BLACK POOL.—CLARRMONT BOARDING ESTABLISH- -1../ MEET, 13 and 14 Lansdowne Crescent, Claremont Park. Tariff.—R. H. DIABBOTT, proprietor.

r LANDIIDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST LA PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms ISs.—E. BAYER, Proprietor.

QOUTH PORT. SUNNYSIDB HYDRO-Phys., Dr. BARNARDO, Summer and Winter Rerdence, one of the handsomest buildings, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and golf links. Turkish. Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. summer Terms from Is. per day.— J. BOOCDCH, Proprietor.

T LANDUDNIO.—WEST END BOARDING ESTABLISH- _LI MEET; recently enlarged; highly recommended for cleanliness, good management, moderate charges, home com- forts; charming situation; view of bays, close to beach, pavilion, pier, golf links ; liberal table; line dining, drawing, ladles', and smoke rooms; no extras.—T. JEPHCOTT, pro- prietor.

I LANDUDNO.—PARADE HOTEL. Church-walks. x- LA accommodation ; moderate tariff; high-class Ordinary daily at 1 4 ; choirs and picnic parties specially catered for; boarding terms.—C. T. C.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 A 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME CoMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

gpartmtntslltirttlObeb Po ttseo, &r.

BLACKPOOL.—Public and private APARTMENTS ; very comfortable, central, and moierate.—Sfas. ALMOND. Heath House, 43, Talbot-road.

HYL.—Comfortable Apartments ; sea view : welt-fur- nished ; good cooking, attendance ; next Parade ; per- fect sanitation. Moderate. 18 Queen-at. ORECAMBH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS. public or 1.71. private, pleasantly situated, close to fen, terms reason- able—Miss. NEWTON, 37 Alexandra-road, West End.

BLACKPOOL.-3111. KENTON, 26, Talbot-square ; coin- fortable apartments ; three doors from Catholic church; terms for apartments private or otherwise strictly Moderate ; sea view.

fIOLWYN BAY.—" Home from Home" Boarding Bstab- ment ;near sea and woods ; beautiful situation ; board and residence from 21s. pet week and daily terms.—MßS. BRACT-TONE, Plas-y-coed.

QHAP, WESTMORLAND. Furnished HOUSE or APART- MENTS to be let, two sitting, four belrooms. garden &e., extensive views, five miles from lake Ilaweswater, beet position.—Rontrisoir, Hill Top. Shap.

BLACKPOOL. —5, Wilton Parade. Claremont Park Private Apirtmenta ; large lofty rooms; facing sea families boarded if remyred ; hot, cold, and sea-water biths; —Address. Mrs. WHITING.

cI,OI.ITHPORT FOR HEALTH.—No. 5. Promenade has 1...7 been recently beautified and substantially furnished for families used to good homes. Address or apply to M. Joni ES, as above.

I..)LACKPOOL.—Mrs. Holinan (from Accrington). Black- -1.1 burn House, 12, High-street. Blacki.ool Comfortable Apartments; two minutes' walk from Talbot-road etation and sea. Piano.

DOllGLA.B.—Delamere House, No. 1, Empress Drive. Public and private Apartment. with or without board. All bedrooms lacing sea. arms pass from landing pier.—J. 8.14011611, Proprietor.

MORECAMRK—Comfortable APARTMENTS to be Let; publia and private sittirg tooms ; good beds.- Mrs. CALVERLF Y. 4, Oxford-street. Within three minutes' walk of L. et N.-W. Station. _ _ _

F-FURNISHED HOUSE to LET July and August, two sitt- 1' rooms and seven 'bedrooms, rent moderate.—Ai p!N Miss THRELKELD, The Grange. Borrovruale, near Keswick, Cumberland.

BLACKPOOL, s uperior APARTMHNTS public and private; 6 sitting-rooms facing the sea, pimnati, bath ; terms moderate.—MßS. WALTON, 10, Tyldesley Terrace, promrnsde.

nOUGLAS. MRS. CHALMERS and Mrs. LINkrARD, 1.1 York HOUSE, Castle Drive, fscing Castle Mona Hotel. Spit noid Sea View. Trams pan the door every few minutes. Private sitting-room. Terms moderate. Home Comforts.

I LANDUDNO.--Superior Apartments ; clean, comfortable, la homely; every home comfort; grand scenery ; pure, bracing air. Terms very moderate. Highly recommended. Birmingham referenees.—Mrs. BARROW, Stone Grove, Lloyd- street.

Etomeatt herbantO, Su. WWORTH,A-147415:g GENERAL Nantwich. Cheshire.

lu ALE and FEMALE NURSES Ir--TITUTION, 70, Hope- i street. Liverpool.—Bstabl shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses. Massage, apply or telegr ph.—•• Nurses," Liverpool. 1 elepbone, 570.

AiortUantouo.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKEt, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMIT.H. 59, AND 81, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer In WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS . and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMEN'TS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

UORPHITHD. Patent Silver Lever _L' WATCH, by Russell and Son, Payments taken. Church-st., Live' pool, in extra stout easeccompensation b.lance and fully jewelled. Cheapest Watch in town 30s. for

Q DAY repeating Carriage CLOCK, 1-1 strikes hours and half hours on sweet-toned Cathedral gong, cost 5 Payments taken. guineas when new off those well- known makers Blkington and Bons, of Liverpool. This is a rare oppor- tunity and ought not to be missed. £ S. 10 Given away for

VERY handsome pair of China V FIGURES, under shades 15 in. Payments taken. high, to clear, only 10s. lid.; also very pretty centre-piece to match of 103. 6111. two FIGURES, price only

(ACT this week, very pretty Gold kl BROOCH, Government Hall Payments taken. marked, set with very fine Diamond of splendid colour and quality, nearly new. Our price. with case 12s. 11D. complete

WALNUT OVERMANTEL, 361 n. Payments taken. by 371/1„ English plate-glass, brackets for ornaments, Lac. A grand 15E. 6D. bargain for

MODEL Grandfather's CLOCK, In splendid Walnut case,grand Payments taken. movement and good timekeeper, suitable for Bedroom, case alot.e is worth the money we are asking. 9fl 3. 6D. Price only HAND - PAINTED Toilet SET, richly gilt, beautiful design, Payments taken, make a splendid pretent. At a re- duced price to make room. A bar. 15s. I.ln. gain for

O N SAM?, MANURE WORKS. Widnes. and Gas Works and Cotton Mill. Derbyabire.—Apply to J. HeaICIIIG, 16, Fenwic ..-street, Liverpool. ON SALE 2,000 tons wrought, steel and cast, scrap, turn- logs, boiler plates, steam boilers tanks, engines, pulleys, etc. Catalogues.—Apply D. }lonia, Worksop, Notts.

VARTIIENWASE and China.—Secons, £2 crates; best. _U..4 £3 ;or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s 6d. Write for lists. WEBB and Co., Railway Passage, Longton, Staffordshire.

66 QTBPPON " (Register ed).—Liquid Fixature,promotes KJ growth, and instantly arranges the Moustache to any desired shape.—Post free Is.. from the " STEPPONAX " CO., 20, North John-st., Liverpool.

J3DOOT BUSINESS.—BeImont-road Boot Stores, one of the best positions in Liverpool. corner shop (plate glass. double-fronted), good business, capable of great extension In the hands of an energetic man, fixtures, & , £53, stock good, optional.—Fltxxxxpt, 306, Creek-road. Liverpool.

PHOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisities ; new and second-hand ; cheapest house in the trade; goods bought and exchanged.—PHOTOGRAPIIIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-street, Manchester (All Saints).

-VOUND, a way to make One, Pound go as far as Three. The _l2 Most wonderful Stock of Gentlemen's and Boys' Cloth- ing In Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on hire, 3s. to Sc. per day.—ELwoon, 164, London-road, Liverpool, TOHN LOWB. Fire and Thief -proof SAFE MAKER, has ON SALE Mimer, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West, Manchester.

GREAT SURPRISE —NEVER KNOWN BEFORE —Gold and Silver English Lever Watches and Chains delivered on first payment of 2s. fd.. and not on th. hire system; warranted for ten years.—Hums, 192, Stanley-road. and 8, Great 11 omer-street. Liverpool.

DRESB SUITS, 20s. excellent. Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coats, 10s. and 12s. Suits on hire, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in atock.—BLwoon 164, London-road, Liverpool.

BAXING add CONFECTIONERY.—On Sale,good business in Baking and Confectionery; princi: al thoroughfare. For particulars apply to Mr. SHAW GREEN, Aocouutaut, 18. King-st , WsrringtOn.

DRorrucr YOUR GARDENS from ra7a.ges of birds.- 1 Tanned NETTING,3S square yards for is. Will not rot if loit out in MI sorts OF weathers. Sent any width ; car- riage paid oil all orders over ss. As supplied to the Royal rdens. Sent on approval. Hundreds of Testimonials HBNRY JOHN Ots.uoN, Nish Merchant, Rye, Sussex.

PE NTS t Tents t t Tents! t I Suitable for Gardens, 1 Cricket, or C.lnaping-out Purpo•es, 40 feet in circum- ference. pure linen, with pegs, poles, and lines complete. These tent, are white, and have only been used a little by her Majesty's Government, and cost over Zfi each. I will send one complete for 30s. ; can be sent. on approval.—HENnY J. GAESON. Government contractor, Itye, Sussex.

rjlo SHOPKEEPERS, HAWKERS, &c.—Cutlery Tools, be. 1, (job lots) assorted parcels, 12s. and 225. eaoh.—GmLast, Milton-st , Sheffield.

rllO WATt;HMAKEILS.—To he sold a Watch. Clock, and J.?wellery business In a thickly populated district near Wigan. situated lathe main street, expenses low, excellent opportunity for a practical and energetic young man, with small capital. part of stock removed if desired. satisfactory reasons for selling.—Apply in first instance B.S Examiner Office, Warrington.

TO Engineers and Shipsmiths. For Sale, as a going coo- l. eern, the well-established BUSINESS carried on for the past 15 ears at 18 Reg nt-road, opposite the C;arence Grav- ing Dock, Liverpool. Offers Invited for the plant, fixtures, utensils, and stock. immediate possession can be given.— Apply to Messrs. THRAVES a d OWEN, accountants, 15. Vic- toria-strt et, Liverpool.

A WARDRDFIRSTPRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide _ft. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Chempest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always In stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings. etc. Picture frames of every descriptii,n. cleographs, A.C. Further reducl on in prices. Wholesab, Carver and Gilder. Every requi 31l a for the trade and exportation. Special attention to co +ars, and shim ing °Mere. Full particulars in New Pattern 30K just publish.d (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. —H. MORELL. 17 and 18. Great Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address •• liabbitsv," London. Stock Lists awl prices of glass monthly,free.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORB BACKS, Stc., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts. bruises broken knees, erackPd hr.-15. grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Oondy's Fluid. diluted). It. makes the hair grow where rubbe eff. Prices, oz. Is. : 20 oz . 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases DI Horses, Dogs, do. from CONDY'S Tomlin "rssg.s.6j. Tornmilt-street. Lomb-m.li C.

---- --- WIDOW WRLCH'S PILLS FOR FMMALB COMPLAINTS AIRS. SMITH ERS, Granu-daughter of the Widow LVI Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and geouine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints hasobtalned for it a most extensive and !no easing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION —To be careful that *hat they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers who is the only person in possession of the Oan.t. NLL RNCIPE. 'The genuine ire wr pped in Blue Paper, mad signed in tne outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole wholesale Agents, "W. Bowsaws AND Sox. i.. Queen Victoria-at," formerly of 67. St. Paul's. London, Are engraved on the Government Stamp. Sold b.mes at 25.5,. each, by mo,t Chemists.

CONFRCTIONARY BUSINESS.—WANTIM at once,young WOMAN, to live in, must be able to bake plain and fancy goods.—Apply H. C. JOPBON, Grocery Depot, teishpool, Bury, Lancashire.

WANTED, Agents and others having spare time, to take TT Orders for Musical Instruments, Watches, Clacks, Sewing Machines, Mangles, Bassinettes and other Goods ; cash or easy payments,—E. OwILLIAAI,IdardoI. Shrewsbury.

CIVIL and Electrical Enaineering.—Vacancy for Pupil in the Office of the Engineer and Surveyor to the Ear- mouth District Council; sewerage waterworks. dm ; prepara- tion for professional examinations.—Address Mr. I'. BLACK- BURN. Civil engineer, Barmouth, North Wales.

‘VANTED, Men, Youths, and Boys to Buy every descrip- tion of Clothing, ready-made or made to measure. Easy payments at cash prices. Payments to suit customers' own convenience.—Apply personally any evening, 6to 9, or by letter, which will receive prompt attention.—D. BLACK, 16, Erskine street, Liverpool.

NVANTED.—FURNITURB and every class of goods pur- chased for Irarrediate cash, outside value given or if preferred, liberal advances on storage from one shilling per week. No charge for inspection or retnoral. Instant atten- tion. Having purchased many thou sands of houses of Furniture during past forty years amply testifies highest price, and every satisfaction is &ea.-11E01MR TURNER and BoNS (established 1810), 44, Ohurca-street, Liverpool. Telephone 1,897.

pRKKETH. COTTAGES, 2s, Bd. per week. UNION STREBT, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. Apply, ROBERT Loww. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65. TO LET. No 7, Palmyra Square. Rent L CARTER & SON, Bridge-st., Warrington.

OUSIS TO LIIT, 126, Wllderspool-road, Warrington, 4 be I room s, drawing-room. dining-room, kitchen , scullery, Itc., rent £lB. Immediate poesession.—Apply at 212, Wilderspool-read.

SQT. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA.—To Sell or Let, HOUSES situate in and numbered 18 and 20, bt. Alban's-road ; Immediate possession.—Apply J. H. WALan, solicitor, Orchard-road. St Annes-on the-Sea. HOUbBS. EAGLE MOUNT and STAFFORD TERRACE, composed of tour bedrooms, two sitting-rooma,kitchen cellar, and other conveniences; rent £l4. Also Sunnyside Stockton Heath. every convenience, including bathroom etc. ; pleasant aspect ;rent £l9 10s.— Apply BOSTOCK,Wilders- pool. Warrington. CIAPITA-1, FAMILY RESIDENCE t., , No. 11, Museum-s V Warrington ; containing two entertaining rooms,sitting room, kitchen. scullery, tic., wi Is the usual offices, recently beautllled, sanitary arrangements perfect. rent £.30 per anrum. For card to view apply THOMAS COWDELL, Estate Agent, Scotland-road Chambers. Warrington.

rro LET, old established DINING-ROOMS. doing a 1 capital trade ; present owners retiring from further business; grand opening for young or middle-aged couple. Every satisfaction &ea.—Apply bIB. ENIonT, Nuttall-at., Rochdale.

sworn. TRy, ARD BI CONVINCFD. Money adv4nced daily at 1. a few Ito in' notice from £3 upwards, s mpiy on note of hand. Interest lower than elsewhere. and oath brought to the house if preferred. Letters promptly attended to.—Apply in confidence JONtii. titt. Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.

NO FURS UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. - STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHGUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now beinglent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 22, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Flours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

MONEY LENT on note of hand alone, without sureties, publicity, or security, from £2O to £5,000, to ladies or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person In town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges hatever. ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings guts anteed. Hills doicounted, Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate loan office money lenders' or so called Banks heavy interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- comntodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsenhere, before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South. 2, Lithe!, land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

£3 TO £5OO. ON YOUR OWN SRCURITY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. To respectable Householders, F.arners, Tradesmen and others. Male or Female. Repayments Raiy. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10- to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOZI.EPII WADSWORTH, District Agent, 125, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR. JOHN B. GOODWIN continuzs to make ADVANCIIS FRIVATISLY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Workingmen, and all respect able Hc nseholders, on their own security. 40NEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcrolse to pay back.—Apply it VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS kfoot of the Central Station), WtDNES, and In WARRINGYCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-law. any Evening from 6t 7. Applications from RUNCORN an, District generally receive precisely the same attention.

u NION LOAN AND DISCO UNT COMPANY. LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO Flit•D OFFICE-38, RENSM•W-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Loans from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security, deeds, life policies, reversions, annuities, dock bonds, shores, .4c., repay- able by instalments, or as may be arranged. £lO Repayable ss. per week l4s. 9d. £2O as. ~ e, £5O .• 2os. ~ £ll-0 /0 4oa. ~ LSD() „ £lO „ £lOOO ,. £2O , First-class security at reduced interest. Telephone 5438. Stocks and Shares bought and said. and advances made thereon. RICHARD DAVIE:3, Manager.

AM ANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large to zinor(retotteclmsCosoot.pitablieWlLteLrsoAnD.V, AoN.ClithsoUMßo9 Xwftlso, SIMPLD WUITTIN Plio MISR to ItSPAY. Without Sureties Also on Deeds Delay. .. Lite Polices Repayments. „ Law Costs. trc. by easy .. Publicity. At 5 per cent. Instalments. Capital can remain at interest This °Moe is a Dona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Orrice. HABITUAL EtORROWERS requested not to apply. Full particulars J. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Manchester Chambers 46a, Market-st., Manchester.

FURNISH AT WORSLETS, THE PANTHEON, GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE IMMENSE ASSEMBLAGE. THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. FURNITURE BY LAMB, GILLOWS, FURNITURE BY DOVESTON, OGDEN. FURNITURE BY BEHAN, WILSON. FURNITURE BY GOODALL, GARNETT. FURNITURE BY MAPLE, AND SHOOLBRED

SPECIAL NOTICE.—WORSLEY'S BUY, SELL, or EX- CHANGE FURNITURE to any amount; are the Oldest-established Bona Fide Brokers in Manchester. If you wish to sell your Furniture, go to Worsley's, and save trouble and expense of auction. If you wish to buy Second-hand Furniture, go to Worsiey's. There is more genuine Second- hand Furniture there than all the other dealers put together. If you wish to Exchange your Furniture, go to Worsley's, as you will be fairly and equitably dealt with.

WEEKLY CHAT.—Subject: Second-hand Furniture.— The opening of Spring is the time for the busy house- wife to put her house in order, therefore the matter of furni- shing must be well discussed. We cannot, therefore, do better than advise a visit to Worsley's before definitely de- riding where and what to purchase. This visit cannot pos- sibly but prove remunerative, if only in experience. "The Pantheon " being a hive of industry, it is a palatial pile of buildings close to the Central Station, having a frontage ot nearly 150 feet This immense building is filled from floor to ceiling (six storeys) with the grandest collection of High- class Second-hand Furniture in the World. This is not an exaggeration, but can be verified by ocular olemonstrat ion if you pay a visit to Manchester. Suites of Bedroom Furni- ture, for instance, by such makers as Goodall. Lamb, Ogden, ece., original coet from £2OO to £3OO, for from £5O to £7O ; suites, original cost £5O to £7O, for £lO to £2O. Pay a visit and see for yourself ; you can surely use your common sense, and see if Worsley's is the place as described.

GRELT BARGAINS IN COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. HOUSE OF FURNITURIS FOR £2O. A capital House of Furniture is now oil view, late the properly of Mr. Godfrey, of Moss Side Manchester, contains complete furniture for sitting or dining-room, kitchen, bed- rooms, hall, stairs, landing, ttc. Full particulars post free.— WORSLE r S.

OUSES OF FURNITURE (SECOND HAND). £lO, II £2O, £3O. £4O, £5O, £75, and £lOO Houses of furni- ture In stock have been considerably reduced, complete lists of which will be sent on application post free. All guaranteed for five years.

• • TIER' FACIAS. A writ of Fieri Facies has been the means of Woreley's securing the whole of the furniture of a liol.on gentleman. and is now on view at Worsley's at an enormmts sacrifice. Prices ore quoted separately for each room. If sold in one lot 10 per cent will be deducted. but any single article may be par Lased. livery article guaranteed for lAt years; delivered Carriage paid.—lnspection invited. The Dining Room is handsomely furnished in pollard oak, contains a massive suite, richly carved. upholstered in the most expensive English morocco leather, stuffed in hair; a magnificent sft gin. s.deboard, the most beautifully marked and figured wood in Rngland; a grind 12ft. dining table, heavy carved legs; a splendid heavy overmantel to match, also a high pollard oak coal cabinet; the whole originally designed and produced by Mr. Robinson, the eminent draughtsman, for nearly £4./0; our price £137. A wonderful bargain.

The Drawing is& charming picture of good taste, being en- tirely Chippendale, contains, briefly, an elegant sft. cabinet, all carved and perforated in Egyptian pediments fitted with brilliant plate-glass panels; is recherche suite of settee, 2 easy and 6 occasional chairs, all various designs, uphoistere I in silk Genoa as desired, selection cf tints submitted, the whole having been repaired for re-covering; a very beautiful over- mantel and is set of three occasional tables complete; a very fine suite, to be sold a bargain for £7O guineas ; worth £250. The Breakfast Boom is furnished in American walnut and would be acceptable in any dining room, has a 61t. sideboard of massive proportions, beautifully carved in has relief ; a Suite of nine pieces in Oriental saddle bags, the couch and easy chairs are large and comfortably luxurious; good heavy Dining Table, Overmantel, and Coal Cabinet, complete; the , let for which the ridiculously low price of £32 10A. will secure a great bargain. The Bedrooms, four in number, contain magnificent furni- ture. The best bedroom Suite is one of the handsomest in Manchester, made by Henry Ogden and Sons, in remarkably "handsome satinwood; cost £250. The wardrobe is worth double our price for the lot. The suite consists of the ward- robe 81t., dressing table Sit,, washstand Sit., pedestal cup- board, chairs and rail ; our price for quick sale £65. Magni- ficent solid brass Persian Bedstead, sft. wide, with sprinz matt; ess, thick hair mattress: Silk Plush and Cretonne Dra- pery ; the lot for £2O, worth £6O. The Second Bedroom contains an extraordinary Pollard Oak Bedroom suite, by Shepperton, full suite as the best room ' • wardrobe 61t., and is honestly worth £75 ; our pifee £35. The brass Persian bedstead, similar to the best room and completely fitted, will be sold for £l2 10s. The Third Be iroom contains a splendid American Walnut Bedroom Suite tor 20 guineas, exquisitely carved, full of beauty, and is &grand bargain. Dross bedstead complete as described above in the best room for £9 9x. The Fourth Bedroom contains a Suite in American Ash, a full, complete suite for 10 guineas ; also a brass Persian bed- stead COM pieta for £6l9s. The furniture as described above Is on view, Rnd will be packed and dative red free, stored until required, and a ' written warranty with everything for 10 years.

. . r.FI yIJILNITuRR BARGAINS. t American Roll-top Desks in great variety,from £6 10s. Flat-top Office Desks, from 308. ; Pedestal, Registered, and Cylinder D.aks, from £3 10a. All to be cleared during the March Sale ; wonderful baro,aina. Asid 10 per cent, to evervt hint! on deferred payments.

Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, A I.IOIIONEER AND VALIUM, OFFICE'S —Market Ge Chembeen, Warrlngterr . Atrertorr Rooms—No.l gank Street f AGENT To--Sun Fire rind Life Orrse, London, Eatablt 1710. Norwich and London (eNteldent Plate Glass, Pideltey Gorr- antee and Employers' Liability) Inawrance Association. Established 1868. Imperial Live Stook 1 nsurtrnee Assoc:hem: Limited. Ds- tabilsbed 1878. National Boil erln surance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS CO WDE LL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALURR, OFFICES AND ISCOTLAND-ROAD CHAMBRRS, SALEROOM:— j 45 SCOTLAND-BOAC, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

Itcs bp Sittuttou. BYFESIS WILLIAM TaSON-# SOTK:

ALL ACCIDENTS. RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIAI3ILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL £1,000,000. ESTABLISHED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,480,000, 64, CORNEILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGNNTS Warrington Mr. O. J. HOLMES, Market Gate St. Helene Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-atreet linuteford Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTER Sandbaeh Mr. N. NI NLOSV.ltookery Bridge

S IJT INSURANCE 17010 FF ICE, FOUNDS Sum INSURED zif 1894.—£393,622,400. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WAItItINGTON Mr. J. R. Packmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55. HOrsemarket-street. Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l Ring-street Mr. R. Lowe. Market Gate Chambers

WOOLS, WORSTEDS, AND KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT FROM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, RID, AND CO., SPIRIVEIig AND MANUPACTURERbe TEE WORSTED MILLS, GRHENOCK nate Opened a Branch of the Scorefir WOOL & "'OSIER!' STONFIeI AT 37 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, For the See of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNITTED DOSIERF 10'14, SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. Thtte Goods at! wen kribltrr and largely nand In every Town, 10$00t150 and Ragland. PATTERNS AND PRICE MST SUPPLIED F 13311. Over 70 Vratichet In the Principal Scotch and Bnelsh

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, Prepared witaonk Vfercury, are invenuable to all from BILIOUS and,Lmaa COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTIOs....O of SPASMS, Ns RYOUB DILPRE&SION, iBRITABLLITT. APPETITE, DYSPePSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS. IC' LIR. SCOTT'S PILLS, egtisl' RS a GENERAL F.safttiw APA2tiENT MEDPCINS oaV,B liforascb' being mild in their operation and grateful to tiae "retiootit Theygive a healthy tone and vigour to the different sec Liver causing the necessary organsof the Stomach and rotnotiug resume their activity, thus restoring the apPetite'P digestion and strengthening the whole systegat • DR. SCoTT's PILLS, t oort shoutd be kept at hand by au i Heads of houeeh4,kl,6h'o:e to On any slight occasiontof ailing on the part on, .70etion 7 theirettarge as by paying attention to the reguts' inuessie the Stomach, Liver and Trowels, many ir avoided or or Mitigated. pxcoge. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square gree„l 173.Ser bearing the name of the proptietor, W. ~ mour ?face, London. W. 13y poet for 14 or 34 earn' ___:••••••

NOTICES TO CORRESPONDENTS. u A.Srhasway.— nr letter The statements mentioned in -- do not appear in our report of the case. f Oeirl All letters to the Editor and contributions o should be written on one side of the paper 01317. f. in $ll The name and address of correspondents roue" t cases be given, not necessarily for publication bu euarantee of good faith. r the *** We do not hold ourselves responsible -Pcb opinions ezpressed in letters to the Editor, svbi•tere, understood to embody only the views of

ll• ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over MO Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE—ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on 321 re a nd above.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAJEBS. AT JA MSON 'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PH OTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND BriIItYTHIAI

TIIE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. i AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. • AGENTS FOR i ACKBRS, WHIFLEY I CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICk: : Arpley Station, Warrington. ' •COAL SIDINGS : SLATE WHARVEB, —pTley AWdarrid eons ton. t Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay 1 leleeplh.,one No. 19. Ar i Matson-street, RuncomrnoidGjanr.ston,

EXTRAORDINARY VALUE. , A SOLID SILVKR lii.YLESi WATCH Soup WORTH 25,- IS GIVIIN tWAY FOR 12/6. BILVat Although 12/613 only laslf the price I guar- f antee that it is a solid silver ease, hss a good IIETLES9 : jewelled movement and icseps very good time .. The ordinary retailers' price for this watch WATCHMS • ii 25/-. Send postal orders for 12/10 with your ad- 112/6 , dress and I will send by return, registerrd, one of these real si'ver key eas watches, for which you will be thanktul. Mention this per, and address— Regular nRI3 • RT. Wholesale Jeweller, price .LI 10, CHURCH-ST , LIVRRPOOL. 25/-

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. --- SUFFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. pILLs. "30, Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea, SW., January 27,1892, FADE'S pILLS. " Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great prAide 14'ADE'S piLLs. for Introducing such a valuable medicine as your Gout rills• Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never hid anything to relieve my pin so quickly as your Pills. I used td lay in bed for two or th,ee months at a time, but now I not only g-t re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work ill leas than a week. My complaint RHEUMATISM is the worst of a'l Gouts, GOUT called Chalk Gout. Yours truly, " . LITTLEJOHN." RHEUMATISM Mr. NYG. Bade. E ADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Eade, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON 8.C.; and Bold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. lid., and 2s 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

POLISHING-A PLEASURE I WILL NOT yvt STEPHENSON's FINGER MARK. kV-.. FURNITURE t, ~...v, I CREAM. Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD. Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and irontnony

BWIFT GOLD =DAD lIEW HARRISON .0 KNITS Stmkingsribbetierplaia GLOVES and CLOTHING In WOOL. BILK. or COTTON. INSTRUC, TIONS FREE. Liats free per post. TRIUMPHANT AWARD at PARIS. The only WINNER In the WORLD of? GOLD MEDALS and la other Honours. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINE Co. Ltd. Works : 48, Upper Brook St.. Mancheeter.

FATNESS FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE PILLS are lig 0 safe and pleasant cure ; sent free from irk I observation on receipt of P.O. for 2s. 6. A marvellous means of reducing excessive 1111144, "*. proving the complexion. "—E, CAMERON, 33, Imperial Mansions, Oxford treet Loudon.

TO WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of Youthful Errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Back, Diseases, Sze. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for borne cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work, should be read by every roan who is nervous and debilitated —Address Messrs. WILK ,NSON and CO., Medical Hall Sheffield. Established 1330. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the cas Can be obtained direct.

.i„,,! ,:. • 2,..,,,,;:ji, tl' ill 1 "" 1.P41i'1.111.'.,1, 1,,- 4„,:i.- 1LL,,.., 1 l',l'A -, '4''' ~.-_----::

Those tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam S Pl/4 I\l TA tjee:tlionalbst.n%betirbes In 46 48 hours the same diseases without incon- -47 1 D. 44 venlence. 4/6 of all Clia. mists. Or post free. WILCOX a Co., 239 OXFORD 81%, LON DON, W

CINE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and external), Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of efixture . 2s. 91. Only of HOP, Operative Chemist, Oa Methuen).332. Deansyste, Manchester. Advice free,

ESTABLISHED 1851 BIRKBECK BAN' Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. thandou. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. LbITEREST allowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £18... STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum de posit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS RAVE NSCROFT. Manager

THE "FATAL" NOISELESS GUN. 251- 30)- ' f Ires shot and ball, gitaratiteed to kill tense at 150 yards. NOTE.—This gim is our patent. and the gerannes article can only be obtained from us. Worthless Imitations made abroad, as advertised under various names by patty dealers in Folkestone, we can supply at 175. 6d. Catalogue of far-killing sporting gum and testimonials, together with liat of over 500 Gouulue second-hand Breechloaders. net free. from CUFFLYN @Co.. Far-Killing Gun Makers, Folkestone. CAUTION.—No other firm in Folkestone make their own guns.

LADIES' BEST FRIEND - LADIES Muriel. or Sicgle Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post free. HANDY sealed, two stamps; invaluable infor- mation of never-failing remedies for all Irregularities and Obstructions. obsti- ILLUSTRATED nate or long-standing. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous G, or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the u IDE. I meet delicate. MADAME A. E. LILLY, COLSTON-STREET, BRISTOL

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is. iv. and 2s. 9d, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Bier curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATEDCORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, ls. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. by all Ptent Medicine Vendors.

vr AD AM E FitAl N'S FAMOUS FE MALE MIXTURE. The mat powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price 7s 64 (Strongest us bottle). Post free 6d extra. HERBAL INSTITUTE, la, HACKNEY-ROAD, (facing Shoreditch Church), LONDON, N.E. Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial that is' not ne nine, and they can be seen at any time.

A HELPING HAND is extended to all sufferers from Nervous Debility, the Errors of Youth, Lost Manhood, Weakness, Dimness of Sight, Bladder, ;ravel, Kid- ney, Liver Complaints, and all Diseases of the Urinary Organs. A Minister is in possession of a GUARANTEED REMEDY, THE CREAT AMERICAN PRESCRIPTION, which has cured many thousands of sufferers from these fatal diseases, and he will send it Free of Charge on receipt of Id atamp for postage. Write to the REV. DAVID JONES, Ray Villa, St. Ann's Crescent, Lewes. Name this Paper.

GREAT REMEDY. sT,J,Ainss GOUT PILLS FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAG 0 The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure Safe, and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at la. lid. and 2s. 9d. paer box.

SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM, SILVER'S ECZEMA, WOUNDS, ULCERS. 0 IL EAD LEGS, SPRAINS. BRONCHITIS, SORE THROA r. (CnornoN, England.) NEURALGIA, An. BOTTLES, 81(1., Is. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent 7, H. WESTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN,

NORTON'S CAMOMILE, PILLS 111-ve a reputation of ncariC 100 YEARS •5,..•. .• US being WITHOUT AN EQUAL as a Lcinrily for INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, -144.4 q SICK BILIOUSNESS, • 44. • 41, ,lett HEADACHE, and LIVEII 0r .1 COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS. -=7.--,- . " , *' - •ii,li. - ,„, P 1,. , T .t ? • *.44ti •'• • A+ r,.14, S ,05190' . elltif 4 4 , , q It(i3O%‘o 911°•`. i .• . i ti •t ' A;D: " ' Mild in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Sold in Bottles at le id. 2.. is id. and and 114 each, by all 'sf.,dicfne Vendors throughout the World Ask ter "No, ton's Camomile Pills." and do not be persuaded to purchase an imitation. Prepared by SonToN'S LTD.. 21 Spital Square, Loudon, E.."...

AT NOMIPJAL COST. The LONDON AND LIVERPOOL PIANO- FORTE COMPANY, 30 and 32, “rimby Street, LIVERPOOL, will send to any respectable liony-- holder in any pert of the Kingdom, on payment 'of ORS ner an.nth, a H 1 Gli-C LASS PIANO, with ion frame and nit re cut imp ovements, ;old trill d •liver saute o • payment pf toe. 6d. Twilve months' trial is allowed. al if necessary to exchani.s,e, all espeuis S ltre Paid by the Company. The pricas are ront 20 guineas. As no 0t Cr firm offers such !ilieral tens, intending buyer-are invited to write for farther p irt•culars and testimonials, to TIF LONDON & LIVEnPOOL PLINCFOr7F 30 .111132, Granby Street, LI W CM' CL. Manago-- H In' R. JoNEs. Men tioa s ta,Ar•-.

SMOKER'S COMPANION A Combined SELF - INKIN( POCKET STA vIP, MATCH BO) and CIGAR CUTTER (best nicks silver. A USEFUL Novelty. Enormous Sale. Pr:ces including Box, Ink a c Brush, one line Stamp, 21. 3d. ; two lines 26. 9d. ; three lines 3.3 d. Post Pie°. A. J. BYROM. 8, CHURCH-STREET, GOLBORNE. A FEW SMART AGENTS WANTED.

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge, full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which during an extensive practice, both at home and In the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the most OBSTINATE CASES of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so-oalled Remedies, &e., which, in the majority of eases, are nothing but PUR- GATIVES, and cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed: D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9, Erskine Street, Liverpool

' flriau'n GREAT PURITY, .. . II PERFEC.T WHITENESS BEAUTIFUL . LUST lE. Used in all slitlicit the principal . Laundries. - SOLD BY ALL GROCERS & OILMEN IN ORIGINAL 4le PACKETS; I Le . 118. AND i Le. BOXES.

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE" 1411/17-4341. I A WORLD-FAMED „ 161.1JUU MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, skin mad Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects Pre marvellous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Ils, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Wortidess Imitations.

For Home, Colonial, and other Markets.—CAl HARNESS, complete set,t3 6s. 6d.•. GIG HARNESS, full size, £3 35.; Cob size, £2l t6s., Pony size, £2 tos.; DONKEY HARNESS, Li SOL HEAVY CART HARNESS, £21135. 6d ; Demi-hogskin RIDING SADDLES, complete, Is gs. All sent on approvaL Illustrated price lists post free, cm application to Jammu*, Nottingham.

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to tfieig NEW CATALOGUE,

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE 8c IRON FENCES, now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Rome and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa• tion is supplied on application. RAIL! NGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, • PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, atc. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, *pions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, • FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c HURDLES NETTING 4.ND TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK, I`6TITtJt7 BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Locking Joints ,uONDON OFFICE: 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster.

NATURE'S - REMEDY. For the cure of Nervous Debility, Lost Manhood,Yotith. fnl Imprudence Dimness of Sight, Nervous Diseases of every form, Liver Complaints, and all Diseases of the Urinary Organs. Write to W. ROSS, EMI, 7 BiurroL GARDZI4B, BUT Ranurrow, Swum (enclosing id. stamp for postage), for this Great Herbal Prescription, which cured him alto Isiamf sod nifsring. (Name this Paper.) •

MOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL FILLS tot Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove at obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons. so preva ent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s, 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, E , T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottingham. Beware of imitations.

RULES FOR STARCHING. A most valuable little book for those who do Starching at home. Post free ha two stamps. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, E.C,

FOUR -GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. RisiNG suN POLISH. EASIEST, QUICKEST, CHEAPEST.& BEST BLACLEAD T',:c WORLD. 2 In Half the Time, with Half the Labour, you can produce More Polish with Two Penny Packets of Rising Sun than with Half. ... Dozen of ordinary Blacklead. METAL 2. REM OUIII POLISH.' GIVESTOALL KINDS OF METAtS A BEAUTIFUL SOFT BRILLIANTPOLISH. ;I Sold in Sd., Bd. & 1/. Bottles. No Nixing, No Scratches, Scarcely any.Rubblng. 3 CHANCELLOR'S .PLATE POWDER. There is no Rreparatfon of which we know toequal L. Its excellence. —ENQUIRE WITHIN..-34.4er box. MACKIe DOUBLE . 0 STARCH CONTAINS IN PROPER PROPORTIONS CLOSS,BORAX,GUM,WAX:c. REQUIRES no addition or preparation. SAVES Time, Labour. and Uncertainty. PRODUCES Be anti f ulWhite Glossy Linen. 'Tor Ask your Grocer to get them for you. C. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, E.O.

HINTS FOR HOUSHWIVRS, 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful do nestle Post free one stamp. F. F. FRY, 58, Belleville Road, Wandsworth Common, LONDON. S.W.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pain. In the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venders hroughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stBmf.s y the Makers, The LxwcoLy AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DHUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; Ban CLAY r.,4 SON. London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

... •• .. ~,' it .1. im A Ns, ,BoTTLEs lilt 2/924+7 ' • ' irrunates ?am f. . ~.1 11l g .. MBROCATION . „., .., • , 1 '' ) i .-14 1' 1 •P, ' ' r?-s, c :.- ELLLTAYISions,yeo . ~, 5 , . \ ,garr 11"..-. - 0 , ifiNaZzl.A.s) ~ ' - -, ' • 4) .I'' • ° - ( 1,01 . , - ..1\ ;1-4 1 \ rk _ 4i 0 - . . -'• /,. f ' KC\ 11/-7,%\ -.), , . 11 /4., - - . • ~ \' ' --N \ i',/ . .....'".., r ,'k ~ , , . 71_ 7 "" ." ' "71', \\ •,.. ... tz;,-.,14-,c-s,A /1 / , 171,,7,,,/ gmtitimightqff * ..----, ---' '\ .\\\ ' - kt
