===== 0002601_18950914_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
1040114 u ov '1.91,f‘

===== 0002601_18950914_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
W ARRIN GTON

°PENING .OF THE PARR HALL. ti WARM GTON. 6014 aYor and Corporation have pleasure in announ-ing on the cit occasion of the Presentation of the alloy Hall. on ,n ARLTON PARR, Esq , it,, Town of Warrington, TwnI:HURSDAY, the 26TH SEPT MBER, 1895, AND M 1J- ICAL PERI ORM ANCES, WILL BE GIVEN BY THE MEMBERS OF THE WARRING ON MUSICAL SOCIETY. OPENING CBI:1040NY and AFTERNOON PIic..FORMANCE at 215 MANDEL'S GRAND ORATOEIO : 'JUDAS MACCIBEUS."• ItynNING PERFORMANCE at 7 45. SIR Amami SULLIVAN'S CANTATA ON SHORE AND SEA." Uti Ar,re " MAGIC FLUTE" (Mozart); "SERENADE nihollinGßO," for Pia, o and Orchestra (Mcndelssohn) ; Ind to and CHOHUS from •' TANNHAUSER" (Wagner); ?et I N,,„(418* ,-ost?° —ng Arti:tes will take part in both formances oLkir,° Mies ANNA WILLINMS. CONTRALTO: Me BUTT. TENOR: Mr EDWARD LLOYD. Bas: Mr. ANDREW BLACK. Chortia and Orchestra of upwards of 230 Performers. Mr. FRANK H. CROSsLEY, Conductor. PRICES OF ADMISSION: NOON P4RFORMANCE (Morning Dress)—First (46." Beats 6s ; Second Ite,erved Seals and. Centre 45.; Side Gallery, 3e ; Back Gallery, 25.; B:ck Seats PEPFORMANCE (Evening Dress)—Fiset, ss• :'Seeoixd l'eseryed Seals anS Centre Gal;- Gallery,; S.; Back Seats (Ground Floor) and Ss. ; enolt BOTH PERFOIsof ^."-- ‘okets

l!loor;

Se.t•

11)11 /30"11 PERFORMANCES—Pint Reserve Tond Reservedsat nd Centre flallery, 65, be hitt %Yid Plan of Reserved Seat seen at Mr. Balcl-st., Wirrington, after 10 a.m., on the lith beptember. .1211K15 VAIRCL')UGII, Mayor. W J. LYON WiliTTLz., Town Clerk. " "arrington, August, 1895.

May

Eetars.67l,,,

TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

A. SCHOOL OF A T.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
PU

nr awing. '''d Adi

11 ,

.tied (.! U. Sick

i Rail,

'44RINI

Painting.

(iglintlkt

PS

DEBERT'S, 1" OEI7EOEI STREET, LIVERPOOL.

It. z, knN Llkt,tt-oi ....

1 ..........

uea--%1

........... - ............... M. J. B LEACIL Bordello\ . Mr. ALFRED E. C ..Z.fx• E YINLOW.Rookery

Modelling, Lif -classes, etc. Elemen- 4alletd Work in all deps, trnents. tratiswonietryBmeßOOL OF SCIENCE. 96.214 g. jktherantles..Building Con•!,rutlon._Msclune qt.",

Staim, Phrsies.—inorganlo vete, •ivctallurgy, Organic Chemistry, Physiology, Ircql and Steel, Tanning, Dressmaking. COMMERCIAL CLASSES. • 41 Sho t Icr tiara& Arithmetic, Book-keepl rn ag, 'Co- .,uponderkee, French, Spanish, (Jarman, Music. .1t CONTINUATION SCHOOL. hik'atery rid ClasBes it. English Composition, Arithmetic. lilementary Science. Needlework, 1.3.C1h,,t's classes re-tP en on Monday, September 16th. *•,•"'bus.e: on Tue sday, September 3rd. For fees, &c., eee It Of Ci 4388• CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary. Bold ate ' , CidiRRE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MAItIiBT-STREHT, BARIASTOWN.

STATIONZ at, NRWSAGRNT. PRINTING 4404" BOOKBINDING Done to Order. *A -Pans and PHRIODICALS Delivered to A v.„., Order. 46sortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

Aextv FEMALE REMEDY. One ease il-r,ed to remove the most OBSTINATE and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours. sta,..--• Nothing can re.ist it. F ilure Is impossible. A`,„41.8-rd en, lope for PARTICULARS. Th.,Tl- i`hOtrg ADVICH. °wale the most POWERFUL ..Ned 4RST Remedy Sold, and in no single cas- has it • --1247 a., en In the in).t, longstanding, intricate, and ee• Post free, under cover,, with written 3ZWeere se. (five ebilling).—MrB. W. E. kr.,. Trafford House, BZ. Dawes-road, Fulham, -e4tierl Paper

el7b NI, FOLD k-) P fi% G' T A C L E S or co ING EYE-GLAssitS I SPECTACLES 1, ,/t . paeaLre. to suit CI Sights, oli FOLDRRS, A PAIR. ;111e.t7tir ,73`44. AND UPWARDS. 1 3D. .4,....rn?1,2 13 e-arged else- l A PAIR.Ni "4° Spectacles or folders I will sell for 3d. k44144,4/INU grilig„-MII ,-. PEBBLE EPECTACLES (which. I 'INE Pebbles) tor Zs. ed. a Pair ; regular t0r1.44C.C,,,''' 53-e4. a Pair. "Ittlis'Qur &TES with my 31. BLUR or SMOKE- /Sem -AOLEB or POLDERS. 411 one price.

• tow,,Ls. BOWLS. BOWLS. t-OWLING•GREEN BOWLS. .. . 't NOTICE. tiltM 4,1°8 PPII DARLINGTON, W,T. be:. ,110,1 Turner, SLATER STREET. off BOLD- -414 4 : ,7 0,7,_-.43 inform the public) that he has nothing to do 11. • l-7: tvmse, his only address being SLATER- t da`rid avites inspection of his Bowls, made out of (itz,it,,,,Rndaln vit tm, strictly made to follow jk. '4ItAL WOOD & IVORY TURNER, , 14 -i ' k 16, SLATER STREET, ONLY. LIVERPOOL. rdeTABLISHED IE2O. 4,0,-,, „—.GIiNTs, RAILWAY ACCIDHSTB, 4.11 P LO ZLi R S' LIABILITY. , 0817 RED AGAINST BY THE A ' ILWAY PASSEINGERS' + eApz, ASSURANCE CO. on`,„„4-L tel,(00.000. ESTABLISHED 1849. ' ""tuPENSATION PAID £3,480,000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. t.,,liii A. VIAN, Secretary. inon .. AGENTS ........... :....... ........Mr. C. JIGOBLBI _ EE2, Market Gate 1 'val Station

tw-street

tl/41." ricie 9:7.1 - ut

•Ik 444TrIsiZ.1,z " kkt /4141431 v -Tlto tath„,,Z -,4- IC.N4R L4lt hie , az% _POLtp,k3 PHUT Ar L ES ur EYE-GLASSES I SPECTACLES 11. 4. A F0ir1...!. to suit CI Sights, OR FO,ThLDERS, PAIR. ,ger,l,lr md"..._AND UPWARDS. OD. the ..,„'oktre is e'arged else- I A Para. Speetaolee or Folders I will sell for 3d. PEBBLE SPECTACLES (which I +NE Pebbles) tor 22. ed. a Pair ; regulaz 53-td. a Pair. • .14 s .")ur RYES with my 3i BLUR or SMOKE PUCTAn FOLDI4II3. Llione price. • • ,

.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
J. W. TEMPERLEY MUSIC SEL ER, 31, LOWLAND'S LOAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS., VIOLINS, &C. Tatting and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE. OWEN'S GREAT SALE OF MANUFACTURER'S STOCK OF

BASSINETS AND LATEST NOVELTIES IN MAIL CARTS THIS AND FOLLOWING DATS. OWEN'S EMPORIUM, 80, DEANSGATE, AtIANVIIESTER

CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES. A SELECTION OF HIGH-CLASS MACHINES TO NB

SOLD REGARDLESS OF COST.

"Triumpts." " Raleighs," " Spirkbrooks," " Trents," " Plying Wheels," " New Rapids," dce., Joe. MUST BE CLEARED, NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. CALL .4.ND INSPECT FOR YOUIiSriLVES.

Purchasers should not fail to avail themselves of the excep

tional Bargains we are now offering.

ALL MACHINES GUARANTEED.

Cash or Hire Purchase. Price. from IT Is. THE JOHN GRIFFITHS CYCLE VOSPOIUTION.

LIMITED, 41, CABTLII-STRBET, LIVERPOOL.

r • - . • • ;', - • . • -

===== 0002601_18950914_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
A: antai—Vubiir Offirials.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Trintrarto.

-

===== 0002601_18950914_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Obipping pottage

===== 0002601_18950914_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL • b.. 'tip MAIL STRAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. (lotto* est Carried on Passenger Steamers. I"TIJETONIC Wed.. Sept. 18. I Bill rANNIC Wed.. Sept. 25. Second Cabin will be carried on the voyage marked thus', Steerage pnssage at low rates. inolnding Outfit free of charge to Nese York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed In the oompleteneoe a their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to IsmAy, 'stunt, and Co. 34, Leadenhal-DtZOOt, LOA L don, C., and 10. Watavat;-eaa. Liver Pool.

-

===== 0002601_18950914_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Winiimmgmommi

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ADELAIDE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY 1. STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 NBSDA.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY VALI A SOLID SILVRR RRYLESS WATCH WORTH 25/- IS GIVRN WAY FOR 12/6, Although 12/6 is only half the price I guar- antee that it is a solid silver ease, has a good jewelled movement and keeps Very good time The ordinary retailers' price for this watch is 25/-. _ _

Send postal orders for 12/10 with your ad dress and 1 will send by return, registertd, one of these real 'sliver keyless watches, for which you will be thankful. Mention this ver, - , and address- r riEBIART, Wholesale Jeweller, . Al 10, CHURCH-BT., Livnipoot,

===== 0002601_18950914_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gpbtpptttg Notkegc

===== 0002601_18950914_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
KEYLESS

Wil'Ulik.

12/6

Regular prioe 25/-

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF RIO to LIMO, to respectable persons, on the Borrowers' EINIPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties Also on Deeds Repayments. „ Delay. „ Life Polices Cid. in the 2 „ Law Costs. &c. weekly, monthly „ Publicity. At 5 per cent, or quarterly Capital can remain at interest This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS requested not to apply. Full particulars from

J. CAMPBELL, ESQ. Mancnester Chambers 46a, Market-81., Manchester.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irreg clarities. no matter how c weed or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or ProstratiOn what' ever. MADAME DOUGLAS. 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W.

A Foillye 'Cure Guaranteed: Hours sto 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYI3, or by appointment. Name this paper.

_.•IIL

===== 0002601_18950914_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Runty.

£96,900 To divide' ; reeahtol odn or I e aolise.bMolodrtpgria:lpeezticesen• intere.t 4 to 5 per cent.-7. BROWN, 50A., Lorct-strert, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAY AND DAVISON,

ORGAN BUILDERS. (ESTABLISHED 1750). LONDON, LIVERPOOL AND CHESTER. Builders of Organs in St. George's Chapel Royal Wind nor. Leeds Town Hall, Bolton Town Hall. Pot.' stnoutn Town Hail, Crystal Palace, and upwards of 11,000 repre- sentative organs in all parts of the world. LIVERPOOL BRANCH t 30, UPPER STANHOPE-STREET.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Mititatton.

MADAM M LISTER, Teacher of the Mandolin, Guitar, and Banjo.-91, BRIDGE-STREET, Manchester.

.ALTRINCHASI HIGH SCROOL.—Boarders re . - ceived. Fees moderate. Prospectus at request.

QCHOOL for GIRLS. 36, Monkgate, York. Principals Mistws Catnidge ; terms moderate ; pupils prepared for all local examiNations.

1%1 ODERN SCHOOL, ECCL S.—Re-opene Septem- IV ber 2nd. For terms apply at school. Boarders received.—A. A. B. GOODALL, M.A.

TAINTREE HOUSE, AUOLEM. CuitSHIRE.— Thorough educ aim for girls ; home comforts ; ate terme. Next b-rm b,gius September 17th.

BEECII IIOU:T, SCHOOL for (HELLS, HEATON CHAPEL. near IdANCHESTER —Governess-Student required at once. Vacancies for Boarders.—Miss Maa.t.oa.

THE MISSES RIMIER,WILSON 23, WILSON !FATTEN STREET, Warrington. Term will commence (D.V.) September 17th. Fees, Testimonials, Lists of Passes, Bm, on application.

HEATH RESORT.—To young son of parents of limited means received in good aThool on payment only for board.—Address Tuyon. "Examiner" Office. Warrington.

HOLLY BANK SCHOOL, Tetlow-lane. Cheat- barn Hill, Mancheeter.—A Sodud COMMERCIAL EDUCATION, will Comfortable Home for Boarders.—For prospectuses, apply to the Principal, Mr J. H. SIMPSON.

HEALTH RESORT —Univmsit, man of great experience in Education, about to remove to larger premises. will receive two or three additional boArders at, two thuds the usual fees. For prospectus, address "Doctor," Examiner Office, W .rriligton.

DREPARATORY SCHOOL, BATE!. —The removal ' of the elder pupils, who have distinguish d themselves at two public examinations this year, leaves vacancies at the Convent tor young gentlemen from 4 to twelve years of age. Particulars, Key. MOTHER, the Convent, Ban.

ALVERN LINK SCHOOL. Advantages for deli- . °ate and backward boys. Healthiest place in England. No Medical visit last len years. Admission any Line. pupils can remain during Summer Vacation on account of the pure air and water if desired.—Address Dr. AnsTrif.

MR. J. J. LYTHGOE, LICENTIATE L.C.M Aix.. Organist and Choirmaster St. Paul's Church. TEACHER of PIANOF.HtTE, ORGAN, and THEORY. Candidates prepared for Musical Exarrainations. Many Past Successes. 7, WINHAHLEIGH-STREEY, WARRINGTON.

APPOINTMENTS UNDER GOVERNMENT. Mal a (14-30); Females(ls-20) ; Preparation by correa- pondenceand oral classes. Most successful system. lieeent successes. First place May Excise and 19 passes; first place female clerkships and 4 passes, 35 boy clerkships Am and pros- pectui free. G. B. SKERRY, 67 Chancery-lane. London. C. S. Competitor id. weekly.

PRESCENT COLLEGE, YORK.—High - class kJ Modern School for Girls; education thorough. Feee very moderate Delicate girls especially cared for. Health and comfort studied in all the domestic arrangements. Pupils prepared for the Cambridge Loads, Trinity College, and College of Pre.'eptore, in the ordinary school outline. Principal— Miss C. A. MILLER.

THE KING'S SCHOOL, CHESTER. Founded 1541. TWELVE KING'S SCHOLARSHIPS providing exemp- tion from tuition fees. Four v luabie Exhibitions (£6O) to the niversities. Boarding fee from £36 to £44 per annum, according to age. Day fees £B, £l2. £l6 per annum. Full prospe tus from the hey. the HEAD MASTER. NEXT TERM BRUINS SEPIEMBER 19TE, 1895.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. HEADMASTER : Mr. .7. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.D.S. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. PREPARATION FOR PUBLIC EXAMINATIONS. FEES MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE. Prospectua, de., on applicaticn.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL The neat TERM will begin on 1 tIESDAY SEPTEMBER 17th. FEES :—snisnoa DIVISION £l2 pee annum, JUNIOR DIVISION £9 per annum. PREPARATORY FORM for boys from eight to twelve years of age. FEE : —£6 per annum. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER,

COWLEY SCHOOLS, ST. HELENS. New Buildings, £15.000. Endowment, £BOO per annum. Scholarships, £l5O per annum. HEADMATBR : E. J. SIMPSON, M.A., form-rly Foundation Scholar and Prizeman. Trinity College, Carnbridge, HEADMISTRESS MISS FYFE, B.A. Examination, Newnham College, Cambridge. INext TERM begins TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10TH, 1895. Fees £6 to £8 per tvinum. Since the year 1884 about Two Thousand Certificates have been gained by pupils in the Sonth Kensington Science and Art Examinations many of these being in the Honours and nearly Five hundred in the Advanced Stages. Very high places have been taken in the Pass and Honours lists of the London University Examinations by several pupils direct from the Schools at which special classes are held, (free) for pupils preparing for these examinations. Cambridge Locals Twenty-six Certificates. College of Preceptors J Dec 1894. Fifty Certificates, SECRETARY: T. 13URWIS, Esq., Solicitor.

KIRKLAND BROS.

BAKERS TO THE QUEEN,

HAVE REMOVED FROM THE TOP TO THE BOTTOM OF BOLD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

KIRTLANDBRO S., Purveyors to the Queen by Royal Appointment, Have decided to use the FAMOUS GOLDEN TIP TEA. THIS TEA HAS BERN SOLD AS HIGH AS £lO PER LB, And notwithstanding that the cost will be very great Messrs. Robert Roberts and Co., Tea Mer- -1 chants, Bold-street, Liverpool, have been instructed to procure the Finest Teas in the market regardless ef expense.

_

1=•. .-_

===== 0002601_18950914_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950914_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950914_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

-- "Docroas' COMMONS "—Graveyards. VERY STRIKING—An alarm-cloa. SEA-SICKNESS is a famous cure for pomposity. Is the new woman does not talk at whist, shoe will be a new woman. THE average specimen of tin new woman is an old one. WitEs a man is resigned to fate, fate usually accepts the resignation. Tits tide taken M the flood only bears a man on to fortune when he is smart enough to walk ashore before it can take him back. .

_ YE-ST : " What's that man trying to do, doubled in two on that bicycle?" Crimaonbeak : "I guess he's trying to put his shoulder to the wheel.'"

"WHAT is Cholly doing for a living now!" "Writing." "I didn't know he was literary." "He isn't. He writes home for remittances."

- THE horse is supposed to be man's best friend, unless he happens to bet on him in a race. BUCIITON : "Afterthoughts are best." Pat: "Yis, sorr. Sure, an' a wise man is wan that always has his afterthoughts first of all." 111i43. Younghusband : " Why don't you go for a week's holiday, George? Your employer can do wiihoitt you." George: "I know it; but I don't want him to find it out."

...... SHE (fondly) : "Do you care for me as much as —'' Hs (wildly): " Who—who?" She (whis- pering): "As much as ever?"

DREADFUL THOUGTIT.—CIara : "He has pro- posed three or four times, and I don't know wheth-r to accept him or not." Maude: "I would. Suppose he should stop?" OFTEN GRIEVED —Mrs. Norris: "I must say I don't bke to see a woman make a fool of herself." Mr. Norris: "What an unpleasant place this world must be for you, my dear I" PEDESTRIAN : "You should be in a better business than begging. A great strong fellow like you ouglv, to look for work." Beggar: " What! throw up a sure thing for an uncertainty?" YOUNG HUSBAND: "Are my eggs done yet, darling?' His Bride (in tears): "Oh, Jack, I have boiled them for an hour and a half, and they are not soft yet." "MUST I," lie whispered, "ask your mamma first ? " She shook her head. " No, ' she an- swered, "you did right to ask me first. lam entitled to that handicap on account of ma being a widow.' FATUER (impressively): "Suppose I should be taken away sudden;y, what would become of you, my boy?' Irreverent Son: "I'd stay here. The question is, what would become of you ? " "I was in a railway collision this morning." said Wilkins. "Had a close shave." "Really. Why, how your beard must grow! You don't look as if you'd had a shave for three days." "SUPPOSE, Bobbie that another boy should strike your right cheek," asked the Sunday-school teacher, "what would you do?" "Give him the other cheek to strike," said Bobbie. "That's right," said the teacher. " Yesum' " said Bobbie, "and if he struck that I'd paralyze him !" EASILY SATISFIED.—" Your LOOM is preferable to your company," observed the landlord, severely. "Yes," lightly rejoined his guest, who hadn't paid his board for two week's; • but I didn't expect to find either very good, you know, and I don't mind a bit." _

HAD A SMART HUSBAND. —Daughter: "Did you

find out what it was that papa"cut out of the japer?" Mother: "Yes, I bought another copy. I've read it all through, but I can't see anything wrong about it. It's an article on the healthfulness of housework."

\-V—A-N—Tl7;D IN CITINA. —The man who can invent

a gun to kill at one hundred miles will find a ready sale for his weapon in China at his own price. AN EMERGENCY.-IrB. Brand-New: "I would like to get a first-class book on etiquette." Mr. Brand-New: "Any particular point you want to clear up?" Mrs. Brand-New: " Yes ; how to treat ones infeciors. You know, dear, it is only -xecently that we have had inferiors." " Tux train was full of fierce robbers. Strong men sat in the seats of the cars and held their hands as high as possible. Women trembled and wept, with the exception of the spectacled young woman froin Wayside Station. A robber approached her. " Don't you dare to touch me," 3he shouted, "or I'll scream as loud as I can " THOISTO.HT HE MEANT IT. —An absent-minded preacher remarked in a eulogy from his ulpit lately that "Death loves a mining shark." Thereupon four stockbrokers and a man with a brother in Colorado got up and left the sacred building. SCHOOLMASTER : "Why was it that his great discovery was not properly appreciated until long after Columbus was dead ? " Nineteenth Century Schoolboy: "Because he didn't advertise, sir."

THE BRIGHT SIDE. —MaffHTla : "George ex- pelled from college! How can we bear the dis- grace?" Papa: "It is disgraceful; but perhaps I won't have to go into bankruptcy, after all."

WOMAN'S WAY.—" Can you read my thoughts ? " They were near the cold, grey ocean, with its eternal pulsations. His ardent gaze rested on her lovely face. "No,' she answered, quietly; "I do not care for light reading." A HOUSE-PAINTRIt once applied for an engage- ment at the Haymarket Theatre. "I enclose you a newspaper cutting," he said, "to show you that I have aptitude for the stage." The cutting was as follows: "The prisoner, who denied the assault, -conducted his own case, and defended himself in a somewhat dramatic manner." PROOF • POSITIVE. —A gentleman employed a carpente: to partition off a part of his study and particularly instructed the workman to make the partition sound proof. The carpenter declared that he could do this effectually with a filling of sawdust. When it was finished, the gentleman stood on one side and called to the carpenter on the other. "Can you hear me, Smith ? " "No, sir; not a bit," was the prompt reply. SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHER "Who loves every- body, Johnnie ?" Johnnie :1" My pa does, cos he's trying to get into the Town Council." A PERSONAL QUESTION.—AB old man who believed that "what was to be would be," lived in the West, and was one day going out several miles through a region infested by very savage Indians. He always took his gun with him, but this time found that one of the tamily had it out. As he would not go out without it, some of his friends tantlised him by saying there was no danger of the Indians: that he would not die until his time came, anyhow." "Yes," said the- old fellow: "but suppose? was to meet an Indian, and his time had come; I wouldn't do, nohow, not to have my gun." MISS LAURA: "Oh, auntie! You remember Mr. Meeker, who went from here as a missionary? I have just heard that those awful cannibals ate him." Aunt Sophronia "La, me! Ido hope they cooked him with turnips. The poor dear man was so fond of turnips, you know." DURING a lecture on architecture, the tempera- ture of the room was very hot. Just as the heat was almost unbearable, the lecturer continued "And now we will turn to Greece." "You're right," said one of the audience, who was freely perspiring, "we will turn to grease if we don't have some of these windows opened." A WORTHY man who was very sensitive and retiring, having lost his wife, privately requested that he might be remembered in the minister's morning prayer from the pulpit, but asked that his name might not be mentioned. On Sunday morning the good minister prayed most eloquently for "our aged brother upon whom the heavy hand of sore affliction has so lately fallen." At this point an elderly man, whom the minister had married to a very young wife during the week, rose with a bounce, and stamped down the aisle, muttering loud enough to be heard half over the chapel —"it: may be an affliction, but I'm bleat if I want to be prayed for in that fashion! THE phrase "quicker than lightning' has cool. monly been understood hyperbolically, but there was a boy who took it in a literal sense.—Anxious Mother : "What in the world did you do during •the terrible thunderstorm? Little Dick :"I got hinder a tree." fother : "Horrors ! Don't you know that .;iit.le of a tree is the moat chingeroas of all pia la a thunderstorm?" Little Dick " °limes ; iut. I jumped out every time lb thundered."

===== 0002601_18950914_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
ALI.COCK'S CORN EXTRACTOR.

A Corn Plaster Combined (Patented), a wonderful improe e ment. This Plaster is the well-known Alleoek's Corn Plaster with a little dite added that in a Sew days extracts the Corn and relief is felt as soon as applied ; for all pressure of tis boot is removed. It n't be put off with any other rt medv s none other will give the immediate comfort. Paleo 7fd eand per box of all Chemists. Sold by : I.R. Torso,

...

Ch emit, Warrington.

"CAPITAL" CHAT.

Americans believe in London as an alternative to Paris more and more every year. In acknowledg- ment of their presence, one Regent-street shop boldly exhibits "The Fashions of the Fall," and in another window, everything is marked in dollars instead of in pounds, and Mr. Peter Robinson calls his establishment a "dry goods store."

There are no fewer than fifty-four men in the present House of Commons who have written books. That is as near as possible one in twelve. Roughly speaking, social and political takes twenty; travel, six; history, eight; philosophy and essays, nine; education, tour; law, four; the army and navy, three; colonies, three; trade, three; fiction, six; literature, one; medicine, one; and poetry, two.

The rumour concerning the engagement of Prin- cess Maud of Wales to Prince Christian of Denmark is exciting much interest in his country. The Copenhagen papers state that the engagement will be publicly announced about the middle of Octo- ber, for up to now the announcement has not been authenticated. The Danes believe that the Queen of Denmatk's prejudice against the marriage of first-ccusins would be a barrier to the match. It is thought that the Princess and her cousin have long entertained a deep affection for each other.

In the short session of Parliament which has just closed Mr. Chamberlain has used his few opportu- nities well, and spoken with strength and definite- ness when he has had to speak at all. But it has been noticeable that from the first his appearances in the House and his rising in debate have never , been welcomed by the cheers freely given to Mr. Balfour and others. Mr. Balfour has treated him with the most charming courtesy and consideration at all times, and has, so far as can be judged, abso- lutely ignored the sometimes visible annoyance on the Treasury bench at Mr. Chamberlain's perform- ances. Mr. Chamberlain, on the other hand,has on all occasions ostentatiously asserted what he con- ceives to be his right to be a joint leader with Mr. Balfour. And he is so pertinacious that he is not unlikely to succeed. If Mr. Balfour is not in the , House when Mr. Chamberlain arrives, the latter pushes on till he is half sitting on the exec', spot ' of the bench usually taken by the First Lord on the side furthest from the Speaker. This seat be- yond the leader of the House has invariably been cccupied by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has in this short session been obliged usually to content himself with a seat next Mr.Goschen and on the left of Mr. Balfour. On two or three occasions when he came in early enough, or just after a divi-ion, Sir Michael has asserted his right,but has shortly after found himself supplanted by Mr. Chamberlain.

These transparent little tactics have been freely commented upon by both sides of the louse in the lobbies and tearooms. Some members are confident that Mr. Balfour, with his tact and natural ascend- ancy, will end by putting Mr. Chamberlain in his place, and will convince him that the Unionist Party is to be guided by Tory and not by Birming- ham policy. Others back Mr. Chamberlain's un- sparing determination to have his own way, anil hold that the open and avowed nature of Mr. Chamberlain's scheme for asserting the dual con- trol, so far from being a sign of weakness, is only an outward manifestation of his method. They contend that Mr. Chamberlain has always studied the policy, not of winning by being liked, but of winning by being feared, and that Tories, being mainly phlegmatic and indisposed to pertinacious resistance, will end by knocking under to this strategy. Time will show.

The RPv.W.C.Willoughbv.who is acting as guide, philosopher, ond friend to %barna, was formerly a Congregational minister at Brighton. He offered his services to the Lendon Missionary Society, which accepted them, and tv. has since laboured in Africa. Mr. Willoughby has excellent qualities for ,be management, of so delicate and important a mission as has now brought him to this country.

Colonel Stitt, the governor of General Booth's farm colony at Hadleigh, has just returned from a visit to Canada. He was one of the members of the .mall body of Salvationists, headed by Mr. Herbert Booth, who have been carrying out investigations ,n the north-west provinces in refprence to a pro- bable site for the Salvationist over-sea colony. The reoommendstions resulting from the inquiry are understood to he favourable, and a deciAnn in the matter may be looked for shortly.

One of the subjects that figured prominently in Mr. Chamberlain's speeches during the general elec- tion seems to hare had of late but little attention devoted to it. If what I hear is correct there need Ile no surprise nt this. When Mr. Chamberlain .xporinded hi .= policy at Birmingham and dwelt upon the particular point,a person in the body of the hall wanted to know whether the figures as to the repaytnent of purchase money which Mr. Chamber- lain was expounding left the working men ultim- ately as the freeholders or only the leaseholders of their dwellings. The question was certainly not cleared no quite satisfactorily at the time. and I ,indprstand that, whatever may be the noosibilities of devising a practical scheme, the figures Mr. Chamberlain gave were a good deal too rosy.

The Snnth African mining mania is 'responsible for the extraordinary number of new companies which were registered in August, and the still more extranruinary nme—,nt of capital they repre- sent. One requires to be behind the scenes to understand the full IMP aina of the fig,ures repre- .ntpd. Where it comn from everybody can guess, hu, there is enough of the marvellous upon the surface to make the public pause in amazement. In July of this year, for exnenpte,the registered capital nf the new companies brought out was 201 millions but in the month of August just ended the aggre- gate capital registered was 1251 millions. There is such month's record in the history of the de- partment.

The" British Medical Journal "contains an inter- estinct account of Miss Hamilton, the lady doctor who acts as personal physician to the Amedr, and is in attendance on the Shalizada, with strict injunctions to accompany him everywhere. Miss Hamilton started on her medical career as a trained nurse in the infirmary of the Liverpool workhouse. Afterwards proceeding to the London Medical School for Women. In 1890 she qualified in Glas- gow, Edinburgh. and Brussels, going thence to Cal- cutta, where she established herself in private practice with great success.

It was owing to illness that she first went up to the hills, and so on to Cahul. In the August of 1894 the Ameer first sent for Miss Hamilton, who nursed him through an attack of gout so serious that she hardly ever left his room, and did not have more than two hours' sleep at a time. She has, she says, at all times met with great consideration at the hands of the &raper. the only discomforts she has suffered arising from the marked differences between F,Rstern and Western modes of living. Nor is Miss Hamilton without honour in her own country, for she has had an audience of the Queen and a kind letter from the Secretary for India ex- pressing the desire that everything should be done , for her comfort.

The :women of America are much more enterprising and pushing than their English sisters. We do not possess a female engineer on this side of the Atlantic, so far as we know, but the ladies of America are crowding into even this masculine Profession, it appears. An American lady who trades" under the name a Mrs. Henry D. Cram, and who dwells in the classic city of Boston, is an engineer, and, furthermore, seems to be gifted with all the go-ahead qualities of her race. She has just concluded a contract to supply all the steam and hand derricks required in the erection of the buildings for the Paris! Exposition in 1900.

Who rules in Russia ? According to the Russian Press. Czar Nicholas IL But Ellgfill'S neighbours have their doubts. The correspondents of German and Austrian papers declare that the Czar no longer receives ministers of State. and sees none but mem- bers of his own family. He remains in the seclu- sion of Peterhoff Palace and passes his time read- ing, mostly English and German books. Both the Czar and his young spouse are suff-ring from nervousness, brought on, it is said, by the continu- ous appearance of threatening letters and pam- phlets smuggled into their rooms. How much is t^ue in all this nobody knows, but it is certain that the Czar lives very secludedly.

To MOTITERS.—Mrs. Wilow's Soothing Syrup hns be Used over fifty years by millions of mothers for theirchildren wh,le teething with perfect 1111CCess. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; it produces natural quiet sleep. by relieving the child from pain, and the ttle cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all hemistedle. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1895.

A solitaire ring worn by Mrs. Vanderbilt cost eine thousand pounds. Electric light was first successfully used in photo- .

graphy by V‘in der Weyde, in 1876. In 1876 the J.blochoff electric candle was invented and shown to the French Academy. One history of costumes give 1847 different styles of head-dresses for women. Since 1719 there have been, according to Hirsch, 546 epidemics of dysentery. Calico was first introduced from Calicut, in India, as stuff for gentlemen's clothes. Straw hats are believed to have been first invented in _ .

Rush-matting should be washed with clean soft watt r and salt, in order to prevent it from turning yellow. To keep apples through the winter in a barrel, bore holes in the bottom arid sides of the barrel and store ot.l a dry platform a foot or more high. The Queen of Madagascar, although she is thirty-four years ot age, has an eighteen-inch waist. A French paper says so. A little ammonia in tepid water will soften and cleans the skin. Spirits of ammonia will often relieve a severs headache. A law was passed in England in 1750 to the effect that at parties "ladies must not get d talk on any pretext whatever, and gentlemen not beim e nine o'clock." Cold biscuits may be successfully warmed by dipping each one in hot water and setting it on the grate in abet oven for a few minutes. Dust the grate first.

The height of waves in the sea has often been eitaggi r- ated, owing to the difficulty of measuring them : but the highest authentic observation is about forty feet. An unusually solemn double wedding took place in a handsome Brooklyn home last week. The wedding wa, a result of the desire of Mr. Gaybert Barnes to see ids daughters, Bessie and Rachael,married before his deal h, which was belle.-ed to be imminent. The brides were given away and blessed by their dying father. A doctor is said to have discovered the curious fact that the skull of a man who has died from delirium tremens contains alcoholic vapour. A small pening in the skull ' soon after death ' permits the alcohol, he tells us, to escape, when it can be ignited, and burns with a bluish flame.

The " Realm "tells a story about the late Lady Rose- bery. Having tripped up over a carpet in the drawing- room one day, she rang the bell and told the butler to nail it doe n. He replied that he would tell the footma,i at once. The footman came, looked at the carpet, and said he would send the upper-housemaid. After a long interval that domestic arrived, and said she would send under-housemaid, who, in her turn, said she would send the Buttons. In the end, Lady Rosebery nailed down the carpet herself. The" fluman,tarian " gives some particulars ab)ut the work done by the fem de convicts in Woking Prl.,on, which is the only female convict establishment in Eng- land. The inmates at one time usf dtodo a good deal of mosaic work for flooring,and the floor of the cry pt at St. Paul's, the Duke of Corms uebt's summer house. and some of the floors at Sandringham are the product of prison labour. There is a laundry employing about eighteen hands, but the largest industry at Woking Is twine-making, which employs twenty women. The twine is used at the Post Office.

The Voice. Many vocal authorities maintain that the voice is greatly affected by diet, and Dr. Pegg, who was once an associate of Liszt, expresses a strong confirmation of this view. Where fish is the chiet article of food, fine vocalists are scarce, and the voice in ordinary speech lacks delicacy of timbre and dignity. Dr. Pegg main- tains that the most desirable food for singers is of a grarninivorcus kind, with occasional indulgence in a moderate quantity of meat. He discountenances the idea that malt liquors give strength to the voice, al- though they may stimulate it for a short time. Singer.; who wou'd keep their tones fresh, rich, and long, should be chary of alcohol in any form. Smoking is not look ,d upon as injurious to the voice, though if the habit is not kept well in subjection it may affect the strength of the vocal organs.

Dental Degeneration. All over the civilised world the degeneration of the teeth of the children of to-day has become alarming. Canada is about to introduce regular dental inspection of the teeth of the children in her public schools, with a view of remedying the results of neglect on the part of the parents. A mQvement is on foot to make similar inspection compulsory in the public schools of this country. The teeth of the poor are almost universally bad, and in most cases, practically the only attention the teeth ever get is when they are pulled out. Bad and insufficient diet lowers the vital forces, dental caries set in, and with it a tendency to eschew proper foods and seek for softer and more highly-seasoned nutriment This makes the matter worse, for working people should sat food that requires considerable mastication—so- called strong food, like black bread and beans, upon which German peasants thrive so well. Dr. Newton has I found that nlor people will not go to a dentist, even I when urged to do BO by their medicel adviser, because of the expense. tie believes that in a few years such facilities will be pr wided that the poor will be able to have their teeth lo )ked to gratuitously.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAREST NELLIE,

Of course y3u will be taking part, or at any rate going to some bazaars this season. The season seems to have set in already with some severity, and sundry charities have caught fashion on the wing, and managed to enlist and interest some very great people. in deserving charities. A dress that showed up well and looked cool and pretty at the opening of a London hospital had both skirt and bodice of tine cream serge, and the bodice was but- toned into place over a tight•fitting lining with neat silver buttons placed round the armholes. The sleeves, collar, and central box pleat were all of shot green silk with large silver buttons down the pl at; and the hat was of green crinkled straw with a green silk crown. The brim was ewered with white accordeon pleated lisse, and there were white ostrich feathers and white ribbon loops.

As regards blouses, surah is a material which makes very stylish-looking garments. Crepon, however, still holds its own, and here is a neat blouse made of lemon colour and white striped crepon, plain or figured cambric. Zephyr, sateen or drill would be equally suitable. It is fastened with small buttons in the centre of front through a single box-pleat, the fullness each side being gathered at the neck and waist. The back is stitched between the lower edge of a small pointed yoke of double material, the slight fulness below being drawn to the figure by means of a tape run through a casing, stitched across the back of waist, which is completed with a full band of material. A high collar turned back with a point each side finishes the neck. The full gigot sleeves are gathered into the armhole.

Returning to what I said just now about urah as a material for blouses, I may tell you of a sweetly-pretty one I saw in this material at a society function this week. The colour was black, with collar and cuffs of finely tucked white lawn, Valenciennes lace insertion and frills. The hat was of black net, the edge and crown of fancy straw. It is trimmed with roses and pleated Idack net, and has an aigrette of cream lace.

As for millinery, extreme width still remains the listinctive feature of the smartest hats, the width in some instances being so exaggerated as to cause the wearer to look ridiculous. These remarks, how- ever, do not apply, I am pleased to say, with reference to bonnets ; many are as a matter of fact somewhat pronounced in width, but generally speaking exaggerated forms of trimming are in the minority. Bonnets emanating from the best houses are built with due regard to the indi- vidualism of the wearer, extravagant styles are modified, and the colour or colours chosen are those that will show the complexion to the greatest ad- vantage. An elegant bonnet of medium proportions worn last week by one of fashion's leaders in society is composed of corn-coloured straw with trimmings of butter-coloured lappet lace, cornflowers, and white double narcissus ; the strings in this instance were of green, matching exactly the twist of tulle and the blade grass. One could not do other than admire this bonnet, for it was void of extreme style, and yet looked so distinguished, that I really think in its simplicity partly lies its attractiveness. Then there is a very fashionable hat of fine Leg- horn straw. Its crown is hidden by white satin bows, from which spring two upright plumes in the centre and two drooping over the brim on either side.

Jackets? Yes, I think I did promise to tell you something about then, this week. I shall content myself, though, with describing to you one of the most stylish models. It was made of dust colour covert coating, trimmed with a darker shade of braid. It is tight-fitting to just below the waist, where the box-pleated basque is secured. Each side of the front is trimmed with a row of braid to meet in the centre, where it fastens invisibly with hooks to the waist, which is trimmed round with a row of braid. The circular collarette is edged entirely round with braid, and secured to the neck under a high collarband edged with the same. The aleeves are out with a seam at the back from wrist to the elbow, where the fullness is gathered and secured, the wrist being trimmed with braid to form a pointed cuff, the upper part is trimmed to correspond, and the fulness at top pleated into the armhole.

Your loving JENN IL

DON'T BE DECEIVED.—Don't think the hair can be pre- served without proper nourishment; all hair specialists positively as•tert that pure t.resse is absolutely necessary or the preservation of the hair and ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL is without doubt, th best. It nourishes the hair, pre- vents it fall ing off or turning grey, eradi ates scurf, and arrests baldness. Also in a golden colour for fair hair. Bottles 3s. 64., 75., 103 64. ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL—Preserves the hair. RoWLAND'S M•CASSAIS OIL —Prevents baldness. HOWLAND'S MACASSAR OM.— Prrvents scurf ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OlL.—Beautifies the hair. Ask anywhere for ROWLAND'S MACASSAR Om. of 20, Datton Garden and avoid cheap, worthless imitations.

, . \ . , C 1,.. ,.. •"....?.. P.!•?, gl/4, ''>.'%7',/•a4 •".' 1'‘'..4.1. A:C• tt..,• . ..W...ll4>,i,kiiiirlit • V% ~'• ) . , i i t )11111": , n , V \ , , . . • • \ \ •

------' 44''''''.'''''''''11:7,7,„',,„..-, -7117: ' ~, ~A .', (th 47A'e- )4? ..f.; ..,,, , •c:_-, ,-.i.--: ',,— ',I if /, // i, /,//rt ,il., i/ el/ / / Cl' * ik/ , , , , ..., / ~ / id,,,; ktit.....iiiipt - --04c'''' trt 1. ' g , it

, ".4ft • I

===== 0002601_18950914_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCHOOLMISTRESS AT

HOME.

Mrs. F. W. Diaper, of Sussex House, Bitterne, South- hampton, told a " Hampshire Independent" reporter something of the trials of schaol life, and how to over- come them. _ . .

" You know," she said, " that a school teacher i., easily ' run down.' At one time I was taking duty aJ Bitterne parish schools, and I suffered from palpitation of the heart, shortness of breath, and bloodlessness. My appetite was gone ; I could eat nothing ; I had a diffi- culty to breathe. Speaking hurt me; my colour was all gone, and I was low-spirited. But now "said this inter- esting and cultured lady "I am quite well. I have a friend who used Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale people, and I procured two boxes of these Pills in Southampton. Before I had tried half the first box I began to feel very much better. My appetite returned, and I feel perfectly well—as well as I ever was in my life, an d fully able to do all my work at the school. IF I should happen to 'run down' again I should certainly at once take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, as I know they would set me right." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cures rheumatism, neuraleia, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous hFatiache, and prostration; diseases of the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas; and restore pale and sallow complex- ions to the glow of health. They are a specific for al the troubles peculiar to the female sex, and in men curet all cases arising from worry, overwork, or excessee. Sold by all chemists, and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Com- pany, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six far 13s. 91. Genuine only with full name, Dr. Wil- liams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHAHZADA'S IMPRESSIONS OF

ENGLAND.

e nS si ra tAncrgudaiyn evening ft vhnemA gohnadnn na g. e nltn, tahr er i cv oe ud risne Po ie. rai ns interview with a representative of Reuter's Agency, Sir Acquin described some of the impressions of England which Nasrulla Khan has received. Both the Amcor and the Shataada, he said, have expressed their great grati- fication at the visit to Great Britain, and both have been touched by the cordiality and hospitality displayed by the people everywhere. The Shahzada has been pro- foundly impressed with the greatness of England,especi- ally as shown by her manufactures and commerce, and the abundant signs of her peaceful prosperity. His Highness has often remarked that Englishmen seem to be absorbed in their personal affairs and to take com- paratively little interest in military matters. The aver- age man, he has noticed with surprise, knows nothing about handling a sword, and, apparently, does not even possess one. With regard to the military displays he has seen, the Shahzada felt that, although they were impos- ing REI a spectacle, they afforded in themselves clear evi- dence of peaceful tendencies. He remarked in this con- nection, "If the strength of England were maintained by fighting prowess alone the aspect of the troops would have been less decorative, but,no doubt, equally imposing to a prince of a military nation like mv own." The Shah- zada has on many occasions said in Sir Acquin Martin how greatly touched he was with his reception by the Great Qqeen," for whom he had the deepest venera- tion. ' The kindness shown to him by all the members of the Royal Family and the responsible officers of the Crown has profoundly impressed him. Questioned as to the probable political results of the visit, and con- cerning the Government's reply to the Ameer's request to be officially represented in London, Sir Acquin re- plied :—" There can be no doubt whatever that the Shahzada's visit will be productive of infi- nite goad and be far-reaching in its effects. Regarding the Ameer's request, I cannot say more than that I do not doubt that when the moment is opportune the British Government will find a way to meet Abdur Rahman Khan's wishes." In conclusion, Sir Acquin said i---" I wish to say that nine-tenths of the stories which have been published about the Shahzada, his do- ings, his relations with the Government, and also about his stay at Dorchester House, are not only untrue but absurd. His Hi4huess did not come to England for pleasure alone. He was entrusted by his father with an impertant mission,and when that was completed he lett. During big stay on the ContioeLt—in fact, from the ms- ment he left England until he again gees on board the Clive—he has ceased to be the guest of the Govern- ment."

.;dct

===== 0002601_18950914_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
GLENALP INES OATH;

OR, THE MARK OF THE BLACK CROSS. - - Br SYLVANUB COBB, JB.

CHAPTER XII.

A REVELATION-A SURPRISE IN THE JUNGLE.

"Peter, what man is that standing over against yonder wall?" Lord Birchmear asked the question of Peter Brim. They had just come out upon the veranda, and were ready to set forth towards Jungeepoor— for his lordship had determined to take Peter with him. He had come to trust the old keeper above all the other servants who had come out from Eng- land with him; he was one of the very few links of domestic arrangement that connected the present with the past. Peter looked in the direction pointed out, and when his eye had rested upon the individual who had attracted his master's attention he started like one awe-stricken. He beheld the same heavily bearded face, the same tall, gaunt form, clad in its semi-barbarous hunting-garb, and the same deep. sunken, preternaturally gleaming eyes that had appeared more than once at the Lodge at Birch. mear.

.......... " Why ?" ejaculated the old servitor, "he must have flown through the air. He did not come with us; and yet I saw him in England the day before we left."

"There is no marvel in that, Peter. Another ship has come in since our arrival. But who is he ? ' "That, my lord, is the man called Glenalpine, who some men say, is in league with spirits of another world.'

"Art sure, Peter ?" demanded Birchmear, eagerly. "Is it he who was once known as Sir Philip ?" "The same, my lord." "Peter, go tell that man that I would speak with him. Address him kindly, and assure him that I mean him well."

Peter started down from the veranda, but ere he had reached the street the strange man had disappeared. He went over by the wall and looked in every direction, but the waif was nowhere to be seen.

" Strange ! strange I" murmured Sir John, when his servant had reported the result. "That man has haunted Birchmear. My lady has seen him several times."

"Did you ever know him, my lord?" "I think .I knew him in London many years ago. He was then very young, and had just come into possession of his fine estate in Ireland. He was a rollicking, free-hearted fellow, inclined to spend money faster than his banker could furnish it. Afterwards I heard that a great calamity had be- fallen him; but I have no knowledge of his life since those early days. If you should see him, Peter, and can speak with him, tell him that Sir John Berwick would like to see him; and be sure that you make him unuerstand that I will be his friend."

Peter promised; and after this the two mounted their horses and rode away. Other servants, with pack-horses, had gone on in advance. Below one of the water-batteries of Fort William they took a gondola and crossed the river, and at a garden. house, or café, near the grounds of the Bishop's Collegelthey stopped. This was a fashionable resort —a sort of free OMb-house—where gentlemen found various and well-appointed arrangements tor en- tertainment and amusement. Sir John left Peter In care of the horses while he entered the building. He was gone some time, and when he came forth his face wore a troubled and bewildered ex- pression. He held a bank-note in his hand, which he had apparently crumpled up awl smoothed out again; and he gazed upon it as though there was something about it that troubled him. At length he drew forth his pocket-book, and laid the note into one of the folds, after which he resumed his seat in the saddle.

"Which way now, my lord ?" asked Peter, as Sir John hesitated.

The baron started out from a deep reverie, and presently replied: "Straight on, Peter. We shall find our train at Berampoor." They rode for some distance at a brisk trot, but when the settlement had been left behind, and they had entered the country, Sir John drew in his rein. The road at this point skirted a deep jungle, and in advance was a long, gentle acclivity, up which the horses were allowed to walk at a slow pace. Not a word had yet been spoken since leaving the town. Peter would have asked many questions concerning the various objects they had passed, but he had noticed that his master was absorbed in his own reflections, and he cared not to disturb him. At length, however, the baron spoke, and as he did so he made a movement as though he would shake off a burden that oppressed him. "Peter, I think you are a faithful old servant." The keeper looked up with surprise. At first there was a shade of reproof upon his honest face; but gradually he seemed to comprehend that the remark had been an assertion, rather than a query, and he was relieved.

_ " I think you have known me long enough to prove me, my lord." "You can keep a secret, Peter ?" 'I can keep it with my life, if there is need." "I am in trouble, Peter, and I may want assist- ance,—and I most have the assistance of some one who is att“ched to me. I think you are that man." "You KNOW it, Sir John I" All the oaths that ever were sworn could not have carried such weight of proof as did that simple expression. Lord Birchmear returned his servitor a grateful look as he responded : "If I had not thought so, Peter, I should not have selected you, of all the others, for your present office. I shall trust you ; and you will remember that 'family secrets are sacred. You will rqi- a seal upon your lips." " You need not fear, my lord." "Peter," pursued his lordship, after a brief pause, "I told you I was in trouble. Did you know that Arthur, before he left Birchmear the last time, robbed me—that he took from my cabinet a large sum of money ?" "My lord !" exclaimed the old servitor, in blank surprise. "Arthur—robbed you ?" 114 You never heard of it?"

"No, air. You never spoke of it in my hearing before."

"No ; I have spoken of it to no one. I did not wish it known."

"And you believe, my lord, that Arthur did that thing ?" There was a flash of indignation in the old man's grey eyes, and his look was earnest. "I could not help believing it, Peter. The thing was plain. And yet, God only knows what a ter- rible burden upon my belief it was." Peter Brun trembled from head to foot. "My lord, will you tell me what proof you had ?" "The money was missed immediately after Arthur went away, and at several places where he stopped on the road I found bank-notes which he had paid out, and which I recognised as having been taken from my cabinet. I had the number of every note." "And you have never fallen tipon any circum- stance which could point to somebody else as having taken that money ?" questioned Peter, with an anxiety which he could not conceal. Sir John was for a time silent. At length he said with a reluctance which would seem to imply that it cost him an effort thus to confide such matters to a servant, "Something has transpired here in Calcutta, Peter, which puzzles me' though it does not necessarily imply a new direction of evidence. Yesterday I received from Colonel Tabor a fifty- pound note, and upon examining it I discovered it to be one of those which I had lost. You know how the notes of the Bank of England are num- bered ?"

Peter said he knew, and the baron pro- ceeded : "The note was quite new, and not to be mis- taken. I asked the colonel where he had taken it, and he informed me, at the Bishop's College Club- House. I stopped there, as you know, and showed the note to the keeper. From the peculiar character of the place, and the various ranks and positions of those who visit him, he has found it convenient to keep a private memorandum of the numbers of the larger bank-notes, together with the names of the parties of whom he receives them, and of those to whom he pays them. This note be had received farm Harold Berwick !" Peter nodded as though he had expected as much. "You are not surprised, Peter? I suppose you think that the note may have been originally paid out in Calcutta by Arthur ?" "1 don't think it necessary to suppose any such thing, my lord. But I'd like to ask you if this is the first money you have found in India of that kind? "It is not, Peter. 1 have found two °the and of course I suppose that Arthur mui passed them; but last night I learned from (

Harlow, of the Golden Face, that Arthur exchalge* all his notes for gold in Bristol." "Well, my lord," said the old servitor, with a strange manifestation of eager interest, "and what do you gather from all this?" "That is what troubles me, Peter. I don't know what to make of it. 0! if I could think that the poor boy had been traduced—that he was not a robber, after all, I should be— But the evi- dence is—" "All on one side, so far as your lordship has heard it," broke in Peter, resolutely. "My lord, I never knew till now that Mr. Arthur had been accused of stealing that money. I never heard a lisp of it." Because," explained the baron, "I did not wish any one to know it. Her ladyship and Har- old were the only two to whom I communicated the secret. They helped me to trace the money to Arthur's possession." "Aye," responded Peter, with great vehemence, "and none could have done it better." " Peter I" "My lord, it isn't for servants to take upon themselves the affairs of the master's house, and especially it isn't for them to unearth things that could only make trouble and bad feelings. If I had known that Arthur was suspected of having taken that money, I could have told you different long ago." Lord Birchmear turned suddenly in his saddle, ' and caught his henchman by the arm, and at the movement both horses stopped. "Peter I What do you mean? Don't venture to trifle with me. Let not your love for the boy 1 lead you into assertions that cannot be verified." "My lord, I shall only tell you what I know." "And if it can lift this load from the shoulders of my boy, why have you not told it before ?" "First, my lord, I did not know that the burden I was upon the boy's shoulders, and in the next place it was a matter of which I had no right to speak, as you will see. I will tell it now, and I trust you will bear me blameless, and shield me from the enmity of others." "Go on," said Sir John eagerly. "Give me back my hope of Arthur and I will bless you." "I shall tell you what I know, my lord, and you can draw your own conclusions. You remember the night at Birchmear when Major Thorpe and his friends were there—the night when the young men caroused and quarrelled in the old donjon ?" "I remember," said the baron, with a shudder. "It was Arthur's last night at the manor." "On that night," continued Peter, "as the ' party in the donjon were roysterous I determined to sit up until all was quiet, since you had particu- larly enjoined it upon me to be watchful of fire. It was long past midnight when the revel was given over, and when I had seen the lights out in the donjon I bethought me that you and the major had sat quite late over your bottle in the library. Of course I knew that your lordship always kept a clear head, but still I fancied it no harm just to take a look that way to make sure that no stray sp.lik had fallen among your papers. I had entered the library and assured myself that all was right, and was thinking whether I would gather up the few empty bottles that stood upon the table and carry them away, when I heard footsteps in the outer passage. Supposing it was you, my lord, and not caring that you should find me surveying the array of empty bottles, I shut the hood of my lantern and slipped behind the fire. Screen. "Instead of your lordship, however, it was your lady who entered with a lighted candle in her hand. Of course I couldn't retreat then, and I was forced to remain where I was. I saw her go to the old cabinet and set the candle down on the writing- ledge. She unlocked a small drawer, and I saw that she was taking money from it—new, crisp bank-notes—and she counted them out until she counted two thousand pounds. Just then my foot slipped on the floor, and her ladyship started and dropped the notes. She was terribly frightened, and her face was pale as death. But she heard nothing more, and presently she picked up the fallen money, and having shut the drawer and closed the cabinet, she sent away. "But that isn't all, my lord. Not long after- wards I saw Harold come out from her ladyship's boudoir. I won't deny that I was acting the spy then. Things didn't look right tome, and I wanted to see what was going on. Harold came out from the boudoir, and I followed him to the chamber of Mr. Arthur. He went in, and was gone a few minutes, and then came out and went away to his own room." "Did you hear him converse with Arthur? " asked the baron. " No, sir. Poor Arthur was fast asleep, as I could tell by his heavy snoring. Mr. Harold had other business in that chamber." "And you never told of this before, Peter? "How could I, my lord? I knew not then what horrible plot had been hatched up against our boy; and of course it wasn't in my place to betray what I'd discovered in such a manner, and of my master's own wife and—" Sir John put up his hand. "No more, Peter You did quite right. And yet—my God! what a piece of work this has been I" Lord Bit chmear had listened to Ida attendant's story very much as a patient might submit to a severe surgical operation, which grew more and more painful as the knife cut deeper and deeper. He had comprehended the whole when the story was concluded, and had no questions to ask. "My lord, you do not blame me?" "I have only to thank you, my friend." "And no harm shall come to me from Harold or

her—" "Hush 1 I trust they may never know how this information reached me." _ . ..

And alter this master and man rode on in silence for a long time. Occasionally marks of pain were apparent upon Sir John's face, but for the most part his expression was of great relief. &foie night they reached Serarnpoor, where two servants had arrived with the luggage and secured a bungalow. The baron had expected at this point to be joined by two of the company's officers, but they had not made their appearance. On the following morning, as soon as breakfast had been disposed of, he ordered preparations to be made for the start. It was not impossible, he thought, that the officers had gone on by the Bur- racur route, and he would not wait for them.

Sir John's attendants were now three in number, I • , the addition taken at the bungalow being two stout fellows—Mark Vining and Adam Cook—who had been brought up at Birchmear, and who were warmly attached to their master. At home they had served chiefly in the stables and in the forest, being expert horsemen and accomplished huntsmen, and his lordship had brought them with him to India because he knew they would be just the at- tendants required upon expeditions like unto that In which he was now engaged. At Nuddya, which they reached on the evening of the second day, Sir John was advised by the Jemmadar, or native chief, not to go on without a stronger force. He said that a large number of Ghnrka soldiers had deserted from Nepaul, and were committing all sorts of depredations in the country to the north. They were worse than the Thugs, he declared. But his story did not sound plausible; and as Sir John was strongly inclined to believe that the fellow only sought to urge his stay in the village that he might tax him heavily for accommodations, he resolved to push on. He here secured two Afghan guides, however, who were well acquainted with the roads, and who appeared to be entirely trustworthy. Towards noon on the third day our party entered the great jungle of Nagdapoor, through which the road held its course for a distance of ten miles or more. Half the dismal solitude had been left behind them when the guides, who rode in advance, suddenly pulled up, uttering wild exclamations of terror as they did so. Sir John hastened to the spot, and beheld by the wayside the bodies of two men, dead, and shockingly mangled. One of the Afghans declared that he recognized them as two native merchants of Nagore who had passed through Nuddya only the day before. And this story seemed reasonable from the fact that the men could not have been dead many hours, as the condition of the bloodpools plainly indicated. It was a horrible sight, and Sir John had no disposition to linger upon it. He had given direc- tions for moving on, when the horse of one of the guides reared with a wild snort, and pushed backward upon the others; and in a moment more a crashing was heard in the thick tangle of the jungle. " The Ghurkas I The Ghurkas !" cried the foremost Afghan, with a terrified shriek; and he would have fled at the top of his speed had not the way been blocked by half a score of dark forms which had darted out into the road.

They came out in front, and they came out in the rear—full a score of them—stout, dusky men, with Tartar features, wearing turbans, and armed with swords and spears. There was blood upon their filthy garments, and it was plain to be seen that they were eager for a renewal of the dreadful bap- tism. They brandished their swords in the air, *ad withiouddlendish yells called upon the travel-

rant,o disni6vilit; -at the-same Mae totaling a ootdoi3 of spears through which the hor oes oould sto. break.

(2o be continued J.

!A. GIRL'S ATTEMPT TO POISON MOTHER. he'd -

-- Jane Ellen Rawlinson, aged fifteen, whose I.- ded, scarcely visible above the front of the dock, plea guilty, at the Central Criminal Court, London, on TOP day, to maliciously administering poison to her raothe! with intent to injure her. The prisoner, it appears, baa h had several situations as a domestic servant, but in eae _ caw° her propensity for purloining small articles led re Iler discharge. On the last occasion she took home sea& ral articles, which the mother returned to the owneorl salts, under the pretence that the poison Tois annoying the prisoner, she procured some spirtiit.l i fur cloaning purposes. She then sent her was req 1 re". tor a small quantity of rum, and mixed it with tr. spirits of salts. Giving the mixture to her sister? an; lied, and to tell her to drink it quicklY, a 6 it Was 111 instructed her to take it to her mother, who 1, younger sierer_ her good. The mother, however, after tasting rilellithe , ore, refused to drink it, and on inquiry discovery" .... in the )tiove facts.—The prisoner, who did not apnea' bet .east affected by her position, made no exettse for conduct, and the Commissioner postponed sentence' __:--...------ erg Or FROM EUSTON TO CARLISLE VIII" wouldis,

,

===== 0002601_18950914_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
STOPPING.

--- k ralliVir There was an interesting sequel to the grea' "race "to Aberdeen." on Sunday. The ,North-Western Railway Company, wil° in that tbe stopped at Crewe to change engines, thus ingolltMe esp- loss of.three minutes in stopping and starting, ayrun- lished on Sunday the unparalleled performance c 299 i /3 ruing from Euston to Carlisle, a distance °• 7,„,,eat on whithout changing engines or stopping for ea,l';uardre e road. The experimental train consisting °` ts:',lootuir van, two composite carriages ' lOa- l in , two s e eel° another _ composite carriage and guard's "a, r,..,, weigh' London rsee ;,I!, In railway parlance,t u ten and a half vehle""s' oda/ ing about 112 tons, left Euston at 845 aim- OrIA -Me lir and reached Carlisle at 2.38, having perf" orole' h-eduleo cold journey in seven minutes less than-er oftl time of six hours, the speed having averageo TeblOr miles run hour. Crewe was passed at 11.52. an,,: Ito! at 1 50, or a minute before the scheduled tiln- &en followed the ascent of Shap Bank, about eight till fee feet high, but in coming down on the other 131„ff big driver put on speed and knocked seven minute° "aging sichedule between that point and Carlisle. The of the used Was the Lillie, one of the smaller and earlierbe 001/ 1.,. d rOll alteration made to adapt it for this unpreceden-ed rbaS was to fit on large oil-boxes but it is noW beliegeArieer compound type, built on Webbe's system- even that was an unnecessary precaution. TbekeforesS "fteln. was Ben Robinson, who drove the Hardwic the e-. t orewe to Carlisle in the record journey liale fof ~st month. The engine, on arriving at Car I l4ibert' aprri,dmoaunnacmedplebystenarApeorftscotaolbseti;; raesincaoioll,eads ai a the 1 11l lig: Mr. Whale and Mr. Earl, assistant locomotive anilllimuCh dent; from Crewe, travelled in the train, and we% 10 pleased with the success of the experimenfficial's!.od tal r-- . Do passengers travelled in the train extept o don 3 Previous record distance run was between Len , solv Crewe, 158 miles. The officials were confident Oa' boar day's journey could have been accomplished ja all 1P55 time if a high speed had been attemPted' -f THE DUKE OF MARLBORO ‘,rr -ni IDT AMERICA. --. 41104 PROBABLE ENGAGEMENT TO MISS col- VANDERBILT. aid tilo The American newspapers are telling the t,..ctee Or the Duke of Marlbmrough is not in the Unite&P"- With mere travel, but for the purpose of finding a Wif,e'de gib° t heir usual astuteness they have discovered the 'at;. all is to become a duchess-if her relatives ea° '6'ool possibility bring that about. Their method a disagst Of singular. The duke was " exclusively thsa,gwas in:,. Mrs. Willie K. Vanderbilt, at Newport : ,I bUt I,W Iron troduced at the Casino by Mr. Oliver B.F. i.,13: write° From this fact a New York society reporter, Iv", geboea a column which is headed " Heavy Swells a"- • "16 tr, In Dukedom," draws the following concluSieSe'elruilt emphasises the opinion that Mrs. Willie K. wilt,. Sel• ionfthil ali einw(rt,nsnhu,:teuat, of t7stiu:soigartsieunsbweibtabenealirtlrlpeiegtpsti: issues,el i do nfsTiShnhaiatowstthNGeMeherairDwan.r cetußokoit, 8;01 btempeaobicotaf oeni cd!torprosa: .n, 4 erg dtbi rcitosubuiatt bre ryd,..,_s e sos coot; ariejosr; i vlann'Sdieprgbi . arr. 'lt 015 hull, we are told, "ir u hti) tby Constiela Vaellet of lin,nial,t, nave remarks the s Dli:eketho:f ,:ed_ar,i,bosouor-Ociue;:' was " the gtid °it'll honour." The accounts of the ball are interspersteerestea the Duke of Marlborough, especially s gorne:ctic;rrignfelbei„: late father, the Duke of Marlborough, and Will-wealth/ Lord Randolph Churchill, both of whore Marrie ts Were Ametican women." Needle-s to say, the g ~tige reP2rd numerous. "The white marble edifice," BO' - ,nisSue ter who lounged about in the roadway and Iva! 10303_,,eu with the mud off the carriages of the guests, 0-‘ foro, Vv ; , di, scintillating lights from every wrindoW•' re , ord of wed' K. Vanderbilt and Miss Consusla Vanderbilt .., a bodig;',a SO. ,r 1 the grand saloon, supported by , wenty-five male servants of the establisbnieoL• „ cotb V. wore the loveliest of pale-green satin g0W135; i jas superb diamond ornaments, and Miss Consuela 14 veer' 101-e coloured satin and " wore her fatnous I:la oso itibil lace." The reporter was unable to see frog] hie Ic/ 00 in the roadway the effect of the a rose-colouret tbe and the pearl necklace upon the susceptible blow the young duke; nor ia be able to tell us wi t° th , duke danced and with whom he suppels eVerd ; rnjant ub t he ,vars la to understand that of all the brilliant bal e i• the Ma; ble House by the sea, this was t Gazettehe most , . must be nice (says the "St 1 0 to 12° n American millionairess • and particularly nlc It m .Inmes's , an American " society " reporter. SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN,. mterestl I will send a valuable, instructive, and WOO!, "•• to book which eve-y woman would be Els",, tells,, avoid; .",- Contains important and confidential advice lulA" a matrisci and single how to keep healthY anfree, '' anxieties so so distres9ing to the sex. Sent "sled, for one stamp to cover postage. ue Tere4. Aptiatsa : Professor E. LASALLE, 17, Eastbour , PA dington, London. W RUPTURE CURED. -All who wish to get r'r,t,tcrt Pet, and trusses should send to Mr S. J. SI"11-gilie-ee Speeiali,t, 64, Chancery-lane, London. and Manchester for his Book, post free 7d -Adrf' onabs 11: -17114 tIV IS IT THAT ' CLARKE'S BL'OO II wbiA" phi,' obtained such great popularity" is a qaoSt Perplexed many. The answer is, that it is u,"l gall .aestiort "ve :.0 th, finePt Blood Purifier that science and ine'"7, hove "Zia brought to light. Thousands of wonderful cure' ssinoAe-ifs etre. t,ri by it For Scrotula, Scurvy, Belex°°•ll k Wood Diseases, Bad Leg,i, Pimples and Sores or cli _,.0,i11-tle ot, iO ~ effects are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 9 eware of worthless imitations anu substitutes• f $ 'Pi E PLAGUE OF A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: . A ugb. -.0 o . A" Little voo vs , Which may be CURED now by the IMMODIII,T-GINZA 1 HALL'S FOR 1 i UNG RESTORER •sr. CIIB.,STIsOAI ' ' 1-i Registered AND Jt-"-- Vas.- - LUNG ASP NTS. COMPLAI _4O RESTORER . -1. u Never Fails. It POSSESSESTeroo 0 , " Little Cough. r UNG HEAL, to sooss viajohli_xte.te il' , b 0 " RESTORER other preparat," .., Fos COUGlig 001,10, L' LUNG RESTORER cat ''''alTo ,l, ,/0 to 4 Never Fails. It NEVER F,--- osr. INSTANT, BS [UNG 4 RESTORER TS& FIRST IS A SC"31„11,!. CIIII* 1 UNG LIIDE TO " RESTORER IDNODE Us ;0 i •ir:l3cio 5T...1 4 Ecoiri Refreshing. r Cairn LUNG RESTORER LAUD' . Never Fails moßrillit- Cl. ' I UNG Fog vv n —,ToovilicO.,u 60. • " 1 -d RESTORER A o°l. IT ACTS LIES .t. 1 UNG Children like , 0. L./ RESTORER 6,1 SOITD Never Falls ONE low. HALL'S ,ro .a.. PROVES 1,.... 1 linpd ESTORER _up 40 x ‘ 4 -1-1) Registered ESTABL NgV.PISD _„,, 4P 11.11/KS INSTANT NEVER FAIT'S' RELIEF. FAILS. ____.-. gS 001tB EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF VirlTla---,_ otoyclen; to Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Glir,;6l pfeas,,eSsa To Mr. THOS. HALL.-" DEAR SIE, se of Y°'' 'A to testify to the great benefit derived from atelier., chadre 01. oo were RESTORER, which I have given t° oad my Home-in two cases particularly its eT_ 101'1' of MO ---- bus, having cured most obstinate cough to recommend it to all my friends. s. CA UTION.-When you ask, al4 s LUNO RESTORER, don't be porsuadedyer ":,entiine ;ore else. Upon the outside wrapner of eg_aood sig e r, ppears my Trade Mark (the figure of Hve.a.r)__B. „ i Beware of fraudulent imitations and Inur _Fi: , 0 .-- • Sold by Chemists and Stores eve.ysrM, a. lA. and 2s. 9d. Should there. 70pt 0.., torjer lb tining, it will be sent carriage peid2.;.,,,,, vil' rthe amount, from THOS.. RALG, 4.• ,a al London el ehalt bel p .., . for a Bottle . a... 4 t:

===== 0002601_18950914_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
a t , 1 14 t 4 , a 1 , , r 1 I rr I t i it a I , .. r i ,r. : a ,a ' a ti Zt t 44

===== 0002601_18950914_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
With Or- „.4l4ary With Extra restage MAILS. Half peon y uP to Stamp to ....._

1-li am.

l!!evrton.

- 1-le-'W Blows ••• Widnes, Appleton, Fornw ' Ditton. Penireth, Preston Br Prodsham, Helsby, Daresb and Moore 'Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm mid Thelwall . •

No extra

fevichureh, Croft Padgate,Stotockl ton Heatil, Stretton, Warburton,

1 and Woelttton For Town Delivery & Latchor 1 Manchester, Mae,clestielcl, Stock Port, Iduitkat. Y rkshtre North. urnherlAnd, Durham. & Lancashire , southern and S.-Western

Courriies. Central South WI

and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales and Ireland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, 8.-East Lancashire, south Wales, S -West of Eng- land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery.. London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid , Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 'Bolton Preston North Lancashire, West

olancheal

Cumberland . London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Bastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter. Gloucester Plymouth, and Scotland Cheater, Wrexham, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, &

Sheffield Preston Brook, Sutton,Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool lerodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery. Ste:4'4ton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmm. Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester il rappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester Peterborough, and East Lincoln- shire Town Delivery Preston, West Currberland, Liver pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Ish of Man, & Glas>,ow Night Mail Despatch, All Parts London, Midlands, 8.-Eastern South Counties. & Foreign

===== 0002601_18950914_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
1-so s4O kta.

11-6 i a,,,,.

'A Kat. ~m. le-to %an.

1114 %an.

4143 cm.

1140 ctn.

12 Re„ 1.51 aza 1.66 Pan. 14 p.to.

46 Pan. 1-4 O 2.15 Pan. p.ra, 31 3-15 1, CO 7, ra'l2l. : 3 1). 11. I -

1.15 Pan Lao P.m. 11.4 pan 11.15 pm;

===== 0002601_18950914_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!London-,

===== 0002601_18950914_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DESPAICHES.

bOr —mg the time to which a letter Can be posted with Ordi- Ury Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. MAILS.

y 5-0 1-10 9-51 11,30

Extra 0. Stamp.

I

11-16 ~

245 Pan.

10-35 a.m

4.30 1.41 SAO

2-20 p.m.

8-10

----- te41140 BOLYSE, SUB-omm, AND WALL LETTER BOXER

"4441 ito ne,townl% vsE— tut „ I'APIcEs .tub •••• .. • .............. ?LW l.;r098 .11eWiek. ......... "Rl'aVt. . ........... trow-, --'4lle, Newton...

AS FOLLOWS :-

...............

WEEY-D 10-15 a.m.. 12-20, 1-30, and B,p.m.

................

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. an,lB p.m. _

7-10 a.m. and 6:20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. O-25 a.m. and .5-55 P.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Ojices aleo

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. 5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2k 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 845 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 930 am. and 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 pm. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 3-55 a.m. 10-30 a.m.

Nil. Nil Nil. Nil. Nil

from the Receiving 'Office at Earle- pm.; from all Sub-Offices at the same

===== 0002601_18950914_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
CLEARED

I

(N;(;uu

tt e4;,,rittlon 41110% e .Reecoursey (Ne toStatio n ga Pre w , ridge)

14114RfiZIL. 0-1-b0" ''''' e,ett, wtoil e"4O Pel (tltar intrloia St dtatinon) 141 Ahto, ,tii.e,art n (Frt.:4ood place)

k"altt tol, are des tieg'. at 9 a Patched aes •r°• anti ettere.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
----.,___ ''....„,:!°Wli DHLIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

W4les lreland, Scotland, .14, 147,,..114;131tthe & Lymm 5.-East Laneas.hire, And, Purh%rn, Northum- 11-30 „ , Lincolnshire 12titk4Dorter13001, Birkenhead, fip4oollidq,.pre'ent. Wigan, Orrns- kt4 , & liarlestovm 'it% 44 0 eign Ikto tati, onnti d the South l2-0 Nort ea 8c South Wales Lancashire New tee ' St. Helens aend- . .. .... ........ . ayludlNl:lenfilan'd Counties tot4otty?,l ltn "p' randorn ire.lZ7lwe. CheB- ,114(),,t,kit_elit°11. Wigan Man &tOil Cheater' 5-30 P.m. -reign. South S 4t,t,l*star u'''oliaitii s, deldnd, Northern., #3-45 woi Lancashire 411.1,11,tRate nil stre.„. ston,Stocktou 8.30 "•••<l4 Co all* South ri • an- 9-15 „

To Callers.

rater

Ott

12-15 p.m.

By Postmen.

7-O *.c.

11-30 a.m

3-15 m.

6-45 a.m.

I 7-0 a.m. } Next day.

" k.llOl .14 44, PRovmo 6,lll4i,{Pithr.,°4l Grovel.Lu ff( pi es, Pains In the Rack emobnolisill ltit. Diseas of Kidneys. !iitiqt enre'i oCfttjca. Rheumatism and Gout wilt find a it wit tis6ert Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and tiLltikmuer," Your money will be returned. Prices Is. Irl. 4+44 or ye,st free for 12 stamps from HOLROYD% 114C4ottehetkheaten, Yorla. Don't be put off. If 441, tbesolAwdvrtit.o to the Proprietor, and aWI Will 'POOt

, ). 1

ir T..: ,

. -

===== 0002601_18950914_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
141'64,

Itif,i,„°t"trn

===== 0002601_18950914_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB MEETING.

THE NORTHERN UNION SUPPORTED.

A meeting of the members of the Warrington Rugby Football Club was held at the 'Norton Arms Hotel Wilderspool Causeway on Thursday week.to consider the action of the committee in joining the North, ru Rugby Union. There was a very large attendance of members. Mr. H. Ashton was voted to the chair unanimously.

The CHAIRX•I4 in opening the meeting, said that the committee had been compelled to take action at once with regard to the formation of the Northern Union. It was bomidered by them that it would be better to join, and it was mow for the meeting to c3nfirm or otherwise their action.

Before any proposition was made,Mr.S.W.Jeffery (the hon. assistant secretary) read the following letter from Mr. J. E. Warren, the hen. sec. of the club, which was addressed to the Chairman :—"Dear Sir,—lt is very un- fortunate that a most important sub-committee meeting in connection with the Union prevents me attending our meeting to-night. I should have liked to have been pre- sent to give a complete history of the circun,stances ' which have led up to the present crisis in the Rugby football world, and to defend the action of our commit- tee in Joining the clubs forming the Northern Union. It is well known that Northern clubs have been recouping their players for loss of wages sus- tained when losing time to play their club matches for years, contrary to the rules of the Rngbv 'Union. There was a strong feeling that the workingmen who chiefly compose the northern clubs shotila not be deprived ,of their sport because they could not afford to lose the time necessary to play the club matches. Some years ago, a determined effort was made to get these payments legalized by the governing body. -rhp movement had the support of the Lancashire and York-hire unions, and [may say that the W.F.O at the time supported very strongly the desired alterations in •the roles. The movement failed owing to the determined .opposition of the southern clubs, the majority of which are composed of players to whom loss of time does not -necessarily mean loss of wages. At the last Rugby Union general meeting, the• Clubs were givento understand that a determined effort would be made to stamp out these ill-gal, but to Northernclubs, necessary payments, and new and more stringent rules were to be framed with this object in view. A meeting of Lancasiaire and York- shire clubs was held in Manchester soon after the Rugby Union meeting to consider the position. It was felt that payment for broken time was absolutely necessary for the successful carryingmn of the game in the north, and an attempt was made to form a combination of clubs with the object of 'being in readiness to supp irt each other in the event of the Union expelling any club for a frivolous offmce against these new professional rules, broken time payments being included under this head. The Rugby Union prohibited the Formation of such a combination and several leading clubs refusing to go as far as a breach with the present ho iv, the movement at the time collapsed. The com- mittee of the Warrington club I may say strongly sup- ported the movement. The new rules dealing with pro- fessionalism which were passed last month again brought the question to the fron ; with the result that 22 clubs in Lancashire, 'Yorkshire, and Cheshire have formed themselgee into a Union:, entirely apart from the Rugby Union, payment for broken time being recognised. It was only on the23rd August, that I received a notice to attend a meeting of nine Lancashire clubs at Manchester on the frillowing Tuesday, and a meeting of Lancashire and Yorkshire at Huddersfield on the following Thurs- day. There was not time to convene a general meeting. Prompt action was absolutely necessary, and your com- mittee While fully recognising the many disadvantage which the new 'Union will labour under, decided, after very grave and careful consideration, to throw in their lot with the other clubs. Indeed there appeared to be on alternative. The season was jost opening, and we 'Mould have been left with about 24 open 'dates which It would have been impossible to refill if we had hold aloof. This would have meant ,an abortive sea- son, and for 'future seasons, we should have been com- pelled to arrange with clubs of very interior calibre to those we have been in the habit of playing. I trust this meeting will give our committee credit for doing the beat tbev could for the interest of the club and unanim- ously confirm their action.—Yours truly,J. E. WARREN " Mr. 'DINWIDDIE thought it would be better if the meet- ing were informed which were the clubs which had joined the 'Northern League and the clubs which re- mained in the old Lancashire and Yorkshire League. The CHAIRMAN said that if they had followed the news- papers, they would have learned for themselves. There wore only three of the old clubs in the present Lanca- shire competition, Barrow, Swinton, and Salford. These clubs stood practically alone among the leading clubs of Lancashire. The other nine clubs had joined the Northern Union. The twelve first class Yorkshire clubs with the exception of Dewsbury had also joined, as well as Run- corn and Stockport. There were sufficient clubs to make tin matches during the whole of the season, in fact one or two-more than was necessary. Mr. Tiongion thought that it would be well to get a little-mere information upon the matter. He gave every- one credit for doing his best for the interest of Rugby football, but there was a great deal they wanted to know before they passed any resolution eituer to agree or disagree with the committee. In th': first place, he would like to know the rules of -the new movement. It was yery unfortunate that Mr. Warren was not present or he-Might have_given that information. They knrw thellugby 'Union rules; and he wanted to know where they wereto be altered, and also whether the players who bulk part in the matches were going to be declared professionals. Were they going to be professionals for a paltryls. a week ? He thought that a good many would hesitate before they put themselves in that position. Were the A.A.A. or the swimming Association going to declare the players profotsionals ? It was a well know fact that the payment of the members was not going to stop at hrnken time. There were men who had been receiving £2 per week for playing football, and he asked where they going to be satisfied with Bs. per week for one day's broken time'? He wished to know how far they were going. He did not object to professional football, but if they paid the players, they would expect betteg play, In the association game they paved as much as £4 a week for the Mayers, and the Warrington club should nanse and consider before taking any steps which might lead to this. Again suppose the Rugby Union should Prove the stronger where were the Northern clubs going to land themselves ? Warrington had £l,OOO at stake, and supposing the Union came to grief (Mr. T. Davies: " it won't.") Mr. DA-VIES said that Rugby football had in the , past been under the rule of men in London not in touch or sympathy with Northern football, and football was carried on under different circumstances in the south. It was well-known that parment had been made to players in Lancashire and Yorkshire clubs, and he wonld rather have it done openly. With regard to the A.A.A.he might say that a Bradford committee man had been toLondon,and he found that there was no arrange- ment between the A.A.A.and the Rugby Union. Again, it was not necessary that a player should be paid if he joined the //leathern Union. If he wanted to play as an amateur footballer he could do so. There were amateurs in Association. The Rugby Union had not recognised suspensions of the A.A.A.. and in support of this he in- stanced Sudlow, of St.Helens. It had been decided that broken time only should be paid. He did not think it right to ask a workingman to go and 10Se anything by playing football. He considered that the Union was one of the best things for the clubs which could have hap- Turned. As to the action of the committee, he might tell the meeting that many meetings had been held but they had to decide at once. By their action they would get some of the finest clubs that could be obtained to play. Mr. Tinnion had mentioned what Warrington had ex- pended on Wildersnool, but this was nothing to Brad- ford, Leeds, or Halifax. They stood to lose much more than Warrington. counnillor EVANS for the information of the members said that the Northern Union agreed upon payment for t.raken time, and they recognised suspensions by the Rugby Union. To stop poaching of players which would nut a scotch to professionalism they would not grant trarsfers of players without the clubs' consent. The promoters believed that they would stop professionalism at least for a time. What would be the outcome of course remained to be seen. Mr. CRITCHLEY : Will the A.A.A. acknowledge any man being paid as a Rugby footballer? Councillor EVANS I don't know. Mr. CRITCHLEY said that if a man played with pro- fessionals, both the A.A.A. and the Swimming Asso- ciation would class him as a professional. Mr. Trwigrow : In case the Union go in for professional- ism would the Warrington committee support it ? Councillor EVANS : That is anticipating. Mr. .TEFFERY said that the movement for the payment of broken time was initiated by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Clubs who tried to get it legalised some time ago ; hut that was defeated by the Southern clubs. That was the cause of the Northern Union being formed. With regard to the A.A.A. he thought that the clubs were strong enough to form an athletic aceociation of their own should that body declare against them, and it would he as strong as that. The Warrin,gton club was, however, running Mainly AS a football organisation, and therefore they had football interests to consider. With regard to what they stood to lose, he thought that other clubs stood to lose as much or more, and what was their interest was Warrington's interest. He did not think they would lose by it, but he believed that the action of the cemmittee was to the best interests of Rugby foot- ball in Warrington. Mr. S. Ffecicrry Proposed that the Warrington club join the Northern Union. Mr. J. Ettrsow seconded and spoke strongly in favour of the motion. Mr. TiIiNION to test the meeting moved that the mat- ter he adjourned for further information. Mr. CRITCHLEY seconded, and exoressel the opinion that, the players would be declared professionals in the event of joining the Union. Only Messrs. Tinnion and Critchley voted for the amenoment, and the resolution WAS rattled unanim- ously with the exception of three two gentlemen. THE " SECOND " TEAM. The CHAIRMAN said that as they all knew, the club had hitherto run three teams, but it was difficult to

===== 0002601_18950914_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r•

===== 0002601_18950914_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• -

10-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINFB, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 14' 1895.

arrange matches with a third team, and the committee. thought that the " second " team should be diabAnded Mr. TINNION asked whether the A team • would have full fixtures. . . . . .

Councillor EVANS said that it would be a heavy charge on the resources of the club if the A team went to such places as Hull, but there would be plenty of fixtures nearer home. . . . _ . .

..... Mr. JEFFERY said that the first team were playing 42 matches, and woule have to play on holidos as well as Saturdays. There would be 20 m itches will A teams in Lancashire and Cheshire, and a elmpetition would be formed of A teams. If the exttliequer would allow it they could arrange a few matches with Ynirkshire and there were also other clubs not in connection with the Rugby Union. It was eventually decided on the motion of Mr. enure/ass, seconded by Mr. Traivron, to leave the m Atter in the bands of the Committee. A vote of thanks to the Chairman on the motion of Mr. TINNION. seconded by Mr. DAVIES, brought the meeting to a termination.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MOO RE AND DIST RIC e HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.

Tile first show of the above society was held in the :grounds at Moore Hall, M ore, on 'Thursday week. Although the weather was very wet during the after- noon. a large number of people visited the 8110 W. The exhibits occupied a large inarvee and the show was in every way a successful one. A number of ladies and gentlemen of the neighbourhood exhibited collections of beautiful fliwers and fruit, which, however, were not for competition, among them being Lady Brook,Norton Priory : Mr. John White, Miss Milner and Mrs. Jones, The Elms. There were two stalls occupied by dealers, Mrs. Massey, Walton, and Messrs. Dicksons,Cries'er,b th of which were beautifully set out. The plants,fruit,&;:., for competition were all of first-class quality, doing the growers great credit. Toe following is the pr list :- ASIATEUft CLA.SS.-One plant : 1. C. de.Pr. Z FLISChia 1, P. Gleave. Geraniums: 1, and 2,J. Antrobus. Fern : 1, T. J. Weir :2, C. de Prez Cut flowers: 1, J. Anto- bus ;2, 'l'. Beswick. Box of flowers :1, .1. Antrobus ;2, T. Beswick. Asters 1, T. Beswick ;2, J. L. Jones. Dahlias : 1, T. Warburton; 2, J. Wright. France Mari- golds : 2, J. L. Jones. Apples: 1, J. L. Jones. Extra prize and highly commended, 2. E. de Prez. extra prize : T. Dwerryhouse,. Pears 1, J. L. Jones; 2, J. Antrobus. Plums : extra prize, I J. Antrobus. Kidney potatoes : 2, C. de Prez. Raund potatoes : 1, T. Fleet. Four varieties p itatoes :1. 'l'. Fleet. French beans : 1, T. Bpswick ; 2, E. de Prez. Peas : 1, C. de Prez. Eschalots : 1. T. Dwerryhouse ; 2, T. Fleet. Carrots : 1, T. Fleet. Onions special prize, T. Fleet; 2. J. Wilkinson. Parsnips : 1, J. L. Jones. White cabbage :1, T. Warburton. Cauliflower: !I, C. de Prez; 2, J. Antrobus. Celery: 1, T. Fleet 2, J. W lkinson. Vegetables : 1, T. Fleet. Dessert fruit : 1, C. de Prez. COTTAISFERS° CLASS,-Two window plants: 2, S. Brough. One plant : 1, J. Banner. Cut flowers : 1, J. Forster; 2, R. Wilkinson ; extra prize, J. Banner. Dahlias: I,ll.Smith ; 2, T. Whalley; highly commended, j. Wilkinson ; extra prize,J. Banner. Ten we-ks stock: 1, R. Wilkinson ; 2, J. Foster. African mari- golds: 1, G. Condliffe. French marigolds : 1, R. Wilkinson; 2, G. Condliffe. Apples: 1, J. Banner; 2, G. Condliffe. French beans: 1, Beswick ; 2, Oulton. Peas.: 1. E. Shatwell ' • 2, H- Lawton. Scarlet runners: 1, T. Garner ; 2, H. LAW- tot'. Eschalots : 1, T. Garner ;2, R. Wilkinson. Kid, ney potatoes :1, T. Garner; 2, H. Lawton, extra p, ize. H. Wilkinson. Round potatoes: I,l'. Whalley :2, ''. Garner; extra prize, J. Banner. Carrots 1, T. Gar- ner ;2, R. Wilkinson. Onions : 1, J. Wilkinson ;2, J. Forster. Turnips : 1, T. Garner. Red cabbage : 1, T. Garner; 2, R. Wiikinson. White cabbage: 1, T. Garner ;2, Wilkinson. Cauliflower: 1,8. Antrobus; 2, R. Wilkinson. Lettuce: 1, T. Garner ;2, W. Oulton. Celery: 1, E. Shatwell ;2, H. Wilkinson. Vegetables: 1, H. Wilkinson; 2, and highly commended, R. Shatwell. _ _

FARMERS' ClASS.—Potatoes : 1, T. Warburton ; 2, T. J. Weir; highly commended, W. Dunbabin. Produce 1, M. Foster. Butter :1, Mrs. Forster ; 2, J. L. Jones highly commended, W. Dunbabin. Butter : 1, M. For; s'er; 2, W. H. J. Jones, Marigolds: 1, T. Darlington 2, T. Warburton. Swedes: 1, T. Warburton ; 2, W; Donbabin. Miscellaneous : Box of fruit, highly corn. mended, Mrs. Massey.; box of vegetables, highly com- mended, Mr. John White. BASKET OF WILD FLOWERS —There were two classes in this. For children over ten and children under ten years' of age. The following obtained prizes :—Eva Foster, 1 ; Ellen Dunbabin,l ; Susan Banner, 2 ; Emma Oulton, 2; Sybia Calder, 3; Annie Antrnbus, extra prize ; Frank Wilkinson, extra prize; and Clara Wilkin- son, highly commended. The Preston Brook Brass Band, conducted by Mr. A. Withinshaw, played selections during the afternoon. In the evening dancing was indulged in. Tne judges were Messrs. Bipps, and Lockhart. Mrs. Warburton judged the butter. Among those present during the day were; —The Misses Oreenall, Mr. and Mu'. John White, Mrs. Litton, Miss Milner, the Rev. Thomas Whitley, Mr. Dwerryhouse, /cc.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RESIGNATION OF I'HE CHIEF CONSTABLE.

In view of the resignation of the Chief Constable- ship of Warrington by Mr. Samuel Hunt, the fol- lowing details of Mr. Hunt's long connection with the police force of the town will be read with in- terest. Mr. Hunt joined the Warrington police force on December 21st, 1863, as superintendent, having left the Derby borough force for that pur- pose. In Derby he had given a service of 13 years and 8 months, and brought with him to Warrington first class testimonials as to character and ability for the whole of that time. In Warrington he has served thirty-one years and eight months, so that his continuous service amounts in all to forty-five years and four months. When Mr. Hunt joined the Warrington police force, Mr. Mac Michael was Chief Constable. This gentleman was anointed to the office in December, 1852, and resigned in July, 1866, and on August 9th following, Mr. Hunt was ap- pointed to the position at a salary of .£145 per annum. The salary has been advanced at various times till 1888 when it reached £3OO per annum, at which It remains to the present day. The strength of the police force when he joined was 16, and the population about 26,000. Now, the force is 54, all told, and the population about 57.000. During the year 1866, a gang of burglars were captured and the proceeds of no fewer than 18 burglaries by them from Warrington, and other places, Lanca- shire or Cheshire, were recovered and restored to the owners, the thieves being sent for trial and convicted. About the same time a Fenian scare took place and it entailed a vast amount of anxiety and labour on the part of the police by night and day. A great number of special constables were placed upon duty along with the regular policemen for the safety of public buildings and the public generally. In the follow- ing year a terrible railway collision at Walton Arches on the London and North Western Railway near Warrington occurred whereby a great number of persons were killed and injured. Inquests on the dead lasted for weeks and nursing and care of the injured for months. During Mr. Hunt's lengthened service there have been seven Parliamentary elec- tions in Warrington and the disturbances which oc- curred at some of these caused the police to have lively times, but no serious damage to property or injury to the person ever resulted. Considering that Warrington is the great highway between 13 other towns with greater populations within a radius of 30 miles and that its own population is increasing rapidly it is and has been singularly free from serious crime and it is claimed that drunken- ness is decreasing gradually but surely.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EMPEROR'S FORK.

The German Emperor was staying some time ago in one of the towns on the shore of the Mediterranean, and as he holds the rank of Admiral in our Navy he was invited to dinner by the commander of the British squadron, then cruising near at hand, says the " Mascot." But when the time for the banquet arrived it was discovered that the important implement was missing. Where was the Raiser's knife and fork ? For though the Emperor can wield sceptre, sword, end pen, he cannot use an or3inary knife and fork. His left arm is practically ('salsas, and he employs an ingenious con- trivance which combines both knife and fork, and does very well with it. This Imperial implement had not been placed beside the Imperial plate,and it could not le found ; not even the Emperor's attendants knew where it was. A picked crew was sent ashore in haate, but though the Kaiser's quarters were searched, no knife and fork could be discovered. All this time the elaborate dinner was spoiling. It was now two hours since the tible had lacked only the Kaiser's knife and fork. But the dinner could not be eaten until the Emperor was ready to eat, and his eating implement must be found. No one had ventured to ask the Kaiser if he knew the whereabouts of the missing article, but hunger rendered the host bold. With decorous delicacy, His Majesty was approached, and the momentous question asked, "could he tell where his knife and fork could he found "Oh, yes •, here it is," said he, as be produced it from an inner pocket of his uniform !

Th.:. floral Laundresses sag Criter:lev's ' STARCH itlet is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl h to eta:The I nen, &e,, either cold or boiling water starol, Mr.—. Corn save My wife will not Unich our linen without goo: "Starch Gloss." From Ilro. Bradford : "Dear sit I arn pleased to Inform yon that I have tried rnany so-oalle Starell Glazes and Polishes, but end none Nord to yours." It thoeld be used in twerp Muse. Sold at Id .31., and 6d., le most sts.roh sellers. it not in stook wIE procure It. 'T Ostroszur.Blackbarn. Proprietor.-4d,.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=I

,a I ~

===== 0002601_18950914_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
SIX PLITTOCRAIS.

THE WORLD'S RICHEST MEN. According to " As You Like It," the six richest men in the world are vroh Qua, John D. Rockefeller, the Dukeof Westminster, Colonel North, Cornelius Vanderbilt, and Li Flung Chang. The fizures are :—Li Flung Chang, £100,000,000; John D. It.ickefeller, £38.000000; the Dus, ot Westminster, £20,000,000; Cl mel North, £20,000,000; Cornelius Vanderbilt, £20,000,000; Woh QUA, £20,000,000. But two of these mitlionaires inherited their fortunes. One is the Duke of Westminster, the other is Cornelius Vanderbilt. Li Hung Chang alone is in danger of losing his, but then his head might go, too, and a person without that necessary ornament wouldn't enjoy even a biscuit. As Viceroy of the Chinese Empire he was for for years in a position to accumulate wealth of every sort. With his one hundred millions he is the owner of great rice fields and innumerable pawnshops, which are most profitable. Colonel North, at the age of four- teen could not read or write. Some time he served as a sailor. At the age of twenty-three he went to Chili, raised capital, secured command of the nitrate beds, arranged for a water supply, and built railways, gas works, and so on. The Duke of Westminster's income is estimated at from five to seven hundred thousand pounds a year. The vast property he owns in London was bought by one of his ancestors in the sixteenth cen- tury, when it was only an outlying part of London. Rockefeller's fortune is sup- posed to be over thirty-six million pounds. His father was a physican. All his money had been made out of his oil fields. Cornelius Vanderbilt is probably the thriftiest of the sons of William H., and has actually more money than he knows what to do with. The Van- derbilt money has been inherited,and the system bearing the name, is supposed to be worth near sixty millions,of which tine favoured son owns a third. The wealth of Cornelius is estimated by those who know him inti- mately as £20,000,000. Woh Qua, the great Canton tea merchant has a fortune estimated at twenty millions. For years the trade in tea has been centred in him. Years ago Woh Qua, who had worked himself up in the firm with which he was connected lodged ahead fifty years, and saw the vast possibilities of the business. Every agent paid him a commission. Every pound of tea grown in the Celestial Empire had sooner or later to come to him or his agents. His vessels are numbered by the thousand, and as a matter of fact he commands more ships than the Admiral of any princi- pality. There are, of course, other great individual for- tunes, such as those of Baron Hirsch, the Asters, and the Rothschilds. The two latter, however,are jointly owned by half-a-dozen members of the family, and while the sum itself is great, it would not make each member as rich as either of the six men mentioned above if it were to be apportioned among them.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
—,b._...... FRUIT AS FOOD.

The great mass of the people look on fruit as a luxury upon which they can only spend odd peonies for the amusement of their children. Many parents will, says " Science Siftings," more readily spend money on injur- ious, or even poisonous sweets, than they will on good healthy fruit, and fashionable society will spend pounds on c4kes, wine and brandies, whilst they spend as many shillings on what is of more consequence—truit. The amount of money spent on purgatives and other correc- tives is incalculable and the greater par,: might be saved and advantageously diverted to other channels if fruit was regarded as a necessary article of diet. Why, asks Mr. Benj4field, MB., in an article on the subject in the " Horticultural Review," should we not have fruit palaces as well as gin palaces where fruit might be obtainsble at popular prices ? Eve soon discovered that fruit was good for food. Every generation since has endorsed her opinion, and now, perhaps more than ever before, the world is begin- ning to realise the alimentary value of fruit. Good ripe fruit contains a large amount of sugar in a very easily digestible form. This sugar constitutes a light nourish- ment, which, in conjunction with bread, rice, etc., forms a food especially suitable fer warm climates. When eaten with, say milk or milk and eggs, the whole forms the most perfect and easily digestible foad imaginable. For stomachs capable of -digesting it, fruit eaten with I pastry composes very perfect nourishment. Probably, however, most people would prefer to take their cooked fruit covered with rice and milk or cultard.

Fruit is not a complete dietary in itself, but it is an excellent adjunct to a meat dietary. The acids it con- tains assist digestion, and it is for this reason we eat apple sauce with our roas6 goose and pork, the fat of which it renders assimilable, and hence we consume these delicacies with greater enjoyment and relish. It was instinct first taught men to do this; to-day science supplies the reason and further tells Us that fruit should be eaten as an aid to digestion of other foods much more than it is now. Cultivated fruits, such as apples pears, cherries, strawberries, grapes, &c., contain n o analysis very similar proportions of the same ingre- dients, which are about 8 per cent, of grape sugar,3 per cent, of pectine, 1 per cent, of flash-forming albumenoids with over 80 per cent, of water. Digestion upon the action of pepsine in the stomach upon the food, which is greatly aided by the acids of the stomach. Fats are digested by these acids, and the bile from the liver. Now the acids and the pectine in fruit peculiarly assist the acids of the stomach. Lemon juice has been prescribed largely by physicians to help weak digestion, simply be- cause these acids exist very abundantly in the lemon. . . . . . . .

The antiscorbutic action of certain fruits is well-known and sailors at sea would be badly off indeed were an abundant supply of vegetables and fruit net provided for their coasumption. Good fruit clears the blood and promotes health. As a medicine, fruit is a most valuable !Illy. As previously shown, when the body is in that breaking-up condition known as scurvy the whole medical profession look upon frait and fresh vegetables as the one and only known remedy. Mr. Benjafield believes "the day will COMP when science will use it very ranch more largely than it does now in the treatment of many of the every-day ailments. We have shown how it aids digestion. Observations in scurvy prove that it exerts a very powerful influence on the blond. And ' the blood is the life ' ; poor blood means poor spirits, poor strength, poor breath, and poor circulation.

"Impure blood means gout,rheurnatisna,skin diseases, ricketts, and other troubles. As it is proved that fruit will purify and improve the quality of the Wood,it must follow that fruit is both food and medicine combined. In fevers, grapes and strawbeiries may be used with advantage when given to the patient in small but fre- quent doses : oranges and baked apples if the others are not obtainable. For rheumatism, plenty of lemons are invaluable. White girls with miserable pallid com- plexions want a quart of strawberries a day ; where these are not obtainable, bananas, which contain much iron, are a good substitute. _

"Probably, of all fruits, the apple stands unrivalled for general purposes in the household, either raw or cooked it can be taken by nearly everybody, and it contains similar properties to the other more delicate fruits. The pear is, perhaps, more easily digested than the apole, and for eating uncooked is superior to it." Dried fruits are becoming more popul ir with our colonial friends. This is not surprising. They serve as an excellent substitute where fresh truit is unohtainable. They have been found effective safeguards, Mr. Benja- Bold assures us, in keeping off scurvy from our colonial troops. Dried fruits on account of their cheapness might be more largely patronised by our own working classes, as they are cheap and are always in season. For preserving fruit, Mr. Benjafield thinks bottling in glass will be the practice in future. Not by the use of such dangerous chemicals as salycilic and boracic acids, but simply by protecting it, after cooking.frorn the fer- mentive germs in the atmosphere. Tinned fruit is not so good ; the acid of the fruit dissolves tin and lead, and vary serious cases of illness sometimes follow. Besides, fruit could be said much cheaper in bottles than in tins, as the bottle can be returned and used again. . Jams made from nice fresh fruit, and put up in glass or ware, make a very good article of diet, but much of the jams of commerce should be used as food for pigs. Jams act on tin and lead very much like tart fruits, but the acid in them is greatly neutralised by the sugar. Still, the outside of the jam in a tin is often quite dis- coloured.

A medical writer has recently been maintaining that bread and other starchy food,containing as they do large quantities of lime, are responsible, especially in aged people, for many of the diseases from which we suffer, such as apsoplexy, rheumatic gout, etc., and has urged that fruit should be taken freely instead, to counteract these limy effects. One of the first symptoms, when people are deprived of fruit and vegetables, is very severe pain in the side like rheumastism, and death from failure of the heart's action. Whether he is right about this lime may not be proved, but there is no doubt hut lime exists too largely in the blood vessAs in these dis- eases, and if fruit were eaten regularly it would do much to prevent it. Science to-day tells us that we may live uuder the most beautiful conditions, we may feast on bread, eggs, rice, cocoa, oatmeal, and such like foods for a short time, hut unless we take fruits or fresh vegetables— fruits being the best—we shall get listless, with leaden face, etc., until we die in a few months at the longest, and it follows that if we would keep ourselves and our children with clear skins, bright intellects, good diges- tion, rich colour, healthy blood, and strength for work, we must regularly take fruit and vegetables and look upon them as actually more necessary for the support of good health than any other article of diet.

The betrothal is announced of Princess Alexandra, third daughter of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, to the Hereditary Prince of Hobealehe-Langenburg. At the Old Bailey Sessions on Tuesday Lady Frances Rose Gunning, 53, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment with hard labour for forging her father's name to various documents by which she obtained different sums of money. The prisoner's father is a clergyman, over eighty years of age. It was suggested that she had obtained the money to cover losses on the racecourse, but counsel for the prisoner said it had been used for the purpose of ensuring the success of a club for ladies with which the prisoner was connected,

===== 0002601_18950914_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MOM

===== 0002601_18950914_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
LOOK TO YOUR FILTERS.

An eminent physician and scientist has recently made exhaustive enquiries into the possible dangers arising from filters in general use, and the results obtained are astounding and worthy cf careful consideration. Un- fortunately, people seem to think that reasonable pre- cautions have been takm when they drink filtered water, without stopping to look thoroughly into the question. Whereas this eminent scientist asserts, and proves, that a bad filter is worse than none. That many are cesspools in which breed poisons, bacteria,and gases, through which the water is filtered. He illustrates the importance of properly attending to filters, having them frequently cleaned, renovated, and not burdened with a ' constant flow of water; by comparing the water-filter to the kidneys—which are the filter for the blood. He shows that the kiOneys, if healthv, afford a perfect sys- tem of distribution of pure blood to every part of the body ; but if deceased, weak, or clogged up with uric acid, the blood becomes filled with impurities—loaded with poisons—which pass through the veins, spreading disease, in some one of its many terrible forms, over the entire system. If the kidneys are weak or inactive, • the blood becomes impure, the lungs oppressed, and the entire system is reduced and debilit- ated. To purify a stream we must go to its source, and to cure disease we must remove the cause. This accounts for the value of Warner's Safe Cure, which directly affects the kidneys, renovates, strengthens, and restores them to their normal activity. This medicine has stood the test for years in all civilized countries, and if you suffer from any of the many ailments which re- sult from a weakness of the kidneys, no time should be lost in procuring and giving it a fair trial. The expert- ' ence of Miss E. Peake, of 101, Oxford-street, Totterdown Bristol, is like reading an old story, for thousands of similar verdicts have been previously given,but it proves that this medicine has merit, and is worthy the praise given it. She writes :—" I am pleased to state that Warner's Safe Cure has entirely restored me to health and strength, after suffering many months with Bright's Disease and Dropsy. After being in the hospital four- teen weeks I was dismissed incurable, and at once com- menced to take Warner's Safe Cure. From the use of five bottles I felt great benefit, and gradually decreased in size until when I had taken nineteen bottles I felt quite restered to perfect health. I shall, with pleasure, be most happy to recommend Warner's Safe Cure to any- one who may be suffering in the same way." CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.

In the County Council Abstract of Accounts, or Blue Book, for the year ended 31st March last, just issued,the County Acc3untant's epitome states that during the year I ended 31st March, 1895, there his been paid into the county fund—including all rates-2Z.5,382 in actual oash,and this together with the balance at the beginning of the year, viz., £68,408, makes a total of £293,790. The actual cash payments out of the fund during the year have been £238,669, which, together with the balance in band at the close of the year of £ss,l2l,makes a total of £293,790. Upon taking into account the transfers to and from other accounts of the county fund (occasioned by the Exehequer contribution account),the actual income of the Council during the year has been £286,132, which, with the balance at the beginning of the year of £68,408, makes the total income of £354,540; and upon this the actual transactions of the Council dur- ing the year have been £299,419, wnich, together with the balance in hand, £55 121, at the close of the year, make the total of £354,540. The Council received during the year from the Government the sum of £107,182 in ' respect of duties, and also the ROM Of £lO from the Macclesfield Union, together £107,192 ; and out of this money have transferred £14,510 to the control of the Technical Education Committee; and the remainder they have applied in paying local grants amounting to £32,282; in repaying to the county police accounts for halt costs of pay and clothing, £18,134 ; and in repaying to the general county rate account £264 on account of costs of pauper lunatics ; and nave applied the balance, £42,002, to the general rate account in aid of the general county expendi- ture. The money, £14,510, transferred from the Ex- cheqner contribution account to the control of the ' Tf cheical Elucation Committee, together with the balance from last year of £15,753,and bank interest,£44, and also a small item. £4, returned from one of the classes,plaeed at the disposal of this committee during the year £30,311. The committee made payments out of the general account of £8,139 for technical education purposes, and also made grants out of the general ' account for special work carried on under their own direction.and also building grants, amounting to £9,236, and closed the year with an available balance in hand of £12.936. (This balance, although not yet applied, has already been mostly promised or a pprepriated by present undertakings). The various works under the direct , control of this committee were :—Peripatetic lectures ; the management, &c.' of the Worlestln Farm ; the es- tablishing, &c , of the Agricultural School at Saltersford Hall, Holmes Chapel • dairy work at Macclesfield, the holders of teachers' classes in various subjects,providing scholarships, making grants to schools, &c., for building purposes, apparatus, &c. ; providing lecturers for sick nursing lectures, dairy demonstrations, and agricultural test works ; and local committees' work in the various parts of the county, and under these several heads the committee spent £8,969, and left themselves with a balsoce in hand on these accounts of £10,660. The accounts degcribed as suspense accounts are in respect of items which have been made (£8,276) out of the general county fund, hut in regard to which the works are either unfinished or the account is awaiting the borrowing of money on loan. The cash balance of the county fund en 31st March is shown as £55,121, but to this must he added £12,428 now in the suspense accounts and tp he raised by loan, which will make the balance £67,549. The balance of the techni- cal education account (£23,596) must he deducted, how- I ever, from this • and algo having taking into account the estimated liabilities (£32,057) to the 31st March, 1895. the available balance, carried to the Budget, is £11,896. The existing debt, as shown in the balance sheet, ammints to the sum of £56 898. But there are assets belonging to the county in the shape of county buildings, sessions and assize courts, asylums, magis- trates' rooms, and police stati-ns, which are valued at £418,553. The county rate assessment, upon which the county rates were levied during the year ended 31st March, 1895, was £2,983.852. and on which a penny in the £ amounted to £12,433. The accounts relat- ing to the two lunatic asylums are only in reference to the erection and maintenance of the buildings and pensions of asylum officers, to which the general county rate is liable for the costs. The accounts for the maintenance of the patients and the charges to the Unions and the cests per head, &c., are annually made up and published by the respective asylum committees, independently of the s,ounty fund aceonnts. The police pension fund is according to Sec- tien 18 (2) of the Police Act, 1890 (although County Council accounts). kept AR a separate fund, and during the year there was received to the pension fund—includ- ing the Government grant out of the Customs and Ex- cise Duties of £2,526.and from the fleuni-r Council £7OO on repayment of loans—the sum of £5.960, and which, together with the balance at the beginning of the year of £1.840, made the total £7,800, arid after paving pen- sions and gratuities, £5,040, and investina, in consols £1.840,11111 paring the costs of stamps, &c., and taxes, £34, there remained at the end of the year a balance of £BB6 to be invested. The aetnal expenditure compar- ing with the Budget is £301.730, including transfers, which includes all liabilities of the Council to the 31st March, 1895, and allows of the net balance, £11,896, which is carried to the Budget for 1895-96.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
IRELAND TO TO MEXICO.

The Mexican Government,aceorling to the New York " Morning Journal," offers to giVO to all Irishmen who will agree to go to the country not only all the land that they can cultivate, hut will defray all their expenses from the time they leays Ireland until they are landed in the Republic of Mexico. A special appropriation has been made to defray the expenses of a commissioner to Ireland. Senor Matias RoMero,the Mexican Minister in Washington, has been informed of the wishes of his Gwernment, and has been ordered to look around and find a suitable commissioner to undertake the work of stirring the Irish up to a real- isation of the new proanerity that awaits them under the balmy skies of the Mexican Republic. Minister Romero was in New York last week, and had a long consultation with some of the leaders of the Irish patriotic movement in that city,

The intention of the Mexican Government in this matter has been brought formally to the attention of the new English Prime Minister. This is a courtesy that always obtains among nations. If England objects to a Mexican representative going publicly through Ireland and picking out the cream of the country for settlers in the great republic of the tropics, measures equally effec- tive will, says the American paper, be taken to let the Irish paopla know of the opportunities that await them in this land of promise. It is confidently expected that the commissioner to be appointed tw the Mexican Government will leave for his post within two weeks. He is to be an American who ig familiar with the natural advantages of Mexico. He will have unusual powers given him and practically un- limited capital behind him. By next winter there will be at least 300 Irish families transplanted from the Green Isle to the Southern Republic. Consul-General Navarro says the Irish people who went to Mexico years ago have made a great deal of money. From farming they drifted into business life and most of their sons are now in the learned profes- sions.

THE SECRET OF BEAUTY is found in CUTICURA Soar, the most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap in the world, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet, bath and nursery. It is the only preventative ef pimples, blackheads, red, rough, and oily skin, red rough hands with shapeless nails, dry, thin, and falling hair, and simple baby blemishes, because the only pre- ventative of inflammation and clogging of the pores, the cause of minor affections of the skin, scalp, and hair. Sale greater than the combined sales of all other skin and omplexien agape.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
PMBffill

===== 0002601_18950914_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
NOlk S ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

FOOTBALL.

The Rugby football season was opened on Saturday, thanks to the fetmation of the Northern Union. Other- wise, the first match would have been fought next Saturday. There was a vast amount of interest in the match on Saturday, as Warrington's opponents were Hunslet, a team who are verc prominent among the Yorlohire clubs, as in the Yorkshire League last year, they finished fifth with 24 points, and are also noted cup fighters. Consequently,a very large "gate "assembled, and as the game turned out, the spectators certainly had their money's worth, for despite the heat and the want of practice, it was of a most attractive and lively description. If such games are played every week,there need be no fear of poor "gates."

Warrington have every reason to be satisfied with themselves on the occasion of their debut in the Northern League competition. They have begun with a win. True, it is a very narrow one, but still it is sufficieet to give them two points on the table. They are now tenth on the table, out of the 22 clubs. Last season, excluding their holiday match with Mona, they had played four matches before they had won their first victory and that was won only by six points to five. Their programme this season is a long way ahead of that of last season, but judging from their performance on Saturday, they will give a very good account of themselves, and will take some beating.

The result of live points to four in favour of Warring- toc fairly represents the superiority of the Warrington team over Hunslet. There was not much bet seen them, but the former did a little more pressing than their opponents. Each side had very determined set of for- wards, and among the Hunslet men, Walsh was especi- ally prominent. The Warrington set worked extremely hard, and none more so than Turner. Fair. Turner has been fairly described as the " evergreen," and on Satur- day his display was equal to that of his best days. He along with Taylor, Sankey and Nevins formed the pick of a hard working lot. The" old uns" are apparently not done with yet.

Foden and Bate played well at half and the former had the honour of opening the scoring for Warrington dur- ing the present season. Their opponents also worked with a will, Gillings being the best of the two. The three-quarter line has been much improved by the in- clusion of O'Brien,and Barber,Burton,O'Brien,and Carey form a strong three-quarter line, but new that Broady is available, it will be still stronger. Boscow and Gold- thorpe were two backs who were exceptionally safe, but Boscow had the advantage of Goldthorpe in being able to use either foot. Goldthorpe bad more speed and the ' dropped goal he scored was a beauty, and was only equalled by the placed goal which Burton kicked for Warrington. But for the two full backs, the scoring would have been much more frequent, and the fact that only one score was made on either side is very creditable to both of them. The Warrington lines have not yet been crossed even to the extent of a minor, and this speaks well for the defence.

Hull is taken on to•day, and if Warrington can beat Hunslet, surely they can beat Hull, for whereas Huns- let were fifth, Hull tied with Wakefield Trinity for the bottom place in the Yorkshire league. This however must not make Warrington over confident, for most of the defeats which Hull suffered last year were only narrow ones, and they beat the only Lancashire club (Rochdale Hornets) they met both at home and away— at home to the extent of four goals to a try. A eood game should therefore be seen, and also a good " gate."

To do battle for Warrington to-day, the following team has been chosen; Boscow, full back; Barber, O'Brien, Burton, and Broady, three-quarters; Bate and Foden, half backs; Turner, Dakin, Berry, Bucaley,Swift, Sankey, Nevins, and Taylor, forwards.

There were ten games played in the Northern League on Saturday, all the clubs being engaged with the excep- tion of Oldham and Huddersfield. Of the ten games, six were won by the home clubs,and four by the visitors. In three of the matches, Lancashire and Yorkshire clubs were pitted against each other, and two of Lan- cashire, Warrington and Tyldeslev were successful over Hunslet and Manningham, while Leeds got the better of Leigh. Brighouse Rangers, a Yorkshire club, also de- feated Stockport. a Cheshire club. It must be admitted however, that the matches between Lancashire and Yorkshire clubs were all fought in Lancashire. The highest score on Saturday was that of Runcorn, who beat their neighbours " over the water" by 15 points to 4, but the most decisive victory was by Bradford who won by 11 points to nil. Warrington scored the nar- rowest victory.

There are 22 clubs in the Northern League, and these clubs besides forming one large league, also have two separate leagues one composed of Yorkshire clubs, and the other of Lancashire and Cheshire clubs. There- fore, whenever a Yorkshire club plays another Yorkshire club the match counts both in the Northern and York- shire league, and the same with the Lancashire and Cheshire matches.

The following is the present position of the clubs in the Northern League : Pts. Pte. Pts. Fkl. Won. Lost. Dr . For. Ag'st. Bradford Wigan 1 1 . 0 . 9 0 Tyldesley Beghouse Ran 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... ... 5 ... 0 ... Halifax Run,orn 1 1 . 0 . 15 4 St. Helens 1 Batley Leeds Warrington "[omelet Leigh Hull Rochdale if. Widnes 1 0 . 1 4 15 Li versedge 1 0 1 9 6 Stockport Manningham 1 ... 0 ... 1 ... ... 0 ... 6 ... Wakefield T 1 ... 0 ... 1 ... ... 0 .. 11 ... Oldham Huddersfield 0 ... 0 ... 0 ... ... 0 ... 0 ...

The following are the positions of the Lancashire and Cheshire Clubs up to date :

Pts. Pts. Pte. Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For. Ag'st. Wigan Runcorn

St. itelens 1 1 . 0 0 . . 8 ... 3 1-.1 Roehdale H. Widoes B'g'ht'n Ran 1 ... 0 ... 1 ... 0 0 ... 9 ... 0 Tyldesl.y Warrington Leigh Stock rod

The Yorkshire clubs come out as follows : Pte. Pte. Pti.

FM. Won. Lost. Drn. For. Ag'st. 0

B rad ford Halifax Bat ley Hull Liversedge 1......1 . Wakefi'd Trill, 1 I ... II ... 0 Huddersfield— 0 0 0 0 Wghouse Ran. 0 0 0 ... 0 Leeds Huntlat 0 Manningham 0 0 0 ... 0

CRICKET.

Cricket is now in its last- throes for the present season and to-day will practically see the close of all fixtures. Last Saturday there were very few matches, hut among them I notice that the CI, C. Engineers found lrlam too' good for them c wing in a great measure to the fact that the foothall season had beg•in and caused them to have several of their second team. The Penketh Wesleyans however came out on the right side in the match with Nutgrove Wesleyans, and the same result ensued for the Sankey Wesleyans in their match with Cairo-street Unity, although the former had several of the second team doing duty.

The Sankey Wesleyans have now completed their season's fixtures, and have had a fairly successful run, having played 16, won 7, lost 4, and drawn 5. The fol- lowing are the batting averages for the season of those who played in over five matches :

Inns. Times Most In not out. inns. Buns. Aver. 2 ... 37 ... 161 ... 11.50 1 ... 23 ... 113 ... 8-07 O ... 28 ... 38 ... 7.60 1 ... 14 ... 41 ... 5.85 O ... 17 ... 51 ... 5-10 1 ... 11 ... 25 ... 500 1 ... 14 ... 58 ... 4.14 O ... 19 ... 37 ... 4.11 1 ... 12 ... 28 ... 4-50 2 ... 8 ... 39 ... 3-90 2 ... 12 ... 20 ... 2-00 3 ... 4 ... 13 ... 144

F Taylor l6 ... .7 Booth B Pownall D Roderick R Sud Tow R Entwistle F Light B Clare o Llew-llyn It Watkins l2 ... W Bennett l2 ... 0 Pritchard

===== 0002601_18950914_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE PI

Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Coninlelion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to stay I owed. ChemiSta.Ja. led. 1

;EAU TIFUL

who use daily on the tooth brash a few drape of SOZODONT, the pleasantest deatitsice in the world.

Cleanses the teetband spaces between them as nothing else will. Bound and pearly white teeth, rosy Ups, and fraguans breath ensured. Ask for 80ZODOINIZega,

LIVER ILL-S. '! 1 - • Small Pill. BF' TEETH , 26„, BMW Dom. for gai on tho • • qi, Small Prim •4 RI Forty zt FIL Purely Vege-f table.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL

PORT OF MANCHESTER : LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC,. During the seven days ending Friday the 6th Septem- ber 152 seaeoing vessels, with a total net registered totinage of 54,862 tons entered and cleared from the post of Manchester, which includes all parts of the Ship Canal. This is an increase of 10.895 tons on the returns for t e prec.-ding period of seven days, although the vessels navigating the waterway were fewer by 28, the figures for the previ'.us week being 180 ships of 43,98? net registe,ed tons. Appended is a table showing the proportion of foreign and coastwise traffic inwards and outwards :

Inwards.

Ships. Net b.nnage. Coastwise Foreign

-- Total _72 Outwards. Coastwise Foreign

-- Total Amongst the full cargoes imported were seven of timber seven of pig-iron, three of stone, one of bog-ore, one of steel rails, one of wood-pulp, one of china clay, one o wheat, and one of malting meal. Among the export were six full cargoes of coal and one of hoop-iron, mos, of the remaining vessels bringing and taking out general cargoes. The much larger tonnage of vessels arriving coastwise than departing for home ports is explained by the fact that the large eastern liners come to Manchester to load from London' Glasgow, and Birkenhead, anti clear outwards for the Persian Gulf, Bombay, China, Am. They thus swell the coastwise arrivals and the foreign departures.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
'FAIIICLOUGII v. SHIP CANAL COMPANY.

THE RECENT ARBITRATION. " The decision of Mr. Harrison Raster in the case of Fairclough v. the Manchester Ship Canal Company is, says the " Manchester Guardian,"" one of great impor- tance to the shareholders. It is in favour of the Com- pany on all points, and it gives relief from one of those "onerous" forms of obligati m which have so often been noted. By one of those clauses in the Canal Company's Act imposed under direst necessity upon the promoters of the Canal, it was laid upon them to prove, if at any time after the commencement of their works the naviga- tion betweeir Widnes and Liverpool should become im- paired, that the injury was not caused by anything they bad done. In opening the case for the complainants council triumphantly and confidently declared the im- possibility of proving this neeltive. The circumstances A the case were these : In 1885 or 1888 Messrs. Fair- dough purchased a wharf at Widnes and built thereon a mill and warehouse. There is no doubt that whee they bought this wharf—known as Cooper's Wharf—it was accessible to vessels such as they proposed to use in conveying graie to and from Widnes and Liver- pool or Warrington. Mere is equally little doubt that after they built the wharf became less easily accessible by reason of a mudbank forming in front. The point to be decided by the arbitrator was,Had this mudbank been formed by reason of something done in carrying out the Ship Canal works ? In the minds of Messrs. Fairclough and their advisers it was simply a case of post hoc erg* pro pter hoc—the one fact had followed the other, and therefore it was assumed to have been caused by it.Thev endeavoured to show that three things done by the Cana Company might have singly or together caused the mis- chief. They had excavated some rocks in the Widnes channel known as the Snig Pie Rocks, and this had re- moved an ancient swirl of the tide which had formerly scoured the frontage of Cooper's Wharf. They had built a concrete wall along the Cheshire bank of the river to divide the river from the Canal This might have had the effect of drawing the deep- water channel fromi the Widnes to the Cheshire share. But by far the greatest importance was attached to the contention that the fresh water from the upper reaches of the river had been diverted through the Lstchford locks from its former course, and had consequently ceased to wash away any slight deposits which in former i times might have lodged n front of Cooper's W harLand- thus this bank had been allowed to accumulate until it had almost entirely impeded access to the wharf. These contentions, most ably urged by Mr. Walton-Lawson, Q.C., and Mr. Hughes, were supported by scientific witness of eminence and by Mr. Richard Fairclough and other practical men. The defence of the Company, in the hands of Mr. Balfour Brown, Q C., and Mr. J. F. Byrne, was that this mudbank had constantly forered from time to time, to a greater degree no doubt in some years than others, and long before Faircloughs had ac- quired Cooper's Wharf had occasionally been removed by artificial means. 7he former occu- pant of the wharf, Mr. Gandy, testified that the bank had frequently formed during his occu- pation. Another witness testified that he had been em- ployed in former years to clear the bank with a huge rake drawn by ropes attached to a locomotive engine. It was also proved that the Sankey brook was formerly diverted by some fixed erection termed a" stank " 80 as to wash away the upper portion of this mudbank directly above the wharf. As to the diversion of the main channel, it was proved by the charts of the Mer- sey Conservancy taken during thirty years that the chanoel had wandered about the estuary in the mast fit- ful and unaccountable manner, sometimes hugging the Laneashire, sometimes the Cheshire shore, and some- times meandering in every conceivable intermediate course. Sir Leader Williams,Sir Benjamin Baker,Mr.G. H. Hill, Mr. Vernon Harcourt, and other witnesses testi- fied that the removal of the Snig Pie Rocks and the building of the Canal wall along the Cheshire bank could have had no possible practical effect in producing a mudbank at this particular spot or withdrawing the deep water channel across the bed of the estuary. But, strong as was this evidence of the hol- howness of the claim set up,the final touch was given to the case by Mr. Balfour Brown in dealing with the strong point of the complainants—the abstrac- tion of water. This was done by reading one of the complainant's letters dated in June, 1891, which set forth the injury then sustained, the depth of mud in front of the wharf, the consequent difficulty of access—in fact, all that was alleged as the cause of action. It was per- fectly clear that all the harm done, if any, had been done before that date, but, unfortunately for the com- plainant's case, no water was diverted through the Latchford locks and Ship Canal before the following November, when, it will be remembered, a great flood broke down the barriers and the intended diversion of the water was anticipated. Under the circumstances, and in face of the evidence, it is difficult to see how the arbitrator could have come to any other decision than that arrived at, and it is doubtful whether, if the obli- gation had rested in the ordinary way upon the cora- plaiaant to prove his case, the action would ever have been brought. Had Messrs. Fairclough succeeded, the result would have been calamitous to the Canal. The remedy provided in the Act, if the Company had been found liable, involves the dredging of a deep-water channel to one or other of their locks and keep- ing this open at all times, the free use of the Canal as an alternative waterway, and free towage through the Canal to Eastham ; and if the decision had ben adverse to the Company it would have been liable to an indefinite number of claims from all who now or at any future time should possess wharves in these lower reaches of the river. The case occupied eight days in hearing, and from the number and eminence of the witnesses on either side and the counsel engaged it must have involved very great expense. It is to be hoped that the result may deter further attempts to extort ad- vantage by reason of terms, inequitable in themselves* which ought never to have been inserted in the Act, and never would have been but for the Otero ~tive being pre- sented—" accept this clause or lose the c sts of a Parlia- mentare campaign." ^ --------

Braithwzite's Retrospect of Medicine says : ' Cadbury's Cocoa is an invaluable addition to our dietet.c resource n the treatment of all digestive dlsorders."—Advt.

. , . - . ---..r- .k. --_-_,---- OCKATOO :. s,- . ( ~...S .

"The most marvellous soap of the age for Laundry, Bath, Toilet. Disinfects rapidly, Antiseptic. Non-injurious, washea without rubbing or labour. Saves blueing. Cures Rheumatism. Refreshes the Skin. Wholesale Agents in Warrington, N B. P.RRCIVAL and Co. Sole Mager, F. L. BARTBLT Reynsham, Bristol."

===== 0002601_18950914_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
"DID SHE ? "

" Yes, she went back home to him from her mother's that very night, for he just sent her a little packet o' tea and wrote on ' Come back, Ruth. and I'll stick to this.' And that bit o' Brooke, Bond's tea-wrapper has looked out of the corner of the old clock's face ever since, for tiveen years, reminding 'em every time they want t. see What's o'clock. Yes, Rath 's husband did stick to his promise, and for sixteen years they've been the h ppieet couple in the counts', and, every time they see a Brooke, Bond packet, they just bless it as the good old peace- maker. Now I don't mind telling you as that young man was me : and Ruth, bless her good heart, has gone rotmd with our two youngest kids, to the Agent's for the usual quarter-pound. This little bit of real life tails Its own tale and YOU will pick up its moral when you buy your next packet o' BROOKE, BONDS'. Our Agents are everywhere

and sell the sort Ruth likes best at ls. Bd. a lb., but we have other sorts from Is. to 2s. Bd., and so we suit everybody's purse.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
IROOKE, BOND et CO., LTD.

T/111 LANOASEIIIIE TEA WAREHOUSFS 17, PICCADILLY, 29. 51.A.Rx ET STREET} "NCHRSTHR

===== 0002601_18950914_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1I

===== 0002601_18950914_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
h•miA

===== 0002601_18950914_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
ht Orainintr " g,ertet

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. Coming under the following beads Are inserted In ALL th above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WAN . ED, APARTMENTS W ANTED , MONEY WANTED, PICLEIC ARTICLES FOB SALT BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 ...... 36 45 ....... 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2.5. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
omtatt Rnr3ants, Su.

IV ANTED. a General -ERVANT.— Apply 73, SELVICESPERE- ST., Chorlton-on-Idedlock, 3.lanchester. ... good iglield,

COOK.—WANTBD early in October, a Addreas.—MßL DICKSON, Bprin.'

plain COOK; , Chester.

WANTED, strong, active person as GENERAL SER- VANT.—AppIy Mrs. SHILITO, Manor Farm, Garforth, Leeds.

WANTED GENERAL SERVANT who can wash —Arply at CAMBRIDGE VILLA, Upper Chorlton-road, Man- chester.

ANTRD, respectable GIRL. about sixteen. good mi ker. —Mn. SADLER, Park lane Farm, Whitefield. near Manchester.

-WANTED strong young OHNBRAL in small family, comfortable home.-44, nauaLow-sx., Eccles Rey- road, Salford.

WANTED. GENERAL SERVANT, must be good plain cook. wages £l6 ; man kept —Mrs. HEWITT, Booths- town, near Manchester.

WVWANTED, ImmediAtelv Cooks, Generals. and Housemaid- Waitress. Wages 12 to £2O —REGISTRY. 51, Church- strett. figremont, Cheshire.

WANTED. Strong GENERAL, over 20 good wages, geod character indispensab HADFIELD, Ribble View, Ornaskirk.

SIMVANTS WANTED with Rood references for all kinds of situations. —Apply MIMS CHARLES, Select Registry, Legh-st -eet, Warrington.

GENERAL SERVANT WANTED, over 16. family of three. Washing at home, good place to clean, honest, obliging country girl —Address or apply' 7. ORFORD-STREET, Waver- tree, Liverpool.

DAMSEL ISLE OF MAN Mona Ville, first-class 80, RD lt I G ESTABLISHMENT, facing sea; near pier; tennis courts. golf. /Ix. Table d' Rote 7. Tariff.

Cipartments, furntshtb 30 ousto , Su.

APARTMENTS TO LET. or Purnishe3 HOUSE, bath near sea and station.—Mrs. HUGHES, Wave Crest, Wan Conway.

SOI7THPORT,--29. Bath st , near Pier and Promenade, Comfortable APARTMENTS, terms moderate.—Mrs. WINNILL.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; one minute from station.—Mus. MICKEY. 137, Talbot-road, corner Cook son-atreet.

MISS PLIMMER, Rydal House. 18, Great Marton-road, Blackpool, near Central Station. Apartments. Piano.

COLWYN and NORTE WALES COAST. For Furnished houses to let, apply to F. DEW, Land Agent, Colwyn Bay.

BLACKPOOL.—Miss A. MATTHEIVMAN. 24, Adelaide- reet, near Central Station. Public and Private apart- ments.

HBSWALL HILL, overlooking the Dee. a detached COT- TAGE TO LET furnished, or would be WED.—Fox, Penlea, Heswall.

B LACKPOOL.—Persons recruiting heitith, com'ortable APARTNIBNTS ; reduced winter terms; bath, piano.— MRS. BALL, 49, Woodfield-road, South Shore.

BLACKPOO CATtow, 59, Chapel-st. Public and and Private Apartments ; terms moderate ; home comforts ; three minutes walk from entral Station and sea.

Eibt.gaork, &r.

(NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS, NO OIL. Burning the New Smokeless Fuel See the latest before you purchase. IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons entirely superseded. A self -heating iron for 5s Thousands selling. Supplied on apptoval. SHOWROOMS. 41, DEANSGATE (opposite tram office) I DALHAM ENGINEERING WORKS, Great Bridgewater-street, Oxford-stree

===== 0002601_18950914_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
:RAL (from 20 to 24) WANT]

ID for private

Ur family with two boys, must have pi-0d character.— Address, stating vriges, MRS. MtiLLRR, 46, Station-road South Shore, Blackpool.

Air ALE and FEMALE NURSES tr,TITUTION, 70, i_Hope- street, Liverpool.—Eatabl shed 1878.—For reliable A: tendants Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses. Massage. apply or telegr ph.—" Nurses," liverpool. lelepbone 570.

Manttb.

AGVENTS WANTED to posh first class Machinery Oils. Liberal Commission.—Box 31, Pest Office. Liverpool.

WANTED HOUSE NENTS,and ACCOUNTS to Collect.— J. WADSWORTH, Estate Agent, 119 Mersey-street, Warringt n.

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Buxton Cherley

MMASONS Wanted. at DAVID Turms and So2fs. St. Paurs-rrad, Preston. None but competent banker bands need apply; 9d. per hair; no strike.

AGENTS Wantedto sell Importer's Blend " packet Teas, Coffee; splendid profits ; quick returns ; price list free, —S•romic AND Co„ 171, Lambeth-w.lk, London., S.B.

AGBSTS WANTFD by a Popular Friendly Society throughout Lancashire ; successful men appointed District Managers at early dstes —Address in confidence, MANAGER, care Of FIELDING. 168, Frog-lane, Wigan.

WANTED LIFE POLICIES, Reversions, Life Interests. purchased outright, or mortgages arranged speedily at 3 per cent. to 5 ter cent. Particulars and Forms 3 stamps, Arra) & Co., 70, Victoria-stre.d. Liverpool.

CIVIL and Electrical Mrtvineering.—Vacancy for Pupil in the Office of the lingineer and Surveyor to the Bar- mouth District Council; sewer s.ge waterworks. c. ; prepara- tion for professional examinations. --Address Mr. T. BLACK- ZURN, civil engineer, Barmouth, North Wales.

WANTED. for a large chemical works in Lancashire. a thoroughly experienced FOREMA for Sulphuric Acid manufacture. Must be capable of taking entire charge of acid plant, consuming 120 tons ore per week. Teetotaller preferred. Liberal wages given for thoroughly efficient man. —Address, stating are, experience, working results obtained, and references, to "Chemicus" Examiner Office. Warrington.

IFI3 INSURANCH.—A fit-ciass Corn ,any Is open to appoint a superintendent for Warrington and district. A liberal salary, Ac. wi:l be raid to a suitable man. A gentleman with good connections and a smart business man required.—Reply, stating terms required, qualifications. record, de., in the first Instance to "Insurance "care LEE AND NIGHTINGALE, Advertising Agents, Liverpool.

EADE'S GIOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED.

EADE'S pILLs. FADE'S piLLS.

107. Jubilee-terrace. Wolverhampton- road , Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1893. Hear Sir,-1 write to thank you for the very great amount of benefit I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Rheumatic Pills. lam glad to think I am able to write, as had it not be,rs for your grand Pills I ahould have been unable to do so„ and am quite certain I SHOULD NOW BB ILL IN BBL). G°' 'am extremely thankful, as I can still keep at my work. I shall use R HBUMA.TIS3I every endeavour to mak 3 your Pills more widely known. You G°U7 may use this how you think pro- per.—l remain, yours faithfully, RH E GALATI 31 B. GUEST. _ _ _

EADE'S pILLS.

" Mr. G. nace."

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

Prepared only by George Bade, 72, Goewell-road, London, E.G.; and Sold by all Cbeintsts, In Bottlee, is. ltd. and 2s. 9d.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared from Herbs and 'Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR.

COUGH AND VOICE WAYER.S, Prepared onl by GEORGE BADE, 72. GOBWEL -ROAD. LONDON. And sold everywhere n Tins Is lk each. Post free from the Proprietor on receipt of Starnpe or r )stal Order.

I) AY, SON, AND HE WITT' •• oRtcaNAL' AND CRLDRAT ED

LA.MBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores. Wounds, and tilwollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism, Price 2s. 6d..38. 6d., and 7s. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, lie' Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk Fever and Quarter 11l (Price 3s. 61. per dozen .Ewes),l3s, per dozen (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID Cures Prottrateci Cows and Ewes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scour or Diarrhcea, and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appeti-e, Price ls. 9d. per bottle, 20s. per dozen.

THE GASEODYNE,

Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhcea andWenn. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving. For Diflainmatory Colic and Lung D.sorders. Price 3s, 6d. per bottle,

-- SPECIAL CALVING AND LAMBING CHESTS, with "Key to Farriery," complete £3 3s, and £1 10s. Car- rte Paid. Pamphlet on Rearing of Calves and •' Lambing and Calving Disorders," gratis and post free. ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY.

ROYLE'S

STOVES.

PATENTS.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 14, 1895.

SAVE 25 PER CENT. FURNISH AT WORSLEY'S, "THE PANTHEON. GrAYTHORN, MANCHESTER ESTABLISHED 54 Yii3ARS. SHOWROOMS COVERING NEARLY ONE MILLION SQUARE FRET.

THE MOST COLOSSAL FURNIQHING ESTABLISHMENT

IN TE NORTH. SPECIALITH: HIGH CLAS SECOND-HAND FURNITURS. FUR z ruitu by JAMES LAMB, HEIN CY OGDEN and SONS, GOODALLS, GILLOWS of Lanca,ter, GARNE M.; of Warrington, CUTTS It of Liverpool, S HOO L BRE D of London, STARKEY & MELD of Altrincham, CHAMBULAIN of Birmingham, and other High-else Houses. TERMS CASH OR DEFISRRED PAYMENTS. All goods are advertised at cutting prices, being in most cases 50 percent. below ordinary city price, for cash. If by- deferred payments, no differ nce is made in tbe invoice price. but a slight per centage is chargel according to the length of Credit; desired As compared with the hire system this saves from 10 to 2 0 percent.

WERKLY elf 1.--8 kCOND-HASO FURNITURE.— Benjamin Franklin said a penny saved is a enny made. This is an obvious truism, awl ought to be borne in mind by all, rict and po r. B -tat 'The Pantheon" i is not only a question of saving pennies, but • 1 pounds. House Furnishing is thie of the important e o he in every family, well deserving car-fui thought. If you can economise with- out detriment to qu ,lity and stability, then by all means de so, and you cannot practice this theory better than by paying a vie to' The Pantheon," which will cost nothing, but profit you much. One of the most interesting sights in the Fur- nishing World is • The Panne n," a busy hive of indastry, Containing without fear of contradiction, th ee to four tim-s the stock of any two of the larzest furnishing houses in Man- chester. The bulk of this stock Is High-ciass Second-hand Ferniture 5y high-class makers, at quarter the price of the poor miu•rable, veneered orange box furniture from the East End of London, now so largely retailed by drapers. Beware of purchasing London • urniture ; it lacks stability and finish. A Good Second-nand Artittle is w •rth a hundred of spurious imitations of furniture made in East Low lon. Worsley's can supply you with all you require in furnishing, by aul I makers as Lambs. Gillows, or Garnet, at prices simply pul- -1 veilsin r competition. For instance, as a simple barg.in you can obtain a Fine Bideb ,ard by I Myestems which coat 85, for £l6 ; what chance has the cumpetition of new furniture against bargains like thes. 1 If you go to an auction room and buy you take the risk yourself as to whether your pur- &Lases are sound ,nd durable, but at Worsisy's you have no risk, Worsley's rub oiutely taking all risk, guarantee every article for ten years. and will take any article or articles bark n-t giving satisfaction. It will cost you nothini to call at " The Pantheon,'"and see for youreelves ; you CAR inspe‘t wi.hout feeling compelled to purchase; they will be delighted to show 3ou round wheih-r you buy or rot. Under the, e circumstan es you will be guilty of criminal. wilful neglig- ence of your own interests if you neglect visiting Worsiey's before deciding where tr Furnish.

ONLY ONIG WORSLRYS IN TRH WORLD. GRIMY BARGAINS IN COMPLIITH HOUSES OF FURNIIVER.

THE GREATEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD. --

COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE.

Lot 1. l,plendid House of Furniture, complete, the most substantial lot in this city, and containing more for the money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant either,l the frames beauti- ful!, carved in bas relief; has comfortable couch and luxuri- ously upholstered easy chaii is. a heavy dining table to u.atch. extends to dine 10, with incised early English legs in patent castors; a handsame Fenian bordered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fender,fire brasses and dogs complete ; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Notting am lace curtains ; and las whi.di is thrown in gratis and is in addi- tion to what any competitor could do, simply for an adver- isement, a handsome Arnericen walnut sideboard, lathe Renaissance style, to mach the dining-room suite. The Bedroom •.uite is solid Cypru , wood anot Is a suite which can be highly recommended. guaranteed for 10 years, being charged in some establishments as much a . we ask for the who,e of this house of furniture; a handsome solid brass and e,a/ ailed bedstead, with complete fitti.,gs of mattress and bedding; there are the usual accessories for bedroom—carpets, curtains, fender, chamber ware, ttc. Also Kitchen Furni- ture consisting of the usual chairs, b, avy !lite top table, fender, aslaDan, and lop bar, iloorcimh for kitchen, landing, and hall. I a 11l pack and deliver the lot for 21i guineas, 10 per cent, extra if by defer', d payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition ; if you approve buy, if , you don't there is no harm done.—W 0 RSLRII 'S.

Lot 2. A Splendid House of Furniture for £4O. solid oak and walnut, heavy massive furniture throughout. in capital condition, worth £BO, dining-worn, two bedrooms, kitchen, hall stairs, and landing ; a great bargain. Lot 3. A workingman's House of Furniture for £l5 ; a splendid bargain. There is better stronger, and more furni- ture in this lot than many competitors offer for £3O. . .

Lot 4. The best House of leurrniture for £69 ever offered Same quantity as Lot 2, but higher class, except that we ar, prepared, as an advertisement, to present a pianoforte with this lot or its vane. This offer holds good for 14 days only. Lot 5. And last, but not least, we have a magnificent House of Furniture, depAited by the executors of a deceased gentleman of Alderley, with us for immediate disposal. Price for the lot, £2OO. Contains superb furniture for draw- ing, dming sitting, and three bedroln,s ; kitchen. hill, stairs. landing ; besides sundries ; honestly worth £SCO. Full ant comple e particulars on application.

GREAT BARGAINS IN !DI NING-ROOM FURNITURE LOT 113. A remarkably handsome carved oak Dining- room Suite, in morocco, hair stuffed, bold, massive, ansi ha.idsorne ; Couch, two easys, six ch.drs, six feet sideboard. eight-feet dining r able, fine bold overmantel, coal cal.inet, the lot complete for £45; worth £2OO. —WDESIAA'S. LOT 212. A capital solid a meriean Walnut Dining-room Suite, in best English Morocco, hair stuffed throughout, the framework is h avy, magnificently car ced in bas relief, consists or broad comfortab.e couch, pair of luxuriously up- holstered easy chairs, a set of six high-padded back standard single chairs, all upholstered in a rich wine-coloured turkey grain Morocco, beautifully banded and studded, cost £7O ; price £l5 155., guariinte,id for 10 years. The sideboard is of solve proportions, of modern design, well equipped with every moiern convenience, early English design, fitted with broad deeply-cut bevelled edge mirrors of great lustre and brilliancy, cost £65, for 16 grain • as. A massive handsome Din ng Table, £3 10s. , cost £l2 10s., and Overmantel, which miitches the sideboard, for £5 10s„ worth £25. All the above in splendid conditi .--WO RS L S.

GREAT BARGAINS IN DRAWING-ROOM FURNI- TURE.

Lot 517. A pretty Drawing-room Suite, Chippendale. of unique design, being t xquisitely carved and inlaid, torming a charming recherche suite, covered in dedcate silk tapes- try, consists of suite, cabinet, overmant el, coal cabinet, and three occasional tables. The lot for £45, or will be sold ieparate. A great bargain; wed worth £lOO.

GREAT BARGAINS IN BEDROOM SUITES,

L0t759. High-class Seeond-hand Bedroom Sulte,by Henry Ogden and Sons, clownish Nlahvgany, consisting of lit. Spanish mahogany wardrobe, rich in colour, modern fittings, worth £75, for £3O. Pair of the handsomest stands to match In Manchester; dretsing table bit., washstand 4ft. 6in, for 18i guineas, worth £95. Lot 791, A gr.ind Bedroom Suite by Todd, in American walnut, richly and teolusely carved in bas relief ; a suite greatly admired. Wardrobe is a masterpiece of design and workmanship beautifully finished inside with modern con- veniences, Dressing table is mounted with large swing bevel- led mirror and jewel drawers. Washstand fitted with Carrara marble slab and back, three chairs, towel raii, and table de nuit complete, a very charming and effective suite ; price only 18 guineas ; worth trebIe.—VVORSLEY'S. Lot 782. A simiatr Suite to Lot 791, same number of pieces for 10 gutneas ; cost £35. WOBSLHY S. A wonderful bar- gain. Lot 793. A genuine Sheraton Bedroom Suite. 61t. Bin.,cost i 1250, or £59 iss. ; a real gem, worth seeing , first come, first seryed.—WORSLEY'S, Lot 891. American Ash Be lroom Suite, cost £75, by Hud- son, £22. Similar to lot 863. Lot 897. Spanish Mahogany Wardrobe, break front, project- ing: centre door, with full length crystal bevelled mirror. booinageet idL arnawg ienrgs draw, upra rttramyesn, ttshi nre et h leo wn ude;s7 vweerrys twlbrnai deguissiEotl rxrni neTc'e d.t ws,f for L£u`. n 501 s PIANOS. worth £5O. WORSLBY'S " TimIiimPcAZITIBEOR.N ," GIYTHOHN, - - -

MUSICAL CHAT.—The approach of the winter season is ' now causing flutters of excitement amongst young and old.aS toarrangements for musical enjoyment. The selection of a good musical instrument, in 99 cases out of a hundred, is a Pianoforte, and no more important purchase could be made. To possess an interior instrument is to harbour a constant pest to yourself and a nuisance to everyone else ; to buy a good planof drte is to make a good bid for personal comfott and enjoi, ment, and a constant source of pleasure to all your friends. A word of advice on the selection of a Pianoforte may be acceptable ; if so, then unless you can go to a high price, don't ourchase a new instrument, especially a cheap German. Going to o high price means purchasing a first-class piimo by a first-class maker such as Erard, Steinway. Bro wood, Collai,d, Bechstein, lbach, B inSmead, and Kirkman. Worsley's, of Gaythorn, can remedy both the highprice and the miseral Is, cht ap new rubbish, by submitting for salellEigh. class Second-hand Pianofortes, by the above makers, at even- less cost than many inferior cheap Germans. Every Piano forte is warranted, and exchanged if not app,oved. Inspec• Gott Invited; please yourself whether yon boy or Lot. Es- tablished 1841, Worsley's save 5 per cant in Pianos. Lot 131. Magnificent Red ibach, powerful; cost £BO, for £29. Lot 135. Splen6id Broadwood, nearly new; cost £75, for 19 guineas. Lot 154. Really fine Collard and Collard Piano; cost £1.:0, for £25. Cheap. Lot 181. A Grand Cottage Piano, by Brlnsmead; cost £95, for £lB. . Lot 192. Magnificent Ebonised Piano, by Jauko ; cost £250, for £3O. Lot 220. A Handsome Rosewood Cott sge, by Chappel ; for £l2, cost £5O. Lot 223. The Handsomest and Best Pianoforte in Man- chester for £2B, being worth from £7O to £80; it Is by Erard, the noted maker, almost new, in splendid condition, full compass, 7 octaves, iron frame, with latest improvements. Guaranteed. Only requires inspection to effect a sale.— WOrsley's. Lot no. First-class Collard and Collard, full compass ; Cost £6O, for £l5. Lot 241. Powerful-tone Justin Browne Piouo ; worth £75, for 18 guineas. Lot 257. Excellent Plano, by Bord, Paris; cost £6O, for 18 guineas. Lot 6.60 to 281. A Grand Lot of Bargains, consisting of 21 Pianos, all second-hand, all good, and warranted ; maker and pTices only quoted to save space; 260 by Tomkinaon, cost £6O, for £7 10s. ; 261 by Broadwoed, coat £4O, for £2 15s. ; 262 by Collard, cost £BO, .or £lO ; 263 by Oliver, cost £4B, for £7 15s. ; 264 by ajello, cost 260. for £lb; 265 by Bishop, for £l7 10s., worth 250 ; 266 by 13611ingall, cost £45, for £6; 267 by Cadby, cost £5O, for £6 10s. ;268 by Kirkmatu, cost £7O, for £l2 106. ; and the rest varying from 30s. to £lO 10s. All good instruments.

ATII. WORSLEY, V V • THE PANTHEON, GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. (Olose to Central Station.) Open Every Day, 9to 7.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
4aisrtUantous.

BPLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates _LP &C.—CHARLES R. BALL, 5.3 Paradise-st., Liverpool.

A BOUT 10 tons Bran Siftings, 25s On, sacks included in Liv.rpool.—Taoscis H. FREAN, 17, Brunswick- treet, Liverpool.

O_OLF BALLS re-male and guaranteed. Returned 2s. per d z. Unbrrakableclubs, the cheapest and beat 1,, the trade. Hole cutters, tins, flags. Ac.—Watsuorr, Musselburgh.

I/ sALR,DIUMRI3 WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to 3. HOMING, 16, Fenwic,,-street, Liverpool.

TIOR SALE, 5 HOUSES,Francea-terrace, Lovely-lane, War rington. In good repair, low ground rent.—Apply J. LOW/LAND, Sogeitor, Union-at., Warrington.

OODWILL, Fixtures, and Stock of BOOT SHOP and Lk established Repairing Factory. in good neighbourhood —Apply D. BLENKSTuNE, 12, Hall-lane, Liverpool.

BABGAIN.--:.ix Freehold HOUSES, rentals £7B, small chief, price £sso.—Apply HARLEY, Walmer-villa, Sea- forth, Liverpool.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS m Its. SMITH ERS, Granu-daughter of the Widow in_ Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and ge,mine Family Recipe. Its ;;,mt celebrity for all Female Complaints hasobtained ;or it a most extensive and Inc easing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION —To be careful that whet they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers who is trio only person in possession o the ORIEL' NAL RECIPE. The gmuine are wr ppe 1 in Blue Paper, ana signed in the outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names 01 the sole wholesale Agents, "W. EDWARDS AND SOX, 157, Queen Victoria-st," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Government Stamp. Sold in boaes at Zs 9d., each, by most Chemists.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
iHarbtnerp, &r., on 'alt.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
O N BALE, GOOD VERTICAL 111/011911 (4h.-p ) and boiler in working order. No reasennble offer refused. —Apply Ez,ntines Office, Runcorn.

pORTABLB ENGINES, from 2to 8 h.-p. from £2O each. ; also Eight h.eshing Machines and Elefatnrs ; Trac- tion Engines 6 and h-p —Aridre s FOLEY BIM., Bourne.

GRATEFUL. COMFORTING.

BREAKFAST-SUPPER. BOILING WATIIR OR MILK.

.4,41113 up win mat.

By Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

Ea be let.

GOOD GRAZING. cheap.—Apply W. Mims, 2. George- street, off Bewsey-road, Warrington. LliT.—Good WORKSHOP, Orford-st.—Apply ABET() 1. and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

910 LET.—Good HOUSE, 37, Hopwood-street, 3 bedoooms .1 Apply ASHTON and WOODS, solicitor, Horeemarket-st. Warrington.

HOUSES TO BE LET, in Legh-street, Bar`stown Miss WINSTANLEY, Newten-le-Willows.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, Is EADE'S ANTIBILIOLTS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition o the LIVER relieve the system of all impurities, match. by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KtDNEYS, tuad, by removing the causes ef so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind.

-- FADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, Is. If d. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GBOROB BADB 72, GOSWELL-BOAD, LONDON, B.C. EA DE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge, full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which during an extensive practice, both at homo and In the Colonies, he ha ff never known to fail in the most OBSTINATE CASES of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send adQressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so-called Remedies, Acc., which, in the majority of cases, are nothing but PUR- GATIVES, and cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9, Erskine Street, Liverpool

, . • • • • ; •

===== 0002601_18950914_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
COC 0 A

===== 0002601_18950914_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WrOOLS, WORSTEDS, KNITTED HOSIERT DIRECT F OM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, NEM, AND CO., SPINNERS AND MANUFAC.TURERS, TILE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCIt, Have Opened a Branch of the

AND

I .

SCOTCH WOOL & 110-lERY STOHO AT

375 BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGI ON.

For the Sale- of the Celebrated ORB/MOCK WOOLS and KNITTED HOSIERY' at" SHAWSWATIIII DRESS FABRICS. These (31cYjd' 3rEd well knuwn and largely used In every Town In SdOt and England.

PATTERNS AND PRIDE LIST SUPPLIED POI'

Over 70 Branches In the Principal, Scotch and Baglish 141*/128.

VR. SCOTT'S PILLS, 041, prepared withont Mercury, are invaluable to all Wi_fi,ipro, from BILIOUS al d LIVER COMPLAINTS, DaMOESTIOO,,,,s, GT SPASMS, NEXVOUS DEPRESSION, IRMA/1101Y' APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN. CiIDVINESS. R. SCOTT'SPILLs SCOTT'S, 0„„..i.- as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT theMEDlDTlVE"Venotortlaeb. being mild in their operation and grateful to tsecret , They give a healthy tone and vigour to the differen Liver to • causing the necessary organs of the stotteleb,,ometble_ resume their activity, thus restoring the aePe'"*" digestion and strengthening the v, hole system' • , Ro Ocurrs rres°" , er sheuld be kept at band by all newts of MaNebold, —, of these —do to on any slight occasion of ailing on the Par" 'jar Action th ir charge as by pitying severe • the Stomach, Liver auct Bowels, manY a - avoided or mitigated. zreen Paicksagfe' The Genuine are wrapped In a equare,..-”,,Rt 17 bearing the name of the prom iet W. LA 34 I 34 stantp • !flour Place, London W. Br post for 14 or attention to the reite illness is ,

T t-I E EX A 111. IN Ell. SATURDAY, SErriontEß 14' 1895.4

Prade Prospects. is a slow but steady development 8 which Bhoaavred beenof Tproacibefi hae-sa 'to revival the was notea ; few e commencement of which f. months ago. The exports for the Angast cid , were of the estimated value 7134 t_bis 6y year proportion of 234, 11,305, which is an increase of £2,972'ne re lteop mi indicate a ot ef the ttrhea ,(17. nie ef fact, the however,meveaae i a thatd 1., at cent. tn those of 1894, or at the rate of over iderabo• ocoto:e. beaul importation of wheat and meal does not Pre uth iqualified satisfaction. To the farmer, d abet tressful condition of whom so much be heardwi lately, ,t will give no satisfaction at all, a anc, regard to the country generally. there h,4, i with .13special pleasure to be derived from figu a res w'ib-0 how that, month by month, we are getting ri food dependent upon foreign count ;be m ; d stuffs. This continual increase in f imports of wheat and flour will, we IneY sure, have a tendency to stiroulate into activity those those alarmists who are fond of prof:6oCE ing that Great Britain could be " starved le; submission "in a few weeks in the event of bostl fleets getting the upper hand on the high Bertlw Pb e substantial increases in the value of the materials for textile manufactures and chere i --ot mported may, on the other hand, be vievie.di,n•est only with perfect composure but with the ii 0f pleasure. The demand for larger quantitieeoi.nto raw material in the textile trades evidently p to busier times in the mills of Lancashire cr Yorkshire and other parts of the countrY, et' tile a matter of fact the exports of yarns and telYef fabrics were valued at £9,451488 in the Augas for this year as compared with 28,228,873. A's b", the chemicals, was it not Lord BEAOONSriST'D once referred to a growing demand for these P of ducts as an infallible indication a the return good trade ? That Tory leader, it is true, wa; not a very reliable authority in Inatt,es of trade and commerce, but it was shrewd)? 51,--ac; pected that on that particular occasion he wore thgli been" prompted" by men who knew t he did himself. On the present occasion, o•tas levents, there will he a unanimous desire that demand for chemicals, even if they be ,ferteing chemicals, portends a revival of trade. 'a..., fit to the exports it is found that these are give" tbo the declared value of £20,481,494 for AOl of year as compared with £18,581.240 in :r t°° ten 1894, showing an increase at the rate of f wtho per cent. This is certainly a very large gr;° d ope exports, but it is advisable to bear in In'll,itiocs circumstance that has been pointed out by c3l ..,„ or statisticians, namely, that there for three special reasons which it is tinn°cesssrYnoro the Okrins enumerate, an exceptional slackness in trade of August last year. But, Okra: an- every necessary allowance, there has been. 8i tbe doubted enlargement of the export trade ° the country. This is shown by the figures Orville, first eight months of this Year: a lot contrasted with the figures for the same P"'°,,,ight year. In 1894 the total exports for the fill° of months of the year were of the veil to. £143,863,251; for 1895 they areeunte beeo £147,158,497. The largest increases have 0100 in yarns and textile fabrics, but there haVe_., to been noticeable improvements ,in regsrull for machinery and mill-work and in general I die. factures, There have been many doleful ',ref the tions of the more or less speedy collapse this cotton industry of Lancashire, but °feria, is much-threatened branch of British rnalleet„:esail still more than holding its own. The "Yeu'', the with the whit money" has not yet force" orr spinner and the weaver into the ranks of alb employed, and as a matter of fact it is set for ~hot plain figures in these Board of Trade returns ti that there has been an actual increase in the quaf aS of English cotton goods sent to China' ~Jcistand there has been an increase in value of woe"e— bole worsted yarns sent to America. On the 005 g i 0 o these latest returns are distinctly from the point of view of the British trader.

"On the marching capacityohovEvahoiaTfyieotrhbeeoefoLotnod-dely.oes"PaPers. March." have been aking r -,` mather invittre recent that t hme a n troopsc eo f utvhr Sm who s ous compari to' " sons between , of the British soldiers of d and that of his predecessor advantage , much to th° cl. ay .d It is °ale engaged lo distinctll in the New Forest failed to meet the test they were subjected ceror Loi. o , The test so far as marching Was enti a consisted in covering eleven or twelve miles Cia:t . for a number of consecutive days, and oarrY,iiitat the same time a full equipment. It

JO

===== 0002601_18950914_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
toms of the regiment hopelessly failed to accom- plish the task, and after the first forty-one miles ClaYa halt had to be called, or, it is alleged' the co naeqsenceswc uld have been serious." There are various theories put forward to account for the laresk-clown. By ssme it is said that the army is teernited with mere boys who can hardly stan 1113 tinder a soldier's equipment weighing forty P4)111143 ; others say that it is duo to the incon- Nietit uniform, and a large nuinber are of Gl}ioion that the " ammunition" boot is the cause vytiost of the mischief. Tie machine-made boot Wefell is served out to HER MAJESTY'S soldiers is, Weold seem, sometimes little better than an attement of torture. According to Lord RALPH h) who reported on the mauccuvres in Ire- the soldier's boot is radically de- -li/e,as the leather is too hard and the sole too —64 The boot, it is alleged by some of War Office administration is riot 74de for the foot, but the foot is expected to ac- tandate itself to the boot. 04 the other hand, ftentioned that the old and experienced 801- 74 has little trouble with his foot-gear. He eunaetirnes spend days in getting it into Otder, and he is acquainted with a pre- 11,14ati°4 of which castor oil is the princi- ingredient, which has a wonderful effect tihit,fterling the sturiborn upper-leather and in Pliable the too rigid sole. It is said that lute German soldier, who is supposed to know itiettrYthhig that is worth knowing in connection sral equipments, prefers a boot that is too large for him and he fills in the 11114aerstices with suit Material such as rags or evern fortl• But this is a sacrifice of elegance to coin- orß le which may not commend itself to -i fa.stidious British warrior. However, *llatev er may be the cause of ftt illte at the N ,w Forest manceuvres—whether the 414 with "Tommy Atkins" himself or with his Itch -4(3'1111d • quite clear that this kthiee,_ of (10.8, It Is : e,„ efficient marching is important enough 'll for the attention of the military authorities kaall°c)n as the question of the Commander-in-Chief ea 4 beee finally disposed of. That British soldiers ttlarch as well as the soldiers of any nation has I(' proved often enough. Tile celebrated march 144, aedahar by the army of ten thousand fightinp, Ito: under Sir FREDERICK (now Lord) tou:tlirvls is still well remembered in this Of On that occasion a distance three hundred miles was covered in ita,:tlgt? days, and therefore the average distance teen miles a day. At the end of that Ittc,;°. eY, which was accomplished in a hot climate It' the face of many impediments, there were 3" eighty-six out of the total of nearly four pl:113411d Europeans who needed medical treat- t. The military history of India affords 'Y other instancw of the endurance of British 4oldis, 44 Ili, and during the Peninsular War there was Itootahle instance in which troops under Goneral tp,44T CRAWFORD marched a distance of sixty- ° Miles in twenty-six hours.

rather 14f„ Startling resolution will be brought up e the Board of Guardians at their next meet- ts:lb, the Rev. J. H. Itiddette. He proposes that ,°firmary Building Committee be instructed to tCs`cler the desirability or otherwise of converting kte, Padgate schools into an infirmary. The Board e had the question of an infirmary before them Considerable period, but the proposal of the T gentleman will come as a surprise to most \le. The Padgate schools will no doubt serve 4., Well as an infirmary, but what. does 31r. Rid- 's Pm lireee Pose to do with the children who are at at n 1 the industrial schools? The'r Ittiv e are Worse paid occupations than those of tllat?cers to the Crown. It appears from a return qta been issued that in the year 1894-5 the 4; of £14,019 G. 11d. was received by the Attor- tik",!ellerid, while in 1893-4 £20,25535. 2d. was the 14e 'lit Paid to the first law 'officer of the Crown. 68j131!liest amount paid since 1880 was £9,179 —"a1889-90 Last year the S.ilicitor General -vejped n y 10., which sum has only i been Idiiiieicceeded during the last 15 years, viz., n bY X 11,050, and in 1893 4, when the Solicitor The tral received for salary and fees £10,503 3s. 6d. 4,16;33r4 Advocate for Scotland last year was paid G'i.i the largest sum which has been 441 tVh-' uY anyone holding that office since 1880; enria Paid to the Solicitor General for Scot- httpi. -arY and fees, amounted to £1,989 2s. last Jed Ring froni a letter written by a Rev. Dr. 13', the Rev. G. S. Reaney who was formerly Wycliffe Church, Warrington, but who is ottso,,lar of Greenwich, is not the most popular In his particular district. Dr. IN Thackeray,, ite letter appears in the Church Reformer,' n44l4net3 til4t.since Mr.Reaney's accession at the end t4tit C: a reign of terror has prevailed in the parish; t'e ciirates and one diocesan lay reader have Nigt:Citelle,l through the incumbent's action to kthe ""eir Work and retire from the parish ; that 4111 Warden, and several sidesmen and mem- "he church council, have resigned, that the Of Beveu years standing has gone ; that e been removed; that district visitors, Suuday school teachers, and superin- given up their work; and that young 41" I 41", aril young women refuse to attend esleetin, ,lWen it is known the meetings are °lldUcted by the vicar. If all this be true. .1:411,eY roust have greatly deteriorated since he '°llgregationalist minister and a Libera-

• .66te'ral 1

===== 0002601_18950914_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
'RANCE AGENTS' PIC-NIC.

ataiu 411Bdt,',Piu-nic of the Liverpool District of the Uott '"uurgh and Glasgow Assurance Company I, Drjees, Ea_, r estown, Warriagt3n, S. Helens, Th"e°O, and the villages around each place was Ursd lut vaY, September sth. The agents and their oa -; , atnes-street Station, Liverpool, and pro- underground railway to West Kirby, h 9 Mr. R. Dexter, district manager, and lifttpitts.""ith the superintendents of the various sub- West tfater;,, Kirby was reached about 11.30, and greeting with numerous friends , a start 'll •O or the Black Horse Hotel, where at 12.30 tlet Bat down to an excellent and substantial •qtiras. was served by the worthy host, Mr. J. 'lll4t2tist a`ne room was tastefully decorated. After all of las't,thenaselves the company dispersed to various us*, oth, Brest in the neighbourhood,some to view the -14t141;30 stroll on the shore where a charming a Welsh Coast was seen across the river. All fraa` o'clock to be photographed in a large fro," of the hotel. Tea was served at 4.30,a nd way it was partaken of the appetites 4,:uarhened by the sea breezes and lovely coun- Mter a brief rest at the call of the energetic 40. g. Zageri Mr. R. Dexter, a very profitable and 05.7 "Ilsitless meeting was held, interspersed with Bs Zloati,ra various agents and visitors who were kgair "on the piano by one of the lady visitors. $.1.• G. tiken by Mr. Dexter who was supported Nt, pußtri,.,`:. Cook, superintendent of St. Helens ; Mr. At,itoNtori, Birkenhead, Mr. Redhead, Warrington, • tet7 B,aforth ; and Mr. Seddon, Widnes. The Bre Nreiet v was given by Mr. Cook and a letter ow, r• Neil, the general manager, regretting his ['ult,;'g, to pressure of bu4iness. The toast of the reh,,,%fiot was given by Mr. Sherrington and Mr. ;NR The toast of the superintendents and 43' t 0 by Mr. Dexter' but as it was time to tin'tislht°,4,--"urn to Liverpool there was no timteofifeodr • e eeting then terminated, all being sa tlt 'll 3ceelle 1111,,,ht v‘llt• arrangements and expressing a wish Btsa4- 'oared to meet again under similiar vhit West Kirby and enjoy Mr. Vaug- %atm. • "'" catering. Liverpool was reached at

tor. al)Dl2,li 4ette 14. t !eteii ‘,14: Th nek,, tral tow er 14*, 1 1 1/;;C' ;th• tk„ , ner,t ere 441 4ries, 44441 t - q' tp4c) .eatley tio4i4t. jlecj et 11141 10113' oIL Li/i‘tnh 4444. 111:1' t4et 4ec,)cl ' tokat-,.; ttt t' ti;414°41 141*x7t, Rtt, -r t\:P11;413; th:Ple

Net . III) 14 ),14i414 k igt titt htitri%

i

===== 0002601_18950914_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

AN OLD OFFENDER.

On Tuesday morning before &Peers. F. J. Norman and E. Imison, at Runcorn Police Court, an elderly man named James Mc rtirk was charged with indecent con- uct on the previous day. Inspector Hicks said the man Ad some 20 convictions recorded against him. A fine o . and ss. 4th costa was imposed or a month's in- pr ,onment.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
EMPLOYEES' PreNic.

employes oi Mr. Walter Collier, grocer, held their qixtt annual excursion on Wednesday. The party, numbering about 40 went in two waggonettes to Chester where they visited the places of interest, and also went to Eccleston Ferry, and Eaton Hall. They were enter- tained to dinner by Mr. Collier, who also defrayed all other expenses.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
GRE-ENWAY-ROAD PRIMITIVE METHODIST SCHOOL.

The members of the girls " beehive " in connection with this school had their first annual outing on Wednes- day. The juveniles were conveyed on a lurry kindly lent by Mr. Ackerley to Clifton, where they indulged in games on the land of Mr. John Rowlands. This gentle- men also permitted them to enjoy themselves as they pleased in his orchard. The party returned at 7.30. The arrangements were under the superintendence of Misses florworth, Lunt, Shingler and Elillidge.

THEFT OF POTATOES AT CLIFTON.

At Runcorn Police Court, on Thursday morning, an elderly man named George Robinson, of no fixed anode, was brought up before Messrs. Speakman and Imison, on a charge of stealing 31bs. of potatoes, growing in a field b.longing to William Griffiths, of Clifton, on the previrus day. The prisoner was caught in the act by PC. Paveraft, stationed at Weston Point. Mr. Griffiths informed the Bench that considerable damage had been done to his potatoes and turnips by persons trespassing. default of paying a fine of ss. and costs, the man man was sent to gaol for seven days.

• PERILOUS POSITION OF A RUNCORN ROL

On Tuesday morning, about 11 o'clock, Charles Edwards, the son of Captain Edwards, of the John and Henry, laden with stone, had, to say the least, a very unpleasant experience whilst the vessel was in the lock. Close to the Francis basin, Runcorn docks, he tried to jump ashore from the boat. He, however, miAjuriged the distance, and fell into the water, narrowly escaping being crushed between the vessel and the wall. The ma'e succeeded in quickly rescuing him from his peril- qus p isition, when it was found he was little the worse for his immersion.

THE RUNCORN BRIDGE CHARGE.

A meeting of the Parliamentary and General Purposes Co-nmittee of the Runcorn District Council was held on Wednesday evening. The proposition recently intro- duced by the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi with regard to approach- ing the L. and N.-W.R. Company respecting the fares charged for crossing Runcorn bridge, etc. was considered. During the discussion and after the question was carefully considered, it was decided not tt, take the proposed action, until other subjects which are still under negotiation are settled. The question with regard to the holding of committee meetings every month was also broached,and it was resolved that if, in the opinion of the chairman, the vice-chairman, or two members, there was any busi- ness requiring the attention of the committee, the com- mittee shall be called together.

RUNCORN TONIC SOL-FA PRIZE CHOIR.

- The adjourned general meeting of the mpmbns of this choir was held on Friday evening in Ellesmere-street schoolroom, under the presidency of Mr. S. Coventry. The completion of the election of officers and committee shows the following result :—Coaductor, Mr. John Flolford ; chairman, Mr. Hugh Hughes; librarian, Mr. Jseell Brown ; secretaries, Messrs. G. W. Yates and R. W, Newell ; treasurer, Mr. W. Coventry ; committee, Mrs. Stubbs, Mrs. Gandy and Mrs. Leathwood, Misses E iwards, Davies, Pope, Littler and Williams ; Messrs. Worrdll, Clare, Pritchard, .Kniveton, Shaw, Newell, Flarrison and Pendlebury. It was resolved that a printed b-ilance sheet be issued every season, giving full particu- lars of the choir's working,and also that the forthcoming season be opened with a gentlemen's "at home."

RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

At the ordinary meeting of the above association, on Saturday, under the presidency of Mr. Ernest Hobson, Mr. Ed ward Key referred to the present condftion of the juvenile temperance societies, and the importance of making the meetings interesting and entertaining. After this a conversation took place in which the following officers took part: Messrs. David Smith, Thomas Clarke, John Jones, Thomas J. Holt, Thomas Cooke and Daniel Bisbrowne. It was stated the work of training the young in temperance principles could not be over-estim- ated, and that the meetings should be made as attractive as possible. The Secretary reported that there were 78 members of the cadet section, which was deemed sa:is- factory. The boys are now competing for a prize offered by Mr. Thomas Cooke.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TRH LATH _MRS. BAZLEY

Relative to the death of Mra.Bazlev,wife of Mr. Joseph Bazley, of Vine-street, an In Memoriam. Service was con- ducted on Sunday evening in the Camden Chapel, Run- corn, by Mr. P. Sp,,akman, J.P., C.C., in the presence of a large congregation. Several appropriate hymns were sung by the choir, assisted by an orchestra. Miss S. Blzley sang" When peace like a river." Miss Temper- ley gave an effective rendition of What is this that steals upon my frame," and the choir, under the leader- ship of Mr. S. Bazley and W.Tickle, sang" Vital Spark." Mr. J. Temperley presided at the organ. In the course of an address, Mr. Speakman spoke ot the life of a Christian. He alluded to Mrs. Bazley, whom he had known for many years as one who had lived the life of a consistent Christian, and he trusted that her example would be followed by those connected with Camden Church. He urged the young to hold dear the traditions nf Christian fathers and mothers, and appealed to the Church to labour with renewed vigour in the further- ance of the Master's cause.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH ORGAN RECITAL.

On Sunday, an organ recital was given after evensong by Mr. B. Jackson, F.C.C., organist of the People's Palace, London. Mr. Jackson who had given the organ recitals a St. George's Hall, Liverpool, on the previous day and was the guest of Mr. Johnson, organist of the Itunc,,rn Parish Church kindly consented to give a short recital and submitted the following pieces which were attentively listened to by a large congregation : " Meditation "in D major, B. Jackson ; variations in tune to " All glory, laud and honour," B. Jackson; Berceue, Delbanck ; grand chorus in D major, A. Guil- mont. The manner in which the various pieces were played testified Mr. Jackson as an organist of exceptional ability,and it is not too much to say that the remarkable powers exhibited by him on Sunday evening created a very earnest and natural desire among many members of the con gregation that they may again have the pleasure and privilege of listening to him.

HOLY TRINITY CHURCH HARVEST THANKSGIVING.

The Holy Trinity Church harvest Thanksgiving ser- vices were commenced on Wednesday evening, when the sermon was preached by the Rev. Canon Rycroft, D.D., to a large congregation. An anthem was also sung by the choir entitled "The eyes of all wait upon thee, 0 Lord," the solo part being taken by Miss F. Bradshaw. The church was beautifully decorated with cereals, fruits, flowers, &c., a large number of which had been contributed by residents in the district. The following, sent flowers and fruit : Messrs. Salkeld, Fisher, Horsefield, Hankinson, Weatbrook, W. Howard, John Orme, J. Owen, and A. Savage; and Mesdames Meadowcroft, Waterworth, Warburton, Corker,Street, Robinson, Strin- ger, Grieve, Marislow, West, Harrison, Ackerley, and Grifiths ; Misses Bradshaw, Hitchmough, and Coleburn, and Masters Reed and Joyce. The following assisted in the decorating :—Miss Preston, Mrs. West, Westbrook, Grieve, Misses Tyne, Horsefield. Lea, Warner, E. Turner, Ilankinson, Master T. Bradshaw. Mr. Grieve kindly lent a number of plants. HOLY TRINITY SCHOOLS, RUNCORN. The annual treat of the Trinity Church Sunday Schools was held on Friday. There was a large gather. tug to the number of 250. These were under the leader- ship of the Vicar, Dr. Preston, and Mrs. Preston, who were assisted by Messrs. Westbrook and D. Smith and Miss Preston and Miss Tyrie. The party assembled at Trinity schoolroom and headed by the drum and file band, under the bandmaster, Mr. Jones, marched in orderly procession to the railway station, wuere they embarked in engaged carriages and 'proceeded to the Overton Hills. There they enjoyed themselves in mani- fold diversions, and had a most excellent tea which was provided by Mrs. Parker. They were joined at this by the warden, Mr, Hapkinson. The return journey was made without mishap ; and all reached borne the better for their" out." On Saturday the infants had their treat in a field, kindlyfent by Mr. flaziehurst. Berea swing attached to a new and strong wooden frame,made and erected by the kindness of Mr. D. Smith, was the chief object of attraction. The little ones thoroughly en- joyed themselves, and I eturned to the schoolroom,where a good tea, which had been brewed by Mr. Bates, was served out. The teachers present with the infants were Misses Preston, Dobey, Rigby, Horsefield, Annett, and McLeod. The Vicar and Messrs. Westbrook and Lt. Smith were also present.

NELSON-STREET SUNDAY SCHOOL. On Sunday a pleasant evening was spent at the above school, Mr. Alfred Harrison in chair. The affair was arranged by the officials and teachers of the school to start the subscription list for attaining uniforms for the bielson-street School Subscription Band. The place was made bright with bunting, &c. In the room on the ground floor was one large table, well laden with fruit, cakes, jelly, &c„ given by friends. Upstairs one of the class rooms was decorated and used for a tea room. The first part of the programme consisted of items given by the concert party connected with the band. Mr. J. Foulkes was the accompanist. After the concert the friends partook of the good things provided, the novelty being that everything was a penny, !a charge of which none complained. Tne arrangements were in hand of a committee,with Mr. J.L.Littlemore as chairman,and the Misses M. Okell and Stringer as secretaries. The promo- ters considered themselves well repaid for their troubl.• when the amount made was announced to to be £6 55. ld, which will be put to the uniform fund. The usual vote of thanks to the chairman and workers brought a very enjoyable evening toe close.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
assasosmisiLatatL_,__

e

===== 0002601_18950914_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURPAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1895.

Sr. MICHAEL'S CHURCH, RUNCORN.

The annual sermons on behalf of the Sunday school were preached in this church on Sunday. In the morn- ing the Rev. Canon Wood occupied the pulpit. In the afternoon a children's service was conducted, when an address was delivered by the Rev. H. C. Moyle, The evening preacher was the Rev. R M. Ainslie, M.A. vicar of St. Saviour's, Liverpool. A special feature in connection with the services was the singing of hymns by the scholnrs, who had been carefully trained by Mr. Charles Powna!l,the conductor of the choir. The collec- tions,abich were on behalf of the school funds,realised a satisfactory amount. RUNCORN ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL CLUB.

A general meeting of the members of this club was heol on Wednesday evening, for the purpose of appoint- ing a captain and vice-captain for the reserve team. Mr. G. H. Grounds was voted to the chair. The nomina- tions for the respective offices were as follows : Captain : F. Burrows, C. Burrows, E. Gleave, J. Parry, R. Green, J.Clarke. Vice-captain : G. Casson, J.Clarke, E. Gleave, C. Burrows, J. Parry, R. Green, G. F. Bell. Voting by ballot having been taken the Chairman de- clared that F. Burrows had been duly appointed captain of the reserve team, and J. Parry vice-captain.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CO-OPERLTIVE SOCIETY.

An adjourned meeting of the members of this society Was held on Tuesday evening in Lacey-st. schoolroom, Widnes,under the presidency of Mr. James Sayles. There was a good attendance. The rules were further con- sidered and a number of them were passed as printed, while in several others there were a few verbal altera- tions. With regard to the servants of the socie.y having no vote, it was decided that in future those who were members should be entitled to vote for the board of management. As to the payment of subscriptions, it was resolved that the practice hitherto in vogue of pav- ing a penny per month towards defraying the necessary expenses of management should be discontinued. The rule respecting depreciations was altered to read as fol- lows :—" That the depreciation of cottages which the Society may build to hold, and all other property in- cluding offices and rolling stock be at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum." The amount previously was ai per cent, per annum. The meeting was protracted, but the discussion was of a very amicable and business-like character. The rule having reference to the reserve fund will be considered at an adjourned meeting.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
DUTTON SCHOOL BOARD.

At. the recent monthly meeting of the Dutton School Board, the Rev. L D. Bennett presiding, the report on the last school examination was produced and read, of which the following is a cony :—Average for the year, 50; grant £5O, extra £lO, total £6O. Principal grant is 149 , discipline is. 81., singing 61.. English 21., geography 25., Lnd needlework 2s. The summary of the inspector's remarks are as follows :—" The school is in good order, and does exceedingly well. The spelling of the second class falls rather below the other work. The infants are not well provided for. They pass a satisfac- tory examination as infants, though an unusually large number are over seven years of age; but they are taught on a gallery in the same room with the other children and there are no facilities for marching or exercises. If they had a properly qualified teacher tha additional grant (Art 105) might be obtained. The Board should take immediate step!: te provide more suitable accom- modation for the infants than exists at present." The members of the Board were gratified with the good grant earned, as it is the highest grant attainable for a school. The school had also earned the" good " report for drawing.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN TEA MEETING AT RUNCORN.

WELCOMING THE NEW MINISTER.

On Monday evening a circuit tea meeting was held in Brunswick Wesleyan Schoolroom, to welcome the Rev. C. de P. Gliddon. There was a large attendance. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Baguley,Bellamy, Boys, B. Crosby, Dyer, Findlow,Garner, J. B. Houghton, Harrison, T. Johnson, Jones, Lambert, Leadstone, Marshall. Morris, Nixon, F. J. Norman, Peacock, Povah, Rawlinson and R. Yates; Misses Berrington, Chadwick, Dobson, Norman and Temperley. At a later hsur a well-attended meeting was held in St. I aul's Church, under the presidency of Mr. R. Raw- linson. He was supported by the Revs. T. Brackenbury, W. George and C. de P. Gliddon; Messrs. F. J. Norman, J.P., P Speakman, J.P., C.C., John Simpson, T. Simla- ter, B. Kniveton, J. Ball, Looker, Moores and B. Crosby (secretary). After devotional exercises, The Chairman spoke of the difficulties they had experi- enced through the indisposition of the Rev. Lyle Stone. They wrote to Mr. Gliddon, who at once accepted the invitation. They must not expect all from their minis- ters—they were only human; but as office bearers and congregation they had to do their part in the work, and if they did so they would have a very happy and pros- perous year. Proceeding he alluded to the death of Mr. Thomas Handley, J.P., which had been a very severe blow to his fellow townsmen, he being a man of great promise. Mr. John Simpson said they had every reason to believe that the services of their new minister would be attended with success. It was with regret, and under painful cireumstances they had to part with Mr. Stone; and they had a hard fight to get Mr. Gliddon, to whom they gave a very hearty welcome to the circuit. He believed him to be a thoroughly good man, and that his one earn- est desire wag to do an excellent work in the Runcorn circuit (Applause.) Mr. Simister spoke of the pleasure he felt in having 1 the opportimity ei giving their third minister and his wife a hearty welcome, even if it was not in the shape of a fermal vote. The Methodist Church, he said, with it dauffhters, had 23,000.000 adherents, and upwards of 5.000,000 members. (Applause.) To-day they heard a good deal of Apostolic succession, but he believed their ministers were eve in that respect with the Pope of Rome. (Applause.) They were told in the Bible "by their fruits ye shall know them." If men were saving souls, blessing humanity, turning men and women from sin to Christ and goodness, he argued that they were in the Apostolic succession. There was a full representa- tion of the circuit, and he urged them all to do their share in the important work in which they were engaged. (Appian.° ) The Rey. T. Brackenbury said their new minister was a men of reputation, and they, greeted him as a brother in the work of Christ. He considered that as Methodists they required a great deal of external stimulation to per- form the gigantic work placed in their hands. They wished Methodism to get on—that the congregations would increase, that Sunday schools would do their work better, that week night services would be more largely attended, that society classes would have their membership augmented, that house to house visitation would he productive of more fruitful results, that their, mission would prosper, in order that the world might be inftmed with the Gospel of Christ ; and that matters might be improved in the circuit. They wished every one to progress in grace and Christian usefulness, until , they reached their home in Heaven. (Applause.) Mr Speakman, on behalf of the Camden Church,eave Mr. Gliddon a hearty welcome. At Camden they wished to do acme good work. The place was a home, and a happy one ; it was also very much like a beehive, in which a noble work was being accomplished. At the last Sacrament they had 84 communicants, which showed they were growing. They had a good feeling in the class meetings, in the Sunday school, and among the workers, which was very helpful and encouraging. In conclusion, he made a touching reference to those whom they had lost through death, specially mentioning Mr.Temperley and Mrs. B zley, who had been busy workers in the hive for a good many years. Mr. Ball also welcomed Mr.and Mrs. Gliddon on behalf of Weston. The Rev. W. George alluded to his twelve months' stay in the circuit, and to haying had the opportunity of testing the kindly words spoken respecting him at a similar gathering last year. He had proved that they were honest and real. Continuing, he spoke of a living church, saying that it commanded respect, aid conse- quently prosperity. They ought by their actions to show , that they were a living church. They would never go ' ahead as they ought until they bed enthusiastic devotion and if they were to have that, to carry their church to, the position it ought to occupy, they must have devotion founded an respect. He advised the young people to study their church, and see what it had done, so that they would admire and love it, and then determir e to do more to strengthen It. They required intelligent enthu- siasm, and when they accomplished this they would make Methodism a greater power for good. Mr. Looker haying spoken on behalf of Halton, The Rev. C. de P. iffiddon, who was heartily receive, then said he was proud to be associated with such a circuit. Be was a Methodist by conviction and belief, and its history was the most inspiring that could be handed down to men. They had had, and still had, grand preachers, and they had won splendid triumphs of the cross through Metho- dist workers. Scriptural holiness was the purpose for which Christ had raised them up. Proceed- ing, he spoke of the wealth of the Methodist Church, their total income being £80,000,000 a year. Then they were rich in generosity, in being able to give en much to other churches ; they were wealthy in workers, and in the Runcorn circuit they were rich in the young men of their church. That was a wealth for which they must thank God unceasingly. In studying the history of their church, let them adopt the motto "Onward, upward and wider," until they had brought into touch with the cross of Christ all those around them. (Applause.) Mr. Kniveton, on behalf of the church and congrega- tion of Weston Point,gave Mr. Gliddon a hearty wel- come, and expressed a hope that his services would be attended with success. During the evening the united choirs of St. Paul's, Halton-rnad, Camden and Halton, rendered the anthems " And the glory of the Lord" (Flandel's " Messiah ")and 46 I Will feed My flock " (C. Simper), the bass solo of which was suns, by Mr. Thomas Johnson, of the Halton- road choir. The singing was under the conductorship of Mr. R. Morris, and Mr. Grice presided at the organ. Totes of thanks to those who had prepared tea, car- ried out the arrangements, and taken part in the sing- ing closed the meeting.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. T. HANDLEY, J.P., It

The news of the unexpected death of Mr. Thomas Handley, S.F., of Ferncliffe, Higher Runcorn, will be re- ceived with widespread regret. The sad event took place about three o'clock on Saturday afternoon, after a brief and painful illness (inflimmation of the veins). Mr. Handley MO been danger, msly ill the previous week but hopes were entertained of his recovery. He was, in the opinion of all, making satisfactory progress when, at the time stated, he suddenly expired. Mr. Handley was the youngest son of the late Mr. T. Handley,who carried on business in Church-st. He re- ceived his elementary education at Mill-brow Academy, and afterwards laecame a student at the Liverpool Col- legiate, Shaw-M., conducted by the Rev Dean Howson. At a later date he entered the office of Messrs. John and Thomas Johnson, soap manufacturers, and thence went to the eat thlishment of Messrs. W. B. Gibson and Com- pany, nt which firm his brother James was a partner. After the death of Mr. Gibson, the style of the firm was . changed to that of James Handley and Company, the gentleman under notice.together with Mr. F. Beck, hav- ing becomf a member of the firm. Since the retirement of Mr. James Handley the concern has been conducted under the title of Handley and Beck. They have carried !on a large and successful business as iron merchants, ironmongers, fc., both in Runcorn and Widnes. rue deceased gentleman had been twice married, his first wife being Emily, third daughter of the late Mr. John Brookes, Runcorn, who was sister to the wife of Mr. Beck, his partner, by whom he had issue one son. His second wife was the second daughter of Mr. Joseph Littler, of Victoria-rnd, the issue being three sons and two daughters. _

-- With regard to public service, Mr. Handley was for several years a member of the Widnes Local Board, in connection with which he held the position of chairman of the Finance Committee. He continued his coanectiou , with this body until the incorporation of the town. He had been on the Runcorn School Board for eight years, and for a portion af that time presided over the proceedings of the School Attendance Committee. For a dozen years, he sat on the Burial Board, during which time he was elected to the chairmanship. It may be stated that the family had a continuous connection with the Burial Board throughout its existence. The father of the deceased was a member in 1858, before the cemetery was completed, and on his death Mr. James Handley was elected to fill the vacancy. This gentleman, after residing in Garston for some time, experienced the difficulties of efficiently and con- scientiously Wining his duties, and consequently re- tired when his brother, Mr. Thomas Handl-y, was selected to take his ,lace, and he continued his member- ship until the recent absorption of the Board by the Urban District Council. For four years he had a seat on the Runcorn Board of Guardians, being also a member of the Assessment Committee, and alter the death of the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, he was appointed chairman ' of the House Committee. Mr. Handley had always displayed, since its inception, a keen interest in the Runcorn Musical Society,of which he was vice-president, and of which he had been treasurer. He was an active mi.mber of the society. Be was also a director of the Runcorn Gas Company. Politically, Mr. Handley was a sumach Liberal, and was ever ready to assist the cause to the utmost of his ability. Prior to the passing of tile Re distribution Act he was identified with the Mid-Cheshire Liberal Association, being hon. secretary for the Run- corn polling district. S nee then he has been a member ot the Executive Council of the Northwich Division. In religion he was a consistent Congregationalist, and his death will be severely, felt by those worshipping in Bethesda Church. Here for many years he had been a deacon,and had also been entrusted with other positions. Be was treasurer of the Sunday school. On July 2 id, 1894, he qualified as a magistrate for Cheshire, and hhie accession to the Bench enabled him to render valuable s•Tvices. General sympathy is extended to Mr.Handley's widow, six children, and to his aged mother, who has attained 82 years of age, and who has been ailing for a considerable time. The news of her son's death was broken to her gradually on Sunday afternsion, and it goes without saying that the information caused her poignant grief. MAGISTERIAL REFERENCE.

At Runcorn Petty H.-ssions, on Monday morning when the Bench was occupied by Messrs. Beery Reynolds (in the chair) and P. Speakman, allusion was mane to the death of Mr. Thomas Handley. The Chairman said: de- ' fore commencing the business of the day, it is with feel- ings of deep sorrow that I have to announce the death .of Mr. Thomas Handley. lam sure lam expressing the feelings of the whole of the members of the Bench when I say how sorry we are to lose so excellent a colleague, and when we think of the loss to his family as well as to the town in which he lived we are convinced that a valu- able life has been taken away from us. I feel sure that the whole Bench of magistrates, as well as the officers of the court, will unite with me in an expression of deep sympathy with his bereaved wife and family. This the Clerk will kindly forward.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

The remains of Mr. fhoinas Handley, J.P., were in- terred on Tuesday afternoon in the Runcorn Cemetery. To show their respect for his memory there were numer- ous representatives present of various public bodies with which the deceased gentleman bad been associated. These joined in the cortege, which left Ferucliffe shortly before three o'clock. The justices of the peace for the county of Cheshire,who immediately followed a posse of police, under the command of Inspector Hicks, were Messrs. J. Brundrit (chairman of the Runcorn division), P. Speakman, C.C., S. Taylor, C.C., and F. J. Norman, with Mr. John Ashton (clerk), and Mr. F. Johnson (deputy clerk). In connection with the Runcorn School Board there were Mr. Pritchard (chairman), Mr. E. J.P. (vice-chairman), the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi,Mr. G. Moss (clerk), Mr. J. 13. Holland (treasurer), Messrs. B. Crosby, J. F. Moulton (schoolmasters), T. Bowyer, and G. Howard (attendance officers). Then came the members of the Runcorn Board of Guardians, namely, Messrs. J. Stokes, T. Wright, J. L. Jones, J. Weir, E. Aaron, S. Yarwood, and J. Brandreth. Mr. J. Cunnah (Worknouse master), Messrs. T. Cooke and T. Riley (relieving officers), Messrs. G. H. Kirkham e and R. W. Posnett (members )f the Runcorn Urban District Council), walked next, with Messrs. J. Percival (nuisance inspector), and W. Sutton (assistant over- seer), then came the Revs. T. Bra.mpailelrapnadintS,tavvff.ornd,ifeokli terra, Dv J tradesmen, a. H. mongWeston, whom were mlowesesidrsbycatniiunnagee,ropias ay n t Bothwell (Frocisham), Nickson, Coventry, Woodland,A. Crosby, W. Mills, G. Bellamy, R son, W. Farrell, W. R. Wass, and J. Unsworth. The Star Bowkett Building Society was represented by Messrs. A. Riley, Joseph Salkeld, J. Hollord, F. A. Scott, W. E. Lea, and E. Marston. Following them were Cap- ' tam n Davies, Messrs. Lloyd Davies, J. Collier, W. S. Cal- lender, William Joynson, Edward Buckley, and W. Jep- son ; with Messrs. E. Newton, W. H. Richardson, W. Read and W. Howard (of the London and North-Western Railway Company). The Duke of Devonshire Lodge of P.G., P. Trevitt, Oddfellows was represented by P.P.G.M., H. B. Toone, (Widnes),Bal ' and W. E.PrudellelYP.(Cise"cjreotsaerpyh),OwCeanp,tain Heasley was present on behalf of the Manchester Ship Canal Co., and I Captain Is Content for the Weston Point Steam Towing Joseph Bazley, I Co. These were succeeded by Messrs. J. Di.a kin, D. Lea, Riley, T. B.Knive- , ton, W. Stanway ; Drs. McDougall, Ormsby, and Mc- ,! TR BMOOOr trei s. , HT. Darlington,C o o , Kenzie ; the Revs.J. S.Simpson,Thomas Cole (Garston,) E.G. Smith James and G. D. Thomas (Bolton) ; followed by members of the Bethesda Congregational Church, Messrs. J. Slade, S. Walton, C. le Conteur, W. Heatherington, John Ba,e, H. W. Jukes, Thomas Taylor, John Speakman, D. Temple, George Ropers and two sons,John Williamson, W.Cring- all, S. Watson, R. Whitby, Joseph Hazlehurst, John Corr, William Rhodes, Edward Key, S. Worrall, H. Lacy, W. Cartwright, J. Wood, J. T. Thornhill, R. Pritchard, H. Shingler, A. Booth, J. J. Speakman, and W. Bate. In connection with the Oda Company were Messrs.F.Rigby, J.P., and J. H. Frith (secretary). Behind these were Messrs. W. H. Chadwick, J. B. Chadwick, H. Chadwick, J. F. Beck, J. Rhodes, It. Rushton, Midwood (of the late Widnes Local Board), Horace Handley, and Clement Handley. Behind these came the hearse, alongside of which walked the bearers, who are the senior employee of the firm of Messrs. Handley and Beck, namely,Messrs. W. Sutherland, W. E. Vaughan, George Lacy, J.Hewitt, Frank Hewitt, P. Booth, and Joseph Lightfoot. In the first coach rode Messrs. T. B. and A. Handley (eon), the Rev. Samuel, Mr. James, and Mr. William Handley (brothers), and Mr. Beck (brother-in-law). In the second carriage were the Rev. J. D. Bray (Broughton, Manchester), the Rev. A. Halliday (Manchester), Mr. A. Higgins (Liverpool), Mr. Alfred Lightburn, Mr. Joseph Littler (father-in-law), and Master Frank Handley (son). The rear was brought up by the carriage of the Vicar of Runcorn, containing the Rev. Canon Wood and Mr. John Simpson. At the cemetery the procession was joined by the Rev. Dr. erestou (vicar of .Holy Trinity), Dr. 0. Hagan (Garston), Mr. W. J. Bell (Garston), Mr. F. A. Lake, Mr. G. W. Allen, and Mr. W. Whittak.r. The first part of the service was conducted in the Mortuary Chapel, which was filled. The Rev. 3. D. Thomas read the lessons, and the Rev. T. Cole offered up prayer at the grave side, in the presence of an extensive concourse of persons, the service was concluded by the Rev. J. Simpson. The coffin was of oak with massive brass mountings, and a shield bearing the name, age, and date of death. It was suppled by Messrs. Farrell. The wreaths were exquisitely beautiful and numerous. They were from Willie and family, mother and children, Annie and her girls, Ben and Nellie (London) Mr. and Mrs. Littler, Alfred and Flerrie, Mr. and Mrs. James Handley, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Lightburn. Mr. and Mrs. E. Imison, Mr. and Mrs. P. Speakman, Mrs. Raw, Mr. and Mrs. Harold Chadwick, Mr. and Mrs. Miles, Mr. Frank Tate, St. Luke's Cricket Club. Cheshire Constabulary, Mr. and Mrs. Mort (Weston) Mr. Joshua Midwood, Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Davies, Mr. and Mrs. Corf. The carriages were supplied by Messrs. Yarwood. As a mark of respect to the memory of the departed j one many business estab- lishments in the town were partially closed, and the blinds of all the houses en route were drawn.

TOBACCONISTS commencing; 111 d. guide (2c9 pages) 3d TOE &MONISTS' OUTFITTING 00 866, Buston-zoad, London. )15nager, Hr. Mlncße ; Ist. 1866.

A r++,. .

.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON REVISION COURT.

The revision of the parliamentary and municinsl voters for the borough of Warrington was opened on Monday evecing by Mr. J. T. Foard, revising barrister, at the Warrington Town Hall. The Liberals were repre- sented by Mr. John Clayton, and the Conservatives by Mr. William Holbrook Mr. J. Lyan Whittle (town cicrk), Mr. S. Wilson (deputy town c lerk), Mr. Thomas Turistall (aqsistant overseer) and Mr. Garnett and Mr. F. Aukland (relieving officers) were also present.

FIRST CLAIM ALLOWED. Mr. Arthur James Snerwood claimed a lodger's vote for 44, Manchester-road. In reply to Mr. Clayton, the claimant said that he occupied two rooms—one down- stairs, and one uostairs. Mrs. Andrews was his land- lady. He paid 103. per week which included the use of furniture, gas, coal,etc. The rateable value was £22 gross. The claim was allowed.

NOT A FAMILY ARRANGEMENT. Mr. B. Faircloagh made a lodger's cl iirn for rooms at the house of his father, Mr. Richard Taylor Fairclough, Mersey Mills. Mr. Clayton : What rooms do you occupy ? I occupy a room on the ground floor, and one on the second fl ,or.—Do you have your meals separate from the family? Sometimes I do.—Do the rest of the family use the room ? They never do.—You can lock it up ? Yes.—How much do you pay? I pay 7.1. 61. per week.—What does that include ? Gas, and the cleaning of the rooms.—ln reply to his Honour, Mr. Tonstall said that the rateabls value of the house was £35. Further questioned, the claimant said that he was a mill manager apart from his fattier. Mr. Clayton said that it was very probable that this was a family arrangement,but hisElonour allowed the claim saying that there was al ways doubt in these cases,but this appeared to be bona-fide.

-AN ORGANIST OBTAINS A VOTE. Mr. W. Henry Payton, organist of Wycliffe Congregational Church, claimed a lodger vote for premises at 12, Bewsey-road.—The applicant informed Mr. Holbrook that he had two rooms set apart for his own use entirely, 10s. per week being the rent paid for them.—Mr. Clayton intimated to the Revising Barrister that no I" irliamentary vote was claimed for the house. There was a good margin of value.—The vote was given.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TOO PREMATURE.

The Conservative agent asked that the name of William Pinson, of 4, Keen-street, should be placed on the hat of Pirliamencary voters.—Mr. Clayton opposed. —ln cross-examination applicant admitted that his mother's name was on the list the previous year.—The Revising Barrister: Then I cannot allow it, and his mother was on the list last year. (To the applicant:) You are too pr mature, come next year.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL OBJECTION SUSTAINED.

The Liberals obj,cted to tne claim by the Conserva- tives that Thomas Henry Burrows, 17, Wakefield-street, should be given the Parliamentary franchise.—ln cross- examination by Mr. Clayton, the applicant admitted that he had broken up his own home for some weeks,and had gone into lodgings before taking over the tenancy of the houge in Walrefield-street.—Th R,vi,ing Barrister upheld the objection and di.allowed the claim.

AN UNSUCCESSFUL CLERICAL CLAIMANT. Mr. Clayton opposed a claim by the Rev. Henry Robert Mackenzie Hutt, a curate or the Parish Church, whe sought the placed on the lodgers' list.—lt transpired that the value of the applicant's rooms was £9 net, and that a Pa.rliamentary vote was also used for the same house.—The vote was not allowed.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER CLERICAL CLAIMANT.

The Rev. (1. B. Thurston claimed a lodger's vote for rooms at 20, Salisbury-st.—The applicant was repre- sented by the Rev. H. R. M. Hutt, who informed Mr. ' Clayton that a roam on the ground floor and also one on the second floor were occupied by the rev.gentlernan for whom he appeared. He (Mr. Hutt) did not, however, definitely kri,)w how much the Rev. G. B. Thurston paid for the hire of the rooms. He thought the items for board And lodging were separate, and amounted in the total to about 303.—Mr. J. L. Tuustall, replying to the R-vising Barrister, said that the value of the house was £3s.—Mr. Clayton : I am told that 163. per week cover the rev. gentleman's board and lodging.—The Rev.H. R. M. Hutt : I think that sum only represents lodging. But will inform Mr. Thurston, and he will appear himself, and will answer you more definitely.—The Revising Bar- rister expressed a wish for more information before he ' decided to allow the vote. He would adjourn this par- ticular claim until the appearance of the rev. gentleman. —At a later hour the Rev. G. B. Thurston arrived, and in answer to Mr. Clayton's cross-examination. said he paid 164. per week for rooms alone. That sum did not include food, and the applicant expressed the opinion, somewhat warmly, that the cross-examination to which he was being subj,cted was frivolous. Was It likely that he would able to get food and lodging in Salisbury- St. for 163. per week ? There were six rooms in the house, he thought.—Mr. Clayton submitted that there was not value enough to support the claim.-1 he Re- vising Barrister considered that there, was, and allowed the claim.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OATH DEMANDED„

The Conservatives claimed, on behalf of David Slater, a lodger's vote for 5, Williamson square.—Cross-ex- amined by Mr. Clayton, he said th4t before going to his present residence be lodged in Gilbert-street. That was about eight months ago. Being pressed, he denied that he bad gone from Gilbert-st. to Admiral-st. to live, before going to Williatnaon-aquare.—Mr. Clayton in- fol med the Revising Barrister that his instructions were that the applicant in this case had lodged with a person named Mulkearns, at 5, Admiral-st., before going to Williamson square. He should like,therefore,his Honour to put the applicant upon oath with regard to the mat- ter.—The Revising Barris*er assented, and after being sworn, Slater was asked if he did not go to live at 5, Admiral-,t., after leaving Gilbert-st. The oath had evi- dently its effect for the claimant then replied in the affirmative, and the claim was not allowed. TUESDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.

Mr. Foard resuroed the revision of the lists on Tuesday morning.

AN UNSUCCESSFUL OBIECTION. The Liberals objaeted to Annie Chester, who was on the list for Bay Horae-yard. Mr. Clayton questioned Mrs. Chester as to who was William Chester,but she said she did not know. He was not her husband nor anyone connected with her. She was the tenant of the house. The objection was not sustaiaecLand his Honour allowed Mrs. Cheater 2. expenses.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT CIUITE SUFFICIENT VALUE.

The Liberals applied on behalf of Francis Ed ward Norman, lot. a lodger vote for the rooms he occupied in Bewsey-road. His landlord appeared to support the claim, and said Mr. Norman occupied a bedroom and had the use of the sitting room. Mr. Holbrook elicited the fact that the house itself was only rated at £l4. gross and £l2 net. The landlord said he paid 7s. 63. a week rent. Fhe Revising Barrister said the claimant must have exclusive use of the qualifying rooms. As he had only the use of a sitting-room in this case, he thought it was just outside the margin.

A SUCCESSFUL OBJECTION.

The Liberals objected to Joseph Mirrott, who was on the list for 17. Foundry-st. Mrs. Marrott appeared,and in answer to Mr. Clayton she said she was the owner and occupier of the shop at 17, F ,undry-st. His Honour said if that was the case,the husband's name must come off the list. It was struck off accordingly.

LIBERAL CLAIMS. James Walsh, 6, Union-street, claimed an occupation vote. In reply to Mr. Holbrook he said his mother was the tenant but he paid the rent. He had two other brothers. One was an independent man and he was out in India at present. The other was a professional pugil- ist. He was the only one at home and was the support of his mother. The claim was allowed.

Patrick Riley claimed for a house at 7, Hughes'-court. Mr. Holbrook asked him where he had lived before going there. Riley tried to tell Mr. Holbrook, but ultimately gave up the attempt and exclaimed apparently in des- pair, " I can't speak hardly, lam not good English." The Revising Barrister suggested that the name was Pierpoint-st.,aiad the claimant said that was the name. The claimant, on being pressed by Mr. Holbrook, ultim- ately admitted that his brother-in-law was tenant on the election day,and the Revising Barrister promptly refused to allow the claim.

The Court adjourned at a quarter past eleven. WEDNESDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. _

Mr.Foard resumed the revision itf the lists on Wednes- day morning.

A LEGITIMATE OBJECTION. The Liberals objected to the name of Mr.J.F ulton Smith remaining on the list for 14. Museum-st., on the ground that he had left the house and now lived in North Wales.—ln answer to Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fulton Smith said his residence was now in North Wales. tie left Museum-st. during the fint week in July.—Mr. Clayton said that was his objection. Mr. Smith left Warrington before the expiration of the qualifying year.—Mr.Smith : But I am still responsible for the house ; I still pay the rant and shall continue to do so until next Christmas.— Mr. Clayton said they had already had a case similar to this, and it was decided that where a person left a house and did not intend to return he forfeited his vote.—Mr, Smith : But I do intend to return and reside again in this house. The Revising Barrister asked if he was to understand that Mr. Smith had left the house and had given up the tenancy, because if so,someone else might be qualified.— Mr. Smith said he was still the tenant and no one else was qualified. Fie had, in fact, certain furniture in the house still. He had removed from the house simply as an experiment to see how the change would affect his children's health.—The Revising Barrister thought that the objection, under the circumstances, had not been made out, and he should allow Mr. Smith to retain his vote.—Mr. Smith asked if he was entitled to expenses, but the Revising Barrister said he thought he was not, as the objection seemed a legitimate one. A COUNCILLOR'S TOTE OBJECTED 'co

- The Liberals objected to the vote of Councillor W. P. Skelton ; who was on the list for a stable at 6, Cloth Hall Yard.—Mr. Clayton asked Councillor Skelton if he was the managing director for W. P. and W. Skelton Limited.—Councillor Skelton: Yes.—Mr. Clayton : Who is the occupier of this stable in Cloth Hall Yard ? —Councillor Skelton : I occupy it myself.—Mr. Clay- ton : Is it not a fact you have no horse of your own ? —Councilbr Skelton : I have a horse of my own.—Mr. Clayton asked the assistant overseer who was rated for

the stable.—Mr. Tunstall : Skelton's Limited.— Mr. Clayton: And they pay the rates.—Councillor Skel- ton: No.—Mr. Clayton : I beg your pardon Mr. Skelton, but I am speaking to the overseer.—Mr. Tunstall.in reply to Mr. Clayton' said the rates were paid by Skelton's Limited.—Mr. Clayton aekeel if, as a matter of fact this stable was not used by Strelton's for their own purposes? —Councillor Skelton : Nt they use the one nest door. There are two stables P—Mr. Clayton : You are prepared to swear they do not use this particular stable ?—Coun- cillor Skelton : No,certainly not.—Mr. Clayton : I sub- mit the Company are the occupiers of this stable.—Coun- cillor Skelton : I have been the occupier for five years and paid the rates. You will find it in the borough rates. The Revising Barrister : Whose property is it ? Does it belong to Skelton's ?—Councillor Skelton : No, to Mr. Connor, and Mr. Smith is Mr. Connor's agent. Mr. Skelton here handed to the Revising Barrister a note signed by Mr. Smith to the eff.,ct that he had been the tenant of the stable for the past five years.—Mr. Hol- brook remarked that Councillor Skelton would have pro- duced the original receipts for rent but for the fact that a few months ago a fire took place at Skelton's and the papers were burnt.—The Revising Barrister asked if the stable was separately rated.—Mr, Tunstall said it was rated as a stable.—Mr. Clayton : But rated to the Company.—Mr. Smith (Mr. Tunstall's assistant) : They pay several rates in one ac- count. The Revising Barns er : This particular stable is separately rated P—Mr. Tunstall : Yes.— Cnuncillor Skelton The borough rate is in my name.— The Revising B,rrister said the vote was all right.— Councillor Skelton claimed expenses.—The Revising Barrister : On what ground can you say this is a frivo- lous objection P—Councillor Skelton : I was objected to two years ago on the same ground.—Mr. Clayton : You have never appeared here.—Councillor Skelton : Oh, yes, I came here to substantiate the claim and Mr. Browne questioned me on the subject.— Mr. Clayton said that referred to the shop in Horse- market.street when the Company was formed.— Councillor Skelton persisted in his statement that the claim was with regard to the stable.—The Revising Bar- rister asked Mr. Skelton if he was sure it was about the stahle.—Councillor Skelton : It was for the present qualification, and Mr. Browne examined me about whether I had a horse and trap. Why sheuld he have asked me about a horse and trap if the objection did not refer to the stable ?—Mr. Clayton repeated that the objection was to Mr. Skelton being on the list for the shop after the Company was formed.—The Revising Barrister : If you are prepared to swear you are here on the same objection, then I am prepared to consider the question of expenses.— Councillor Skelton : lam prepared to swear that. —Mr. Clayton : I objected to him oa the ground that he was not entitled te be on for the shop in Elorseraarket-st., when the firm became a limited Company.—Councillor Skelton repeated that he had already proved that he was entitled to be on the list for the same qualification to which objection was now made.— The Revising Barrister here had Councillor Skelton sworn. 'The Revising Barrister to Mr. Skelton • You say you came to this Court to substantiate this Claim in respect of these very premises, this very stable situated in Cloth Hall Yard two years ago ?—Couacillor Skelton : Yes, I I did.—The Itevking Barrister : That you swear ?—Coun- cillor Skelton: I do.—The Revising Barrister : Very well then, I think the objection is more or less frivolous.— Expenses to the extent of ss. were allowed.—Mr. Clay- ton said he had made a note of what Councillor Skelton had said and he ceuld convince him that he was wrong. —The Revising Barrister : You have a remedy.—Mr. Clayton : Yes. I have made a note of it. You (Mr. Skelton) have done very well to get your vote, never mind expenses.—The meney was handed to Councillor Skelton and he left the Court. SEVEN IN A HOOSE.

W. Alfred Flayne;- Ciai-M67d--a—Edger vote for 67, Sankey-et. He said he paid £2 a month for a sitting- room and bedroom. In answer to Mr. Holbrook he admitted that other members of the family occasionally used the sittinvroom. There were seven in the family. The Revising Barrister thought there should be further evidence as to the claimant having the sole use of the sitting-room, and said he must disallow the vote until such evidence was produced.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
MISLEADING.

The Conservatives objected to the name of a woman remaining on the register. It appeared that the woman's name was Marv, but Mr. Holbrook had found out that the name on the rent book was Maria, and he accord- ingly objected to anybody named Mary having a vote for the house in question. Mary now appeared and proved that she was the Maria named on the rent book, and the objection fell through. Mary claimed expenses and the Revlsing Barrister allowed her 2s. Mr. Holbrook protested against having to par expenses in such a case, considering that the name on the rent book was Maria and not Mars, hut the Revising Barrister pointed out that the objection was that the woman was not the occu- pier whereas she was. She was not given an opportun- ity of making a declaration that her name was Mary and not Maria.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
A CONFLICT OF DATES.

John Clare, 17, Howard-street, Little Sankey, claimed a vote. Mrs. Clare appeared to support the claim. Mr. Clayton objected to its being allowed, stating that Mr. Clare only came from Penketh to Howard-street, in October last year. Mrs. Clare said they came on the 9th July. Asked if she would swear that that was the date, she said she would, and on being sworn she repeated that the date was the 9th July, and the vote was allowed. Mr. Clayton said his information was that the date was in October.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

Another meeting of the Emergency Committee of the Northern Union was held at the George Hotel, Hudders- field, on Thursday night. There were present Mr. J. Nichols, Halifax, in the chair, and Messrs. J. Clifford, Huddersfield ; H. Sewell,Leeds ; J.Warren, Warrington; and J. Platt, Oldham (hon. secretary). An applica- tion was made by Samuel Hall, Swinton, a player who had been suspended by the English Rugby Union for permission to play with the clubs in the Union, Union. The application was refused. It appeared that when Hall left Swinton some time ago to go to America he was presented with a sum of £25 by the Swinton club, and he was then suspended by the English Rugby Union, and has not yet been rein- stated. After referees had been appointed for matches on the 21st inst., the fixtures were then completed, and the meeting proceeded to consider the by-laws and rules governing the competition. The business had not con- cluded when the C)mmittee adjourned till Tuesday next at the Spread E.gle Hotel, Manchester, at five o'clock. Among the subjects considered was a suggestion to re- duce the number of forwards by two, to dispense en- tirely with line outs on the ground that they invariably resulted in scrimmages, and to play with a round ball instead of an oval ball, as it is believed there would be more accuracy in dribbling, passing, &c. The following are the local fixtures for the remainder of the season : January 4.—Runcorn v. Oldham, Warrington v. Wid- nes, Brighouse Rangers v. St. Helens. January 11.—Liversedge v. Warrington, Widnes v. Stockport, St. Helens v. Halifax, Bradford v. Runcorn. January 18.—Warrington v. Bradford, Wakefield rrinity v. Widnes, Stockport v. St. Helens, Runcorn v. Leeds.

----- January 25.—Hu1l v. Warrington, Widnes v. Wigan, St. Helens v, Batley.Huddersfiold v.. Runcorn.

February I.—Warrington V. Rochdale Hornets, Leeds v. Widnes, Hull v. St. Helens, Runcorn v. Brighouse Rangers. _ _ _ - - • ----

February B.—Huddersfield v. Warrington, Widnes v. Tyldesley, St. Helens v. Hunslet. February 22.—Warrington V. Liversedge, Widnes v. Huddersfield. Bradford v. Manningham. February 29.—Warrington v. St. Helens, Widnes v. Halifax, Runcorn V. Manningharn. February 15.—Oldham v. Widnes, Hunslet v. Warring- ton, Manuingham v. St. Helens, Runcorn v. Livers- edge.

February 18.—Widnes v. Leigh, Runcorn v. St. Helens.

March 7.—Warrington v. Tyldesley, Wiines v. Roch- dale Hornets, St. Helens v. Bradford, Wakefield v. Runcorn.

March 14.—Warrington v. Manningham, Brighousm Rangers v. Widnes, Leigh v. St. Helens, Rochdale Hornets V. Runcorn.

March 21.—Warrington v. Batley,Wigan v. St. Helena, Elunslet v.),Vidneß, Runcorn v. BrArlford: . .

March 28.—Broughton Rangers v. Widnes, Brighouse Rangers v. Warrington, Runcorn v. Wigan, Tyldesley V. St. Fh,lens.

April 3.—Warrington v. Runeorn, Widnes v. St. leletas. April 4.—l,Peds v. Warrington, Widnes V. Runcorn,St. felens v. Waseneld Trinity. April El.—Warrington v. Stockport, Widnes v. Hull,St. felens v. Brighouse Ringers, Runcorn V. Batley. April 7.—Warrington v. Wigan, Liversedge v. Widnes, t. Helens v. Leeds. Stockport v. Huddersfield. April 11.—Oldham v. Runcorn, Wakefield Trinity V. Varrington, Huddersfield v. St. Helens. April 18.—St. Helens v. Oldham, Widnes v. Warring.

April 20.—Broughton Rangers V. Warrington, Man- ningham V. Widnes, Rochdale Hornets V. S. Helene, Runcorn v. Halifax.

Apra 25.—Warrington v. Halifax, Batley v. Widnes, Liversedge v. St. Helens, Hull v. Runcorn.

On Thursday night, at a well attended meeting of the members of the L-igh R F.C., the action of the commit- tee in j iining the Northern Rugby Union was heartily endorsed.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
STATUS OF NORTHERN UNION PLANERS.

IMPORTANT ACTION BY THE NORTHERN COUN- TIES ATEILETIC ASSOCI&TION. There was a meeting of the Executive of this Associa- tion in Manchester on Weinesday night which was of a more important character than usual in the face of the uncertainty existing among athletes generally as to how the status of those runners would be affected, whi were members of the clubs in the Northern Bub

- Union. Mr. T. M. Abraham, of Crewe, a meinioer of • the Executive of the Association and a representative to , the Amateur Atheletic Association, had given notice of his intention toinquire if a ptaer who plays under the I rules of the N!rthern Poothali Union, and receivespay- meat for broken time, forfeits his am iteur ' status. In addition he had a proposal on the agenda to the effect that the secretary of the Amateur Athletic Association he requested to convene a meeting of the General Committee as early as convenient after the 19!:h inst. to coniider what attitude shall be taken with regard to Rugby football players Wiko receive payments for broken time. The meeting was presided over by Mr. R. Newton thodes, Bradfords Previous to the business being entered up in a long argu- ment ensued as to whether the deliherat!ons should be thrown open to the Press or conducted in private. Several of the members of the committee were in favour of the admission of the reporters, but it is understood that the Yorkshire representatives and others demurred to this, and it was ultimately decided to furnish an official note at the conclusion. Tie discussion was interesting, and after Mr. Abraham had withdrawn the first item standing in his name, the mai-wits, of the com- mittee spoke on his resolution to to, effect that the secretary of the Amateur Athle.tic Association be requested to call a meeting of the General Committee. Messrs. Beardsall, Hirst, Rhodes, B .nnett. Abraham, and others all expressed their views, which were naturally of a conflicting character, the majority - stoutly contending that payment f -at broken time should not rob a man of his amateur status, whilst Mr. Abra- hams, in particular, raised an opposite contention. The end of the discursive discussion was that Mr. Abraham's proposition was slightly amended and then passed,beiag made to read as follows :—" That tha secretary of the Amateur Athletic Association be ref/ iested to convene a meeting of ale General Committee as early as conveni- ent in November to consider what attitude shall be taken with reg.rd to Rugby footbal players who re- ceive paymmt for broken time." In a hlition to this, the following further resolution of great importance was passed :—" In the opinion of this committee a man who does siot receive payment for !srok-n time can way un- der the Northern Rugby Union rules without forfeiting his amateur status, but whether a placer who does re- ceive payment for broken time is a professional must be settled et a meeting of the Amateur Athletic Associa- tion proposed to be held in November."

===== 0002601_18950914_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
--- abbertiOntent not Claoiritb.

pADGATE WESLEYAN CHURCti, HARVEST s FESTIVAL. SUNDAY. SEP IIiMBFR 15711. 10.30 Rev. W. 4. TRIGGS. 6.30 Rev. G. D. MASON. • AFTERNOON SERVICS AT 2.30. Adaress by Rev. W. TIMMS. Specie. music at easb service. _ _ BOLD-STREET wESLEYAN CHURCH, WARMAN OTON. 10 3- Rev. 0. D. MAsON. 6.30 Rev. JOHN GUNNELL

wANITD, Goo (1111 E ; 14 ; fond of children ; good h me.—WILD, 147, Hyde road, Deatois, near Man- chester.

L2O STO Fts and Goodwill of Ice elm, Sweets. Toys, and Har 'ware. Shp on m sin roAd to a large nark • good living houie with large dry cellar,. J. HUNT 17, Ashton New-, at I Bewick Man 'heater

()rum OF AUOI Til Itill'EPAYEttB s AND OWNIIRS OF P 0 PRIM/ IN THE URBAN DISTRICT of LY.4151 In the County of Chester. virh.treas CHARLBS P. CORDIsON, Itsg , the Assistant DtArict Audit ir authorized by law to Audit the Accounts of the Re- ceipts an] Rxpenditure under the Public Ilea th t 1875, of us, the URBAN DISTRLOT COUNCIL ?or tha abore-named District, has appointed 10 15 o'clock in th-: FOR KNOON of THURiDAY, the 10th DAY of ISCITOBhIt. 1895, as the time, and the OFF CH of the COUNCIL, PR?PItII,-8 TRIDIT. • LULA, as the place, at which the Audit in the mid Ace mote for the year ended at 31at day of March, 1895, will be made : We. the said DISTRICT COUNCIL. hereby GIVE NOTICR, In pursuance of the add Act. that the Audit of the said Accounts will be made at the rime and Place so appointed as aforesaid: that any Itatrpayer or Owner of pro- perty in the said Distri t may be preseat at the Audit, and may make any objection to the said Accounts before the • Auditor ; and that a copy 01 the said Accounts dul , made up and balanced tog ther with all the rate boo is. account books, deeds, contracts, acconnte. you lasrs, ani receipts meutioned or referrea to In such Accounts. will he Oepositel in our Office at Pepper-street, Lymm, on TUBS DAY, the Ist DAY of OCTIII3t,R, 1895. and will be open therrat during office hoar, until th aid day of Auitit, to he inspect hat call person+ Intel-sate. who will he at libert ytt take copies of or extracts from the same without I,e or reward. Dated this 13th day of September, 1805. W. :BULLARD, Clerk to the District Council.

(-100 D plaha COOK, 24 to 26. charmer from last place ; family two, washing, no beer; £1.7 to El4.—Mas. BARSTOW. 1 Heath Avenue, Halifax.

1:114-0---LI) at once, smart well-br NAG, 6 pars, 15 I hands, good n sadd e and hasnesi arid sound with the exception of a slight bletni-h trial and written guarantee given if t +ken at ntnie ;14 gui 'esti, cost double.—BENTON. 27 Lord-street. Leigh. Lancashire.

LAW'S' WOOLLEN DRESS CLOTHS. Buy clln,ct from the manufacturers and save all middle- men's profits Serges, Vi !units, in Blue Ba lc Ruby, Pawn. Claret,Gray.6s..Bs.,lls ,full dress lengths cu-riage paid to any address. Our autumn and ~ inter pit erns are now ready. We invite you to write for them, Patterns free, need not be returned. By buying direct sou will s .ve 60 per cint , write at once and nava your money by buying direct from the mill. Elegance with economy.—NEW MI &L CO., Branch 4, Ware- house, 28 Oak Road, New Wortley, Leeds.

_ WANTED, a strong GENICIIAL, fond oe oldldren. —Apply GRANGE HOTEL, Tipto,-8., Openshlw, Mancheater.

AN Mo. Good COOK in small family in country ; good breadrnaker. ; churchwoman trot communicant ; wages Z3o.—Appir with references to Mrs. GISIOWSI.I., Maithall V.carage, Knutsford.

XTOTICR, Contractors Firmer', a•.d oth•rs, must be sold 1.1 at once to meet paym nt, useful strong black cart HOHSE, 8 3 ears 16 1 with bone, and master o great weights; warranted good worker ii,i. ay 4ears and sound, can be examined and ried before purchase ; price 40 guineas. —WiLics, 247, Twist-lade, West Leigh, Ldi .ashire ,

• c.BAccANIsTs oominencie and catalogue_ 1 (259 pages) 3d. —ToBaCCON re& utITFITTC sCi Co.. 186. Buston-rosi • London. Isst. 2866; angr,if r. MYER,.

BM% PARTII33, Qu :drille Bands always give satisfaction, ch,rges moderata.—Powz-L. musi- cian, Widnes.

(ILO I GERS WANTED.—Good aole ma ker cmstant work. k.,/ —Apply TAYLOR, Boot Department, Stainland Co-opera- tive Society, near Halifax.

-pox SAM—Wen-bred Come cOG, 14 months old, good worker.—Apply SHEPHERD, Moreton Co, bet CatCe,near, Shrewsbury.

WANTS]) General SHRVANT. resPretahle, must have good vharacter.—Apply 11, PARK AVENUE, Stockport- road,Longsight. Manchester.

QALB, Two Welsh COB i, 1411%015, vp.rranted so,ind.steady S' harness. five years old ; any trial, no dealers need apply.— 39, MARIE-STREET, Setberlield-road, North Kirkdale. Liverpool

HDROTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free) of Amateur-Photographers' Requisites ; new and second-haul ; cheapest house in the tr,de ; goods bought and exohangel —PTIOTOORAPRIC DEPOT, 71, Oxford-street, Man- chester (MI Saints).

MO BE DISPOSED OP at once, a g',ol Pri,4l Fish, Chtp 1 Potatoe Green Pets, Trip., and Mineral Water BUM- nees.—Apply Mrs. NUTTALL, 36, Qteen-st. Eariestown.

THE MORECAMBE DISASTER.

THE INC/DES-F.—REMARKABLE EVIDENCE. Some remarkable evidence was given at the adjourned inquiry into the death of the three victims of the More- cambe disaster. The manager of the Morecambe Pier Company said that in February last the Board received a report from Mr. Worthington, civil engineer, suggest- ing a practical reconstruction of the pier. He then bad his doubts, expressed in a minute, ahout the safety of the pier. The report was not acted upon by the Board. Mr. Worthington said that after inspecting the pier he recommended certain alterations and improvements, the , cost of which would be over £5OOO. He prepared esti- mates and plans for the directors in February last, but be had not since been consulted about the work. The cause of the disaster was corroded bolts. The oscillat.,. of the pier loosened the bolts and caused a continued corrosion. One defective bolt had been reduced from a weight of about 41b. to liib. The witness assented to a remark of the Coroner that the pierhead was "worn out, rotten, and insecure." There were, he said, hundreds of empty boltholea. When he made his report he did not expect a disaster, hut he certainly contemplated that something would at once he done to stengthen the pier. The inquest was adjourned until the 25th inst. In the meantime a Board of Trade Inspector is to examine thc pier.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
EXPECTED_ NW aWORKS FOR

ItIJNCO liN.

There are now good reasons for believing that the Aluminium Company, London and Birmingham, have secured land for the building of large chemical works in the immediate neigh bourhood of Runcorn, It is also reported that the Salt Union are proposing to make a new departure, and t hat they have par- chased land for the purpose of etne-ructing chemi- cal works, now or in the near future, close to where they at present carry oil operations in manufactur- ing salt, at Weston. The establishment of these works will, it need scarcely be said, give an im- petus to the trade of Runcorn which has for soma time now been in a depreseed condition.

,

si.A4l

===== 0002601_18950914_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Where to Goior my Holidays? This is a qlstion w c.h is now occupying the a tten tion of hundreds of our readers. Now the various health resorts of the British Pawls, as well as the Con- nent, will be *Alertly flacked with visitors. Second only in importance to Where to go to ? If, indeed, second to that is its natural corollary : How shall I de- rive the most benefit from my holiday? Now, any exp rieneed n7pAic al man will tell you tha a course of some suitable tonic medicine taken during the change will double the benefi,:ial effects of the holi- day. The appetite for food will be sharpened, the as- similating pow-rs of the stomach will be increased, the nervous system will he strengthened, the blood will he purified, and the indispensable "tone "regained by the system. mucn more certainly and effectually by such a course of medicine taken during the holiday alone or by ' the medicine alone. Each helps the other, and the ex- perienced in these matters always take both together. Great care, however, mast be exercised in the choice of your tonic. Many so-called remedit!s are absolutely injurious. Tnere, is. however, one which long and uni- Versal experience proves to be absolutely trustworthy, that can do no harm to the most delicate constitution, and has practically in every instance where it has been tried, even proved to be most beneficial, and, indeed, the most suitable tonic medicine for all such cases. This is the well-koown prep iration known as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. THE VEGErABLE TONIC. WILLT ARE ITS EFFECTS ? 1. It assists and proinotes Digestion. 2. It strengthens the Nerves and Muscles. 3. It Cleanses and Purifies the Blood. 4. It Enlivens the Spirits. 5. It ramoves all Obstructions and Impurities from the human body. 8. I• gives Tone to the whole system. Sold in Bottles at is. lid., 24.6 d., and 4s. 6d. each. Beware of Im,t itions ! See the name of., " Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp. and Bottle. Br,IP Proprietors : QUININE BUM ERS MANUFACTURING CO., LIMITED. LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

AN IatToDENT THEFT HT BOYS. On Thursday turning, at the Warringtow Borough Police Court, before the Mayor (Councillor James Fair- dough) and Messrs. S. Chandley and S. Wright, John Thomas Robinson (13). Fennell-street : James Dempsey (12), Mill-vard and James K;ng (11), 57, Hamilton-st., were all charted wi, h stealing from tie person of John Brirnelow (9). 213. Knutsfurd-road, in Sankey-street, on Wednesday ni.h ,he sum of is. 81. the cash of William Brimelow, his f ither —All pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable (Mr. S. Hunt), said that about 6 45 on Wed- nesday evening the boy, John Brimelow, was sent by his mother for two loaves to the Co-operative Stores. He was given 2s. 61. and received in change is 6d. in silver and 21. in copper wrapped up in a Stores' ticket. On getting out he had the Money in his hand and met the three detrndants close to the office of Mr. Connor in Satilr-y-atreet. Robinson snatched the cash from his hand ad Brimelow went home and told his mother woo tin m,diately reported the matter to the police. So-picion fell on the defendants who were ar- rested by S ,rgeant Taylor early an Thursday morning. and owing to the statement each made sep irately, he brought them both to the Police Station. They were ultimately charged with the theft and Robinson said "I took it ;" Dempsey said "I had 81. ; " and King said "j had nowt ; they ran away from me." Mr. H nt added that these lads were the same three who were ordered to be birched on the 12,.h August for taking a pony and cart from the maraet, and 'riving to Widnes.—S-rgeant Taylor in supplying further information with respect to the case, said it a opeared that the defendants had an arranged plan between them. All watched Brimelow enter the S,ores and Dempary followed and saw him tender 2.. 6 1., and then came out and told his compan- ions. They saw the complainant receive the change and then met him tvether. Robinson said "You have been a long time awa,c from home and you have got a bad shilling change. Brimelow at this naturally displayed the coin and Robinson immediately snatched it from his hand and in company with Dempsey ran through the market to the Central Station where the money was divided. King meanwhile disappeared down Horse- market-street. The other two spent the money and Robinson gave 31. to his mother.—The magistrates in deciding that strong measures were necessary to have any influence with the culprits sent Robinson to the ship " Clio " and ordered Demp. ey and sing to receive 12 strokes of the birch each.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT.

FalDAY.—Betore Mr. John Platt. (chairman), and Alder-

man Wright.

DRIINICENNESS Dumbell, 14, Railway-square, was tined ss. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Church-sti Pet the previous night. ALLEGED ASSAULTS.—WiIIiaM Bradbury, Old-road,was Chargeo witn as,aulting Margaret Clark, in Old-road,on August 31. No witnesses were called on either side and the case was dismissed. W illiam Bradbury also charged Thomas Hartley, Fountain-street,on the same date, with assaulc. but it was similarly dealt with for the same eason. SATIIIMAY.—Before Messrs. Jn oh Burgess (in thechair; . . .

===== 0002601_18950914_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
and S. Wright.

WIFE BEATING. —John Allan, of James-street, was charged with having beaten his wife, Mary Allen' on the 18th Augu4.—Complaloart stated that on the day in question she sent her adopted daughter on an errand, when the defendant ili-used her. She (complainant) then toid him to ill-use witness as he had done the child, whereupon he rushed at hr, and knocked her into the coal-bole. He there kicked her " something unmerci- fully." She wished the Bench would grant her as.para- tion order.—Defendant stated that c n the day in question his wife picked up a knife and threatened to stab him. He then had a struggle with her, during which she fell into toe coal-hole. He admitted having hit her in the face, but added that he did not attempt to kick her.— The Bench bound the defendant over to keep the peace for six months. MoNnay.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Alderman . .

Francomb, and- Mr. F. Monks.:

DRUNILENNESS.—Thomas Ruthin, for being drunk and disorderl in Bridge-st. on Saturday, was ordered to leave the town ; Edward Eastham for the same offence in Bridge-st.on Sunday, was fined 54 and costs ; Martin Higgins, 3, Vernon's-yard, Dial-st., was fined ss. for the same offence. AN "OLD VETERAN" AT THE POLICE COURT.—Frede- rick Owen was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Fennel-et. on Saturday night. P.C. Amson proved the case. rue prisi.ner said that he was very sorry,and if allowed to go away from the town he would not trouble the Hi nch again. He had come from Liverpool to see an Old s ,cran with whom he had fought in the Crimea and the Mutiny. He had got a little too much liquor.—The prisoner was discharged on promising to leave the town. UNLICENSED Docis —Joseph Da,y,nall, 6, Buckley-street, was discharAeci with a caution tor haying a dog with- out a license. REFUSING TO QUIT.—John Waldron. Earlestown, was charged with being drunk and disorderly and with re- fusing to quit the Lower Angel at 1 20 on Saturday afternoon. P.C. Evans said that outside the Lower Angel he saw the detendant making me of bad language and he also saw him strike the manager,Mr.Whitehouse. He was obliged to lock him up.—Mr. Whitehouse said that at about a quarter-past eleven the prisoner came into the Lower Angel and asked for Some beer, but wit- ness refused him, and had to put him into the entry. A sweep who had been sweeping the chimneys was in the entry, and prisoner then proceeded to knock him down, give him a black eye, and also burst his nose. He came into the house again,and witnoss told him to get out. He replied that he would go when he liked. Ha was the best fighting man in Warrington. Be did rot care for him (witne,s) nor Paddy Monaghan. (Laughter.) He then hit witness in the chest,and the police had to be sent for —Prisoner said that the sweep caused the bother,but the magistrates decid d to send the prisoner to gaol for one month's hard labour. TVESDAY.—liefure Messrs. R. Garnett (chairman), E. J. Guest, and Dr. smith. A QUOTATION FLOM THE BlBLE.—Francis O'Leary, a =tilted Bolton, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Scotland-road, on the previous night, and turther with having assaulted a man named William Monagban.—P.C. Marsh stated that he was in Butter- market-street, when he heard a riw going on in Scot- land-road. fie proceeded there and found the prisoner beating a man, who was on the floor defending himself the beet way he could. Prisoner was very drunk, and on the way to the police Station used most filthy lang. nage. William Monaghan stated that he was walking down Scotland-road on the previous night about eleven 'o'clock, when the prisoner rushed at him and said "You are the one." He (prisoner) struck witness and knocked him to the ground, when he commenced beating him.— Inspector Spinks stated that he bad to leav his bed about midnight owing to the noise prisoner was making in the CellS. His language was most filthy, and not fit, to fe expressP(l.—Prisaner stated that Monaghan struck -liim first, and when he was being taken to the Police Station the officer 4, beat him something cruelly."—At this stage the Chair- 1

man asked prisoner if be had ever read the Book of Pro- verbs. On his replying in the negative, the Chairman replied that if be had he would have remembered the question that Solomon asked, '6 Who hath wounds with- out a cause ?"—The Bench fined prisoner 104. and costs, or in default 14 days' imprisonment. A SUSPICIOUS CimeacTEß.—Patrick Burns, last from Bolton, was charged with having (he being a suspicious character) frequented Legh-street and King-street on the previous night.--P.C. Gibbs stated that about midnight he saw the prisoner turn out of Sankey-street and go up Lesh-street. He stopped and listened at the door of the Baths, and then went along Flag-lane into King-street, where he tried the door and windows of the offices of Messrs. Voisev and Worthington. He (prisoner) must then have seen witness, for he hurried away, but was subsequently arrested in Bank-street.--Prisoner stoutly denied the charge of stopping and trying the windows of the offices in King-erreet.—The Peach sent him to prison for seven days with hard labtur,

WEDNESDAY —Before Mr. J. B. Fleming. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Mary Hulse was sent to gaol for seven days' hard labour for being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-st. on Tuesday sight.—Ser- geant Taylor said that he found the defendant intoxi- cated in Buttermarket-st. on the night in question, and she was using the filthiest language he ever heard come out of a woman's mouth,

RUNCORN PE r fiE SESSIONS MONDAY.—Before Messrs. H. Reynolds and P. Speakman. LicsNsiNci.—Permission to sell was granted to Alfred ' Widders, at the Mersey Vaults, Mersey-at., lately occu- pied by Samuel Houghton, and to Henry John de Corte, at the Holyhead Harbour, previously held by Luke Holmes. DRUNKENNESS.—Mary Ann Atherton, Weston, had to pay the costs for being drunk and disorderly in Heath- road on the 31st August. • AN EARLY MORNING Pas-rum—Michael Corcoran and Margaret Connolly were charged with being drunk and disorderly in Mersey-A. at one o'clock on Sunday morn- ing and also with assaulting P.C.'s Gregory and Wvlie,at the same time and place.—Constable Gregory stated that at live minutes past one on Sunday morning he was on duty in the neighbourhood of the Police Station, and hearing a cry of murder he went to Mersev-square and there found Corcoran kicking is wife. On interfering with him the man struck him, and Connolly came upon the scene, saying he should not be locked up. She also struck him.—P.C. Wylie gave similar evidence, and stated how he was assaulted.—lnspector Hicks read over previous convictions, and stated that it appeared to be the opinion of some people that they could make foot- balls of the police in the early hours of the morning, when there was no one near to assist them.—The pri- soners denied the offence, but they were each fined 63. and 83. costs for being drunk and disoderly, or seven days; 10a. and costs 65., or 14 days for the assault on P.C. Gregory, and also 10s. and 6s. costs, or 14 days for the assault on Wylie. THE Doos.—William Peacock, 2, Brook-st., Runcorn, was fined for keering a dog without a license on August 21st, and John Finch, Mar;th Gate Farm, Norton, bad a fine imposed on him for allowing his dog to be at large without a muzzle on the 29th ult.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS v. IMAM AND CADISHEAD. —This arranged match played on Saturday brought about the finish of a good cricket season for the Engineers, the batting and bowling averages are very good and will appear shortly. The Engineers went to Irlam to play the above match, but owing to the fo3t- ball season having commenced, could only muster five of the first eleven toe other six places had to be filled with second eleven naKi, with the result of a defeat of the Engineers. Score : XIGINEIRS. IRLAM. 'locket D Arstall 2 Arstall o Irvine b Monks 7 Monks b T Taylor Lawless stp T Taylor b Whitntm 0 Irvine b L Taylor 1 Monks 6 Irvine b L Taylor 0 Raiford' 'handled the ball" 8 Harrison c Brookes b Yarwood c Hlgham b Arstall Deeley b Arstall Warhurst b Arstall ...... .... 2 Taylor c Hackett b Cinders stp T Taylor b L H .rrison 0 Taylor 1 L Taylor b Lawless 6 Hogg b L Taylor 4 Wrig ey b Lawless Higham not out Plinston c M, hitham b Kell c Plinston b Harrison 8 Taylor 0 Extras 1

Extras

Total SANKEY WES LEYANS Y. CAIRO•STREET UN ITY . Played at Arpley or Saturday. Score : CAIRO-STREET UNITY SA NKEY WESLEYAN& Sileock et Roderick b Watkins e Hampsea b Taylor ll Shaw 5 Duckworth b Taylor Hampson b Taylor 2 Booth b Woods 1 Woods c Highley b Taylor e and b Shaw 25 Watkins 1 D Roderick st Hampson b Crompton b Watkins 6 Dunk worth g Eden lbw b Taylor Shaw run out Rhodes b Watkins Bennett b Taylor 0 Highley b Shaw Cork b Tayba. Rudd not rut Gorst not out 2 Extras 1 Jixtras

Totitl

Total 54

PENICETIESLEYANS V. NUT() ROVE W ESLEYANS.:- Played at Nutgrove on Saturdly, and resulted in a win for the visitors by 32 runs. For Pon troth, Barlow took 8 wickets for 22 tuns,and Wilkinson 4 wickets tor 29 runs. Score : WUTGROVE WESLEYANS, PENEETH WES EVANS.

, ..-.—.-. a Lavcock c H Barlow b E Wilkinson c Laycock- b B Wilkinson 8 Stewart J Kill b H Barlow 0 A Seed b Laycook J Butler 0 Winstanley b A Appleton b Lavcock H Barlow J Stewai t lbw b 4 Ba-low 0 St-wart A Pen ington c Dunabin H Barlow c Pye b Stewart 2O b H Bar:ow J Tyrer b E Wilkinson 4 b Stewart G Pye c Dunabin b B F Wilkinson c A b Stewart 8 Wilkinson 7 B Ashton b J Hill 0 W Liptrot c Davies b H T Davies b Stewart 6 Barlow B Hill c Bowyer b E W Jacason b J Hill 2 Wilkinson 2 J Gaskell b II Barlow 5 J Birch not out 9 Extras 1 Extras 2

Total 52

Total B4

===== 0002601_18950914_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRESS OF ELEIIENTA.RY

EDUCATION.

ACCOMMODATION, ATTENDANCES, AND GRANTS

IN WARRING WN SCHOOLS.

The annual report of the Committee of the Privy Council on Education j.,=s: issued for 1895 shlws that there were last years 5,198,741 children on the registers of the elementary schools ~1 Eegland and Wales, as cm- pared with 5,128,373 in 1893 and 5,008,979 1892. The proportionate growth of the number of children in the schools is greater than the estimated growth ot the popu- lation of the country. There has also been a great im- provement in the regularity of attendance. The number of frce schsiols and free scholars shows a steady increase, and lant year 18,289 schools were frae as compared with 15,914 ire the previous year. Of the 5,189.741 scholars only 821,000 pay fees, the large num- ber of 4.277,741 receiving their education free. The denominational classification of the schools last year and the year belore was as follows :- 1893. National or Church of England Wesleyan

- Roman Catholic British. Undenominational, drc 1.290 Board Schools

Vital 19,682

1894. 11,897 603 SB5 1 220 5.151

19.756

It will be seen that Board Schools and Roman Catho- lic Schools have increased, and that the others have de- creased. . . .

The cost of education has increased : the average cost per head of the scholars in 1894 WAS £2 24. eld., as compared with £2 1. 911. in the previous vear. In the county of Lancaster there are now 1,784 schools having 712,688 schnhirs on the register, the average cost per annnm per scholar in average attendance being £1 19. 81d. The following is the list of the schools inspected last year in the War.inron School District, giving (1) the name of the school,(2) the number of scholars for whom accommodation is provided, (3) the average attendaqce and (4) the amount ef annual grants Accommo- Average Amount dation, attend- of

Name if School.

provided. ance. grants. £ s. d. CoOkhedge l9B ... 170 ... 127 5 0 Hamilton-street Heath-side 1.301 ... 689 ... E 63 17 8 Ladies' School of Industry Latchford National „ Roman Catholic ~ St. James' 699 415 ... 366 0 11 St. Alban's St. Ann's 735 ... 528 ... 483 17 6 St. Barnabas' 436 ... 301 ... 274 9 6 St. Benedict's St. Marrs St. Peter's Silver-street The Mount 760 ... 510 ... 514 11 0 Trinity 5ll ... 417 ... 391 15 6 Warrington British 1,212 ... 1,038 ... 1.117 4 0 Parish 1.116 ... 647 ... 602 18 0 .. Wycliffe

1 There has been a strange development of the alleged attempted wife member at Crosby-on-Eden. Matthew Elliot, who died a few days ago in gaol, IA as charged with putting laudanum in some tea which he gave his wife to drink. She after taeitine the tea put it in a bottle and handed it over to the police. The county analyst has just reported that after a most careful examination he found that the tea contained no laudanum nor other preparation of opium, i

===== 0002601_18950914_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
_ ' . . _ ' _

A 110,140,444

'4:

===== 0002601_18950914_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. sATUR'WY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1895.

informed that the committee were for several hours oc- cupied in arranging fix ' tures and had also before th!m an imeortant question in the shape of an application from Joe Smith, of Salford, to play with the Union. Smith, it will be remembered, was suspended for pro- fessionalism la t season, unaer the rules of the Rugby Union. and as one of the reasoes why the clubs which form the Northern Ullion seceded frern the Rugby Unien was the refusal of the former organisation to allow payment to players for brokeii ttnae, unusual interest attached to the decision in Smith's case. After a long consideration,the committee refused the application,and thus made it manifest that they distinctly disfavour pro- fessionalism, apart from the question of broken time. Another matter which was oiscussed was the constitu- tion of the Committee of Mamie ,rneut, but nothing was decided upon this point, though it was suegested that the body should eorfsist of fifteen representatives-- , namely, five from Laneaehire clubs, five from Yorkshire clubs, and five from clubs from other counties which may in the future join the Union,the idea being to widen the area of the organisation. Attention was also given to the rules which are to govern the Ueion, and they are to be Again considered at future meetings of the Commit- tee. The fixtures for the first half of the season were definitely arranged, but thee for the second half require further adjustment, and an endeavour will be made to complete them at an adjourned meeting of the commit- tee at Fledder,field. - The following matches were arranged for to-day,Satur- day and referees appointed. Lu each case the match will be played on the ground first named : Hui:islet v., Oldhern ; referee, A Brown (Brighouse). rtilgtOn v. Hull ; retwee, J Boydell (Leigh). Livers .dge v. Wigan; referee, W. Robinson (Manning- ham). Widnes V. Leeds; referee, W. Dillon (Warrington). St. Helens v. Runcorn; referee, J. H. Smith (Widnes). Stockport v. Leigh ; referee, H. Court (Oldham). Tyldesley V. Bradford ; referee, J. W. Clegg (Wigan). Brighouse Rangers v. Rochdale Hornets ; referee, W. H. Bairstow (Hunslet). Mannineham v. Be lev ; referee, J. Watts (Leeds). Huddersfield v. Wakefield Trinity ; referee, W. Rayner (Batley). Brouebton Rangers V. Halifax ; referee, J. Slevin (Wigan). The following are the ca her fixtures up to the end of the year : September 21.—Broughton Rangers v. Huddersfield, Oldham V. Ts !desire.. Bradford v. Warrington, Wakefield Trinity v. Wigan, Halifax v. Widnes, Batley V. St. ' Helens, Leigh v. Mennineham. Runcorn v. Rochdale Hornets. Leeds v. Brighouse Rangers, Hull v. Liver- sedge, Steckpnrt v. Hunslet. September 28 —Widnes v. Broughton Rangers,Palifax v. Oldham, L Yeti v. Warrineton. Wigan V. Tyldesley, St. Helens v. Stockport, Reclidale Hornets v. Bradford, Manniiigham v. Runcorn, Brighouse Rangers v. Wake- field Trinity, Leeds v. Hull, Liversedge v. Hunslet, Huddersfield v. Batley. October 5 —Br ergliton Rangers v. St. Helens, Oldham v. Batley, Runcorn v. Warrington, Wigan v. Widnes, Leigh v. Tyldesley, Liversedge v. Rochdale Hornets, Leeds v. Stockpot, Wakefield Trinity v. Manningham, : Bradford v. Bunslet, Hull v. Halifax, Huddersfield v. Brighouse Ringers. October 7.—Warrington v. Broughton Rangers, Old- ham v. Wakefield Trinity, Hull v. Widnes (October 11), Bradford v. Sr. Helens, Hunelet v. Leigh, Tyldeeley v. Halifax, Rochdale Hornets v' Stockport, Liversedge v. Runcorn, Manninehatn v. fleddersfield (0 !tober 8.) Batley v. Leeds (September 17), Brighouse Rangers v. Wigan. Oct;ober 12.—Rochdale Hornets v. Broughton Ringers, Hull v. Oeniam, St. Helens v. Warrington, Wigan v.' Bradford, Widnes v. Liversedge. Batley v. Leigh. Tyldes- ley v. Runcorn, Huddersfield V. S,nckport, Wakefield Trinity v. Leeds, Manningham v. Brighouse Rangers, Hunslet v. Halifax- October 19.—Broughton Rangers v. Tyldesley, Old- hem v. Bradferd. Werritigton v. Wakefi4d Trinity, Wigan v. Menningh urn, Leigh v. Widnes, St. Helens v. Hull, Halifax v. Reclidele Hornets, Stockport v. Liver- sedge, Beley v. Rencorn, L•eds v. Huddersfield, Brig- house Rangers v. Ilunslet. October 26 ---'Waketield Trinity v. Broughton Rangers, Widnes v. Oldham, Stoekport v. Warrington, Rochdale Hornets v. Wigan. St. Helens v. Tyldeeley,Leigh v. Run- corn, Manningham v. Bradford, Halifax •. Brighouse Rangers, Hunslet v. Leede, Batley v. Liversedge, Hud- dersfield v. Hull.

Novemb.-r 2.—Broughton Rangers v. Stockport, Old- ham v. Manningliam, Wigan v. Warring,ton,Tyldesley V. Widnes, St. Helens v. Leigh, Liversedge v. Rochdale Hornets, Runcorn v. Hudder,field, Hunslet v. Wakefield Trinity, Bradford v. Batley. Halifax v. Leeds, Hull V. Brighouse Rangers. November 9.—Broughton Rangers v. Bradford, Leigh v. Oldham, Warrington V. Leeds, Wigan v. Runcorn, Widnes v. Wakefield Trinity, St. Helens v. Hunsiet, Batley v. Tyldesloy, Huddersfield v. Rochdale Hort- ets, Stockport v. Hull, Maimiugham V. Halifax, Brighouse Rangers v. Liversedge. Ni'vember 18.—Brighouse Rangers v. Broughton Ran- gers, o.dham v. Stockport, Batley V. Warrington, St. Helens v Wigan, Hoch isle Hornets v. Widnes, Wake- field Trinity v. Leigh, Runcorn v. Tyldesley, Bradford v. Halifax, Leeds v. Winningham, Liveraedge v. Hud- dersfield, Hull v. Hunslet. November 23.—Broughton Rangers v. Hull, Warring- ton v. Oldham, Widnes v. Brighouse Rangers, Leigh v. Halifax. Rochdale Hornets v. Wakefield Trinity, Stock- . port v. Runcorn, Manningham v. Tyldesley, Liversedge v. Bradford, Huddersfield v. Wigan, Hunslet v. Batley, St. Helens V. Leeds.

November 30 —Oldham V. Rochdale Hornets, Wigan

v. Hunslet, St. Helens v. Huddersfield, Runcorn- V. Broughton Rangers, Halifax v. Batley. Bradford y.Brig- h ouse Rangers. Leeds v. Liversedge Hull v. Manning- ham, Leigh v. Wakefield Trinity,Tyldesley v.Warrington Stockport v. VVidoes. December 7.—Wigan v. Hull, Widnes v. Bradford, Leigh v. BrouAton Rangers, Rochdale Hornets v. Leeds, Manningham v. Warrington, Brighouse Rangers v. Runcorn, Liversedge v. Oldham, Batley v. Stockport, Hunslet V. 'Fvldesley,fluddersfield v. Halifax, Wakefield Trinity v. St. Helens. December 14 —Broughton Rangers v. Hunslet,Oldham v.St.Helens,Warrington v. Brighouse Rangers,Halifax V. Wigan, Huddersfield v. Widnes, Runcorn v. Leigh,Stock- port v. Tyldesley. Batley v. Rochdale Hornets, Hull v. Wakefield Trinity, Bradford v. Leeds, Liversedge v. Manningham. December 21.—St. Helens v. Broughton Rangers, Old- ham v. Wigan, Rochdale Hornets v. Warrington,Widnes v. Batley, Hull v. Leigh, Tyldesley v. Leeds. Manning. ham v. Stockport, Halifax v. Runcorn,Wakefield Trinity v. Liversedge, Brighouse Rangers v. Bradford, Hunslet V. Hodder field. December 25.-01.lham v. Broughton Rangers, War- rington v. Huddersneld, Wigan V. Stockport, St. Helens v. Wigan, Rochdale Hornets v. Leigh, Halifax v. Tvldes- ley, Runcorn v. Hull, Wakefield Trinity v. Bradford, Manninghain v. Hunslet, Liversedge v. Leeds, Batley v. Brighouse Re tigers. December 26.—Broughton Rangers v. Manninghasn, Leeds v. Oldham, Warrington v. Leigh, Tyldesley v. Wigan, Bradford v. Widnes, St. Helens v. Liversidge, Hull v. Rochdale Hornets, Stockport V. Batley, Runcorn v. Hunslet, Halifax v. Wakefield Trinity, Brighouse Rangers v. Huddersfield. December 28.—Batley v. Broughton Rangers, Oldham v. Warrington, Wigan v. Brighouse Rangers, Manning- ham V. Widnes, Halifax v. Sr. Helens, Liversedge V. Leigh, Hull v. Tyldesley, Hunslet v. Rochdale Hornets, Wakefield Trinity v. Stockport, Leeds v. Runcorn,Hud- dersfield v. Bradford. January I.—Broughton Rangers v. Liversedge, Brig- houSe Rangers v. Oldham Halifax v. Warrington, Wigan v. Batley, Widnes v. Flunslet,St. Helens v. Man- ningham, Leigh v. Rochdale Hornets,Tyldesley V. Hud- dersfield, Stockport v. Leeds, Runcorn v. Wakefield Trinity, Bradford v. Hull. -

===== 0002601_18950914_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

(11.E0. G. BUSSEY & CU.. at, th leading makers of appli- ances for Football, Hockey. Golf, Lacrosse and all Sports sndGames,also forpymnasium and Physical Exercises. Illustrated i.,atalogue m oir be obtained from Local Dealers or the SPURTS MANUFACTORY, LOati•Nß

===== 0002601_18950914_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUUBY LEAGUR

WARRINGTON v. HUNSLET.

The Warrington club having joined the Northern Rugby Union,they commenced their season's programme by meeting the well-known Yorkshire club, Elunslet, at the Wilderspool enclosure on Saturday. A large amount of interest has been taken in Warrington in the recent developments in Rugby foothall,and general satisfaction has been expressed with the action of the local club in throwing in their lot with the rest of the secessionists, one reason being that such a first-class list of fixtures has been arranged. The day on Saturday was a little too sultry for careering about a field for 70 minutes, but nevertheless, this feat was done, and the players gave an excellent exposition of Rugby football. About 6,000 spectators assembled to witness the two clubs finally commit themselves to the new order of things by playing in the "close "season. Mr. Slevin, of Wigan, acted as referee,and a little after the advertised time, the follow- ing teams took the field to fight for their first points in the Northern League :—Warrington Boscow,full back; Barber, O'Brien, Burton, and Carey, three-quarters ; Bate and Foclen, half backs ; Turner, Taylor, DAM, Nevins, Berry, Sankey, Saunders, and Swift, forwards. Hunslet : W. Goldthorpe, full back ; Hannah, Wright, Townsend, and Mitchell, three-quarters ; Lapping aid Gillings, half backs ; Kaye, Walsh, Deacon, fdawson, Rubry, Barraclough, Greenwood and Hill, forwards. Barber won the toss and set the Tykes to defend the railway goal, and during the first half Hunslet were in- coneenienced by the sun. Kaye kicked off, and the re- turn by O'Brien found the centre. Here play remedied for a time, but gradually Hunslet worked their way to ri.e 25 flag. They did not become really dangerous, however, for Boscow,Barber, and Burton were too alert. A round of passing between Burton, Berry, Taylor, and Swift soon restored lost ground. A number of line mite here took place,and Turner was especially prominent by the manner in which he took possession of the ball. Bate now broke away, and was not floored until he reached Goldthorpe at the visitors' quarter flag. The game pro- ceeded with alternate advantage and a fine hit of play by the Hunslet men was loudly applauded. Walsh ob- taining possession,raced away, and being well supported ' the ball quickly pissed into the hands of Gillings,Towns- end, and Mitchell, the last Vass however being forward. This put Hunslet on th.: off ensivi , and Warringten had some anxious me ments,but Boscow was not found want- ing. Hunslet, to use a cricketim; phrase,seemed to have become set in the old lines, when suddenly, Bate smartly gathering up the ball after a scrimmage passed to Barber. The skipper passed off and after a good run passed to Burton. When near the 25 flag he passed to O'Brien, and that player was pulled to earth within a yard or two of the coveted line. This was a narrow escape indeed for Hunslet. The latter carried the ensu- ing scrimmage, and e gain took play to the opposite end. IA bit of play now ensued which fairly electrified the 1 spectators. From a 'scrimmage near the Warrington goal posts, Foden go possession, and passed to Bate. The latter passed to Burton, and thence the ball passed through the hands of the majority of the team, the for- wards passing as well as the backs,and before Foden was floored finally,the ball had got to the opposite end of the field. This effort truly deserved a score. A free kick against Warrington for an informality spoiled the ad- vantage gained, but this was well counterbalanced by a single handed or rather single footed dribble by oankey. This was supplemented by Burton, and had not the referee been unintentionally in the way, a certain try would have been scored by Turner or Taylor. The ball however struck the referee when d very short distance from the line, and thus gave the Hunslet men time to stave off the danger by kicking dead. The remainder of the half was pretty even, but Barber had very hard lines in missing a score on one occasion. The interval arrived with a clear sheet. The play in the second half was very attractive, each side nutting in some pretty passing. Turner commenced operations, and there being no return, play settled in the Yorkshire territory, and continued there some time, but Goldthorne was exceptionally safe, and Warrington could not score, although they were very near it some- times. The Hunslet team gradually recovered lost ground, and along kick by Mitchell, reached Boscow on his own goal line. His return was charged down by Walsh within a few yards off the line,to the great dismay of Warrington. Fortunately, however, it rolled into touch, and from the line out, Warrington gained a little ground, through the instrumentality of Turner and Tay- lor. This relief was but brief, and the attack was again renewed. Boscow attength made his mark, but Walter Goldthorpe getting possession after :the kick, he rushed away to the open, and from near half way, he dropped a splendid goal, and this drew first blood, putting his side from points ahead. The Hunslet team showed their appreciation of this performance, but their joy was of short duration. Warrington was fairly on the mettle now, and after Turner's kick off, thoy played with as lunch vigour as th,m4h the game had only just c mene,ed, and fairly outplayet their oppanents. A des- perate rush was then made, and the ball was got over the line. Fader' dropping on the ball he opened the scor- ing account for Warrington for the present season. The game was not yet won,for Warrington were still a point behind, and as the try was scored far out near the touch line, there were many anxious glances at Burton as he got the ball in position from the place kick. H. took an unusual time from this, but the result justified him, and terrific cheering ensued when from the difficult angle, the ball was seen to sail over the cross bar, and Warrington were a point ahead. The game continued with unabated vigour, but it was chiefly in mid flelii,and when the whistle blew for the cessation of hostalities, Warrington had won a well earned victory, by a placed goal (5 points), to a dropped goal (4 points), and thus gained their first two points in the League.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON v. RONCORN.—The initial fixture OR the Warrington Card was played on Saturday last at Run- corn. There was a good number of spectators. It was noticed that E. Connor, J. Mather and Evans , were not in the team. Williamson also was a notable absentee. Norman kicked off, and putting his left wing in posses- sion at the right moment enabled Connor and Selby to make good headway, the latter's shot going wide, from the kick out the honaester's forwards made tracks hut feund a stumbling block in Limmond who, kicking judi- ciously placed his side again on the aggressive, Jewkes's shot being finely cleared. Warrington still kept up the pressure and experienced hard lines on several occasions. Half time arriving with no score. On resuming Runcorn made play on the left but Marshall, being on the spot, broke up the combination finely and with a huge kick quickly transferred play to the other end. Not to be denied, however, Runcorn again came down and eluding the hacks Walker drew first blood with a daisy cutter, I Webster having no chance to save. At the restart War- rington came away with a rush. Smithson transferring o Conner at close quarters. his shot being cleared at the expense of a cortr‘r ; the ball was now hobbing up and down in front of goal for some moments, until lewkes shot over the bar. Through some good back play War- rington were quickly in front of goal once more, Smith- son again passing across to Connor, that player making a good attempt which rebounded off the Runcorn goal- keeper in the vicinhy of Selby, who promptly notched the equalising' point. This was the only other point scored, the whistle blowing with the score one goal each. . .

_ ST. ELPHIN'S V. CHESTER RESERVE.—This match SCRS played on the ground of the latter on Saturday before about 500 spectators. Dugdale kicked off for the visitors, who criickly made tracks for the home goal and, from a pass by Dandy, Hickenbottom opened their account with a grand shot against which the goalkeeper had no chance. From the re-start the home right wing took the ball well down and a miskick by Hunter gave them an opening which Lipsham took advaetage of, equalizing the score but the Saints were not to be denied and soon made the score into two, by the aid of Dendv but about a minute after Lipsham again made the score equal. From the kick off the visitors fairly kept their opponents on the defence King adding two more goals with long shots which completely beat the home custodian, half time arriving with the score 4.2 in favour of the visitors. Shortly before time Hatton made the score into 5 which left St.Elphins with a well earned victory by 5 goals to 2. HOLY TRINITY V. BRICK-STREET MISSION.—rhe first matt:ill of the season between these two teams took place at Howley on Saturday. The Trinitarians won the toss, and commenced hostilities with the wind. J. Pugh opened the scoring, with a high shot. The Trinitarians warmed to their work, Appleton passed to Haddockand he centred to J. Pugh, who scored the second goal. Nothing more was scored up to half time, when the homesrers were leading by two goals to nil. The second half was evenly contested, and exchange kicking by the resp,ctivo backs was the order, and an appeal for hands by the Mission in front of the Trinity goal came to naught. The visitors played with more determination, and Legge scored with a good shot, which Taylor failed to fist out. Another rush by the Trinity kept the Mis• sion defence busy, and a fine centre by Rigby into he goal mouth resulted in %V. Miller scoring. Nothing more was scored, and when the whistle sounded the Trinitari- ans ran out winners of a good game by three goals to one.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

An impertant meeting of the uh-committee of the recently established Northern Rugby Union was held at the Spread Eigle Bo's.' in Manchester on Tuesday even- ing. Mr. H. El. Waller (nriglsouse) presided, and the other members of the committee present were Messre. J Nichol (Halifax), A. Fattormi (Manningham), H. Sewell (Le•do, J. Clifford (Huddersfield), E Gresty (Brough- ton Rangers), J. E. Warren (Warrington), J. R. Smith (Widnes), J. Quirk (Leieh), and J. Platt (Oldham). The meeting was private, but the press representatives were

===== 0002601_18950914_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
RECOG I'l TON ME 111 TING AT WARRINGTON.

THE NEW WESLEYAN MINISTER.

A meeting was held at the Bold-street Wesleyan school- room on Monday evening for the purpose of welcoming the Rev. W. G. I riggs, who has come to labour in War- rington Wesleyan circuit for the next three years. There have been several changes iR the circuit of late. The Rev. John Kirtlan, who has held the office of superinten- dent of the circuit for the past three years, has left and gone to the Doncaster circuit. The Rev. Owen Watkins who was formerly the second minister, has now been app Anted superintendent, and the former third minister The Rev. G. D. Mason has been promoted to the second. The vacancy for the third minister has been filled by the Rev. W. G. Triggs, for the purpose of welcoming whom, the meeting was held on Monday evening. There was a geed attendance, and the chair was occupied by one of the circuit stewards, Mr. R. G. Henshall. There were also present en the platform, the Revs. Owen Watkins, G. D. Mason, W. G. Triggs, ald John Gunnell, Councillor Shaw Green, and Messrs. R. Garnett J. P.,W. C. Nicholson and E. %own. On the trent of the platform was the word "Welcome" in large letters, and the room was also bedecked with flags. The CHAIRMAN in his opeting speech,after apologising for the absence of Mr. William Richardson, the senlor circuit steward, said that they were met that night to welcome their newly appointed minister and his wile,the Rev. W. G. and Mrs. Triggs. He was afraid that com- bog from the sunny south to the town of Warrington with its smoke and smells, must have been rather a rude shoJk. They could not give him the beautiful landscapes of the south, but they could prove that the Methodists of Warrington were as loyal to their ministers and as earnest, warm and hearty as their brethren in the south (Applause.) Personally, he was very pleased to offer Mr. Triggs a welcome that night, as to him and to Mr. Bennett it represented the successful issue of a tough struggle which was fought over the body of Mr. Triggs at the Conference at Plymouth. (Laughter.) They had been informed by the Stationing Committee at Plymouth that Mr. Triggs was to go to the Manchester mission and that for Warrington, the name of Mr. Daniel Eva was to be put down. Ile (Mr. Henshall), and Mr. Richardson saw Mr. Watkins on Monday morning, and that gentle- man told them that if they wished to get Mr. Triggs, they must fight like Kilkenny cats. (Laughter.) They did fight, and now he was glad to say that they had got Mr. Triggs. (Applause.) They had also that night a new superintendent, and a new second minister in the Rev. Owen Watkins, and the Rev. G. D. Mason. He hoped that the three ministers weuld have a prosperous year, and he trusted that Mr. and Mrs. Triggs would , s)on settle down and that they Would be a blessing to the circuit. (Applause.) The Chairman added that letters of apology for non-attendance had been received from Miss Resale Dutton,Mr. Brough,Dr. T. S. Smith J.P.,and Mr. J. W. Hayward J.P. Mr. W. C. NicnoesoN, said that he, as representing the Bold-street society, offered to their newly appointed minister a very cordial welcome to the Warrington cir- cuit, and to Bold-street. He (the sp)aker) was in a very unique position as a local preacher. He was a local preacher of the fourth generation. (Applause. His great grandfather was appointed to take charge of a church society and to conduct monthly services near Bedford and was a preacher for many years. His grandfather - was a local preacher in the same circuit, and his father occupied that honoured position for many years. Ho (Mr. Nicholson) also received his credentials as a fully accredited local preacher in the same circuit. He well remembered coming to Warrington, r and his name being at the bottom of the plan, and he was now number four with 31 good men and true below him. He offered a loyal welcome to Mr. Triggs on behalf of the local preachers, and he trusted that a most successful year would be spent. Mr. R. GARNETT said that that meeting augured well for the future of the circuit. He was glad to 808 the heartiness and manifestation they had of it at that meet- ing. It augured well for future progressive work. Be thought that the Christianity of the present day was in many respects very mechanical. The services were mechanical, the Sabbath observances were mechanical, and there was a want of that earnest spirit which he seemed to remember in his younger days. They used to sing the hymns for believers fighting such as " Sur- rounded by a host of foes,stormed by a host of foes with- in." Now they had the singing done by a cultured choir who eang " Art thou weary, art thou languid, art thou sore distresed, Come to me saith one and coining, ISe at rest." (Laughter.) There was too much ease in Zion, and too little earnestnees. He prayed that the blessing

of God would rest upon the man who had been ap- pointed the minister for the coming year. He had heard it stated that God never removed one servant without sending a better one. That might have been true or un- true, but he really believed that in Mr. Triggs they had got a man who would serve them well, whose heart was in his work, and be hoped and trusted that by the end of a year's work there would be the ingathering of many souls. (Applause.) The Rev. W. G. Tams, who was very warmly re- ceived, said that he had heard on competent authority that Warrington was absolutely destitute of enthusiasm, but he would have to nail that to the counter as a lie after that night. He felt uncomfortable—they would all understand that—(laughter)—and he hardly knew what to say, but he thanked them most heartily for the most cordial welcome they had given to Mrs. Triggs and himself. They were welcoming the new minister and his wife. He hoped they would learn to appreciate the man and his wife. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He had no love for recognition meetings. He was that night on exhibition. (Laughter.) Het hoped they were satis- fied. (Renewed laughter.) It was not pleasant to be exhibited, hut he hoped that he might exhibit himself in the homes of the people, and get to know them,and nave as hearty a welcome there—(applause)—as they had given him that night. It was his most earnest desire to get inside their homes as quickly as possible. He had asked for a visiting list, but until he had that he was helpless. Of Warrington he had heard a great many pleasant things,he had heard nothing but good,save that scandal he had already reported to them. Everybody told him that it would do him good to go from the luxurious south to the north. He trusted that by coming north, he would be strengthened spiritually. He had been told that the south loved body while the north loved brains, that the north went in for force, and the south for finish, the north for sense, and the south for sentiment. (Laughter.) He had also been told that the Lancashire folk cared a great deal more for the substance of a man's sermon, while in the south, style went for everything. He did not know whether that was correct ; anyhow, Mr. Nicholson said that the Methodists adapted themselves to the circum- stances and conditions of the moment,and he hoped that they would do so with him. He trusted that the services ho held would be hearty, and he noticed that at his first Sonday in Bold-street, he did not bear any " Amens." He did not know whether they had been turned out. He would like a judicious sprinkling of them, although he did not care tor a continual outburst. He was glad that lie had two such colleagues as Mr. Watkins and Mr. Mason, and he was sure that he would be able to work well with them. With regard to the future he wished to say a little. He was atraid that the friends would not always agree with him. He did not know whether he would al ways express himself in scholastic or cultured English. Be might sometimes offend their taste, and Speak too plainly. He liked to be understood, and when he stood up to preach he did not want anybody to go away with mistaken ideas as to what he did say. He would not go out of his way to offend anybody, and he invited criticism. If anybody had anything to say worth listening to, tie was prepared to listen, but be did not want captious criticism. (Hear, hear.) He would also be very glad to go into the Sunday school if he was wanted there. He was not going to enter the Sunday school if he was not wanted there, but if they asked him to come, he was at their service. (Applause.) They must, however, not expect him to give five minutes in the morning service to the children. He could not do it. He could not possibly preach for five minutes to the chil- dren. He would give an address whenever they liked in the Sunday school, in the afternoon, but no five minutes, if they pleased,in the morning. He would make himself ridiculous. He believed in consolidation. He had no desire to connect his name with any novel departure in that circuit, and he had no ambition to be an innova- tor. He did not feel it to be his ambition to make experiments, but he would take his share in the work which was being carried on. He would see what their welcome was by the way they attended the week evening services. He hoped to see the attendances go up, and unless he saw that,he would not be satisfied. He thanked them very much for their welcome and hoped they would get along with one another and that they woula learn to like and to love one another. (Applause.) Mr. EDWIN BROWN welcomed Mn, Triggs on behalf of the Wesleyans et Lymm. He went on to speak of the pleasure, and of the honour he felt in being the senior local preacher on the plan. He hoped that the Warring- ton circuit would stand side by side and shoulder to shoulder with the ministers, and that the coming year would be ore of prosperity. Councillo, SHAW GREEN then spoke on behalf of the Bewsey-roadrhurch,and the trustees. He felt sure that the choice they had made was a wise one, and that Mr. Triggs would prove a blessing to the circuit. He asked Mr. Triggs to come to Silver-street school, and see the work which was being carried on there. They were do- ing a good work there,although it was in a rather rough neighbourhood. Mr. Green then proceeded humour- ously to defend Warrington against the charges that its surroundings were not beautiful, and expressed his opinion that Mr. Triggs would be able to find some Splendid country within a very narrow radius of War- rington. He concluded by wishing Mr. Triggs a very pleasant and prosperous time in Warrington. The Rev. OWEN WATKINS proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman for presiding over the meeting. He Said that be rejoiced in the coming of Mr. Triggs which he was sure would be a great blessing to the circuit. He hoped that the congregat ions would support him and the other ministers with their prayers. He felt sure that they hail a capital superintendent—(laughter)—and the , superintcndent had two good colleagues. It would not be their fault if the work did not prosper. He was pleased to join in the welcome to Mr. Triggs and his wife and he trusted that they would have a good time in Warrington.

Aker, •

The Rev. G. D. Mums) seconded the vote of thanks. He said that there was a great tendency to leave every- thing to the minister, not simply in Warrington but throughout the Church of Jesus Christ. He wished the church would realise their responsibilities, and if they did, he had no doubt what the result would be. He ex- tended a hearty welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Triggs who were his neighbours. He trusted that they would else be colleagues and brethren who would help each other in the work. (Applause.) The motion was carried unanimously, and the Chair- man briefly replied. During the meeting, the choir sang the anthem, "Praise the Lord," and the glee, " Let the hills re- sound." Miss Jeans also sang "The better land," and Miss Collin, " Children Asleep." Refreshments were also handed round during the interval. The meetink. was brought to a close with the pronouncing of the benedic- tion.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH AFRICAN GOLD MINES.

The Hammond' Matabele Gold Mines Development Company. This is the name of a venture which has acquired 150 mining claims in the Lower Gwelo District. The claims were selected and reported on by Mr. Andrew Robert Hammond who will act as managing director for the Company. There are fort, claims on the Rose Reef, from which assays and pannings have given from 4ozs. to 7ozs. of gold FT ton; and the other claims are on the Richard, Arctic, lngon-Yama, and Loublie Reefs, all of which show former workings, evidently of a profitable character. The capital of the Company is £200,000 in £1 shares, of which 130,000 have been issued, and 17s. paid. There thus remain 70,000 to be issued whenever further working capital is required. Active dealings have taken place in these shares on the London Stock Exchange at the price ot 9s. 6d.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CA.THOLIC TRUTH SOCIETY.

The business of the annual Conference of the Catholic Truth society commenced at Bristol on Tuesday. In the morning the ateution of the meeting was devoted to the consideration of a series of papers on the best means of carrying out the directions contained in the Porr's recent letter by means of lectures, tracts, and the press. Subsequently, papers cn the position of the Catholic schools in this country and elementary and secondary educatir'n, were read. In the course of the discussion in the morning the Rev. J. H. Boucher, of Clutton,a clergyman of the Church of England,addressed the meeting, an,d said the letter from the Pope to the English people could not but have touched the hearts of everyone,whether Roman, Anglican, or Protestant. Be took the opportunity as an Anglican clergyman,to protest strongly against the bitterness often used by a great many of his brethren against Roman Catholics. A tele- gram was subsequently sent to the Pope presenting the homage of these present and asking for the Apostolic blessing.

—The man who attunpted to explode a bomb at Messrs. Rothschild's batik in Paris last week has been identified. The police say he is an Anarchist, but the motive of the crime alleged against him appears to be the personal one that he felt aggrieved at having been dismissed from the workshops of the Northern Railway Company.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLITICAL CYCLONE.

BY Mn. H. WHITHAN.

Now for a season of rest. Judging from the English papers I have received since the election. I conclude that the Tory party has landed itself, not high and dry and out of danger, but in about the worst dilemma it has been in during this century. To Salisbury and his supporters of the Colonel North stamp, it must be a great relief to feel that the insatiate maw of the Radical party is closed for a while. What if a Radical programme has been promised the people by his right honourable friend J. Chamberlain. the new Premier need be under no obligation to any one now,for the free and indepen- dent voter has gone sturdily up to the ballot box and shown by his vote that he is tired of so much , legislation and wants a season of rest. In this laudable desire the wealthy, who know more about the death dues than the one who creates the wealth does, will heartily sympathise. It was getting time to put down the Socialist nonsense and the I claims of the I.L.P. If these envious upstarts were not satisfied with having a good dozen labour re- pres.,ntatives in Parliament, why, it only required lan effort to bundle the whole lot into the streets. Horn ,t John Burns alone keeps his seat, and even he ga, e such satisfaction to his London friends that ciey reduced his majority from 1,559 to 244 votes. The " United we stand and divided we fall "party has improved matters to the extent of making one take the place of the five labour mem- bers London could boast of a few weeks ago. When [look over the voting list of the kingdom lam simply struck with awe at the wonderful amount of political sagacity and forethought dis- played by the advanced thinkers of the Radical party. In London the I.L.P. polled for their pet candidate in Fulham 196 out of 12,716 electors. In Bradford our old friend Ben Tillet rushed to the rear with 2,264 out of 11,200. Well, perhaps after all it was a "moral victory," and we have a possible six or seven years during which to find the " moral." It was too bad of West Ham to send Keir Hardie to the right about. He may find some solace now in admiring his red sash during the in- tervals left to him when chuckling over the success of the advice he gave his friends. Wherever the Lk?. or a Socialist opposed the Liberal candidate, success beamed on the Tory. Northing but what anyone with a grain of political sense might have foreseen. It has always been the same in America. Political parties gain their strength by steady growth and, as the seething element of reform works under,aud, bubbling up to the surface,create rings that gradually yet surely widen out until they embrace a majority that can do good and per- manent reform work. _ _ .

Well, the Tories are in, and with a big majority, and it is no waste of time to look around for the cause. We can venture to leave the parties for a while who believe that to split and divide is the road to success. They have thought that by break- ing away from the Liberal party, by putting candidates, and by withholding their votes they were ensuring their own success. Time alone will ' prove if this is so. ' I have, more than once, given my reasons why I think a steady support should be given the Liberal party, and, not to cry over spilled milk, a little dis- cussion over some of the points would not be amiss, advancing one or two further views. The history of the Liberal party in England is,broadly speaking, the history of the rise and progress of English commerce. True, we may in a few instances see families, like the Birleys of Manchester, connected with the factory, but the seats in the House of Commons prove that, as a rule, the mill and the field are respectively represented by the Liberal and the Tory. The Corn Laws were repealed by the mill owners, the factory acts were enacted by the owners of farms. It has been a case of tit for tat all the way down, each interest trying to spite the other, or, while the rogues fell out, the honest workman came to his own. To the man of noble birth and cultured tradition, buying in the cheapest market and selling in the dearest was an abomina- tion not to be thought of. In the same way the man who had worked at the loom, who as a self- made man became the owner of the loom, innoc- ently looked over the heals of the poor wretches toiling in his mills and longed for an opportunity to throw three acres and a cow at the head of the " free and independent slave of the squire." When Land Duty spoke of "taking a leap in the ' dark," and the embryomic Tory, H. Lowe, advised "teaching our masters," they but voiced a feeling that was in the breasts of all rich men ; nay, it was In the minds of all thoughtful men—that was,that with household suffrage pewer in the State would centre itself in the hands of the Masses, and would be used for the spoliation of the rich. Time has proved that all these gloomy forebodings were mere figments of the brain and not worth harbouring. The man who lives under the most degrading con- ditions, yet clings to sweet life. So the most poverty-stricken among us are often found the moat conservative of something some one else owns. The soldier will fight to the death in defence of a country in which a narrow plot of land only may be his useless own some day.

f should not like to have about me the least par- ticle of ingratitude, neither to individual, nor yet to party. Long years ago I had the picture of John Bright hanging on my walls, but the study of political and commercial history compelled me to consign that picture to the fire. I had listened to the People's Tribune, and I had read his speeches, and I am convinced that from his point of view he had the people's welfare at heart, but he was too strong a supporter of the Manchester school for me to admire. He was incapable of seeing the true inwardness of the cause of all the poverty he so much deplored. Yet I should have voted for him as a Liberal party man, feeling that I was 3limbing the political stairs surely and safely, one step at a time.

In the hands of the Tory party the glory and the prestige of the British nation have been placed so far as talk went. In the hands of the Liberal party the commerce of the nation has been safe. The cards have been roughly shuffled up, and the hand now held up is a strange one. The author of three acres and a cow,and the gentleman who some years ago Punch depicted as a roaring republican lion with the Prince of Wales at his feet, are now shining lights in a government pledged to do,— what ? How has this government come into exis- tence? One fact I may note and say no more about it—the Bung aud the Church. Yet, I must say a little about the church. Most people have ceased to give to it, as an Establishment, any credit for being, even remotely, connected with the teachings of Christ. It is un-Christ-like in all its teachings, its surroundings and its aspirations. Like the Church of Rome it seeks to be impressive,but it will not carry the Cross. Like its sister of Rome it seeks all the pomp and vanity of this world regardless of the cost in human blood; and a factor not to be made light of is the opposition of the two churches to the educational system inaugurated by W. H. Forster. Neither church is libera: in any sense of the word, nor can they ever be, in spite of all they Day say in their church magazines, and to deputa- tions of Liberal workingmen. I have before me copies of letters sent by the Princes of the Romish Church to the members of their churches. All and everything is to be put on one side, so that the

===== 0002601_18950914_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:r„7Ts_

===== 0002601_18950914_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
nation's money A dowry " (England) back to the one true church. . That Home Rule has been an important elate! in the electoral struggle the result proves. Ile' can be applied to bringing " Marl" in Warrington and in most other towns, vibe: training has been in the Liberal camp, wh° 11-1 Liberal to-day, and who.will certainly alraid that are presiding at Tory meeting. They are Empire Home Rule means the breaking up of the _ _.,... and so they join the party that are graduallV Ory The are mg the people into the Republican ranka• pointm, nt of a Royal Viceroy in Ireland Will will the support of the Romish Church, but it wil the distasteful to the men who are looked on as eek bone of the country, whether English or Irsisof While the nobility of England can blind the Tent a Chamberlain and a Collins, and peesiblY °-freal die Libera , ibleticitolinntiontgs,iat cfaacntnoort possibly hinder hiningdietrs Home. Iteft,3 lioe of measures that make up the subsPtlaanctlallift/na„etalleroe; the Irish in America are simplY of independent thought and action. The u°*-Cbera to s to at a people, but what of that ? Ireland helent the Irish and for weal or wee they should haltbey lanTsis a 8 the! b With the I.L.P. we can leave such have a right to Like the rest of the partieeve.tds can take a rest, and possibly do socseth" toil joThog. proving each shining hour as it ecnnesocialist gm out, the S e ,___ Whatever party comes in, disgraceful we shall always have with or better the au 11 ist nPell, ' cation given to a man, the mo're he Wi" --6, sprellu t ore the world. Before the era of having his share of the bounties nature tea,.' `whet' schOoLa, spits- thtons. Born in a pig stye he was e churches ruled the world,man had feW adie irk' o a book or a picture, out of a piano or a one. Now he seeks all the piea,uwilling tad out res to be month 0 f e country. He cannot see why hi daughtersthe should be cooped up iii a atlwri:beroing wile his employer's family should. be be ol bolileahclt ' _w to spend money and dawdling lude'e pri t- -1 twelve at the seaside. Well we maY .A nett general shpolietliecestinoonw, u, nfloerss l a saem muchaon.l3eo3fois a'Attebtionaeb-ets% we shall hear strange things and see strange, [I must again draw my correspondents good t e t.svbit.... o another change of residence. I hop ni time, unless the gods will it otherwis b e-If' am, 2409 Mission-st., San Fri nci4o-.1 BOWLING. LANCASHIRE --- LANCASHIRE AND CtiESHIRE 0131411 vS.OcCRIEAETTIROANu. 0ia..........0_nivi5ie, WARRINGTON SOUTAIIS , me WO: met in the third round of the Senior A-sociatioe '' f es- at Crofts Bank on Saturday. In the •first ae,ril :lea !,13., gagements honours were divided, points heiri4 tit P. ffiavveour of Warrington. Afterwards Warringtoa tgro 179 successes against three and a single figure r,„° jot/ Cheetham Hill, which much euhanced th5....1r "; :Of ft. 'rhe hardest-earned victories were toose of hile-bi jar' Swminitehf th , and wt d event was efeoereCrehdeethtiy . amewhwilesitistlror Sell° Warrington. Score:— ~, 0, gi CHEETILAM HILL. WARRINGT 'l4 ""11. ~ ..• ... F Lodge 9 B Hall ............................... r. J Kenworthy W Grant it Smith ~,,,. „. J Yapp S sultersall .1 Scholes F Kn wies J Furlong l4 T Hackett ..• ................... ..... it Davies H Smith ..1.. 21 D Wilcox ............ ~. ........ ~., 0 W Bracewell Total 197 Majority 41 for South Virarrin4Wn• mairlirig ri repo above compeGition We 0,0 EIINDSFORD V. WARRINGTON NORTn. laced '''''— of the tie in the . . -d wen ' P o t ~,v--,- • green of the Nelson Club at umetob,an iect out much in favour of Warrin,too. 111 1 e•P i° put in but two personal successes towai ' Is a Po- semi-final events. Graham, who plard ' .. the Yorkshire champion a tortnignt a oi points, and the gold medallist m ide one , plorest returns of the afteruocn. Score. aortsrol`l:4 . ~. ICs) WARRINGTON ROUTH. T Bolton Total .... ......... 21 Harrison • ................ ••• I .7 t G Ball 2l J G•ahana ....................... 0 W Wood 21 U Howarth ....... -::: ......... . at, It Rothwell IC Taylor lB v. Kenyon ••••• .....•• . ........... .... „ .. ;$ Hrimelow - 'el H sVh.to ........ ........ J. 1, J Elli on 2l Di Cotton ........ ......... 7 J Hewitt 2l A Sceofield ...................1... . W H 1 A. J Jones .„ ..., Farrington 2l .1" Dawson ............... It H Williams ~..; W Gleave .. ..... jr: Total Majority 41 for North Warrington. The iete e LIBERAL CLUB V. CONSERVArive CLUB•"-- Ton tha4 match between these clubs was held on Situr"A Conservative Club green. The result, 0 *ill be on'ehlbe. a decisive victory for the Conservatives. Wile are majorityof 109 upon the two games. APPee""' 013' PO. c 0

I 81 1Z 1

I. 441 tkll,

Bind°

ir;;gb

..........

Scorps ! CONSEETATIVE CLUB. LIBERAL Singh s. Obis. Slog 4t 1 W Davies J Gibson 11 I' J Sankey .............. 031 id .J Billeage - %V Ford 11 i B -hearer ......... ••• 3pi F Kerfoot, WW I.on T Horrabin, sea .......... 7 1,12 J Jennings ........ u 1 J Thornton 11} 9 J P .rr . ....................... ii .., i T Potter J Webb G Pickston ll}ls li4 Butterfield ••• ..... ). _ T Cooper ll J Bennion .......... 0 I W Hill ll } A N Other ........ . $ ... W W Westwell ll 15 111 Knowles... ............... 31 6 r, H Turner 8 Caldwell l.ll 115 7 pteku,h.e.n.s. 0.. n...........:::: 154 c 0 Millington ,°, }is If Williams. ........ , ... 5} I, W Millington D Rawlings 0 Grant - 0 , .. 10 ... Total, ....... ..... , 148 109, Majority for Conservatives of - eeln4s , .. on tet°in.the OLIO V/ Mr. J. ROBERTS said he would not deta—d tile v'ejtjt, ' gitisgeneGLriarbelleevrn,ahlseCaowmmisomhneigtdtsetteot, more than a few minutes, but in the naril° - f the - fiee ' members owe, to r,) They differed in Tiolitics from each other, bAugtsod 0100•0 ahtanreemad:rene, no reason why they should not be good frien"t aftero to , hseaamyndhtohtawhtePel:elsneicin:.beligeaftlailteil .1 together occasionally, as they had done tiloos nerol 1 vheandi nbge.en( very Hear,ear, ,enhie,Fra.tieA,lhtehodtal griledthsseyg eel: oltr2aais; tamed. andTahpe I were somewhat disappointed at the defeat iti id to had the pleasure of meeting their Liberal frle" f tbe ~ tf o •0 n bel'a, ~ dAY A applause.) members were p.r0..120. (aea r Mrlostrea ALBINSON returned thankS 0-, •cil to. „ 0. Liberal team,and expressed the pleasure vva'9,ohert", tio proceedings had afforded all of them. A 3 11,,rb. ere 91cCie •said, they did not agree politically, but "Id not -I,ed l reason why these convivial meetings sh;,4oo9arostall sionally take place. He could assure the voberal,,leao 1. that when they paid another visit to the fortsv,ers : they would endeavour to make them as no° iid otep •; they possibly could. He thanked gr.Robere2 for the cordial and hearty reception whiCo ' given to them. (Applause.) , 1 ........•4110.••••••••• .gs. , , , A BOLD BURGLAR AT SEV n flit 1 ' John Keen, a small boy aged seven Ye3re' , $ ellsr?rig • his parents in Whateley-roal, East Diliwich_l.°:o3 bret'2‘loo% ' at the bambeth Police Cour, on Tuesda9 "'and Ono' , into a stable at Melford-road,L uNiship-latleio. therein two sovereigns, a pair of gleeVeritincharleSoffter articles, valued at £2 55., the propertY 0' moday 0 00 Gordon. Upon returning to the stable on i c9ol° Del e• noon the prosecutor found the olace .0 ' icies ,11, bedroom had been completely ranaaCked, a_ll:' eveetn,„er strewn all over the room. The prisoner 973e'v auclicseo found in the harness-room, and the 111°L1 goo. 7,0111 articles mentioned were found in his P7o„,i,e 0'0,4 taken into custody by Police-constable 1310 „or, clip A replied, "All right," and pointed up to ahe n 'r prerliiilrlOYl by which he bad apparently entered t_'ooo for „ate, labouring man, who appeared to be the vv,__. ogifw as now stepped forward, and, addressing or, Bit. ro : ae x RE loaoi dm be do y, How old is he P—The father : Seven In at 111.'ft:rhe fsto"dier , ..alnadinalgwoaiynsg gtooesspteoaskchfoorolm."s:2:"'l:r :0011t719.-;-,l:ll4ert; Hopkins : Can you explain this ni tvorl‘' .' ~ lii, Yes; I think he has boen " drawn the/ pie boys.—Mr. Hopkins: He had better et:_t week pot ' . house school this week, I think,and hi, ":"_. to you will be sober.—The toy was then taitel'i house.

Total 205 141

7

855 156

!1-

11 • ;

===== 0002601_18950914_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
'-51066 Obree ;40:ik)P-

I

109 sier° I Cite to t wey 0 n 0 rpov 0 0° Der",,r 3 B"fe r ael*-1 f tbe 106,y.,01 1): rs° °C,CfO st.. Cioo 1 009 Deeil

===== 0002601_18950914_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TA BLFf ALARMING ACCIDENT AT 3IORECAMBE. SEPTEMBER

F 03.1 WANHINti.TCN TO 4 , Acton Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 828. 10 45, 1 50, 2 35, 15, 5 353 80. Sundays 10 15 a in. titaar and Hillhouse -7 12,8 31,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15,a 40, a 6 ' 50-11-tays 9 36, 2 5.8 50. a Stops if requirea. 0 (L &N -W )•30 a 3 23, 710.9 50, 12 0, 1 50,3 11, 4,1154, 72, 1135• :fund/al :a 30.3. 23,10 16, 4 21, 11 35. a Mott- ; 0111,. •lundny3 excepted. 55 wrairolss,rn Mnitana) -6 t 4. 932. 1155, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0. , 11 Bl 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 5 15 p.m. ackburn-237, 5 20. 5 45, 833, 955, 1225, 2 40, 3 48, • 45, 6 14, 47 10 2. Sundays 843.60. 1;la001-5 20, 545, 835, 955, 1140, 1225, 240, 8,4 43, 6 14, 17, 847, 102. Sundays 2 37, 843 60. r„ 4.-2 45,5 45,8 :) , 19 10 J, .0 0.12 14 12 25,2 40,3 20, Carlisle-2 37 ". 4 21,6 59 16 Sundays 7J.8 43 a.m., 5 0.6 0,8 58 p.m. 5 20, 5 45, 9 sa, 11 40. - 240 3 48. Sundays tri.3as 08ester-7 33a 7 42.9 5,10 23,12 7.12 15,1 40,2 56.2 30,3 20, 42, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 8 44,10 26. a.m. 7 45, A a Mondays and Saturdays only. bArpiey. Green-7 10. 820. i 0 5. 127, 115, 330, 3 48, 55, 25, 10 20, Sundays 8 43, 60. Irewe-a3 0, 63 23, 7 10, d 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, 515, '74 /, 1135. 'Sundays 30, 3 23, 10 15, 4 23, • 3.5 u • 4,aunoays excepted. Mondays only. a'B4sorY-7 42, 9 5. 12 15. 2 3J. 3 20, ~MaYa 8 44, 745 p./... 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14 "'etbY (311,11andy-(8' 14. 959. it 55, 1255, 320, 50, 11 53 .44Ys 11 45 am„ 4 25 p.m. 40.1 10.8 25.8 35,10 5, 10 4).12 7, 1225. 115 5 35. 6 2j.7 8. 9 23 10 10. Suudaya,7 40,8 35, 843,1 JO, 7 47,945, * 1ki7,,,.46141311-240. 520. 955, 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15 2 40 a.m. 940 p.m 2,3 el "4t„r'a Ferry /t. Peuk.-th -7 38, 8 25, 943. 1153, 25, . 6 17,80, 948. Sundays ti 48, 2 40. 7 50. sb. 1023, 5215, 23), 320.422,511,64. 1?2,10 14. Sund./ys 844 a.m.. 745 pin. .44t41:1 Wheslure Ltne,)-7 12. 155. 831, 95, 12 0, 2 10. 40, 70, 80. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun- -66. 11 25, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays cSaturdays lepted. 844,786•1-0 40. 520, 9 50, 11 40, 12 35. 2 25, a 48, 10 13. Q"Ja 2 40, a.m. 945. 45,7 10,8 35, 1040,12 35, 1 15, 3 8, 538, 7 17, tif" 10. (Sundays 8 43. 60. 11.,•4tin Urea/x-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 05, a 9 30.12 0, 1 5,2 10,4 0 79, 80, 69 30, alo 20. Sunday 464::!25, 239. 19 12. aMondays and Saturdays only excepted. and (Jadishead (Central)- 70, 7 55,8 16, 70, 915 4,Y6 8 56, 10 12, 32, 5 15, 935. 19 .prd-Frorti Arpley statiou-6 20,7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 58, hua.. 12 36, 1 16. 3 38. 4 11. 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, P 13. Lid:lB a 50, 3 8. 8 18. aSaturdays only. 1 6')°, I N.-W.)-525, 710, 8 20, 835, 10 5, 127. 856 '6-()A 6,5, 6207 8, 1020. Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, •5. I.'rom High Level Platform. 1154 71,001 (From Low Level PLatform)-7 38, 8 25,9 43,10 10, Li" 6, 3 20,5 12,6 57, 80, 9 48. Sundays 848, 2 40, 7 50, .860 9-4.0°01 k(Ohesinre Lines)-a4 35. 530, 7 12, 750, 8 31. 950, 124, 1030, 1050, 11 50, 120, 1250, 1257. 850 i.,1 50. 2 10, 253.38. 3 37, 3 50, 40, 4 50, 550, 618, 51._ 80, 50,9 920, 10 15 1046. alllo, 11 39 b 118 1B 3O. 90, 945, 9 55. 11 25. 2 20, 2 39, 7 10, 830, Lark", 18, 10 33. alixcept Mondays, St. 2 u'cir, (L.& N.-W.) -a3 0, 8323, 733. 950, 1045, 120 1;;"458,5 15,5 3), 1135. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 20, 11 35 91 excepi ed. bilondays only. listo."°ll (I.l.dlaudi-6 14. 959, 11 39. 12 55, 320 5 0, 11 53. 4 25 p.m. 80.13'4'41-8 20, 7 22, 60. 90, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16, 3 38, tut, 5 18.5 43c 6 13, 78, 37 45.9 13. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 10. kutlaYs on(y. cFrom Arnloy Station. cWeduesdays and waY, excepted, rel./ester (L. a. N.-W.)-2 45, 825, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 4 21, 65, 7 17. 8 11,9 18. Sundays 2 45,7 40, a.m., 7,1 1,. From iiigh Level Plattorm. 207 Bflehester (From Bank 4uay Low Level Platform)-'6 20 61110.' 65, 8 57,9 55, 10 46, 1 14, 3 35, 49, 610. 7 5, 9 10. 1140. ell 8 46, ,5 5. 8 15. 11 40. "From Arpley Station. 85546.,e,he....fter (Citeshi: e Lines)-7 0, 155, 8 13, 8 05. 90, S5Ol, -, / 1155, 1255, 155, 255, 355, 455,555 1184180.7 sb, 8 12.8 55, 9 lb, 9 55, alo 0, all 15, 11 50, 11 57a. 30'1, 8 56,9 ,37, 1012, 35, 32., 515, 718, 855, 9 22, Ili,,taievr" 35, 00. aiatur, lays only. iell-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, b 35, 7 20. 4%84-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 5 35, 7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 100"ton-le-Wiii,,wd -2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35,9 19, 711,n1.0 40, 12 14, 12 25, 115 3 2J, 348, 4 21, 5 35,6 25, 18, 10 10. Sundays 2 45.7 40. 8 43, a,m„ 335, 50, •7, 8 58, 9 45. aMondays only, 422-r--7 0, 7 06,8 /6,8 47, /0 a. 11 0, 1227,1 44,2 17,3 55, pt. 0, 8 1 12, 915 Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 3 50, 515,9 35. i588,.461-2 37. 5 20. 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 5, 11 40, 12 35 11837' 4,,G 40, 34, 455, 53 , 614. 'll7, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 1( 43. 3 35. 6,} 9 45, aSaturdays only. tit/acorn-7 38. 8 25, 9 43, /1 53, 25. 320.512, 617,80, (for Penketh)-7 53, 95, 105, 110, 12 0, 15, 70,8 0. ./9 30, 510 20,10 46. Suit 11 25, 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur` ,8-,enaeld (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line 10 55, 12 27, 1 55, 40, 6 55. Sundays 5 5 p.m, I ga• Nelens-5 25, 710,8 2..,8 35,105, 10 40, 127 1 15, 330, 6 5, 1 6 20, 78, 9 10 20. Sundays 8 35. 8 43, 60,9 45 10theort (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 15, 40, 53, 65,7 9, 9 10, Sundays 9 36, 2 5,8 50, ".4turia Tho 3'a only. 51a 18181-'3 20. 7 22. 80, 90, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16,3 38,4 11, kz: , 613. 78, a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 850, 38, 318. a Satur- -1.914. Frurn Arpley Station. 10Idues(Che,hire Lines) -755, 8 31.9 5,10 5,11 0.12 0.1 5 414. 258, 40, b 49, d 0,7 0, 80. 9 /0, a 9 30, 510 2 Sun- aprli 90. 36, 2 39, 9 18, °Saturdays excepted. bSaturdays 1(41 420. (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 825, 9 43, 10 10, 11 53, 2 5 6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 848, 4 40,7 50. 119P4-2 37, 5 2J. 5 45, 710 8 35. 9 55. 1140, 12 25, 1 15. 4303 48,4 45, 535 614. 8 47, 10 2, 10 10. Sundays 1 a s 6, 60, 945 aSat urdays only.

logo ion (30- ; jo bfr 1. ft. 110' " 15 ''

441,-.8 TO WARRINGTON FROM e-'6 33, 7 45, 8 52, 1143, 37, 440, 644, 829 ' 53, 4 32. c0ti.,228,8141224. Hlllhouse-1 16. 7 is, 8 24, 9 54. Sundays 140,;Q, ,44,85an5. (14 & N.-3,,y.)-3 10. 550, 720, 90, 11 40, 15, gtlip ;671:5, 115, Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. '45 ( Midn,O la-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 30,11 19. Sundays 430, a.m., 420. 12 55. Mx- -44100k "Y4' 8114,14 bUrn-8 30, 850, 1048, 12 35, 1 55, 3 20, 755, 1012, (Talbot Road)---a 12, 8 45, 10 10, 10 35, 11 40, 55,7 10, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 40, 1 35, 5 15, 8 0., o°l (Central)-8 0. 8 27, 855, 955. 1010, 20, 2 50. 6 aolto ' 815, dundat a 7 56 10, 1 20, 4 55. 8 50. . 55 50, 915 10 35.12 35, 2 20, 415. 513. o,j,4rils74.l4,4incia'ys 820 1.m.,6. 10, 920 p.m. aMondays only. 12 5, 12 10a, 650. 8 40, S 30, 12 38,1 40, 4 22,5 38. 4eoh, eitenrrts 125 a.m.. 8 41. 12 10 p.m. akondays only, 25, 8 45, 9 40, 1012, 115, 11 40. 1 25, Z 10 30, 6 35, 7 35, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 20. 6 30 P ,n. a saturdays only. ell---6 39.7 15,8 42.10 9,11 28.12 38,1 4,1 43, 2 10 6 ~6 2,3.. 9 16, 10 Sundays 81 . a.m., 715. 20. Sundays 21. 4 42, 710 66,8Vu A 42, 60, 8 13. 9 20, 11 5' , 211 10, 25. 2 35. 441b.n,, 40, 4 0. 9 12. lteab 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47. 5 22, 99, 10 37. 7 37 p.m. a iaturdays only. vq, 15, 1020. 110, 35, 3 50, 4 45, 70, 83, al2 35 1,44 d. yz,,4`1'130, 7 30,6 18, 650, 3 33. aklxcept 5w.,11-6 51, 659, 720. 848, 932. 1013. 1129, 47. 't 15. 3 25, 5 10,5 53, 6 30. 7 38, 9 12, 10 50. f:•°,,Oblir u 52, 40, 7 24. 73, 9 55. 6't -1020, 20. 60. 9 10. Sundays 60, a.m. 910. s,perrY Penketh-7 12, 98.9 43, 1224, Z 17, 321 16$'1,411(ttn' 8.,5, '7. Sundays 832. 257. 87. 42; 05 9 3 102. 1127, 232.47. 527.657 757 Sundaye 6 59. 716 p.m. only.aSaturdays, 112 se4ealaire Lines)-5 44, 6 27, 7 45, 90,9 o . aoB 23. 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51 _ 35, 420. 4 56. 59, 556, 657. 93. 14'180y;-'4,,p1 , 8 54. 10 2 0 555, 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. t 610. S 44. 826. 1022. 1228. 241, 535, 7 15, 9 1, 9 40, 7 S. ,1-6 40 7 58 825,99, 103,1 9,154, 224, 319' 11, 918, 11 3.5. Sundays 837, 9 20,3 31.4 55. 64 461 a A Z11.44ya Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 953, 5 11' 60 etql rAY 8 52, 11 20 59, 653 8 35 10 O. 31' A-48 13, d: io. '9 32 10 5. 11 17, 1 20. a 145. 213 6 7, 649, 7 49, 842, 1127. Sundays 833 1 k 'verko asaturday s only. bBaturdays excepted. _ _ 441123 0, k` (I.q, Sarlestown) 2 55, 60. 80. 920. 11 50, k ao 5 35, 8 35, 10 5, .11 15, Sundays 7 30, 9 20, 'Er "• %Mr,ndayonly. "S turdays only. ttlies-(3 ; 95, 9 55, 12a35, 1 30. 2 40. 3 35, 4 20, N 4 isqrstkie, 10. 10 4', Sundays 7 45, 210 720, 10 45. '9 ,_(Centra6-5 35, -6 10, 7 25, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, ~01.) 11 30,11 35,11 55, 130,12 35, 1 0,1 30,1 50,2 0, 40, 4, 30, 440 4 d•. 530, 536, 6 30, 6 35, 730, 80 _ _ 010 45. 11 0 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 2 30. 46011,00 e (7'9 30.833959 35 a Mondays and Saturdays only. ,L 2 0, 15. 7 15 1.0 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 0, 40"4,5,11 (Q4lclaYB 10 Oa. m.. 5 0:10 0, 12 0. 14' a5,,,,-.ldlaild) 5 15' 105, 120, 20, 40, 5 0, a 9 15 ; 1e0itt.4414'3 15,-12 O. a except Mondays .I,,et, 8 32, 9 23, 9 57, 11 9, 1 11, al 37, 2 5. 2 50 541 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 25, 2 25. , • 6 4s only. Maturdays excepted. 1.1(j '4E0,2 3.sr (1, & 0. 6 501 7 0, 85, 9 40, 1125. 1.6-4'n3 4_5.4 25.5 10,7 5.9 20,10 48. Sundays 8 0, 9 50. 5015..24, 0111 Rxchange. aMondaya and Saturdays t 2 eler (1, ondon-road)-7 15, 780. 9 25. 10 35,, 1%%354 kfta. 4(3, ari 85 5. 5 20, 6 5. 7 5. 8 55, 10 45. Sundays Ik) Saturdays excepted. 47' (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 7 20, 830, a 9 5,9 30, Os ' 636 _ ,10 45. 11 30. 12 30, 12 45, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, , ?PA 638,730, 5 30, 833, 9 55, alo 50,11 0. Sun. 46,9 30.10 40.1 40.20 2 5,6 40.8 15,9 40. a 1,17- lye onlY. 58 11 37, 2 42, 61. 1157,3 20 455, 6 57. Sundays 8 15,4 48. __ illows.-6 47. 6 65, 7 30. 8 42 24 , 9 24. 10 9. 11 . 1. 1 30, 3 4, 4 7.4 58, 5 5. 549, 627,7 30, 735, 518undays 8 30, 9 49. 10 0, 3 55, 7 20, 11 5., , 8 26,-9 0, 10 6. 19, 2 5, 5 17, 73. 9 16. bun- -20. 2 32, 9 12, 10 13. '11,62 36,5 50,6 25,9 5,9 128,9 39,11 20,11 28,1 C, 59. 9 30.10 47, Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10, N4l4"daYs excepted. bMonday mornings only 10 23, 12 29, 1 30, 256, 440, 5 45, 8 Penketh)-6 51, 89, 8 41. 925, 10 19, 1124. 4, 5,5.2 40, 3 44, 4 25,5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 14 9 23. (C.L.C.) Pidland) via Dlnnley and Dore Line -11 0, 2 0, luudaYs 8 15. 1,2--6 t 25,7 O. 828,918, 9 55,11 15,12 5. 12 5,0, 1 30, 5 15, 610, 70, 90, 10 30, .11 20. Sunday 4,•• 658, 9 5. .Saturdays only. , i'o(lo4'rd Street) -8 10, 1020. 1125, 10. 215. 5. a 9 0. 9 35. Sundays 90, 25,80. aS. tu V 10, 1113, 1 15, al 41, 29, 255, 45. 7 45, '93711 23 Sundays 8 20, 9ta.Br 65...:9s 02n8:271, 0 88aturdays excepted. ---7 5, 855, 9 33,10 33,12 16,1 4, 210, 1171 q„ 6 46, 8 50,11 6. Sundays 824, 2 50, 7 59, ) '4,5 35, s z. 5 hire Lineo-8 30, 9 15, 10 9, 1112, 12 25. 1 25. 12, 7 16.7 56.9 25. all 42 Sundays 8 42, 40: ;1,241.0% aOll Satur•lays only. NI 83'.5. a3B q 5. 633 8 15, 9 31, 1010, 11 23, 1215, 16, 6 25,610 T 5. 8 52, 1.030. Stand ays 41a 55' 11

PIG°. t I

15 6

FIFTY PERSONS IMMERSED.

Shortly before eleven o'clock on Menday morning a lamentable accident occurred at the Morecambe pleasure pier through the collapse of a portion of the iron land- ing-stage for steam-boat traffic at the end of the pier. The large steamer Empress was drawing up at the pier head preparatory to making a pleasure trip to Black- pool, and the steps and gangways under the pier were crowded with would-be passengers, who had taken their tickets, and were waiting until the steamer was safely moored. On this being done, and communication effected between the stage and the steamer, there was a general rush for the latter, with the result that a portion of the stage, composed of iron gratings, and covering an area of about 15 square feet, gave way under the pres- sure, and a mass of struggling men, women, and chil- dren, numbering probably over 50, were instantly pre- cipitated into the water below before the eyes of hundreds of horrified spectators on the pier. Great excitement prevailed, in the midst of which life buoys and lines were promptly thrown from the steamer, the depth of the water toeing variously estimated at from five to eight feet. The officials connected with the steamers and pier dived in the water or clambered down the piles to the assistance of the submerged persons, whilst on the alarm being raised, fishermen and other volunteers rushed down the foreshore for a similar pur- pose. Those of the unfortunate persons who werecling- Mg to the pier or wreckages were quickly recovered and assisted to a place of safety. The majority of those, however, who were in the shallower water, and might ' have safely waded to the shore, in the confusion rustled towards the steamer, thus rendering their rescue more difficult, the tide rapidly flowing in at the time, and the water momentarily becoming deeper. The tide receding about seven o'clock in the evening a large body of police, fishermen,and other residents made a diligent search of the channel and sands about the scene of the accident, it being feared tbat other bodies might be entangled among the wreckage. This supposi- tion,unfortunately proved correct. After various articles ~f clothing, umbra las, &c., had been found, James Gardner, fisherman,pulled the body of a young man out of the water. Shortly after,Captain Phompsnn recovered the body of a female which was afterwards identified by Mr. Illingworth as that of his wife, Clara Ming worth, aged 28 years. Further search,until after dark,disclosed FIO further deaths. The bodies were removed to a tem- porary mortuary behind the King's Arms Hotel. On the young man's clothes being searched,among other articles were found a number of visiting cards bearing the name " H. Priestley, Rose Mount, Wyke." .uorecambe is peculiarly unfortunate in the matter of accidents, inasmuch as it is only just a year ago (on S -ptember 3rd, 1894) that the terrible boating accident occurred leading to the terrible loss of 25 lives. That vent quite spoiled the end of the season so far as More. came was concerned, and cast quite a groom over the community. Similarly the event of alouday is expected to have a deterrent effect on visitors.

The list of killed and injured is as follows : KILLED.

Jane Ann Ralph, aged 63, 37, Cavendish-place, Carlisle,

, widow. Herbert Priestley, aged about 25, Rose Cottage, Wyke, near Bradford. Claraillingworth, .aged 26, married, School House,

Mickletown, Methley, near Leeds. INJURED. Elizrbeth Saunders, widow, 24 Victoria-st., Morecambe fractured wrist, scalp wound and lacerated finger. Elizabeth Othrick, 30, Spring Gove-st., Towaite Gate, Gate, Hunslet—compound fracture of right leg. Elizabeth Ayre, 14, July-st., Manchester —injury to arm, Annie Ayre, aged 13, sister to above—injury to face. Miss Hilton, Irwell-place, Lower Brougnton—brought . .

out of sea apparently dead, but now convalescent. Mrs. Hunt, Laura-st., Lower Broughton—shaken,suffer- ing from shock. Several others, chiefly ladies, are also under medical treatment suffering from shock.

441's t aOAi ,6 14, ttpd, St4,o;-, k4NZIch--6 te,,440,41 0,, 113 1 ‘ll'"AVii. 13. t 33, 45. 1 81' flO 8. , 11 441, sku 4efi 2D 44it • t tY qa, 4 I 4 65 lts: if.1,2941"44°4-:-6.. ~ 3 Iprt

===== 0002601_18950914_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOUS STORY OF DUBLIN CASTLE.

THE TORY BOYCOTT OF LORD CREWE.

The " Westminster Gazette" of Tuesday evening con- tained the following : A story has reached us which will give some idea of the energy and determination with which the Tory boy- cotting of the Earl of Crewe (Lord Houghton) when Viceroy of Ireland in the late Administration was organised, and the sanctions with which the system was enforced and its infringement punished. Viscount Charlemont, who is better known as Colonel James Caulfield, was in 1866, during the Tory Viceroy- alty of the late Duke of Abercorn, appointed to the post of Comptroller to the Household of the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland. The office is held at the please of the Vice- roy, and on the retircment of a Lord-Lieutenant the Comptrollership becomes ipso facto vacant. Colonel Caulfield, however, notwithstanding his Toryism, which was of the most uncompromising character, discharged the duties of his office with such efficiency that he has been since his first appointment,nearly thirty years ago, retained in his position by successive Vicsroys. About four years ago Colonel Caulfield succeeded on the death of a kinsman to the ancient Irish peerage of Charlemont,created in the reign of James I. A vacancy in the Irish representative peerage occurred shortly after wards, and the suggestion that Lord Charlemont should be put for ward for election to a seat in the House of Lords as an Irish representative peer was well received, and no doubt of his selection entertained. Meanwhile, however, the defeat of the Tory Government at the general election of 1892 led to a change in the Lord- Lieutenancy, and the substitution of a Home Rule for a Tory Viceroy. Lord Charlemcnt was, as a matter of course, confirmed by Lord Crewe, the incoming Vice- roy, in his old position. He was, however, given to un- derstand that his declining to accept re-appointment by the Home Rule Viceroy would be highly popular in Unionist circles, and his name on his re-appointment as Comptroller was not put forward for election as an Irish representative peer. On the resignation of the late Government, Lord Charlemont happened to mee- Lord Cadogan, whose appointment to the Lurdt Lieutency of Ireland had then been settled in London. There was a long and friendly conversa- tion between them in reference to the manage- ment of the Viceregal establishment, with which Lord Charlemont's long experience had m..de him su familiar, and Lord Cadogan made then no suggestion that a change in the Controllership was contemplated. Lord Charlemont accompanied Lord Crewe on his de- parture in state from Dublin Castle to England, and intended to accompany Lord Cadogan on his coming over to Ireland to be sworn into the Lord Lieutenancy. On board ship, however, when crossing the Irish Chan- nel with the outgoing Lord-Lieutenant,Lord Cnarlernont received his first intimation that he was not to be re- tained in the office of Controller, which was conveyed to him ins letter written by Lord Cadogan to Lord Crewe, asking the latter nobleman to intimate to Lord Charlemont that new arrangements had been made with reference to the Controllership, and that perhaps Lord Charlemont would rather send in his resignation than be superseded—an error on Lord Cadogan's part, as the Controller ceases to hold office on the retirement from the Viceroyalty of the Lord Lieut enant by whom he was appointed. These matters have only gradually leaked out in conversation in Dublin circles. Lord Charlemont's own explanation of his own dismissal is noteworthy. " I was," he observed to a friend, " too much of a Home Ruler for them." The new Controller of the Household, Lord Longford, is an Irish peer. His peerage, however, does not date,like Lord Charlemont's, from 1820, but from 1800, the year of the Union. It was bestowed tor" Union services "in the Irish House of Commons.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950914_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA !NEP, SAI V, S PTEMIIER 14, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT REMEDY.

stsAinss GOUT plmias

FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIA'II,OA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. -afe and Effectual. Sold y all Chemists at 13.10. and 23. 9d. per box.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18950914_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

W ITII a prudent use, has savel many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PI, 4LS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950914_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION.

WEAK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION

DISORDERED LIVER, .

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
KAYE'S WORSDELL'S BEST FAMILY MEDICINE PILLS

They Purify the Blood, and as a Mild but effectual Aperient are unequalled, and beyond this they brace up the nerves and sec every organ in healthy action, thus ensuring complete restoration to perfect health. They are A CERTAIN CURE for INDIGESTION, CCNSTIPA- TION,BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, DYSPEPSIA, LIVER AND KIDNEY COMPLAIN FS. FOR LADIES OF ALL AGES THEY ARE INVALUABLE.

Of all Chemists, is. 10., 20.9 d. and 4s. 6d., per box.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER

}WET STREE3

JOHN WALKER AND CO. PROPRIETOR:. OF THE EXAMINER SERIES OF

===== 0002601_18950914_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

WHICH COMPRISE

T HE Warrington 4, Mid-Cheshire Examiner; pub lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous znaautacturing towns aid villages, and a large agricultural tract. THE Eariestown and Newton Examiner, end Adele*, Colborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field.

THE St. Helena Exatn4ner and Preseot Weekly News, pu Wished Friday afternoon. The district ccmprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King cm. &c.

THE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- A. noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widna Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemioal Works of any town In the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry.

Aviation, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted is all the above papers at one charge

Each of the above papers consists of 8 para. 56 long an wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the columns of any otherlocal paper—a tact deserving the attain Lion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner, ddition Lu giving the local intelligence of the district. be which it circulates, contains the general news of the week.

Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS

One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Ad er tisements in ALL the FIVB EXAMINERS. WANTEDS, TO BE LETS, 18 WORDS, 6D.. ON SA.LES, } And 3d. for each succeeding 9we s

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 64. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Dd. 27 Os. 94. ... is. 10d. ... 38. Od. 36 lB. Od. 2s. 6d. ... 41. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 38. Id. ... 58. 04. 64 ls. 6d. ... 38. ad. ... 6s. 04. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise merit specified below, and are strii tly confined to thoae. which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE ihsertiou A nd PAID FOB PREVIOUS TO INSERTION otherwise they will be charged. by the Business scale : APARTME2473 WANTED I Boum WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCE LLAN EOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PA RTNER s RIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Officea or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under ss.

PRINTING! PRINTING!

THE WARRINGTON "EXAMINER,"

PAINSTAIC ING PRINTERS are now-a-day sought for by business Men who study real economy In announcements which t' ey wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Tr Unions. Trading Associations mp nies, the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BoOKS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS. PLACARDS. An.

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sal irculars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, Ac.; Rules for Friendly, Building, an co-operative Societies; Csicket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Heads Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, Au.

I Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give s

===== 0002601_18950914_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WO/

PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BAILS. PROGRAMMES FOR CON VERSAZIONES MKS FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FECES, &c.

JOHN WALK ER AND CO., UNDERTAKE PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRIMING FUR LOAN OFFICES. PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR (RICKET CLUBS, MINTING FOR HANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR TRAOEsmEN, PIuNiING FOR ALL. RINTING FOR FRIENDLY :.,0t 1E riES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES.

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, THE "EXAMINER" WORKS, BEWSBY &TOM BEWSRY STREET. WARRINGTON

PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD oingle Skeet, sft. 31n. by 3ft. 91n, TIER LARGEST IN TELE DISTRICT.

A tdONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining mber of the '• LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Count MAMMOTH POSTERS.

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation for giving Carefu and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trills to the biggest mural " Mammoth" are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of businessmen. They find it doesn't pay to haw it—even at " the lowest teucier."

rrlIE "EXAMINER" SERIEs I. OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY Nawerur

Cotnprises rrH E WAR R I NGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE "EXAMINER," published every Saturday morning. rrHE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON .6 EX.. AMINES," publehed every Friday afternoon. THE ST HELENS " EXAMINER " published every Friths) afternoon. THE RUNCORN " EXAMINER" published every Friday afternoon ; and TIIE WIDNES " EXAMINER " published eve)? Friday afternoon.

“.EXAMINER” STEAM PRINTING WO IFFI

ERWSRY7STRRIIT, WARRINGTON

p APE It It 'TO ANY PATTERN'

===== 0002601_18950914_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
llowii...iii

===== 0002601_18950914_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Utter% to the ebitor.

THE CONDITION OF Tag PARISEI OF STOCKTON HEA.TII. Sir,-1 should think there is not in Great Britain a 'parish in such a miserable condition as the Parish of Stockton Heath near Warrington. Here we have a Vicar who, poor rnan,hasbeen in such a delicate state of health.that he has not been able to do anything for years past, conscqufmtly he ti,s had to appoint a curate-in- charge to do his duty. The Vicar I believe has very little private means, and he cannot afford ti retire be- cause if he did he woul 1 lose his stipend, some £l3O a year. The miserable offertory of about £3a week on an average,has to pay the ciirat e-in-charge. The last curate only stayed two years,and was very sorry he ever cl me near the place. Mr. Vernon has worked hard for two years to try and improve the condition of the people, but has been constantic m t with this difficnity,that he had no authority in the parish, the sole authority being the Vicar, who from ill-health has not been able to do any- thing tor his pi rishiotters. Mr. Vernon is a conscientious hard-working clergy man, and is an eloquent and splendid preacher, but he feels like a man with his bands tied behind his back,as he has had no power and n authority, and at last he has been compelled from his own self respect to retire, and last Sunday he preached an eloquent, beautiful,and touching sermon, bidding farewell to the congregation, and to the

parish. I am told that all Bishops and Archbishops put together are not able to remedy this scate of affairs— that the law of the church prevents them ! Then I say the sooner the law is altered the better, and the sooner the church is separated from the State, the better it will be for religion and for the influence of the Church in England. Why tho very :tones in the street if they had voices would proclaim against such a shameful state of affairs. As someone said the other day, if such a condi- tion arose in a Nonconformist Church, the mischief would be cured in a week. The only manufactory of any size in the Parish is a large Brewery, and that as everybody knowe dues not exert a powerful religious influene.e ; on the contrary its tendency is to degrade and demoralise the working men and women. If anyone wishes to know the condition of Stockton Heath, let him ask the last Curate. Ido not believe that any core-cientious clergyman with any ability and any energy will stay more than 2 years in the Place. How long is this state of affairs to go on P—Yours, &C. COILNION SENSE. September sth, 1895.

RESIGNATION OF lIIE CHIEF CONSTABLE. Sir,—Tha resignation of Mr. Samuel Hunt, as chief Constable of the borough of Warrington, is an event in its history which may well excite considerable interest among its older and more thoughtful inhabitants. Statis- tically and socially the differences between the Warring- ton of his earlier and later experiences are great, and he has personally had much to do in the moulding and pro- duction of the presen- satisfactory condition of things. When he came a, the close of 1863 the population was only about 26,000, and the police force 16, and its mem- bers were on sect) easy terms with the publicans of the town that many of them could go in at one door and out at anther of most of their houses, levy toll on the passage and see nothing but what was strictly correct or required reporting while on the kairney. Mr. Hunt came as superintendent of the police force, to revolution- iSe the natural product of this state of things. And what with only a partially converted Watch Committee, with a somnolent magistracy, an obstructive chief con- stable, a recalcitrant body of officials, and a formidable and ill-regulated criminal element among the population, he found no bed of roses to receive him; and he had to fight his way into the respect, it not into the affections of his varir d antagonists. And the marvel was that the badgered superintendeot did not throw up his appoint- ment, and have his enemies masters of the field. But there were law-loving men in the town who encouraged ' him to p-rsevere ; and they had good materials to work on, and most satiafactory have been the results. Mr. Hunt was born a pAceman ; and he was uncon- cionsly qualifying himself for his harassing duties in Warrington by a careful study of the following rules for conduct, while acting with the Derby police force : Persevere again4t discouragement, keep your t-rnp.r, employ leisure in study, and always have some work on hand, be punctual and methodical in business, and never procrastinate; never be in a hurry, preserve self-posses- sion, and do not be talked out of a conviction. Rise early and he an economist of time, maintain dignity without the appearance of pride. Manners is something with everybody and everything with some. Be guarded in discourse,attentive and slow to speart,never acquiesce in immoral or pernicious opinions, be not forward to assign reasons to three who have no right to ask for them,think nothing in conduct unimportant or indiffer- ent,rather set than follow examples, practice strict tem- perance,and in all your transations remember the final account. May God add His blessing on me ! is the devout close of this admirably sin.gestive code of rules. And their observance has brought Mr. Hunt peace at the last. His charge has grown to a population of about 57,000 and to a police forceof b 4, and all are in admi- rable order. Without being demonstrative., the head of the police force has been practically übiquitous ; and when for cogent reasons the trae for retire- ment arrives the Mayor and Watch Committee " accept with regrel% the resignation of Mr. Runt, and in doing so desire to place on record thtir high ap- preciation of the efficient and satisfactory manner it; which he has during a period of 29 years discharged the duties of the wry important office of chief conqa hie of the borough that a testimonial to the value of £5O he ()resented to Mr. HUtlt QU his retirement from the office of Chief flonstaqe •thi that for the Purpose of the Police Acts, 1839 to 1893, the seevicea of Mr. Hunt in the force be eerVfi-ii to be approved service." Mr. Hunt, at the close of his resignation, asks "for the grant of the retiring pension to which he is legally entitled," and this request shows the mettle of the man we are lAng. He wants his own and no more. Long lifeand happiness te him ; and, in the interests of this town, an equally good man as his successor.—Yours truly, GEORGE POWLSON. Ex-Editor "Warrington Advertiser." THE CONDITION OF DIAL-STREET.

Sir,—l should like to draw the attention of the powers that be to thP condition of Dial-st. It is rather an im- portant thoroughfare, in a small way, being a short cut intolTennel-et, for Rattershy-laue, &c. But pennle going through after dark are so molested and annoyed that' they don't care to tve it, thfle beiffii a lot of young chaps. Ar,., coy) o6noiegate at the bottom of Dial Courf htl who won't allow anyone to pass, with- tut an insulting remark, perhaps aneompanled with a small pebble, hit of stick, or same other little thing which one may have in his hand. If he or she remon- strate, so much the worse for them, for the language the Dial-st. crew use is most' filthy and ilis,zusting. If the street was better lighted and hotter looked after by the police, it would please the reqiectable residents.— Yours truly, DISGUSTED. Warrington, September 10, 1895.

THE NEW SE TIONAL MEMBER FOR WARRINGTON AND HIS PROMISES. Sir,—The great Brewer, who for so many years, repre- sented the " ehuroh " and I;quor trade of Warrington in the House of Commons, was gathered to his fathers some time ago, and notwi'hstanding all the blessings which he conferred upon the local clergy and their flocks his memory has been allowed to perish with his clay. The peculiar feature of the late member's Parliamentary career was profound silence: he was never known to open his month in debate upon any subject. Whether his successor is a I nilder of synagogues I know not, but I have evidence befnre me to show that he is not going to be a "dummy member "—not he. His voice will be heard with Apple use ;n the council of the nation, and the consequences will be -ah, who can tell ! He has made a beginning already, for the newspapers tell us that a few years ago he opened his mouth and sn ike to the Commons with such thrilling Pi^quence that the great Chamberlain was almost moved to tears. And, gentle reader, what do You think was the burden of his speech ? Yon will say at once,sozne topic of inter- flit " the gond old town," hi a birthplace, of which he is so prnud ! Not en. Like Gallica he cared for none of these things. The soul of Robert rose high above local matters and snared away over the blue waters of the Meditenanean to find a congenial subject in the island of icy rug. and here, my gentle reader, is a Press report of his great effsrt ! Mr. Piernoint drew attention to the , mannerin which the revenue of the island of Cyprus was ' seized trey," year for the purpose of paying the guarantees entered into by England and Prance in connection with , the island. We have taken from Cyprus nearly half of the whole revenue, and allowed the Cypriotes to spend £lO,OOO a year on their public works." Truly the blush of shame must have coloured the speaker's cheeks when he uttered such a damning commentary on British justice and fair play to a small and defenceless people. But surely the member's charity shorikl have com- menced at home and not so far away as Cyprus. There is flinty, of injugtier., over taxation end other wrongs afflicting his own constituents to afford abundant scope for the developments of his sneakily! plwers ! When drink is ruining men, women and childr-n, and bringing damnation on the land ; when wages are scperzed to the lowest point ,while thousanrls can find no emplo!,rtient at all,and rates are 33 per cent.on rental hew can this Tory . Saviour of Warrington Society he silent ! And his neg- lect of these matters seems all the more reprehensible when we remember how large and comprehensive were the promises when he was soliciting votes. The blessings of three acres of lard and a cow were aa nothing com- pared to what was offered to the electors. By Sornfq un• explained And unexplainable process the kindly fruits of the earth were to spring up in such abundance that the farmers and their lahnurers would be so mutually bene- fitted that tt gy wink] sing together for joy ; kcal trade Would be sn increased by the mere prospect of docks to toe built hal a century her ce that the Mersey and the

Ship Canal would be crowded with flats carrying pins and needles, glass, wire, and soap to the ends of the earth ; arid last, and best of all,the liquor traffic would be destroyed as an evil thing, and the millions now ex- pended upon its abominable concoctions would be diverted to the legitimate and useful purposes of life. In all seriousness, let me conclude by remarking that Mr. Pierpoint is only a very ordinary illustration of the political partisan whose tread scatters dust in the eyes of the ignorant and unwary, and ' whose mouth is often found uttering large and attractive promises which there is neither the will nor the power to perform. This double dealing was the rock upon which the great Liberal party perishcA. That party was grand at crying out in the market places, " Peace, Retrenchment, and Reform," and nibbling at some minor abuses, w bile it utterly neglected to touch the huge iniquities connected with the land, " the Church" and the liquor traffic. And Mr. Pierpoint and his party will assuredly meet the same doom if they adopt the same line of legislation. A power is being gradually developed in the country that will reccgnise no party shibboleths, and no party leaders like my Lords Salisbury, Devonshire, and Chamberlain, who neither toil nor spin. The aim of that parts- will be to beat down monopolies of all kinds, both in Church and &ate, and to see that the fruits of industry shall be the re- ward of the industrious, and not of the idle and worth- less.—Yours truly, lONA.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950914_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
.

THE OPENING OF PARR HALL.

DESCRIPTION OF THE NEW ORGAN. In view of the opening of Parr Hall, on Septem- ber 26th, when there will be two performances by the Warrington Musical Society, a few details of the past history of the enlarged and up-to-date instrument which has been placed in the Hall by the Society will be of interest. In the winter of 1834-5 a movement was set afoot for the purpose of raising subscriptions towards the purchase of an organ to be vested in trustees chtmen to represent the War- rington Musical Society so long as it existed. The proposal met with a ready response, and the sub- scription list was headed by Mr. J. Wilson-Patten (afterwards Lord Winmarleigh), and the Hon. Horace Powys who each gave ten guineas. In the list of subscribers were many well-known names. Messrs. Joseph Stubs and William Hall each con- tributed £5; Mr. John Guest and Mr. IL R. Pick- mere, £4; Messrs. W. Hadfield, George Furnival, jun.. John Edelsten and Sons, T. W. Hardy, Thomas lierfoot (Greenall and Buckton), Edmund Malley, William Heath. William Stubs, Thomas Hall,Thomat. Vere Bayne: Caldwell, Parker, and Company; T. Hurst, Samuel Hassalls, James Haddock,and Broad- bent, each £2. A large number contributed El, among them being Messrs. J. R. Pickmere, James Marson, Beamont, end J. Pickmere. The treasurer was Mr. John Rylands, jun., who is still connected with the Society. The trust deed for the organ, which was drawn up by Messrs. Greenall and Buckton, is dated April 30th, 1835. The whole of the cost ot the organ was not raised at the time, and a lean of .£6O was required to complete the pur- chase. In 1840, further subscriptions were soli- cited, and the debt was then paid off. The organ was kept in the meeting places of the Magical Society until 1865, when the Public Hall in Rylands-et., was erected. After the opening of that Hall, the organ was placed there, where it re- mained until 1892, when the Hall was sold to the present theatrical company. The organ was then taken to pieces and stored away until recently, when it has been erected in the new Parr Hall. For this purpose, it has been extensively repaired, re- newed and enlarged by Mes:rs. Gray and Davison, organ builders, 30, Upper Stanhope-et., Liverpool, at a cost of ahou 4350. In the trust deed, there were originally 38 trustees. all of whom are now de- ceased. On January 16, 1892, Lord Winmarleigh, who was the last of the original trustees,appointed a fresh batch of trustees. The Musical Society have been able since their decision to erect this new organ, to set an foot a subscription list. They have realised close upon .£2OO up to the present time. They hope within the next month or two to almost if not entirely cover the whole of the .£350 expended on the organ.

SPEXIFICATiON OF THE ORGAN. The organ has been greatly improved and extended since its erection in the Public Flail, and the appended specification will show the extent of its resources. The inerument may he considered new, exceptint; portions of the old sound boards and pipes, which have been in- corporated in the present instrument. Much of the old work was found to be snund and good thus testifying the excellent quality of the work done by Gray and Davison in 1872. The present trint is designed and made to meet modern requirements. The various tiers of pipes are supplied with direct wind by means of tubu- lar pneumatics, which greatly increases the volume of tone and dispenses with many complications. The manuals and couplers are built up-n-1 an improved prin- ciple, each separee pip o having sufaci,mt speaking space and ample room is provided for the combined full organ. The Musical Saciety deserve all credit for their enterprise in thus providinci an efficient organ in time for the open- 13g of the new Hall.

Spe'effieitlon of threa-manu al coac2rt orgai ereeted in Parr Hall, NVluTiructen, JaRRAIC ORGAN CO TO F. 54 Notes. Tone. Pipes. 1 Large op3n Diapason 2 (lamb 3 stopped Diapason 4 Prinetpak, .. ..„. ... , 5 Fifteenth 2ft. ... 54 6 Mixture 3 rani4s 7 Trumpet 8 Clarion 4Ft. ... 54 SWELL ORGAN CC TO F. Tone. Pipes. 1 Double Diapason 2 Open Diapason B(t. ... 54 3 Duleiens 4 Stopp.el Diapaspn... Brs. ... 51 5 PA,mpil a!t. ... 54 A Swab,- Flute 7 Fifteenth 2ft. ... 54 8 Mixtuse (2 ranks) .. various... IbB 9 Cornopean 11 Oboe CHOIR ORGAN CC TO F. Tone. Pipes. I Tbileiana

2 Weraniophon 3 Clarabella 4 Harmonic rote 5 Harmonic Piccolo Clarionet... ................. 42 PEDAL ORGAN CCC TO P. Tone. Pi pó€. 1 Large Open Diapason l3t. ... 30 2 Vollone 3 Violoncello 4 Super Octave 4ft. ... 30 5 Trombone COUPLERS. Orem'. Organ to Pedals. Swell Orza n to Pedals. Swell Organ to rhoi... ChAr Organ to Pedals. Swell to Great, Unison. Swell to Great Sob Octave. Tr.nutlant to Swell Orgen. 3 COMPOSITIONS TO SWELL OrGAN. 4 COMPOSITIONS to ORR AT ORGAN and PEDALS SUMMARY.

Pipes. Great Organ 540 Swell Oran

Choir Organ 3OO P, dal Organ

• Total number of Pipes 1571 A perusal of the above specifilation wilt show that although not having a large array of stops, these are well arranged and selected for variety ot tone and effects. The portions of the organ iec,rporat-d in the pre.ent instrument were built in 1872 hr Gray and Divison. The organ was used for the first time at a rehearsal by the Musical Society on Tuesday eyeninr, and its rerllow tone and variety of stops was much admired. The organ will be completed in amnle time for the openior, on the 26th inst., a section of the reeds only now remaining to be placed in position.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

CHURCH INsTrrora —The Committee of the shove beg to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of £8 12s. Bn. from Mr. George Crosfield, being the proceeds of per- formance given in the Bank Quay Schoolroom on Satur- day evening in aid of the Institute Funds. THE NEW CURATE.—A successor to till Rev. H. R. C. Vernon, lately curate-in-charge of St. Thomas's Church, Stockton Reath, has been found in the person of the Rev. Mr. Rulme. It is understood that this gentleman, who has been for some time past occupying a ministerial Position in new 13righton, will take up his new duties on Sunday. The Rev. A. A. !later, of the Warrington Training College, officiated at both services on Sun- day last.

Itmes COCOL.--GRATRWL AND COMF3aTING.—" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern. the operations of dive ion and nutrition, and by a csrefol application of the fine properties of well-selected Cocos, Mr Rpps has provided for our breakfast and supper a delicately flavoured beverage wh,ch may save Di many heavy do^tor's bills It is by the judicious use of an h articles hf diet that constitution may be gradually bnilt no until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. We mar escape mpny a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with rore blood and a properly nourished frame."—Ciril Service Gazette.— Made simply w.th boiling water or milk.—Sold only in packets. by Gr ,eers JAMES NP12.1 ,t Co., Ltd., Homceopathic Chemists. London. —Also makers of Bpps's Cocosine or Cocoa-Nib extract: A thin beverage of full flavour. now withmany beneillially taking the place of tea. Its active principle being a gentle ne,-e stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM NE 11, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER l4, 1895.

EARLESTOWN A.ND NEWTON.

BOWLING HANDICAP. On Saturday a bowling handicap in connection with the Newton Nursery Bowling Club,was played on the home green, 36 members taking part. The first prize consisting ot a set of bowls, was given by Mrs. G. Sturgess, of which Mr. G. McCormick became the possessor; Mr. F. Burgess was second, Mr. 0, Sturgess third, and Mr. J. earner ,n fourth.

DRUNK AT EARLESTOWN. On Monday at the Police Station, Earlestown,be- fore Mr. C. B. F. Borron, a man named Patrick Cowan. of no fixed abode, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Lawrence-Bt., Earlestown, on Saturday night and in default of payment of a fine of 24. 6d. and costs went to gaol for seven days. 1.0.G.T. EARLESTOWN EBENEZER LODGE.

This lodge opened its weekly session with Bro. W. Hatton as chief templar. An appeal was read for funds on behalf of the G. T. Orphanage. Miss Margaret Howard was proposed and made a member of the Order. After the business the pro- gramme which was "sing, recite or pay id" was rendered, all the members taking part. Bro Thomp- son of Great Heart Lodge, St. Helens, spoke a few encouraging words, the Lodge closing at 9.30 after a very pleasant evening.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SONS OF TEMPEHANES.

On Wednesdav evening the Cadet of Temperance of the Samuel Morley section met in the Co-opera- tive Hall, Bro. A. Smith in the chair. After open- ing a brother gave a short address. At 8 o'clock the adult division met in the same room, Bro. John Pickett presiding. After the opening the question of the anniversary was discussed and October 2nd was decided for tea and entertainment. A sub- committee was appointed to draw up a programme for the coming quarter and business relating to the order was discussed. A pleasant meeting was closed at 9.30. DAHLIA SHOW AT THE VULCAN INN.

On Saturday a line show ot dahlias was held at ' the Vulcan, which had been carefully selected from various growers in Lancashire and I..lheshire, by 40 competitors anxious to secure the prizes offered for the best specimens. Each exhibitor had on view three distinct varieties, the majority being very fine indeed. Messrs. R. Andrew and L. Bees- ton were the judges, and awarded the prizes as fol- lows :—l, J. Lewis. Earlestown ;2, J. Jones, Vul- can ;3. J. Prime, Winwick ;4, T. Boardman, Vul- can ;5, W. Boardman, Vulcan. On Monday the flowers were sent to the Warrington Infirmary and the Workhouse Hospital by Mr. E. L. Bent.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTRER SHOOTING MATCH.

Having received a challenge from the isle of Man detachment, the Newton detachment of the 6th Liverpool (King's) Battalion selected a team, con- sisting of Sergeant Bateman, Lance-Corporal Rose, Lance-Corporal Rimmer, Sergeant-Instructor Bird, and Privates Gibson, Wallace, Pullen and Appleton, to represent them in the struggle. The team journeyed to Douglas on Saturday, and met with a hearty reception from their brotherly rivals. Ou Sunday they R ent for a dtive, and the match was shot off on Monday morning. Newton won by 25 points, the whole of the team putting on good scores. The four o'clock boat homeward bound was boarded, the trip having been thoroughly enjoyed. The return will be decided at Newton during the next fortnight.

END OF THE WIGAN MINERS' STRIKE. Work was resumed on tiredne,day at No. 2 pit of the Garswood Mall Colliery Company at Brynn,near Wigan, where about 400 miners and datallers have been on strike during the past three weeks. The firm wanted the men to work the coal on the end ' instead of on the face, and the miners declined without an alteration of payment,as they contended that the new system was more difficult. On Tues- day Mr. Sam Woods, Mr. Thomas Greenall, and other of the Lancashire miners' leaders met the , management of the colliery, and after a conference extending over five hours a compromise was arrived it which the men accepted. During the stoppage the miners received 10s. per week and Is. per head for the members of their families from the funds of the Lancashire Miners' Federation. GOoD TEMPLARY.

The weekly session of the hope of Earlestown Lodge ot Good Templets was held oa Monday even- ing presided over by Bro. Hatton, C.T. There was a good attendance. Several items of business affect- ing the internal working of the lodge was trans- acted, after which the programme for the evening was introduced. An entertainment was given by the sisters, those reßponsible being Sisters A. New- man, V. T., and L. Jones,D.M. A number of friends attended, and songs. readings, and recitations were given by Sisters F. Barker, Wright, Mrs. Ilophins,A. Newman, L. Jones, and E. Woods, and piano solos were executed by Sisters E. Blair and F. Holliday, who also acted as accompanists. Short addresses were given by Bros. A. Francis, of St. Helens, ale.-; sergeant Roberts, of Warrington. Vctes of thanks were tendered to the Sisters, and the meeting ter- minated. WARGRAVB CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOO'S.

The annual tea party in connection with the Sunday school of Wargrave, was held on Monday evening in the schoolroom, when over 150 children partook of an excellent tea. In addition to the teachers, those who administered to the wants of the children included ;Mesdames Norman, Thomp• son. Hyde, Jackson. Herring, Carson; Misses Rad- cliffe, Laithwaite, Dane, Carson (3), the Rector (the Rev. J. Carson), and Mr. R. Chandley. After enjoy- ing a hearty meal a pleasant time was spent in games, until the bell warned them to assemble in the ach,:-.,olroma th mrnl.t witness lable POrformance given by Professor Wyman. A number of adults joined in swelling the audience and they, as well as the younger portion,thoroughly enjoyed the conjuring, ventriloquial sketches, and shadoivgraphy, as submitted by Professor Wyman. Otickets o Sweets were distributed to the children and their annual treat was voted a success. HORTICULTURAL SHOW AT NEWTON.

On Saturday at the Millstone Inn, an exhibition lit plants, flowers, fruit and vegetables was held in a large room connected with that place. The show which is to be an annual affair was promoted by Mr. Webster, the landlord, who offered a number of enticing prizes open to all competitors. The ex- hibits were excellently staged, and altogether num- bered 328. belonging to 31 exhibitors. Competitif n was very keen, and the quantity of products was of an all round excellence. Messrs. Watkins, of ilaydock, and Norman,of Golborne, acted as judges. A finely developed vegetable marrow (not for com- petition), attracted no little attention, and its solidity was vouched for by the fact that it scaled 271bs. The awards consisted of kettles, tea pots, and money prlz.s, the expense of which—with one exception—contributed by Councillor Simpson,was borne by Mr. Webster. The principal prizc, win- ners included Messrs. Randall, Sepliton, 'l'. Board- man, Clarke and Naylor. A good number of per- sons visited the exhibition and inspected the pro- duce. The management was in the hands of Messrs. Leather and Burgess, who discharged their duties in an efficient manner. I NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS CHORAL AND ORCHESTRAL

===== 0002601_18950914_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIETY.

A general meeting of the members of this society was held in the Town Hall, Newton, on Friday evening. Dr. J. W. Watkins presided and about 50 members attended. The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, remarked that it had been propo,ed that such a society should he formed and with that object a committee ha I been got together to arrange matters for their first. meeting. From the number of persons who had signified their intention of be- coming members, he thought that society would prove a great success. (Hear, hear.) Over SO had joined. CO being vocalists and the remainder instru- mentalists. The Hon. T. W. Legh, M.P., had con- sented to become their president. Messrs. J. W. Glover and Ilindley Smith had undertsken the duties of joint-secretaries, and together with the lommittee had made the preliminary arrangements and convened that meeting. A code of rules would be submitted for approval. Mr. J. W. Glover then submitted the rules, which were taken seriatim and unanimously agreed to. The election of officers resulted as follows:—President, the Hon. T. W. Legh, M.P.; vice-president. Dr. .T. W. Watkins ; treasurer, Captain Royse, R.N.; secretaries, Messrs. Hindley Smith and J. W. Glover; committee, Mrs. Rayse, Mrs. E. T. ',:vans, Miss Watkins, Councillor Smith, Mr. J. Singleton, Mr. T. Wilkinson, Mr. P. Fairclough ; conductor, Mr. F. A Crossley of War- rington. It was resolved to commence rehearsing Gaul's composition "Joan of Arc," the first meeting to take place, in the St. Peter's Schoolroom on Thursday, October 3rd, at eight o'cloclt.

The Clive, with the Shahzada on beard, is to call at Jeddah, where he will clisetnbai k in order to make his pilgrimage to Mecca. As a result of the Prince's visit to England, a young Moslem doctor, Dr. R. Abdul-Ghani, who has been trained here, is shortly to pr-weed to Cabul. The Shahz tda is anxious, on his return to Afghanistan, to send some Afghan boys to London to earn trades.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

YOUNG MEN'S CIIR/STIAN ASSOCIATION.

Sr. LUKE'S CHURCH, BANK QUAY.

Immo

.

~‘

LOCAL SUCCESS AT BUXTON HORSE SIIOW. At the above show, which was held on Tuesday, Sir Gilbert Greensll succeeded in taking the first prize for the best mare or gelding (open class) not , exceeding 15 hands 2 inches, up to not less than 12 stone, shown in saddle. He also carried off third priz:i in the open class for cob, mare or gelding, not exceeding 14 hands 2 inches, and first tor pony not exceeding 13 hands 2 inches.

WRINGING MACHINES. GARLAND, Ironmonger Warrin.e.,on. . _

A large number of persons attended the P.S.A. meeting on Sunday, when Mr. John S. Green pre- sided and addressed the meeting upon the "Hest of the Sabbath." Mr. A. Mountield delivered an in- terestinq address upon the subject—" A Young Man's Blunder." Mr. Patrick contributed a solo in a feeling manner. Mr.-Ellison and Mr. Peters also took part in the meeting. Mr. F. Hickman was the accompanist.

HoUSEHOLo LINENS, hemmed and marked free of charge.— . aril W. DUTTON, ankey-st... Warringtou.-4At. lIHATH-SIDE DAY SCHOOLS.

The annual sermons in aid of the above schools, of which Mr. D. W. Finney is the head- master, were preached on Sunday, in St. Paul's Church. The preacher in the morning was the Rev. H. V. Pigot, and in the evening the Rev. H. Monk, vicar of St. Peter's, Newton-le-Willows, who, in the course of an interesting sermon, remarked that the pulpit, press, and Parliament advocated the importance of education and that universal education had become the watchword of the times. LAWN OWIMS.- -GARLAND, Ironmonger, Warrington and Earlestown.

WORKINGMEN'S GOSPEL TEMPERANCE MISSION HALL.

- - An enjoyable social meeting was held in the above hall on Saturday night. A Gospel temper- ance meeting was held at the end of Bewsey-street on Sunday night. Mr. J. Drury presidegi,and spoke in high terms of the long and valuable services which Mr. W. Chadwick, the principal speaker of the evening, had rendered to the temperance cause. Mr. Adam Horrocks gave a brief address on the evil effects of drink in home life. His address was marked with much fervour, and was well received.

SEWING MACHINES Hand £2 18s. 63. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome walnut nover.—J . and W. Durrox 16 and 18 Sankey-at., Warrington. —Advt. ROBBING ORCHAIMS. _ _ _

_ At the Warrington Occasional Court on Monday morning, before Mr. Edward ()Treenail, a young man named Malcolm Alexander, of Lythgoes-lane, was charged in custody with having stolen from the orchard of Mr. C. T. Whitley, farmtr, of Stratton, a quantity of apples valued at Berry deposed LO meeting the prisoner at art early hour on the previous morning on Warrington Bridge. Ile was carrying upon his back a pillow slip containing a bird cage and a number of app'es. Being somewhat confused, and answering certain questions very un- satisfactorily, the officer took him into custody.—,- Other evidence was given, and the prisoner, on being found guilty, was fined 58. and costs,with the alternative of seven days' imprisonment.--At the same Court on Saturday,before Mr Zara Armitage, Thomas Whitehouse, a labourer, was charged with having stolen on the previous day a quantity of apples valued 4d., from the orchard of Messrs. Jeans, Sankey.—Tte charge was proved against the prisoner, who was apprehended by P.C. Thornley. —Prisoner, who remarked that he might just as well be summoned for stealing as for begging, was sent to gaol for seven days.

CYCLES,—GARLAND, Sole Agent, Bridge-st., Warring on. _ _ .

From a statement of receipts and payments made up to the 30. h June this year, in connection with this new church, there is still owing to the bank on overdraft, the sum of £231 ss. 4d., " to which must be added, say, another .130 for further expenses of painting, &c.. and in addition there will be the bank interest running until the overdraft be written off." It is further stated that " one of the require- ments of the Bishop prior to the consecration of new churches in the diocese of Liverpool is, that a repair fund shall be established equal in amount to five per cent. on the total cost of the church. On the consecration of this church, however, seeing that the building fund was not all subscribed, the committee were not able to meet this require- ment., but, by- special arrangement, they obtained the postponement of the requirement on the under- standing that an effort would be made as soon as possible to raise the amount required for such fund. 'in, repair fund in this case will be close upon .£300." The total amount required is, therefore, £541 54. 41. The total subscriptions received up to the 30th June amounted to £5,362 2s. 7d.

SEwisok MACH/NZ9, Hand zz Los. ou. Treadle £4 4s. with I handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DurroN, 16 an 13, Sankey•st., Warrinirton.—Advt. THE BUTTERMILK BRIDGE FATALITY. On Sionday evening, Mr. Brighouse, county icoroner, held an inquest at the Bowling Green Inn, Bank Quay, on the body of Christopher Taylor, 12 sears of age, who lived with his parents at 4,Selbv- street, and who was drowned in the St. Helens and 'Sankey Canal near Buttermilk Bridge, on Friday night.—Thomas Preston Taylor, father of the , deceased, stated that the lad left his home about Ifive o'clock on Friday evening, and the next he saw of him was when he was brought home drowned, at about 6.30 the same evening.—Clyde Crooks stated that he with deceased and others went to play near the bridge, and the deceased in making an attempt to walk along the rail of the bridge fell in. He (witness) was then about ten yards away, and he ran to his friend, who was struggling in the water, and tried to pull him out with his i 3.0.1, 'but was unable to do so. He then sent his brother, James Crooks,to the deceased's home,to inform his parente of the occurrence.—James Crooks proved sec,lng the decea,ed fall into the canal,and on being questioned by the Coroner, said that he had often tried to walk on the bridge rail.—Thomas Knox stated that he was passing along toe bank at the time of the acci- dent, and he succeeded in getting the body from the water with a grappling iron, but life was then quite extinct The body was then removed home.—The jury, after a long consultation on the defi-cts of the bridge, returned a verdict of " Accidentally drowned."—..' be Coroner remarked that he would send the following presentment to the officials of I the London and North-Western Railway Company, to whom the bridge belongs :—" September 1895. Deceased drowned in canal whilst walking along the rail of the bridge. It is hoped that the rails on each side of the bridge be boarded up, and that the rails of the bridge be made V shaped, so that no person can walk along them."l h.rdsvoimso Mws.,oElnuitsesco,,Hers—nas £2. nI.BIW. DTurreisodxl a. £164 (twllBth. Sanker-A., Warrington.—Advt. - _

RE-OPENING OF THE PADGITE INSTITUTE. The annual meeting of the members of the Church Institute was held in the Church House, Padgate, on Monday evening. The Vicar, the Rev. J. J. Longhorn, MA., presided, and there was a large attendance of members. Mr. S. H. Antrobus (the secretary), said that his report for the past , season was more satisfactory than any previous one ' he had had the pleasure to submit, owing to the growing of the institute in various ways. They ' commenced the session with a membership of 96, ! which hail grown considerably. The most interest- event during the last session was the opening of the Church House by the members on the 4th February. After having referred to several other events of the session, the Secretary stated that a most successful season was brought to a close by a smoking concsrt on the sth May. On the proposi- tiJn of Mr. T. 11. Granger. seconded by Mr. T. S. Steel, the report was adopted. The Treasurer's (Mr. J. P. Critchley) accounts, having been audited and found correct,, were passed. The total income amounted to .Cl 2 Os. Sl., and expenditure to £lO 10s. 2d. The Rev. J. J. Longhorn was re-elected pre- sident, and the Rev. W. R. flartwright and Messrs. J. W. Besivers, F`. M. Appleton, 13 Mather, 11. M. Mines, A. Bennett and W. Ilodgkinson vice-presi- dents, with the addition of the name of Mr. J. Gib- son. Mr. T. 11. Granger was elected secretary, and Mr. James P. Critchley treasurer. The committee ' was elected by hallot,and resulted in the following order :—Messrs. S. H. Antrobus, Thomas S. Steel, John Monks, J. R. Jones, William Weston,T. Smith, E. Howard, and Joseph Weston. Mr. Steel proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. S. H. Antro- bus for his services as secretary of the institute during the past five years. The Rev. J. J. Longhorn seconded, and Mr. J. P. Critchley supported the proposition, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Antrobus said what he had done for the institute he had done willingly, and it had been a pleasure to him. A vote of thanks to Mr. Critchley for his services as treasurer during the past session and to the Vicar for presiding brought the meeting to a close. TOE, Presilent. thoo declared the institute ! ,open for the session of 1895-6. AMERICAN ROCKER Datum sale price, lb. 6,1. BAMBOO TABLES,With tw trays, sale price, 4s. and W. DUTTON, iiia,•,ev.et... Warrington.— .v t. HOUSEHOLD LINENS, hemmed and misked free of charge.— and W. Dutto.i, B.tukSy-s WArrington.— att.

I -

===== 0002601_18950914_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT MARE AND FOAL SOCIETY.

The sixth annual show in connection with this society-was held on Thursday in Walton Park. The entries numbered 207, which is slight falling off as compared wir h the show of last year. With re- gard to the officers of the society, Sir Gilbert Greenall officiates as president, Mr. Fred Monks as vice-president, Mr. Macher and Mr. Joseph Knowles as lion. secretary and bon. treasurer re- spectively, and Mr. H. Beresford Melville is assis- tant secretary. The committee are as follow.= : Colonel Ridgway. Major Walker, and Messrs. John White, Richard Ainscough, T. Ball, William Brad- ford, H. Broadbent, Alfred Broome, Thomas Char- nosk, J. E. Davies, Richard Fairclough, William Fair- hurst, Cyril Greenall, H. Greenough, James Gould, John Halsall, W. H. Jones, William Long, J. Mainwaring, J. Marsh, Henry Mawdaley, Henry Milling, Sylvanus Rey- nolds, W. Richardson, Joseph Sbakeshaft, and J. Tinsley, jun. The judges were—for shire horses : Mr. John Rowell, of Ramsey, Hunr.s, and Mr. Thomas Clements, of Milnthorpe ; light horses and turnouts : Mr. Alfred Ashtots,of Kerminchaa3, and Mr. J. Drage, of Chapel Brampton. The consulting veterinary surgeons were Mr. Joseph Welsby, F.R.C.V.S., West Derby, and Mr. Hugh Ferguson, F.R.C.V.S., Warrington, while the following gentlemen acted as stewards :—Shire classes : Messrs. John Weir, John Whitlow,James Gould, Joseph Shakeshaft, James Warburton, and Arthur Pimblott ; light classes and turnouts : Messrs. Cyril Greenall, Svlvanus Reynolds, Henry Whitlow, James Tinsley,jun., W. D. Bullock, and J. H. Ridgway ; finance, Mr. J. E. S-cker.

The following is the prize list i CLess I.—Mares, 18 hands and over, with foal at foot by Carbon, or having produced a living foal this year by Carbon : 1, John Whitlow Broomfields, Appleton ; 2, Joseph Shakeshaft, Cherry-lane, Lymm ; 3, Edward Gibbon, Yew Tree Farm, Lymm. CLASS 2.—Mares, under 18 hands, with foal at foot by Carbon, or having produced a living foal this year by Carbon: 1, A. Broome, Keckwick ;2, John Lougshaw, Howshoots Farm, Grappenhall ; 3,Ed ward Gibbon, Yew Tree Farm, Lymm ; h c, John llarbysbire, Beilfields, Appleton. CLASS 3.—Colt foals by Carbon : 1, John Longshaw, Howshoots Farm, Grappeuhall ; 2, A. Broome, Keck- wick, Warrington; 3, John Whitlow Broomfieids, Applet.an ; 4, Joseph Shakeshaft, Cherry-lane, Lvmm. Czess 4.—Filly foals by Carbon: 1, Alfred Broome, Keck wick ; 2 and 3, Edward Gibbon, Yew Tree Farm, Lymm ; 4, Matthew Shakeshaft,Crouchley,Lymrn ; h Thomas Percival, Moore, CLASS s.—Yearling colts or geldings, by Carbon : 1, Joseph Shakeshaft, Cherry-lane, Lymm ; 2, John Whit- low, Bronmfields, Appleton; 3,A. Broome, Keckwick, near Warrington. CLASS B.—Yearling fillies. by Carbon : 1, Frank Worthington, Rixton New Hall, near Warrington : 2, 'I ho nas Hardy, Mere Hall Farm, Knutsford ; 3, Joseph Knowles, Appleton Thorn; h c, Edward Gibbon, Yew Tree Firm', Lymm. Cuss 7,—First and second prizes given by the Vice- President, Mr. Frederick Monks. Mare, with foal at foot by a registered Shire Horse, or having produced a living foal in 1.895 .1, Lord Egerton of Tattoo ;2, ' Thomas Charnock. Hale, near Liverpool; 3. Thomas Hardy, Mere Hall Farm, Knutsford ; hc, H. and R. Ainscough. Risley, near Warrington. CLass B.—Foals : 1, Lord Egerton of Tatton ; 2, Wil- ham Lowe, Sutton Hall, near Warrington ; 3, Charles ' Taylor, 800 Green, Mere, near Knutsford ; h c, Edward Gibbon, Yew Tree Farm, Lymm. CLASS 9.—Yearling : 1 and 2, James Gould, Lymm; 3, Frank Worthington, Raton New Hall, near Warrington; h c. Thomas Hardy, Mere Hall Farm, Knutsford.

Ccess 10.—Two-year-old fillies: 1, Lord Egerton of Tatton ; 2, 11. and R. Ainscough, Risley, near War- rington ; 3, Joseph Shakeshaft, Cherry-lane, Lymm,near Warrington; h c, John Longshaw, Rowshoots Farm, Grappenhall, near Warrington.

CLess 11.-1, Lord igerton of Tatton ; 2, Frank liorthington, Rixton New Hall, near Warrington; 3, James Mercer, Hale Bank, near Widnes; h c, H. and R. Ainscough, Risley, near Warrington. CLASS 12.—Mare with foal at foot (foals to be with the mares in the ring), by a registered shire horse. Open to the United Kingdom : 1, Lord Egerton of Tattoo ;2, Thomas Charnock, Hale, ..,sar Liverpool : ho, Exers, of E. Charnock. Fazakerley, near Liverpool. CLASS 13 —Foals, open to the United Kingdom: 1, Lord Egerton of Tatton ; 2, William Lowe, Sutton Hall, Warrington ; h c, G. H. Matlock, Poulton, Chester. CLessl4.—Special prizes, given by Mr. Thomas Char- nook, for foals by any of his horses : 1, G. H. Mullock, Poulton. near Chester , 2, Exors. of Edward Charnock, Fazakerley, near Liverpool ; h c, Walter Harrison, New Pale, Frodsham.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
HUNTER CLASSES.

CLASS 17.—Privs given by Mr. Sylvanus Reynolds, Haddon Court. Maws with foal at foot, or stinted to a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire : 1,2, and hc, Walter Jones, The Elms, Moore, near Warrington; 3,John Ravenscroft, Moss Farm, Plumbley, autstord. CLASS 18.—Priz-s given by Mr. Walter Jones, rhe Elms, Moore. Mares, with foal at foot, or stinted to a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire. For tenant farmers only: I,Sam S. Raineill, Hale, Altrinch am; 2 and cup, Thomas Wright, High Legh; 3, Msry Whitlow, Moss Hall Farm,High Legh; h c, Walter Shakeshaft,Crouchley, Lvmm. ()Lass 19. —Sir Gilbert Greenall,Bart., gives a premium (£3) in this class for the best exhibit, the property of a I tenant farmer. Foals by a throughbred or registered I hunter sire : 1, Walter Jones, The Elms, Moore ;2, and premium, James Sanders, Owl's Nest, Hatton, Warring- ton ; 3, James Brookes. Thelwall, near Warrington ; h c, John Ravenscroft, Moss Farm, Plumbley, linutstord. CLASS 20.—Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., gives a pre- mium (£3) in this class for the best exhibit the property of a tenant farmer. Yearlings by a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire :1, G. L. Dewhurst, Beechwood. Lymto ; 2 and premium, John E. Newton, De:afield Hall, Rostherne. CLAss 21.—Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., gives a premium (£3) in this class for the best exhibit, the prop•rty of a tenant farmer. Two-year-olds by a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire :1, James Tinsley, Diresbury Hall, near Warrington; 2 and premium, James Brookes, Thel- wall, ne: W itqp ; be, Mary Whitlow, Mossfl ram, High Legh. CLasS 22.—Sir Githert Greenall, Bart., gives a pre- mium (£3) in thiS dims for the best exhibit, the pro- perty of ft tehant farmer. Three-year-olds (to be shown lb hand) by a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire : 1 and premium, Joha E.Newton,Denfield Hall,Restherne ; 2, Colin Maclver. Statham. near Warrington ; h c, ThQmas Wright, High Legh, KnutsfOrd. CLASS 23.—Special prizes given by Mr. Alfred Good- man, Cheadle, for foals by his horse Prince of Denmark. , Not confined to the society's district : 1, Joseph Hall, Birchdale, Frodshana ; 2, Thomas Baxter, Bradley Or- chard, Frodshana ; h c, Thomas Wright, High Legh.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.

A most suecessful meeting of this Society, was held in the League Hall, Bswsey-street, on Sunday evening, Mr. John Mullins, president, in the chair. In the course of an earnest and instructive address, Mr. Mullins expressed his gratitude to the gentle- man who so kindly sent the very eloquent eulogium of him and his work to the " Examiner" last week. He said he had been engaged in the work of tbe League of the Cross for over twenty-six years; and he was desirous that when he was gone someone would be able to tako his place in that work, and to that end he wished to endeavour to create speakers by founding a debating class and to train young men in the art of speaking add likewise in the art of writing papers oil questions of the day. He would endeavour in future to make these meet- ings as pleasant, as bright, and as instructive as possible. The meeting was next addressed by Mr. J. C. Dalton, who dealt with the persecution of the early Uhristians under the Emperor Maximian. He described in vivid colours the scenes enacted in the Roman arena, and in explaining how the martyrs received the Holy Viaticum, on the night previous to their martyrdom, he gave a beautiful sketch of 11 the heroic death of the holy acolyte Tarcisius, the I here of the Blessed Sacrament, who was kicked and beaten to death by a Roman mob, because he refused to give up the Holy Eucharist to be profaned by the Pagans. Tarcisius had volunteered to convey the Holy Viaticum to the imprisoned Christians, a task which almost al- ways meant death to him who undertook it; and he gave up his young life,like the child Agnes,like the blind girl Csecillia,the valiant soldier Sabastian,and the holy Roman youth Pancras, for Christ in oppo- sition to Casiar ! In conclusion, Mr. Dalton exhorted his hearers to profit by the beautiful examples set them by their sisters and brothers in the faith, the holy martyrs and confessors. They were not asked to die for,their faith, but they could work and live for it, by bringing new members into the League of the Cross, and thereby making them practical Catholics. Several men took the abstinence pledge at the conclusion of the pleating.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

WESLEYAN CHAPEL.-.--051 Sunday last the annual har- vest thanksgiving services were held in the above chapel. There were two services, morning and evening. The chapelmaa very artistically decorated with flowers,fruit, and corn, contributed by the members of the congrega- tion. The Rev.J.Trigg,the new minister for the circuit, conducted both services, and there were large congrega- tions at each service. A good collection was realised. Mr. J. Wigfield:officiated at the organ, Suitable hymns were rendered by the choir.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
• ,

nza

~::.:L.:..:,...,r':,'::.,..=,,.:,!,..,:,:..,..,:.-:,.,'...,7,,y7e-:. ..:,;.7...t..,:',.'7,',,::;...,....1'(..;,-:,•;:•:.:.:j.-.:.

1 , 9 , ( 1 ~ , t 1 i . 1 I, 4 '1 1 1 i . I , I I I ' 1 $ .. 9 1 , , C I iC c 1 ;ICI '1 CC I'. 1 C , '1 .r I 1 ,

• r 1 •

===== 0002601_18950914_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED THEFT OF FOWLS AT SUTTON.

COMMITTAL OF THE PRISONER.

On Wednesday morning before Mr. E. unison, at Run- corn Police Court, Alexandra Jackson, of Volunteer-st., Newtown,Frodsham,was brought up on a charge of fowl stealing, on September Bth. at Sutton. the fowls being the property of Hannah Bate. Mr. Brassey, Chester, appeared for the prisoner. P.C. Price, of Frodsham,stated that about 1.15 on the morning a September 9th, he met the prisoner while on duty on the Chester Main-road, near Frodsham Bridge, eoming from the direction of Sutton. He had a fowl under his left arm. Witness stopped him and on search- ing him found he had two more fowls inside the breast of his shirt. He asked him where be got them frorn,and he replied " They are my motheis." Witness disbeliev- ing him said " You will have to come with me." He then took prisoner to Frodsham Pelle() Station, and de- tained him. Later on the accused said, "I might as well tell you the truth ; I got them from Mr. Lowe's, at Sutton Hall." The fowls on him were quire warm, and seemed to have been re- cently killed.—Edwin Bate, son of Mrs. Hannah Bate Sutton Weaver,said he lived with her and managed the farm. On Sunday night about ten o'clock he heard the hens matting a noise,and two of the workmen said there must be someone among them. He went to the door, but it being very dark, they could see no one. Next morning,fromiwnat his sister said he examined the fowls, and three were misting. In the afternoon Sergeant Ben- field called at the farm, and witness went to Frodsharn Police Station where he saw three dead fowls, which he identified as those belonging to his mother. He had seen them alive on the farm on Sunday. They were wor h about 84.—8 y Mr. Brassey : They bad more than 100 fowls on the farm. He knew the hens because of their size. They were taken from the garden and not from the hen house.

P.S. Benfield, stationed at Sutton, said that when prisoner was charged with stealing he replied " I am not guilty of stealing from Hannah Bates, but am guilty of stealing from William Lowe's. I will tell the truth if I am to be hung."—The magistrate intimated that the prisoner would be committed to the Sessions for

A second case, that of stealing three hens, belonging to William Lowe ot Sutton Hall, on September Bth, was introduced. Mr. Lowe stated that on Monday he missed abote five fowls of different sorts and colours. Sergeant Benfield saw him on Monday morning and on the fol- lowing day he proceeded to Frodsham Police Station, where he saw three fowls, but could not identify them. —lnspector Hicks said that was as far as he could go in the second case, and under the circumstances he would not proceed further with it. Mr. Brassey then applied for his client to be admitted to bail in a reasonable amount.—lnspector Hicks bad no objection if the bail was substantial, as prisoner had a record against him. Unfortunately for him be bad been tried at the Quarter Sessions and convicted for sheep stealing. Under the circumstances he might not take it kindly to go to the Quarter Sessions for fowl stealing, if there was a chance to slip away.—The Bench did not consider the case one in which they could grant bail.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST A FORMER RUNCORN TRADESXCAN.

SEQUEL TO BETTING TRANSACTIONS. On T,resday evening at Runcorn Police Court, before Mr. F. J. Norman and E. Imison,Jarnes Tinsley, formerly carryin . on business as a jeweller and watchmaker in Bridge..s. reef, Runcorn, was charged on remand that, whilst the bailee of a gold watch,the property of Edwin Gregory, arncer,Bridge-street, he fraudulently converted tn same to kis own use and stole the same on Octobi-r 12th.

Inspector Hicks explained that he proposed to take three charges, and he expected that if prima facie cases were made out, the bench would commit prisoner upon them. He asked for three7cases to be taken because one differed somewhat from the others. In two cases the pawn tickets as well as the watches left in the hands of Tinsley for reoairs after being pledged, were returned to the owners and consequently had been recovered.ln the third instance the owner had neither recovered his watch nor the pawn ticket—it was gone totally, and therefore no defence could be brought in that case that he pawned it with intent to redeem it. Ed win Gregory,grocer and provision dealer, 22 Bridge. street, stated that in October last year the prisoner was in business as a jeweller and watchmaker in Bridge- street. In September he gave the gold watch producest to Tinster, for a few necessary repairs. Ile repeatedly applied for the watch in the course of several weeks but failed to get it. Then he heard that prisoner had left the town and this was followed by a sale of the goods in the establishment. He received a letter about this time through post purporting to come from Tinsley, en- closing the pawnticket produced, which had reference to a gold lever watch, pledged with Frecerick James Walter, of London-road, Liverpool, in the name of John Farnworth-street. He placed the matter in the hands of Mr. Lakg, solicitor, with the result that, he again obtained possession of the watch. The prisoner bad no authority to pledge it. Frederick James Walter. pawnbroker, 194, London. road, Liverpool, stated that the watch in question was pledged with him on October 12th, 1894, by a man who gave his name as John Williams, of Farnworth-street, Liverpool. He believed the prisoner to be the same man, for on previous occasions he had pledged articles with him. The duplicate ticket produced bore the name of the pledger. In consequence of some legal correspon- dence he gave up the watch on April 6th last.—By the prisoner : He believed his brother had been to see him with reference to paying for the watch. P.C. Gregory deposed-to apprehending the prisoner a', 8 p.m., en September 6th, at 7, Nursery-st., Fairfield, Liverpool. He read over the warrant to him, charging him with the offence when he replied "That is true, I am sorry for it, it is all through company." On the way to Runcnrn, whilst in the train, they had some conver- sation together, and he told him it was all through bet- ting,. He had a telegram to go nap on a horse. He had only £3 in the shop,and toak a watch and pledged it for another £3, and went and backed the horse which lost. The man called for the watch in pledge and he told him it was not quite ready. He also said that if the bailiffs had not been put in the house he would have paid everything. Another charge was preferred against the prisoner, thst on October 19th, he converted a gold watch value £lB to his own use, the watch belonging to W. Moores, Carrier. William Moores identified the gold watch produced as his. In September he gave it to the prisoner for repairs, and it being there some weeks he applied for it several times. On one occasion Tinsley brought the watch to him, but said he would like to keep it for a few days to see how it went. He afterwards heard of prisoner leav- ing the t9wo and the subsequent sale of his goods. On November 26th he received the letter produced and the pawn ticket enclosed from prisoner. Witness handed the pawn ticket to his solicitor who recovered the watch. Prisoner hal no authority to pledge it. Robert Hearts., assistant to Mr. Handley Bradley, pawnbroker, 14 and 16, Brook-street, Chester, stated that the watch produced was pledged with him by the prisoner, on October 19th last, for £6 in the name of William Young, 112, Greenway-road, Runcorn. P.C. Gregory said he charged the prisoner with the offence that morning and he replied " Yes, that's it." During the conversation in the train when coming from Liverpool he said, if he had not been put in the County Court he could have got the watches out, paid for every- thiing, and continued his business having got together a n ce connection.—ln reply to prisoner witness said that he (prisoner) did say that he had come from America to to have the case settled as he could not rest. - _

~„ After a ronaul'ation between the Beech and Deputy Clerk to the Magistrates, and Inspector Hicks, the latter said he would for the present withdraw the third charge he had intended to prefer against accused.—The Chair- man then stated they had decided to commit prisoner for trial at t Le next Cheshire Quarter Sessions to be held on October 14th. They were sorry to see a respectable tradesman in such a position, but he would receive fair trial at the hands of his own countrymen. The brother of the accused applied for him to be liber- ated on bail, his father and father-in-law being ready to act as sureties. Inspector Hicks said that if the request was granted the sum should be of a substantial charac- ter. The bench decided to accept hail, prisoner in £lOO in each case, and two sureties of £5O in each case.

===== 0002601_18950914_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL NEWS.

-- In a recent issue we imparted to our readers the fact that we had heard good news about North Sheba. The shares were then about 53., and although the price has risen to about 75., they are still strongly recommended for a considerable improvement. The recent rich find on the Company's property is said to have assayed as high as 9rza. to the ton, and the matter was considered of such importance that the quartz was placed on view at the " Goldfields News" office at Barberton, and at- tracted many interested visitors.—" Mining Herald," September 7th, 1895.

Amongst best speculative investments in the South- African market at the present moment are the shares of the Randt Reefs Company. This Company owns 115 claims about four miles from Johannesburg and five valu able gold reefs run through the entire property. It is also more than probable that the main reef traverses the property at a workable depth. The manager reports most favourably upon the prospects saying that with the enormous quantity of ore on the claims, which can be easily and cheaply grassed, the company should be very quickly placed amongst the dividend payers. The Ishares now stand at about 16s. each. The possibilities are therefore great and it is not so long ago that East Rands were about the same price, whilst te day they are 81. Randt Reefs should be bought now for a similar advance.

laSr F. West Ridgeway, Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man, has been appointed Governor of Ceylon, as sue- cescor to Sir A. E. Havelock, appointed Governor of Madras.

~

• 17„.4%.• -"'T: ••' f• , *'• t • • . , 111A-....16111111111L' • ,

===== 0002601_18950914_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

. , --- HARVEST THANKSGIVING AT THE WESLNYAN Carina. The harvest thanksgiving services were held on Sandal, .. when the church was beautifully decorated with coat 11 veil! fruit, flowers, kc. In the morning the Rev. IC "ell'''e preached about the" Gift of Manna." The choir sang the anthem, "Sing to the Lord of harvest," Miss data ; Looker taking the treble solo. Mr. Sutton PresidelL t 020100..- 4 the organ. In the afternoon a service of song ,r Harvest-time," was rendered by the choir, Mr. F. PIO" 6 man, J P., being the reader. In the evening C. de Putron Gliddon (the neva pastor) PrettcbecirA "Nicodernus." ' T The choir again sang 4. ..4,,,g, tri of harvest," also " Mule the earth rernaineth? 7. '7 rions Wet; , congregations were very large, and the collre in advance of;last year. The services were continued (1)30 , Tuesday night, when the Rev. C. de P. Gliddon the Ref- , ifi of Ihe 4 preacher. After Tuesday night's service a sale - ' , fruit and vegetables was held in the schoolroom. 14

===== 0002601_18950914_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

ii WARRINGTON MARKKEACI. .11(• f. 4 t ••'' •id - FRUIT, WEGFTABLE, "OtTKTLVEVrgirtDYSN.."ODUATY. fr FISHMONGERS' TABLE. 0. a. e• 6 s. d. Sd 0 --2 o Beef, Eng.,lr it 0 sto 0 9 Melon' each. 8 •i; 1, 0-- 0 ~ Lamb per lb 0 B—o 10 °rangers. Vol, 0 : 1 0 0 Mutton ~0 6—C 10 Celery Veal,, 0 66720 9 Peare co.t.; ********************* Voc-; - : I1g: 801 Pork •, ~ Pork sides -0 9 0 rrots nerlb • ~ cured 0 51-0 6 Caul,oowere .1,0 6 0 Whole pigs„ so 8 0-8 4 Cucumber` 0 2 0 Geese lb P.)w,s 0, couple 4 0— 0 0 Tom.,toes 0 8 - Chickens Ducklings ~ 66 0 0 Span's', '-'" °'ol 0 0 . Rablits Hares, each -4 6 Aspars'f"' 1 6 Pigeons , PartldgeVrace 0 0-0 0 New Potawe'e 1 1" Grouse „ ..0 0 0 Pheasants 0 0— 0 0 Green Peas 0 3 Turkey lb oo—l 0 Green ,prout g Butter, fresh lb 1 2—i 3 B.ans,kidneY .0 0 Hen eggs 11 1 0— 0 0 Porn evanates- 0 0 0 0 Duck Apples lb Onions ~0 I—o 2 Cheese ........... 0 45 Grapes ~0 2 0 F ine ............0 0— Pine Apple each 26 3 0 Good .........'26.. 0 ° Greengages Wit 0 0-0 3 Me i urn • ... 4 2 Cherries „ ...... 00— 0 0 Lobster rlb" Q. 0 'Strawberries,, 0 0— 0 0 Turbot ........2 0 0 0 Damsons „ 00— 0 2 S dawn •••" 0 0 ori Plums „ Gooseberries „B o—o 0 Flukes ~ •-": 0 8 1 8 ' Raspberries .0 0— 0 0 Eels .. ••''' 0 0 0• 0 Black Currants 00 0 0 Soles „ ...... 0 0 0 0 Red Currants 00— 0 0 Sparlings ••••• 4 ... 0 0 . Marrows each 0 0— 0 6 Codfish .. ....... 0 0 0 0 Soakale tllO 0— 0 0 Macs ere 2, Rhubsri. bell 0 0— 0 0 Flarrf "

FoR F IRST-CLASS P

DENTISTRY. TEETH. TEETH. Appointments u.nrrnaenegeedesa.ry, but All consultations free. for TEETH. Bach patient Informed beffrehand work required _ te TEETH. Gold and other fillings at The" TEETH . charges. An M.D., also Lady Atterd'ilf°' TEETH. Painless Ext.rscHon na huherto bit° . of Nftroo Oxlde. T"TEL eat 0111001 Maker to Dentists of • weekly.

Exers. of the late

J. H. P ARK Tss°s

(DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOISIXY-ST° (NAT TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, C LIURC 0-ST S ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, 00 EARLESTOWN, on TV ESDAYS, Mll. 'To'. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, Bitrpoo-81.' NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, A1,14,10011°1

===== 0002601_18950914_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
..........................................................'''''''...°.'....'.

, MA RRIA O. LOFTHOIJSE—IIITISE.—Aufmet 31 at the Parish C,. „hurl:use. t'd' rington. by the Rev. F. W. Willie, WiWaal '— Emily Hulse. • DEATHS. Tomm —September Ist, at Bank et.. Warr'B'w- ' age' 58 years. MarytoeGninrelbffle. G years, Es Emma e pJ s w sged rthliss BROWN—September let, at Old-road, .•••"1-8111°rd' 3 ogej ' years, Timothy Brown. .t, at Appleton-st., War ~ „ingtori, 10. COOPER—September 2nd, at Rapier-St.. ‘' 8" oge3 years. Isabella Cooper. PHILLIPS—September 2nd, 9 months. John FrederickBo4 (Lucks —September sth, at Chorley Ilt.• " arrl— months, Andrew Oakes. at Horvley-lane. Ws".lBgt°ll' MEMORIAL CARDS ! Togrigps: A CO iii Just received a large Stock of MFMORIA.L CARDS. Call and inspect saulgrociosy _I. ' printed at shortest notice. Also Posters. ur. Handbille, Bill Heads, Are. Newest 17Po

Machinery, JOHN s• CirREENI TRH BOROUGH 34, BIZIDGII-STEEFT, WARRINGTL, ___.. -----:1 a - ..,,,, Yirel•tft/itleet, arrington.—Prlnted a blishea b Works, nd P at The EVSMiTICT GeneraluPrinting D.Zotoria-rt, anti Published also at The Eraminer °Mee', ~...freot• 0 High-street RUNCORN 32, 0 •=''r.c gpilie' He,enr ; cad 33. Ms.oreb•atreet.R kny,r.-crovrA• . 14. 1:195. I

===== 0002601_18950914_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
N 0 857 Se TFLOYRAS' PARISH, STOoIiToN HEATH. Ott Tim A BAZAAR W'LL BE HELD ---,,.319DAY and FRIDAY. OCTOBER 3nn and 4zm In the CHURC ROOM. ilks. J. CHA H RLTON PARR (Grap^enhall Heyes) Z7III open the Bazaar on the first day and ROSFIRLD (Walton Lea) on the second day. Full particulare shortly.

END NT NI ETHOD I STS.—BRICS. - ST MISSION, WARRINGTON. PRICLIKINd.RY NOTICE. A BAZAR et„„Pe held In the WIk4LISYAN SCHOOLS, BOLD- On WEDNII DAY, THURSDAY. and 'FRI- DAY, OCTOBRIL 23rd 24th, fl 25th. PROCHSDS IN Al' OF BIALDING FUND. B. WARBURTON, 35. Itobon-st. J. SHAW, 81. Lyt hgoes-laue. (3113,,eral Sec. to 'Bazaar.

SCHOOL BOARD. GREEN WAY- !O AD SCHuOL. THE EVENING k./ON TIN UATION SCHOOL Will re-open on MoNnky, SEPT/3 ERR 23RD, 1895, at 7 p.m. YOUNG MEN'S CLASSES. 8,,, READ TEICRISR, MR. J. F. MOULTON. Instill 'Von :—Reading. Writing, and Compost- 11Z Arithmetic, Algebra, and Mensuration, English Geography. English Hist orv, Elementary Physi- for th.oee, Vocal Music. 14. e 3d. p r week or 3s. in advance ki011j) 'es'ion of 24 weeks. The ela,ses osill meet on AY, TIJISSDAY, and THURSDAY we,-kly, at? p.m. GIRLS' EPARTMENT (In the Upper School). DRAB TvActitn. MISS KILBURN. tioq. of Instruction :—Reading, Writing, and Compost- Practie`'oulestio Ea mony. Arithmetic. Bills of Parcels, IN* 0110115eho10 Accounts, and Cutting Ont. Fee 2d. g .trner olt Tiz/Rn in advance for the Session of 24 ee 8, m At th'"AY and THURSDAY weekly at 6.45 p.m. Dote, 6rst meelin4, I .NPAY, SIIPTMMBBR 23RD, 844111 be distributed to the successful Students of last °Des4t„',. Lutending pupils-are requested t..• be present 0 the illble,i6 might as no classes will be formed only in those —/thich are desired by a sufficient number of pupils. G. MOSS, Clerk to the Board.

'ILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from 7 35. lid., any size. ALPAUA. from 25. 6d. 'GLORIA from 35. Repairs.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69, Bridge Street, Warrington.

RUPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure Of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 tiil 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 ,t 9, Grosvenor-street, Lon- 'on-rned, Manchester.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED. NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM Is., is. 2d., is. 4d., Is. 6d., Is. 81, AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL SHOW OF AUTUMN & WINTER FASHIONS IN MANTLES AND FURS, ON WEDNESDAY NEXT. E. T. EVANS, 17, SANKEtY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

BOROUGH. OF WARRINGTON CHIEF CONSTABLE. The Watch Committee invite applications for the appoint- ment of 0 H EF CONSTABLE of th, Borough. The person appcinted will be required to devote the whole of his time to the duties of the office. Ile will also be required to act as Billet Master, Inspector of Hackney Carriages, and Inspector under the Fxplosives Acts, and to carry out all the duties incidental to the office of 'Chief Constable. Salary £3OO per al mem. The maximum scale of pension has been adopted by the Police uthority. Applicati ns, stating age, previous experience, and qualifica- tions. with copies of not more than three testimonials of recent date, to be sent to stie on or before the 23rd day of September, 1895. Canvassing any member of the Watch Committee or the Council will disqualify candidates. Candidates must not be more than 45 years (1 age. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 7th September, 1895.

ARMY CONTRACTS.—TENDERS for the supply ef FORAM?, and PAILLASSH STI?AW, for the period of six months, from Ist November, 1895, at the various stations in the NoRTH WESTIIRN DISTRICT, will be received at the undermentioned office, until 12 o'o oak noon, on Wednesday, the 2nd October, 1895. Forms of Tender, with list of Stations, can be obtained on application to the Assistant Adjutant General. Head Quarter Office, Chester. 10th September, 1895.

- St INSURANCE OFFICE, FOUNDED 1710. Sim INSURED IN 1834.-2393,622,400. Persil partieulars apply t. the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr, J. R.Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55. Horsemarket-street. Masers. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers

THE QUEEN'S HOTEL. (Late Nag's head), WARRINGTON. RESTAURANT, LUNCHEONS, TEA AND COFFCE ROOMS, BILLIARDS. CHOPS AND STEAKS AT ANY HOUR. DRINKS UNSURPASSED. SCHWEXP'S, BASS', GUINNEX, AND T. JAMESON'S. FIRST-CLASS BEDROOMS, BATHS, AND STABLING. CYCLIST AND PIC-NIC PARTIES PROVIDED FOR, Se STIRRUP, PIWPRIBTOR.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees. SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK" BRIDGE-zTREET, W RRINGTON FOR SA M PLE OF WORK.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. I3LIN 'TON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 34. £5,,, 20s. „ „ £3 Bs. Od. £100„, 40s. ~ £6 15s. Id. ALEX. ZIORDON, Manager.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 241. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. Bd. 391 AND 415 DALE STREET, STREET, AND 121 LORD 8, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FIIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sbeffiel4 and Electro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &a. Letters attended to. C. EL HAYHURST late I.HArris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street, Liverpool

SCHIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTHORISED AGENTS TO IEIC WALTHAM WA CH COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal' fame for these Watclied as THE BES TFMEICEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. -- Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto Gold, from 3 15 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE dhWELLERY OF EVltia DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REVD, JEWELLER AND PAWNBROKER, 10. MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphl Hotel.)

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of (1. A. Ch ,not). Strings. Bows, Cases, Az., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRINCHNS AT 37, RENSHAW-STREaa, LIVERPOOL.

9, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. THE FIRM OF WILLIAM GILL •has pleasure in announcing that their arrangemonts for KEEPING MEAT COOL DURINa THE -SUMMIIR, BY MEANS OF A COLD AIR REFRIGERATOR, are [now completed, thereby enabling them to guarantee TENDER MEAT DURING THE HOTTEST WEATHER.

FIRE! FIRE!! FIRE!!! W. P. St W. SKELION LTD. WARRINGTON. During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS, BUSINESS in all branches will be carried on Lae thmal in the OLD MARKET HALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in HOUSEMARKICT- STR, ET, adjoining the lite premises. where all orders and inquiries will be promptly attended to.

132, BRIDWGE-ST URLETIIES,WTARFA' R INGTO'N, TOBACCONIST AND BRUSH MANUFACTURER AND DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FANCY GOODS.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES. 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVBRYTHING

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE SHALLWARE. HARDWARE, AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 64, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. WRINGING MACHINES A SPECIALITY.

I_,TUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be bad in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM near WATKIN-STREET, WABRINciToN.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED. INCE HALL COLLIERIES, WEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Note, Bnrgy, and Engine kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Statio H orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98 8.8.-0 den e received also at 19a, Sankey-et.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manchster MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Millie! 11 Teeth making.l In Price, Qvality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greabost evident', of ability and worth. MACDON A LDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by Intorming them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH! TEETH! NORTH WWII BRANCH. 46, 111011-STREET Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACT D FREE every FRI DAY,II a.m.to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Lett re patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH are the best and cheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' IEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MAODONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Ettiniess System. MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted In a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids tollealth and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. 2,IAUDONALLIS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Aecrington. 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD.. Northwich. 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD., Horwtch, 6, Lee-lane. Thursday. Please Note the Address : NORTHWICII BRANCH, 46, BIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE ever.) FRI DAY.II a.m.to 6 m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADIIIY. (opposite Infirmary Clock). Manchester.

UNDER THE CIACK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

H. EZARD, BUILDER AND CONITRACTOR, FEARNHEAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every desert! tion (Town and Denntry). Houses built to tenants' own plans. Jobbing pa etuelly attended to. Rent and Fire and Lite Alumnae Agent.

J. Mos s, FAMILY BUTCHER, 69, LEONARD-STREET, AND SI, ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEIM MUTTON. VEAL AND PORE AT BIODEEA.TM PRICES. All orders promply attended to and delivered when required.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. Special Arrangementa..te.. for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application AGENT for the Imperial Live '4t..)ck, Accident, and Northern Flatettlase insumnce Co.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. The best mad cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by IL Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d., an i Is. 6d. each. Wholesale by d. GEDDES anis SON, WARRINGTON

ISLE OF MAN ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STRAMERS.--(Sundays expected.) LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. DOUGLAS TO LIVERPOOL.' Daily 10.30 SM. and 2pm I Daily 9am and 3.30 pm Saturdays ONE DAY EXCURSIoNS, LvERV WEltk DAV. From Liverpool 10.30 am I From Douglas 3.30 pm Due Douglas ab0ut...2.15 pm Due Llverp,ol about 7.15 pm Day Fares : Fore Cabin, 4s. Sd.; 84loon. 75. FLEETWOoD TO DOUGLAS. DOUG LAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily 215 pm Daily 8.30 am Douglas due 6.30 m I Fleetwood due 11.30 am LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY, Daily, Saturdays and Mondays direct. 12 30 noon ; Tuesdays. Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fri6ays, via Douglas. 2 p.m. Weekends at Ramsey, Special Steamer. Mon.'ays. lam., Ramsey to My. rpool. FLEETWOOD TO MAmSET, eta Doug.ss, every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at 2.15 p.m. DOUGLAS TO DUBLIN, Tuesdays. and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO GLASGOW, Mondays Tuesdays and Fridays. DOUGLAS TO BELFAST. via Feel, daily to 9th. Cheap fares and short sea passage Hall Caine's "Little Mau Island" .a'SO Book of Tours and Sailins trom Douglas to Dublin. ittelfast, and Glasgow, for- warded on receipt of stamp,, value 2d.. by Messrs. Cook 8c Son and Swan Js Leach Limited. tlanohester ; or the ISLE OF MAN STRANI PACKET CO., LTD., DOUGLAS.

THROUGH TIER LAKE DISTRICT TOjTHE ISLE OF MAN. THE BRST ROITTR TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Psssage. Express Service Daily (Sundays expecten) , BARROW to POUGLAS---at 2.0 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 9.0 a.m. Train in 'sonneetion with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at ,55 a.m. Snead . Chop Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and 55100n....--2Js.6d. Trains mu Third-class and Salom . ...15e. Oil.} alongside Third-class end Fore Cabin 11s. Od. steamers, SPECIAL NOTICE.—DIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via ,Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or thce versa, can now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon .........._ 19s. Od. , Third-class and Saloon . ' 13a. 6d. , Third-class and Fore Cabin Passengers must state at the time of Booking which route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward jour- ney Yleeengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, 'Jiver:stone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. JAMBS LITTLE ic Co., Barrow

REDUCED FREIGHT RATES MAYBE OBTAINED ON APPLICATION, GLASGOW. c.IPECIAL REDUCED FAR ES between LIVER- -13 POOL GREENOCK and GLASGOW. Cabin (single) 65. ; Cabin (return) valid for two months, 10s. ; Steerage (single) 3s. ; Servants in Cabin full fare. Children above three years and under twelve half fare. Goods booked through at cheap rates to or from Runcorn, Birmingham, Wolverhampton. and all parts of Staffordshire, in connection with Manchester Ship Canal Co end Shropshire Union Canal Co. LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. CALLING AT GREENOCK -- The first-elan full-powered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR Are intended to sail from CLARE NCB DOCK (south-west , side), Liverpool, as under. carrying Goods and Passengers in terms stated in SaLing Bills, to be had from the Agents From Clarence Dock SEPTEMBER . (S.W. Side) at OWL iTuesday 17th 9 p.m. BEAR Thursday 19th lO p.m. OWL Saturday 21st " 10p m. C MACIVNIt & CO. 64. and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-st., Liverpool ; end 9, Albert-square, Manchester. Aoarere, T. BRUCE MURRAY & Co.. 24 George Square. Glasgow ;J.& J. DENHOLM. Greenock

UNSWORTH BROTHERS, FOOTBALL OUTFITTERS. FOOTBALLS - RUGBY AND ASSOCIATION - FR OH THE BEST MAKERS. FOOTBALL JERSEYS. FOOTBALL SHIRTS, PANTS, STOCKINGS, BAGS, AND SHIN-GUARDS. SPECIAL QUOTATIONS FOR CLUB OUTFITS. ORDER EARLY TO PREVENT DISAPPOINTMENT. UNSWORTH BROTHERS, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

JOHN TOFT AND SON, HIGH-CLASS REFRESHMENT CATERERS FOR 'WEDDING BREAKFASTS, LUNCHEON, DINNER, AND SUPPER PARTIES. With or Without Deooratione. ESTIMATES ON APPLIJATION AT THE RESTAURANT. 102, BRIDGE -STREET, WARRINGTON.

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. THE TURF REGISTER. Published twice daily. Will be forwarded post free on receipt of address. SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

HTTARDAWAY AND TOPPI:A G, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. Penni srpublished twice daily duri a-, the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post, card containing address.— CRSARBWITCH, CAMBRIDGESHIRE LIVERPOOL AUTUMN CUP, &a., THE OLDEST RSTABLISHED FIRM IN ITHE WORLD.

GREY HAIRS ARE lIONOURABLE TAILS OF PURE HAIR, 108. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS Ipr oz. i IMMOVABLE 1 from MAI) kl UP, J- 2s. SCALPETTES, J Els. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEECH- TRE HT, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

THOMAS J. RIGBY, JOINER AND BUILDER, ROSE ANL) CROWN-STREET. WARRINGTON. Begs to inform his friends and the public gen,lrally that he hts taken over the Busineas lately married on by him- self and Peter Rigby at the above address and hopes by strict altentior. to merit a continuance of their support. ESTIMATES FREE. PROPERTY REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. RRSIDENCE :-10. MERSEY MOUNT.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENktHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR TRH BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACRERS, WI-UTLEY A CO., LD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. 1 COIL SIDINGS : SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 19 Arpley. Arpley, Batik Quay Tel. Address, Malson-atreet, Runcorn. Garcon, Arpley, Warrington Mold Jn.

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latett Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. Co JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., LIMITED.

_ -- SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON will SAIL (weather permitting) Every SATURDAY, at 2 ID m., for LLANDUDNO and Back, leaving there at 5-45 p.m., and arriving at Liverpool about-g 15. Also EVERY SUNDAY, leaving at 10-45 a.m., for LLAN- DUDNO and MBNAI nitIDGIB, arriving Back about 7-30 p.m. For particulars apply to W.H. DODD, 31, Tower-buildings, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: . t'=•••••' •,N, JOHN WALKER AND CO., 1,1i.P!.a. `• - EXAMINER ' OFFICE, _,. _ WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR ( lUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- kj DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

AMERIAIN CAN LE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK. direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA, every WED-

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON,it PHILADELPHIA, SAN PRAIrCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take ticket. at the LOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO. AGENT

WHY DO MEN SUFFER from Weakness, Despondency, Nervousness, Nervous Debility, Loss of strength, Youthful Imprudence, Lost Manhood, ac., when they can write to a friend (who has given the matter a life- long study) and be cured? Simple self-treatment.—Enclose stamped envelope to W. H. Baowrt, Esq., 14 Chesham Road, Brighton, who will seed sufferers prescription free. (Name this papa r.

IFOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY:. TEETH. Appointments unannecesseadr!, but may be TEETH. All consultations free. r rEETH. Each patient for work reqdbgorehand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D. also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extractligoir:reosushi(t),lzeto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Exors, of the late J. H. PARKINSON (Dittcrurriny Exam.) MANCHESTER, 46, DiOSLEY-STREET (NAT. Tn.. No. 1660).1 LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-BTREET, EARLESTOWN, on TITESHA YS, at 3dre. MBES. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, B/11.1508-BT. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARIIBT-ST

R. ISHERWOOD, OUSB AND COMMISSION AGENT, 57, TANNERS'-LANB, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. Best Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTOR'S, LONGFORD-STREET. WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORE ESTIMATED FOR.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOUN DIGNUM, AGENT.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal Is open to advance Loans daily from £.2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand Distance no object. —Apply personally or by letter to MANAGAR, 22, Cross Lone, Harlestown (private house). Hours 9a m. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy gtiaraii- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

11 H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy- at., Manchester.

Air ONEY LENT on note of hand alone. without sureties, publicity, or security, fnun £2O to £5,000, to ladies or gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (distance no object) upon much easier terms and lower ii.t-Test than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges hatever ; strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua anteecl. Bills doicounted. Res- pectable borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extortionate , loan office money lender,' or so called Banks heavy interest land fees, are cordially invited to come to me. and I will ac- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere, before app'ying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPENCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Licher- land Alley, South Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1851.

£3 TO £500• ON YOUR OWN sECURI fir. No BONDS REQUIRED, AND STRICTLY PRIVATE. To respectable Householders, Farmers, Tradesmen and others, Male or Female. Rep iyments Navy. Also LOANS granted. on Life Assurac,es Policies, Re- versions, and Freehold hnd Leasehotd Property, at Five per cent. interest. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent, 119, MERSEY-STRBET, WARRINGTON.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. )IE. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCRS FRIVATBLY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable !leaseholders, on their own security. eiONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. ILL °NU' TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcadse to pay back.—Apply t t VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane. any Evening from 6 t 7. Applications from RUNCORN ana District generally receive precisely the same attention.

UNION LOAN AND DISCOUNT COMPANY, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO. READ OFFICE-38, RENSHLW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Loans from £.5 to £5 000 upon persoual security, deeds, life policies, reversions, annuities, dock bonds, shares, /cc., repay- able by instalments, or as may be arranged. £lO Repayable ss. per week l4s. 9d. £2O „ Bs. „ £5O .. 2os. „ RICO ., 40s. .. £5OO „ £lO „ £lOOO ll £2O , First-class security at reduced interest. Telephone 5438. Stocks and Shares bought and sold, and advances made thereon. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager.

II

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. %owing the the time to which a :Letter can e posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. OrrtcE High-st., Newton 47114.a8TER. ..• ••• Mr. James Jordan 4.tteti" of I Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Tuce. Sundays 7th 10 am. Box closes at 540 pan ele graph Office Is open on Week-,' iv from 7-30 a.m. to P.M., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. rOST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15. Pan., and 8 p.m. DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30. and 3-30 p.m

Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwiek. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ornaskirk, Precut, Preston, Rochda.le, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, is, orth Wales, Stafford, Stock nor*, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Waleg,Preston,St.lfelens, Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Bari estown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mall. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

Fottiq, 3ivbrool 13owbing Cotabs, HOYLAKE Private Boarding Ifewe ; sea air, golf; late dinner ; rnhclerate terms; week ends ; half-hour from Liverpool ;ine.,r links and static) ‘.-14, DRUMMoND-ROAD.

U LANDUD NO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST 14 PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 158.—E. BAR, Proprietor.

QOUTHDORT. SIINNYRIDE HYDRO-Phys., Dr. BARNARDO, Summer and Winter Res denee, one of the handsomest buildings, en trally situated, replete wttn every comfort fine sea view, near park, pier, trams, and vif links. Turki6h. Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. summer 9 erms from 7s. per day. J. Boocomt, Proprietor.

(WARMING SUMMER RESORT. HESWALL, CHE- -1._,/ SHIRE (near West Kirby). Glorious rambles amongst the heather, 360 feet above sea, lovely district, ea and moun- tain views, good shore, most delicious and br,cing air. Write for prospectui, "Glendower" HOARDING HOUSE, Heswall. Terms very moderate, week ends 9s. Tennis, bowls. Liberal table. Visitors received May to September.

LANDUDNO.—WEST END BOARDING ESTABLISH- MBNT ; recently enlarged; highly recommended tor cleanliness, go d management, moderate charkes, home com- forts; eharmin. situation; view of bass, close to beach, pavilion, pier, golf links; liberal table; fine dining, drawing, ladies', and smoke rooms; no extras.—T. JEPHCOTT. pro- prietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

T\OUGLAS.—MRS. ELLIS, 9, Mona Drive, close to Sea. Trams pass.—Terms : Full hoard, ss. per day; Tea, Bed and Breakfast, 3s. 6d. ; Beds 2s. per night.

PENMAHN MAW 11 Desirable well-furnished HOUSB, two sitting, six bed rooms, bath, garden ; from Ist October, rent moderate.—W. E. BROWN. 3, Newgate-street, Chester.

BLACKPOOL—Visitors will find comfortable APART- M ENT% with or without board at Mrs. t OWEN'S, 14, Crystal-road, South Shore, Public and private apartments. Close to sea. Piano.

DOUGLAS.—SEA VIEW BOARDING HOUSE, 7, Wood; vine Terrace. Victoria-road. Broadway, centrally situ- ated, commanding full view of bay and headlands; terms, ladies, 4s. ; gents, ss. per day, inc'usive.—Mß. WRIGLEY.

DOUGLAS. MRS. CHALMERS and Mrs. LiNvARD, York HOUSE. Castle Drive, facing Castle Mona Hotel. Splennid Sea View. Trams pass the door every few minutes. Private sitting-room. Terms moderate. Home Comforts.

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary rook free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, troken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rube off. Prices, oz. is. ; 20 oz . 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases If Horses, Dogs, Scc. from CONDIre FLUID WoRKB, 61. Turnmill-street. London.E C.

Publtrationo. 44HOW TO ENSURE REALTIT."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility : post free, two stunps.—Address Dr. BAairns, 48, Lonsdaie Square, Barnsbury, London. N.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares le fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address GEORGIC EVANS and Co„ Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st.. London, B.C.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but on:y ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasting weakness, to., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEalt, 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.O

rittpatO, fiasiStnrueo, earnages, °OPER. AND SI MIA ONS COACH BUILDERS, - 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock 0 select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best +fork only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Victories, Wagonettes. and Phietons. now for Sale or Hire.

eIYCLES good, light and strong, the famous number Synyer and Co. Light roadster, fitt ed with Gregson Detachable and Nonslipp ng Pneumatic tyre. which is he best and strongest Pneumatic tyre in the market, fitted with Dunlop rims, weight of machines all on 241bs, price £ll ; with Dunlop tyres, £l2. Good Machines, tangent spokes. and all latest improvements. weight 281b5., price £7 ; Old Cushion converted to Pneumatic n £2 ss. per machine at JAMES GREGSON. Newtown Mill, near Ashbury Station, West Gorton. Manchester. P.,. —Cushions, Solids, and Perambulator tyres always on Stock.

CYCLES! CYCLES!! GREAT CLEARANCE. A small line of leading Coventry makes, titled with all the latest patterns. PNEUMATIC TIRES at Buyers' own prices. No reasonable offer refused. Call and see these or you will regret it for the rest of your days. SLADE, THE PIONEER, 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.'

W. P. & V. SKELTON, LTD. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. CYCLES. CYCLES. CYCLES. If you want a real good serviceable mount, buy none but Singer and Co's.. Ltd., for whom we are :Sole Agents for War- rington and District, they are light and up-to-date in every detail. Prices from £l3 cash. Also Agents for " West's" ROYAL PROGRESS. SEE their Semi-Racer Machine, 231bs. weight. price £ll 10s. each, equal to Machines shown in town at 12 guineas; other pneumatic Safeties from £7 lf s. All machines guaranteed. Easy payments taken. Cycle LAMPS from is. 4d. each. BELLS from 6d. each. .. MUD GUARDS from Is. 2d. each. SADDLES from 4s. 3d. each. .. REPAIRING OUTFITS from tllci eacis. REPAIRS to Cycles on the premises by competeAt workmen. T • P. & W. SKELTON, LTD., HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GEORWE JACKSON, PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH , 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS. FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- 91RUMENTS oi every Deacription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES or INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. ADY'S Gold Keyless Geneva Payments taken. IA WATCH, enamelled and tinted dial, nearly new, jewelled in two pair extra, coat when new 4 guineas. My price only VBMlAndssoumn Handsome Pairunder r al a do: s Chinas t a - Payments taken. ing 16 inc'ies high, very quaint de- S. 11 sign, hand-painted. Price to cle ir D.

LADY'S Diamond and Ruby Payments taken. Dri ss RING. Government Hall marked, 9,A. shank, cost new 423.. our price 14s. 6d. ; al o another very pretty Pearl RING, Government Hall marked, 15ct. shank and five very pretty Oriental Pearls of first- 21 class quality. Cheapest in Town for S. DAIR of Grand SRASCPES, in Payments taken. naassivo linghsh gilt frames, well wort', 355.. suitable for cottage or mansion, onlyjust out. Will take for Pair 12s. D. DAIR of Antique Bronze JUGS, Payments taken. grand opportunity ss they are well worth twice the money we are now a king, Greatly reduoed New S. 6 only price s. D. _

_ 'QM ALL Walnut Drawing-room Payments taken. k 7 TABLE, very pettily inlaid with various woods ; must be sold, price onty Bs. 11d. • also Bamboo Music ABINRT, slightly soiled. To .Bs. 11D JI . clear ANDSOMB Walnut OVER- Payments taken. MAN EL, 51 by 501n.,canopy top, b ackets for ornament., brie- brae. de., best British silvered plate glass with bevelled edges ; cheapest Overmantel in town, suitable for anyone desiroas of a thoroughly good article. Price only 22 S. 6D.

FBE% CH Polishing, Enamelling, Staining.—New Book ; 1,000 pr,ctical trade recipes and instructions, be Intl- fully illustrated, free 2s.—J. To SILIN, Qucen's-road,Barnsley, Yorkshire.

CAORNS ! COtiNS ! CORNS! ! I—A guarantee cure for kJ Corns, has cured advertiser. The recipe le. 6d. postal order and stamped directed envelope.—L. HALL, Balderton, Newark, Notts.

ROCEIZY BUSINESS for Disposal at Diggle, lock-up kJr corrugated iron shop, 40 feet by 18 feet, to Sell with renewabh, lease, at low rent.—Apply to F. JotosoN,Marsden, near Huddersfield.

UNIRTHENWARE and CHlNA.—Seconds. £2 crates; LI beet, £3 ; or will tend 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WEBB AND Co., Railway Passage, Longton. Siafford,hire.

(AN SALE 2 000 tons wrought, steel and cast, scrap, turn- -I.J ings, boili.r plates, marine cranks, cold blast castings, steam boilers, tanks, engines, pulleys, etc. Catalogues.— Apply D. MOULT, Worksop, Notts.

MANUFACTURER'S REMNANTS in Calicoes, Prints Stuffs, Velvets, Cashmeres, Shirtings, &c., 10Ib bundles, heap. Price lists free.—W. CLARKSON, Font Al er chant, Swaine-st , Bradford, Yorkshire,

DAINT MIXING.— New Books; 1,000 practical trade recipes and instructions for mixing and using paiut, oils, colours. Illustrated with colours and tools. Free, Is J. TomuN, Queen's-road, Barnsley, Yorkshire.

(.3rOLF CLUB:S. Golf Balls. A. pronounced success. Be 4 materisls, workmanship, and .nsie.t, terms. Sales in- cre,sed four-fold iu six months. Balls 7s. per rioz. free.— WAGGOTT, Mosselburgh.

TO BE SOLD CHEAP—Excellent milk round, present 1. owner had it 13 years, reason for selling, retiring from business, for particulars.---Apply WALTON AUCTIONEER, Market-street, Earlestown. rro Bif SOLD by PRIVATE TREATY, large Grocer's Snop an,l Bak,house attached, alFo three adjoining houses, situated at the top ot Market-street, Earlestown.— Apply, EOBEET WHITFIELD, EarlesloWn.

GREENHOUSE FOR SALB.—Within one minutes' walk from Woodvil e Station. Cheshire Lines, 80 by 15ft.. most modern construction with Patent Bat r and Pies, also quantity of spare Pipes and Glass —WILLIam Kiox,Ainsdale, near Southport.

youN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER. has 0111 SALB Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B, Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

BERB 8E14.11 and MINERAL WATER SHOP in busy street Liverpool, clear profits about £4OO yearly, every investigation, rare investment for few hundred pounds, immediate possession and business taught.—AuLo awn Co., 70, Vietorta,treet, Liverpool.

BARCIAINS.—Right 11013-ES, Walton-road (off) first- class tenants for years ; Derby's lease about 50 years unexpired ; rentals £135 4s. ; price £l,lOO. of which £1 000 could remain. Apply M C. HARLEY, Walmer-villa, Raw- son-rd.. Seaforth.Liyerpool.

F TIOUSE. Stanley-road (off) ; rbv's lease; 54 _l2 years unexpired ; never empty ; rentals 267 12s. price £550 ; £5OO could remain.—Apply BARLEY, Seatorth, Liver- pool.

BHOUSES (one Shop), Park-road (off); freehold ; ground rent, £22 ; rentals £llO ; price £550; If desired £450 you'd remain, reiayable easy instalments.— HARLEY, Walmer-villa, Sesforth, Liverpool,

(INEI HOUSS and one House and Shop, situated St. kfi James's-mount ; first-class tenants ; Corporation lease- hold. Rent, Is (mt) £56 yearly, price £450. —Apply Hilt- LEY Wahne -villa, Rawson-rd., Seaforth, Liverpool. QRAFORTIL—Bight well-built HO OEMS, six apartments, wast houses, gardens, and large yards; healthy and respectable neighbourhood ; near Overhead and Lancashire end Yorkshire Hallways. Rentals £145 25., freehold, price £1,250.--Apply HARL CT, Walmer-villa, Seaforth, Liverpool.

OHOICE Investment. —Two substantially-built 6etnl-ile- tached VILLAS, select nelghb.,urhood. near Overhead and L. and Y.R. ; eontaiming dining, drawmg, five bed rooms, bath, we., butlerli pantry, cellars, and splendid large gardins. Freehold, net ter. tals £52, price £750, or separate £4OO each.—Apply lIABLEs, Seaforth, Liver- -1.001.

BOOTLE.—Bargain. Four Freehold HOUSES in first-class repair, rental £.52, nev...r empty. near Overhead Rail- way, price £s2s.—Apply HARLLY, Walmer-villa, Seaforth, Liverpool.

QPLENDID INVESTMENT. Four first-class Semi-de- tached VILLAS, situated Walton Park, W.,lton ; three minutes from two railways, trams pass end of road, let to first-class yearly tenants, freehold, 2,200 yards land net ren- tals £ll2, price £1,500, or sell separately £4OO ea...h.—Apply HARLEY, Seaforth, Liverpool.

A WAEDEDFIRETPRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide ,rl. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 13/38,—T0 PICTURK PLUMB MARBRS AND DECORATORS.—Chespest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always in stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs, Pec. Further reduct .0n in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to co .:utry and shipping orders. Full Particulars in New Pattern JOK just published (94 pages) con.aining ell the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. —1- MORELL, .7 and 18, Great St, Andrew -St „ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address " Itabbitrv." London. Stock Lists snd prices 01 glass monthly.free.

MADAME FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEM ALE MIXTURE. The most powerful and effective on earth. For the roost obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price 7s. 6d. (trongest Ils bottle) Post free 6d. extra. lIPRBAL INSTITUT% Li. HACKNEY-ROAD, (facic g Shoreditch Church), LONDON, N.B. Send at mice stampe 1 directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forteir £lO3 for every testimonial that is not genuine, and they can be seen at any time.

OLIVB it. BROWN, HOWII., AND CO., CHESTERFIELD Eilineers. Machinery Brohers, Colliery Plant and Stone Working Machinery a speciality. Engines, Boilers , Tanks. Stone Breakers, Mortar Mills, Steam Hammers alway In stock. All enquiries carefully attended to. QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Grier-on, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- I ERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue ot wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Yelephone 229.

DA TENT OFFICTe MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. P Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment. and possess practicad knowledgeof the-cotton, woollen, and iron man ufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUM. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT AMESTOS FACED VALVES. BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA' KINGS, MEETINGS, JOINTING% MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABESTOLINE, Can only be obtained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the 'Northern Counties: F. R. P U T Z. 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CURPHEY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses: " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos," Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, Itc. Guaranteed quality. Laze, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ()NLT. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 12, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester, London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particular, on application.

THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR HOLIDAY SUITS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR WORKING SUITS. THE TALK OF TUB TOWN, MANC.t ESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SUITS FOR BEST WEAR. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR BLACK SUITS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SUITS READY MADE. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SUITS TO MEASURE. ILIE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR YOUTHS' SUITS ANY SHAPE. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR BOYS' SUITS ANY SHAPE. THE TALK OF Tii E TOWN, IVIANcHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, FOR THE LARGEST STOCK THE TALK OF THE TOWN, IVIANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR THE GREATEST VARIETY. THE TALK. OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR SAILOR SUITS FROM 2/1.1. THE TALK OF THE TOWN. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR MEN'S OVERCOATS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN, MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR YOUTHS: OVERCOATS. THE TALK OF THE TOWN. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT FOR BOYS' OVERCOATS. ALL THE LATEST STYLES. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. EPPS'S

Telephone t No. bb. ROBERT Lowx, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT; AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, WarringtoN AuhThost Roman—No.l Rank Street AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Esfatalf 1710 Norwich and Lt.ndon (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity (Itine- rate° and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boi eel nsurance Company, Limited. Established 1861

OIL PAINTINGS.—MONDAY NEXT and four following days, at the MART. 37. CORPORATION-ST., MANCHKS- TB% at 11 ea h day. 7tl R. W MLitt NI ELLIS WILL SELL BY AUCTION about 30 OIL PAINTINGS without reserve. View mornings of Sale. Catalogues on application.

THOMAS CO W DELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER.. OFFICES AND t SCOTLAND-ROM) Ch ASTERS. SALEROOM : J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

pENKETH, COTTAGES, 28, Bd. per week. UNION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. MARKET GATE.-3-Storey WAREHOUSE ; £l5. Suit Plumber or Painter, &c.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate. 29 EUTTERMARKET-STREET.—Large SHOP and g Yard; £55 —Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Warrington. 8 Q HOYLNoiTREET.—Good 6-Room HOUSE. newly ‘...), decorated, 48. per week.—Apply Mr, ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate, Warrington. LIVER-STRICIT.—Large HOUSE, suitable for lodging- kJ house; 68. per week.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate. 15 PAUL-STREET.—Good HOUSE, 4 bedrooms, side I entrance, &c.; £2o.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate. Apply, ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

AHOUSE TO BE LET, Leigh Villas, Knutsford-road, Grap„wnnall, four bedrooms, rent £l7.—Apply JAMES B. ALDRED, Leigh Villas, Grappenhall. HOUSE TO LET, 126, Wilderspool-road, Warrington, 4 be 'rooms, drawing-room, dining-room, kitchen, eeullery, &v., rent £l6. Immediate possession.—Apply at 212, Wilderepool-road.

QTOCKTON HRATlL—Hauses composed of four bedrooms, 0 two sitting rooms, bath-room, w.c., kitchen, o.llar+, etc. Rent £l9 10s Also good bays at ss. per week.—Bosrocx Wilderspool, Warrington.

T° BE LET, Hanson Farm, situate near Delph, Saddle worth, and withia 4i miles of Oldham, contain ng in the whole 29 acres or thereabouts, good meadow and pasture land; tarm and house buildings In good condition.—Apply R. BYROM, wlackcote Mills. Delph, near Oldham.

rill) BE LET, Houses in CATHERINE TERRACE, RN UTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON. Bay win- dows, front gardens, parlonr, kitchen, scullery and 3 bed- rooms. Rent 6s 3d.—Apply Mrs. STIRRUP 16A, Winwick- st., Warrington.

1101260 newly beautified to be LET, Primrose Hill, Burtonwool, containing two entertaining rooms, four bedrooms. kitchen larder, outside wasbhouse, stable and large garden; rent £lB per year.—Apply Mr. W. FAIR- CLOUG/I, Brook Farm, Burtonwood, Warrington, or Mr. T. LATIMER, Commission Agent, 69, Cross-lane, Earlestown.

THE RAPID WASHER S 0 A P WARIER R WASHER SOAP. SOAP. A RAPID WASHER WASHER SOAP. SOAP. JOSEPH MATTHEWS, • FAIRFIELD SOAP WORKS, WARRINGTON.

FADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS SUFFERED AGONY FOR THIRTY YEARS. ---- EADE'S pILLs. " 30, Randall Street, Bridge Road. Battersea, S.W.. january 27,1892, EADE'S PILLS. " Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to write and give you great praise FADE'S piLLs. for introducing such a valuable medicine as your Gout Pills' Having SUFFERED UNTOLD AGONY FOR 30 YEARS. I can truly say I have never had anything to relieve my piin so quickly as your Pills. I used to lay in bed for two or three months at a time, but now I not only get re- GOUT lief in a few hours but am able to get to work in less than a week. My complaint RHEUMATISM is the worst of all Gouts, Gcalled Chalk Gout. —Yours OUT truly, R"w. LITTLEJOHN." HEUMATISM Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Rade, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. 8.C.; mad Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. 10., and 2s. Bd. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS

N- NOTICE TO CON fRIBU lotts AND DEN 18. we All letters to the Editor and contributions of should be written on one side of the paper 0n17.,. ia all The name and address of correspondents mos," t so a cases be given, not necessaril for üblication vn• guarantee of good faith. Y P r the iv We do not hold ourselves responsible -f h opinions expressed in letters to the Editor, vih'F erg. understood to embody only the •qiew s of the writ

.. ....,~. • r. • • • • • • .. • .1 . Mr i' • . • II - .10 ' Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lumbago, Sprains, Soreness, Stiffness, Pains in the Chest, Pains in the Limbs, Pains in the Each, and all Aches and Pains. Price //11 and 2/6. 4vi VII, .AI NI -I, 0.,5. 4 4,,,e ...,„ e 'T` i.,.t 14 , : f ''. ~/,. *ll4. .1 . ka• 4400, s • 4,; ,o';' %1 ,0 ; ' A f , It -'' " -.....mariaggi

THE JOHN NOBLE . • Half-Guinea Costumes' Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufsc. sr turers in the World, at less than Half Ordinary Prices. .0"" .. Over 1,000 Well-paid Workers employed in John Nobles own .... IL Factories, under the strictest conditions of Sanitation and cleanliness. , ti t 'i Highest Diploma & Gold Medal Awarded / i til , British Sitz Colonial Industrial Exhibition. These Costumes are made in the John Noble Cheviot Serge (the . same quality worn by Miss BScker at the time of her rescue from the disastrous Wreck of the "Elbe," and sold at 7/6 the Dress ,‘;‘,.) Length). They are trimmed bold silk cord, and - fi. V---' supplied complete for the ridiculous price of 10,6 each, packed in box and sent carriage 10/6 ' B paid for 9d. extra. Ci• 4146.. Ordinary stock sizes fit any figure up to gins. round bust, under arms; larger sizes 1/6 extra. --‘ b Tohed JOHN btNOBLE MODEL COSTUMES have secured THE ADMIRATION OF THE WORLD. ,'. They are far and away ahead of all other Costumes on the ' market for style, cut, make, finish and quality of material, and in addition to all these good points the skirts are wider aml the , sleeves fuller, exhibiting a marked contrast to the slop-made I , " skimpy " looking garments generally sold at low prices and Al often toroduced by ill-paid workers in the lowest sweating dens: , .‘ therefore Ladies can with confidence place their orders with ' John Noble Ltd., The Warehouse, Manchester. A LADY'S POPULAR SUIT - •4 . . Is in no way a misnomer for the Costume here illustrated. It has proved ; ' ,i 6 4.........0r itself the Success of the Season, and consists of the latest shape Outdoor :..• ;-.541 ; ...".. Open Coat and Costume Skirt, both tailor-maie in the John Noble Cheviot frfofr . Serge, and catroefpuellrfefietniiosnheda.nnsecmoaatdies wsciitehnituilicallyevcuest tfoasttiotnhaeblful.re-e to„ / - 'ti/ ' ' yen, pockets, and deep full basque, trimmed round collar and in revers with neat tailor stitching. Skirt trimmed to match, and bound at extreme edge with bias velvet. Ordinary stock sizes fit any figure from 32in. to 42in. round bust, under arms. .15 ii. Ar " Larger sizes 116 extra. Price complete, IS,- ; packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d extra. /Kir FIVE GUINEAS might be paid else- where for a similar suit, but no better style or fit would be secured, * Bodices to wear with the above 46 extra. KNOCKABOUT FROCKS FOR GIRLS Prom , are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, with saddle top, 1/6 \ long full sleeves, and pocket, at the following low prices • Each. Lengths 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 is. Postage ad. extra. Prices li6 21- 2,6 3/- 316 4/- 416 5/- 5/6 ea. Every purchaser delighted. ,;; 1 Thelengths COLOURS Astatedny oa fr et hfer om above topgoafr neckband to bottomtboesupplied of i n skirtß la ciku Navy,f ro n t . Brown, Myrtle, Bronze-green, Electric Blue, Ruby, Tan, Grey, or Drab. "THE BOOK OF THE SERGE," also PATTERNS and FASHION SHEETS oftip- / to-date Costumes Blouses, Mantles &c., sent Post Free on application. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS, which ;re always inferior, and remember LIEF that John Noble Ltd. have no agents, no travellers, or branch shops, and • the genuine goods can only be obtained direct from their Manchester. establishments. Please mention this paper when ordering. ~ JOHN NOBLE Ltd., The Warehouse, MANCHESTER ..4

POLISHING--A PLEASURE I WILL NOT Aff,l, STEPHENSON' FINGER Al.o§. MARK. FURNITURE CREAM. a z - Sold by Chemists. Grocers, and ironmonger& Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD.

FOUND DEAD. OISON FOR KILLING RA iS. Thmsands have been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hundreds of farmers that have used it say it is he best F',4ison known, as they find a lot of rats dead by using it. Post Free. Is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of SANFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps and try it. Sold by Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killing Moles on land.

rn iii lo WEAK A1..1,N suffering from the effects of Youthful errors, ,Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost Manhood, Gravel, Pains in the Back, Diseases, Scc. We w ill send valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particular for borne cure. Free of c iarge. A splendid Medical Work should be reed by every RIAU who is nervous and debilitated —Address Messrs. WILK iliSol and CO., Medical flail Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINNON'S SFIBMAE, ELIKIE is 46. 6d. the ease Can be obtained direct.

ONE BO N OF CLARKES B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Palm In the back. Gearanteed tree lrom Mercury. Sold in Boxes 48. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Venderc hroughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamt B ythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES Mete COMPANY. Lincoln. wholesale /Went ; BARCLAY & 80N, Loodon, and all the Wholesale Houses.

law ••-• e. . •• • •• 4.• • f.• wp, wortT, weir*: li AS/ - 11417E1 KS 01,711"124:7, 4 . •.• b • • `‘. 0 •••• .' ' Mitits I.ll\s_ • 6 'ON 1f..., 1 ' 01 • \ r" 1,.. ' • • • C Ws. 1r Int4g_ez aart, ;Akan 1,,i 0,0- ' , f,,,1 • :Wondetpl. acrytie • Tof BeitdathAr--- ''*l '• A •73t/ioulinfibeo,lLOWtrudDitha 1. . -,,,,t.-4• C;,..144 :CcrarvukrittAkYcal..o in, t4a Zon .^ ...,* - - . elf Z a d ZRAI a dibtatunctit9 RebtiffAte A-T... ' 134,114 .i.biA4CULnu. 15dar531/2. fi -.12 21- , A% a. .236-v..1 Sole Agents J. IL w O,ST(/N, CHEMIST. RUNCORN, J. STRINGFELLOW, ST. H/ILENS.

?THE SOAP FOR ' HARD WATER,

„ SMOKER'S COMPANION 1 1110,, 014 ilfrk A Combined SELF-1E1E1N( j I 'fltillll'' ' 114” tIlO POCKST STA kIP, MATCH BOli [ Ill; •-_--- i' and CIGAR CUTTER (best Inicke, silver. A USE P UL Novelty. Enormous Sale. Prices including Box, Ink a , Brush, one line Stsmp, 2s. 3d. ; two lines 2s. 9d. ; three lines 3s. 33. Post Flee. A. J. BYROM. 8, CHURCH-STREET, GOLBORNB. AI FEW SMART AGENTS WANTED.

ri IHE Norcombe Smasher is not a toy ; it is the most power _L ful and eheaoest hand implement in the market for making crushed oystershell and sharp or rough grit by a little labour. It is also invaluable for smso.hing bones for 416 bottomlngs for plants, soups, stoa. c. Note, a labourer broke 2cwt. for 25. 6d. tmok, one of the largest poultry breeders, says : " I have visited 2,100 poultry yards, and one of the principal draw- backs to %sinter egg production is the want of sharp grit." I have shown the owners the cause of liver disease was usually the lack of sharp grit." Price. post free, 3s. 6d.— EDMUND NORCOMBE, K.7o,Ciranby-st., Liverpool.

THE CURE OF NERVOUS DEBILITY The Press, the Public and the Profession have unani- mously pronounced PROF. LE BLANC'S MECHANICAL CONTRIVANCE for the Cure of Nervous Debility, Spermatorrhcea, Ex. haunted Vitality, Premature Decay, Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases of every form, and all kindred complaints, A TRIUMPH OF INGENUITY. By removing the cause, It entirely eradicates the effect of past indulgence, at the same time preventing a recurrence or continuance thereof. Particulars of this M ARVEL of NINETEENTH CENTURY SCIENCE can be obtained, post free, of the proprietor. HENRY DAVIS, COPFORD LODGE, CHICRESTER PLACE, BatonTos, Sussax. Name this paper. T II I S RAZOR is made from •. the beat ' Sheffield ""• STEEL and ground by Bhefile!cl workmen. It is warranted and If not approved when trial will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cutler at, 'lllll4 11111110 11 Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Patrol Black handle in a flat Case 9/- Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6. Or poet free from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2.1/6, 2/-, and 2/6 P.O. and Cheques, SLATER Baas., Sheffield.

RUPTURE CURED owipert°l4ol S.l. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialist, sends his neer ''' Book of full information, post tree, 71 64°Wz ific 26 fetz4;%filiiii

lIWIFT GOLD MEDAL ‘: • NEW HARRISO KNITTER KNlTSStockinggribbederplain • GLOVES and CLOTHING in k WOOL, 8/LE, or COTTON. INSTRUC- , J TIONS FREE. Lt. ta free per post. ._ ' 1., . TRIUMPHANT AWARD at PARIS. The only WINNER in the WORLD of 7 GOLD MEDALS Snd 19 other Honours. HARRISON CIOCITINO MACIIINS Co. Ltd. Works : 48, Upper Brook SC, Manchester.

'A. FATNESS FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE PILLS are • " safe and plem3ant cure ; sent free from observation on receipt of P.O. for 28. 6. ""Alk A marvellous means of reducing excessive fat and improving the complexion. "--N. ' CAMERON, 3.3, Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street London.

These tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam of Conail" Cubebs or Injections and cure in 51),N1 4 I 48 hours the same diseases without incon- -47 ID '‘ venience. 4/6 of all Che- mists. Or poet free. WILCOX & Co., 289, OXFORD BT., LONDON, W

()NE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY ‘-'" MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (intsrndl an external), Price 4e. 6d. Single Bottles of .ifixture 2s. 9d. Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist, (la Mettmen),332, Deanna , Manchester. Advice free,

ICTORIAL TAN ID The Pictorial Tutor being published at Nett OFOR T E . Descriptive Prospectus I. sent Post Free on application Price, it cannot b.r obtain dof to " Magazin of Music," OM e, r - OR t re. markable Sr cheap- est look ever publish d. /....NET, POST FREE 250 PAGES (Full Music Size). Contains 70 Illustrations and over ase Songs. Dances Carols, Anthems and Hymn Tunes. any book or music ,elif r under Ss 20; o udgate Hill, London. B.C. .C. Tim Po °forte s mplified.

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Wits Inquiries and Reference to telt NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad is being continually Improved upon to meet extended reguirementst and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAIL! NGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Filarisions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &a. HURDLES NETTING 6..NDAXD TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK, C, 0 IV 7C" T—T BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. Self-Looking Joints ...ONDON OFFICE : 17, VICTORIA St., Westminster.

PURE IRISH LINEN.

IRISH CAMBRIC POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen •, mare special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittines, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pur.e flax, 40. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, FOR SUNI E R AND EVENING WEAR. IRISHTWEED, aalnldPsutr3elWe. ooplieUasnessuarr iissfedor fLoardSietrs,enoft6h,enDin;awbeilaitry, PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. IRELAND G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE,

THE

__.-vp.iv‘tits-.TrALYT\--i-h----,--1-m--trtr., ---tv"----------w„._____________,.. 4 _._ 41 , ~ w. ITCH _ 7--; ins ill _---i_ ;1 1 ~,_ .. _ _ __:_...,, ..,. --- .L..._ POET' -efli-T' ' --.T.*Ai‘lV°tlu'-.---- _

SOAP FOR SOAP FOR WATER. COLD WATER. For 150 Wrappers the splendid Picture "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will be Pent carriase paid. Full particulars on each Wrapper. WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sold only in 16oz. Tablets. A 16oz. TABLET of SOAP for 3i. equals 3d. per lb. A 12oz. 9. 11 21d. „ nd. „

Lido PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &a. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &a.

Manufactured. only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LON/DO

ESTLEITHIFD 1851 BIRKI3ECK BANK. Southampton Buildings. Chancery Lane. Londoc. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INT/IMO:3T allowed D NPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, au minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below CO-% STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcuased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thritt the Bank receives smallsum deposit,and allows Interest monthly on each completed E BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE 1111 TWO GUINE•S PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETI HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. the BIIIKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post ire FRANCIS RAVE NSCROFT. Manager

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS LI! Females, quickly correct all irregularitied, removes all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptons, so preval- ent with the sex. Boxes Is. 10. and 2s, 9.1. of all chemists, sent anywhere on receipt of l 5 or 34 stamvs by the maker, B. T. Towi.E, Chemist, Nottingham. Beware it imitations

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. O ECHillt s PILLS, BILIOUS & NERVOB OUS U S DISORDERS, SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. In Boxes, 90., is. 11d., and 28. I. each, with full directions. The is. id, Box co,_ 'as/us 56 Pi 1.. PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR THOMAS BEECIIAM, St. Ifelens, Lancashire. BEEcHAN,s TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL-- CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES THE BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggiste, or from the Proprietors, for is., post-paid.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is lid. and 2s. 9d, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head • and kidneys ; tree the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, saes excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mar- oxidate, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, Lot ,don. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZLNOES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

LADIES BitST FRIEND 1 Marriet or Single Ladies should send at once for LADY'S HANDY HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE, post free, sealed, teu stamps; invaluable infor- mation cf never-failing remedies for all ILLUSTRATED Irreenlarities and Obstructions obsti- nate or long-standing. The only effectual Gremedy that does not contain poisonous U IDE. ,or danges ous drug, ; cannot hurt the I mcst delicate. MADAME A.J. LILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRISTOL

THE ^FATAL" NOTSELESS GUN. 2 5 - - 30 / - -7 egift Orel b.li,guaninteed to kilt lidne at lab latdo. ' WOTE.-11. gun is our patent. and the genumel article can Only be obtained from n Worthless Imitstimas made abroad. as advertised under various names by petty dealers in F'oLkestone. we ran supply at Is. et Cotalogoo of farlcilllng sporting guns and testimonial,. together with Pse of ova. 500 Genuine second-hand Breechloaders. net free. from CUFFLYN &Co.. Farrltilling Gun Makers, Folkestone. &4111402,—N0 other drm is Folkenose make Bud{ WU CUM,

.-• '' --t_ 11........_,.........----__ 1 art- 't'.,,,, ~ 4"tePiliqii 1 ‘-t- -" ~t,,:,. ',,*•,-,c - '').=.- ~ .!2,': -,,,if.:%1ir p -.is°47: '.•.:-% '-,-,'...0),, ~,,41,-. " 't.c`-1, 1 ( li. ki T•13%,1.1.?4'44,47''''''''''k'.40:1:5; 4 ki„ • - ~,, ~, : , - 1../4i,,A .. `%"%i144:-..' ',,' n',i,',l: •.' kw,. h 4, ,e' -, - • `,4,-4:,,t i'^ .4 i l 4 1 ,''k.' '4493211232211ZZM :, .(44 0071.,.. I' H.LiavE ; s ..j.- I F EVERIS 4 HEAT. : 1,),, ti / \), • _ _ cr) Pt. Irv* -. ~.4..'-'• ' G"-ti -. a licaßy state.f th. , F. conotut. darinq the PO" .f If FINING ' cuttirileeTA. 72 . . . 'Al4VOnH,Surror. gt - 4"ff ( Please Observe the E E s , 1:4: \ IN STEEDMAN z... ..,. .;; •

Steam Engines, Boilers, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, and Pumps. Large Stock. Write for gitotetaass, staithi?. details of requirements, E.B.HINDLEYO t.Queen victoria St.,LONDON, UC., or to Workg, BOURTON, DORSET.

UNION CHURCH P.S.A.—Mr. C. H. Flibbert, of :: ton,has been appointed organist at the Pleasant Wok Afternoon services. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES.—On Sunday, morning evening, special sermons were preach-a in the„ll,Antel cj Church, Frodsham, by the Rev. J. W. Clarke,^f An excellent selection of hyms and chants were We sung by the choir and scholars, together li/idle:mg anthem, " What are these ?" (Stainer) for the el service. The collections taken at the several were in aid of the Sunday school foods. Ir*iT . t'rev. Wright accompanied on the harmonium most effec 04, In the afternoon a united service of the P•8"4. °red deliver Sunday School was held, when address* were gervt: j.r.. a„d the iit7o,. ky the Chairman, Mr. Thomas Rigby, J. W. Clarke. Special hymns were again Bung by bY choir, and the followingsolos were c nt,ibut tietbleheT Messrs. Worrell, of Runc3rn, " The S'ar 01 theritig and "Comfort ye." There was a very large ga rrib'bert of members of the P.S.A. Miss Beek and Mr' •-• were the accompanists. I DRAINAGE BOARD.—MEETING OF RATlC"rMmo:l4bani aanndn annual smeeting Drainaget heßratepayers heldw i t th Fi:a:oo2al the T ),:h Bate, Frodsham, on Thursday evening, when Mr. the ""Ithge 01" the returning t,fficer, presided. The [Ole. meeting having been read,it was reselved tnat twelve lowieg members be elected for the forthcoinon months :—Owners of land : Messrs. Wi/liani tt Voir' Oakmere Hall ; and Mr. A. Talbo. t, of Occupiers : Messrs. James Percival, God•cAL, s - JBooohnthp(rfiaesrtmneerr);FTrohdosmhaams Davies, Thomas At'u.-flaw ttOri' Woodheuses ; Thomas Ella;mTsboUniaysidtZte:il'jgostlin:atvvtliaOrge • Ellams, Helsby ; PC , Rogers, Netherton. Ralph Bate;GeOrge B h an" - WILLIAM (I ALE. FAMILY BuToHE B. 27, BRICA-STREET, ppNN WARRINGTON, PRIME LAMB, MUTTON. BaEr, VBA.L, Always on hand from 5f.1. to d. Per lb' A Trial &Rotted. PAR VEL BAY TOBAO 04 Cigars made from this New growth excel fa 1111111 Qualities and Flavour. They are better value than Havana or W5l lam now ins posi ion to over them st the elc' st low priae of 18s. per 100 or samples Can 11'3 "4 • • ' 6 for is. THE SMORERIES. ,()% 58, HORSEMAIIKET-ST., AND YE OLD r , BIITTERMARKET-STREET. • WARRINGTON. BESWICK, Proprietor.
