===== 0002601_18950330_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NO. 832 REGISTBRI3D FOR TRANSMIS•i lON ABROAD. WARRINGTON GYMNASIUM. a TUESDAY NEXT, APRIL 2itn, 1895. GRAND GYMNASTIC DISPLAY By Ladies', Boy's and Gentlemen's Classes. Also BOXING. • TUG OF WAR—SOLDIERS v. POLICE. ADMISSION 25,, Is., and Ed. Open 7. Commence 7.30 Illaro. Early cloar tor ticket holders 6.45. Vor further particulars see Bills. •

1171CLIFFE HALL BF W3E Y-S TREE T, • WARRINGTON. • CRAND CONCERT will be given by the Wycliffe v 2 arch Choir, assisted by a few friends on THURSDAY next, APltu. 4th MURTON'S CANTATA " A.RIADNE "ad ,NSOELLANROUS Vocal and Instrumental Music. „Y,2Calists • Mrs. It. H. PE ARSON, Miss F. BOOTH, Mr. A. n,IPFITIIS, and Mr. W. 11. WALLINGTON. Instrumen- p.ta : Mr. R. H. PEAR,ON (violin) ; Mr. B. BALMFOED Mr, W. H. PAYTON (pianoforte) ; Mr F. HlCKo(organ) Conductor ; Mr. G. WALLINGTON. To mange at 7.M p.m. Front seats Is. 6d., -second seats is,, hack seats gd, T. , ICkets at Mr. PEARSON'S, Bold-street, eta Irons mem" 'hers of the choir. • IIItITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. WARRINGTON AUXILIARY. THE ANNUAL MEETING cofl (It the above Society will be held in the . —PRRATIVB HALL, SANKEY-ST., APRIL IHT. , ' The Chair will be takes; at 7.45 prompt, by HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR, The JAMES FAIROLOUGH, 11841. 9011--,,„ting Will be addressed by the Rev. J. DENTON `'"-'N and the Rev. J. E. SYMONS. both of South- -. it D rid other Friends. The Choir and Band of St. Anne's 9' under the leadership of Mr. PERCY lIINDALL. WillI be in attendance.

ki-11AND SPORTS AND GALA. will take place ciclonon tbe. RECREATION GROUND, GOLHORNB, on o'eI,s„,PRIDAY, APRIL 12th, 1895. Commeacing at P"1113t. UN OUR N.C.U. RULES. 2. A Novel football match. A 1 'bile local bicycle h (reap confined to the ,em- of an I re the Golborne Cycling Club. First prize, Gold Medal, value 255. ; second, Silver Medal, 105. ; entrance fr 6d. each. Iwo miles lycycle handicap, open to all amateurs. 4. First prize. value £2. 10s. ; second, et 55. ; third 12s. 6d. :),ne mile open bicycle handicap, First prize, value Ant 511• second, 18e. 6d. ; third, 103. furt,Pinee fee to open races is. each; both, 15.6 d. For particulars see posters or apply to the Secretary to &air .all entrance fees must be paid on or before Tuesday, tart, 9th• 1895. Address, Mr. Hugh Allen, Secretary, 6, Nail-street, aolborne. %kit --The Golborne Brass Band will play for dancing dusk Jtriss Iv • TO THE GROUND 60., AFTER SPORTS 3D.

TREA.TRE ROYAL AND OPERA ROUSH, S emle p , T. HELENS. roPrietor and Manager (also LOSSOO Of Theatre Royal

She Meld, and Theatre Itoyal, Leicester) yria LACE ItBVI LL.

Aetine --4nager. and Treasurer. ..... RIOHARD SOARS. MONDAY, APRIL Iv, UM, A" DURING THE WEEK, IMPORTANT ENGAGEMENT OF

MISS FORTESCLTE AND RBE SPECIALLY SELECTSD LONDON The COIdPANY. ruY Authorised Version of Ouida's FAMOUS Novel

461 tr ALOTIIS,II MONDAY AND THURSDAY. oldsnaith's Masterpiece. in FOILS' Acts, Lill/4 STOOPS TO CONQUER,

TUESDAY AND SATURDAY. An entirely Original Play, In Four Aeto, CHARITY,

WEDNESDAY. Revival of the celebrated Comedy In three acts, “ity 1, IVI-ASKS & FACES,

The FRIDAY. •rertorrnanceNvill be preceded on Tuesday, Wednesday Friday and Saturday Evenings, by THE GOOD FOR NOTHING." TIMES AND PRICES AS USUAL.

SIAMP COLLECTORS. it aoaou • "41" 'clir ?itAnCRT OF STAMPS; sure to give. °-4 noli Li ~.„.• 'price 15. 14. by pOIS t - Wholesale and It i' -' ' ee• Large Stok of Rarities on hand. We Buy Starnloti lon in books, on envelepee or other Pd Stamie,iA o }C,iv-,,lorpe. Bought. -------....__Zr --II t LIVERPOOL STAMP CO.,

THE

MILLER 011. LAMP, ALLAIEST UP-TO-DATE IMPROVEMENTS. "114131.. LARGE, AND WHITE LIGHT. A" 8111PLEET DEVICE FOR RE-WICKING

EVER INVENTED.

-- ..........—_. hto CANNOT LEAK. 4 lIIONMONGA-ERS, PLUMBERS, LAMP DEALERS,

Oh WHOLESALE FROM '

BAXENDALE.S. MILLEIt-STRIMT, MANCHESTBR. gDbipping Routes.

HITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK sara '`4IINIO w Queen town, EVERY WEDNESDAY. hot ea" (3'". Apr. 3. I *MAJESTIC' ...Wed . APr • 10 Ste tiee7l,anreraii t'elaararsieendgeor 'StnenveoTage marked thin*. tens including Outfit free of Ros;:,)own :IPhiladelphia,. or Baltimore. The ,vesSels of this 'line are all the largest, ! 4et ,10-44 I.la model and arrangements, and unsurpaild eLit: IN)leten s of their app°intmenta. Pri. Apply to 1811141. Y. IMIBESEIN: Water-street. erpom. roet. Loudon, 34. e., and . land CM., 34, tIiqRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: j- tl./1 ‘‘A OUN WALKER AND CO.. e "InEit.MlllllR OFFICE. WARRINGTON. an tiNA b baTO LINE AfGjN'TEI %FV°fORE every SATUR- -.• d tor BOSTO-N every THURSDAY.—Fare £2. WI:IITR STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. to 1e,,„/6"AN LINE—SOUTHANIPTON to NEW r 1114,11 direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL LPIIIA., every WEDNESDAL—Fare £2. qtll°N NE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY. • A t LAID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STRA.MRRS from LIVERPOOL. I\l-tVy Ltv"„vALAND TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN cl,aflS landing' passengers en and route at Teneriffe at Hobart. &e. I N'ttl\n, `G EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- CIiiirILADRLPHIA SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, AusTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND. rrldd take tickets at the LOWEST RATER at itt EXAMINER" OFFICE, 1337 atlY of tha. WARRINGTON. 'Ol4 above-mentioned or any other lines. 1 WALKER AND Do. AGENTE•

Is

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. • WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLErS GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from

B. CUNNINGHAM, 2, near WATKIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. • WHISBACH sYSTIDI

SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

TIIII MO5ll PERFECT LIGHT. SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT, AT ONE-EIGHTH THE COST. SIX VALID REASONS For its Adoption. I. It saves half your gas bill. 2. It gives you treble the present light. 3. It csn be attached to existing gas fittings. 4. The light is clean, cool, steady. and brilliant. 5. It does sway with the impurities of gas. 6. It is pleasant, simple, and economical.

Extract, from the Report of Prof. CARLTON LAMBERT, ALA., F.R.A.B. "The Welsbach Light' is nearly seven times as eftbient in minating effect as ordinary gas burners, and more than four times as efficient as an ' Argand.' Professor MAXgMULLIAIt writes "7. Norham Gardens, Oxford, February,lo, 1894.

- "Professor Max MO.ller has much pleasure in stat- ing that be finds one lucandssceni Burner gives enough light in his library where he formerly re- guii ed three burners, and if the pressure of gas was lowa lamp as well. In hi drawing-room two burners give a splendid light. He has also an Incandescent Burner in the hall. which is most satisfactory. His gas bill last quArter, with these four burners in use, was El 2s. less than the same quarter last year, thougfi the price of gas is higher."

FOR PRIVATE HOUSES, SHOPS, SHOW ROOMS, HOTELS, OFFICES. and PUBLIO BUILDINCIS.

Prices and full oarticulars on appiieation to the following Agents. WARRISOTON CALDWRDLi3, LIMITED, 60, Hor.emarhet-street. RADLESTOWNI t Mrs. H. NIIIIHNIAM, ST. HELENS : R. G. BROOK, Wolverhampton I,,use. RUNCoIiN : H. BRANCH, 10 +, GreenwaTroad. W IDN ES : H. BRANCH, Cent,al HAW.

cbti&titirx, ,Nte

===== 0002601_18950330_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
rot ,y. . • ot

,S.

1 • ,0.,

lb Sil°l6 ,rfoP °burl; Srr't

===== 0002601_18950330_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
aitteos' ,nal 11065 1.

PACC°P. bin. 6ge4

, -'

00001 131 71 we

ejr„,.s: 40:1:00

===== 0002601_18950330_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1895.

BSTABLISHED 1855. TILLIAII LINDOP, 'AS-STREBT, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GR., BOWLS AND KLLIAItn BALLS, TIPB, CHALK. WAFESS. CLMENT, TL BILLIAIin.ACCESSORIRS. CHESS, DRAUGHTS, Al.. MBRELLA AND WALKING STICK MANUPACTUBER 70 IHE IRADE.

72, THOM,. LNG GREEN CUES. TIPS, D AND ALL T DOMINOES,

===== 0002601_18950330_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
* LO" OS BRos., 4c)sl's 01$1) FOR THE 09 BEST, THE NEWEST, AND THE CHEAPEST IN THE TRADE,

===== 0002601_18950330_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
• W. P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALL WARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS, BALLS, LEG GUARDS. GLOVES, Ac. WIRE NETTING, FENCING WIRE. BASSI NE rTEs, MAIL CARTS, MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, RUGS, LEA:PARR BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS, WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL GENTLEMEN looking for good, sound advice on the coming Flat Racing Season enclose stamped address to W. PARR, Childrey, Lambew n.

911111 ER GRAND SNIPS overnight, weekly is. 6d. ; J. grand results—Send at once to S. JAMES. 15, Alma-st., West Hartlepool.

. - ROCHE'S HBRBAL EMBROCATION.

Rocars HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Br P( pr 1 U. 7id per Quarter, 6e. B.i. per Alava= is. 9d. per Quarter @milt.

FURNISH AT

WORSLEY"S. ORN, MANCHESTER.. IMPORTANT ANNOUIvCEMLNT.

GIGANTIC SALE.

ENORMOUS SACRIFICE.

THE WHOLE STOCK TO BE ABSOLUTELY CLEARED

IM MEDIATELY.

WEEKLY CLIAT.—The marvellous and rapid development of Wornlejea Great House Furnishing • Emporium has been an eye-opener to the city of Manchester the sweeping strides in advancement astonishing to its traders. Undoubtedly the cash trade is the largest in the city, and the new de erred payment system introduced, threatens to undermine and obliterate the Iniquitont Hire System altogether, and to achieve for Worsley's the greatest success of modern times in the retail trade. Nearly 1,0:k houses have been furnished on this principle, successfully and satisfactorily to both parties, in addition to the oniinary cash turnover, which is enormous. Mr. Worsley has dee' g.cl to convert the whoie of his vast undertaking into a Limited Company. This will be effected on the let of April next, p-evious to which during the whole of March, the entire stock re-marked at greatly reduced prices will be offered as a &ranee Sale. The greatest bargains ever offered to the British public may be secured at Worsley's during March ; anyone purchasing tray have free storage, the goods being bought subject to being delivered as required. The lowest cash price will be marked on each article, no abatement allowed, and if bought on deferred payments, simply our usual 10 per cent, added to the invoice. No discount allowed for cash, not a penny. the goods being marked at almostlOOSt price. There is a £40,000 stock to dispose of, and we intend to waive any desire for our usual profit. Inspection invited. RE WORSLBY'S, LlNMED.—Applichtions ptospec.s tuses may be made at once, and will be sent according, 1-0 priority of epplication, preference b...ing given to cus- tomers. It is expected that the shares will be at a consider- able premium. JMPOUTANT.—Tbe whole a the goods advertised below are priced at the lowest possible figure, for prompt cash, if required by deferred payments, 10 per cent, must be added.

to

GREATEST BARGAINS IN THE WORLD. COMPLETE HOUSES OF FURNITURE. Lot 1. Splendid House of Furniture, complete, the most substantial lot in this city, and containing more for the I money. The Dining-room has a heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in hard grain, Levant leather, the frames beauti- fully carved in bas relief; has comfortable couch and luxuriously upholstered easy chairs, a heavy dining table to I match, extends to dine 10, with incised early English legs on patent castors; a handsome Persian bordered carpet and rug to match, solid brass bar fenderl fire brasses and dogs complete; cornice, with rings, ends and brackets ; Nottingham lace curtains; and last, which is thrown 'in gratis, and is in addition to what any competitor I could do, simply for an advertisement, a handsome Amerlean walnut sideboard, in the Renaissance style, to match the dining-room suite. The Bedroom Suite Is solid Cyprus • wood, and is a suite which can be highly recommended. guaranteed for 11 years, being charged in some establish- ments as much as we ask for the whole of this house of furniture; a handsome solid brass and enamelled bedstead, with complete fittings of mattress and bedding • there are the usual accessories for bedroom—carpets, curtains, fender, chamberware. Cc. Also Kitchen Furniture, consisting of the usual chairs, heavy white top table, fender, ashpan, and top bar. floorcloth for kitchen, landing, and hall. I will pack and deliver the lot for 21i guineas. 10 per cent, extra if by deferred payments. Call and inspect this lot, it pulverises all competition !if you approve.buy, if you don't there is no harm done.—WORSLEY'S. SYNOPSIS OF BARGAINS.

HOUSES OF FURNITURE (SECOND-HAND). £lO, £2O, £3O, £44, £5O, £75, and £10) Houses of Furniture in stock have been considerably reduced, com- plete lists of which will be sent on application, post bee. All guaranteed for five years. Add 10 per cent. to everything if required on deferred pavments.

TAINING-ROOM FURNITURE BARGAINS.—Orer ICK, _L/ Dining-room Suites, 123 Sideboards. 80 Dining-ttbles„ 200 Overmanteli, to be cleared, enormously reduced. Lot 87. Special Bargain. Magnificent Second-band American Dining-room Suite, upholstered in Ottoman saddle-bags, £10; worth £3O; a grand Sideboard, Early. English, heavily carved in boa relief, to match, £lO : e.st £.35 ; maaalwe• Dining-table, to match, £.3 101., and Overmantel for £4 40. The lot for £27.

Lot 96. irri-ind Brown Oak (solid) Dining-room Suite, in morocco ; large heavy chairs, massive and carved bas relief. Splendid Sideboard to match. with Dining-table and Over- mantel; the lot worth £l2O, for £5O, a great bargain. Money', returned if not satisfactory.

Lot 103. Handsome suite, same number of pieces as Lot 96. in Spanish mahogany, covered in best mohair velvet; cost £2lO ; tor £42. Lot 107. An excellent Dining-room Suite, in leather, cast E. 39, for £.6 10s. Scores of Suites, from £4 10s. to £l5O. Inspection, invited. Lot 108. Special Bargain. A grand Solid Brown Oak Dining-room kiuite of the finest figured wood, handsomely carved in has relief The sideboard is a masterpiece, being made by the celebrated firm of Norris, of Bath, fit for anyone I who can appreciate high-ohoe cabinet work, being one mass of the loveliest pollard oak ohtsinable, Renaissance style, Lit. long ; must be seen to have adequate cenception of Its beauty.. The Dining-room Suite consists of the Sideboard mentioned,. also two large easys, a fine handsome couch, and a set Of ' either 6,8.10,0 r 12 standard padded beck chairs and if desired. all upholstered in the finest and hflCriglish hard grain. Morocco ; a very heavy carved leg Dining Table extends to 10 f et, with telescope SCrew a handsome 001,1 Cabinet. and a *no massive Overrnantel, handsomely carved all bo match.. The lot for £B6 10s., the sideboard being worth the whole of. the maney.—WORSLBY'S. IF YOU WAS.T.A ii(DEN/ISIT WOHSLEY'S. DO

NOT GO ELSRWHERR, DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE BARGAINS. Grand Display of Exquisite Drawing-room Furniture - at giving away prices. Largest collection in the city. L0t270. Solid Chippendale Dravring room Suite, with settee, two easy chairs, and four occasional Chairs in silk, with a mcst beautifully deigned china and brie a brae cabißet of Louis XIV style, also a very pretty overmantel to match, with two occasional and wine tables, and coal cabinet ; the lot wooth £1.30 for £5O, with a magnificent solid brass fender, dogs and brasses, cost £lO, thrown in gratis. Lot 312. Magnificent inlaid Drawing-room Suite, in Silk Genoa velvet, worth RZO for 16 guineas ; Cabinet Las match, £lO. _ . . .

Lot 327. A Suite similar in stvie to lot 273, with Same number of pieces, eaquisitely carved, for £341 cast £8.5 ;a. bargain. • Over 100 Occasional Chair., inlaid, carved, Chippendale or Sheraton, from iLI. 6d. to £6 ; worth thrce times the money marked.

Lot 329. Magnificent Inlaid Chippendale Drawing-room Suite, richly inlaid with ivory and expensive woods, contain- ing a really high-class Cabinet, 6 feet ; cost £l, 0 for £35. A richly upholstered Suite of Settee, two easys and four occa- sional chairs, covcred in silk Genoa velvet, for 181 guineas ; two Occasional Tables £4 ; and an Ove, mantel to match in every detail. £5 S,—WOUSLEY'S. -Lot 330. Magnificent Cosy Cortez ; cost £75 (Or £25. Lot 33,. Beautaful Centre Ot Orllllll : (.0 t £.sj, tor guinea.. Lot Ikt. 332. liandeorn Drawing-room Su:te walnuC

BEDROOM FURNITURE BARGAINS. Over 200 Complete Bedroom Suites en view. Lot 539. One of-the best Second-han,i Bedroom Suites is the city, made of the finest end richest Spanish mahoinanv.. having- a Sit. breakfront wardrobe, with huge plate-glass door.. a eqir of magnificent dressing-table and wash tend to match. both encicsed. with three chairs, towel-rail, and pedestal,. The lot for £26 10.. Wardrobe cost £35 alone. Lot 661. 1, .ndsorne carved Bee Relief American Walnut Bedroom Suite. £lB 18e; large wardoshe with plat—glass centre door. Pair of enclosed Toilet Tables, three chairs, and ' Towel Rail ; a great bargain; Worth £4O. Lot 572. A Match Suite to Lot 561. but smaller. 9 guineas. Lot 575. A moat Serviceable Suite, similar to Lot 572. for E 6 10s. Lot 578. Solid Satinwood Bedroom Suite complete for Pl2_

La 601. Pollard Oak Bedroom Suite, £l3O ; cost Bargalth. _

La 6;52. Ash Bedroom Suite, by Good All, cost £2)O. for

LA 603. Sycamore Bedroom Suite. by O 1 en, cl,t £2.50, for £55. Lot 604. Pollard Oak Bedroom Su,. , I,v Radcliffe, for £55. Lot 640. Scven-foot Spanish Mahogany Done Top Ward- robe a magnificent piece. worth £6O, for k 25. L0t,641. Pair of Solid Idahrigazy Enclosed Stands cornplete, £7.

Lot 642. Two large PainteA Wardrolms, one £5 the other £6. Lot 643. A large Spanish Mahogany Wardrobe, £6 10e. (3.ItRAT MAMMAS v!rNoptisliL(ElTl,l)-11AND PIAN OS AT Magnificer.t Upright Grand Pianoforte, full com- pass, iron frame, check ac'.ion, brass pin platd. almost new Second-hand Cottage Piano, by Sioddart, cost £6O £lB 6". for 5 0 Powertill tone Metallic Piano, by Avill hilti Smart 14 0 0 Organ-like tone Piano, by Hopkinson. 7 octaves l2 00J Splendid Rosewood Piano, by Balliugall, c.:ast £5O . for .. 8 0 0. Upright Cottage Piano. by Metzler, 61- octavna 2 10 0 The best tone Plano in Manchester, by DaSsell 2B 0 0 Full Concert Cmnd Cottage, by Ajello, walnut 25 0 0 Rich Powerful Tone Piano. by Fitzsimmons, new 18 10 Or Magnificent Neumever Piano, almost new. £29 1.04 cost £7O Second-11qm' Bechstein Piano, 7 oct.. £.55 ; a bargain Almost hew Aram Piano. boat quality, cost £B5 for Any of toe above by deferred payment* for 10 per cent. extra AHOGANY hIDIIISOARD DRBSSRRS. .Ll.l Over 50 in stook In all varieties; also in American walnut, oak, ash, also stained woods and painted Magni- ficent isideboard Dresinr, mahogany or walnut, with 3 large bevel-plate mirrors in the back, 2 shelves, cornice and pillars, brass hanules. £7 155., worth £l2 10s. A splendid Mahogany Barrel-front, Dresser, with handsome curved beck; £4 10s., usual price £6 10s. Large Painted Dressers with 2-inch tope. from 285., or 14-inch lona from 168. 6d.—WORSLRY'S. ØliTiC9l FURNITURE BARGAINS. American Roll Top Desks, in great variety, Iron £6 10s., Flat Top Office Desks from ZCA'., Pedestal. hers- tered, and Cylinder Desk; trom £3 its. All to be cleared during the March *de; wonderful bargains.

Add 10 per cult. to, eyerytMog if on deferred payments.

viT B. WOR,SLEY. sole prpprietor, The Pan- TT • theon. °alumni. Manche..ter close to Central Station. Established 1841. All cit,l -road cars pass the door, Id. In or out. Inspwtion bathed.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
BOVRIL FOR INFLUENZA.

BOVRIL

Which is extrsct of meat with all the NUTRITIVE constituents of meat subsequently added, and all superfli,ous and NON-NUTRITIVE con tituents carefully eliminated, is 50 TIMES MORE NOURISHING THAN ANY MEAT EXTRACT or HOMEMADE BEEF TEA, consequently for the thorough and immediate nutrition of the system 'which is uf first importance for both avoiding

INFLUENZA

Or throwing off its ill effects.

BOVRIL

Is absolutely Unrivalled.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

A Youtzu man at Niagara, having been crossed In love, walked out to the precipice, gave one lingering look at Ike gulf beneath him, and-'-went home. THis body was found next morning—in bed. . WIFE (who is always ailing) : "You will bury me by the side of my first husband, won't you, John ?" Husband: "With pleasure, my dear.' SruArrs "Miss Elder is much older than I thought." Hunker! "Impossible !" Spratts : "Well, I asked her if she had read zEsop's Fables, and she said she read them when they first came out." FATHER "What would you advise me to do with my son? His pronunciation is perfectly terrible. Teacher : • Get him a position as porter at a railway station at once." A rovrsuiaL journal inserts the following in- genious puff: "We have no Pity for the man who blunders right into the arms of a fierce creditor simply because he is too mean to buy a pair of Highsite's glasses." DAUGHTER; "No, father, I cannot marry that man. He has red hair." Father: "But, my dear daughter' that objection ,joesn't amount to any- thing. Don't you notice that he is almost.. bald, and in a short time will not have a single red hair on his head ?"

CITIZEN : "Why are you trying to shoot that dog?" Policeman: "He's mad." "How do you know he's mad ?" "He refused wattr." "Lon- don water ?'' "Yes." "Bah ! That's no sign." Doctrou : "Well, my fine little fellow, you have got quite well again ! I was sure that the pills I left for you would cure you. How did you take them, in water or in cake?" "Oh, I wied them in - my pop-gun." Gnus, be very thy about marrying a man who -can suppress a fult-grown sneeze in church, it indicates a bull headed amount of will power which will interfere with your happiness some day. "I mi. you, Susan, that I will commit suicide if you don't have me." "Well, Thomas, as soon as you have given me that proof of your affection I will believe that you love me." "WHY, Tom, my dear toy, how much older you look !" "All right ! The fact is, I never was so old in all my life." HOSTESS: "Miss Telfer has no partner for this waltz; you will not mind dancing with her instead of with me?" He (anxious to be very obliging): "On the contrary, I shall be delighted." COUNT DE COSIMOPOLIS : "Zen mademoiselle do not feel ze indifference for me?" Miss Wealthful : " No ; I've been awfully interested in you since papa told me you were an adventurer. It's so jolly Tell me about your escapes and all that.* AT A SCHOOL EXAM. —lnspector : "What do you see above your head when you are in the open air ?" Scholar: "The sky." Inspector : "And what do you see when the sky is covered with clouds !" Scholar : "My umbrella." "THAT'S a very lovely baby of yours, Lawson. I wonder what he will develop into?" " Well, if we can judge of the future by the present, I think he will be a town crier when he grows up." "RICHES take unto themselves wings, and fly away," said the teacher, "'What kind of riches is meant ?" And the smart boy at the foot of the - class said "They must be ostriches." SUITOR : "Sir, you are undoubtedly aware of the object of my visit ?" Father: "I believe you desire to make my daughter happy. Do you really mean it?" Suitor: "Unquestionably." Father: "Well, don't marry her, then." "NOT To - DAY, THANK You!" Servant: "Please, ma'am, there's a poor man, at the door with wooden legs." Young Housewife: "Why, Babette, what can we do with wooden legs? Tell him we don't want any." MAGISTRATE (sternly) : "This is your sixth . appearance here." Impudent Prisoner:' "Quite right, guv'nor, go up top !" MRS. NICKER (whispering to her husband) : - "Oh, John, I believe there's a burglar in the room routing about your clothes !" Mr. N. : "Well, it doesn't matter. You've been through my pockets . already, haven't you." His: "And did you see Monte Carlo while you were at Nice ?' She: "No; papa called on him, I believe, but from his disappointed . appearance when he returned to the hotel, I ithink Mr. Carlo must have been out." MRS. STRONGMIND : "Why don't you go to -work?" Tramp: "Please, mum, I made a solemn vow twenty ySars ago, that I'd never do another stroke of work till women was paid th' same wages as men." Gets a trifle. Miss HAYDON : "Miss Palmer, I must ask you to explain yourself. I understand that you told Mrs. Palmer that my brother George was the black sheep of the family." Miss Palmer: "My dear Miss Haydon, it was merely a slip of the tongue, I assure you. I meant to say white sheep." A SCOTCHMAN waited upon one of the most celebrated teachers of the German flute, desiring to know on what terms he would give him a few lessons. The flute player informed him that he ,charged two guineas for the first month and one .guinea for the second. "Then," replied the Scot, 4‘l'llbegin the second month !" "I HAVEN'T seen your wife out lately, Mr. Goodheart." "No, she keeps at home these days." "Is she ailing'!" "No. The fact of the matter is, a week ago I took home two of the handsomest bonnets I could find in town, and told her she might have her choice between them. She has been busy day and night ever since trying to make up her mind, and. was as undecided as ever when I came away this morning." "You ought to help her out of the dilemma." "How can I?" "Why, take one of them and carry it back to the shod. • That will be the one she'll want." DURING an equestrian performance a number of ladies in the front stood up, thus obstructing the view of those persons who were seated. In vain were they collectively requested to sit down till at last a happy thought occurred to one of the , sufferer& Be called out in measured tones, "Will the pretty lady in front kindly sit down ?" whereupon about fifty old women briskly seated themselvr—. Th SEIS-NESPECT. —Tramp : "All my trouble% some from card-plaYin', mum. I lost me self- respect, an' then I didn't care what became of me." Housekeeper (sympathetically): "Poor man should think you would have lost your st..:- respect." Tramp : "Yes, mum. A man can I),ivo self-resnect w'en he always loses."

=— CARTER'S LITTLE 1 t LIVER PILLS. smau Pa \ BEAU 11FUL TEETH Swan Doze. for all who use daily on the tooth 'Small Price. brush a few dropa oi ',intl. in SOZODONT, vito. . the pleasantest dentifrice in the ily Vego- world. Ible. Cleanses the teetfrand spaces Cu . Liver, Bile, between them as nothing else Sallow .omolexion, mud will. Sound and pearly white ' b.e.f.11,3,..i.i.m4 p::ainptiy : teeth, rosy lips, and fraplnt and cure them so as to stay breath ensured. eured. Chemists. ..la. 13/4..1. Ask for SOZODONT. Ss. Si.

• AKE._ j_L—Hr•Lk. rTrELFii pg.s L'uxel tai luxe '(,rpi I LiVl

===== 0002601_18950330_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_18950330_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

Mrs. Norman, the charming wife of the new as- sistant editor of the " Chronicle." is the " The Girl in the Karpathians," the Menie Muriel Dowie, who not so very long ago, when she made her first ap- pearance on any stage. or rather platform, took the hearts of all the journalists by storm. The eulogies passed upon her face and figure, and—in- cidentially—upon the paper the Pressmen were sent to report, in the next morning's journals have pro- bably never been surpassed.

I may take this opportunity of mentioning that much misapprehension seems to exist as to the object of the understanding between this country and Russia—the other Powers, except the United States, being assenting parties—for intervention in certain contingencies in the war and in the peace to be concluded at its termination. The misappre- hension to which I refer is the basis of an article in the "Spectator," and is that the intervention is to be in the interests of China and against Japan. The latter, it is said, is not to be allowed to reap the full fruits of her victory, because the Powers wish to save China from the consequences of defeat. But this is a complete misunderstanding of the objects of the arrangement, which has its foundation in the unquestionable fact that the condition and future of China are subjects of international inte If Japan is to be allowed to begin the dismem- berment of China, the floodgates of ambition and greed for territory will be opened, and no one can tell where the process will end. If Japan gets Formosa or part of ;Manchuria, or both, Russia will want to alter her position to meet the altered cir- cumstances ; so will Great Britain, France, and perhaps other Powers, and the " scramble for China" may be the great calamity of the next century. None of the Great powers want this, not because it would aggrandise Japan, but because it might lead to years of war. We are not going to see the dismemberment of China just yet. The Powers are determined that Japan shall not be allowed,as part of the price of peace, to begin the process now or to hasten the evil day which may possibly be in the future. China will have4to pay for her defeat, 'but Japan will not be allowed to exact a price which would be paid by the rest of the world. As I have stated for months past, the peace will be an international, not a Japanese peace, for the international interests concerned are infinitely larger than those which are merely Japanese.

west.

The retiring Speaker, it is understood, will not take a peerage, thus breaking through a custom of over a century's duration. The fact is, Mr. Peel's private means are not large,being about two thous- and a year, for the late Sir Robert Peel left nearly everything to his eldest son, the present baronet. As Mr. Peel has a family, be does not think himself , rich enough to accept a peerage. He may possibly accept the Grand Cross the Bath.

A gentleman who, after two years' absence in America, recently returned to Germany, gives a sad account of the change which has taken place in the appearance of Prince Bismrack. " His eye," he says,"has now lost every trace of fire and sparkle,h as become dim, bleary, and vacillating. His herculean frame has shrunk and shrivelled to a pitiful degree. His step is tottering and feeble. "He looks what he is—a man at tbe very end of his life, with every cord, every muscle, every nerve worn te the break- ing point, and it will be very surprising indeed if his physician permits him to take any part in the monster festivities, extending over an entire week, which have been organised to commemorate his 80th birthday."

There is now no doubt that Mr. Gully will be the Ministerial nominee for the Speakership. The honourable member for Carlitle was practically in- formed some days since that, in the event of Mr. Courtney not wishing to be put forward, he would receive the support of the Government. The choice is regarded as an excellent one, not only in the 'louse of Commons but outside, and especially in 'legal circles, where Mr. Gully is highly esteemed. Those who know him well are persuaded that he will make an admirable Speaker,as he equally com- bines the "suaviter in inodo " with the " fortiter in re" elements,which cannot fail to make an ideal president of the representative Chamber.

The Conservatives are daily becoming more closely banded into a solid body against the claim of the Liberal Unionist to the seat at Leamington. Mr. Balfour has already discovered that his .good, valued, and well-intentioned letter in favour of the Sueaker's son was written without a due know- ledge, or at least a due consideration of the facts, and it is more likely want of thought than want of knowledge that dictated it; and the determination of the Conservatives to run Sir Matthew White Rid- ley for the Speakership, to the complete extinction of Mr. Courtney's chances,makes,in Stock Exchange parlance, a deal with the Liberal Unionists im- possible.

It comes to this that the Tories want both the Speakership and the Leamington seat; and it will he an edifying spectacle,as to the depth and intrin- sic value of the Unionist alliance, 'if a Tory and a Liberal Unionist candidate are pitted against each other. It will furnish a fertile theme for some of Sir William Ilarcourt's most effective jokes. As I have always pointed out, the alliance would not be worth three months' purchase were it not cemented by the Anti-Rome Rule policy of the two political sections ; and the two controversies which are now raging between them will•leave seeds of bitterness behind which must bear fruit in time to come.

-- Mr. Francis Stevenson and the Anglo-Armenian Committee are completing the arrangements for the deputation to the Foreign Office. '1 he deputation will include a large number of members of Parlia- ment of all parties, and also influential men not in Parliament. Many both inside and outside Parlia- ment have been extremely anxious to speak out on 1 this question, and are convinced that nothing will I wake up the country so uPich as a vigorous and unqualified debate in the House of Commons. The return of Mr. Gladstone has been looked to with much hope by those interested in Armenia. It is now, as it has been for a year past, unlikely that Mr. Gladstone will again speak in the House of Commons. But it is confidently expected that when a favourable opportunity offers he will not be unwilling to make one more great speech on behalf of mercy and purity and humanity in Ow aat. If he were now to strike the blow, as only he can, which would set the poor Armenians free from this revolting and detestable tyranny, it, would nobly I crown the long list of Mr. Gladstone's services to the 1 suffering and oppressed.

--- The Liberal Unionists who attended Monday's meeting with regard to the speakership are very reticent as to the preceedings, but certain fasts have leaked out which throw much light on the neneral situation. It is certain that when the meeting began there was n'thing like unanimity as to the proposal to throw Mr. Courtney over, but Mr. Chamberlain carried his point by a speech which left do doubt in the minds of the members present that they were in face of a serious crisis. Unless I am misinformed, he went so far as to say that the alliance of the two sections of the , Unionists party was in imminent danger, and that it could only be saved by the concession which he proposed.

It is beyond all doubt that be usod language of the most vigorous order as to the possible results of a split over the Speaksrship. As the Liberal Unionist leader and the Conservative leaders have been in . frequent communication in the last few days, Mr. Chamberlain wilt have spoken with full knowledge of the facts. It is now evident that 1 when the Liberal Unionist leaders went the length of issuing a communication to the press last week by implication supporting Mr. Courtney's candida- ture they. presumed a little too far, and were glad tomake a hasty retractation. But the tension con- tinues, and it may yet have important results. Even if the arrangement between the leaders on the sub- ject ot the Leamington election is allowed to hold good it will not have the approval either of the lccal Conservatives or of the Conservative rank and file in the House of Commons, who make no secret of the fact that they are "sick of being dictated to" by Mr. Chamberlain. There is every indication, in fact, that the bulk of the Conservatives would rather welcome a rupture. .

===== 0002601_18950330_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CURB.

TTNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLMES' NIEXI- 1 n. CAN Prescriptien, is the only guaranteed Remedy or all those who sniffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality, kidney. bladder. gray!. prosta ,e and kindred complaints, and has stood the tett or 20 ears. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope too JO4F.PI/ IIuLMES' Remedy Cu., 81, on:sl•lzry N!.insions, try square. London, and get tullsartictilars ot this great itemedy ' !r e of charge.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

President Cleveland never wears gloves. Russian lovers send a daily present to their fiancees. Every day two hundred thousand cigars are smoked in London. Until the close of the seventeenth century it was al- most impossible to obtain female dancers as ladies would not dance in public., so young men and boys were habited as women and took the female parts. Max O'Rell says that the Australians eat seven times a day ; tea and bread and butter at ' seven breakhst at half-past eight, lunch at eleven, dinner at half-past one, tea at three, supper at six, and a nightcap at'ten. Tea is the standard drink, and there are few hours in the day when the teapot is not brought into requisition. Ouida is almost penniless. Despite the stupendous sums of money she has drawn by her books during the past 50 years, she has got through it all and now her house and all her property in Italy have been sold to pay her debts. Everybody in Florence knows her by sight. She is small, with a seamed and wrinkled face, overhung with grey ringlets, and is afflicted with a distinctly bad temper. Her grandfather was a Frenchman, but her mother was English, and she was born at Bury St. Edmunds, in Suffolk. She took her nom de guerrs of Ouida, from the childish pronounciation of her real name Louisa, by her little niece.

My DEARE9T NELLIE,

Most of the gre%t London shnpg are full of the newest spring fashions, buteandiclly I do nut think there are a great many novelties among them. However, there is some originality, and you will no doubt welcome a novel little tea-jacket, which Is one of the prettiest I have seen. It is made of heliotrope silk, draped with white or heliotrope crêpe de Chine) and trimmed with dark helio- trope velvet and j3t.

Skirts, I am thankful to say, are still comfort- ably short, but their width increases, it seems, day by day, and the folds are held out by all kinds of heavy and uncomfortable devices, from padding, of cotton.wool and horse-hair to steels. The mod- ish skirt, with it. organ-pipe pleats at the back, which stands out at the sides in big folds, requires very skilful cutting, and the amateur dressmaker who is not exceptionally clever is advised to oon- tent herself with a pattern a trifle less distinctly up to date. But if you want something really tasteful and at the same time up to date you should go in for this costume. The dress is of a dull blue cheviot serge, with yoke and cuffs of darker velveteen, the former outlined with skunk piping. The bodice is arranged In three box pleats from the yoke, front and baok, and the sleeves are of the new bishop type. A smart effect would be produced if cream or string coloured pointed guipure was substituted for the fur, the points inverted on the velveteen.

There la still plenty of variety in evening gowns. A very grace,ul one has a full, pain skirt of tur- quoise blue Braga line, and the corsage of white silk muslin over white satin, with trimmings and sleeves of hlue velvet many shades darker than the skirt. This colour would euib ”. fair woman to perfection, while a brunette could have amethyst or aprioot Be,;galine, with darker miroir velvet, or another pretty combination would be pale petunia or delita e rode•piok, with leaf-green velvet. IP

_ I see that crats are much shorter in the basque, and gain much by their abbreviation; they fit closely and trimly at Ow sides, too, in a way which exhibits a gout tigure to advantage. Indeed, for early spring v,,r it is difficult to imagine a smarter or mel. ,ii able costume than a coat of this shape in gr”-,liiin Venetian oloth, the basqne rounded off in front, and the revers, which are fatted with grey-blue velvet, showing a small vest of white cloth, fastened with steel buttons. The skirt is beat quite plain, 'and if the dress is worn with a toque that has a crown of yellowish fancy straw, a grey-blue velvet brim, and a trimming of wired wings of eiru lace and clusters of yellow crocuses or cowslips, the effect will be excellent. Some of the opting hats and toques are more charming than ever. ole of those that has taken my fancy most was of cerise straw, with black lace over the upturned brim. It was trimmed with black lase, shaded roses, and diamond and jet ornaments.

I am awfully " gone " on the now washing fabrics one is shown so many of. The variety is endless. The Wee, twills, with red and white striped patterns on light L,s tinii navy grounds, suggest seaside and yach ing rirr srnrs which would last well. The spotted brocades rn:ght be taken for silk, and so might many of the printed cambric's. I here are new strip( d washing env erials in delightful colours, suggestive of troney,ombed clothe; and a twill, with a check line in colour upon a white ground, has much to commend it on the score of freshneks. Wasl.ing poplins in iinanll checks, pink and brown and o ber mix. ures, aod wh,e cauthrics, with silky lines upon hem, wool! trske up into costumes for any eccasien in summer. B ack printings on colour disinguish the oottoux of to-day—an excellent Innovation, as are the silk spots in self-oolour or In contrast. Yours lovingly,

JIENNIIII.

The Empress Charlotte of Mexico,sister of the King of the Belgians, and first cousin of Queen Victoria' is said to be dangerously ill of pneumonia. Her death would, perhaps, be a happy release, as she has been hopelessly insane ever since her husband, who (were he alive) would now be heir-presumptive of the Austrian Crowns, was , shot in Mexico in 1867.

MOXON'S NURSERY; BOON (Unequalled for DESTROYING NITS, and PARAS in the HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. M 0 X 0 N, 252, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. fid. and le. per box. Post Free 71 and is. Mem mention this payer.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1895

..„- r ' • ...ci N,'<.--*l-,.;;,,,\FNLN"'N, // ~:-.----,>...,-x,,, „,. / i/i IP (,'..- 7,;;-.) le7 t, ~. %--- -:%- 4 % .• \ I-% i. ..1.r...1fl 16/ .1 \' - 6-ify c 1 '(/ . 2' / y ... ' ;4, , ~..„,_. ,f.' lA, ~)1,t,...:,,?,;.....> ~:.1 ,4. \. ___

•/,'..-7:-..••• 6-tr • ..-- / • / %/, --,---H, ' ''.•7: ), ; z . , f? ~, \,„.;,,--,-_,-.:,,:,,,,, / /7 1 -1 16-- --; - , ----,'---;----,--_-;-, „,// , , At p7,04:4-1,,.-41,,,, Ad/A„'/:,',',/---'-.T.,.,'';';_;_ \ i t\*.,•,,V,--,-,%,:,_',, ;„,/,E.\ o.:;;,\-,•;.,-,,.,•„-,,..,,.;-,?:.,?..-_-,, igi\,.'„/K2..: .4•;;),-;.z.,...::.-----4'-?,,,,,:---E-,:- ,0,,,\•:', , 41,a` •,,,....\:,_,;l/4\ ;,A,,?. ‘ 4‘...:' '1,.. ‘‘,/,`, s',:•',' V7//x-,(,-.•-!/,. ---.....fti.,....N.44,,,,, •. ---...,z..4..- -

. , .. .e ,aff ,g 1 i .:._. , , . 1,144 - ?7,t)-. ,t. '4C-_,,11,,,p i' ,--- 7 ~ „. ~..,„...: ~ ........ , _ _ • r' • ....., S. 14" ').. \ 1 lilfif 4 ‘WA\\ th ''''''\'‘\\'4: 4::.7.-/". //.1.11,\\\\.., \‘

===== 0002601_18950330_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
How Women Should Dress Their Hair.

The " Windsor Magazine" for March gives a number of useful hints from a well-known West-end hairdresser has to how women should dress their hair. Amongst other advice of interest and importance to women who study the latest and most becoming modes, he explains that "to wear the hair brushed right off the face demands a perfect forehead. If the forehead be very broad, the hair should be drawn tightly at the sides. If the back of the head be unduly developed, the hair should be slightly raised behind and dressed flatly. If the cheek bones are too prominent, fluff out the hair. For a large face, dress the hair high and broad, never narrow on top, and a girl with a face of this description and full,fat cheers should never wear a pointed fringe, which throws out and accentuates all her defects, increasing the heavi- neis of her natural appearance to the most unbecoming extent. For a very wide, well shaped forehead the hair should be softly turned back in the centre and fringe on each temple. If the forehead be less good, the centre piece may be waved and slightly puffed forward so as to improve its shape. A very hard and masculine face looks best perhaps with the hair cut short and curled. A girl with a pretty neck should, at least for the evening,dress her hair low en catogesn. A woman whose neck is short should give it length bv having her locks combed or twisted straight up at the back and arranged as high on her head as possible."

Eczema.

Eczema, or '• Tatter," as it is sometimes called, is the commonest of all skin diseases. It is, says " The Family Physician," an inflammation of the skin, at- tended with a watery discharge,which on drying,,stiffens the linen with which it comes in contact. It is always moist atsome period of its course, and may be regarded as a catarrh of the skin—a kind of bronchitis of the skin, in fact. It is generally constitutional, but may arise from purely local causes, and may even depend on the presence of some parasite, such as itch. It not in- frequently complicates or is associated with other skin diseases. It occurs on all parts of the body, but its com- monest seats are behind the ears, at the corners of the mouth, and on the head. It is cemmon at all ages, in- fants and young children being especially liable to it. It is said to be most prevalent in the spring and autumn ; bkut it is a chronic affection, and one meets with it all the year round. It may be brought on by anything that irritates the skin, especially when the constitution is debilitated. It generally begins in the form of slightly reddened patches, on which speedily appear minute watery heads or vesicles, which burst, leaving a - all thin crust of a bright yellow colour. In bad cases the patches are not only vividly red, but are swollen, and feel hot and tense. Sometimes the discharge is thick, and cakes almost as soon as it is poured out,form- ing nasty, unsightly scabs. After a time the patches may cease discharging, and this makes the complaint rather less easy of recognition; but on inquiry, it will be found that they used "to weep." When ecz-ma at- tacks the heod the viscid secretion mats the hairs togeth- aer'and keeps them wet, sticky,and entangled. All forms of eczema are apt to become chronic,and it is often an in- tractable and distressing affection. It is prone to recur after complete recovery, and at each return it becomes less amenable to treatment.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
" WITCHCRAFT " IN IRELAND.

ALLEGED HORRIBLE MURDER. A revolting crime is reported from Clonmel. A married woman named Cleary having mysteriously disappeared, a man named Simpson told the police that while in the house in which Mrs. Cleary, her husband, and her father, Patrick Boland, lived, he saw her subjected to frightful ill-treatment. A number of other men were in the house at the time, and from what he heard he cameto the conclusion that they thought Mrs.Cleary was a witch. In order to exercise the supposed witch, they held her over the fire until she was literally burnt to death. Her body was then removed from the house, and a police search party found it buried in ' a ditch some distance away. Her husband, her father, and nine other persons are now in custody charged with causing her death. At a special court held in Clonmel on Tuesday some remarkable evidence was given. The prisoners ihclude the husband and father of the deceased and a local herbalist. The evidence of a woman named Burke was to the effect that she was nursing the deceased, who suffered from nervous excitement and bronchitis. Her husband believed she was a witch and •ob-ained some herbs from a herbalist. While, the prisoners held the sick woman her husband forced her to take the herbs, and caused her to be held over a fire until, in the name of God, she declared that she was not his wife. The following night the proceedings were repeated, but the deceased refused to conform to her husband's requests, whereupon he knocked her down, stripped her, poured paraffin over her, and then set fire to her body with a lighted stick from the tire. She burned to death in the presence of six male and two female relatives, who did nothing to save her. They, however, remonstrated with the husband, who declared that he was not burning his wife but a witch, and that she would disappear up the chimney. He collected the charred remains in a sheet, and buried them in a dyke near his house, where they were found a week later by the police. The prisoners, who were remanded, were hissed and groaned at by an excited crowd.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
1-tomocea

Touches the 5'

I POT

Colds i n the Head

HOMOCEA used freely up , nostrils and drawn up by inspiration is a most wonderful and speedy cure, and should be used in the early stages. It is also a specific t, for post-nasal catarrh, and for Chil- blains, Chapped Hands, and other kindred terrors, it works like a charm. The proprietors of Homocea would like to know of any case where it fails to act. The Homocea Company, 21, Hamilton Square, Birkenhead. Sold by dealers gene- rally. Price is. i%d. and 2S. gd. 4. per box, or post free for is. 3d. z. and 3s. :::4;4•10.• 44;48'14#

A 41 #4. 14. ittti ,4 • X Art 4 4, 2•., ,v/ t / % * •'/ , A , - the .441 if 4, 1# #4, 44.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
16000P0E:

Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON by the executors of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN,;BRIbou-sTREET PHARMACY, RUN- CORN ;J. H WES roN, DEVONSHIRE BUILDING, RUN- CORN ;S. STRINGFELLOW, 1, COLLEGE-STREET, ST. RELFNS ; IMESSR‘. RETR AND I.FEDFI AM ; by E. Boom, 5, Oasis* Wows, Ouswis.

' _

===== 0002601_18950330_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Virc PARTED AT THE ALTAR;

Ly LAURA JEAN LIBBEY,

author of "A Mad Betrothal," "lone," "Parted by Fate,' " ploribet 8 Lover," etc., etc.

CHAPTER XIII.

WRIT I G LETTERS.

"I hope I have not done an imprudent thing in engagin,, this young girl," thought Mrs. Thornton, laying crown her book, and gazing thoughtfully out of the window. "There seems something strange about her—something I cannot quite comprehend. If ever there was a tragedy in a human face, there is one written in hers.' Then she dismissed the subject from her thoughts. She had sent for Doris to come to her boudoir as soon as he felt herself sufficiently rested; and in a short time Doris returned to her. It was quite noticeable to Mrs. Thornton how strange and ill at ease Miss Carlisle was in her presence. "I must set her at ease," she thought. "Dear me, this shyness is most uncomfortable." So she talked easily and kindly to Doris, until the white, startled face grew calm and still. " You shall write some letters for me after luncheon, Miss Carlisle," she said. "The first, and by far the most important of them all is to my son. He left home only this moening to be gone a fortnight, and it almost seems to me that he has been gone a week." In all her life, Doris never experienced more con- flicting emotions than when she wrote that letter which Frederick's mother dictated. Iler hands trembled so over the words "My dad ling Frederick," that she could scarcely hold the pen; but with a great effort she controlled herself, knowing that the eyes of his mother were regarding her curiously. "Your hand trembles, Miss Carlisle," she said, frowning. "Are you of a nervous temperament? I have a horror of nervous people." "I am not nervous," replied Doris, in a low voice. "Oh, I hope I have not annoyed you. I I was anxious to write the letter as nicely as I could.'' "One should always take the, greatest pains with .every duty one has to perform," said Mrs. Thornton. " Well, now that you have it fairly commenced, go on to say the house seems more than lonely to me without him • that I shall expect him home sooner than a fortnight, if he can adjust matters satisfactorily. "Say that the ball which we had arranged to take place on the 20th of this month, we shall set for the eighteenth. And last—and by far the most pleasing news for him—say that Vivian, his sweet- heart, is coming to spend a few days at the villa. That will bring him home quickly, if anything can." Of course, it was only her fancy, but Mrs. Thornton quite imagined that she heard a little, gasping cry. The dark head bent lower over the white page. She could not see Miss Carlisle's face. "Heaven help me! how can I write that!" thought Doris restraining the bitter tears that threatened to fall and blot the page. "Oh, God! how can I, his wife—who love him so—write those words !" • She had not thought of facing such bitter heart pangs as this, when she entered her husband's home in disguise, accepting the position of com- panion to his haughty mother. "You write slowly, Miss Carlisle," said Mrs. Thornton, frowning impatiently. "You heard what I dictated last, did you not? The sentence was, Miss Courtney, his fiancée, is to spend a few days with us." Making a desperate effort at self-control, Doris ,penned the words, and they seemed to dance -in a mist before her eyes. She longed, with a bitter longing she could hardly repress, to cry out: "Vivian Courtney can never marry your son, cold, proud lady, for he is already wedded, and to me." What would Mrs, Thornton have said had she known that this young girl sitting so quietly by her side Was her idolised son's wife—bride to her brilliant, habdsome young heir—whom !the loved as she loved no one else on earth, and who had been parted from her bridegroom at the very altar, as it were. At last the letter was -finished, sealed and directed. Doris could have bent her head and kissed the envelope, for she knew it would rest in his hands; those dear, strong, white hands, that had thrilled her heart to the very core as they had clasped hers on that memorable wedding night, as she stood with him, so cold and awed and fright- ened, before the altar. The rest of the letters can remain until after

luncheon." Doris had not heard the remark; she was think- ing how fortunate it was that Frederick Thornton had never seen her writing. Mrs. Thornton was just about to speak again, when she, was interrupted by the sudden entrance of Isabel and Ge-endolin Thornton. Doris raised her eyes in breathless anxiety to see what Frederick's sisters were like. Cold and proud, like their haughty mother. She saw that at a glance; but despite this, her heart gave a strange thrill as Isabel Thornton glanced toward her with eyes so startlingly like her brother's. "My daughters, this is Miss Carlisle, my new - companion," said the mother, languidly. Both young ladies bowed coldly to Doris, then seemed to ignore her presence completely. Doris rose to leave the room. "You need not go," said Mrs. Thornton; and Doris resumed her seat. Their whole conversation was about the coming ball, and about their brother. • "I shall be so glad to see Frederick settled in life at last," murmured his mother. "I have al- ways been in great fear lest he should fall in love with some girl—a nobody with a pretty face and marry her dn the impulse of the moment ; he is so very impulsive." "I believe, even in that case, you would have forgiven him, mamma," laughed Gwendolin, lightly ; "you idolize him so." Mrs. Thornton drew herself up to her fullest height. "Knowing my principles as well as you do, you surprise me by uttering such a remark, Gwendolin," she said, severely. "Much as I love him, that is I the one thing that I could never have forgiven my men—marrying beneath him. I would disown him in the moment I heard of such an act of folly. He should never inherit one dollar of the Thornton estate. I would rather see him lying dead at my feet than married beneath him." "You are pleased with Vivian," smiled Gwen- " The desire ohms heart will be gratified when my son marries Vivian Courtney," replied later mother. "She is beautiful, an heires to a million. in her own right, and is a lady by birth and education. She is in every way fitted to become Frederick's bride. Why should I not be pleased'?" Doris's heart turned cold as she listened. Every word cut her heart like the thrust of a dagger. She could have cried aloud as the words fell, clear, distinct and cruel, from those cold,

- . . proud lips. She had treasured the wild hope in her poor, hungry heart that she might be able by a world of patience and endurance to win her way at last to Frederick's mother's heart; now she saw how futile had been that wild fancy. It could never be done —never while the sun shone or the grass grew. How little hope there was for her, after all. Her bowed head dropped lower and lower. Mrs. Thornton noticed it. "You look tired, Miss Carlisle," she said. " Per- haps you would like to walk out in the grounds; the air is refreshing." Doris gladly availed herself of the opportunity. Out in the solitude of the grounds, when quite shut out from the view of the open windows by the interlacing trees, Doris threw up her white arms with a bitter cry to Heaven: "Oh, I can never endure it 1" she cried. "It would drive me mad mad. I thought I was stronger, but, no, my heart is breaking. After I have looked upon Frederick's false, handsome face I will go quietly away." The words had scarcely died away on her lips ere she beheld a sight which made her catch her breath with a startled cry. A young girl in a white mull dress, carrying a white parasol in her hand edged with Oriental lace, came swiftly up the path. It was Vivian Courtney. Would Vivian recognise her, despite the dark, disguising stain on her fair face and golden hair? It was a moment of intense suspense to Doris. Her heart beat in great stifling throbs, and terror deepened in her blue eyes. With desperate hands she clung tightly to the marble surrounding the fountain. Nearer, nearer Vivian approached, eyeing in- tently the slender, girlish figure standing by the ,iouni.ain. :Caen; was something strAuxtsly id.iiiiliar

===== 0002601_18950330_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
about her, yet, looking into thd dark face, Vivian did not recognise her. With quick steps she passed Doris by and went on to the house. t' I am safe!" muttered Doris, drawing her breath hard. "She does not know me." She looked after Vivian, the graceful, haughty beauty, the belle of the seminary in that other life which seemed so far behind her, whom Frederick Thornton loved. Young, an heiress, the idol of both parents' and lover's heart—ah, what more had life to offer her! So much had been given to Vivian, while to her had been given—nothing. She asked herself why God had distributed His gifts so unfairly. Even the love that would have crowned her life and made this poor earth a heaven to her, had been taken from her and given to Vivian, the beauty. And, standing there in the red glow of the sun- light, the words of the poet came to her— "No one could tell, for nobody knew, Why love was made to gladden a few; And hearts that would forever be true Go lone and starved the whole way through:"

"But for her he might have loved me," sobbed Doris, and the pangs of jealousy, more bitter to endure than death; swept through the girl's heart. Slowly she walked back to the house, and up to Mrs. Thornton's boudoir; that lady was in the best of spirits. "I am glad you are here, Miss Carlisle," she said. "I want you to go to the apartments that have been set apart for Miss Courtney's use, and see that they are in readiness for her. See that fresh flowers a e put in the vases, and this portrait of my son Frederick placed on the mantel."

CHAPTER XIV. LIFE IS TOO HARD TO BEAR. DORIS took the portrait and turned away. Mrs. Thornton must not see the deadly pallor that stole over her as her eyes rested on that handsome face. Out in the corridor, beyond the gaze of his mother's eyes, poor Doris gave full vent to her pent-up feelings. "He was hers," she cried out, covering the por- trait with passionate kisses. "No one else had a right to love him. The picture belonged in her room—not Vivian's." Doris carried out Mrs. Thornton's instructions faithfully—all save placing Frederick Thornton's portrait on Vivian's mantel. That she carried to her own room and hid it securely from all prying eyes (never dreaming of the cruel consequences that would accrue from that rash act), there to worship it in secret. Poor Doris I Despite the fact that she believed her husband had wilfully and deliberately deserted her, she still loved him; there was something half divine in its intensity. During the next few days of Vivian's stay at Thornton Villa Doris avoided her as much as possible. A bitter pang of jealousy shot through her heart that she could neither subdue nor con- trol, as her eyes rested upon her rival. It seemed to Doris that Vivian was growing more beautiful each day. It was little wonder that Frederick Thornton loved her. Gay, piquant Vivian could count lovers by the score. They were. all so fond of Vivian at Thornton Villa it made Doris's heart ache to Eee it. She had had such wild, vain hopes of coming to Frederick's home and winning her way to the hearts of his mother and sister ? Before she had been in that aristocratic household a week she knew her dream would never be realised. One afternoon, while she was reading to Mrs. Thornton, a telegram came. "It is from my son," said his mother, laying it down with a pleased smile. " Will you oblige me, Miss Carlisle, by going to find Isabel and Vivian, and telling them Frederick will be with us this evening ? I think you will find them in Vivian's room. They were there reading not half an hour since. Why, how white you look, Miss Carlisle I Are you ill ?" she asked in wonder. "You seem dazed !" "No, no!' murmured Doris, striving to hide her intense excitement and piteous confusion ; "the room is so warm !" "And I think it extremely cold for this season of the year," replied Mrs. Thornton, im- patiently. Doris never knew how she left the room. The ceiling, the floor, the cold, proud face of Frederick's haughty mother seemed to whirl around her. She remembered nothing until she found herself in the broad corridor. She could not go to Vivian's room yet. She must sit down and try to collect her scattered senses—try to still the trembling that had seized her. Frederick was coming home. In a few short hours he would be there, and beneath his mother's roof he would meet the bride he had so cruelly deserted. Yet her disguise was so perfect he would not recognise her ; Vivian had not. "I am growing dazed, as Mrs. Thornton says," she murmured. I had almost _forgotten to deliver her message." Still trembling, she moved on down the corridor, and standing at the western window, she saw Isabel Thornton and Vivian. She walked up to them like one in a dream. Vivian turned her head haughtily, and looked at the shin, dark figure who had stopped beside her in surprise. Evidently she was not pleased with this interruption of the conversation she was having with Isabel. Then poor Doris made the first fatal mistake of her life. "Frederick is cooing here," she said. "He will be here this evennig.' The sound of her own voice seemed so hoarse and unnatural Doris could never have recognised It herself. Isabel Thornton gazed at her in astonishment, not unmixed with dismay. The familiar way in which her mother's companion spoke of her brother Frederick amazed her. In that instant Doris saw her almost fatal mis- take, and hastened to repair the great error. "These were your mother's words," she said, shrinking back confusedly. "I repeated her message in her own words.' And turning away before Isabel Thornton could find her voice, she fled down the corridor again. "A droll creature," laughed Isabel, turning to her companion. "There seems to be something so mysterious and strange about her." "I have been thinking the same thing myself," returned Vivian, with a merry laugh. "She re- minds me of someone whom I have seen; but I cannot think who, to save my life. She is pretty, too, with a strange, weird sort of gipsyish beauty. I never remember seeing before such deep blue eyes, with such a complexion and jetty hair. Do you know the fancy conies to me that I have seen that girl before 2" "She is hardly worth discussing, my dear Vivian," said Isabel, yawning, "Yet, strange to say, our Trixy is quite fond of her." That afternoon, an hour later, Doris suddenly encountered Vivian at the door of her room, as she was passing by. "I was just wishing that I could see yon," said "I have a little favour to ask of you. Would you mind coming into my room and help- ing me a little with my toilet? I—l wish to look particularly nice this afternoon." A fierce, bitter pang shot through Doris's jealous heart. She knew but too well why Vivian Court- ney desired to look so particularly nice on this eventful evening; it was because Frederick Thorn- ton was expected home. Silently she followed Vivian into her room, half a dozen of the beauty's prettiest dresses were lying across the bed; she had evidently been inspecting them. "Not one of them seems to please me to-day," declared Vivian. "I would like you to exercise your good taste by judging for me. Do you think this cream lace, with great clusters of deep-red passion roses at the belt, would be most becoming? or do you fancy I would look hest in that rose-pink mull? or the Nile green silk, with the white lace, on the back of that chair by the window?" "There seems to be little choice between the three, Miss Vivian," said Doris, in a hard, con- strained voice. "I think the cream lace will be more attractive," said Vivian, reflectively. " Will you kindly assist me a little with the looping on the left side—it has come out." Doris bowed her head and took up the dress. Ah, how beautiful Vivian would look in it she well knew. How admiringly the eyes of Frederick Thornton would rest on her—she would wear it to be attractive to him—and the thought was very bitter to Doris. How radiant Vivian looked when she stood before the mirror dressed! The cream lace dress, which showed every line of her exquisitely slender, graceful figure to the fullest advantage; the round white arms, bare to the elbows, were encircled by ruby bands that sparkled like coals of fire whichever way she turned; a necklace of rubies encircled her fair, white throat, and a dazzling butterfly, with gold and ruby wings, caught back her dark curls. Her cheeks were flushed, and her eyes glowed.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
"You have a wonderful tact tor arranging oris'e toilet, Miss Carlisle," said Vivian, critically survey- ing the effect in the mirror, and smiling—"yots have missed your vocation, 'I think. You ought ' to have been a lady's maid instead of a companion How Doris longed to turn to her and cry out: "You are mistaken. Heaven never intended me for one or the other—but for what I am—Fred- erick Thornton's wife." "I shall remember your kindness in assisting me,'. said Vivian, loftily, "and to-morrow I will look over my wardrobe and see if I can pick out some- thing!or you, Miss Carlisle ; you are very clever--; very. "Do not trouble yourself, I beg of you," said Doris, stiffly. "I would accept nothing—nothing whatever from your hands." A sudden thought seemed to strike the petted young heiress. "Perhaps you would not be averse to take money, then, Miss Carlisle. I wish to show MY appreciation in some substantial manner." Doris recoiled quickly. "No, no," she answered, huskily. accept a penny from you." And she hurriedly quitted the room ere Vivian could reply. "Was there ever such an odd, strange little creature ?" murmured the heiress. "Yet, there ill something about her that quite fascinates me in spite of myself." She went down to the drawing-room to join Isabel and Gwendolin, and thought no more of the little companion with the dark hair. Meanwhile, Doris was in her own room, sobbing as though her heart would break. How she wished that she had never come to stately, cold, proud home. It was too late to undo it now. She must live through it, let it be what it might. Oh, if Heaven would but help her! The only wish just at that moment in her heart was, that ; she could turn her face to the wall and die—dielf.' even though he would be there in a few shoril hours, sad the desire ot her heart—to look one - more on his face—be granted. She would like to kneel, with the portrait; clasped close to her heart, by her white bed Or die there. It mattered little to her what they would think or say when they came, and found oar dead. Frederick would hear of it. And perhaps )113 would come and look upon her face, understand all, and recognise her and feel sorry ; and, iu sorrow, bend and kiss her death cold. lips. Ile would know she died because she could not live without him. .

~/ could nob

===== 0002601_18950330_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
( To be continued).

SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN. I will send a valuable. instructive, and highly interestinv! book which eve,y woman would be glad to ~11,'10 Contains important and confidential advice and tells married and single how to keep healthy and avoid anxieties so so distresfing to the sex. Sent free, seen°

eated, for one sta,Lp to cover postage. ..race Annasee : Protessor E. LASALLE, 17, Eastbourne Pad dington, London. W.

4. That line full of clothes is perfectly clean, MATCHLEqS CLVA.NSBR'S been used, that is easily Beg]; . MORE REMARICABLe CURES OF ASTHMATIC AND CONSv Do' TIVE COUGHS AND THROAT AND CHEST DISEASES BY .10. COCOCE'S PULMONIC WAFP RS. Mr. Johnson, 1.I.P•l4" lets Meanwood Road, Leeds, writes :—" I recommend the in cases of Asthmatic and Censumptive Coughs, with ;t mose benefical results ; and I also consider them the medicine for all Throat and Chest Diseases." Asthma. 00t7,, sumption,Bronchitis Coughs, Colds. Shortness of Bre4o/ Phlegm. Pains in the Chest, and Rheumatism, are installo relieved and ravidly cured by Dr. Locock's Wafers, Wlll5, taste pleasantly. Sold at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., and per box, by all Druggists —4dvt. (4)

===== 0002601_18950330_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
ck 3 110

GIVE EASE AND COMFORT DURING TEHTIIIO. Plea.ant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Age°' Try them and prove their value tor yourselves. fr 0 Sold everywhere in packets, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d., or P°9" e 14 or 34 stamps, J. PRITCIIARD, CHEMIST. CIIEADLE, MANCHESTER (late Chorlton-road')

CADBURYS' COCOA.—" A suitable food alike f*r builfg up the growing body, and for repairing the waste whic incidental to all processes of life."—" Health."

00 SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPT- ski° To Cure Eczema, oly Eruptions, Irritation,ro. 0(1 pies, Blotches. Bad Legs and sores, OULLWICK'S SKIN OINTMENT end 131J°op NJ TABLETS. WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION ;. Pottier Ointment or Tablets, Is. lid., from all post free Is. 31.. from MARTIN. Chemist, Soutnsn3P' Agents I BOOTS, Cash Chemists, Warrington. -1 SPEAKMAN 27. Bridge-st.. Runcorn.

- - Ram., IMPORAITIES IN THE BLOOD.—" We ha4e seen hosts tll oe from people who have received great benefit trom Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly est'.Tties• or it cleanses and clears -the blood from all intru;ol,l3, This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor. OP goes on further to say: 'lt is the finest Blood Purifilb tg, science and skill have brodglit to light, and we cart vliod utmost confidence recommend it to our subscriber, 11,46' public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczerna• OOP :Ain and Blood Diseases. Pimples awl Sores of its effects are marvellous. Thousands of TestiM4. per ' Clarice's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere, at 211..Zates bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and Advt.

-pATVA RUPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODN,ND'S tea. ruussEs, the most comfortable truss ever inveri-v.Scl; boon to wearers, hrriug no spring at back. Single, tt Double 12s. Carriage paid. Send size in inebe; WOODEND. Chemist. 22. Pitt-street, Liverpool.—Adol

.------- 005 AfT CYCLES ! Marvello. Prices. One year's 0 01111 rite tor our 1895 illustrate.ooo f new and st-oond-band PneAti 01' .nd Cushion SAMETC3S fins"ta 01 CYCLitS, post fre Basl AJEtITInIf CYCLE MANI/F.OOW- -IYerpool.

Tii E PLAGUE OF LOI

"Little Cough," _

THE RUIN OF HEALTH: - A '' Little Cough' THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A '• Little Which Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATO .41 HALL'S LUNG RESTORER FOR INFIOsir Registered AND ALL Ciligto/ LUNG 14P' RESTORER COM ULM.' ik 1,0 Never Fails. It POSSESSES TOOO LUNG to Soolitri. Hgj.ts SI HEAL, which ex RESTORER other preparation. Fon, COUGHS COI LUNG on RESTORER 4 to Cl' Never Falls. It NEVER . INSTANT HO LUNG ' 00 RESTORER THE FIRST 1)- IS A so0T1111:&00° LUNG LIMN TO TO il RESTORER Ege INDUCES LUNG RESTORER Calm and R NOT orit efrecire Never Fails DOES 0u 0, LU" •-.11"" ,r6J Fon ViIICY-- Co' . RESTORER , vv A en' LUNG IT ACTS L'„•"-- * Children Bile RESTORER 01 Never Fails ONE lozo• HALL'S mg 40 01°. LUNURESTORER PROVES I-- ylI vp Registered ESTABLISH.' GIVES iNSTANT NEVER 1" LS, IrAt RELIEF. FAILS. -- EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITOI Do'groAY_Cl:9s. Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Horne tor 0,!! h., pier DIL testify to the great benefit derived from thTo Mr. THO 9. HALL.—" DEAR.: of Y°.6,drea chi' i RESTORER, which I kayo given my Home—in two cases particularly its e1'610,11 De loos, haying cured most obstinate Cougll,. to recommend it to all my friends." °leaf --- CAUTION.—When you ask, ask for a :30 ~ticeteo. e PoVe rt . LUNG RESTORER. .n't be persuaded else. Upon the outside wrapper a ever_9goo b ,pprara my Trade Mark (the figure of 11"74,a3. Beware of fraudulent Imitations and innova!* e Sold by Chemists and Stores everyvina"; A, 1 is. 1... d. and 2s. 9d. Should there be e4eBipt °VI obtaining', it will be sent carriage P•dd. °a ' • QOOO o • I 1•0 Y ITII tut, from TILOS. HALL. 24 ..i.r..et,....,,—,A,..

w from 10s. monthly.—B 45, Everton-rod, Liv

wntbt le , tfle die So a 0111 li4j t• oo° of 011111 •q, 105 (jr4. sOrriP • A' oel $6l DO it rtorA rtv'of 3 P 1 1.109 01,0 010* 00,d 4 Sikr 11 ilit'fall. 0 '

===== 0002601_18950330_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
With Or- dinary Postage tip to

2-15 a.m.

4-0 a.m.

t-15 a.rn

5-30 a.m.

6 -30 a.m..

8-55 a.m.

'9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

3.1.10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a,in.

12 Nooa 1-53 1-50 Pin

1-0 p.m.

1-25 1.40 p.m.

P.m. e-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

343 pan. 3-15 p.m. 4-o p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-4 o P.m. 5.45 P.m.

" P.m.

6-15 P.m 9-30 p.,. 4-30 Pan. 11-15 Pin

===== 0002601_18950330_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Newton-)e-VV Widnes, Appleton, Parnworth Ditton, Penkth, Preston Brook Prodslxam, Helsby, Daresbury

and Moore' - Ikappenhall, __Heatley Heath,

Newchureb,Croft, Padgate , Stotock ton Hes,tk, Stretton, Warburton, _ . .

and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchor Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Boxtou, Yorkslnr N r_thr

urnberland, Durham, Sr S.-East Lancashire . • London, Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South Wales

and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh ManChestcr, part a North Wales, and reland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West Ellygland, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Orrnskirk, St Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, South vv ales, S.-West oi Eng-

land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk,, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wre, ham, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury . Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, k Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath,& Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St. Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester Grappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, We Cumberland, Wigan,Manehest Peterborough, and East Lincol shire Town Delivery Preston, West Cum berland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle a Man, & Glasgow Night Mail Despatch. All Parts... London, Midlands, S.-Eastern & South Counties, & Foreign

===== 0002601_18950330_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A Bd'sj, (D. I,

===== 0002601_18950330_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
pas, re to. tM ga so CO..

===== 0002601_18950330_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DESPAICIIES. Showb, a-rg the time to which a letter can he posted with Ordi• -3' l'"tage. and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Poe— Y e. 5-0

Extra id. Stamp.

10.30 ~

===== 0002601_18950330_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 Pan.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
4-30 ~ 5-30 14-0 "

8

llrt-Opr *Ashtoies Swtuinbwahicaiwt".o: Lowton '''' ............... *WargraN;; .............................

WEEK-DAYS. 1045 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. _and 6-20 p.m.

6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 15 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

BoxEs— ;-,',Tw Lane N ceitwtr °4.1 eClott cs° oOntu s .rse 4:7 vL1:0 rnu aGte oi or Bnrd al ne .. L‘;`..,vo) olborne reet et. , L L,capel . (.";41ar °flunc'n ''''''' s_a Lowto Sole Station) Vol ".'d AS__bf cart v,„ On rtonw “tage rovi deuce Place).

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. B&.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5. 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 &

_ 7 p.m. 6-40 pan. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 6-30 a rn. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

?p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLL WS:— To Callers

t4and /,,,;r7a,er, Ireland, Scotland, Vril4°n alaer odaham. tte

-- ~e South IR---- .4, Helsbv, .1c Lvinm ..... •• ooauchester S.:Cast 'Lancashire, I°l:l,shlrt; Dui :iani Noi thum- r,,"el%and and Lii,eol.,;l‘i re ,ueriter, 'Liverpool, Birkenhead, kirk Southport,Preseot, Wigan, °fina- l. . VVicines & Earlestown ilidl„.„-40nclon, Foreign and the South and Counties' & South Wales -r,eBtorton'le-Wil, NG rib Ltineasi,ri.. New "'uivis, St. Helena, and London and Foreign, South, S.- a ilstern, nd :Vinland Counties 14pAc48r ~.e, 'Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- r„--"a4gove . wales and Ireland .", Preston, Wigan, Man' 7r _cheater' Bolton & Chester dorl. and Poii :egn South, S - alastern, MidlAnd, Northern, ~, Itastern Counties, & Lancashire ,rott, padgate. woolston, Stockton ~„ lieatil, and Stretton E'6'Wlln a Foreign, South, and S - lstern Counties .. ""•" '' s.—

p

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10 45 „

14CEI”1", HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. ill. .4-55 a,m 10-30 a.m

Ni.. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

? at tr ,cwe lens itasrele4tesPrsa.tche m cl. fro the Receiving Office at Earle's- te tira 4t 9 kaki. and 6 pan. ; from all Sub-Offices at the same

By POBtMeLI.

11-30 a.m.

1 i' 3-15 tn.

6-45 a.m.

J 7-0 a.m. Next day.

uudy v'ontier,, how the Pearson Pottery Company cei IBT• 0.4 100 pieces of crockery for one guinea NI di Get a post card at once, and send for list. A beauti- 3cc. t service, a china tea service, jugs, tasins, dishes ettin. eZ • Rverytodv pleasurably surprised, All for one POTrE. IT you wish to save money, write to the PEARSON " Co., Hanley, for farticulara.-,-Adrt,

1 o , (• • , , v $ • 1 01 cio ,i,vs.' olv- ro' -0. ,AIS 111, i' 1, ,(Isils, tO re '100) 0 , PI dAVO ' '7.olillii a 00 i Ine or 010 ,d, Aottl ' 0. It,1,11; foc,T,Oir °filet , AlLamename6„...._

===== 0002601_18950330_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
1.11-30 „

1.11-45 ~ } 12-0

12-15 p.m.

2-15

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
''eso ;IiZA

===== 0002601_18950330_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
510, rS. 1,0•01) gf 5 f ill

===== 0002601_18950330_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
COV 0044 A OP•

===== 0002601_18950330_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'tog. )NT! Fir

===== 0002601_18950330_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ooTO

===== 0002601_18950330_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
).- VO° jobro

===== 0002601_18950330_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
!With Extra Halfpenny Stamp up to

===== 0002601_18950330_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No ax

===== 0002601_18950330_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INo extra

===== 0002601_18950330_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-45 p.m

===== 0002601_18950330_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.as

===== 0002601_18950330_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW HE SAVED £3O. A LEEDS MAN'S EXPERIENCE.

[FROM THE LEEDS EXPRESS.] Few people realize how much cheaper prevention of a disease is than seeking a cure. 'Mr. James Smith, of 33, Harold-street, Queen's-road, Leeds, for many years a member of one of the finest police forces ha the country, realizes it. Bet for the timely action he took in a recent emergency, he would have been at the present time a confirmed invalid, cringing at the approach of cold weather and walking abroad on the sunshiny days only by means of sticks or crutches. Long rides ;n the cold, with damp rugs for cushions, had undermined his con- stitution. A stiffeess, and :afterwards a pain, in his legs made it inconvenierr, fer him to move, and his move- ments were so painful that he was unable to work. In spite of care the pains became worse, until finally he was unable either to sit or to move about with ease. Seeing that he was getting steadily worse, he called in no less than four medical gentlemen, as he was then confined to his bed. He could not lie, sit, or stand without the most intense pain, and the footsteps of his wife or attendant on the .floor of the room caused him to writhe with agony. •The doctors informed him that he was suffering from sciatica, and that he would be a little better in warm weather. He was so, but last November the attack returned. Remedy after remedy was tried .1 hesuffered ,entold agonies. His other spell in addition to all the pain, hid cost him at least £3o,and the thought that he was about to experience a repeti- tion of all this almost drove him mad. He could mil; go upstairs on his halide and knees. However reading of them in a local newspaper, his wife advised him to try a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. He had reached that stage when he cared not what he took, and had the same lack of faith in everything. His wife having purchased a box, and one night before going through the painful ordeal of ascending the stairs, he took two of the Fills. Next morning he felt no pain while dressing, but moved very cautiously lest it should come upon him suddenly. Haying descended the stairs without any pain he gained name courage, and com- menced to walk to and fro on the kitchen floor. A few minutes afterwards his wife, to her surprise, heard him shout to her to come and see him jump over a chair. Although at 'first she could hardly credit the fact, she was forcd to the belief that her husband was reallV cured. Throughout the day he hardly felt aay pain at all, and at night upon returning horns he took two more of Dr. Williams' Pills. From that tim until the present ha has never had the slightest pain, and althoueli he has taken only two boxes of the Pills, he was able to follow his employment during the late unpreeedentedly severe weather., without the slightest fear of his old complaint. " They are only 2s. 9d. a box," said he to a representa- tive (Attie Leeds Express," and they are well worth 2s. 9d. a pill." Three or four of his friends who suffered from the same complaint,have benefited from Iris experi- ences,and wherever he goes he recommends Dr. Williams' Nair Pills for Pale People. Ihey are one of the greatest modern medicines, a perfect blood builder and nerve restorer, and an unfailing cure for Influenza and its after .effects, rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, partial paralysis, prostration, dze. They restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex ; while in the ,cases.of men they affect a radical cure in all cases aris- ing from mental worry, overwerk, or excess. These Pills are sofa by all chemists, or post free from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 48, Holborn-viaduct, London, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 91. Never sold loose : substitutes in this form are useless and fraudulent. The wooden box must be in s. pink wrapper with fug7 •name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION OF

BINDS.

In connection with the above association a meeting was held on Tuesday evening in the committee-room of the School Attendance Offices, the chair being men- pied by Mr. Thomas Armstrong, the band master (in the absence of Mr. T. J. Down, who had been announced to preside).

===== 0002601_18950330_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TER ,CORPORATION SUBSCRIPTION.

The Hon. Secretary (Mr. Jwseph Taylor) said that as a result of this application the Corporation had kindly in- creased their subscription or this year from £2O to £5O. (Hear, hear, and applause.) There would be no more collecting in the park, but they could do so tor the In- firmary and any charitable object if they chose. It was ! suggested that the performances should commence on , Easter Sunday, April 14th, and finish on september 29th. There would be 55 performances at a cost of £5O 17s. The coat for the Sunday performance would be 1255. for each band, and 12s. 6d. for the week-night per- formances. There would be 15 more performances this ! year than last year. It was, he believed, intended to , straighten up OE open spaces about the town, and that performances should be giv3n at Howley and Orford Ward, although he (the speaker) believed the spaces would not be ready in time. There would, of course,be performances in the park. The public would get plenty for the L5O. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman thought the Corporation had acted handsomely in the matter. (Hear, bear.) A question arose as to the payment of bands, and Mr. Gorton contended that a band had no right to take in members outside of its dkvin band to make up the number to 25. The Chairman replied that sometimes a member of a band was sick and unable to attend, and a substitute had to be found. One or two members of the , association supported this view of the Chairmati, and it was pointed out that if substitutes were not allowed, some bands would probably be unable to give perform- ances. At the request of Mr. Gorton, the Hon. Secretary read a previous minute which had been passed to the effect that" borrowed assistance w0..41d not be recognised." Itavas then decid,ql to commence the season on Easter Sunday, the first performince to be gi veil by the Volun- teer Band. Arrangements were made as to the successive order in which other b :nds should play.

FOOTBALL.

riIIICKIUER3 should acquire the •• Pocket Diary and ‘...1 Companion "issued by the well-known Bports Maim- facture,, tleorg-: G. Bussey k Co., Peckham, London. All the information Cricketers require is found therein, as welt as the usual Diary, yet it will go in the waistcoat pocket Leather bound, gilt edges, 6d., postage id. It you are 110 t satisfied 0-. 0. B. Sc Co. will return the price.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLCOCK'S

WEA. lieved and generally cured by the use of

PLASTERS. They sustain the part where applied, and are warming, soothing, comforting in the highest degree. Use for Bron. chitis, Lumbago, Rheuma- tism, and wherever and whenever pain is felt.

Of all Chemists from 111 i to 2216 each

• The Liverpool Select Vestry passed a resolution on Tuesday requiring contractors for the supply of goods to sign an undertaking to pay the current wAgeS and obsf rve the recognised hours of work in the town and district ; al::o not to sign or sublet contracts directly or indirectly. qoduoTnEns. —Mrs. Whislow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for tikeir children while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the ptsor sufferer immediAely. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural ipilet sleep. by relieving the Milli+ hem no. and the bottle cherub await, s '•a bilght a 6 a button." Of al Chemists. Is. Ito. per bk.ttle.—Ada. The grand jury at the Cenral CriminA Court on Tuesday returned a, true hill the M.t:quis of Queensberr3 for alleged libel on Mr. 06Cat Wilde.

„:„...........-..........,,,..i.,,,,....,..............,- a %hat Mere! tt) f 4 i t kk, I # ” ~....•:. \ pi 1 1 "N", 1-.';‘,,,,,, Of ~.,7:11 oir( : ~ 11).,l # # • ~ ~,0 1 iPi . 1 ''' ' ' IC BACK c. # _ ft I t / 4, 4 f . # t ii , f 4 +4 .0 „ti..........„,.........,..........,

===== 0002601_18950330_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, • SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1895.

ItUGBY.

WARRINuTON v._ LEIGH.

These two teams met on Saturday to fulfil their second engagement of the present season. The first meeting of the club took place on the first Saturday in December at Leigh, it being the first match which Leigh engaged in, after suspension. On that occasion, Leigh won by the narrow majority of a try to nil. The garneon Satur- day was consequently expected to be of a somewhat close character, and this it proved to be. Good play was, however, out of the question, fat about two hours before the time advertised for the kick off., the rain Came down in torrents,and continued during the whole of tho match. The result was that the ground was nearly satu- ated and sodden, and it was difficult to k.tep a proper foothold. Notwithstanding .these drawbacks, the game was at times very exciting, the players adapting them- selsTs to the condition, arid playing the rushing game. The Leigh team were very late in arriving, and as a re- sult,we game was commenced three-quarters ot an hour late, and only two thirties were played. Mr. Eagles, of Manchester, acted as reteree, and the following were the players comprising the two teams Warrington Boscow, full back; Barber, Moores, Heesom and Burton, three-quarters; John T. Bate and Houghton. half-hacks; Turner, Jolley, Callaghan, Saun- ders, Thorniley, Taylor, Berry and Bailey, forwards.— Leigh; Coop, full back ; Walwork,anderton, Price and Guest, three-quarters ; Officer and Taylor, half-backs ; Mac Masters, Roberts, P. Taylor, Smith, Cheetham Pemberton, France and Shaw. Turner winning the toss decided to defend the pavi- lion goal, and Warrington had during the first half the assistance of the wind. Leigh kicked off,and Houghton securing by a good run and judicious kick found touch on neutral ground. Heesom was next prominent by a break away,and Warrington quickly ecame aggressive, Coop stopping a dangerous rush of the home forwards. A mull was made in a tolerably favourable position, but Burton failed to put it over the bar, only a minor resulting. Following this let off, Officer made a good run which Burton brought to an end near the half way flag. Jolley, nowever, gained all the lost ground for • Warrington,by wriggling through his opponents,and but for Coop, the consequences would have been serious for Leigh, he causing a knock forward, and thus causing a scrimmage to be ordered. This scrimmage was decidedly in favour of Warrington, and 'Houghton getting up the ball, romped over the line. Great was the chagrin of the Warrington spectatsrs, when for some informality, the referee instead of awarding a try, only allowed a five yards' scrimmage, which Leigh screwed well and for a time averted danger. Burton a few moments later was floored on the line, and for a time the ball kept bob- bing jest on the wrong side of the Leigh line, none of the Warrington players having sufficient luck to put it over. The prolonged attack was at length repulsed and play was a little more even. Moores roused the enthu- siasm of the spectators by a fine run and equally good pass W Heesom, but the latter's course was too much blocked to be able to make much headway, and he was tackled at the quarter flag. Leigh made another spurt, and Roberts broke away in fine style and passing to Mac Masters, the latter was brought to grief by Boscow. Warrington now returned to the attack, led on by Turner. Berry and Taylor, and up to the interval, they kept measure of their opponents. It seemed as if it was to be again Warrington 'e luck to fail to score notwith- standing all their pressing. . On one occasion, the ball was taken along the goal line, almost from one side to the other, and yet no Warrington player could just put it the other side. Success, however, came to them just before the interval, and from some loose play, Callaghan smartly picked up the ball, and was over the line in a twinkling, and gained a most meritorious try. Taylor attempted to kick a goal but failed, and the whistle blowing immediately afterwards, Warrington led at the interval by three points to nil. Very little time was lost in changing sides, and Mr. Eagles had the teams at work again very quickly. Turner recommenced hostilities, and his kick off was almost nutralised by Walwork's return. Leigh commenced to take full advantage of the wind, and passing between Anderton and Walwork was the means of the latter causing great anxiety t,o Warrington, Boscow just staving off the danger by a timely tackle. Walwork again was to the fore arid was knocked into touch at the corner, the Leigh players appealing for a try, but the bail being grounded in touch, it was of course refused. A penalty kick was immediately afterwards given to Leigh in a most dangerous position. Coop took the place, but to the intense relief of the Warrington suppor.ers it went outside, arid Leigh only gained a minor. Barber at- tempted to get away after the restart, but he was too well marked, as in fact he was during the whole of the game, to become dangerous. Leigh now became the aggressors, and at length the ball was sent over the line amid a general melee. Barber rushed up and touched down, but the referee, by a doubtful decision, awarded a try to Leigh, Mac Masters being alleged to have been the, scorer. Coop took the place kick, and the ball re- bounded from the goal post. The Leigh men played with renewed vigour after this,and Bascd7r, Burt m.and Heesom were very prominent with their daring saves. The Warrington defenders were able to keep their lines intatt despiie the severe onslaught o 7 Leigh, and durisg the last five minutes the home team appeared to have got their second wind, for they forced their opponents hack to neutral territory, and were even dangerous at times. However nothing further was scored, and War- rington added one more to their long list of draws, the !game ending with the result of Warrington, one try ; and Leigh, one try.

WARRINGTON v. OLDHAM.

The match with Oldham may fairly be claimed to be the match of the season in Warrington, and conse- quently when the ground was discovered to be unfit for play ;n January on the date fixed for the return match, there was great disappointment in Warrington. The teams, however, agreed to meet on Monday, and not- withstanding the unpropitious weather, and the fact of it being a mid-week fixture, there would be fully 6,000 spectators present, a large number hailing from Oldham. It will be remembered that at the first meeting of the two clubs early in the season,a,Oldham fairly romped away with Warrington, winning to the tune of two goals, six tries to one try. Warrington were, however, doing very badly at that time, and, although they have net been exceptionally brilliant of late, a strong hope of giving a check to lie Oldliamers was held. The weather on Monday was very showery, but the field was in a much better state than i was on the previous Saturday against Leigh, and thronAout the match it kept in a state favourable to the fast play. Mr. S. Williams. of Salford, acted as referee, and the following were the players representing each team : Warrington : BOSC3W, full back ; Barber, Heesom, Moores, and Burton, three-quarters ; John T. Bite, and James T. Bate, half hacks; Turner, Jelley, Dakin, Bailey, Taylor, Thorniley, Callaghan, and Berry, for- wards. Oldham :—Eagland, full back ; Hurst,Taylor, S Lees. and Fillingham,threequarters ; Varlev and Lawton.half backs ; Bonsor, Hughes, France, Moore, Whiteley, Fur- ness, Merrell, and Newby, f4rwards. It will thus be seen that Oldham were without Mc Cutcheon and A.Lees. Turner won the toss and decided to play with the wind in the first half. Furness kicked off, and after Bi.iley's return, play was for a time in midfield, until Burton by a dashing run, put his side on the offensive, whieh was further supplemented by a dribble by Dakin and Houghton. Hurst attempted to relieve by a flying kiclr,but Boscow judiciously returned into touch. From the subsequent line out and scrim- mage,Oldharn gained some ground. but Moores,by kick- ing too strongly forced Eagland to concede the first minor. Thorniley and T ,rner led a rush from the kick out,Eagland effecting a good clearance. Varley,who up to now had been comparatively quiet, attempted to break away, but he waa -too severely tackled by Taylor to become dangerous. Another attack upon the Old- ham lines canard Eagland to kick dead for the second time. The visitors now a oke up, and some passing between the threequarters was witnessed, but Barber aveited danger, and a few moments later Warrington were almost over owing to Eagland misjudging a kick from Burton, and being tackled by Bailey before he could get it away. The submuent scrimmage, how- ever, was in favour of ,Oldham and Hurst and Taylor took the ball to the quarter flag. Here 1 urner made a good run and regained the lost ground, and Barber soon after Was almost over. Burton also had similar luck at the opposite side. A brief visit was paid by Oldham to neutral ground, but a brilliant hit nf passing between Burton. Thorniley, Heesom, and Barber, followed by a grand run by the latter, unfortunately ended in the latter being sent into touch when almost over the coveted line. The ball was sent over soon after by "Smack" Bate, but nothing was gained but a minor. Eagland mulled the return from the subsequent kick out, and just retrieved himself by kicking dead and rclobing Fhorniley in time, this being the fourth minor of the match. Oldham after almost half-au-hour's play forced their way to the home 25,but Smack Bate sent them to the right about. The Oldham backs now got to work, and some fair passing was wit- nessed between Varley, Fillingharn, Taylor, Lees, and Hurst, ended in the latter galloping over. Hurst failed at goal. Half time arrived lin media tel v afterwards with Oldham' leading by a try to nil, after Warrington having had almost all the play. Turner re-started and Merrell made his mark hot this was of little use, and Jack Bate, Barber and lletatom quickly put their side on the offensive. "Smack" Bate was only floored by Taylor on the line. A series of scrimmages took place on the line, and ' Smaek " mak- ing a sharp pass to "Jack" Bate the latter popped over the line, and thus equali,t d. J Isv made a good at- tempt at the goal. The play Was re-started with re- -1/),,t tel vigour, I.ut t ry as 0 dli iin would, they could not get past half way, fl.,scow playing a grand game, and repeatedly :ending them back. The home forwards on

oneoccasion dribbled the ball along the field, and when:a score seemed inevitale, Eaglaud dashed among them and made an A I most inirneilloua save. Tsyl.r, of War- rington, at len4t got o%er at the corner, but to the as- tonishment of the spectators, the referee only awarded a minor, alleging that Taylor was in touch in goal. Var- ley broke away soon after this let off, and passed the whole of the Warrington players except B9dCOW. That worthy however relieved the apprehensions of the home team by promptly grassing him. This was followed by a grand dribble by Callaghan which deserved a score. Moores and Jolley kept up the attack, and Oldham were over played at all points, and Taylor again got over at the opposite corner, but again, the referee would not allow a try. Oldham seamed to profit by , this, for Varley made a biilliant run to half way but his pass to Lees was knocked forward. Barber immediately afterwards got the ball,and running across the field neatly passed to Burton, and that player threaded his way through the visitors, and after a run almost half the length of the field secured a most brilli- ant try. Be failed to enhance the point, however. The lead of three points was not maintained more than three minutes, however, for Varlsy, Hurst, Tayler and Fillinghatn indulged in a brilliant bout of passiug,which ended in the latter clearing all opposition and getting over. Hurst failed at goal. Each side now endeavoured to gain tee biding point, and play fluctuated from end to end with startling rapidity. On several occasions a score seemed inevitable on both ides, but the defence on each side proved too good, and when the whistle blew, each team had scored two tries. The game was one of the most open and exciting ever seen on the War- rington ground,and the Warrington team delighted their sapporters by proving the equals, if not the superiors of tht; famous Oldham team, even in open play. • •

WARRINGTON " A " v. LEIGH " A."—The Warrington "A " team journeyed to Leigh en Saturday, and for want of a convenient train, they went by road, Messrs. Maginn providing a good 'bus. A late start was made, and it was therefore late when the team arrived at Leigh. The drive was not of a very pleasant character, rain falling nearly all the way. Rain also fell heavily during the game, and neither spectators nor players de- rived any pleasure from it, and the Leigh Club would derive very little profit, for if the " gate" came to half- a-crown that would be about all. It was twenty past four when Leigh kicked off, it having been agreed to play two thirties. Warrington returned well, and Leigh kicked into touch. Immediately afterwards they were awarded a free kick, but they secured no advan- tage, as the ball was smartly returned by Foster, and being followed up Warrington almost succeeded in scor- ing, Leigh kicking dead. For some time the visitors , pressed Leigh, and Sankey ultimately got over. Carey made a poor attempt to convert the point into a goal. , Leigh played up and tried to equalise,but the defence of the Warrington backs was too good, and they never approached within a dangerous distance of the War- rington line in the first half, at the end of which War- rington led by a try. Leigh commenced the second half very spiritedly, making the pace in fine style for ab nit a quarter of an hour, when after a series of scrimmages on the Warrington line Lloyd got over and Cunliffe placed a goal. Warrington soon showed that they had not gone to Leighto be beaten, for immediately after the restart, they entered Leigh groand; Handles secured a free kick, the ball was charged down and Randles placed it almost under the goal posts,Cross sub- sequently kicking a goal. Leigh were unable to improve their position, and the game ended in a win for the visitors by one goal one try to one goal. Owing to the state of the ground accurate play was impossible, but the score about represents the merits of the two teams, which were as follows :—Warrington: Mannion, fall- back ; Forster, Edelsten, Cross, and Sankey, three- quarters; Wood and Carey, half-backs ; Handles, Savage, Barrett, Burrows, Hughes, Thornton, Amsley and Sudlow, forwards. Leigh :—Cuncliffe, full-back ; Lloyd, Isherwood, Brown and J. Short, three-quarters ; Parry and Roberts, half-backs : Hindle,P.Shert. Taylor, Ridyard, Phcenix,Dunningliam, Mulraney and Edelston, forwards. RUNCORN v. LIVERPOOL.—At Runcorn on Saturday afternoon before a very poor gate, in consequence of the inclemency of the weather. The previous fixture was cancelled by frost. Both aides were fairly strong, Run- corn making changes in their back division, W. Faulkner and Robinson going centre threequarters. Liverpool started in a heavy rain, and for a time pressed hard,and Houghton being held on the line the latter subsequently touched down. Resuming play, J. Faulkner got off to midfield, but the visiting team again visited Houghton who kicked finely to the touch. For a lengthy time the Liverpool forwards made a strong defence. Pendlebury, the home half, repeatedly made good ground by smart kicking behind the backs, and kicking to touch. Some short passing by Runcorn, followed by a fine dribble, saw Melly making a daring save. The following pack Melly touched down. The ground had by reason of the heavy rain now become a swamp. A dribble by Walker and Pendlebury was well saved by Pearce, and Melly again distinguished himself. Play was interesting, the chief features being the very stubborn defence shown by the Liverpool men. The excitement increased as Faulk- ner and Pendlebury re-passed. W. Faulkner tackling Fraser, prevented any return. The Runcorn back divi- sion repeatedly tried to get through the Liverpool defence, but the play was very safe and all attempts to get through were neutralized. Drenching rain spoiled the play, the men hardly being able to keep their foot- ing. Half-time.—Runcorn nil ; Liverpool nil. After the interval Taylor started the ball and the home greur.d was visited. Walker dribbling back again to centre ground, the play became all forward and the backs were unable to hold the ball. The succeeding play was in the Liverpool ground, Pendlebury, Warder, and Dunba vend made repeated attacks, but the defence was strong. W. Faulkner made a determined attempt, and was held up on the line ; his passing over being thus abruptly stopped. Liverpool played well with their feet, making several ugly rushes down the ground. A strongly contested game ended. Runcorn nil, Liverpool nil.

RUNCORN V. LIVERPOOL " A" TEAMS. —ThiS'lllatCh was played at Aigburth, on Saturday, in wretched weather, rain falling heavily. The following were the teams : Runcorn : Jolley, back; Richardson, Myers, West and Gayter, three-quarter backs ; Woodward and Nickson. half backs; Stubbs, Pendlebury, Antrobus,Clarke,Shaw, Urmson, Jeacock and Brown, forwards. Liverpool: J. Frazor, hack; Jones, 'Coda, E. Frazor and Finney,three- quarter backs; O'Dwyer and A. Todd, half backs; For. wood, C. Wilson, H. Wilson, C. E. Wilson, Decker, Clarke, James and Beckett, forwards. Antrobus started and Todd failing to hold the ball, Runcorn were almost in. Runcorn shortly afterwards forced matters, and Myers receiving from Nickson eluded three or four opponents in capital style and scored behind the posts, but he failed to improve. From the drop out the Liver- pudlians were off with a big rush, and the Runcorn quarters were invaded, but their stay was only tempor- ary, as Antrobus led the way in a capital dribble, which J. Fraz,-r just managed to check by falling on the ball a yard from the line. The following pack saw Nickson rolled over when in the act of grounding. The interval arrived with Runcorn leading by a try. The second moiety was of a scrambling nature and play was chiefly confined to the forwards, back play being out of the question. Towards the close Runcorn pressed heavily, and Richardson and West scored tries but Myers failed to improve in each case. The final result was Runcorn, three tries, four miners; Liverpool, nil. WARRINGTON EXCELSIORS V. ATTIE RTON. —TDP first meeting of the above teams took place at Atherton on Saturday. Warrington commenced up hill, and by good work took play on the home lines, Mason, Long- more and Illybold being prominent. However, the weight of the forwards soon told on the visitors, and a strong rush saw Knight saving, and a minor was con- ceded. The visitors attacked in surprising fashion, and Longmore accepted an opponent's pass and dashed up the field, Houghton saving a certain score by kicking dead. This brought the interval with a clean sheet. With the slope in their favour the visitors again pressed, and Raybokl, Longmore, Smith and Mason were con- spicuous with good work. The home team now had a turn, and Knight was kept busy defending. The game still waged near the visitors' lines, and it was left to Itsybold to relieve. Securing the ball near his own lines he ran through the thick of his opponents, finishing up with a kick, and tackled the home back before he could return. Time was shortly afterwards called, the result of an even game being a draw. WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S v. WIDNES " A."—This match took place on the St. Mary's ground, Liverpool- road, on Saturday, in miserable weather, the ground being like a quagmire. Both teams were well represented The visitors won the tow,. G. Ilampson started for St. Mary's, who at once began to press, play resting at centre. Widnes were awarded a free kick, and put the ball in touch near the home 25. Widnes rushed strongly to the line, and O'Brien kicked dead. From the drop- out Murphy got possession,at 4 a zain invaded the home- sters' quarters. A lineout fol'owtd. The Saints bettered their position, Edgar taking the leather to the Widnes line. Relief came, and Geulden transferred to centre. P. liampson secured and kicked, and a well combined rush by the Saints' forwards made a severe attack upon tile Widnes defence, ansi Goulden was forced t 1 touch down. The Saints' forwards from a scrimmage as centre took the ball to the Widnes line in the corner. Ili.shfield put in a long kick to midfield, where play waged strongly until the whistle sounded half•timo,the score sheet being blank. G.Flampson commenctd hostilities with the wind and rain against the team. No return was made, and the game was evenly contested at centre. Smart play by the Saints' hacks soon eff,cted a clearance of their quarters. The forwards carried the bill on to the visitors' lines, another minor failing to their lot. Re-starting, the game was of a fast character at centre. The Widnes back division tried repeatedly to force an entrance through the Saints' defence, but the play was safe. The homesters found relief from a scrimmage. Iligginbottom I gave a long kick, Murphy secured, and passed to the visitors' right wing, and a certain score was frustrated by the accurate tackling of T. Bennat, who pulled his man down in a dangerous position. Not to be denied the Saints again returned to the attack, and a nice piece of work by the Saints' forwards took the sleather to the home lines, where they tried hard to Ferme,,Hi,,oinbottom being tackled on the line. Give and take play ensued between the respnctive hacks. Peters gave a high kick, and Roughley in attempting to catch it mulled, with the result that Grace scored ; fliglifild failed. The home- step went for it with more determination,playing resting

at centre, and from some crambling play near the line Owens got over. Higlitield larded a goal, and Widnes were declared winncrs by one goal, one try, to nil.

ASSOCIATION.

FARNWORTS,k V. ORFORD CRESCENT.—PIayed at Orford, on Saturday, in miserable weather, and on an irrigated field. Both teams played their full complement. Fern- worth started with a strong wind, and penned the home team in their defence. Half-time—Farnworth, two ; Orford Crescent, nil. Resuming play the home team 'utilized the wind to full advantage, but the visitors' defence had been strengthened by the inclusion of G. Randles. Shortly before full time Orford scored from a penalty. The remainder of the proceedings was of an Interesting character, Farnworth defending and pressing alternately. Result—Farnworth, two; Orford, one. ORFORD V. PENICETH RESERVE.—PIayed at Penketh. The visitors arrived short of three of their regular players, so played two reserves, being one man short. Orford kicked off and Penketh scored two goals in the first half. The play in the second half was mostly in favour of Orford, who played up pluckily, but as they only got the ball through once, the homesters ran out winners by 2 goals to 1. BIIRTONWOOD V. NEWTON-LE-WILLOV7S.—PIayed on the Earlestown ground. The Burtonwood team who were very heavy, did not forget to use their weight and by this means won the match, as the lighter team were by far the best footballers. Although Burtonwood won by 9 goals to 0, it was not the true state of the game for the Newton lads were often dangerous but were bowled over unmercifully time after time, and also had a very indifferent goal keeper who nearly let everything pass that came his way.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

FOOTBALL.

During the present week, Warrington have engaged in I two matches,ang have added two to their long list of draws. They have surely by this time earned the title of champion drawists, for fully one third of their games this season have resulted thus. Draws are better than defeats, and the two draws this week are distinctly creditable, although in one case especially, that of the Oldham match, the result ought to have been a win for Warrington.

The match with Leigh on Saturday was a very poor game front the spectators' point of view. The past games between Leigh and Warrington have always been of the scrimmaging character, and to make things worse on Saturday, the rain commenced to fall about two hours before the match, and continued until its close. Under these conditions' the ground was little better than a puddle at the close of the game, and it is a wonder the players played so well as they did. The result of the match—a try each—fairly represents the game, for Warrington did almost all the pressing in the first half, and Leigh in the last. Callaghan scored a capital try, which is his first for Warrington. The War- rington forwards were not equal to the Leigh men, who were adepts at screwing the scrimmages. At half, the teams were fairly well matched, and " Jack " Bate did not show much sign of his long rest. Houghton was al- most übiquitous, and Warrington has ao difficulty for choice of a full back when the regular ones are absent. The threequarter rank had not over much work to do except to defend, and this they did well, being ably backed up by Boscow.

In striking contrast to the Leigh match, the match with Oldham was intensely exciting from beginning to end. It is probable that never was a more open and en- joyable match played upon the Warrington ground. Warrington showed that if they like they can meet the Oldhamers and play them a good game in their own style. The Oldham men were astonished at the result, for they came expecting to have an easy time of it. They had not forgotten the first match when they were victorious by 29 points to 3. The Warrington team, however, has undergone considerable change since then, and the " Owdamers" found these changes rather upset their calculations.

The game ended in a draw of two tries each, but this does not in the least represent the game. Warrington were pressing fully threequarters of the game,and great dissatisfaction was expressed at the referee for disallow- ing two tries which were scored by Taylor for Warring- ton. One at least was obviously a mistake of the referee. and this robbed Warrington of ''a victory which would have been well-earned. It is getting time that Warring- ton beat Oldham, for they have not done so for at least three seasons, and therefore it is all the mere annoying to miss a victory on Monday. The match should do Warrington a lot of good. They have proved that they I can play a good open game and practically beat the club which is allowed to be the leading club in this class of play. -- The game on Monday, however, showed that it is never safe for a team to relax its exertions a moment against Oldham. Previous to the last minute, Oldham were only really dangerous twice, and on each occasion scored. The two tries scored by Hurst and Fillingham were obtained by splendid bouts of passing, and showed that had they many chances of doing so, a large score would have been effected. Some pretty passing was also indulged in by Warrington, one or two bits being fully equal to Oldham. Burton's try was the best of the afternoon, for he completely dumbfounded Hurst and Eagland. They were utterly unable to stop him, and his long run roused great enthusiasm. Bate's try was obtained from a scrimmage on the line, and was by a quick drop over the line.

The Warrington forwards were the superior of the other side except in the matter of heeling out the ball. In the pack or loose they had the measure of their op- ponents. The famous Varley was well looked after by " Jack " Bate, and had not muck chance of shining, although he showed that with half a chance he would have made it hot for Warrington. " Smack " Bate had only Lawton against him,and the latter's forte appeared to be offside play. It was the excellence of the home half back which deprived the Oldham team of a lot of its sting.

The famous Oldham three-quarters found their match on Monday. Hurst could not do much, for Barber took good care of that,while on the other side Burton looked well after Fillingham, who is not much inferior to McCutcheon, for whom he played. The Oldham centres were speedier than the Warrington centres, but the latter notwithstanding, defended well, and also helped to keep up the attack. Eagland has improved a lot since the first meeting of the teams. He was almost the only weak spot at that time. On Monday he made some very plucky saves, but was not in any way equal to Boscow, who, however, had not near so much work to do. Taking the match through, Warrington had dis- tinctly hard lines in not winning outright with a good majority, and Oldham may thank their stars, and some- body else, for escaping with a draw.

The fallowing is the present position of the clubs in the Lancashire Rugby competition :

For. Agst. Won. Lost. Drn. G.T. G.T.Pts. Tyidesley Oldham 9 . 5 . 3 0 ... 7 18... 2 10...11 St. Helens 8 . 4 . 3 1 ... 5 7... 2 6... 9 W arrington Swinton Rochdale Hornets Broughton Rangers Leigh (on September 19), Salford (October 16), and Wigan (November 13),having been suspended for professionalism, will not take any part in the competition this season.

To-day, Warrington will try to avenge a defeat which they received at the hands of Tyldesley. They will, however, have to fight bard to do so, and the following team has been chosen for it :—Boscow, full back ; Barber. flecsom, Moores and Burton, three-quarters ; "Jack "Bate and "Smack " Bate, half backs ; Turner, Jolley, Dakin, Taylor, Bailey, Thorniley, Callaghan and Houghton. forwards.

The junior Rugby football competition will soon be in full swing, and there will be at least one stiff fight early on, that is, Stockton Heath v. the Ranger. The follow- ing is the result of the draw which took place on Tuesday evening :—Firrt round : Aprll 2, Castle Rubber Works v. Rees ; April 5, Stockton Heath v. Rangers. Second round : April 8, St. Peter's v. Latchford Rangers ; April 11, Sr. Barnabas' v. Rovers; Arffil 18, Stockton Heath or Rangers v. L. and N.-W. Locos ; April 18, St. Mary's v. Castle Rubber Works or Recs. The matches to be played on the ground of the first-named club in each tie.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

The cycling club are already suffering from the vagaries of the gent known to the ancient Greeks as Jupiter Pluvius. They had intended to go to Knutsford for a spin on Saturday, but as it is decidedly unpleasant tn go through mud and water, they wisely resolved to stay at home. It is to be hoped that the weather this summer will be an improvement upon last. otherwise the cycling club will have to forego other rides besides Knutsford.

MORE GREAT CURES of torturing and disfiguring skin, scalp, and blood humours are daily made by the CIITICURA REMEDIES than by all other skin and blood remedies combined. The bestohysicians endorse and prescribe them. They may be safely used from the moment of birth, and are guaranteed absolutely pure by the highest medical authorities, whose certificates accompany every package. The are sweet, gentle and effective, and especially appeal to mothers, nurses, and ' children, as well as to the refined and cultivated every- where. They cleanse the system by internal and external :nedication of every eruption, impurity, and disease,and constitute the most effective skin and blood purifiers of i modern times.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIMENT,

FRIDAY.—THE PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. In the House of Commons on Friday, in reply to Mr. WINGFIELD DIGBY, Mr. HERBERT GARDNER stated that foreign cheese came within the scope of the Merchandise Marks Act, and if specific cases of foreign cheese being sold as English were brought to his notice he should be glad to see if the circumstances called for proceedings under the Act of last session. The debate on the Welsh Disestablishment Bill, and upon Sir M. H. Bcaca's motion for its rejection. was re- sumed,by Sir R.TEMPLE. The debate is again adjourned. At the evening sitting, on the order for going into Committee of Supply, Mr. W. ALLEN moved an amend- ment in favour of an allowance being made to members. He claimed that unless such an allowance was made they would never have in that House many able men who would be too poor to sit there without support. Another argument in favour of an allowance to members was that they would get more local men into Parliament. He strongly repudiated the suggestion that some mem- bers should be paid and some should not, and denied that it would lower the dignity of members of Parliament if they were paid. Mr. FEN- WICK, in seconding the amendment,assured the Govern- ment that in the minds of the industrial classes there was no question of ,greater importance. Sir W. Han- COURT, after some discussion, said there were too many of one class in Parliament, and, baying regard to the great extension of the suftrage, that House did not suffi- ciently represent all classes of the community.He thought the proposal was wise and expedient. The question was one of time and money. As to the money, he would be able to give them more information by and by. As to the time, the House was really more master on that point than he was. However,in timeor money he would always do what he could for the promotion of the object of the amendment. After a few words from Mr. Gos- CHEN, the House divided, and the amendment was car- ried by 176 to 158.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday, in answer to Mr. F. STEVENSON, Sir E. COLBY said the Government had no reason to suppcse that the number of Armenians confined in Turkish prisons was 3,000. Asked whether steps would be taken to prevent the rearrest of the priseners who, it was said, were about to be released by ' order of the SULTAN, he said the order for release must be held to be incompatible with any intention to have the prisoners at once rearrested. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in reply to Mr. DALZIEL, stated that although the epportunities were few he would be glad, if possible, to find an opportunity for the discussion of the interim report of the Select Committee on the Unemployed. The debate on the Welsh Disestablishment Bill was resumed by Sir G. 0. MORGAN. He said that the con- tention in the petitions sent up against the bill really amounted to this : We in England do not want dis- establishment ; therefore you in Wales shall not have it, whether you want it or not." That was a monstrous , contention. With regard to their refusal to have a religious census taken,he said that what they wanted to know was the relative proportions of the Welsh people in favour of disestablishment and azainst it, and the : best religious census for that purpose was the ballot-box. Thirty-one out of thirty-four Welsh members were re- turned as disestablishers, and the average majority of the thirty-one was 2,000. Such a record was un- paralleled in the annals of Parliamentary history. The debate was again adjourned.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

lathe Hodse of Commons, on Tuesday, on the order for the third reading of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Bill, Mr. DODD elicited no answer as to whether the Board of Trade had received any complaint respect- ing the hours of labour on that railway. He intimated that be would object to the order until his question was answered, and the Bill was put down for to-day. Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT informed Mr. DARLING that the Government when they considered it practicable would introduce a Bill on the subject of payment of members. _ _

A Bill introduced by Mr. S. EVANS for the enfranchise- ment of leasehold places of worship was read a first time. . _ . _

The debate on the motion for the second reading of the Established Church (Wales) Bill was resumed by Mr. D. PLUNEET, who said the framers of the Bill seemed to have studied the Irish Church Act in order to see how it was that the Irish Church had escaped its fate, and to provide that the Welsh Church should not escape in a similar way. No one who voted for this Bill could blind himself to the fact that he was in effect promoting a far larger and more invfortant measure—taking the first step towards depriving the Church of England of its endowments. Mr. G. W. RUSSELL said it seemed to him that the result of disestablishment would be to increase the spiritual strength of the church, for it was in the great towns, where the church worked on voluntary lines, that its labours were attended with the greatest success, and excited the greatest attachment. In his opinion, the main losses which the church would suffer from disestablishment would be that the bishops would no longer sit in the House of Lords, and that presenta- tions to livings would no longer be vested in the hands of patrons. Lord WOLMER said the effect of the Bill, it it became law, would be to dislocate the working of the whole machinery of the Church in Wales. Mr. ALFRED THOMAS hoped the Bill would become law. Mr. STOCK opposed the second reading of a Bill of which sacrileg:- and spoliation were part and parcel. The debate was continued by Sir S. Morcreuti, Mr. J. A. CAMPBELL, Mr. WALLACE, Sir H. S. ICING, Mr. A. J. WILLIAMS, Mr. GRIFFITII-ROSCAWEN, and Mr. LLOFD•GBORGE.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday, the Lanca- shire and Yorkshire Railway Bill was ordered to be read a third time. Mr. James O'CoNwoa moved the second reading of the Irish Lights Bill, which, be said, proposed such a reconstruction of the Irish Lights Board as would make it representative of the interests of the various seaports of Ireland. The second reading was rejected by 193 to 76. _

Mr. SEYMOUR KEAY moved the second reading of the Farm Servants (Scotland) Bill, which, he said, was intended to remove old and admitted grievances of farm servants in Scotland in regard to their housing. Sir WILLIAM WEDDERBURN seconded the motion, and after some debate the bill was read a second time. Mr. Bryce obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend the Fisheries Acts. •

CONSUMPTON, BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA.

I will demonstrate to the whole world. and to sufferers from these uufortu nate maladies, how they can be per- minently cured, by an entirely New Method of Treatment, without the chance of failure. Wr.te with full confidence to Mr. WILLIA.MS, ii, Burwood Place, Norfolk Crescent, , London. Me will send you lull particulars free of all I charge.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON

WYCLIFFE P.S.A.

The disagreeable weather of Sunday had very little effect on the attendance at the r.s.e. meeting at Wy- cliffe Church,where the usual routine was gone through, with Councillor A. Bennett in the chair. In his opening address the Chairman gave a brief summary of the I work of the P.S.A. movement, but the speaker proper was Mr.Standfast.of Chorlton•cum-Hardy.who.however, only " stood fast" for about ten minutes, though his discourse in that time was of the best, being on the subject, " Where art Thou ?" Mr. F. Fieldhouse was the soloist, and his song, "There is a green hilt" was delivered with good effect, which was not lost on the audience. Tke usual Scripture lesson was read by Mr. James Brown. SEKVICES FOR THE PEOPLE.

The usual people's service was held in Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Sunday afternoon, and was con- ducted by the Rev. M. Hayward, ot Rochdale. Mr. F. 0. Moston, of Lymm, gave the address. His subject, was Christ's standard of life, which was embodied in the words "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength, and thy neighbour as thyself." , This meant that they must have whole-hearted love to I God and unwavering sympathy fir their fellowmen. Fruit was the standard to which every true soldier must attain. It was a high standard, but nevertheless a possible one. Jesus Christ Himself had lived it, Paul had lived it, and men of their own day, snch as Wesley and Wilbeeorce, had lived it. There must be no retreat; their motto must be. " Advance." This standard of life, he said, was not only possible, but practical. It was their duty to consider every plan and every question which presented itself or was presented to them. They must not despise and refuse it, but they must measure It by the standard of Jesus Christ. If it were a worthy plan let them consider it, let them be in sympathy with it, let them help it, let them join it, let them pray for it, and thus they would be helping to make the world better for having lived in it. Several selections of music were well rendered by the orchestra, and a duet was sung by Miss Sherlock and Miss Tunnicliffe.

ToWLE'SCHLORODYNE A:k for and take nu other. T 0 WLE'SC HLORODYNE T ...3IMEDIATELY TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE RELIEVES 1 To WLE'SC HLORODYNE COUGHS, T OWLE'SC HLORODYNE INFLrENzA, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'SC HLORODYNE , uONSUMPTION. TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE ASTHMA, TOWLE'SC HLORODYNE DURRICCEA, To WLE'SC HLORODYNE SPASMS, &c.. 13id. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE. MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAIif.

ASSAULT ON THE POLICE—On Saturday evening the peace and quietness of Main-street Frodshain was con- siderably disturbed bp the conduct of a number of Nor- wsgian sailors, hailing from the ship Asia, lying at Salt- port. On the police remonstrating with them, Police Constable Price was injured on his head and face. At Frodshain Police Court the five sailors whose names were Hans Pederson, Karl Hanson, Albert Nelson, John Halvorsen, and august& K,rlander, were brought before the magistrates on Monday. charged with assaulting Sergeant Hunt and P.C. I'rice. The evidence was that at ten o'clock on Sunday night the officers mentioned were on duty in Main-st., nodal:tin, when they liiard two men making a noise. They spoke to them, and then the men went back and were joined by four more sailors. They proceeded into liooth-st. where they collected stones, and then threw them n at the police. The ser- geant was struck on the belt, but P.C. Price fared worse, he being hit in the ja w and stunned for a time. The policemen afternards had to fight their we v, getting into close quarters, and were fbrced to use their sticks. The sailors hastily departed, and the °dicers crossed Some fields and intercepted them and were able to bring Nielson to the police station, and he was placed in the cells. Having obtained the assistance of seven other constables they prooeeded to Saltport and took the other men into custody.—nr. Selby gave particulars Of the injuries to the Constable's chin, stating that if the blow had been received in Me centre of the jaw it would have caused a compound tracture. The prisoners were each fined £2 including costs.

" TOBACCONISTS commencing" 111c1. glade (2 9 pages) 33 TOBACCONISTS' CO.-186, Kuston-road,London. manager, ..tYalia Est. 1866.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
IX STOP `..)NE MOMENT.

"Oh dear, Doctor, %hat will you recommend for my Childreu's Coughs and Colds P" l'itY.

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT.

13ALSASI OF HONEY.

Tl,e most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chest Throat, and Lungs. It never falls to give Instant relief ' .

and does not ;int dii-Landanum, Opium. or Morphia.

ECONOIIISE YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH IS THE FIRST WEALTH.

All who are engaged In outdoor and indoor occupation.lau4 are especially eyposed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britain, BB WISE IN TIME I Don't tamper with Danger but go straight away for

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT

BALSAM OF HONEY'.

IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, and children. It cures when all other remedffs fail.. It cures Coughs, Colds. Bronchitis, Asthma. Tight seas of the Chest. It cures thousands ot child, en of Bronchitis and Whooping Cuughs. L cures for One Shilling when Pour,do have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT

If you have a Cough, tryli."-; if have a Cold, try it ;if you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens th,, Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth ar I comfort to thee chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you la ive lost nights of rest.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON. NOW COMMENDIID BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGBONS.

When yin are distressed by a missrable cold, note Image t. up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a geners.l feelint, of smothering, a few doses of the Balsom of Honey will clear- the wretched symptons away almost bsfore you know it, There is nothing lkie it on the market; it is thoroughly up. to date: tt triOk les into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action. JUST ANOTHER WORD.

When you ask or send for TUDOR WlLLlsms' Parnap Balsam OF HONEY do not allow anabo ty to persuade you to purchase somethmg else. If you do you simply throw off theo- genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. Thousands of Tostirnoni ls to hand from all, parts of the World.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
:READ OF FURTHER. SPONTANEOUS THiTIMONY wORTRYjOF YOUR

CONSIDERATION.

SIR.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams. Balsam of Honey h a proved a most valuable medi An° in, our large family (eiglat children). As soon as a cough.or cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, end his treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the' B dsam in our family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by taking doses, as directed thir seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is noon them the action ot the Balsam Is m4rvellous, and the little, ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTER J. BRETT, C.M., Headmaster Severn Tutus March 16th, 1892.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON gTILL FURTHER.

A Cardiff Cherni it save have larger sales for Tudo- William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cough, Curs, That's the opinion of all chemists.

PUBLIC MEN SPEAK HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THE WORLD. Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil,

, Glamorgan, July. 1892. DEAR Stit.-1 must write to say that your Tudor William Balsam of Honey for Coughs is the best we ever had in the, house. My boy David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, couldn't sleep at night for it, and neither coulct anyone else in the house skep because of his barking. A few- doses of Balsam of Honey positively cured hum; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID JONBS, ESQ., High Constable.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over he World ifIL, Is. lid, 2e 9d, t nel 48 6d bottles. Sample bat les sent poet paid for Is 3d 38, and Sc, from the Inventor,

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.,

MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE. WALES.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
5. All kope of comfort in my home had died Until the MATCHLESS CLEANSER SOAP I tried.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Cif OCKATOO 7OAP

Comprises all Soaps in one, for LAUNDRY, BATH .TOILET. FLOA IS, d•sinfects mph:lk'. non•injurioos Washes with- out r übbing or tahcur, Cures Rheumatism, Refreshes the skin. lesAle Agents 1,, Warrington, N. B. PK RCIVAL Sc Co. Sole Maker, ff. L. BAR Lt, Kevrtslisrn, Bristol.

lb., Hoye' bettuntresses say Critchley • uia:sc.es is unequalled tor imparting a beautiful finish to starched I net, &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall. says :—•• My wife will not finish our linen without your- .. starch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford : " Dear sir,-- I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called: Starch Glazes and P:lishes, but find none equal to yours." I should be used in every house. Bold at Id., ad., and tkl., b most starch sellers. If not in stock will prooorit It. T streratt:i. Blackburn. P:ortrietor.—i/dst.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD PARISH MEETING.

THE BOROUGH EXTENSION.

On Friday, last week the pariah meeting of Latchford Without was held in the Baptist Chapel schoolroom,, for the purpose of considering the proposals of ' the Warrington Corporation to take over that part of the parish of Latchford Without situate on the northerly side of the Ship Canal,and include it in the borough of - Warrington. At the commencement of toe in-.wing the chair was taken by Mr. Percy Davies, and th-re were also present Councillors William Pierpnint, H. Roberts, J. Lee, G. Nicholls, R. Smith, and G. Pilling (clerk). There FAS a very poor at:. inUnce.— The Chairman gave a resume of the proposals of the Corpolation and the res.alt of the conference oi the Parish Council with toe Corporation Commirtee, the, details of which have been previously published in the • " Examiner." added that it was for the meeting to say whether titey would or would not agree to the- t. rm 4 laid before them -by the Town Clerk. --Co incillor Roberts and Councillor Pierpoint addressed, the ineetitT, the latter proposing "that this meeting of he ratepayera of the parish of Latchford Without sup- port the proposals of the Warrington Corporation to take • over that portion of Latthford Without on the north side of the Ship Canal to the borough of warrington,ancl that they join with the Borough of Warrington in their application to the Local Government Boa rd."—Mr . D. Davies seconded the motion.—Mr. "E.Stnith "moved an amendment that they do n t accept the offer of the Warrington Corporation. There being . no iieconderto- ibithe amendment fell through. Mr.Picrpoint's motion was then put to the meeting and carried, Mr. Smith be— ing only dissentient.—The Chairman mentioned that with regard to the portion of the Parish on the Slitat;iiside of the Canal the Corporation suggested that it be joined ' to the p irish of Anpleton. The question could not be- er-me into that night however.—On the, motion of Mr. seconded by Mr. Smlth, a cordial vote of thanks was paased to the chairman, and the meeting- hen terminated.

Dtfi't forget Scott's Emuldon when your baby is thin and: weak or your child is suffrin from some wasting disease. Nothing in the world of food medicine gives strength and makes healthy flesh and solid bones like Scott's Emulsion.. It is invaluable to b.bies and growing children. (2)

===== 0002601_18950330_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ONM‘L

===== 0002601_18950330_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
iliomtOttt iterbarttO, Su.

GIRL wanted. 14 ta 16 ; one that has been out before.— , 432, IiDGE-LINE, Liverpool. ;no

WANTBD goad slngle-handed. also Under Launcirymaids ; good wages.—Gaatlmrs REGISTRY, Yorks. lATANTRD a strong GIRL, about 15.—A.poly 317, Max- CIIESTER-ROAD, Denton, near Manzlester.

WANTED at once a strong willing GIRL (young).—Apply Mrs. WRIGHT, fienteliffe, St. Atsne's-on-the-Sea.

tIENERAL SERVANT Wanted, good wages, for farmhouse work.—Apply Ilemoit ABNEY, Halesowen, near Bir- mingham.

af-1 OOD LTNNERA.L. aged 20, at once, include washing. 1.3 family four, wages £12.-106 Acomb-at., Greenheys, Manchester.

OMAN WANIED, as Mother's Help, one used to dairy work preferred —Mixoh ABBEY, Halesowen, near

/3 r rain gham.

WrANTED good plain COOK, under 30; also temporary Housemaid.—Apply by let,er, DUDLEY DOUSE, Whilley Range. Manchester.

HODS hlilitiPEß WANTED, fox Ba.fielor Gentleman; excellent Si, nation • good wages.—Mrs. PIPE, 50, Edgware Road, Hyde Park, London.

QUPBRIO young GENERAL for April 20th, to act as 4...7 cook in Ladies' school ; als hJusemaid•waitress ; state wages.— hVERSLEY, Cambridge-road, Southport.

POCK, family 4. £ 25. laundrymaid £2O, Nurse £2O, NJ Housemaid-Waitresses. Generals Able to Cook Wanted. —PiLmER's Registry, Broad-street, Hanley,

WANTED SITUATION as GARDBNh'IL. single-handed or with help ; good experience age 25; icgle. Y. Melton Gardens, Wolesley Bridge, Stafford. •

VVANTED, COOK. GENERAL on April 11th tor Country. Wash and bake. Nurse-housemald kept, small family. —Mrs. WILLS, Up-Hollmd Vicarage. near Wigan.

WANTRD experienced GBNBRAL SERVANT, where another is kept. Apply stating age, wage, and experi- ence to •' Runcorn, " Box 41. Post Office. Rochdale.

HOUSEMAID WAITRESS Wanted. Matcleefield. Litotes and Servants suited. Good Generals. Cooks &c,—Mrs. Cogrwrr's Registry, Princes-street, Madeley, Salop.

QELE.CT 101,UlaTHY for Male and Female Servants.—Miss kJ CHARLES. Artist in ladies' Hair, Fancy Cia,ods, for Bazaar Catering tc.-13 Legls-t.treet, Warrington.

WLL Classes Superior SERVANIS WANT.ND Immedi- atelv for good reliable places.—Mrs. READS Select Registry, Rusholme, Manchester. Lodizings secured.

NUANT7D. S milli( Country GIRL as GENRRAL, one able V to milk preferred; one cow kept; only titre in family; Wesleyans.—SMlTH. 10. Orwell Park, Ecc6s, Manchester.

QL4ITED SAME DAY. Hotel and private. FIFTY SEE- VANTS WANTI,D. ages 15 to 26. Country girls sliould go to Miss STOOKWELL, BCa, Deansgate, Manchester.

NNTANTED a STRONG GhNERAL age 20 or over; able to wash and cook a little, comfortable lions., reference rectulred,—Mr.KNorr, 30 List.q•-st., Stookt ort Road, 'Man- chester.

OERVANTS.--OHNBRAL9. Young &c., suited imme- diately with good bITUATIONS, no charge until en- gaged, personal attention, ladies waiting.—At Mrs.FowLEa's, 219. London-road, L verpool.

g As. Lax Ana reirdALis ilUitchS lei '.121TUT1.021, Ty, at_ Hope-it., Liverpool. &stab. 1878.—For reliable. Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraish. " Nurses." Liverpool. 'telephone. 67C.

GARDENER (Head), age 30. A gentleman will be pleavd to recommend J. L. Hammond to any lady or gentle- an requiring the services r.f a thoroughly practical man ; AiA ix years' excellent chararter.—Address J. L. HAMMOND.HoIm , 11. West Kirby. Cheshire. ADY AGENTS, CLERICS, TYPE WRITERS, ,BAR- MAIDS, DOMESTICS, LADY HELPS AND LADIES —of every discription (married or single) wanted immediately to send Large (2d.) Stamped Directed Envelope for partici]- . la s also Illustrated Medical Guide, sent iree.--TnE NEW ".. ORIC Dnuu COMPANY.—Reading.

A7VANNED Immediately, Governesses. Isonstkeepers, Cooks. Waitresses, House, Kitchen. Scullery, Parlour, . and Nurse Maids, General Servants, Barmaids, Hotel Ser- vants. Laundrymaids, Men Servants ; cmntortible situations and good wages. Nobility, gentry, and clergy engage here daffy, and through no other me ,ium ran servants be supplied or sitnations obtained with such promptitude and satisfac-

tion to both parties. Write here before wasting time or paying fees to lit-ti, offices avd private houses with limited business. Address : BRITISH 11 hOISEILY ASSOC:I,I'IION, 39, TANNER itOW, YORK.

DR. J. CoLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. • nIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- towered. CLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. riIILOKUDYNE effectually checks and arrests N.) those too often fatal dist ases.—Dipht heria,Fever,Croup,

Ague. . iHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrlicea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentry. CHLURODYNE'effoctually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation. ant Spasms. CHLORODY NE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis, From Dr. B, J. Bouvroa and Co.. Horticastle. We have made pretty extemnive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately. and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and Irrita- tiwn in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces A feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all , other Fedati yes ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Alm- tula, lo the cffect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODYNB," —See Lancet, let December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARg OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION. -- Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAOR WOOD Stated that Dr. J. Cows Baowss was, undoubtedly, the inventor of "CHLORODYNR " and that the story of the defendant PMSEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, ' had beets sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1854. Sold in bottles at Is. lid 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS illtOWNIt'S ' EHLORODYN " on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- 'lrpg Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLIO MAxusAcTuanies.—J. T. II.s.VSNYORT, 13. Great Sussell-st.. Bloomsbury, London.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Oggo, Voultrp, Scr,

PLOVER'S EGGS.—wanted supplies for the season.-- BOWEN and Co., 38, Lamb's Conduit street, London,

SITTINGS of PURE LANGSHME (Crosci and Laycook's) 4s. 61. Langsham Minorca, 36.—Rev. Its ES. harmby Moos, York.

PHEASANTS' EGGS FOR SAL/I.—Fm price list with tetimonials apply COWLEY BIOS., (dame Farm, Mawdesley, Ormakirk.

Au- COOK has few WIGS from his splendid Sliver yr • Wyandottes, 4s. per dozen carriage paid.—nKEL- ' TON MVO% lEURSTON. BEDFORD.

WHITE WYANDOTTICS EGGS 2 doz., 6 dr,uble bree 'log Canary Eggs. 35. each. ALBERT RO}ROYD. Upper Clough. Until's sit Huddersfield.

BLACK MINORCA EGGS Hopkins, and Hunters Noted, Layers and Prize brain. also splendid Orpingtons only 2s. 6d. dozen, packed.--JOSEPH EMMETT, 304, Earle-st., liarlestown. LlGG$.—Am booking ordrrs tor eggs tram my grand pen CA of Pekins, including drake winner first at Dairy. PF ice "Is. 6d. Bazaar Certificate. LEVESOff GOWER, College, Cirencester.

EGG S,4s from black minorcas (noted etrain) winners at Birmingham, Bristol, Bideford, Newnham, Newport, Wellington numerous others, 6s. dozen two dozen 10e., uniertiles replaced.—EwEN, Strangford, Clevedon, Somerset.

EGGS.--Silver grev Thrkings. Cranston's strain entirely, and dark .00rkings, Cranston's Pilkington's• and Zutler 6mith's strain, 6s per dozen. Established over rive years.—Jos GILLETT, Court House, Carnpden, Gloucester- shire.

ir R. EDMONDSON, Crank Poultry Yard (Established --al 1890), thanks his customers for their liberal support in the past, and by mating his birds to produce' good layers and show points combined, hopes to have a continuance of their support. Customers will confer a favour by inspecting his Etoca before buying Eggs elsewhere, Plymouth Rocks, Black Minorcits. Langshans, Hondans, Dark Brahmas, Andalusians, Old English Game (Black-lied), Brown Leg- bores, White Lealiorns, Golden Pencilled Hamburglis, Buff Co bins, Buff Leghorns, 3s. 6d. per sitting of 13 eggs. Golden and Silver, and White Wyandottes, Black Minocras, Single and Rose-Combed Orpingtons. Light Brahma!, 4s. per sit- ting. Partridge Cochins and Indian Game 6s. per sitting, All unfertile eggs replaced, if returned carriage paid. Cata- logues foe, free. Yard oven On holithys Inspection in- vited. (No Sunday business.)

anta.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils, Liberal Commisslou.—Box 31, POST OFFICE Liverpool.

NVANTH 0, Soft errs from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Buxton, Chorley.

- - yo G MAN WANTED, 355. per week and commission. Regular work, splendid opening.—Address COMP° W OAKS. rarnworth, Bolton, Lancashire.

WMEIILWRIGHT SWISS SITUATION, or as an Im- prover to joinering and carpentering. Apply SAMUEL PHILLIPS, Prince's-st., Madeley, Salop.

KMACCONISTB and those commencing should call or send 1 for our Price List. Corapetltlon deffed.—GOLDBERG'S, Paradise-st. Liverpool. Established 1850.

SQANITARY INSPECTOR'S EXAMINATIONS.—RaIiabIe COACH.—For full particulars and tuition fees write, SANITARY INSPECTOR, 178, Borough-road, Birkenhead.

Ell br Att.

o:Mutation.

ALL LETTERS TO BE ADDRESSED TO EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTQN. THE "EXAMINER" SERIES 07 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Coinpriset 'THE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE 1 "EXAMINER," published every Saturday morning. 'THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON •• EX- AMINER," published every Friday afteruo n. THE ST HELENS " EXAMINER " published every Friclai afternoon. TRUNCORN " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon ; and THE WIDNES " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon. PREPAID ADVERMSMENTS.

coming under the folloyeing heads sre inserted in. ALL the above mentioned Papers for ONI4 CH AltOrd, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERiIIIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE By PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANT.. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Thee:, ' bix Words. Week. Wteks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 34 • is 6rl ... 3. 8,1 ... 6s Od The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. 1,10 Advertise m-at inserted on credit wider 2s. per inssrtion.

QENT'S very Handsome solid 9 Payments taken. carat ALBERT, very pretty design, forfeited by spebial contract. £3 15s. See this for

TONES' FEMALE PILLS. "a safe remedy" In boxes is, id. each.—JoarEs, 51, Buttermarket-street.

riIBOUSERS, Suits or Dress Lengths of Stylish Tweeds, 1 Serges, /to. Patterns free.—Write HALL, 8 Stafford-st., Burnley.

AIY PERSODFS diameter cerroctly told from own hand- /A. writing or photo. Fee 3d.—Fmuot WOOD, Win- cheap Canterbury.

STAMMERING Cured. Any person afillct-r1 thus will do well to consult R. KIRBY, White Bridge Cottage. Newton- le-Willows, personally or by letter.

j" IN SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, snd 4as Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to 3. BOSICING, 16, Fenwiek-Street. Liverpool.

CiENT'S Small. Real DIAMOND and Solid GOLD PIN; only 78. 6d. ; approval; bargain.—Ansorr, 6, George- atrett, Richmond, Surrey.

MIT'S GOLD (NJ DOUBLE ALBERT, with Seal Swivel Sze.. most beautifully finished, ss. approval —ABBOTT 6 George-street, Richmond, Surrey.

'MEW CARD. TRICKS (Gervais). Copyright. Recently 1.11 published. No appanstus ; easily acquired. Post Dee 10 stamps.—LISSLIE, 23, Cro:t A venve, Sunderland.

ILIARGAINS IN IRISH AND SCOTCH TWIDIDS,SHEGES, AND COSTUMH CLOTHS. Write for patterns stating your requirements to G. L. WATSON, Grosmont, Yorkshire.

AWARDED FIRSTXRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always In stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs, Ac. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for.the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just published (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. —H. MORELL. 17 and 18. Great ct, Andrew-st„ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address Rabbitry," London. block ists and prices 08 Maas reonthly,free.

=MI

===== 0002601_18950330_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
. , .

Ilbe Craininer " Otrtet

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE. as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WAN'TED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. :51TUATIONS VACANT, I'AET3ERSKINs WAN ,ED. APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BE PRIVATE CONTIUCT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, MOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ........... Os 6d ... Is 3d ... 2e Od 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYltxter only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under is. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
I'llE EXA ‘IINEIZ, SATURDAY MARCH 30, 1895.

Otisrtilantoul.

'ale bp Zurtwn.

BY MR. WILLIAM ELLIS.

Eibe:gPtork, &r.

elheap Good bred PIGS, carriage paid,from healthy Bedford- shire Sties, from 14s. by H. D • GARRATT, Barton, Ampthill, Particulars sent.

I_loltokiS' LOIN ULOTHS.—Best and strongest in the market-46in. long. 331 n. wide, waterproof on stout navy canvas, and weighs 415. I will send one post free for 3s. ; worth 7s. 6d.—H. J. GASSON, five.

Etrprits, StMithettes, earriages,

ONE HUNDRED good second-hand and new ENGINES in stock ; also Boilers, Tools, and other Plant, tte.: send for c.ttalogue. THOMAS MITCHELL, Derby-street, B aott.

ON SALE.—Useful for Farmers, Chemical Works, and others, two 14ft. EGG-END BOILERS, 41t. diameter, been used as water tanks.—Apply KILSHAW. Myrtle Villa, Huy ton Quarry.

KIRKLAND BROS. BAKERS TO THE QUEEN, HAVE REMOVED FROM THE TOP TO THE

BOTTONI OF BOLD-STREET, , LIVERPOOL.

' -

===== 0002601_18950330_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
linontv.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
13Ratrinionp.

Ai ATM MONT.—lntroductions arranged for all who with 1111 to marry.—For particulars send six stamps to MADAM Dis ANNIS, 80A, Deansgate, Manchester.

R. CLAMP S.; CION,

===== 0002601_18950330_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUN'ACTUIIIiRS OF

TR :WELLING REQUISITES.

GLADiTONB BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALI From 9s. 6d 39 AND 411 DALE STREET. 125 LORD STREET, AND 84 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MR. MATHER, M.P., whose inter- A Sugg,estive esting and valuable experiments Scheme.

with regard to the effects of an eight hours day in the engineering trade did so much a few months back to help forward the cause of shorter hours of labour, has again done excellent service to the community by the scheme for dealing with the unemployed which he has put forward. MrVAranne is a member of the Select Committee of the House of Commons which is inquiring into the contest and remedies of unem- ployment, hut he is not one of the members who are content to simply listen to or criticise the pro- posals which are made by others. He has prepared a plan of his own which he subrriits to the con- sideration of the Committee and of the whole country. Without dealing with the rather elabo- rate details of the scheme, which, almost of neces- sity,will need to be perfected by experience,we cer- tainly think that Mr. MATHER is cm the right line with respect to his main proposals. For one thing, he does not make the elistake'of under estimating the gravity of the unemployment problem. He is evidently not of the opinion that the causes which are depriving so many thousands of work- men of their means of livelihood are of a mere transient character, and that, therefore, the evil which results may be tided over by temporary grants from public funds or an increase in private charity. The lack of employment is a steadily growing evil, and it calls for a permanent remedy. The time has really gone by for mere task work expedients, such as stone-breaking and oakum- picking, which are comparatively unproductive and often degrading to those who are put to them. As Mr. MATHER in effect points out, what is now required is that the superfluous labour should be brought into contact •with " the re- sources of nature hitherto unfruitful, without in- terfering with the labour of any other men, or wasting the capital required for the purpose; and thereby enriching in some degree the whole nation, as well as providing relief from an ever- growing social danger and industrial burden." In other words, Mr. MATHER'S scheme is to utilise idle hands to cultivate and develop the resources of idle, or comparatively idle, land. The scheme is divided into two parts, so as to deal with the two different classes of unemployed—the first class being the temporarily unemployed, and the second class those who have been absolutely dis- placed from the industries they had hitherto fol- lowed and who must therefore seek out a new way of living. He suggests that the first class should he temporarily provided for in 1" farm training colonies," started by public money and under public control. He concludes from the experience that has been gained in similar colonies in Germany and France and nearer home still at the Salvation Army Colony, that I the labour of any able-bodied man upon laud can, under proper directions and conditions, be of at least an equal value to the cost of his maintenance. These colonies would, Mr. MATHER maintains, be not only self- supporting, hut would enhance the value of the land upon which they were founded and therefore add to the productive resources of the nation. 'There will," he says, "be a constantly growing increment in the value of the land, die to the labour of those employed upon it; and that incre- ment will in itself—apart from any consideration of the use of the land for the purpose of meeting and dealing with a great social difficulty—accrue to the State as a valuable asset to set off against any loss of interest during the years when the land is being used as a training colony, and before the period when it will have become an interest-bear- ing investment." In the second part of his scheme Mr. MATHER provides for those who are under a necessity to seek a fresh source of livelihood from the land. For these he would provide "small farm settlements" through the medium of County

Councils and upon conditions which he enumer- ates at considerable length. This too; he con- siders, would when conducted by the State be a paying specu:ation even in regard to its finances alone. As to whether men could be found in sufficient numbers to make the experiment feasible he believes that the evidence already given before the Parliamentary Committee has answered that in the affirmative. Then, of course, with respect to the objections that the land of England will not support a largely increased number of persons upon it, and that families could not derive a living from smallholdings of eight acres each, there are ready and conclusive replies. Within the last twenty years alone nearly two million acres of arable land has been laid down to grass and portions of this or similar land might easily be obtained in diffet- ent parts of the country upon which to test the proposed scheme. For the objection that a living could not be made on those small holdings there is even less to be said, so long as something of a co-operative character is given to the settlements. By what is known as " intensive " cultivation,which seems to be much better understood in some parts of the Continent than in England,families are eaabled, where there is a free exchange for produoe, to live on a much less plot of land than eight acres:; and as an additional guarantee the farm settlements would under the present proposals be placed under the same skilled general management and supervision as the farm colonies. In fact,taking it as a whole Mr. MATHER'S scheme is the most adequate and helpful which has yet been placed before the Unemployed Committee. It will doubtless be severely criticised and probably ridiculed in sane quarters, but under the circumstances in which a large number of the industrial population of the country are at present placed something more than criticism and ridicule is required. If the critics have a more feasible plan for dealing with an admitted evil than that proposed by gr. MATHER no it is the time to produce it.

THEE is a marked absence of Disunited Unionists. unity amongst the Unionists at the present time. At Leamington' from the representation of which the present Speaker of the House of Commons) is about to retire, there are two so-called " Unionist "candidates in the field—one a Tory and the other*a Liberal Unionist, the son of the Speaker. As the Speaker is a Liberal Unionist that party claims that his successor shall also be a Liberal Unionist according to 3 bargain which they say was made in 1886. Tbe Tories, however, show a strong desire to repudiate the agreement, and have nominated a candidate

of their own, and this candidate has hithero emphatically declined to retire from the field spite of the urgent complaints and entreaties of the Liberal Unionist leaders. In another dire& tion the "union of the Unionists" has bee° seriously shaken. Mr. COURTNEY is a° ethinent Liberal Unionist member of th° House of Commons, and no its boil' announced that there would soon be a vacancy ill

the Speakership there seemed to be a general coo' census of opinion that he was the most suitable man to succeed Mr. PEEL. But the whole TorY party unanimously revolted against al such proposal. So far as they were concerne. ' they would rather have a Radical in the ellair than Mr. COURTNZY, and that gentleman has consequence been thrown over even by his °via party. These are only two of the accumulating symptoms that the:alliance between the two wlog9 of the Unionists is on the verge of dissolution.. The mutual recriminations that are indulged °I are also in the highest degree suggestive. On the one hand the Liberal Unionists are bluntly told by their good friends, the Tories, that they er° 114, constantly diminishing quantity, and that aPar" from the Birmingham district their numbers are infinitesimal. On the other hand the Tories are assured that if once the bandof union is broke° they will lose the support, not only of the mingham contingent, but also several seats I° different parts of the country which are at Pre' sent held by small majorities. The quarrel is very " pretty one" as it stands, and can hardli fail to nave important results in the immediate future.

• It is getting a little monotonous to hear that Jabez Balfour is about to be extradited from Argee" tine. People have heard this statement so oftell and as often contradicted that they are beginningl,) think that the evening papers publish the neW9 as to have an opportunity of contradicting it irt tbe • next issue.. Of late, all tine. seemed to have bees abandoned ot bringing Jabez to his native tellti again, but we again see fresh reports tebiue; have come to hand which revive the hope that °- long self-exile is al moNt at an end. The report 10 however been quickly followed by the usual state" ment that difficulties have been placed in the *lll of his extradition.

---- A great outcry has been made by the Tories With respect to Mr. Luttrell's bill which passed tl. second reading in the llou4e of Commons las° week, to give County Councils the P°we•ts of nominating magistrates. They say that this 1 making the whole question a matter of party 0114 tics, but it will surely be an improvement upon tb,.9 present system, when the power of nomination ; '1 in the hands practically of the lords lieutenan; '• members of parliament, and political clubs. 10 tilt , . • county especially there will be a vast improvemen for the lords lieutenant are with very few 008 t tions Tories, and they take good care that none bbila Tories shall be placed on the commission of t , I peace. The constitution of the county bench is .8 eloquent proof of this, for in most of the coon" of England, the Liberals form an insignificant foe' ' tion of the total number of magistrates.

Nothing could have more strongly instanced to:4 beholder,the all-pervading distress at present etiB`: ing in the town than the half-yearly rate BurnEaoll9ei which were heard at the Police Court, hot Wee to Altogether there were 75 persons called upo° appear to explain the non-payment of their P°°d rate. In every instance the sorrowful plea of bad. trade or of sickness was made by those sumlVue One of the most pathetic cases was that of a °le who had embarked the savings of twelve Yea'n steady labour in setting up a bakery busineBsfoor his own account with very unfortunate results if„ himself. In ttis case an exemption from the "it, year's rates was made by the magistrates, svb°' fact,dealt leniently with the defaulters all throufl" 113 0 Another instance had its humorous 51de. de party summoned was a barber, who said that traso was as bad in his line as in any other. Alderiliinty Sutton remarked that there should always be P'e„-- if ot work for him, no doubt meaning that eve'lt, trade was bad, beards still went on growing' t ; this the barber answered "I don't know there are people walking about with four Weeved, growth on their faces and they will not get B,llavis or if they do they want it done for nothing. ill statement puts a new aspect on the face a as well as th,,L uf Oh; pulia ; it 2etillo barbers suffer from trade depression. about els

Li ,c 11 qat ‘ll,

0'; . : I: 1.- • • -11 1 ; 1 . 11`,; g

There was a great diversity of opinion among the Warrington Guardians at their meeting on Wed- nesday, last with regard to the various tenders for the ensuing half-year, which bad to be accepted on that day. There was scarcely a single tender ac- cepted without either a division or a protest being made. A very commendable desire was evinced by some of the Guardians that everything should be

done by the open Board. Mr. Knowles, however, was rather inconsistent. At the commencement he Was the champion for having things done by the Whole Board and not by committees, and spoke strongly in favour of the former, and yet he sup- ported a proposal to refer the coal tender to the Rouse Committee. Be admitted that he was incon- sistent in so doing,but maintained that there was a difference 'between the coal tenders and those for Rroceries and drapery. He did not explain what was the difference, however.

It is very evident that no stranger need tender 40 the Board. In the meat tenders, the man who bad been in the town the longest, although he did' _ll°L send in the lowest tender, was the successful 'lle, while it was actually proposed not to consider ?lie of the tenders for leather because it was sent 14 by a London firm. It is very evident that the resent Board of Guardians is determined that local tradesmen shall profit by the tenders, and not "foreigners."

d Tb'e Ministers of the Warrington district are evi- °'Y awakening, and endeavouring to get an in- amount of power. At the last election of uotiatcliaaa, there were three ministers—the Revs. _ Roberts, J. 11. Riddette, and Father Moore— tozeturn, to the Board, and three—the Revs. W. 11 ia-:,111.,132°11d, T. R.. Matthews, and Mitchell—de- One of these three, the Rev. T. R.Matthews, veek ok Bince been elected at Earlestown, and last to his seat for the first time on the Board Guardians. There are, therefore, four ministers the Board, and the ministerial profession has 'tc)w the largest representation of any trade or pro- neBei". Even the publicans take a back seat as "c)aaPared with them oa the Board of Guardians.

Robert Pierpoint has been distinguishing 4.ltnself of late in the House of Commons, but not In Promoting the despatch of business, rather the ‘everse, 13- .4.0 appears to have allied himself to the rirt3' of which Messrs. Bowles, Bartley, and Tom- are shining lights. He has taken Cyprus ilLier his care and last week attacked the to ernMent for their lukewarmness with reference ki, tile retention of that monument of Tory trearaanship. lie is strongly opposed to the e: - "onrnent of the island, which has now become :eritable Beur "White elephant," but he ought to be ed v. uy Sir William liarcourt's assurance that 4PrllB Would be retained at present at all events Ilea are glad to see that Mr. Pierpoint is making himh , ttire us glad as far as he can in Parliament, as we had eali°l/t begun to think that Warrington was practi- ",,,, 'lltlrepresented in the House of Commons. Thepari length tilt- sh Council of Great Sanliey have at Re't possession of the old parish chest, res "ugh it was not until after a good deal of cor- Ovale3°,,nde:lee• A claim,which was rather a staggerer, "chest—fa"e by Mr. Warburton, who had had the Part i;°,..,r 38 Years, for £'9 10s. for storage, but the 11,45, st,.'Quncil does not show any disposition to to be "Is dereand. The contents of the chest,proved lists fl'erY rousty and dusty. They were chiefly the tto the t, ; Poor who had been relieved ; records of %Re 011ivf°,:nttoent of overseers, and such like. The Igr„-; '"6 documents ranged from about 1750 to -‘., So that they covered a tolerably long period

- 4, -Tel 141 be interesting to watch the further de- , ta °Draents between Warringtoa and the Ship .cotanB;,,le°lzPany. The parties do not seem able to th —t° an agreement, and it is highly probable lttt the b question in dispute will have to be settled eorZe law courts. It is very essential that the lien:4,llY Olould be compelled to fulfil their obliga- Warrington, and in attempting to bring IND ab°llt, the Rivers Committee will have the httaTn of the Warrington people. The Ship Canal Ilse rce.ew lIP to the present, of comparatively little are - arrillgtont and will not be until the docks ' ",(% 1:114de• The Warrington ratepayers have had 418:1Ystlittle return for the exertions they made to l'ariittiranetrithe. Passing of the Ship Canal Bill through

I

•

i 5 10

th e 'de Lan sty_

.st ; red, !his irs re 3

: it•i ........ ta -16 clear from what was stated at the annual 4111‘ZtlaR Of governors on Thursday week i a flu thatothre. ': hi'ne cl the Warrington Infirmary are not n 111, lie chg fer°o4tudiatriir i ust now. This does "t arise so falling off in the income in the growth increase of ex" of the Insti- the expenditure, end as from an orioilditnte 15 due to the steady gre It wbe a misfortune if th Infirmary by want of funds, and the appeal letitie,eriPPled n e Made for additional hell) non" with ex- who have ...el°tlel force. The fortunate people -44kle ~/1. their fortunes in 1141151 v large revenues in one way or another m Warrington, or whofsrotimll fieeet()lvll could not show their gratitude in a ore ~.. kable form than by strengthening the linen- smt ot ~ ' e Itlfirrnary. • r" -01tOWNING CASE AT ---- RUNCORN. ••••,e., %,,),;:',..E. Worsley, coroner, held an inquest at the , i'eitip:'"lre Hotel, Runcorn, on Thursday mornhit, F,a' re- ,trc, the death of a child named William g(‘- who end :tvho4l:(l)wried in a pool near Leinster Gardens, ..., 4 was 530nd on Tuesday 1 uetk i rage, wife of Peter Page, of 20, Ashridge-:treet, , Ilia et ~,ab'tqtee) Said the deceased was aged seven._S. When • Ille %,;'-'4' the the alive on the 20th instant. . V.V9' his ebt out he said he was going to play withw_b_l . :4114,fer brOthers. tiesaid he would not g? a. .''_Y IN ,a' a Pool near the house. He was subject to 4Ptic fits and used to fall down very suddenly. rea,., ' 'Saki ,il,tbeth Hate,.tvife of John Bate, 51, Rutland_re vnuis . IN-" had known deceased about two years. U ' ita4ll4t t"ta• Last Sunday evening week her husband 'lO4lO little bov Out of the pond ; and she had been girt. had also been recently pulle- d tof it. 1: Iterollttte tailings round the pool, but some out of 4414 th "en•--The. Corpner:l have been to see it if ~,th ..ere ape I °tell, . .gaps in the railings. If, .the deceased went e°elr ''' it.,,..101l bttnght easily fall in ,especiallyif he had t. •eitte 11 `„e, labourer Duke's Pield.g,ave a evidencefit. as 164" it(111(',1-thr':g the body. The water in the basin was, let . te.Y.W.,,...fulihyezTlovethaesdf.ound on Tuesday afternoon. The a,...ulaaiti 05 Said said that he had seen childrenat had ;ell a--;,l3°N, in question, several times. There n.Yeral accidents there. Most of the railingssu_ry- 'Nile-4,4,4d been broken during be recent frost, b ;illl4, -"a bad gone there to skate. hitsßtC,,B '‘°,.te°tfleeerl.; f&inciseunillt leVriluuffipc, a The iesnatidnothapterwsohnethherdthae 1141ite,; "tee Pass on the land of the Canal CompanY thibiq' *ere thtre for the purpose of protectin„,..rthae, :tl„tt.,Paill„tr°lll the water. But he was very sure that '‘,.'"'n it th"2B in their present state were very dangerous,l. ,0 th "e attention of the canal company was 'ea l'lcit woull 'I!), atter. h, believed they would remedy Dillietu.t), very desirable for the jury to expressit.that ,leen"4 ho,,''',.,t°,ugh him, that the Canal Company'sa.ttern-- gl041:""„ne called to the state of the railings. ta 3iieey a det• vroodrow) stated that the railings ha n 0 n '45431,1 ettive state for the last seven years.—Mr. state eNanother lurvinan, also spoke of the dangerousthat had OC La taili gs and said it was the second death. woulii tutted thielre in 18 montlis.—The Coroner saidd he would :°,lite a letter to the Canal Company. 9 61)ealt t-'o's the foreman of the jury (Mr. Whitneid) to A eerclN' local agent on the subject. 'et of 44 Pound drowned" was returned.

k Ednitin 40w. • X r'en,. framework knitter, and well *bon, .uesda ,rig circles, was executed at Notting- - the murder of Sarah Oldham, with ALT. ived at t • 4iarat. ensuo. s ton-in-Astifield. ft,a t 1,3 LINEN hemmed and marked, free of Durrox.Sankev-at., Warrington,— '• '''"4Pnorb w.LTNEN, hemmel and marked free of thirroN. 134111E0y-ob., Warringusn.—Adv.

t 1 1 V. Ile .r'. it' ,• • 1. r••• ' , , . t t , i , , ' 1 t • • , , , 1 i 1 i t t I I 1. 1 NI 3 11 I Ct 131 th tie Ist ti • 2,1 44t1 Nok, lobt . 41 • Sla., , Nit 111,t . liDitel , %It• IQ lt111: tUlle 'll4 No tt et, , .al)4 t i th t Net . totht i ' •oft'ucc • te„34.!,i •• 2 '.rl4, , ti 'Ts qht $ r rimill .4) Nbi'R'44 th, it th. . .4114 . 111 t It Et. o ti No tot oull -- ot • h DIN -.4 tiara :,..tlt itl44-gok, 0 0. ,3114t:ti44-I((re:t.' a eof' r :°otilclttuz t Illd :vt , Peak t 81 iiii, A vet°cl irrir i. tlEdn,,_ :( 0,4,-;:`!t1t1 (lain \VII (111 T Om Is Lk ' Ay NI T. 40, 1'kef.....4.8 vityr, 2, • ' .tt , „ J. • , .. . - - ^C • , ,k -.\

===== 0002601_18950330_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN 'AND WIDNES.

THE GALE AT RUNCORN. A very severe storm prevailed in Runcorn, Widrue and neighbourhood en Sunday, but no damage of any moment was done. The wind was very high at different times during the day, and at intervals there were heavy showers of rain and sleet.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
DRUNKENNESS.

On Wednesday mornla;,—;El:Corn Police Court, be- fore Mr. Imison, John McNatty was fined ss. for bein_ drunk on the 26th inst. ; and oa Thursday morning at the same court, John Budd, boatman. Droylsden, was fined Ss. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street, the previous night. Si. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS, RUNCORN. Mr. B. Kniveton, the president, gave a Bible lesson at the meeting of this class on Sunday. Solos were pleas- ingly rendered by Mr. Charles Atherton and Mr. William Gowanloch, and Mr. William Cooke played a solo on the Organ. SONS OF TEMPERANCE, RUNCORN. Mr. John Jones presided at the usual meeting of the above order on Saturday. An admirable paper was read by Mr. David Smith on the "Brotherhood of Man." The writer spoke of their common parentage, and pointed , out that God was the great father of them all. He I showed that if men only adhered to the golden rule they would have better social conditions and a more whole- some public life. A discussion followed, taken part in by Messrs. E. Key, D. Bisbrown, S. M. Temperley,James J. Holt, James Williamson and George Holt. A vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Smith for his paper.

RUNCORN FRF:E LIBRARY: - Mr. T. %Bey presided at the meeting of the Library Committee en Tuesday evening. Mr. Jones (librarian) read his monthly statement, from which it appears that the number of books issued during the month of Febru- ary was 2,088, being a decrease of 151 in the lending department, and nine in the reference department. The books issued in the former department are classified as follows: Theology 35, philosophy 13, science 79, history 151, poetry 19, fiction 1,560, miscellaneous 178. In the reference department 53 books were issued. The follow- ing gifts were acknowledged: Sunday magazine (2 vols.) from Mr. J. E. Langshaw ; catalogue of snakes (vol. 2, 1894.) from tru,tees of the British Museum; and also catalogue of mycetozoa (1894). Free library reports were also received from Liverpool and Widnes. SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. There was a large attendance at the weekly entertain- ment provided at this Institute on Tuesday evening.Mr, W. Shaw, missionary, presided, and referred to the ob- lject of which the proceeds were in aid of, viz. : The Isailors grave and monument fund. The programme in- cluded songs by Miss Randles, Miss Shallcross, Miss Douglas, Messrs. T. Shallcross, W. Cooper, W. Marsh, P. ' Green, J. Cliffe, and T. Shaw. Recitations were given , by Mr.' W. Hulse, and Mr. Byfield contributed a humor- ous reading. The band under the conductorship of Mr. R. Clays rendered several selections. The accompanists were Miss M. Rowyer and Mr. .1. Foulkes. BRUNSWICK WESLEYAN BAND OF HOPE. Mr. T. Lea presided at a meeting of this Band of Hope lon Monday evening, when there was a large attendance. An interesting programme was submitted and well gone through. The choir rendered glees; and a number of recitations were given by the following :—Lucy Deakin, Gerty Coventry, Martha Smitham Mary Clarke, Helena Smitham, Leonard Ellison, and John Bisbrown. Songs were sung by Miss Leathwood, Miss Jeffrey, and Miss Maggie Hill. Miss Smith nicely rendered a violin solo, and an amusing dialogue was taken part in by a number of noys and girls. Mr. Alfred Norman delivered a short ' address, as did also the Chairman. Mr. John Bisbrown was the accompanist. CADETS OF TEMPERANCE, RUNCORN. A meeting of this order was held on Saturday, night under the presidency of Master HerlArt Andrews. An interesting addl.( es was delivered by Mr. James Whyte. Mr. Thomas Cook presented a book entitled " Hardy land Fool-Hardy "to Master Thomas W. Whyte for secur- ing the largest number of members during the quarter. The prize was given by Mr. Thomas J. Holt. Mr. Cooke said the future of England depended on the proper train- ing of the young. If they were to have a sober nation, the young must avoid drink. He gave some examples of the havoc wrought by intemperance among educated people. He also urged the importance of personal influ- ence. In conclusion Mr. Cooke said he would offer two prizes to the boys who should get the largest number to ' join the order during the next quarter. Mr. Daniel Big- brown, and Mr. Edward Key took part in the meeting. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Cooke on the pro- position of Mr. James Loft. PRESENTATION TO TUB REV. J. HOLDEN, RUNCORN. At a meeting of the Female Guild and Bible Class con- nected with the Runcorn Parish Church, held on Tues- day evening, the members took the opportunity of testi- fying their appreciation of tho services of the Rev. Joseph Holden, who is about to leave, to take up his residence at Autrobus, to which living he has been appointed. BRUNSWICK-ST. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS, RUNCORN.

On Wednesday evening, at a meeting of this class, an interesting paper was read by Mr. William Massey, on "Old Age Pensions." Mr. T. Simister was in the chair, and there was a good attendance. A discussion followed, in which Messrs. Milliner, Pickthall, and the Chairman joined. ,

===== 0002601_18950330_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER DROWNING MYSTERY NEAR RUNCORN.

On Thursday morning, about seven o'clock, whilst Thomas Lydiate, of Runcorn, was working on the dred- ger Irk, in the Ship Canal, near Weston Point Church,he saw the body of a man in one of the wells. He and an- other person fastened a :rope to it, and sent for P.C. Hammersley, who took' charge of it, and removed it to the Weaver Hotel, where it remains awaiting the inquest. The body was far advanced in decomposition, and the clothing very much torn and disarranged. The pockets contained 7d.—During the day John Wilkinson identified the body as that of John Williams, aged 45 years, flat- man, belonging to Northwich. Be had known him for 15 years. The deceased, on December 29th last, visited the Weaver Hotel, and left there at 10 o'clock. The land- lord, Mr. Coyle, states that he was quite sober, and on leaving promised to come early next morning to clean out the stables. It will be remembered that on the same date, Mr. Woodhouse, captain of the dredger Barry, was also missed, and his body was not found until a fort- night ago. At the inquest upon him it was shown that the night of December 290 was very boisterous, and that several very heavy hailstorms were experienced. How the man got into the canal is a mystery.

ASTON FANMERS AND TIME MILL At the Widnes Petty Sessionson Thursday, before Mr. E. K. Muspratt (in the chair) and Mr. S. Sadler, George and James Percival, Park Farm, Aston, Cheshire, were summoned for selling a quantity if milk to P.S..Bennett, of the Widnes police force, which was not of the sub- stance and isature demanded by the purchaser. Henry Stanley, Farnworth, was also summoned for selling the milk. Mr. G. F. Allen (St. Helens) appeared for the defendants.—P.S. Bennett, in giving evidence, stated that on the 16th March he purchased a quart of new , milk from the man Stanley, whe was selling milk from a cart, in the use of the defendants. He divided it in the office,and the defendant produced a paper on which was written" Cheap new milk, guaranteed ten per cent. milk, sold at 2d. per quart." The notice on the cart was " Milk solids ten per cent." Stanley tald him he was selling it on behalf of George Percival,f armer, Aston, Cheshire.—Superintendent Keighley read the report from the county analyst •f Cheshire, in which it was stated that the milk, as sent by P.S. Bennett, contained 1.29 per cent. of fat, nine per cent. of other solids, total 10.29 per cent. of solids. It had been deprived of half of its cream.—By Mr. Lewin ; The usual per cent. was three per cent.—Mr. Allen, for the defence, said his clients had not sold milk to the prejudice of the public. They sold it as new milk,which indeed it was. The re- port stated it contained 10.29 per cent, of total solids.— The magistrates having conferred together for a few moments, the Chairman intimated that the defendant ' George Percival would be fined LI. and .£1 is. Bd.costs ; James Percival, 83. 61. ; and Stanley 51. and 12s. costs. CAMDEN WESLEYAN SCHOOL RUNCORN. On Thursday evening, a well-attended gathering was held in this school, under the auspices of the Girls's Parlour. The chair was occupied by Mr. James Taylor. An interesting programme was submitted, consisting of vocal and instrumental music, with scenic effects. The illustrations were provided by means of a powerful limelight, which was manipulated by Mr. Robinson. ST. JOHN AMBULANCE ASSOCIATIOLRUNCORN BRANCH. The annual meeting of the members of this society was held on Thursday evening, in the Board Schools, under the presidency of Mr. F. J. Norman. J.P. There was a fair attendance, including Dr. McDougall.—Mr. I Clare, the secretary, submitted his annual report, in which it was stated that, great good had been done by the lectures in the past,for in consequence of the valuable teachings of their hon. lecturer considerable over 300 persons had gained certificates, and many more attended who did not present themselves at the examination. Members during the past year the members had acquitted themselves credititly in cases whieh came und.er their notice not only in Runcorn, but outside. The work of the past year had been a little disappointing through the dilatory attendance of the members, and owing to many leaving the town. Mr. Epps, secretary ; Mr. Rhodes, secretary ; Mr. Henderson,treasurer ; Sergeants Woolley and Benfield, members of the committee, had recently remeved elsewhere. An ambulance conveyance had been- purchased. and might be used by any member of the brigade. At the recent examination held by Dr. Morgan, of "Liverpool, every person who presented himself passed thus proving the stability af the teaching given by Dr. McDougall. Mr. Clare also read the financial statement, which showed that the year commenced with a balance of £lO 2s. 21., the subscriptions realised £8 18s., and sundries made the income into £23 93. NI The expen- diture showed that £l3 17s. 11d. had to bo paid for the ambulance litter, and after meeting all other liabilities there was a balance in hand of £1 175.7-il. The accounts were made up to November 30th, 1894.—The report and balance sheet were adopted, on the motion of Mr. New- ton, seconded by Mr. D. Smith. Time election of officers also took place. Mr. Brundrit, J.P., was re-elected pre- sident ; the list of vicepresidents WNS passed ; Mr. Clare was chosen secretary ; and Mr. Bankes was appointed treasurer. Votes of thanks were accor h d to the late secretary and treasurer. The Committee was also elected.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY. MARCH 30, 1895.

FVNE@AL OF A WIDNESIAN.

On Thursday- afternoon- the remains of the late Mr. Martin Maloney (46), who died at his residence in Major Cross-street, were interred at St. Bede's, Appleton. De- ceased had for some time been a foreman at Muspratt's Chemical Works, but left a few ye ir: go, and went to Liverpool, where be started business. He came back to Widnes recently, but caught a cold, from the effects of which he died as stated. Two coaches containing the re- latives of the deceased followed the hearse to the place of interment, where the last rites were performed by Father North. A large number of the employes of the Alkali Works walked in front of the hearse,and attended the service. The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Mr. J. H. Lee, of Widnes.

A TESTIMONIAL FOR VIE SURVEYOR.

Mr. Swinton, the surveyor, then applied Mr a testi- monial as to his services, from the Board.—Mr. Long said Mr. Swinton had served them well, and they could not refuse a request of that sort, when it would help him on his way.—Mr. Dutton then moved the sanction of the Board to the request, and on Mr. Tickle seconding it, it was carried and the clerk instructed to write out a testi- monial.

TOTES OP THANKS. Mr. Long did not think they could part as a Board without regarding the services of the Chairman, and al- though he did not think that Mr. Burgess was in any need of a testimonial from them, still they could not allow a parting without expressing that sense of their obligation to him for the kind and courteous manner in which he had tiled the offices of chairman and vice-chairman. He moved that the thanks of the Board be given to Mr. Burgess for his services in the past.—Mr. James Parr seconded, and said that he had known Mr. Burgess for some time, and he was sure the chairman had the good wishes and respect ot everybody, for he hid treated both high and low with great courtesy and respect.— Mr. Barber in supporting the resolution, added that Mr. Burgess had ben one of themselves as much as it was possible for a chairman:to be, and he was in touch with all the business .f the Board.—ln respond ing,M r. nurgess said it had given him great pleasure to have a tote of thanks accorded to Var. There had been many changes on that Board, and he did not think there was a single man living who was connected with the first Board 32 years ago.—lt was mentioned, however,that there were several ex-officio members. . .

Mr. Burgess then proposed a vote of thanks to their vice-chairman, who he believed was the oldest member, and who was unfortunately away ill.—Mr. Tickle :ee- condetJ. and the vote was carried. The Cleric thanked the Board for their courtesy to- wards himself in his capacity as Clerk, and Mr. Long in replying said Mr. Linaker wee highly respected among them, and was a man:who had always done his duty.— This was all the business.

After the meeting the members were treated to a sub- stantial and appetising repast in the 'Ring-o'-Bells Inn," in catering for which the landlord gave univeral satis- faction.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
CAISIPANOLOGY.

On Saturday, t. he • nnual meeting of the Runcorn branch of the Chester hiund A Jellringers was held at Runcorn. The proceedings commenced with the ringers of Frodsham and Runcorn ringing several touches of grandsire doubles,and plain bob minor. Tea was served at the house of Mr. W. Stubbs. At the business meeting the Rev. J. Holden, presided, and became a hon. mem • her. Canon Maitland Wood was chosen president, and the Rev. 11. B. Blogg vice-president, Mr. B. Trevitt secretary, Mr. H. Clare and Mr. R. Foster representatives on the Chester Committee.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
TOM MANN AT 10INCORN.

CHRISTIANITY AND SOCIALISM.

In the Salvation Army Hall, Runcorn, on Wednesday evening, there was a large attendance at a meeting held under the auspices of the Runcorn branch of the Inde- pendent Labour Party. The chief speaker was Mr. Tom Mann, who spoke en the subject, "Socialism and its relation to Christianity." The chair was occupied by Comrade Sexton,of Liverpool,and there were also on the platform i—Messrs. H. Stanley, J. Peters, a Chid, DR. Callow (Widnes), W. Wakefield (Widnes), and J. Pegg. After a short address from the Chairmanr

Mr. Torn Mann, who met with a most hearty recep- tion, said it was for them to consider whether or no their present civilization was satisfactory. He might say that they had no policy of revenge, no policy of hatred, but only a policy of love. According ' to their principles they tried to understand what was right, to love it, and therefore to live it. (Applau,e.) They had come to this conclusion that right relation- ' ships between citizen and citizen were absolutely neces- sary if righteousness was to prevail. There must be no exploitation of one section of the community by another section. (Hear, hear.) If they believed in righteousness they could not believe at the same time in robbery, even if that robbery be legalised. Because they believed in right doing they could not believe at the same time in the strong, living at the expense of the weak, even if the customs of English society sanctioned it ; and because they believed in right doing they dare not subscribe Co the existing institutions which called for the industrial and social discord that prevailed to- day. He could deal with any of the staple indus- tries in the country, and could show the terrible conflicts that were going on. On the surface they had now the boot and shoe lockout. What was the cause? It was deeper than mere antagonism between operator and employer. There was a root cause for these indus- trial difficultjes. They could go all round the country and find that discord and not harmony obtained. They had in Great Britain no fewer than one and a half mil- lions of men in enforced idleness. It was not because they were lazy. but because they were unable to find an eptlet for their energy. This meant that no less than five millions of men women and children in Great Brit- ain to-day were suffering acutely because the principals of the families were unable to find employment. When they dealt with those who were only partially employed and those who were employed irregularly they would touch one third of the total population. He would ask what did they understand by Christianity, should be done? Religion did not consist in going to church or chapel, reading the bible, singing hymns, or in joining in prayers. That which passed for religion in the aver- age church and average chapel, that which was put forth in the ordinary bible class, in the ordinary Sunday school was not only not religious but it was distinctly irreligious and demoralising. (Applause.) He knew he was speaking to men connected• with the chapels and churches in the district. Religion consisted in revolting against wrong-doing and seeking to establish right. doing. If they had regard for religion they had to have common regard for the common brotherhood and sister- hood. That was their doctrine. They adhered to the old doctrine that the brotherhood and sisterhood of humanity must be their brotherhood and sisterhood; that it must be real, and to have it real it would never attempt to exploit from one section of the community at another's expense. (Applause.) In this country did their chapels and churches preach such a doctrine? No, , they did not. He was prepared to give the lie to anyone who would dare to say they did. There might be. a ,few exceptions, but exceptions only proved the rule. Where were the ministers of the gospel in that district, in that county, or in Britain that dared declare against usury which was not only condemned by Christ, but by the Jews before Christ's time ? The congregations prayed "Thy will be done in heaven,, so upon the earth,' and yet the cause of the pernicious industrial and social system that obtained to-day was buttressed up, main- tained, and defended by those who composed the legis- lature, those who composed the political parties, and those who belonged to their orthodox iustitutions. (Applause.) The speaker then proceeded to speak of the conditions under which the people lived ; and referred to the long hours worked by some, contrasting it with those who were unable to work. He asked what spirituality- could be developed by a roan who worked an 84 hour week all the year round. Do not let them insult religion by acquiescing in such conditions. If they asked why the churches had lost hold on the work- ing classes, there they had the answer. They ought not to be content with this living death ; let theni yearn after real life. Life was what they wanted. A number of questions were afterwards asked, and answered by Mr. Mann. The meeting concluded with cheers for the chairman and speaker.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBU Y HIGHWAY BOARD.

FINAL MEETING. A meeting of the above Board was held in the Board room, Daresbury, on Thursday afternoon, under the presidency of Mr. T. S. Burgos. and there were also present Messrs. William Long, Darbyshire, J. Darlington, H. Eyes, J. Barber, T. Lea, J. Parr, P. fickle, W. Beswick, T. Dutton, H. J. Linaker (clerk), and '1". Swinton, (surveyor). After the Clerk had read the minutes of the last meet- ing, which were unanimously passed, Mr. Darlington proposed that a vote of sympathy be forwarded to Mr. Derbyshire in his sad bereavement, he having lost his son. The vote was seconded and after Mr. Long had passed a few remarks sympathising with Mr.Darbyshire, as he had had a personal knowledge of his son,the motion was passed. The Olerk read a letter from the Local Government Board, enclosing a cirsular letter to the Warrington Cor- porationsayingsayin that they had ordered an enquiry to be held on the 2nd rof April, with reference to the extension of the borough of Warrington. This was not of any soment to them, however, as they would be out of office before that date. DANGERS FROM DFIFECTIVE ROAD.

A letter was also read from Mr. .Thomas, of Rancorn, drawing the attention of the Board to the Stag Inn swing bridge, which he said was so unevenly fitted with the road that he had bad the shoes of his horse .pulled off, and he observed that if the shoes had not come off it was possible that the horse would have been thrown down. He wished to know from whom he should claim damages in the event of a casualty—the Ship Canal Company, or the Highway Board ?—The Clerk stated that he had mentioned the matter to Sir E. Leader Williams, and had received a reply stating that that gen- tleman would ,ace that the matter was rut right.—Mr. Long said that as they would terminate office after that meeting, the District Council had better be informed of the matter.—The Clerk promised to pass on this recom- merwiation to the Ship Canal Company, and to Mr. Thanes. Mr. Linaker also read a communication from Messrs. Robert Davies and Co., dated 24th January, 1805,stating that they were instructed by Mr. James Tinsley to call for the sum of £25 as compensation for the injuries a horse of. his had sustained through the road giving way beneath its feet to the depth of 3ft., near Daresbary Hall. Both knees of the horse were broken, and its appear- ance ruined, and its selling value much deteriorated.— Mr. Darlington said he had seen the place of the acci- dent, and the hole could not have .keen more than 18in. deep.—Other members did not see the liability of the Board,and the Clerk was instructed to reply to the letter in that vein. THE SHIP CANAL COMPANY AND THU BOARD. The following letter was read from the rmeintinrs of the Ship Canal. Committee, dated 28th inst., 1895 : " Gentlemen,—We,the undersigned members of the Ship Canal Committee, beg to report that in reference to the settlement of the question of the future maintenance of new roads made by the Manchester Ship Canal Com- pany in the district of the Daresbury Highway Board, we have had an estimate of the expenditure that would he required, made by the Surveyor, and we have gone over the roads and checked his estimates. The sub- committee appointed at the last meeting of ne Board have also had several meetings, and the But -aoinmittee and Clerk have had interviews with Sir Leader %Vie's ms and others belonging to the Company, and the matter has been settled as follows :—For future repairs ,if the extra length of new roans £lBO per annum capitalized at 30 years' purchase-4,500; to put the said roads in good order £792; curbing and draining on the new road, No. 2 Walton, and it not sufficient to complete that work the remainder to be found by the Company; four years' extra services of Clerk to the Board at £5O per annum, £200; five years' services of Surveyor a'. £3O per annum, £150; postage& and expenses of Highway Board for four years, £l3; expenses of Ship Canal Committee, £75; total £5,730. This amount has been mid to tho credit of the Board as under :—General account, £438; Na. 2, £4,500; susperple, £792; total £5,730. It was moved by Mr. Dutton and seconded bv Mr. Lea that the report of the Ship Canal Ccannittee be adopted. The motion was carried.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

The Ship Canal negotiations with Runcorn, rela- tive to that now hackneyed teim—the graving dock question—are now practically completed, and Runcorn comes out of them with decided advan- vantages. A deputation of the Runcorn Council attended at the Manchester Ship Canal Company's offices on Monday, and from their report submitted at a special meeting of the Urban Council on Tues- day night, it appears that the Canal Company at once declined to accept the proposed condition of the Council for a ten years' option of establishing a graving dock on the west side of the railway bridge, on the ground that it would interfere with the development of the Company's docks, etc. But whilst they raised this objection, after a little pressing, they acceded to a request to waive the suspension of the graving dock clause for 20 or 25 years, instead of rescinding it altogether.

Another satisfactory feature of the report is that the Company have decided to provide still further lay-by accommodation, in all 1,300 feet, and in this respect it seems as if the Company have now ar- rived at the rational conclusion that it will be better to earn a dividend through inducing large vessels to come along the Ship Canal to Runcorn, than perhaps not getting them to enter it at all, owing to the strong aversion of some ship owners to cut their ships' masts in order to get under the bridges in the journey to Manchester. Of course this would be unnecessary in coming to Runcorn, as there would be io bridges to pass.

Other advantages promised in the agreement in- clude the provision of coal and salt tips, and these, considering the position of Runcorn should prove beneficial to the trade of the town. The opposition used on the last occasion when the terms were dis- cussed by the Council, melted away on Tussday evening, and this was perhaps due to the Canal Co., deciding not to waive entirely their obligation to o-nstruct a graving dock. Only one member of the Council—Mr. Kirkham—refrained from voting, and the remainder were In favour of the Commit- tee's proposal to accept the terms come to at Man- chester on Monday.

Now that the negotiations may be said to be con- cluded, the people of Runcorn will be anxious to see the agreemea put into execution. It is gratify- ing to learn from the deputation who visited Man- chester, that Mr. Bythell is making arrangements for the work to be proceeded with at once. This will be good news to the unemployed men in Runcorn.

The letters which were read at the meeting of the Halton Parish Council on Tuesday night relat- ing to the repair of roads and footpaths in the dis- trict, would be a sore disappointment to those who had thought that the Council's recommendations for their repair would be carried out. The Council seem, to use the words of one of the members, to have gone "out of their depth " in looking after the repair of roads., for it is purely a matter for the District Council. The only work in this direction for the Parish Council is the care of right-of-ways, which they may acquire by agreement. The Coun- cil ultimately decided that a schedule should be drawn up,mentioning the roads reqairing attention for submission to the District Council. This is practically all that the Parish Council are able to do in the matter.

The visit of Tom Mann to Runcorn was an event 'which has been looked forward to with a greet deal of interest by local "1. L. Peers." They were con- sidered fortunate in being able to get him to Run- corn, and they took occasion to do their utmost to make the visit of a profitable nature, for in addi- tion to charging for admission, a collection was also taken up. Mr. Mann's address. was well thought out, and was delivered with his usual ability. lie condemned in no measured terms what passed for religion in the present day, saying that "religion consisted in revolting against wrong doing and seeking to establish right doing." There were, of course, the usual stiong epithets against interest and dividends, one word " exploiting" being very conspicuous. lie certainly gave his hearers some- thing to think about, but whether the great changes which he prognosticated will take place within ten years, is a matter of speculation.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER STEAMER AGROUND IN THE 6111 P CANAL.

This (Friday) morning at ten o'clock a large steamer, City of Dublin, r.in aground at the bend at Runcorn. She is 361Ifeet long and laden with general cargo, he at present lies right across the waterway, and notwith- standing assistance rendered by swain tugs is likely to so remain until the tide rises about one o'clock. She is drawing just over twenty feet. Captain Waring, Ship Canal superintendent, is aboard.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS THEATRE ROYAL. --- VISIT OF MISS FORTESCUE.

_ Considerably more than usual interest is being evinced in the coming week's "bill Of fare" at the handsome St. Helens Theatre Royal of Mr. Wallace Revill, who undoubtedly deserves every encouragement in his efforts to supply his patrons with plays of the highest order and players of the first rank to represent them. Some of the finest exponents of the histrionic art have visited the town as a result of Mr. Ravill's enterprise in the past and next week the habitues of his charming theatre will have the opportunity of witnessing a series of performances by one of the most accomplished and mo,t beautiful actresses now on the stage of this country. We refer to the announced visit of Miss Fortescue, with her brilliant London company, full partic.ulais of which will be found in our advertising columns. Miss Fortescue's representations will include " Moths" (Monday and Thursday); "Site Stoops to Con- quer " (Tuesday and Saturday), " Charity " (Wednesday), and " Masks and Faces" (Friday). The company by which Miss Fortesque will he supported is an exceptionally stromr one, aud includes well•known names in the theatrical world, amongst whom may be mentioned Miss Ethel Hanson, Miss Em merson, Miss Beatrice Ferrar, Miss Madge Johnstone, and Miss Helen Ferrara ; Mr. Luigi LablaAe, Mr. Wiliam Farm, jun., Mr. Claude Agnew, 'Mr. Reginald Walter, Mr. isoyco Dyes, Mr. John Owen, Mr. Webster Lawson, Mr. A. Willerby, Mr. Charles Med win, Mr. Alban Gibbs, find Mr. John Nesbitt. The performances each evening will be preceded hy the pretty little piece " Nau, the Good • for Nothing.' •

It is stated that the scheme to be submitted for the settlement of. Lord Tharlow's affairs provides for the payment of a composition of 75.81. in the pound within x months, with all costs. CYCLIM—GAIMAND, Sole Agent, Bridge-at., Warring- ton. ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free of charge.—.l. and W. DUTTON. Bankey-st.. Warrington.—Advt, ‘VILINCiI '7G ',IX")EIIN tr..1.;1), , Acr- , zigton.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TETE SHIP CANAL COMPANY AND RUNCORN. ANOTHER MEETING OF THE COUNCIL. THE GRAVING DOCK QUESTION SETTLED.

A specially convened meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council was held on Tuesday evening for the purpose el again considering the graving dock question, and to receive a report of the deputation which waited upon t,e Ship Canal Company the previous day. Mr. unison presided,and there were also present : Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., S. Taylor, J.P., C.C.. J. Prit- chard, F. Wiswall. M. J. Sweetman, H. J. Grice, R. H. ' Posnett, G. H. 9 Kirkham, W. Collier, T. Dean, G. Hewitt, Dr. McKenzie, D. Bisbrown, J. Wilson, W. M. Williams, and F. A. Lake (law • clerk), G. Marshall (secretary), and M. Barker (surveyor). Mr. Lake read the report of the committee which waited upon the Canal Company, which was as follows : —" Your committee beg to report that on the invitation of the Ship Canal Company they with the Law Clerk (Mr. Lake) attended at the company's offices in Man- chester and there had an interview with Mr. Bythell (chairman), Mr. Southern, a director of the company, Sir Leader Williams, Mr. Whit- worth, Mr. Marshall Stevens, and Mr. Meadowcroft. The members of the committee present were Messrs. Imison; Speakman, Taylor, Lightburn and Pritchard. It was decided to deal with the items named in the letter from the Council of the 19ch inst. seriatim. —Mr. Bythell at once stated that the Company could not accept the condition named in item one, viz., that for a ten years' option of establishing a graving dock,west of the railway bridge, on the groued that it would interfere with the development ol the Company's docks, etc. Your committee pointed out that an absolute waiver of the graving dock could not be granted, except on some sueli condition, and suggested as an altereative the sus- pension of the graving dock clause in the agreement of 1890 for 20 or 25 years. After some discussion, Mr. Bythell agreed to advise the Company to accept the alternative proposal, and ultimately, after consultation with Mr. Southern, and the Company's officials, gave a decided acceptance on behalf of the Company of the pro- posal. All the other items mentioned in the letter or the 19th inst. were then considered, and subject to various explanations which are specified in Mr. Whitworth's letter of the 25th inst.,hereto annexed,were accepted by the Company... The proposed works wilt result in a con- tinuous deep layby, inclusive of the existing one, of 1,530 feet. Your Committee consider the terms as settled

by them highly satisfactory and advantageous to the town and trade of Runcorn, and strongly recommend the Council to allow the agreement of the Ist September, 1890,as set forth in the aforesaid terms." The Law Clerk then read the following communica- tion from Mr. Whitworth, dated March 25th. " Dear Sir,—l have the pleasure to confirm the arrangements which your deputation made with the Chairman of the Company to-day, subject to the approval of your Coun- cil. The most convenient course will be to deal with the items as mentioned in your letter of the 19th inst., and state (1) which of them have been agreed to without charge, and (2) the modifications which have now been mutually agreed upon. Item 1. The proposal that land should be Eet apart for a graving deck west of Runcorn Bridge is snail- doued, and in lieu theretif it is agreed that the construc- tion of the graving dock mentioned in the agreement of 1890 shall be postponed for a term of 25 years. Item 2. Your proposals are agreed to with the ex- ception that the Company have the option to reinstate the eld manure wharf with sufficient depth for barges, as a fulfilment of the obligation to provide a wharf. Item 3 and 4 agreed to. Item 7 agreed to. Item 8. fhe Company agree to maintain 124 feet depth and the new jetties. The coal tip is to be the one previously in use at, the Weston docks, but it is to be timed with a duplicate shoot for loading salt. Tne Company will pay the costs connected wail the proposed agreement. The plan of the pro- posed new wharfage, jett,ies, and coal tip was sub- mitted to the deputation to-day and is enclosed herewith fur further inspection and fDr the approval of your Council. It is understood that the plan for these works is to be approved before the agreement is signed, so as to avoid any argument afterwards." Mr. Speakman said he had the greatest possible pleasure in moving the adoption of this report. He was glad to say that in committee the report was practic- ally accepted unanimously, and it was for the Boatel now to repeat what they had done in committee. For the reascus he had stated in committee it would be wise her them to do so. In the first place the Ship Canal Company were conceding what a great number of the innauitants of Runcorn would consider a wise proceed- ing, thattwas an extended lay-by. The Council had secured really as much again as was first offered in the form of lay-by, and that the Council ever thought of getting. Instead of the coal tip being brought right amongst the clay and other delicate things that were , shipped and transhipped at the lay-by,it was to be fixed almost at Weston Point. The committee were also de- sirous that besides the coal tip there should be provision for the shipment of salt, and the Company had conceded a shoot by which the largest vessels that entered the Ship Canal could be load.d at Weston Point,in the same manner as coal and other goods of that kind could be shipped. He thought there was a distinct advantage. Ml the other little things that had" been spoken of had been agreed to so that there was now nothing between the Council and the Company, and he hoped the mem- bers would accept the plans and the report unaisi- mously. Mr. Pritchard said it was with a very great deal of satisfaction that he seconded the motion because he believtd that these trading taeilities would be a greater boon than a graving dock alone. The trading facilities offered to the Council now were two shipways, and 1,530 feet of lay-by with coal and salt tip provided on Abe Ship Canal, and other advantages besides. He should like the Council to come to a unanimous vote upon a matter of this imp-.r ance, arid he urged it on this grouteLthat the directors of the Ship Canal had met the Council in the most generous and liberal manner with regard to the cencessions they had made. (Hear, hear.) The directors took their stand up to the previ- eats day upon art absolute waiving of the-graving dock, but they had recognised the strong feeling that existed in the town on the subject, and the deputation induced them to agree to a supervision of the clause, (which would be in force in the future equally as it had been in the past), and this without withdrawing but really add- ing to the other facilities that were asked for previously. 'I hey had made lacings to the jetties 25 feet instead of 20 trot, and Sir Leader Williams had shown the deputa- tion that the cost would be considerably more than was contemplated a fortnight ago. He (Mr. Pritchard) con- sidered the Ship Canal directors were favourably dis- posed to Runcorn. He was sure they had the goodwill of Mr. Bythell—(hear, hear) and if anything could be shown for the good of the community of Runcorn, he was certain they would have the support of Mr. Bythell, and the weight of his influence as chairman of directors. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Lightburn supported the proposition with the greatest pleasure and remarked that the Council might congratulate themselves and the people of Runcorn on , the favourable termination of very anxious negotia- , tions. . - ..

Mr. Taylor observed that Runcurn in the future would need to feel thankful for this agreement being carried out. Mr. Lightburn, supplementing what he had prt viously sail, exinained that any, authoritative and well con- sidered grievance from members of carrying bodies or other trade, if put before the Council would receive kind consideration and tits consideration of Mr. Bethel!. Mr. Williams: Is it not a fact that we had some statistics from Mr.Ab€,l in reference to diminished traffic. I consider this one of the greatest grievances that exists. Has that been placed before the directors ? • Mr.Lightburn replied that besides Mr. Abel's statistics other facts were placed before Mr.Bythell,and as he has previously stated they pressed them with all the energy which was consistent with propriety. (fiear,hear.) Mr. Williams thought this grievance should be forced home. If they had made a good bargain let them try to make a better one.

Mr. Grice said that he had a strong feeling that the course taken by the Council would be very satisfactory to the general public of Runcorn. Mr. Collier said it was such a uovzlty to be in a majo- rity that he could not help taking advantage of the sen- sation—(laughter)—and express great pleasure in sup- porting the motion. Mr. Bisbrown thought, even at the risk of being con- sidered a mutual admiration society, the Council ought to congratulate the Committee on the work accomp- lished. They had a strong public feeling at their backs in the action they took. Mr. Posnett pointed out that one point had not been mentioned, and that was about the plans being satis- factory to the meeting before the agreement was signed. Were the plans satisfactory to the deputation who met the Ship Canal directors ? Mr. Taylor : I think that is the Committee's opinion. Mr. Speakman : We were satisfied as a Committee in Manchester yesterday, but as we were to meet to-night we obtained Cho plans so that you might be satisfied as well. Dr.Mclienzie said he was quite in accord with all that had been done by the Committee. They had obtained much m, re than was expected and there was a great deal of credit due to them.

Mr. Pritchard remarked that as to carrying out the work, Mr. Southern, chairman of the Finance Commit- tee of the Manchester Corporation attended:at the con- ference on the previous day.and there was no doubt the money would be set apart as soon as the vdte of that Council was known; and Mr. Bythell gave an assurance that the contracts would be put in hand at once, and the work go forward. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman said one of the features of the case, which had not been brought prominently before the Council, and one which augured well for the tuture,vras I this: the unwillingness of the directors to reserve a piece :vr ,f ten_ ; c4ka.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
1 2bbertfamtitt not eiaostatb.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS CONGREGATIONAI• CHURCH.

A THREE DAYS SALE OF WORK WILL BE HELD IN THE SCHOOLROOM, On APRIL 4TEE, STH, and 6TH, 1895,

To defray the expense of cleaning, decorating and relighting the church.

MUSICAL and other ENTERTAINMENTS will be gives. at intervals.

THE SALTS WILL BE OPENED AT 3.0 p.m. On THURSDAY by IC MACRAE, Esq., LP., Crewe. FRIDAY by B. B. GLOVER, Esq., J.P., St. Helens. SATURDAY by A. SYME, Esq., Newton. ADMISsION:—Season ticket, One Shilling; Day ticket, Thursday, Sixpence ; Friday or Saturday, Threepence. WANTED, Good GENERAL SERVANT age about 20 Wages £I2 Mrs. TAYLoe,343 Manchester-road. Holilu- wood. Near Oldham.

WANTBD, clean reqpectable GIRL, 15 to 18, for boom+ work : good home—Apply 171,Chorley-road, Swinton. Manchester.

WANTED. - Good single hatv-ted GARDENER, married. wi hout family; w le good laundress ; Seetehman preferred ; abstainer.—Apply to W. B. GARNETT-Bon-mu), The Hut, Elkhop's Castle.

DA.EK Brahma Eggs, Webster's. Berry's, Else's direct. 3s. •d. doz. ; unfertile replaced.—.Bs. WRENCH, Betley, Crewe.

/IBA MSSIAN WASTED. married :cottage fcund ; must be ..I. steady ; and good plou ,tunan.—Apply J. WORTHINGTON. Cheadle Wood Cheadle

WHITE Roeecomb Dorkirgs HIGGS, pare bred, bees strains, itt. dozen, Guaranteed fertile i—iiliee DRYDEN. CanontAabby, Brield.

LANGSHAN EGGS, very best strains. on unlimited graa—a run 3S. dozen. Guaranteed fertile .—Miss DRYDEN. Canons Ashby, Bylield.

I VGGS Now ready from My Splendid Pen of Pure Black Minoreas 3s. dozen,—C. lijywiaD. Princes-street. Wellington, Salop.

GENERAL—Wanted a good, strong, experienced GIRL. for doctor's house ; plain cooking, £l6 a year, age over 23, groom kept.—Apply ut once to Mrs. GIFFORD, Darwen.

AS GROOM, under a coachman or otherwise.—Rev. U. PALMER, Wanlip, Leicester, wishes to recommend steady, sober, very hone,t, ride, drive, good stable MAU ; smart. age 21.

LIGGS FOR SlTTlNG.—Parties desiring good and reliable _ll2l EGGS, before buying should inspect my Pens of the following varieties :—Black Minorcas, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorn'', Houdans, Light Bramahs, Langshans, Rose and Single Orpingtons. Plymouth Rocks. Buff Cochins, all at 3s. a sitting: Indian Game 45. Also first crosses of the following breeds i—Houdan, Orpingtons, Golden Embargo, Golden Wyandottes, Brown Leghorns crossed with Buff Cochins, Indian Game, Howlans all at 2s. per sitting.—At, HENRY DRAPER'S, Mather-lane, Lowton, near Newton-le- Willows. No business done on Sunday.

'AIRL Wanted, about 15, for housework ; three in tamily. Letters only.—PnualPsox, 108. Yar burgh-street, Alexandra Park, Manchester.

EILYMOUTH ROCK EGGS from prize winners, mated to 1_ produce p,ood layers aid exhibition bird. Butterfield' and btainey's challenge cup strains. se. elttiug fertility guaranteed.— CADMAN, Codsallwood. Wolverhampton.

EGHS from carefully selected large-crested Houdana (Hunter's strain) ; 4s. sitting " Bszaar " certificate. Miss BAILEY, Boningale House. Albrighton, Wolverhampton.

PARTMENIS.-2,1111 BAMFORD, 10, Albert-road. Clee- thorpes, near Pier Head and Station. Terms very moderate.

NATANTED GENERAL, experienced. with character, not under 20; younger girl kept ; good wages and comfort- able home for competent servant.-2drs. TRENAhi, 27,Brighton Grove, ltusholme, Manchester.

ON cALM.—liapital hilik Float, in good condition with movable cover, or exchange for lorry, also cart horse age 9 years, sound. and good worker, V.S. allowed, also contractor's cart, neirly new with loose sides.—Apply J. GALLIFORD, 6 Warrhagton-road, Platt bridge, Wigan.

f\TOTICE.—To buyers of YOUNG and STORR PIGS- -11 R. D. GARRiTT. Bcrton, Arnpthiil. Both, can supply splendid quality and valuethis year.—Without license, write for particulars for reference.

PRIZI3 STRAlN—Specially hardy bred—Blhck Minorca,— Splendid layers. large eggs (Cock Butterfield's). 23. 6d Sitting. lintertile replaced. Pure. faulty Cockerel and pullets 55. 6d. palr.--BRLDLET,WAVERTON, Chester.

T ADI S' BEST FRIEND. L

Married or Single I adles aft uld send at once for MADAME LILLY'S ILLUSTRA.IF,D GUIDE, Post free, Retied, two stamps ; Invaluable information of never failing remedies for Irregularities and Obstructions, obstinate or long-standing.. . .

rarticulars and Testim7ninls,stamped envelope. The only effectual remedy that does not c,ntain poisonous or dangerous drugs; cannot hurt the moot dello de. Advice, stamped envelope. MADAME E. A. LILLY, COLSTON-ST., BRISTOL.

11) WEEKLY. Best thing on earth. Don't talk hard timee. Everybody. No canvassing or gamb- ling. Strictly commercial. Enckee stamp.—WaLaintry Co., 19a, Corporation-st., Manchesier.

WARRINGTON PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY.

The monthly meeting of the above Society Was held in the committee room of the Museum, on Tuesday evening. There was a good muster of mem- bers, and the chair wee occupied by the president, Mr. J. Fairhurst. The chairman in opening the pro- ceedings announced that very advantageous terms had been made with the Museum Committee, with regard to the use of the committee room for the meetings of the Society. He also thanked the Council for electing him the president for the en- suing year. He said that he would do all he poe- sibly could to promote the well-being of the society. He said that lecture work would be the ,ilbject for the evening. This was a subject which was an in- teresting one and in which many members, him- self included would like to have an increased know- ledge. The programme of the evening was then proceeded with, and consisted of slides exhibited upon the screen, illustrative of " Jane Conquest," and "Gabriel Grubb," the slides being kindly lent by Mr. Dalton, the treasurer. A few slides belonging to members were also exhibited upon the screen. Mr. 1). Stone was the lantern manipulator. At the close of the meeting Mr.Fair- burst called attention to a paragraph upon the dr- cular,Frorn Mr. Pritchard,the secretary, stating that he had been offered, and had ficcepted, the manage- ment of the Edge Hill bookstall of Messrs. W. 11. Smith . and Son, and should probably be away before the issue of the next circular. He therefore, took this opportunity of bidding each member "Forewell,"and of thanking one and all for the kindness shown to him during tne four years he had acted as secretary. He trusted that the same help would be given to whoever might suc- ceed him. That the seciety might go on and pros- per was his only wish, and though far away, he should watch the linings of the society and look back upon the time st;ent. in their midst with plea- sure. Mr. Fairhurst said that he was sorry that Mr. Pritchard was leaving them, and be proposed a vote of thanks to him for his past seavices. lie hoped that he would prosper in his new sphere. The motion was seconded and carried with accla- mation. Mr. Pritchard in reply, thanked the mem- bers for their vote, and said that he regretted leav- ing them. The meeting was then brought to a termination.

WORKINGMEN'S MISSION BANK QUAY.-RE-OPEN-

ING SERVICES.

The above mission has. durin. g the past few sombre ecltoie look weeks, been undergoing a complete renovation, and a their ves. aaps paerateilete, thleheinwsiadlels havehas lonowst and are painted in variegated colours, and decked vith passages from scripture. The pulpit, choir seats, and pews have also been varnished. We gave a tull description of the decorations in our last issue, and much praise is due to Mr. John Unsworth, of 18, Manley-street, for, the able and efficient , manner in which he has preformed his duties The re-opening services were held on Sunday, when the , preacher in the morning and evening was Mr. W. ' Boote. of Liverpool. They were good attendances at each service. The morning's discourse was from 2 Thesalonians 1 c.,1 and 2 v. In the a f ternoon,a sacred cantata entitled "Jesus of Nazareth " was rendered by the choir. Mr. Boote presiding. The soloists were Miss Ashley, Mrs Joseph Monks, jun. Messrs. N. Cooke, S. Millington and S Bassall. The solos and choruses were rendered in an rixe,illeiat manner and with great taste. Mr. Boote at Cie close of the afternoon, expressed his admiration at the manner in which the choir had performed their task. Great credit is due to Mr. .T Mills, the conductor, and Mr. F. Atkinson, the organist, for the pat they took in promoting the success of the afternoon. In the evening the choir ably rendered the anthem," I will lift up my eyes unto the hills," and Mrs. Joseph Nionks. jun .and Miss Ashley were equqlly success- ful in their interpretation of the solos, " Hear my Prayer, 0' heavenly Father," and "The Better Land." Collections were made at each service to cover the cost of the reirication, and the total amount realised was .£26 10s. Considering the unfavourable state of the weather, this amount is very satisfactory. LAWN MOWEILS. —GARLAND Ironm3nger. Warrinzton and Earlestown.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
. '

pointed to an immediate development of Runcorn when the Company were in a position to do it, and when the demands of the place would justify the expenditure. (Hoar, hear.) This showed that the deep docks were not so far in the future as some of them had begun to fear. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Speakman on being called upon to reply, said he had only. to ask that they should be unanimous, particuarly now that they had got Mr. Collier in. (Laughter.) The whole of the members voted for the motion, with the exception of Mr. Kirkham, who did not vote. Mr. Speakman then moved the following resolution, endorsing the decision which had been come to. Mr. Bisbrown seconded the proposition which was carried. Mr. Kirkham again did not vote. THE BURIAL BOARD AND THE RATES. . .

- ----- Mr. Lake explained that at the last meeting of the Council with regard to taking over the Burial Board, a misapprehension arose as to the rate on which the expense would fall. Owing to the sudden measure in which the matter was carried they had not time to look up all the authorities on the matter, and the Council was then advised that probably the expenditure would fall upon the district rate instead of the poor rate, the reason for that being that part of certain Burial Acts were incorporated in the Public Health Act, and also to the anomaly of one rate levying authority having to ask another authority to levy a rate for them to spen I. On looking into the varieus Acts of Parliament he found the rate would fall on the poor rate and not on the district rate. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman thought the Law Clerk had been some- what at a disadvantage. They were none of them as fit as they would like to have been at midnight, after a long dav's work—(laughter),—especially as they had not the books at hand which were necessary in order Ito arrive at the whole of the facts of the case at the time. Mr. Lake merely gave his opinion in a casual sort of way ; he did not commit himself, and he was sure they were all glad to hear the explanation and to learn that gone of the dire results!which were prophesied were likely to come upon them. (Laughter.) Mr. Williams : I think the mover of the resolution was aware of the fact. Mr. Wilson said he doubted the statment made at the last meeting and felt convinced there was an error some- where. He was glad the matter had been squared up so straightforwardly and the misapprehension removed. Mr. Speakman was glad the matter had been put right. He had not the slightest objection to the moving of the resolution, it was to theelateness of the hour he objected to. _ _

The meeting then went into Committee to consider the standing orders.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
A CLAIM FOR SALVAGE.

A RUNCORN CREW COMPLIMENTED.

At the Liverpool County Court, on Friday, before his Honour Judge Collier, and Messrs. Reay and Macginnis, nautical assessors, the owners, master and crew of the Manchester Ship Canal Company's hopper No. 1, belonging to Runcorn, brought an action to recaver the sum of £3OO from the Uverpool Steam Tug Company, for salvage services rendered to the steam tug Pathfinder whilst she was in _ a sinking condition in the River Mersey, on February sth. The. value of the tug was stated to be £5OO as she then lay, and that of the Hopper £4,000. Mr. A. G. Steele represented the claimants,and Mr. Miller, of the firm of Messrs. Miller, and Williamson, appeared for the defendants. _ . . .

'Charles Peacock, Ben., captain of the hopper, deposed that on the day in question he observed the tug, Pathfinder, coining down the river and a flat proceeding in the opposite direction. Toe two forci- bly collided, with the result that the Pathfinder was very seriously damaged, so touch so that she was in a sinking condition. Be immediately proceeded to the spot to render what assistance he could. On reaching her he round that sir had been deserted by her crew who had left by means of their own boat. He requested his son Charles to go on board, and fasten ropes to her. This having boen accomplished, he towed , the tug to Duke's D...cks, where she was safely berthed This was done at great risk to the lives of the crew of the hopper, and more especially to that of his son, should anything have happened in the shape of the boiler bursting through the contraction caused by the cold water, as she was fast filling. Charles Peacock, jun., and Joseph Shaw; jun., of Picow-street, Runcorn, a Mersey pilot, gave corrobora- tive evidence.

Mr. Miller for the defence, argued that the collision occurred through the negligence of those in charge of the flat, and further that the Pathfinder would have been rescued by their own steamer.

The judge, after a private deliberation with the. nau- tical asorssors, found that there was great danger and commended strong;y both captain and son upon the valuable services rendered. The court could not do better than award them £65 in addition to the £lO paid into court.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN MUSIC,IL SOCIETY'S

CONCE RT.

Those who attended the Runcorn Musical Society's concert held in the Public Hall on Monday evening,were provided with a musical treat. It was the last concert of the season by the society, and it will be remembered as one in which a high standard of excellence was at- tether!. Mr.F. H. Crossley,the capable conductor of the society,was justly pleased with the performance, and at the close he stated to an " Examiner reporter that it was "the best concert the sodety has yet given." The Runcorn Musical Society has, under Mr. Crossley's 'regime vastly improved. The membership has now reached to almost hundred, and the three concerts given during the present season have been evidence of the painstaking care he has bestowed in training the members in their work. The performance on Monday night consisted of two sacred pieces—Mendelssohn's " Hear my Prayer," and Spohr's "Last Judgment." Of course, the former selection was merely introductory, consisting purely of a solo and chorus, in which Miss Creasey was the soloist. It is only fair to state that the society was assisted by a small contingent of War- ringzon vocalists and instrumentalists. The well-known "War Marcia of the Priests," in Mendelssohti's "Athalie,' served as an overture, and in this the instrumentalists , distinguished themselves, and were deservedly ap- plauded. Miss Creasey's interpretation of the pathetic and pleading appeal in the 8010 "Hear my Prayer, 0 God,incline Thine ear" won for her at once the generous applause of the auditory. The honours in regard to this must be shared by the chorus, who succeeded in bring- ieg it to a fitting climax. Of the chief piece of the erening—Spohr's "Last Judgment " —it cannot be better described than in the words of Professor Taylor, who in his preface to the English edition 'if Sp:uir's second oratorio " Calvary says :—" Perhaps there is no instance of a similar work, under like circumstances, having attained such speedy celebrity and such high estimation, as 'The Last Judg- ment.' Before the performance of this oratorio at the Norwich Festival, in 1830, Spohr was little heard of in this country beyond the orchestra and audience of the Philharmonic Concerts ; while, as a sacred writer, he was unknown. Yet, produced without the sanction of metropolitan approbation, new to every performer and every auditor, it at once seized the public attentioreand aommanded the admiration of the most distinguished professors of every school. Its influence upon the feel- ings of an audience has been attested by expressions more decided and unequivocal than I ever remember to have witnessed. I speak not or the admiration which the aturrician deri Visor frem snob a display ef the power and resources of his art, nut to the 11..innge which nature though musically untutored, inv. lontarily,yet pays to geoius. . The throbbine heart. the moistening eye, the qui verisg lip, here bespeak the triumph if the cornp:eter." The leading vocalisls were Mies Bettie Creasey, Miss Amy Banks, Mr. E. Dunkerton, and Mr. Bell Grove`, a quartette who proved themselves equal to the exigencies of the occasion. The work contains many graceful and telling solo passages, full of delicate and deeply pathetic touches, which were made the most of try the vocalists. Of the concerted music, the fascinating quaitette •• Yes, every tear and every sorrow the Lord shall wipe away from their eyes," and the thrilling duet, " Forsake me not in this dread hour," are worthy of special mention. In this latter piece, Miss Creasey (soprano), and Mr. Dun- kerton (tenor), in response to the emphatic applause of the audience, bowed their acknowledgements. The c4ottis 'throughout acquitted itself admirably. 'rhe idbustness of attack, and the s Ade gradations of tone being all that could be wisheii for. The two conclud- ing choruses, "Great and wonderful are all Thy works " and "Thine is the kingdom, the power and the glory," were pieces which gave the chorus an opportunity of displaying their powers, end it must be admitted that they gave a very creditable rendition of them. The orchestra was well t (ripped for its important work, for the " Last Judgment " is an oratorio abounding in diffi- cult—though delightful—passages. In the tuneful over- ture, and the majestic symphony prior to the solo " It ia ended," and also in the onerous choruses, they played with musicianly taste and skilLand much of the success of the concert is attributable to them. Mr. Frank H. Crossley, the conductor, wielded the baton throughout the evening, and to him a meecl of praise is due for the able and energetic mariner with which he piloted all, through manifold difficulties,

Look out for the new preparations with high-sounding names. They are ai,t t., te w-ethleas. Do not let them lead you away from a standard preparation like Scdtt's Emulsion. Pls other preparation is the market is so goJel for wasting (Usea es like consumption. scrofula. anemia, or for loss of flesh emaciatien, weak lungs. bronchitis and wasting diseases 'of children. (1). One of the most effective cures for Scrofula Is Scott's Bond- on. Al akin erst;lti MAI and disorders of the blood are cured by this great remely. stud the blood is left rich and healthy. Anemia is alsoovercorr. Tnin, emaciated or anemic women "mold not fad to take Sett' s Emulsion. " Clncony's Coco& has in a remarkable cle.cree thwe natural eldtunsatis of so t.s, me which give the *yawn ndunmee an building no .nua.:le nri,l I, olt th..t r..t.1(1.31:5 Au a mo.t taliaba I nel acceptable beve,age."—flealth.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
- INFLUENZA. AND GENERAL WEAKNESS

18, PRESCOT T-STREET, OFF CLOwES-STREET, WEST GORTON, SIANCHESTER, DECEMBER 772, 1894. • DEAR Strz,—l beg to testify to the value of GWILYM Everts' Quistlia BITTERS, and I think that you cannot recommend them too well. About a fortnight since I left my work—l commenced my illneas by feeling starved, and a nasty stinging and shooting pain in my head; a doctor was called in, and he said it was the Influenza, and I ,uffered for over a week of the pains in my head, end the doctor's medicine did me no good, till at last the mistress of thi4 house (I am in lodgings here) fell ill with the same symptoms of illness till her husband advised us to try A bottle of your Bitters. He got a is. lid. bottle, and I may tell you the first &se gave us telief. After this we got a 23. 9d. bottle, and now we are all right and I am at my work now, and I have no doubt that if I had taken the Bitters at first I shnold have lost no work, and I owe my recovery to the bene- tcial virtues of your medicine, ani I beg to tender to you my sincere thanks for producing such a valuable medicine to suffering humanity. I shall recommend it to all my friends, and I cannot speak too highly of it, as it is worth its weight in gold. (Signed) JAMES SAG AR. GWILY NI EVANS' QUIN IN E BITTERS is strongly recommended to all patients who are or have been suffering from INFLUENZA, and also patients who are convalescent after Fevers, Colds, Bronchitis, Sec., and are slaw in recovering their accusto ned strength and spirits. G w ILYA EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. ADVANTAGES CLAIMED. 1. It is Purely Vegetable, and contains no Iron or

plercury. 2. It is a happy c,,nabination of Quinine with other Medicines. 3. It is scientifically prepared. 4. Illenjays the confidence of eminent Meilice-1 Igen. 5. It strikes at the source of the Disease, and is superior to all other Bitters prepared, as testified by hundreds of testimonials from all parts of the world. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Sold in 25. 9d. and 4s. 61. bottles. Samples ls.w.size cir See the name " Gwilym Evans" on stamp, label, sod bottle. This is important, as there are numerous. imitations. PROPRIETORS : QUININE BITTERS CO., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A WIFE'S DISSOLUTE BEHAVIOUR. At the Warrington Bor-augh Police Court. on Friday,last week before Alderman Flarrison (chairman) andother nine' istrates, Harriet Hill 36 Watkin-st., was charged with having on the 14th March and divers dates neglected her children, Elizabeth, Mary, Joseph, John, and Thomas in a manuer likely to injure their health.—Mr. Buckton, solicitor, prosecuted on behalf of the N.3.P.C.C., and said the defendant's husband was a labourer and a decent man. The neglect complained of was doe to the constant habits of drunkenness by the defendant. The husband worked regularly and gets 235. a week, and his wife spent it all in drink and pawned anything that he bought to supply the house with. Sometimes she had gone out of the house in the morning and not re- turned until midnight. On one occasion a travelling packman called at the house and defendant bought goods from him to the extent of 17s. 61. which she had to pay in weekly instalments. The next day she pawned 1 them all. The husband natura ly wished to do the best he could but he could not manage his wife. The chit- -siren were very dirty and the house was left in charge of the second girl aged 11 while the eldest aged 15 worked as a fustian cutter.—lnspector McAteer deposed that on the 14th of the present month he went in company with Detective-Sergeant Monaghan to defendant's house and there found three children, Mary 11, John 4, and Joseph 7, all in a deplorable condition, and the girl that was in charge of the house had nothing on but a frock. She seemed starved and there was neither fire nor wood in the house. Witness had visited the house about 12 times in the last six months and many times he had remonstrated with the woman to no effect. Detective Sergeant Monagan corroborated. The husband of the defendant was called and he stated that he could do no good at all with his wile, and it was no use his trying, and the statements made by the Inspec- tor were true. If he bought anything she pawned it and during the recent cold weather she had taken the child's shoes off and pawned them.—Alderman Harrison in expressing his condemnation of the defendant's con- duct said she deserved to be turned out of the house. She being willing to go to a home the case was ad- journed for a month in order that Mr. Taylor, the P.C.M. might take her to the C.E.T.S. shelter. MISPLACED CHARITY. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Saturday before Mr. J. Burgess and other magistrates. Henry Charles Withers was charged with stealing 225. from Rebecca Locker, 8, Mill-street.on the 12th of March inst. Defendant pleaded guilty.—Mr. Hunt stated that the complainant was a green-grocer and occupied a shop in Mill-street. The defendant was a hawker, 18 years of age and living at School Brow. On the Ist of the pre. sent month he applied to Mrs. Locker for work and she seeing that he looked a decent lad took him in and gave him food and board. On the 12th inst defendant went out with Mrs. Locker's donkey and cart loaded with goods to the value 225. Nothing was heard of him until about 5 A'clock the same day when complainant received information that her donkey and cart were under the archway at Bank Quay station. The complainant then went and found the animal but no trace of the defendant or the goods. Detective Monaghan was informed and he subsequently apprehended the defendamt who when Charged said" I sold the goods for a sovereign and left the donkey and cart near Bank Quay Station and went to Manchester, got some beer, and was robbed of half a sovereign."—The Bench:sent him to gaol,for 14 days'hard labour. AN ALLEGED FRAUDULENT FORGEMAN. At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Monday morning, before the Mayor and a full bench of magis- trates, Thomas Stephens, no fixed abode, was charged with stealing by means of a trick, from Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, Bewsey Forge, on Thursday afternoon, the sum of 4s. in cash.—The Chief. Constable stated to the magistrates that defendant had been employed by the Company to take bye-turns and on the Thursday after- noon the relief cashier was paying some of the men and among them the defendant, who, Mr. Hunt stated, had called out the number of another man and received his money 4s. A man named George Williams then said "You are not 24, you are 44," and defendant said" You can't count." Mr. Wallington, the relief cashier, then asked defendant if he worked for Donoghue (24), and defendant said " Yea " and walked away. Later, Donoghue (24) came for his money and found that de- fendant had received it. Information was given to Detective Monaghan and Sergeant Lawrence from the forge, and defendant was caught on Sunday night„—Mr. T. Wallington said that in the absence of the regular cashier he had paid the money that day. In his evidence he corroborated Mr. Hunt, adding however that defend- ant was entitled to 4s. but not as 24.—Stephens denied that the money be received was not his own, and the magistrates considering there was a:doubt in the case dismissed the defendant.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
, MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. FRlDAY—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Dr. -Gornall, Mr S. Chandley, Councillor Roberts; and Alderman Wright. PAST REDENAPTIoN.—Bernard Hennigan, 12, Buckley- at. was charged with stealing from Henry Bate, on Thlirsday morning, two cheques value sd. Detective Sergeany. Monaghan said that on Thursday morning the defendant had been given the two cheques by com- plainant to purchase two pints of beer. He had thrown the bottles away and bought tobacco with the beer cheques. Witness had apprehended him and found the tobacco upon him. Sergeant Lawrence, Bewsey Forge, said the defendant had no right on the premises at the time the complainant gave him the cheques. Defendant had also been to a home but would not stop there.—The magistrates decided to send defendant to gaol for 14 days' hard labour. ALLEGED liraLEcr.—Samuel and Annie Beckett were -charged with neglecting their two children.—lnspector McAteer. N.S.P.C.C., said that the defendants had been before the Court on the 14th January, and the case ad- journed a month. He had since visited them and found the house slightly cleaner, but the children pretty much the same. He applied for a withdrawal of the summons in order to give the defendants further oppor- tunity to reform.—The magistrates granted the appeal. LODGING-HOUSE KEEPERS FINRD.—John Farrell was tined the nests. Bs. 6.1., tor having allowed the lodging house of which he held the license, to be occupied by more than the proper nu nibt r of persons.—John Hines, Bill-at., was fined 2-i. 6il. and costs for allowing the sleeping-places of two married couples in his lodging house to be ineffectually screened on the 20th March.— Richard Tickle. 3, Turner-st.,was charged with not hav- ing on the 18th March, removed the filth from his lodging-house ; also with permuting the floors to he im- properly swept ; also with not keeping clean the bed clothes, and, further, with not keeping the windows of the said house clean. uisi cw Inspector Norman proved the case, and defendant was fined 10i. and costs. As this was his seventh appearance in twelve months, on the application tit the Inspector and defendant's willing- ness, the license was cancelled. MOONLIGHT FLITTINC.—DanieI Perry, Cartwright-fit., (who did no appear) was charged with unlawfully removing his goods to avoid a distress warrant and Jeremiah Skidmore, 22, Lilferd-st., was charged with aiding and abetting him in the offence.—Mr. A. Browne,

solicitor, prosecuted on behalf of the complainant, Mr. Wilkinson. fustian cutter. He said that Perry had paid Skidmore to remove the goods in the night and thelatter had done so after being cautioned by P.C. Bell. The case was proved and Skidmore was fined 15s. including costs and Perry 40a. and costs. • ASSAULT ON & COUNTY COURT BAlLlFF.—Williatn Henry Griffiths, Nichnlsen-street, was charged with assaulting Michael John Knight, a County Court bailiff on Saturday the 16th.—Mr. A. Browne prosecuted and said that on SAturday night the complainant was talking to a friend in Bridge-street when the defendant came up and after a word or two struck him in the mouth wiai his fist, causing complainant have his lips stitched. Mr. Browne said that if this sort of thing was allowed it would not be safe for Knight to go about the streets. Corroborative evidence having been given defendant was

_ fined 10s, and costs. SaTugnev.—Before Mr. John Burgess (chairman), Mr. J. Geddes and Mr. S. Wright. BEGGINO.—John Harrison, Ince, was charged with begging in Florsemarket-street, on Friday night. P.C. Clarke proved seeing the defendant begging, and when be did not receive anything he used foul language to the nerson whom he had asked. He was sent to gaol for

7 days hard labour. MONDAY —Before the Mayor (chairman). Messrs. F. Monks, W. Pierpoint, J. W. Hayward, Alderman Fran- comb and T. Birchen. MORS STREET FOOTBALLIRS.—Ernest North, 150, Battereby-lane, Henry Griffith, 51, Nicholson-St., Heery Lea, 26, Factory-lane, George Rickers, 21, Elizabeth-5t.. Ernest Johnson, 56, Aiken-st., and John Wilcox, 29, Allan-st., all lads, whose ages ranged from 13 to 16,were charred with playing football in Spring,field-street, on the 15th March, to the annoyance of passengers.—P.C. Berry proved the ease and said the defendants had been cautioned before.—they were fined 2s. 6d. each. CARD PLAYING —John Beanies. (16), 5, Dial-court : Thomas Hopwood (14). 13, Dakin's-court ; and Richard Bainforth (15), 32, Oliver-street, were charged with playing a game of chance called" banker " in Crown- street, on the 20:h March.—P.C. Berry proved the case, and Bamforth and Hopwood were locked up separately for 24 hours, and Baguley, the worst of the three, for 48 hours. NEGLIGENT DRIVERS. --Philip Naylor, 3, Bennett-it., carter, was fined ss. including costs for not having proper control over his horse and lurry in Knutsford- road on the 20th March; Thom as Fox, 15 Norman-et., and Thomas Morris, 56. rurner-st., were fined a similar amount for the same offence in. the same place and date. CHIMNEY ON Funs. —David Smith, 42, Liverpool-road, was fined ss. including costs for wilfully setting fire to the chimney of his dwelline-house on the 20th March. THE 'Bus DRIVER'S BADGE QUESTION AGAll4.—William Cliffe, 260, Knuisford-road, was charged with having on the 20th March, while being the driver of a 'bus neg- lected to wear his badge as required by the bye-laws.— P.C. Fish stated that at 2.20 On the day in question he saw the defendant in Horsemarket-St., driving the Stockton Heath 'bus, and not wearing his badge. He spoke to defendant who pulled it from under his coat and asked bim what more he wanted. Defendant, in court, stoutly denied being without his badge or not having it in a proper position, saying that at the time he had just put on his overcoat which momentarily screened the badge.—The Bench dealt leniently with the defendant who was alhawed to go on payment of 2s. 61. TRICKING THE FOLICE.—ThIrTIAS Turner, 10, M irket- st., was charged with being drunk in Sankey-st., whilst in charge of a horse and cart on the 15th inst. ; he was also charged with driving furiously in VVinwick-at., on the same date.—P.C. Turner deposed that lie had seen the defendaet so drunk in Sankey-street with a horse and cart that he refused to let him drive. A companion was with defendant at the time and at their request not to show the defendant up in the street witness allowed him to drive the vehicle to the police station. However, on nearing that place the man driving betrayed his trust, and whipping up the horses, bolted, leaving the officer in the lurch.—Defendant was fined sr. and coste. —P.C. Evans proved the second charge and defendant was fined the same sum for that offence. A COOL THlCK.—Henry Lawson, 1 Clothhall-yard,was charged with stealing from the shop of Isaac Houghton on saturday afternoon, a man's coat.—Mr. Bust stated that on the afternoon in question the defendant went to complainant's shop and redeemed some pledged articles which he paid for. On going out he was seen to take the coat (produced) from the shop and place it under- neath his arm. He was watched and went into the " Legh Arms "where P.C. Hardy apprehended him.— The bench inflieted a penalty of 103. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY,—John Whittaker, Friar's Green, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Horsemarket-street, on Saturday night. The case, was prayed and defendant who had not been up for 12 months was asked if he would keep away if he would allowed to go. To this he replied candidly. "I can't say that, sir," an answer that caused some amusement, and on the principle that honesty was the best policy,he was dismissed. AN OLD TRICE BY AN OLD OFFENDER. —Oltherirle Bowden, a woman of immoral character, Buttermarkst- street, was charged with etealing, by means of a trick, from John Shoughbridge, 14,Barry-street, Latchford, the sum of 9d., in the Victoria Vaults, at 4 o'clock on Satur- day afternoon.—lt was stated by the Chief Constable that on the day named the complainant met the de- fendant and at her request went into the Victoria Vaults, where he " treated " her. Sending her with a shilling for some beer was the cause of his being duped. The defendant got the !leer and received 9.1. change which she decampee with. Ultimately she was arrested by Detective Sergeant Monaghan.—Beine a convict she was committee to the Livc rpool Quarter Sessions to be held in April. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett and Mr. J. El. Fleming. ANOTHER BEGGING IMPOSTER.—.John Smith was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Horsemarket-st., on Monday night. P.C. Williamson in proving the case said the defendant was acting like a circus performance, and it was arldei that defendant had been begging wi:h papers and shamming deaf and durnb.—The magistrates sent him to gnat for 14 days. AN UNWARRANTABLE ASSAULT.—Thomas Daley. Latch- ford, was charged with assaulting and beating Ralith Ratcliffe, on the 25th inst. —The complainant Ratcliffe, a youth, statedthat on the day named he was walking along St. James st., Latchford, and defendant was lead. ing, a colt, when suddenly the defendant struck him a furious blow across the face with his whip. Complain- ant walked on till he reached Bridge-st., where he in- formed a Constable.—P.C. Sankey stated that he was the officer informed by complainant whose nose was cut and bleeding. He afterwards saw defendant who ad- mitted striking complainant —A penalty of 53. and costs was inflicted or in default 7 days herd labour. Scrnaor, ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following were fined for neglecting to send their children regularly to school. Mr. G. Riley prosecuted :—Richard Searisbrick, Hones- ton-sr., 23. 61. ; Richard Tranter, Winwick rnad, 23. 61.; Jeeenh Poulter, Hoyle-st., 5‘.; Walter Lunn, Foiindry-st., 2.1. 6d. ; William Hopwood. Church-st., 2s. 61.; Jahn Craddock, Battersby-lane, Si.; Samuel Beckett, Hay- dock-st., ss. ; James Rnwson, Winwick-road, Is.

DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS. rUESDAY. —Before Messrs. William Long, Herbsrt Talbot, and Henry Neild. THE LAW REGARDING TRACTION ENGINES.—John Faulkner was charged with having been in charge of a traction engine and driving it along the highway dur- ing prohibited hours on February 22nd.—P.0 264 said he saw the defendant on the night in question driving a traction engine along the highway. The law said that no engine should travel along the highway h-tween seven p.m. and three a.m. at that time of the year.— Peter Hall, owner of the engine, said he had no idea the man was within seven miles of that spot.—The magistrates said the employer was responsible for his servant's actions, and they would fine him (Peter Hall) £1 and costs and Faulkner 104. and costs. Fußions Dtavitio.John Aspull was charged with this offence on the Bth March, thus eedangering the lives of foot passengers.—tl man named Hugh Darbv- shire proved the case, and defendant, who had a previ- ous conviction against him for a similar offence, was fined £1 and costs. CYCLING WITHOUT A LlGUT.—Samual Grice was charged with having ridden a bicycle without a light at 5.15 a.m. on March 9q).—P.C. 174 proved the case, hut defendant was dismissed on paying the coat of the summons. • YOUNG RUFFIANS RIGHTLY DEALT WITII.—Tht, youths, named James Earle, John RUssell and Herbert Saunders, were charged with having on the 23rd Feb. savagely assaulted on the highway at Antrohus a young man and woman named William Kettle and Kate Lloyd. It appeared that the lads are" terrors " in the neigh. bourhood. On the night in question complainants met the defendants,who commenced beating them about the head. Earle struck the young woman in the face,tiving her a black eye.—Selina Wright said she was passing along the road that night about 8.30 when she saw a struggle taking place. As she went up, E iris struck Kate Lloyd. who fell in her (Mrs. Wright's) arms in a dazed condition.—Kate Lloyd said she was in company with William K-ttle on the night of the 23rd February, when defendants stoppprl them and commenced knock- ing them about.—P.o 186 said he had cautioned these youths many times about their conduct on the highway. He thought Earle was the worst.—Thomas Jam-es Moseley, a farmer, said Russell and Saunders were in his employ, and on the night of the 23rd February, Russell did not leore his home at all. Satindars did co nut.—William 1/ritli stepped in the witness box and s id Mr. Moseley had told him that Russell did go out on the night of the 23rd February.—After a short consultation in private, the magistrates decided to fine Earle £2 and costs, Russell £2 and costs, and Saunders £1 and costs, or in default one math's imprisonment with hard labour.—Jarnes Earle was also charged with having assaulted Kate Kloyd on the 23rd February He was on that charge fined and costs, or in default 14 days' imprisonment with hard labour. Doc} LICENSES.—George Brookes and John Kinsey were each ordered to nay the costs of summons for keeping dogs without licenses.

_

===== 0002601_18950330_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 30 1895 RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. NEW BOOKS) HAGAZINES) ETC. MONDAT.—Before Mr. John' Brundrit (chairman), and' Mr. F. J. Nerman. AN NLICENSED Don—Henry Peacock, 6, Greenway- road, was fined 53. and costs for having on the Bi.h March kept a dog without having obtained a I,cense. QUARREL BETWEEN BOATPEOPLE.—WIIIiiiM a boatman, was summoned by Elizabeth Twigg, for as- saulting her on the 7th March. Trie complainant de- posed that on the date named she was going into Mr. Robert Dyer's hotel with her husband, who was a boat- man, when the defendant immediately came up to her and struck her in the face twice. lie had previously threatened her.—George Twigg gave corroborative evi- dence.—The defendant said he was struck by the com- plainant's husband, and the case was the outcome of jealousy.—The Chairman said the magistrates were of opinion that it was a case of " six of one, and half-a- dozen of another," and dismissed it. DRONE AND DISORDERLY.—Ann Corcoran, Salkeld Square, pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly on the 10th March, and was fined Si. and costs. PROFANE LANGUAGE.—Mary Lyon, was charged with making use of profane language in Salkeld Square, on the 8,.h March.—P.C. Richardson proved the case. She was lined 103. and costs, or in default of payment, 14 days' imprisonment. BEGGING—FeIix Macdonald, a stranger in the town, was committed to gaol for seven days, for begging in Chureh-st., an Saturday. The case was proved by P.C. Gregory. APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS.—The only application for the appointment of ovarseeri was from Runcorn,the overseers for the outlying townships being appointed by the District and Parish Councillors. The overseers for Runcorn, are Messrs. E. lmison, J.P., and S. Taylor, J.P., C.C.

CASSELL AND CO.—Duriug the last month or two the prevailing trend of the publishers' and book-makers' art has been decidedly towards making the standard shape of a short novel just about twice as long as broad. The result is a novelty—a pleasing contrast—which is as welcome as most other departures from the hard and fast lines of custom whose law has hitherto been as binding as that of the Merles and Persians. Mesers. I Cassell and Co., always along with the times, have fallee in with the popular taste, and in " A King's Diary," by Mr. Percy White, they inaugurate a series of booklets which promise to be highly popular, and which will go to form a Pocket Library. finder the able editorship of Mr. Max Pemberton, this edition with its attractive outside appearance, will be a success we venture to predict, as pronounced as that of any other venture among the myriads which these publishers have engaged in. In the first number the editor announces that the foundation stone of this little library is to be simple stories, deriving force from their directness and from that personal narrative in which they will be em- bodied. Now " A King's Diary" comes under this cate- gory, and though simple in one way, its simplicity is not sufficient to let the reader see through the narrative in an instant—rather the opposite—for it is not until the end of the story is reached that any conception of the apt- ness of the title is gathered. The substance of the book is founded on the fickle footing of every-day soeiel life, and to weave from this such an amusingly taking novel, at once stamps the author as a man of genius and erudition. In it the writer expresses some very odd thoughts arid definitions, while his connecting the " hero" with a journalistic enterprise of doubtful status at the commencement and complete downfall in the end. providesa n opportunity for describing the modus verandi of that venture, which lie 'leak's; every adve etage of, and without which the key-note oi the whole story would be lost. Without going into further particulars we can confidently say, that for an afternoon's quiet en- -1 joyment by a person who understands and appreciates i amusing delineation of character, a more suitable sub- ject could not be obtaieed. (The price is is. 41)—Year by year we have received from Messrs. Cassell and Co., the souvenir of the last play produced at the Lyceum Theatre by Mr. Henry Irving. This year brings us the souvenir of " King Arthur" (J. Cormens Carr), about which so much has been said and which was first pre- vented at the leveeum Theatre, on the 12th January of the present year. Like its predecessors, " King Arthur" is bound in a cover, bright with colouring of a taste- ful and terrifying description. The artists who have lent their skill to the adornment of its pages, are Messrs. J. Bernard Partridge and Hawes Craven, gentlemen who in the past, have contributed much towards the success of the bye-gone souvenirs, and to whom great praise is due for the fine and striking illustrations of the chief characters and scenes in the play. Very weird are two of these by Hawes Craven,—" The Magic Mere," with the gleaming hand rued sword rising out of its dark,o'er- casteand still waters, :and "The Passing of Arthur," which took place on board the barge gliding slowly out on the ocean to the touch of the three queens. I synop- sis of the scenery is given, with explanatory verse at the commencement,and adds not a little to the excellence of the whole production.—" Battles of the Nineteenth Cen- tury " makes a most interesting work, whose first num- ber is issued this month. Its most notable contributors are famous war-correspondents than whom no one is better fitted to describe battles, which apart from being significant in history, abound in incidents of personal valour and daring. The battles to be described are fought in all parts of the workaunder varied conditions, and during the stirring epoch of the nineteenth century. Amongst those whose services have already beereengaged may be mentioned ;—Archibald Forbes, G. A. Plenty, E. F. Knight, Major Arthur Griffiths, D. H. Parry. , Charles Lowe, C. J. Cutcliffe-Hyne, Herbert Russell, , I Angus Evan Abbott, Herbert Compton, Max Pembertc n,l Stoddard Dewey, A. Hilliard Atteridge. ' and C. Stein. To the illustrator is half the success of a hook due and we can say with all truthfulness that in this direction also have the pub- lishers left nothing undone to secure artists who from actual 'experience have particular ability in depicting strife's fearful carnage, with the vivid colouring of reality. Accurate and life-like portraits of generals are to be scattered through the series with a liberal sprink- ling of maps and plans which add much to the compre- hension of the writer's description. Part I. has as a frontispiece the stirring action of Sergeant Ewart can- tering the Imperial Eagle at Waterloo ; the deed is pre- sented in glowing colours, which, with the subject of illustration, make a magnificent plate with which to commence a record of battles. Maier Arthur Griffiths supplies the introduction, while the text is graphically written and the letterpress clear and readable.—(7d. montlely).—A cheap edition of" Robinson Crusoe " has been commenced, adding still another to the long list of illustrated monthlies, though this is above the average in excellence and below it in price. On completion there will be upwards of 100 illustrations by Mr. Walter Paget whose work is a credit to any magazine and an adorn- ment to " Robinson Crusoe."—(Menthly 31) MACMILLAN AND CO.—There is at present quite a boom of biographiesond none are more acceptable than that of. Colin Campbell (Lord Clyde) by Archibald Forbes, who has great scope afforded him in this book for displaying his descriptive powers and knowledge of technical de- tail. This work has additional value RS a most com- plete historical record of all the campaigns, &c., taken pert in by Lord Clyde, who commenced his eventful career as ensign in the 9th foot or Norfolk regiment,and terminated it as field-mahhal and peer, on the 14th August, 1863. He was rightly termed the foremost soldier in England and the work of his life is faithfully traced out by the author, who also mentions numerous incidents which have not before been published. "Colin Campbell" is one of a seriesof similar biographies known as" English men of Action," and on opening the book is seen a speaking reproduction of the hero of the memoirs, after a picture by Sir Francis Grant, P.R.A. The military contents have their commencement in the Peninsula, and wind up at Simla, and from thence to that permanent abode of:England a great,—Westminster Abbey. (Price, 24. 61)-1895 sees the 32nd annual publication of the "Statesman's Year-book," the statis- tical and historical annual of the states of the world for the present year. As formerlyet is edited by Mr.J.Scott Keltie, assistant secretary to the Royal Geographical Society, but in addition this time the assistance of Mr. I. P. A. Renwick, MA;, L.L.8., has been requisitioned. It is announced in the preface that a special feature of this iieue is the information appended to the commercial statistics of various countries as to their systems of valuation,and this infoetnatien is the result of an enquiry on the subject which was instituted during the vear,and which is indeed a valuable addition to a book in which further particulars of any nature are indispensable. In the navies of the world which have been revised by Mr. John Leyland, a system of classification of warships has neen adoptecl rendering easier a comparison between the navies of different powers. All manner of informa- tion is contained within the volumes which forms the most reliable and comprehensive compilation of facts and figures relative to the commerce, industry, . popula- tion, religion, finance, crime, military and naval defen- sive and offensive arrangements, of practically every government in existence. When it is considered thae there are over 1,000 pages of closely printed, though legible type in the edition, the editor has reasot. to thank the army of widespread collaborators who have lent their aid to its production. Nothing appears to be want- ing and a Statesman—or for the matter of that any other gentleman—who takes an interest in the affairs of his country,is suffering an inestimable loss If he is not poss- essed of this "Year book," and to otherwise obtain the information contained in which,iwould involve a great multiplication of its initial cost, as heretofore, 103. 61 GEORGE NEWNES AND Co.—" The Art Bible," by these publishers is rightly named, for it is c.rtainly a maga- zine whose predominant feature is art in every sense of the word. There is art in the cover, art in the illustra- tions and art in the letterpress, the type for which is entirely nese and of an exceedingly sharp, distinct, out- line. There are to be twelve parts altogether, and the first of these contains 96 pages of text and 03 illustra- times, commencing with the "Fifth day of Creation." Maty of these latter are superb in their grand and awe-inspiring sceneseq fact, savouring of Dore; and the real artists are Messrs. Paul Hardy, .1. Finnemore, Henry A. Harper,and J. S.Crompton, all of whom have turned out work, in itself sufficient to create a name. When completed the volume will contain 1,200 pages, and the 500 illustrations will depict historic incidents in holy writ, mariners, customs, costumes, ceremonies, and objects of interest ; and comprise views of important , sitee, ancient monuments, anti examples in natural his- tory. (each part,6d.)—The " Picture Magazine "for this month presents a genii opportunity for earning £5 ss. to all persons who are either Arista or believe themselves I so. Whet we refer to is a prize of the above amount to the person sending in the best portrait of " The man who has just proposed.but whom the lady has promised that she will always be a sister to him." There is hound- 'less opportunity here presented to the enterprising, for I, many have seen that unlucky individual or could do so by consulting the looking glass.—" Round the World " is Still on the move, and has now reached part 4, dealing with Swiss, German,Austrian,and Turkish scenes. The pictures yet keep up the high standard of merit which was first set by part 1 and become more interesting as they proceed. THS MODERN Ara PUBLISHING COMPANY.—NO sof " Illustrated Modern Art and Literature 4 presents a tepe of excellence only equalled by the preceding num- bers. An extra art supplement is presented under the title of " Spring Blossoms (Geiger) and is a model of rich, though subdued and tasteful colouring, which has scarcely before been equalled and seldom attempted. " Polities," a full page black and white engraving by Claus Meyer, representing in a clever manner, five cronies in the village "pub," discussing with self asser- tive proficiency the political aspect of the day, through a cloud of tobacco smoke sweeteeed by the fumes of what is apparently hot punch. The only doubly-page coloured plate is one by Fischer entitled " Twilight," illustrative of a sea-scape with the calm expanse of blue water relieved by the brown sales of fishing smacks both near and afar. Harmonious toning of colour is the main characteristic, while the setting of the picture is in comm m with the prevailing style adopted in the miniature paintings of Christmas-tide. Some excellent verse descriptive of " Twilight "is included. There

GOOD TEMPLARY AT LATCHFORD. -- PRESENTATION TO MR. L. ELLISON. On Monday evening the members of the Bonehili Branch Temperance Lodge, Latchford, assembled in the Temperance Hall, linutstord-road, when a public meet- ing was held, on the occasion of a presentation to Bro. Luke Edison. There was a good attendance of old and young, and the chair was taken by Mr. Richardson. After devotional exercises the programme of the even- ing was commenced by the usual chairman's address, after which a song was given by Miss Alice Jones who suitably initiated a very happy evening. The re- mainder of the programme was composed as follows : Songs by Miss L. Hough.and Bro. Ditchfield ; recitations by Miss Mary Jane Clark and Miss Maggie Tickle. The most interesting event of the evening was, of course, the presentation to Bro. Luke Ellison who pos- sesses the respect and esteem of a very large circle of acquaintances. In the neighbourhood he is known as a man who, as a professed teetotaler, has adhered to his principles with steadfast and unswerving faith. The presentation was made by the Chairman who handed to Bro. Ellison a handsome gold shield, bearing on one side the inscription " Preented to Bro. Ellison for 21 years' membership completed, Nov. 1894," and on the other an appropriate device. In making the presentation Mr. Richardson, after expressing the pleasure it gave him, said he made the gift on behalf of the Good Templars of Latchford on Mr. Ellison completing 21 years' good ser- vice in that lodge. He thought it was but a poor way of Axpressing what they felt—they could not give Mr. Ellison what he deserved. Bro. Edison had laboured earnestly in the temperance cause for that length of time, and it was as little as they could do to acknow- ledge it in whatever way they could. The speaker made the presentation in the hope that Mr. Ellison might live long and do good as he had done in the past. He was a blessing to the Lodge and to many in the neighbour- hood. (Applause.) Temperance addresses were given with great earnest- ness by Bros. Pearson, Corbett, A. Ford, H. Meese and Sandford, who referred in the warmest terms to Bro. Ellison's services. In responding. Mr. Ellison thanked the Chairman for making the presentation and taking the chair at the meeting, and also expressed his thanks to the committee who had taken part in collecting the money, for the purpose of making the presentation,as he was sure it had been a very arduous duty which had been done nobly. He also thanked the speakers who had spoken so highly of him. He could, he said, hardly express himself in words but sill he felt very thankful for what had been done. The obligations weighed very heavily upon him because they showed that those who had been working with him had appreciated the little services he Pad been able to render. His connection with L ttchford dated back as far as 1838. He was not a Latchford born man but had been there since he was two years of age and it was very different then. There were no achools at that time and no education to be , obtained, but lie was pleased to know that boys and girls to-day had better advantages aim he had when a boy. When nine years old he was put to work,and at 11 apprenticed to a shoe-maker, and at that time he corn- menc.ed his temperance career though he was a life-long teetotaler and had never taken any drink. 'flie first temperance movement at Latchford was the gathering held regularly at the barn which a short time ago stood in the place of the new chapel. Their commencement there wee in 1874 and the present temperance hall was built in 1879 after a large amount of opposition, which was the initial cause of its erection, fe-day he felt more inclined to this work than ever and he was more proud of temperance work now than at any time previously. A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman on the motion of Mr. Edison, seconded by Mr. Few.—The meeting closed with the Singing of the Doxology.

ace a number of other full and double page plates, all excellent designs, but the most amusing is " Naughty Boy." by Jackobides, depicting a screaming, struggling lump of infantile masculinity, exercising his strength of arm, on the beard of his much suffering grandfather. Among the illustrated articles, the one of predominating interest to Warringtcmians is that relating to Luke Fildes, R.A., the famous artist who owes his preliminary educa- tion to the " good old town." The sketch is pleasingly descriptive of Mr. Fildes works, from magazine illustrating to " The Doctor" which is regarded by many as his greatest work, and the portraiture of the Duke and Duchess of York,and "The Princess of Wales," which was exhibited in last year's Academy. A truth- ful portrait of the artist is given. T. FISIDIR UNWIN AND Co.—The " Century " for March has two particularly fresh and unhackneyed sub- jects. In these globe-trotting days tke account of " a new field of travel " will be greeted with pleasure by American travellers, and this, Miss Harriet Waters Preston and Mr. Joseph Pennell, the artist, have found " Beyond the Adriatic," along the cost of Dalmatia and Albania,a region, moreover, which is now accessible to travellers. The second topic is the art of the late Jean Carries, the French sculptor and potter. The " Cen- tury " is the first of the magazines, we believe, to give attention to the important work of this artist, the ap- pearance of whose work in the Salon of the Champ de Mars of 1892 caused the fellow artists to demand and obtain for him from the President of the Republic the cross of the Legion of Honor. The text of the article is written by Emile Hovels que, a French art critic,who, by the way, writes in English, considering the character and influence of Carrel work upon the art of his time. Nine pictures of the sculptor's work—two from ex- amples owned in America—are presented with Vie article. GEORG& G. BIISSET AND Co.—These well-known "sports" manufacturers ,•1 Peckham London, have just issued a compact anti neatly prepared cricketers' diary for 1895. It is published at sixpence, and its size easily admits of it being put in the waistcoat pocket. Besides providing space for a diary, ttr..,re is given most useful information relative to cricket, including important fixtures for the cornin,, season,' and the new laws of cricket as revised by the Marylebone cricket club, toeuther with plans for placing men in the field during different degrees of bowling. 'The diary should prove a most useful companion to those interested in the popu- lar summer pastime, and will doubtless command a large sale.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTOi HEATH.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.—A meeting of the above Council was held on Tuesday evening, in the National Schoolroom, Stockton Heath, Mr. John Marsh oceupy- ing the chair. The other members present were— Messrs. J. Eleclzecock, Ashton Hayes, W. Richardson, Hammon, W. Coppock, F. Pearson, John Whitlow, C. W. Davenport, H. Eyes, Robert Roughsedge, and James Britch, jun.—Mr. Eyes, in the absence of the Cle.rk,Mr. Ellison, read a letter from Mr. J. Murray,of Parr's Bank, notifying that gentleman's acceptance of the treasure- ship, and submitted the names of Mr. Cecil Parr and Mr. Nathaniel Eckersley, two directors of Parr's Bank, as his securities. It was mentioned that the amount of the guarantee was £4OO. On the lmotion of Mr. Hayes, seconded by Mr. Davenport, the two gentlemen were accepted as the bondsmen for the treasurer.—Mr. Eyes produced a lengthy letter from the Local Government Board relating to the inquiry which the Board intends to hold at the Warrington Town Hall on April 2nd. Some discussion took place as to whether it would not be ad- visable for the Council to send someone to the inquiry to represent them. It was ultimately decided, on the motion of Mr. Pearson, seconded by Mr. Coppock, that the Chairman (Mr. C. W. Davenport), the Vice-chair- man (Mr. John Marsh). Mr. Eyes, and Mr. John Ellison be sent as a deputation !on behalf of the Council to op- pose the extension.—The Council's proposition of the expenses of the recent elections, amounting to £ll 104., was presented and approved. This was all the :AISiIIeSS. DEAUREITS AND BAGATELLE COMPETITION.—We are in- formed that Mrs. Molly, of Castle Bar, Ireland, has , kindly sent over two volumes, " Midshipman Easy " and" Handy Andy," to be contested for by the mem- bers of the Lads' club. The contest was carried on last week and the finals were played off on Friday evening, and in the bagatelle, competition lay between Frank Andreas and Alfred Smith, aud was won by the latter, Andrews only being five points behind at ths finish. I The draughts competition was as keenly contested 'between Samuel Wray and James Andrews, the former winning by two games to the latter one. Votes of thanks were accorded to Mrs. Mally for her kindness,and to Mr. John Wright. of Grosvenor Villas, who has gener- ously provided the club with a set of boxing gloves, which are to be uged, auhject to certain restrictions, for an hour on two evenings each week. Mrs. Wright, of Southport, and Mrs. Houghton, of Broom Cottage, have forvererded parcels of welcome and useful papers. THE CHURCH HISTORY LECTURE.—•Mr H. J. West- brook delivered on Msnday evening in the Institute,his eighth lecture of the series on Cbutch History, dealing with" The Commonwealtn, the Restoration, and the Revolution," and covering the period A.D. 1649-1691. Before proceeding with the lecture, he said that antecedent intolerance of Puritans was not a valid excuse for want of toleration lin Churchmen afterwards, yet a clear statement ,of the excesses on both sides was of value in assisting towards a mutual agreement to avoid alleging past cruelty as a reason for an unfriendly attitude towards each other now. The lecture detailed the doings of the Long Parliament,or rather the " Independent " remnant thereof, and extracts were read from the" Diary of John Evelyn" to show how Churchmen were persecuted and harassed. A:noneat ether things the clergv were forbid- den.toperform the Church Service even in pelvate houses; and the use 01 the Prayer-book in private, as well as in public, was prohibited. Holy baptism was forbidden, and also the celebration of the Holy Communion, as well as the solemnization of holy matrimony. The one cit. termination of the party in power was to prevent the Church reviving. Next came the end of the Protector- ate, the Restoration of the King, the Savoy Conference. Revision of the Prayer Book,the Scourges of London,Sir Christopher Wren's Architecture, the National Dread of Romanisin, the Rye House Plot, tLie Persecution or the Puritans, the Persecution of Churchmen, the Dt-ctaration of Indulgence, the Bishop's Petition, the Bishops in the Tower, their trial and acquittal, the Prince of Orange, Flight of James H., the Toleration Act, the Nonjurors, the Jacobites,and Bishop Ken, from whose will was read the following clause testifping to his faith and church- manship As for my religion. I die in the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Faith; professed hy the whole Church before the disunion of East and West : more particularly / die in the Cotomunion of the Church of England as it stands distinct from all Papal and Puritan innovations, and as it adhers to the doctrine of the Cross."

IrtAl

The most effective way of taking Cod-liver Oil, as well as the easiest way. is in the term of Scott's Emulsion. Why not take it in the easiest and best way Scott's Emulsion is plat- able and easy on the stomach, and it is readily ass milated whne plain oil goes to waste. (2)

===== 0002601_18950330_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
A RECENT RUNCSRN NEGLECT OF CHILDREN CASE. PETITION TO THE SECRETARY OF STATE.

In the case of Ellen Stringer, who was convicted before Messrs. Brundrit and Thomas Handley. on the 4th March, for neglecting her children, under a summons taken out by the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, and sentenced to a ' month's im- prisonment, a petition was forwarded to the Secretary of State asking for the decision to be repealed. The docu- ment stated that the family were poor and unable to secure legal assistance,the result being in their opinion a miscarriage of justice. In support of their prayer the petitioners set torth that the children had all attended school regularly, and associated with other scholars, which would not have been permitted if they had been in the condition described by the prosecution. The chil- dren since their parents' conviction had been examined by Dr. McKenzie, who did not find any trace of vermin. He certified that they were well nourished and in a healthy condition. The people had no money to spen in drink; the woman was of sober habits, and seemed fond of her children. Among the signatories to the petition were Dr. McKenzie, Mr. Walter Collier, Mr. James Percival, and Mr. G. W. Allen. The Home Office sent down the petition to Mr. Ashton, the clerk to the magistrates, for his report upon the case, which was forwarded in due course. As a result he has received a communication signed by Kenelm E. Digby, dated March 20th, in which he says, "I am directed by the Secretary of State to acquaint you, for the information of the Justices, that under all the circumstances he has de- clined to advise any interference with the sentence of imprisonment passed by them on the woman."

===== 0002601_18950330_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON PARISH COUNCIL.

On Tuesday evening a meeting of this Council was held in the Girls' Schoolroom, Halton. The Rev. G. D. Wray occupied the chair, and there were also present:— Messrs. Joseph Astbury, W. McCullock, J. S. Jeacock,R. Hughes, J. Barrow, J. Acimrley, J. Looker and Mr. Woodier (cleric) —The accounts submitted for payment included one from Mr. Ashton, clerk te the Runcorn Guardians, for the sum of £l5 Us. Bd., expenses in- curred at the Parish Council election. Objection was raised to several items in t he account, and it was decided on the motion of Mr. Hughes, that the Chairman and Clerk' see Mr. Ashton on the inatter.—ln reply to a letter sent by the Clerk having reference fo the repair of a footpath leading from Halton-road to Halton, Mr. C. L. Evans, Norton estate office, weote stating that he did not promise to ao what was necessary to the footpath unless he was wrong in his contention, and he must still decline to do anything in the matter unless the Council could prove to him that the tenant or landowner was liable. He had no wish whatever to oppose the Council unnecessarily but the question of footpaths was a serious matter on a large property.--Mr. John Lea, the Terrace, Halton, wrote respecting the repair of a fence leading up to the girls' school, and said he was informed that the Churchwardens put up the fence that was blown down. The Parish Council would do the right thing by asking them to put it up.—Mr. J. Gard- ner D. Eogleheart writing from the Duchy of LaLcaster Office, London, asked the clerk whether he would be good enough to forward a sketch or plan of the locus in quo of Hanging Rock-road, as without it, he was at a loss to know to what road reference was intended to be made. It was to be presumed that the matter in ques- tion WAS one which had been expressly delegated to the Parish Council by the District Council, it would seem otherwise not to be a matter with which their council was competent to deal.—Mr. Hughes stated that he had seen Dr. Carruthers with reference to repairing half the upper portion of the footpath to Halton, but he declined to do arything in the matter, stating that he had noth- ing to do with the footpath.—The Chairman said if it was a footpath the Parish Council had nothing to do with it , but if it was a right of way only, the Council could acquire it by agreement.—Mr. Barrow said it would be an injustice for the Council to repair it,while some tenants were re- pairing their own.—Mr. Jeaceck proposed that they draw up a schedule of the roads wanting repair in the district, and bring such before the notice of the District Council.—Mr. McCollock seconded, and said it looked as if the Council had got out of its depth in dealing with the matter of roads. The motion after a short discus- sion was carried.—A letter from the Charity Commis- ' sion signed by Mr. J. Holford, was read. He submitted information relating to charities at Halton,and suggested ' that in view of the great number of. like letters which the Commissioners were receiving froxi other parish councils and the impossibility of giving detailed infor- mation, except after considerable delay, the Coencil should in the first place endeavour to ascertain locally full particulars of the charities in the parish,and should then consider in which, if any, of such charities they desired to intervene. If any difficulty, however, WAS experienced in procuring the information, the Commissioners would be glad to help the Parish Council in respect of such of the charities as the Council might specify. With regard to the powers of a Parish Council to appoint trustees of the charities he stated that the Commissioners before determining in the case of any charity as to the extent of such powers would think it right to ask for the observations of the trustees. If the Parish Council desired to move in the matter of any charity in the parish, and desired the advice or approval of the Commissioners before doing so, they should in the first place acquaint the Commissioners with the namer of the charities in question and state under what section or sections of the Act the Council proposed to take action.—The Chairman then read the supplementary digest respecting the Halton charities which had been sent. With respect to the library charity he said he was perfectly willing to go into that at the next, meeting of he Council. They could then decide. as to whetir they thought it was an ecclesiastical charity or not, and I if they could not Come to anything like a unanimous agreement they could appeal to the Charity Commission for their opinion. The statement respecting the chari- ties, received from the Commissioners, was really not as complete as the one he (the chairman) had circulafed.— Mr. Hughes asked whether it was possible to see a list of the names of those who received the St. Thomas' charity. The Chairman said he would provide one for the next meeting, but he thought it would be unwise to display the names of the tecipients publicly. Several members concurred in this view.—Mr. Barrow said the library charity was a warm question and he should like to see it settled.—Mr. JeAvock gave notice that he would move that some provision be made to provide the young men of the pirish with a cricket ground. He thought it would he a small expense. They had had to rely previously on the generosity of a farmer, for the loan of a field, and he thought the Council could come to some arrangement with a farmer to let them have the loan of a: field at a cheap rate.—Mr. Hughes thought young men who wanted a field to play in were as well able to pay for the ground as the ratepavers.—Mr. Hughes gave notice that at the next meeting he would nominate a person for the position 3f chairman.—This was all the business of public interest.

COCOL.—GRITREUL AND COMFORTING. "By a thorough knowledge of the natbral laws which govern the operitions or digestion and nutrition, and by a careful appli- cation of tt e fine properties of well-selected COCOA, Mr. Epps has provided for our bteakfast and supper a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors bills, It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough La resist every tendency t disease. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame."—Cirii Sr ice Gazette.— Made simply with boiling water or milk.—Sold only in packets. by Grocers, laYelled—" JAMES BPI'S & Co., Ltd., ommopathio Chemists, London."—Also Makers of Epps's , Cocoaine or Cocoa-Nib Extract: Tea-like, A thin beverage of lull flavour, now with many beneficially taking the place of ' tea. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system.—. Advt.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

P.S.A. AT YHE Y.M.C.A. Notwithstanding the unusually inclement weather en Sunday there was a very good meeting at the above—both in the mat ter of attendance and programme. The chairman was Mr. Edward Clay- ton, of Hadfield, in Derbyshire, who based his in- troductory remarks on "Socialism versns Christian Socialism,' of course advocating the latter. Mr. Richard Kent, of Levenshulme, gave an admirable address on "The best Investment,"his idea of which was the surrender of ones-self to the claims of Chaistianity, and the speaker also drew apart com- parisons from investments of a commercial nature and thoseof religion. It was unanimously accorded that the address was one of the best given in con- nection with the P.S.A. meetings. Miss Jeans, who was in good voice sang " Over the line " and " The better land," both of which met with the amrecia- tion ofthe audience. ENTERTAINMENT IN THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL. The girls and infants of St. Alban's King-street School gave a very successful entertainment in the above room on Monday evening. There was a large attendance. In the first part songs, dances, drills, &c., were given by different children in a manner which spoke well for the way in which they had been trained. The second part of the programme consisted of a piece entitled "My Aunt's Heiress," by the following children :—Misses E. Turner, M. Kelsall, A. Stirrup, E. Tierney, S. Costilloe, M. Cos- tube; M. Riley, E. Marsh M. Marsh, K. Laff, and M. Rafferty. This pleased the audience, who were not sparing in their applause. The ptertainment , was under the management of Miss Jones and the , teachers of King-st. Schools, while the dance drills and the musical dri:ls were under the skilled direc- tion of Miss Jones and Mrs. Colledge respectively.

1 V

. . INDIGESTION THE whole medical profession the 9 world' over is engaged in an earnest search for • some remedy which will cure Indigestion, Constipation, and Dyspepsia. Statistics show that nearly half the deaths in civilized countries are caused by diseases of the stomach and kidneys. Hitherto the reme,lies prescribed by the medical profession for linliguition have' been of little value, but the C. A. Vogeler Curative Compound does cure Ind ige,t ion. It in the most wonderful medicine in emistence, a few doses gives relief—a few bottles cure the most chronic cases. A trial bottle will convince tho sufferer that we make none but true statementn• Price 1/154 and 2/6, of all Chemists • or sent free by Parcels Post on receipt of 14 or 30 steams by the Solo Proprietors, The Charles A. Vogeler Co., 45, Farrington Road, London.** _____

===== 0002601_18950330_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SATURDAY NIGHT POPUL-AR CONCERT

On Saturday the sixteenth concert of the season was given in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-st., the room being crowded. Mr. Charles Parker, of Pen- ke,th, occupied the chair, and the good programme commenced with a cornet solo by Mr. George Cole, and the following persons also contributed:—Miss Ditchfield sang "College Bell" and "Make I believe"; Mr. Isaac Wilkinson, songs " I did it" and "For the sake of my dear little girl"; Mr. George Whitfield, humorous Lancashire relitation, " Bou-

ton's Yard"; Mr. William Whittaker gave two ex- hibitions of his skill on the concertina, for which he was twice recalled. Mr. M. Butterfield contri- buted two "recitals," and Miss Florrie Toll and Miss Sutton were the accompanists. Mr. S. B. Stringer announced that the next concert would be the last of the season, and that all the proceeds of the season's work, after meeting their liabilities, would be given to the Infirmary, seeing that the committee of that noble institution bound them- selves burdened with a rather heavy debt. They were anxious to assist them all they could, and to that end they. had decided to make the last concert a benefit concert, when they would double their charges. EVANGELICAL FREE CHURCHES. Representatives from Warrington attended the opening of the National Congress of Evangelical Free Churches, in Carr's-lane Chapel, Birmingham, on Tuesday,and these included Miss Bessie Dutton. The Rev. Dr. Agar Beet, formerly of Warrington, read a paper on 'Scholarship and Faith" to a pub- ic meeting. SEWING MACHINE!! Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s.with handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18 Sankey-st.. Warrington. —Advt. MD3B GREEN'S ANNUAL BALL. The sixth annual ball in connection with Miss Green's dancing class, took place in the Conserva- tive Club Assembly Room on Tuesday evening,when from 50 to 60 couples were present. The music for dancing, which was kept up with spirit from eight o'clock to about half-past two the following morn- ing, was supplied by Messrs. Barton and Clarke's band, who were also responsible for the decorations of the room. Mr. J. Finch proved himselt an effi- cient M C., and the catering of Mr. Watkins, the, manager of the club gave universal satisfaction. THE BAPTIST MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. This society concluded its session on Friday even- ing, when Mr. William Hickman gave a paper on " Robert Moffat, the apostle of Africa." There was a fair attendance, and the chair was taken by Mr.J. A. Heywood. The essayist gave an excellent bio- graphical sketch of the veteran missionary,rernark- inn that his example was one that all missionaries cool I follow with advantage. Moffat gave his life to the work, and not until he arrived at the scene of his life's labours did he ask a question as to his remuneration. Even when he learned he was to ' receive only £lB a year he was undaunted,and man- fully grappled with difficulties unknown to the present generation of his successors. The essayist trusted that Moffat's success, which owed nothing -to learning, wealth, influence, or position, would stimulate them all to the best of their abilities. On the proposition of Mr. H. Walker, seconded by Mr. John S Green,a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr.Hickman,and a like compliment having been paid to the Chairman, the session terminated. 'SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6. Treadle £4 48. wit!' handsome walnut cover.--J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 13 Sankey-. Warrington.—A dvt. TEMPERANCE SERVICES.

The annual -temperance services were preached in the Workingmen's Gospel Temperance liall,Butter- market-street, on Sunday. The Rev. J. J. Langham, M.A., vicar of Padgate, preached in the afternoon, his text being "Ye are the salt of the earth." Temperance work, he observed, was a great work, which taxed the strength of the strongest of man- kind. Let them so speak and work as to glorify their Father, not themselves. Let their light so shine that He might he glorified, not mankind. Mr. Charles Firth, of Manchester, preached in the even- ing from the words "The days of our years are three-score years and ten." He pointed out that the present average length of human life was only 28 years. He had seen some figures showing that the rich lived to an average acre of 43, the middle class 33, while' the working classes only attained an average of 274 years. lie pointed out that teeto- talers, lived much longer than tipplers. WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.

On Monday the monthly meeting of the Warring- ton Chamber of Commerce was held in the Market Gate Chambers. The deputation appointed to meet the Rivers' Committee of the Town Council in refer- ence to the negotiations with the Manchester Ship Canal Company submitted their report to the Council, who agreed to support the Corporation in any steps which they might deem necessary to protect the town. A series of questions in regard to the proposed amendment of the Canal Company's Acts, with the object of preventing the issue of fraudulent prospectuses and of protecting the interest of the public generally under the Acts,were considered. A number of suggestions were then made by the Council, and were ordered to be trans- mitted to the Associated Chambers of Commerce, which are now engaged in giving special attention to this subject. SEWING ittAmENEe. Han i£2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsom w.lnut cover —J and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18, Sankev—it. Warrington Advt THE REV. M. STEVENSON ON "TEE SUNDAY' SCHOOL OF TH Furnun," A conference of clergy and Sunday school teachers, preceded by a meeting of the Council of the Diocesan Sunday SchJol Institute and tea, was held on Saturday afternoon in the Parish Church Schools, St. Helens. The chair was taken by the Right Rev. Bishop Royston, chairman and vice- president of the Diocesan Sunday School Institute, and there were present a large number of clergy- men and gentlemen, with Mr. F. Gregory Jones (hon. secretary of the Institute). After a few ' appropriate opening remarks the Chairman intro- duced the Rev. Morley Stevenson, principal of the Warrington Training College, who read a paper on " The Sunday School of the Future." After sketch- ing the original Sunday school of the past,in which the instruction was mainly secular, he contrasted it with the Sunday school of the present, which had no need to provide secular teiching, because that was provided by the State. ThrSunday school of the present was divided into two classes—the social school and the teaching school. He devoted his remarks entirely to the latter, and while dwell- ing on its iniportance,eriticized its manifest defects in organization and teaching which, in the Sunday school of the future, ought to be remedied. The teaching should be tested by examination, the school arrangements and discipline inspected while stronger efforts should be made to bind the older scholars together and keep them attached to the Church by means of guilds. Mr. T. P.A.Agnew, who followed, devoted his remarks to the necessity for more suitable buildings and better financial support, touching upon the superior arrangements for these matters in America.

BE WISIS IN Tacit t Sufferers from Gr .vel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys. Bladder Stone. Sciatica, Rheumatism an 4 Gout will find n pos;tive Core in Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Price Is. lid,. of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLROYD'S Medical Hall, Checkbeaton, Yorks. Do-it be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sit next pest.—Adv.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON DISTRICT COUNCIL.

BUSINESS OF THE NEXT MEETING. The monthly meeting of the above-named Counciiiii will be held at the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Monday next to deal with the following among other subjects THE HIGHWAYS, PUBLIC WORKS AND SANITARY COMMITTKO• At a meeting of the Highways, Ste. Committee, on the 18th inst, the Special Committee on the making of Fri' vate streets reported that they had inspected the varioulP streets ia the district, ,and recommended the following to be made as soon as possible :—Mercer-st., continuee to Crow-lane, Walmsley-St., 13radlegliToad, Water.st. from Crow-lane to Stone-row, Stone-row to Gas-sts Haydock-et. continued to Alpine-at., Raglan-st., Alpine- st., Peel-st., Stanley-St., Nelson-st. ; Tamworth-St. oohs tinued from Sankey-at. to Crown-st. ; Crown-st. frons Legh-at. to Tamworth-st. ; and Birley-st. froaa Park-road to Golborne-st ; Brookfield-st. and Hotel-st. to follow after the foregoing are provided for. The committee also recommended that in all private street works, property owners be charged a unifocel rate for sewering and macadamizing or paving as "- lows : For a street 12 yards wide, 333. per lineal yard frontage ; a street 11 yards wide, 311. 63. per lineal yard frontage; and a street ten yards wide, 30s. per lineal yard frontage; and any difference in cost or rnohe' of making the streets to he borne by the Urban Autho- rity, under Section 15 of the Private Streets Act, 180. (Signed) W. Collingwood, W. Beatty,P. McMahon, W• Gilmour, and 3. Simpson.—After much discussion was resolved that Mercer-st.and Nelson-st. be proceed with as macadamised roadways, the other streets to he deferred. The same committee have resiolved that the offer the Main Roads Committee of the County Council, . £B5O for general maintenance of the roads, and a sPeel,,as grant of £3lO for improvements, be accepted for ts'" year ending March 1896. It was reported to the Committee that the tolls ie; non-residents during the past week were 143. 83. and . was resolved that the Inspector be instructed to enforce) toll from non-residents as heretofore, and that the 110 from ratepayers in the district be reduced 50 per cent. all persons hawking or off-Ting goods in tne street A letter was read to the committee from Mr. WdU Davies, Wargrave-road, asking for a privilege oul'iss the Committee cannot sanction, and it was resolv that Mr. Davies be so informed. It was also resolved that Mr. Crampton of Wargravbeit road, have 21 days' notice to remove the gate illt passage at the rear of Lis house. Mr. Collingwood was elected on the Special Committee,' of representatives of Authorities in the Warring-Oh:trite Legh Unions, to consider the desirability of entering 'llor combination for the provision of a joint smallpog pital, in place of Mr. Ratcliffe, deceased. It was resolved that a sample of water flowing , Newton Lake be takea at Golborne, Dale Bridge se) • sent to an analyst. OAS AND WATER COMMITTEE. he istl! The meeting isf this committee was held on t March. The oarbonisins account for the past month was amoo , giving fuel used 398 tons 18 cwts. ; gas made 4,e1 . feet, being an average of 10,043 feet per ton of used. r The gas manager reported the illuminating Pe e sod the gas maintained at 14 candles ; several maillessse services have had to be replaced °wins to the s' s'es frosts ; the annual make of gas had increased °cot 3,000,000 feet in the year, at a redu :too in ths 06.00, fuel of £64o,and an increase in wages of £66 on Preflod years. The report was considered satisfactory, adopted by the meeting. meter It was resolved that the Manager instruct the inspectors, in their visits, to examine and cleao, c'• new, the burners of any consumer of gas requiringtbst same at a charge of twopence (21.) per burner,and „Jr they record the same in a book provided for the r pose. f 0 Mr. 13rierley submitted an estimate of the es,- sis lamps and mainpipes required to light the district,S ported by the several ward representatives. 'rile of the additional lamps suggested was 63, St slastnof mated cost of £lOOO, and a subsequent yearly h°'sisst lamplighting, &c., of £172 101. ft was declass! consideration of these reports be deferred. f tsfi It was resolved that the gas manager order one - s t Oa trucks of Collins Green cannel for trial, and refo` result to a future meeting. our A letter was read from Messrs. J. Slee and Ge.ss to gesting that their account in dispute be referse's Messrs. Vicars which was agreed to. THE FINANCE COMMITTEE. 0000 The committee also met on the 113th March. steed. amounting to £340 3s. id. were road and We!) 0 tbe was also resolved that an Actuary be consultou "000' advisability of concentrating all loans and the Il'est cability of isauing bonds; and also to advise as t? sole relief for depreciation can be obtained from the 1%0 to tax Authorities upon the gas and water works; consider othor financial matters. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE. Thialminates of this Committee mention that gr' sPa."4 read his report with regard to irregular atteader!! added that his attention had been called to boys from school on Friday afternoons selling neWsP3, the streets. Their average attendances at school " been inquired late, the Conamittee were of opinield this matter came more under the jurisdiction Factory Inspector than this Committee. '0 MISCELLANEOI7S. I.4ooCifilof Amongst other business to be considered at i s„srisli meeting s the appointment of overseers for the par o Newton-in-Makerfield, and the following resodi. be proposed by Mr. Collingwood :—" That all reg"o passed by the Newton Improvement Commissio%t '0 by this Council, whereby it is made computsorV the making of private streets in the district faro, tion by the said Improvement Commissioners Cr Council, such streets must be paved with setts, ''s ass are hereby rescinded."

i il i I

' , fol: otJ est' tor 0.11 a•( leav ,wspaPe'Tiog ba tot • Oa r 1 0r °Pr tto 0 03 OD a SO 1iej101:01; fqf iileBt. off 8011C,Atea -4 •iet Voof 4 filo, ~atto 15ee i7es err-, of 00- re ,Aceet .or no, LI)(1 of .1( vtag.„ -1 Pee At ,•cieno... eljorgl6P, at .oes7 to ecl• ser Poia • • CO orp 01 tp, ,r et 00 t° .0 Aotli tr , '4l 1 ell' CAI,I ,111 'off 51,4 f • 4 „'A elle:Of i 01 05 I 111 ,tIW 4°

===== 0002601_18950330_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
HELSBY.

••---•"•••• An JO: DRUNK ON LICNNSED PREM9.—On We,--eirog Prodsham Petty Sessions, before Messrs. A.l:6,nsiel T. Handley,Martha Rowson,of the Railway"l-1 was summoned for permitting drunkenees! oor0"- iicensed premises, on February 26th ; Littler, Woodhouse farm, Helsby, was berng drunk on the said premises. Mr. E. G' tor, Chester, prosecuted, and Mr. Limaker.l . -04 appeared on behalf of the defendants. Mr. al b r 5. •fl that on the date in question. about 10 of Dunham-o'-tlf-Hill, and P.C. Dolan saw 1•".",;0. passage of the publichouse in a helpless conditi-,0 went to pick him up, and with assistance lel roe out of the house. Walsh, a brother of the d Arfi` Littler came off a train from Frodsbam, there about 8.20, and he had been served withler whisky,part:of which was left. In addition tat c) he would call a perssn named Cartyysish'i Helsby station, who would say that Lt'; 8.9 p.m. train from Frndsham, and lie wont' his condition at that time. When the bu'llrwl served on Littler he said "I must have had!' subject to fits."—icting Sergeant Hunt in confirmed Mr. Giles' statement, and stated !, t\itiro said "lam very sorry I have served hir°'.e to'et told the landlady that he should report the , else replied "I have not served him or seer My brother has been 'waiting in:that roofn• also gave corroborative evidence.—Senuiel sidered that Littler was drunk. He had nev,l;cAet in a fit; hut he thought he hail a drunken fiL in question. (Laughter.)—For this defeusn' Rowson said he did not see the -t At°, She 1c0..w that Littler had been t —Thomas Littler acknowledged heihl etay be' on the night in question, and during hi. 4: Ars oe, five or six glasses of beer. Being subj'et °rod lie not care to go home without the compane.r.r,ereati to the Railway Inn, Helsby, where he Tone 019 trig for a glass of Irish whisky.—Charleg into Littler wls apparently all right when he Cgnrivieer 40 ' house. The family had kept the houSe o.l'o ye sroc.'t and they had closed on Sundays for over ee% Unsker addressed the Bench, referring tn, tr", awso.f character of hi. clients, an.l urged that .tn; and,' sufficient evidence to justify a convictio__,,,,to wrong was done it was not intentionay trates tined Mrs. Rowson 10s. and costs Littler 10s. and £1 is. costs, • The license , dorsed.

cadge° Damage estimated at a million dollars vraoon a fire following an explosion atlsValikee day morning. Twenty buildings were degtr°ll A On Wednesday, at Southport Borough Tis:uitiPe Samuel Etalton,ironmonger,Kensington-r°A earld. was committed to the assizes for trial on 4000 shooting at Detective Entwistle and Jotln intent to do grievous bodily harm.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TA BLE

MARCII.

FROM WARRINUTON TO

„ Acton Brid9e-7 10,7 35, 828, 10 45. 1 50, 235, 553 428. Sundays 1018 a.m. ...&11,0ar and Hillhouse-7 12,8 37,a1l 15,1 14.a3 15. a 4 o,a 6 +l5 4 9 Sundays 9 40, 25, 8 50. a Stops if regimen. Birmingham (L & N.-W.)*30.a3 23, 710,9 50, 120. 1 50,3 58. ,5 15. 630, 7 28, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 2C, 11 35. a Mon- 'Aye only. *Mondays excepted. B• irmingham (slldland)-6 14, 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, 'O6 1152. Sundays 11 45, 428,515 p.m. B▪ lackburn-2 40, 5 20. 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 40.12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 4,8 47 102. Sundays 843. 60. A RlEtekpool-5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40,12 35, 2 2.5, "s, 6 14, 11'(, 947 102. Sundays 2 40, 843 60. Bolton-5 45, 2 25, 9 19. 100, 10 40. 3 20,4 21, 5 25, 717, 15 Sundays 8 43 a.m., 5 0. p.m. Carlisle-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 955, 100, 11 40, 2 40, 3 48. Sun- IllsZs 2 40, 3 35. llester-* 7 42, 95, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 52, 3 17, c.c. 5 11, 6 4,7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 844. 745,11 32. 6 Collins Green-7 10, 8 20. 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 55, 20. 78, 915, 1020. Sundays 843, 60. 2 Crewe-a 3 0, 5323, 7 10, 828. 950. 10 45, 120. 150. 1.145,c' 3 11, 515, 728, 1135. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23, aMonclays excepted. Mondays only. uaress6ry-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 152. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 742. 10 14, .9edays 844, 7 45 p.m. n Derby (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50. 11 53 "996eYs 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Ilarlestors n-5 45. 710. 825, 835, 1040, 1235. 115. 5 35, 9 15, 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,? 40, 8 43, 60, 7 '47 ?'to. *Saturdays only. Edinburgh-240, 520. 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 10 15, ilhdays 2 40 a.m. 945 p.m. F• iddler's Ferry & renketh -7 38, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 25, 64, 612, 6 17.8 0, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. 4r°49hata -742,95, 10 23, 12 15, 1 52, 3 17, 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 2,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. I.sQaj ttss (Clb•shire Linesl-7 12, 7 55, 8 31, 9 5, 10 50., 12 0 "r,'• 40. 5 29, 6 10, 70,8 0. c 9 30, dlO 20, 11, 39 Sun- -01 0. 9 55, 11 25, 2 32, 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays cSaturdays excepted. 41asgow-2 40, 5 20, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 40, 3 48, 10 2. °99,14Ys 2 40, 9 45, .o..t:iolborne-5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 10 40, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays 91Y. 3 48, 535, 717, 915 10 10. Sundays 843.60. 211058 h Green-7 12,7 56,8 31,9 5, a 930,10 40,12 0,1 5,2 10,4 0, 3 0.116 .6 70, 7 10, 80, 8 37, a 9 30, alo 15. Sunday 25, Z. 918. aMondays and Saturdays only. cSat- -9edaYß eXCelted. Irlartt and (Jadishead (Central)-? 0, 7 55, 8 21, 70, 10 5 tays 8 56, 10 12, 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 9 2, 8' 10 4 teldord -From Arpley Station-6 eO, 7 22. 80,9 0, 9 58, Stin9,l„. 12,,5p, 116, 2 38, 4 11, 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13. 4/4---eYrpoos ,3 8, 18. asaturdays only. (L. & N.-W.)-5 25, 7 10, 820, 835, 10 5, 12 7, 620 78, 10 20. Sundays 520, 835, 843, 328. Li'v6 6' 9"' From High Level Platform. 114 R Pool (From Low Level I'latform)-7 38, 8 25,10 0,10 14, 3 20, 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, 50 -qtr,l)°°l (Cheshire Lines)-a4 29, 530, 7 12. 7 56, 8 37, 51' 950, 10 24,10 24,10 35, 10 50, 11 50, 120. 12 50, 12 57, 108-'B'Rsc°„' 2 5 7 250, 332, 350, 40, 50. 5 29, 550, 6 108 Sun'a,,"", 0, SC, 80, 8 50,9 6, 9 18, 10 10 10 45. alllo, 11 11 ' 16 15 10a.,4,33, 5 30, 90, 9 55. 11 25. 2 20, 2 32, 7 5, 8 30, 9 39, -•••• ldon.0. aHxcept Mondays. " (1,•& N.-W.)-a3 0, 1323, 735. 9 50, 10 45, 120, Zi. ,a!!._ 3 11, 5 15, 1135. Sundays 30, 1015, 420, 1135. 1:0-'aclays excepted. /Mondays only. Sun (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 39. 1255. 3 20, 50, 11 53. 6aYe 11 45 a.m., 4 25 P•m• 4 11YT53-6 20,7 22, 80. 90, 9 58, 1049, 12 36,1 16, 2 38, aSa: 18. 6 13. 78, a 7 45. 913. Sundays 850, 38, 8 10. only. From Arley Station. Ilehester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 1040, 12 14, 2 0, 7 65, 717, 98, 1020. Sundays 245 a.m., 50. 6 0, ld'a a...011day5 only. From High Level Platform. 720 nehester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-6 20 tan& 7,5..50 46. 3 5, 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. 57, 9 55, 10,46. 1 14, 2 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. ° 9 66.11 chester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755, 8 21, 8 55, 90, 655, 719,55. 1125, 11 55, 1255, 155, 255, 355, 4 55, 5 55, 366 7 55, 8 12, 8 55, 9 55, alo 0, alllo, 11 50. Sundays Sit'indrcia;4lei43, eoottiil_2ly, 7.3 5, 317, 515, 718, 855, 922, 9 28, 955, 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. 7,l°nre--7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 5 35, 128. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 10 40 'II-le-Willows-2 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 10 0 10 10,1214, 12 35. 320, 348, 421, 5,35, 625, 717, 915, 9 45, 'l9 20. Sundays 2 45, 7 40, 8 43, 3 35, 50, 60, 7 47, 3 104.140e-7 0, 755,821, 1027. 1227. 144. 2 17, 5 28, 70, „ P Sundays 8 56. 10 12, 3 50, 515,9 28. 25'--A-P-2 40. 5 20, 5 45, 835. 955. 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 945' " -8,8 14, 7 17, 8 47, I() 2. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 3 35, 60, 49ecorn Satlk s'B, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 2 5, 320. 5 12, 6 17, 8 0 210 2 or Pe0ke111)-7 56, 95,105, 10 46,11 0, 12 0,1 5- 8,4 0, 5 29, a 6 13. 7 0 80, a 9 30, blO 20,10 45. Sun 1343,2 oni 11 25, 232, 9 18. 'aSaturdays excepted. bSatur' 111 S▪ heffi.iYd.' (p.L.c.) n Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced Re, •,5. 10 55, 12 27, 1 55, 46, 6 55. Sundays 5 5 p.m, °, 620 tinp,B-7.5 25, 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 36, elouth. 15, 1020. Sundays 835.843,60, 945. 1 14, rt 4 (Cheshire Lines)-? 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15, aSatel d 9' 53635 7 9 9 10, Sundays 9 40, 25, 8 50, ap, „ „ Thelwali °▪ 13, 613 7"---D' 40, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16,2 38,4 11, 93's 01' '• a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur- wi,p Y. From Arpley Station. cchiahire Lines) -756. 95, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0, 1 5, (191' 9 42,' 529,610. 70, bBO, 9 10, a 9 30, blO 15. Sun- ‘3ll y 4. " *O, 2 32. 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays Nyid w2°' snes ( L. and it'lN-) -7 38, 825, 100, 1014. 11 48,2 5, wi 12, 6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 848, 2 40, 7 50. e 25,itr, -2 40, 5 20. 5 45, 7 10 0''!•2535, 614, 8 47, 10'2, 10 955,'10. Sundays 240, 843.

TO WARRINGTON FROM linkeYll Bridge-6 36,7 45.8 52, 1143, 37, 436. 644, 829 32. 920 --r and Hillhouse--9 14, 1 16. 7 18, 8 24, 949. Sundays a 40irs-e.fgliatn (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 60, 720, 90, 1130, 12 15, 126. i- -.• 1 25, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. 5 46 eingliam (Vidland)-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, _l_ D 2_3s. 3R. 240_, 12 tkltt I,l4os,'aftbko 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, IllaCkla 71. ur,B 30i 8 50i 10 48,1 35, 2 4, 3 13, 6 30, 755, 10 12. - ay.gs , . tlack v, 0 40, 101'2°1 (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 6 55, 1035, 35, 7 10, 64,17SundaYs 7 40, 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. t 30.1t0,,,n-5 '4 45 -I,l6,%l(Central)-8 0. 827, 855, 955. 1010, 20, 2 50, Suicidal s 7 10, 1 20. 4 55. 8 50. 45. 80, 915, 13 35, eati.'4ladaYs 610, 920 p.m. 12 35, 2 20, 415, 513, 555, 6u isie_l2 5, 6 50, 8 40, 9 30, 1234, 140, 422, 538 . 8 41. etiejp. s" am, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. 0, 7 25 8 45 / 940. 1012, 11 5, 11 40, 125, 2 10 0 6 35, 7 35, 835.3 ' ' Sundays 20, 630 am. 50 pail. ' . .z Oullin ,-, .10 --s w.""en-6 39, 716 8 42' 109. 12 36, 14, 1 43, 10 et:523, 7 47, 9 16. 1' 0 46. Sundays 81,. 7 15. .65 _ __ 540 8248-2 3, 4 42, 6. 0, 8 13. 9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50, _Z 35. 1 ba,. 85, 9 20. Sundays 23, 4 42, 7 10.2 40. 40, 012. 21, nury-Et 16, 1017, 1143, 2 47.5 42, 8 13. Sundays bet, 7 V---8 15, 1020, 1 10, 3 5, 3 50, 4 45, 7 0, 83 , al2 35 kondau'iclays 7 30, 6 15,6 50, 3 33. aßxcept tar,..Y's i • o tF,stown-6 55, 7 30, 842 924 10 9, 11 23, 11 52, 12 45 , 6 aa• 8, 5 20, 6 53, 6 SO, 838, 9 12, 120. daysbu Ic3, 4 0, 7 18. 7 23. ft,t,triburgh-10 20, 20. 6 0.9 10. Sundays 60, 9 10. _ 6 i,i 2. Tqler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 9 5,9 43, 12 24, 2 17, 3 211 Sundays 832. 257. 87. %fl,,c'd'hant-7 55, 93, 102 1127, 232,47, 527,657.757 , n•-" 11,4 6 59. 716 p in. ' ,larst- , 18 6. -Al (Cheshire Lines)--5 44, 6 27,7 50,9 0, 9 ' •.,0 • 1040,_ 13, 4 20, 4 56. 58, 556 657,93, 11 21.wi- -6 4.°L6 22, 9 10. 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 651 8 41. I Q,071401Y-1010, 20, 5 55, 95. Sundays 550, 95. _ .., . 1 10 42:-"ne-6 44, 826. 1022, 1225, 241, 535, 820. 8 , Sundays 940, 7 5. 361°,1ZhIlreen-6 40. 83, 825,9 lO. 10 3 1 14, 154. 2 244 55 , __ 11, 918, 1135,Sundays '837, 9 20, 3 31, 4 30, , Irlarn ° 52, ii-,,,.,°1°,1 Cadisheacl (Central)-6 58,7 33, 9 55, 12 55, 54 . Late,_'°• Sundays 1059, 650 8 35. 10 0. a 0.4 ,!itora-8 13, 840,932 1.0 6, 11 17, 120. a 145. 213, t 88, 714 Es 41, 6 7, 6 49, 749. 942, 1127. Sundays 833, Live rm°... aSaturdays only. b6aturdays excepted. a 30, a, 1,, (eia Rarlestown)-a2 35, 60, 80, 920, 11 50, -,130, 54' ' 30, 5 35, 75. 8 35, 105, *ll 15. Sundays 7 30, .. Li, wl ,* aMondays only. "'Saturdays only. ' 20, -625,82095955 ,12 20, 1 30, 2 4035, 3 , 4 20, Li 8 10, 10 45. Sundays 745, 210 7 20, 10 45. 6 as vr,POOl (Ceotral)-5 45, 6 10, 7 30, 8.30, 8 40.8 43,9 30, so: 308, 10 30, 11 30, 11 55, 12 30, 12 35, 10, 130,150.20, `1,5. 40, 4 50, 530, 536, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30,8 0 5c.,1.1". 9 35, alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80. 9 0, 239. Coll. 6 3., . 8 30, 9 30. aMondays and Saturdays only._. 1.0 0:14("4 (L. St N.-IV.)-5 15, 7 15, 10 10, 210,4 10, 530 Le '6 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50, 100. 120. 12 o.lltil (Midland)-5 15, 105, i2O, 20, 40, , 5 0 a 9 15, 3 15, 120. a except Mondays 5.250. „ 6 41, 7 41', 933, 11 19. Sumdays 825, 225. istrttop▪ aturtlays only. //Saturdays excepted. • 2 35, a 4"ter (L. & N.-W.)-6 0, 7 0, 85, 940. 1125. 15, Fro- ~..... 425 5 10, 7 5, 9 20, 10 40. Sundays 80, 60. 10 40. tea_ uxeltange. 1 5, ,"°„liester (Lcn3on-road)-7 15, 750, 925. 1035,, 12 35 .7 40,1 ‘-'• 3 40, b 5 5, 5 20. 6 5. 7 5. 8 55, 1045. sun ay '' lit„_ 40, 6 40. bSaturdays excepted. 1 as,tchester (Cheshire Lines). -6 48, T 20. 830, a 9 5. 9 3 4 47: °,55. 10 30,10 45 11 30' 12 30, 12 45, 1 30, 2 30. 330. 430. 8-a9 16 5 10, 6 38; 730, s 30. 8 33,9 55, alo 50,11 0. Sun: , 9 30, 10 40.140. 20 2 5, 6 30, 8 15, 9 40. aOlOll • Bat 30, only. •ia.,,iorllewich-6 58 11 37, 242.61. 0.9 6, 11 57,3 20, 4 50, 6 57. Sundays 8 15,448. _..,, (1 52 • Wlllows.-6.47, 655. 7 30. 8 42. 9 24. 10 9. 11_ 4.3% 6cl 28, 1 30, 34.4 7. 4 58. 55. 5 49, 6 27, 7.. .?', ...? 20, 1.,9 955, 11 8. Sundays 830, 9 49, 10 10, 3 55, 7 .I.° p d• .. a cSaturdays only. .3,13,43 lk(1---7 51. 826, 109, 19. 517, 73, 916. Sun' . Itre,-, '-'.. 11 20, 9 12.' Z 25 -.,"°,n----32 11, 5236, 550. 95, 9 39, 11 20, 11 28, 24C 11.04 i ". ~09, 935, 1047. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, $ 15, 6,0 Sag '. 36. aMondays excepted. bMonday mornings only N29:71; -a 39. 9 19, 10 23, 12 2, 1 30, 2 56, 440, 5 40, I„Pr6k°; ~(for Periketb) 6 51, 8 14. 8 41, 927, 10 19, 11 24. 2 40. 3 44, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 15, 9 8. ((ILO.) (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced st'..l.?)-11 0, 20, 4 55.6 - . Sundays 815. 155 ,fielflns-6 25, 7 0 828, 9 18, 955,1.1 15,125. 12 5,0, 1 30, 7 40155. 4 45, 5 15. 6'lo, 720, 90. 10 30, .11 20. Sundays 5. "Saturriat s only. 2 6,:ctutnport, c, (Lord Street) -8 10, 90, 10 20, 1125, 10. 2 15. 85Ra9 0* 9 35* Sundays 90. 25,80. aSatut- IlnlY. . ' 4 16, e bv5,,t11-8 9, 836, 928, 10 2, 11 13, 115, al 41, 29, 255, 3, 645, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 2 . wid .• aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. 120 d'IM(L• & N.-W.)......7 5, 856, 9 33,10 33, 12 16,12 58,2 10, 11 6'. ' s'. 0 0,5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 116. Sundays 824, 2 50, 7 59, 3 301T1..,,:a (Cheshire Lines 7-8 30,9 16, 109, 11 12, 12 25. 1 25, b .., k, ~'• 4 . 5 29, 6 12. 7 16. 7 56. 92:5. Sundays 842. 336, 3,t, 44W--2 41. 35. 633, 815, 9 31., 10 10, 11 23, 12 15, •525 a 1,3.8 52, 1030 tays 2 41, 10 49. 141113. , . sum

===== 0002601_18950330_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. ASQUITH.

THE TURNING POINT IN HIS CAREER.

- In the story of Mr. Asquith's career, as it is written by Mr. Stead, some things are told not generally known, and some things, perhaps, which the person chiefly con- cerned would have desired to keep from the public, as, for example, the account of "the winning of the bride." Mr. Asquith's advance in his profession dates from the time when he became junior to Sir Charles Russell. " He did his work in such a way as to win Sir Charles's esteem, and, what was not less important, to convince Sir George Lewis that he was a coming man." "He made his mark by what appears to be the merest acci- dent. The "Times" had put forward Mr. Soames as their first witness. Sir Charles Russell had cross-exam- ined him at some length, and to little purpose. The Court adjourned for lunch, anal when Russell and his junior were taking a hasty meal, Sir Charles staggered Mr. Asquith by calmly informing him that he had better cross-examine the next witness. Now, the next witness was no other than Mr Macdonald, who, after Mr. Asquith's cross-exarnination. became famous as Simple Simon,' of the " Times.', • But this is most absurd,' said Mr. Asquith to his leader; ' he is one of the most important witnesses in the case, and, of course, you will cross-examine him yourself.' 'No,' said Sir Charles Ruasell, ' lam tired, and you will do it well enough.' Despite all Mr. Asquith's protesta- tions, •iir Charles insisted that it was to be so, and so it was accordingly. But no one knew how dismayed the junior was at finding suddenly thrust upon him a task for which he was so utterly unprepared. No one of their side had the least idea of what Mr. Macdonald would say. When Mr. Asquith rose to put his first question to the manager of the "Times," he was almost at his wit's end. By some good luck be put a question to Mr. Macdonald at the commencement of the examination which that gentleman answered in a supremely silly fashion. The answer was a revelation te Mr. Asquith, and he at once saw that he could play his fish with good results. Be did so, and all the world knows with what result."

===== 0002601_18950330_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
HERE IS WHAT WE GIVE TO READERS

OF THIS PAPER.

You are interested in money making and no such opportunity for making money has ever been presentod to women who use kuiting and fancy wools as that made to the readers of this paper by the Providence Mills Spinninz Company. They are willing to send you some beautiful samples of knitting, embroidery, and fancy wools for home knitting whicu may be kept by you. Their object is to show you that for appearance. I wear and price they cannot be surpassed. In these days of scarcity of cash it is interesting to know the way to buy the necessaries of life direct from the manufacturer and thereby save threepence or more in each shillings worth. We confidently recommend pou to write to-day for patterns which will be sent free of charge by sending a post-card with your name and address upon it. Kindly note that letters should be carefully addressed —Providence Mills Spinning Co., C. Department, Brad- ford, Yorkshire. N.B.—lf you would like they will also send you samples of their special dress fabrics as well as particu- lars of their wonderful underwear. In all cases the Dress Patterns must be returned.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EVOLUTION OF THE CYCLE.

We take the following extracts from an admirably illustrated article on cycling in last week's " Manches- ter Weekly Times." The first trace of the Cycle, we are told, is to be found, singularly enough, in the stained glass window of a church, dating back to 1642. This church is none other than the edifice at Stoke Poges, near Windsor, in whose yard the poet Grey conceived the thoughts which found matchless expression in his immortal elegy. The window represents a rough-looking wooden bench on wheels. Sitting astride it is a nude figure, propelling the bench by working his feet along the ground. A. hundred years later an Englishman de- vised a machine which was worked by two lever plank. The alternate depression of the planks caused the wheels of the cumbrous vehicle to revolve, and the by no means light task of thepropulsion was performed by a footman , the owner sitting in front and attending to the steering. A somewhat similar arrangement may be seen at work even now, in the case of invalid carriages, though, as a rule, in these latter days, the locomotion is secured by working levers with the hand. In 1818 came the celeri- pere, a French invention. This consisted of two wheels, similar to those of a modern bicycle, connected by a beam. The rider sat on the beam, and propelled him- self at a fairly good speed, by striking his feet on the ground. rhe new invention quickly found its way into England, and, rechristened the Pedestrian curricle, soon gained the favour of the gilded youth of the metropolis. The first attempt to lift the feet from " terra firina,"and to secure motion by means of levers and treadles, has been traced to the year 1819. It met with little taveur, and for a quarter of a century the idea slept the soundest of sleep. In 1845, an enterprising Scotsman, Dalzell by name, added further improvements, con- structing a, machine which bears some resemblance to to the modern safety. Report says that he attained a speed of 12 miles an hour, and won a ten mile race in a competition with the stage-coach. To a French workman, Pierre Lallement, is awarded the honour of constructing the first regular bicycle with cranks. Lallement emigrated to the United States, where he took out his patent in 1868. Some writers say that an Englishman, Edward Gilman, secured a patent for a two-wheeled crank-driven velocipede, in our coun- try, two years before the Frenchman, but there is some doubt on the point. The bicycle may be said to have first established its home in this country in the year 1869. In those days it was of clumsy construction, and was given the expressive name of bone-shaker. As a rule the wheels were of hickory, and the rims of iron The wheels were of equal dimensions. Comfort was impossible with "mounts " of this description, but no considerable improvement was effected for along period. It is not surprising to learn, therefore, that the sport did not become immediately popular. But, if not made quickly, improvements were made steadily. Steel began to take the place of wood in the construction of the wheels. The front wheel grew larger and larger.and the kind wheel smaller and smaller. Owing to these trans- formations the machine got the name of the spider, and it was the spider undoubtedly which first estab- lished the popularity of cycling. When solid rubber tyres were attached to the wheels, a great impetus was given to the pastime, and the introduction of steel ball bearings, which simplify the driving and minimise the friction, was another great step on the road to popu- larity. Then came a great change. The rear-driving safety was placed in the market, and the day of the spider very quickly departed. The new invention, or rather the new application of an old idea, became popu- lar, though the first safeties were by no means elegant . structures. Quite the reverse. But obviously they were safer than the spider. This being the case, they tempted middle-aged and even obese men to mount them, and ladies ne longer looked askance at the pastime. The next stage in tho history of the bicycle is the most important. We now come to the introduction of the pneumatic tyre, which has revolutionised the entire trade, and made bicycling the most popular pastimes. At first the inflated hollow tyre met with little favour. Even experienced riders laughed at it. For practical purposes it would never do, they said, as there was no guarantee against punctures, and people would not run the risk of having their rides suddenly ended by their machines being rendered useless in consequence of con- tact with a piece of flint, a sharp twig, or some other small obstruction common to all thoroughfares. Those Who took up this attitade had some excuse. The first pneumatic tyres were not very trustworthy. They easily pe.nctured,and their repair on a roadside was a long and tedious process. Notwithstanding th. is drawback, the inflated tyre quickly established itself in favour. It pos- sessed many advantages over every competitor. Riding it on rough surfaces was a new and delightful sensation. The jolting which was inevitable 01 uneven roads with the solid tyre was no longer noticeable, and the speed increased. For could be attained was appreciably For a time a cushioned tyre, that is to say,a thick hollow tube of indiarubber, uninflated, was tried as a substitute, but it was speedily beaten out of the field. The pneumatic became the only possible tyre, and the demand for it speedily led to great improvsments. the experiments of men who devoted themselves to the subject a tyre was produced far less liable to punctures and contrivances for rapid repair of punctures were soon invented. Nowadays the merest tyro in the management of a bicycle, providing he has wit enough to carry with him on his journeys the necessary appli- ances, can generally make good a sudden defect of an ordinary description in the course of a quarter of an hour, and continue his career rejoicing. With regard to lady cyclists,the writer adds that those who are well acquainted witli cycling in all its depart- ments tell me that they anticipate during the coming season, a large accession to the number of lady riders. Last season saw many more on the roads than were ever known before, and, es the proverb says, nothing suc- ceeds like success. It has been proved beyond doubt that cycling does not overtax the strength of the weaker sex, that they find in it a delighful means of recreation, and that it introduces them to many fair scenes that thee would otherwise never visit. Who can be surprised, the-n, that the lady wheelers are a great and a growing body? Some people object to ladies mounting cycles, on the ground that the costumes in which they array themselves are unsuitable. To some extent the objection holds good A flowing skirt is not the most convenient cycling tmj. form,though owing to the manner in which ladies' cycles are constructed it is not as much in the way as may be supposed. Some adventurous dainsels, throwing aside con.ventionality, have boldly adopted knick-rbockers for heir expeditions on wheels. In France more especially his daring flight has been taken. That there is any- lung indecorous in the costume few people will be pre- a-red to atlirm. The change may offend old-fashioned Hoes 1, hit, hut old-fathion.r&notiong shroild by this ueuuus .0 81106t3.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

Reports received show that great destruction of pro- perty and much loss of life has been cause4hchit Ay in the South and Midlands, by Sonday's gale. A railway wagon, blown from a siding at Bispham station during the gale on Sunday evening,collided with a passenger train from Blackpool, but fortunately little damage was done. Nobody was injured.

HOSPITAL SUNDAY AT WARRINGTON. On Sunday, last week the annual collections were made in the various churches and chapels in Warrington, ;in aid of the Warrington Infirmary. References were made in many of the places of worship, to that useful institution, and appeals were made for funds to enable It to carry on its beneficent work. At Wycliffe Church, the Rev. J. Yonge was the preacher. and in the course ef his remarks, he said that in this town we had a commodious and well-appointed Infirmary,where there was every provision which money and skill could devis e and procure for the treatment of human malady and the mitigation ef suffering. No institution, is seemed to him, was so manifestly philanthropic and Christian as the hospital ; and in few things was the growth of prac- tical Christianity in the present day more fully displayed than in the efforts which were ever being put forth to make as perfect and as replete with comfort as possible institutions in all pArti of the country where physical woes and ills acre ue4lt with and relieved. They might all be sure, therefore, that Christ was as truly honoured and pleased when flis disciples formed and supported hospitals as when they built and supported churches ; and He would have them contribute in His house For the help of physical, as truly as for the help of spiritual, well-being.

TUB COLLECTIONS. The following amounts have already been received either by the hon. treasurer or bon secretary : £ s. d. Cairo-street Chapel Latchfrrd Christ Church 9 13 11 Wycliffe Congregational St. Thomas's Church 5 11 5 Padget° Church 5 2 5 Southworth-with-crott Church Penketh Wesleyan Chapel 3 12 6 St. Ann's Church Padgate Wesleyan Chapel Academy-street Chapel 3 0 0 Latchford Baptist Chapel St. Peter's Church 2 9 3 Orford Church Ls mm Baptist Chapel 2 2 Lymtn Wesleyan Chapel 2 0 0 Moore Wesleyan Chapel 1 8 0 Legh-street Primitive Chapel 1 6 0 St. George's Mission 1 4 10 Latchford, St. Mary's R.O 1 2 6 Stockton Heath, Providence Workingmen's Mission 1 0 0 St. Barnabas' Church Bank-st. Mission Buckley-street Independent Methodist 0 16 0 Whitley Wesleyan 0 12 6 Welsh Chapel 0 11 3 Railway Men's Mission 0 5 0

===== 0002601_18950330_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SKI URDAYI MARCH 30, 1895.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18950330_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
"JOHN STEEDMAN CHEMIST WALWORTH SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp aff.x-d to each packet.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950330_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST SOAP FOR SPRING CLEANING 'ME SORP_MR HllRDVirutic•rr\, HARDEcrim -• Vat Ii n - -** 14111 LHLESS --011 C-1-77, 11111111 C, D,, • „ rno AiLSWIP f(311 L'ES"r SALE IitTAILII3"\\:"Q" &RIC nu& NVRIER. WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sold only in t6oz. Tablets. A 160 z. TABLET of SOAP for 3d. equals 3d. per lb. A 120 Z. ~, tO „

===== 0002601_18950330_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE IRISH LINEN.

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

IRIS PIIO2ETBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS

IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

SMITH'S TASTELESS

Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2411 per dozen.. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 'VII per dozer.; marls special to pattern. 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS.

2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 414.1. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SU NINIE R AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, 5 and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear. PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST.

ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps). are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex,, and may be taken at any time. 1 hey clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin ot hummrs, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and satety, afte: excess in eating or &inking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mee' curtain, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 2130, Walworth-road,

===== 0002601_18950330_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Loon

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CRLEI3IIATBD CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid., per Goa. by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad We CaSe.

--SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , ABM PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. old by all Patent Medicine Vendor.

- - ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the beck. G entranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s. bd. each, by all Chemists and PRIkYlt Medicine Vendors. throngla,ut the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers. The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES Dave COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; Itax CLAY a Sox London. and a' I the Wholesale Houses.

THIS 11 AZOR is made from the beet Sheffield _STEEL and It is warranted and if not be exchanged.

gronn4 by approved when tried wi

To be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cutler at, Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5,6. Pair of Black handle in a flat Case 9/- Pair or Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6. Or post free from the Manufacturers.

A good Beehive- Razor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/-, and 2/Er . and ChequeP, SLATER BROS., Sheffield.

u411'1&• ,gsrwAL' heffiela workmen It ;'

===== 0002601_18950330_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
FRANCIS MORTON

AND COMPANY, LIMITED

LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to then

===== 0002601_18950330_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CATALOGUE,

FENCING

AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE k IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informs.. tion is supplied on application.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILINGS

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROINS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS. DOG KEIIIiELS, &C.

ORNAMENTAL MGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18950330_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Raqsions, Villas &o.

STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e.

HURDLES 1 NETTING

TREE GUARDSAIRE WORK.,

CI CO IVincurlV T-7' C> T-7. s BAR IRON FENCING. Fitted with F. M. & Co's. !.Self-Loolking Joints

AJOINTDON OFFICIS : 17 VICTORIA St., Westminster.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION, •

WEAK STOMACH.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
DISORDERED LIVER,

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
1o __JADIES :

• THR GREAT INDIAN YENIALR MEDICINE, was die overed by a married Lady during her trnvels in the Far Igs,st, who hag never known it to tail in rem:ming the worst aases of Irregulstitv or Obstructionj two ho ,rs even after all other rentaries fail. nothing en poAslbly reidat the notion of this extramslinarr preparatioo. wit ch is almost instantnne• °us in its effect. Lilies .0 ill simid nrulh t•apense, illness, Worryrinii cruel hitter sp )i• it merit iry 'riving thin remedy at once. Sent semra ,e ,vAti ,•. Or 4s. 6 s._ oToN. 3. teentiv!rsto ti.dti s Isun lon. W.C.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

•

===== 0002601_18950330_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
HERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS

PYNAR'S • AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If yo* are troubled with Indigestion, Wind. or Sick- ricss, DON'T a AKE: MEDICINE. TRY PYNAR'S PINE PLAFTEii, the most Wonderful Cure for all Chest Affectioa Back Ache, Side iche, Rheuma- tism, Lumbago, Sciatica in fact the very worst Aches or Pains. THEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Are Grateful, Comforting. Stimnlating, AND ErtACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. THEY CURE COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS AND INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUBLES. BEST AND CHEAPEST CHEST PROTECTOR. DON'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it, sent Post Free for 90• by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. 'WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32. Victoria Road. EARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Yomg, Chemist. BT. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road. NORTHWICII—Mr. A. B. Lewty. Chemist.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
FADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED.

107. Jubilee-terrace, Wolverhampt on-road, Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1893. Dear Sir,—l write to thrnk you for the very great amount of benefit I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Rheumatic Pills. lam glad to think I am able to write. as had it not been for your grand Pills I should have been unable to do so, and am quite certain I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. GOUT I am extremely thankful, as I can still keep at mywork. 1 shall use RHEUMATISM every eudeavour to mak 3 your Pills more widely known. You GOUT may use this how you think pro- per.—l remain, yours faithfully, RHEUMATISM E. GUEST.

pm's plus.

plus. EADws EADws p LLS.

"Mr. G. Eade."

- EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

- - - Prepared only by George Bade, 72, Goswell-road. London. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemtsts, in Bottles, le. lid. and 25. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COLDS,

BRONCHITIS,

COUGHS,

INFLUENZA. DOARSBNEb3, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF TRH

CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR. Fox's

COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared only by GEORGE RADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, And sold everywhere in Tins Is i each. Post free from the Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or Yastal Order.

MT. BEATTY,

BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD

EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

tetters tt) the Otittor.

THE WARRINGTON MAGISTERIAL BENOti.

Sir,—! would like to call your attention to a mbst important resolution proposed at the luaugural dinner O n St. Patrick's Day. "That the Irishmen and catholics of Warrington are dissatisfied with their exclusion from the magisterial bench."—Yours,

T. 13. KIERNAN. Chairman.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATII CHURCH LECTURES.

Sir,—The important lecture read at Stockton Heath Institute would be alike interesting and profitable. The subject of Puritan resistance to Church and King, ought to be considered by all Church people and dissenters. Alderman Francomb gave good advice when he urged his hearers to acquaint themselves with " Church His- tory." While there is much to be admired in it there is Much to bo regretted. He said it was remarkable how ignorant some of tbe church people were about church matters. I don't wonder at that, seeing they have n 4 part nor lot in the matter, have no voice in the choice of the clergy nor in the management of church affairs. How difficult it is to keep out of the church the Romanis. lug elements and to keep the erring clergy up to the Protestant faith ! When the Church becomes disestab- lished and disendowed these things will be altered. Alderman Francomb declares the clergy are not State paid and as a proof of this would have us to believe it, because the State balance sheet does not mention it. But this is nip proof and is really absurd. The posses- eions in the hands of the church and managed by it were mostly sanctioned and passed by Act of Parliament. The church was disestablished and disendowed at the Reformation, and re-endowed and re-established by Act of Parliament. Do the church defenders want to know the Acts and decrees which established the church ? The Rector of Louth has been asking Mr. Perks, M.P., to point to an. Act of Parliament that gave the dory of the Church of England their revenues and endowments. The answer vases follows: The Acts are the submission of the clergy Act passed in 1534 compelling the clergy to hold their beneficies; on their submission to the State, and their ful- filment of the canons, and usages of the church as re- formed. The Act of 1535 vesting the supreme headship of the church in the King of England and the Act of 1539 dealing with bishoprics and cathedral bodies and the Act of 1571 legally defining the thirty-nine articles. The Vicar ef Heston says the answer is very simple. The Church of Rome in this country was disendowed, and her revenues handed over to the new Church of England by virtue of stet. 1., Eliz. c. 1., and Eliz. c. 2. 1559, and all who remained of the pre-Reformation Church were deprived of the beneficies, cli4nities and emoluments which were handed over to the post-Reformation Church which declared her predecessors to have been sunk in damnable idolatory. Therefore all these Acts of Parlia- ment are surely a proof if any was wanting, that the clergy are State paid.—Yours truly, A DISSENTER.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TREATMENT OF HYDROPHOBIA.

Sir,—There are two most important facts concerning the treatment of hydrophobia which need constantly to be kept before the public. They are, first, that the Pasteur treatment is useless, indeed, worse than useless, in that it often kills of itself; whereas the vapour bath plan of Dr. Buisson not only prevents, but has actually cured the patient when the malady had fastened upon him (Pasteur openly asserts that he cannot cure hydro- phobia), while at the sam,- time it is absolutely harmless. The late Sir Thomas Watson, F.R.C.S., has spoken very highly of the sweating plan, and he said he would have adopted it himself had occasion arisen; Dr. J. H. Clarke assures all people that the evidence (with which no man is better acquainted) is in favour of the vapour baths and against Pasteur's inoculations; and many other medical practitioners agree with Dr. Clarke both as to the Buisson cure and the Pasteur treatment.—Faithfully yours,

===== 0002601_18950330_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
-_• , • :

JOSEPH COLLINSOg.

Walsingham, co. Durham, M;.ici;-Eid.fig:

that

" STOCKION HEATH CHURCH HISTORY." Sir,—The sunstance of Mr. Westbrook' s recital of Mr. Lane's lectures on litirch history resklves itself into the following proposition :-.-There was not any change of religion at the Reformation, the Monasteries were robbed, and the inmates evicted, but there was no change in religion, no new church established. Let us test this proposition, by subjecting it to the " search-light " of true, impartial, and disinterested historical facts. Two Bills were prepared at the begin- ning of Elizabeth's reign to present to the new Parlia- ment, the Supremacy Act, restoring to the grown the Royal Supremacy of Henry VIII. (with. certain modifi- cations) over the church ; and the Uniformity Act, en- joining the acceptance of the new religion. The penal- ties for refusing the oath of supremacy were to be fines, imprisonment, and death, as for high treason, and in the case of the clergy deprivation. How invidious the proposed change proved is shown by the " Device for alteration of religion," 3rawn up by the Queen's Secret Council,which says, " Bishops and all the clergy will see their own ruin. In csmfessinn and preaching, and all other ways they can, they will persuade the people from it. (DoricrsChurch History, vol. ii.. Appendix). The House of Lords was packed, two of the bishops were imprisoned, and five others not allowed to take their seats. When the Acts of Supremacy and Uniformity suppressing the practice of the old religion were intro. duced, even in this packed assembly of Peers, it met with long and violent opposition. In the Commons the Supremacy Bill went back to a committee ; " a week

.•

later it was re-introduced, slightly though not materi- ally altered ; and again so strong an opposition followed that it would have been lost except for Cecil, who, in the words of Dr. Fetid, ' flung the question into a gar- boyle,' and carried his point in the confusion." Fronde: History of England, vol. vi., p. 163. The whole bench of English Bishops voted against these Bills, denounced them and opposed them in every way. A strong petition declaring their adherence to the Roman Catholic faith was sent up to Parliament from the Lower House of Convocation ef both provinces and from both , Universities. The first step of opposition in the House of Lords was the presentation of the unanimous petition of the entire spirituality of England, embodying their convictions, the Bishops and Clergy were called upon to renounce the whole Roman Catholic faith, which Abbot Feckenham of Westminster reminded the House of Lords had been" the religion of this island for no less than fourteen hundred years" (Collier ii. 424), and to accept in its place an amalgam of Lutheranism, Calvinism,and Zwinglism. The old service of the Mass, which came into the country with Christianity, was to be abolished under heavy penalties. In its place a communion ser- vice, popularly known as" May Game " (" Green's short history of the English people ") was substituted. The old altars were to be pulled down to emphasize the ex- tinction of the old priesthood, to be replaced by a Calvinistic supper table in the nave of the church, irre- verentantly known as an "oyster-table," and the conse- crated altar-stone marked with its crosses, upon which the Bread of Life had been consecrated for distribution to generations of Englishmen, was to be let into the floor in order that it might be trampled down. All the Bishops of the English Church save one (Kitchen of Llandaff), refused to conform to the new order of things ! The whole of the English Bishops were deposed by the Civil Authority, and is an event unpre- cedented in English history,and settles for ever the ques- tion cf continuity Thus the Ejclesia docens of the Eng- lish Church, being silenced, were supplemented by an unlawful hierarchy of Calvinists of a very pronounced type, who ridiculed Episcopacy and the Apostolic suc- cession. The clergy as a body stuck to their bishops and refused to conform. Nine-tenths of them refused even to appear before the visitors sent to receive their sub- mission. Only 806 of 9,400 Were returned as being will- ing to take the prescribed oath of supremacy. (Lands- downe M.S. c. ix. p. 7.) Thus we see the change of religion effected, by the packing and intimidation of the Lords and the Com- mons, the deposition of the hierarchy, the deprivation of the clergy, the robbery of the monasteries, the des- truction of churches, the desecration of altars, by fires, burnings, and cruelties of the most abonimable kind. We find furthermore the old religion swept away, the name of the Pope erased from the liturgies, the doctrinal and organic conticuity from the early English Church to the time of the rise of anarchy, called or rather miscalled a " Reformation," broken, and we find in its place, as Dr. Short the Protestant historian shows,that, "not only the doctrines but the very words of the confession of Augsburg are incorporated into the thirty-nine Articles. And yet we are coolly told by these " Church Defenders " " that there was no new church," "no change of religion." They may be right in their contention, as Father Vaughan remarks, in the same manner, as a wolf which has devoured a , sheep, can be considered a part of the sheep he has destroyed, or be- cause he wears its fleece I—Yours, &c.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SA.TUIt'AY, MARCH 30 1895

universal outcry that the country is going to irretriev- able ruin. Then the people who have saved have to have recourse to their savings, that is, to buy up all the com- modities they possibly can so that to that extent they relieve the glut that they made by saving. Then a per- tioa of them may obtain employment to produce more. _ _ _

We can see the result of saving on all hands. The workers t2-day make a gift holusbolus of three-fourths of their labour to the small class that are good enough to employ them, and this small class as a result in a very short time is literally crowded out with wealth, which, being altogether disproportionate to its powers of con- sumption, is left on the markets until it has been dis- posed of in some way with the consequences aforesaid. For further effects of this preposterous and exploded fallacy get "A Critical Analysis of Capitalist Produc- tion" by Karl Marx. As to that part of my speech referred to by H. W. in the last paragraph but three of his letter, I have Isere to complain of misrepresentatima. What I said was that in countries where the capitalistic system of producing wealth is most fully developed, then we find the deepest and most widespread poverty and all its concomitants. This statement is borne out not only under our very eyes but by every great writer on the subject. Mr. Henry Heorge says (•• Progress and poverty " p. " Where the population is densest, wealth greatest, and the machinery of production and exchange most fully de- veloped, we find the deepest poverty, the sharpest struggle for existence, and the most enforced idleness." This statement will scarcely admit of argument. It is borne out by almost every economist from Adam Smith downwards. _

Last question : What is Capital ? Capital is the pro- ceeds of past labour devoted to assist present produc- tion for profit. This is also intended to itnabody laud in the hands of private individuais. The general purport of H. W.'s letter reveals a natural disposition and inclin- ation to inquire and investigate, a nature so impartial and frank, that 1 certainly have good reasons for believ- ing that if he would just take the trouble to study Social- ism we should very soon find in him another recruit to the invincible army of Socialists whose principles alone when established can effect that glorious change in the condition of mankind which the Scotch bard desired when he said that

RATEPAYERS' MEETING AT EA RLESTO

The annual meeting of ratepayers of the township of I Newton-in-Makerfield was held in the Town Hall, Earles- town, on Thursday evening. Mr. J. Sankey, overseer, presided, and amongst others present were Councillors Evans, Gilmour, Simpson, Messrs. B. Harrison, J. Clarke,. H. Houghton (assistant overseer), Ste. The notice convening the meeting having been read, the minutes of the last meeting were duly confirmed on the motion of Mr. John Clarke, seconded br Mr. John Robinson.

A VOTE OF CONDOLENCE. The Chairman before calling the assistant overseer to read the accounts, referred in suitable terms tothe death of Mr. G. Ratcliff, who had been his colleague for about nine years.—Mr. B. Harrison seconded, and the motion was unanimously carried.

ACCOUNTS.. The accounts for the first half of the year,ending Oct 13, 1894, showed receipts, including a balanee of £683 2s. 2.1., to be £3,320 17s. 5d., and disbursements £2,740 63. 11d. Ending March 25, 1895, balance £5BO 10s. 6d., total- receipts £2,964 15s. Thd., disbursements £2,456 03 . 3i. , leaving a balance of £5OB 15.3. 4d. to be carried forward.—Mr. Barrett asked why the minute as to the printing of accounts had not been acted upon.—The Assistant Overseer said it was not a jegal thing to do, and further the overseers could not get the accounts printed and sell them at a penny each. The books were all open at any time for any ratepayer to examine them. The accounts were suoject to a Government audit, and any item that the auditor considers is not proper, he would strike it out and surcharge the overseers with it.—Mr. G. Clarke asked if the funds were not to be used for the payment of any deficiency, were the ratepayers prepared to pay the net cost of having a cer-ain number printed ? He took if, the object was not merely to get a balance sheet in the form Mr.Houghton had presented it,but in detail. —The matter then dropped.—Mr.Harrison (auditor) said he and his cAleague had gone over the accounts, and found everything correct,and the books well kept.—The accounts were then passed on the motion of Mr. T. Clare, seconded by Mr. J. Sharpe. APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS, kc. The Chairman said it had been customary after the passing of the accounts to appoint certain officers, such as overseers' but an Act had been passed giving the power into the hands of the District Council. He then read a communication from the Local Government Board asking if the overseers had any objection to the power being vested in the Council. He said the overseers did not make any objection, as it seemed to be a general thing that the District Councils were taking the appointment of overseers into their hands, and that was the reason why he did not send a protest against it.—Councillor Gilmour said the appointment of overseers was one of the subjects for discussion at the next meeting of the District Council. That being the first year, he thought it would be courteous on the part of the Council to take the recom- mendations of that meeting, -and he would impress upon ' them the desirability of recommending one gentleman from Earlestown, and one from Newton.—Mr. G. Clarke agreed with the suggestion of Mr. Gilmour.—Councillor Simpson was of a similar opinion, and Mr. Latham then proposed Mr. J. Sankey and Mr. B. Harrison as over- seers for the ensuing year. Mr. W. Clare seconded,and the motion was carried. Mr. H. Houghton was re-appointed assistant over- seer. .

Messrs. D. Williams and D. Forrester were appointed common-loomers ; and Messrs. E. Fairclough and S. Bar- rett were appointed auditors. Messrs. Z. Haidley, J. Bridge, and W. Longton were appointed bu rley men . A voluntary incidental rate of id. in the was laid. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
For a' that, for a' that, It's coming yet for a' that, When man to man the world o'er hhall brothers be for a' that.

W. GEE.

SOCIALISTS AND LAND NATIONALISATION Sir,—l wonder how it is that such men as your corres pondent "Tony bumpkin " persistently keep on mis- representing the aims and ideas of the Socialists on the laud question. I have read articles and listened to lectures by such men as " Nunquarn,"Leonard Hall,John Trevor and others on the subject, and I never heard or read anything about dividing the land among individ- uals or anything that could be construed to that meaning. We contend as Socialists that the land and all that it contains is God's gift to man and should be worked by the State for the benefit of all the people in it; and not by a few men for their own private ends and profit. Tony rays land nationalisation has not a leg to stand on; but I think it has two good stiardy legs under it. Both before and after the Norman Conquest we find that the land belonged to the King and he granted it to his fol- lowers in return for services to be rendered in time of war. After the tire when the Magna Charta was obtained (which greatly curtailed the power el the King) we find the Barons passing a law and agreeing to pay a tax of 6s. in the pound on the land instead of military service, and afterwards dropping it to 4s. in the pound which has since been allowed to fall into abeyance; and the expense of maintaining the army and navy (which it was raised for) was saddled mainly on the working classes. Our friend tells us' Individualism has been tried and the British Empire is the result," but there are other results which tie does not mention. During the late severe weather we have had the spectacle of thousands of honest men and women and ianocent children starv- ing in the midst of plenty, and frozen to death in the shadow of warehouses filled with warm clothing; condi- tions which Individualists of • Tony bumpkin's' stamp tell us cannot be altered, but which we as Socialists say can and will be altered in the good time coming. HECTOR.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
LAND NATIONALISATION.

Sir,—The great "I am"in Tony Lumpkin's,has spoken again, and it is Very evident that the thorn ef the bud bas pricked him in a vital part, for he exclaims" I am a Socialist," and then rambles off in his usual defamatory style of slandering the labour leaders, and using the canting phrases of s acialist mobs, &c., then says these good folks would much rather deal with irrelevancies than calmly examine the subjett in hand. I wonder who it is that is trying to wriggle from the question at issue, for T. L. utterly ignores the propositions and facts I placed before him in my last letter. I ask again is private ownership in land equitable, just, and moral ? Our friend admits the fact that land has been robbed from the nation, and tries to slip out by saying, do two wrongs make one right? T. L. knows well enough ' but he has not the manliness to admittbe fact—he knows that robbery is wrong, and that to despoil the robber of that which he has stolen and give it back to the real owner is richt. Then he goes on to say that our " budding " friend has fallen into the common error of judging one age by the standard of morality of another age. I must admit my ignorance sir, for I only know of one standard of morality, that is equity, justice, and purity, aud any morality outside of this is a sham and a fraud.

And still our great Tony rushes on, claiming that cer- tain names have not a true British ring about them, and possibly the Rosebud may be the product of another soil. Supposing I was, should Ibe any the less a man, should I be any the less a member of this great constit- tion, and should I be any iMe less a good citizen. Shame upon you Tony Lumpkin for your snivelling and con- temptible insinuations. But, Mr. Editor, as you know, I am an Englishman,, and it is because lam one that I love my country and my country's welfare, that I want to see a better state of things in our midst, and it is be- cause I am a worker, and not a sham, that I desire to see my fellowmen in better homes, with better facilities for education and 'developments in all his faculties. It is because I am an Englishman that I wish to bend of the white slaves in our midst, and it is because I am a woik ?r, that I view with alarm, the great commercial stagnation which surrounds us. The thousands of men that are idle, with nothing for them to do, is a question that is with us and will have to be faced, and I think that this question of the land is the one thing which will solve the problem, here again we come to the land.

Just for once to use Tony Lumpkin's style of argument suppose a footpad knocked down travellers and stole his watch, and gave the watch to his sweetheart,who sold it to a Jew, who sold it again to a sailor, and suppose the traveller came forward and claimed the watch, would the law allow this sailor to keep it ? No,but if the foot- pad had been made a peer fur stealing, that would have made all the difference. You may say, of course, that the law of the land has confirtned the old nobility in the possession of their stolen property. Quite true, but it is equally true that the law was made by the landlords themselves, and I claim that if the majority of the people were pri pared through the House of Commons to alter those laws, they would be justified in doing so ? In the eighteenth century the big landlords robbed the small holders in a shameful manner, and within a space of eighty years no less than 7,000,000 acres were enclosed -by men who had no legitimate claim, and when we sug- gest that the land of Eacdand should be restored to the English people, these land robbers have the impudence to raise the cry of plunder. Now let us see,what is land without labour? No value can be got out o it, but through labour. If you doubt this, take a six-acre field, fence it in and wait until the crops grow,vou koow it will never grow unless someone ploughs it and sows it. Also notice what these lords do when they get the land. The late Mr. Stephen Mason, then representing one of the divisions of Lanark- shire, where trade depression was peculiarly severe, instanced the case of a lord highwayman who preys on the minery industry of the district, to the extent of £140,000 per annum. His method of black- mail is this ; lie benignly grants leases for twenty-one rears at fixed rents, varying from £5OO to £5,000. These are paid whether the mine is worked or not. If

worked the royalties come into play. These vary from Id. to Ig. 91. per ton. A still more startling example of landlord jobbery, is to be found in the experience, of the Barrow Hematite Steel Company. It had a share capital of £2,000,000. For years not a penny was made in dividends' but three noble landlords, Devonshire, Buc- cleuch. and Muneastor, divide between them both the site of the town, and the minerals under and around. They received from the company as their dues £126,000 per annum, while the hands who sweltered at the furnaces, had to content themselves, with £63,000 per annum. And in addition to this the hands had to pay , rates, while the three lords got Minot free. Then you talk of foreign competition, aud threaten to lower the wages of the working men. I say men be up and doing; think and judge for yourselves; do not be fooled any linger. You have the power in your own hand. Realm- h.-r that providence helps those who help themselves. Hoping that brighter days may shine on the workers' head is the wish of

Why do I Curse thrift P First, because it, as it is preached to-day, is a fraud and a farce ; and second, be- cause it is incapable of being universally adopted. The industrial class, the workers for whose benefit this modern idea of thrift has beeu invented,is the class that is responsible for the production of all wealth. The pro- duct of the nation (English)in 1882 was £1,500,000,000. Its produce was worth that amount measured in money. (See estimation not of Socialists but R. GiffPri, Pro Marshall, Leoni Levi, Pro Mulhall, Am.) The workers according to the same authorities, take as their share, which againoccording to these statisticians is relatively an ever-diminishing quantity, about a quarter. Now, it does not require extraordinary powers of comprehension to see the inevitable result Of making a man produce £lO worth of wealth and then only giving him purchas- ing power to buy equal to £2 10s. Then the workers are told to save in good times, if a worker can he said to have any—and by good times is meant when the work- ers are literally over-burdened with work—a portion of their earnings. Now,this means that they must abs,ain from the purchase of a certain quantity of commodities, because they do not draw their wages until these corn- „ modities are produced. Now,the quantity of commodi- CURES OF BRONCHITIS, TAsTums. Como:3,o.l'mm, .axn COITGLIS by DR. LOCOCK'S WAFERS.—Mr. Clifton, 45, Fleet- ties that is saved is exactly proportionate to the o street,Br y. ritneos,v;-1.;I rlavtetghreeya rpleasure fo remedyre c o m m :net tog quantity of money said to be saved. Now, what musttte Wafers, wrs k be tile consequence? When this tomfoolery has reached Inasthina. consumption, bronchitis, soughs, colds, gout a certain point we hear, c ints of depression in rheumatism, arid all hysterical and nervous complaints, in trade,gluts of commodities inctenarkets,money scarce, stant relief and a rapid cure is given by Dr. Loeuck's Wafers, and the result is people thrown out of work, short time .whichtoste pleasantly. Sold by.all druggists at Is. I,ld an Zs 9d• per box:—Adet. (6.) for those w.ho are in worlr, misery and suffering, and a

ROSEBUD.

NJ Home should be Without the Household Favourites " STANLEY " BARING POWDER,

BRITANNIA RELISH. MANUFACTURED BY J. MEADOWCROFT AND CO., STANLEY MILLS, BURY.

= - _

. ,

iNIQW

===== 0002601_18950330_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEATH 01' MR. JOSEPH DAVIES,J.P., OF WARRINGTON. AN INTERESTING CAREER.

Most of our readers will, ere this, be fully con- versant with the lamentable fact that Mr. Joseph Davies J.P., of the Old Warps, Latchford, died late on Friday night last week. Mr. Davies, or to give him the title by which he was best known during his public life, Alderman Davies— has been a confirmed invalid for two or three years,very seldom being seen outside the precincts of his residence, and absolutely precluded from taking any part in the affairs of the town,which:he actively did in former years. In his time the deceased goatleman has been an exceed- ingly hard worker, both in public gratis and in connec- tion with private business, and it is to this excessive labour that his break-down at little over 60 year.i is due Few men were better known, in the town and neighbour- hood, and none in possession of a larger portion of the respect and esteem of the large number of pa sple by whom he was known. Mr. Davies was the son of Mr. and Mrs. John Davies, of Birmingham, and was born on the 24th November, ' 1826, and he was thus in his 69th year atthe time of his death. He was married on the 2nd November, 1848, to Miss Cragg, daughter of the :ate Mr. John Cragg, of Warrington, by whom he had issue five sons, namely, Mr. John Edmund Davies, who is the actuary of the Warrington Savings' Bank; Mr. Percy Davies, solicitor. Sankey-st. ; Mr. Edwin Davies, who died at the Savings' Bank, where Mr. Joseph Davies wag then living, and where he was at the time actuary; Mr. Dennis Davies, who was drowned in the river Mersey, near the Old Warps, in 1867; and Mr. Harry Davies, manager of the Carrs' Colliery, Prescot,of which the deceased gentlemen was one of the owners. The subject of our sketch was one of the trustees of the Warrington Blue Coat School, Winwick-road, and it was at that place where his education was chiefly obtaiaed. Naturally, he always after entertained a strong affection for the institution to which he owed so much,and this was shown in the faithful manner in which he has since guarded its interests. The Blue Coat Bro- therly Smiety owes its foundation to his energy, and he for many years was its president, With the late Mr. Samuel Rigby be was a local director of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank, and as an accountant he conducted for many ypars an important business, which, on his retirement; was sold by him to Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., who still carry it on in the same place, Bewsey Chambers. Mr. Joseplsspavies's political life has been correspond- ingly active 6.4 d though by profession he was a Conser- vative he was by no means bigoted in his political 'faith, and never isitated to take an independent course when, in his opinion, the action favoured by his own fotrty was not for the public good. He was elected Mayor of Warrington in 1871-2-3, and during the time he occupied the position of chief magis- trate, he arranged with others—although ;lie took the I most active part in the matter—the purchase of the re- sidence of the late Lord Winmarleigh, which was subse- quently converted into a Town Ball. During the mayor- alty of the late Alderman Webster, the question of the purchase of the gas works arose, and in this Alderman Davies took a most active part as an advocate of the purchase, speaking constantly in the Town Council and at the immerous public meetings in favour of the transfer to the town. Along with other portraits to be seen on the walls of the Mayor's parlour is one of Alderman Davies, depicting him wearing his robe and chain of office ; the likeness is one of great truthfulness. The picture is in oils and was presented to Mr. Davies on his retirement from the position of Mayor. As a churchman, he has filled the office of churchwarden of the Parish Church, and his hon. services, cheerfully rendered for quite 30 years as hon. secretary to the Infirmary and Dispensary, will not readily be forgotten. When the Manchester Ship Canal Scheme was on the tapis Alderman Davies was one of the Provisional Com- mittee. He attended innumerable meetings in London, Manchester, and Warrington, and the scheme ha) no abler exponent. It is a current belief that the undertaking —which he has fortunately lived to see completed—was commenced owing to his having had given to him by the late Lord Winmarleigh a report, written by the late Sir John Rennie, the celebrated engineer, who TO years ago dealt with the question of the advisal ility of making a Ship Canal to Manchester. Being an old member of the Brazennose Club, Manchester, he put this report before his friends; amongst. them being the late Mr. Daniel Adamson. Mr. Davies retired from the Town Council a few years ago, audit will be remembered that only a short time ago, he, together with Mr. John Cros- field, was presented with the freedom of the Borough in recognition of the many services he had rendered to the town. Speaking of Mr. Crosfield, it will not vet have been forgotten, the furore created principally in the Conservative faction, when the deceased gentleman pro- posed Mr. Crostield as Alderman in the year 1881. This act—that of an open-minded man—was considered by the Tories as little better than traitorous conduct, and so incensed were some of the members that one of them, the late Mr. Marsh, then 'councillor, tore the portrait of Mr. Davies from the walls of the Conservative Club and put his foot through it. In public Mr. Davies was a pertinent speaker, and in private a jolly companion. He was a good amateur ac- tor, and was for many years one of the mainstays • the old Warrington Amateur Dramatic Society and ef the Old 1 rafford Club in Manchester. He was the author of several books, one being called "Relaxations of a linsV Life," which is not only well written,but very amusing. His best known vsork,however, is the anmedy,which was played at the Warrington Theatre Royal about the year 1860, and entitled "Our Town, or, the First of Novem- ber." This " trifle," as the author called it, was dedicated to "Colonel Wilsen-Patten, M.P., aide- de-camp to the Queen, Ito., tec., by his most obedient and faithful servant, the author." In regard to local charities, Mr. Davies was a generous and cheerful giver, his name always appearing well up in any public subscription lists,and it is well-known that he gave away considerable sums of money privately in response to the many calls made upon him for (support to churchee, chapels, schools, or any good cause in res- pect of which his aid might be asked. He was the hon. secretary of the Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary for about 30 years ; and a good idea will be gathered from the above as to the creditable and interesting life lie has led, for the most part in this town.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
lIISTORICUS.

THE I.L.P. Sir,—l must appeal to you to exercise that forbear- ance regarding space that characterised the publication of an epistle on the above subject by Mr. H. Whitham in order to afford the same means to justify the existence of a Socialist party distinct from any other party that you afforded H. W. in his denunciation of it, I am not much surprised at the confusion manifested by El. W. when I review the distorted caricature presented of my speech to which he refers, and I promise to be as brief as possible in my reply to him. The necessity for the existence of a Socialist party with a policy distinct from and antagonistic to that of the present political parties is centred in the fact that the industrial problem is not a political but an economic problem, that the great struggle of the future is not between churches and heri- tics, not between republicans and kings, not between Liberals and Tories,but between the propertied and the propertyless, between the privileged and plundered, be- tween the have-ails and do-nothings, and the do-ails and have-nothings. The conscious Socialist is styled by El. W. a victim to a brainless imagination because this motly horde of wiseacres dubbed legislators of the middle-class debating society at Westminster, this curious conclave of religious freethinkers, aristocratic ignoramuses, briefiess barristers, and cunning busixess-sharks has no charm for him, particularly that portion of them labelled Radicals. He (the Socialist) is disgusted with this new-fangled Progressive- Nonconformist, Pie-crust promising—purity—puffey —Liberal—Radical Party. The average member of the self-styled party of the masses evidently imagines that the worker, upon perceiving that his exploitation is the result of a specially prepared concoction generously manipulated by his party, ought to give way to fiercer exultations of joy. But, seriously, what earthly difference can it make to the worLer which of the political parties predominates. Economically they are the same, and politically their real differences are almost imperceptible. Let us look at facts. It is obvious to us—possibly not so to H. W.— that the legislature to-day no longer consists of two real distinct parties i e., of two bodies of men differentiated from eaco other by fundamentally different principles. Home Rule abandoned and the quite minor question of disestablishment ignored,neither of which, by the way, would benefit the workers a red cent. economically,there exists no reason whatever why the simulacrum of party organization should be maintained, or why the struc- tural arrangements of St. Stephen's should not be altered to resemble those of an ordinary lecture ball where all seats face the chair. And with regard to Home Rule the difference of absolute principle is more appar- ent than real. The Gladstonians themselves positively deny any desire of separation and affirm their inten- tion of maintaining the absolute veto of the im- perial parliament, while even the Unionists avow their ultimtte intention of extending to Ireland the same privileges of local government existing in England, and to be enjoyed in Scotland. Again, our legislature at times affords peculiar instances of mere political juggl- ing and real party differences. Let H. W. betake him- self to the British House of Commons on one of these nights. Observe the curious spectacle of one-half of the House wrangling with the other half as to which should. direct the operations of the legal plunder t)f the people. Let him observe the great change in tbe real demeanour of these men at the claim of one of the few labour mem- bers. The labour member claims that the burden im- posed upon the people whom he represents might be palliated by a partial restoration of those natural re- sources of human life that confiscation has robbed him of, and these men who five minutes before were giving vent to their fiery wrath at each other, immediately be- come reconciled, and the labour man is the object of universal opprobrium, Their withering contempt and Loom, their foul imprecations, the moral standard of which unfortunately for some of them limited by what is called Parliamentary etiquette, the latitude of which, however, is at times so stretched that the scene would disgrace a pothouse quarrel,and if it is pushed to a divi- sion the mad rush of both parties to cram one lobby very soon shows the labour man what he is likely to capture from them. If, for instance, lie claima the people's right, through the State, to own the railways which were produced by their labour,and even went so far as to offer as compensation, money enough to build them anew,their amazement at his audacity would soon convince him of the necessity,or rather of the real diffe- rence between the labour party and the privileged party the respective nominees of which call themselves Libe- rals and Tories.

We Socialists visionary as we are, know that political reform ia useless and ineffective 'as a remedy for the pr blem,aad is very much like using liniment and ointment to heal up the breach in a wooden leg. But, says 11,W. I should join the Liberal party in order to influence it. Why not join the 'I ory party for the same reason ? This seems very like appealing to devout believers in Chris- tianity to swell the ranks of the National Atheist S)ciety in order to influence them. Oh, no, H. W. he differ- ences between the Socialist party and the political par- ties are, unlike theirs,realities and not shams. When I read of these constant appeals to the workers to compro- mise with their enemies, to trust to their manly inde- pendence and s forth, I generally experience a peculiar rumbling sensation somewhere about the vicinity of the stomach that is by no means inviting. Fancy the reli- giously-intoxicated missionary among the savages of West Africa endeavouring to compromise with the can- nibals who, having caught him, are clamouring with hunger for the delicious relish a piece of white man affords them. So much for trying to influence the politi- cal proflt-mongers. _

===== 0002601_18950330_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN LIND NEWTON.

FARLESTOWN MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL. The draw for the honourable position of May Queen in the coming annual feotival, took place at the Mission Hall on Wednesday night. There was a very large number of candidates, the lucky num- ber falling ultimately upon a girl named Isherwood living in Leigh-st., Earlestown. 1.0.G.T. (EBENEZER LODGE). he usual weekly session of the Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge was held in the Co-operative Hall on Tuesday evening. 13r0. J. Taylor, U.T., presided, aud there was a fair attendance of members and friends. The programme of the evening was : Sing, recite, or pay id," Sister Hatton being re- sponsible. The following took part :—Sisters Coombs, Mrs. Witty, Mrs. Taylor, and Hatton ; Bros. Dean, Morris, J. Taylor, Ureenall, and Hop- kins, from Hope of Earlestown Lodge. A very in- teresting programme was conclu4eel at 9.30. Guth) TEMPLARY.

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Templars was held lit the Co-opera- tive Hall, on Monday evening. Bro. J. Miller presided, and there was a very large attendance. Five candidates were admitted to membership, and several others proposed. The digest of business for No. 1 Convention to be held at Earlestown on Sat- urday votiek was read by the Secretary. The pro- gramme of the evening was "Auction night." A varied assortment of articles whicn had been given by members were sold for the benefit of the lodge, Bro. W..fluddleston officiating as auctioneer.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
VULCAN FOUNDRY INFANT SCHOOL.

The Vloc—e-s—a-n Inspector's report on the religious examination held recently at the School, which is under the charge of Miss M. E. Lath waite has come to hand, and is as follows :—" Presented in two groups :—The work in this school is evidently very thorough and sympathetic. The children have been well taught, and the answering was very general. The amount included in the work offered, was also extensive for the little ones in both groups. The old and new testament have been taught well; the child- ren often gave me the exact words of the Bible as a natural answer to my question. The texts given for repetition were well known, and the hymns very nicely and sweetly sung; the collects and prayers were reverently said. A few children also took a little written work, which was well done. The work is evidently carried on in a thoroughly satisfactory manner. Present 105, average 83. NEwTON DIVISION BOWLING ASSOCIATION.

The annual general meeting of the above associa- tion was held at the Pied Bull Hotel on Saturday evening. Owing, no doubt to the inclement state of the weather, only six clubs were represented viz., Newton, Earlestown, Newton Nursery, Gol- borne, Haydock and Notth Ashton. Mr. T. leloly- neux, of Golborne, presided. The minutes of the last meeting were read, and confirmed, anl Mr. John Jackson, treasurer, presented a balance sheet which showed that the season opened with an adverse balance of ..£1 7s. 4d. ; the total income amounted to £2l 13s. hid. The balance sheet was adopted. Mr. T. W. Legh, M.P., was elected presi- dent, Mr. John Robinson, vice-president, Mr. John Jackson, treasurer. Mr. Crompton tendered his resignation as secretary, saying that he could not devote the time he wished, during the summer months, and it was with regret that be had to resign. AEU r some discussion the resignation was accepted, and Mr. E. Grace was elected secretary. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded from the chair, to Mr. Crompton for his past services. The draw for the games during the season then took place,each.club having to play on neutral greens.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
WARGRAN E" NATIONAL SCHOOL:

, The Rev. F. Grenstead, Diocesan Inspector, who conducted a recent examination in religious know- ledge, at the above school, has forwarded his report to the Rev. J. Caison,rector,which reads as follows: —The religious tone of this school is strongly marked ; the prayers are very excellent, and the hymns are very nicely sung. The inspection has also shown that the instruction imparted is earnest and thorough. Group 1. Passed a creditable ex- amination their Bible being well-known, the old' Testament, on the whole, better than the hew; the catechism is also accurately repeated, and their explanation of it with reference to the scripture freely given. The repetition of Scripture both here and in all the groups is unequal, some passages being thoroughly mastered,others more imperfectly grasped. Group '2. did excellent work, their accur- ate verbal memory of passages from St. John's Gospel showing how well it had been taught. Cate- chism and prayer book were also very good; old Testament rather weaker. The written work of , both this group and group 3 deserves special com- mendation. Group 3. The answering here was un- equal. There is some excellent work done, but the answering should be more general amongst the lower half of the class. With this exception the work is good. As a whole the examination shows a .very satisfactory condition of religious education in the school. Present 232, average 225. FUNERAL OF MR. JOHN RODGERS. _ _ _ . _

The interment:of the body of Mr. John Rodgers, Wargrave, whose death we recorded last week, took place on Saturday. Owing to the body having to be conveyed to Glasgow, the funeral cortege left deceased's late residence at the early hour of 8 o'clock, for Earlestown station. Amongst those who followed the hearse to the station were Mr. James and George Rodgers, Mr. William Sinclair, nephew, Mr. W. Crawford, Rev. I. &Hatt, and other friends and neighbours. Representing the Vulcan Foundry Co. where deceased was employed. were Mr. Collingwood (general manager), Mr. Norman, works manager, Mr. Bodmer, Mr. Thompson, the foreman, and the employes of the smithy. The coffin was of oak, with brass mountings, and was covered with fine black cloth, in accordance with the Scotch custom. The inscription on the plate was—" John Rodgers, died starch 21, 1895, aged 47 years." Beautiful wreaths were sent by "The employees of th.e Vulcan Foundry Co.;' Mr. and Mrs. Crawford, Mr. and Mrs. Porter. On arrival at the station the coffin was placed in a vehicle, provided by the Railway Company, which was afterwards attached to the 8.45 train for the North. On arrival at Glasgow at 4.10 in the afternoon, the corpse was met by the relatives of the deceased and widow, and amidst a heavy downpour of rain the cortege drove to Sighthill Cemetery, where it was met by about 150 of the deceased's late fellow workmen, friends and acquainta.nces, who accompanied the body to its last resting place. The service at the grave was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Johnston of the United Presbyterian Church, Springburn, Glasgow.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS OP TEMPERANCE.

The Samuel Morley Section of Cadets held their usual meeting on Wednesday evening in the Co- operative Hall. Earlestown, Bro. W. Gibbs, W.A., presided, and Bro. o.Pickett. A.W.P. took charge of the section in the absence of Bro. Judson through sickness. Shortly before closing time the worthy patron visited the section. On his entrance in the room the section gave him a hearty reception. It was reported that a section was to be opened at Tiaydock on Friday the 29th, to be named the Sir Wilfred Lawson section.—The Britain Need Division met at 7.30, Bro S. Foden, W.P., in the chair. There was a very good atter.dance, it being quarterly night. The following were elected as representatives to Grand Division which will meet at Earlestown on April 20th :—Bros. John Judson, W P., J. French, P.W P., J. Pickett, P.W P., S. B'oden, W P., b. H. Robinson. R.G. ; alternate rerre- .4entatives, T. Judson, P.W.P., J. Hughes, P.W.P. After discussion it was decided to have a picnic,and the following were elected a committee to meet representatives of the tern perance societies to unite: Bro. Pearson, G. Clarke, and S. Foden. A very pleasant and profitable meeting closed about 9.30.

• "In the organism of man as in that of all the higher aMmals, the materials for the nutrition of every portion Of the structure are supplied by the Blood. If the Blood is diseased the b dy is diseased." " Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture' is a guarsnteed cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ev•or discovered, and it ss ill free the system from all impurities from whatever es use arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Leg., Pitnyies and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testimonials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per itettle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. Ad-t. (7) There is no nourishment as effective in consumption as Sc. Vs Emulsion. This prepar-tion promotes new lung tissue, (were, mes the waste of t`te discase,and hv supplying strength it often results in a permanent cam It is effective in any orm of wasting. (7) •

===== 0002601_18950330_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

The funeral of Mr. Joseph Davies took place at the Cemetery on Tuesday. A large number of friends and representatives from the Corporation and public institu- tions assembled to pay their last tribut6 of respect to their fellow-townsman. The funeral cortege left the Old Warps at eleven o'clock, and at Bridge Foot it was met by members of the Corporation and borough magistrates who had proceeded from the Town Hall in carriages,and were headed by the police, under the direction of Mr. S. Hunt (chief constable), and Inspectors Cox and Bowen, and the children from the Blue Coat School,in charge of Mr. E. Rose. The funeral. procession then proceeded along Bridge-st.,Buttermarket-st.,lrlam-st.,and Church- St. to the Parish Church. There were 35 carriages in procession and the officiating clergymen at the Parish Church were the Rev. F. Slater (vicar of St. James's), the Rev.G. B. Thurston, and the Rev. H.M.R. Hutt. The procession was met at the Parish Church by the clergy and choir, with the people's warden, Council- lor A. Woods,and upon entering the building, the "Dead March" in Saul was played by Mr.W.S. Woods.theorgan- ' ist. The hymn, " Brief life is here our portion," was then'sung, followed by the 90th Psalm. After the lesson had been read by the Rev. F. Slater, the hymn, " Abide , with me," was sung, after which the choir led the way out of the church, singing, " Lord, now lettest Thou Thy servant depart in peace." The procession then proceeded to the Ceme- tery, and the concluding cerennony was performed by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, after which the children of the Blue Coat School sang in a very impressive manner, "0 God our help in ages past." The deceased gentleman I was buried in a vault on the north side of the Cemetery a granite monument standing at the head, in memory of" Edwin Joseph Davies, son of Joseph and Betsy Davies, born 14th March, 1854, died August 25th 1882 ; I also Dennis Joseph Davies, another son,died 12th August 1868, aged 7 years. The chief mourners were Mr. John E. Davies, Mr. IPercy Davies, and Mr. Harry Jones Davies, (sons), Masters Denis, and Leicester Davies (grandsons) Mr. W. Fairhurst (brother-in-law), Mr. B. Hall (Southport), Mr. Joseph Acton (Sutton Weaver),Mr. Forshaw (Messrs. Davies, and Forshaw), and Mr. John Burgess. The members and officials of the Corporation present were the Mayor ( L ouncillor James Fairclough), Alder- men Francomb, Harrison, Blackhurst, Wright and Hutchinson, Councillors Roberts Baird, Longton,Woods, Smethurst, Bennett, Cannel', Pierpoint, Monks, Evans, R. T. Fairclough, Heaton, Hill, Lea, Muir, Plumpton, Shillcock, Skelton, and Smethurst, Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasarer), T. Longdin (borough surveyor), F. Taylor (secretary of gas department), Ross (water works department). The magistracy were represented by Messrs. John Fairclough, R. Garnett, T. Birchall, J. H. Fleming, J. W. Hayward, S. Chandly, J. Geddes, G.F.F. White (deputy magistrates' clerk). The Liberal Association were represented by Messrs. Pierpoint, Roberts, and Fleming, and the Chamber of Commerce by Messrs. Fleming, Garnett, Pierpoint, John Fairclough, Roberts, and Bennett. The Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank was represented by Mr. H. S. Crompton (general manager). and Mr. F. W. Gilbert (local manager), Carr's Colliery Company, Prescott, were re- presented by Mr. H. R. D. A. Willis, J.P.. DL., of Halsnead, Prescot, and Mr. Edward Fidler (directors), and Messrs. A. Read, J. Atherton, J. Read, P. Jones, T. Barrow,and J. Saunders. Mr. H. D. Spencer represented the Union Plate Glass works, St. Helens. _ _

_ Among others at the funeral were Rev. R. Greenell, Major and Mrs. Pickmere, Colonel Ridgway, Mr. Travis Pickmere, Mr. Robert Davies, Mr. F. Monks, J.P., C.C., Rev. B. B. Prescott, Drs. T. Starkey Smith, White, Sherratt, Fox, Richmond,and Spinks, Messrs. Sylvanus Reynolds. Longland, E. Connor, C. Worthington, J. L. Tunstall, C. D. Parkinson, R. Dobson, W. D. Jeans, W. Tinsley, T. Lane W. Bolton, J. Ct. Craik, J. Smith, J. Houghton, W. Lane, J. McClow, J. Dewhurst, T. Bennett, J. Hayward, J. Whitlow, W. H. Rigby, J. Hol- brook, W. A. Mawdsley (representing Newton Conserva- tive Association), Highfield, H. N. Houghton,S. Davies, J. Knowles, A. Jolley, W. Dillmore, W. Lowe, If. B. Matthews, H. W. Cookson, J. T. Picton, J. R. Williams, A. Downs, and S. Parkinson. Carriages were also sent by Dr. Bowdon, Mr. John Crosfielei, and Mr. Edward Greenell. Alderman Sutton was unable to attend, and he was represented by Mr. H. W. Cookson. Wreaths were sent by Mrs. Joseph Davies, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Davies, Mr. and Mrs. Percy Davies and children, home and farm servants, nurse, Carr's Colliery Company, the workmen of Carr's Colliery Company, Mrs. Sylvanus Reynolds, Mr. and Mrs. %aye, Mr. and Mrs. John Geddes, Mr. and Mrs. Forshaw, Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Ca., Mr. C. Leigh, Miss Barratt, Carleton Hall ; Major and Mrs. Pickmere, Alderman and Mrs. Francomb, Mr. W. Dillworth, Mrs. Cragg (Southport), Newton Division Conservative Association, Mrs. W. Mounsey, Mr. Jolley and family (Southport), Mr. S. Whitfield (Widnes), Mr. and Mrs. W. Fairhurst, etc.

The coffin was supplied by Messrs. Mounfield and Sons, and was of dark pollard oak, with pannelled sides and brass mountings, the inscription being : " Joseph Davies, of the Old Warps, born November 24th, 1826, died March 22nd, 1895." The funeral ar- rangements ware admirably carried out by Messrs. J. and W. Dutton, Sankey-street.

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARKEt.—WSDNESDAT, Feb. 131/1. FRUIT, VEGKTABLE. POULTRY, BUTCIIRItS°./151) FISHMONGIBIIB' TABLE. 8. d. 8, .1. d 11 Beef, Eng., 9lb 0 sto 0 9 Melons each ... tli. 0.--0, de, Lamb per lb 0 0— 0 0 Oranges, each 0 0— 0 ,I, Mutton ~0 6 0 10 Celery 9stick 0 0— 0 I',. Veal „ „ Pork ~ ~0 6-0 8 Apricots each 0 0— 0 7, Pork sides ~scured 0 5 —0 0 Cauliflowers each° 8— 0 u Whole pigs„ se 8 0-8 2 Cucumbers eachl 0 -0 a ' n 1 Geese ~0 0— 0 10 Calshages each 0 20 Fowls couple 4 6 5 6 Tomatoes 9 lbo 0— 1 ' Chickens Ducks ~6 0— 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 0— n ~' 0o Raoibits n 0 Hares. each .i. 4 6 -0 0 Asparagus skloo 0 0 --,,,, 0 Pigeons „ Part'idge brace 0 0-0 0 New potal oes „ 0 0— ne a Grouse ~ Pheasants - Turkey 0 ° 1 o—l 2 Green -zprouts It 0 3 „ _Butter, fresh rt. 1 2 1 3 I3,ans,kidney lb 1 ü— u 0 Hen eggs 12&14 1 0-0 0 Pomegainates...o I_o 0 Duck „ 0 0-0 0 Walnuts~ 0 ° Apples 10 Onions „ -0 2 Cheese OO Grapes ~0 0— 3 6 Pine Pine Apple each 26 3 0 „good 57 0)---- 568510 40 0 Greengages:, th 0 0-0 0 , ordinary 3OO 0 Cherries „ ...... 00— 0 0 Isdaiter 9it Strawberries,, 0 0— 0 0 Turbot .. Damsons „ „ 0 0— 0 0 Salmon „ Plums ~0 0— 0 0 Whitt ngs Gooseberries., 0 0— 0 0 Flukes ~ Raspberries ~ 0 0— 0 0 Eels .. •• Black Currants 0 0— 0 0 Soles „ ~6 Red Currants 0 0— 0 0 Sparllngs 0 ° Marrows each 0 0-0 0 Codfish. . Seakale r itlo 0— 0 0 Mackerel each 0 3 v 0 Rhutia, t. bch 0 0— 0 0 Herring V dozen 1 0— 0

C) Wareington.—Printed and Published by JOIN W ll'iCeisl4.9tree at The Examiner General Printing Works- 13(wstorfa-r°6 and Published also at The Examiner Offices, N.° w,nxks ; High-street, BUTPCOUN : 32. (4"rge- 101 C I-Totem • and 33. tis.ket-stieet, EABLifiTOSCS'"" 30 1896.

tat re 4

R

0

, r '. 1. fr ;if. ~,'TI 1,- ? • 1. .f., , ~ t .1 •i, .1- !, ri‘: ~, a• ...',i.' ' ~. i „.. t .. ..,, . „.. ~. , . . . ". . . . r , ..:-

===== 0002601_18950330_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGISTERIAL REFERENCE.

On Saturday morning at the Warrington Borough Pohie Court, Mr. John Burgess, the Chairman, said be- fore proceeding with the business of the court, he would make observation of an event that had taken place within the last few hours, and that was the death of an esteemed and honoured colleague of theirs on the Bench. He referred to Mr. Joseph Davies, of the Old Warps, Latchford, a gentleman who had taken an exceedingly active part in promoting to the best of his ability and with the best judgment that be could bring to bear, the various insfitutioas in this borough and which were flourishing, very largely threugh his instrumentality. The speaker mentioned the Infirmary, which he said owed its existence very largely indeed to the action taken by Mr. Davies. The acquisition af the Town Hall Was another of Mr. Davies's works, for he was the prin- cipal agent in arranging with Lord Winmarleigh for the transfer of the property to the borough, and Mr. Burgess thought Warrington to-day had great cause to be grati- fied that Mr. Davies took the part he did. He (Mr. Bur- gess) hardly knew of anything that was worth taking charge of that Mr. Davies had not been associated with ia his day, and they had lost in Warrington a man that c mid not easily be replaced. THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AND MR. DAVIES. It was unanimously resolved at the meeting of the Council of the Chamber of Commerce, on Monday, that the members record their sincere regret at the death of Mr. Joseph Davies, J.P., who was one of the founders of the Chamber and who for many years took an active interest in its affairs. The Council further desired to express its sympathy with Mrs. Davies and the bereaved family, and appointed a deputation, consisting of the President (Mr. J. H. Fleming) the Vice-President (Mr. Robert Garnett), and Messrs. John Fairclough, William Pierpoint, Henry Roberts, and Arthur Bennett, to attend the funeral of the deceased gentleman.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
BURTONWOOD SCHOOL BOARD.

The quarterly meeting of the above Board was held in the classroom of the Board School, Burton- wood, at 7.15 p.m. on Tuesday last, the 26th inst. Present: Messrs. Andrew Jackson (chairman), William Fairclough, Thomas Norcott, Rev. A. M. Mitchell, 11. Gawthorpe (schoolmaster), F. Wright (attendance officer), William Webster (clerk). The Clerk produced the estimate of receipts and expenditure for the next six month, and it was resolved to serve a pre- cept en the overseers for £72 19s. being at the rate of Id. in the S. The schoolmaster reported the breakage of numerous panes of glass in the school windows, and that it was evident from the marks on the walls and other indications that the damage was wilful. The Clerk was instructed to communi- cate with the police with a view to the apprehen- sion and prosecution of the offenders. The attend- ance officer reported he had made on an average 10 visits per week since the previous rneeting,and that there was still room for improvement in the matter of attendance.

At Adelaide, on Thursday, Mr. Stoddart's cricket team commenced the final match of their tour, their oppon- ents being an eleven of South Australia. The kustralians batted first, acd when stumps were diawn for the day the score stood at 233 for seven wickets. It was stated at a meeting of the shareholders on Thursday that the loss to the North British Railway Company, directly and indirectly, through the Scotch coal strike was £170,000. The Recordership of Newcastle-on-Tyne, made vacan by the death of Mr. Digby Seymour, Q.C., has been conferred on Mr. W. S. Robson, Q.C.

A Darmstadt telegram says Queen Victoria is expected to arrive there from Nice about the 20th April.

Ma. GLADSTONE.-Mr. Gladstone has, since his return ts England.been again inundated with correspondence. Ile, therefore, desires to intimate through the Press that he cannot undertake either to read or to answer any let- ters which may be addressed to him.

FATAL FILM IN COUNTY DowN.—Otter Lodge, Dro- more, county Down, was destroyed by fire on Thursday morning. The inmates had a narrow escape. Two tres- passers, a man and a woman, were found dead in an outhouse badly burned, and it is thought that they had set the place on fire. Twenty-two cows and three horses were roasted to death.

ALLEGED EXTENSIVE EMBEZZLEMENTS BY A LIVERPOOL CLERK.—John Matthew Keene, 24, clerk in the employ- ment of Mews. Elder, Dempster and Co., steamship owners, was, at Liverpool, on Thursday, committed to the sessions charged with embezzling £1,700. The pri- soner had absconded to America,where he was arrested. Over £l,OOO in gold was found in his possession.

===== 0002601_18950330_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHPORT. PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TERMS MODERATE. HIGHEST REFERENCES' MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNE, TRAINED NURSES. KNYPERSLEIC HOUSE. PARK-ROAD

35f. RErALTucuoTIAILTHE T. B. CARD WELL, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 355. Many persons will be surprised that a genuine English Lever can be made for the price, but T. B. CARDWELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever, 355. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for Five years can be had at

kjARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central POllO3 Station. Hall-marked 18. carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from £7 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE?.

===== 0002601_18950330_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
HUSSEY'S INEXPENSIVE JEWELLERY FOR EVENING WEAR. Best qusility imitation and real !Diamonds in Gold Settings, Fracelet,, Necklets, hair Ornaments, Rings, and more than S,OOO Brooches to select from. Fancy Goods in endless variety, warm Skirts, Blouses, &c. Lace Gears, Bows, Ties, Frilling. HUSSErS, 116. BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FROM 3/11 ANY SIZE. P, OUTFITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (kywnElt THE UMBRELLA.)

p UPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES: 110 T. RGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TEUESt or Cure O f Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works,? a 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon, kni-rar4. Manchester.

SOIITII LANCASIZIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head OElee I 1611. ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS frora £se 491,000 on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable Si. Weekly, Entire Clusrge £1 2s. 33. £5O, „ 20s. ~ £3 Si. Od. £lOO, 40.. „ £6 161. Od. ALEX.. GORDON Manager.

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffield and Eleetro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, Le. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYILUEST late J.Harrls Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL 'QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OFCHESTER will be held at the COURT HOUSh, NETHER KNUTSFORD, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the Bth day of April next, at half- past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow. Macclesfield, and Northwith, forming the Koutaford District, and the trials af all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knuts- ford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, atthe opening of the Court on MONDAY, the Bth day of April next, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Castle of Chester, on THURSDAY, the 11th day of April next, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals' arising within the Hundreds of Braxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich„ and Wirral, forming the Chester District,and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-men- tioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on THURSDAY, the 11th day of April next, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTB, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Cheater. Chester, 18th March, 1895. •

WARRINGTON. 805 BRIDGE STREET, . 20m MARCH, 1895. MRS. JOSEPH DOBS.ON begs to thank her numerous friends and customers for the generous sup- port accorded to her late husband for many years past, and begs to announce that she has TRANSFERRED the BUSI- NESS to her eldest son MR. J. W. DOBSON, and trusts that the same patronage will be extended to him. Mrs. Dobson will attend at the above address on Wednesdays and Saturdays for the purpose of receiving accounts owing to the estate a her late husband. Warrington, 80, Bridge-street 20th March, 1895. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, Having succeeded to the business so long, and sue- cessfully carried on by my late father t beg to appeal to the public for a share of their p dronage and support. I intend carrying on the business on the same lines as my respected father, and trust with unremitting attention and by offer- ing the best qualities of meat obtainable at reasonable prices, to secure the confidence of the public which it shall be my earnest endeavour to merit. Town and country orders strictly attended to.— Flours faithfully, JOHN W. 1)01:30N.

TROMAB I' RAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, .to. for the Collection 01 Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REVERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

. • II ANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. TUB PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND - IRON COMPANY, LIMITBD, INCH HALL OOLLIBRIRS. NEIR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in ,too. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, Houoe orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98. N.B.—Orders received also at 19a, Sankey-st.

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, TIA.I-IKBT-STRKET, BARLBSTOWN. GBSERAL STATIONER, NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to Order. NEWSPAPERS and PERIODICALS Delivered ta Order. A good assortment of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

..R. (MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY. IThe only Cure for Colds. Coughs, 1 Bronchitis. &c. - MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS FACTS. .{ The only Cure for I NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. ---- MORRIS. CHEMIST. ' I ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAM SON 'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRI DGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING.

TILE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHA.NTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLAST-ER, STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO.. LD. AGENTS FOR ACKER% WHITLEY I CO., LD., lIICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. REID OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. COAL SIDINGS : SLATE WHARVES: Telephone No. 19. Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay Tel. Address, Mat son street, Runcorn, Garstun„ Mold Jo. Arpley, Warrington.

MACKENZIE'S FEMALE 'REMEDY. One case guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARITIES hi 12 hours. HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is impmisible. Send stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TEM- MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the mo,t POWERFUL and STRONGEIsT Remedy Sold, and in no single ease has it ever fasled—even in the most longstanding, heti ate, and 'lingering cases. Post free, undercover, with written guaran- tee of cure 88. Give shillings).—Mrs. W. B. MACKENZIE, Trafford House, 83, Dawes Road, Fulham, Londoo. Mention paper.

ELECTRIC LIGHTING. ROYCE & CO. LTD., MANCHESTER. Manufacturers and Patentees, SEE "UNDER THE CLOCK" BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON FOR SAMPLE OF WORK.

FRISCH, SCHIERWATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTWORISED AGENTS FOR THE WALTHAM WAt CH COMPANY. FRISCH, SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watchmakers, have gained a univeraal fame tor these Watches as THE DES r TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by Imitation. Price unrivalled. -- Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI 15 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto Gold, from 4 4 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND SILVER, PuRCEAsED in large and small quantities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REED, JEWELLER AND PAWNBKOKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

OPECTACLES AND EYEGLASSES SPECIALLY MADE FROM 4/6. IF between the age of 30, 40, or 50, without any apparent cause, ordinary print becomes confused. and the letters run into one a lother, then spectacles are necessary. CHADBERN AND SON. 17, JAMES-STREET, (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station.) ARE THE OLD OPTICIANS IN LIVERPOOL. CLOSE ON SATURDAYS AT 2 O'CLOCK.

Established 1885. Estimates given. W. J. SHAW, R.P.C., AND SONS, RE3ISTEItED SANITARY PLUMBERS, 89, DALLAM-LANE, WARRINGTON. PAINTERS, GLAZIERS. PAPERHANGERS. PLUMBING done on the simplest and most approved principles. BATHS fitted with all latest improvements from, £lO and upwards BREAKAGES arising from frost promptly attended to. EP P S'S I GRATEFUL. COMFORTING. BREAKFAST—SUPPER. COCOA I BOILING WATER OR MILK.

J. AND W DUTTON RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCE THAT ON THESD.AY AND WEDNESDAY NEXT, MARCH 26ri AND 27TH, AND FOLLOWING DAYS, THEY WILL MAKE THEIR FIRST SPRING SHOW OF ALL TEE _LATEST NOVELTIES IN TRIMMED MILLINERY, MANTLF4 COSTUMES, AND DRESS MATERIALS. 16, 18, AND 20, SANK EY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH SYSTEM. INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH SWUM

29, PICCADILLY (Opposito Infirmary Clock) Manchester MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, gaitlity, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Da:ly. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. TEETH! TEETH I TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown am/ Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,)) a.m.to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sets 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.R. Lett.rs patent. MODERATE AND . INCLUSIVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS' TEETH are the best and cheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TBETH are Lasting. Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. • MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TEETH are made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System.! MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids toHealth and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. ' MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladles in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. , MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington. 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13. Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.' Horwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address t NORTHWICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY.)) a.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

THOMAS HAMER. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. GRIFFIN HOTEL, EARLESTOWN. PROMPT SETTLEMENTS. J. M. BEACON, 38, PINNER'S BROW, WARRINGTON. BOTTLER OF BURTON ALES AND DUBLIN STOUTS. MACES HOP, BITTERS AND 'OLD STYLE GINGER BEER. Family trade specially catered for.

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON, FOR GOOD BOOTS. LADIES' Calf Goloshed Walking BOOTS and SHOES In all STYLE., and FITTINGS. GENTLEMEN'S Horse Skin BOOTS, with Waterproof SOLES, for Easy wear. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS. GENTLEMEN'S COURT SHOES. LADIES' and GIRLS' EVENING SHOES. LADIES' GAITERS in Black, Navy, Fawn, and Brown, 1/11. Equal to any sold at 2/11. Any Colour sent post free, 1/11. Guaranteed te PR. Seed Size of Boot. UNDER THE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE...STREET, WARRINGTON.

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE. Thais OF PURE HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS 1, per oz. i IMMOVABLE it from MADE UP, Es. SCALPETTES, Els. REALES BROWN, 3, LEECH- THEW, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. A LADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will 21. be pleased to forward full particulars (on rsotlipt of a stamped directed em-elope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities, no matter ow caused or how eng .standing„ This Remedy causes No Pain. Nausea, or Prostratton whatever. MADAME DOUGLAS. 127 Gaisford Street. London, N.W. A Poidtive Cure Guaranteed. Hours, 9 to 9 p.m., on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS and SATI7RDAYS, or by appointment.

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARWSLLOUS FEMALE RIIMEDII. Mr. COLLINS s(viiao was 30 veare a mernteir of the Royal College of Surgeons of ngland) will forward, free of Charge.rfull PARTICULARS of a RIIMIODY, which during an extensive practice, both at borne and In the Colonies, he lies never known to fail in the most OBSTINATH <OASES of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send addressed envelope for full particulars, anthwaste no more time and money on useless Pills and emealled Remedies, &c.' which, in the majoritT of .eares, are nothing hut PUR- GATIVES, and cause BICKNIISS. PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without baying the desired •erect. Letters to be addressed D. COLLINS, Gothic lloxset 9. Erskine Etteq„ Liverpool

IL ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Vouldlng In, Obis Provineesi Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCAED FRAME MAXIM HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on flO orders and above.

W. HODGKINSON, 46 AND 48, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. z' . SPRING' FASHIONS: • ON TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY NEXT, MARCH 26Ta AND 27TH AND.FOLLOIYING DAYS WE SHALL MAKE OVR SPECIAL SHOW OF NOVELTIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. SPRING FASHIONS. , W. HODUKINSON, . 46 AND 48, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

- SPRING SHOW OF MANTLES, JACKETS, CAPES, COSTUMES. AND DRESS MATERIALS, ON WEDNESDAY NEIT, APRIL 3RD. AND FOLLOWING DAYS. EVANS' 175 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

t AWN MOWER REPAIRS. .1...4 This is the most opportune season for repairs to be made, so that all who have mowers needing repair should send them tither through their ironmonger or seedeman, or direct to THOS. GREEN & FON, LIMITED, LEEDS, or SURREY WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, SE. P.S.—We repair all kinds of machines, for both:the trade and others. ALL SIZES KEPT IN STOCK and supplied carriage paid at liberal cash discount by their Agent. GARLAND, IRONMONGER. BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. Machines re-ground and repaired on the premises.

WINNERS OF THE ADVERTISEMENT COM- PETITION. lso. PRIZE V. Mr. WOOD, 40 GE3RGE-ST., WEST STOCKPORT. 2NDPRIZBRI each/ Mr.POLLITT,VENruee-Ens.BOLTON. v. zat.Sragitunn. LUTEATON-ST., BURY. 3RD PRIZE £l, Mr. BIRT WELL, 53 Warz.EFIELD-BT., BRADFORD. 4ra PRIZE Ll for the most suggestions, Mr. CARTER, 40 NETI3OII-BT.. BURY. Cheques for the above amounts have been sent to the Winners by J. MEADOWOROPT t CO., Stanley Mills, Bury.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK BeTIMATBD FOR.

DAY, SON. AND HE WITT'S " ORIGINAL' AND CELBRATED LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores. Wounds, and bwollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism, Price 2s. 6cl 3s. 6d., and 74. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, Re Water, and Yellows, For Chills. Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk Fever and Quarter 11l (Price 34.6 d. per dozen ,Bwes),l3s, per dozen (Cows), THE GASEOUS FLUID Cures Prostrated Cows and Ewes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown, Cures Scour or Diarrhoea, and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appetite, Price is. 9d. per bottle, 20s. per d.zen. THE GASEODYNE, Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrheas and Influenzi. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving, For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorders, Price 31, 6d. per bottle, SPECIAL CALVING AND LAMBING CHESTS, with "Key to Farriery," complete £3 3s, and £1 10s. Car- riage Paid. Pamphlet on Rearing of Calves and" Lambing and Calving Disorders," gratis and post free. -- ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

OR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but mayarrang lee TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient for enforemr reqbuelfroeuhand the s TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless ExtractioiNtseh(lotxhiedreto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentist' of 10,000 gallons weekly. Ewe, of the lite J. H. P ARKINSON (DENTIST BY ExAm.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NIT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, ,EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MBEs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SAMMY-ST. • RUNCORN, On THURSDAYS, MUMS-sr. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMAIULItt-SiT.

IVORTHAMPTON MEETING. MR. E. DOUGLAS can _LI supply tbe next reliable information Spencer Plate and Northamptonshire Stakes certain, previous successcs are sufficient guarantee.—Send 2s. 6d. 19/,, 111,17 GS CROSS-ROAD, , London.

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. THE TURF REGISTER, Published twice daily. Will be forwarded post free on receipt of address, SPECIAL ARRANGEMNNTS FOR S.P. ON ALL RACES.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING, FLUSHING. HOLLAND. Price lisUpublished twice daily durin:, the season, contain- ing latest market movements on all important events, for- warded free on receipt of post card containing address.— GRAND NATIONAL. DEBBY, Ac., THE OLDEST ESTAB- LISHED FIRM IN THE WORLD.

(NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. BOYLE'S 1 Burning the New Smokeless Fnel. I See the latest before you purchase. I IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas Irons STOVES..( entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 5s 1 Thousands selling. Supplied on appt oval. SHOWROOMS, 41, DEANSGA.TE (opposite train office) PATENTS. I DALHAM ENGINEERING WORKS, - I Great Bridgewater-street. Oxford-street. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER in the latest style. , ORE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM, SILVER'S ECZEMA. WOUNDS, ULCERS. L BAD LEGS, SPRAINS, BRONCHITIS, SORE THROAT. (Caoynom. England.) NEURALGIA, An. Bormrs, Std., Is. and 2s. Free from pain in 5 minutes. Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. Sole Agent 7, H. WESTON, CHEMI/37. RUNCORN,

TOO—FORFEITE D PLEDGES—For Sale, 1. CHEAP, and by some of the best makers in England. ENORMOUS STOCK. Joiners'. Ship Carnenters',Engineers', Painters', Plumbers', Gasfitters', Plasterers', Shoemak rs'. Butchers', and Mechanics Tools of all sorts. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 130, BROWNLOW-HILL. • LIVERPOOL.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Canister 6d., 10d., Atli Is. 6d. each. Wholesale by J. GRIMES AND SON, WARRINGTON.

R. ISHERWOOD, HOUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT. 57, TANNERS'-LANE. WARRINGTON, • Establinhed 1873. Rents and Debts collected. • Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Lis.bil:ty, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. owest Current Rates. Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

JON. I3LUNDELL & SON. PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

1 .ASTHMA! ASTIMA ! .ASTHMA! THE LEWIS REMEDIES, 28, BUDGE-ROW, CANNON-ST. LONDON, B.C. Wonderful Cures Effected. Send at once for Testimonials. Preps Opinions, &C. THE LEWIS POCKET NASAL INN LHttae., by post 25.10. THE LEWIS ASTHMA AND HAYFEVER POW- DER. per tin 3s. 61 ,by poet Ss. 9d. THE LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR ls ,by post Is. 10. THE LEWIS ASTI/31A EXTERMINATOR, for Cbroni • Cases. 7s. , complete. •4 GELASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in the Head, Is. per bottle. poet Is 10

HOOPING COUGH -- -- I..,elebrafedetreeturei HOOPING COUGH cure without i;---"tt-7—n a 1 HOOFING COUGH medicine HOOFING COUGH ufall Chtrniatj Prie" 4s. per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS sAle Agents : W. EnwAgns AND tOlf. 157, Queen Vlotorla ttreet, London. CROUP

„ WORTH KNOWIN(I.—WOOPRND'S FAMOUS ,s OILS. is a boon to sufferers and bets like magic in all 04;0 of RrIEUMATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, and ST' v, JOINTS. Priee Is. 4d. per bottle, carriage paid.—J.Woonfri chemist. 22. Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. 111413 OFFro High-st., Newton Pos TMABT" 2 ." Mr.huides Jordan Att,:urs °f I Week-days, lam, to 9 p.m. The Tel l Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m i"'egeaPh Office is open on Week-day front 7-30 a.m. ti Pan., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. 1.4 eY Order and Sayings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p,m. Iteet 74 POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-16 6 Lralm..andBpm. LIVERY commences at 7 a.m.„12-30, and 3-30 p.m

A.shton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk. Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland. (Day Mail Birmingham. Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North' Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (I)ay Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.lleiens, Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Alakerfield,Earlestown, Colborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts-,General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DKSPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

OBACCONISTS commencing, Guidl (259 pages) 3d.—TonsccomsTs' Co., 186, Euston-road. London. Shop-fitters for ad trades.— Manager, HY. MYERS, Est. 1866;

JBET OFF CLOTHES bought, Dept price tor par Cele ./for- warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAmas GOR- MAN. New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326,328, and 346, Deanegate. Manchester. ORTGAGE SECURITIES WANTED at once, in any lvi district for £24,000. at 3* per cent: Quick com- pletions and low legal charges.—DEßßEßT GARNER, 61, Lord- street, Liverpool.

HARDWARE. FURNITURE, BASSINETTES, CYCLES, WRINGERS, PIPES, WATCHES, JEWELLERY. AGENTS WANTED. Buyer's Guide free, write HENDY MAT,Birmingham.

B- RADBURY CO., LTD., Eeeing Machine Makers, 33, Winwick-at., Warrington, require a good canvasser ; salary and Commission.—Apply to MANAGER, any morning between nine and ten o'clock.

WANT& D,—To purchase or exchange Household FURNI TUBE of every de,.cription. in large or small quanti- ties ; sewing and wringing machines. Beat prices given- Prompt cash.—Apply Joaxs, furniture dealer, Market-st.. Hariestowa.

SBCOND-HAND DIMS SUITS, Military, Thestrlcal,Band Uniforms and Liveries for sale or hire.—JAMFA GOR- MAN. New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 328. 328, and 348, Deansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third coat price. f

‘VANTBD steady man as THAIIISMAN, must be a good Ploughman, and also have a practical knowledge of Farm work in general. House and garden close by.—Applv JAMES WARBURTON. : outh-lane Farm, Bold, Widnes.

BANK STREET, OFFICES, £5 a room. pENKETH, COTTAGES, Is, 84. per week. W HOUSE, reducedEOD to 6s. Good LODGING UNION STREET, O MALT, WORKS in centre of town. Apply, ROBERT Lows. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 65.

_ LA NWDa Warrington gtßon (Loßp tTehie3 abnels, tpsairtitti)at;rodr stth. cei a soesn dwell- lug-houses, re o street made, ground rent low. rrio LET. LABURNAM VILLAS, aud Hawthorn Villas 1 Folly-lane and land adjourning for good cottages, H. GUSH, Frances-terrace, Lovely-lane. FARI M,.Buildings, Land anal Cottage (if required), Folly- VILLA, Crosfield-street. opposite Bank Park. 110 USE. Guardian-street. apply, 23 FOLLY LANE, Warrington. •

OUNG MAN wants to share his rooms, centre of War- rington.—Address Box 21, Earminer Office, Warrington. • IIOUSBS Bki Lila. fronting Latchfurd locks; bay 1 wind° vs, lobbiei through and cheap rents.—S. J. SuaxEsHarr, Grappenhall.

1 ESIDENCE.—To be LET. very desirable Residence (five "1 entertaining rooms. ga•den and st ible) at Latchford.— Apply WILLIAM OWEN, architect, Warrington. rllO BE LET, good House, Whitefield-road, Stockton Heath .1 all modern conveniences ; rent £2B per annum Apply RDwirt Basnsnew, cha,tred accountant, Market- s reet. Warrington. TIOMES, EAGLE VOUNT and STAFFORD TERRACE, composed of four bedrooms, tws• sitting•roems,kitchen celtar. and other conveniences ; rent £l4. Also Sunnyside stoekton Heath. every convenience, including bathroom etc. ; pleasant aspect; rent £l9 10s. ; also good corner shop, Albert Terrace, Stockton He ,th. with every accommodation r rent £l9. Apply Bosvocx. Wilderspool, Warrington.

RESIDENCE.—TO BE LET, OR SOLD, desirable family Residence, The Heights. Golborne. near Newton-le- Willows, with three-stalled stable., loosebox. Oa ocoachhouses. trness-room, garden well stocked with fruit trees; conserva- tory, fernery, vineries. peach house, plant house, boiler house, laundry, yards, &c,; the howe is substantially built and pleasantly situated about miles from Newton-le- Willows Station and 15 minutes' walk from Golborne and Lowton Stations respectively ; contains large entrance hall, (lining, dtawing, breakfast, morning and billiard-rooms, 12 bedrooms, and two dressing-rooms, with bath-room, and lavatories, k tchens, baths, pantry, front and back cel'ars , also excellent swimming bath with all necessary fittings appliances.—Apply to W. H. ARNOTT. Lime HOUlle, Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows.

AIISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., PROFESSOR Lv_k_ OF SW:11RO AND VOICR PRODUCTION on the best English and Italian methods.—Terms,lo. BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON.

T ADIRS' BOARDING SCHOOL, BROOKLYN, A Greenbank Drive, Sefton Park, Liverpool, Resident French Governess. Proles ors. Wed(ly 13uarders from 26 Sc. Prospectus.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Head Master—Mr. j. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., VERY SUCuEsPUL sCHOoL. RECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and comprehensive. Recently Removed to larger Premises in Pilkington-road (near St. Luke's Statton). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (inclusive) for a few Boarders. Prospectus. &c., on application to Head Master. NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, January 15.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEB £4 4s. PER TERM. THE NEXT TERM BhGINS WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17Tit, Entrance Examination the same day at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, Forms c,f Applicstiou, &c., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX. RECEIVER. N B.—There is a Boarding House under the sanction o Governors.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN on THURSDAY. MAY bin. Preparatory Form for boys under twelve years of age. Fee, £2 per term. For further particulars apply to the llxen MASTER. THE KING'S SCHOOL, CHESTER. Founded 1541. 'TWELVE KING'S SCHOLARSHIPS providing exemp- tion from tuition fees. Four valuable Exhibitions (£6O) to the Universities. Boarding fee from £35 ta £44 per annum, according to age. Day fees £B, £l2, £l6 per annum. Full prospectus from the Rev. the HEAD MASTER. NEXT TERM BEGINS MAY 2xn.

GEORGS PAWNBROKEB, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, ND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. I CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

rfillE following articles of JEWEL- ' LERY were forfeited this week. Payments taken. Ladies very neat Gold WATCH. plats movement and jewelled in S. 4 pair extra. A bargain for

ir ARIES' Gem RING, set with 3 .1.1 opals and two diamonds of Payments taken. very fine lustre and brilliancy, in neat 15 carat setting. A splendid 21s. offer for

ATERY Handsome China CENTRE- V PIECE of two Figures, very Payments taken. , rich design and prettily guilded, our price, including shades and 12s. D. stands only Don't miss this.

UORFEITED pair c f Antique Bronze JUGS. eery richly Payments taken. chased, and standing quite 18in high, an opportunity not to be missed, for S. D.

wE have a large stock of Flock Beds for sale, prices ranging 6s. 11d. to 17s. 6., Flocks are war- ranted clean and free from dust. Payments taken. All wool flocks in bags of 5Clb. each from 4s. 11d. to 10s. 6d. ; Bedticks from Is. 4th to 10s. 6d. ; Mattresses, large size, 5s lld, a pair.

VIOLIN, Bow and Case corn- V plete. Just out this week, the above in splendid condition, Payments taken. very fine tone, this is an instru- ment that is honestly worth £5 to anyone that is desirous of a good second hand instrument. Price only S.

HE LATEST PUZZLE " The Twa Dogs," sample post I free for 3 stamps. Agents Wanted —Address HARRIS, WiLoox, and Co., hrdington, Birmingham.

BRITISH ARMY BLANKETS, 2e. each. Sft. long, 6ft. wide ; all wool r 20a. per doz. Sample poet free. 2e. 6d. from 11. L GASFON, Government Contractor, Rye.

ADT'S STAR BROOCH, Solid Silver, In case, set with 13 Li finest imitation diamonds. looks worth £3O, accept 10s. Approval tree.—Miss Annrr, 6, George-street, Richmond, Surrey.

OTICIC —Great Clearance SALE of Musk Paraffin. Dry .11 Soaps. 13s. 6d per cwt. Carriage paid. Retiring from bubiness ; rare chance; cwts. sent.—McNivanT, Fleetwood.

OHSINE, new white Cream for polishing all kinds of Metal. or free sample anybody may s-nd stamped addre:sed knvelo.e to LOIISINE DEPOT, 7 Bullring, Birming- ham. Agents Wanted.

ANUFACTUREES REMNANTS in Stuffs, Cashmeres, 1 Prints, Calicoes, Serges, Flannelettes, Velvets, Shirt- legs, &c. ; 101 b. bundles, ,reap. Price list free.—W. CLARK- SON. Merchant, Swaine-et., Biadford.

ITIDE SALT—an excelltnt fertilizer for all kinds of grass and arable lands : price 13s. per ton (nett), iu bags ; free on tails ; cash with order. A trial solicitest—Apply THE BIRKENHEAD SALT Co., Birkenhead.

pILICS I PILES! All outward Piles cured in two or three days willi BODDY El PATENT OINTMENT ; Testimonials Irons all parts; only one trial solleite I.—Apply W. BODDY, Bradford, Yorks Boxes by post is. 1./d.

KEEP FROM DAMP.—I HAVE ome extra-strong white WATERPROOF SHEETS, 6ft. by 31t. 2s. 6,1. 61t by 6tt. 55., carriage paid; cent four times the money.—From B ENRY 3. GASsoN. Government ContractOr, Bye. '

riIANNED NETTING for vreserving fruit trees, flower I beds, &c., from frost and blight, 35 square yards for Is, Sent any width on approval. C trrlage paid on all orders over 58.—H. J. GASSON, fih merchant. Rye, oussex. PH OTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free) of Amateur-Pbotographers' Requisities ; new and second-hand ; cheapest house in the trade ; goods bought and excIianged.—PHOTOORAPHIO DEPOT, 71, Oxfard-street, Mi.nchester (All Saints).

• FOUND, a way to make On round go as far as Three. The moat NY onderful stock of Gentle', en's and Boys' Cloth- ing ln Liverpool. Gent's Dress suits on I ire, 3s. to 58. per clay.—ELwoon, 164, London-road. Liverpool. TORN LOWB. Fire and Thlef-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON tr SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —U. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

BILLIARDS BAISGTRLLII I—The cheapest house for Willard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisite is HENN its BROS., LTD., 29, High-st., London, W.C. Send for new Price List, cloth and cushion samples, post free. Estab- lished 1b62.

fiIHE LATEST MUSIOAL NOVELTY ever invented. How 1 to play on Plane or Organ to Songs or Dances in any Key without Musical Knowledge. Send 4 stamps for' The Don 'Vamping Tutor." D. Sucuarra, Hick-street, Birming- ham.

1 DTBsiltSsUrToSm. 2. ; ejocaeti is e21168.M11r S ilitetws ci!Pleiirti • from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's misfits and Second-hand IClothing of every description always in stock.—Ht.woon 164, London-road, Liverpool.

XTRWTON-Lli-WILLOwS. To be SOLD " SUNNYSIDII/ .11 semi-detached VILLA. Crow-lane, 7 minutei from Barlestown Station; 5 Bedrooms, 2 lintertaining Rooms, Kitchen. Scullery, outside Washhouse. and Oarden.—Apply EDWIN BRADSHAW, Chartered Accountant, Market-street, Warrington.

C.:I.JUN and VORBUTIC DISEASES such as ECZEMA, 0 SCURF, SYCOSIS (Barber's Itch). PIMPLES and other eruptions cured by "ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."— Has cured cases of long standing after medical n-en have failed. Per Box 90. By Post Is. From E. ENGLAND, Lis- card, Liverpool.

T OOK I LOOK It LOOK nt GREATEST BARGAINS ON RA WTH.-10.000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes I Pur- chased from the Government. Cost 7s. 61. each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free, quite new, but put Out of service. —HENRY JORN GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

ROSES, &c.—Good strong young trees, named varieties. from 45. 6d. to Be. per dozen; Carnations, choice varieties, hardy garden plants In great variety. strong privet for hedges, 65. 100; forest trees, Rhododeodrons. e. ; decora- tive plants, &c., cut flowers &c., at wholesale prices. Cattlogue of GEORGE ANDREWS. Padgate Nurseties,Warring- ton ; five minutes from Cemetery.

BELFORD'S "TURPINA."—If you suffer from RHEUMATISM, GOUT, LUMBAGO, ASTHMA, SWOLLEN LIMBS, or any similar ailments, send for a bottle of my' Turpina," it will speedily and radically cure you Instant relief after first application. Splendid testi- monials In bottles at Is. 10.. 28.9 d.. and 4s. 64. each, or post fr.-e 3d. extra, in P. 0.0. or stamps.—JAMES BEL- FORD, 149, CLEVELAND-ST., LONDON, W.

TTILLICD by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said 11 by Farmers and others to be the best ever Introduced, as they find the rats dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers and others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be spe-dily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLH POISON. Price of either of above. is. 2d.. Is 6d.,25. 6d..55.. post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS.—TCESDLY and FRIDAY, APRIY 4TH and srif at the MART, 37, CORPORATION-ST.: MANCHESTER, at 11 each day. MR. • WILLIAM ELLIS WILL SELL BY AUCTION upwards of 1,000 pairs of NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS and other LACE GOODS. View morn- ings of Sale. Catalogues ready.

Telephone 3 No. 45. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, } Warrington . AUCTION Rooms—No.l Dank Street AGENT TO—Sun Tire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlnstirance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS COWBELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND )SCOTLAND-ROAD CHAMBERS, SALEnoon 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENT'S INVITED.

D• OG OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and retail —HAIL. 53. Paradise-street. Liverpool.

ON SALE. —A Handsome RED-ROAN PONY, about 14 hands, has a good action, also is a good worker and quiet, age 8 years ; also a Bread Tan and Harness .—Apply 125, Mersey-street, Warrington.

VESICO-SUDORIFIC.—The most famous and humane V Blister for Horses in the world ;no blemish ;no tying the heads, no rest nenled ; hundreds of unsolicited testimon- ials post free ; price 2s. 6d. or 55., og Chemists, or post free. —GREGOEY, Veterinarian. Bristol.

LORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly Li CUABD BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, B. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Oondy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbe off. Prices, or. Is. 20 oz.. 2s. of all Chemists. NTEITERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Dogs, &c. from CONDY'S FLUID WORKB, 61. Turnmill-street, London.B C.

-- WADELEY CYCLES are up to date, well known as thorough reliable mounts, price with Dunlop Welch Tyree and gear ease £lO. Lists Free. WADE & Co.. Smyth, wt. k, Birmingham. RANELAGH CYCLES are of the Highest Qu ,lity at Lowest Prices; good Agents wanted in every town and village where not represented; new lists now ready.— RAMBLA OH CYCLE Co., Leamington and Coventry.

CTCLl3S.—Befo^e purchasing call and inspect my stock, cheapest ever offered, prices to suit all pockets ; Solids, from 255.; Cdshions, from Ida.; and Pneumatics, from £4 10s. ; exceptional bargains; sole agent for the celebrated Bothwell Cycles, ahead of all for speed, lightness, strength. and durability; popular prices ' • all kinds of machines exchanged.--FARTINOTON, Ward's Buildings, 47. Deansgate, Manchester, and 114, Bold-street, opposite Savings Bank, Liverpoel. FREE! FREE! Post Free to any Address SAFETIES SAFETIES I SAFETIES; Important to Agents,Dealers and others. Wholesale List ollitaining 1000 (One Thousand) Machines, new and second hand, sent Post Free to any address. 5 per cent. cheaper than ,ther makers or agents. Why pay more or fancy prices Single machine at wholesale price. Write at once for the largest and most complete list in the cycle trade. Sterling va tie and no large profits. W R. WARRILOW, Cycle Works, Regent- street,, Weston-super-Mare. HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given tree. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Vietorias, Wagonettes. and Phwtons. now for Sale or Hire.

fitarinnern, Bzr.., on Oalt. PUNCHING. SHEARING MACHINES. large quantity, all sizes ; Flying-out Presses.—Orrrys, Midland Works, Travis-street, Manchester.

IN STOCK Hydraulic Presses, Rama from 4 to 14 inches, Pumps Hand or Power, Engines, Hoisting Machinery, Shafting, Pulleys, Plummer Blocks, etc.—W/1,1,1am KNOTT, Fairfie.d street, Manchester.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineerigg Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appll- eation.—Telephone 229.

IeAT T OPPIOO MA.NOWESTER, BSTABLISHED IN 1535. illesers. GEORGE DAVIES lc SON have ha 4 more than 40 year personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical k nowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron mannfactisres. "Self-he:p to the New Patent Law," price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, D.E., A SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT A'sBESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING. BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS. BELL'S ASBESTOS PA* KINGS, SHERTINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS. AND ABI3STOLINE, Can only be obtained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the r+ °Ahern Counties, P. R. P U T z, 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CURPHEY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresaes " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos;' Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED 13Y UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS. EIMTOL. Have In Stock ready for Immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest Improvements. Full particulars on application.

CORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED .1 ANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse. Excrement from Pall Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, Brc, Delivered in hogs, carriage paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early n the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. sr to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrincham, Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester. Mr. J. H. NEWToN. West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BAKER, Alpraham, Tarporley, Cheshire.

itEVERSIONS.—£I2,OOO to adrenal on Mortgage of Reversions and Interest under Wills at reasonable rates of interest or will purchase for eash.—RERBERT GARNER, 61, Lord-street, Liverpool.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 28, Haydock-st., Earlestown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

/it) FEES UNLESS CASH 10 All VANUY,D. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards OD BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now beinglent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. " ESTABLISHED 1870.

rp IRE ECONOMIC BANK (LD.) 574. OLD BROAD STREET, LONDON, B.C. Accounts opened with hums of £1 and upwards. 2i PER CENT. interest allowed on deposits from date of cb.posit, repayable en demand. 2 PER CENT. on minimum quarterly balance of current accounts, Cheques can be drawn for sums under El. All funds invested in first-class sealisable securities. No loans, discounts, or overdrafts NO charge for keeping accounts. Particulars free, Semura. GIirRNEY MASSEY, Managing Trustee.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mil. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. siONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry„ on your simple written prcraise to pay back.—Apply et VW- TORIA CHAMBERS kfoot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134. Orford-lane, any Evening from St's 7. Applications from RUNCORN ano District generally receive precisely the same attention. A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large Uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO TO £l,OOO, To Responsible Persons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO RE-PAY. Without Soreties, Delay, Law Costs, Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life Policies, &c. et 5 per cent. Repayments by Easy Instalments. Capita‘ can remain at Interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, And not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS REQUESTED NOT TO APPLY. Full particulars from— J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., Manchester Chambers, 46A, Market Street. MANCHESTER

T ADIRS AND GENTLBMIIN SUCCESSFULLY INTRO- LA Private and genuine.—Address in confid- ence, six stamps, MADAME DE Asmis, 121, Great Jackson-st., Manchester.

fotels.

r LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST LA PARADB, henithiest part. centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Weisis Ales. Winter week end, terms 155.—8. BAKER, Proprietor.

Los Doti . WILD'S TEMPERANCE NOTEL , 34T0 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL POE BUSINESS 01 PLEASITEB.

Vublfrationo.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free, Full of valuable information. ' Address GEORGE Evan and Co,. Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st., London, B.C.

IMPORTANT NOTICE.—WANTED every man to see the Mirror, an illustrated guide of 64 pages. Free ky post. Any address in envelope.—Write H. HOWELL. Secretary, 4, Fitzallan-square, Sheffield.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious preseriptlons and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your digestive organs. write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cdre tor lost strength, wasting weakness, atc., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC ITT. Sent In envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGII. 92-93. Great Russell-street, London. W.C.

OlusSiral fOtrtinunts. iIAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN, new; fine rich tone V splendid pitch pine case.—ALFX. YOUNG and 80118 organ builders, h'ldon-streer, Manchester.

QAIIIII. SONS. AND COMPANY.—PIANO and kJ ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STREET, MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE GREAT MAKERs. KIRKMAN ERNST RAPS. COLLARD GOBS & KALLMANN BROADW 00D IBACH HOPKINSON BEOHSTEIN, G. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 year's 'system. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. monthly, ORGANS from ss. monthly, till paid for. Delivered tree in Warringt, and Di triet on payment of &rot months hire, Nat. Tel.

EASII A W. PIANOS. RENSHAW, PIA RENSHAW. Picc tdilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANCIIES •• PEOPLE'S MODEL," seven octaves, tull trichord, check action, panel trout, Iron frame, In veneered cases, £22 cash, or may be obtained by easy pa/menta of 120. 6d. monthly. Deliver( d free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 10s. 6d. monthly, by all the leading makers. All instruments sold by RENSHAW are fully war- rante I. 83. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repaired or taken In exchange. AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely finished mirror cases, from Sc. 6d. monthly till pall for. RENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give adv.antEures to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. RENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not wart both money and instrument. RhNSHAW supplies dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT RENSHAW'S, 83, PIuCAD ILLY, MANCHES- TER, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. RENSHAW. PIANOS. RENSHAW.

PIANO SALE aT J. PARRY'S, 20. DOWNING-ST., MID- WICK, MANCHESThIt. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Pull-compass Semi-grand, by Broad wood £2 15 Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano, by Stoddart 3 13 Pull-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Schumann 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard & Collard 11 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Brosdwood& Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ, 9 sets, 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 15 Piano & Organ combined, a grand instrument, cost £lOO 20 0 Plano Orchestriou, self-acting, with music. cost £35 l5 0 Several Organs by Bell, Storey and Clark, Briogeport and Thomas, from £2 15s. upwards.

ILLIAM SHAW, "EXAMINER OFFICE." WATERLOO BUILDINGS, TOP LOCKS, RUNCORN. MUSICAL INSTRUMEKT DEALER, STATIONER AND TOBACCONIST. AGENT FOR RUSH WORTH'S LIVERPOOL, AND CAMPBELL'S, GLASGOW. SPECIAL ACCORDRONS, ORGANETTICS, MOUTH ORGANS, ETC. All the Best Quality Instruments at Lowest Prices. Repairs of Every Description. Pianos on the Easy Payment System.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS. prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all who suffer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, LOSS OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, &C. DR. ScoTrs PILLS, RS a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE IRIWO no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach. They give a healthy tone and vigour to the different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at band by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under their charge as by paying attention to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Tne Genuine are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the prom ietor, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamps.

FLEMING, REID AND CO., THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK. WILL SHORTLY OPEN A BRANCH OF THE SCOTCH -WOOL & HOSIERY STORES AT 37 BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. For the Salo of their CELEBRATED KNITTING WOOLS. KNITTED HOSIERY, AND SBAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. Direct from THE GREENOCK MILLS. OVER 70 BRANCHES throughout England and Scotland.

DURING LENT, TO COMMEMORATE THE OPENING OF THEIR NEW. CAFE, 32, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, KIRTLANDBRO S., Purveyors to the Queen by Royal Appointment, Have decided to use the FAMOUS GOLDEN TiP TEA. THIS TEA HAS BEEN SOLD AS HIGH AS £lO PER LB. And notwithstanding that the cost will be very great Messrs.. Robert Roberts and Co , Tea Mer- chants, Bold-street, Liverpool, have been instructed to procure the Finest Teas in the market regardless of expense.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1895.

ESTABLISHED 1851 BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, Losid.., TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST nAlOv•ed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. OH minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £IC:. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and SAVING'S DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £ BIRKBECR BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS It A-VENSCROFT, Manager

THE GREAT REMEDY. la A I alit GOUT PILLS FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAR The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at Is. lid. and 2s. 9d per box.

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEB. ADVICE TO LADIES (FREE). ALADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many vettrA attached to a Female H ,spital, is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUANANTEE the DESIRED liksULT in a few hours, no matter how long stabding the Dint CLARITY may be, and even when everything else has tailed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 295, STRAND, W.C.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for 11.- Females, quickly correct all irregulariVes, remove all obstructions. and relieve the di st Tess i tag sy rn ptons, so preva- lent with the tic. Boxes Is. 10. and 2s, 9d. of all chemist sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 earn'. s by the molter, lt T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham.

• CONCREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR. The Grand Old Remedy for Chest Diseases. (IN USE FROM THE YEAR 026.) This splendid medicine should be in every household. On the appearance of the First Symptoms Of a Cold a good dose of the BALSAMIC ELIXIR will, in ninetee* out of twenty cases, carry it off before it becomes settled or merges into Influenza. At the first SUSPICION OF IN- FLUENZA take it,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear • also take it for the SUBSEQUENT WEAKNESS of the LUNGS, and other direful effects of this alarming disease. Rev. F. E. HZAPE, of Derby, in a recent letter to Mr. Congreve, says: "Year medians always juts my luskes !Pipit, and drove ert the terrible INFLUENZA last May." • IN CASES OF Coughs, Recent or Chronic, and Bronchial Affections. Persevere with this medicine, and you can hardly fail to get the Cough relieved, and the bronchial symptoms to disappear. In that very distressing disease, so terrible, especially to the sand, ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— O NGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief. The reader is referred to the case of LADY G. BROMLEY (No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's book). Also note that this medicine should be kept in the house by all MINISTERS and PUBLIC SPEAKERS. For HOARSENESS it Vinvaluable, and Splendid for the Voice, and KS a PREVENTATIVE OF COLD IO speakers going out in all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of sugar in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors In bottles at is. 134c1., as. gd., 4S. 6d., and family bottles at xis. and 221.

POLISHING—A PLEASURE i WILL NOT . , STEPHENSON' FINGER , ,;t MARK. # FURNITURE W ' I CREAM. ~., :.:4,-, .... .7 ' . —s,Niiiidir i ,- ~........:::. ._..._............._ 1111'1 ' ' - -.::-.:-/ Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and Ironmongers. Sole Proprietors, rrEpHENsoN [mos., BRADFORD.

rllO WEAK MEN suffering from the effects of L. Youthful Errors. Early Decay', Wasting Weaknes4, Lost Manhood, Gravel Pains in the Back, Diseases, &c. We will send a valuable Treatise (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free of charge. A splendid Medical Work, shcald be read by every man who is nervous and debditated. —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall, Sheffield. Established 1830. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR is 4s. 6d. the case. Can be obtained direct.

MDR GOLD VIDAL El KAIIIIIOI it...) KNITTER t KNlTSBtNikingeribbedsrplain GLOVES and CLOTHING In WOOL, SILL et COTTON. INSTRUO, TIONB FREE. Luta tree per poet. _ . TRIUMPHANT AWARD at PARIS. The onlp WINNER la the WORLD of 7 GOLD MEDALS and 19 other Honour.. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINE Co. Ltd. Work.; 48, Upper Brook St.. Koadaester.

FAT NESS , FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. iv• Nit Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE PILLS are a , safe and pleasant cure ; sent free from observation means dut or el PO. On. for c v 6,. A . fat and Improving the complexion. "—B, 'CAMERON, 33. Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street Loudon.

O NE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and external), Price 45. 6d, Single Bottles of Mattis 25. 9d. Only of HOPS, Operative Chemist, (late [ Nt.thse 71) W, Dranevatn, Mancheeter. kivhe free,

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstructions no matter how caused or long standing, no nau eon: pills, powders. mixtures or any other useless stornsen medicine to take. Failure impossible under this tieatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free ca charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 9,,mtbampicn Buildings, Holborn. London.

DR. MACKAY'S MARVELLOUS FEIMALE Y REMED rOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULAR'. Tilss stand: unrivAlled. The most stubborn and hope. less cases yield to this extra -Unary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughout th viJrld. Thousands of sufferers cured. Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, for 5.. 6d, DR. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators:

IT ADA ME FBAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE I MIXTURE. The most powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price 7s eid (6trongest its bottle). Post free bd extra. ER BAL I NSTITUTE, la, HACKNEY-ROAD, ('acing Shoreditch Church), I ONDON, N.B. Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial that ix not genuiue. nil they can be seen at any time.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHESTI WITH a prudent use, has saved many a lire; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted botbles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. Coe K E, s FREE FROM MERCURY. ANT/BILI OUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGEF--rln Szc.

r. . •IFoR RHEUMATISM. LUMBACO-STIFFNEss• • '1 4 •\ \\ A'' - -7-----2-:, ''' '4 / ••• ;// /V . • AN .411%,‘ #_., \ \. • EX CE LLE 1\11i(/' ' -4' ~14 'id ump,Nrs • , • 4 ...v/ -, , ifst ilir 1 L 0 , Coo D TH IN c . / 4 ~, ~ ...., • . • • , ..- ~.:., _.,,,y) ~ • r ,1 / , - ...4......:„...-; -,... t, ~ , ~ ' • 7 , - I Apr'`ii - ..''•-,--- //-€. ~• II s, -e •••-.4--,y.y :.„‘„- f V -yA: 4,,,. ~,„,!„,,,, • P;,• - /,/ , ' let-i:*i4 -i ' /(S ' (1./ ~ •---1.- ",ci -. /7 71 : • ' -', ~,c,,,,,i, - ~,,;•;,,,,,,, ~-.7.,__:,,,: 5•.,,,, „ A!' f; •- to 47;"-:, ' /;.‘); 'l'', • 2 ASV".4::7:-.1/4-:':::-4•"'g ': ----'• '. - '.lO. •.% . _,T.7:'-'..' ..,/:: -A 4 , ~ 4,..--,•_-----we--„ ..„1. / _Q',_-.,.(,: eft '-- -.. . ... _. 't / 1-filflig •' <- ir--_-'.'"''_'W .. , ost ..-E/-__/- ..‘ _-___:.:- -=.-.....*..., _ .:f„,... ---4,- -• 1 , -: --.•,/•1. 2 irvi= ' • - ...._ , ,----v._ 3,. .. ._ .---.--- - V --4.. .1 / • 74_5,, ~ ... 1-i- ~,, „ , ...., ,e •1?- .-- ) . • - ..-'. /-7 - / "'" ''.,l/4k°.....,,i• . • . .. . s-'-iar--_ .., --,jl-...,. • -V--- " SIOXYGV.. • - •:. - \lij, .---... 1 - _ _...,--,-.„,.., __._,_ .7r-,, ~,,,. ik ''' ENGLAND . ' • -, _ . . rLLum AN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION.V

The -.John Noble Half-Guinea COSTUMES. v. NEW REGISTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers in the World. at less than Half Ordinary Prices. These Costumes are made in The John Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, se'''. • lITI.f,' Brown, Myrtle, Ruby, Reseda, Tan, Grey, or Drab- they are supplied complete for the ridiculous price of 1.101/413 each, pecked in leather board box, and .." • ''''B,..." ' sent carriage paid for gd. extra, and in the making of them there are Over SOO Workers Employed. _ . , The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the .ii • . , world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a ziir,\. '4/ , complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. . ..-. Bach garment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly ,t, 1 I shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into a pointed saddle that terminates In two points at the front; full fashionable sleeves, bound seams, and belt, and the bodice can be worn inside or outside the ' 1, skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of the skirt, . 1 and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row of fine silk cord, the whole thus forming `6.91(411 • i 1 ' A LADY'S COMPLETE' 0/6 L, . • 4. 4,4‘ 4 COSTUME FOR 1 . ~,,„ li;:' , • . 9144 ' The Present Design excels all previous ones in v.-w 3, ' ' / respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the ma,: and 4, ' finish beyond all criticism, thus adding in a triple degree to the already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An I. / enormous 1111001311 s, and are known in every part of the civilised j- world. I I • \ `, world. hach Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for gd. I ' • i \s4\ extra. The sizes kept in stock will fit any figure up to 38 incheeround 0,:•.. the bust under arms, but larger or special sizes can be made to order at a cost of 1/6 extra. h ,' LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable 5' • • s'N • Wide Shape, aoe also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, as /- ,- follows: Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 5/6; Costume k Skirts, trimmed broad croseband of black velvet, price only 7/6 rows ; ' 8 \\\ Costume Skirts, trimmed two ws military braid price only Bach Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra. ___.... . Colours as above. • • - KNOCKABOUT FROCKS for Girls From Are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Lengths 21 21 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 ins. 1 Rerge, with saddle top, long tall sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices:— Price 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 5/-, 5/6 each. ) ach. Postage 41d. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE (RECD.) ifsamaefabritclioforienacthedsumwliti,ty and world-wide does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown, Myrtle, 17/4ra Reseda, Ruby, Grey, Drab, Tan, or Black. Every reader can secure a Full Dress Length of SIX YARDS for 7/113. Sent carriage paid for On, extra. OZ." PATTERNS, also Illustrated "Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies sird Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. , ' JOHN NOBLE LTD., 9 TI; ii! lyi :crag dh;Dillys,e, MANCHESTER. ...._

4;t "" 1 LLOW Xt • • , PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &O. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Jce.

4---eP-tittbmatio SOOTHING POWDERS 14OR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY IEARS.

eeethatll's

It is a THIN PLASTER, and TAKES UP NO ROOM IN THE BOOT. It is especily useful for ELDuLiNG /ENLARGED TOE JOINTS, which so spoil the U symmetry of otherwise beautiful feet. THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CRED, some of whom have suffered for FIFTY YEARS, without being able to get relief from any other remedy. aUrlll, It acts like magic in A trial ana,tlF,Lit: earnp.HVlL stilted relieving all Pain and Throbbing, and soon r: cures the most obsti- a . el '" nate Corns & Bunions. MOVIW Is the EtEST FuEivinroir ever disocyszersepa: Free for 14 stamps fromii BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM Boxes. is. lid., . et all Chemists.. the Bole Proprietors,

These tiny CAPSULES' - . ' • are superior to Balsam S TAof Conaiba Cubebs or ltjections and cure In 48 hours the Mime diseases without moon. ita„, venitesn. ce(s,r4/1!)ostafll Cree.he- -47 1D 1 WILCOX Co., 239, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W 1111111MMIAMIIIMMIIIIMMI

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. Ott't %;rIANYS PILLS, ]'OR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERSSUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXE In Boxes, 934., Is. 1 t.. anti 2s. 9i eselt It directions. The Is. 1.31. Box ec, airts 56 Pi . PREPARED ONLY BY THE l'Eul•kliTolt— THOMAS BEECOM, St. Ifelens, Lancashire. _ BEEcllAtcs TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES THr, BREATH In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggist, or from the Proprietors. for Is., post-paid.

SADDLERY HARNESS. &c. For Home, Colonial, and other Markets.—CAC HARNESS, complere set,A3 6s. 6d.; GIG HARNILSS, full size, As 35.; Cob Site, £2 s6s., Pony size, /2105.; DORMER HARMERS, As 1011. IiZAVT CART HARNKSS, £2 sss. 6d.; Demi-Wan RUMMY Snord.cs, complete, is 31.A1l SC/ on &ppm Illustrated price lisu post free, as application us Janina% Neidgibear

" HERE'''. YOUR HEALTH. In BI2OOIOII,IRONDS' strong. rich Tee. Insidi- ous influenza is once again lying in watt in the laud and nohoty can afford to ignore it. The only way in which to ward off that weakening malady Is te keep a cheery mind in a comfortable TimiT body, Fortunately BROOKE, BONDS' delici- ous Tea can do all that for you and yours and for only a few pence. too. ASK ANY OF OUR AGENI Who are everywhere, for a six-penny quarter- pound packet of our perfect TeA. It's put up and sealed and priced by us at our Head-quarters, so You are sure to get the rig t tea at Ilia right price, There's real comfort for your mind and body in that sixpenn'orth, aye, and possibly a longer life, also. So don't disdain that fails friend in need Though little its good indeed. It's always close at hand and ever at your rer- vice. And our other Teas and prices suit all People and all purses : 11— 1/a, 1149 1/8, 2/1 2/4 AND 2/8 A LB. BROOKE. 30111). & Co., L. 1 THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSEs, 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHRSTES, 29, MARKET STREET,

TO CYCLISTS, BEFORE CHOOSING YOUR MOUNT just have A LOOK AT OUR 1895 MODELS. COMPARE OUR PRICES, QUALITY, AND FINISH. This will satisfy you. BUY ONLY THE BEST MAKE AT THE LOWEST CASH PRICE. THE PREMIER, NEW RAPID, EXCELSIOR, and B. AND A. CYCLES ARE THE BEST. SOLE AGENT G ARLAND, IRONMONGER, BRIDUE-STREET, WARRINGTON. Our Ten Guinea Bayliss Thomas Excelsior Pneumatic Safety, best value in the district. Don't miss it. It dlway fares allowed to Purchasers.

GEORGE HENRY 1..4 E BASNETT STREET LIVERPOOL. Are now Making Their ANNUAL DISPLAY OF 1 FANC ARTICLES, SILVER AND ELECTRO-PLATE. ART EMBROIDERIES, I AND 4,1 NOVELTIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION 0) For CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR GIFTS. 4 Gift Books for Boys and Girls. THE LATEST BOOKS PUBLISHED. BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC DESIGNS in Autograph Cards 1 FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GREETIN Sp«cial. G. 11. and Co.'s is. 30. Box of Christmas and New Year Cards. Containing 53 Cards and Envelopes. The best Box ever offered. High Class Cards, original value 105. By Post 4,1 d. extra. THE LADIES' YEAR BOOK. A most Useful Compendium for the Household, containing Diary. Household Accounts and Washing Books, besides a mass of Useful Information for the Home. Post Free is. 6d. 1921 UMBRELLAS, GLOVES, GENTS TIM. and • SCARVES. SEALSKIN JACKETS. FUR MUFFS AND BOAS, DRESS MATERIALS, Scc., For Presents. GEORGE HENRY. LEE & CO., 1 BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. 6. What I these spoiled hands are caused by WashingDaY; I am surprised, 'get MATCHLESS CLEANSER SOAr 11'1 once, I pray.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIvATs DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but MO arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. rr EETIT. Bach patient informed befor,hand the 004 f‘ir work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, sict TE ETH, Painless Exto-r itntsatse hitherto by the TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallone weekly. Exerts. of the late J. FL PARKINSON':,. (DENTIST 13T Exam.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREEr (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIN ERPOOL, 24, CUURCH-STREEt ' ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLES'TOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MO% WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANOI-6r,°:) RUNCORN, ou THURSDAYS, BBIDGIB-sT. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLug.s.l.Ol-14?

MARRIAGE. N'TAr STATER -KEIGHLEY-liarch 17. at the Parish Chorelhi.. rington, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, RalPn 514-r. Charlotte Keighley. DEATHS. RUSSELL -March 21st, at Dallam-lane, Warrington' ' Russell, aged 11 days. At I Anr) SAUTR—March 18, at Longford-street, Warrington Smi' - st aged arch 61t years.a West-street, ,Warrington, 18-". 13:11: aged 69 years. HARDING -Mareh 17, at Church-strBet, Warrington' Pne Harding, aged 63 years. GERRARD—March 17, at Church-street, Warringtn-' Gerrard, aged 33 years. APPLETON-March 17, at Gaudy 's Terrace Warringt°n' „ beth Appleton, aged 69 years. 00." PORTER—March 20, at Manehester-road, Jemima Porter, aged 38 years.

MEMORIAL CARDS 009 Just received a large Stoek of LATEST POT cAnD IidiCVIORIAI, CARDS. Cell and inspect surnle'doW printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, 11.0 latv' Handbills, Bill Heads, &c. Newest tYPe Machinery. JOHN S. GREEN, THE BOROUGH PRESS, 34, BRIDGR-STREHT, WARRINGTO•

or tf

I

11l
