===== 0002601_18950105_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NO. 821

REG IST WPM) FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD

........ ..... Large and choice selection of Christmas and New Year's Christmas decorations, and various kinds of Games, Ilitable for the Season, and a moat splendid assortment, rit tares and other Books suitable ,for presents can be had from TIIOB. CLARK, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

NCI NG and • CALISTHENICA. MISS ab..-4-1 CAVANAGH holds her CLASSES at 63, Bewsey- Wardrigton. BE3INNERS on MONDAY. Steps at Attni,P-nril• Terms 12s. 6d. leer quarter. Children end tt,reneizinners on SATURDAY, at 2-30 p.m., 10s. 6d. per Pglvkijamilies arranged with. tote sa LESSONS ln all the fashionable round dances, 671"1., nf'a per quarter. Three Private Lessons in the Waltz. titai•Schools and Families attended. bk;;AN ADvA.Ncith CLASS will commence on Thurs- • 29th at 8 p.m. at 10s. 6d. er quarter. T}FUNION BANK OF MANCHE X°T,,ICE IS HERELBIYMIGTIVE.N that a Dividend at Aimin tue rate et eleven Bniillnirs per Share for the half-year detiarß.4the 31st December, 1894, free of income tax. has been kie,'J'a'nnurl will he payable to the Shareholders on and after arY. 1895. A. J. FLETCHER, 2. General Manager. ulster Books are closed till after the Bth tact

ViURIST Ni A S AND

NEW YEAR'S

:STER

pRESENTS.

_ Re CLAMP ND SON,

===== 0002601_18950105_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
31ANUFACTURERS CF

TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

11/lISRS, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS, CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. 41/8/1 CASES COMPLETE AND MANY I/SEPUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR 4IP.TMAS AND NEW YEAR'S

PRESENTS.

39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD STREET, AND PARKER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

4 '6l /... REVOLUTION IN WATCH TRAWL 1 T. a CARD WELL, -PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, 15tter, , I°s, DALE-STRERT, LIVERPOOL, . Pubt;c and es 'ally to Mechanic''', ia thorough English eelt b,SILV ER L .314 f, of EVER WATCH, 35.„: ma Works and accorate in timet.hata aa genuine lingnol ,' Persons Will be surprised t I 4ltrin,'4,.„7er can be made for the .price, bußtLißsh. , 14 has succeled in producing an ^ ~, SILVER LEVER —1" 358 a :GUSH 8 ocimelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for lik Years can be had at

AR DWELL'S 1%, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. 11411 Next Door to nentral Pollee Station -inarked 18 carat Gold English Key4)Bs Lever 'Watches, from £7 IN. hapAins PROMPT AND RRLIABLS.

BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS' INTEENATIONAL EXHIBITION, LONDON, 1594.

JAMES HORTON, BAKER. Ac., LATCLIFORD, OBTAINED AWARD AND DIPLOMA

For PUEITY, SWEETNESS AND EXCELLENCE

OF BREAD.

ti TT BREAD, As sappHed to Her Majesty, The Queen.

ASTHMA I ASTIIMA ! ASTHMA THELEWIS REMEDIES, 28. BUDGE-ROW. CANNON-ST. LONDON. E.C. Wonderful 4 urea Effected. Send at once for Testimonials. Press Opinions. &C. THE LEWIS, POCXET NASAL lUlf LER, 25.. by post 2s 10. TDB LEWIS ASTHMA AND HAYFEVER POW- DER, per tin 3s. 63 ,by post 2,5. 9d. THE LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR Is., by post Is. 11-.1. THE LEWIS ASTHMA EXTERMINATOR. for Cl rout Cases. 7s. 6d cf)rnp,ete. " ÜBLASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in tile Heed, ls. per bakie. post Is lid

===== 0002601_18950105_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, JAIN VARY 5, 1895

A NEW DEPARTURE IN THE FURNISHING TRAD B.

The extensive alterations necessitated by continued increase of business at the Manchester Louvre having now been almost completed, the Proprietors have pleasure in informing their old-established "clientele" and the public generally, that the increased Exhibition Space in their Show-rooms (opposite All Saints' Church) has en .bled th rn to stock and display an enormously added Quantity of FURNITURE—both New and Second-hand—so that their Customers have now a Collection to choose trorc which itts not tto much to say is second to none in the United Kingd ,m. The recent e .tensive Sales Field by us in consequence of Extension of Premises met with stieh a ready response from wide-awake clients, that our former Mock was speedily reduced Rod it became a serious question with is how to cope with the demands of fresh Customers. Whilst, of course the market is being flooded with New Modern Furniture, there scarcely ever was a time when High-ciass, Second-hand, Durable and Handsome SUITES were more difficult to obtain. But, ever on the plert, and first in the field, we are glad to say that we have ten successful in securing one of the rarest and completest elollections of every variety of Furniture everoffered to the pu'elle since we entered the Trade, £lO,OOO OF NEWLY ADDED SV)CK Now on offer at nearly one half of its original value. Railway Fared Paid to Country Customers. Catalogues Free on Appli- cation. THOSE ABOUTITO MARRY and those who contemplate adding to their present Stock of Furniture are specially invited to pay an early visit to the Manchester Louvre (opposite All Saints' Chu7eb). No one will be pressed t buy, and our Salesmen have instructions to show the pub i :through our Spacious ar; , 7:1.-2ant Show- rooins without importunity, as we rely Furniture to recommend itself without putting. The Va ;raordinary Sha.k which we now hold must be reduced wittoit delay, as the prices paid by us will not adow for loss of interest on heavy ac umulated quantities. Quick turn•+vers and small profits alone suit our class of business. It will WAS be seen lir hat an Immense advantage we are able to show over Houses who hold their Stocks for months and months, and are obdged to charge the Public with the interest ..hey lose on their sunk capital. Every facility is offered to intending purchasers. All goads are delivsred free in our own carts and vans, or securely packed for transit by Hal, Carriage Paid. Every article is tested before leaving the premises, and, if necessary, skilled workmen Will be sent out to plan sarpete and fit the house up. Estimates given for the com- plete furnishing of a House from £ot. £l,OOO in value. Ad- vice gratis on the choice and selection of

EVIIIY REQUISITE FOR COTTAGE OR MANSION. Parties visiting the Manche.ter Louvre shou'd enter the Oxford-street, Rusholme, or Withiugten car at Piccadilly, and ask the conductor to stop at the MANCHRSTER ' OUVRE. where they will be act inished to ftnd such spacious and elegaotly appointed Showrooms, surpassing anything outside oi London. Do not forget that we now hold THE MOST COMPLISTII t3OLLECTIoN OF FURNITURE EVER OFFERED, AT ABOUT ONE-HALF ITS ORIGINAL COST. Absolutely unapproachable for B eganee, Comfort, Durability, and Cheapness.

THIS WEEK'S LIST OF BARGAINS. ____.

Sit. Brown Oak Sideboard, with lofty plate-glass back superbly carved ; original cost £75, price, P... 35. Solid Wslnut Bedroom Suite, by Neild, comprising Sit fully enclosed wardrobe. pair of large-sized toilet t shies with side reflecting mirrors, bedside pedestal, three chairs, aud towel airer price delivered. £23 10e., cheap. Bedroom Suite in satin walnut asid Ash; 4ft. wardrobe with bevelled glass door, pair of enclosed t.tlett.ebles, pedes- tal. three cane chairs and towel after, complete for 5112 125., worth 00. Solid Walnut Suite, smeller size than above, with the same quantity of articles. 10 guineas. Breakfast Boom Suite, all complete, £3 Vs 6d. Sideboard, in mahogany, £2 2s. lfeavy Parisian Bedstead, with upholstered back, curtains and vacancies, all complet., £4 15s. 11 Wire M ittress, to St the above. 9s 64. Large Quantity of Second-hand Kitchen Furniture at less than half the usual price. Dining Room Suite in real skins, solid frames, by Reilly, beautifully upholstered large couch, pair of easy chairs, and six standard small chairs; sully beau used three months, £l2 12s. Complete Furnishings for Drawing-room in inlaid rose- wood. The suite is upholstered in expensive Genoa velvet, superb cabinet overmatitel. ferry tables, brass fender, fire brasses. velvet pile carpet. and hearthrug, complete for £27 10s. ; cost when new. £5O 5f t. Walnut h debos rd. with very lofty glass back, enclosed with drawers, cupboards, dr.c., well worth £2O. Our price detvered £8 10s.

Parisian Bedsteal, very heavy El 17 6 Wool Mattresses, f,ll size 0 12 '6 Hair Mattress, full size All Bras. Be !steads. full size Railway fare paid to country c istomera, and all goods deliverel free. •"' GOLDSTON E AM) I:IC/NS, THE MANCHESTER LOUVRE,

115 AND 117, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
I E 122D-CIANRGAT riv‘IENDCIDSI.NGPRUIRtZ 5.131-7LairgeE' GODsttStoekaljn rat value in .the town or district. Sold by weight from Is. 6d. to 50s. All sires and shapes. including the Round and Ralf-Round always in stock. A handsome present given to each purchaser. Finger size cards post free. D. AND A. EUSTANCH, THg ILLUMINATED CLoCK, 41,3, SANKHY-SITNIMT. WAYRINGTON. N.11.-15tr4atly Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISHED, 1864. •

===== 0002601_18950105_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
eTuratton.

SOUTIIPORT.— SUNNYSIDE DRO.—Ph ysician Dr. BARNARD°. Sun.mer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings in t•outhpoyt, centrally situated. replete with every coo tort, fine Sea View ;near Parks, Piers, Trams. and Golf Links ; Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths ; Massage. Galyanisn.—Terms moderate.—Froprietor, J. BOOCOM

===== 0002601_18950105_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIOR ONH FUNNY

FASHIONS. FASHIONS. FASHIONS.

THIRTIETH ANNUAL SALE

JAMES LOWE'S, 13, 15, 17, AND 19, OLDHAM STREET, AND

3,5, AND 75

BACK PICCADILLY,

IVIANCHESTER,

NOW TAKING PLACE.

STAMP COLLECTORS.

Try our- CHRISTMAS PACK }T or STAMPS; sure to give satisfaction ; price h. ld. by post. Wholesale lino till Lists Free, Large StoAc itf Rarities on baud, We Buy Old Voreign Stamps, loose or in books, on envelopes or other wise. Old Stamped Envelopes Bought, THE LIVERPOOL STAMP CO., 21, VIUTOBIA-STERE T, LIVBIIPOO L.

By p, le. 7id per Quarter, 6s. Bd. per Annum an ad, Is. 9d. per Quer credit.

CATALOGUES, CONTAINING FULL DETAILS OF THE DEPARTMENTS, FREE BY POST, OR OY APPLICATION JAMES LOWE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH.

TEhTH.

TEE f

TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, -at the rice- UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD The TEETH. pnblic may rest assured that these state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH. iand perhaps the best guarantee of this be TEETH.tending patient. is that J. H PARKIN- hON has one of the Largest Dental Practices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR. usmg the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainab'es and Charging the LO•, BiT POSSIBLE PRICE TEETH. Any set made, or work done by him, and net giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in every detail ...ill be immediately aorrected, TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW BET made FREE OP CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions Insure the pullic's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets having been Inserted for patients during one year only directly and indirectly TEETH thmugli the voluntary p-reuasion end recom- . mendatlon of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any TEETH. oforralrieofefrtehneZpilittirn' ht: gni ra emn "t o anadny would I-1); patient personally applying for them. These, TEETH. with thousands in the past, each reomn mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Parkinson s success. His unusually large dental establishment TEETHadapted for the COMPORT of Patients MUST . NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to. FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12. TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. TEETH. AC., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he T EETH. now liqu ties tor sale to dentists, nearly 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- "A" : TEETH. fare, in this speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEETH. : 'TEETH. I A-

Z. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREBT (National Telephone, No. 1663. LIVERPOOL. 24, CHURCH 'TRENT. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET.

BARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, a,. Mrs. Mess, 2 to 5 p.m. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sankey-streek (Side entmno first &yor) 2to 5 p.m.

RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs Hughes', Confectioner

Bridge-street. from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-street, er 11 to 12 am., and 1 to 5 p.m. ja

GREEN'S PATENT cZAUSAGE CHOPPING & MINCING MACHINES L./ and FILLEILS (Silent with White Enamelled Bowls and other Patterns.)

Suitable for BUTCHERS. MEAT EXPORTERS, CONFECTIOAERS. HOTELS. BOARDING-HOUSES, PRIVATE FAMILIES, Ac. These Celebrated Machines are used very exten ively through- out England, Scotland, Irelaiid, and the Colonies. Illustrated Price List on application.

THOMAS GREEN 3: SON (LIMITED). 1 SMITHFIELD IRON WORKS. LEEDS. and SURREY WORKS, BLACKPRIARS-It 'AD, LONDON, S.E.. or from any Ship, ing or Export House, Merchant, or Ironmonger i • the United Kingdom.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLBC roR and GRNERAL COMMISSION

AGENT. 39, GLADSTONE STH HET. WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT. OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. Special Arrangements, &a. for t to, Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live St elc, Accident, and northern Plate Glass Insurdnce Co.

UNDER THE CLOCK.

IN BRIDGR-STRERT, WARRINGTON, FOR

GOOD BOOTS.

LADIES' Calf Goloshrxi Walking BOOTS and SHOES in all STYLE, ani FITTINGS. GENTLEMEN'S Morse Skin BOOTS. with Waterpr,•of SOLES, for Easy Wear. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS.

GENTLEMEN's COVET SHOES. LADIES and GIRLS' EVENING SHOES.

lADIES GMTJW in Black. Navy. Fawn, and Brown, 1/11. Equal to any sold at 2/11. Any Colour sent post tr,e, 1/11._ Guaranteed to Fit.

-Send Size 'of Ao-ot,

UNDER THE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGH-RTRERT, WARRINGTON.

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES. AT

JAM SOli 'S NEW PPE NI ISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING.

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE. TAILS OF PURR HAIR, 10s. &I. HAIRCOMBINGS tpr oz. I 1 NIMOVABLItI from MA.DIi UP, f 2s. I rCALPETTES, f 21s, MAUS BROWN, 3, LERCH-STREET, (top of Bold-street). LIVRiiPoOL,

LAMP & SON, R. C

===== 0002601_18950105_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF

TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16e. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 6d. 39, AND 411 DALE STREET. 12, LORD STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET. LIVERPOOL.

A BOON TO LADIES.

COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY.

Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a membir of thes Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge. toll PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which daring on eat-nsiye practice, hoth at home and In the Colonies he has never known to fall it the most OBSTINAI E CA. ES of t BsTRUCTION and I R REG ULAN IRS. Send adore/toed envelope for lull particulars. and waste mi more time and money on useless Pills end so called Remedies, See.. which, In the majority of cosset, are noth.ng hut PUR- GATIVES, and -cause 811.71CNEss, PHOSTRA LION, and PAIN, without hAving the desired erect. Letters to be amtreesed D. COLLINh,

Got He House, 9, Erskine Street.

Liverpoot

===== 0002601_18950105_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
••• I e '

===== 0002601_18950105_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
9 9

t* : - t t i _, I ' 1)

•

' •1' ; f,„

===== 0002601_18950105_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• .

===== 0002601_18950105_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
,

• ••

sr 1 7, _ ,:.!. i , .

11

\ ,),, , ~ 4. , ~

===== 0002601_18950105_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t

===== 0002601_18950105_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

"TRUST men and they will trust you," said Emerson. "Trust men and they will bast you," says the average business man. "THE pleasantest way to take cod-liver oil," Bays an old gourmand, "is to fatten pigeons with it, and then eat the pigeons." A PERMANENT ATTRACTION.—CIara : "Are you not afraid that some one will marry you for your money ?" Dora: "I would rather be married for money than for beauty." "Of all things! , Why ? ' "Beauty fades, but money can be kept at interest." LASTED A LONG TlME.—Willis : "When my wife makgs me a present it is sure to be something that will last." Wallace : "My wife is just like her. Five years ago she made me a present of a hundred cigars, and I have ninety-nine of them' yet." MEN never take their wives fishing with them if they can help it. There are so few women who will go fishing with their husbands, and agree to every thing the husbands tell when they come back

SHE WAS TIRED.—" Well, may I hope, then, ded.redt, that at some time I may have the happi- ness of making you my wife V "Yes, I hope so, .I am sure," she replied. "I am tired of suing fellows for breach of promise." DISSIPATION. —" I don't knew what I'm going to do about my husband," said the owl, with a sob. "What's the master ?" asked the sympathetic

nightingale. "His habits are getting io lie some- what dreadful. This is the second time this week that he has been up all day.' DIFFICULT, BUT SATISFACTORY. Mamma: "What are you trying to draw V' 'Little Ethel: "A elephant." "Rather a difficult subject." "I'd rather draw elephants than anything else, because my friends can always tell what it is. They knows a elephant is the only animal wif two

tails." "PAPA," said Willie, "I wish you'd tell me. If you were Queen Victoria and mamma was the Emperor of China-- Got that ?" "Yes." "Well, if you was they, who I'd be?" MARRIED MAN: "Why don't you get married, Miss Perkins? You are getting to look like a back number '—you will soon be an old maid." Miss Perkins: "If I were as easy to please as your wife was, I would have been married long ago. MOTHER: "When do you suppose that young man who calls upon you will make known his in- tentions, Laura ?" Laura: "I think he will pro- posd pretty soon. Last evening he was very anxious to know whether I could dress on £2O a year." PRETTY WIFE: "I knew you'd like this new hat, darling. It is becoming, and nothing could be simpler, could it!" Darling (thoughtfully) : "Nothing, except .the man who has to pay three

guineas for it." GROWING YOUNG AGAIN.--TWO ladies discovered talking in a corner of the drawing-room : "Had not Mrs. M— grey hair last year ? " "Yes." "How does it happen to be black now ? " You forget, my dear, that she has lost her husband since then." AUNT : "I want to do something to please you on yourbirthday, Charlie; but first I want to ask your teacher how you behave in school." Charlie: "If you really wish to please me, auntie, don't ask him." PEOPLE who wonder why men's hair turns grey before their whiskers should remember that there is about twenty years' difference in their respective ages. WHMI WE FEEL SMALL.—" There are times," said the man with the oratorical manner, "when we are overwhelmed with humiliation at the powerlessness of the human mind." "That's very true," was the reply. "I am 'often made to feel so." "Indeed ?" Yes. I have a four-year-old daughter who asks questions." CRUELTY TO AN INFANT.—" HOW did it happen that BLgs was arrested by an agent for the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children ?" "He was caught in the act of abusing his baby." "What was he doing ?" "Singing it to sleep.' "I SAW your name in print the other day," said one man to another, who was very fond of notoriety. "Where ?" asked the other, in pleased excitement. "In the directory Lovima MOTHER : "I cannot understand what makes our boy, Robert, so fond of pedestrianism." Fond Father: ." He gets that froin me. Didn't I walk the floor with him for weeks when he was a baby." " THREE kinds of juries figure prominently in trials now," remarked McCorckle. "What are they ?" asked McCradkle. "Grand jury, common jury, and perjury." BOTH SATISFIED. —Estella "What a lovely ball! I never enjoyed myself so much in all my life." Gladys "Nor I." : "I danced every dance, and had a different partner each time." Gladys: "I sat out every dance, and had the same partner all the evening ! ' Miss Arrioue (school teacher) : "What does w-h-i-t-e spell ?" Class—no answer. Miss An. : "What is the colour of my skin?' Class (in chorus) : "Yellow." "Few people," said the wife 4 as she proceeded to investigate her husband's pockets after he had gone to sleep—"few people are aware of what a wife has to go through." A SPOILED PUBLIC. —Boy: "Paper, sir Up- todate : "Well, I don't know. Have you any paper that prints coupons which you can take to the office next day and exchange for a fresh

paper ?" GOLDRICH : "I've fixed it so that there will be no contest over my will." Silvercash : "Impos- sible." Goldrich : "Not at aIL I've left every- thing to the lawyers." A LABOUR PESSIMIST.—Agitator "Oi've bees all over this town, and it's goin' to the dogs; that's phwat it is." Mechanic: "What's wrong with, it ?" Agitator: "Oi can't get up a stroike any- where." SPOKE FROM EXPERlENCE.—Temperance Orator: "Even an innocent baby has a wonderful influence over a man." Man on Back Seat: "RighT. you are, stranger. That's what drove me to drink." NEVER bear more than one kind of trouble at a time. Some people bear three kinds—all they have had, all they have now, and all they expect to ha. e. A FARMER saw a recipe advertised for keeping wells and cisterns from freezing in winter. Having sent a dozen stamps he received the following: "Take in your well or cistern at night, and stand it in front of the fire.'' A "LORD OF CREATION. "—A hen-pecked hus- band called the servant maid aside, said said: "Look here, Robustina, I am told that my wife and daughteri, are planning a trip to Biarritz; do you know whether I sin going with them or not?" APARTMENTS TO LET.—We cull the following advertisement from a German paper: "Furnished apartments for a gentleman 12 feet long and 10 feet wide. PRiscILLA : "They say that Clara's hair is not her own." Prunella : "Do they? What a shame ! Why, she showed me a receipted bill for it the other day." • " Was your watchman well recommended ?" "Oh, not directly. I used to see him in church, and as lie stayed awake all through Dr. Sonora's sermons, I concluded he was the manl wanted," "YES, sir," said Jenkins; " Sinithers is a man who keeps his word ; but then 11.- has to." "How is that r asked Johnson. "Because no one will take it." •SHOPPING IN THE COUNTRY.—" No, ma.am ; those are two articles we don't kee- ; but the oysters, I think, you will find at the post-office, and the onions you can get aOross the way, at the barber's.' " Flow are you finding business' doctor ?" was asked of a physician. "Capital,' he replied; "I have all I can attend to." "I didn't understand that there was much illness about." "No, there isn't. But we physicians do not depend upon sicxness for an ineo ipe. Oh, no; most of our money is made from people who have nothing the matter with them." WHAT HE REMEMBERED.—Bright Boy: "Uncle George took me to hear a lecture on phrenology." Father: "Let me see if yeu can tell me what you learned r Bright Boy: "Some smart men have high foreheads, and some smart men have low foreheads; and some big fool-s ~ave high forehea:ls, and some big fools have low foreheads. That's all " I can remember." "DID you give sister the larger part of the apple, as I told you "Yes, mamma." "That is noble. And did you not feel happier for it?" " Yes'm. Her part was rotten."

AIOXoN'S NUIV,ERY Boos (Unequalled for 113-aIIOYING NUS. and NAli

in the HUMAN }{AI.) OF CHEMISTS snd the PHOPIM,TO „J. L. M 0 X 0 N, 2E2, PAllli-110A.D. LIVErPOOT. 6d. and Is, per .nx. Post Free 71 mid Ir P.L.age mention tnis power

===== 0002601_18950105_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAREST NELLIE,

I gave you some hints about evening dresses last week, but I am sure you will not object if I allude to the subject again. You are sure to want a new one if you are going out much. A smart little costume is of a delightful shade of old-rose pink spotted silk, with trimmings of string-oo!oured lace, and ribbon to match or a contrast. The skirt Is trimmed at the foot with a soalloped frill of lace headed with a twist of ribbon, and a smart bow of the same at the top of each scallop. The round- waisted bodice is stretched over the tight-fitting lining, the material arranged in a few pleats at the centre of the waist both back and front, where the bodice fastens with hooks, the back being out without seams. The neck is out rounded at the back and V-shape in front, and is finished with a narrow lace edging. A full benne 'of lace is attached to the edge of the bodice. Ribbon starts from beneath a bow at the bust, passes under the arms, and crosses at the back, and is brought round again to the front, where it is tied in a bow at the side. The balloon sleeves are made up over a lining foundation, and are surmounted by lace epaulettes. Another, and this a most handsome dress, is of primrose brocade, veiled with white areophane. The drapery round the plain bodice of primrose-coloured poult de soie is of broderie Apglaise. Parisians, lam told, are much &fleabag the swallow-tail out of which this bodice is an example. The neck is out low, with a V-shaped opening at the back.

A great deal of pleasure is deriveci from dressing ' up for children's fancy dress balls, and I cannot do better than give you some ideas as to. 'costumes for these delightful functions. No matter • how pretty the ordinary party frock, it, bears no ()gm- ,parison with the fancy- costume, and the idea of even for a few hours representing some other character, has a peculiar fascination fox children. Simplebut piquant costumes can be easily Made at a slight expense, and only ordinary ma- terials need be employed. Tske, for instance, a very fair child with fluffy golden hair. This can be lightly powered, and patches nu, on the chin and neck. A dainty little Watteau costume of white sateen, che.ap_ white lace, whit, roses, and satin ribbons will make a delightfw "Dresden China ". or "Watteau Blanche." F.- the dark-haired damsel with rogui:th eyes, a gips); costume of red merino, black sateen, and yellow Pongee can be embellished with large gold sequins, a littlet gold braid, and a tambourine with multi- coloured ribbons. Or with a short velvet boclie, laced over a chemieette of nainsook muslin, and a skirt of royal blue nun's cloth, trimmed with velvet bands, she may represent an Italian peasant, using one of the Algerian tinselled antimacassars now sold at 63. and Bd. each, for an apron, and for the headdress a square of cardboard about five inches each way, and covered with one half of anotner antimacassar, or with a fancy square over a white cambric pugaree.

The following costumes are beautifslly simple, and may be easily made at home. The first is that of a fairy, and makes a charming dress for a little maiden about six. The dress may be made of pink materials, and the skirt is extended. Wings and stockings should be of the same colours. A star on the top of the head and a little sceptre completes the get-up. The Queen of Hears is another effective costume ; the wearer carries a sceptre, and her dress is dotted with large crime on hearts. A lovely dress is that of a Pacha's daughter. There are full trousers of rose-coloured silk, with a tunic and sleeves of broussa gauze. The Zonave jacket is a glittering mass of. heavy gold embroidery, and a long veil of clear gauze is fastened on with an Oriential gold ornament. Robin Hood is dressed in green cloth, and he should carry a bow and quiver. A little great • grandmother in a huge bonnet, mittens, and carrying a bag makes a good get-up. Queen Christmas may wear any cheerful. looking dress. This should be trimmed with holly, &Q.' and a band bearing the words "A Merry Christmas," across the breast. Another boy's costume is that of a clown, and this is always popular. A miniature policeman should be dressed of course, in blue, with belt and helmet, and he should carry a lantern and truncheon.

I am afraid moat brides-elect have rather magni- fied ideas about the number of dresses necessary for their trousseau. Unless one is going out a good deal, a dinner dress, a %mart afternoon cos- ta/Me (gointaway gown), a good, serviceable taller-made, and a warm and comfortable tea- gown, whioh eon be worn at breakfast; are as many as need be had. Should you go to a dance, it is far better to buy a dress fresh for the occasion. But you could include a very smart and dainty ball bodice in your trousseau, such as you could weer wtth any skirt. And you will want a silk biome, and a good winter coat, up-to-date in every particular. A sewing-machine is such a help to the home dressmaker and economist.

Yours lovingly, J ENNTIL

OTTEY'S UNLABELLED STRONG EMA LE PILLS. quickly and Certainly rtinove all obstructions arising from any cau9e whatever. invaluable 'or married women. Post free, under cover for 14, aud 33 stamps. from T t-' At 0T T Y. ChAmist. Bt i' 'lt" mention this natter MUCH BBTTEtt. MAN tLAND PliliblYii3OYAL

~ ..---,--- „,, • -- —W.', 2.-E--;7-7' _,_,. '---17-' ' q r....a.,4/-,- 11 ~ : N,\ • I, I2' '''' , i,‘, 4 it %. 7-_,;:c `4,,V.4- • .(e'lz-----7-__.±-7:-:r..(:Ar..,).-:,:•:`, ' ~ •, ~, ;,k-,1 :7 \‘. \ , L , ' , ii.ll, 6 . 4:: . l' . F I' 7,;•...--,---__;;-= ''',T ...-2L , -T.c..sv'\\--, ":, t?'. V.,.. :I : t.'.l\\.* ' 6''O''W , )1, \ .-;:,1; -- , 'C.,...y.: (.:_.e ik, • . '

f' ili .••• ~:,' - ,:,....k. _.... _..2_.._ V N.. ,:: • , it.-,..'" 1, __ . - • ''''''-':-.'\'\-) ' fip 141.. i i.....z.i, •4. ~., - - 4 •..., , ii„ ir . • • ..\--.,, ,:, 4 --.,:__--,5-_ - i 14,1.4 ~ _A . %2,e_ ,1im.,.....e, , • .1, _ it ,1111 it le • ~ , 1 / / t.•:.-1:4, ,11',,,- ll' ' • k :;. ‘,,== /4 `',o, .'s.,A /,/ • q 74ra. V • ' k.'l,,:i. ,;If. ~ & .

===== 0002601_18950105_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
- . - it" 5746 4,111‘1111111-

===== 0002601_18950105_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
-..- • •.

F EXAMINER, SAITIMAY JANT'ARY 3.

An Indian Prince has a throne et solid gloss. In an English print dated 1.810 there is a picto-e of a woman On a trießle. At the Queen's dinner table there are separate servants for each person. There is a monastery at St. Honorat on an island near Cannes, which was built in the fourth century. No woman has ever been allowed to enter its walls 'during the one theusand years of its existence. Lady Carlisle is training a staff of women to take charge of the grounds of her extensive estate in York. _ _

THE DOUBLE LIFE: On, THE. HAMPTON MYSTERY. By the Author of " DARKWOOD. '

CHAPTER XI 111. IN PIIRSU: What say you now? What umfort have we now ? RICHARD IL Lord Grosvenor arrived z 6 Dalton a little later than he had expected. ano proceeded directly to the inn to freshen his toilet before seeking his young betrothed. The first person he encountered on entering the common parlour was Lord Adlowe. There was a mocking light in Adlowe's eyes, and a mocking smile on his lips as he bowed to his young rival that chilled Paul Grosvenor, with a sudden apprehension. Concealing this as best he could, the young lord acknowledged the salutation gravely, and would have passed on, but that Adlowe stretched out his hand and detained him. "We are well met, Lord Grosvenor," said Ad- lowe, with a great display of politeness. "It seems we are here on the same errand. Truly women are powerful, since one delicate girl has drawn you from the charminz seclusion of the Eagle's Eyrie, and me from the fascinations of society. I have just discovered that Miss Are- valo—or shall I call her Miss Trevelyau ?—is here." "Permit me to pass, Lord Adlowe," said young Grosvenor, haughtily. "I decline to hear the lady's name from your lips." An evil glance shot from Adlowe's eyes, and he stepped aside. "You carry a high hand," he said, "because you think you will win. We shall see! We shall Bee ! " There was a world of hidden meaning in his words and looks and tones, but Grosvenor dis- dained to question him, or prolong the conversa- tion_ He c.q.s-zie'out into the hall, and remained there until' lhe landlord came up to announce that his room was ready, and to conduct him to

A dealer in artificial limbs estimates that three bun- dmd thousand Britons have lost one or both legs.

M.dame R, Jane will cr-,sg the Atlantic. She will have her own tern $ for America—eight t housand pounds and 1 Rh r-

expenses. U Ic John

Calloway Count

,0,. ,ote, a ...a, tucky, who is more than one hundred years old, is look- ing for his seventh wife. The Countess of Warwick has been elected a member of the Warwi3k Board of Guardian., and was more than two hundred votes ahead of any other candidate. The .I‘l,-,rth South Wales -Government is forming a department of labour and industry, the new portfolio being entrusted to Mr. Jacob Gerrard, at present Minis ter of Public Instruction.

Several hooks of the second and third contnries have leaden leaves. One su,ch in the British Nluseum, has• six leaden leaves, with hinges arid a clasp. A week's work in Birmingham comoriqes, amongst its various result, its fabricati on ot 14.000,000 pens, 6.000 bedsteads, 7,000 guns, 300 000,000 cut nails, 100,000,000 buttons, 1,000 saddles, 5.000,000 copper or bronze coins, and 20,000 pairs of spectacles. Literary ladies often dress in original fashion. Mrs. Stanna.rd (John Strange Winter) is•fond of quiet shades, and in the evening generally gives bl ick the preference, Mrs. Hodgson Burnett often dresses in salmon-pink, while pale blue and soft yellow are very favourite shades. Mrs. Lynn Linton, when at home, always wears a black gown and a white cap. She is fond of rich satins, yet- vets, brocade, and the like. I The eighty-fifth anniversary of the birth of Mr. Glad- stone was celebrated quietly at Flawarden on Sa,urnay. The bells of the village church rang merry pea's, and numerous congratulatory letters and messages were re- ceived during the day from political and private friends and admirers, and from party organizations and asso- ciations throughout the country. Many American women who ride bicycles follow the convenient plan of turning the skirt hind part before when they are riding, and turning it hack again for walking. This, with the new " flare" skirt, firings the fullness where it is needed. Full knickerbockers should be worn beneath. Tweed is the best material. Neat slices and stockings are e,sential, and gaiters are com- fortable in cold weather. The jacket should be close fitting, with a short basque,a rid the skirt short.

Strange Freaks of Street Ruffians.

The Paris street ruffians amused themselves last win- ter by squirting vitriol on the dresses of ladies, for the simple pleasure they derived from uselesshestruction. Many of them were arrested and were condemned to prison. It was imagined the pehalties had been severe enough to cure the stupid young men of their senseless pastime, hut it seems that is net the case, for, thoutili they have this winter refrained from squirting vitriol, they have commenced using scissors. Within the last few days Police Commissaries of the Boulevard quarters have received visits from very numerous fashionably dressed ladies, who came to complain of large pieces br- ing cut out of their dresses and mantles while they were walking in the streets. On Monday two ladies, accom- panied by their husbands, were at the Salle des De- peches of the "Figaro." when one of them felt a pull at , her mantle. Turning round,she saw that an individual, who sought to make good his escape, had cut a big hole in it, and she noticed that her friend's dress was ruined by a large piece having been cut out of it. The twe husbands rushed upon the man, who was captured, and taken to the Police Commissary's office,where his pocket was found to contain no fewer than nine large pieces of silk and velvet he had cut out of ladies' dresses. He confessed his stupid offence, and was sent to Old Police Depot.

"If you will give me your name, sir, I will register it," said the landlord, throwing open the door of his second-best room, Adlowe having taken the best. "It is Grosvenor," replied our hero. "Not the young Lord Grosvenor of the Eagle's Eyrie ? " cried the landlord, between hope and fear. "The same." The landlord was in a transport of delight that his hotel should be so prospered as to be patronised by two noble lords at once. "I have heard of you, my lord," he said, with his most obsequious bow. "The Eyrie is one of the noblest monuments of our county, and we feel what I may call, not knowi ig how else to express it, a national pride in it I The Grosvenors are an English race, but they have a seat in Wales, and we Welshmen feel a sort of property in them. You will find congenial society at the Harp just now, I don't doubt, my lord. Lord Adlowe is stopping here." "Yes, I met him in the parlour," said Grosvenor, • carelessly. "How long as he been here 7" "Since yesterday morning, my lord.', Grosvenor started. "So long as that ?" he said, involuntarily. "Yes, my lord. He is touring, I think. Last night he went on a little excursion to the north- ward, taking his valet with him. He came back this afternoon alone, and the horses seemed to have been hard driven, but his lordship paid munificently for their use. We have fine horses, my lord, if you want to make excursions. This is not the best season, however. Lord Adlowe had a heavy mist to travel in." This information was extremely valuable to Lord Grosvenor, who began to speculate in his own mind, as to why Adlowe should have made a night excur- sion in the rain, when he must already have become informed of Giralda's retreat. "He intends to carry her off," he thought, "and he has been looking up a place to take her to. I think my arrival is most opportune." He dismissed the landlord, brushed his hair and his garments, and set out without delay to seek Giralda. A street urchin, encouraged by the gift of a bright silver sixpence, conducted him to Mrs. Jones's pastry-cook shop. Mrs. Jones herself was seated behind the little counter, her eyes red with weeping. She was alone, and presented such a forlorn picture that Grosvenor instinctively felt that something sinister had happened. "You are Mrs. Jones ? " he inquired. The woman replied in the affirmative, eying him suspiciously. "I am Lord Grosvenor," communicated our hero, his bright, frank, handsome face, with its debonair and innocent expression, dissipating her suspicions and arousing her interest at once. "I am the friend of your lodger, Miss Arevalo and am come to see her iu answer to a letter which I received from her last night." Mrs. Jones fell to sobbing boisterously. Grosvenor looked at her in astonishment, begin- ning to apprehend that some misfortune had oe- cured to Giralda. "Take ins up to her !" he exclaimed. "Oh, I wish to Heaven I could ! " sobbed Mrs. Jones. "The poor pretty creetur ! And that dear, boy, too ! This is a sorry day for me, my lord. "What is the mattet? " demanded Grosvenor. "Where is Miss Arevalo ? "I don't know ! I don't know!" "Not know ? Is she not here ?" "No, my lord. She went out last night, and it a-raining in a mist-like; and she took the little boy with her, which he wanted to go for to protect her, and I haven't seen either of them since." Grosvenor was stunned at this intelligence. "And there was another, my lord, in here, in- quiring for her about noon," continued Mrs. Jones, still sobbing, "and he was that mad because she was gone that I expected the roof to come off. His name was Lord A Ilowe." "lie was here' to-day, then ?" asked Grosvenor, arousing himself from his stupor. "Yes, my lord, but I couldn't tell him anything. There was a woman here, too—her old nurse—that book on fearful. I have searched the whole town. but no one saw Miss Giralda after she left my door." "At what time did she go out ?" "It was between seven and eight, my lord, as near as I can tell." "Where did she set out to go?" "To the doctor's, my loud, to carry a tumbler of 'ally and some cakes that she wanted to send to a tick man." Grosvenor looked puzzled and bewildered. "The sick man was a friend of hers," explained inn. Jones. "He got hurt on the Burnt Downs, and was taken to the cottage of my friend, Peggy Willsey. I should think that Miss Giralda might have gone to Peggy's, only that her umbrella and jelly and cakes were all found on the street corner this morning, broken and wet and spoilt —leastways the jelly and cakes were." " That looks as if she had been forcibly cap- tured and carried off," mused Grosvenor, his heart a prey to the keenest apprehensions. "And this is all you know, Mrs. Jones ?" Mrs. Jones replied that it was, and offered to send a guide with his lordship, if he should choose to visit the doctor and pursue his inquiries. Gros- venor answered by acceptinv her offer, and the good woman called in the urchin who had served him before as guide, and who was still lingering about the door. Grosvenor hastened to the doctor's residence, had the good fortune to find the physician at hoine, and stated at once who he was, and what he wanted. "The young lady was not here last night," de- clared the physician. "She said she should call every night to inquire aiter my new patient, but I did not expect her last night on account of the rain. If she had come, I had good news for her. I have broken up the fever that seriously threat- ened, although I assured the young lady it must run its course. The man is weak, and he is in a low state, but I see no reason why he shouldn't get well." "Who is this man in whom Miss Arevalo took BO marked an interest ? " asked Grosvenor. "There is quite a little romance connected with him," said the doctor. "He is, it appears a lover of Peggy Willsey's who has been missing these eighteen years. He has been in Australia. His name is George Negwyn." All wholesale houses stock HOMOCEA. It can be Grosvenor had heard the story connecting Neg- obtained from Chemists and others at Is. lid. or 2s. 9d. wyn with the mystery that had ruined Geoffrey per box, or will be sent by post for is. 3d. and 3s. from Trevelyan, and he was well aware of the joy the the wholesale agency, 21, Hamilton Square, Birkenhead. man's discovery would cause to the Lady Beatrice Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY- and her husband. • STREET, WARRINGTON ;by the executors of the late But he had not time now to search out the man, ISAAC SPEAKMAN, BRIDGE-STREET PHARMACY, RUN and seek to move him to a confession of what he co; J. H. WES roN, DEVONSHIRE BUILDING, RUN knew. All that must be deferred until Giralda CORN ;S. STRINGFELLON, 1, Cor.r.voE-STItERT, ST should be found. HELENS ; and ty E. BOOTH, 5, CITE-1-1-r BRIDGE He thanked the doctor for the information given. CitBIVX. d took his leave returning to the inn. (4) —6'l_4' Could. Giralda have caught sialit of Adlowe.

and so fled from the town ? " he asked himself. "No ; she had been taken away by violence, and Adlowe was the man who took her. His last night's excursion was to remove her to some re- treat, and Wigby remains with her as her jailer. I will see Adlowe, and force the truth from him." He entered the inn, sought the landlord, and demanded to see Lord Adlowe.

"His lordship went away directly after you went out, my lord," replied the innkeeper. "He will not come back again." Grosvenor's face grew stern at this confirmation of his worst fears. . .

"How and where did he go ? " he inquired. "He went on his own horse, and to the north- ward. His lordship did not say where." "I suppose he went to the same place he visited last night," said Grosvenor' thoughtfully, having no faith that Adlowe had been "northward" at all. The landlord hesitated and smiled.

"This is market-day," he observed, "and one or two farmers says to me this noon that they see my black pair, all sweat, coming from Pencoed way this morning. They must have been mis- taken ; but whether they were or not, I got well paid ! " Grosvenor's mind was instantly made up. This remark of the farmer's was but the simplest straw, but "straws,' as the old adage says, "show which way the wind blows." He determined to go to Pencoed. _ _ _

To think, with him, was to act. He paid his bill, went down to the station and took the train for Cardiff. He changed there for Pencoed. The train on which he found himself on the shore line was an exprees. The coach into which he entered had already two occunants. He started when he recognised them as the Lady Beatrice Hampton and her attendant, Mary Fleck. Her ladyship put out her hand to him in smiling welcome, and motioned him to a seat beside her. "I am on my way to Hamptonwold," she said. "We get out at Pencoed, where the carriage will be waiting for us. When did you leave the Eyrie ?" "This morning," replied Grosvenor. "My guests arrived last night safely. They are now at the Eyrie, and 1 think the precautions taken have effectually prevented pursuit." The Lady Beatrice smiled comprehendingly, and breathed a sigh of relief. "I have been very anxious," she murmured. 1I have had many fears, but now, I trust, all will be well. I have stolen away from town and from my father for a week's rest near my dear ones. Lord Trevelyan is engaged in a wild search for the Countess Arevalo ' and Giralda, and at one moment he sighs and the next threatens. I believe he intends returning home to-morrow." "I have been to Dalton to-day, Lady Beatrice," said Grosvenor.

"You have? You have seen my darlings, then? Is Meggy with them ? " " No ; she was there thi3 morning, but left be- fore noon. Can you bear more ill news, dear Lady Beatrice? Adlowe has again obtained possession of Giralda and Fay !" • It seemed as if the tortured heart of Lady Bea- trice could bear little more. She uttered a low cry of utter despair, which was lost in the shrill whistle of the engine as the train moved out of the station.

"Tell me all," she whispered, grasping his hand. "Let me know the worst at once !" Lord Grosvenor hastened to narate to her all that he had himself learned from various sources, adding: "I feel a conviction that Giralda and Fay have been taken to, or near, Pencoed. I feel equally sure that I shall find her. Trust in me, dear Lady Beatrice, and believe that you will soon clasp your children in your arms !" The Lady Beatrice, under his hopeful encourage- ment, felt her own hopes re\ ive. "If you do find them, Paul,' she said earnestly, "You shall marry Giralda at an early day. I can- not guard her, situated as I am, and as long as she is unmarried Adlowe will pursue her !" Grosvenor expressed his joy and gratitude at this assurance of a speedy marriage, but he had not needed it to quicken the ardour of his pursuit or the keenness of his search. _ _ _

"If you rescue them, lodge them safely in Pen- coed," said the Lady Beatrice, "and let me know at once." Grosvenor promised. The journey to Penceed was speedily accomplished, and the travellers alighted. The Hampton carriage was in waiting, and good Meggy Fleck, her vail down, stood near in waiting for her mistress and sister. Leaving the Lady Beatrice to hear Megg's story, Lord Grosvenor strolled up the street towards the inn. "Perhaps I was foolish," he thought, "to heed the simple and easual mention of this place by a farmer. Gira.lda's prison may be halfway to Dalton, or in Entirely another direction. And perhaps," he added, " the mention of Pencoed was a clue thrown clirectly into my hands by a kind Provi- dence. I shall soon know." He continued his walk, proceeding slowly. The sound of voices in altercation within a dingy little ale-house, as he was passing, called his attention, and he casually glanced in. There were three or four men standing at the bar drinking. One of these, a stout, red-faced man, already more than half intoxicated, Lord Grosvenor recognised. The man was Bittly, of the bluff-cottage! In an instant Grosvenor comprehended that he had been guided aright—that he sas near Giralda's 'orison.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Some Remedies for Headaches.

Dr. Andrew Wilson, writing on this subject in " Health," gives the following remedies, which will be useful to your irquirir.g correspondent, also to your many readers, headache b-lug an everyday occurrence : —Headache from brain nerres%ion, 1 teaspoonful of Bishop's granular hydro-hromate of caffeine in a half glass of water, taken while effervescing. It necessary, repeat in 40 minutes. Citrate of caffeine.-4 grains every half hour, in capsules if preferred, or triturated with mil' - sugar. It may cause sleeplessness with some people, if taken in the evening, but is preferable to guarana, as less liable to disturb the stomach. Ammornia chloride, 3 drachms ; acetate morphia, 1 grain ; citrate caffeine, 30 grains ; aromatic spirits of ammonia, 1 drachm ;e lixir of guarana, 4 oz,; rose. water, 4 oz ; Mix. • A dessert spoonful to he taken at intervals of 10 or 15 minutes. Oxide zinc, 2 to 5 grains, 3 times daily,after meals. Give in the form of pills. Nux vomica, grain of the ex- tract, after meals. If the case is one of chlorosis, add one grain reduced iron, and grain of quinine. Bromides are serviceable when headaches follow excitement, but are said to be likely to do harm rather than good when the nervous system is exhausted. Bromide of potash, 2 3, or 5 grain grain tabloids in half glass of water when the lace is turgid. Phosphorus, 30 drops of phosphoric acid (dilute) in halt tumbler of water, thrice daily after meals. Arsenic, 3 drops of Fowler's Solution, or solution of arsenite of potass,thrice daily , well diluted,after meals. 'This will he found especially serviceable in the head- aches of elderly women. Gelseminum, 3 drop doses of the tincture every half-hour will often relieve miracu- lously neuralgias about the face and head, and leave no ill effects. Epsom salt is said by Dr. T. Lauder Brunton, to be serviceable, either in the form of a full dose, to secure bri,k purgation, or small doses, taken twice daily, when frontal headache is associated with consti- pation. He also recommends 10 drops of nitro-muriatic (dilute) in a wine glassful of water, when the bowels are already acting normally. Soda bicarbonate, 10 grains in water before meals. This is most serviceable when fron- tal headache is high up, at the margin of the hairy scalp ; the nitro-muriatic acid being preferable to it when the headache is located at the eyebrows. Cannabis indica , 10 drops, thrice daily before the attack, is said to prove remarkably curative ti sick-headache in females, when the headaches seemed t..) be: or a hereditary character. lodide of potash,two grains diisolved in halt wins glass- ful of water, and sipped so that it takes ten minutes to consume it, is said to he almost a specific in headache of a dull, heavy character, situated over the eyebrows,and accompanied with languor, chilliness, general dif.com- fort, and distaste for food, approaching to nausea. Oil of peppermint.—The Chinese oil may be used by wetting a needle with it, and drawing the point slowly across the forehead; a sense of coolness along the track of the needle follows, and in many cases the headache quickly disappears. Hot water, applied by means of a towel or flannel to the head. In using this remedy, it must be rernenibered that the water should be as hot as can be well borne. Dr. Newton Pitt, of Guy's Hospital, London, writes on headaches as follows : Hernicrania (one-sided headache).—Origin in the ce'ls of the cerebral cortex. Treated by taking thoughts from centre of headache: cold baths to be administered sum- mer and winter. For attacks: Antipyrin. 10 grain ; aromatic spirits ammonia, 15 drops! or acid hydrobro- mic (dilute). 15 drops, thrice daily. Frontal Headache.—Origin : Insufficient exercise, in- sufficient food, insufficient rest. Treatment . Rest, medicines as in bemicrania, followed up with tincture nux vomica and nitro-muriatic acid (dilute) ; change of air.

• Constant Headache.—Treatment: Extract cannabis indica, to grain in a pill, thrice daily ; tonics. Elec- tric current to be us,erl I requently.

"WELL PLAYED, 11-6110-0-EA."

A friend writing a personal letter concludes with the following : "This is from one of my small school boys after describing all his walks and runs on Saturday last —1 My hocks (or whatever they call the back of the knees), got stiffer and stiffer, and when I was getting into bed I found I could hardly move, and so I managed feebly to reach the place where the Homocea lives, and put some on my leg, and to-day it is perfectly well, Well pllyed, Homocea " HOMOCEA. v. BRUISES.

Mr. Thomas fidlait-,—of the Liverpool Evangelsation Society, residing at Clifton Terrace, Birkenhead, says his son got a severe blow just over the eye,with a cricket ball, causing muck swelling and discolouration. Be had it at once rubbed well with Homoeea afterwards apply- ing it as a plaster. This was at night. Next morning the swelling was greatly rvduced, and by the evening there was hardly a sign of the bruise.

INFLAMED FOOT AND ANKLE. NORTIIMARSTON VICARAGE, BUCKS.

Sir,—Your" Homocea " has cured an inflamed foot of mine, which caused me great pain and almost Imbed me for a while. It has since completely relieved a friend's ankle, owing to which, till he tried your Ointment, he walked with extreme difficulty. Yours sincerely, S. B. JAMES, D. D.

LORD COMBERMERE says HOMOCEA did him mor good than any embrocation he had ever used lor rheu matism.

LORD CARRICK writes : " I wish to testify to the good hand of God my Father upon me, in blessing your " Bomocea "in healing me of bleeding piles."

Remember that " HOMOCEA INSTANTLY TOUCHES THE SPOT.'

===== 0002601_18950105_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XLIX.

LORD GRoSVENOR TO THE •RESCUE. My heart is firm: There's uaugnt within the compass of humanity But I would dare and do. SIR A. HUNT. On beholding Bittly in the ale-house, Lord Gros- venor'e resolution was taken at once. He would watch and follow him. He felt a conviction which no reasoning could either strengthen or weaken, that Bittly had coins to Pencoed to be of service to Lord Adlowe, and that by following him he should arrive at Giralda's prison. He slouched his hat over his face, pulled up his coat collar, and walked up and clown the street, keeping a vigilant eye upon the ale-house door. Occasionally he went close to it and looked in. During the progress of his self-imposed vigil the evening came on, and the lamps were lighted in the shops. The keeper of the ale-house caine out and lighted a great red lantern over his door, and lights gleamed from his windows, and sounds of merri- ment issued from his establishment. Growing uneasy and anxious, Lord Grosvenor at length entered the ale-shop, and called for a glass of beer. While it was being drawn he employed his eyes to good purpose. The shop Was an ordinary specimen of ite class. The floor was covered wtth saw-dust ; the counter laden with bottles and an array of tumblers. On the side oh the room opposite the bar were several sniall tables, and about these men were congre- gated with drink mild pipes. Through the curl;ng smoke Lord Grosvenor dis- cerned Bittly, now quite iutoxieated and helpless, his head drooping ou his breast, his figure leaning heavily against his nearest neignhour, who was in little better condition. The confined and tainted air of the place nearly made Lord Grosvenor ill. He paid for his ale and made a feint of sipping it, still keeping his gaze upon the nearly unconscious Bittly. The ale-house keeper's glances followed his. "A little overcome, sir," he said, with a smile. "He doesn't live in town, sir. I shall have to make him up a bed for to-uight. He seems to have plenty of money." As he concluded, the landlord summoned an assistant, and gave orders that Bittly should be housed for the night. Grosvenor set down his glass and went out into the fresh air of the street. "I cannot follow him to-night," he thought, dis- appointedly. "I could not question the landlord, lest he tell Bittly in the morning, and so put Giralda's jailers on their guard. I must wait till morning." With a sigh he took his way to the inn. At daybreak he was astir again, and as soon as the shops began to open he was back. at the ale- house. He found the landlord behind the bar, arranging bottles, but the room had no other occupant. Calling for a glass of ale, he carelessly inquired after the inebriate of the previous night. "Oh, that man 1" said the landlord, sociably, "he's a stranger here, and knows enough to keep a close tongue between his teeth. •He likes a glass pretty well. I don't know where he lives, but he said he should be back again to-night. He has taken a fancy to some of our jolly fellows." "I should think," remarked Grosvenor, "that he would hardly get away before night, judging from the condition he was in last evening " Oh, he was off before daylight, sir, returned tht; " hfs wife, I shouldn't werdiers,P:

rosvenor concealed his feeling of disappoint- rnslnt, and went back to the inn to make inquiries there concerning any house newly let, or any strangers who might have recently come to the

place: His inquiries proved to be vain and useless, no one being. able to give him any information. Nothing remained, therefore, but to wait for Bittly's next visit to the ale-liouse, and to keep a more vigi- lant watch upon his movements.

The day being on his hands with nothing to do, Lord Grosvenor rode down to Ilamptonwold, spend- ing several hours with the Lady Beatrice, whom he found dispirited and gloomy. She informed him that a painful sense of bereavement haunted her in every moment, sleeping or waking, and that, un- able to bear it longer, she had written to her hus- band to pay her a secret visit, bringing Rupert with him.

"I may be indiscreet," she said, with a passion- ate tremor of her voice that went to Grosvenor's heart, "but I am nervous, and troubled, and care- worn. I have told Geoffrey to meet me in the little Persian summer-house to-morrow morning at ten. He will be there. Oh, that we might die there together, and end all this vain and terrible struggle 1" "Say not so, dear Lady Beatrice!" exclaimed Grosvenor, smiling. "The meeting will be a little secret romance, without danger or peril. I will bring Giralda and Fay to share in it." The Lady Beatrice looked at him, her gloomy eyes transfigured with a sudden and glorious light. She had been mourning for her lost children, and had become unusually despondent. Grosvenor's promise made her actually radiant. "Bring them to me ! " she exclaimed, "and all this burden of care will drop from me. I want to look in Giralda.'s eyes and see that she is still bright and hopeful. I want to clasp my boy—my youngest boy—to my bosom, and let him nestle there as he used to. Then my courage and hope fulness will come back, and I can feel strong to do and bear again 1 " "They shall be here," declared Grosvenor, solemnly. "We will have a little family reunion to-morrow morning. I will bring Giralda and Fay here unseen."

"We cannot be too careful," rejoined the Lady BetArice, her face again clouding. "After I had dispatched my letter, to the Eyrie, I received a note from my father that he and Lord Trevelyan would be here to-day, and that the marquis was in a very disconsolate mood, and had been induced to visit Hamptonwold a day or two. Ido not want to be rash, but I have trodden on the brink of dangers so long that I have grown careless of them.'

Lord Grosvenor encouraged her ladyship with his bright hopefulness, and when he left her in the afternoon she was in a much brighter mood. It was sunset when he re-entered Pencoed.

It was twilight when he again took up his station in front of the ale-house. __ _ _ _

Bittly was not there. . The young lord knew well that Mrs. Bittly was a virago, and that her vixenish qualities were always greatly excited by her husband's intemperate habits and he feared that his man would not make his appearance that night. In this he was mistaken. He was working him- self up into a desperate mood, when Bittly came swaggering down the street, and strode into the ale-house with the air of one who feels himself a monarch.

"He has been taking something already," thought Grosvenor. "Alter being out so long last night I believe he'll go home early to-night. He wouldn't dare repeat his offence so soon." Events proved that he was right. An hour or two passed, during which the mer- riment waxed high in the ale-house, and the young lord paced to and fro impatiently, first on one side of the street, then on the other, his tall, slight figure closely mnffied, and his hat drawn down over his noble, high-bred, anxious face. And then came his reward.

Bittly, swaggering, and talking loudly, came out with a companion, and the two reeled up the street

arm in arm.

Lord Grosvenor, his heart beating high, followed close behind. them. _ _ _ _

The men paused near the outskirts of the place and had a short colloquy, after which they parted ; with a burst of maudlin sentiment, Grosvenor con- waling himself in.the shadow of a gate-way. Then Bittly struck out on one of the country roads, reeling and singing snatches of bacchanalian songs, Grosvemz keeping near to him. In this way nearly three miles were traversed. They had come within sight of the house where Giralda and Fay were confined, and Lord Grosvenor was regarding it earnestly and curiously, some in- stinct telling him that he was near Giralda's prison, when Bittly suddenly deposited himself on the round in the shadow of a hedge, and fell to weep- ing and moaning in a maudlin manner. Grosvenor came up to him. "What is the matter, my man ?" he demanded. Bittly was too much intoxicated to recognize his Lordship, whose features were still half-concealed, or to feel any su, prise at his salutation. " noth'n !" he returned, tearfully. g‘ That is, 'tan't none o' yonr business, as nobody knows on. Le'me 'lone! G'way !" "But if I could help you," suggested Grosvenor, jingling a handful of silver. Bittly raised himself on his elbow with a momen- tary display of eagerness, and then he sank back, grumbling: " Don't want no money, no nothing I Wish was back •t Little Grosvenor, hanged 'f dont ! 01' woman scold, scold, scold! Wish was dead and done with 't !" and he snivelled. Lord Grosvenor saw that the dread of impending evil was strong with the man. Where do you live ?" he asked. Bittly cocked his eye knowingly, gave his hat a push on one side, and looked suspiciously at his questioner. The next moment the liquor he had taken overcame his caution, and he answered, with another burst of tears: • "Over there !" indicating with an unsteady fore- 4nger the house Lord Grosvenor had noticed. "Dog's life! Go out jolly, have good time, catch it when get home! Wish was laid in my narrer grave, with a weeping wilier dropping leaves on to me. Life an't no object!' Grosvenor thought a moment. He was deter- mined to effect Giralda's rescue that very night; but how? He considered the idea of going back to Pen- coed, and procuring assistance and effecting the rescue by force, but he discarded it speedily. Such a course would only provoke a gossip and a scandal, which to say the least would be highly injudicious, the more especially as the Earl of Hampton anti the Marquis of Trevelyan had al- ready arrived in the neighbourhood, and were now at Haniptonwold. He thought of waiting till morning, and going to the house disguised as a pedlar, but clearly he would gain nothing by that. No pedlar would, of course, gain access to the captives. No; it was plain that he must move quickly, and on this very night. In a brief space he had thought out a• course of action. Bittly had sunk down into a sort of drowsiness, quite oblivious of his interlocutor. Lord Gros- venor touched him with his foot, partially arousing him. ' "See here, my man !" he exclaimed. "I want to make a temporary exchange with you. Lend me your coat and hat and muffler, and you shall have my top-coat, which is a fine, thick one, ad a sovereign besides." "Makes no difference," replied Bittly, drowsily. "Where's the money?" Interpreting this as a consent, Grosvenor re- lieved the man of the garments he had mentioned, substituting his own hat and top-coat upon the limp and lifeless figure, Bittly all the while whin- ing and protesting. "Can't you le'rne 'lone?" he snivelled. "Wakin' honest man up this hour the night? Have the law on you. Never had no peaae my life since day was born. Always trouble. Always knocked about like mislle old tenpin. G'way !" The exchange of garments being effected, Lord Grosvenor permitted the man to relapse into drowsiness while he put on over his own the gar- ments he had borrowed. Bittly was about as tall as himself, but stouter. Having on two coats, however, Lord Grosvenor exhibited very near the amplitude required to eilect a resemblance. The old ragged woollen muffler tied twice about his neck and over the chin, as Bittly had worn it, end the old, worn, slouched hat, with its torn brim' pulled over his face, made him look startlingly like the man to Whom they beLonged. not ebiliv, beim,- on the contra,-.:. quite warm for April. Yet Lord Grosvenor covered I the recumbent, sleeping man carefully, laid his own hat closer over his face to screen it from the dews, and then gloved at a quick pace toward the house.

-As he went along he put his hand in Bittly's coat- pocket, and discovered a home-key. "So far, good ! " he mentally ejaculated, his spirits rising. "I can enter the house at will. The rest I shall leave to the emergency." As he came nearer to the dwelling he eyed 1111-ninto cloaely marking tha boaasil uwer

5. All hope of comfort in my home bad died lJrtLl the MATOTILFTSS Chß NSHit :AMP T tried'

E PLAGUE OF Lii‘

A "Little Cough." THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A "Little Cough.:oo of Which may be CURED now by the IMPdEDIATH ."• 4.. & HALL'S 1 UNG -R FOR INFLUEN ESTORER 1A r'3 -1-5., Registered AND ALL Clignalg I UNG AND Till' -I p ESTORER COMPLAINTS. niCOSA 1 t Never Fails. It POSSESSESvan r-. os- to SOOIIIE, fl Ea tlei 1 UN CII HEEL, which exists ...- -1-4 RESTORER other preparation. , FOR COUGHS ; 1 UNG ou o°' pESTORER 10 _LC Never Falls. It NEVER F tILi Y.° INSTANT i UN(.-I 2-4 RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE 170' IS A SOOTHING LUDE TO THE C LUNG RESTORER INDUCES SOO' Calm and Refreshing' . 0 1 UNG ESTORER coati i DOES NOT -I-4 R . ' - Never Fails LAUDANUM 0 MORPHIA.

r UNO Fort WHOCrINO 0 1. RESTORER 00 g ,100' ON I -W\(4 RESTORER Never Fails. IT ACTS LIKE Children like TOY. ONE 1.1 Q 1 BO e...12D.

HALL'S LuN"RESTO PER PROVES ITS .--,llichjiw' Registered ESTABLISHED 40 3-- GIVES INSTANT NEVER N g VAII RELIEF. FAILS.

AROg. '4EXTUACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS 13S-,dou. tp Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, CrTeoeed $0 To Mr. Tfroi.lf &Lr..—" DEAR Sic, —I am, fp testify to the great benefit derived from the use 0, .niart“l..el• uFs.annut, which I laAve given to s..)ver)ti my Rome—in two cases particularly its effects v.:ti'rj", hiving cured most obstinate (loughs. I to recommend it to all my friends "

CAUTIO N. —When yr.,. ask, ,sk for a Bottl. o.fegylttl'4,l.rie LUNG BY:STORER, d 't be persuaded to accePt'ne 13°.;e• else. Upon the o!Osi,i wt'p,,er of every geng• gao" appears my Trade Mark (lie figure .of Hors) Beware of fraudulent imitations and innovatioua. poit-pl Soki by Chemists and Stores everywhere. I.s. IW. and 2s. 91. should there be anY "of l• '•"apy obtainiinr, it. will be sent carriage paid, on receipt o,ot for tie amount. from. THOS. HALL, 24, 4,21-let'3 steed., London, ILO.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1895.

110IfiN_WM

===== 0002601_18950105_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- , -z, ,

===== 0002601_18950105_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
,7-",

'That is her room," he thought, his face flush- ing with eagerness. "My darling ! She does not dream that I am so near." _

He stood at the gate a moment, his eyes upraised. A faint gleam of light above the boarding of the window told him that the occupant of the room had not yet retired. He was tempted to tall to Giralda, and make known to her his presence, but he re- strained the wild impulse, and walked slowly: and cautiously around the house, to take a preliminary view of the premises. The only light on the lower floor came from the kitchen --- a room much more congenial to Mrs. Bittly than the parlour. Lord Grosvenor halted at the window, and looked in through an opening in the shutter. M rs. Bittly and Wigby were within. A discon- tented scowl disfigured the hard visage of the foimer. The latter was sipping, quite at his eases a bowl of pinch which he had just brewed. "Of course," he was saying, his tones readily penetrating to Grosvenor's ears, "after being up all last night, and on guard, too, I shall go to bed t,-night. I am sleepy, and am not fit to keep watch, and what is more, 1 don't intend to do it."

Mrs. Bittly scowled still more fiercely. "1 never could stand it to sit up," she muttered. "I've been on my feet all day, and am just tired out. Bittly ought to keep watch, and to behave himself. I wish I had him here this minute." _

"I wrote to my lord this morning, to the ad- dress he gave," said Wigby, tranquilly, "telling him of Bittly's drunkenness of last night, IBS lordship will be along in the morning, I know. He would never trust a drunken nor a drinking man with his secrets. How do we know that Ba- tty ain't letting out the whole story in some ale- house ?"

Mrs. Bittly assented, again expressing a desire to lay hands on her truant husband. "I ought to have left him at home," she acknow- ledged. "If my lord comes in the morning, I shall ask to send him home."

By this time Wigby had finished his punch. Se now arose, took up his candle, and declared that he was tired, and should leave the care of the house to her.

Mrs. Bittly grumbled a little, and stated her be- lief that all would be safe, since the captives were- securely locked in their room, and expressed her determination also to retire.

" Nobody 'll get traa of the girl here," she added, taking up the remaining candle. "And if they do, they won't get the key of her room, which I keeps it in my own pocket, she added, deter- minedly. "Let 'em come 1" So saying, she withdrew, and Wigby also de- parted to his own room, which happoned to be situated in the uppermost story, and at some dis- tance from that of his assistants.

(To be continued). .

I

===== 0002601_18950105_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• .7 :A

'I

===== 0002601_18950105_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
"CA.PITAI,"

The Liberal candidate for the Evesham Division Will find himself strangely out of gear with his old political associations. His pamphlet " Three Acres and a Cow "had a preface by Mr. Chamberlain and an appendix by the Duke of Argyll. It seems un- necessary to add that the views of which it was the advocate were appropriated by .N 1 r. Jesse Collings. This was perhaps on the principle that brothers who are of a size may blamelessly use each other's shirts, trousers, and overcoats, for Mr. Impev may be said to be of the Chamberlain household, having a busi- ness in Birmingham, and being a Warwickshire man by birth. •

The negotiations for the release of the dynamit- ards continue. There is no doubt that we shall have definite news on the subject oon. Ido not bear that Sir William Harcourt has been wen over yet, but it is not improbable that he may be. The fact is that Daly is sure to be released sooner or lat- er. None of the others will he set at liberty. But in Daly's case there are special reasons which would .enable even a Tory Government to give way. All through his ease there was a suggeslon of police Provocation which serves as a legitimate reason for giving him a relaxation of his sentence.

Mr. Impey is one of the founders of V-- Old-age Pension League, the establishment of .ch is the ?float practical step yet taken into everday work- th.g machinery the suggstieTls of Mr. Charles Booth, Sir Walter Foster, and Dr. Hunter. I hear 'that one of the features of the Evesham elec- tion is not unlikely to be the production of a Working scheme, which will probably be introduced at the beginning of next session by private mem- _hers on the Liberal side, in conjunction with the Government. This, in fact, in view of the alleged obstruction of Mr. Chamberlain to the prompt con- elusion and reporting of the Commission, is the only Way of checkmaking such tactics. If private mem- bers can secure a day, there is no reason why Dr. Hunter's scheme, modified an amplified, should not be carried next. session, to the discomfiture of Mr. Chamberlain's obstructive strategy. On these 'and other grounds, I am convinced, from what I hear, that the Evesham election is going to be fought in the most spirited way by the Liberal Party, that the weapons brought into play will be many and effective, and that every strategic move of the enemy will be promptly outflanked. I hear that all the most active and best known of the county Radicals who won the Parish Councils Act and were the authors of its best provisions will go down and give much more time to this than to Previous elections.

It was not in Mr, Gladstone's nature to avoid availing himself of the opportunity afforded by the visit of the Armenian deputation to Hawarden to express the indignation that has been seething in bis brain respecting Turk6h misgovernment and -oppression. My anticipation that he could not long abstain from launching in public some of the burn- ing invectives he has been fulminating in private has been realised even more promptly than I anti- cipated. The strength of his denunciation of the Government that is "a disgrace to civilisation and a curse to "unkind" is in no way surprising to those who, seeing how completely the story of the Cruelties has moved him, were perfectly sure they Would burst the bonds of the walls at Hawarden, and that the voice never silent on behalf of humanity and truth would make itself heard to the World. and reverberate in the ears of the anything but Sublime Porte.

Matrimonial alliances between Europeans of any social position and natives are 80 unusual in South Africa that s great amont of interest appears to have centred in the marriage, at Ix, po, Natal, of -Mr. Ernest Beerbohm, a brother of Mr. Beerbohm Tree, the well-known entertainer, to Dorcas Dikiza, a young native woman said to be a direct descen- dant of the Zulu King Chalca—the Isiapoleon of South Africa. The britiv arrived at the hotel where the ceremony took place in a vehicle drawn by a team of twelve oxen, and was elegantly dressed in ecru sateen, trimmed with b.ight blue silk, and Wore a red hat. Her father, M!lkAa Mkiza, who gave her away, ware, as did the bridegroom, the conventional tall hat and frock coat. The wedding presents are described, in the customary phraseo- lody, as numerous and coitly, and the ceremony Was emphasised by the discharge of firearms and the throwing of old boots, rice, -&c., at the newly united couple.

The charges which the Armenian Association bring against the Foreign Office are applicable to The Foreign Ministers of both parties, and as events - in Armenia have approached their present culmina- tion, they are more applicable to the present Government than to their predecessors. But the association should complete its Armenian pro- Rramme. Suppose that the Porte refuses point- blank to make the political and administrative changes in Armenia which the association calls for, what then? Is•he to be compelled, and if so how? Does the association imagine Oat a European concert on the subject is in the least degree Possible? Will Germany stir a single Pomeranian,? Will France launch one solitary soldier? Will Russia send a single Cossack into Armenia, and thus enter into war with Turkey? Is England to force her ships through the Bosphorus and threaten lc bombard Constantinople? The association must Itcow that not one of these things can be done,that the attempt to dá them would set Europe in ablaze, and that so long as the Porte refuses to act, any attempt to compel her would he utterly futile Unless Russia were commissioned to take posses- sion of the province. It is going too far for the responsible functionaries of the association to accuse Lord Kimberley and Sir E. Grey of discredit- able and dishonourable acts, and to assert that the Present Foreign Office is a disgrace to England. 'The association must be definite, and say whether Europe is to declare war against Turkey, if diplo- toatie pre:sure fails to procure from the Porte the I very long order of the rts,,oeiation.

The refusal of the Freuee Minister of War to newspai.er correspondents and artists to "tee omp an y the expedition to bladagascar shows aciw tar France still is from being a Democratic itePublic. lis ren.son for the refusal—that the -saf,etY of the corre*pondents cannot he guaranteed of course, a mere pretence. The Minister's l'eal reason is the dioike of the Government to 'Public criticism and the watchful observations of bthers Powers. It has not been without s struggle Ilefinetimes that the English Press has obtained the Privilege of being present with the British army 1,12 war, amd it would probably cost an English 'ministry dear to positively refuse permission. The Pree h c correspondents who hare applied for leave • Lo accompany the expedition are no doubt quite as illing as English pressmen to take their lives in eir hands and run all the risks of the campaign 6 he shape of discomfort, hariship, disease, or the • "fenpons of the enemy. The French Minister will Dpbably be compelled to yield before the popular !ianiour which is likely to be raised, but he may be . gaured that whatever defects the ex:.4edition may Ilevelcip will find their way to the public in their &Wiest amplitude.

A. matter that is exciting some interest among 41itturalists, particularly zoologists, at the present 1311°1/lent is the discovery which M„. Dubois, of the M UPPLIM, claims to h ave made of the " miss- ttlC, link" between monkey and man. The examina- 2°n of the top of a skull and a femur of an tatiathropoid character sent to him by a collector in "a has brought M. Dubois to his conclusion. some r°Pies of his paper describing his discovery have ached London, and the contents have been a good deal Canvassed in zoological circles. There is a th,"3,.ttY general disposition to refrain from any oi:unite expression of opinion as to. the soundness „..(3therwiiie of M. Dubois's conclusions. It is ad- that Java is a very likely locality in which vu and new species of monkeys.

liuWhen the riPw prepri, Heathfield Park in h-118e2c walks round the estate he has just purchased --n° will find himself the owner of an historic though domain. It has long borne the reputation 4. including in its 1500 acres the sits of the battle - Which King Edwin of Northumbria lost his but the latest tesearches into Anglo-Saxon liters- flre prove this to be an error. If it was not Edwin's ;attil fibld, tradition has at least preserved in assert- :ng that it was an early English battlefield. But, c'n addition to this, it contains the famous Jack Nrie "one, which marks the spot in which this ;nald:lfireoniAge Radical mot his death. tater on it be- ,ltrine the property of the famous defender of Gibral- av_nt, WhOM it take % its name. It next, passed _Leto the hands of the notable publish..r of the last ury Mr. Francis New nery, of St Print's-church- whose name an attempt was lately male to if`lekw and perpetuate in a short lived magazine. Da.ep Present purchaser has antiquarian sym- a pretty good field in small corn- ' 71i1 which to indulge them. The proof of their

existence would be the exDloration of Slaughtev Common, on which the fortune of some Saxon King was decided.

It is difficult to see why the Tories should be- grudge the Liberals the rare satisfaction of wel- coming within their ranks the repentant Conser- vative peer. It may be safely claimed for the Liberals that they may have made no great fuss over the Earl of Buckinghamshire's declaration that he has emerged from the gloom am negation of Conservatism into the bright hepetulness of the Liberal creed. Yet surely the event is rare enough to justify some little jubilation, and even Toryism, one would think, may well spare one of its redun- dant peers for the sake of demonstrating to in- credulous Liberalism that at least good things may come off the Conservative benches. But then it is not every peer who has the blood of John Hampden in his veins. His lordship's motto—" There is no going back "—is significant, as indicative of the ir- reversible character of his decision.

In a Sussex uparish not far from the Kentish border the curate came out as a candidate for the Parish Council, and deteated his ecclesiastical superior, with the result that his resignation has been sent in.

*RUNCORN IMPROVEMENT

===== 0002601_18950105_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
d. _....., F

3. Catt I i°

DO. YO•411°.

too: to e 0" L • I)" 10 irou,el- 001.0 t.

9 4YlAtitto o,°tite• rto. • Ilottlett; Let°

I

- •

'• . . _ . . ,

===== 0002601_18950105_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMISSION NI RS.

THE FINAL MEETING

The Runcorn Board of Improvement Commissioners held their last meeting on Friday. Mr. S. Taylor, J. P, occupied the chair, and there were also present. Messrs. E. Imison, W. Collier, J. W. Lightburn, J Pritchard, D. Bisbrown, J. Meadoweroft, W. Flankinson, F. A. Lake (law clerk) and E. Marshall (secretary and account- ant.) TUE COST OF 'FHB RECENT ELECTIONS. Mr. Lightburn asked what was the cost to the Poor Law Guardians of the reeeot election in Ruicorn. Mr. Lake said £55 was the amount the Guardens contribnt d towards the election expenses in Runcorn, hut there would be additional expenses by the Clerk. The Chair- man said the extra charges were about £23 The accounts, including the returning officer's elections ex- penses, were then passed LIBRARY COMMITTEE.

This committee's minutes contained a recommen- dation that 204 volumes as per list be accepted.—The minutes were approved of. on the motion of Mr. nankin- son, seconded by Mr. Imison. THE NEW TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. It was decided on the motion of Mr. Lighthurn, seconded by Mr. D. Biabrown. to authorize the members of the Technical Instruction Committee to sign a certi- cate for presentation to the Denartment of Science and Art setting forth that the buildinc, and deed of covenant were duly completed' PRIVATE STREET WORKS' LOAN. On behalf of the Finance Committee, Mr. Lightburn moved, and Mr. Pritchard seconded, that the tender "for a loan of £l,OOO by the P. Helens Cornoration. at 3* per cent., for seven years. be accented. This was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BUILDINGS.

The Buildings Com-m—iito9-rec-n-m-m--ended that the plans of Mr. Rowlinson. for the erection of sculleries to a num- her of houses in Irwell-lane, and also the plan of Mr. Hedley for the conversion of a dwelling-house into shop premises in Greenway-marl. he approved of. On the motion of Mr. Taylor, seconded by Mr. Hankinson, the minutes were passed.

RUNCORN LOAM-INTERESTING STATEMENT BY MR. LI(3III'RT7 RN _ _ _

The Chairman of the-Wane-a- Committee (Mr. Light- burn) moved that annlic if ion he made for a previs- ional order to aniend sectinn 32 of the Runcorn Com- missioners Act 1893, as reaarrls all moneys already borrowed and now owing by them under the Act of 1852 so as to provide for the consolidation or partial consolidation and repayment of such moneys within R Period of 16 years or thereabouts, from the 25th day of March, 1893, each repayment to he nea,de RR provided in the said section. Also that the provisional order provide for amendment of section. of the Runcorn Improve- ment Act. 1852, by emitting the incorporation of sectinns 57, 58, 59, 60. and 63 of the Town's Improvement Clauses Act, 1847. sons to enable the Commissioners to deal with the width of streats. passages, etc., under the Public Health Acts." Mr.• Liehthurn stated that, in addition to the loan for the nurehaae of the water worica, there were other loans for the making of private streets, but these would be repaid by property owners without incurring any charge on the rates. There was alsn a sum of £13.200 owing for the market, the town hall, slaughter-houses, hospital, materials connected with the making and cleaning of the streets, boats, horses and carts connected with the night-soil undertaking, and also for town improvements RA thought, that a very small sum fer an old town like Runcorn, and it reflected great credit on the Commissinness of hr-gone days. He would like to divide this sum of £l3 200 into three portions. The first one ef £6.000 which was borrowed from the Northern Assurance Company, was being paid off by annual instalments. rhe second lot of loans amounted to £5 400. and had been borrowed at various periods during 1889-93. These would berequited in atannt 26 or 28 years. Prior to the Public Health Act of 1875, sums of money were required from time to time, and these sums were called in at various periods, and other loans negotiated for, to take the plaee of the original loans as they came severally due. They had no evidence to show for what nurnnse these forms were originally borrowed as it was wrapt up in considerable obscurity, hut they were perfectly legi- timate. In 1886 there was an arrangement arrived at between the Local Government Board auditor and that authority, by which the slims than due should he naid back by annual instalments of £226 per annum. That agreement between the anditnr and the authority was annually confirmed by the Local Onvernment Bnard,and to which they never demurted until within" a month or so. They nnvo PO that the balance from that original sum—about £1 800 —ought to have been paid long ago. Their anthority'had no means of paving it off, except by levying a rate, which would he 84. or 94. in the £, and wonld he an infliction ninon the rate. Pavers of Runcorn. There wan. however, a counter. proposal, and this £l.BOO, and £5 400 shonld he con- solidated, and the averaee time -15 yeas—should he given for the repayment of both That, was practically the object of the resolution he proposed that morning.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
Homocea—as a pain-relieving curative lubricant—has no rival in the world of healing remedies for Piles, Cuts, Burns, Bruises, dz,c. It will stop a severe Influenza Cold like magic.

" HOMOCEA " CURES. EVERYTHING. LORD CARRICK says HOMOCICA cured him bleeding piles, when all else failed; that he'l ye some to, a'labourer who was lamed by a

)ne falling upon him, whom it cured. A woliur a pain in the elbow and could not bend it f( tear, and it cured her, and another used it f( lurvy on her leg, and it was doing her good-07 'ter closes from him with the words, "It is ' ,st wonderful stuff that I ever came across."

...ADY VINCENT, 8, Ebury Street, Londoi Lys : "Homocea is such an incomparable app] ,tion for Rheumatic Neuralgia, that she wish have two more tins sent."

LORD COMBERMERE says HOMOCEA did him more good than any embrocation he had 'ever used for rheumatism.

TESTIMONIAL FROM H. M. STANLEY. ....--:---- Whitehall, London. "Dear Si r,—Your oint- . ment, called HOMOCRA, ; I 4 :0 -0 was found to be the most soothing and efficacious unguent that I could ' possibly have for my frac- tured limb, as it seems to retain longer than any other, that oleaginousness so requisite for perfect and efficient massage. 1 . The fault of embroca- tions generally, is that they harden and pequire warmth, whereas yours, besides being particularly aromatic, is as soft as oil, and almost instantly ollifying_in the case of severe inflammation. Yours faithfully, HENRY M. STANLEY."

HOME REMEDY. BOYS' BRIGADE AND HOME, Newcastle and Gateshead, April 18th, 1894.

"Dear Sir,—llomocHA is everything that can be desired to have in a Home such as ours. I may tell you that I am more than pleased with it. We have had several cases of torn feet, through nails, etc., and in every case, HOMOCEA has worked wonders. For sores, blows, bruises, boils, and cuts, it soon makes all healthy again. Ido not intend to be without it in our Brigade Home. "Yours faithfully, "C. E. TomuNsos."

" Homocea' contains no deleterious ingredients, or such as would in any sense tend to render its use unsafe, even in the hands of persons utterly unslcilled in the application of hearing remedies." —Extract from HEALTH.

A

I e

===== 0002601_18950105_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TESTIMONIAL FROM BISTIO:

HIGH BARNET. My dear old Friend, distributed a variety of you reme4s among aftbete, natives, and among missioi Aries in Sierra Leone, Liberia Coast of Guinea Conk Country, and Angola, Sou‘ of Congo. I have use, HOMOCEA and have provi its healing virtue both fol severe bruises and flesh wounds, and also to kill the virus of mosquitoes and chiggoes (jiggers).—Yours very truly,, (Bishop) Wm. TAYLOR. American Methodist EfriscoiSal Mission,

_ • L- „

Homocea is a remedy that should always be in the house. People will get burnt, bruised, and hurt in various ways; el Cold in the head will come on without warning. Homocea used as snuff will check it. Remember / Homocea allays irritation, and subdues inflammation at once. Sold by Chemists &v., at is. z%d. and 2s. 9d. per box, or free by post from the Homocea Co., 2i, Hamilton Square, Birkenhead, for is. 3d. and ss.

P TAYL Iv . _ _, . ,„ r, -.- • -`-'.---.-, of ga cr, R lob sto fia t - B La BCI go rz let th .91 %.1 )1, 1 d 1; .5.f. ,% h. ed \ tdlll +i if. I r Xew , . sa, i • 4 ca t,o

I,

:o fo ml the

===== 0002601_18950105_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
E KA_MINER, SATURDAY JANUARY

Tn Oestion now arose, what would be the differ- ence in the amounts to be paid annually for the porpose nf meeting these loans ? On the 15 years ill sis i SU:::- Leßted bv the Local Government Bard, : the annual payment would he £386. Under tho n—sen, anon ;P. ;Tient for eight years they .youlu pay £406 per v r. hot after that period the amount wou!,:l he reduced to £226 per year until the loan was paid. The proposal sub- mitted that morning would give an immediate benefit to the town of £2O per annum.—Dr. Mangan seconded the resolution.—Mr: Meadowcroft thought it would have been interesting to know in what ratio the debt of the Commissioners had increased in the last ten years. He took it that there WAS a considerable advance on what existed snmeyears ago. It would also be a matter of information for the ratepayers to know when the £6 000 would be repaid.—Mr. Lightburn : That will be repaid in 30 years.—Mr. MeAdowcroft Raid he presumed that the • agreement between the Local Government Board auditor and the Authority was sim- ply a verbal understanding that he allowed them to meet the debt in the way they were doing.—Mr. Lightburn said there was no actual written agreemenl, but the audlitor had confirmed it for 18 years, and the Local Government Board had accepted their annual state- ment on the basis of that agreement.—Mr.Meadowcroft thought the Board should hesitate before it passed the resolution. It had never been considered by the High- ways and Iluildings Committee, and he did not think there had been suffieient notice given. He thnut,dit the Board should defer the consideration of the matter.— Mr. Imison said unless some substantial reason could be , brought forward against the resolution being passel that day, he should vote for it.—On being put to the meeting the resetutinn was carried. THE RETIRING ORAIRMAN.—A VOTE OF' THANKS. Mr. Unison said as that would he the last meeting of the Board fie thought it was a fitting oppnrtimity of formally recording the sense of obligation which they all felt to the Chairman for the capable manner with which he had presided over their proceedings during the year. He had had many opportunities of speaking of his many abilities, and any further remarks would he like adding perfume to the vinlet.—Mr. D. Bisbrown, in seconding the vote of thanks, said it would be ungenerous on their part to separate, without showing their warm apprecil- Lion of the services of the Chairman.—Mr. Meadowcroft and Mr Lighthurn also spoke in high term. ef Mr. Tay- lor's services as Chairman of the Board. The vote was paased unanimnusly.—The Chairman thanked the mem- bers for their kind expressinns, and for the great cur- tray they had always extended to him as chairman. The Board then rose. The minutes of the Board meet- ing, were confirmed at a later meeting in the day, held for that purpose.

Mr. Percival, ceconded hv Mr Hargreaves, and sup- ported by Mr. Td-y the Chairman, it a'a• unani- mously resolved th Mr. irer he th.• vice-chi irtnan.— Mr. Hargr-,tvps mo M . s 4 seconded, and it was resolvt•.; •iat Jo•i 11. • the cl-rx.—Mr. Tiley propo,-••, Peccival secua aal it was decided that Mr. J ,tin B. Holand, of Parr's Bank, Run- corn, e thp. trpa.iiirer.—lt was stated that the costs of the election arnoented to £l6 is. 81., and on the pro- position of Mr. They, seconded bv Mr. Carter, it was resolved that a demand for £2l be made upon the overseers to met any liabilities incurred. This would mean a rate of slightly more than t. i thee.

fourteen inch wall, and at one time it was feared that this would also take fire. Fortunately, however, through the efforts of the firem In and of Mr. Joseph Cross, the tire .was prevented from spreading, although not before some damage had been done by water. When rte.. serious nature of the fire bee tme known the whole strength of the brigade, with the exception of two men, were on the spot. Owing to the very infl immahle nature of the materials in the two storeys, the fire spread through the building with great rapidity, and before eleven o'clock a portion of the roof fell in with a loud crash. About fifteen minutes afterwards Mr. Johnson requested the brigade to save the end of the building nearer the top of Ship-yard, where there were three rooms, one above the other. One of these contained a large number of valu- able drawings, whilst in another (polishing mons) a quantity of oils, Sze., was stored. The brigade did not master the flames until aoout two o'clock on Tuesday morning, at which time the main body of the men with- drew, leaving in charge D-puty-Seperintendent P. H. Turner with six men. The building, with the excep- tion of the three roum alluded to, was a total wreck, only the walls remainiog. A north-westerly wind was blowing during the wh 'le of the time, or otherwise several piles of valuahle‘timber in the yard would have been &stroy-d. The principal or heaviest damage is to the machinery plant, situated on the ground for, and which was of a most expensive kind. The two storeys ahnee were used by workmen, and contained many valuable chests of tools, as well as a large quantity of furniture, some of which was about to be sent to cus- tomers. In the rooms were extensive stocks of fancy woods of great value. Those have also been entirely destroyed. The damage is estimated to be about £3,000, but fortunately the premises were insured. About forty men will be thrown out of employment, as well as other folks not engaged at the works. It is expected that a temporary workshop will be obtained in order that work may be resumed.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETINGS OF PARISH COUNCILS.

HALTON.

In the Girls' Schoolroom, Halton. on Monday evening, the first parish meeting was held. The chair at the outset of the meeting was occupied by Mr. Gamon. There were also present the Rev. G. D Wrar. Messrs. J. Stokes, James Looker, R. Hughes, J. S. Jsaeock, H. Reynolds, John AckPrlev. Wm. McCullock, Jeseph At- bury, Simnel Barrow, Charles Birch. James Randal Land Woodier (assistant overseer).—The Chairman hoped the Council would have pleasant meetings, and that the members would work harmoniously together through- out their term of office. He hoped they would sink all differences and work together for t e benefit of the parish.—Mr. McCullock then proposed that Mr. Stokes he chairman of the Council, and in doing so spoke of the fitness of the gentleman for the position. Hereferred to the fact of the electors haying placed h'm at the head of the poll.—Mr. Hughes seconded—Mr. Randall propneed I the They G. D. Wray for the position of chairman. He said Mr. Stokes lived too far out of the parish. When- ever they wanted to see the chairman on the business of the Council they did not want to go to R( ck Savage.— Mr. Birch seconded.—Mr. Stokes sail he had no desire for the chairmanship. It had been a matte" of great pain to him to see religion introdeeed into ne affairs of the parish. If this was introduced into the meetings he would he the very first tn put his foot down against it, —Mr. Barrow did not see that the distance of the Chair- man's residence need to come up at a meeting like that. The clerk would answer any wiestions.—Mr. Looker sail the present Act was to make things different from what they were. If they elected the vicar to the chair they would be in the same position as before as re- garded the chairman. —Mr. Jeacoek said the nrinelpai duties of the Parish Council would he'the Burial Blard and the charities. No one knew so moeh about these matters as the Vicar, and he should support the appointment of Mr. Wray as the chairman.— Mr. Finely s said he would like to ask the Vicar whether he sent letters to the Church candidates, stating that it was not his wish to be chairman, hut that it was the wish of the Church party that Mr. Randall should ho the chairman.—Several members denied this.—The Rev. G. D. Wray asked the chairman whether the question was in order, to which he replied that it was not—Mr. Bar- low asked whether it was not only a provisional chair- man that was to be elected until March.—The Rev. G. D. Wray said that was so, owing to a mistake in the Act.—Mr. Looker nominated Mr. Gamon for the posi- tion of chairman until March.—Mr. Barlow seconded.— After a long discussion a vote was taken, when it was found that seven voted for the Rev. G. D. Wray and four for Mr. Gamon. Mr. Hughes did not vote.—The Rev. G D Wray, in taking the position, said he had always taken it previously by virtne of his office, but by boina elected hat the Council his position was far stronger. —Mr Reynolds proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Gamon fe.r ths admirable manner in which h° had performed his duties as chairman at the previous Parish Meetings. —Mr. Barron seconded, and Mr. Stokes, the Rev. G P. Wray and Mr. Looker supported, and it was carried unanimonsly.—Mr. Gamon responded to the vote.—The nonintment of clerk was then proceeded with, ard Mr. Woodier was selected to the post. The salary to he paid was to he determined at a future date.—Mr. Halland,of Parr's Banking Co.,was appointed treasurer to the Coun- cil.—Tt was decided to defer the financial business until the next meeting. FRODSHAM LORDSHIP.

_ The first meeting Af the Parish Council for Frodgham Lordahip was held on Monday evening, in the Boys' Schoolroom, Overton, when there were precont. the twelve elected councillors, namelr—Nlescirs. Roynolds, J.p., T. Lewis, Jno. Dobion, Robert Shepherd, Henry Tyler, .TPR. Behhineton, sPn., John Ti rc2rPave., Thrpa. Hulse. J 'meg Percival, T. B. Carter, G ()me 011,41, and .1. A Davieft. On thp motion of Mr Lewiq, sPronclftd by Mr. Percival, it waq unanimously deeided that Mr. Chgq Reynolds, J.P., be the chairoan.—Thellh.irman. acknowledged the compliment.—On the proposition of

===== 0002601_18950105_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
FEIODSHANI TOWSHHIP.

On Monday evening the first meeting of this Parish Council was held in the Town Hall, Frodsham, when there were present all the chosen coUncillors„ nam-ly— Messrs. T. Earlato, H. E. Heywood, Joseph Corker, W. E. Shore, Jno. Moseley Williams, E. Ashworth, James Midge, Peter Booth, William Booth, Thomas A. Rigby, George Rodgers, John Barrow, William D. Ringrose, and William Youd. At the outset Mr. Charles Linaker took the chair.—Mr. Williams moved that Mr. H. E. Heywood bo the chairman of the Council.—Mr. Youd q3conded the motion, which wab unanimously carried.—Mr. Heywood thanked the Council for the honour conferred upon him. —A vote of thanks wa accorded to Mr. Linaker for his services as chairman at the parish meeting.—Mr. George Jones, the assistant overseer, was appointed clerk to the Council without salary.—Mr. J. B. Holland, of Parr's Banking Company, was chosen as treasurer.— On the proposition of Mr. Williams, it was decided to sign a precept on the overseers for £2s.—lt was then discussed as to the room in which to hold future meet- ings, and the subject was referred to a committee, to consist of Messrs. Earlam, Shore, Ringrose, Rigby, and W. M. Williams. The Chairman proposed, Mr. Rigby seconded, and it was unanimously decided, that Mr. Williams be the deputy chairman. This honour was duly acknowledged.

lot ENIIMPRISING REPoirrEa.—A lady residing at Hucknall Torkard has earned deserved gratitude by the communication she has made respscting a recent ex- perience. This lady is Mrs. Riley, who resides at 23, St. John-st., Hucknall Torkard, and a " Nottingham Express" reporter who had the enterprise to wait upon her sets forth tbe following facts in her own words :

"My daughter Martha will be oue-and-twenty next June. Up to three years ago, she had fairly good health, but then began to feel ill.Aa she did net seem to improve, she took cod liver oil, port wine, and such things. But her face was blanched, and there seemed to be a general degrangement." "Your daughter looks better now," said the re- porter.

"She is not to be compared with what she was even two months ago," replied the mother. "How do you account for the change ?" " My daughter read of the wonderful cures effected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I sent for a box, and my daughter took them according to the directions. There was a change for the better which no one could mistake, and which could no have been produced by any other means. If my recommendation will lead ethers to use Dr. Williams, Pink Pills and receive the same benefit, I shall feel grate. full."

Miss Riley herself added : "I had no colour at all. If I went up any incline, or a little off the level road, I could not get my breath. I always felt tired ; my legs were swollen, and at times it was very difficult to stand."

Dr. Williams' Pink Pill for Pale People are a perfect cure for rheumatism, sciatica,neuralgia, partial paralysis locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, nervous prostration and the tired feeling resulting there- from, diseases depending upon humours in the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills restore pale and sallowcomplexions be the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex. In men they radically cure all cases arising from worry, overwork, or excesses. They are sold by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Hol- born Viaduct, London,and by chemists everywhere (but only in boxes with pink wrapper bearing the fall natns, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People) at 2.5. 91. a box, or six boxes 13s. 9d. Direct by post from the Company at the same price. Never sold in bulk, or by the dozen or hundred. Any dealer who offers substitutes in this form is trying to defraud, and should be avoided.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE AT WARRINGTON.

On New Year" Eve, a most disastrous fire occurred in the cabinet woks of Messrs. S. E. and R. Johnson, Ship Yard, off Bridte•st. The fire was first observed by Mr. Stiorrock,, of 9, and 11, Ship Yard, who saw smoke issuing from the top stnrey of the building. He reported the matter to P.C.'s Amson and Marsh, and the latter at once ran to the fire bell to give the alarm. Superintendent Turner, with three men and the hose cart, at once proceeded to the show rooms situated partially in Bridge-st., and partially in Ryland s-st. They were subsequent!, told that the fire was in the cabinet works in Ship Yard, and proceeded thither. Shortly after the departure of the Superintendent and the reel cart, the Deputy-SuperintenCent followed with the steam engine Major, the latter being under the charge of Engineer Ratcliffe. When the works were reached by the brigade the fire had obtained a firm bold. Two powerful branches were got to work from the engine, one for each storey of the burning premises. Another branch was attached to the large main in Bridge-street, and was employed in preventing the tire obtaining a hold of the cottages in Lower Ship-yard, the occupants of which had become so alarmed as to remove their household furniture into the attest, and from thence into the houses of their neighbours. A hose pipe was also continually kept playing upon the rear of the wozd turning premises of the late Mr. John Cress, Rose and Crown-street. where a large quantity of valuable wood viaB stored. This building was only separated from the engine-house of Messrs. Johnson's works by a

===== 0002601_18950105_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON "DEATH. TRAP."

SEVERE SIRICTURES BY THE CORONER.

Mr. Brighouse held an inquest at the Police Station, n Monday, on the body ok Ellen Ashbrook, aged 13 oyears, who was drowned in what is known as " Bclton's pit," off Orford-lane, on the previ- ons Saturday. Mr. J. Lyon Whitile (town clerk) was present on behalf of the Warrington Corporation, and Mr. Stanley Fair also represented Messrs. Bolton and Sons.

Joseph Ashbrook, father of the deceased, said that he resided at 56. Forshaw-st. He last saw his daughter alive at Ireakla4 time on Saturday morning when he left for work. At dinner time she was out, but he thought that she had probably gone to see one of her aunts. Towards three o'clock he sent to one of her aunts far her, but she was not there. It was blowing very strong at the time. He did not think it likely that she would take away her life, as nothing had occurred which would give her cause t 4 do so. She was very jolly at breakfast time. Her body was brought home on Sunday.

Elizabeth Ashbrook, sister of the deceased, said that at eleven o'clock she went to her sister, who was play- ing with her brothers in the yard, instead of doing the household work, and told her that she would tell her father if she did not do her work. She replied, "Get it done yourself." Her father never beat her, nor did witness intend to tell her father about her, in fact, she did not mention the affair until it was discovered that her si.ter wag missing. Her sister frequentiv went to her aunt's houqe in Winwick- road, and had to cross the piece of land near the pit where she was found. The fence round the pit was down in some parts. _ _ _ _ _ . .

Emily Ashcroft said that she met her sister after she had left home in Orford-lane. Sho was then by herself, and said thathe,was going to Ground's shop for some kipper'. James Simister, 48, Forehaw-at., said that he found the body of the deceased at 11 30 on Sunday,in Bolton's Pit. A barbed wire fence suss round the pit, but it was broken in two places', for ab-ut four or five feet. The pit was about five feet deer', and the the slaps into it was rather steep. If the decavied had been blown in it was probable that the body w •nld have been found where it was, as the wind was blowing from Longford street.

Inspector Spinks said that sinne 1885 the following eight deaths had taken piece in the same place :—Aug. 18th, 1885, one woman, Gleahill ; gpril 18th, 1887, one man, Dykes; August 11th, 1889, one man, Richard Smith ; April 3rd, 1890, one girl. Littlefare ; May 21st, 1890. two men drowned, Forster and Watson: April 28 h, 1892, one man, Thomas Oldham, when the jury made a presentment that the pit he fenced off at once; aed the present case. In the prasenttnent of the jury in tbe case of Oldham, the jury recommended a sleeper fence.—The Coroner: Can you tell me how long the fence has beets in its present state ?—lt has been for some time, It. is difficult to keep the fences in that place-.—Do you know what has been done to do away with this death trap P—Ti•ev have been filling it up.— Is there not a notice on the ground stating that no more tipping will be allowed ?—That is so. Stanley Fair said that he was a clerk for Messrs. Bol- ton and Sons, who held the trace for Colonel Ireland Blackburne for 999 years. The firm required the water in the pit for their boilers. The pit was not more than five feet at the deepest part. It had been fenced round many a time, but the children round kept pulling the fence down. It was fenced with three rows of barbed wire about 15 inches apart.—The Coroner: Was it not suggested hy the jury at the last inquest that a sleeper fence should be put up ? Yes, it was.—lf thefence had hen put on the girl would not have . been blown in.— Mr. Fair : There is no right across the gronnd.—The Cor- oner. : I have already expressed my opinion upon that subject and I shall express myself again. What do you propose to do now that another death has taken place there ? We will fence it round again.—Row? Same as before —Why cannot you fill it up We require the water.—Why cannot you use the town's water? It is more ,xnenap.—What ia mnnev in comparison with loss of life. You must either fill the pit up and take the town's water, or rnu must allow the pit to remain, and allow other folks to he drowned, I should not hesitate What to do if I was the owner of the property, and had eeeh a presentment as was given at the last inquest. I should not have been able to have slept in my bed until the nit was filled up, and if another death had taken place, I should consider I was guilty of a crime. It was Owing to the bld fence that the girl has lost her life.—Mr. Fair: It is knocked down by people about.

—The Coroner : It is not the fence that the jury suggested.

Mr. Brighouse then asked the Town Clerk what he had to sac on behalf of the Warrington Corporation. Mr. Whittle said that the Corporation had been in negotia- tion with 'Messrs. Bolton and Sons for the purchase of the ground on which the pit stood, for the purpose of providing a recreation ground, but the conveyance had not yet been executed. As soon as the Corporation be- came owners of the land they would immediately fill up the pit. He expected they ix ould come in possession in about three weeks time.

The Coroner said that it would be a lamentable thing if fore those three week= expiri,d another case would have to be hlquired int.). Could not the Corporation and Messrs. Bolton awl Sons arranze matters so that the pit could be filled up the next morning, and thus begin the new year well ?

The Town Clerk said that he was prepared to do so if Messrs. Bolton and Sons would allow them to come upon the land. Mr. Fair promised that this should be done, and the pit be filled the next day. The Coroner then addressed the jury. He said that there was no evidence to show how the deceased got into the water, although it was probable that she had been blown in, and the verdict he would suggest was " found drowned." did not think it right to leave them without saying something about the loss of life which had takon place in that piece of water. Since 1885 seven persons had lost their lives,and now there was another. He thought that without trying to deal un- fairly with the matter, he must express the decided opinion that neither the Corporation of Warrington, nor the property owners ought to allow such dangerous places to remain in the h Tough. If he were the owner of that piece of water he would not keep the owners of adjacent houses in danger, hut would have the pit filled up. The town's water might be a little more expanse, but money could not compensate for loss of life. If loss of life occurred, he should have felt himself very much to blame. He thought it would strengthen the hands of the Town Clerk very much if he were allowed by Messrs. Bolton and one to enter the land the next day. The jury, after about twenty minutes deliberation.re- turned a verii,.t of" Found drowned," and also added a presentment that the pit ought to be filled up imme- diately. They were also ef opinion that had the pit been fenced as was recommended by the last jury, the present accident would not have happened. The Town Clerk and Mr. Fair promised that the pit should be fitted immediately.

x

STOP 3NE MOMENT.

"Oh dear, Dlctor, what will you recommend for my Chi ldre i's Cout;hs acid Colds ? " TRY.

FrUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT. BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure for all disorder, of the Chest Throrit, end Ling& It never tails to give instmt relief and dot.s not (tont du I,,ticianuru, Opium, or Morphia. _

ECONONIISE YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH IS THE FIRST WEALTH. • •-

------• All who are enguei in “utzioor and indoor oecopltioo. anti are especially e-posed to th, ever varying climate of Great Britain, Bit WISH IN TINIS I Don't tamper with Danger b.At go straight aw-ty for TUDOR I LLIAMS'

PATENT

BALSAM OF HONEY.

IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, and children It cores when all other remedies fail. It cures Cougns, Colds. Bronchitis, Asthma, Tiat ess of the Chest. It wires tkousands or children of Bron .hitts and Whooping C aighs. I, cures for One ihildng when Pounds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT t

If von natio a Cou4h. try it; if you have a Cold. try it ; if you have Bronchttih, try it. It loosens t Ptilegm au pro- motes expect.ntat In, prudules warmal ar mafort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when .)Li. h re lust nights of rest,

===== 0002601_18950105_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WA It II I N GTON.

THE ANNUAL VOLUNTEERS' BALL.

On Monday night the usual New Year's ball, pro- moted by the corntriiiisioned officers and yllunteers, was held in the Drill Shed. There were about 100 couples present, and the dancing was kept up with spirit until the early hours ofliTuesday morning to the strains of the Volunteer Band, under the con- ductorship of Bandmaster Armstrong. Bugler- Major Plinaton acted ea M.C. CAROL SERVICE ATTADGATE, On Saturday afternoon the, Rev. J. J. Lanham conducted a special carol service in the Chriist Church, Padgate. The members of the Church Lads' Brigade paraded at the residence of their Captain Hall, and marched headed by their bugle band to the church to attend the service. Captain Appleton was in command, and was accompanied by Lieutenants Blackwell and Granger. At the close of the service they re-assembled, and after a short menial were dismis.ed.

rSEWING MACHINES Hand £2 18e. 641. Treadle £4 4e. with handeomP walnut coven—J. and W. Durrox. 16 and 18 SankPv-et.. Warrington. —Advt

• PRRaTATiON AT BANE QUAY MISSION. On Fridsv evening week, a meeting was held at the Bank (limy Mission school, for the purpo4e of making a presentation of an eight day clock to Mr. Harry Hay, the secretary of the Sunday school, and one to Mr. Henry Edwards, also a member of the school, who had been married recently. The pre- sentation to Mr. Edwards was made by Mr. Pawson, one of the superintendents of the school, and Mr. Ashley, as representing the Band of Hope,madetbe presentation to Mr. Kay. The meeting was pre- sided over by Mr. T. Male, who, with Messrs. T. Taylor, D. Hill, and J. Monks, Jun., spoke in com- plimentary terms of the services rendered to the school by the recipients of the gifts. SEWTNG Msoarsr-s, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome walnut onver. —J. and W. Durrow, 18 and 13 Sankey... W‘rrington.—

.• RAILWAY EMPLOYES' DINNBR. The employee of the Latchford section of the 1.4 and N. W. -Railway Company held their 10th annual dinner on Friday evening week at the ChPahire Cheese, Latchford. A very excellent dinner was provided by Mrs. Ireland. After dinner the gnests prepared themselves for a smoking concert in the large club room at which Mr. Warren,stationmaster presided. The Latchford quartette party, Messrs. R. Grounds, Ptarkey. Atkinson and Brownlow ren- dered very acceptably several glees, which were thoroughly appreciated. Songs were sung by Messrs. Lunt, Hunter. R. Grounds and Short. A very en- joyable evening WA4 brought to a conclusion with a capital ventriloquial entertainment by Mr. Alfred Grounds. Votes of thanks to the various performers conclud-d an enjoyable entertainment.

ALL Honer Hon; LIVEN. hemmed and marked, free 'of oharge.--x. and W. Pu'r'r. Sankey-at., Warrington.—Advt.

EMMANUEL CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR kqOCIETY. The Emmanuel Church Christian Endeavour Society held on New Year's Ere, in the Emmanuel schoolroom, a congregational social evening. A very pleasant evening was spent, the various non-' tributicns to the programme being appropriate to I the close of the old year and the beginning of the new. In the course of the proceedings, Miss Lees, the recording secretary of the Christian Endeavour Society, ori behalf of the members drew attention to the fact that it was ju,t three years since the Rev. E. T. Reed came amongst them as their minis- ter, and referred to that time as one which would be looked back to with feelings of thank‘ulness. She also referred to the great blessing which Mr. Reed bad been the means of bringing to the church in commencing a Christian Endeavour Society. She concluded by asking Mr. Reed to accept a gold hedge as a token of their great ap- preciation and esteem. Mr. Reed, in a few well- chosen words, expressed his heartfelt thanks for this thoughtful and aft?ctionate indication of their regard. At the conclusion of the friendly gather- ing they adjourned to the church for the watch- night service, which was of an impressive charac- ter.

SEWING MACHINE:P. Han,' £2 18. 6d. Tre- die £4 4s. with handsnnr volnnt cover and W. Durrox, 16 and at Sankey- t Warrinenn 4dnt

ENTERTAINMENT IN ST. PAUL'S CHURCH

In the Infants' S,hool, IC-endrick-sir—et,- on Saturday evening.the penny entertainments in con- nection with St. Paul's Church were continued and an excellent programme was submitted, but there was only a poor audience. Mr. T. Morris presided, and expressed a hope that the Vicar and his wife would be able to get the assistance of the young men of the parish, to make these entertainments a success. He wished them every success. During the evening Mr. Morris asked two or three of the young men present to use their efforts to fill the room on the following Saturday. He promised to find the recprisite ppnnies if necessary. Mr._ F. _ _ _

• Ward rendered tyro pianoforte solos in an excellent manner, and Miss M. i-ciethurst was applauded for her songs," Twir,k.nham Ferry," and " Children's Home." Sfaster Bennett was cheered for his violin solos, " Maritana," and a "Gavotte," Mr. J. Par- kinson was very slypessful in his songs, ," The King's Own,"" The Fnrge," and " The Rivals." The Rev. 11. V. Piet caused some laughter by his rendering of the song, " Darkies Love," and he and, Mrs. Picot were well received for their pianoforte. duet, "La Rfvue." The Rev. A. 11. Townsend gni() "The Diver in good style, and caused some merri-

tnent with a'co-mic song. The programme !was j brotigh to a'Close by the Rey. H. V. Pigot pia, ing a flute solo, tor which he was loudly cheereg,r i, is. Pigot accompanied all the songs on the pianfr rte. AL. ;IntrsvlroLD trimly, hemmed and marked fr Id. charge.-3. anii W. Dui-cox. Sankey-at.. Warrington. drot SATURDAY NIGHT POPULAR CONCERTS. There was a crowded audience at the we lAy concert which was given on Saturday, in th Co- operative Hall, Sankey-street. Mr. C. AC son Holmes occupied the chair. After a few remitics from the Chairman, Mr. Joseph Ricbardgz9t? com- menced the programme by an excellgritly Effecated eornet'solo, "The Tiardv Horseman.thlph'ta7ned him hearty plaits. He also gave "Tti6 lAA Bose of Summer,' with variations, with equal taste and ' effect, Mr. Fieldhouse was especiagyAnceeessful in the rendering of his song, ~ 7. Ii tero,' and being encored be gave" The A 4 41* eopm." He also sang "Queen of my Dtkvo,,l Tte IFses Kenyon gave a mandoline duetrwitbimaiidi the audience was captivated, and for which -their recall was demanded twain and again. anitildtis retp7ded to. A musical sketch waR give!) hy ~afet4-sr . L. George and E. Wilkes,in which itt4olNrtner .who had composed the sketch, displairii4this m# al talents by the manipulation of a ktrgolnifm ~'. of musical instruments. Mr. Wilkes ahtiNol,4oricCtrp3- panist. They were accorded a vettitfikifleep- tion. and a special request was Towle that tOley would repeat their visit on a futurdrOtialiMion. IV Brothers C. T. and P. C. Kenyon were the hum4st and their wit and humour elicited repeated La . vociferous encores. Miss Flo' ranee s.4tc;April aim Kenyon were the accompaniments. ITA /rational Anthem brought the entertainment to a close.

CALDWELLS, LIMITRD, 60. Horsemarket-etreet, EARLESTOWN: Mrs. R NRROHANI. Sr. HELENS: R. G. BROOK, Wolverhampton House. • RUNCORN: H. BRANCH, 109, G-eenway Road. WIDNES: H. BRANCH, Centr-il Hotel.

" The Health and Vigour of an individual depends upon the quantity and quality of the Blood. When the tissues have been at work there are throw. into the blood waste products, and if these be not elimittat.d but (thr. 'ugh any cause) detained in the blood they influence nutrition and function and finally produce organic: disease."— The Humanitarian. In cases of tcrutola. Scurvy, Nozema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kind 4, the effects of Ciarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Th^usandli of wodderful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.— Advt. (5)

That:lne full of elm h.s. is perfectly clean, MAICHLE•4B CLEANSER'S been used, that is easily seen

WEEKLY ItENAT ON THE .ELEALTII OF WARR rN GTON. Week ending 2nd December, 1894. During)lhe week, which was the 51-(t of the current year, the following births and deaths were regis.tecrc j:—

. Births. Deaths. ' .1. tWitrrington 35 12 '"'ltatcbford 6 3

JO .104 Total 4l 15 ___. • _____ 14' lite excess of births over deaths was 26. The death- r4e,from all causes was equal to 139 per 1,000, against -Ir3 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 2R,6 the corresponding week of last year. The death- tra,te from the seven chief zyrnotic diseases was equal to 31 per 1,000. against 1.5 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 1.8 the corresponding week ot 1893. The ages of mortality were— , 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 1 2 1 5 3 12 -- 3 x

15 The deaths included-3 from scarlet fever, 1 from measles, 1 from old ace, 2 from tuber cular disease, 3 from heart disease, 1 from brain disease, 2 from lung disease.

The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever 10 cases, diphtheria 1 case, enteric 2 cases. Patients in hospital 12nd December, 1894 42 METEOROLOGY —The mean temperature was 434 Fah., and therefore 2.4 Deg. colder than the preceeding week. The maximum temperature 52 F.. was recorded on the 22nd inst., and the minimum temperature 31. F., on the 21st inst.

The Rainfall measured 109 inch. The general direc- tinn was N.W., the reading of the Anemometer denoting 895 miles.

JOHN H. GORNALL.

Medical Officer of Health.

An ex-supernumerary railway porter at Shepton Mat let has been arrested, chargen with having attempted to wreck a train by placing iron crowbars and other obstacles on the railway.

Look out. for the new preparations with high-sounding names. They are apt to be worthless. Do lilt let them lead you away from a standard preparation like Scott's Binnlsfon. No other preparation in the market is so good for wasting diseases lie consumption, scrofula, anwmia, or for loss of fle3h.emaciation.weak lungs, bronchitis, and wasting disease* of children. (1)

===== 0002601_18950105_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON.

NOW COMNINNDHD BY PHYSICIANS AND

SUJ(tho,

- - -- When y,tt are d'stressed by a rnis,rab;e cold, nose bunged up, threat so, , loubs acning, with a geaersi feelinz of smothering, a few d ,ses of the BitiSOM of Roney will clew the wretched symptons away almost, b 'fore you know it, There is nothing Ikie it on the tmirket ; it is thoroughly up to date: it trioi,les ,nto all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action.

JUST ANOTHRR WORD. When you ask or sou i for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM oF HONEY do not allow an yr* iy te persuade you to pu etiase som thug else If you no you simply throw off the nnine article and t,tke on with a false one. Wonderful Cures D Thousands of Testimoni Is to hanel irorn. all parts of the World.

:READ OF FURTIIER.I SPONTANEOUS TlisTiSfOlgy WORTHY OF YOUR CONSIDERATION. SIR.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey h•s prorel a most valuable medicine in our large family (e•ght children). As soon as a cough or a. cold makes its appe trance a dose of Tudor's Btlsam is at once administered, •Lnd his treatment is fodowed up until the cold disappears. B-fore using the B dsarn in 'ur family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by ttking doses, as directed they seem to suffer very little inconvenience During the short time the cl 4 is upoa them the action or the Balsam it marvellous, and the little ones take it readi:y and a,k for more. WALTER J BR fiTT, CM.,— Headtnaster Severn Tunnel School.

March 16th. 1892.

READ ON STILL FURTHER. WA Cardiff Chentht save :—I have larger sales for Pude Balsam of Honey than any other Cougti Cure,' That's the opinion of all chemists. PUBLIC MEN SPEAK HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THR WORLD. •

Dowlal. Merthyr Tydfil,

. - - Glamorgan, Jtey, 1. DEAR SIR.--I must write to say that your Tudor Williatng Ba.botm of Honey for Coughs is the best we ever had in the house. My boy David had a cough which shook bins from. top to toe, couldn't sleep at night for it, awl neither °mkt anyone else in the house sl 'ep hecanse of his barking. A few doses of Balsa% of Honey positively cured him; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID JONHS, ESQ., High Constable.

Sold by all 'Chemists and 'Pores all over he World I Is. lad, 2s 9d, an 4 4s 6d betties. Sample bottles sent post .aid for is 31, 3s, and Ss, frona the Inventor,

D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.,

MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE.

WALES.

pCANDESCHNT GAS LIGHT. WE GSBAOR SINTBM.

CANDESUSN T GAS LletiT

WilLi BACH SICITSM. NCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WRLSBACH .SYSTRM. SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS. SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAR.

SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

SIX VALID 'OCAS() ‘S MOH ITS ADOPTION. 1. It saves half your gas bill. 2. It gives you treble the present light. 3. Itean he attlehed to existing gas fittings. 4. The light is eloan, cool, steady, and brilliant. 5. It do s away with the impurities of gas. 6. It is pleas in', simple, and economical.

THE MOST PRRFRor LIGHT SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT. AT ONE•RIGHTH THE COST.

Prices and full part cnlars on application to the 101 l wing Agents: WARRINGTON :

===== 0002601_18950105_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

: • 't •

===== 0002601_18950105_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'At

===== 0002601_18950105_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.44 L

===== 0002601_18950105_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
_ Ebt " eranitner " Otrtei

107 LANCLSHIRSAnnCaEsaisz COUNTY LYS ff nApERts Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. TILE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published .1 every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examinir, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday afternoon ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday JL afternoon.

PREPAID 'ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following heads e.re inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, asper scale given below. SITUATIooNS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED. SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE 0 )NTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, LI OUS te,,, AND OTHER PREMISES To BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. It 27 36 45 84 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. __.—...------.--...

===== 0002601_18950105_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
otrbants. XL,

_ _ WANTED GENERAL (g 00 for Jauarysth o kelp given. —Ru..sELL Rival., Brooks Da,. Manchester.

GENERAL SERVANT, about 17 ; send r.ferences ; state wages.—Apply Miss SIIILLITO, St. Joseph's. Castleford.

ENERAL WANTED Immtediat.lpply FAIRER, 17 Jr Poplar Grove. Brooklands. Manchester.

WANTED Gen=rAl SERVANT.- Apply Mrs. WALKEIt, B,Mwood, Poplftr Grove. Bronkl,inds, Manche-ter. ences

GUN hItAL Servant, go d W ANTED,OO r. required.-5, Urgent-road, Water-areet end, 31anches-

ter. 1100 K and HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS —WANTED by ‘../ January 16th.—Apply 5, Parkfield Road, Bradford, Yorkshire. VWANTE o.—Resneutable tidy jIIII4IL 16 to 18, RE ieneral servant.—Apply 53, Weymouth-street, Chorlton-on- Medlock Mar cheater. ---

lA,ANTED, strrng General SERVANT, able to wash ; with good references : another kept.—Apply 27, Hey- Nrood-st., Lheetham, Manchester. SITU AT 10 N WANTED, by YOUng Man, as Groom under Coachman. or single-handed ; williwg to be useful in isouse.—T. I. IFIELD, Roel, Winch°, mbe. (3rENERAL ABKVANT (strong) WANTED about 25, must wash, two children. 6s. weekly.—Address Mrs. Mtwow., -,nry Square. Ashton-under-I yne. -.4.411e superior SHIO/Esi. • Irlam-stree, -igsgem

lien

LADik,S requng superior SKRVA.NT:s should apply.— Miss HUDSoN'S registry, Irlam-street, Warrington. Cooks and I:ousema d waitresses waiting en nts

QlSt.VAiSin' negistry.--mrs. COVLNTRY, 41, Watergate street, Chester. requires Cooks, Waitress. Also severs good Generals. Mother's help disengaged ; has on her is two fir.t ela-s Coeehmen

AVAN 11111 a good reip,ctable KlittL SHRVAN I . ono who understandi plain cooking. wa+hing, itc.—Apply .or address with all pArticulara to H., 53, Portl.lnd-street, ',uthport.

Soul

ALI& and leli,CALli NUASES INSTILTIMON, IU, 1•11 Hope-t. Liverpool. Benin. 1878.—For Attendants, Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, -.apply or telegraph. " Nursoc"Uvern. ^" "‘ph

===== 0002601_18950105_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
-;,B4ittrO.

WANTED, to adopt Baby. flOO4 home. premium required. - Mrs. T. ORLY, Lairgate, Beverley

1300K4.—BOOK BOUGHT for Cash: towu or coon.ry.— J. MtiCEELL.3O. Long Ming,te, WANTED, Suffert rs from Lumbum or Dropsy to send 14 stamps fur certaiu cure. J. AsaWowrif, Buxton,

Chorley. WANTIM entire charge of clTild about 3, or would adopt ; state terms. - Mrs. BUTTERWORTH, Bentley Rail. , Bun .

-- • Address

,Crl' Mrs. SERVANT. experie.' WANTED. Apply to Skertchly, 15 Montnced ola Green. Eccles, 114n- chester.

Elton

_ WANTED to ADO? BABY (from birth if utoetioar3), Cnristi•ln h ru, pr,minm moderate, monthly or bulk, lira. GAL, Bak,s, Meiksham, Wills.

\lvillU or 10u1i1.32/..gi taider butler. ag. 21, height sft. 9;n.; good character, state wage..-- FA., Newby W take, Northallert

1,0 "U. guod piSta. under 33, no washing; V small finily; three servants ; country ; late dinner ; *wages glB to £2o.—Apply Mrs. COOKSON, Wing.tes, Wigan.

TOBACCONIST 3 commencing. hid. Guide (259 pages) 3d.--TonacCoMarB' Cu.. 186, Huston-road. London shop-fitters or an I ra.tes.—Mansger. HY. MYERS. Set 18f

• I Vtt.a.CUillai 1 '.td and tookm uommeuotag lIIOUIa 0.1.1 i or beh,,, I for our Price List. Competition deiied.—GOLDßUßO'f., Paradise-st.. Liverpool. Rstoblished 1850. E DUCAT- to-NAL—lnspectors of Wen; hts and Measures. alhe Candidates ood for Hoard of Trait examination. Write R,isineos Academy, College-street, Rotherham. G',D PAY, PER NEARER'. EMPLoYMRNT.S-PBti•-10N Persons (rvale and female) under 22 wishing to secure sitastions having .these advantages should a dress I IT' S 11,, Rillbrow-vlllas, East Finchley, Lonflon. , LIBERAL Wz,GES I.)r work spare hours, either sex. No sesolibg money before stsrti; g workers wanted every- where St-mpcd rldr-ssed O. 1, f. opP for rep y.—GILBEE: MITCIIIM 66, AN et.twood-st., Petelborocn,h.

FOREIGN STA IPS.—CoI lectors WAN TSB to semi ter 00 approval Selections. Several thousand varieties. Good lepecimens cheep. Collections bought. H.-femme or deposit lrequired.--TiVRROW STAMP CO.. 11, Chapel-walks. Liverpool. WANTBD.-Jto purchase or ex,hange Household FURNI- TURB of every description, in Urge or tan 41 quart I ties; pianos. sewing and wrtngig machines. Best prier given Prompt croh. —Apply JONES, furniture dealer, Market-street, BArlestown. NVANTED. wtthin easy distance from Warrington HOUSH, with geld, stable, de., for horse and cow, rent not to exneed £25; Phchpite preferred.—PArtionlars Titoxis COWDELL Estate Agent and Valuer, Scotland-road IChambers. Witriblitoll. price for parcell -

IiNT 010 F CLOTHES bought, best price -Is tor ..1-1 warded, If not approved, goods returned. —JAMES (Jot. -NAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 34f Delimitate. Manchester. D-HAND DitliSb SUITS, Military, Theatrtml,kialp. Uniforms and Liveriee for sate or hire.—JAMES Golt 3gAlf. New and deocnd-hand Clothes Dealer, 328. 328, ant, 248, Domisote, !Manohester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Solt. Plirfeelv new itt • third enst. prim, 'flu TUB DNB A YL011il) or either AUX tt OWOr 0 J.• r -/- A good living easily, honestly, and respectar ly 4a.rnecl. or you can Increeee your Income without hindrance to present occupation. Previous knowledge unnecessary. As suitable for t..ose in service as In any other capacity. Terms with .aulm-ret and inAructions to commence a once, P.O. 16.—C -2nnrcs,lB,lllannr-rosd, Grays, lissex.

ii

HIINSHAW.

HBNSIIAW.

ibIiNIMILMML--

===== 0002601_18950105_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
fßuciital inammento.•

SMITH. SONS. AND COMPANY.-PIANO and ORGAN WARSHOUSR. 34. OXFORD STRIIK ILANCHESTBR. PIANOS BY ALL THE OREM' MAKERS. KIRKMAN ERNST K&PS. COLLARD GOBS & KA.LLMANN BROADWOOD I HACK HOPKINSON BECHSIBIN, le. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 3ernos system. PIANOS 'from 10s. ed. monthly, ORGANS from ss, monthly, till /Aid for. Delivered tree in Warringt.m and Di triet on payment of first month" hire. Nat. Tel. 2445.

J. NAT• TEMPERLRY MUSIC SBLLER. 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stook. Arrangements made for Pirst-Class Orchestral Baud and Pianists. PIANOS on HIM. sm4 on RIRN-PußoHAsic IBSTI

BASHAW. PIANOS. RENSHAW. PI, HENsHAW. .23, Pice ',dilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. MARCH •• PBOFLICS 1510DHL,' seven octaves. t ull trichord, check !teflon. panel li front, iron frame, in veneered oases, £22 cash, or may be.htained ly easy payments of 12s. 64. monthly. Deliver, d free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from X 108.64. monthly, by all the leading makers. All 1 instruments sold by RENSHAW are fully war- rante i. 33. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. X Pianos tuned and repairedor taken in exchange. 1 - AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely 8 finished mirror cases, from se. 6d. monthly till. paid for. HENSHAW,being a wholesale dealer. can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers I II cannot do. HEN:II-LAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not want both money and instrument. A HENbIIAW supplies dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT W. RENSHAW'S, 83, PRCARILLY, MANCHEO- TER, if you can get them better and cheaper I elsewhere.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
- PIANOS.

--------- DIAN° SALE AT J. PARRY'S, 20, DOWNING-ST, ARD- I 1 WICK, MANCHEsTicR. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compass Semi-grand, by Broad wood £2 15 , Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano, by Stoddart 3 ID Full-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Schumann 7 10 FulLecanws Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Collard & Collard 11 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, I y Broadwood A Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ, 9 sets, 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50g 15 15 Piano A Organ combined, a grand instrument., cost. £lOO 20 0 Plano OrChestriou, self-acting, with music, cost £35.- 15 0 Several Organs by Bell, Etorey and Clark, briegepast and lamas, from £2 15s. upwards.

apartinints, jurnisinb I)ou6ts,szt

OLY WELL —Mrs. RIO 1 ARDSON, Loyole House ; very comfortable APARTMENTS ; close to church, holy well, and 'bus.

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS, winter months on reAsonallie te,ms ; board if required.—B. THORPE. 93, W.rbriek Road, Claremont Park.

Eibt=&tork, Cggs, &r.

1-10 la OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale ATICI retmil —lf ALL, 53. Peradise-street. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
obipping DAMN.

GUION L!NE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ADELAIDE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY LI STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large Uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF RIO TO £l.OOO. To Responsible Persons, on the Sot rowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE 1.0 Without Sureties. Delay, Law Costs. Pubiclty. Also on Deeds, Life Polici, S. ac., at 5 pre cent. Repayments by Easy Instalments Capital can remain atinterest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, And not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWFM= I?I,QUEnTED NOT TO APPLY. Full part cult., Irom— J. CAMI CELL, J.LQ, Manchester Chambers, OA, Market Street, MANORESIBIL

TIUR BOA, long. rich, dark, bushy Tail: new, Guaranteed perfect.—Coat 20s. ; will take &J.—Mrs. Antmola, 81, tilcester-rond, Ayl sbury.

1---1 RI FF IT H'S STRENGTH PILLS cure Nervousness, Jr Debility, never fail, 28. 6d. a box.—DRIFFITH, Chemist, Leamington.

"PLANK LANE COAL"

As sold for upwards of 50 years In Warrington District. THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY LTD., are SOLE AGENTS in this District for Messrs. ACKERS, WHITLEY AND. CO., LTD.,

BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, LEIGH. Depot and Branch Office, MARnON STREET, %.‘ ARRINGTON.

Burgy, Nuts, Slack, and every desCription of Fuel supplied Special Quotations to Manufacturers and Dealers. HFCAD OFFICE AND Telephone No. 19. GENERAL WHARF : Arpley Station. Reg. Velegracklo Aadre Warrin;ton. " Arpley," Warrington

===== 0002601_18950105_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
FEE EXA 1N EP SATURDAY JANUARY 5. 1895.

i+listrilaneous.

Wusi WOt )1. DAISY MATS, post free Is, P.O. (Home Work).—WiLso9, 269, Beaconsfield-street, Newcastle- on-Tyne.

FINR GERMAN CANARIRS, my own breeding ; full clear song; cocks 103., bens 2s. each.—RomissoN, Charlotte- street,

Co be Let.

110 LET, Dwelling-house, HopwoodStreet, four bedrooms, 1 rent 55. Od.—Apply, Asarox & WOODS. Solicitors, iforsemarket-st , Warrington. MD LlT.—House off Bews.y-road (3 bedrooms), rent 45.6 d. .1 —A pply Ashton and Woods, Solicitois, Horsensarket-st,. Warrington.

rro BE LET, Five large commodious S IiOPS, newly built. 1. in Bridge-street Earlestown, rent £26 and one £3O per ye *r.—Apply to B. CORLETT, Eariestown.

1101.LaE TO BE LET. 136, Wilderspool-road, containing parlour, kitchen, scullery, and cellar, and three good bedrooms —J. SMITH, estate agent, Legh-street, Warrington. HOUSE TO BE LET, 121. Bewsey-r lad, containing two entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, collar, and four bedrooms.—J. SMITH, estate agent, Legh-st., Warrington.

N'MBAR Dale-street.--- Rxtensive, Well-fitted, good business, Free SPIRIT VAULTS ; lease; all fixtures. &e., £l5O ; rental £5O.—R. C. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool.

DRINCIPAL Tho-ouglifare.—Suporior handsomely-fitted Free SPIRIT VAULTS. excellent billiard room and table ; all at £425 ; great bargain.—Apply. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-atreet, Liverpool.

VILLA TO LET near Wa^grave Church, Ne Williwa ; two entertaining rooms, kitchen, etc., bath end w.c., four be +rooms and garden.—To view apply to Mr. THOMAS WAYINELL, 179 Wargrave-road, Newton-le-W Wows.

DULLEY PATTBRNS, up to tour teet diameter, turned and I bored, loose arms, cheap. Address Box 150, " Examiner " °flick!, Warrinston.

3nlN. HAND.SAW, 9. 12. 151 n. durtace Planes, 15, 181 n. 3Ø IN. Hand ant Powe: Feed Planers, an.l several CirenlAr Saw IhNICIMS.--NV. WILD, Dean lane. Newton Heath.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HERBAL EMBROCATION.

,

OaIN bp Auttton.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Zpartmtnts, jurntobtb 340u5t0, Srt.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
S"THPORT. Superior A partrnent3 • Drawing room ; one or two bedrooms. Inclusive moderate terms.—Pdrs. BRISTOWE, 33, Avot•dalv-road. off ['manmade.

FOR BON-BONS, COS AWES, GOOD SWEETS, CON FECTIONERY AND OTHER XMAS NOVELTIES,

GO TO BIRCITALL'S, TRH BM nrvE, 128, BRIDOR-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F,,

=lea

,

===== 0002601_18950105_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Th E EX A 'MINER,

SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1895.

Tr:um seems to be a great change Disunited unienists. coming over the position of the

Unionists in the North of Ireland. The self styled " loyalists " of Ulster are not now the happy family they used to be. Discord is creeping in between landlords and tenant farmers, and the once solid,phalanx of anti-Home-Rulers is showing serious signs of disintegration. The cry against Home Rule has hitherto admirably answered the purposes of the small class of land- lords in staving off social as well as political re- form. It has often been alleged that the real I cause of the agitation for self-government in Ire- land is the land question, but it would be much nearer the mark to say that the intense hostility to Home Rule of the landed class in that country is largely due to the fear of land reform. This fact the Protestant tenant farmers of Ulster are beginning to discover. They, like other agricul- turists,. have been seriously affected by the fall in prices of agricultural produce. But their claims for practical aid and redress are not listened to with a sympathetic ear by their land- lords. These latter gentlemen seem, on the whole, to be disposed te insist upon having their full pound of flesh in the way of rent. This un- sympathetic attitude is chilling the ardour of the tenants in their antagonism to Home Rule. In some parts of Ulster, in fact, the tenants show a disposition to make co mmon cause with the Nationalists in support of the present Govern- ment and its programme of land reform. At some of their meetings they have actually gone so far as to call upon their Tory members to support the Government in this respect, and at other meet- ings the chosen speakers have been Nationalist members. Mr. T. W. RUSSELL, the Unionist M.P. for South Tyrone, has been bitterly assailed by the landlord party for having dared to speak in Parliament on behalf of the Government's land policy, and he has even been threatened with ejectment from his seat. But the tenant farmers are rallying to his support, and even an Orange lodge has passed a resolution ap- proving of his conduct and promising to support him "no matter from what quarter the opposition may come." The Irish Unionists may well be alarmed at these signs of the times. Dr. RENTOUL, who is well known to Warrington Tories,gees so far as to complain in the chief Tory paper of Belfast that he has not seen the report of a single meet- ing at which an attack was mot made on 801110 Unionist and "no attack whatever made on any Rome Ruler." It is now fully expected that a few more seats will pass into Nationalist hands at the next election, and, indeed, the next election may possibly see the complete break-up of the " solid North."

A writer in the "Manchester The Coal and fres Trades. Guardian who deals exhaus- tively with his subject, gives a rather gloomy account of the Lancashire coal and iron trades during 1894. In both trades business has, taking the year through, bees unsatisfactory. It was anticipated that the great cessation of industry caused by the dispute between colliers and coalowners last year, would have given a fillip to trade for a few months at all events. But these anticipations were not realised, and, as far as the coal trade is concerned, the writer suggests that the position has become even worse than it was before the great stoppage. A strong attempt was made, chiefly by Lancashire coalowners, to repress the wild competition which reduces prices to an unprofitable point, but it did not succeed. The combined coalowners were undersold by those who remained outside the ring and by competitors in other counties. One coal- owner after another seceded from the movement, and, of course, with every secession it became weaker and less able to effect its object, and it was finally abandoned. In the presence of a depressed market this combination was almost bound to fail. A section of coal owners—even a powerful section—could not regulate competition, and the assistance of the Miners Federation,which could have exerted a more extensive influence, does not seem to have been sought. The strike of Scotch miners improved the demand i for English coal, but not to the extent that might

,•,

d:tj

have been expected, and with the collapse of that strike in September the trade was again in as deep a " slough " as ever. The exceptionally mild winter has been another factor in the depression, and, altogether, the year closes with but a poor record in the coal trade. In the iron trade, too, we are told that prices have ruled low, and that all the hopes of improvement have been falsified. The trade has, it is true, had its fluctuations though not on a large scale, but the market has, it is said, steadily weakened. There is, however, one circumstance which is noted, and which seems to afford some ray of hope for the coming year. It s reported that while the Amalgamated Society of Engineers began the year in the Manchester district with twenty per cent, of its members in receipt of donation benefit, the number is now about ten per cent., and is showing a steady de- crease. Of course the twenty per cent, at the be- ginning of the year was largely due to the usual temporary suspensions for the holidays, but at the same time the fact that there is a steady de- crease of out-of-work members in this large and representative trades union at a time of the year when the tendency is generally the other way should not be ignored. It may possibly indicate that revival of trade which is ardently wished for.

IT is stated that about three thous- The Ship Canal. and vessels have entered the East- ham locks during the twelve months that the Ship Canal has been open. °f these jut over five hundred have been foreign vessels bound for Manchester. The first ail months' traffic was disappointing, but the pros- pects have brightened very considerably in the latter half of the year, aid it is expected that the next few weeks will see a further enlargement of the trade of the Canal. The report for the quar- ter ending October 31, 1894, of Mr. HILL' the Manchester Corporation engineer, which has been published this week, is satisfac- tory as far as it goes, though it does riot cover much ground. The days of reckless uncou trolled expenditure are evidently at an end. Mr. HILL reports that great care and economy are exercised over the expenditure with the result that there is a larger balance in hand. On the 30th June the unappropriated balance %co £91,807 but this has now been increased by the sale of plant and in other ways to £138,771 which can be expended as circumstances require. The year upon which we have just entered will be crucial one in the history of the Canal. If the upward tendency of traffic which has lately been witnessed steadily continues, it will be very fair evidence that the great waterway is to be a success ; but if, on the other hand, it prove to be but a delusive spurt,the friends of the Canal, and the investors in it, may well be apprehensive of what the future has in store for it.

Mr. Gransrown has lost none Of Eastern Atrocities. his old'fire when denouncing wrong and cruelty. A deputation of Armenians made a presentation to him onSatur- day on the occasion of his eighty-fifth birthday) and he took the opportunity to refer to the recent revelations of outrages on defenceless Armenians by the " unspeakable " Turks. It is close upon twenty years ago that Mr. GLADSTONE roused the the indignation of Englishmen at the outrages upon Bulgarians, and there is, as he says, only too much reason to fear that "the outrages and sins and abominations" of 1876 have within the . last few months been repeated in Armenia. If it be so,—if half the stories of hideous outrage that have recently been told be true—there are few people who will not agree with Mr. GLADSTONE that it is time. "one general shout of execration, not of men but of deeds, one general shout of execration directed against deeds of wickedness, shouid rise from out- raged humanity, and should force itself into the ears of the SULTAN of Twarcxy and make him sensible, if anything could make him sensible, of the madness of smith a course." It is to be feared that the Turk is irreclaimable, and that there win be no peace or decent government in the countries - over which he has dominion till he has been deposed from his place of power by a more civilised and humane nation.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
sal? CANAL.

REPORT EY THE MANCHESTER CORPORATION

LNGINEER. In a report for the qvarter ending October 31, 180* to the Manchester Corporation, Mr. Hill, C. E., states that " Great care and economy are being exercised over the estimated expenditure of the items which tver!t to make up the £526.414, arid it is probable that thin will have the effect of giving a larger balance te dealt with as circumstances may require. The situBtso is therefore rather more satisfactlry than on 30th Jima last, Rs the unappropriated balance at that date WO., £91,807, to which must now be added the sum £46,984, which has been received fer plant, 3t0., set since June 30,th us giving a total unappropriated balancm of £138,771 to be expended as circumstances 013,,Y;, require. This sum may be still furth u or increased savings on the etiinated amount of £526.414, as cloned above. Very good progn se has been made WI!: the repairs and furher protection of slopes, which are now fairly satisfactAry. But while, of course, Pr°g7,l has been made and damage stopped in most places, wear and tear have been going en in others. The sieDe' area very important matter, and I consider it necessarY that they shoal not be allowed to get into a teed statfa For all practical purposes the full depth can now be Ss' to have been obtained throuvhout the tidal and other lengths of the canal, and this now requires to be Mal tamed."

===== 0002601_18950105_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

WATCIINIGHT SERVICH.—A united watchnight Berrie. was beld in ths Primitive Methodist Chapel, Eagle-brocr, on Monday night. The Rev. J. R. Barnsley conductel and the meeting was addressed by several meatball ether churches. d NEWFIRLD INSTITITTE.—The weekly concert wits Me • - - en Saturday night in the Newfield Institute. The Bevil. T.Collins occupied thechair, and .there was a fair &awl._ &nee. The first part of the programme consisted 01! sacred concert, the second portion being of a miscellasr ous character.

da Si: Mal of

Tu to/

0 Pric

ate ace Fe

in-t Ind

1 Ulf of of 1 We Oh alai

td

, 14t Ila tei thi MI

It( sti }§4

- 11; ;

al(

tc, "11

- ( , i [ i, , 1 , 4 , 1 , 1. # , i , 1 1

===== 0002601_18950105_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPROVED RAILWAY DINING ACCOMMODATION.

nY The London and North-Western Railway CoMPs te. announces that, commencing on Tuesday, a seParlv. dining saloon for Liverpool will be run by the 5.30 P. train from Euston. This arrangement will obvistk necessity for the Liverpool passengers having to tritv'' as now, in the Manchester dining car between and Crewe. A new type of dining saloon, upwarti4 601 t. in length, and capable of seating 20 passeng' .:, be run by the same train from London to Manches_,,,,te Dining saloons will still run on the 4.10 p.m. train fr' London to Liverpool.

A NEW CARRYING COMPANY. A new shipping cutnpany under the name of tbde Mersey, Wearer, and Ship Canal Company, 01 was registered on the 19th ult., with a caP'"l" £20,000, in £lO shares, to carry on the busine"Th-e shipowners, and carriers by land and sen• subscribers are: T. Moore. Westholtne, Hartf°r - Northwich, merchant ; E. P. Heron. Aintreider cashier; R. Tickle, Tranmere, manager; F. Hera r. Higher Tranmere, bookkeeper; G. Anderson, pool, bookkeeper; H. Lockheed, Virinsford; caMe. ,T. E T,n no, he or R noon,. Vel*N Sufferers from Or vet, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in Or 13a6f4, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Ilidneci Bladder Stone. Sciatica, Rheumatism Emit Gout ream.. Cure in Holrovri', Gravel Pi I. Try a "nail b°llBo. if not Fatisfied sour money will be returned. Pri,o of Rll Chemists or post free fae 12 starring. frnrn Medi. al la, I. •. .".. y, • t' hse. weal w I.k. ibtiut ib ttOZ W". sent meat pest.-4dv.

4

a

pal kil Be thi

1

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

I

RUNCORN.

CAPTAIN RIGBY. This well-known Runcorn gentleman has now been able to recommence his duties. On Friday last he sailed in charge of t h " Hawarden Ca6tle."

IZACHRRS' TRA"MRETING AT RUNCORN. On Monday night, the teachers connected with the Ellesmere-et.., United Methodist Free Church held their annual tea meeting in the schoolroom. A Rood number of teachers were present. Au enjoy- able evening's entertainment was afterwards pro- ceeded with. Dancing and games were also parti- eipated in.

ST. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS. Mr. B. Kniveton presided at the weekly meeting of this cla;.s on Sunday,which was largely attended. !fr. J. Wilding gave a most interesting address on True Liberty." Mr. John Leathwood exceedingly Well sang as a solo," Rock ot Ages." Tos organist Was Mr. B. Crosby. COLLIER'S BREAD IS the best money can buy.—Advt. BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. A carol service was held in this churw: on Sun- day evening when there was a large congregation ,°lx carols were swettly rendered by the choir under ,he conductorship of Mr. C. Le Couteur. The pastor °E the c'iurch, the Rev. J. Simpson, delivered a aPecial discourse on" Memories of the past year," Which was greatly appreciated. CAROL SERVICE AT HOLY TRINITY CHURCH,

At this Church on Sunday evening, a number of ;arols were sum. The soloists were: Miss Annie I.llrlier, Miss Florrie Bradshaw, Mr. H. Turner, +taster Bradshaw, and Master Findlow. The choir :17as under the conductorship of Mr. W. E. Lancas- 'ar• and Mr. A. Savage presided at the organ. SUCCESSFUL Music Pums. At the local examination recently held in Liver- (ln in with the Lmdon College 01 the following pupils of Mr. Percy Randall Warrington, passed in practical pianoforte and Pi?lin Playing :—Pianotorte, Miss Lily Davies, Miss orence Watkins Miss Jessie Wright (Sankey), and Miss A. Touks (Runcorn) ; violin, Mr. C. Tonks (Runcorn), and Master Fred Randall (honours). COLLIER'S sell the beat quality gouda at lowest possible Mess.—Rdut.

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY'S GALE. 4.4 aevere gale was experienced in Runcorn and Ittistrict 1, on Friday night and Saturday, but fortun- verY little 'damage was done, ard no serious te etr°have been reported. Toe football matches in aoandoned in consequence of the weather. At tv..,rvals there were blinding showers of snow and IV!, and on Saturday eveninv there were several ilashes of lighning and heavy thunder-claps. , on Sunday morning trost set, in. QUPPOSED DROWNING OF A CAPTAIN AT

It h RUNCORN. as been reported to toe Runcorn police thst d°llll Woodhouse, belonging to Ellesmere Port, !4114 eaPtain of the dredger Barry, which is working li...the canal near Runcorn, has been missing since 7,e4LUrday night. Shortly before ten o'clock he wa; T_ en at Weston Point,and is supposed to have fallen ilikto either t Weston Docks or the Ship Canal. h:1191/8 66 he years of age, Mt. 61n. high, stoutly 1 t, of fresh complexion,with grey moustache and _ troll Ile was dressed in a mackintosh coat, grey Sets, and vest. He was also wearing a grey IlavY shirt, white flannel singlet, knitted cuffs, White flannel drawers, grey stoditings, and laced Up boots. .icete'paim's sell everything for the smalleet possible profits

NEW YEAR'S DAY AT RUNCORN. the Year Year 1895 was ushered in at Runcorn with Customary ringing of church bells, the blowing 154' " buzzers " at the works and on the boats at the erke ; and to the tunes of brass bands and voices cwheßtreQuPs of singers. Watchnight serivces which verY largely attended were held at the Parish a aliceb, Unit ad Methodist Free Church, St. Paul's "dtlten-road Wesleyan Chapels, Seamen's Insti- dih'e, and Greenway-rold Primitive Metho,list litter aPeL Wh t I congregations dispersed soon , Etti Midni 'tit the streets presented an animated o-Pearance''' mon Throughout the day the weather was sea„, Fseasonable. The chief attraction in the town Brun "le opening of the New Tra lee' Hall by Mr. the n iter, M.P. A football match to be played on awir, "corn team's ground had to be cancelled to the frost. A service was held in St. Whim-ard'a Roman Catholic Church in the morning, , ee was conducted by the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi. The gentleman in his sermon referred to the chief conelits of the past year, and afterwards wished his „ Colltre,!,4,tion " A happy and prosperous new year." Rs le. BTITTER 16 the vim in the market. -Advt. 04.-ritAD's (AUGUR OF 'THE CROB4, RUNCORN hue ,uti'leY evening in the L-ague Hall, Irwell- e annual election of officers or the above- oe,""o some' y was held. The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi th;ul3ied the chair, and spoke at some length on that- "Qd work the society was doing. He trusted eiti ths members would continue sober and honest Witte". The election of ufficer. was then proceeded aiden.and resulted Rfl follows : Richard Clinch,pre- Jona Ryan. vice-president ; John P. Quinn, -rete Jare rF ; Michael Fahy, chief warden ; Messrs. _Caskey, John Parker, Jam's Loughna, John r. Ford, 11. McDomaugh, P. Ilealey, P. Col- J. Redmond (Widnes), Thomas Connell, nnitaa Crank and John Ryan were appointed on the • Ate"tnittee. The visitors elected for the year were: Chibil)73• W• Clinch, P. Smith, J. Garvy, Thomas Y, James Caskey' M. Dowd and John Massey. ailed-jet". J. Parker and H. J. Redmond were elected •„°lll. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded the ur. Gastaldi. The rev, gentleman in respond: eraWialled all the members" A Happy New Year,' krentlirßed them to renew their pledge the following „ 11Y night , • gaariu,„tli s FREAK IRISH DAIRY BITTTHR, 10d. per 11)..1 Th SOU OF TEMPRRINCE, RUNCORN. tto, e Chair at the lielt-yearl,;, meeting of the Ittls 08to P+ona of Temperance, on Saturday evening, ate;cTlPied by Mr. George E. Dutton. The sick lioiCr,r• Messrs. James Johnson and Thomas J. atat,',4lo,ve an interesting report, in which they kid" oat in the year 1894, £lB9 17s. 6d. had been of 9a° 92 sick members out of a total membership to Ira The previous year, 1893, £286 9s. was paid ' Paieti“l/4 embers, so that .£96 lie. 6d. less had been 1/ery sat Year than in 1893. This was considered DlaWl'-•factory. The election of officers then took Drem:i with the following results:—Patriarch (or •if . Tient), Mr. John Jones; vice-president, Mr. S. 401kontlziPerleY, jun.•, conductors, Messrs. Ernest IlEttrb and George W. Holt; chaplain, Mr. John fleer,,e,a; treasurer, Mr. Daniel Biabrown; financial ireto Itlegt 'moms. Thomas and William Cooke; /les,Tnß,.aeeretary, Mr. Edward Key; sentinels, Alek tillam Hough and Samuel Henderson; audit - Messrs. Clarke and Thomas J. Holt ; ann. (77;4. Messrs. M. Temperley and Samuel Render- appoinror the cadet section Mr. Thomas Whyte was The folt," treasurer, and Mr Edward Key, secretary. Th•tivee tg,*° .r.iili4 officers were appointed as represents- '"'e erand Division, Messrs. Thomas Cooke, Clarke, (hrße R W. Bisbrown, Thomas J. Holt, "byte. Dutton, David Smith, and Thomas tr° BLAcit RI.HHHHD TEA, Eid• Per quarter lIALF TT, „„ .fie hair-" Illa TALKS AT Rusooniv LIEHARY. *ere Conti -h,' our talks about books and authors Library on Friday evening, at the Runcorn Isire O Sall2e6 Wilding delivered a lee- F. j. is;44'n'a "Seven Lamps of Architecture." ve"Bed the, r who occupied the chair,.ex- Toomettient delight it afforded him to take part in .a ,tks too calculated to bring Ruskin and his Rti ,re, Prominently before the public. To his d•a".111 vras their greatest modern teacher. bet; lrect to Christ for his inspiration, he placed wh to then, ti . 0 d.„, e highest ideal of life.—Mr. W mg, tter, Fith his anbject in an interesting man- Nv0e,40,1,4,1° tie had to deal with one of the meet blaster. vrorks of one of the most wonderful tthhiftet. 7,4s,f,tstill:altnglish language. •He remarked be,eana_ ..tgreat measure a dark page' and 0.1.) a whi„l7l4,° was understood o EUllioCt hodoe of o:‘,Li Ittiskin wrote The author dealt with tky 001 blest of arts,. and taught what every- ""e rn Know. The "Seven Lamps were of lißht`t.2at f exquisite workmanshb, which had been tf•ohrei.;‘, f,un°(ir ement h nuries, and as te.y examined them r- • As . y things they had never seen be- the „.2"-S. read his bo dcs they were transported `"Bloile,,"'hidte of some cathedral, and the beauties VOrlt ed °wed how those who constructed it 'books to the honour and glor •of God. Ruskin's *kin, ~N9eAre directory to the monuments of human baeott-tl, led tliem to understand the conceptions of "11r-, "Id the were deeply indebted to led " the f - • • res • ormation he had given. If those Were vri Induced readers to study matters which thin_ Ift ; g NZet. . -og, and to obtain knowledge of they .tch hitherto had been hidden treasures, other Hot have been in vain; but, on the Pandit, ild• Would have been instrumental in x- OWI their minds with useful and beneicial lientleedge• (APPlauseo—On the motion of Mr Seconded waa aCcarded by to Mr Mr. D. L ilding ee, a hearty vote of . W.

bee: last the hel Ro( Ce( ell of 44 I

===== 0002601_18950105_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
WWI aftetded to Mr. Wildmg.

,

===== 0002601_18950105_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
PROMOTION OF A. RUNCORN ASSISTANT MAsTER. Mr. J. Howard, who has been pupil teacher, and assistant master at the Runcorn N.itional schools, has been appointed head mastel of Hindley National schools, near Wigan. THE MISSING RUNCORN ENGINEER. No trace, had, up to this morning, been found of Mr. F. J. be Couteur, of Runcorn, who was engineer of the " Liberator." He has now been missing for nine days. ENTERTAINMENTS AT ST. MICHAEL'S CHURCH,

===== 0002601_18950105_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
R UNCORN

Three meetings ha;e-I;;;;[ii'e-lil this week in con- nection with organizations a•socia:ed with the above mentioned church. On Tuesday evening, in connection with the Mutual Improvement Society, Mr. Wilding read an excellent, paper on " English Cast Jes." The paper was illustrated by a number of pictur s Oro xn on the screen by the aid or a lantern manipulated by Mr. S. Buckley. The It A. J. Jam7sou presid ed. On Wednesday evening Mr. Charles Timmins gave a lecture on it "Tour in Norway," in connection with the same society. A number of beautiful pictures, "from photographs, taken by Mr. Timmins durlng his sojourn there, were shown.—On Thursday evening, the children of the Sunday school were entertained to tea and afterwards a brief entertainment was given. They subsequently enjoyed a romp. CAMDEN WESLEYAN -lINDAX SCHOOL, Ittr N CORN. . .

The officers, teacheTs,',Li—ei.der scholars of thia school hel their annual tea meeting on New Year's Day. About 150 partook of a first-class tea, after which a programme of music and readings was rendered under the presidency of Mrs. C. Beckett, one of the superintendents of the school. The re- mainder of the evening was spent in a social manner.—On the following evening (Wednesday) about 130 of the younger children of the school sat down to a good tea at four o'clock. After tea the teachers engaged the children in games lot upwards of three hours, and at the clo,e each tcholar was given an orange. A very enjoyable evecting was giant. ODDF.ELLOWSHIP IN RUNCORN DISTRICT.. ..

The Runcorn district branch of Oddfel tows held their annual meeting at the Royal Oak Lodge, Widnes. P Tansey occupied the chair; Bro. W. Joynson occupying the deputy-chair. The return of membership submitted showed that there had been an inerea-e during the past twelve months. It was resolved to distribute the distress fund pro- portionately among the six lodges ins the district.. The resignation of Bro. W. Hartland, U.S., through ill-health, was received with regret. The book ex- aminer's reports of the several lodges were read, showing that the lodges were in an excellent con- dition, They were adopted. The following officers were appointed :—Bros. T. Burrows, C S ; Robert Wright, treasurer; delegate for the A.M.C., to be held at Swansea, G. Rutter; auditors, W. E. Dud- ley and R. Jeaccek ; grand master, W. Joynson; end deputy grand master, Joseph Hartland. THE DISTRESS IN RUNCORN.—XSO .A. WEEIC FROM

===== 0002601_18950105_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BRUNNER.

On Thursday evening a meeting of the commit- tee who have in hand the distribution of relief in Runcorn, was held at the Town Hall. It was an- nounced that Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., had kindly offered to give £5O per week to the funds instead of £2O a week as previously promised. It was also intimated that several firms had contributed to the fund through Councillor W. Collier, the sum of £l5. The other donations promised include £lO from Sir Richard Brooke, £5 from the United Alkali Co., £2 2s. each from Messrs. Handley and Beck and Councillor Walter Collier, £2 each from Mr. F. A. Lake and Mr. W. F. Salkeld, Mr. J. A. Johnson, and S. C. Beckett; £1 from Rev. H. B. Firth' Mr. J. R. Firth, and Mr. J. Pritchard. £1 per week has been promised by Messrs. Simpson and Davies and Colin. lmison. _ _

===== 0002601_18950105_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA. MEETING .AT BRUNSWICI-ST., SCHOOLS, RUNCORN. _

A congregational tea itul -Meeting were held in connection with St. Paul's Wesleyan Church, in I •unswick-street Wesleyan schoolroom, on Thera- d-ky evening. About 200 persons sat llowa to tea.. The tables were presided over by the following ladies: Miss Jones, Mesdames Burrows, Leadstone, grown, Kirkham, Wiswall, J. D. Jones, Charles Littler, and R. Morris. The superintendent minis- ter, Rev. T. Brackenbury, occupied the chair and delivered a brief address. fle referred to the great advantages they as Methodists possessed in the present day, as compared with their forefathers. Re thought that greater progress ought to be made in Methodism in Runcorn. Although they occupied a prominent position in the town they should not rest. He urged them to greater efforts.—The Rev. W. George spoke on the necessity of the members of the church co-operating with the ministers in order to get a better attendance of those per- sons in the town Who were never seen in the various chapels. The opportunities for reaching such persons were many, and li might find them it they desired in that way to serve the Great. Master. ('he Rev. E. Tit« also spoke. A most eiijoyablpt miscellaneous prtitrramme was afterwards gone through. songs were well sung by Miss Alice Taylor, and Mr. R. Morris; duets by Mr. R. Morris and Miss Simkin, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Leathwood. A quartette was rendered by Miss Jones, Miss Birkett, Mr. It. Morris, and Mr. J. Birkett. Two anthems were sung by the choir. Mr. W. Cooke war the accompanist. zr,‘ILT. HOUSEHOLD LINEN Ihemmind and marked, free I enargo.--J. and W DUTTON, Saaks:-fit., Warrinoun,-4drt.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODS li AM.

A UNITED WATCH•EIGHT SERVICE.—The Cllst• 'nary watch-night service was held in the Trinity Chapel, ProdfMain, on Monday •veniug, when the Rev. A. O. Sayers (Union Church),H. IL Didcock (Primitive Metho- dist), and R. Renton, and Mr. H. Swab) (W•sloyan) gave meat appropriate addresses. JN, WESLEYAN BIEN'S BUMS CLASS —The annual tea meet- ing in connection witls this class was held on New Year's Day in the Lecture-room. In the evening a mis- cellaneous entertainment was given, and included songs and solos—vocal and instrumenttl—with a representa- tion of the old year and the new, St 3. During the inter- val the Rev. R. Renton presented two prizes, one to Mr. Joon Jones for having introduced the largest number of members to the class, and to Mr. Walter Davies ler hay, ing made the best attendance tor the past year. Short addresses were also delivered hv Messrs. T. Sant (chair- man), W. D. Ringrese, H. Swabv, and R. Proud.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN.

A tea meeting and entertainment in connection with this institution was held on Thursday evening. About 140 persons sat down to tea, the tables being presided over by the following ladies: Mesdames Meadowcroft, Abel, Bankes, Shaw, De Kort, Waterworth, Coward and Horsefield. The proceedings which followed were under the presidency of Councillor E. Imisin. In the course of short address, he said he regretted that Archdeacon Woomera, chaplain to the tnitplon, was unable to be present, awing to family affliction, consequent on the railway disaster at Chelford, but the Rev. Mr. Horan, of Liverpool, had undertaken to fill hie place. Addressing the seamen present, he said, they were the first to feel the effect of the frost, but he hoped their boats would not have to be tied up. He also referred to the importance of that industry to Runcorn, and in conclusion wished all " A Happy New Year." The Rev. Mr. Horan ahro Spoke, and congratulated the Chairman upon being elected the firat chairman 'sr the Runcorn District Council, and asked the •udience t• give Mr. unison three hearty cheers which were most lustily given. A pre- sentation ot a certificate from the Liverpool Shipwrecked and Humane Society was made to Harry Green, e Run- corn lad, for having heroically rescued a lad from the ' Manchester Ship Canal it: September last. The society also presented him with a sovereign. lAn interesting programme 'vas afterwards submitted. The choir, under the conductorship of Mr. D. Price, creditably rendered vveral ellorrioeo. Songs were con- tributed by Miss L. Co wsr.l, Miss B. Owen, Miss A. Rendles, Miss N. Douglas, aril Messrs. J. Moores, P. Shaw, R. Shaw, T. Shallcross. T. Cross and J. Shaw. A trio" A little farm well tilled," was well sung by Messrs. J. Moores, D. Price, and R. Shaw. A recitation was also given by Miss L Shaw. The accompanists were Miss M. Bowyer and Mr. A Price. During an interval, a large quantity of mufflers, mitts, and other wearing apparel was distributed by Miss Banks to sailors and boatmen. The articles had beers provided by Miss Frayes, of Frodsharn, Mrs. C. liazlehurst„ and from the Mersey Seamen's Mission, at Liverpeol. Votes of thanks to all those who had assisted in the programme, or other- wise, were tendered on the motion of Mr. W. Shaw (missionary'.

SCHOLAR'S' TREAT AT 5-OLD-BTREET WESLEYA.N

SUNDAY SCHOOL. Tne annnal scholars' treat was held at the Bold- street Wesleyan schools on Thursday, when about 400 at down to an excellent tea at the tables, over which the teachers of the Sunday school presided. After tea an entertainment of a varied character was given by the Victoria Glee Party from Whines, at which Mr. William Brady acted as conductor, and Mr. Alfred Barber as accompanist. The party nurniered 18. The various items of the pros/ran:me were provocative of much amusement. After the programme was concluded, the younger portion of the scholars went home, and the elder portion in- dulged in games until about eleven o'clock.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
TR E EXAM IN ER, SATURD AY, JANUARY 5, 18P5.

were animated by a determination to be free, upright, independent men and women, with a desire that those wh) came after them should be able to live better lives, have greater opportunities, and should at all times feel less the pinch of poverty, than those who had gone before them. (Applause.) Was not that a noble work ? They were meeting in the same building as those who had gone before them. His main purpose in building that hall had been to keep

c ntre for his family, and there give him something of cheertulaess, warmth and brightness. Tie tuust get rid of the obstruction, if they were to tackle sou, , Atha many labour problems which still awaited solution, and which could only be solved by parliamentary means. There was the que.ftion of

.....r.----, '.„-----;:-. ---, . . 4 , ilt,';,,, (t.I.Wp/' • . , ;":,,_,l;- ,ir,,t- i • ..Z i -7 / 1/4(oo.9Ply,ayikt, 1, , 4 , •14,001)),fii,i(11.1,y01:477.7,4,, 0,0 ~,, _. • .. , MR. J. T. BRUNNER, M.P.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW TRADES' HALL AT RUN CORN. _- MR. BRUNNER'S MUNIFICENCE.

THE OPENING. CEREMONY.

New Year's Day was a red letter day in the history of Runcorn Trades' Unionism, when Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., opened the New Trades' Hall in John-street, which he has generously presented for the benefit of the Trades' Unions and Friendly Societies in Runcorn. A portion of the building comprises what formerly was the Presby- terian Chapel, but which has now been converted into a commodious and most c mafortable meeting room. Adjoining this room, a new building has been erected in the Queen Anne stlle. I is built of red brick with Rub on dressing, and Yorkshire stone. On the ground floor there are five club rooms, offices, and other con- veniences. On the second floor, which is reached by a stone staircase, there is a large assembly room suitable , for tea meetings, etc. By a well-adapree system of moveable partitions, this room could, if desired, be , transformed into five rooms, for the purposes of corn- ! mittee, and other meetings. The building throughout is I well lighted, heated, and ventilated. Mr. J. Bilfington, the architect and cleik of works, and the contractor, Mr. W. Nixon are to be congratulated upon the result of their efforts. The total cost which has been defrayed b) Mr. Brunner, is £2,000. Great preparations bad been made for the opening ceremony. There was a profuse display of bunting at the hall, and outside, near the entrance, an attractive triumphal arch had been erected. In the centre of the arch were the words " Suecess to Mr. Brunner" whilst underneath" Capital and Labour" were represented to be shaking hands in friendship. Mr. Brunner was met at the railway station, a little before two o'clock, by a number of the members of the new Urban Council, members of Trades' Unions in the town, and others.

A PROCESSION', was at once formed and proceeded through the principal streets leading to the new hall. The procession was headed by the Independent Order of Recha bites pioneer temperance brass hand of Manchester. followed by the members of the Upper Mersey Watermen and Porters' Association, with their banner. They were accompanied by Mr. Billane, president. of the Watermen'm Union, and Mr. J. Banner, vice-president. Members of the Brick- layer's Association walked next, and these were snc- ceeded by the Runcorn and district brass band. There were also in the procession members of the following trades' unions with their respective officials :—Ship- wrights, Mr Neil (Mersey district delegate, Liverpool), Mr. Henry Dale (local secretary). Mr. John Taylor (general secretary), Mr. George Kirkham, D.C. (presi- dent). Mr. James Sales (Shipwright's representative on the Trades' Council), and Mr. John Gresty (marshall). Bakers accompanied by Mr. Samuel Hughes (chairman of the local branch), and Mr. Wm. Burton (secretary), Society of carpenters and joiners headed by Mr. W. Tun- lay (organiser of Burton-on-Trent). Mr. E. Aston (secre- tary), Mr. John Williams (treasurer) and Mr. Billington (marshal!). Boilermakers with their president, Mr. Nathaniel I Lightfoot, and secretary and treasurer, Messrs. S. Blundell and. Wm. Ouse, respectively. En- gineers and crane men accompanied by Mr. Henry Brough (Manchester), John Ormrod (president of the local branch), Matthew Gitteus (treasurer), and S. Mg- net (secretary). Painters, including Mr. Wm. Curving (president), Mr. David Pillington (secretary), Mr. James Campbell (assistant secretary),Mr. F. Bishop (treasurer). and Messrs. Hoxworth and Oliver (stewards). Several of the societirs carried their banners and emblems,whilst the bakers also displayed a huge loaf of bread. About the centre of the procession there was a waggonette, drawn by a couple of horses, containing Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P.. Mr. 'T. Snape, M.P. for the Heywood divi,inn. Mr. E. Mnrshall (secretary District Council), and Mr. E. Gatley (secretary Watermen's Association). On his ARRIVAL 'KT THE TRADES' HALL . .

Mr. Brunner was presented by Mr. J. Billington with a key to open the hall door. In doing an, Mr. Billington expressed the deep gratitude of the trades'unionista of the town for Mr. Brunner's great kindness to them,and said they would use their utmost endeavour not to misplace con-Mance he had reposed in them.—Mr.Brunner said the he was very glad indeed to perform the small ceremony of opening the door which would give access to a build- ing he honed, in their hands, would do very great good in the future. That building, as they knew,was intended for the use of trades' societies and friendly societies in Runcorn, and in it he hoped many a meeting would be held for their benefit • for the benefit of their wives. and children, and for those who came after them. He opened that door, and bade them welcome as the real owners of the building. (Loud applause.) After an inspection of the building had been made, a LARGELY ATTENDED MEETING was held in the meeting room of the hall. The chair Was occupied by Mr. George Kirkham, and he was sup Ported on the platform by Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., Mr. T. Snapp, M.P., Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., Mr. Philip Speak- man, J P., C.C.. Mr. J. W. Lightburn, Mr. Aston and Mr. Gatley. Ta addition there were also present the following Urban district councillors :—Messrs. Imison, Pritchard,Collier,Bishrown, Dean, Wilson, Grice, Sweet- man,and Williama,and also Messrs. T. Flaw-Bey. JP, W. Handley, Fisher, Hankinson and others.—The Chairman called upon Mr. Gatley to make a statemeat with refer- ence to the erection of the hall. Mr. Galley said it gave him great pleasure to see so many friends around them on an occasion like that. Through their approaching Mr. Brunner to ask for his assistance in the erection of a hall, they had now a hgme for the whole of the trades' and friendly societies in the town in which they could meet, converse, and enjoy themselves. They had overcome many difficulties, but they had still many difficulties to overcome. Mr. Brun- ner had not only been a friend to their trades' societies but to other societies in the town. He felt very proud upon that occasion to thank Mr. Brunner for all he had done for them. He hoped the workingmen of Runcorn would assist in making the hall useful and successful. He hoped they would have the pleasure of meeting Mr. Brunner in it from time to time ; and that they as workingmen might work together for the benefit of each other. (Applause.) MR. J. T. DRUMMER. who on rising to speak, was received with loud and pro- longed cheering, said Mr. Ellis Godley and he ha.l neen in communication with each other for some years for the purpose of providing a meeting place which should be- long to the working people of Runcorn,and in which they could band thensselyes together for their own protection for the protection of their families, and making provi- sion for old age. (Applause.) He had thought a year or two age of a building in another part of the town, but as the present one was in the market, and suitable for the purpose they had in view' and especially when he heard that the purchase of it would he an aid to a congregation of people engaged in a very good work, he decided to purchase it. He sold the other building to another flourishing institution which he need not, fur- ther particularise. The congregstinn which had pre- viously occupied that building had moved away,and he believed was very much better housed than it was he- fore. He was sure they would Join with him in wish. lag them prosperity. There had been sransider- able difficulties to be met, regarding that budding, and 1 he did not see that they had been all met. One of the difficulties was this, that none of them could become quite sure that any of the inatitutiens or societies for which the building was henceforward to be devoted, could be looked upon to be permanent societies. He wanted to provide A PERMANENT OWNER TO THE NOILDING. tie that if ever it failed to be used for what it was at present intended, and was liable to fall into rack and ruin, it might be used for the benefit of the public in some other way. It was for that reason that he had in- vited Mr. Taylor, chairman of the Board of Commis- sioners, to attend there that day in order that he, or hie successor, the chief magistrate or chief citiz-n of Run- corn, should be the owner of the freehold, and trustee for the working people of the town and neighbourhood. (Applause.) That had been one of his Mr:tildes and that was the way he had attempted to get over it. HP was told there was a number of the new urban district councillors present, and he was very glad indeed to meet them on that—their first day f office and on an occasion an pleasant. He wished them a Happy New Year" and, also many years of usefulness to he people of Ruin. corn. That building was to be used for the furtherance of the business of the trades' societies, and he hoped by and by for ftieudly societies. He did not think they were unworthy succesaers to a religious congregation. The work of the triades'societiem and of the friendly socie- ties was animated by brotherly love. (Applause.) They

===== 0002601_18950105_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
CONVIVIALITY APART PROM BUSINESS.

He did not stand there as an eiaemy of conviviality. He liked joviality when in its proper place. He heartily ra commended to all the societies of Runcorn that build- ing, and asked then, to make use of it, regarding it as their own, in which to transact their business apart from a temptation to which so many of them met with. It had been a matter of distress L. him, that even little children, from their earliest years, should become ac- customed to sights which all decent fathers and mothers should keep them away from, if it was possible to do so. Children were sent with monetary contributions to the various societies, and he asked their parents to do their best in order that these children should be able to collie into a place that was consecrated to noble ideas, and be kept away from one of the saddest of all temptations that came before them. (Applause.) It was well that thov should keep business and conviviality apart, and Ile saw from time to time, evidence, that the majority of working-men agreed with him upon this point. They had decided that no political work should be carried on in licensed premises, and also that 'parish council meet- ings should not be held in them. They also saw that local authorities were providing places for the holdingof inquests, in order to keep them away from licensed pre- mises. Let men who could restrain themselves go to licensed premises, but let them keep their business apart from those places. (Applause.) There had been, so far nine trades' societies in the town who had decided that they would take a share in whatever benefits could be derived from that building. So far, no friendly societies had come into the scheme. He heartily invited them to take advantage of the building. (Applause.) He was told by Mr. Billington, a working joiner, had been the architect of the building, which from its large conception to its smallest detail did him a vast amount of credit, and there was room for every trade society and every friendly society in Runcorn. The more that joined in the use of the building, the smaller would the expense be for each. It was his wish, and the commit- tee joined with him in the wish, that NO RENT SHOULD BE CHARGED . .

for the building. (Applause.) The expense to the societies would be limited to cleaning, lighting,warming and a sufficient amount for repairs to maintain the building in good condition, It was their buildii,g and all they were called upon to do was to pay sufficient money to maintain it in proper order. (Applause.) The management should be in the hands of a committee selected by the societies using the building, and they should pledge themselves to find a sufficient amount of annual income to pay the expenses he had detailed. (Applause.) At the close of the meeting he hoped to have a friendly conference with the committee which had been formed, and also with representatives of , friendly societies, and members of the Urban District I Council with reference to the trust deed f the building. , He heartily wished that it might be a blessing to them, and if they would permit him, he gave it with the hope that they would, by their own manly exercise, make it not only of benefit to themselves but to their families and children. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18950105_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THANKS.

The Chairman, in calling npon Mr. Taylor to speak on behalf of the District Council, said they as Trades' Unionists, and he thought also, the friendly societies, would only be too glad to take the matter up. If they could not find sufficient funds to support it, it would be shame on their part. He thanked Mr. Brunner most heartily on behalf of the Trades' Unionists.—Mr. Taylor also thanked Mr.Brunner on behalf of the District Coun- cil. He said he was sure the gift would be appreciated , by those who participated in it. That was not the only occasion that the people of Runcorn had been thankful ' to Mr. Brunner. He had helped Runcorn ti a very great extent. They had had no object which had been 1 for the welfare of the town, and the benefit and interest 1 of the masses which Mr. Brunner had net given his practical sympathy and help to. The building of their Technical Institute could not have been proceeded with had it not been for Mr. Brunner's great practical help. They had been enabled to erect a building which he might say would in time to come, be appreciated by every individual in Runcorn. He (the speaker) was very much pleased, the previous week, when the secre- tary to the distress fund (Mr. Marshall) informed him that Mr. Brunner had written to him offering £2O per week during the time the distress existed in the town. (Applause.) Since they had had Mr. Brunner to repre- sent them in Parliament he had taken great interest in all questions which had come forward in Parliament affecting the people of Riancorn. He thanked him sin- cerely for all his past kindness,and hoped that the build- ing would be used in a proper spirit, and that it would become a blessing to those who used it. MR. SNAPS'S ADDRESS.

Mr. Snape, Who met with a most hearty recep- tion, said he must first express his amazement at the temerity ot Mr. Brunner and himself for venturing before that audience. (Laughter.) They had been told on the authority of one of the most eminent political personages of the day that trades' unions were cruel organisatioes. His amazement was increased when Mr. Brunner had had the courage to provide that building in order that they might strengthen their trades' unions by meeting together, and thus be strengthening their cruel organisations. (Laughter.) The welcome they had given to Mr. Brunner assured him that they need not dread any terrible consequences. He had seen, dur- ing his life time, the advantages of trades' unions upon the members and upon the woi king classes generally, and this w staid bsnish scepticism from his mind with regard to trades unionism, if cver it ventured to find a lurking place there. He thought they could not but acknowledge bow grateful the community of Runcorn ought to be to Mr. Brunner for having such thoughtful consideration for the working-classes by giving them that place of meeting. He thought it was very desirable that their meetings ehetild be held in a place in which their minds would be free to attend to the business they were met to transact. (Hear, hear.) When that bene- ficent piece of legislation, the Parish Councils Bill, was under consideration in the House of Commons, a clause was introduced that whenever possible the meetings should he held in the schoolroom of the parish. When , the Bill get into another place, the lords temporal and the lords spiritual, did their best to bring the Parish Council into the public-house. But he was pleased to say that when the Bill Came back to the House of Com- mons they declined to let it pass, and they ultimately succeeded in reinstating the clause, so that the peeps could hold their meetings in the schools, which were supported by public funds. If that was good for the Parish Councils.it was good for trades' unions. He claimed for himself, and he was sure he could claim it for Mt. Brunner, that they were heart and soul "

IN SYMPATHY WITH LABOUR. They were not the only members interested in Labour They had some splendid men in the House of Commons who were sent there by the working classes. (Applause). The labour members sat on the same side of the Hot/se as the Liberal members, and they might take it, that the Government which also sat on the same side of tke House, was a government which was endeavouring to promote the interests of the working classes Bo far as legislation would offer. They had done that in various ways since he (the speaker) had been a member of the House of Commons. They had reduced the hours of labour in the government workshops to eight hours per day. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Brunner had set them a noble example previously in his own works tapplause), and men like Mr. Brunner, and Mr. William Mather, of Sal- ford, were able to give the government a little light and leading upon that question. If in their muni- cipality, or district council, they had persons In their employ who were paid out of the public rates, they should make the conditions and terms of the most exem- plary character in order that they raight point private employers to the way they conducted public employ- ment. They knew that the government introduced,and passed through the MUM, of Commons a bill which was on the whole a very satisfactory ono. But when that got to

Tee Verse NOOSE they inserted the contracting out clause, which was fatal to the bill. They were just in this position. They had an authority which called itself umpire, but which always gave its own side " in "and at the other side " out" whether they were or not (laughter.) Work which had cost the members of the House of Commons weary nights, weeks, and months, was undone in a day or two in "another place." In the interests of the Tory workingman as well as the interests of the Radical work- ingman, they would have to get rid of this destructive force which existed in the House of Lords. (Hear, hear.) They were sometimes told by the members of the Inde- pendent Labour Party that they did not do as much as they ought to do, but he could say that the present'gev- ernment had done mere than had ever been done in any

• previous Parliament on behalf of la hour,and they would have done a great deal more, if it had not been for that ante-deluvian institution, the House of Lords. Be re- joiced in the opening of that ball and with the PROGRESS OF TRADES' UNIONS. They knew how for the last 20 years the prices of menu- factured articles had been falling, and that to-day they were at as low an ebb as they had ever been known in the history of the land, and yet while that had been the case, the wages of the working classes had been on the whole fully maintained and in some instances increased. The purchasing power of their wages was greater to-day than previously. He held that had it not been for the solid trades' unions of the working-classes, employers would have reduced wages, and the working-classes would have been in a much more unsatisfactory position. The capitalists had not been making, as largo returns as formerly, but the working-classes had been getting a larger share, and thus had been brought into operation what ought to he the desire of every true heart—a more equal division of wealth. (Applause.) He was IN FAVOUR OF A LIVING WAGE. He did not mean a crust of dry bread, and a drink of water—although he supposed a man could exist on that. He would call that a starvation wage. A living wage should do something more than provide the necessaries of life, it should also provide some of the comforts and refinements of life, to enable a man to make his home a

===== 0002601_18950105_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD AGE PENSIONS

and he should like, if they could see a practical method, of having it settled. He did not think it was satisfac- tory to them to have one in three or five, of those whe had passed the age of 65, spending the remainder of their days in a workhouse. If any means could Ise devised by which the state could provide for these people, he for one, would rejoice in it, and try to brio! about a solution. He thought he trades' unions could help in that matter. (Hear, hear.) Their help had been sought, but they had not been able to rely on the pro- posals that had come from Birmingham. He also thought that the friendly societies should give attention to the subject and in that way endeavour to settle the question. (Applause.) In conclusion he said he had been intimately connected for nearly 40 years with Run- corn and Widnes, and he always felt that when he was amongst Runcorn or Widnes audiences he was once more at home. (Loud applause.)

===== 0002601_18950105_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
TOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. Aston, as a trades' unionist, proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Brunner and Mr. Snaps for their ad- dresses, and in doing so spoke of some of the advantag, I of trades unions and friendly societies.—Mr. P. Speak- man, J.P., C.C., seconded, and said the presentation of the building to the trades' societies and friendly socie- ties of the town, was a very noble gift. Mr. Brunner had shown his great sympathy with them not only in their prosperity but also in their edversity. It was very nice when the societies alluded to, had a building like that in which to meet together and to discuss matters for the benefit of each other, and also for the benefit of the community. (Applause.) The vote was supported by Mr. Billam, president of the Watermen's Association; Mr. Tanal. delegate of the associated carpenters and joiners ; and Mr. Neil, delegate of the associated ship- wrights.—Mr. Brunner in reply on behalf of himself and Mr. Snaps thanked the audience for their kindly recep- tion. He said the District Council would incur no res- ponsibility in accepting the trust deed. It would be their right and their duty, when they saw that the hall was not going to fulfil the duties for which it was devoted, or that there was a risk of charge to the public in consequence of misuse of the building, to sell it for the good of the public.—Mr. Imisnn in a short speech proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, alluding to the fact that that gentleman had been elected a member of the Urban District Council. tie always censidered that the District Council would not be complete unless there were a certain proportion of workingmen repre- sentatives upon it. Questions would come before the Council in which the interests of the trades in the town were deeply involved. Mr. Kirkham would be able to voice the opinions of the trades unionists in an intelli- gent manner. (Applause.)—Mr. Thomas Sayle seconded, and the Tote was passed unanimously.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CONFERENCE.

A conference of the trades unionists, urban councillors and representatives of friendly societies was afterwards held in one of the rooms. Mr. S. Taylor occupied the chair. Mr. Brunner read a draft trust deed, after which there was a little discussion. Mr. Lightburn considered that it would be better for the matter to be discussed by the Urban Council, and the: they could bring their proposals to the trades' and friendly societies. They could then be further discussed. This was tacitly agreed to.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
TnE TEA MEETING.

In the large room of the hall, which had been nicely decorated for the ficcasion, about 300 persons parto.4k of tea. The following ladies presided at the tables : Mesdames G. H. Kirkham, J. Taylorof. Sayles,Oxworth, Burrows, Cussins, Withington, Banner, Dale, Pickstock, Leathwood and Grestv. THE EVENING'S PROCEEDINGS.

After tea, a public meeting and entertainment was held. A portion of the first part of the programme was taken up wi.h the delivery of a number of short addresses by representative trades unionist, in which the benefits to be derived from membership were stated. The speakers were Mr. E. Galley, Mr. Sa3 lea, Mr. Aston, and Mr. Billing,ten. The latter speaker urged his hearers to send their children to the Technical Institute, when opened, stating that " rule of thumb" work was now over. The Chairman announced amidst cheers, that Mr. Brunner had decided to increase his subscrip- tion to the distress fund, to £5O per week. A miscel- laneous eqertainment was afterwards proceeied with. Quartettes, trios, duets, and songs were rendered by the following artistes : Mr. and Mrs. Leathwood, Mrs. Temperley, Miss Eden, Messrs. Worrow, Holt, and Borrows. Mr. W. Grounds was the accompanist. A troupe of Runcorn minstrels styling themselves the "Old Kansan Minstrels " also provided a humorous entertain- ment.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
BETHESDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,

Itt7INCOItN.

The annual congregational tea meeting in connection with this church was held in ths schoolroom on Wednes- day evening. A good number sat down to tea. The after proceedings were presided over by the Rev. J. S. Simpson, pastor of the church. The reports of the different organizations were submitted,and showed that the work carried on in conneccion with tt e church dur- ing the past year had been very successful. The secre- tary (Mr. Holt) in presenting his amaual report said r that in reviewing the church's work during the past I year, they had all reason to congratulate themselves, for altp.ist every organization in connection there with had been vi v successful. The church services had been well attended and much good had been done, which was shown by the substantial increase of the mem- bers' roll which now stood as follows :—num- her of members on church roll, year enclitic December, 1893, 158, losses by death and removal, 7, added by profe-asinn during the year, 26, giving a total membership of 177. That made the numoer added since Mr. Simpson's settlement, 130. The average attendance at the sacrament had been 68, against 62, during 1893. Regarding the musical portion of the services he was pleased to say the choir was much better organized than when he eave his last report. In the bringing about of that he was sure they all recognized the ability displayed by their organist who had devoted much time and energy to that department. The week night services had been well attended. The pastor had, during the year, formed a literary and social society which had about 30 members, and had also commenced a Christian Endeavour class, in which great interest had been taken. The class had about 50 MM.. hers. Mr. Frimpson had also formed a children's class, which had been a great success. The work of the past year promised well for the future suc- cess of the church —The Treasurer of the church sub- mitted the financial statement which was considered .ery satisfactory. He also gave the report of the Bethesda Sunday school. Mr. Peter Cartwright pre- sented a report of St. .Luke's Sunday school, which showed that excellent work was being accomplished. Mr. Le Couteur was voted an honorarium for his ser- vices as organist and choirmaster.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD PEOPLE'S TREAT AT WARRINGTON.

The annual dinner and taa which are given to the aged people of Warrington, were held on Thursday at the Drill Hall. The dinner was given to the men and the tea to the women. The meals were evidently very mnch enjoyed, and hearty cheers were given at the close to the committee and donors of the funds neces- sary to furnish the meals. At the dinner 350 aged men at down to a very substantial meal, csnsisting of meat and potatoes. Among other ladies and gentlemen pre- sent were the Mayor and Mayoress (Councillor James and Mrs. Fairelmigh), Miss Fairclough, Aldermen Sut- ton and Wright, Councillors Woods and Smethurst, Rev. F. W. Willis (rector), Rev. B. C. E. snd Mrs. Carleton, Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Picot, Rev. G. B. Thurcton, Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk). Mr. T. Longdin (borough surveyor), Mr. T. Morris, F.O S., Dr and Mrs. Peacocks, Mr. D. Fanatic'', Mr. H. Toft, Mr. S. Jones, Mr. G. Pit- ling, Mr. .7. Critchley, Mr. G. Riley. Mr. A. Jolley, Mr. G. W. Rrundritt, Mr. F. Aukland, Mr. J. Harrison, Mr. and Mrs. D Jones, Mrs. 11.1 ford, Mrs. Forshaw. Mrs. Mather. Mr. and Mrs. Peter Chrimes, Mr. Gorton, and Mr. J. Ffartlev.—Grace before meal was paid by the Rev. N. V. Pitvit, and after dinner lir the Rector. After the dinner was over Alderman Sutton proposed the health of the Queen and the Royal Family, and this was drunk with musical honours. Alderman Sutton then on behalf of the cemmittee wished all pre- sent a very harm', and prosper-us new year. He pro- posed the health of the Mayor and Mayoress who was also present. This was also honoured with the singing of " He's a jolly good fellow," and the MAYOR, in reply, thanked them for the compliment. He thought that the thanks of all present were due to those who had undertaken the charge of the arrangements and he called for three hearty cheers for them. . .

After these had been given, Mr. T. MORRIS, in reply. Said theta great deal was due to those ladies and gentle- men In Warrington who had cline forward to provide funds which hal enabled the committee to give that magnificent dinner. The Racr m also addressed the people. He congratu- lated them first of all, upon the large number of old people who were over eo, and were able to enjor the dinner. It spoke well for Warrington. They ought all return thanks to Gad for giving them health and strength to enjoy such a good dinner at the ripe age of eo years. Those who were ble.sed with means re have a good meal every day, ought at least to see that others should have, at least, one good dinner in the year. Be honed that they had enjoyed their dinner. Sulam were then given by Mr. Wilmot Webster and Mr. George Pilling, and a recitation was also given by one of the men present, after which the people dispersed.

The Rev. H. J. Dodwell, who has been confined in Broadmoor Asylum for nearly 17 yeArs for shooting at the then Master of the Rolls (Sir G. Tessel), has,thrnugh his solicitor, made in appeal to the Home Secretary for the restoration of his lity‘rty. Mr. Asquith, in his reply, regrets that he cannet herise the patient's discharge from the asylum as le i still insane, and could net be released without risk .

===== 0002601_18950105_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEAIZ, AND SEEN AT RUl\ C /RN

BY OUR RUNCORN CORRESPONDENT.

"The old 'meth place to the new,' and simul- taneously with the departure of the old year, the Runcorn Board of Commissioners finished its course. The last meeting was held on Friday, and the new Urban District Council, which supersedes it, may be said to have taken up its duties in real earnest at its first meeting yesterday morning. The most important business at the final meeting of the Commissioners was the proposal submltted and agreed to that application be made for the consoli- dation of two loans of £l,BOO and £5,400. The former suns is a loan of tong standing, and the Local Government Board had written to the Autho- rity stating that it should have been paid off, years ago. The Commissioners were, therefore, obliged to take some steps for liquidating the loan. To pay off the Wm at once would have required an additional rate of about 81. or 91. in the X. This, under present circumstances, was impractic- able, so the Commissioners decided to take advan- tage of a counter proposal, for the consolidation of the two sums mentoned, which will enable them to wipe off the two amounts in 15 years. It was satisfactory to know that with the exception of the ! water works and street improvement loans, the indebtednese of the town for buildings and numer- ous things in their possession' only amounts to £13,200. At the conclusion of the meeting a well- deserved compliment was paid to Mr. Taylor for the efficient way he had performed his duties as chair- man. _ .

, The proceedings of the new Urban Council on Thursday. were characterized by a remarkable unanimity. Tne chairmanship of the Council, for wnich it was thought there woald be two or three members proposed, was deAded unanimously., Mr. E. Imison who was appointed to the honourable position, which also carries with it the title of J.P., is to be congratulated upon having the confilence of the members who previously sat with him on the old Board of Commissioners, and also the new members. There was also an absence of any friction in the election of vice-chairman ; in fact, the two positions seemed to have been practically decided upon at the private meeting of the mem- bers which was held the previous night. A slight change was made in the personnel of the com- mittees. Instead oi several members comprising certain committees, the whole council will co oprise each committee with the exception of the Free Library Committee, and the Technical Instruction Committee. _ _

A somewhat novel procedure was taken for determining the length of office for the councillors representing Mersey ward, who, it will be remem- bered, were lucky enough to escape a contest. Tile result of the " draw" by the Chairman for the positions entitle Mr. Kirkham to it on the Council for three years, Mr. Once for two, and Mr. Posnett for one only. No doubt, Mr. Kirkham will be far- more satisfied with tbe result of the drawing than Mr. Po3nett. _

If. evidence were nee.ied of the munificence of Mr Brunner, M.P., io the town of Runcorn, it.was forthcoming on New Year's Day when he formally opened the New Trad,s 11111, which he has pre - eented at a cost of .£2,000 to the trades unions and friendly societies in the town. The hall is intended tor the holding of the numerous meetings held in connection with these societies. At present the meeting of the trades' societies and friendly societies are, as a rule, held, through lack of more suitable accommodation, in public-houses, which, as was stated, tend to distract the members from the business they have in hand,and are also a source of temptation, especially to children of various ages, who are often sent with monetary subscriptions to the lodges or societies. The Trades' Ball will pro- vide the societies of Runcorn with a more suitable meeting place. It is a most suitable and comfort- ably arranged building, and will accommodate the whole of the societies it is meant to benefit. As no rent is to be charged for the use of Vie building, the only expenses being the cost of maintenance,it ICI ay be expected that full advantage will be taken of the building by the various societies in the town.

RU/CORN UR.I3A.N DISTRICT COUNCIL.

THE FIRST MEETING,

This Council held its firAt meeting on Thursday morn- ing at the Town Hall. Runcorn. All the district coun- cillors were present, viz. : Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, Dr. McKenzie, Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., S. Taylor, J.P., H. J. Grice; F. Wiswall, J. Pritchard, W. Collier, G. H. Kirkham, J. Wilson, E Imison, J. W. Lightburn, 1. Dean. G. Hewitt, W. M. Wdliams, M. Sweetman, D. Bisbrown and R. H. Pnsnett, Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk), and Mr. Marshall (secretary).

ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN.

After the members had taken tie declaration of office, and a commmication from the Local Government B lard read, the Law Clerk stated that the first business for them to transact aas the appointment of chairman. —Mr. Taylor maved that Mr. Irnison he appointed the chairman for the ensuing sear. fle felt sure that Mr. Itnison would he acceptable to the Council, and also to the ratepayers of Runcorn.—Mr. Wiison seconded the in.,tion.—Mr. P. Speakman. LT., C.C.. supported the proposition, which, on being put to the vote, was car• red unanimously.—The Law Clerk said he had great pleasure in a•king Mr. Irnison to take the chair, and in congratulating him on the appointment.—Mr. Inaisen thanked the members for the hono .r they had conferred upon him.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TER ALECTION OF VICE•CILLIRDIAIL

----- Mr. P. Speakman Raid ho was pleased to propose the name of Mr. Lightbura for their acceptance as vice- chairman of the Council.—Mr. Kirkham seconded.— The proposition was carried unanimously.—Mr. Light- burn, in returning thanks. said it was the second occa- sion he had done so for being appointed vice-cbairmin. He was once appointed to the same position en the late Board. Be would endeavour to promote the trade and health of the town.

TUB TIME OF MERTING.

Mr. Pritchard moved that the monthly meetings of the Council be held on the first Thursday in each month at 10 30 a.m. He said that time had been more conveni- ent for the member; of the Board of Commissioners, and they found that they could get a better attendasce then than if the meeting was held in the evening.—Mr. P. Speakman seconded the motion, and it was carried unanimously. THE APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES. The Chairman said it would be more convenient if the Council would agree to the number of committoes being the same as under the Board of Commiasiosers. The committees were the Highways and Buildings, Health, Finance, Water, Parliamentary aud General Purposes, Markets,Technical Instruction,Byelaws,Baths, and Free Public Library. After some discussion it was decided that the whole council should constitute the committees named with the exception of the technical instruction, and free library comMttees. In the case of these two committees it was agreed to that they should be composed as follows : Free Public Library : Messrs. W. Handley, W. Hankinson, W, Collier, R.J. Once, R. 0. Posnett, S. Popo, T. Riley, J. Simpson, Rev. J. Simp- son, Rev. Capon Woad, and the Chairman of the Coun- cil. Technical Instruction. To oonsist of the whole of the members of the Council with the addition of .the fol- lowing genttomew from outside :—Rev. Canon Wood, Rev. J. Simpson, Dr. MacLennan, Dr. Mangan, Messrs. F. J. Norman. J.P., W. Handley, W. flankinnon. James Style, John Holt. Edward Key, Arthur Timmins, E. Gatley, William Mogen. and R Rowlinson. TUS NISRDRY WARD RETNESIOZTATIVES. Is order to cl,--cide the order in which the members for Mersey ward should retire,there having been no con- test, it was agreed that the Chairman should "draw " for them. Three Ow' of paper containing the names of the respective candidates were pt..^ed is a hag, and the result of the draw was that Mr. Kirkham will sit on the Council for three years ; Mr. Grice two, and Mr. Posnett one, before again appealing to the electors.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
TER CORPORATE ORAL.,

It was decided on the motion of Mr. P. Speakman, seconded by Mr. Wilson, that a committee consisting of the CAairman, vice-Chairman, and Mr. S. Taylor be appointed to adopt a corporate seal for the Csuncit,with power to order the same. It was pointed out that it was essential that it should be supplied as soon as possible. THE PENALTY FOR NON-ACCEPTANCE OF OFFICE. It was nroposed by Mr. Speakman, and seconded by Mr. Liehtburn, that the penalty to he paid by a coun- cillor on non-acceptance or resignation of office, should be £l. This was unanimously agreed to. THE STANDING ORDERS OF THE COUNCIL Mr. Speakman said he thought it was a time when they might have SOMA committee formed for the pur- pose of considering their standing orders. Ile thought their standing orders should he put on different lines to the old ones. They should aiS4 be put in the hands of the members of the Council, for the proper direction of their business. Mr. Lightburn also spoke in favour of the preprint. It was decided to appoint the following as a committee to deal with the matter :—The Chair- man, Vice-Chairman. Mr. Taylor, and Mr. Speakman.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MIDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT:

Dr. McDougall's report stated that the number of deaths registered during the past month amounts to 2. There were seven more inquest eases, and f the re- mainine 21 two were due to premature birth, two to senile decay, four to pneumonia, four to diarrhoea, two to tubercular disease, and one each to inflammation of the wind pipe, paralysis. heart diaeass, enteric fever debility, bronchitis and cancer. The 28 deaths showed an average death-rate for the twelve months of 16.8,and exclusive of the inquest cases 126 of the estimated population. Forty-seven deaths (five inquests) were registered during the corresponding month of last year. The report was considered very satisfactory. This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
3bberttamtnt6 not elasstfieb.

-- WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL, PADGATE.

ANNUAL TFA TUII,DAY NI-IL', BTH INST. TEA at 530 p.m. ENThRTAINEIiNT at 7-15 p.m.

113APTIsT CHAPEL, HOLBORN E-81 REET, WARRINGTON. To-MORROW (SUNDAY), the litv. D. W. ROBERTS, (Pastor).—Services 103 .6.30. Evening Subject.—" The Greatest Fight in the World." Svecial service for young men and maidens. Offertnry. All seats f ee.

THEATRE ROYAL_ & OPERA. HOLT6E,

_ _ ST. HELEN s. Sole Proprietor and Manager (Also lessee of Theatre Royal, Sheffie:d, and Theatre Royal, Leicester) Mr. VVALLatili REVILL, Acting Manager and Treasurer Mr. RDIIIARD SOA.I:M. GRAND ILLUMINATED DAY PERFORMANCES. E EnY SATUROAY AFTERNOON MIRING THE SEASON. • Doors open at 2 'oeluea. Commence at 2-15. NOTIL—The Day P, rbrrmances are La every respect pre- cisely the same as those given in the evening. Ch.ldron under 12 years ot age trait-price to al. p•rts. SATURDAY EVENING, JANUARY 5Ta, 1895, And every evening until un her lotice, wiil be produced on as ale of Druid Magnifiee.tce and Splendour, MR. WALLACE REVILL'S ..RIGGTH ANNUAL GRAND COMIC CiIRISTMA.S PANTOAIMIS ENTITLED" DICK WHITTINGTON."

Prices of Admission will be the same as charged daring tke previous s-ason's Pantomime —Private Boxes, £2 2s. and £1 10s. ; Dr.tss Grel-, 3s. (First Row, Dress) ; Orch.-stra Stalls. 25.; Upper Circle, Is. od.;Rntire Pit, Is. ; Amphi- thestre 91 ; Gallery, 6d. Half Puce at 9 o'clock to all Parts, Amphitheatre and Gallery ex:epted. Doors open at 7, Commence at 7-15, Saturdtys,

===== 0002601_18950105_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
hour earlier.

Early Doors will be opened at 6-30 each evening (Satin.- days, at 6 o'clock). Parties wishing to avoid the crush will be admitted by same on payment, of 3.1 extra to Gallery and Amphitheatre and 6d. extra to any other p.rts of the Theatre.

'VT AN xt onc, thoroughly food EN ARAL, with V porno knowledge of ,00king.--Mes. WEIR, 5, Leicester- et., Southport.

%ITANTED, ex pse. prie ,e:c dr ct y COAT Us Sl3tAt hlatm)-lAecluoP Ircp Lan- SS easter.

Nu-AN MD, re p.etable, strong GENERAL aged 20 to 26, V years; no washuag.-17, Drummond-road. Ho ..lase, Cheshire.

QOUTH WEST MANITOBA —For sale. splendid Farm 1,1 about, 500 acres well watered for et. cll. pric, R,1,000. Easy terms payment, or would exchange fOr small freet,ol.4, in Eugland.—Address MANITOIb N. 137, Upper Parliament-street, Liverpool,

WAN I ED, strong General SHRVAN I. able to wash, with good refereodes, another kept.—Apply 27, Beywoxt , Chreth ttn, Maoehe-ter.

GooD GIiNIiRAL, at once, for small family, no washing wa4es,£.l4 yer annum —A, ply Miss 10ThEr,1,46,,s,iffe. Grappeula 11, near Warrington.

VOICES WANTED (amsteurs pelerred) to train for opere: or concerts. (Interview at Manchester.) —Address °mos. 62. Queeu's-road, I.lsyswater, London.

IVO BB BOLD CHEAP, seven]. Broughams. Hansoms, Landaus. Side-light Co,,ehes, Gigs. Phaetons, Dog Carts. Governess Cars. Waggoa,,ttes. ,Onaraban,-s. Hearses. M.urn- ing Coaches, Saloon Punelist 'Busse...—Apply W. H. Hama, Eccles.ll road, sheffield.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT4S BY THE WAY AT EARLE,STOWN.

(BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR).

The old Board of Newton Improvement Commis- sioners have dissolved partnerships, ail after a general stroke down, they eaen departed on their several ways, some to re-assemble later on under a different name, others to hide their lights under a bushel. There has been a general sweeping out,. and dusting of old corners, so that when the brand new Councillors meet they will find everything spick and span,ancl a golden opportunity to make a new start in life. I hope, however, no spasmodic attempt at re-adjustment will be made,but that, our new governors will take example from Use old hands, and study carefully the course of events before launching out in any new ventures. lam not going to deny for a moment that some matters are urgent, and need immediate attention, but it would be well to lay to heart the wise old saw, " Look before you leap." 01' course, different sec- tions of the people have their own peculiar fads, and possibly each individual section would like its particular fad to receive first place in the attention of the Councillors. but " patience' must be the war cry.

The first meeting of the new Council isto be held Monday afternoon next, and I suppose at this gathering the two important questions to be decided will be the election ot chairmen, and the day and hour of the future general meetings of the Council. On the former question I have already given my views, and tke latter I suppose the Councillors will say, is their business. Well, it may be, and it is also the busine.s of the public too, for according to the Act the public ha% ea richt of admission to the monthly meetings ot tie o,uncil. But supposing the meetings are held in the middle of the after- noon, unless it be Saturday afternoon, what earthly chance will the public have of being present, especially working-men, in whose behalf the Act was principally framed. This however is a minor point, the chief point being whether the hour of meeting will be SO fixed, as to make it practicable tor working-men who are members of the Council to attend the meetings without sacrificing any por- tion of their hard earned weekly wage. Whrn a working-man is willing to devote himself to the service of his fellowmen, in this way, it is hardly fair that we should expect him to make a monetary sacrifice on our behalf as well. Therefore seeing that the Council is a democratic body, it should meet at a democratic hour, when working-men have finished their daily toil, as the Act really intended.

I wonder what local surprises the new year has in store for us, or what improvements are likely to be pushed forward. It is all "off," with the skating rink, but I wonder whether the public baths will become an accomplished tact. Of course the new Council by adopting the "public baths and wash- houses" Act, can supply us with a good plunge bath now, without any difficulty. Will the vexed night soil question be " removed off the face of the earth, never to be seen again ' (vide address) by Isome "crematory " process? Shall we be possessed before Dec. 31st ef a fire engine and amateur lire brigade? It it probable that we shall be able to wander along our main streets, shortly, without wallowing in inches of mud I' Do you think we shall be able to get an independent water Supply and retail it at less than sixpence per 1000 gallons? The market ground is being relaid with cinders &c., is it possible it will ever be covered in, and thus obviate a repetition of last Friday night's experience, when most of the stalls were over- turned by the storm? These are only some of the grand innovations promised, when the councillors were candidate.. What an interesting study to. watch the realisation of these promises?

They tell me that the distress and misery at pre- sent existing in llaydock is the keenest that has been known for a number of years. In fact dur- ing the great strikes which have prevailed in the coal trade, the people have never been so impo- verished as they are at present. It would need more space than you could allow, were Ito re- count the heartrending cases which have come under my notice this festive season. One instance I may m-ntion, a respectable hardworking collier,. a couple of weeks ago, after paying his drawer and other contributions had to take home, of the result of his labours the paltry sum of threepence, and on this, had to maintain a wife and five children. The poor fellow was so put about, that he actually act by the roadside and wept. This is only one eve among scorEs, but it is a sure indication, of the ex- tremely bad condition of trade. Thousands of t,ms of coal and slack is being stacked on the pit banks, and when this is the case it is pretty evident that ths poor fellows who labour below cannot be any- thing like fully employed.

The revenue returns relating to the period between April let and December Met show a net increase of re- venuei of £2,839,136. Property and income te X' showed Rn neres‘c ol £428,000, damns £1,074,029, Customs of £340,245, and Excise of £790,074. Wintry and stormy weather prevailed on Monday in many parts of the country. In some districts there were heavs, snowfalls, and in tho North of Scotland the drifts were so deep that several railway tracks were blocked. Consols (two and three-quarters per cent.) on Monday closed at 1031—the highest price ever reached by British funds.

• --- LADIES IS THIS TRUE P Do you worry because you lvoi no very pale, with Tips almost white and feel as thmgh ne.thing could re- store you to vigorous, happy hte ? If so, take Cork- urn's Tonic Blood Nis and fiN p worrying. They make cheeki like roses and delicate ladies strong. Of all Chemists in boxes at Is., 2s. Bd., and 4. 6d., or per Tyr t 21. extra direct from the m.kers, COCKBURN'S DRUG Floward-st., Glasgow. Agent for Rum.orn: MegErS. SPEAKMAN Bnos. 7 Eligh-street,VVarrinztou OOTS, Limited.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BOW TO DEFEAT OU It ENEMIES.

Everything that tends to weaken our constitutinn ano render it liable to disease is a' enemy of mankind, and everything that tends to withstand the attacks of thew enemies and to restore health and strength to the human system is a tree friend. Among the most prominent. in most dreadful. like so many gene. als in the attacking °Mos of the great enemy a mankind— hcith—miv be mentioned the following :—lndiyestion, liver cotnplaint, nervous disorders. and chest affec,ians, while the diff r- ent symptom., by which thea, diseases manifest them selves may be regarded as so many sub-officers in the ranks of the enemy. When any one of these attacks u, we may be certa.n that some of he others are close at • hand. The stomach, liver, lungs, nerves, arid blood, are portions of the body that the enemy is very urone to assail, and iflo succeeds in maintaining his p•asition for any length or time in any one of them, and is not quickly expelled, he soon extends his pernicious domin- ions to other parts of the body. Wh-n the st in Leh is dis *tiered, we may be certain that the enemy in amrie form or other has gained a foothold there, and lithe food t e not properly digested, the blood dies not receive a suffi- ciency of the vital particulars necessary to diffuse through all pi rrs of the system in onset to affdrd proper nourishment to the body. In our climate, atTections of the chest are very prevalent in the ha-m of colds, couglas bronchitis, asthma, Ste. By the insidious a. taeks ef hese various enemies of man, thousands are annually laid low and brought to a premature grave. This need not he case. The enemies can be defeated and ousted. Make a determined stand against their attacks. Soek the aid of true and tried friends to eject them when they have taken po.session of any part of the body. The best friend in such cases, and the one most certain to assist you in repelling the enemy under any of the above guises is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. It is a natural remedy, tieing entirely vegetable, each dose con- taining a suitable qoantity of Quinine, toge, her with the active principles of the following, well-known medi- cinal herbs :—Sarsaparilla. Chmtian, Burdock, Saffron. Lavender, and Dandelion, combined in most happy pro- portions, and concentrated in a pure state, as well as being scientifically prepared to be suitable to all agas, and at all seasons of the year. Ihove all see that, you get the right article, with the name GIVILYM Evass' QUININE BITTERS on S-amp, • Label, and Bottle. Refuse all imitations, and insist upon having NOTHING BUT GWILYNI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Prices : Botlles, 2. 9.i. ; double size, 4s. 6J. Sample bottles, 1. 41. To be had of all Chemists, or direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANITA'TURING CO., LTD., LLtNELLY. SOU l'H WALES.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFotib mAui6TuATES.

I

0

111

=

-;

I

-- TRAvELLING WITHOUT TICKET.—EXEMPLARY SENTENce. At the Warrington Borough Police Court, yesterday, before Dr. Gornall (chairman) and Mr. J. H. Fleming, Wm. Landon was charged with having on 28'h Nov. travelled on the London and North-Western railway from Acton Bridge to Warrington without having peid his fare. Defendant pleaded guilty.—Mr. Fenna, solici- tor, appeared for the company, and said the defendant . was formerly a clerk in the compaey's service, and on the 28th of last month he was seen to enter Bank Quay station with another man who took a ticket for one, but defendant did not take nue. At tae high level Tiletfortn both got into the 5.15 train to Crews, and the oak:els' suspicions being aroused at Warrington, word was sent to Crewe with the result that defendant was seen to get out of the train there. He got on a return train • later on, and at Warrington was seen to get over the wall of the station into Factory-lane. The ticket collec ter gave chase, but was unable to catch defendant. Though charged with travelling without, ticket from ' Acton Bridge it was proved that defendant had really come from Crewe.—James Shaw, porter at Bank Quay, deposed to seeing the defendant on the date in question get into the Crewe train and also saw him get out of another train arriving from that town at 844.— William Miller, guard of the train, also saw the defend- ant get out at Crewe and return to Warrington.—The Bench considered the offence a serious one, and fined defendant 20s. and costs (£2 03. 6.1. in all). He paid before leaving the Court. A. PUBLICAN Daum( ON His Own PREMISES. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Samuel Jones, "Smith's Arms," Legh-st., was charged with being drunk on his own licensed premises on the 24th December.—Defend- ant pleaded guilty.—Detective Inspector Spinks said that on Monday, 24th of December. P.C. Evers gave him some information which led to his going to defendant's house at 9.25. Hearing a noise, he went inside and found the defeedant behind the bar,drunk. He remon- strated with him and asked him to go upstairs and not make any more noise. Defenlant said he was not drunk, and followed witness out into the street. Shortly after- wards, hearing the disorder commencing again he went in and found defendant attempting to strike his wife and making use of very foul language.—Defendant said "1 had a drop too much beer and I own to it." His wife and he were not quarrelling but he had spoken to her that way because he was vexed.—Inspector Spinks said Mrs. Jones had conducted herself properly.—The Bench fined defendant sa. and costs. THIFT FROM A POTTERY. On Thursday morning at the Borough Police Court, Amy Harry, 42, Warburton-street, and Ann Floyd, 31, Warburton-street, were both charged with stealing from the pottery of Janses Grace, Winwick-road, on Wednes- day evening, two mugs, value is. 93.' or receiving them knowing them to have been stolen. Mr. Hunt (chief constable) said that on Wednesday evening. D.S. Monaghan was in Horsemarket-st. about seven o'clock, when he saw Floyd with something bulky under her shawl. He followed her to her daughter's house in Rose and Crown-street, and was in time to see her take a mug from under her shawl and put it down. On being questioned she said she had brought the mug from a woman .named Harris. She was brought down to the police station and then DS. Monaghan and D.I. Spinks went to Floyd's house and found the second mug, which had been brought by Harris who was apprehended. From other evidence produced it appeared that Harris had bargained with Floyd to get her a mug if she would give her (Harris) some food. Floyd did this under the impression that the money for the mugs would be stopped cut of Harris's wage.—Mr. J. Grace identi- fied the two mugs as his property, and said that Harris bad no right to take them. He wished that this system of petty thieving were put a stop to, as he had missed several articles of a like nature at different times. Two witnesses supported the statement that Harris bar- gained with Floyd in the terms descrihed.—The Bench sent Barris to gaol for 14 days' hard labour and Floyd was acquitted. ANOTHER MARKET THEFT. At the Borough Police Court on Thursday before Mr S. Chandley (chairman), Alderman Sutton and Major Ridgway, Ellen Richardson and Eazebeth Ann Whit- taker, both little girls, were charged with stealing from the market stall of Frederick Li+ tlewood, on Wednesday rnornin, two pairs of cotton gloves. valued 63. The Chief Conitable said that the coniolainant, Frederick Littlewood, resided at Cheetham, M inchester, and had ' a stall in the Warrington market. The first defendant is the daughter of James Richardson, 9, Stamford-St., and the second (9 years of age), is the daughter of Wm. Whittaker, N vlo r'a-y ard , off St a mford-st. From t he evidence it appeared that P.C. Meacock was in the market on the day in creation dressed in plain clothes and he noticed the two defendants loitering about com- plainant's stall. He ordered them off the mart(); but they returned and he this time saw the younger one, Whittaker, place her muff upon the stall and artfully draw the gloves into it and hand something to the elder girl. He gave chase and caught Richardson and hand- ing her over to Inspector McAteer, N.S.P.C:C., succeeded in catching the other. A pair of gloves was found hi the posseFsieon of each. The Chairman of the Bench severely reprimanded the two delendants who were dis- missed but a convicf ion was recorded against Richard- Ben as she appeared to be the instigator. The parents of the girls, who were present, promised to See that they both received the corporal punishment necessary. MINOR CASES.

--- WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. MONDAT.—B. fore the Mayor Councillor James Fair• dough), chairman, Mr. F. Monks, Aldermen J. E. Wright an Franc, mb, Messrs. J. W. Hayward and T. fireball. A hictzon-Fnyin.lN TROUBLE.—John Riley, or Turner, was charged with ea-milting James Il,lt,lior in Liverpool- road, on the 17th of Dec. P.C. Evans said that on the above date he was in Liverpool-road, near Powys-Street, when he saw the defendant and complainant fighting The officer separated them, and was informed by com- plainant that defendant had set upon Wm with a gang of pigeon-flyers, and beaten Wm.—James Melior,complain- ant, said that on the night In question he went into the "Ship " Inn and afterwarda into the " Bowling Green " Inn, to have a drink, and at the latter place there were several pigeon flyers, defendant among them, who insulted him because he would not •• treat" them. On going out one Strtlek him and knocked him down and was followed by d endant who caught him by the throat and held -him atzainst the wall. 0 rnoki„„,,s wife was also knocked down. The constable then hams up and took their names.—filrs. Mellor corroborated her husband's statemr-ot.—Defendant was ordered to pay 6,. 61. costa and was hound Over to keep the peace for six months in his own rut yot £5. Furious Duivitro.—Jmerm Quinn, gri engrocer, 27, Cartwright-et [et( was fined ss. and (mats tor furiously driving a pony and cart, in lt,dg,e-street, on the 26th Dec. S;Tgeunt Smith proved the cam.. MORE CAD AND PUS 'DRIVERS SUMMONED —Johnson cat-drive, 13 Friar's Green i was -narged with having unlawfully allowed his earl to stand airthout any one tring in charge thereof in Snntland-roaci, opposite Messrs. Wd'ker': vaults, on the 20th and 21st Decem- ber respectively.—PC. Foster said that at 10 p.m.on the 20,h of December he saw defendant's cab si anding out- side th- vaults in Sentland-road, for 55 minutes. There was no one in chow,. Sergeant Chyriev corroborated and said that defendant was not, as he alleged, standing

in the porch of the vaults watchirg his horse. P.C. Smith gave similar evidence with regard to the off .nce the next day—Defendant wai fine 1 2s. 61. .in each case. Frederick Mayling, 'Bus driver, 81 Well fiell-street,was charged with having on 22 Dece nber unla,vfully allowed a bug of which he was driver, to be overerowded.—Mr. A. Briiwne, solicitor, defended. —P.O Bell sail that at 3 15 rn the day named he was in Buttermarket-stte it when he saw the defendant driving three horses attached toots omnibus. Insiite there were 19 adults instead of 15, the regist-red number. He aaked dofenilant for his name but ceuhl not get anything but his number.—Mr. Browne for he defence, contended that the weather on that day waa so bad that there waa an eacui.e for people crowding irside and the driver bAng in charge of the horses could not see who got in. A boy acted as con- ductor.—The bench decided, tinder the extenuating circumstances, to fine defendant is. TIIISDAY.—Refor, Messrs. Rot,ert Garnett (in the chain, ___. . . .

E J. Gus ,st and 0, St.rkey Smith. DRUNK AND REFIIKND TO QUlT.—Ch4rles MeKirley and William Lyons, two soldiers stationed at the Orford Bairacks,wer- charged with belt], drunk and disor ±erly in Winwick-r at on the previQug night., refusing to quit the premi.es of the Unicorn Inn, and aqßaolting the landlord.—P.C. Rvlett deonsed that- about 10 30 on the previous night he was in Winwick-road, in company with PC. Gihts. They were informed of a diiturhance at the Unicorn Inn, and on proceeding there they found the two prisoners outsi le. l'hey were drunk and had theirbelts if, and were eh dlenging anyone to fight They had brok-n the windows, in the door of the Unicorn.—The landlord stated that the men came into the house and asked tc he supplied with d -ink, which was refused owing to their heing drunk MerKirler then iaid "Throw me out," throwing down h;s stick and gloves as a challenge. Re (witnes.) put him nut, hut he came bark, and a light ensu,d. They were put out, and on his closing the door to prevent them striking him, they broke the windows. They struck a man who was in the house on the h ,ad with a belt —ln answer to witness 114 vine kn ,ctred him down and kicked him. Another witness an P.n. Gihbs c.orrnbor- aterl.—The Chairman said he thought the public ins of warringtnn had a diffir•Allt bn.ineaa to conduct. and they must he protected in the dlicharge of the;r duty and men ought not to be allowed to go on like this! whether it was Christmas 13. v nr New Year's Day. Charles McKirlev weold he fin d 104. and costa, in default of payment 14 days; and W;1 jam Lyons Si. and costs, or Revert days THURSDAY —l3,fore Mr. S. Ch (c.kairman),Ald.

Su no an M •inr fUdgway. APPLTCATION FOR A WARRANT —lnventor MoAtPAr applied for a warrant again Frederkk Roberts. .30 I.,Picoiter-St. fo. wdfollY nv lecting his ann. aged Pi Ir. The neglect, it WWI alleged, c n4lated in Roberts leavi the boy out at all times nf the night. and having on the first of the preaent month kieked the boy nut nf the house and left him nut till 12 at nirtlit. It was the InzpPctnit's onininn that the tinv was systematically neglected. Defendant, who was orPaent, said that he was going blind and could not work, hut on a recnm- mendatino from the twirl) he deckled to go into the workhouse taking his children with him.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. SATURDAY —Before Mr T J Gillespie (ehaitman), Colonel J. L Woed, and WWI'S. A. C. Meorquedale, Norman Me.Cergend,lo. and 11. Stone. DRUNKENNESS.—Fnr this offenc,, Martin Larkin, Michael Corner. Jot Hilton, and John Bowden of Newton, Patrick Tryee, and John Nllll4. of Havelock, and William Snitm, and Jernes Prescott, of Gollserne, were fined 24 61. and cnste, and l'homas Morley, and Simuel Ellis, of Newton, sa. and ceets. DOGS Ar LARGR.—Janws B ,lren and John Dickeneon. Golberne ; Themes Traeis, Herd-elk ; and John Finnegan, Nevenn, were fined 7e. 63 for all ewing their dogs to he at lane unmuezled. BRFACTI OF TUB PEACE,—Frederi^k Archer, and Thomas Ball, were each benne over for six months, for firliting ill Newton on Oet-nberfl.h. i CHIMNEY ON FIRE.—J,hn Hayward, Newton, was tined 3,4.6 e. for allowing his chimney to be on fire on November 24. h. REFUSING TO PAY HIS TRADIFARR.—Jnhn. Weir, Hay- dock, was charged with travAline frem St. Helens to Fleeelork on December 15. in the tram, without having Paid hie fare. The defendant did not appear. Mr. Masvev, snlieitnr, St. Helene, who prosecuted on behalf of the St. Helene Tramway Company, said that defend- ant was a passenger hv the 11.5 p.m. tram from St. Helene Havdoek. It was the custom to collect the !area be penny stages. The first stage was at Newton Bank. and Jones, the conductor, asked the defendant at this plane for his fare. Defendant replied that he had previously paid and got his ticket. When' the tram reached Havelock, the inepector went round to examine tickets and dere +dint was unetle to produce one He was taken to the police station, and he then admitted that he hid not paid his fare. making the excuse that he had been drunk.—Evidenee in simport of the ease was given by the conductor. Jones, the in- spector, Reynnlds, and P.C. Blackman, and the defend- ant was fined 104. and costs. PICK STEALIVG IN THE ATDOCE rOLLIERIES.—ThOS. CMIle, collier, WM eliarZed With :•tealinSr OD the Dec. 17, a colliers pick, valued ls. 61., the property of Thos. Cunliffe. Mr. Steert, who praserefed, said that •Cun- lift.) had been instructed to proceed with the case by Messrs. Richard Evans and Co.. and thee were wishful for as heavy a penalty as the Bench could inflict. There were numerate instances of pink stealing in the col- lieries, and in the particular colliery where the present case happened, there had been so many that Messrs. Richard Evans were determined to put a sop to it. Cunliffe hitneelf had lost no fewer than eleven picke,and had only sueceederl in recovering one. Of course they did not charge Crane with stealing them all. It Was a very difficult thing to brine a charge home to those who emmitted the thefts. It was the custom at the colliery, when the colliers had finished their work; to bring up their eieke and take them to the sharpeners to be sharpened for the next day. The picks were marked with the initials of the owner, and the next morning, the colliers tnek them themselves from the place where they were thrown in a heap. It would he noticed that the initials of the two men were the same.—T. C., and Crane took advantage of that to teke the proseeutors pick on the day in ;question. It happened, however, that Cunliffe's pick wag a patent pick, cad there were also other tn,rko upon it. On the date in question. Con- life went down the pit. expecting a. mare of his, named Stokes to brine down his pick, but an Stokes ALI not do so. he went up again, hitt failed tn find his reek He then went down, and in company with fireman, went round to the various cellieriee, and just as they came in sight of the defendant, thee saw him throw a pick away. Upon looking at this ph le. Cunliffe at once iden- tified it HS belonging to him, They spoke to Crane about it, and he said that he had tnken the pick down by mis- take, owing to the initiate beim: the same. Evidence was given in support of Mr. Stuart's statement by Thos. Cunliffe, Amos Simmons, the fireman, Edward Flarrnp, the sharpener, George Stokes, and P.C. Addieon.—De- fendant repeated that he had taken the pick by mis- take, and paid that he hal patent picks as well as Cun- liffe.—The Bench considered the case proved, and fined him 10s. and costs,ar in default 14 days. , A SLEEPY lironkes was fined 51. and costs for driving a dray in Newton,on Dec. 13, while he was asleep. OnsTancTion or Tun 80/M.—William Fielding was

I

•

===== 0002601_18950105_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1895. FOOTBALL.

'THE SECRET OF HEALTH.'

fined 53. and costs for leaving his horse and trap an iinrea,onable length cf time in Cross-lane, Newton, on Dec. 11. APPLICATION FOR. THE RE-OVENING OF A CASE.—Mr. Stuart applied on behalf of Mr. Abbott, builder, Chorley, for the re-opening of a case which was decided ai,ainst his client on the previous sessions day. He said that Mr. Abbott had been fined for allowing some property f his in Golborne to be tenanted before having been passed by the local surveyor, and he had not appeared when the case wag called. He had left Chorley that morning but had inissed his connection, on the way. He telegraphed to the court explaining the matter, but the telegram did not arrive until the business of the court was finished. His application was that the case should be restored and heard the next court day.—The bench ruled that the case could not be re-heard. INFRINGEMENT OF TRH BUILDING BYE-LAWS.—John Lea, Crow-lane, was summoned by the Newton Board of Improvement Commissioners in two instances for c-an- miffing breaches of bye-laws 31 and 42 between the 31st Oct. aryl 15th November, by (1) connecting certain drain pires in a contrary manner to that approved by the Board,and (2) by neglecting to comply with a notice signed by the Commissioners' Surveyor requiring him (defendant) to do the work in question properly.—Mr. J. E. Worsley, law clerk to the Commissioners, prose- outed, and Mr. Stuart, solicitor, defended.—ln openinm his case Mr. Woreley stated that the hearing had been adjourned from the last court day in order that the summsms might be amended, Mr Stuart having on that occasion, taken objection to a portion cf it. He (Mr. Woraley) had hoped that, during the interval, the work would have been done by the defendant, but that wa, not the case, and the hearing would have, consequently to proceed. The defendant had deliberately committed a violation of the bye-laws cited, and if the obj-ctions raised against the case were defeated then Mr. Worsley hoped that the bench would inflict as heavy a penalty as the legislature allowed. The defendant had recently erected property at r Earleatown, but before doing so submitted plans, showing the proposed drainage system to the Board of Commissioners. Those plans met the re- quirements of the members and were approved. Having concluded the drains it was the duty ofthe defendant to have called in the Board's Surveyor. Mr. R. Brierlev, so that that gentleman might have inspected them. The defendant should then have obtain,cl a certificate from the Board that everything had been properly done. He had not done anything of the sort, however, but had covered the drains up without giving the least notice. Mr. Brierley subsequently had the drains unearthed and found them to be insanitary and dangerous to health. Mr. Brierley afterwards saw defendant and gave him 48 hours in which to do the work perfectly, but the work not having been done,these proceedings had been tßken. —Mr. Richard Brierley, clerk and surveyor to the Board gave evidence relating to the fault; drainage, and in answer to Mr. Stuart expressed it as his opinion that the defendant had probably saved £4 or £5 through Putting smaller and fewer pipes down for drainage pur- posea.--Mr. Stuart, for the defence, thought that the offence was not at all a serious one. His client had felt sore because he was forced to put down six-inch pipes when only four inch pipes had been put down nn certain property near to that which defendant had erected, and vet nothing had been said to the builder in this case. He held that his client could net be convicted for contra- veninr, bye-law 42 because no notice of these proceedings was given to him.—Defendant was fined 403. and code.

---- RVNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MoNnay.—Before Dr. SNsele (chairman) and Mr. T. Handley. Doss AND Tama OWNERS.—A boatman named Wm. Martin, of Brick-kiln Houses, Runcorn, was summoned for having on the 27th November allowed a dog to he at large in Canal-st.,and also with keeping the dog with- nut a licence. Defendant pleaded not guilty. P.C. Butler deposed that on the date named he Paw a fox terrier bitch in Canal-st. without collar or muzzle. tie followed the dog to the defendant's house, when a little girl, who was in charge, told him that. the dog belonged to n lodger named Joseph Smith. On the 30th N,vernher he went to serve a summons on Smith,but when he went to do so at the defendant's house, the girl told him that the lodger had gone, and taken the dog with,him. Re heard a dog barking upstairs, and asked for it to be brought I down. He at once recognised the dog as the one he had seen at large on the 27th ult.—The defendant con- tended that the dof was not his, and WAR a strange dog, ' his clauAter had taken into the house.—The magistrates tined him 59. and Es. BA. costs. ISRAULTING HIS WIFIC.—ThomaR Gandy, 14, St. John- at., pleaded guilty to assaulting his wife, to whom he had been married seven months.—Mrs. Gandy stated that on the 22nd of December, her husband came home the worse for drink, and heat and kicked her. She WAS 11l in bed through it from Saturday until Tuesday night. He had frequently assaulted her when in drink, hut when " out of drink he was right enough." She wished him to be bound over to keep the peace.—The magis- trates ordered the defendant to be bound over to keep the peace for six months and to pay the costs ; or in default 14 days' imprisonment. CTLAROK OF ASSAULT —William Green, a soldier, was charged with unlawfully assaulting Charles Rowles, at Michael McGrath's lodging-house, on Christmas day. The complainant stated that on the date named the defendant came to the lodging-house, and afPer they had had a few words, gave complainant "a smack on the ear-hole." The defendant denied this, and stated that he was struck by the complainant. The case was dismissed. -- WARRINGTON COUNTY PETTY SESSIONS. WEDNARDAY.—Before Mr. ~John Rylands and Mr. W.

Mortimer. ASSAULTING THE POLICE.—Sohn Banks was charged wilh being drunk and diserderly in Newton on the 31ei December, and also with assaulting P.C. William Green, wWlst in the executinn of his duty.—P.C. Burns saki that on the date in question he arrested the prisoner in Earl-Bt., for beim.' drunk and disorderly. When brought to the police station P.C. Green helped witneen to pu. defendant in the cells, and while doing so Green we: - struck in the face by defendant.—P.C. Green who ap- peared with one eye bandaged, corroborated, and de- fendant was fined 5. for the firet offence and WA. arc; costs for the Secomi. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY —Thomas Grounds was fined 2a. 61. and costs for committing this offence at Orford. on 21st December. ASSAULT WITH A POKER.—Nathan Garai) was charged with assaulting John Baines at Newton, or the 26th December.—John Baines, complainant, said that nnthe 26th Derembor he visited th,- defendant's house and asked him some ques- titms about his daughter, which defendant evi- dently resented. The result was a quarrel, and as corn_ Iplainant was leaving the house defendant struck him on the head with an iron bar.—A fine of sa, and costs was imposed on Garvil. Doo OWNERS FlNED.—David Weston, Penketh, fined 2. 61. for allowing Ws dog to be at large on the 16th December : Thomas Woolley far the same offence, cem- mitted at Sankey , was tined 7a. 6.1., including costs,hav- ing been previously catition.d. ...........------ ?dr. Henry Coo. of Duncan's Farm, near Lavenhamt Suffolk, after returning tram Sudbury on Friday night, apparently in excellent health, took a double-barrelled gun, and, in the preqence of his wife and children, placed tlae muzzle under his jaw and blew half his head away, death being instantae eous.

dead within 15 minutes. With the 5 per

fectsnt Soap a

RUGBY. WARRINGTON A. v. STOCKPORT A. The first team had no fixture on Saturday, and con- sequently the A team had the day to themselves. They bed the previous week been defeated by Stockport A, and as they again met on Saturday they were deter- mined to wipe out the score with interest. The wind and the weather generally, however, spoiled their chance of rubbing it into the Stockport men, and they only managed to win by a bare in of a try to nil. The time announced for the kick off was 2.45, but it was about 3.25 betore the match began. Just before the players eritered the field, a severe storm burst over the field, but fortunately it cleared up before acei ve operations commenced, and it kept fair until near the end of the match,al- hough old Boreae was having a rare innings to himself all the time, and pleyed some queer pranks with the hall There was only a small attend- ance, which is not to be wondered at considerine the weather. He must be an enthusiast indeed who faced the storm on Saturday to see the game. Those whe were not on the grand stand, and had to bear the brunt of the storm which came on towards' the end of the game were sincerely to be pitied. Towards 3.25 thirty oold-looking players came on the ground to commence ' operations under tee direction of eh. Berry, of Fails- worth, and the following was the composition of the teams :_Warrington : Full baok, Boscow ; three quar- ters, Lawless, Appleton, Thornton, and Forster ; half backs, Bennett and Forster; forwards, Randalls, Hill, Burton, Houghton, Freece, Saunders, Swift, and Barrett. Stockport : Full back, Haslarn ; three-quarters, Brown, Sands, Alcock, and Hasnett : half hacks, Heaths cote and Goaclall ; forwards, Mills, Leavy, Hay- ward, Miller, Walker, Chaeiburn, and Stafford. Stockport were fortunate in winning the toes, and , during the whole of the first half they had the assistance , of a very strong wind. Burton, who it will be noticed, played in the forwards, kicked off for Warrington to- wards the pavilion goal, and the ball being poorly re- turned, Warrington were quickly on the way to the ' visitors' lines,but found a stumeiing block in Haslam,the old Cheshire and Yerk4hire county player, who by a good kick found touch at half-way. From the subse- quent fine cut, Warrington again made tracks for the Stockport goal, but too much eagerness spoiled the effort, and only a minor resulted. Warrington were re- peatedly within an ace of scoring in the teeth of the gale, and had very hard lines indeed. At leneth from a general melee, Lawless secured, and d dein !lAlcoele,ra,n fre;ne the quarter line closely followed by Alcock and Heenett, but he succeeded in grounding Just its time. Lawless made a fine attempt at goal, but the wind blew the ball just outside. Up te this point Stockport had never been over the half wee, It ne,but now they breke a- way with a splendid dribble,and succeeded in getting the ball over the Warrington line, but Biscow was very alert, and touched down. This was the last effort of Stockport this half, and Warrington were just prevented from scoring by Hasler-a making his mark when sur- rounded by the Warrington forwards. Ws kick sent the ball well ,tit of danger and half time soon after- wards arrived with the score of a try to nil in favour' of Werrington. Mills kieked off after the interval, and it was generaely expected that with the wind Warrington would carry all before them, hut for a short time Ssockpert more than held their own, amd almost equalised several times. War- rington at length got away by a forward rush, and during the rest of the game they were continually press- ing. Burton had now gone half back, and B4scoW who had nothing to do as full back,appearrsd to have a roving commission, and was to be seen continually in the thick of the fray. The severe weather, however, completely spoiled the play,and after about ten minutes play in this half, a heavy hailstone came down with terrific forte and oompletely finished up the players. They played on to the end in a sort of lackadaisical, care for nothing manner, and they were very glad when the whistle sounded for full:time with the score still standing at oRe try to none for Warrington. WARRINGTON V. KENDAL tiORNETS.—On examining the Wilderspool ground on Tuesday morning the afficiale of the Warrington Club found it in such a state, owing to the hard frost, that it was unfit for the above match to take plaCe, and accordingly an early telegram was deepatched to Kendal cancelling the fixture. STOCKTON BRAWL V. ST. HELENS RECS. "A " This match match took place at Stockton Heath, on Saturday. The hcmesters were mines six of their usual forwards. The homesters kicked off against the wind, and after the Rocs had had hard lines, play was transferred to the visitors' lines, where from a miskick by the visitors' back Gregory scored. In the second half play ruled very even, and nothing further being scored Stockton Heath ran out vietors by one try to nil. ASSOCIATION. WARRINGTON V. BARNToN Rovlies.—Played at War- rington, on Tuesday, before a good gate. The visitors pressed from the start, and after Webster had saved several hot shots Harris beat him with the one low down Warrington had the best of the remaining play. Wright kept goal safely, and one or two of his saves , from Connorowere really smart ones. At halc-time the 'score stood Barnton Rovers one goal, Warrington nil. , After a brisk restart Connor missed a sharp chance, Linaker being particularly daegerous with a long shot. The visitors then had their turn. flitchens lost them their chance by shooting wide. Even and interesting play followed. Jewkes equalised from a pass by Wilson. final result—a draw, one goal each. Sr. ELPIIIN'S V. GOLBORNE PARISH CHURCH.—rnis match was played at Golborne on Saturday in a great storm of wind and hail. Only 20 minutes were played each way, and the play Was of a very straggling cherac- ter, as the wind and the sodden state of time ground pre- vented any accurate play In the field or shooting at close quarters. The home side had a full team with one exceptinn,while the Saints had to take subs for Marshall, Taylor, Phoenix, snd Tickell. In the first half the home side scored once, and led at half-time by a goal. In the second half Forbes equalised for the visitors, and the game ended in a draw of one goal each. WARRINGTON Sr. MARY'S V. WARRINGTON L. & N.W. ALBloNs.—The above re-played League match, which was the result of a protest lodged by St. Mary's, took place on Wednesday on the ground of the former. The previous match net in a win fer the Albions by 4 goals to 1. St. Mary's were strongly represented, J. and T. Mather of the Werrington Ist Team being included in their ranks. The Albions however could not place their best team on the field, albeit they proved much too strong for them, and ran out easy winners by 6 goals to 0; Hunt claiming 3 goals, Conner 2, and Webb 1. FORMBY RANGERS v. WARRINGTON Sr. ELPIIINFL— These teams met at Formby on Tuesday. Forbes started for Warrineton, but nothing come of it. After both ends had been visited in turn a pored many times Fyfe scored for Formby. A few minutes after the same player added another. Half-time: Fotmby Rangers, 2 goals; Warrington, nil. Final result: Formby , Rangers, 6 goals ; Warrington, nil. BANK-STREET MiSqION V. Sr. ELPIIIN'S Resgavre—The above match was played on Tuesdey, New Year's 13 my. on the ground of the latter,Dalton Bank. The mission won the toss awl started with six men, Pendlebury scoring almost immediately. St. Elphin's then played up viz.,- ously but the visitors kept them front scoring until the arrival of the rest of the team. Play then opened out, J. Duckworth putting in a long shot, which the goalkeeper could not hold, Boles Worth rushing the ball through, the interval arriving with the visitors leading by two goals to none. In the second half Ss. Elphin's opened he scoring from a well placed corner. Soon afterwards Bniesworth scared aimin for Rank-street and Radford for Mt. Elphin'S and the finish of a well-contested game was Bank-street 3 goele. S'e El nhie's 2-

LYMII URB IN DIbTRICT COUNCIL.

The first meetin! of this Council was held in the Board-room on Monday night. There were present— Dr. Williamson, ant Messrs. J. R. Smith, E. Brown, W. A. Dewhurst, S. A.mlecon, S W. Gould, Edwin Holt, G. L. Welford. J. Grevon, and A. Mclntyre, Ridgway (law ,lerk), and Milliard (clerk). Mr. Appleton proposed Mr. Brown as provisional chairman, to take the vote on the appointment of chairman.—Mr. Smith seconded.—Mr. Ridgway : I do not see what you are driving at in that rosolution, as the provisional chairman will not have a casting vote.—Mr. Welford I think he has.—Mr. Holt thought it had nothing to do with it.—Mr. Brown was elacted unanimously.

ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN. Mr. Brown then took the chair, and said the first business was to apnoint a chairman, to take office until the 15th April, 1895.—Dr. Williamson.—Before we take the vote I should like to move a rosolction that the' chairman elected shall have a majority of votes of the members preEmt.—Mr. Smith seconded the resolution. —Mr. Gregson moved an amendment to the effect that Vie one who got the highest number of votes indepen- dent of the members present be elected.—Mr. Dew- hurst seconded.—On the amendment being put, five voted for it, and .five for the resolution.— Mr. Wedford : I think Mr. Brown has a casting vote.— Mr. Ridgway : As the Chairman is not the chairman of the Council, he has no casting vote. I can quite see that Mr. Brown's position has not been contemplated at all, and, therefore you cannot go outside the four corners of the Act.—Mr. Welford : I cannot remember where! have road it, but I think it is somewhere stated that the provisional chairman has a casting vote.—Mr. Ridgway : You are doing something not contemplated by the Act. When you get a chairman appointed you can deal with the business as it arises.—Mr. Brown : Caneot I claim the full powers of the chairman P—Mr. Flolt : That would create a minority into a majority.— Mr. Smite said he had been a member of Manchester Corporate bodies for a number of years, and bad never known it otherwise than the chairman having a casting vote.—Mr. Ridgway : I think you are out of order ;if one man gets three votes, another three, and another four, he with the four would have the majority of the votes.—Matters had come to such a deadlock that Mr. Ridgway suggested that the officials and the reporters leave the room, and that the members have a trial vote as to whe should be chairman, so that when the re- porters came bank it could be put and carried. The reporters and officials then withdrew' and on being re- admitted, a few minutes afterwards, Mr. Dewhurst pro- posed t kat Mr. Gregson be the chairman until the 15th April,lB9s.—Mr. Gould seconded, and on being put the following voted for it :—Aessrs. Gould, [Felt, Dewhurst, Williameon, Appleton, and Gregson.—The resolution was then declared carried.

ELECTION Or VICE-CHAIRMAN. Mr. Smith moved that they have a vice-chairman.-- Mr. Gould seconded, and it was carried.—Mr. Holt then proposed Mr. Welford as vice-chairman.—Mr. Appleton s.ronded, and it was carried.—Mr. WelfGrd briefly replied, and said he would try and assist Mr. Gregson in any way he could. THE APPOINTMENT Or COMMITTEES.

The following committees were appointed :—Building and Fire Committee : Messrs. Appleton, Gould and Holt. Finance Committee: Messrs. Brown, Dewhurst, Smith and Holt. Gas Committee : 'Messrs. Dewhurst, Holt, Mentyre and Williamson. Roads Committee : Messrs. Smith. Gould, Mclntyre, and Dewhurst. Sani- tary Committee : Messrs. Brown, Appleton, Smith and Williamson. School Attendance Committee: Messrs. Brown, Williamson and Welford. Sewage Farm Com- mittee : Messrs. Appleton, Smith. Gould and Mclntyre. On the motion of Mr. Appleton, seconded by Mr. Gould, it was decided that the chairman and vice-chair- , man of the Council be ex officio members of each com- mittee.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANZOIIS.

Mr. Smith moved that the meetings be held as before, and that the time be seven o'clock, instead ot six.—Mr. Holt seconded, and it was carried. It was decided that the next meeting be held on Tuesday, the Bth January, and that it be the first or- dinary meeting. Mr. Ridgway asked the Council to authorise the Clerk to get new cheques for the general and gas accounts. Then there was the qumtion of having a new seal, or the old one altered.—Mr. Gould proposed that the Clerk be authorized to get new cheques, and that the I old seal be altered.—Mr. Smith seconded, and it was carried. Mr. Gould moved that in the event of any candidate not accepting the offile of urban district councillor, or wishing to resign. instead of being fined £2O, he befined the sum of £1 B.—Mr. Welford seconded, and it was passed. On the motion of Mr. Welford, seconded by Mr. Holt, it was decided to write to the Local Government Board, to invest in this Board the powers of the Parish Council. —Mr Brown: D we have the control of the charities under that?—Mr. Ridgway: You have all the powers of the Parish Council. - Mr. Welford: Cannot we have more accommodation for the press, they seem to be pushed out anywhere ? Mr. Smith: Yes, could we not have a small table ?--It was explained that the representatives of the press usually occupied a table to themselves, but owing to the greater numher of members there was no room for them

rust then. Mr. Smith : Am I in order in asking whether we Rh ou Id have the office of the Local Board open P—Mr. Ridgway : You cmn discuss anything.—Mr. Smith : Can we not have the office open a few hours daily P—The Chairman : We shall need a resolution.—Mr. Brown :It is very hard on people coming from a distance to find the office closed.—Mr. Welford : Don't you think it would be best to give notice of motion that the matter he discussed at: the next meeting ?—Mr. Smith then gay. notice that h would move at the next meeting that the office he open daily. The Board then rose.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETINGS. STOCKTON FIECTFI. The first meeting of the S'ockton Heath Parish Council Was held on Monday evening, in the Church Schoolroom, when there were present—S'ockton Heath Ward, Messrs. C. W. Davenport, William Richardson, Ashton Haves, F. Pearson, John Iledgenek. Thomas Flamnson, and William Crsppock ; Appleton Ward, Messrs. Hugh Darhyshire, John Marsh, John Whitlow, John Darby- shire, lienrY Eves, Robert Roughseclge, James Britch, jun., and John Ellison ( issiatant overseer). The MPM- -IPerS of the Council haying marle the declaration required by law on aeceptance of office, Mr. Eyes moved that Mr. Davenport he appointed chairman of the Council This was seomded by Mr. Darhvshire and carried unani- mously. The Chairman in reply said that he very highly appreciated the honour conferred upon him that night. He would endeavour to conduct the meetings in such a manner that with their help they would work amicably together. it showed the good feeling which existed, by a member of the Stockton Heath ward being selected by the Appleton ward. If that good feeling continued during their term of office they would have no reason t regret it. On the motion of the Chairman. seconded be Mr. Hayes. Mr. John Marsh was appointed vice-cha'rman. On the motion of Mr. Coppnck,seconded by Mr. Hayes, Mr. Ilan Ellison was appointed clerk. After some -discussion, Mr. John Murray, Parr's Bank- ing Company and the Alliance B tnk Limited, was ap- pointed treasurer to the Council. The next- business was " to provide the finds required by the Parish Council for the Payment of the exnenses incurrad in relation to the Parish meeting, and to the poll, and for other pur- poses." Mr. Eyes said if the meeting could see its way to sign a precept for £3O, and pay it to the treasurer, they would have a fund to work upon as they needed. The expenaes were £23 for the two polls, but there were the district expenses to he taken eff that. He expected the Guardians would nay the cost of the election of the District Council. The Chairman proposed that the amou it he £5O. Mr. Richardson seconded, and the motion was agreed to. Tril3 BOnOtreirt EXTRNSION. The CLatUt read a letter which had been received from the Town Clerk of Warrington with reference to the Proposed extension of the Borough to the Ship Canal. He said the overseers had instructed him to write deferring their answer until thta meeting of the Parish Council ha" been held.—The Chairman said that if the extension took nlace they i Appleton would lose a rateable value er £2.601 Owing re the Shin Canal they had already lost £5OO. The rateable value of both wards was over £15,000. Mr. Eyes thought the wisest course to adopt Was to oppose the extension without going into details at all at present until they got to know the opinion of the County Council, the Ship Canal Company and the London and : North-Western Railway Company. The Clerk to the Guardians was in correspondence with all three bodies. —The Clerk said an intimation had been made to the overseers to the effect that a local ingliry would n,) doubt be held by the Local G-vernment Board, and tie Corporation desired to meet this authority to lay before them proposals, and if possible to come to an amicable arrangement. The Corporation would she pleased to know when it would he'ennyenient to receive a deputa- tion from them.—Mr. Pearson moved a resolution to the effect that the extension of the Borough bouridary to the S!,ip Canal be strongly opposed by the Council This Was seconded by Mr. Whitlow and carried unanim- 011417. It was decided to fix a date for the conference with the Corporation at the next meeting of the Parish Council which will be held shortly. BURTON WOOD. The first Parish Council meeting was held at the Board School, Burtonwool, on Monday evening. Mr. Richard Forshaw presided. There were also present— Messrs. A Jackson, W. Sephton, T. Belfield..T. Werbur- ten, •I'. Noroott, W. Fairolough. W. Southern, and I. Forster (assistant overseer). The declarations having!, all been signed, the Chairman said the next tsusiness was the appointment of Chairman. It was proposed and carried that Mr. A. Jackson he appointed chairman.that Mr .William Fairclough be vice-chairman, Mr. Murray, of Parr's Banking Company, he treasurer, and Mr. I. Forster clerk. The next meeting was fixed for January 31st. A hearty vote of thanks was accord d to Mr. Richard Forshaw for the able manner in which he dis- charged his duties as parish chairman. Mr. Forahaw hriefiv rennet and Mr. A. Jackson and Mr. William Fairclough thanked the meeting for the honour conferred upon them by the council. A hearty vote of thanks to all the other officials brought the meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
A LAND OF SHIM' CONTRASTS.

-- What a land of sharp and terrible contrasts is the great Republic of the United States! At no timc in the year more than the present do misery and hi *ger pervades Chicago, and yet, sat s the " Daily Chronicre,'' nowhere, perhaps, in the American Union 14 the ostentation of more wealth se great. A few d ays ago a railway train composed of fifteen carriages, which cost nearly £1.00.000 to build, left that city with a few families,who were journeying to a wedding at Burlington, Iowa; and the heads of families in the train repre.ented fortune exceeding in the aggregate £100.000.000 Never has such a luxurious train or so wealthy a body of passed gers, it is said, travelled over a Western railway since railways had existence. Then the president of one rail- way went to the wedding in his own railway carriages described as a perfect palace on wheels; the president of tfie Western Union Telegraph Company WAS there and with his new £lO,OOO railway carriage; and the officials of the Pullman Company travelled in a gorgeous special carriage. With music and feasting, surrounded by every form of luxury, this handful of millionaires swept out of a city where hunger held high carnival ; swept over th., prairies where the farmers, debt crushed and monopoly robbed, were brooding over the year's black record ; On to the marriage feast at the palatial house of one of their own millionaire class.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
HAYDOCK.

Tiro w YEAR.—The ushering in of the New Year was carried out in a rein trkably quiet manner. Watch services were held on New. Year's Eve at the different places of worship, and were very well attended. Work was suspended .at the collieries during the week until Thursday marning. Oa New Year's night a dance was held at the new schoolroom attached to the St. Alban's mission, a fair number tviing present. GENERAL NEWS.

--- A he• broke out at an earls' hour on Wednesday morn- ing in a laundry owned by Madame Mirtin in Edgware road, London. It spread with appalling rapidity. Eleven fire engines were quickly in attendance, hut all the firemen could do was to keep the flames from spre +d- ing to the adjoining buildings. Five charred bodies were afterwards found in the ruins, and it is stated that at least three other persons have been burned to death. According to a telegram frcon St. Petersburg, the Russian Government, desiro is of sf Ming the Pamir question amicably, have made great concessions to Great Britain.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
•

POSTAL INFORMATION

•

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEIIK-DAY DEBPATCI/3S.

Showing the the time to which a Letter can be poste with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra lialfPenn Stamp.

With Or- dinary Postage up to

2-15 a.m.

4-0 a.m.

5-15 am.

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m.

10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

Ll-30 a.m.

11-30 am

1-50 p.m.

1-0 p.rv.

1-25 p.m.

L-40 p.m

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 o.m. 4-0 p.m 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m,.

10 -30 pm.

U-15 p.m.

Ril-DASTOWN AND NEWTON. }Um-) Digh-Bt.. POr3T M AST Ea ••• Mr. James Hone, of j Weel,-4sys, (am. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. Alinclitva to 10 a.m. Box closes at Ttif, Telegraph °dice is °pea ^I) Week-dav from 7-30 s•rn' 8 p.m.. awl on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 Money Order and Savings Bak Business 9 a.m. to 6P' P AUCV V. PO fr. are aespatehed at 10-15 a.m., 7-1 i p.m., and 8 p.m. Lima DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-3°

LIST OF DIISPAICHRS. Showing thetiine to which a leticr can be posted with 01 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny starnP• Bums.

75-rdin ary Poatage. 5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

2-15 p.m.

HOUSK— *Earlestowit

4ith EXtrS I Ha;fpenny t amp

I No oar If ea

pittO•

natl.

Ditto. Ditto. nitto

Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. fei Ditto. 4-40 P•ill• Ditto. to est°

nit 0.

Ditto. 10-45 Psi'

SMI-OFEICFS *Ashton Collins Green ... *Golhorn.. Lowton Stn,bshaw Cro.,s Wiriwiek *War grave ........

WALL Boxes-- Crow Lane, Newton 1 NV Wtol3 Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Stutio‘ (Newton Bridge) Preston Janet inn Church-at Golborne Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonsvmsi (Providence Place)

VKK-I) 10 15 a.rn., 12-20, 1-30. and 8 p.m

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9 30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m.and 6•20

6-30 p.m. 9-25 am. and 5-55 n 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

10-35 *'ri

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

05 6. Plii* sii. VII. 01. OS 5 10-3°

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 ,t

p.m. 9-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9.30 a.m.

5 s-vi. Vil• Nil*

Parcels are despatched from the Reeeiving dffice town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sun-Offices at time as letters.

TOWN OICIAVHIIII9I4 AS ROLL WA

lingland, Wales, Ireland, Sc..iland,l and looreign • ! Lon& ,n and the South Frodsham. He'shy, & Lymm ..... Manchester, S.- east Lanets.hire. Yorkshire, Durham. Northum- beriand, and Lincolnshire Chester. Liverpool, Birkenhead ' Southport.Prescot. Wigan, Grins- kirk, Widnes, ,Sc Farlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales _ Preston, North Lancashire, New tou-le-WiLows, St. Helens. and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Che, ter, Wales. and Ireland Glasgow. Preston, Wigan, n chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S - Eastern, Mid 'And, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lane,shire. lroft, Padgate. Woolston, Stocktw Heath, and Stretton 'Mon & Foreign, South, and ,tern Cc I ti, '

Callers

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10 45

n-ao „ ;'ll-45

,} 12-o

12-15 P.m •

2-15 ~ } 3-15 ~

5-33 p.m.

p V

1 i 1

1 1

4

4 .

i 1 1

• $ • , , I 4 - ord iewto I.L. 2.15 sts° I . ;..20 P•73l' 3-10 1 8-10 ,Errgs 130% • uspl'o• 3o P' „ at:s:l \ t. j.. 15 Prop/ ) o•°' , , or l'r=& 4,00 .0. I te:s- penosrtl*ii,Coooll; f ;

I 3.15 CL h 8-30 .• Selt 6 Lona --1 '' .. Po' JounY,ie • 9-15.4 ,„ ......"- r_=._ CARTER'S ILITTLE liii-s 1 4 LIVER PILLS. is,,Elo7_oo i,14. s,mmoalarltllyrDrioline... 3 ~ fer, ell .1,11.00,115: fd.wailuirr .7.,i, Small Pill. BEAU 1 IFUL TE ~. ~ ot ` 4 Purely Vege- Ni f SOZODO ~, ,:-,:ki , ,I• Vitli. world. IL. ~...... table, Cleanses the teeth-a the pleasantest delltlfriCi etuz Torrid Liver, litle, between them as viol Sallow Comploxion. wad wila. sound mad Tv" 1 Slot SepAlttoltee promptly : iiesq, rosy ItPs• 1 J • and ante thorn so as to stay breMla enso'ro- ed. ..„.,' 95 —...."" womea awed. ChemiSts, ls. lid. ; Akk ler SO '...0P.•` ' .. (1) • •

is

===== 0002601_18950105_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WA TCHNIGHT SERVICES.

HOLY TRINITY. There was a good congregation at Holy Trinity Church for the watch night service. The Vicar the Rev. E.C.E. Carleton conducted the service and gave an appropriate address.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. BARNABAS CHURCH:

The usual service was held at St. Barnabael Church on New Year's Eve, being conducted by the Vicar' the Rev. G. Aliton. There was a good congregation. The choir sang suitable hymns, and the Vicar gave an appropriate address.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S.

I watch night service was held in St. Paul's Church on New Year's Eve, when there was a good congrega- tion. The Rev. A. H. Townsend,curate, read the lessons and prayers and the vicar the Rev. H. V. Pigot gave a short address from PBalrn 56 verse 8 " Are not all these things noted in thy book.", The service closed soon after twelve o'clock, the hells ringing a peal,

===== 0002601_18950105_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
SI. ANN'S CHURCH.

The Watch Night service at St. Ann's was conducted by the Rev. P. J. Byrne, the address being given by the Rev. J. Davie.. There was a large attendance. Mr. Davies selected as his text Amos iv. 12, " Prepare to meet Thy God."—The offertory was towards defraying the cost of repairing the damage to the church caused by the recent storm. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH.

A large number assembled at Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Monday night, to watch the old year out. The service was conducted by the Rev. J. Kirtlan. and Mr. S. B. S ringer. sir. Stringer, in the course of his address, spoke of the lessons to be learned by the events of the pa...3l,year. The Rev. J. ICirtlan also spoke in a similar strain. Immediately after twelve o'clock, the choir and congregation jlined in the hymn, "Come let us anew," after which Mr. Kirtlan wished all present "A Happy New Year." The congregation then separated.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
BANK QUAY MISSION.

The watchnight service at }lank Quay Mission was conducted by Mr. T. Dale and Mr. J. Monks jun., who gave addresses appropriate to the occasion. There was a very good attendanc., and during the service, Mrs. Joseph Monks jun., sang as a solo, the song, " The last milestone." _

===== 0002601_18950105_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PARISH CHURCH.

There was a large congregation at the Watcbnight Service at tho Parish Church. All the clergy were present, namely, the Rector (the Rev. F. W. Willis), the Revs. G. B. Thurston, A. A. Markham, and H. M. R. Hutt. A hymn having been sung anclthe collects read, the Rev. G. B. Thurston gave an address which lasted until two minutes to twelve. The congregation were then asked to engAge in silent prayer until twelve. Directly the clock chimed the midnight hour, the con- gregation ieined in singing "All hail the power of Jesu'4 name," after which the Rector gave his New Year's greeting. The singing of another hymn concluded the service.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Nor is ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

The weather on Sat urday was a repetition on a smaller scale of the previoui Saturday, but in addition to the wind, there was also a sample of all kinds of weather, such as hail, sleet, rain, snow, and goodness knows what. In tact so bar' was the afternoon, that the gates were not opened for the public until a quarter of an hour alter the time advertiged for the kick off. When the gates were opened, a smsll crowd of shivering, chattering specimens of humanity got through, and took their pl ices round the " ropes," with an air of resigna- tion. And they needed all the resignation they possessed too, for during the course of the match, a storm which almost equall,d a bUzzi.rd came on, in the midst of which, the players could scarcely be distinguished.

The first team were not sorry that they had no match on that day, although a few of them did not have the rest which they were entitled to, for Boscow, Burton, and Houghton, came to assist the A team to wipe off that little score which was made against them the pre- vious Saturday, by the Stockport A. The Stockport men arrived in Warrneton at two o'clock, hut when they arrived on the field, they did not feel particularly anxious to comme Ice the aavne. The prospect cer- tainly was not very cheering. The fl-Id was almost a quagmire, and a strong gale was blowing, which would certainly find out all the soft places in them. However, about three qnart,,ra of an hour late the match began. but only two twenties were played.

Under the circumstances, it is not surprising that the game was a complete fiasco. Neither side put that earnestness into their play which spells success. So long as the ball was k .pt clear of their lines, the players did not appear to care very much. Warrington however had by far the best of what little play there was. Ex- cept or' two occasions, even against the wind, the game was either on the halfway line, or in the Stockport quar- ters. On only one occasion was the ball taken over,and that was by Lawless, who thus scored the winning point.

To come to the plovers. Well it would not be fair to criticise them. Suffice it to say that the half backs and three-quarters did not di.mlay much dash, with the ex- ception of LaWio49. Burton Tsurprised everybody by going among the forwards, and his long fcrin was very prominent in the scrimmages. He mado some. very dangerous runs, and with a little luck he would have been over at least twice. Be played half back in the second half so that he was of a rather rainb!ina dis- position during the match. It was among the forwards that Warrington held the upper hand in the match. They continually beat the Stockport men, and had the weather permitted the backs to take advantage of their superiority, ' a good score would undoubtedly have been made.

If Burton was enjoying himself, what must be said of Boscow ? He is generally supposed to be the full bark, but as he had nothing to do there, he determined to find something to keep himself warm. He was, therefore, at tim.a to be seen among the three-quarters. Then he was to he seen with his hack bent watching the , ball in the scrimmage, and then at line outs he could be 'seen among the forwards. Fie had truly a roving corn- misgiwi on Saturday. The fact that the full back could do this witheut endangering his side shows that War- rington were much the superior of the other side, for Raglan.' for Stockport had plenty of work to do in his own department, and lie did that well.

There should have been two matches on New Year',i Day, the first te‘m v. Kendal Hornets, and the A v. Widnes, but they were both cancelled owing to the frost,which had made the ground too hard to play. The first-mentioned instch would have produced a good gate, althou2h the Hornets are not the team they once were. In the other match, the Warrington A team were disappointed of not having the chance of wiping off some old scores. Three times in succession the Widnes A team defe.ited them, and therefore it was time that some turn was made the other way.

To-day Warrington travel all the way to Tilverston-in- Furness to meet the team of that town. It is some years since the teams have met previously, and, therefore, it would be difficult to compare them. The matches were usually of a close nature, and as Ulverston are the only team which have up to the present time beaten Widnes in the second league, a good game is looked forward to by the Warrington men.

To meet them the Warrington Committee have picked the following team :—Floscow, full back ; Barber, Moores. IFleesom, and Burton. three-quarter bleka ; Bate and Nevins, half backs ; Turner, Jolley, Houghton, Savage, Barrett, Taylor, Dakin, and Bailey, forwards.

The chief football event of to-day is the match be- tween England and Wales. For England the whole of the team which represented the South has been chosen— with the exception of Wells, who is replaced by Taylor, and thus the whole of the Yorkshire men are exclu&d. .11owever,it is raid several of the team have cried off,and thus several Tykes will be in the team alter all. Tho Yorkshire fosthalf enthusiasts will, therefore, have some little interest in the match. Wales fancy themselves this year, I believe, and it would not be the least sur- prising to see them give England a good beating. It ; at any rate not expected that England will run up RI( a score as she did last year at Birkenhead.

One of the most effective cores for Scrofula is Scott's Emni sion. All :dila eruptions and disorders of the blood are cored by this great reme iy, cud the blood is left rich and healthy Anwmia is a!so over..ome. 'Thin, emaciated Cr arnern;. should not 1,1 1 to take So tt's Emulsion.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
MININE

1011?. TILLETT AND THE UNEMPLOYED.

Mr. Ben. Tillett writes to the Londcn papers :—The important statistical information forthcom,ng no the dis- cussion arising over the unemployed qui stion mu tbe at least a matter for alarm. While all right tnieded People will be in a consternation and shoeked at ties Wretchednees, the employed and monied classes as a node IC tily gloat over the tact, for it means cheaper slave lauour. In a number of cases some of us le lieveet encourages a savage sordidness among capitalists and does norltive bairn to those who are wretched in their Penury.. What good has 'been done, by any reneus in the post? The poor might well " we ask for a crust, and you rive us a census." wilfully mismanaged relief wales, and charity funds, Perverted statements from " committees- of elesolute- malignant misrepresentation, and belittling of the taxes of poverty by callous individuals have done !nada to prevent the out-of-door problem being tackled lo earnest. At present the poor bear all the pain, sto!row, and starvation, their heritage as toilers, while responsible people appropriate ,even -what they are able to produce leaving the wotker shivering and Portionless. ..hysterical par, ,eruy of ysm appreciating the fact that no tu‘at an pity -will suffice as a remedy, or depth of feeling and true communal sentiment will be awakened in our half-backed civilisation, I • Want hi the most matter-of-fact way to point out to eard-headed folk (a misnomer for hard hearts) how it 1.111137 be possible for our country to go industrially to e dogs. As a point for consideration, the apologists tar, ited the capitalists themselves through their Press, and platform, are fomenting discontent and urrying en a re.volution much more vigorously than the agitator. The practical reforms suggested by us for Yeaare in extending municipal collectivism are mild corn- get in rct weth what the proletariat will exact when they a - hurry. The revision and taxation of property tatl'a all material wealth up to the full extent necessary ,59l)0 Ptkl rovide adequate provisinn far the wealthless and Who P 5 will soon touch the coin-conscience of those e fLece and then flout the fleeced. As a matter of ract, our pastors and masters—the most heroic; of them e.liara, a crew of incompetents, who have and are strut- 'he the world's arena, stage models of Roman pomp. hue starving millions represent their incapacity, and °wmuch ls wasted by allowing such vast stores of _ ural ability, resource and energy to lie dormant cula ‘4lnnet be calted. The withdrawal of these forces 0:1111 active industrial service (and root forces too) can ee Y. mean the decay of our commercial supremacy, and vs'uf boasted savings can only mock us in their artificial 9e• The Board of Trade returns do not accurately a,'Peater the real position; solar as they go they are valu- of labourers when, in 1887, I stated that,oyer 50 per cent were unemployed, an incredulous pub. t. dorellied the statement. Mr: Ritebie, then M.P. for le e°,,tge's, undertook an inquiry,and ascertained that tie -e "'aPping and St. George's district 55 per cent, of puiejside lebourers were ueemployed. The results were Beehithad in a Blue-book, with an introduction by Mi. re In the Victoria and Albert Dock dit3trict, which e aV be taken as the best example el fluctuations in dock e2ll°lo ou TMent, I have known from 2,000 to 3.000 men to la:stthttc'ef employment for weeks, and that within the e months. On an average 40 per cent. barely poresents the number of unemployed in dock and , betlee!.al thin sal riverside work. The fluctuation is decor "esti 30 per cent. and 70 per cent: In the building, n'l'eati'ene, and hrickmaking industry, even in the sum. r' "re are 7 per cent. to 15 per cent, unemployed. no wititer per cent, is reached, totalling higher figures cabrltile Instan . ces The bootmaking, tailoring, and •net-making trades also suffer, and it is quite the !eneral habit for half time to be enforced to the 60 per rty rent. luelty secugh to be kept in work. The amount ploPove - is nee represetdee by those out of em- of /Tent, for they as relatives drain a large portion at eeee, community who are only doing half time I believe, if a census was taken, that the thaleber of those irregularly employed would be greater 41%11 those out of employment altoeether. In 24 years, ee Zugh the population had increased by 9,000,000 v's ureeeti:' only 15,000 were added to the list of teetie"a in the five principal trades—viz., miners, 'el agriculture, machinery, and tool manufacture, pita"e transit and carrying trades. This relative dis- evn?eeee nt of labour by labour-saving appliances (for ,t 1 these trades the output has doubled) explains rian,hreason why the out-of-works are increasing in the-"ar and distress intensifying. Up till the present re, greatest burden of poverty has been borne by the tio:iles of the distressed, while the said relatives' beeeeera to meet it are diminishing. Trade 'and sligh-tt_,esocieties also help to lessen and modify to a La'ree the existing poverty. But it cannot iaet lake neer, for even these agencies are practically these vent, While competition is killing the goose, all Whet ahaelleles are futile even to touch the problem. Of theb"caild be seen to by all electoral organisations Counteworking classes is that our problem for the next tolleej Council election should be absolute municipal 'eoljechee !viale and at the next general election "State stri.„ The number of relief and charity .7`l4oeas 'hoes re -cw poverty are of no more value than pout- assol "vooden leg. Nbat we want is economic titian and not pious and heroic resolutions. HEARD AND SEEN AT WARRIN GTON. On s in th attlrday last,business. both in t7le shops and likei„e Inatliet, was deplorably elack and it:appeared the etethat the large stock of evergreens, fruit and Wes;rer more substantial Christmas requisites Rale -I,°t going to be sold off, but on Monday, the a biCa7i rig subsieed, busineeB began to "look up " 'Was ti„11„,c1 bY evening the appearance of the stalls boe uuteient to dissipate the previous dark fore- tugs oi the stall-holders. -

024. r• and Mrs. John Crostield will, I am told, set ner COuri, Week on a tour round the world, in the elitt,:e°l which they will visit Egypt, Ceylon, Cal- " Dan. &C. Everyone will wish the travellers ftsant journey and a safe return.

thi`2'o Board of Guardians under the old order of "'Rs heicur t, Nvtok 8 as ,mee in . . g on Monday morning,last to, , and has now ceased to exist. There will be 1)474 great changes to be seen when the new Board Some of the oldest members will be missed, %Ice slharry, the " father of the Board," has been 4r, poloniously di,smissed by the 110 dock people. 48111741" o, wlio comes next in length of service Ince-, so retired Mr. Beaton, who entered the ser- tier,4t the Workhouse over 30 years ago as the oa:ar, and has for many years been a member. of be ni:P4,B also gracefully retired, without "having e '''clred out."

*4ll embers present, were not very well satisfied the,, ' abourt. for' durioe remarks which have been made ng the recent elections, and they ed the von.), operation known as shakinghands etnaelves. They hoped that the new Board Ret along as well as the old one, although jeei" ;be members " had his doubts "on the sub- VOty of thanks was also passed to the re- and defeated members, in which some rather gee-t:lge laliguage was used. It was said by one e 411, embers teah ald _etnan present that the relection some o was quite" unjustifiable.' But f ,after t 3loar.,Lere is no prescriptive right to a seat on he a lid the rejected members must takethis t„ 'alssal with as good grace as others have done be. 're th , they Will are even now not cut off from. all e-e','"eY Will have further opportunities in time. c't " makiag their bow ' to the electors, are so disposed. The -- ringto„vr°Posed extension of the borough of . 4ketti •-• `8 War- being well discussed by the various fi °title -ea di concerned* The Warrington Board of Aathre;a;;lB, and the Warrington Rural Sanitary 'eXeen-t.'"Y, are disposed to support the Corporation, regard to a small strip of Po.ulton- take 41°41:n11604, which the Corporation wren to "t) straighten their boundary. They are .atoce agreeable to the incorporation of Little I°ll4 a Yoi wi hie" is practically a portion of Warring- -14 -5 not a rural parish at all. pariZuUncornlJnion have to deal with the Cheshire Appletnoi Latchford Without, and a portion of Abband—ft:l °P to the Ship Canal. The borough aetla,„,,-Y at present in this district is not a well , nor, e-„" ("le, as there are too many artificial and tort,"°aßh natural land-marks. Consequently,the tha'Zatien are desirous of making the Ship Canal dean oundar ..v. This would make a verx well Itaaned ~oundary indeed, but the authorities of the not Union do not see it in that light. They do Propot,i t,.° lose the rateable value of the parishes nor,esies'" to be taken over, and they are therefore Poochie the incarporation, as also are the Appletin card ~,f,ll Committee. The Daresbury Highway out fie ";'," not very unanimous upon the matter_ qua tetL': Y pused a rather mild resolution in oppost tbiet't, t'de l.top,sal. It is pretty evident that the tqht will be over the Cheshire parishes.

IVY 'e°ll.ll -;lee that the first meeting of the Parish ThurZil' or Little Sankey has been convened for Ia next As there is a schoolroom in the rtioetei With plenty of vestries, and ample accom- Vlaraki,-", and which can be had at a nominal kieetc,-,' ()He would expect that this would have raeet.l." chosen place for the meeting Butno !The housng is actually convened to be held in a private cotire I This is surely a very singular choice. 0 the the schoolroom that is available belongs to that ~.eNans, but one can hardly imagine that Weal;,lreurasllance has prevented its selection. A rOorn-r3 an Schoolroom is as good as a church school- lar "31' bolding a public meeting,and this particu- Ulteatr Was considered buitable for the parish a* MERLIN.

;Zia

===== 0002601_18950105_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RELIGION OF JAPAN.

It would be hard to say just what the present religion of the Japanese is. There are all kinds of sects, Bud- dhism probably predominating. Since the Mikado re- nounced bis infallible and sacred character considerable looseness in religious thought or superstitios prevails— leaving, of course all the more room for the advance of Christianity. The temples are very simple structures, the chief internal feature in many of them being a look- ing-glass, supposed to be emblematic of the soul's purity. Near, it is a font containing water. In this the worshipper washes, then proceeds to the looking-glass and prays for what he wants, and after leaving a few coppers in a box near by, rings a bell at the door thrice as he goes out.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. T. M. HEALY AND THE LIBERAL

PARTY.

Mr. T. M. Healy, M.P., speaking on Sunday at a demonstration at Sixmilebridge, deprecated the policy of the Redmondite party in endeavouring to throw the present Government out of office. Be i,xpected good from Mr. Morley's coming Land Bill, and believed in the integrity of the vast body of the Liberal party and in the Liberal Cabinet Signs there might be in one or two places of lagging or of weakening, but it would be for:the Liberals to give evidence to show that these signs represented no widespread disease or disaffection in their party; but were the results of the utterances of cranks or faint hearts.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
HERE IS WHAT WE UIVE TO READERS

OF THIS PAPER.

You are interested in money making and no such opportunity for saving money has ever been presented to women who use knitting and fancy wools as that made to the readers of this paper by the Providence Mills Spinning Company. They are willing to send you some beautiful samples; of knitting, embroidery, and fancy wools for home knitting whicu may be kept by , you. Their object is to show you that for appearance, , wear and price they cannot be surpassed. In these days of scarcity ot cash it is interesting to know the way t • buy the llCCot.Salkt3 of life direct from the russituficturer and therehy aie threepence or more in each shillings worth. We corsfidently recommend y..su to write to-stay for patterns which will be sent free of charge by sending a post-card with your name and address upon it. , Kindly note that letters shmild be carefully addressed —Providence Mills Spinning Co., C. Department, Brad- ford, Yorkshire. , NB.—lf you would like they will also send you samples of their special dress fabrics as well as particu- lars of their wonderful underwear.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WAS THIS MAN INSANE?

The reflections suggested by one of the latest crimes committed in the light of day in a frequent A thorough- fare of the French capital are quite the reverse of re- ' assuring. A Russian doctor named Mein, a resident in Paris, was walking along the 13,mlevard Sebastopol early in the morning, when a man passed him whistling I merrily; but,as the unexpected sequel proved.whistling, unfortunately for himself,', out of tune. The Russian doctor, whose nerves apparently were easily irritated, became exasperated beyond, measure at the unbarmoni- ous sounds, and, pulling a revolver out of his pocket, he lodged three bullets in the person of the inoffensive musician, an honest tradesman. This, says the " Evening Standard," was distinctly a most reprehen- sible manner of impressing on the poor fellow the de- fective nature of his musical education, and it is gratify- ing to know that the brutal aesailant was arrested on the spot. The more so, seeing that on being searched at the police-station he was found to be provided with a dagger, a sword-stick, and a knuckle-duster, in addition to the revolver, a formidable arsenal, the possession of which he explained by the observation that there were more ruffians in the world than honest men, so it was necessary to be always well armed. Now that he him- self is under lock and key, there will, at all events for a peried, be one ruffian the less at large.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
" JOBE-MAKING " IN AMERICA.

The American "joke-making trade" is described by Mr. Joseph Hatton. Its chief centre is in New York. There is a coterie of about forty writes. They do nothing but write for the comic papers. It is not th”ir habit to wait for inspiration. They compel the humorous Muse to work with them in a regular and systematic way. On an average they earn from forty to sixty pounds a month. One man will turn out as many as from eighty to a hundred jokes a week. Every one of the squibs is warranted brand new, original and imperishable. The joker sits down to his desk; some odd turn of speech or nappy thought comes to him.. Ile jots it down on a slip of paper convenient for an envelope. One good idea suggests another, and " copy " grows. When he has accumulated five-and-twenty he entsrs them in a honk with the names of the papers to which they are sent and awaits the issue. But first, be it under- stood, he sends his packet to the paper that pays the highest prices, and so on down to the lowest until the batch is exhausted. The lowest financial depths represent from sevenpmce to a shilling for a joke, but the best pap-frs pay liberally. He checke off the jokes as they are accepto,i, and works through his stock-in-trade from week to week. A few jokers are on the staffs of leading comic payers, but the rule is for jokers to he more or less unattached, and thus the merry columns' of over five-and-twenty good-paving humorous New Y Irk papers are sure of a plentiful supply of fun. It is interesting to follow a joke on its ravels. I need hardly say that I an not u humorist ' • but I have invented a jolt-, or two in my time, and dramatised many an unrehearsed incident of our daily life. i literary father well knows the offspring of his pen, and I have seen mine come up fresh and solling at home again alter travelling for years through the columns of American and Colonial papers and one in a way having the privilege of a kindly reception even on the Continent. There is msnv a chestnut that merits our heartiest res- pect ; " I know," a s :Mark w airi woul3 say, " because =ave been there."

A New York telegram sap a lamp exploded in a hall at Silverlake, Oregon, in which festivities were being held, on Christmas•ave, and in the fire which followed 41 Persons were horned to death and 16 i niured. At Etsthourne a man named G&,rge (Jock, who is said to have been suffering from religious mania, shot Mr. Wisemqn, a confectioner, with a revolver in the head and riiiht side, He was shortly afterwarda arrested. On Saturthy Mr. Ellis Nannev WIF4 unanimouilv selected as the Conservative candidate for Carnarvon barouglis at uLat election, in oppositiJa to the si:tin4 Liberal member, Mr. Lloyd-George.

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN TRISH LINEN

DISORDERED I,T7Trn

and FEMALE AI,L

111 10 LADIES

THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was dis- overed by A married Lady during her travels in the Far Rust, who has never known it to tail in remm,mg the worst asses of Irregularity or Obstruction in two ho rs, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action of thiti extra°, dinary preparation. wh,ch is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense, illness. Worry.and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent secure from observation for 43. 6(1.-sirs. EAR Iwo N, 4. Yeatherstome-buildings. London. W.C.

,-_

===== 0002601_18950105_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAI URDAY JAN UARY 5 18Y5.

Cl'o R lAL .beinLl;htemPuitcitohne'V Tatutotiiet P price, it cannot be obtained of NOF 0 RTE Descriptive Prospectus sent Post Free on aPppliestion to " Magazine ,-4 wn,c." Office. IS r" UTOR, A The most re- marksble & cheapest book ever publi•hed. The . IiET, . POST 250 PAGES ( ell Music Size). Contazus 70 Illustrations and over zso Songs. fly boo or ~.0 to seller under 5s 20. Ludgate Hi-I, Lo idon, li C. Piantiorte simplified. 5 I FREE Dances, Carols, Anthems and Hymn Tunes.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
f. 4 IT'S WORTH A THOUSAND I YEAR

"to look on the bright side of things"—said the wisest Doctor and the greatest Tea-drinker of the

Eighteenth 4. entury, You can make that thousand,

too, ;if you try. Try it and you will make this New Year '95 a really happy one for yourself and for your friends and neighbours. 'Twill cost you only a few pence every week. For there's nothing equal to a morning and evening brew of BROOKE, BOND'S TEA to make everything look brighter to you and yours. OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE

sell our far-famed Packets, sealed and signed by us, and containing just tits same qualities at just the same prices as at our Headquarters. The Masses drink many million cups of BROOKE, BOND'S TEA. every day, and that's the best pos- sible proof that when you buy it you will get the best possible value tor your money. PRICES:

1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-. 2/4, and 2/8 a lb. BROOKE. "B 1 ON & 0., -"LIMITED.

- THR LANCASHIRE TEA WIdUIOUSES- -17, PICCADILLY, :4[AS 0112.STEU 29, MAIM= STUEET,

I

===== 0002601_18950105_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLLOWAY'S

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, eo. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for

CHAPPED HANDS,

CHILBLAINS,

BURNS,

CUTS. BRUISES,

SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, edc.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDO/4.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
C c-T t (10k 3

A icouu

;t 12,1 ,

v: pi L. i

\A ,/ ITII a prudent ;,..:ie, di,s s...ve . nomy a li;'€:; anit yot wo, ti,tink t; idtaitAight 1.. e improved upon and re luced to a more :hill& l;.;rnt. Tal,;! Foine good CourkwAtnd such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end. may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles w,th crystal stoppers. Others might be used, be,

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be se: down as the best. —Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGETION, &c.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
L'=-)ttebtilattlo SOOTHING POWDERS,

14OR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

• "JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY."

is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

THE FIRST DOSE RELI EVES Z IS THE ONLY PERMANENT CU E FOP • GOUT AN b RHEUMATISM FramPLMES RoCERTS, Esq.. SUrgeon, M.R.O 5.• L.S.A. 1d1,110r4 MONVI3RAY, May NV!: Dear Sirs,-1 shall feel obliged' if you "all ,ond me another stanlr.rl,y Watt,: !have found it very usetul iil 6.4111111 Case* uma Kbj, "tnli"tfAMLhlilo}3l2-"S. continue to use it. y. " Sold by a II Chemists & Stores_ iga*VeLY... AND FRoir .I.ODIL WORKS,NOTTI NCHAtit,...:E,NGLA C\. 0

===== 0002601_18950105_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
ExAMINEE. IHE WARRINGTON B ZWRICY STAEZT.

PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR IRNDESVIEN, PRINTING FOR ALL.

JOHN W ALKER AND CO PROPRilrioßi 0 TSB EXAMINER SERIES (11 LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS WHIM COMPRISE rr LIE Warriti9tofl d' Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- Ushed Saturday morning. The district covered by the rwer comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract. Earlestown and Newton Examiner,and Ashton, TELEGolloorne, and ffaydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal

_ geld. T St. Selena Examsner and Prescot Weekly News, published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the *mitre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades et the King-

eat. an. Tint Runcorn Examine, published Friday after- A. noon. ILI@ the only Weekly Paper in the district, and Oen the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rr Wide' Examitur, published Friday after- I_ noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Weeks of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming Important centre of industry. Auction, Aducation, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Yublic Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisemente (except Parliamentary) are inserted in ell the above papers at one charge.

Bach of the above papers consists of S pages, 56 long and wide columns,ewah column admitting more matter than the 64=am of anv other local paper—a fact deserving the atten thus of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Fadlll6fteT, in addition to giving the local intelligence of the district. in -which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

------- PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. I I One Otlarge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVB BIXAMINBRS. WANTED% TO BB LBTS, 18 WORDS. 613.. } ON SALES, And 3d. for each succeeding 9 words. One Three Six 7.f Inds. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ..................... Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... Is. 3d. 21 ..................... 06. 9d. ... Is. 13d. 36 ..................... 16. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 46 ..................... Is. 3d. ... 36. Id. ... 56. 64. 64 ..................... 16. 6d. ... 36. Bd. ... 6s. Od. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise- ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those Welch are ordered for CONSECUTIva insertion and PAID FOR rauvious TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale : APASTAIHNIS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSIICHISHei FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BIPMNESSES WANTED SITUATIONS Wairren Honsige To Ler SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under sii -------:----_

PRINTING! PRINTING !

THE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER," GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers : and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the entailed typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth" are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it—even at" the lowest t .ender " _ Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale acoutors, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, flotrees, Balls, &O.; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies; Cvictet Clrb Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Readings, Diennoraadurns, Work Notes, Bill Heads lituetuess, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, fru.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen. and others eaqtdring printing of any description, are requested to give a teat

pArBR RULED TO ANY PATTERN and

SPECIAL ATTENTION paid to Neatness Blepace in PROSPBOTIS P"a RAld HES, &c. pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD

Single Sheet, 51t. 3m, by 31t. 91a. Tla 2 LARGEST IN TRIM DISTRICT. A DIONSTRB PLACARD may be formed by joining a iltliflßOt Of the,. LRYILTRAN" SHERTS. MAMMOTH POTTERS. A SPECIALTY. MAMMOTH PO3THRS. LARGB TYPB MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH 70TERS. THE MOST sTEIKING MAMMOTH POsTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Count MAMMOTH POSTBUS.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. uNDERTAKE_

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS. PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL soARDs, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS. PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES. PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR sOLiciToßs, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY sOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES.

PAINSTAKING PRINTERS aro now-a-days sought for by business men who study real economy in announcements which tey wish the public to notice; as well as by Friendly Societies,' Trade Cabins, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful pro tuction of Reports, Balance Sheets /cc. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS. WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, Ac.

TETE " EX&MINEIt " WORKS, BEWSBY-STIMET. PROIIRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALF.S OF WORK. PROGRAMMES Foe BALLS. PROGEAMMES FOR CONVERSAZKINES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FErEs, acc.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIALITY:

ENVELOPES FROM 2s. PER 11000.

BOOKBINDING! ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL, NINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, FEINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

JOHN

“EXAMINER,

BEWSH'

W ALK ER AM) CO,

THR

i STEAM PRINTING WORKS

STRIIRT.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18950105_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
WARIIINOTON

tetterss to the Otittor.

_ THE CONDITION OF RUNCORN.

Sir,—The illustrious body of commissioners has departed from this stage of existence after a long and tedious illness called creek and water diabetes. A new and, let us hope, a better system has been inaugurated, called the District Urban Council. May they raise the creek to a seaport and so brit': about a revival in the shipping trade, and also improve what at times seems a a ater famine, for how often do we go to our taps for water but behold instead of water there is nothing but, as it were, a hissing night wind. Wait we must for water, it seems, but not for water rates—those have to be paid in advance. May we under a new government have found for us, a more constant supply, or at least, receive timely notice that the water will tie shut off so that a stock may be obtained by the pap.rs for such water. Then about the unemployed. Could not the D.U.C., as in other places, start some at least of the new streets that are to be made, not by contracting, but for themselves, so finding relief work for the scores of men and youths now out of work. These could be employed in wheeling, to and from, sueh material as is required. It is said men would not do it. Well, try them. I feel sure all men would prefer to receive 3s. 6d. or 44. per day (youths something less) for such work than either relief tickets or employment at Stone•breaking. If the unemployed could earn some wages however little, it would circulate the money, and parents and children would not be as at present starv- ing. This would enable shopkeepers and others to keep the wolf from the door, and, in fact, all would Irre helped ; yes, even the rate collectors. This relief work would be no additional expense on the ratepayers, as the owners of property have to pay the estimated cost. Let us hope our selection in the late election has been a wise one, and that tte D.U.C. will set these matters go- ing as their first great work.—Yours truly, ISAAC BOW YER.

48, Church-St., Runcorn. ---..-.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. The annual tea meeting in connection with the Bold- st. Wesleyan Church was held in the Bold-3t. Wesleyan Schoolroom, on Tuesday, when an excellent tea was partaken of by 150 members of the congregation. The tables were presided over by lady members of the con- gregation. After the annual tea an entertainment and meeting, presided ever by Rev.J. Kirtlan. was given in the school- room. 1 here was a good attendance and'at the com- mencement the Chairman called upon Mr. J. Lingard (secretary), to read his annual report of the committee. In the course of the report Mr. Lingard said : "The , committee have pleasure in stating that the numbers ' have been well sustained, and will compare favourably with the past or previous years. Some of the cla es•-s have largely increased,and especially among the younger scholars. The Roman Catholic Church says, give us the first five years of a child's life, and you may do what you like alter, and so we trust that the seed thus early sown in our Feh onl shall he as brad east upon the wa,ers to be found after maay days. The average aterod ince on the whole is very satisfactory, but this as compared with the numbers on the hooks may he considerably increased ; be this end we propose this year to work more effectively the " Star Card System," and we trust that by a wider dis- tributioa of prizes at the end of the year to pro- , mote greater punctuality and more regular attendance. The Band of Hope has a membership of 250 and weekly meetings are held in the Band room but the average attendance is rather small, a few more earnest workets would be heartily welcomed. The juvenile missionary collectors have collected about £34 during the past year, great praise is due to them and Mr. Jubb the secretary for their services rendered in ' the past and hope t'aey will be encouraged to go forward in the future. The library is composed ef 420 very interesting and instruc- tive books which are read by a large number of our scholars. It is with regret we receive the reAgnation of Mr. Dunn who has attended so fa.ithfolly to his duties for a number of years. We hope he will be of great use to the church in other ways, and that our newly ap- pointed assistant, along with Mr. Boclie, will be con- nected with the school the same length of time and will carry out his duties as faithfully as his predecessor. We must not forget to thank Mr. Mellor who has been connected with the school as secretary for six years. The duties of the secretary are very numerous, those only who have held the offiee, can estimate the time that is required to be given to the many details of a school like this. We thank the teachers and all the officers of the school for the kind interest they mani- f:st in the school Sunday by Sunday, and Mr. Silcock, our respected superintendent, who is so attentive and punctual,the right man in the right place.TheY.P.S C.E. must not be forgotten,:for this is composed of a large number of our young people, and is doing a grand work. Time will not permit Ille to say what might be said, hut the total number of members is about 100,with an aver- age attendance at the weekly meetings t'l6o. Nearly every active member is on one or another of the sub- committees which are :—prayer meetings, social, musi- cal, benevolent, tract and executive. The Societa 's great aim is to get the members to work and to live for Christ. The Committee wish to recognize the valuable services given by the ministers who have helped us from time to time in many ways and also to thank all our friends for the liberal response to our appeals at the anniversary services, and also for contributing so largely to this

===== 0002601_18950105_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
MRXICAN

KNOWN AS 13.-F:V7-ils§-6'll—iiol.MES' MEXI- CAN Prescription, is the only guaranteed Remedy or all those who suffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness. exhausted vitality, kidney. bladder. gray], prosta Le and kindred complaints, and has stood the test( or 20 ears. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to JosEpn IfoLmEs' Remedy Co.. Bloomsbury Mansions, Til"omsbury square, London. and g 4 full oart:oulars ot this great Remedy fr,e of chants.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATUR 11A Y, JANUARY 5 1895!

annual meeting and thus clearing us from all financial embanssment. On theibeeks there are 490 scholars and 47 teachers." The Rev. J. KIRTLAN then congratulated those present on having been permitted to come together again at that annual gathering. They looked back into the past with thankfulness and into the future with hope. He trusted that that meeting would be the means of deepening the interest of everyone in the congregation of their church. The teachers had worked most heartily for their classes, but it was most desirable that they should encourage their friends to begin the new year, next Sunday morn- ing, by being present, and to make up their minds to be there early, every morning in the year. He hoped that all would endeavour to make their Sunday school the most prosperous in the circuit. It had been arranged that a Sunday School Union should he formed with a view of encouraging their friends in their work and also with a view of bringing all the schools in the circuit up to the level of theirs. The rev, gentleman concluded his speech by wising everyone a very Happy New Year. A very entertaining programme was then submitted containing instrumental and vocal selections which wero rendered in a manner which left nothing to be desired by the audience. The following weie comprised in the evening's entertainment :—Songs by Messrs. James Bennett, and Levi Richardson, Misses Bodle and Mary Bennett; oboe and clarionet duet, Messrs. Davies and Adcroft, pianoforte solo, Miss J. E. Pigot, clarionet solo, Mr. Adcrott, an anthem by the choir, and a quartette "Cast thy burden upon the Lord," by Miss M. Bennett, Miss Bodle,Mr. Levi Richardson and Mr. James Bennet. Mr. Ward played a selection upon the Cot Anglais, which is the first tlme this instrument has been played in Warrington. On being encored, he gave an oboe solo. Miss J. E. Pigot accompanied throughout the evening with her accustomed ability. In the middle of the evening, book prizes were given I to the scholars who had made over 80 attendances. Miss Weaver gracefully made the presentation. The Rev. G. D. Masmi wished everyone a Happy New - Year and hoped that it would be a prosperous one. He was glad to see Miss Weaver on the platform, and he felt proud of the children who had taken the prizes for good attendance.—On the motion of the Rev. J. KIRTLAN, seconded by Mr. DAVEY, a vote of thanks was accorded the artistes and all who had added to the en- jo ment of the evening. This concluded the evening's entertainment and meeting. The room was seasonably decorated with evergreens, bunting and Chinese lanterns, and had a very attractive appearance.

GOLD MEDAL DIEMTIC TEAS.

EA_RLESTOWN ANT) NEWTON.

CONSERVATIVE C-LOB NEW YEAR'S HANDICAP. The usual New Year handicaps at billiards and skittles were concluded on Monday evening, the entries in each case being 48. The prizes, which consisted of turkeys, geese, rabbits, spirits, and billiard cue and case, were distributed to the successful corrpe itors on New Year's Eve by Mr. T. Haselden, as foil W; : —Billiards : 1, F. Elaselden ; 2, W. Mawdsley ; 3, J. Bateman; 4, T. Bowes ;5, J. Rvlance ;6, R. Bennett ; and six others. Skittles : 1, T. Bowes ;2, W. Goodwin ;3, E. Sankey ; 4, J.Safith ; 5, W. Mawdsley ; 6,5. Dearden, and seven othera.

DRUNIE AND DISORDERLY. At the Newton Town Hall, on Ttr-sday morning, be- fore Colonel J. L. Wood, John Bink,‘' of Newton Corn- morn, w, s charged with being drunk and diserderly in Earle-st., Earlestown, on the previous evening. Flo was further charged with assaulting Constable W. Green at the Earlestown police station, upon whom, according to the evidence, the prismer made a savage attack as he was being placed in the cells. He was re- manded to Warrington Petty Sessions.

EARLESTOWN WEL,LEYAN SCHOOL. On Wednesday night a social evening was spent in the Wesleyan schoolroom by the scholars attending the above school. Games of various kinds were indulged in, and during the evening truit and nuts were distri- buted, a very enj )yable evening being spent. Whilst the youngsters were enjoying themselves in the lower , room, their elders were doing likewise in the upper room, games of chess, draughts, dominoes, lke;, being played, and as a windup an excellent coffee supper was partaken of. TRINITY COLLEGE RELIGIOUS KNOWLEDGE AND MUSIC

EXAMINATIONS. Amongst the successful candidates in the former examination' held in November were :—Honours, D. Pennington, A. Almond, N. Holland; pass section, M. Walker, A. Hayes, 1)4 Hindlev, N. Holland. In the music examination (piano) held in December, B. Hill was also euccessful. The above are pupils of Miss Pennington. Halcyon House, Newton-le-Willows. DBAN SCHOOL EXHIBITION CHARITY—RESULT OE EXAMINATION. On December 22nd, a competition for three exhibi- tions in connection with the Dean School Charity was held in the Town Hall, Newton, open to scholars attend- ing schools in the district of Newton-in-Makerfield. 'Here were eight entries, being two from Eirlestown Wesleyan school, one from Earlestown District school, and five from Newton St. Peters central. The exam- iner's report has now cone to hand, and shows that the 'exhibitions have been gained by Donald Fazakerly, 424 marks ; Frederick Weeks, 412 ; and George Burgess, 406. The boys are all scholars at St. Peter's school, and Mr. Singleton is to ke commended upon the success attained by his pupils. The examiner stated in his re- port that they were the best set of candidates he had examined. The exhibitions at tenable for two years at Borne public school. Thl trustees will meet on Wed- nesday next to receive the report of the examiner and act thereon. _ _

GOOD TEMPLARS. The Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Template held their annual social on New Year's Eve. The proceedings opened at seven p.m., when the members began to assemble and the usual compliments and greetings were freely exchanged. Ar eight p.m. an entert -inment was given, Bro. George E. Warburton, C.T., presiding. After the opening ode" Friends of Temperance welcome here" had been sung, and prayer offered by Bro. W. Blair, L.E. Supt., a piano solo was nicely executed by Sister Miss E. Blair. The Chairman then offered a few appro- priate rerearks,and a very interesting programme was satisfactorily rendered, songs and melodies being given by Bros. W. H. Crowther, George Roberts, and Master R. Cummings and sis•er Mrs. Willis. Bros. W. Wilson and George Clarke and Miss Cummings gave recitations, and Bro. George Clarke contributed a Lancashire read- ing. Bro. William Willis accompanied. At the conclu- sion of the concert, the members and friends, numbering about 120, sat down to a nicely laid supper to which full justice was done. Games of various emus were then indulged in till an early hour. Refreshments and fruit were handed round at intervals,the proceedings being of a very enjoyable character. SONS OF TEMPERANCE. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Samuel Morley Section of Cadets was held in the Co-operative Hall. Earlestown, on Wednesday night. Bro. J. Charnley, W.A., presided. Alter the opening, one new member was admitted, and the following ofn.mrs were admitted and installed :—Wm. Gibbs, W.A.; James Hatton, V.A.; Arthur Smith, W.; Elizabeth Profit, G.; George Charn- ley, sec. The membership is 88 ; during the year 43 were admitted and 7 transferred to the adult branch.— The adult division met at 8 o'clock, Bro. S. Foden pre- siding. One new member was proposed. The financial scribe presented his quarterly report, and the annual balance sheet, and the auditor's reports were given and accepted. The membership at the end of the year was, 109. This branch of the Order has a fund of its own of £2B, besides the district sick and funeral fund. Dur- ing the year £5O has been paid for sickness and acci- dents and £2O for deaths. The profits on the year which hive been handed to the district fund amounted to over NEWTON VOLUNTEER NEW Yeah's PRIZE MEETING. The prize meeting annually held on New Year's day in connection with the Newton detachment of the 6th Y.B.K.L. regiment took place on Tuesday at the High- field Moss range. The conditions were favourable to good shocting, the range being in charge of Sergeant Instructor Bird, and Colour Sergeant Houghton. Fifty- sine members of the C mapany put in an appearance, and almost all received prizes in the following order : la st ef prize winners :—Lance Corporal Pullin, Private Naylor, Lance Corpord Jenes, Corporal Rose, Private Johnson, Corporal RimM sr, Private E. Pennidgton, Private T. Beardman, Private Gibson, Private Pullen, Private Carey, Private J. Davies, Corporal Appleton, Private N. Percival,Private W. Ellam, Private F. Bartley, Corporal W. Kent, Lance Corporal Pendleburv, Private A. Boardman,Private Devereux, Private Horibin, Private Owhridge, Private McCoy, Private P. Percival. Lance Corporal Parks, Lance sergeant Wright, Private E. Wil- liams, Sergeant Bird, Private Anderson, Sergeant M. Corrnick, Private Benison, Sergeant Bate- man, Lance Corporal Aitk,m, Colour Sergeant Houghton, Private R. Turner, Private Hunter, Private Kenyon, Private German, Private G. Irving, Private J. Lonnox, Pri vete A. Squire, Private E. Weeks, Private W. Hall, Private W. Owen, Private Murphy, Private W. Taker, Private A. Spencer, Private W. Perry, Private H. Owen, Private F. E2an, Private H. Houghton, Private J. O'Neill, Private J. Irving, Private R. GreY, Private W. McCormick, Private Roper, Private Pollard, Pivate F. Turner, Private R. Williams. The prizes were distributed the same evening by the Committee who wish to thank the donors of the prizes for their gifts.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

BALL AT CAIRO-STREET ECHOOLS. On Monday night a grand ball was held in the abate schools, there being about 60 present, and the dancing was kept up with spirit until about one o'clock. Mr. A. C. Brooks officiated as M.C. Dur- ing the evening several songs were rendered by Mr. J. Emson and Mr. W. C. Brooks, which were well received by the audience. The pianist was Mr. C.

Broadhurst. TESTING THEIR TALENTS. Impromptu speeches were the feature of the last meeting of the Baptist Mutual Improvement Society held in the schoolroom, Golborne-street, on Friday evening week. Mr. W.Drewett presided over the gathering, which proved interesting in its sub- jects selected, and inttructive as to the progress made by the various speakers by the opportunities for public:speaking afforded them during the session. All the gentlemen and several of the lady members •-ayed the difficult task of expressing their opin- ions on promiscuous subjects off-hand, and some of the speakers showed the possession of the quali- ties requisite to make successful declaimers. The meeting closed the first session of the season,which has succeeded in the objects the promoters had in view in arousing and developing the latent talents of the young people connected with the Baptist ,Church. BANIC-ST. MISSION TEA. PARTY. The annual congregational tea party was held at Bank-st. Mission on Tuesday. Over 150 sat down to an excellent tea at half-past six, which was pre- sided over by Mrs. Willis, Mrs. Walton, Mrs. Collins, Mrs. Hodgson, Mrs. A. Woods, Mrs. Sanders, Miss Boardman, and many other ladies who lent their kind assistance. After tea the Rev. A. A. Markham (curate-in-charge) in a short speech, after referring to a few events of notice in the past year,expressed his cordial thanks to the men of the Bank-street Bible Class who had given their time and labour so as to convert the two cottages adjacent to the Mis- sion into a handsome workingmen's club. The pre- : raises were now connected with the Mission room and provided much extra space and accommoda- tion. The club rooms were to be inaugurated that .evening, and he trusted that many workingmen of the district would take advantage of them, and he rejoiced that the result of the voluntary work on the part of the members of the Bible Class would be that the Mission would be a greater power for good in that neighbourhood. After the tables were cleared an excellent entertainment was provided by Mr. F. J. Holland, of Liverpool, who amused the audience by his clever conjuring tricks and magical illusions. The proceedings terminated with a dance. BODY FOUND IN THE RIVE/I.—INQUEST Mr. Brighouse held an inquest on Monday at the Police Stet ion,on the body of John Woollams.which was found drowned in the River Mersey on Friday morning. Sarah Woollams, Failsworth, near Old- ham, said that deceased was her husband, and was n years of age, and a bricksetter by trade. lie left home three weeks previously at 6.30 a.m., and she did not see him again alive. Be had left her with- out any means.—Wm. Smith said that a fortnight the previous Monday, he and deceased left Fails- worth to go "on the spree." They arrived in War- rington the.previous Thursday night and lodged in Rose and Crown-st... for the night. The deceased was very restless during the night, and early on Friday morning, he went out presumably to get. some drink. The next he heard of him was that deceased's body had been found in the river. They had had plenty of ale during the time they had been away from home —John Dunbabin gave evidetwe to pulling the body out of the river near Fairclongh's flour mills. The jusy returned a ver- dict of " Found drowned," and the coroner consider- ing the straitened circumstances of the widow allowed her 10s. out of the poor box. SERVICES FOR THE PEOPLE AT BOLD-ST On Sunday afternoon the usual people's service was held in the Bold-st. Wesleyan Church, the Bev. G. D. Stetson presiding. After a selection of music had been played by the orchestral band,and a hymn had been sung, Mr. A. ti. Wild read a portion of scripturs, and Mr. F. 0. Mo,ton (of Lymm) prayed An Andante by Tolhurst was then very pleasingly rendered as a violin solo by Miss Winnie Pigot, and another hymnihaving been sung, 'Mr. F. 0. Mnsten was called upon to give the address. He spoke of the great pleasure with which he had looked for- , ard to that afternoon, and took the opportunity of wishing them all a Happy New Year. He hoped that, the year 1895 would be the brightest, happiest, and most proeperous one they had ever hail. He thought he could tell them how they might all titmice it so. Let their mottabe " Heaven's light our guide," and he ventured to prophesy that the com- ing veer would be all that could he desired. He reminded them that life was &journey, divided into stages, and tit the end of stage 1891, before entering upon stage 1895, they had a favourable oprortnnity of taking a retrospective glance over the portion of tile road already traversed. In doing this they would doubtless call to mind many who had gone astray by taking the wrong turn. It was necessary that they should each have a guide to conduct them safely through the journey of life. Some people api-ilte of reason and intellect as guide, ; it was a ' great mistake, for these, he said, would only lead them into the middle of the forest of life's difficul- ties, and there would leave them unable to render any further assistance. The Bible, which was the guide he advocated, would lead them safely through the storm as well as through the calm, through sorrow as well as through joy, through cloud as well as through sunshine to the end of life. " Lead, kindly light," by Gmmod, was then feelingly sung by Miss Pod le, of London, and the orchestra played a selection from MriZirt's 12th Mass, during which a liberal response was made to the Chairman's ap• peal on behalf of the "Old folks at home," and in conolusion the congregation was further favoured by the hand playing a selestion from the "Sacred I Wreath."

" DISFIGURED FOR LIFE" is the despairing cry of thousands afflicted with unsightly skin diseases. Du you realize what this disfiguration means to sensitive souls ? It means isolation, seclusion. It is a bar to social arid bosiness success. Do you wonder that despair seizes upon these sufferers when doctors faihstandard remedies fail, and nostrums prove WO:Pe than useless." Skin diseases are most obstinate to cure or even relieve. It is an easy matter to claim to cure them, but quite another thing Co do go. CIITICURA HRMEDISS have earned the right to he called Ekin Specifics, because for years they have met with most remarable success. There are cases that they cannot cure, but they are few indeed. It is no long• drawn-out expensive experiment. One shilling invested in a tah'e of CIITICURA SOAP will prove more convincing than a page of advertisement In short, CUTICURA WORKS WONDERS, and its cures are simply mar- vellous.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW YEAR'S EVE AND DAY AT EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

In striking and pleasing contrast to Christmas Eve, was the eve of the New Year. Although terribly cold, with a biting north wind, the weather was of a season- able character, and pedestrians had certainly a more en- joyable time in which to make whatever purchases were necessary, and also to visit their acquaintances. Towards midnight the streets became very animated, a large number of people making their way to the various places of worship, where watch night services were held. The viaduct brass band also turned out, and until the advent of the new year, played selections of music at various places in Eirlestown. The people who were about were very orderly, and the police had no trouble whatever, cases of drunkenness being conspicuously I absent. Whilst many people devoutly inclined were religiously waiting the With of the new year, a goodl eompany were enjoying themselves in the Mission B.iil,a dance being in progress under the auspices of the Earles- town Orchestral Society, and they did not separate until early on Tuesday morning. On the departure of the old year, cannons and rockets were fired, and numerous buzzers made a giscordant noise, whilst hearty greetings for a prosperous year, could be heard on every hand. At Newton the New Year was ushered in very quietly, and there were comparatively few people about. On Tuesday evening the various Sunday schools held their annual treats, and below will be found particulars of same.

BAPTIST SUNDAY SCBOOL. The annual tea and entertainment was held in the schoolroom on New Years D iy. 136 sat down, and their wants were ministered to by Mesdames Kenning,Morris and A. Limond, Messrs. P. J. and V. Partington, Limond, Cronin, Holt, S. and M. Fail and Morris, assisted by the patron, superi itendent, and male teachers. After tea the Rev. J. E. Miller presided, and a magic lantern entertainment was given in the chapel. illustrating Dickens's " Chimes." Mr. Hulme officiated as reader, and Mr. Morris had charge of the lantern. A number of comic views were also thrown upon the sheet. During an interval 77 books were distributed to the scholars as rewards for punctuality in attendance. Mr. W. Limond, secretary, also presented his report, in which he stated that the number of scholars on the books was 183, with an average attendance in the morn- ing of 108, afternoon 159 ; teachers and workers 21. Thirteen scholars had j, 'Med the church during the year. The Cnristian Endeavour Society, was again in a flourishing condition, the average attendance at the meetings being 40. The Band of Hope was still an important work, and was looked after by An earnest b idy of workers. He concluded his report by wishing all a happy and prosperous New Year. 'f he second part of the entertainment was then proceeded with, and con- sisted of a glee by the choir, songs by Misses Clare, F. Kenning, W. Fair, and Master A. Limond ; recitations by Master W. Hulme, Misses L. Hultne, M. Brindle, A. Scott, and dialogue by the scholars.

BRUNSWICK WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. The annual tea meeting was held in the Wesleyan schoolroom, when there were about 180 persons present the tables being presided over by the teachers and lady members of the congregation. An adjournment was afterwards made to the Town Hall, where an excellent concert was given before a large audience. The Rev. ,T. Bartley presided, and addressed a few seasonable re- marks to those present, enlarging upon the necessity for help from the parents in the tutoring of the scholars at the Sunday school. The programme was then pro- ceeded with and opened with an overture,"Le Chevalier Breton,"played in an efficient manner by the Earlestown Ore.hestral Society. The other instrumental pieces In- cluded the vocal waltz, "Ferryman !John," awl march, " Belphegor." in each of which, for a new Society, they acquitted themselves admirably. Sergeant Ashley, of Warrington, who'has lately taken up the task of con- ductor of the society, gave a clarionet solo in a masterly manner, and was loudly applauded. A choir of about 40 boys and girls also added considerably to the en*. mint of the evening, their singing being much apprecia- ted by the audience, their training by Miss Greenall, , having evidently been carefully attended to. Their con- tributions included "We're all merry singers," "See the Imerry school boy," " There was a mouse," solo, Miss Lilly Barr," Sehool bells are ringing," solo, Master E. Cellinge, "What games best for playing." The other items were "Kathleen Mayourneen, ' and 44 A lark's flight." by Miss Minnie Roberts; song, "Angus Mac- donald," nicely submitted by Miss Simkins ; sone, " Sing, sweet. bird," by Miss May Clare in an apprecia- tive manner • songs, " The WWI grave," and 44 Once Again," by Mr. F. P. Clare, quartette, 44 Come where the Sunlight sleepeth," Misses M. Clare,and Simkia.,Messrs. F. P. Clare and J. /t. Barr; song, "Eileen Alannah," by Mr. Peter Clare ; duet, "Over the hawthorn hedge:" "Misses M.Clare and Simkins ; piano solo, " Sonatina," Miss 0. Roberts ; recitations by Mr G. E. Warbur ea. The prizes to the scholars in the round 0 class will be distributed in the chaoel on Sunday the 13 inst. CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL. The annual tea meeting was held in the sehoolroam, about 215 children and adults being present. The tables were presided over by the Misses Allatt, Davies, Christie, Mather, Owen, Rothwell, and others. After tea, the tables were cleared, and a pleas!ng enter- tainment was given. The Rev. James Ailatt mad addressed a few words of welcome of a seasonable character to those present. Mr. M. Battersby submitted his report in which he stated that the number of scholars on the book, was 160, with 16 teachers. During an Interval the Chairman distributed among the scholars 130 volumes of magazines which have been hound by the school free of charge. The entertainment was after- wards proceeded with and included barbell, dumbell, and sword exercises, and marching song by a number of boys and gites,who had been trained by Mr. Jones. Miss Rothwell, an old scholar' and a vocal prize winnPr, was present, and contributed a couple of songs in an excel- lent manner The other items on the programme were, male quartette, "Beware," Messre.Turner,R. Owen, W. Owen,and Thompson ; song," Remembranee,"Master G. Urquhart •, duet, " The moon hath raised," Messrs. W. Turner and W. 11. Thompson; recitation, " Little Attic." Miss Elsie Tait ; sang, "To the woods," Miss Bristow ; duet, " The soldier's farewell," Miss Thompson and Mr. R. Owen ; song, " Dream memories." Miss Lizzie Randall ; trio, " The Gipsies' laughing trio," M ewe. 'rurner, Owen, and Thompson •, song, Miss Urquhart ; whistling solo, Mr. J. Howard, and part song, "The parting kiss." As the children left the room, they were each presented with fruit. ST. SOHN'S CHURCH. The elder scholars and teachers of St. John's Church Sunday Sehool, had a social evening in the Mission About 100 were present to a well laid tea, including the RPVS. T. R. Matthews ar.d E. W. Whittenhury-Kaye. After tea, this number was considerably augmented,and the evening was spent in dancing. PRIMITIVE METHODISTS. The elder scholars of the Primitive Methodist Sunday School hold their annual treat in the schoolroom, about 100 being present to tea, the Rev. E. R. Da vies being also present. After tea the tables were removed, and the evening was enjoyably spent in games of various kinds. The junior portion of the scholars were enter- tained to tea on Wednesday in last week.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
-- - THE PANTOMIME-- AT ST. HELENS.

The pantomime of " Dick Whittington" is having a most successful run at the new Theatre Royal and Opera House, St. Helens. New that the artistes have hot more accustomed to their parts their clever abilit;es are brought out to the full and the whole performance is gone through with remarkable smoothness. The crowded hoases which have assembled during the holidays ' have testified by their prolonged enthusiasm their hearty appreciation of the efforts of the genial proprietor Mr. Wallace RPvill, to provide a genuine entertainment for the festive season, and those who have not yet visited Mr. Revili's handsome Theatre should nvt miss the opportunity which is now afforded of three hours' fun and comicality. The Passmore Brothers give some extremely funmy per- formances and never fail to secure a well merited encore Messrs. Maurice and Ross, also do well, and indeed seem to work well together to keep the ball of fun roil- ing, In all they do, the local children are better than ever this year. They have been well trained and they render their songs and go through their dances and marches with an rase and grace which render their efforts very pleasing. If one may judge by the applause of the audience their performances are the feature of the production. Several new songs have been introduced,and as mentioned previously the scenery is very pretty, the colours blending beautifully with the gorgeous dresses of the artistes.

SAD DEATH OF A DISTRICT COUNCILLOR. The Widnes police on Wednesday received intel- ligence of the death of Arthur Thomas Johnson, 30 years of age, a farmer, of Heath House Farm, War- rington-road, Bold, near Widnes, who was found dead in a ditch at Bold, on Wednesday adorning. Mr. Johnson attended a sale at St. Helens on Tue 4- day, and returned to Bold by half-past five in the evi ning in company with another farmer named William Johnson,of Bold Old Hall Farm. The deceas- ed went to his friend's bouse,where he stayed until about half-past ten. Nothing further was seen of hiui until his body was found in the ditch which crosses the main road at Bold, by his wife,who was on her return home after being at Johnson's inquir- ing after him. The legs of the deceased were in the water, while his body lay on the side of the ditch. It is conjectured that while returning home,instead of crossing the bridge which covers the ditch, he walked between the end of the wall and the hedge, and thus fell into the ditch. The deceased was widely knovtn and greatly respected in Widnes, and much sympathy is felt for the bereaved wife. A fortnight ago he was elected district councillor for Bold. He leaves no children.

UURS, SEALSKIN JACKETS AND FUR of every description CLEANED or ER-DYRD and eALTHRIM. FUR SKINS dressed and made up into rugs kc.—B COOKE, Ylann,acturing Furrier, 11, Upper Newing- ton sndt 21, Renatiaw-,treetJLlVerPool. Established 20

===== 0002601_18950105_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, 1

r

===== 0002601_18950105_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
' •

HEATH SIDE SCHOOLS, WARRINGTON.

These well known and popular schools were examined by H.M. Inspectors of Schools in- October last, and from the repot.; on them which has now been received by Mr. All. A. Jolley, correspondent, on behalf of the managers, it is satisfactory to learn that they continue to maintain their high character for usefulness and effi- ciency. The boys' school under the management of our old and esteemed townsman, Mr. D. W. Finney, has again won the highest possible awards in all the subjects —grammar, geography, singing, discinline, etc.—and also for general excellence, and is classed as "excellent." The girls' school gains the highest merit grant for grammar, singing from notes, needlework.cliscipline,and is classed as " good." The infants' school also does well and gains the award "good." A little over a thousand children were examined. A number of boys also do well in algebra as a specific. We may mention, too, that to script ore arid drawing is assigned an important place in the school routine, and that both of these subjects have been highly reported on I); the Dioccsan Inspector and the Science and Art Department respectively. But besides these things, the managers attach much importance to the moral training of the scholars, and also to hahits of oiclor, cleanliness, neatness, good behaviour, thrift, in- dustry, punctuality, &c. It may be said too, that while the Education Department is making strenuous efforts to place every school in the country in a thoroughly sanitary condition, the managers of these schools have, with wise folethought, anticipated these Departmental requirements, and have spared no expense in regard to cloak-rooms, !a7atorles, &c., in order to secure the health and comfort or all the scriolars, as well as the large staff et teachers in their service. Many of our readers are little aware what care and anxiety, and indeed what personal outlay, the responsibility of carrying on large schools like these brings t" busy managers, whose only reward is the gratitude of those who knot?, the value of the sacrifice they make for education. We are!sure, , therefore, that our readers generally, will extend to the managers of those schools, as well as to all others en , gaged in a similar good work a high meed of praise for tie spirit and determination with which they discharge 'heir onerous and self imposed work.

MARRIAGE OF M. JOHN POWNALL, OF RUNCORN. On Monday, the wed,ling took place of Mr. John Pownall, of Runcorn, to Miss Ethel Price, daughter of Mr. Thomas Price. of Cheltenham, at St. Mary's Church, Bootle. Mr. Wm. &dikes, of Runcorn, acted as best man,and Miss Manson was the brides- :maid. The happy pair occupy principal positions in Mrs. Gordon Hicks Opera Company which recently performed at Runcorn. They were the recipients of many handsome presents.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ~--•reopledr

•

===== 0002601_18950105_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

"WIFE," said a henpecked husband, "go to bed." "I won't ! " "Sib up, then. I will be obeyed somehow." "PUT me in the same room" (says an old philo- sopher) "with a number of young girls, and I will tell you, when the postman knocks—merely by watching the looks of some, and the actions of others—how many of them are in love." IRASCBILE OLD GENT: "Waiter, this plate is quite cold !" Waiter : "Yes, sir ; but the chop is 'ot, sir, which I think you'll find it'll warm up the plate nicely, sir CHAMP (savagely) : "Your dog has bitten a piece clean out of my leg !" Sharpe (ditto) : Confound it! I wanted to bring him up as a vegetarian !" WRITING a letter is, to many people, an irksome task; but it isn't half so irksome as it is to hear a lawyer reading your letter about five years after- wards in open court. CLEARING THE BREAKERS. —Objecting Person: "Yes, I know how it is with you young people. You'd get along all right so long as the sea is calm and it is smooth sailing; but what would you do in case of a squall?" Practical Suitor: "Well, if the worst cemes to the worst, we can employ a nurse." HARI= : "The amount of your bill, doctor, has made me feel quite ill." Doctor (gleefully): "Has it, sir? Then I suppose you will want me to attend you professionally again?" JOHNNIE "Mamma, this book says knowledge is power." Mamma: "And it is, my child. "No, mamma, it isn't. I know there is a pie in the paniry, but I can't get it." "WALK this way, ma'am," politely requested an affable, but very bow-legged, draper's assistant, of a rather antiquated-looking dame. "Why, bless me, man," replied the old ancient, in bewildered astonishment, "I couldn't walk that way if ye was to give me the whole shop !" TOLD IN THE LErritits.—'Twas in a breach of promise suit the letters all were read. And here is what the opening words of each epistle said "Dear Mr. Jilt," "Dear Friend," "Dear John," "My Deary Owney Splendid," "My Darling Love," "Dear Jack,' "Dear Sir," and then it all was ended. A CLEVER REPLY.—" I have just been reading an interesting story of two men who were lost in the Adirondacks while hunting," said the beautiful Miss Hickins. "Were you ever lost, Mr. Tubbs?" "Once." " When ? " "When I first saw you I was lost in admiration, and I may add that I have not since been found." A NARROW ESCAPE.—" Aye, friends; that was a narrow escape I had! Thirteen of my corn- panions were capsized in a boat and found a watery grave." "And how is it you were not drowned ?' "I—l stayed at home." ABBREVIATION'S ARTFUL AID.—A sculptor being directed to engrave on a tombstone the words "A virtuous wile is a crown to her husband," and finding himself somewhat pressed for space, execu- ted his task as follows: "A virtuous wife is 55. to her husband." Thrown AND TO SPARS. —The question was once raised as to which was the more content of the two, the owner of half a million of money, or the man with seven daughters. "The latter, of course," was the reply; "for the man with half a million is always wanting more, whilst the one with seven daughters has plenty.' Sins: "So she reached Paris yesterday? How wonderful it is that the news can be sent so safely over the ocean cable through so many miles of salt water." He: "Yes—and be so fresh." MRS. CALLER: "Dear me! You have put all the pockets upside down on this boy's suit." Mrs. Sharpley : "Yes. Freddy wants packets that will hold things, and as he is all the time standing on his head, I put them on that way." YOUNG GENTLEMAN: "Do you happen to know of a young lady to suit me, one who is beautiful, young, rich, and well educated ? " Agent: "Excuse me, dear sir, but out of thost. qualities I generally contrive to make four matches." THE pessimist who thinks the whole world is going to pot should reflect that fifty years hence these days that he despises will be called the "good old times.'' PROFESSOR : "Microscopical investigations lead us to believe that there are colours too delicate to be discerned by the human eye—invisible colours, we may call them," Student : "I know the name of one of them, air." Professor : "Indeed What is it 1" Student: "Blind man's buff !" THREE girl § are exchanging confidences, and telling each other woat sort of men they like best. First Girl : "I like a man with a past. A man with a past is tli%% ays interesting." Second Girl : "That's true; but I don't think he is nearly so interesting as the man with a future." Third Girl: "The man who interests me is the man with a present.' MRS. M`BRIDE "Before we were married, you often wished there was some brave deed you could do for me to show your love." Mr. M'Bride : "Yes, dear, and I would do it now." Mrs. M'Bride "Then, love, go down into the kitchen and discharge Bridget." "1 ROPE you try to push business, John, even after office hours," said a coal dealer to his clerk. "I do, sir," replied John. "I call upon a different girl every night, and never leave before twelve o'clock, and have a big fire going all the

TEETH.

time." Javiuman: "The inscription you wish engraved on the inside of this ring I understand is Mar- celine to Irene.'" Young man (with embarrass- ment) "Y's, that's right. But--er—don't cut the 'lrene' deep." Itsmem Too Pamous.—Gent : "Then am I to understand that you absolutely reject my offer?" Lady: "There is really nothing else for it." Gent: "What a pity! Here I've actually gone and purchased a Badeker's Guide' for our wed- ding trip :" And now, darling, let's fix the time to- night." She "Oh, don't press me just now." He: "Yes, dearest, say what day you will be mine." She: "Well, then—the day after your

salary is raised." COMPLAINING HUSBAND: "My dear, I should think you would be more careful when buying things for me. Now, these expensive slippers you brought from Paris are altogether too smalL I can never wear them." Cheerful Wife: "Well, they'll ' do to spank Tommy with, dear." MRS. SCROOGE: "I am writing to ask the Browns to meet the Jon ses here at dinner, and to the Joneses to meet the Browns. We owe them both an invitation, you know." Mr. Scrooge: "But I've heard they've just quarrelled, and don't speak !" Mrs. Scrooge: "I know. They'll re- fuse, and we needn't give a dinner party at all !" "AN ILLUSTRATioN.—., What a careless girl Margaret is !" said Mrs. Mann to her husband the other evening. "She had a pitcher of water in her hand, the mate to this one, and when she went to throw out the water she threw the pitcher and all, this way, and"--- Mr. Mann: "Very graphic, my dear; but I think I could have under- stood without your breaking a second pitcher." MEEK and lowly in his tattered raiment, the tramp stood before the woman of the house and breathed forth the desire i.f his heart :—" Fear not, gentle woman," lie said, "It is not work that I seek, nor is it bread ; but I strongly crave the companionship of a shilling. Have you one ?" PRISON WARDER : "It's jaSt been found out that you didn't commit that crime you've been in for all these years, and so the Horn - Secretary has pardoned you." Innocent Man: " Um—l'm par- doned, am I I.' Prison Warder : "Y -e-s. but don't go yet. I'll have to telegraph for further instructions." Innocent Man " \What about?" Prison Warder : "Seems to me Oar, considerin' you hadn't any business here, you ought to pay for your board," STRANGER (at the door) : "I am trying to find a lady whose married name I have forgotten, but I know she lives in this neighbourkood. She is a woman easily described, and peFhaps you know her—a singularly beautiful creature, with pink and white complexion, seashell ears, lovely eyes, and hair such as a goddess might envy." Servant: "Really, sir, I don't know—" Voice (from head of stairs): "Jane, tell the gentleman I'll be down in a minute." ocarly cylindrical in fnrm ; curly hairs are elliptical 6 r flat.

Bi I mon,t Do f Fa any design.S ITHNITD:s and a HORNS mounted also for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or tire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skies, Glass Shades. Stags' Reads, o.,binets Store IkmeA, sets, Ac., for Entterfly and Egg Collectors, c„,-,K.; N,onrallat and Fury:4,r, 21, itenshaw-ctreet. Liven. o'. Fqr.UliLtied 20 years,

„

DISTRIBITT/ON o PRIZES.—On Friday the Church Sun- day school children, to the number of 200 and onwards, partook of tea, to which they were ad mit ed gratuit- ously. After tea an entertainment, given chiefly by the. children, many of whom appeared in charact, r, was greatly enjoyed by those who assembled after tea; many of the parents coming to see their children receiv- prizes. The awards were distributed by the Rf'o. W. ff. Stables, who made a tew suitable remarks as the vafous recipients received their priz..s.

T 0 WLE'SCHLORODYNE A , kA for ter take ToWLE'SCEILORODYNE ii.DIATSLT TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE EBLISVS9 TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE NI virinfzi, BRONCHITISt TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE co,summo,, TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE ASTHMA, TowLE,scHLORODYNE DiettAricoA, SPASMS, Ste. TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE 134 d. per Bottler. A. P. TOWLII. XANCHESTIIII.. -------""

„ UK!”. FURS. FURS. HUDSON'S BAY HOUSE FURRIERS, 123, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. Mr. SPIRO, having been most fortunate in purchasing a Large Consignment of skins considerabl below the market value, can undertake the RENOVATING and REMODEL- LING of LADIES' SEALSKIN el ACKETS into the most perfect styles, at very moderate prices. Our Si OCK is now complete with thane seat and most Fashion- ' able FURS for the coming winter Sealskin Jackets and Capes. Fur and Silk-lined Cloaks, Bears, Sables, S .unks, Btc... de.

NOTE THE ADDRESS : 123, OXFORD ST lt},l.T ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER.

TEETH.

fEr Ttl.

4 "EETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price. I UNEXcHUED IN THE WORLD. The TEETH. publicants . arem ay based ens,: u rAedß s (Tut Tie smlgi. add perhaps the best guarantee of this to ,FEETH. intending patients is that J'. H. PARKIN- SON has one of Largest Dental Practices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employ;ne the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. 'rEETH. not"set made, or work done by him, and giving ABSOLUTE SATI-TACTION in every detail will be imrnediat ly oorrected. TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW BET made FREE OF CHARGE. -rEF:FH. These conditions insure the publes satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets having been inserted for patienti du log one year only directly and Indirectly TEETH. through the voluntary parsuasion ,mi recorn- ~ mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. An,' , I.,ETH. or all these patients' names and addresses. T' reference, will be given to any would-be ~ _ patient personally applying for them These. _ FE.ETH. with thousands in the past, eadh recom- mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. , ' r EETH. Parkinson's success. His unusually large dental establishment TEETH. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUST $' NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily, from 9to 12 , T E EV/ . and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. TEETH. de.. as hitherto, by the aid of his EMS made LIQUID NITROWS OXIDE, of which he' ' TEETFI . new liquifies for sale to dentists nearly - 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- fore, in this speciality also the benefit of h' TE ETU. experience. -FEETH. TEETH.

J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, MANCHESI, 1,, 48, sIO.:LEY-STREET National Telephone, No. 1560.) LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE4-STREBT. EARLISSTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2 to 5 p.m- wAR ISLINGTON ON WISDIBBI-4DAY's. 3,8 nkey-street.

(Side ent ance. first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. •-cUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hutthre,Conf ectioner

Bridge-street, from 2 te 5. NORTHWTCH. on If TIT DAY 4... at 18, Applemarket-street.

(V" li' to 12 a.m., and Ito '5 ""j3".m

MARKETS. WARRINGTON! MARKET.—WEDNESIDAT. Jan. 2sly. FRUIT, VEGETABLE POULTRY. BUTUHERS', AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. S. d. 5. 15. S. d. s. d• Beef, Eng.,V it 0 stol 9 Melon. can ... 1 6 0 8 Lamb per lb 0 0-0 0 Oranges. each 0 0— 0 1 Mutton,, Veal „ „ Pork ~ „ ...... 0 6—U 8 A orteot. each 1 0— 0 0 Pork sides ~ cored 0 5-0 0 Cauliflower. ... 0 0 0 Whole pigs,. se 7 6-7 9 ilucu.nker. each() 0 0 0 , Geese ~ Fow's IP couple 4 6 5 6 Tom.toes V th 0 6 0 8 Chickens Dth.ks „ - 0 0 Spsnts,• Onions a 0-0 0 Ra• t Its Hare.. each -0 0 Asparairtis Ff.• 100 0 0— 0 0 Pigeons,, -0 0 Potatoes ci load 6 0-6 6 Par 'iclge brace 3 6-0 0 New pota'oes „ 0 D 0 0 Grouse ~ Pheasants -7 0 Green Peas 17 iii 0 0— 0 6 Turkey 1 0— 1 2 Green 4prouts tt 0 3—o 0 Butter, fresh it 1 2-1 3 R .ftns, kidney n, 0 0— 0 0 [fen esgs 7& 8 1 0 - 0 0 Pomeg :anates... 0 I—o 0 Duck , Apples Pi Onions „ Grapes „ Pine Apple each 26 3 0 „ good Greenvages o'llso 0-0 0 , ordinary 3O o—4o 0 Cherries , ...... 00— 0 0 Lc:`,sier V iti Stratiberr.les „ 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ Darnaons „ ~0 0— 0 0 S ilmon , -0 0 Plums „ ...... 0 0— 0 0 Whit, rigs Gooseberries,, 0 o—o 0 Fink -s ~ Rasp,erries „ 0 0— 0 0 Eels .. „ Black Currants 0 0— 0 0 Soles .. ~ lied Currants 0 o—o 0 Sparlings Marrows each 0 0-0 0 Codfish .. ,f, 0 0— o 0 Mac'ierel each 0 3 —0 6 Rhubarb bch 0 0— 0 0 31 erri,g r dozen 1 o—o 0

6. What I these spoiled hands are esused by Washing DaYt* I am .urprioed, get MATCHLESS CLEANSER SOAr one, I pray.

::: ~•, , 11 ' A t , t , 7 , . 1:,-•' if : '1,•,• if;,,,,,i- -, , , , • , , ,7 ! 1 ' ! ' , , -, 1 fr ,; ' - I , .. ' , , t r ' I E , . , , , ~ , 1 + , , . . • , , , - I I , • , . ill ts. N. 1, , i 5. 181-5, _.... Ket -str - eet R . . _ ~.„ „-- • 1 LPlrsinws, Ist:visit , , .. ' , ~- ' .is • .. . . . , _......

===== 0002601_18950105_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGES.

WaFNCH—DARBYSHIRE—Denembar 22nd, at the Poi6b Church, Warrington, by the Rev. P W. Willis, JaMe3 Wrr nch to Elizabeth Mary Darbyshire. BOACOW BATE—December 22nd, at the Perish Chisrcl,Br; ringtan by the Rev. P. W. Willis, Joseph Boscow to M'SJ Ann B de. JONES— HADWlNS—December 23rd, at the Parish Chnreh. Wwrington, by the Rey. F. W. Willis, William Jonest° Emily Hadwins. TIIO,IILt'Y—DAGNALL --Decem}ser 24th, ;Atha Parish Chnrch• Warrington, by the Rey. A. A. Markham, Charles Joho Thornley to Sarah's-Men Daman. Mc Doti SLD—LlGHTFooT—De^,ernber 24th. at the Church Warringtan, by the Rey. A. A Markham. Jereirlf • McDona,d to Jessie Liyhtfoo`. eb. ALT,WooD—OUTTON—Decem' er 24th, at the Parish L.,,sn- Warrington, by the Rev. A. A. Markham. John Milian' Allw. 0,1 to Sarah Dutton. Nottmax—Jontosoa— December 25th, at the Parish Cl°lrcl-1. Warrington, by the Rey. A. A. Mark ,am, Ralph Ellzabeth Johnson. MACITEt.i. —BAlLEY—December 25th. at the Parish ChtlrCili Warrington. by the Rev. A. A. Markham, NI illiam Rohe Machell to Alice Ann Hailer. r 140 LAYLAND -RuTHEßFottn—December 25th, at the - Church. Warrington, by the Rev. A. A. Markham, Jam Layland to Margaret Sarah Rutherford. reh Cho NEWALL -HlGHAM—Decemb.,r 25th. at the Parish Warrington, by the Rev. A. A. Markham, William Bewail to Ellen Higbam. HlLL—COox—December 25th. at the Parish Church, V"; rington. by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, Peter Hill to Sars Cock.

===== 0002601_18950105_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATHS.

' HAYWARD —December 21,1, at Knutsford-road, Ward AO", Mabel L. Hayward, aged 16 month,. HlLL.—December 22nd,at Friars Owe,Warrington,,Tesa— aged 4 years. :noon, M OLYNlCUX.—Etccember 23rd. at Barnard-street. Thomas Mo;yneux aged 41 years. moon. TRAVIS.— December 24th at Blue Coat-street, Warr-- James Travis, aged 8 months. .npf,oll. Jommog.—December 24th. at Winwick-street, Warr"' James Johnson, aged 69 years. tab DRNDY.—December 26tn, at Liverpool-road, Emily Dendy, aged 17 years. Warrink

)RIAL CARDS ! Just received 'urge Stock of LATEST PATTElitiri NIT:MORTAL CARDS. Call and Inspect sarnnles• n3This. printed at Handbills. AlsoNePwostterat,ypeWinad: es, Machir m 3, tlisTerrom,

& Ge Warrington.—Prlnted and Published by Jolitl WALICSS . at The hxaminer General Printing Works. n""e/77",.06." and Published also at The Eiaminer (Kees ict.orr", WIONES; High-street, RUNrotiiv ; 32, (..,Prt e' FiP,eryi .„ and 33, Market-str,

I\uIEMO' .1 a lar,

shortest notice. , Bill Heads, do. inery. JO UN Se GREI THE BOROUGH PRESS. 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRI'

===== 0002601_18950105_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WESTON.

===== 0002601_18950105_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
r 11 OYS AND GAMES. The T. Is, to zargest Sel ellen of Toys in the City. Prices from *, flockinse Horses. Dolls. M.,11C trts, Swings. Pole 4"assinettes, ke. All guaranteed English make. 4" THE LATEST PARLOUIP GAMES Is. EACH. SLADE, 73, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

SILVER"' 7 or ILvER,I3LATI4;, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND PURCHASED in lrge and emll quantities IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE OP EV e HY DEsC RI PTION. *"' v ARCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. RED, ,JRWSLLER AND PAWNBKOKER, 10. MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVRRPOOL. (Close by tbe Adelphl Hotel ) AptIGHP7.— ,ST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, e biktm Ltrnonde Sliel4 and Electro Plate. Antiqnft 144 J.li°l4,'C. Lett, rs attended to. C. 11. HAYHURST _Tis Gibson), 73. Ilenshaw-street. Liverpool.

I. PRISCU. PSCIIIER WATER AND LLOYD . SoLR LiVuEPOOL AUTHORISED AGENTS Full THit WALTHAM WATCH COMPANY. I %Also I Zktehr,,, I, . SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical i have gained a universal fame or thsseWatche. T,MEKERPERS IN THE WORLD. They are "Nit C'Y all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- Yirnitati, n. Price maiyalled. Rilv Oases, Chronometer pliant* £l 15 0 XeYiess, ditto s 4. zroin 4 4 0 , ---- 29. CHURCH-STBEET, LIVERPOOL. --,_ c-----_________ lIRISTMAS PRESENTS! o, SooT II ING PRESENTS! iA CC EP A T BLE PRESENTS! PlpGito __ inS 33, PEc PL lAL D 1 S AY OF NOVELTIES IN TOBACCOS, CIGARS &a., FOR CHRIST- llas AT sa; Ho THE SMOKERIES, RUM ARKET-ST., and Yif OLD FOX INN, BEJTTERMARKET STREET, WAR RING TON. J. BESWICK Proprietor. bifx "Ye Miseltoe Noyeltie • CIGARS and 1 EN CIGARETTES in case Corn- pieta; one shilling.

• t‘t; Publirations. • . . Ovir TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical 47 of 4 11wOrk giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the ----„'l3huis of Debility • post free. two stamps.—Atidress 144-bic Lonsdale Square, Barnstury, London, N. Pr, HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. t By a LADY DOCTOR. Irkw.c ,tisramps MADAME A. B. LILY, Colston-sti Able information and blessing to womankind. PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest letltSdl. to n Inslie money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- k:tirThirteen t h annual edition of Explanatory Book 1/I,4lthese („ee. Full of valuable information. -"ueik-per"TIGE EVAlis and Co„ Stockbrokers, 24. Queen R.C• t 0,9„ II EL' S ALMANAC FOR 1895. °,,tsin nts toFarmers and Gardeners; I Birthday In- Vore " tor r; s„, ievery day of the year; the Fate of any t., hild 'elvY4'. Seer, w 4895.. When to Soy, Sell, Court. Marry. set cinPloyment, Sign Contnots, Ask Favors, Hire . eal Mtli Others, Speculate, Travel, Remove ice efither iiigeneral Predictions; Farming & othe; Tables pri sban,, :8108. Prices 6d. post free 7d. Pilgrim St., Ludgate Hill, 8.C., Lowr Warrington an_d all Stationers. , _ qtrror NOTIcH.—WANTIM every man to see the !kcldre'an illu.trated guide of 64 pages. Free l.y post. in envelope.--Write H. HOWELL. Secretary, gi I'l'4443'mi 114 REE TO MEN. Nth tre tired of taking nauseous and mysterious beo:Peur I,4nd compounds. which do you nogood, but only r9t WhiCkee'l iVe organs, write to me and! will send you eahl7 erial .211 t ifdescribes a QUICK AND CBRTAIN mere4jnth. wanting weakness, &0., from whatever 41.„).Setitgi„ NO STOMACH MBDICINB, NO BLIICTRIO. • Lxl,l: envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage 92'93. Great Hussell-street. London. W.C.

HUSSEY'S • CHRIST N 1 AS PRESENTS. JEWELLERY, BROOCHES, RINGS, PINS, WATCH CHAINS, & Caps, Aprons, Blouses, Fans. Skirts Fancy Goods, Purses, Bags, Brushes, Toys, Dolls, Games, and Thousands of fancy articles for use and ornan ent. Send for Illustrated Price List (free) to T. HUSSEY AND CO, 116, BOLD-STREET, LIVEII POOL. Established 40 Yoars. With each Price List we send a very meful Pocket Calendar containing 38 pages, bound with cloth, and gilt edged.

WINTER NOVELTIES. CHRISTMAS GIFTS. A Su- erb Collection of Choice Goods at Popular Prices at HENRY MILES', (The Well - known Glover), 25.5. CHU iself.sy., LIViCRPOOL. (Opposite the P,o-Cathedral). -- SPECIALITIES IN LADIES' GLOVES. SPECIALTIES IN CHILDREN'S GLOVES. SPECIALITIES IN WINfER HOSIERY, SPECIALITIES IN LACES. MADE-UP LACE GOODS, AND EMBROIDERIES. SPECIALITIES IN FANS AND UMBRELLAS. SPECIALITIES IN RIBBONS, SILK SQUARES, SILK TIES. AND SILK SHAWLS. SPECIALITIES IN SILK, LACE, AND LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS. SPECIALITIES I LADIES' UNDERCLOTHING. SPECIALITIES IN LADIES' SILK BLOUsES AND JERSEYS. SPECIALITIES IN LADIES' CORSETS AND SKIRTS. SPECIALITIES IN LADIES' AND SERVANTS' CAPS AND APRONS. SPECIALITIES IN LADIES' TEA GOWNS. DRES4zING GOWNS, AND JACKETS, SPECIALITIN, IN CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTHING AND BABY LINEN. --- Ladies will find in the above Sections an unrivalled Assortment of both inexpensive and costly Articles, suitable for Presents, Sm. HENRY MILES, 25x, CHURCH-ST., LIVERPOOL.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FOR 3/11 ANY SIZE. PAUL, OUT FITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER THE UMBRELLA.)

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, TAKING THE LEAD WITH THEIR SPLENDID SHOW OF OVERCOATS FOR THE SEASON. A FASHIONABLE OVERCOAT 1-1. this Season is the AT Ar New Curl Serge, Single- ill .V.l-7. Breasted Chesterfield with Velvet Collar, 17/- THE M. C. D. have a Fitom • Choice Selection of Men's Single-Breasted Chesterfield with Real :-.llk Velvet Collars, 21/- In Broad Twills. Diagonals, Kvrles, Serges, Friezes, Beavers, Meltons. Ac.. Ac. These GOODS are SPLE v DID VALUE and are sure to PROVE a GOOD INVESTMENT rirHE TRAVELLING COMPANIONAT ri _1 for warmth, ease, and comfort, is the DOUBLE-BREASTED MUNSTER Fully Tabbed, Extra Long. Lined through 21/ TO , - with Wool, Deep Coll ,r In Heavy Tweeds, Broad Twills, Wool 50/_, Friezes. tie For Gentlemen accustomed to travelling, this Coat will prove an inseparable Friend. THE M. C. 1). YOUTH'S OVERCOATS are showing Ina variety of Fashionable Styles. YOUTH'S CAPE OVERCOATS. FROM YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, in Heavy 12F Tweeds, Cheviots, Berger', &c. YOUTH'S SINGLE BREASTED FROM Chesterfield, with Velvet Collar. 11/6 In the New Curl Serge. IHE M.O.D. Buts DEPARTMENT Contains a variety of New Styles. in Overcoats for Juvenile wear. The BOYS' New HUSSAR COAT, Taste- fully designed with Heavy Astrachan FROM trimming, Braid, and Olivets. 10/6 In specially Selected Materials. The BOYS' New LANCER COAT, Collar FROM and Cuffs with deep Astrachan trimming. 7/ A very CHEAP and EFFECTIVE STYLE. BOYS' Double-Breasted REEFER FRO Ni 3/11 OVERCOATS. IN NAPS, SERGES, KYRLES, &C. B 0 Y fir Dnuble-Breasted ALBANY OVERCOATS, FR" (3/6 I CHOICE TWEEDS, WARM AND DURABLE. BOYS' OVERCOATS, with Extra OM Long CAPES FR 6/6 SPECIAL ATTEVION HAS BEEN GIVEN TO THE ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. are displaying New Ranges of High-class OVERCOATINGS and SUITINGi. To Measure MEN'S OVERCOATS, 25/ 7 - 2'/6 To Measure MEN'S SUITS. 32/- 38/ - MEN'S TROUSERS, • 8/6 I_o/6 To Measure FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. High-class Cutters and Workmen Employed. THE M.C. D. make all their own Clothing and DEAL DIRECT with Customers with- out INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. SEE WINDOWS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 10, EIORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. AND W. DUTTON, 16 & 18 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE OF ENTIRE STOCK IN ALL DEPART- MENTS. RENDERED NECESSARY THROUGH CONTEM- PLATED ADDITIONS AND ALTERATIONS TO THEIR PIIIHISES, COMMENCING MONDAY, JANUARY 7T., 18951 And continued until the end of the Month. , ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE OF 50 PAGES FREE ON APPLICATION.

ANNIE TONICS, 1, LORD-STREET, RUNCORN. HOUSE, SIGN AND SHIP PAINTER, CHURCH DECORATER, GLAZIER. PAPER HANGER, AC. Orders for town and country punctually attended to.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF. EADE'S pILLS. "West street, Firgrove. "Rochdale, December 14th, 1859. L'ADE'S pus. " Dear Sir,—l have had the _UJ Gout in my big toe tor six years on EADKS pILLS. and off in spite of the noon erou liniments and pills I bought. A length my brother advised me to try your pli:s. So I son or a small bottle, Is. lid, and am pleased to say nothing ver did me so much good. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF. and in tour days I could wear my boot and go to business. GOUT The second bottlemas rne ail right, nor has the pain since returned. I RHEUMATISM will .nhesrreellwin!tehtiodutt yam, ;if kpniollws , GOUT —Yours truly, "A. CHADWICK. RHEUMATISM " Mr.G.Eade." E ADES GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS Prepared only by George Bade. 72, Goswell-road London. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists. in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

DR. Foxs COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable wafers, being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR. Fox's COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared only by GEORGE FADE. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, And sod everywhere in Tins Is 11 each. Pose free front t e Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or r'lstal Order.

COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. NOT the Or E L HEREBY QUARTER GIVEN, that tof Fre= for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF. CHASTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 31st day of December instant, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. "." The ii aring of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds; will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 31st day of December instant, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Court House, Nether Koutsford, on Witiumsnev, the 2nd day of January I.ext, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hondreds of Bucklow„ Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford Dt•trict, arid the trials of all prisoners corn- nutted from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Kriutsford District must he in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 2nd day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 11th December, 1894.

SMITH LANCASIIIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office i 168, ISLINGTON, LIVRRPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l6, Repayable 6s Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 33. £5O„, Ms. .. ~ £3 9s. Od. £lOO. „ 40.. .. £6 16e. Od. ALEX. GORDON Manager.

lIQ UPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 11 T. ROGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure Of Rupture; registered; sonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truce and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 a 9. Groavenor-atreet , ton- 'On-road. Manchester.

FOR XMAS PRESENTS, USEFUL PRESENTS, accept- able Presents, Snell le presents. Go to th PARA- GON for Umbtellas and Walking Sticks. Roe-street (adjoin- ing Royal Court Theatre, Liverpool.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINRS, GUITARS. BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings. Bows, Cases, Ac.. of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37. RENSRAW-STRICET. LIVERPOOL.

H. ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on £l.O orders s.d above.

AN ENGLISHMAN'S HOUSE IS HIS CASTLE or, properly speaking. ought to be. This can never be the case. if unfortunately a would-be householder has to resort to the Easy Payment System. a new name for the int quitous Hire System. To furnish a house on the Hire eystem. alias the Kase Payment System, is to establiah and support what is the most cruel, arbitrary extortion ever invented. The prices charged for the goods are enormous, witho,,t any regard for quality, the agreements are one-sideri, being drawn with a enteneos which would do credit to a money lender, full of despotic and arbitrary restrictions, Boehms not to remove the mark on the furniture, n.t to remove the furniture, not to wear the furniture. At all times to allow the mem. naries to inspect the furniture. To pay the instal- ments regularly, and if °nets missed to forfeit the furniture and all the moneys you may have paid, that is to say, although you might have paid £l9 on £2 worth of furniture. but ml sed the last payment by a single day, the vultures could empty your house and stick to the £l9 ;acid, as well as DLO; ,urniture. Other conditions such as permission to break open forcibly night or day, the outer and inner doors of your house, in order to take away the goods. and above all, that no matter how badly :.nti wickedly thy may treat you that you undertake not to resort to legal proceedings. Be warned in time, have nothing to do with easy payment or hire system. If you require asaistanae go to Mr. W. H. Woraley, "The Pantheon." Gaythorne, Manchester, the largest House Fur- nisher in the North, who will treat you v. it`t con ideration, sell you goods at the lowest cash price, and. If required, allow you time to pay tor them. charging you 10 per cent over invoice price for the convenience. For instance Mr. Wor.dey 'as several HOUSES OP PUR- I NITUBB on view at £l5 155.. £2O, £25, £3O. £5. £lOO, all at the lowest cash price, and not a penny less. Any of the above supplied subject to credit, upon 10 per cent being added to the amount. Particulars post free. GREAT B tRGA/NS AT WORSLEY'S.—DRAWING- IWOM SUITE complete, solid walnut, cost £4O, price for quick sale £9 cash, £9 18s. credit, with Cthinet, 2 Tables, Overmantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses, /Lc. Voavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in Mahogany, uphol- ster° in Ottoman Cloth, cost £4O new, the whole lot for £ll ler, with Side Board, Dining Table, 0 vermantle, and Coal Vase to match; also a Persian Carpet and Hearthrug. Magnificent Bedroom Suite: Large size Wardrobe, plate- glas,. Centre door, wings for hanging, Dressing Table, Wash- stand.'three chairs and Rail, polished satinwood, ten guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bedstead, CUI tains, Mat- tress, Fad, all to match. Ten per cent added for credit. Note the following bargain r—Complete House of Furniture mainly sec ind-hand, for £2O cash £22 if ky deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room suite in leather, epoch, two easy chairs ,rid tour single eh lire, dining table, mahogany edeboard. Persian cerpet and hearthrug, brass tender, bass fire appliances, cornice anel curtains, and pictures. The kitchen has a substantial drea9er, chairs, arm chair, rocking chair, table, fender and firefrons, hearthrug, oilidOth, &a. The bedroom is furnished with bedroom suite, chairs end rail, chamber service, brass mounted bedstead, patent wire spring mattress. Shetland wool overlay, tolster and two pillows, carprt, and fender. The stairs and the landing are fittrd with carpets, brass rods. &c. The hall or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, brass clip, three mats and a cocoa mat. The above forms tho most compact, convenient lot ever offered. Other lots. £2.5, £3O. £36, £4O, and £5O, ecr ally cheep ; particulars sent on application. Every article guaranteed for eve years. exchanged if not approved. --- WO7.9LEY'S "THE PANTHEON," GAITHORN, MANCHESTRIt. Hours of busineso 9 a.m. to 7 p.m

LORD BROS.' FOR THE NEWEST, THE BEST, THE CHEAPEST, JACKETS, IN CAPES, pALETOTS, MACKINTOSHES, DRESSES, UMBRELLAS, &C. The Latest Designs are constantly being added to our Stock • OUR MAKE' is unsur- passed for FIT. FINISH, QUALITY. AND PRICK. Closed every Thursday, at 1 p.m. 128, BRIDGE STREE f, WARRINGTON.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WAr.RINGTON. BOILER AND CH IMNRY RRRCTORS, FURNACE CO NicTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, ST/0 ET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK E ,TIMATED FOR.

Telephone 79. GARLAND'S. 21/ - EX SPECIAL OFFER. 21/ EXTRAORDINARY FALUB. OHEFFIELD CUTLERY AND PLATE. (Wear White Throughout). One Pair of whl e handle Gan ers, One Table Steel to match, Six Table Knives, Six Dessert Knives, Two Ta)de Spoons, Nirkel silver. Six Table Forks, Do. Do. Six Dessert Spoons, Do. Do. Six Dessert Forks, Do. Do. Six Tea Spoons, Do. Do. Six Rgg Spoons, la. Do. Two Salt Spoons, Do. Do. One Mustard Spoon, Do. Do. One Pair of Sugar Tongs, Do. Do. One Sugar Span, Do. Do. One Handsome Bread Knife. 52 Artiries of guaranteed quality and finish, neatly boxed, post free to any address —GARLAND, Ironmonger. Bridge- et., Warrington. Our extensive Show Rooms are now open to the public for inspection. Floor Lamps from 21s. complete.

cORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pall Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, Ac, Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. I Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early In the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from 11 D. CALLISON, INDOOR SIII•ERINTENDINTT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED, Altrin, tuim, Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Beswiek, Manchester, Mr. J. H. NRWTLJN, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BAKER, Alpralutrn, Tarporley, Cheshire.

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS. FOR DANISH KIEL BUTTER, SMOKED WI, TSHIRB, IRISH ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. PRIME C•IESHIRE CHEESE, In fact for General GROCnRIES AND PROVISIONS At Prioes to SUIT all try E. DOWSES, FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER. 12. OXFORD STREET. EARLESTOWN.

R. LEIERWOOD, 11017 SE AND 00'd/1118510N AGENT, 57, TANNERS'-LANE, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Lite. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Elate Glass Insurance Co.s. owest Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal Settlements. PLIOTOGRA.PHS FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS.

THE MISSES RIMMER, 23, WILSON PATTEN- L ST., WARRINGTON SCHOOL DUTIES RESUMED (D.V.) JANUARY 22tos 1895. Fees, Lists of Passes, Testi- monials, etc., on application.

lADI ES' SCHOOL,NI ELCH ET HOUSE, LYTHAM. L./ —lnclusive terms. special for cl,rcv, references to nrents, vacancy for article 4 pnpil.—Principals, the Misses HALM (Miss. S. Halkrt,L.L.A.)

QTUDIO, 114, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL kJ Mrs. DODD gives Lessons in Painting. Burntwood Work, and Marqueterie Painting. Acl es for Wood Carving at the Studio on Mondays taught by a professional la iy wood-carver. Vulcan wood burning machines and white wood kept in stock.

pEYTH MIR GRAMMAR SCtIOOL, NEAR OSWESTRY.—Head Master, the Rev. W. B. DOWELL LRE, M.A.. late Senior Master Camberwell Grammar School. S E. Famously heathy. country Ilfr, acCommod tion for fifty boarders, modern buildings, schola - ships. £2.5 to £3O. No extras. 1.000 Successes at Public Exams. SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Head Master—Mr. J. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., F.R.G.S. VERY SUC. ESsFUL sCHOOL. RECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and eatnprebenaiye. Recently Removed to larger Premises In Pilkington-road near St Luke's Station). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (Inclusive) tor a few Boarders. Prospectus. Ac., on applicailon to Head Master, NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY. January 15.

MANCHESTER GRAM MAR SCHOOL. FEE £4 4s. PER TERM. SITE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, JANUARY 15TH, 1895. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, JANUARY 14TH, At 9 R. 171. PROSPECTUSES, Forms of Application, Ac., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX, RECEIVER. N. 8.—8 oarding Nouse now open under the sanction of the , Governor.

W ARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL The next TERM will begin on TUESDAY, JANUARY 22xD, 105. Preparatory Form for boys under 12 years of age. Fee, £2 per term. For further particulars apply to the Head Master.

i)ottls.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOMB COMFORTS. CLRANLINBSS AND QUIRT. Central for business or pleasure.

LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST kA PARADB, healthlest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 15L—E. BARER, Proprietor.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MAIM OR MADE TO ORDER in the latest style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. Co JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 271 O'ER STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS. UNDER SHEDS. PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON &ND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCH HALL COLLIERIES. AZAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Puel kept In stock. Wagons tent to any Railway Station, House orders r‘romptiv attended to. Telephone No. 98. 1 N.B.—Orders recalved also at 19a. Sankey-.t.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD Jam BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND RITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To belied in CASK or•BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1855. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72. THOMIS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES. TIPS. CHALK. WAFERS. CEMENT, AND ALL BILLIMID ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS. DRAUGHTS, 6x. UMBRELLA AND WALKING STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TRADE.

(NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. ROYLE'S 1 Burning the New Smokeless Fad See the latest before you purclnee. I IRO NI NG MADE EASY. Ch%reoal and gns irons STOVES.{ entirely superseded. A self -he.tting iron for 5s I Thousands selling. Suppled on ap,,i oval. SHOW itOOMS, .I 41, DRANSG -ITE (oppoiit,-, tram office) PATENTS. I DALHA ~ ENGINSIMING WORKi. I Great Bridgewater-streA, Oxford•street,

VV. P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRON ONGERS, SMALLIVA RE DEALERS, • BUILDERS' MERCIIANTS, qk • CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS. BATS. WIrKETS. BALLS, LEG GUARDS, GLOVES. dc. WIRE NETTING, FENCING WIRE, BASSI NEIT MAIL CARTS. MATS, MATTING. CARPETS. RUGS. LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESC RIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING IRUN KS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

TUCK AND CO.. Limited. INDIA RUBBER PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, do. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or .I'2 CEMENTED ONLY. '4* BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London. Car.liff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS LIVERPOOL

Grr.uuao b I)AIJI,.LLUIss &F, The beat and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Drogiesta. in Chaniste &d.. 10d.. aud Is. Bd each Wholesale by GEDDVA & SON. Virarr4ngtoll.

-------- A BUSINESS that is always picking up—Rag- picking. TimE passes lightly in a crowd, when there are watch thieves around. Or corset is tight lacing that gives some women ICh a stayed appearance. WHEN there is a glut in the provision market, we are liable to see the glutton. A GOOD REASON.—" Mamma, why is papa bald?" " I am his fourth wife, darling." " I'ts all very wall- to talk about gas-light, but you don't get it that way in the bill." ONLY the sublimity of cheek can rise to the gran- deur of luck. A PROMISING young man—One. who gets his tlothing on credit. IT is the manufacturing chemist who always has a, retort ready. - IT is better to give than to receive. This applies particularly to advice. a couple are making love by moonlight thcir feeling is one of in-fine-night bliss. -THE spanked child soon finds out who has the tipper hand in the dome,4ie government. - - SHOW THIS TO SOlldli WOMAN. I will send a valuable, instructive, and highly interestivii book which every weman would be glad to lla; Contains important and confidential advice and tells married and 'single how to keep healthy and avoid anxieties so dlstressinri to the sex. Sent free, secilteu sealed, for one stamp to cover postage. A_nrarlam : Professor E. LASALLE. 17; Eastbourne TerraCe i'e.d(ii,,gton, London. W WORTH KNOW ING.—WOODB N D'S FAMOUS NINO OILS, is e. boon to sufferers and sets like magic in all cast of IinEUMATISM, . SPRAINS, BRUISES, and STar JOINTS. Price Is. 4d. per bottle, carriage paid.—J.Woolgail/' ohenat.22. Pitt-street, I iverpool.— Advt.

n TOBACCO TS NIS commencing " guide (2v ` yes— Tog zcoomeTs' 00.-186, Buston-toad,London. manager, iy.Mrsits Bst. 1866. nv, noyal Laundresses say eritehley's 6TA. RCM is uto,qualled for imparting a beautiful finish to stareb...7 :11:c., either gold or boillag water starch. Mr. wall. says :—" My wife will ilot finish our linen without yo" "Starrth Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-etiTt Sh.troh Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours. should be used in every house. Sold at M., 3d., and 6do most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure 0 BPACkblirn. Peobriftor.— A chif

RUPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODBND'S PATS'IL TRUSSES, the most eomfortahle truss ever invanted-_," boon to wearers, hlri ng no spring at back. Single 75. Double 12s. Carriage paid. Send size in inches .10 WOODETID. Chemist, 22. Pitt-street. Livernool.—Advt.

RUPTURE CURED. RUPTURE CURED. RUPTURE Cl7llO The aflliWed are respectfully notfierl that Mr. SHERmAN. Hernia Spcciali,t, will continue t practice at OLD ONLY BRANCH CHAMBERS in MA.SCHEsTER, nartl:er 26, KING-STREET (during the whole of the year 1895 he so long has had such I.,M.ARALLED &moils, in the tra.rt, ment of the MANy TuousANns who : ave applied to 001 relict-and cure of rupture at 26. KING-STREET, MANCIIEST7e, Lon.ion address 64. Chancery-Ime, where h stteoo, ALTE:RNATE :Weeks. Send stamp tor his NEW Boo,' or_ IturrußE and other useful information. now FRN.E of CLEAS,r, NoTE. only address in .M.C.MiI.STER is 26 KING-ellarl! which is convenient to at Railway 6tations. l."atlTlorea' d. CAUTION I!! CAUTIoN ill Beware ..f Itritrue and fili'Vier in advertisements now appearing in Manchester and 0, psis newspapers. Do not be deceived. His oh t and only 81111;er in Manchester is 20, King—t., and remember t at 110 person bearing the name of SHERMAN has until just the pact few .:ays ever had any addre,s whatever in siiancu;e ten S. J. SHERMAN is the only parson bearing that otal De • who has lied offices in Manchester for some years past. r 1 is the actual and only person who has effected the woum-,,001 Rupture Cures in Manchester and elsewhere througa Great Britain during that period.

Eczema, Rabies, Sunburn, all Skin Affections, Stiff Joints, Twinges in the back, Toothache, Chilblains, Lumbago, Strained Muscles, Rheumatism of years standing can be got rid of at once with ..... ,d-----------------'_..--'" --------._ . „ ..,.----,...,..........,....,,_ . , , -...111...„......._ ...... . ____......_.... -...._ ~.......____ --zz---_-:-.....-:-.... ---------__----„_ The thing that Cures ..........................„-___ ,„-,.:-.„-....-....„......... ..„........„..%, \ ______ , , ..,,-, .. ; . 9 ~... _,...._........ N se t,iy, Itt, ' .•,..,:' ' „.,' , \ _ z_ _. __,..,....,........\ -zzA".IA tP%-• , -.............. , , .. a -- - - - ,'', ',, - .•;••••: , , . \ - ,„--2:, ',/, :-: • ....m.1}10.11.11, It instantly Touches ..........,.......... ~,-;,....,....,,, . ........ ~-,,..---.... \ • - --::::----- ................ 1t,....,.... ''.;3'.,e,AP4 1 - -,, • '.. /11 -;.t!'...:**::::7..t0:::::::Ir. ~ ( the . \ ~ ....,..... .. ....„._ -...:4,,...„.....,. ,k ~..,....-,.... _..„...„.....„......„......,...._,... e,..•-stc,. ',AktOtt .4...i.L z.,, ..'% Fs,. \ti , , . .. , .. : 7 " ' " . • - - • . . . . . s ......, :17•fil;4?' ---'' • C ).-- z- P17.411,P,,-;":::*-.,-,...,„..._-'rn"fr"-' .-...f.:%•::: ~..' 74131'4 ~ '%\, - - -, ~ ~,,9/, •,f -1,2 n.. ' AFFLICTED. --.., _ -

t Mirk% tasintitts, earrtages, Zirt _ NEW Four Wheeled VAN, suit B.ker or Confectioner Yarmouth CAN. r, two spring Id RAMS to carry two and four lons. Any dcscriptionot Vehicle built to Order and Design.—WILLIAM li.lbisToN,Wheelwright aud Ladder Works, Clayton, Manchester.

11.00 PER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS. 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus, Victoria', Wationottaa, and Phwtons. now for Salo or litre.

ELHAff' A,THMA CURE never fails to cure canaries, VT See ,y ou get Welham's Post free 7d. Canarydine Works, Gordon-grove, Camberwell, London CANARIES, Canaries in all varieties for breeding or song. Before purchasing send for price and particulars. Grand stock at TuiaRETTLE's, naturalist, Grapes Hill, Norwich. Established 1860.

REAU t iI'UL SINUIN (I Cut K CANARIES, trained by Nightingales, Woodlar..s, Titlarks, have long trills and Waterbubble, run 1 s., 123. 6d.. and 15s. each; 2 special Grand b( HOOLISIASTBHS 21s. each all warranted in full song, health and condition. Sent safe to any address ma receipt of P. 0.0.; also a beautiful Grey PARROT, with red tail, talker, 45.; 5,000 pairs Foreign Birds in stock. bend for price use, state wants; also Persian Cats and Kittens, Pet Dogs of all kinds. All articles war- ranted first-class.—AmausTus ZACHE, Merchant, Portland Aviaries and Pet Stores, 196, Great Portb‘nd-St., London W.

%ORE SHOULDER, SOIIE HA. ES, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S ELL ID. ' Veterinary Look free from 61, Turnmill- itreet, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, brui.. s, broken knees, cracked heels, grease oe thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Co,ldy's Fluid. (diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubled off. Prices, 8 oz. Is. ;20 oz 2s. of all Chemists. ETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases af Horses, Dogs, Ace. from CONDY'S FLUID WonXS,6I. Turnmiliestreet, London.E C.

- - - WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. .sf LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WitnwEansv. BRITANNIC Wed.. Jan. 9. I*MAJUSTIC... Wed, Jam 16 Cotron not carried on Passenger .Steamers. Second Cabin will on carried an toe voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class. uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to IBMAY, IMRIS, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London. 13.0., and ICI, Water-street, Liverpool

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WOULD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER ' OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR lUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATRE- kJ DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2. W HITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW ta. YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WRDNESDAY.—Fare £2.

JEW ZEALAND. TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Tenet'Me Cape Town. and at Hobart. dm. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, SOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at 1. 4-1;1 THE EAAMINER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. SOHN yr, ektx tot 4...rn coo . P.ORvTq

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die- covered. CifiLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumi Mon, Bronchitis, and Asthma. VILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests tiose too often fatal die ases.—Diphtheria.Fever,Croup, Ague. Aat HLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentry. 11-ILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks ) of Epilepsy Hysteria. Palpitation. an 3 Spasms. NALORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis, &c. From Dr. B, J. BO I'LION and Co.. Hornonstie. We have made pretty xten ive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda tire and Antispasmodic. It s.-em 9to allay pain aud Arrita- +lan in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces % feeling of comfort and quietwie not obtainstle by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other Sedatives ; that it leav- a no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Rusi,ell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majez.ty's Consul at Man- illa, to the Effect that Cholera had been raging fearf ullv and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODY'NE,” . —See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAITtION.-- Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE Wo^n stated that Er. I . COMM BI,OWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of "CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the deten.lant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid. 2s 94., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the worm, •‘ DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNN " on i.he Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFALTUREIift --J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-at., Bloom,,bury, London.

W. BRATTY, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all lands of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. AU kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

OritP. t2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to snit borrowers, in any part of the conntry.-4. W. READ S7fit 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 5.152.

NC) FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANc:BD. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms. apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20. KENNEDY ST RENT. MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

_ WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. ii 18. JOHN 11. COODWIN continues to make ADVANObb LVI FILIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working•men, and all respectable licuseholders, on their own security. .dONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enqufry,. on your simple written prcruise to pay back.—Apply Pt VW. TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WI DUES and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane: any Evening from 6t 17. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

GEORGE JACKS,r'', PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- S 1 RUM ENTS ot every Deicription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES. CHRISTMAS SALB—FOR THIS MONTH ONLY OF s. d. Men's Coats from 1 11 each. Men's Trousers from 1 6 pair. Men's Vest from 9 e .ch. Men's Overcoats from 2 6 each. Youth's Suits from Boy's Knicker Suits from Boy's Odd Vest: from 6 each. Men's Shirts from Men's All wool singlets from Men's All-wool Drawers from . Great Bargains in DRESS PIECE. Call and see before you buy elsewhere. EXTREMELYhandsomeBRO Ot H and Earrings to match, in solid Payments taken. 18-c-rat gol I, set with red di,monds and rubies, very neat design and in neat morrocco case, cost recently S. £4 10s. Only

-VERY Handsome Pair of Solid V Silver SALT-SPOONS,Govern- Payments taken. ment Hall marked, pretty d, sign S. 9D. Only

RAAB Chance. (Taken in ex. change). BANJO with all Payments taken. latest modern improvements, patent screw head, very powerful and sweet tone, cost late own,r 3 guineas, waterproot case included, a bargain for S. 6..

XCELLENT WASH FOR THE HAIR; how to promote 1:4 the growth of hair, inexpensive, 7 stamps each.-5 Castle-cottage, Epsom.

RECIPRS.—Starch enamel for glazing linen like china, easily made. no chemicals, 6 stamps. Curry, 66 Cathrine-terrace, Llanelly.

LAUD'S IRON PILLS (F.P.) enrich blood. beautify complexion ; grass, post free la.—brawl and Co., Edinburgh. rikIOICE Trichluopoly CIGARS, in boxes of 200, at 32s.per V box ; cash with order. Imported by BUSHEY Rims. and Co., 7, Rumford-street. Liverpool.

11‘,T ADAMR IDA ELI IS, Kent-road, Bla:kpool. deecribes the character, talents, and Linings of any person from their handwriting or photo. Fee, is N SALE, MANURE W ORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Applyeto T. HOSKIN°, 16, Fenwick-Street, Liverpool,

VURNISHING and UNDERTAKING 'TININESS. Waterinp place, fine premises, old estBbll3hed, low price. Sale or partnership.—COßLETT. Ramsey, Isle of Man. ANUFACTURRRS' Remnants in Stuffs, Calicoes, Cash- meres, Velvets, Flannels, !cc. ; 1011 as bundles; cheap • price list free.—W. CLARKION, merchant, 41. Swain -,treet, Bradford.

FOUR SIDES splendithisiryferl Wiltshire CURED YOUNG B CON, warrAnted very mil 1, weighing 77Ibs. eac , ham attathed to all, 6tlb. carriage paid.—GaLE, Bakery, Melksham, Wilts.

rilll LIGHTNING RAISIN-STONER; stones a pound of raisins in a law minutes without waste or sticky fingers Post free Is 2d., from the Household Specia?ities Co., 63, Chancery-lane, London.

PANCIEWORK.-50 pieces silk, satin, brocade, velvet, is. Bd. or is. 2d. ; printpieces (good parcel) ls. 7d, ; par eels for bazaar work and doll drapdag 3s. 6d.—STACLY- London-road, Southampton.

HEUMATISM. RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATISM.—Cure guarant act by Prior's Magic Liniment; try it.— STORES, Chemist, or 14 stamps of Prior, 8, Clarendon-st., London, N.W.

HORSI<S' LOIN ULOTHS.—Best and strongest in the market-46in. lorg. 3,in. wide, waterproof fin stout navy canvas, And weighs 41b. I witi send one post free for 33. ;worth Is. 6d.—H. J. GASSON, nye.

r ANCAS HIRE GOLD WATCHES, equal in app, arsine to .L 1 20-guinea watches. Chronometer, e,e tre-seeonds. stop watches. 158. 6d. ; keyless hunters, 18s 61. each. Good time- keepers. Money returned if not. approved.—Postal orders to A. COLLINS, Station-road, Ainsdale, Lancrishire. UNTING SPURS, finest pair.reAl silver, fashionable long straight necks, with best straps. patent leather, un- soiled, 4s. 9d., worth I guinea: pair nickel plated ones, with good straps, complete. post paid, 2s. 9d. J. WARRILOW, Chippenharn.

MAGIC LANTERNS, DES.—(Special barga.ne) and Accessories, Phrtographic Enlarging Lanterns, stereo- scopes (and views, splendid c Ilectiot) Microscopes Jr.c. new and second-hand. very cheap. Manchester Photographic Dek. Ot, 71, Oxford-, treet . (All Saints).

1p 0 CND, a way to make (m. Pound go as far as Three. The most wonderful Stock of Gentlemen's and Boys' Cloth- in g in Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on hire. 51. to se. per d4y.—Er.woon, 164, London-road. Liverpool. EIDEN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has OB ty SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phinlps, and Aber. ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; ICO to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

BILLTARDS t BAGATELLE t—The cheapest house for bildard and Hapateile Tables and Requisitra is HE ING BROS., LTD., 29, High-et., London, W.C. Bend for new Pries Mat, cloth and ushi n samples, post tree. Estab- lished lan.

DRESS SUITS, 20s. excellent condition. Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coats, 10s. and 1.2 a. Suits on hi.re, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stock.—ELwoon 164, London-road, Liverpool.

SPORT. BOY'S OWN GRINS 2s. 31. American Pocket Catapults, Is. 3d., kill b:rds, rabbits. &c. Rabbit Rol- lers, superb ,r to ferrets. Is. packet Purse-nets 6 for 26 3d. Noise le,s Rsbblt Rifles 93. Pocket Rifles. 9s. 61. Cartridges, Is. Ed IGO. Guns, Rides, Nets, Traps, ac. Lists la. Carriage p..ld.—.TortN EGGLESTON. Naturalist. Sunderland.

(KIN and S'OttBUTIO DISEASES such as ECZEMA, 1.3 SCURF, SYCOSIS (Muter's Itch). PIMPLES and other i ruptione cured by " ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."— Has cured Wee of long standing titer medical men have failed. Per Box 9fd By Post ls. From B. ENGLAND, Lis- card. Liverpool.

SECO N D-11 AN n FURNITURU at low prices, to clear Oak C, uch in leather, oak Leunge Chair in leather, Brown Oak Sideboards, two Oak Bookcases, Black and Gold Cabinets, six Walnut t'hairs, Arm Chairs, three Lady's sew- ing Chairs. Settees. three Wa nut Oval lahlio. one Oak Library Tanis. one Leather-covered Centre Otioman. two Drawing-room Centre Ottomans in silk. (The above are well adapted for public rooms.) Two or _three Carpets.— ROBERT GARNETT AND SONS. Cabinet itakers, Upholsterers, !cc., Warrington. Established 1824.

VIIIRD by SANFORD'S RAT POISON. which is said 11 by Farmers and others to be the beat ever introduced, as they find the rats dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers and others. Also poison for killing Moles. a New Discovery, an.wers well. Land infested with these pests can be spe.dily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLR POISON. Price of either of above. Is. 24., is 6d..55., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

THAT'S WHAT I GET FOR MY PAINS, as the Cyclist said, when rubbing with GIBSON'S FAMOUS UMBROCATION.—BottIes Is. ii., 2s. 9d., and 4. 6d., post free.-134Baoles BailitiOCATloN COMPANY, Queen's Avrutie, Castle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Bridge-et., Warrington.

A WARDEDFIRSTPR IZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for linglibb and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mr uldings—all the newest designs. Two mill,on feet always in stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, cleograpbs. ,tc. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and ship‘ lug orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just publish-4i (94 pages) containing ell the Newest Designs for 4d, stamps. —H. MOBELL, 17 and 18. Great Bt. Andrew-at„ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address " Rabbitry." London. Stock lists and prices ot glass monthly, free.

---- ----- BANK STREET, OFFICES, £5 a room. pIINKETII. COTTAGES, 3s. 9d. and 2s. Bd. per week. V H INWon, Oliver-streo , Good LODGING \ UNION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. BRIME STREET. Modern Built SHOP with excellent dwe,ling-honse, £65. BRIDGE STREET, Market Gate end, Lock-up SHOP, dm. Apply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No 55.

RESIMINCE TO LET.-68, Bewsey-et.; eapital Dwelling /louse; 4 bedrooms, bathroom, hot and cold water, wardrobe, 2 entertaining rooms, ; reduced rent.—Particu- aars, Taos. COWDItiLL, Estate agent, 45, Scotland-road Cham- tire, Warrington.

QUBURThi. —blest prominent Free Coroner SPIRIT VAULTS good pay ing trade proved; lease; including fixtures, tte., £25O.—E. C. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liver- pool.

I\TO Goodwill.— Very extensive well-fitted SPIRIT _.Ol VAULTS, with wholesale department. Moderate rental, Deposit required as security.—AisnEurox, 101, Dale-street, yerpool. NEAR Lord-street.—Very compact Free SPIRIT VAULTS hand omely-fitted bar, newly renovated throughout ; £250, including fixtures; good lease.— ANDERTON, Dale-street, Liverpool.

EC. ANDERTON (late Anderton and Jude), 101, Dale street, Liverpool has to Let genuine Full-licensed PREMISES from £5O to £lOOO. —All particulars apply as above. THE BEST MUSICAL PAPER. THE MUSICAL HERALD. JANUARY, 1895. TWOPENCE. Sir George Grose: Character Sketch by a Friend. How to Produce Tone. Composer's Department. Prize Competition : Results and Announcement. Lou on Board School Concerts. Sketches of Great Conductors : Parry, Birnby, Randegger, Moons, Hentchel, and Mackenzie. New Portraits: Mr. 0 orge Oakly, Miss. 8., and Mr. L. Venables. A Musical Invasion from America. Echoes of the Month. Part Song: Of a' the Atria. Charles Jessop. School Sight Singing Test. By Mr. A. It. Gaul, Mu'do Comp. titions in London. Birmingham, Isle of Man. Plucked at Dublin : Amusing Cartoon representing Pro- fessor Prout plucking Handel on account of his plagiarisms. Questions Answered. Sixty 1/11.1004i inquiries freely replied to. Subjects : Pianoforte, Voice, Harmony, Church Music, Examinations, Organ, Chanting, Solo Singing, Musical Degrees, Choir Training. PUBLISHING OFFICE: 8 & 9, WARWICK-LANE, LONDON, B.C.

filarinntrp, &r.,onOak. QPLENDID BENCH LATHE. back gear, slide rest, 2iin centres, chucks, £.2 10s., carriage paid, worth £4 10s.— MITCHELL, Tatsfield, Surrey.

CT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod. Grier-on. and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest As.ortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogu, ot wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in. Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pATHNT OPPICII MANCHESTER, BSTABLIEIIIED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have bast more than 40 years' personal experience In connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufacteres. "Self-he pto the New Patent Law," price 84. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES. C.E.. & SON. F.1.P.A., M.S.A„ 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUsB. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'i PAIBET AI,BESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBISSToS LUBRICANTS. • BELL'S ASBESTOS PA KINGS. SHERTINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABKSTOLINTI. Can only be obtained Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the :Northern Counties: F. R. P UT Z. 8 and 9. SOUTH PARADE. Deansgate, Blanchester, AND PUTS, CUR.PHBY, AND CO.. 2. STRAND-STREET, Jame-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses: " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos," Livetpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OPPERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

FURS I LAM ES' FURS! You can Purchase Single Articies of Fur at Wholesale Price, all the first fashion; also Sealskin Jackets and other Garments. NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY. Office and Showroom 21, LEVER-STREET, (Opposite the Royal 11.firmarv, Piccadilly), MANCHESTER. Alterations by the First Skill. Sealskin Garmenta Re-Fashioned, anti all other Furs, Br pairs, Re-Dyelng, Cleaning. An.

BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVBRAGN. Made by the Simple Audition of Boiling Water. At a Coat witula the reach of all. LITTLB STANHOPB-ST.. MAYFAIR. W

1400 PING COUGH The celebrated effectual 'TOWING COUGH cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicine. I Cl:lax-lists price I_IOOPING COUGH 4g per al per bettle. Sole Whole- sale Agents : W. EDWARDS BRONCHITIS AND f: ON, 157, Queen Victoria btreet, London. CROUP

-- Telephone : N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, }. Warrington. AUCTION Rooms—No.l Rank Street AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710 Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boileilnsurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS fl VIOW DELL. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES AND JA LER 0031, SCOTLAND ROAD CHAMBERS, 45, SCO'l LAND ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on SALE by ,riyate Treaty. INSPEC lON INVITED.

lEatrtmonp.

ATRIMONY.-11klucated and refined young lady, with cons,derable private means. residing in an isolate., country district, with tew sock' opportunities, is desirous fl making the acquaintance of an honourable and suitable gentleman, with a view to marriage.--Addressi Miss ASTON, 81, WelLi-street, Oxford-street, London, W.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. P. DEBERT, WHOLESALE JEWELLER AND GENERAL MERCHANT 10. CHUM:: H-STREKT, LIVERPOOL, Has prepared a large and well-selected stock of WATCHES, CLOCKs, JEWELLERY. SILVIat WARE ELECTRO-PLATE, CUTLERY, OPERA GLASSES READING GLASSES, BAROMETERS AND THERMOMETERS. STEAM ENGINES, PURSES, BAGS, CHINA, POCKET KNIVES, MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, TOYS, DOLLS, GAMES, AND GENERAL FANCY GOODS. -- HEyE IS A PRICE LIST OF ONLY A FEW OF THE ARTICLES SUITABI.II FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS:— Reliable Keyless Nickel Watches from 6s 11d. Chronograph Watches with Patent stop, 6s lid, Ladies' Silver Watches from 105 95. Gents' Slyer watches from 12s 64 Ladies' Gold Watches from 345, Gents' Gold Watshes from 50s. Timepieces from Is 54, Alarnms Irons Is 10d, very small timepieces from 28 64. Carriage Clicks in Leather Casee from 3s 64, Wood Pendulum 'timepieces from 28 Ild,Ladies' Silver Alberts (The Daisy ") is 6.1 Ladies' and Boys' Silver Alberts from 38 64, Gents' Silver Alberta (Government stamp on every link) from 58 11, Silver Brooches (Government stamptO) from Is, Silver Initial or Name Brooches (all are Government stamped) at is 744, Solid Silver Salt Spoons (Government stamped)ls 64 per pair,Gold Brooches (Government stamped) from 28 114, Ladies' and Gents' Gold Rings (Government stamped) from 2s Ild, Gold Scarf Pins (Government stamped) from 2s 11d, Sterling Silver Charm Pendants from 744, Gold Pendants (Government stamped) from 413 6d, Silver Match Boxes trom 6s 6d (Government stamped). Electro Silver- Plated Tea Spoons from 2s 94 half doz. Do. Dessert Spoons or Forks from 48 lid half doz.. Do. Table spoons or Forks from 6s lid t elf doz., White Metal Tea Spoons (and will wear white throughout) from 444 half doe., Do. Desert Spoons or Forks from 94; half doz., Do. Table Spoons or Forks from is 3d half doe.. Do. half doz. Tea Spoons in case, 18 ; Dersert Knives from Is 744 half doz., Table Knives from Is lid half doz. ' • Best Carver Kniie and Fork, 23 lid from Bread Knives rom 644 each ; Electro Silver Plated Breakfast Cruet from Is Ild, Do. Dinner Cruets from 2. lid Do. Biscuit Barrel from le lid, Do. Butter Dishes from Is. Do, Teapots from 8.91. Do. Sugar Basis from 2s 6d, Do. ' Napkin Rings from is ; Tea and Coffee Set from 105 9d Set of five pieces; Child's Knife, Fork, and Spoon, in box 54L 9441an4 is 244 ; Do. better quality, end in case, 25 lid; Do Electro Plate. Scud; Op ‘ra Glasses from 2s lid pair. B Ito- meters from 58 11d, Thermometers from 54d, Reading Glasses from 344 to Be Ild Steam Engines from Is, Leather Purses fern 3d. to 3e ed Pocket Knives 3.1 to 3s 64, Ladies Bags 644 tO-1015 64. Dolls from 544 to 12s 94, 8-Air Musical Boxes 355. Silver Bangles from 64, GM I fr,m 9sle4. Ladies Companion from 644 to 16s 651, China Vases 54d China Vases (3 in box) 1044, cup and Saucer (with and without moustache) 544, Photo Frames from 644, de., ac., de. Orders by Post receive Special Attention. Mention this paper. P. D EBERT, Wholesale Jeweller, Watch and Clock Importer, AND GENERAL MERCHANT. REMEMBER NEW PREMISES, 10, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ANNUAL SALE. OF N OVELTIES FUR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND Nwi, YEAR'S GIFTS. DISCOUNT OFF ALL GOODS. 2/- IN THE POUND. We WOODS AND SON I have the pleasure to announce that after making ex- tensive end elaborate alterations to their windows and air-tight show cases, they are now holding tkeir ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SHOW, which comprises the largest and most complete colleotion of WATCHES 10/6 TO .E4O. CLOCKS 5/- ,220. JEWELLERY. FANCY GOODS AND NOVELTIES, they have ever submitted at this Season. DISCOUNT 2/- IN THE POUND. CORNER OF SANKEY-STREET AND CORPORATION STREET. WARRINGTON.

AGRIPPIN A GRAND MEDICINE FREE FROM POISON. J 178% THY IT FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING COMPLAINTS. IT IS W ONDERFUL For MEASLES, Teething, Headache, BILIOUSNESS. Feverishness, Sore Throat Bronchitis, or any CHEST complaint, Pains in the BACK. any Rash or Eruptions on the Skin, any painful redness Swelling or Abscess any SKIN DISEASE, any BLOOD DISORDER. BITES of any kind, BLOOD POISONING and purifies the Blood. SOLD by Mr. Bibby, Grocer, St. James-st., Latchford ; Mr. Gaudy, Grocer, Church-st. ; Mr. Flynn. Grocer. Winwicdr- rd. ; Mr. Hill, Grocer, ao., Priestly-st.'; Mr. Hollowell, Grocer, Liverpool-rd. IN POWDERS, TWOPENCE EACH.

GAS lIEATING STOVES. OIL HEATING STOVES. COAL AND COKE STOVES. A GREAT VARIETY Suitable fur OFFICE, WAREHOUSES, BEDROOMS, SITTING ROOMS, NURSERIES, &c. SAFETY OIL LAMPS. TAIR,E AND TELESC ,PIC. BEST PATTERNS AND MARES. BAXENDALES', MILLER-STREET, MANCH ESTER.

FALECTRO- MASSAGE (THOMAS' :-.YOTRM). CONSULTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS LORD-z,TREET, LIVERPOOL. It. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. RESULTS FROM THOMAS ME iHOD OF TREATMENT. ELECTRO-MASSAGE, RLItC TRO-HYD ROPATHY, &C. Miss—, Liverpool, chronic dyspepsia, nervous exhaustion; hteen treatments.-- C t ' RED. Mr. —, Liverpool bronchial-asthma, general debility ; eight treatments.—CUßED. 1 Master —, Bootle, paralysis, nervous debility, &c. ; twenty ! treatments—MUCH IMPitiVED. Mr. —, Warrington, nervous exhaustion, varicocele; eigh- teen treatments.—CU RED. Miss —, Birkenhead, many years chronic asthma, nervous debility, and general exhaustion ; eight treatments.— ALMOST CURED. Mr. —, Bootie, varicocele, mental depression ; eighteen treatments—CUßED. Mr. —, Liverpool, varicocele, nervous exhaustion, &c. ; twenty treatment s—COMPLETELY RESTORED. Mr —, Liverpool, neuritis, atrophy of the optics, nervous debility, slu,gish liver ; SIGHT RESTORED, general health greatly improved—sixte,n treatments. Miss —, Liverpool, goitre and general debility—nearly well. Full particulars on application. Free consultation. R. H. Thomas, Specialist 22, imru-street. Liverpool. ELECTRICITY, as a Iherapeut,c Agent, when scientifically appLed, acts as a STIMULANT, !MAUVE, TONIC. THE EFFI,CT,, ARE— IMPROVEMENT IN SLEEP, INCREASE OF APPETITE; IMPROVEMENT IN DIGkSTION AND ASSIMILATION, RhG.LAi lON OF BOWELS. • IMPROVPMENT IN CIRCO LATION, RELIEF OF NER- VOUS NES ) AND MENTAL DEPRES ; INCREASE IS VITAL FORCE AND NERVE ENERGY. Mr. —. Birkenhead, nervous debility of long standing; six treatments—better in every way. Mr. —, Prenton, nervous exhaustion, acute neuralgia, general prostration; twelve treatments, CURED. Mr. —, Liverpool, nervous debility, sluggish liver, consti- pation, varicocele ; twelve treatments, CURED. Mr. --, Seacombe. extreme nervousness, constipation general debilly ; fifteen treatments, CURED. Mr. --, Prenton, nervous dyspepsia and liver congestion ; twelve treatments, greatly improved. Mr. ---, Bold-street, Liverp,rol, complete nervous exhaus- ,tion, loss of vital power, congested liver ; twelve treat- ments, FULLY RES OILED. Mr.--, St. Michael's, nervous debility, chronic constipa- tion oh years, standing, varieocelo ; two courses of treat- ment, THOROUGHLY CURED. Many of the above cases had been considered hopelessly incurab'e. References on application. CONSULTATIONS FREE. One Resident Patient taken. R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. 22, LORD-ST HEE r, LIVERPOOL.

Written by a Diplomee of a London Hospital. A Copy.ol thls Book will be sent to each user_of LIFEBUOY SOAP who sends his or her name and address and la LIFEBUOY SOAP Wrappers, postage or carriage paid, to LEVER BROTHERS. Limited, Port Sunlight, near Birkenhead. CONTENTS—THE MISSING BAG: A C.,mplete Story— INTRODUCTION TO THE SECRET OF HEALTH'— GUIDE TO HOME NURSING GUIDE TO NURSING IN INFECTIOUS ILLNESSES—OUR DUTY TO OUR NEIGHBOUR— CHOLLRA. : How to Prevent it—SPECIAL CHAPTER—A WORD OF WARNING—SICK DIET, AND FEEDING THE SICK —GSRFuI. HINTS FOR HEADS OF FAMILIES.

Books by LIFEBLIOY SOAP is a Carbolic Disinfectant Soap for use in the Pre. vention of Sickness and the Preservation of Health, and is guaranteed Popular Authors perfectly pure and free from any injurious chemicals. Given with All purchasers of this soap can exchange the Wrappers, at the Dealer's from whom they buy the soap, for BOOKS. Lifebuoy Soap.

LEVER BROTHERS, Limited, Port Sunlight, near Birkenhead, have received the accompanying Report on LiFEBUOY ROYAL DISINFECTANT SOAP from Dr. Karl Enoch, Chemisch, Hygl- asches Institut, Hamburg. 1/5221.T. Bu tivated germs or ml- The examination of IE crobes (Bacillus), in the sample of ' Llfebuoy each case a certain 0y a I Disinfectant exact time being al- Soap' furnished to RIO lowed for the operation; by Messrs. Lever , 'tor and thus the capacity' Brothers, Limited, of off' -;7 i OYAI: (.-.7).),,, of this soap for destroy- Port Sunlight, Eng. - ?.,0,1, log the various live and • land, gives the follow- .. I ',4%.10?:` growing germs was tem results as to its '441. ..Ys72.4:l°.'_ e:t.. re ~.., proved. action as a disinfectant. THE RESULTS f ,‘-; c,,' proved. ---- - - Solutions of I, 2 and aikillN ' were as follows:- 5 per cent. of Llfehuoy , ,411'iw,Fss,ri.A Royal Disinfectant „it i ;.,,,,, .-e r t.—The obstinate Ty. les:4le,_ phold Microbes, with 5 made. These solutions MIL,-0-1107-; .1 ' ...' '''-'"' '''''' ''''' were brought to bear on 01001 , .ii_w- 1„, AM ANTISEPTIC al percent. solution, were a variety of clean cut- si.aave ~ "-' .3 '.,... DISINFECTANT. dead within 2 hours. 2.—The operation of this soap on the Cholera Microbes was very remarkable, and showed this soap to be In the hi,:hest degree a disinfectant. These were taken from persons who had died of Cholera 1 _ Is Hambur, and showed a result as follows: i With the 2 per cent. mixture, Cholera Microbes cent. same were dead within 5 minutes. 3.—The Diphtheria Microbes were killed after a hours with the 5 per cent. solution. 0 4.—The 5 per cent, solution was tried on fresh Carbuncle germs, and the result showed that the Microbe life was entirely extinct after 4 hours. From the foregoing experiments It will be seen that the Lifebuoy Royal Disinfi powerful disinfectant and exterminator of the various germiid—Microbes of direst,. (Signed) KARL ENOCH, Chola. Ewen. Insf., Bambini.

INDIGESTION THE whole medical profession the world over is engaged in an earnest search for some remedy which will cure Indigestion, Constipation, and Dyspepsia. Statistics show that nearly half the deaths in civilized countries are caused by diseases of the stomach and kidneys. - Hitherto the remedies prescribe 1 by the medical profession for Indigcstion have been of little value, but the C. A. Vogeler Curative Compound does cure Indigestion, It is the most wonderful medicine in existence, a few doses gives relief—a few bottles cure the most cbronic cases. A trial bottle will convince the sufferer that we make none but true statements. Price VI% and 216, of all Chemists; or sent free by Parcels Post on receipt of 14 or 30 stamps by the Sole Proprietors, The Charles A. Vogeler Co., 45, Farringdon Road, London.

Newton-le-Willows Widnes, Appleton; Fern wort I, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Lima Frodsham, tiel shy, Daresbury . and Mon.-c Grammy hail, / eatley I I eath, Ly nun, and 'Ph- wall Newchurch, Croft, Padgate, t °Loci too Heath, Strei on, 00 I and Wooiston For Town Delivery & Latch:o nt... IManch,eter, 2tlit.elsti,•td, Stock port, Buxton, Yorkshir e. North timberland, Durham, & &Alas Lancashire . . iLondon, Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South Wale and Foreign Liverpool And Leigh.. Manchester, port of North Wales and .reland IPreston, N. Lancashire, N.-West Brighnd, Wigan, Scotland. Liverpool, Prescot, Sollthpori Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. , Helens, Widnes, Newton. am , Runcorn ;Ildatichester, S.-Bast Lancash, South Wales, S.-West ot En land. Yorkshire,. Durham, Nor thumberland, & Town livery London, S.-Bastern, Midland at Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid Cheshire, Central Wales, an Foreign Bolton !Preston, North Lanc.a,hire, WesN Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and, S.-Bastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskir Bath, Bristol, Ilseter, Gloucester Plymouth, and Scotland Wre/ ham, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury .Manch,ster, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield 'Preston Brook, Sutton, Newton-le Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsharn, Frocisham Bridge Helsby, Widnes, Penketti, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmrn, Thelwail, & Heatley IManch4ster & St Helena Orford and Hulme ,d.Averpool and Chester rappenhall ,Preston. N.-Bast Lancashire, Wed, Cumberland, Wigan,Manchest a Peterborough, and Bast, Lincoln shire Town Delivery Prest m. West Cu' berlat,d, Liver- plat. Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man. & Glasgow Night Mail Despech. All Parts... Lon/on. Midlands, 5.-Hastens A, South Counties. & Foreign

Ashton-in-Mialrerfleld,Barleatown, Go!borne, Lowton, vVinwick. All p,aces south of Crewe. Ira'and and all parts West of UhestPr. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Bla..kretrn, Blackpool, 15,)1t0n. Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool. Mem-Mester, Oldliam • tirmskirk. Pre-et, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalynedge, Wigan. Yorkshire, North-West of li land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail ... ..• Birm;ogliam, Chester, Crew London. MacolesOeld. Mid/a,•t and Southern Counties, s 0r..0 Wales, Stafford. Stock port, V! ar- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) end Foreign. Beifast. Birkenhead, Birmingham. Bitrolev, Buxton, Cambridge. Ole 4.er, Devonshire. Liverpool. North Wales.Preston,St.lfeletis. Southport. and South Wales ... Ash.on in-Makerfield,Earl.-stown, tiol borne. Lowton & Winw irk ... Warrington, Manchester. ()Whew, tooltport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts--General Night Mail. ... SU:vDA All Part,. -General NiOlt, ‘lail. _ RECEIVING ROUSE, SUB-OPFICES, AND WALL ARE CLEANED AS FOLLOWS

ESTABLISHED ISA. BIRKBECK BANK. ' Soutianapton Buildings. Ohio:leery Lane. Londec, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CEA T. INIE.REST ',flowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand.. TWO per, CENT. on CURRENT AMOUBTS. on minimum monthly balancee, when not drawn below £10.3. STOCKS. SHARES; and ANNUITIES putt:muted and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum on deposit, and allows Interettmo nthly on each completed BIRKBECR BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. ' HIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBBCK ALMANACK, with full particulars. post Ire FRANCIS RAVIONSCROFT, Manager.

POLISHING—A PLEASURE I WILL NOT 4 FINGER iv fi EMI!' J .. .• • '-, 44 ' .q,*. ;- ~,...- .., • , ~,,, - '''..Y. -:•":: ,:".4% '/' el' 14.-.49kr"ftel. ' ~.--4„-_-*-__ : 7.:::. 'l' •'4- ' -"" V'lleti,,Of ~W . ' .-7',. =""'„, 4tllllloPee,tl,o*4- lakfit4r64o .=, .=', v,.. , ;, ~,-'4I•F;AS-7,7;71,3,2'2"2 Soli by Chemists, Grocers, and Ironmonger*. Sole Proprietors,STßlENSON BROS.. BRADFORD. A PERFECT CURE .-..PPLIALIETKISR For weakeess, loss df t. csh and vit a I power,re, /../ N less sleep, pimples,nervous e-hatistiou,& ailmci ts , arising from early or later-day errors. Address .- Messrs. WILKINSON, Medical Hall, Sheffield. 46 THE CASE, BY POST 4/9 WILL CURE lOU. AGICNTB —llF.ssßs HOSTUNDEN, 61. CITY -ROAD. : who will forward by poet.

SAVE A DOCTOR'S MEE. ADVICE TO LADIES (FRHE)• ALADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years attached to a Female Hospital. is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RES •"L'is in a few trnirs, no matter how long standing the IRREGULARITY may be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 295. STRAND, W.C.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. 9 'FCAt • E ,h, y L'ILII9, /OR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Cfl AS S .(3:E; HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION, W_EAIK_.pTOMPICH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, .

ANNUAL SALE, SIX IVIILLIN 130 X In BoXeS, la. 11 and 2a. 9 c. 'vi h directions. The le. 101. Box c a•ha 56 Pi I PREPARED ONLY DT TUE PROVRII TOR_ THOMAS BEECIIAM, St. ile!ens, Lancasiire BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—VCONTOMICAL-- CLEANSES THE TEETH —PERFUMES THE 11REITH In Collapsible Tubes, of all Drugeistc, or from the Proprietors, for is., post-paid.

'Y

THIS RAZOR is made fromthe best Shef- field STEEL and groand by Sheffield workmen. It is warranted and if not appr,ved when tried will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cntler at Black HA NDLII in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLII in Case 6/6. Pair.! Black handle in a flat Case, if-. Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6. er post free from the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2, 2/-, mai 2{6, P.O. and cheques, SLATER BROS.. Sheffield. •

'WELLS'S GRAVEL PTLLS, A sure euretor Gra7el, Lumbago, Pains in the beak 1 GRAVEL Dropsy, ;Wind and Water Complaints PILT:I GRAVEL DIFIGII.beII of the Kidneys. Bladder, PILLS ORAVSL Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet. Stricture PILLS GRAVEL Sciatica, Rheumatism. Ac. The Effeet PILLS GRAVEL lot One Boa is Marvellous. Prioe I/1i I PILLS GRAVEL land 2/9 pr fox. Agents r-11111 & Cr. I PILLS GRAVEL I Butt ermarke'-st..Fairlaurst & 0 )' Hor.e- PILLS GRAVEL I market-at.. J. R. Young, Sauker-st., 1 PILLS Boots, Bridge-st., Wsrring'orti or free by post from TSB PaOrlitlgrolta, 41. Scotland-mad, Liverpool

AGENTS An easy way of IscnEes- 'NG YOUR INcomu by WANTED starting WATCH, &e., CLUBS for the supply of BENSON'S Watches, Oiocks, Jewellery, and other Good, Sound, and Reliable Articles at Moderate Prices. Terms Liberal. Particulars Post Free. J. W. BENSON, 12 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.O.

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK "EXAMINEU" STEAM PRINTING WORRS 1.1•14-S1Y WAhI!MOTON nNE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contain A sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and external), Price 4. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture, 2s. 9d. Only of .HOPA, Operative Chemist, (late Methuen). 532, Deansgate, Manchester. Advice free.

lavo",-V, •-', ~,;.,,,,,,-•;,.,.;,1e.,,,M.4.k-‘,,,70.: ':4,:,:°,,,,1.'11t `: ' lf,f'„ ' 9' ..;:,,,,,,* V , 5t4140: e t , ' • , , 1 - . . ~ .. e '

It is a THIN PLASTER, and TAKES UP NO ROOM IN THE BOOT. It is espec,i,y useful for Itt,LA,LINU LINLAKOLD lUS JOINTS, which so spoil the symmetry of otherwise. beautiful feet. THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED, some of whom have suffered for FIFTY YEARS, without being able to get relief from any other remedy. ?IN vi IF n ~,,,,i1mi5x1m,..4,,,:,,,*1.,„40,,,0.„, , ~/1.,•,1tw, It acts like magic in A trial ,of a box is earesntly solicited , ~4, relieving all Pain and Throbbing, and soon 'fi le , ,,, -4.e';4'.1Y1• f'" 4 • '' ,' .4, -r •, , cures the most obsti- nate Corns & Bunions. e.,,„74,,. - ,s, , %J-'v Is -Orme 3IES°7O IRM/1117alr 4e- s r exb d.isca•sreeved. Free for 14 stamps from the Bole Proprietors, . 0 , 0 M BEE'llif: & SON Chemists CHELTENHAM. oßro,rah'esintittg. -

niN? Oi ItAL • .... ~,Itrtv y, ii, -; rr: - SOF rilE so, "P_ I\-\. 5- VIA. ..tir r • ..i.,,w ~ 4 '2Z-AArd:,. 9 " ~,,,•7. FOR tigS) _ . i ' , jnr‘ sr 1 qg , 4.,,,P 7' • i k..'‘' ''''q,,/:1":'' , 410T,SE 15135-'' ,:iV,S•i•-ik;?•C rip,. , • ~ r,... • I , COP• • ES. 4 IVATrn °R .Zl4. i''',llt..aL...lo 9 " - .ntt j alto NO For 1.50 Wrappers the splendid Picture, "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will be sent carriage paid. Full particulars on each Wrapper.

PURE IRISH Lrirciti E N nusgligre HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen, Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, iv- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. .

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/1I per dozen ; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittines, 3/9,4/9,5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 316 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 44d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckahack TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS) EV NNG WEAR FORESUIMMER AND. IRISHTWEED, aalnld stryelWa.oopl.leaUsnessuarypagsfendr fLoaraSintsrenngrtGhe,nDtuara:,nailitry, PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

WOODS PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES; With French and Persian 11-,iteails complete. 3o 10.5—F:exch. i .To be seenTcarnrying rrlTrONit o otll ter C Wire Mittetreet to stand this Test II 1 E„t is it ever re. ~,,',?:-! • :'',,i ,i 1 .e.,:). 0,1,0 II quired of a Mattress that it should carrl, .Mffri one ton ? Certai E nly not. Hitherto th. , complaint against the use of y, Wire Mattresses has been that te,i)"" ...;_y•-;it, tA thee stretched after a time. hieh was true. We give this severe test to prove that sirs will not stretch. If they do within 6 years wewill replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co Limited WAR RING lON,

LADIES! DR. MING TON'S NEW AIEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstruction•, no matter how caused cr long standing, no nau eons pits. powders. mixtures or any other useless stomach medicine to take. Failure Impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free ck" charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 46 outhampton Runnings, Holborn. London.

SVILIT GOLD =DAL KNITTER • NI MAIII3OII Wil KNITS Bthcking"ilmam•Pain GLOVE 3 and CLOTHING In WOOL, SILK. or COTTON, INSTRCLI. • TIONi FREE. 1.1 te free rer port. TrITTMI'IIANT AWARD et rAIIIA. The only WIsNRIt in the W01.L., of 7 GOLD MEDALS ...,41rother /1,)011111. 11 A It:: ISON ENITTING MA' HINE Co. Ltd. Work.; 48. Upper Brook Et, Mandl:mats.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is War- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Osaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 45. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World ;or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY & SON London. and all the Wholesale Rouses. -- UADA ME FRAmI Nuc'STußFloA MOUS FEMALE The most powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate oases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price 7s 64 (Strongest us bottle). Pest free td extra. HERBAL INSTITUTE, la, HACKNEY-ROAD, (facing Shoreditch Church), I ONDON, 74. E. Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lOO tor every testimonial that is not genuine, mad they can be seen at any time.

1921221.11°21The5e tiny CAPSULES superior to Balsam of C are opmba, Cubox. or Al 4 N -r A I ,1 4. Injections and pure n .1.0 ni.id 48 hours the same ' c diseases without Moon- ' . ' ' • • ' . :,'' venience. 4/6 of all Cho- '47-1 D'( mists. Or post free. WILCOX at Co., 239, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W 111

DR. MACKAY S MARVELLOUS FSVALIII REVD Dt TOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- JU TIES stands unrivslled„ The most stubborn and hope- less eases yield to this extra rlinary Mediciae in six hours. Immense sale throughout th warld. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post tree, under cover, for se. 6d. DR. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

SUITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps). are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. &Res excess in eating or (kinking. and are the most minable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. NO Blue Pill or Mer curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S.. 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to aloir NEW CATALOGUE.

'FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. FM. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad. is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa tion is supplied on application. RAILINGs FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c. ORNAMENTAL HUGH-CLASS GATES, TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, tialsions, Villas 80. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c' HURDLES NETTING /OM AND TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK, Clo Marra IRT T_T CL) 'ET BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. M. & Co's Solf-Lookirig .1(4e: LONDON OFFICE: 117, VICTORIA St., Westminster.

FATNESS ' • FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINR PILLS are a sale and plesant cure ; sent free from observation on re.eipt of P.O. for„ 26. 6. k A marvellous means of reducing elice*sive fat and improving the complexion."-5. CAMERON, 33. Imperial Mansions, Oxford reet London.

EAT • g ;71.rtufi m rrt csr:, F?Tirlsi 7 it •):1 liSE.A..ftOll hos br0..0.7ht to Oi4litti w7,o:' eest 1•0110.1:.• for NERVOUS OEkLirYthe Y.)0...b. NIa7;hoo1 Lin:armee of ! notch ff'.o et' a Mitlitiree who 6.10,01 A tiurlrr,i;.: iron' fnose enervating rP.F.,Aagos ff fiffs • .CURED TitOUGA!.43S. ovoid qpi.t.eleirew4,7; goomvO rove!ope fo the 6E, Joiois..ttay Vil. Lewe.s, when the vreciorin. Lion will be cent 14(HE OF CHARGE.- Name due Paper.

VIE GREAT REILEDY. L gro el 4 5i1t)4,..1%. gra U I 7.4 FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The Rxcruciatlng Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe, and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at is. lid. and 2s. 91. per box.

'TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for Females, quickly torrect all irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the dstressing symptoms se preys lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sentanywht re on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, It T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottingham „I

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE "94, Commercial Road, Peckham, July 12, 1889. " Dear Sir.—l am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but I should like to thank you. Your lozenges ha' done Wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of" Tracheotomy "(the same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him, thank God lam still alive), performed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could pos- sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so bad at times that It quite exhausted me. The mucus. will. h axe very copious and lard, has been softened and I have been able to get rid of it without difficulty.--I am. sir, yours truly, J. HILL." KEATING'S LOZENGES. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenges is understated. 'the operation was a speeially severe one, and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin. of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lozenges. co successful are they that one affords immediate ben-fit, although from the nature of the case the throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. Hill writes: " I should long since have been dead but for your Lozenges they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." Heading's Lozenges are sold in fins Is. lid. each. The un- rivalled remedy for COUGHS. HOARSENU iii.and THROAT TROUBLES.

HUNDREDS Of DELICATE WOMEN- •TO are lost every year, by takingoills LADIES which purge and injure, but do not do good. If you are suffering send at once P.O. 2/6, for NATURE'S OWN REMEDY. Simple, Harmless, and 'sever fails. Nothing can stand against it. Hundreds of genuine testimonials. Particulars on receipt of staled envelope (under cover). MRS. DAVEN. PORT, 96, Black Bull Road, Folkestone.

The Jahrt Ncolble .im..T., Hal f-G u i nea COSTUMES. NEW REGISTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers in the World, at less than Half Ordinary Prices. These Costumes are made in The John Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, .... Brown, Myrtle, Ruby, Reseda, Tan,oGrey. or Drab; they are supplied complete - for the ridiculous price of 1.006 each, pecked in leather board box, and sent carriage paid for 9d. extra, and in the making of them there are . Over SOO Workers Employed. ..,• ,( • , . The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the - • \., , , world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a - i complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. 7'), -: \ " --s• Each gsrment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into a pointed saddle that / / 1) \ 17. terminates In two points at the frihnt ; full fashionable sleeves, bound ,i'',..:;11/ ,',. i' // l bodice seams, and belt, and the dice can be worn inside or outside the the Y r„,___ 1 \ skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of e skirt, and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row ----- A of line silk cord, the whole thus forming i , I i A LADY'S COMPLETE 1 111 / - , i , , ' ~, . ' s • w .4, t COSTUME FOR uj 't • ~,, 104, 4 SA. , rif , ' The Present Design excels all previous ones in every 40. / N. respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the make and V 1 finish beyond all criticism, thus adding ire a triple degree to the already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An 1/ / enormous success, and are known in every part of. the civilised .' /:, i 1 '• \ ••4 i• 14 odd. leach Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d. extra. The sizes kept in stock will fit any figure up to 38 inches round i 0.,,...4 the bust under arms, but larger or special sizes can be made to order ii' /', I I at a cost of 1/6 extra. LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable . . • ‘;,A ' Wide Shape, are also sußplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, as 4;' follows: Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 5/6; Costume Au A A \li Sk,rts, trimmed broad crossband of black velvet, price on'y 7/6; 'l' // V Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, price only 8/8. Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra. . I Colours as above. KNOCKABOUT FROCKS for Girls j proro-t- -, Are alto supnlied in the John Noble Cheviot I Lengths 21 21 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 ins. 1, . sew, with saddle top, long full sleeves, . belt and pocket, at the following prices:— Price 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 6/- 5/6 each., ach. • Postage ltd. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERCE (RECD.) e. fa is a fabric is inches of great durability and world-wide m It 52 WifiC, -; does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown, Myrtle, 117/11 Reseda, Ruby, Grey, Drab, Tan, or Black Every reader can secure a Full Dress Length of SIX YARDS for 7/6. Sent carriage paid for Bd, extra. li---"r PATTERNS, also IF ustrated 'Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies and Children's wear sent POST FREE to any realer of this paper on application. JOHN NOBLE, LTD The Warehouse, 'MANCHESTER. .1 il, Piccadilly,

.. •,FOR RHEUMATISM. LUMBACO-STIFFNESS.I.. 6 ' 6. • 7 /--' '''. .---:-.'..,. ,i/... ' ' '/ ,',/ ' AN EXCELLENT/ Lumpcs' / _d/....v/ "'to firs If /1' r Nl', ) •' ' 1--..-,/ , -. ~,, ..,' ,•,. _.L, .. .t. --. 1 , . .••••,, ~, •, , , •,- •• 0.-.„„,. r-.)---•-p.-,) -A . il •-0 ) 2, f,! tr .Ai Ar e ~..-,.,2 , F,,eir,,,..,,,,,,,,, (~.‘, ~.yi, , ,:.„.., :0,,,_/../....11::,:,' ',- ~,,,;'.,:* v0.'..(1yi,., --4-..-A ~ 4„, 01/ - - _-_-_- - --7'--7-7° ...Ss,' ~1 ' "1- i'- . ' ~-: • .t! ' '74r-F-7--------:-------:------4:"' [ .1 it , A 2.: : . %-__,C--":-: . • ,;'''''-k ' 7 .c4,,,_4,1_ .12,- -- -- . - -_s. ''.;,-*.::-=--:t'—;.4, —.* : • ' ' ,-___--- ---_.---- .41 -_- .(1. Mb --e „ • */ m„ ('--..- ‘4 y .1:"----- - C-r.... .. I- • 745,21: ~i 1 .c'.„ P , ~4114.4; C.: .. - 1,;"' ( • _ e -:-- 6:66aGIL: - :'. --- ENGLAND . ' ' -0 ...e- . - -_,.._ ("ELLIN/lAN,S UNIVERSAL . . 4.• EMBROCATION I

• OUUTRPORT. PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TERMS MODERATE Hutt-JEST REFERENCES* MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNH, TRAINED NURB34S. KNYPERSLEY HOUSE, PARK-ROAD.

THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS. DR. PYNAR'S AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS. ARE MARVELLOU4 AND RELIABLE. If you ire troubled with Indigestion. Wind. or Sick- ness. DON' I' TAKE N RDICINE. TRY PYNAR'S PINE PLAPTER, the mos: Wonderful Cure for Back Ache, Side inhe, Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatic.; mill it, the very worst Aches or Pains. I'HEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. At Orat ful, Comforting. Stimulating, AND LAACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. SUFFERERS FROM AiTHMA SHOULD TRY THRSH WONDERFUL PLASTERS. DON'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it, sent Post Free for nd. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—dr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32. Victoria Road. BARLBSTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Young. Mamie. ST. HBLHNS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Bond. NORTHWICH—Mr. C. M. Blades. Chemist.

HALF YEARLY SALE. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL Beg to announce their HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE FOR MONDAY NEXT THE 7ig INSTANT, AND FOLLOWING DAYS, WHEN THE WHOLE OF THE SURPLUS SEASON STOCK WILL E OFFERED AT VERY LARGE REDUCTIONS. DETAILED CATALOGUES SENT ON REQUEST. The Goods Comprise SILKS, DRESS MATERIALS, LACES, HOUSEHOLD LINENS, AND DRAPERY. MILLINERY, MANTLES AND COiTIIIIES, HOMY, GLOVES, RIBBONS. FANCY GOODS, FURNISHING, CARPETS, Ac. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. BASNETT•STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SPECIALLY RECOMMEN,ii D TO DYSPEPTICS, and a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRING TON.
