===== 0002601_18950216_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
. glatriln011)). 11 who WIB}II,44II:NOXY.--Introductionsarrange9r a six 1 Ifftamps to MADAM ..41 41tNI:AZECal'°218aretiValallre8hseeSt. otki3l4TepwlioeNivyitzpotrreet PHOTOes of your future Husband ct Is State Sex and_un_ date 1437.44' l'Ull delen7aitiroeul'ef future 2s. 6d. PARKER, ki

300ttig. WILb'S TEMLOPNEDORNANCE HOTEL. Eto iii 34 .ro 40, LUDGATE HILL. 4 tIcIMPORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central tor business or pleasure. t.tkatlßllllrtl7°• WASHINGTON HOTEL.. Writt-i bziodera,4 berthiest part, olelitrel/li:3a3'.. HomeEcoArnST. ky. Welsh files. et week end, tetr e i Ti5e..5117„ BAKER, Proprietor. B°br :. il Re" T•-- SUNNYSIDE 't tbe b—A• NA H DO. Sunaner and Winter Residence, one rePlete Lildsoutt,st buildings in Southport, centrally .situated. 4atos ' th .I,ery eon.fort fine Sea View ;near Panics. Pier% )4Deaoesoage' el::: '' QQanilvFain'iliglaik s.::. Tu' rkish, Vapour, and other Batns Terms moderate.—Proprietor. J.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
WILLIAM 011 A Vrirt &NM, " EXAMINER OFFICE." WATERLOO BUILDINGS, TOP LOCKS. RUNCORN. MUSICAL INSTRUMENT DEALER, STATIONER AND TOBACCONIST. AGENT FOR RUSH WORTH'S LIVERPOOL, AND CAMPBELL'S, GLASGOW. SPECIAL ACCORDBONS, ORGANETTES, MOUTH ORGANS, Exc. All the Best Quality Instruments at Lowest Prices. Repairs M.Every Description. Pianos on the Easy Payment System.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
.

MARROWFAT PEAS.

RICE MEAL AND

INDIAN MEAL.

OAT HIT RS. OATMEAL SEEDS. AMERICAN LNDSEED AND DECORTICATED COTTON CAKES.

EGYPTIAN TIN DECORTICATED Co'. P. )N CAKE.

SAMPLES AND PRIOR-, FROM ItICKARD ATKIASON A CO.. 11, DRURY-LANE, LivEßrooL,

A or, PN ENGLISHMAN'S HOUSE IS HIS CASTLE roperly speaking, aught to be. This eau never be the case, if unfortunately a would-be householder has to resort to the Easy Payment System, a new name for the ini- quitous Hire System. To furnish a house on the Hire System. alias the Easy Payment System, is to establish and support what is the most cruel, arbitrary extortion ever invented. The prices charged for the goods are enormous, without any regard for quality, the agreements are one-sided, being drawn with a cuteness which would do credit to a money lender, full of despotic and arbitrary restrictions, suchas not to remove the mark on the furniture, not to remove the furniture, not to wear the furniture. At all times to allow Use mercenaries to inspect the furniture. To pay the instal- ments regularly, and if oneis missed to forfeit the furniture and all the moneys you may have paid, that is to say, although you might have paid £l9 on £23 worth of furniture. but missed the last payment by a single day, the vultures Could empty your house and stick to the £l9 paid, as well as the furniture. Other conditions such as permission to break open forcibly night or day, the outer and inner doors of your house, in order to take away the goods, and above all, that no matter how badly and wickedly they nifty treat you that you undertake not to resort to legal proceedings. Be warned Its titre, have nothing to do with easypaymentor hire system. If you require assistame go to Mr. W. H. Woraley, "The Pantheon, claythorne, Manchester, the largest House Fur- nisher in the North, who will treat you with consideration, sell you goods at the lowest cash price, and, if required, allow you time to pay for them, charging you 10 per cent over invoice price for the convenience. For instance Mr. Worsley has several HOUSES OF FUR- NITURE on view at £l5 155., £2O, £25, £3O, £5O, £lOO, all at the lowest cash price, and not a penny less. Any of the above supplied suloject to credit, upon 10 per cent being added to the amount. Particulars post free. GREAT BARGAINS AT WORSLEY'S.—DRAWING- ROOM SUITE complete, solid walnut, coat 440, price for quick sale £9 cash, tra 18s, credit. with Cabinet, 2 Tables, Oyermantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses. &e. • 'Leavy Dlning-roomfulte, complete, in Mahogany, uplaol- atoll i in Ottoman Cloth, cost £4O new, the whole lot for EU 104 ',with Side Board, Dining Table, Overtnantle, and Coal Vase to match; also a Persian Carpet and Hearthrug.

Magnificent Bedroom Suite Large size Wardrobe, plate- glass, Centre door, wings for hanging, Dressing Table. Wash- stand. Three chairs and Rail, polished satinwood, ten guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bedstead, Curtains, Mat- tress, Sm., all to match. ren per cent added for credit. Note the fallowing bargain o--,Complete House of Furniture mainly sec dad-hand, for £2O cash; £22 If IT deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room suite In leather, couch, two easy chairs sad tour single ch,irs. dining table. mahogany sideboard. Persian eirpet and hearthrug. brass fender, bi ws fire apolianees, cornice and curtains, and pictures. The kiichen has a substantial dresser, chairs, arm chair, rooting chair, table fender and fireirons, hearthrug, oilcloth, &c. The bedroom is furnished with bedroom suite, chairs sad rail, chamber service, brass mot uted bedstead, patent wire spring mattress, Shetland wool overlay, ..bolster and two pillows, carpet, and fender. The stairs and the landing are fitt. d with carpets, brass rods, tsc. The hall or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, brass clip, three mats and a , cocoa mat. The above forms the most compact, convenient ' lot ever offered. Other lota. £25, £3O, £35, £4O, and £5O, eq,:ally cheap; particulars sent on application. Every article guaranteed for five years, exchanged if not approved.

WORSLE rs ~ THE PANTHEON. " HAI THORN,

MANCHESTER. • Hours of business 9 a.m. to 7 p.m

'

DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS,

INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE

CHEST A.ND 1.6111 i. These Invaluable Wafers. being prepared front Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR. F 0 x

- - - COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared, only by GEORGE BADE, 72. GOBWELL-ROAD, LONDON. And sold everywbere in Tins la 1 each. Post free from the Proprietor on receipt of Stamp* or Pastel Order.

PieesAilly,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
35trptIt0, ta3sotnettez, earriageO,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM THE TOP TO THE

LIVERPOOL.

BOTTOM OF BOLD-STREET,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
118, BIZIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.:

GREY HAIRS ARE HONOURABLE: TAILS OF PURE HAIR, IN. &I. HAIR COMBINGS 1. p• r os. I IMMOVABLE 1. frets( MADE UP, I 2s. I SCALPETTES, f 21s; SHALES BROWN, 3, LRECE-STREET, (top of Bold-street), LIVERPOOL,

R. ISHERWOOD, HOUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 57, TANNERS'-ii, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Re4t3 and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and tiate Glass Insurance Co.s. owest Current Rates. Prompt and Lioeral Se Gements.

;LAMP & SON, R. (2

MANITFACTM? CJIS OF

TRAVELLING /LQUISITES.

GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF ROLD-ALL From 9s. 6. 391 AND 411 DALE STREET, STREET, AND 121 LORD 8, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

H OOPING COLIGIt The eelebra fed effectutze HOOPING COUGH cwre -T 0 °PING COUGH medicine.

HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists prise 48. per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCHITIS sale Agents : W. EDWANDS AND ,ON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, London. CROUP

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

A BOON TO LADIES.

COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY.

Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a mernb r of the nocal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge full PARTICULARS of a REMILDr, whi h during an eat 'llsiVfi practice, both at horn al id In the Colonies be has never known to fai in the most OBSTINATE CA',RS of B -TI UCTIOS and IRREGULARiTIRS. Send adaressed envelope for full particulars, and wage no more time and money on useless Pills and so ealled Remedies, eLc . whic4, in the majority cv cases, are noth ng t•ut PUR- GATIVES, and cause SICKNESS, PROSI RA I lON, and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed: D. COLLINS,

Gothic House. 9. Erskine Street. Liverpool

TIM WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENHHYN SLATE MEN 'HA.NTS. COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER, STONE MERCHANTS, ACiENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACRBRS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKERSHAvi' COLLIERIES. , HEAD OFFICE : Arpley Sration, Warrington. COAL SIDINGS A ...,L,‘ TE WHARVES : Arpley Arp ey, Bank Quay Telephone No. 19, 1, .Ma son street, ltunoom.“.l.dt.yinar.stun, 1. Aldresa, Arpley, Warriu :

T. CLARKE EXAMINER OFFICE, 33, MA nliifT-STHEET, SIM KSTOWN. MORAL STATIONE NEWSAGENT, PRINTING and BOOKBINDING Done to erder. NEWSPAPER: and PERIODICALS Delivered Order. A good assortmen, of New and Second-hand Books always in Stock.

T !TOMAS FRAIN, DEBT DOLLED: OR and GENERAL COMMISSION

laßiC 39, GLADSTONH SThICET, WARRINOTOr . DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. Special Arrangements, .Lc. for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on apple,tion.. AGENT for the Imperiat Lire ,t clt, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insursnee Co.

ANNERS' LANE COAL W H ARY WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED, INCH HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAUER, ALFRED PERRIS All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Ism? kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House, Orders promptly ..ttended to. Telephone No. 98. N.B.—Ordc-rs received also at 195., San kev-st.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
GEDDES'S DANDELIoN c uJiEg

The best and cheapest ever offered to the rt.bilc. Bold by isll Grocers and Druggists, in Caniem M., 104., and Is. dd each

wholesale by IriEbbEY4 Sox. Warriugton.

LAiW UUUT AND lIIIKUMATIC PILLS

BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. For RHEUMATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. GOUT, LUMBAGO, and BUMS GOUT PILLS. SCIATICA. The acute pain quickly relieved. BLAIR'S GOUT PI LLS. by these Pills. Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS, Effectual. Price is. lid. aud Es. Sd. Per Box T -

HE POOR MAN'S FRIEND.

DISEASES. THis INVALUABLE OINTMENT (as originally pre- SKIN DISEASES. pared by G. L. ROBKRTS, M •11) is an unfailing rerne.iy for wounds SKIN DISEASES. Levi/as ,slicsucrrnititilonni SceodrbEleice, &a. sKIN DISEASES.

SKIN DISEASES. DR. ROBERTS' ALTERATIVE PILLS, SKIN DISEASES. For the BLOOD and SKIN. are very effectual in the cure of that form of skin disease whicit SKIN DISEASES. shows itself In painful cracks , the skin and scaly diseases SKIN DISEASES. Sold at ls 10,23.9 d., by the Pre- priet.ore Brid port and by Oherniete

BRAND'S BEEF BoUILLO24. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING

BEVERAGB.

Made by the Simple Audition of Belling Water.

At a Cast wltaln the roach of all.

11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST.. MAYFAIIt.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
H'

HBNSHAW.

KIRKLAND BROS. BAKERS TO THE QUEEN,

HAVE REMOVED

===== 0002601_18950216_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

FAME is surely a bubble; for plenty of "soap* will make it. "Ws are discovered 1" 'exclaimed the hairpin. "Impossible," insisted the collar•stutL THE man who has a tendency to make an ass of him elf never lacks for skill and materiaL DIDN'T LIKE ONIONS.—" There is one ,great objection to onions. They are wholesome. Do you consi ter that an objection?" "Certainly. People who are foul of them don't the half so soon as you'd like them to." A GENTLE HlNT.—Tramp: "I'd like to borry a medical alnianack, mum." Housekeeper "What for?" Tramp: "1 wants ter see wot th' doctors recommend for an empty feelin' in th' stummick."

- _ BICYCLE BARGAINS. —Wheelman : "Have you , any bicycle hargains ?" Dealer : "Indeed, we have. Why, sir, we have some machines that we are selling at. not more than twice what they cost to manufacture I"

"WHAT do yon think of this portrait of me, my dear," asked Witherup. "It is very smiling and pleasant,' said Mrs. Witherup. Then she added, wistfully,". "I. wish you'd look like it once in a

while, jOhr GESTLEMAN (to Pedlar) : "Call these safety matches? Why, they won't light at all!" Pedlar: "Well, viot Could er 'aye saler ?" MRS. FANGLE: "Have you secured a lodger for your set ond floor yet, Mr. Goslin ? " Goslin (horrified): "I haven't been looking for a lodger, madam." Mrs. Frangle: "Why, I'M certain my husband, told me you had rooms to let in your

upper story." TEACHER : "What is discretion ? " Bad Boy: " Gittin over th' fence first when ye call 'anther

feller names." A NATURAL QUESTTON.-" What kind of a dog is that, papa?" It.lied Willy, as he ol)6erved the big animal chasing his own taiL "That is a watch- dog 1 think," said the knowledgeable parent. "Is he winding himself up so's he'll go?" asked Willy. NATURALLY. —Nurse : "Sure, ma'am, the twins have been making a fuss all day, ma'am." Mrs. Olive Branch: " What about ? ' Nurse: "It's because they can't have a birthday apiece, like the Smith childrtn next door. They think they have been cheated." THERE is no success so sweet .as the success achieved by acting against the advice of our friends.

As A MORAL AGENT.—BeIIe: "I'm so glad Jack has got a bicycle; it has helped his disposi- tion wonderfully. Nan : "His disposition? Why, how could it?' Belle: "Oh, when he gets up to give baby a drink and steps on a tack he is so glad that it is in his foot instead of his pneu- matic tyre that he doesn't swear at all." THE VISITOR: " How's this! Twelve shillings and sixpence a day! Stopped here a year ago and paid only half that much." The Proprietor: "Just so. Then it was the 'McGinnis Tavern.' Now it's the Hotel McGinnis.'" "SMALLEY is an absent-minded fellow," said Smirke. "When he was engaged to Miss S. he asked her to go to the opera with him one night, and bought only one seat. He explained it to her by saying he was so used to occupying a single chair with her that he didn't think." AN advertising chandler at Ltverpoo modestly says that, "without intending any disparagement to the sun, I may confidently assert that my octagonal spermaceti are the best lights ever in- vented." NOT so BAD.—Critical Husband: "This beef isn't lit to eat." Wife: "Well, I told the butcher that if it wasn't good I would send yon round to his shop to give him a thrashing; and I hope you'll take someone with you, for he looked pretty fierce, and I didn't like the way he handled his big knife." Husband: " Humph I Oh, well, I've seen worse meat than this.'' AN INTERESTING ALLUSION.—New Cashier (at a dancing party given by his principal): "It was always the dream of my ambition to become an African traveller." Fair Partner (daughter of the host): "Indeed? Our previous cashiers always made off to America." TREE INDEPENDENCE.—Young Lady: "I am tired of living on my relatives and want to be independent." Employment Agent: "I might get you a place in a shop." "That won't do. I should be under someone's orders continually. I want to be independent of everything and every- body." "An., I see. I'll get you a place as a cook." SHE KNEW PAPA.—Effie: "Do you think my papa will go to heaven, Miss Hart!" Sunday School Teacher: "Oh, yes, indeed, Effie." Ellis: "Well, if he dOPsn t have his own way there, he won t stay long." Nov ORTnittiox.—Dottie : "Mamma, I guess my dolly's mamma must have been a very impious lady." Manama : Why so, Dot?" Dottie: " Why, she'a made her so her knees won't bend. I have to put her on her stummick to say her prayers." DANoxaoira.—Mv. Quigger (who lives in the igtbur,s) : "The woman who has moved in next door is going to open a boarding-house.' Quigger : "Then 11l have to get that fence repaired. We muslin t have our hens a raying into her backyard." A GREAT SHOCE.—Caller : "Is Professor Miss seen, the weather prophet, at home?" Servant ; " Yes ; but he t an% see any one. He is suffering from shock." Caller: " My, my! Have some of his predictions come true ? ' Miss Vottes : "Miss Crummer has a terrible cold." Mr. Gilleland "How did he contract it ?" Miss Vokes : "By wearing a fur-lined jacket." Mr. Gilleland : " imp ssible I" Miss Yokes : "Not at all. She had to wear it open, so that people could see the lining.' RELENTLESS TIME. —He started in alarm. "No," she repeated, "you do not know what my past life has been." His fingers pressed convul- sively into his palms. "Surely," he cried, "iii has. not been more than thirty-five years." The ocean moaned as it has for ages, and that was all. A USErIII. ACCOMPLISHMENT.—SinaII Boy: "A man at the circus waited a tight-rope 'way up in the air just as it lie was on a pavement. Wish I could do that." Mother: " Horrors I Why ? " Sinai' Boy: "It would come so handy when my kite catches on a telegraph wire." FORCE Or HABIL—Poor Mr. Jarley is very abseil -minded. Too first day he spent in the Mountains he got up at seven o'clock, dressed hastily, bolted his breakfast, and started on the run for the railway station. • Ho had run a mile before he ralized that he was off on his vacation, and that there was no train to catch. Nov NECaSSAßlLY.—daughty Lady (who has just purchase'l a stamp): " Must I put it on myself?" Post-offize Clerk (very politely): "Not necessarily, madam ! it will probably accomplish its purpose if you put it on the letter. UNFOLDING THE MYSTERIES. —Hudson: "At the next meeting of the lodge you will be let into another important secret of the order." Judson: " Yea? '' Hudson : " Yes • they will explain how they get you home • n Tuesday night. LIVING On To HIS LIGHT.—" That new hand I hired this morning," said Farmer Haycroft, "ploughed one furrow across the field and then went awl laid i'own, and he hasn't moved since." " What was the nes‘ter with him? "He said he belieyed in according to Scripter, and that when a man hue put lila hand to the plough he never ort to tarn back." JOHNNY : "Pa, what's the difference between cannibals and other folks?" Pa: "Cannibals, my son' eat their enemies ; other people generally go no further than to live on their friends and re- latives." AT THE PHOTOGRAPHER'S. —" One more question, sir, bet,, you iss,p ! " " Well, madatn?" "Is it possible to distingui.h real stones trom false ones on the phot..?" DANnEue or Tharzt..—Two young fellows once entered a Western train and took seats. They were unaccusterned to railway travel, and were Constantly On ti. iI, for man's ac ident. Every few minutes they would raise the window and look out. Presently, as the train came round a curve, one of them saw a fence, which he seemed to sup- pose ...rossed the track. Jerking his head in, he said, in a frightened tone, loud enough to be heard by every one in the car: " Hold on tight, Bill; she's going to jainp a fence !,,Fl

CARTER'S LITTLE ) • Q PILLS. BcaU 4 IFUL TEETH fur na wh,, rue doily on the tooth brusn I 40./ orop4 04 _

SOZODOPT, the pleas:la-Ls dentifrice in the world

, Bile, Sa,ll7,cv slit tti4 pe ..npt ty : awq Ouzo alo 411 .1 eared. Cbalggss t‘• 144,

Cloaases the weth-and spaces between thrill as nothing else w,ii. S4,nnd and pe,trly whit° to-th, r.•si lips, and fragt cLut breAult Ask for SOZODONP.

LIVLR . -•;-'1'or Brasil ,t1o5: ak. " - ' lei Mg . aLO.III hie& . .::4' --ITTLK Ai 1 l''qft ' El' v, • ;. ve•e-1 .-, , •-• - - • t,..-.1,1e. Care I ur?, 1 I,ive;.. '

===== 0002601_18950216_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL" CHAT.

Sir Robert Rawlinson has never forgotten that in early life he was a stonemason. On one occasion„ while passing through Chorley with a friend, he pointed to a step and said. "That step is well-set. don't you think e " Row should I know ?" re- torted his companion—a well-knownlawyer, by the way. "I do," was Sir Robert's rejoinder, "because I set it myself."

Ibsen must be a very singular person, and cidedly superstitious. lie confesses that he could not get inspiration during his writing if there was not a tray befcire him which contained a little bear in wood, a little black devil holding a wax candle, and several little rabbits and cats made of copper. "This may appear to you to be ridiculous,' said Ibsen," but so it is. As to the use I make ol them, that is my secret, and I shall not divulge it to you or anyone else."

The Russian Empress is making remarkable pro- gress in Russian. flowerer, not being a very. good French linguist, the Empress speaks G.,rman and English with her consort's entourage. !LT Majesty is passionately fond.of MUM, and practices on the piano several hours a day. Stie is now in search of a young lady of the Russian aristocracy as a musical companion, and there are of course, scores of appli- cants for this enviable position.

Probably nobody in the world worships Mr Gladstone more than Mr. George Armitstead, with whom he so often travels abroad. " Cieorge" is an extremely wealthy man and a Russian merchant at Dundee, which city he represented for many years in Parliament He is never so happy as wnen en- tertaining his hero and saving him all the tremble incidental to a tour abroad. Mr. Armitstead's house in Cleveland-square is usually Mr. Herbert Glad- stone's London home.

Mr. Lloyd George, M.P., is a young man of a little over thirty, and from an elocutionist's point, of view one of the finest speakers in the House of Commons. He is not very tall, and looks a great deal younger than he really is, and wnen he speaks, not one of his ideas is ever lost or weakened for want of words. His fiery Celtic eloquence and perfect delivery are, it is said,to a great extent duo to the fact that he studied under the great Wel,ll preachers. Ile is passionately fond of music and singing.

Albert Grimaldi, Prince of Monaco, has broken faith with several of the foreign Courts of Europe by having received many hundreds of thousands of pounds as his share of the profits at the Monte Carlo tables. The Prince, after his marriage to the enormously wealthy daughter of the New Orleans and Parisian banker, Heine, had given a promise not TO derive any further revenue from the gambl- ing-tables. He gave it to be understood that he was bound by contract made by his father to cen- tinue to accord shelter to the cenipany for a certain number of years, but that he would neither renew , the lease nor participate in the profits of the tables. It wagon this belief that Que-n Victoria consented to accord sovereign honours to himself and to his present wife on the occasion of their visit to Eng- land. He has not even ancient lineage to recom- mend him, his grandmother, Marie Louise Gilbert, being the daughter of a pork butcher, while his grandfather, before being called to succeed his distant cousin on the throne ot Monaco as Florestan the First, was a fourth-rate actor at the Ambigu Theatre at Paris.

A recent visitor to Cap Martin describes Mr. Gladstone as being in excellent health and high spirits. The operation for cataract ha 8 proved quite successful. Except when he reads or writes, and sometimes then, be is freed from the obligation ot using spectacles. He is able. when he thinks it necessary, to conduct his correspondence with his own hand.

By way, perhapa, of compensating for a night whose dulness was forseen, the proceedings within the House of Commons commenced on Tuesday with one of those bits of picturekque pageantry which occasionally light up its sombre walls, and give a dash of borrowed brilliancy to its everyday gloom. The Corporation of Dublin having adopted a petition praying for an amnesty to the political prisoners, the Lord Mayor was hidden to .brave the. p,rils of the stormy seas in order to exercise the privilegeotpresenting the document in person At' the bar of the House. Accordingly this alter- noon the Lord Mayor, supported by sundry ' aldermen and officials arrayed in gorgeous robes, demanded admission, and, by command of the Speaker, was bidden to enter " My Lord Mayor of Dublin." The Speaker thereupon demanded in his most awe-inspiring tones," What have you there ?" Standing at the bar, flanked by his companionsoind jealously 'guarded .by the Sergeant-at-Arms with the mace on his shoulder, the Lord Mayor made a clear bremt of his dire secret. He recited the terms of the petition with oratorical fervour. The docu- ment was handed in, the Speaker gravely inclined his head, and the Municipality of Dublin, having thuS impressively delivered its message, bowed it- sell out.

There is a great concern among the Radicals be- low the gangway in regard to the tone of the replies made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the subject of the payment of members at Tuesday's sitting. A meeting of the Radical Committee was held, after questions to consider the matter, Mr. Storey being in the chair. A resolution was carried expressing deep regret that the Govertiment had not seen their way to redeem the pledges given last session. It has been forwarded to Sir William Har- court,and the subject will probably be raised in the House at an early opportunity. I have some reason to think, however, that the replica of the Chancellor of the Exchequer have been misinterpreted, and that the Government are not so doubtful as to the possibility of dealing with this question as appears to be supposed.

I hear very gloomy reports as to the position in which the Act of last year is likely to leave the railway rates question. The Act is obscurely drawn: and, in spite of constant warnings, many traders have clearly failed to grasp the essential point that unless all complaints and claims for repayment of other charges were actually in the bands of the Board of Trade before the 25th instant the railway companies will have in any CasB abso- lutely secured the whole of the increases In their charges levied or claimed by them since 1892. It is not too much to say that a more danger.vus and ineffective Act has rarely been passed in connection with trading interests. The mere fact that each individual rate has to be separately complained of anti decided by the Railway Commissioners, proves how hopeless the case of the trades will be unless they act, wiih promptitude and en it scale they have not dreamed of before now. The railway companies are delighted with the situation. They are confident that in a vast proportion of cases they will in the next few months have made good for ever the advances of 5 per cent on the 1892 rates, which it has been their aim from the first to secure as a set-af for the alleged lonsee they sus- tained from the new classification of merchandise under the Act of 1888.

The career of Dr. Joseph Parry has been a very varied one. Burn of poor parents at Mart hyr Tydvil, with a heritage of labour, but a talent for music, he bad, at the tender age of ten years. to work at the puddling furnaces. In 1854, when thirteen years of age, he went to America, from which his family soon returned to their native land. It was then, ap- parently, that young Parry begau to get Kane systematic musical instruction. and in 1862 he won prizes at the Llandudno Eisteddfod. After winning bronze and silver medahs, he was appointed Proles- :or of Music at the University College,Aberystwith. in 1871, taking his degree of Mus. Bac. at Cam- bridge, soon after. In 1878 he obtained his dcctorate.

Mr. Broadhurst on Wednesday afternoon intro- duced into the House of Commons 3 bill whose ohj.-ct is to abolish the tied-house system. It ;quire n that the license-holder shall t;.:,a bona-fide yearly tenant, the real resideLt occupier ot the house, and it makes void any covenant or agree- ment on the part of a license-holder to purchase any goods tor sale on the premises from any stated person, firm, or company. There is a clause which exempts hotels having no public bars, and wher the sale of intoxicating liquor in of secondary consideration.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
j\iOXON's NURSERY BO ON (Unequalled for DESTROYING Nil S, and PARASITES in the HUMAN HAIR.) OF OBRA:1181S and the PROYitlktOlt, J. L. lel X 0 N,

252, PARK-ROAD, LITERI'OOL. and la. per bnx. Foot Free 7i and 18. '4StL&I.SU A5A.6.1.4.41,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY FEBRUARY 16. 1895.

LADIES' LETTER.

My DZAREST NELLIZ,

It seems rather early as yet to talk of spring, but you will do well to prepare for it. As soon as 'the days begin to get a little brighter, we shall want something light-looking in the way of an outdoor wrap. Far this purpose, I think there is nothing nicer than a velvet cape. The velvet should be of a bright colour, trimmed with fur. There are few materials better than velvet for wearing when one wants to be warmly clad, and, at the same time, to have a really bright, smart-looking garment. The cloak which I have described could be lined with a quilted silk, or might have a thicknets of demob between it and the liming, so as to make it warm enough to keep out the keen, penetrating winds of early spring. Another cape which I like very much, and which has a certain amount of addi- tional warmth, is made with a sleeveless bodice underneath, and the cape just opening in the front to show the fur edging of the under todice. One of the most fashionable bats is the Louis XVI., a broad-brimmed model with drooping sides, turned up Eat at the back with a large bow holding a plume of upright ostrich feathers. But I must warn you that it is a little difficult to wear. It can be of felt or velvet, the edge 'trimmed with a bias band of ,s%tin or jet passementerie. This bat is only fib for dressy wear, being a little too flighty for Morning walks, when the pliant felt hat, with bow, and wing at the side, and crushed-in crown, or the felt sailor hat trimmed with a taffetas drapery, is more suitable and becoming. Nothing can be prettier, though, than a hat known as the Maurice hat, which is made in fancy pink straw. The brim is out away at the back, and replaced by a cluster of roses shaded from pink to crimson. There is an under brim of pleated black lace, and a shaded pink glace silk bow in front on the crown. The ornaments are In jet.

There are some delightful opera wraps to be seen jest now. A very handsome one is composed of pink cloth with olive green velvet and fi x fur for trim. ming. The pelisse should be lined throughout with earcenet, and is slightly shaped at the underarm learn. It is gathered to a square yoke hack and front, the join ooncealed with the fur trimmings. It fastens invisibly with hooks In the centre of front. The neck is finished with a high•shaped collar of velvet, trimmed with fur. The plain sleeve foundation is Need from wrist to elbow with the cloth, to the edge of this the full sleeve is gathered, and again into the armhole, with an epaulette of the cloth lined with • arcenet and edged with fur. A velvet gauntlet cuff edged with the same gives a smart finish to the wrist. Another, of very much the am° design, can be used as an evening and travelling cloak combined. This useful mantle can be made in soveral colours, lined throughout with silk, and interlined for extra warmth.

Another fashi.)nable gown (a tea-gown) is of mauve gaufred hemmed at the edge with a band of Florentine lace. The front is without breast-seams, so that it falls straight, covered from the neck to below the waist with a point or bertha of lace, which Is joined by the lace epaulets on the bust beneath two large bows. This would be an exquisite style for Liberty's pale coloured velveteens. I quite forgot to tell you of a really charming little cape I saw the day helots yesterday. It was composed of coloured silk velvet, trimmed with Russian lace (or black jet, to taste), with rolled oollas of ortroohan or fur.

Pretty clovers for bor.km of all kinds can be made' from coarse white or 6.ru linen, the title of the: volume for which the case is intended haing out-1 lined with gold thread, and the whole of the back- ground darned—not too finely—with yellow flax, the letters alone bling untoneh%i; or the inscrip- tion can be worked solid with flax or silk, and th 3 ground dotted all o or with little round gilt spangles sewn don fiat at rather oleos intervals, the edges of the cover being finished off with couple of rows of narrow gold braid. Yours lovingly, JaNras

A . \ ' 'A --.."-- #1 (1 • ---.-, • ,------ "_ ....,C.,:,_..- g ~.... ~ 0.- - , c'S, ;......? , • .f,---.-_--_,F-T-:,-* 1 .ate •". `,114.9'17 ... --\'‘.._s"----- . /)

ph msA ati ///1 T / / / I I/ ~ii , f ; ...".i ~i 7 1 A 4 e, i; .-, f,/

, Pr t •1 , ..• ~. • ... . ••••••:;.4. 1 . 7"—,0, /Ilk? trig i 4 ..y, 4 4. 4:hp e If. . iiltliir( ; rte '?„,44a,7-V, ..1-iie7i.', '"'sr.":j. c,,' •A- f .lii iff:.,:13,1:i.j•,44::, z;;;...1:/, ,4, , 111 1 „ 6 1.1" t.'.. ;;:4,..4 -0 ,;.` .. ti: ei. 7,-, t;1'-‘r ;1-, v. &-,•,,..:‘,. /44 . s•l' s,e;e ;:.4*-'; V6:' . ‘, 11. $. • ,55,,,,.,,,,,_. • t. •,41,,;%. `,....4,?.. "`'.s-sisv—v4s,•'',7.7.t., .. . , , , 1 I 1 / / , ,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
OTTETS UNLABELLED

STRONG FEMALE PILLS. quickly and Certainly remove all obstructions arising from any cause wbatever. Invaluable for married women. Post free, under cover for 14, and 33 stamp*, from TH03115 OTTEY, Ohsreiat.ltTON-ON-TRENT plonoia mention thienape MUCK IfilMEl/ THAN taint', A.2iD 1f1121)111tUYAr

There is one very good explanation of the fact th tt great cities almost invariably grow towards the west. As regards Europe, the prevailing winds are from the west and south-west, fini that these portions of the towns are brighter, cleaner, and healthier than the eastern. Cockroaches are never wittingly slain by Chinamen. They consider them sacred insects, and think it por- tends ill luck to step on them. As they never make any effort to exterminate them, the Chinese quarters are usually overrun with these pests. One of the cleverest inventions ever passed by the American patent office is the machine for sticking Common pins in the papers in which they are sold. The contrivance brings up the pins in rows, draws the paper in position, crimps it in two lines, then at a single push passes the pins through the paper and sets them in position. • Miss Ada Heather-Bigg was one of the pioneers of the Children's "Happy Evening " movement, says the "Spinning Wheel, arid perhaps no lady living has done more to brighten the lives of the little ones in the Board Schools of the great city. The Children's Happy Even- ing Association was formed at the suggestion of Miss Heather-Bieg in 1890. It works in conjunction with the School Board, various Board Schools being thrown open as playrooms. once a fortnight. Various amuse- ments go on in the different class rooms. In the "quiet" room, the children play quiet games, such as draughts, dominoes, card games, drawing, painting, Sec. In another room, fairy tales, perhaps, are being told, while

the larger rooms are given up to more noisy games. Sometimes magic la ntern entertainmentsa.re given. The Happy Evenings movement is a colossal success, and all praise is due to thoie who conceived and have so success- fully carried out the nrok‘et:

Home Hints.

Cabbage water should be thrown out immediately it is done with. Pieces of paper moistened with paraffin or turpentine, laid amongs•:, woollen garments or furs, prevents the in-roads of moths. _ .

Powdered bath-brick applied on a cloth will remove the burnt milk from enamelled saucepans and pie- dishes. _ . .

Flour, soap, and candles should be pure based in large quantities, as they improve with keeping. Candles that have'become discoloured may be re stored by rubbing with a flannel cloth slightly dipped in spirits of wine.

When boiling a pudding in a cloth, always place a small plate or saucer in the pan to prevent burning. A little paraffin mixed with blacking gives a good polish to boots withffittle trouble. A taLlsspoonfut of turpentine added to the water in which linen is passed through, after being starched,gives

.„ the linen a good gloss. To make the wick of a lamp burn clear, steep it in strong vinegar and dry thoroughly before immersing in the oil. . . .

Sheets that have worn thin in the centre should not he discarded; they should be cut through, the selvedges joined together, and the sides hemmed. . All brown paper, twine, Sm., that come to the houso should be preserved ; they will be found. useful iii wrap- ping up parcels, &s. To know if a cake is suffisiently baked, thrust a knit- ting needle through the centre; if anything adheree to it, return the cake to the oven for a little longer ; if the needle is clear, the cake is enough.

' Inoigerrtion. . This is a very old enemy which never ceases to plague many of us, and at present the age we live in is said to be an " indigestion age" on a.ecount of the cheapness of fond and the amount consumed by those who least of all requite it. All the besiness of life is now a constant rush and hurry, and the eating of food of an indigestible kind is found to impair the functions of the stomach. Many dyspileics do not show their trouble on their faces, but others present a pimply and reddish counten- ance that is a source of pain to the owner and disagree- able to his or her friends. Many men and women win live a secluded or confined life quite expect to be able to make themselves at home with everything on their dinner table. We can say with all truth that most dyspeptics owe the contrivance of their trouble to their own bad practices. Very often we have been street with the temerity of people whom we know to b- martyrs to indigestion. for they will eat articles of food that would make a strong stomach quail. There is al- ways a cause to be discovered in all cases of indigestion. Some people may suffer-through the food being bolted without proper mastication and admixture of saliva ; some through drinking alcoholic liquors to excess, or such seemingly harmless beverages as tea and coffee ; some through constipation, . depending, perhaps, on close confinetneut to business ; some to imperfect or ex- cessive secretion of the gastric juice; and others to weak action of the muscles of the stoniach, perhaps arising through regular over-distension by gourmaydisine. Everyone who consults his or her doctor should carry out his instructions to the letter. It is our custom to supply a printed dietary to those not gifted with a good memory ; but we are afraid few are aIWaT 9 guided by it. There is no near prospect of cure for the dyspeptic so long as he will take his cheese at night after a dinner that *mild call forth the powers- of a Colossus. The best way to cure yourself of the pain after food, distension, palpitation, and feeling of lassi- tude and weariness that accompany indigestion, is to jot down what you have foetid by experience suits you beat, and what does not, and then to sybtematically ad- here to your home-made dietary. A little carbonate of soda dissolved iu water, taken after meals, relieves heartburn by neutralising the gastric juice. Milk foods constitute the best Piet for most cases ; and, if these do Inot agree, peptordsed milk may be used, or powders con- tainimg pepsin may be added to the food before eating. 'Exercise iu the open air whenever possible, the keeping of early hours as to sleeping and Waking, with care over food talon, and is guard over the pipe, cigar, or cigarette. will : soon make a marked change in the patient affected, and, if ,the treatment is continued, will bring back once more that priceless treasure—good health. _

AtTI-GAMBLINU P ROSECTJTIO N. JOCKEY CLUB S'IRWARDS IN COURT. The summonses taken out by the National Anti- Gambling League against the -Earl of March, Lord Ellesmere, and Loid Itendelsham, stewards of thefJockey Club. and certain bookmakers, came- en for hearing at Newmarket Police Court on Tuesday. The bookmakers summoned were Tom Hanson, of Birmingham, Frazer and Goulding, of Islington, and William Foster, Ear's- court. London. The Jockey Club stewards were charged with opening and keeping open Tattersall's rifle, the 203. ring, and time sj. ring, on the 10th October, 1894, and other dates, that **misusing the same might bet with other persons resorting thereto The book- mak( rs were charged with using the rings named for the purpose of betting, ready money and commis ion. It was decided that the stitnraszis4l againat the Jockey Club stewards should first be heard, and their counsel elected for summary jurisdiction rather than going before a jury. Mr. ThomaeMliburn,eommie..ion agent. WillesOen, and others gave evidence as to betting by the bookmakers, after which kr. Weatherby, secretary of the Jockey Club was called, and the hearing was adjourned till &duet:4y. --•- -

===== 0002601_18950216_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
II EX k NO

U r)

0 0 0 (HOMOCEA FORT). 0 0 0 A S the above . indicates, O A EXANO is the strong- -0 O est form of Homocea O that we make, and" Touches 8 the Spot" in deep-seated 11 pains, either Rheumatic or 0 otherwise. . We feel fully Hable to gwirantee this, and the only guarantee that we can make is, that if the ti o purchaser fails to receive g 0 relief, and the box of Exano 0 O is purchased direct from us, 3 n we will in every case where ,9 8 complaint is made, return ri - p the money. C) , It is recommended very 8 • • v especially for Affections oil 0 the Joints ; but also in Head- 0 rt ache as well as in Stiff Neck 9 O it has only to be used to be €1) 40/ appreciated. Sold only in Z. . 8 one size, 2S. 9d. per box, of o , O all chemists; by post, 35., S 0 from the Homocea Co.'s il • el offictis, 22, Hamilton Square, li 0 Birkenhead. 0 O 0) aqasszzzoro-uszt;csacvxmr,;ol4 ,

Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON by the executors of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN,;BRIDOH-STREET PHARMACY, RUN- CORN ;J. 11. WESTON, DEVONSHIRE BUILDING. RUN- CORN ;S. STRINGFELLOW, 1, COLLEGE-STREET. Sr. HELENS ; IVlrasits. HEATH AND LEEDHAM ; and by E. LOUD, 5, Cnlza.a .74:-.l.nc,ug, Luz-Am.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PARTED AT THE ALTAR;

BY LAURA JEAN LIBBEY, Author of "A Mad Betrothal," " "Parted

by Fate," "Floribere Lover," etc., eta.

CHAPTER. I.

"TO THE GRAND BALL.' "Choose not alone a proper mate But proper time to marry." " WHEN you read what I have written here,, I shall be lying cold in death." The words were written by the trembling white hand of a young girl, standing in her bridal robes alone, at midnight, in the vestry of an old, isolated church. • Continuing, she wrote rapidly on the leaf she had torn from the marriage register: . "Despite the shock, it will not matter much to you, although but a few moments since—only a few moments—you led me to the altar, and vowed there to• love and cherish me—oh, cruel words! Oh, false vows !—when you know your heart was old and bitter toward me. "I am going to set you free, knowing I must part from you. lam n going to die ; but death is sweeter than life without you. Yes, at the very altar you shall have your,freedom back again. " Your poor, unhappy, loving Donis." Let us read the romance of the few brief days that led to the love of this ill-mated bride and groom; how they met, and what caused this hasty and most reckless of all reckless marriages ; and why the young bride fled from her bridegroom at the very altar. Only three days previous to the opening of our story, on a sunny June afteinoon; the hands of the great clock on the wall of Madame Delmar's fashionable seminary at Beech grove, Maryland, are slowly creeping around to the closing hour of four, but it seems to the restless, 1)1.4a-eyed seminary-girls that the closing hour will never roll around to-day. The bell taps at last, lessons are over, and a moment later a bevy of young ladies come fluttering, laughing and chatting down the broad stone steps, as only bright, romping, happy light- hearted school-girls—who know nothing of the cares of the world—can laugh and talk. Among the group, yet quite apart from the rest, was a slight, fair young girl, differing from her companions by being far prettier. Her plain muslin dress, reduced almost to shabbiness, was sadly in contrast to their dainty, ruffled mulls; but you would lose sight of this in gazing at the equisite, piquant beauty of the dimple rosebud. face, framedin burled golden hair, and the large blue eyes deeply, beautifully blue, like the heart of a velvet pansy; yet she was only Doris Brandon, madame's dependant ward. Turning abruptly into a side path, Doris crossed the lawn ' with flying footsteps. Reaching a secluded spot at the lower end of the spacious grounds, she flung herself down on the daisy. studded grass, sobbing as though her heart would break. Angry, defiant, rebellious tears they ,were, and surely no young girl ever had more bitter cause to weep. "Oh, dear! oh, dear !" she sobbed, dashing the great pearly dew-drops away with a slim white hand, "if my life were only like the life of other young girls! Oh, it was bitterly cruel of madame to taunt me with my dependence before the whole school to-day! If I only had wings, like this brown linnet in the tree over my head, how quickly I would fly from this dreary prison. lam young, and life runs warm in my veins, fills my heart, beats in every pulse; yet how can I live without even one of those things that make life endurable? How much longer is this monotonous life to last I wonder." It was to end sooner than she knew; this very day was to be the turning point of her life, whether for weal Or for woe, ah ! who shall say? She removed her hat, and the June sunshine fell unheeded on the graceful head crowned with tumbled, golden hair, that framed the flushed, pretty, tear-wet face. A slight wind raised the hat from the grass, and bending forward quickly to recover it, she caught sight of her own face in the clear, babbling brook that flowed through the grounds and on to the glittering Chesapeake. "Ah If that face belonged to any one else it would be called very pretty. It is fairer than Vivian Courtney's and they rave about her beauty. Who could find anything to admire in a poor little nobody like me? I might as well have been ugly, for all the good my beauty does me," sighed Doris. There was a time coming when that same face was to be more brilliant, when crowds were to sur- round it and do homage to its loveliness. But it was never fairer than on this sunlit afternoon when Doris Brandon bent over the stream and moaned for the dreariness of her young life. The far-off shriek of the incoming afternoon ex- press startled her, andlihe sprang to her feet with a little cry. "I had almost forgotten to ;go down to ,the south gate and watch for Vivian Courtney's beau, who is to come by that train, and deliver to hiM the letter she intrusted to me to give him." Picking up her sun-hat; and hastily tying the blue ribbons under her dimpled chin, Doris rose quickly, and glancing furtively beck at the grim seminary walls, sped &way in tho.direction Of the old south gate on her fateful errand. At that moment the Southern express, which was twenty minutes late, steamed into the little station of Beech Grove, on the Chesapeake. From the rear carriage sprang a handsome young man, who gazed abouc him quite doubtfully, a moment after the train steamed on. He is a tall, handsome, well-dressed young fellow, dark as to hair and complexion, and thoroughly aristocratic, from the straw hat which is pushed rather carelessly back from his broad, white brow to the toe of his polished boot, which he is tapping rather impatiently with his gold. mounted, ebony walking-stick. "Ali ! that must be the place," he says to him- self, eying curiously a large atone building with many turrets and gables. "Yes, that niust be Madame Delmar's seminary. Vivian said I couldn't possibly miss it." And for the twentieth time that afternoon he drew from his breast pocket a dainty, perfumed, pink-tinted, monogramed letter, which was d irected in a girlish hand to "Mr FREDERICK THORNTON, JE., care of Mr. Thornton, Esquire, Banker, No. Wall-street, New York." He drew the dainty letter from the envelope, and looked carefully at the directions in the post- script again : "Take the path to the right of the station, and It will lead you directly to the seminary, by way of the old south gate. I will be there waiting for you. Be sure you come in time for the grand ball I have set my heart on going. It will be a wonder- ful affair. All the girls of the school are just wild over it, and can scarcely wait for Tuesday evening to roll around. I must close now, in order to watch my opportunity to smuggle this into the mailbag and outwit madame, whose eyes are over on the alert to prevent billets-doux from leav- tag her establishment. " Yow a in great. haste, " VIVIAN COURTNEY." "Pretty, wilful Vivian," he mused, with a smile and a flush on his handsome face. "Before I leave Beech Grove, you will have to answer 'yes' or 'no' to a certain-question that, has been agitating my heart this many a (lay." Ile Walked quickly up the daisy-bordered path, thinking of the bright, girlish eyes that would be watching for him from one of the dormitory :Windows. , Turning an abrupt curve in the path, he came suddenly in sight of the white, arched gate of the seminary grounds ; and standing beneath the tall 'arch, under the waving plumes of a lilac tree, was a picture he never forgot while his life lasted—a pie- ture that would have st.lttled any young man who was a beauty-worshipper ; and with the sight, all thoughts of Vivian Ilew from his mind. At the first-rapid glance he had beheld a slim young, girl in is blue dotted muslin dress, a bewitchingly pretty face, half shaded by a broad straw hat, and waving, golden hair, a small, red, smiling mouth, and a pair of wonder- ful blue eyes. He approached, raising his straw hat with a low bow "I expected to see Miss Courtney here," he said, rather confusedly for this debonair, worldly young man. 4.. n -.4 am here in Vivian Courtney's place, or iather, to deliver a letter to you from her, if you are Mr. Frederick Thornton, and I suppoie you are," she .interrupted eagerly. He smiled amusedly, and bowed, and she drew from the folds of her pocket a tiny little note which she placed in his hands. She was jwit turning to leave him, when lie said, eagerly; "Please don't go yet. This may require an . answer."

(3) Doris vralted nat.eutlir by flay tato. stooling

===== 0002601_18950216_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
any glances now and cnen from under her long lashes at the face of the handsome young stranger as he perused her schoolmate's note. Doris Brandon had never seen such a handsome young man before. The French masters and the music professors of the seminary were cros,i and very ugly. The doctor and the rector, who came occasionally, were both old, and the few young men in the village that lay over the hill were very corn- Thou-place sort of persons, inileed. No. wonder this smiling, handsome young man quite captivated Doris's girlish fancy at first sight. The note which Vivian had written contained but a few tear-blotted words, and was as follows: "DEAR FREDERICK :—Father has Come quite unexpectedly, and I am to go home with him, he says. We have barely" time to reach the train. Oh, how disappointed you will be when you come. I am, oh, so sorry. Fate seems against us. What a pity it is to miss the ball, too, after I had set my heart on going. I hope I shall not lose all. that I set my heart on: I shall have to get some one of the school girls to meet you and deliver this to you. I don't know who yet. "Yours, in the greatest kind of a hurry, " Vivistr." "PS.—Come back to town by the next return train."

"There is no answer," said Mr. Thornton, smil- ing; and adding imploringly: "But won't you sit down on this log for a moment, and tell me, please, how it was that Vivian left the seminary so hastily, and what she said to you when she intrusted you with this note." _ _ _

Blushing prettily, and thinking it would be uite ill•mannered to refuse him, Doris sat down. "Vivian's father came quite unexpectedly or her," she said, quite unconscious that she was repeating the words of the note, and that he knew all about it already, "and just as she was going down the steps with her father she thrust two notes into my ham!; one was tome and read: "'Give the other note to a young man who is to come on the afternoon train and be at the old south gate at four o'clock this afternoon. Wittch sharp for him, and don't let madame see or know. Of course I know it's a little bit wrong to deceive madame, but oh, it's so romantic, you know.' Frederick Thornton smiled again as he stood leaning carelessly against the trunk of a tree, watching her. "What a sweet, guileless little creature she is," be thought. At that moment a sharp, rasping voice broke harshly on the summer air, calling loudly: "Doris I Doris Brandon, where are you? I want you I" It was droll to see how • the birds flew out of their nests, gave a terrified whirl back again, singing loudly to each other,. as though they would "' "Look! look! Here in our green, shady para- dise is an angry woman I" • Doris sprang from her mossy seat in alarm. "It is Madame Delmar," she cried, in affright. "How angry she would be with me if she found me loitering here." With a little nod of her curly bead, she would have sprung down the shady pail, but Frederick Thornton put out his white hand detainingly. A sudden impulse came to him to see this fair young girl again, and that was the beginning of the fatal end.

"Will you come here to-morrow afternoon at this time for a no' e to deliver to Vivian when she returns to school?" lie asked earnestly. . . . .

"Yes,' she promised, hasiily, and In an instant she was lost to sight among the trees. "Doris Brandon. Au, what a pretty name, and what a pretty young girl. But somehow, she does not look quite happy-," he mused, as he turned away with something vary like a sigh. Doris eluded madame by taking another path to the seminary. Her little heart was in a strange whirl and a dark smiling face seemed to dance between her and the sunlight. Poor child ! She would have had a happy enough life of it if her path hal never been crossed by this handsome young man.

• CHAPTER THE LOVERS.

FREDERICK THORNTON paced up and down the lane before the old eouth gale, quite hzdf an hour the next afternoon before Doris made her appearance.

"I was afraid you had quite forgotten your promise to come here to-day, Duds. You will pardon me for calling Toil that; it sounds so much sweeter than to say Bliss'Brandon,' he added.

"I should hardly know 'bow to answer to the name of Miss Brandon," she said, thoughtfully. "You are the first person who ever addressed me so; every one calls use Doris; I like it best. As to roy coming late, madame was very cross with, me to-day. I could not get away befors." Ah, how sorry he looked. "I heard over at the village that the present term at the seminary closed yesterday afternoon, and most of the young ladies had returned to their respective homes. I feared you had gone after I bad seen you," he said; "and as to the note, it was useless to write it in that case.' "You thought I was a pupil here" she asked, laughing softly, white the colour came and went in her pretty, dimpled cheeks " Yea, I thought so," he answered. "Is it not so ?" "Oh, dear no," she answered, with a merry, girlish laugh. "Jam only Madame Delmar's ward. I have lived here always.' "Always ?" he repeated, wonderingly. She nodded her curly head. He was a stranger in that locality or he would not have asked that question. Every one in the village knew Doris's history—how, seventeen years before, a stranger, heavil veiled, had been seen making her way in the dusky twilight through the village streets, pausing now and then to ask a stray pedestrian which road led to "the young ladies seminary." Each one that she spoke to noticed that she carried a heavy, dark basket, and that her voice was low and tremulous. The next morning the strange dark basket was found on the steps of the seminary, but the veiled woman had disappeared. When the basket was brought to Madame Delmar and she opened it, she threw up her hands with a gasp of horror and dismay. " There's—a—a—baby in it !" she cried, in con- sternation. A note was found pinned to the baby's breast; it contained only a few words, in delicate chiro- graphy, which read as follows: "ii, tha 11A1110 of humanity do not turn this foundling from your roof. Give her the name that she must bear—Doris Brandon."

Simply these words—no more. Madame fretted and finned, but ended by keep- I lag the child. Although she grew up a singularly pretty girl, madame could never quite overcome her great prejudice against her, and she quite believed the girl was born for her especial annoy- ance—to be her especial cross. Madame was strict, grim and hard with her. She had too many tasks set for her to loiter among her companions, and her dresses were always so shabby, being made from those cast off by madame, that she was rather glad than otherwise to escape the gaze and close scrutiny of the seminary girls as much as possible. Doris never knew how it happened, but as they stood there under the waving lilac blooms, with one question leading to another, he had told this handsome stranger all of her simple history—a his- tory so dark aud so unutteiably dreary for such a fair young girl, he thought, pityingly, as he looked at pretty, shy Doris. "And when vacations roll around—then the place Is closed up, all save the western wing—it is in- deed like a prison," she sighed. "Yes, yesterday was the last day of the term ' • every one had gone, and life will be very lonely for me," and the red lips quivered. I shall be staying a few days longer in the vil- lage,' he said. "Do you think Miss Delmar would permit me to call upon you?' Doris drew back with a merry laugh. "You do not know madame," she said, laugh- ingly. "I would not dare mention your name to her, she has midi a terrible aversion to men.- She often says if she were dying, her last solemn request to me would be—thever to look with any. thing save hatred upon the face of men.' So, you see, I would not dare introduce you to her; she would foibid nie to speak to you." " You would not like that ?" asked Frederick, gen t12,-. " No," confemed Doris, hot blushes dyeing her pretty, dimpled face. " Nor ,110 Mil I. ' Le ex(.!:iiiiied, energetically. " If she were to imprioon ‘....u, keep ynq under lock and key bccauso ef it 1: sh,,idd be )(air Prince Charming. I would find issv o rtscue you front }PAIL- asly pran. Would wei like to see me ilgklil/ ?" he •• Wr,uld you care for it Poor, pr,,,,ty. sli v Dori4' for one hal kt I:,r], LOSC dark, ii Catii• wen bet own fell. muti

===== 0002601_18950216_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
crimson dash suffused her race. lie took her handy in his. "If you will only say that you care for it, 1. will manage in some way. Do you care he per— sisted. " I—l—shouldn't mind," she faltered, shyly. "You tell me you have never had one plea— sure in all your young life," he went on earnestly. "That is so sorrowful Now, I have, a plan in my mind that would give you a great- treat." Sbe clasped her little hands together and gazed at him breathlessly. "I—could—go—to--the grand ball 7" she gasped in dismay. "Yes," he said, gaily, "but you would have to- manage it by strategy. If I were to ask madame to permit you to go, you are sure she would refuse why ask her? If grieves .ne to hear you say you: have had not one pleasure in your young life,' ' he- said kindly. "The lights and the music would be e- brilliant treat for you I would not ask you to go. if I believed there could be the least possible harm in it; it seems so cruel to deprive you of so much gaiety. If you are brave enough to slip out of the. ground and meet me here, we will go to the ball,. and I will bring you home any time you say." Let it be thoroughly understood, dear reader, that no other thought save the one desire to give this beautiful, lonely girl a bright evening happiness prompted him to make this impulsive offer. Frederick Thornton was a young man of the strictest honour. . .

He was gay and careless—a beapty-worshipperp- but no one ever yet attributed to him a dishonour- able action. He reverenced all women for the sake of his ntother and fair sisters. No broken hearts had been laid at hie door. Headers will bear this in. mind when they read what followed It was such a novel, dazzling idea—the very thought of going to the grand ball— that it quite overcame Doris with intense childish delight. "Could I get back before half-past ten, do you think ?" she asked, breathlessly. " Madame closes the house and the gates at that time." "Certainly," he reeponded, promptly; "you see, this being a village, the affair commences at nine, instead of eleven. We could be there by nine and stay until ten, and it would not take no more than ten minutes to reach the seminary, don't you see? "Yes," she answered, raising her great, childish, blue eyes to his face ; then suddenly they fell in great perplexity. "I do not know what kind of dresses young girls wear to balls," she said, with childish simplicity. "Oh, I couldn't go ; I have nothing fit to wear." "You could wear the white dress you have on," he declared ; "the best dressed young girls are always the simplest dressed and plainest." "Oh," she cried, with pretty confusion, "surely girls don't wear anything like this? "Indeed they do," he persisted; he lost sight of: the fact that the plain muslin dress, which looked very pretty in the red glow of the sunset, and with that background of bright-hued roses and green leaves, would look sadly cottrd when. brought in contrast with the sheen of satins and costly robes. The elite of the whole country would be present - at this ball. "If you are quite sure of that, and sure it wouldn't be wrong, I-1 think I would like to go—oh, ever so much," she faltered. And so. these thoughtless young people—she, s child of seventeen, and he, only a boyish young fellow of four-and-twenty—settled the matter, and they lived to rue it while their lives lasted. • At length the eventful Tuesday evening drew' near. Oh, how eagerly Doris watched for the sun to set, the dusk to creep ur?, and the golden stars to come out. Nine o'clock struck from an adjacent belfry as Doris crept out of the seminary. The coast was quite clear; there was not an obstacle to overcome. Still the girl's heart beat high with excitement; it was a terrible, almost an awful thing to do, yet she liked the excitement and enjoyed the danger, al the young and thoughtless always do. Madame Delmar, usually so grim and stern in all things, gave the girl her full freedom to roam the moonlight where fancy willed—about the picturesque grounds that surrounded the old grer stone seminary, and in this she committed a great, error. "The birds and the flowers cannot put nonsense- into he girl's romantic head," she would tell her- self, grimly. Her peace of mind would have taken flight at once, if she had but dreamed that amonf the fragrant roses there lurked a young and hallo* some man. Standing on an upper veranda in the shadow of one of the tall pillars, she saw the alight form Lit across the grounds in the moonlight. "I shall call her in presently," thought madame. Then for the next half-hour she quite forgot about Doris. In making his way toward the old south gato the thought occurred to Frederick whether or not his dark-eyed Vivian would quite approve of this little romantic escapade when she heard of it', or not. But surely she could not quite find it in her heart.because he—her lover—had stepped out, of his way to give a lonely girl a , few hours of pleasure. * He was. certainly Vivian's lover. He had nets declared himself in so many words; still, that ha& been only a question of time as to when he should. He might take a fancy to a pretty face for a cial —but his heart always went back fruithfully to Vivian. If fate had not taken Vivian away from the seminary so suddenly, there would certainly ht" been a formal engagement between them. The' diamond betrothal ring he had bought to place OP her little white hand still lay in his vest pocket. Vivian was not there to go to the ball, so wlis4 harm was there in taking poor, pretty little Doris. to whom it would be such a treat? If Vivian wets displeased about this—Vivian, who was one day to be his bride—it would be his last escapade with sol other girl, he promised himself. (To be continued).

SHOW VHS TO SOME WOMAN. I will send a valuable. instructive, and highly interBm7; book which eve 'y w..inan would be glad to 1150 Contains important and confidential advice slid tellti bqo married and single how to keep healthy and avoid „kr anxieties so distressing to the se:. Sent tree, Iswolb— sealed, for one stan.p to cover postage. A.nortvas Prolessor E. LASALLE, 17. Eastbourne Terrfl" P iddinoton„ 101)100. W 1 in washing. Al ~TOELESS CLEANSER is aperfecti saves much work and time, to use it s a pleasure.---07.--- __ TB: E PLAGUE OF LIF

A "Little Cough," THE NUIN OF HEALTH: A THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: "Little Cough. A "Little Congist.. 0 , Which may be CURYID now by the IMMEDIATK HA LL'S LUNG P ESTOR ER FOR INFLUENZA .1.11, heglstered AND ALL Cli EST . LUNG AND T BROAD RESTOR ER COM P L A I NTS. Never rails. It POSSESSRS TN a POW 33 .' I UN G to 800111 E. HRLUring /1". , HEAL. which exhall ig, "-- , RESTOR EU other preparatio*. .14 I Fon, COUGHS , L"G RESTORER Never Valls. It NEVE lt P c Lu"INSTANT EL li RESTORER THE FIRST/11)1°L110SIStCia-111P8:. v IS A SOOTHINIII s- LUN G LUDE TO THIS C 1 RESTORER INDUCES SI. IL E r Calm and Refreshilaß• LUN ESTORER G Arntis ' R DOES LAUDANUM, oPlu-7 Never Falls mown/Lk. UN° FOR WHO': '.."IN 0 RESTORER CULIG/IP -r UN G IT ACTS LIKE A 03Agli. , LA RESTORER Children like Never Fails. .1,1 BOTTIO/4' ONE AL L'S 0 H 2 D • LUNURE STO RER PROVES ITS Irtv1•011,:us. . Registered ESTABLISHED 4 GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVE? RELIEF. FAILS. FALL— EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WIT:MUSS BILAIIIO Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Crorda aos: g, ' To Mr. THOS. HALL.—" DEAR SIB, —I am P testifi, to the great beneflt derived from thellso of yon ~,, f 0 1 11.1iSTOEER, which I have id Vett to several Mid, r_srvel, , my Home—in two oases particularly its effects weo_ mi....ed low% having cured most obstinate Coughl. I shall be F to recommend it to all my fri, nds." a's CAUTION.—When you ask, ask for a Boto. 01 a.,,taosi , LUNG} RESTORER, don't be pervattle4 to rteeepi else. Upon the outside wrapoer of every gerrijr„osur•' , arpearn my Trade Mark ;the figure of 13 ()PO sal Beware of fraudulent irnitailotti and ihnovatioos. ~aies, Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere. I!o%ity fI, Is. 10. and 2e. 9d. Should there be ally• r. 0.0• obtaining, it will be sent carriage psid. on receipt ovioiver for the amount, from TIIOI. HALL, 24. (1,0"""' I street London, we,

I

tO • ra• go, fastis• 9ed d 1 ;A s. usg:— _dee. otirearvoet r 0,10.4 ue 8 of g /Atte •ept n3unto, tore. 4.1 Sigas totkie*, 0. in ult 9 iy ceipt 01 tow vic a aaa4a

===== 0002601_18950216_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
4 4e .. 6-841 ~

NU. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

6-45 a.st.

Next day.

t

===== 0002601_18950216_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

With Or- dinary Postage up to

2-15 a.m.

Newton-le-Willows Widnes, App!eton, Pan.worth II•tton, Penketh, Preston Brook Proclsharn, lielsby, Daresbtuy

4-0 a.m.

1-15 a.m.

and More Grappen hall, Heat-ley 11 eat'', • rn in, and Thelwa (I Newehurch, Croft, PAgate,Stotnek

6-30 a.m.

ton H eat, I; tret. ton ,"War.burton ,

4-30 a.m.

and Woolst on For Town Deliv,ry & Latchlr • Manch ster, Macclesfield, Stock- port. Buxton. Y.,rksinre, North- umberland, Durham. Sc S.-East

I-55 a.m.

Lancashire . London. Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South Wales

S-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales and ,reland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot. Southport. Birkenhead. Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton. and 'Runcorn .. Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, South wales, S.-West ot Eng- __ . _ .

11-lo

ii-so am.

_ land, Yorkshire, Durham, No-i- -thurnberland. & Town I) livery.. London, S.-astern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-

11-ao a.m.

Cheshire. Central Wales, and Foreign 8,-,ltAnt Presi on. North Lancashire, West

IL wooa 1.53 sm 1-50

Cumbe Hand London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Souttipm t, Ormskirt Bath, Bristol. Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland.. Chester, Wre ham, Llandudno,

1-0 p.m.

115

1-40 p.m.

Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, is Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby Widnes, Pvnkettl, and

2-14 p.m. 1140 P.m.

245 pan.

Moore

" Pan. 4-15 Pan. 4-0 Pan. 44° P 440 Pan 445 v.ra.

Town belivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges ...... Lymm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St Helens Orf ,rd and Hulme Liverpool and Chester Preston, N.-Bast, Lancashire, West Cumberland. Wigan,Manchest Peterborough, and Bast Lincol

143 P.sa.

"5 P.m

shire Town Delivery Preston, West Cu berla d, Liver- pool. Birkenhead. Ormskirk. Isle of Man, & Glasgow Night Mail Despa•oh. All Parts London. Midlands. S.-Bastern & douth Counties. & Foreign

I-10 p.m . 111-30 Lin. 11-11 P.E.

Fw.ary

10 1440 ~

11.1. ..

I

24fi

640

ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

- iliarlietrowitnOUSE- -111,-OrtxcEs Aslito - etglin a *got b °reel' Lowtoorne livtuititillicalvt Cross *WIN/rase

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m and 5-33 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.9,_ _

9-25 a an. ans-55 L. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

WALL, 200Zta— ,_01, Lane. Newton. ("414:ea.:r ti:Vl°llanern.e:onur se; Station (Newt Pee,,to on Bridge) ehu n Junction L reh'st.. Golb orne lawatCh StreetChapej (NearornLmon " °wton St. lutto:rY's Station) 'taloa Re'aci. Ashton ihtztoz Village (Provli°enclee Place)

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2& 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. ani 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m. and 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

• 7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

T.) Callers.

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10.45

11-39 „

tll-45 .. } 12-0

12-15 p.m.

2-lb „

6-30 p.m.

6-45 „

8-30 „

9.15 „

allowing the the time to which a Letter can be poste with Ordinary Postage. and with an Extra Haltpenn Stamp.

IWith Mara Hal penny Stamp up to

No extra

Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. 4CI p.lO Ditto.

I No extra

10-45 p.m

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. !lIAD OFFICE • High-at., Newton VibeirMASTFlt Mr. James Jordan Roor Atte of .1 Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Ike 'l'm). 1 Sundays? to 10 am. Box closes at 5.40 p.m Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. 8 Pall., an i on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 s.m. pzq Order and Sayings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p,m. „CRIL POST. —Parcels aro despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15 "15 P.m., and 8 p.m. Dy.trinnY commences at? a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m

alubm LIST OF DESPAICHES. —IV the time to which a letter can he posted with Ora '607 Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

-490 HOUSE, SIM-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER BOXER

STIND•YIi. 4-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m Nil. Nil. Nil. 411. 4-55 a,m 10-30 cm

Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

ele are rprn Ikt 9'esPatched from the Receiving Office at Barlas• "'Me as n,• and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-OfEees at the same ters•

TOwa, DELIVERIES A.S POLL WS IByPostmen. • .•*nd, , „,./kind peeei ireland, Scotland,' 117.601d.ohn,t!nd.tgnhe South It.thehesT: Re shy, & LVM m Yorksh,l: E.-East 'Latuashir oNab"reetle.T,d,r a.ndipLiirrihcaornlnehNir(e'rt hum' orL.i ve rpool. Birkenheyd Preseot. Wigan, Orme ~lcines, & Earlestown Orel gn,an,l the South_ c•es.„__ unties & South Wei te4l.n. North Lancast'to New - kehesete4Yr il'OWs, St. Rect.'s, anti tzithester tn IU-KI Foreign South tieneaB sehrinre•,Bun,lnkte,l)rnnld n Crewe, ...tee, Wales a I d reland _Preston, Wigan. Man- bltneters'r• Bolton. & Chest; r 1148,_ and Foreign South S.-, a; ‘'lll It'd! stet Northern, erre..., h. Counties, & Lancs.!), re.. I.l4,(lgate. Wool st on , 81004 ton tatt'Zto.‘,.r.td Stretton Hia Foreign, Smarr, and ' - tern Counties ..

7-11 s.st

11-30 a.m.

3-15 in.

A JAX CYCLITS ! Marvellous Priers, On' year's guarantes. NEW, for our 1895 iiluatrared list • toiw and reicond-hand Pneumatic Ciri,biost SAVRTIES and Ttil

:Ye) pt Ito Roy tetra 46.--w"6• °FACTORING CO. '".erton-rmd, Liverpool.

1141 \

_ ‘7&- rorn ,„

===== 0002601_18950216_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INSURANCE CASE AT THE CoUNTY

COURT.

RESUMED HEA.BING AND RESULT.

_ At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, last week before his Hot our Judge Wynne Ffulke s,t)ie crie,e the London, Edinburg.h, and Glasgow Insurance Uo.,v• John Martin Dale was resumed. In this case, the Com- pany sued Dale,who was formerl C one ot their agents,for £23 19s. 101., consisting of £2O as the penalty for braking a contract with the Company by canvassing the members within six months aft: r leaving the Com- pany's employ, and of £3 19 10J., money due to the C impany. A counterclaim was aso made by Dale for £4B, as damages due for wrengfill dismissal, being the value of the defendant's bn,k, and :Mir tor various sums overcharged or overpaid to the Company. Mr. Ede mitt- son, Bilston,was also sued as guarantor. The Company was represented by Mr. G.Rhodes,barrisl-er, Manchester, instructed by Mr. Percy Marsh. solicitor, Bolton, and the defendant was represented by Mr. Foley, solicior, Bolton. Previous to the resumption of the evidence, Mr. Foley applied for the non-suiting of the Company against Hewittson, the guarantor,on the ground that he became guarantor some months after Dale entered the serviee of the Company, the former guarantor having died. After a long Iii6CUSSiOII, Mr. Foley's application was granted with costs. The evidence of the defendant was then proceeded with. He said that the names which he put down in his book,and upon which he was paid the special salary, were got by a canvasser and Mr.Seidon. When he took the book, Mr. Seddon said that he had a selling right of it, and he could get a customer for it. When he sent in I his resignation, he told Mr. Seddon lie could take the ; money he owed out of the mice of the ti,,ek. Mr Seddon said the hook was worth £35, and tor,k him to Mrs. Lea to endeavour to gat her to advance money on it, on behalf of her son, whom he, the witnes-. had nominated as his successor. Mrs. Lea, however, did not advance the money, and he thee nominat4 a young man in Winwick-road, but there was again no purchase made. Mr. Seddon then took the book, and wines.; never saw it again. It was given to Mr. S Wright —Cross exam- ined. The lapses which took place in the policies were those upon which he had received special salaries and had received commission upon. James Lea, 5, Garibaldi-St., gave corroborative evid- ence as to last witn-ss and Seddon waiting upon him, and asking him 2.35 for the book. Seddon said that the book was valued at ten times the eollectible premiums of the book, which aineunted to £4 and some odd shill- ings, but as witr.ess was a member the London, etc, (niety, Seddon said that he would let him have the beek for £35. Witness, however,did not take the book. —Mr. Rhodes : How do you rmsembar th. date that Mr. Seddon called upon you ? Witness : That is a very simple thing, because I had an addition to my family on that date. (Loud laughter.) Mrs. Lea, 43,Winwick-st., gave corroborative evidence with regard to the offer of Seddon to sell the hook. George Yeadon, Friar's Green, sa,d that he he trd Sed • don say that the book was worth £35. Mr. Rhodes then addressed the Conrt noon the evidence after which his Honoer summed up the evidence. Be said that defence had not rebutted the claim for the vari- ous sumsof 193. 51., £1 9 £16., and 5. 51. As to the agreement whereby the defender)s was pledged not to canvass the policy holders of the L E. and G.. for six months after leaving their service under a penalty of £2O, there was no doubt, whatever, that the defendant had canvassed some of them, and thorefore he must allow the claim for the £2O. With regard to the coun- terclaim for wrongful dismissal, the power of dismissal was no doubt an arbitrary right, brit he could not go be- yond the agreement, and therefore he must come to the ! conclusion that he must give judgment for the Com- pany. He would also grant an injunction retraining the defendant front canvassing any of Vie policy holders of the Society for six months commencing Nov. 23,1894. The defendant must pay costs with the exception of the order for an injunction.--Judgment was accordingly given with costa for plaintiffs on both claim and coon- rclaim.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY.

On Thursday evening last week the second of the two Chamber Concerts undertaken by Messrs. Crossley and Reynolds for the benefit of the Musical Society, was given in the Co-operative hail, Sankey-street, before a fashionable audience, numbering chiefly the Society's subscribers. The programme, as on the former occasion, included instrumental and vocal items of a classical character, and, therefore, more especially suited to the taste of the cultured musician. Miss Mary Hillhouse, as vocalist, was the only new name in the list of those who took I part in the concert. Her interpretation of Schuhert's "Die Junge Nonne " was, however, such 88 to at once attest her possession not only of a cultivated and powerful soprano voice,but of those more subtle qualities which are indispensible to a successful concert singer. Mililotti's " L'Esta-i in the softer and more musical Italian, and the two songs "Again my Lyre" and "My faithf a' Johnie," farther evi- denced Miss Hillhouse's ability as a vocalist,and her capacity to interpret songs widely differing in senti- ment and treatment. Beethoven's obbligati for 'cello and violin are, of course, a feature of the two last- named songs, giving, as they do, picturesque touches of tone colour as well as tuaterial support to the voice, without obtruding, as many modern accompaniments of this character often do. Amongst the instrumental items Mr. Carl Fuchs' violoncello solos were the only ones which called forth any degree of enthusiasm from the audience. The "Rol Nidrei "on the development of which Max Brach has left the distinct stamp of genius,was a masterly example of Mr. Fuch's firm yet delicate handling of his instrument, and to the varied moods iu which the recurring phrase of the Hebrew Chant is pre- sented in course of the piece, he did full justice in interpretation. The " Cradle Song " and the Ist Tarantella by the-renowned Herr Popper,were,how- ever, those in which Mr. Fuchs aroused the audience to its most marked demonstration of ap- proval, his brilliant execution of the second of these resulting in a loud demand for an additional solo. Mr. F. H. Crossley, the soeiety's conductor, played B. Tour's Romance No 2 with great depth of feeling, and altogether his rendering of this tine composition was both adequate and musiciauly. In the violin and piano sonata (Orion) with which the concert closed, the musical honours were, of course divided, but here, also Mr. Crossley'e execution was alike neat, and tasteful, The trio for strings and piano by Mr. Hudson was disappointing, and, except in the Barcarole andantino, had, in its four movements, little of breadth of treatment or charm of subject to rivet the listener's attention. Untie's trio op. 29 was only a comparative success in being more in- teresting and more pleasing. Mr. F. W. Reynolds' pianoforte solos" Nachtstiick " No. 4 (Schumann) " Lieder " No. 3 (Mendelssohn). " Album Leaf" Hider), and " Menuet " (Paderewski), were all ex- cellently performed, and attentively followed by the audience. Mr. Reynolds' ability as a piano soloist is so well-known to the Warrington music- loving public that it is needless to say more than that his execution of both the solos, the trios, and the accompaniments left nothing to be desired.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRESS IN WARRINGTON.

THIL ADMINISTRATION OF RELIEF.

_ It has often been asked whether anything has been done for the poor people during the present severe weather, by any organised committee. On inquiring at the Town Hall, we were pleased to find that the local relief commitee has been at work during the past few weeks, and it+ doing good work. The relief committee is composed of the following gentlemen: Mr. F. Monks, J.P., C.C., chairman, the Mayor, Revs. W. H. Drummond, and Owen Watkins, Councillors Smethurst and Roberts, Captain }de's- ten, and Mr. J. W. Hayward, J.P. There is also a ladies' committee of which the Mayoress is presi- dent. A system of visitation has been organised. 1 and an inquiry officer (Mr. Byrne) has been ap- pointed, whose duty it is to visit cases, and make a report upon them to the committee which meets weekly. In cases of stirgent necessity, the secre- tary, Mr. Stanley Wilson, will issue tickets. We understand that at the present time upwards of 300 cases have been relieved, and that the committee are spending DO to £3O per week. The demands during the past week have considerably in- creased, and it is feared that if the frost continues, a further appeal for funds will be necessary. The balance from the distress fund last year was £283 7s. 4d. The Mayor has received a cheque of £5 from Mr. J. C. Parr towards the fund, with a promise of further donations if necessary.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CURE.

ITNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLNIES' MEXI- CAN Prescriptien. is the only guaranteed Remedy or all those who suffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality. kidney, bladder, gravl, prosfa be and kindred complaints, and has stood the tetf or 20 ears. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope too 30.2 PR HOLMEa. Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, RI omsbury square, London, and get full particulars of this great Remedy roe of charge. •

===== 0002601_18950216_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
'HIE EXAMINEE,

CONFERENCE A-No EE rING. On Thursds y ai tern oon and evening last week the second annual convention oi the Warrington and DiArict Association of Young People's Societies of Christian Endeavour was held in Wycliffe Congregational Church, when there was a large attendance. At three o'clock the annual conference was commenced by devotional exercises, conducted by the Rev. T. Brammall, Runcorn, and the chair was taken by the Rev. E. T. Reed (President of the Association). TV Rev. E. T. REED, in the course of an isitroductory address, said that during the past considerable progress had been made in each distiiet. The success of the Christian Endeavour movement in Warrington was due to the admirable way in which the S. cretary had carried out his duties. - I The Rev. W. KNIGHT CHAPLIN (London), having'given an address on " Christiam Endeavour 14 essentially a spiri!ual movement," the meeting was thrown open and a box was passed round to receive written questions which anyone might desire to have answered. The que,tiens were then discoursed upon, the following gentlemen taking part :—Mr. Woods, secretary of the Manchester and District Union ; Rev. 0. D. Maso (Warrington), Rev. W. Knight Chaplin (London), ann Mr. Thomas Billinge (Deacon-road Junior C.E. Society Widnes). Three very interesting and eminently practical papers were then read on Junior Christian Endeavour Work in different forms as follows :—" Its Officers," Mrs Norman (Emmanuel Jtinior C.E. Society, Warrington) ;" " Its Meetings," Miss Allatt (Newton-le-Willows Junior C.E. Society) ;" Its Members," Mr. Thomas Whinge (Widnes). Papers were read on "Christian Endeavour—au aggressive agency," by Miss Jessie Bowden (Sc. Andrewt C.E. Society, Waterloo, Liverpool), and "How can i- best contend against social evils," by Mr. H. Hope (vice president of the Liverpool and District Union). In the latter p3per Mr. Hope dealt very strongly with the sub-t ject of gambling. He said that gambling wa a prevalen in all walks of life, and he was sorry to say, as much so among young women as men. As an instance of its prevalence he told the tale of street betting in one of the main thoroughfares of Warrington which led to the dis- grace and degradation of two of the most promising young men he ever knew. The speaker knew a church which recently had a bazaar where one member boasted that he had got £5O in about 30 minutes on a draw which captivated the ladies and bled the pockets of the men. Let Christian Endeavour, he said, have nothing to do with such a thing as that. The speaker also denounced in strong terms the production and roading of filthy literature,citing examples of its extensive circulation. After the conference, a tea was held in the schoolroom fOr the convenience of the members who had come from a distance. About 250 sat down. At 6.30. the execu- tive meeting was held when the Rev. E. T. Reed was re- elected president ; Miss Allatt, vice-president ; Rev. D. W. Roberts, secretary ; Mr. A. Mounfield, treasurer. A vote of thanks was accorded to all speakers and those who had assisted in the arrangements. A resolution was passed petitioning the London and North Western and Midland Railways to offer cheap rates to Birmingham on the occasion of the annual conference. EVENING MEETING. A public meeting was held in the evening, when the chair was occupied by the Rev. John Tense, and there were also present, the Rev. E. T. Reed, D. W. Roberts, W. H. Towers (Manchester), W. Knight Chaplin (Lon- don), and J. J. Muir. F.L.S. (Liverpool). Considering the severe 'weather, there was an excellent attendance, and great attention was paid to the various speakers. IThe meeting was opened by the singing of a hymn, after which Mr. A Mounfield engaged in prayer. The Rev. J.Yonge then addressed the meeting. He said that his first word that night would be a word of hearty welcome to the members of the Christian Endeavour Society represented in that convention. Re regretted that many of their friends appeared to have kept away, for if all in the district had come, the church would not have held them. He supposed that the clerk of the weather would account for a considerable number of absentees. (Laughter.) He was sure that the fact of there being so many junior endeavourers present that night gave great hope for the future of the movement. If they could get their young people in the Sunday schools to take their part in the Christian Endeavour enterprise they might expect their Sunday schools in the future would have even more blessed results. Most of them who had been engaged in Sunday school work would have a feeling of regret that the results had not been much better than they had been. If they could persuade their young people in the Christian Endeavour Socie ties to keep true to their pledge, Sunday schools would be indeed what they were described to be,—nurseries of the church. (Applause.) The Rev. D. W. ROBERTS in his report said it was now 14 years since that grand movement had been inaugu- rated in Willaston Church, Portland, Maine, U.S.A., and such had been its success that there were now 36,000 societies with a membership of two and a half millions. Although the movement was inaugurated in Great Britain in 1887, there were in 1894, 1,989 societies mak- ing a clear increase of 1,073 upon the previous year. The first convention in Warrington was held twelve months ago, when there were ten societies who took part, with 627 members. There were now 15 societies, with a membership of 800. During the year, 40 associated had become actual mem- bers, and 111 had joined the church. The two conven- tions had helped to awaken a spiritual life amongst them, and this could not be shown by any report. The societies had done good work in many ways, and he was glad that they had six societies with a membership of 323. They were grateful for the inter-denominational fellowship which they enjoyed at such seasons as the present, and he was sure that the present convention would send them on their way rejoicing and stir them up to work in brotherhood for the one great end of sav- ing the world. Addresses were afterwards given by the Rev. W. R. Tower., of Manchester; the Rev. W. Knight Chaplin, London,the hon. see. of the British National Council,and editor of "Christian Endeavour"; and the Roy. J. J. Muir, P.L.S., president of the Liverpool and District Union. After the meeting a consecration service was held conducted by the Rev. E. T. Reed. • EDISON.

CHARACTERISTIC SCENES IN HIS EARLY LIFE. Edison's early life seems to have been almost as re- plete as Greeley's or Lincoln's with interesting inci- dents that appeal to the popular minds. About all that Edison has interested himself enough to find out concern- ing his ancestry is that they were Dutch, that his great- grandfather came from Amsterdam to New York in 1737, and that when the Revolution broke out he went to Canada. The inventor's father nartieipated in the Papineau rebellion in Canada in 1837-38, and upon its failure made a long and successful run of one hundred and eighty-two miles to the States to escape judicial death as a rebel. Edison's great-grandfather lived to he nearly 103, his grandfather lived to be over 103, his father is still living in robust health at the age of 90. and one of his aunts died at the age of 108. The in- ventor, Thomas Alva, was horn in Ohio on February 11, 1847, of a Scntch mother, At the age of fourteen he achieved a stroke of enter- prise which the newspapers have often exploited. When the news came of the battle of Pittsburg Landing he was newsboy on the Grand Trunk Riilwav, and he wheedled the telegraph operators into giving him the use of .the bulletin-hoards at the various stations for announcing the news in advance ; then he cajoled the editor of the '• Free Press" nut of one thousand of the copies of the paper to be paid for after being sold ; and finally he per- suaded the engineer of the train on which he started not to give him a few minutes' extra time at each station. The result was that every station along the route looked as if a riot was in progress ; so big was the waiting crowd that the price went up tntwonty-five gents a copy and a small fortune was garnered in. It was a short time after this that Edison came near burning up a train with his precocious scientific re- searches. He had gathered together aeon of laboratory in the car in which as newsboy he madehis trips. The car in which his experiments were carried on was destitute of springs, and, like the one.hoss shay ' of immortal memory, was in a complete and consistent state of &may. The ^Anita nt jolting dislodged the cork of a phosphorus bottle hurling it violently to the ground and lieling fire to the car. The Saws were extinguished without much difficulty, hut the wrath of the gusrel was less easily allayed. He was inclined to view Edison in the light of an umitigated nuisance rather than in that of an interesting and incipient genius. The present crowning outrage gave him the revenge his soul had thirsted for so ion", an in the twinkling of an eve our luckless hero found himself on the platform with his househol4 enolg reining about his ears. The boxing which the angry guard administered to the boa's ears hef3re jotin him resulted in the deaf- ness which has ever since afflicted him. His next feat was to construct a telegraph line from the town of P trt Huron tottus railroad station, but about the time it was completed a courageous rescue of the child of the tidegrsph operating led to Edison's installa- Von as an aPgistant in the office. Edison here started on the continuous upward career which is well known to the world, and some of the results of which are his automatic telegraph system (by which one thnn.and words a minute are sent over a wire from New Tnk to Washingtos), the electrn-moto graph (ont of which came the traesmitter of the tele- phone), the meJaphone (making audible six miles away the sound of cattle crunching grass), the aeronhone, the phonograph, the incandescent light, /cc. Here is Mr. Edison's own 9terV concerning the discovery of the principle of the phonoetaph "1 disenvered the prmeiple by the merest accident," states mr. Edison. " I was singing to the mouthpiece of a telenhone, when the vibrations of my voice sent the fine sted point into my finger. That set me to thinking. If I could record the acrinn of the point, and send the point oval. the 91frO surface afterward, I saw no reason why the thing Fhould not talk. I tried the experiment first on a strip of telegraph paper, and found that the point made an alphabet. t shouted the words " Halloo ! Halloo!' into the mouth-niece, ran the paper hack over the steel point, and heard a faint 'Halloo Rallon !' in return. I detormieed to make a machine that would work A ,ntirAtely. and Ml6' ray assistants instruction, teinov them what I had discovered. They laughed at me. That's the whole e'er's' The phonograph is the result of the pricking nf a finger."

===== 0002601_18950216_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED WIDENING OF BRIDGE

STREET.

LOCAL GOVERNMEN r BOARD INQUIRY AT WARRINGTON.

On Toe: d y morning last vnek Mr. Rienzi Walton,M. lnst C. E., one of the inspectors of the Local Governnt Boai d, attended in the Council Chamber at the fowl' Hall, to inquirelinto the petition of the Mayor, atermen and burgesses of the borough who ask the Board to issue a provisional order to ernp )wer them to put in force, with reference to cir- tain lands rtquired by them for the purpose of widen- ing, opening, and otherwise improving certain streets in the borough, the powers of the Lands Clauses Acts with the respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement. The proct edings com- menced at half-past ten, and amongst those present were, the Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle), the Borough Treasurer (Mr. J. Fairhurst), the Borough Surveyor (Mr. T.Longdin), the Medical Officer of Health (Dr. Gornall), the Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough), Aldermen Blackhurst, Francomb. Sutton, and Wright ; Councillors Bennett I Evans, R. T. Fairclough, Heaton, Hepherd, Hill, Lee' Roberts, Shaw, Smethurst ; and Messrs. Arthur Browne (representing the Warrington Property Owners' Associa- tien), F. R. Roberts, M.A., L.L B. (representing Mr. John Tott, baker, Bridge-street), John Lunt James Strange, J. Titchett„ and William Bostock and T. S. Ball, John 'nit, R. Brierley (Newton), William Owen, J. S. Garland, William Roberts, J. P. Jones, J. Bostock, and others. The Town Clerk stated that Warrington was an im- portant town with a population of about 56,000 in- habitants. The ratable value was £170,000. The sub- ject of the inquiry had been long under the consideration of the Town Council, and in 1873 the Corporation obtained a provisional order to widen Bridge-st. from Bridge-foot to Friars'-gat, but the order was not carried into effect. In 1884 the Corporation again applied to the Local Government Board for a provisional order to widen the lower part of the street, and the order had been carried into effect. The estimated cost of the im- provement was £31,107, and after the sale of surplus land £11,972. The whole of the property had been purchased for £30,993 The net cost alter the sale of iurpliia land was £16,550, which was, unfortunately, £4,578 above the estimated cost. That was made up by a loan obtained from the Local Government Board of £16.800. and of which they took £16,550. Since the lower part of the street had been widened the widening ot the upper part had become imperative. Bridge-st. was a most important thoroughfare, and was the main road between Lancashire arid Cheshire. The Borough Surveyor, in answer to the Inspector, said the width of the street that had been widened was 50ft., including the footpaths. The width of the foot- paths varied. On the weA side they were 10ft., and on the east side 13ft. and 141 t. Continuing, the Town Clerk said that for nearly 30 miles the only vehicular bridge of communication ' between the two counties was Warrington Bridge, and practically up Bridge-st. In 1834 they had not a single hackney carriage or 'bus licensed for hire ;now they had , 66 licensed hackney carriages and 'buses, with an equal number of drivers. 'Buses frequently travelled up and down the street. The resolution with reference to the widening of the street was unanimously car- ried by the Council. All the statutory re- qoirements had been complied with. The pro- perty owners had been approached, and there was a probability of coming to terms with some of them. One shop in the block proposed already belonged to the Corporation. There were eleven houses of the labouring class in the district, but there were plenty of houses in the town of a class similar to _those it was rroposed to pull down. There were 31 occupants :altogether. Eight of the cottages had been reported upon by the Medical Ofiller as unfit for numan habitation. Six of the eight cottiges were occupied. Toe Borough Surveyor said it was proposed to make a new street from Friars'-gate to Rylands-street, to get the back portion of the land into the market for build- ing purposes. The length proposed to be widened in Bridge-street was 213 lineal feet. The total area of land to be acquired was 4,652 square yards. and the land to be given no for street purposes 1,920 square yards, leaving 2,732 square yards for re-sale. Ha considered the total cost of purchasing the property -marked on the entire area, if they were bound to proceed by arbitration (it was quite anticipated that many of the properties I would be purchased without, which would reduce the cost very materiall7) at £31,189, and for re-sale, old ' materials, &e., £B,23s,leaviug a total cost of £22.954. The Inspector asked if anyone present wished to question the Borough Surveyor. Mr. Arthur Br )wne, solicitor, said he represented "The Warrington Property Owners' Asscciation," which consisted of more than 100 members. The assoeiatien was increasing daily, and represented 2,000 rated houses. Replying to the Inspector, the Town Clerk said that there were 10,535 inhabited houses in the borough. Mr. Browne asked Mr. Longdin if it was not a fact that between 500 or 600 houses were empty in War- rington at the present time. The Surveyor said he was not son of the fact. There was no doebt a large number empty. Mr. F. R. Roberta, solicitor, on behalf of Mr. Toft, baker ane confectioner, of Bridge Street, asked Mr. Longdin how tar back the Corporation intended to set the building line, and was informed that the distance would be 50 feet. The Inspector (to Mr. Roberts).—Your client's property is to be taken up altogether. The inquiry shortly afterwards terminated.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
ORDER OF D UIDS.-WARRINGTON EQUALTZ ED DISTRICT.

PRESENTATION TO A BLIND MEMBER.

In the old Masonic Room, Sankey Street, on Wednes- day last week a meeting of the memt era of the above 0-der was convened in order to meet the Grand Secret- ary and Grand Treasurer of the Order of Druids Friendly Society who C,lme to present the award of the Accident Compensation Fund to Brother George Ogden of the Mermaid Lodge, he having lost his sight by paralysis of the eyes caused by his employment as a fiatman. The award was granted by the Board of Management. 'rhere was a good attendance of members of the War- ington district branch, and the chair was taken by Samuel Dimbobbin, D G.M. who was supported by Grand Secretary Brother John Westall and Grand Treasurer. Brother Godfrey Fligharn, and officers of the Warrington district. In a brief speech the Chairman commented in feeling terms upon the sad calamity that had fall-m upon Brother Orden who had lost his sight while still a young man of 36, with a wife and family to support. Brother 02den had been 16 years in the Society and though he had only paid one penny a year for sixteen years to the Accident Compensation Fund, be would now receive in return the handsome sum of £4O —Brother G. Fligharn mentioned that this was the first time the sum of £4O had been awarded from the fund, 120 having hitherto been the amount. He then presented the amount to Brother Ogden who feelingly acknowledged the donation, and the grand secretary, Brother Natal!, then gave an interesting address. The meeting was brought to a close with votes of thanks to the visitors.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
LITTLE SANKEY PARISH COUNCIL _ THE EXTENSION OF THE BOROUGH.

DEFINITE DECISION. • meeting of the Li tie Sankey Parish Council was held at the vestry of the Wesleyan Schoolroom, on Thursday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr. R. B. Mat- thews, and there were also present, Messrs. W. Brough. r. Greenwell, S. Williamson, J. Corradine, F. Massey, B. Grimsha w, Jackson, G. Thompson (district Council- lor for the township), and T. Tumitail (clerk). It was stated that the cost of the recent election was £2s,and it was resolved to levy a penny rate,which is ex- pected to produce £3O. A letter was read from the Town Clerk of Warrington, in which he submitted to the Parish Council the proposals of the Corp-iration with regard to the inclusion of the township of Little Sankey in the proposed extended borough. The Cor- poration offered the ratepayers the differential scale of rates for 15 years as follows :—a, for 5 years after the date of incorporation the ratepayers will he exempt from payment of the improvement rate ; b, for a fur- ther period of five years th e ratepayers are to be exempt from lof the improvement rate ; e. for a still further period of five years the ratepayers will he exempt from of the improvement rate. It was considered that these terms were advantageous to the townskip,as they would lead to a reduction of the present rates for 5 years. Further, the Corporation will pave the the footpath on the south side of the Liverpool-road within six months after the incorporation and the foot- path on the north side within two years of the same. They also undertake to pave Gatewharf-street as far as the railway crossing and the footpath at St. Luke's Church will also be made good. It has not been theught desirable to increase the number of Town Councillors and therefore, it will be impossible to give the district a separate councillor and the township will be joined to St. Austin's ward which will then have 1134 burgesses. The township will also be properly patrolled by the borough police and the inhabitants will in other ways have all the advantages of the present burgesses of the Borough. They will have a free library and a free fire brigade ; the price of gas will he reeuceri and also that of water ; burial fees will be lowered one half and the Corporation will endeavour to provide a free play ground. After a long discussion it waa decided on the motion of Mr. Corra.fline, seconded by Mr. Greenwell, to accept the offer of the Corporation subject to the ap- proval of the parish meeting which would be called on Thursday. February, 28. h. This was all the bipiness.

BR WISH LH Sufferers from Gr Ye% Lumbago. Piles. Pains In the flack, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys. Bladd,r Stone. Sciatica, Rheumatism +ma Gout wi I Had is rot Ur,. Ore in Ho'royd's Gravel Pi D. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be Pri els i. of all Chemists, or post free for stamps, from Hormolrp's Medical Hall, elieckheiti-cm, Yorks. Do i't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a be: will be ut next poet.—Adv.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
vs .c__

SATURDAY FEBRUAPY 16 1895.

CONVENTION OF THE Y.P.S.C.E.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GENUINE "NEW WOMAN."

The latest ent stir eit under the "New Woman's " harmer is Mrs. E M ,ke, of 22, Union-street. Wells, , Somerset. She ogei..:e empires the new with the old and what it really means, and it throws a new light on the subject. If this is what is meant by the "New Woman," no husband can object, for not only is her happiness enhanced, but his eomfort, for what is more conducive to home comfort ;hen a cheerful, enereetic, contented, healthy wife? She writes: " Nine weary months of ilLness redeeed me to a skeleton. For twenty years I had been subject to slight attake of drecoy and weakness of the heart, wh oh in February, 1891, culmin- ated in a serious permenent athae.k of dropsy. In Mareh following I managed to get to the General H)spital. Bristol, but the doctor who attended me said the. journey was extremely dangerous te me in my present condition, gave me medicine, and wrote my attending doctor with reference to my case. The pains at my heart were relieved, but the dropsy he could not touch—in fact, admitted as much, saying he cou'd give me no hopes of !Mug. In April my son persuaded me to try Warner's "Sgfe " Cure. The first few doses seemed to do no good, but a persistent use, througk the earnest prayers of me children, began to effect improve- ment, and instead 01 throwing up my hands and gasp- ing for breath, the dropsical ewelling subsided, breath- ing became easy, and my health restored sufficiently to allow me to assist my husband in his work. This was three years ago last October, which gives ample time to prove teat the cure of the dropsical swelling was per- manent, and I am a 'New Woman."

===== 0002601_18950216_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
INDEPENDENT LABOUR PARTY.

THE PROBLEM OF LIFE. MEETING AT EARLESTOWN.

A largely attended meeting under the auspices of the Eirlestown branch of the Independent Labour party, was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown, on Mon- day evening. Mr. William Gee,of Warrington, prodded and there were present on the platform Mr. James Sexton (Labour C)rreepondent to the Board of Trade) and Labour Candidate for lehton-under-Lyne, Me-are. Schofield, Swarebrick, Gray, France, Roughley, Wright, Miller and Fairolough,—The Chairman said he was pleased to see so many present and if they were not all ' socialists there was some possibility ef m +king people socialists who took the trouble to come, particularly if they were open to conviction. Mr. J. Sexton said his subject, "The Problem of Life," might require some explanation of what was meant. Thee' problem of life " was the problem which at present faced most of them, the reason why Gal's creatures men, women, and children were not allowed to live a life of decency and of comfort, in the richest cities, and the richest empires of the world, not from the partisan point of view, bigoted point of view of Independent Labour, nor of Tory or Liberal, but of a human being recognising the right of every human be- ing to live out hie life to a natural and logical conclu- sion. (Hear; hear.) Having gone thus tar, he would examine what claim man, woman, or child had to live, and the basic upon which he 13 ised his argument was the argument of the enemy of Socialism, the argument that was advanced from every pulpit in the land, the argument of the political economist who based his politi- cal economy on Grices Word,and he was content to build the basis of his Socialism on God's Word. If they took the first chapter of the Bible, going no further than Genesis, they found that in the beginning of the world God made man ; he placed him on the earth and said, "All these things I give unto you, the birds of the air, the fishes of the sea are thine for ever, go thou, there- fore, be fruitful and multiply." Suppose they took stock? Where were they to-day ? The multiplication was all right so far as they were concerned. There were, a good many of them there that day, more than there were when Adam and Eve entered the Garden of Eden. andithe birds of the air,the beasts of the field, and ihe fishes of the sea had gone on and multiplied in propor- tion, but what about the division ? Did it nut strike them that there was something wrong there. Take the land. Three elements were necessary for man's exist- ence, land, pure air, and food, and enough of it. Those three elements were indispensable to men, women, and children living their life. He would take the and. There were 72 million acres of land in Great Britain, and there were 39 millions of people, mostly Liberals and Tories. (Laughter.) The 72 million acres given to man by God for his use for ever were owned by less than half of one million, the other 28 millions being by them shut out. He had heard it said by workingmen politicians that they could live without the land. One of the most necessary elements far man's existence was the land, which was now monopolised by a very small minority of the peeple. The question of pure air was essentially necessary for the existence of human beings. Had they got good air? He slid not know how they were situated in Earlestown, but they did not get pure air in the Liverpool slums •, they did not get pure air in I the factories, or in the chemical works, because the I basis upon which society rested at present neeessitated that man should be shut out from the land in the first 'instance, so that somebody else might have both land land pure air who do not produce anything. Then there I was the question of food. Did they get enough food, if they did how came it that a million and a half men, representing three times as many human beings, had not sufficient fool wherewith to live from one day to another. The argument of their enemy was " you Socialists do not understand the political economy of the day,which rests itself upon the good, sound, commercial law of supply and demand." There was the natural law of supply and demand, which was the only one they were willing to recognise. On the one hand there was a natural demand for food of nearly four millien human beings, and on the other hand there was a commercial supply . . .

wherewith to keep these human beings in existence. What kept the two elements from coining together P That was the question they wanted to ask themselves very seriously. (A Voice : ' House of bords.") No,it was not the House of Lords ; that was only a very small item in the matter. The House of Commons had more 1 to do with the question than the House of Lords. The ; greatest sinner was the House of Commons, which ' represented the capitalist class of this ceuntryil A Voice :(" we are not having that"). He was not coming there to denounce either the House of Lords or House of Commons, nor capitalist, because they were all creatures of circumstances and of environment. The duty of I.L.P. men waste be sure of their ground,before they struck out, and then they could launch e.ut 89 much as they liked. If the law of supply and demand cut one way, it would surely cut another.--"rake the factory system of to day. They were coming nearer and nearer every day to a climax in the textile industries they were sending away from this country, a large a- mount of machinery to China, India, America, and other places to he placed in factories to enable them to turn out products which used to be supplied by this country. The wages in the textile trades were going down, the fac- tories were bound to shut up, and if they were not able to find work in other directions fur those interested in textile work, he was afraid there was goiug to In a big row. The million and a half of starving people knocking at the doers of the legislative chamber would grow to seven millions. Twenty millions of land only, under cultivation in England out

of a possible 72 milli-ms—was not that an eloquent fact that the men were driven from land to compete with their brethren in the factories, in the coal pits, in the dock yards, ind other places. The proper utilisation ot the land would find work For three times the number who were starving to-day. Why was the land not utilised ? The natural conclusion they arrived at was that the men who were responsible for the present system, found it totheir interest to keep it as it was,so that they could al- ways have more than enough men to do the necessary amount of work required to be done. He was a trade unienist,and he believed in trade unionism. He believed It was a gool thing, and had &lee a lot in the past 50 years, hut if one third of the 90 million pounds that had been spent by trades unionists in 50 rears, had been spent in sending trades unir nists to Parliament. to Di. trict Councils, and Boards of Guardians,they would have been in a better pnaltinn to-day than they were, from an industrial point of view. Their plea for the nationa- lisation of machinery was equal to that for the nationa- lisation of the land. They could very well do without the capitalist. lie could pack up as soon as be liked, becalm when he had gone the land would still be there,

and from the land spra—ng all the necessary elements oi capital. Wealth was the product ot labour, am' withou, lablur there could be no wealth. The policy of socialism' was, " that he doeth no work, neither shall he eat, the man who does work shall be assured a life of decency and comfort." The men who did all the work at present , produced all things, did not live a life of decency and comfortmil the men who did not produce them lived a life of luxury and splendour. (near, hear.). Several questions were put at the close of the address, asked by members of the audience, chiefly bearing on the House of Lords, and the payment of members. Mr. Gilmour said if there was a general election, he wanted the I.L.P to fight either Liberal or Conserva- tive. and not tight indepsndentle when there were tWC) candidates in the Anil. The difficulty would be in ruin- ing a third man.—W. Sexton said the Labour party had a right to nnmlnate a man even if there were seven can- didates in the Ther had the right, and they were going to exercise it in spi'e of Liberal or Tory. The meeting shortly afterwards terminated.

WORTH HNOWINGI.—WOODEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS. is I boon to sufferers and sets like magic in all cages Of IifIEUMATISM, PIAINS, BRUISES, and STIFF JOINTS Pri:e Is. 4d. ver bottle, carriage paid.—J.Woonven chemist. 22 Pitt•-•trePt. Liveroool.—Adrt.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Th. fiAh-hooki naed to-day Are of preciaely the same shape of thosA P m phyed twenty centuries ago. The onl; clifferene ; in the material. Then they were of bronze ; now they are of sle .1.

TO LADIES WEIO WOULD BE WELL.

Do you won% Isecalise you look so 1-7-taTa7 pale, with lips almost white and feel as thow.th nothing could restore you to vigorous hippy life ? If so, take Cockburn's Tonic Blood Pills and stop worrying. They make cheeks like roes and delicate ladie4 strong. or all chemists in hoses at is., 24. 61., and 44. 61., or per post 2d. extra direct from the makers, COCKBURN'S DRUG STORE, Fl,lward-st., Glasgow. Agent for Runcorn : Messrs SPEAKMAN BROS., 7, High-st., Warrington: Boors, Limited.

“TOBWOOSISTS OutriMelleillg” 111 d, guide C 4.9 pag.a ..>LI TOBACCONIST.I. 00.-186, Buston-ioad,London. manager, Hr. MYERS Hst. 1866. on&

===== 0002601_18950216_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
"ST. PAUL IN ROME."

A lecture in connection with the Y.P.S.C.E. of Bold. ' at. Wesleyan Church, was given upon the above subject ' on Monday evening, by the Rev. G. D. Mason, in the B iid-st. Wesleyan sch oolroom. There was a fair &Used- a nce. The lecture, which was a very interesting one, was iilestreted by limelight views, the lantern manipu- lator being Mr. D. A. Stone. In the course of his lecture, Mr. Marion said that he did not think it worth while to trouble his hearers with references to the vari- ous authorities upon the subject, and he would proceed at once with his remarks. Amid all the dim and waver- ing traditinns concerning other apostles and their con- nec' ion with Rome, one figure stood out distinct end undeutited. It was tee figure of St. Paul. No criticism or scepticism of modern times had ever questioned the perfect autnent ieity re that last chapter of the Acts of tne Ap steles which gave this account of his journey, stage by stage till he set font within the walls of the city. The apostles would enter Rome by the Appian Way, the oldest, and most renowned of all the wonder- ful roads whereos the Romans bound the ends of the earth to the eternal city. For miles the Appian Way was one long avenue ef death. Burial in the city was for- bidden and it teerefore became the custom of the power- ful families of R one to bury their dead by the side of the great roads. Mr. Meson then went on to describe the various places of inrerest to be met with along the i Appian Way, and also the caraconabs. The apostle would niter Rens by the Porte Capene and would then be delivered up to the Putinun Guards, where he would ' be handed over to the proper authorities to be dealt with. After his case had been formally reported, he was given as large a measure of liberty as was possible to -ice whose appeal to the emperor had yet to be heard. Such appeals were slow processes. It might be years before the case was tried. There are cnly traditions sites of the epistle's dwelling place to be seen now. In al probability,SePaul took lOgings with some Jew,perhaps with Aquite and Priscilla or perhaps Pudens. It mignt be taken for granted that his lodging was not far from the Jewish settlement, which was the famous Ghetto, and derived from a Hebrew word meaning cast off, or abandoned. In the time of St. Paul, the Jews of R esei were a most important and powerful colony. Under their friend and pritetitor Julius Crew, they had in- creased with iticredible repidity, and their influence quickly became felt in the palace of the emperer itself. They were, however, always held by the Romans as objects of intense abh irrence and disdain. It. is generally believed that about the year 64 AD., St. Paul.% was brought up for 'll4 and was acquitted and liherated For two years more he was free to prosecute his mis- sionary lateens, and seems to have travelled once more to the east if not to Spun. Very soon after he ha l left Rome there occurred that disastrous ere, the blame of which Nam cast up in the Christians, and which led to their first awful prosecution. It was impossible that the founder of the church should escape, and orders were sent to Asia ti it Paul should be arrested and brought to Rome. Us seems to have been arrested at Troy. He WAS sent to Ephesus for trial, and once mere he appealed unto Car. This time, however, Nero had determined te make short work of Christians, and it was probable that but little time woule elapse before his mockery ef a trial, in a court already determined oa his death Ha Roman citizenship would serve him how- ever for the usual terrors which accompanied capital punishment in Remit, and his sentence was that he alieuld be beheaded. On the day of execution the Apostle was taken out of his cell by tho guard. Fis nearly three miler; beyond the gates the sad proctaion walked along the busy read between Rome and her p irt of Ostic. Littls did the gnarl think that they were ! marching in a proeessioa more really triumphant than any they had ever followed in the train of general or • emperor along the Sacred Way. For that prisoner was marching along a nobler Sacred War to a noble Capital. His captivity at, tat Was over. The heroic soul was soon to drop the citaie of that feeble body. Paul the snobs'- stint had at length fulfi led his long mission. Re had now arrived at the palace of his King, he had come unto Mount Zion, unto the city of the living God, to the heavenly Jerusalem, and to the innumerable company r of angels. The word of the executioner fleshed for one moment, and the spirit of Paul made perfect wet for ! ever with the Lord.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
DICKENS' " CHRISTMAS CAROL."

RECUAL AT THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL..

Though not large, there was a fair and fashionable at- tendance at the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-at., on Mon- day evening, when Mr. John Harwood, of Blanchester, gave an admirable recital of Dickens" "Christmas Carol " far the benefit of the Cairo-st. Sehool Extension. The chair was taken by the Mai or (Councillor James Fair- dough), who after introducing Mr. Harwood, retired amongst the audience. The evening's programme was divided into four leaves or chapters arranged as followi: —Stave I. : Marie, 's Ghost appears to old Scrooge us Christmas Eve, and warns him as to the future in store unless he changes his mode of living. Stavell. : " The Ghost of Christmas Pest " ; The shadows of the thing. that have been ; Scrooge's Childhood ; Old Fezaiwig's Christmas Ball ; The Parting. Stave " The Gliest of Christmas Po sent " ; Beb Cratchit'e Christmas Dinner ; Poor " Tiny Tim " ; The Party at Scrooge's Nephew'e and the game of " thindmati's Buff" ; The two little children," Ignorance " and " Want." Stave IV. : " Ihe Ghost of Christmas yet to !come " ; The Merchants o- 'Change ; Old Jee arid the Ragshop ; Death of "Tiny Tim "; The neglected Grave, aad Scrooge's Appeal to the Ghost : The Awakening and Transformation. Dickens' o'Chri,tmae Carol "is too well known and too much admired to need any explanation, hut still in jus- tice to the elocutionary skill evinced by the reciter, some comment is necessary. To commence with Mr. n irwand clearly showed by the wonderful inflections of voice he was capable °tend also the manner in which he could transform the ape pearance of his factures for the further enhancement of his interpretation of each cearacter, that elocution was net the limit of his powers. In the, first stave his imitation of Scrooge's cross-grained surliness. was only exceeded by that of the t eme person's newly awak-n rid terror at th. appearance. in ehoetty array, of his seven years' defunct patner, Jecoh Marley, whose impressive warning changes Scrooges jocose incredulity into tern r and dismay. Etch 'nc dent in Stave 2 was brought nut with vivid reality by the reciter who had now cap, ured and afterwards retained the full interest of his audience. Scrooge, as represented by hina was thoroughly compatihle with his r,haracter as conceived by Do:kens, and the hearer eag rly followed the development of termer' feeling in Scrooge's heart, as ' startled into existence by the visions of the past laid before him.—Childhond's recollections were turning hi. Mind into new chennels. Stave 3 brought Mt Har Need's elocutionary powers into tullr play and his imperoonee tion of the varied characters assembled at Bob Cratchit's Christmas dinner called forth smiles and applauee,being , almost sufficient to persuade the hearer thet e.ch indivi- I dual represented was a personal aquaintance. The joy and merriment present with the diners &need itself am .eg the audience who were, however, fully appreciative of Scrooge's asides, as he fast became penitent. Save, 4 was the most impressive of ell.and when after able e l- ing 'with the first visit of Scrooge and the those e turns to The Ragsnop and Old Joe, a burst of an, hie., greeted the reciter's interpretation of the diffi chw - actor of the latter. This was indeed Mr. Harwoodes triumph,—the bent fieure, trembling hands, quavering voice, and dry chuckle of Old Joe were pourtrayed life. Tiny Tim's death was produced with all its touch- ing pathos fully revealed and intensified, but the grand finals came with Scrooge's appeal to the ghost over ote neglected grave. Here is his final and complete repent- ance. the coming which is witnessed throughout the recital. The.swalritning and transformation with which the recital cleiees, formed-a fitting and happy finish to an evening's undoubted enjorment. Before leaving the room the Rev. W. H. Drummond, BA., expressed the indebtedness of the audience to Mr Harwood for his recital and to the Mayor and Mayoress ' for having graced the gathering with their presence. He thought those who had listened to Mr. Harwood that night would hope it would not be lone before he again c ame to Warrington. (Hear, hear,and applause.) The Mayer respending, expressed his appreciation of the recital.

The ofilin'ed are resmenfully rintfisi thstM. B. J. SHERMAN If ,•ni.. Sy: t I L. ivil emti 016 t or etl,e ,t his OLD ,n Ostr ll Cit CHAMBERS to uanteq, 26. KINGa IR Er num .14 the W11.,.1e of the vear 189$ • wher• i.elf •I mg ht. tro .m. 41 Ne.sesLLED SatiCES• 111 C 8 reat- nient of the VI AsY Tit •U.A.litia woo are ap..dra to I.lm for relief and cur ot nip Ire at a Kt ‘l3-4TREET, NIC,ICHOSTER. London ddr-s• 61. t t..orr whers h" eleads ALTiR.T Ps 1,1 &end bt nip ior ts NEW &felt OM 11UPTUlta iii nVit-r ns-fut miormation. fIOW FR.e 4 ~HaRGIE. j NOTE. -fits ouR wiebess In MAteR airlift is '46 KING-OPREET, ; which' Bit Icy .051 005 i:slf Mel I I'AUTION lit OAUTIoN 111 B- ore f u.l.rui in iiniatqld- tug ,lvrtliemeluls :Vhfi fipne,,rin: in Manchester and ether Edison, when bps deeply absorbed in work consumes nrW Pshais. MI no be deceived. His olau only &la ass about twenty cigars a day; when he is less active mint- li. danch-st,r is 26, Ki:nr,- t.. ti.i r ITI Inner .t, at oa othor a. Ily, about ten. They are always strong cigars. The °`' inventor Rapt that this excessive smoking has never, $O . ter. 48. J SHFRSSAN is the tiny per:on liff.fahrsa 'MI I: sames- tar as he can discover, done him any harm. His larnil•; who h ~ar, .heater hr Borne vears past, and ho has been one of amokrts, his grandfather, who lived to is the seta I iolinly pershll who has effec e I the ~,olderfal be one hundred sad three, having been an inveterate itsh,ln,' Car-. i Lanehreter and elbewhere throughout,. Smoker and a chewer of totacco as well. , Great I.lrlt.i• skirling that period.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
X STOP ONE MOMENT.

"Ob dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for ray Children's Coughs and Cohis ? ThY.

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chept Throat, and Longs. It never fails tu give instant relief and does not cunt i Laalanutn, Opium, or Morphia.

RCONONIISII YOUR RFIALCII. tIItALTIi IS TH

Fl EST WEALTH:

An will are engaged in outdoor and indoor oommation,'sed are especially o 'taisod to tho ever vtrying climate 0: Great Britain, Bt i INl•alfi IN TIME I Don't tamper with Danger but go straight away for

DOR IVILLIAMS' Tu

PATHNT

BALSAM OF HONEY.

Zr IS INVAT.UkBLE for sveak-chested nvm, delicate women, snu chhdren. it cures when ail other remedies fall. it cures Co ighs, Colds. Brou-tntis. kat lona. Ti it e, of the Chest. It cures thousands of &aid ell of Dom hills and Whooping C ,u4hs. I cures for One -.h.t lag ailed l'ositals hay, been spent in vain. DO TRY IT I If you have a Cough. try It; it you hive a Cuhi. try it ; if you h4ve 13,oneh.liv, try it. It to wen.. h • P.ilegro add pro- mos es expectoration, produles warmth a I tornfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you Is .v e 1..,5t nights of rest,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON. •

NOW COMMENDS° BY PHYSICIANS AND SUKOSOSS.

When su are distressed by t mis-rable cold, nose bunged up. threst sore, linshs act,in. with a scenersl fest,n; A erhoth ' erin4 a few cl ises of the liaisons of Honey will clear the WrrtChe.lBymptchei away aim sst. -f.sre yo t know it. There is nothiag licie it ou the msrket ;it la thorou.olly up t date; it t,i3,les into) all the system. A true &Wild, prompt and reliable io its action. JUST ANOTHRR WORD. When you ask or nen I hi. TUDOR NuArrots' P&TIVir BALRAIR or HONEY do nut allow an vt.o iv t pei tie you I. Pu (lima soup th ng eiso If you oo you Blindly throw off this g Want, article ani tilt,. on with a false one. Woldertul Curos Ddly. Thousands of Testinsuni Is to hia,l trona all parts of the World.

:READ OF FORMER. SPONTANSOUS TiIiTIVONY WORTHYIOF YOUX

CONSIDIftUFION.

SIA.—M'. wife desires me to say +li it your Tudor Williams BalsAin or !to iey 11 spr lis nee valu We in 3ij our lam) tamily (e get children). As so it Ili a 4,4).40 or a m dies i's appetraole 4 ,lio3 or l'u lo4's Ides am 14 at o ice administo, ed, rnd his treat tient is fo lowed up until the etill disapismrs. B•tore u frig the B ilaam in ur tami.y eh. child-Arti have Wen prostrate with c )1 is for 4.-Yerallweeits, bat now, by t uui 10,es• as directe4 th y seem ti suff :r very title i noon yeaien.).- Iltrinz the short time the c is u.xis them the action ot the Balsa n I. in oryelloiii, an I the little ones take it read; y arid it'll for more. WALTH it J. BTIItTT, CAI.,

Ileactina.ter 6evern Turin March 16th, 1892.

READ ON srILL FURTHEIt.

A Carlin' C'lemi,f 9aws tHre laraer sales for 'rude Willitro's fi,Narnof Honey Ulla any otli•q. Coup. Oume, Th .t's inn,. opinion of all chemints.

PUBLIC ),lEN SPFU{ 111-111 TX OF IT ALL OVER THE WOELD. Dow!oh, Merthyr Tydfil,

Glamorgin, .lify, 1892. Dia 9t11,-1 must. writ9tiay ttit votn• Tudor Williams BMi SUM of Honey 'or 0 melt is ths tier. w r htd in the haw. My to iv Dav:d WO a c.iugh which slieo,c hint tr enk top to toe, couldn't iideep at night, for it, an nil hr STII vow, else hi the house sl .ep ',emu ‘e of his Imrkiiig A few dos-s of naka, II of ito.iey positively cured hi in ; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID JON, EQ., High Constable.

544 by all Cherniiti 4.1 ',was ,4it over hi 1,17.)r1d I Is. 14.2 e gd,i'l3o, 4s 6d bottles. Sunple NMI ((sent ;..ost Pftid for 13 31 is. and Its, tees the Inveutor. TUDOR WILLIA NIS, R.D.S.L.,

D.

MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE.

WALHS.

TSCANDESCENT OAS LIGHT. WB MA CH - - -

SYSTRX

pCANDESUENT GAS LIGLIT. w BAC H SYSTEX. INCANDESCENT GAS LIM

WELSBAOII 818111 Ii.

avEs 50 PEE CENT. IN OAS.

11VEF-1 50 PER CENT. IN GAR.

SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

SIX VALID ottiAdO.sti ?Ott Ird ADOPTION. I. It saves half your gas bill. 2. It gives you treble the present light. 3. hew be attached to exiting gut fir,tings. 4. The light is clean. cool. steady. and brilliaat. 6. It do a away with the Impurities of gas. O. It is pleassnr. simp!e, ad ec,,tinmicaL

THE MOST PERPHCf LIGHT. SUPERIOR Ti) SLE6TRIO LIGHT. AT ONII RIOFITH THH 008 T.

Prices and full part °Wars on apptioAtlors to the foil wing .tgents: WARRINGTON : CALDWELLS. LIMIT IC I). 61. Horeemarket-street. li•HLF.s.rows Mrs. B. NNBI)HAV. ST. llgtzate: R. G. BROOK, Wolverhtmptea House. RUNCORN : H. BRANCH, 109, Ge,enwaylßead. Winses : H. BRANCH, Conte d Hotel.

CADBURYS' C 0001.—" A suitable food alike for building up the growing by. aud for r«ptiritnr the waste whielb is incidental to eh processes of life."—•' Health."

SOVEREIGN lIEVEDIES FOR SKIN ERITPTI ONS To Cu e Eczema, Skis Eruptions, Irritation, Pim- ples, Blotches, Ulcerates! Bad Legs and Sores, use LLLIV ICE S SKIN OINTMENT ANb BLOOD TABLETS. WORLD-WIDE RIPUTAIION Ritherr Ointment or 'l'abb-t. la fol., from all Chemists post free Is. 31. from MARTI N. Chemist, SoithimptOn. Aw nts 800 8. Cash Ch,•mista, Warrington. st'HAICSIAN 27. Bridge-14., ihmooro.

T OWLE'SCHLORODYNE A it„ror and tale T 0 WLE'SC HLORO DYNE i„„,„xLy T OW LESCHLORODYNE ___ELIEVMS ToWLE'SC HLORODY NE COUGHS, T OWLE'SCHLORODYNE "a' BRONCHMS., TOWLETHLORODYNE coNiu TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE ASTHMA., T OWLE'SCHLORODYNE DIA T WU'S CHLORODYNE SPASMS.' ac!. NA. per Beide. A. P. TOWLE. MAI4CHESTEIL.

flit I link.jtst4l be wost al,used Wiarn MATCHLESS CLEANSbR SOAP IR Ilfled

RIIPTIJRE CURED. itUPTURE LIIItv.D. Itt:PWRI3 CIIRSD

===== 0002601_18950216_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- ~•..,• •

===== 0002601_18950216_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Etn " Cranium" Orritt

_ PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. I coming under the following wows ‘.re inserted in ALL the i above-mentioned Papers for ONB CHARGE. as per scale given below. SITUATI4NS WANTED, A.PARTMEVPS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT. PARTNERI•HIPS WAR- ED, APARTMENTS W ANTED , MONET WAXED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY Pa_varx CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES T, BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. ' 18 ...... Os 6d ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 27 36 45 64 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 28. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Elomeatt gotrbantsl Bct.

IV ALM 111), a GIRL to as: ist in hoc ework, gocvl home.— Address 24, 13, ton-st , Hulme, Manchester.

ANThD, a Nurse Uhild. Good home.—Apply Mrs. B. DANIELS. ?ark-lane, Poynton, near Stockport.

RE ',KRAL RVAN I (good) WANTED, from the country proferred.—Mns. Nlcei.u.,KLE, Itton Villa, Lord-street. ford.

WANTED. strolls,. country girl about 18 as general: good home, wages 5. —22O,STOCKPORT-ROAD, LEVENS- HIILHE MANCHESTER.

I_BNI4 HAL (c ean, active) Wanted ; mu3t be able to wash aad pan cLiek ; tamily three.-15, AIRLIE-ROAD. HOYLAICE.

Q.ELFCT REGISTRY ror Male ant. Fernal, Servants—MlSS CH IMES, Arti,t in adies' 1-1 dr, Fancy Gunde, for Baskar Catering .te.—l3 Legli-ata, et, Warrington.

WANTIA). Good GENERAL SERVAINT,F., etc., good Situa ions louud. No charge,— Apply Mrs. WILLIAMS, 4 Broek-str et, C.-ou-M., Manchester.

ANTlif), a good GENBRAL for pubic; one that can V,V wash, wi oo character • good wagea ; family of tlicee,—Ad•,re.a 111, Przices,-sr., 'Mache,ter. VI/ANTED, a Genera: SHIIVAN well trained, able to V V cook and wash ; private house.7-Apply Mrs. ASHBY, !dr.', Llandudno.

WANTED. good GHNERAL SnItVANT ; honest nod cle4n; age anJut. 18. COVPLAND, Grocer, high-st. Yendon,

Leeds.

AA!' ANT BD l, experienced iaBNEatA for Temperince Eat- ing Hue lbcrween 18 and 20. Go d appearance Atiply Mrs. BIBBY, hating House, riinshaw-str.et, Burnley.

ANice home for a iIifiINERAL SIiRVANT, four in the family ; wegt-s £l2; also tor another one ; wages £l5. —Sirs Disfee. Select Registry. 54. Coins-road. Burnt, y.

WANTI.D. indied ataly, good COOK. £26. also plain Cooks and several Generals.--Apply to Miss BURGESS. The Registry, Wilmslow.

WANTED IMMEDIATELY. Experienced hou-iemaid Wait resses Zia to .£2O. Cooks and Superior Servants prom ply suiteel.—Miss HUDSON'S Registry, Irlam-street, War- ripaton - - _

WANTRD, at once r2spectable young PERSON, to do the word of small house, washing, stite wages, age, etc—Mrs. ROBIN:ION, 3, Withington-road, Brooks Bar; Mauchester.

TNIPottTANT TO LLD!: S. —Disengaged Cooks, House- maids, Nurses. s4ewingrn,id., Generals. 'servants, imme- ,y suited, stamp for particulars—CENTßAL RS019111:1% &rham. rAny wishes t) recommend her GA.KIMNBR. Would like ?ituation under a good heed gardener. Leaving for r.o fault.—Address DiTuts, The Warren, Broughton. sear Chester.

eiGOICS, Kitchenmaids, Helps, Housomaidg, Parlanrmaids. Nisrsoi, General Servant-. Butlers, Coachmen, Footmen, GOOSIVI, Gardeners, requiring Situations irs London or cntry hotel or pr ,te.—W rite bits, COSTER, registry, Gloucester.

WANTED. a Situation as Gardener ; sing!e-lianded or ottierwiae ; ma-ried ; nine years' experience in good places; can e welt recommended.— Apply to HEAD GARDEN). D, Baten Hall, ongleton. _ _

-V- ANTHD, Situation aii Single-handed COACHMAN. I. ird Zi g through people going abroad, good character- URrial", B*br,harn, CArnbs.

MR'. ROPPRR. Re4istry Office. Burton-on-Trent, has a good Vother's help or Sewing maht, learnt the dre”ssakinz ; also a Read _Nurse, under Nurse, and Home- Maid, diengagrd.

inloaCH WIN wants SITUATION. Tietroughly experi• eneed with hunters and hirness, h trses. breaking ate , 14 years first-e;apt reteeenees. Married, aged 33.—5. FINNEY, Hilt Top, Kendal Westmoreland.

ad V LN *U 11c1.11iS I 11871 Ilrr a bllO i. btb .1 1100 e /Ate i‘tants. 'dental, Medical, and Monthly busses, Massage, sppli or ,dlegraish. " Nurses." Liver Pool. A lephone, bit:.

MIDLAND •RIOTSIRY OFFICE DRNBY.—Patronised by nobility and geotry.—Wanted Cooks, £2O to £4: ; latch, n mat ds. Scullery maid Par lour ma ids, housemaids, House Parlourmaids, Laundrymaids, Under Nurses. All classes of Men eervants disengaged.

A GIINTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery Oils. sal- Liberal Commieslon.—Box 31. Post Office, Liverpool. , (Old) WANTED. Value per rettirn A RTIFICIAL TERTH l. All comasuiricat one under oover.—Mn. CONSTANT, 13s Claphim Pan( ROSA, London. Q.ENTS WANTED. —Watches. Clocks, Jewellery, ICnivesi Ala spoons, bardries, Ac.—A. SAMBROOK, Ateniinen•St.. Si eli. WANTBD, beierses from Lumbago or Dropsy to send li litAllipe for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Buxton, _---- XMITHD ontireobargo of chiM about 3, or would adopt ; • abate forms. Yrs. Barr ERROR 111, Bentley Hail. . Flory. yeirria KI A WANTED, 2'46 per quarter. !mid wee:Ay, splend il openinx ; specimens teem—Address C 041460 Wigg, Pornworbtl, Bolton, Lalioa. - -

Q&WITARY IfISPIICTOWS V-XAMINATIONS.—IteIiaVio IJ €OACI. For ful particular and tuition fete write. Sitars Lair qtaroz.l7B, Burough-road, Birkenhead.

Ibisei

Gi ROOM, under Coachntan.—Situation Wanted; age 19 ighteen months' ref eren ee. —W. SUTCLIFFE, 12, Routh Grove, Drooklands, Manehtater. itc/116(eleCTIN LIPN INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED, 1, I,l4nbing4on-rt., Liverpon , require an stoat; an ,entUstis paAking man wil be liberally treated.

1)00JCS. Books. Music. WANTED, SECOND-HAND, -14 blown or country.—d. H. !LIILLI3II, lti, Grail Jackson- Mil me, Blancloiter.

rBACCONISTM eamainenoing. lll'd. Guide (259 pages) , 31.—T011i.cOonerre' Cu., 186, Huston-road. London. Shat.littems wor all traqes.—liattager, Hr. MYEEs, Est. 1868.

.11,013ACCOBILSTS and these commencing stioutit mil or send ' for our Prim List. Competition detle4.-11oLDszits'e, Pa-sadise-st.. Liverpool. IsSablishe4lBso. i.-5... EVOLT IMlAL.—inspnetors oF Weights and Moasines. Osnclidates omabed for Board of Trade examination.— Doziness Academy, Coflee-street. liotherham. —......-- __ --.......„ DISBNGAGBD. good trABLOUIt-MAID. ard 26; two and a halt years' reference. Wages £22 to £24. Also Footman. Cosclernsn, and Groom.- Mitl3 EMERY, First-cla,s Agency, Csvrestry.

_ WANTBD, by respectable Person, Situation as HOUSE MAID or Housemaid-Waitress in gentleman's family, O; R.C.—Apply K. SAGGERS, 43, bloorgate-st., Liverpool,

IBBRAL WaGllB far work spare hours, eithet No _IA wading money before startitg workers wanted every- or e Sfamped addressed el,vetope for rtp:y.—GlLßEliT Ilircatat 06, Wes' wooct-A., Peterborough.

NVAN USD •41TUATION Working-ILOUIWKIIEFRIC to working dien, where she cio helm a child with her, Small selary.—Piddress, Mlss BENSON. Thoruthvraite, Darien nwir Leeds.

- - IUOREIGN STAMP.3.—Collectors WANTED to send for our approval Selee' ions. Several thousand varieties. Good Specimens chean. Collections bought. Reference or deposit crecialred.—}t 411110 W STAMP Co., 11, Chapel-walks, Liverpool. pnrehs se or exshange“-- --,,-*Son. in lac

IiVILRTEGIK--Zio-irehase or ezehan, a-tousshold FURNI- TURE of every desieriistitm, in large or snaAll quaw ; plimoa. sewing and wringing maehinea. Best mice given. Prompt CIO 11.—Apply JON Ea. furniture dealer, garkelaatreet, Earloste am.

lIFT OFF CLOTHES bought, beet price for parcels IA for- warded, if not approved. goods returbed.—Jamca (lox- M. Ali, New and Second-har.d Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, end 346, 'Meansgate, Manchester. _ _ _ _

cniECOND-LiA.ND DRESS SUITS, ltary,Theatrli,Bsd KJ Uniforms and Liveries for sale or hire.—Jammi GOA- ININ, New and Secend-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 30, Deaariate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third eon t price. Secretsriei-of Friendly Societies, liti'Tirlial)Yfocreesrl,rran'sgers, Foremen and others to Sell direct frore manidattie ers, salary and commission, security reejuired. vtnuine lac:eased income. —Apply with partitru- a•flo WS.. " lixaminer" WA.NTDD, to purchase a collection of foreign postage stamps, good price pald,—Cottgcrou. 125, Coltman- at., Hull. Ptotscor UNION.—FBMALM NIGHT NURSE.—(Ia- .I crease of stafF).—WANTIM a Female Night NUHSB, without encumbrance, with a knowledge of Midwifery, at -the Workhonse Hospitals, Whiston, Preseot Salary £3O per annum with uniform, rations, ration allowance, and apart- ments in the Workhouse, Applications (upon forms to be obtained from this *lice, and which alone will be received) from experienced persons fully competent to undertake the anties. with copies of testimonials of recent date—to be delivered to me not later than 10 o'clock on MONDAY, the 18th iffst.

A. F. MANN. Union Clerk. Claim 01Mom Ma'am, Pr not, 7th Feb.. 1835.

Cgg4, Etbv -Otark, Szt.

QTORH PIGS for SALE, large quantity, all sizes, delivered free.—Apply PIED PULL lioiEL, near Station, Newton-

O_ N SALk.—HORSH, 16i hands, quiet, healthy, and good worker, suit van Or light lurry.—Apply H. HODGE, Midge Hall. near Preston,

AT AG N IFIC ENT White Leghorns and Golden Wyandottes (Abbotts, Cocks, Butterfield's strains) Prize winners, Eggs 3s. 61. sitting.--BuinvicLE,Redmire, Leyburn. DOG OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and reta .—HALL, 53. Paradise-street, Liverpool.

EGGS FOR SITTING (viz.) Black Leghorns (winners recently), Ss. per,sitting uniertile replaced. Also two March Cockerells 63. each.—E. Askyros, Wrier-Barrow- Farm, Elton, Bury, Lane.

&tipping_ Rottres.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.—Fare £2.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ifinnuttrp, Su., on 'alt.

J3LAST-FANS (new) for one fire for 158. from maker. HAIGH, Otley-road, Skipton, Yorkshire.

WELCOME ALWAYS,

KEEP 1T HANDY, GRANT'S MORELLA CDERRY BRANDY, Have you ever tasted this delicious liqueur, which is made from the famous Kent Morelias QUEEN'S QUALITY for general use, SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY for exercise in the open air. SOLD EVERYWHERE. Ask for GRANT'S and don't be put off with inferior make TllOl3. UKÔ A.ND 00103, MAILIVIONS.

SPRITTING BOXES.—On Sale a lot of Spritting Boxes.— X. MATTHEWS, near Cemetery. Warrington.

I' ASPERRRIRS, Fillbasket, no better, from 2ft. to 6ft. lA, high, 83. per doz. R. NATLOR, Witton Park, co. Dur- ham.

II BciPE to make healthy Poultry and good Layers, send 7 stamps—SMlTH, Gas Works, Bolton-upon-llearne, Rotherham.

11HE BRIDE'S CONFESSION (The tvlsinaD, Postal order Is. 3d., also several others equally rare, and amusing.— CAMPBELL, Bungay.

CISIMIS for Sale, suitable for Basset and Crate making.— VI Address Mr. MULLIS, Bolesworth, Tattenhisll, Chester.

STAMMERING Cured. Any person afflicted thus will do well to consult R. KIRBY, White Bridge Cottage. Newton- le-Willows, personally or by letter.

S PECIFIC MIXTURII,for Male or Fernaledn bottles 28.6 d. and 4s. 6d.; cure guaranteed —JortEa, 51, Butter- market. street, Warrington.

EXTRAORDINARY VALI7I3.—FuII dress length beautiful black or blue serge, ss. lid., carriage paid.—BRADFORD WOOLLEN Co., 276, Swon Arcade. Bradford

AIADt hAeMI IDA character, f.S talents Kaennct - failings, B 01 af ...aknpyo person er fromb es their handwriting or photo. Fee. is.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS,Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSING, 16, Fenwick-Street. Liverpool.

BRITISH ARMY BLANKETS, 2s. each. Bft. long, 6ft. wide ; all wool ;or 20s. per dsie. Sample post free, 2s. 6d. from H. J. GAUSiON, Government Contractor, Rye.

Runcorn.

I

AIV ARDED FIRST PRIZ 11 MEDAL. Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cbeapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always in stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs, J.:o. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just published (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 6d, stamps. MORELL, 17 and 18, Great St, Anclrew-st„ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry," London. Stock tits mut prices of Wass monthly, tree.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
GOi•sed•

I

===== 0002601_18950216_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

I

I •

ERNEV

===== 0002601_18950216_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY FEBRUARY 16. 1895.

'ititsrtitantous'.

L3fttsrellantou.

I p suriton.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Eo be Let.

rro LET.—House'off Bewsey-road (3 bedrooms), rent 45.6 d. 1 —Apply Askton and Woods. Solioltots. Horsernarket-st,. Warrington.

ROUSH TO Ll4r.-sfarcla, or before; semi-detached ; eon Mining seven rooms nod good oellar.-'-4, Paul- street. Warrington.

filo LET.- GOOD LOCK-IP SHOP i Horsernarket- I. street; rent moderate.— Apply WILLIAM RODERTB, 12, Bridge-street,Warringtoi.

HOLISM TO BB LBT. -- Pleasantly annoted opposite Skip Canal Locks, Latckford, reduced rent.—S. J. SHAEFBEAPT,GrappenkAII.

GIiNTLtiMAIN'S RBSIDBNCH TO LIT, Central sent- modious root, oapltal sanitary arrangements. Rent reduced to £36 and taxes.—Apply Thos. COMAILL Estate Agent and Valuer, Warrington.

FURS! LADIES FURS! You can Purchase Single Articles of Fur at Wholesale Price, all the first fashion ; also Sealskin Jackets anal. other Garments. NORTHERN FUR MANUF,ACTORY. Office and Showroom 21, LEVER-STREET, (Opposite the /loyal Infirmary, Piccadilly), MANCHESTER. Alterations by the First, Skill. Sealsltia Garments Re-Fashioned, and all other Furl Iklutirs, Re-Dyeing, Cleaning. ,irn.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
2lpartinents, ffurniOrb 11000, Br.r.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHP ORT . Superior Apartments; Drawing room ; on or two bedrooms. Inclusive moderate terms.—Mrs. BRISTOWE, 33. Avondale-road. off Promenade.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TOYS AND• GAMES.

The Largest Selection of Toys in the SCity. Prices from Is. to Eh. Rocking Horses. Dolls, Mail Carts, Swings. Pole Horses, Bassinettes, ke. All gnaranteed English make. ALL THE LATEST PARLOUR GAMES is. EACH. SLADE, 73, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

Tun, Opposition appear to have Parliament. already given up all hopes of an early defeat of the Government. The first critical division was taken in the House of Commons on Friday evening last week on an amendment to the Address and the Government secured a majority of twelve. This is probably the closest division there will be for some time, as the Government were deprived of their ordinary majority by the abstention of a few of their sup- porters. The debate on the amendment was in no way notable except for the fact that it clearly indicated that, in the opinion of Tory politicians, the one distressed class in • the country, is that of the landlords. The troubles and embarrassments of this class formed the staple of nearly all the speeches that were made by members of the Oppo- sition, and the debate culminated in a declaration by Mr. BALBOtrit which has been very generally construed as meaning that Protection might kayo to be resorted to in order to keep up the rents of the landed gentry.. The real unemployed—those who are suffering not from a reduction in their rent-rolls but from a deprivation of the actual means of subsistence—were scarcely ever mentioned, and this in spite of the fact that the amendment had, been so framed by Mr. 13Au1etra that it prevented another member of the House of COLIIMODS from directly raising the question of 1 unemployment. This is further proof, if further proof were needed, that Toryism is still in the main synonymous with landlordism, and that if it is again returned to power its main object will be the aggrandisement of an already privi- leged class.. .

Another amendment to the Address in which a great deal of interest was taken was moved on Tuesday evening by Mr. J. REDMOND the leader of the littl& band of Parnellites. It called upon. the Government to dissolve Parliament and to submit the question of Home Rule to the con- stituences. Mr. RBDMOND professes to be acting on the lines laid down by Mr. PARNBLL, but in that he is undoubtedly mistaken. It was certaialy Mr. FAiniss&L's policy in the early days of his Parliamentary career to "block the way"with Home Rule, but after the Liberals had undertaken to give self-government to Irelargl and to give it the foiemost place in their programme his tactics changed, He then acted in concert with and not in opposition to the Liberal party. It was his object, just as it was that of Liberals, that the party should be strengthened in every possible way before an appeal was made to the constituencies. He knew, as everyone must know who has given five minutes consideration to the subject, that it would need the utmost force of the Liberal party to secure the passing of a Home Rule Bill. Mr. Raemono seems to lose sight of this .circumstance, and in- stead of strengthening the party which is pledged to Home Rule, he is doing his best to weaken it at a very critical period. As Archbishop CROKE, in a letter to the "Freeman's Journal," very forcibly puts it, Mr. Itimmoxo and hi % friends are trying to "discredit and depose" the friendly Govern- ment that has led Irishmen to the very confines of Home Rule because it cannot achieve impossi- bilities, while they seek to instal in power the "hereditary revilers of their religion and race." Fortunately, Mr. REDMOND'S amendment, although it was supported by the whole force of the Unionist party, was defeated by twenty votes. The Parnellites, will, we should think, find some difficulty in justifying their action in Parliament to their Irish constituents.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD. TEMPLARS CONVENTION.

THE latest news of the war in the The War in the East. East shows that the Japanese have inflicted another serious blow upon their " Celestial "antagonists. They have captured,after a severe bombardment and several more or less sanguinary skirmishes and assaults both by sea and land,the strongly fortified place of Wei-Hai-Wei, together with the remnants of the Chinese fleet. In these latest enc3unters the Chinese " braves " have shown a little more courage than they did in most of their previous engagements, but perhaps this is to be accounted for by the fact that there was no line of retreat open to them. They were between the Japanese and the deep sea, and under these circumstances they seem to have fired their last shot before hoisting the white flag. It is 'now evident that the Chinese government will be reluctantly com- pelled to acknowledge d ofeat and to pay the re quired indemnity. It has no reliable reserves to fall back upon for its defence, and it is therefore almost certain that the Japanese will soon be thundering at the gates of Pekin The Chinese have long been in need of a few modern ideas. They have been under the sway of the most unadulterated form of Conser- vatism, and through not having the advantages of any Radical or progressive element in their politi- cal life they have fallen far behind the po Werfill nations with which they are brought more and more into contact. Their utter inability to cope with the Japanese, whom they have aflected to despise, must surely have enlightened them cow sTderably, on military matters at all events.

I

cording to a letter from a gentleman resident China, which has been published in one of the London papers this week, Chinese knowledge 0'

the military art is amusingly elementary. We Sre told that the military mandarins have formed sox° magnificent schemes for comfounding the enernY One of these schemes was for the destruction °f the enemy's fleet. Two determined men wore t° be employed, one of whom was to be a good swim' mer and diver, and when the Japanese fleet anchored off the coast one man was to engage the enemy in conversation while the other was to quietlY slip into the water,fix a torpedo to the propellor of one ship after another, explode it, and then escape by swimming! Another scheme was to fig a junk with dynamite, cover the explosives over with vegetables, and when the vessel was in the midst of the Japanese ships, a devoted hero 00 board was to apply the match and blow himself and the whole fleet to smithereens. The reward for this self-sacrifice was to be a family Po' sion and the ennobling of ancestors to three generations. Yet a third plan of the resourceful MOLT/LES who control the C:tinese army was t° arm each soldier with a bag of pepper wherewith the enemy was to be blinded and then helplesslY slaughtered. It will be generally admitted that there is no hope, from a military point of view,fer a nation which expects to combat modern warlike weapons with bags of pepper.

THII report which Major Meals" The Chelford DIN has made to the Board Of Accident. Trade with regard to the Chelfora railway disaster is not a sensational document' It acquits the stationmaster who had charge 0f the shunting operations which led to the accident of any culpable negligence, but at the same time it points out methods by which similar accident might be prevented in the fature. The accidellt was, it seems, a preventible one, and if tile' stationmaster had realised that the force of wind was sufficient to move a wagon it might have been prevented.. The terrible loss of life if 4. not attributed to any defects in the rolling stock of the train,- as the carriages were all strong, and of comparatively modern build' The one tangiblo result from the collision and the subsequent inquiry is a dation to rail; way companies to lay down in their book ef rules and regulations that during high winds ell wagons are to be kept attached to the engin° when being set back to their trains; or, if thig would cause unreasonable delay, all lootN3 wagol3s are to have the brake pinned down as soon 93' they come to a stand. To make this operatic° safe and easy wagons should befitted with a brake- handle on both sides instead of only on olio. eid° which is the rule at present.

ANNUAL MEETING. The annual session of the No. 1 Convention,. B'l6C Lancashire, ot the Order of Good Templars,was held 011 Saturday in the Mission Room, Academy-sr., ton. The session was opened at 3.45 by Bro. • DaIe,.C.C.T., of Earlestown, there being a large atte"io ance of deputies and representatives from lodgeft Warrington, Earlestown, St. Helens,. Prescot. jigh. Tyldesley, Hindlev, and Wigan. After the oPea'°;4l Bro. D.P. Sykes, D. Chap. of Southport, was announa, and was accorded a hearty reception, and on invitntr presided during the remainder of the session. the appointment, of credential and Press report committees, the reports of tne officers were red- ceived. The reports of Bro. Dale, C.C.T., Bro. E. Newman, C. Svc., indicated activity he•—a progress. Although complete returns were noa _tes to hand, there was an indication that the lunio generally were improving their pisitions. Hope of Ea.rlestown, now one of the largest in tile triet, reported 157 members in good standing, na crease of seven in the quarter. Bro. George Tern.;,... treasurer,. of Warrington, gave a financial report, log a favourable balance in band and no liabilities. 'E. bliddletou. C.S.J.T., of Leigh, reported on the tion of the Juvenile Temples, showing an increase r°ld 21 members. The Tempters were doing Dwell, „tjd efforts were about to be forth which lie hoped l'ber. result in a still greater increase in the Juvenile innal, tee ship., and he trusted the interest and co-operation tot adult istembers would be secured for this work. Bro. John Taylor C.E.S., showed activity WIZ; the recent District Council elections in the convea: of area, resulting in several instances is the eleetio"" candidates favourable to temperance principles. sad te° d. number of publicans being amongst the rejea ing Be concluded by moving a suitable resolution aPPral.ing of the Local Veto Bill of Sir W. Harcourt, and exproke'or the hope that it would be pushed forward and Bu,a„°oo. fully carried through all its stages in the House or v or moos, which wes unanimously adopted. The ofßeereoro• the ensuing half year were next elected.—aat Jon Q. M.. Sergeant Roberts, Warrington ;G. Co. Bra; Taylor, Earlestown ; C.S.J.T., Bro. E. Middleton, C.E. Sept. Bro. A. Francis, St. Helene; Mrs. Sheath, Warrington ; C. Sec. Bro. B. Barlestown ; C. Tree. Bro. George Tomlin, Warringoro.. C. Chap. Bro. George Clarke. Earlestown ; C. ja J. Fry, Warrington; /sc. The committee on Pl'-nsitt Templary were next appointed, and the monthly . session of the convention arranged Pe.tr.a.oa held at Prescot on March 9th when a ~,Pa7;tp.• "Bible Temperance" by Bro. Rev. J. A. Lee, LY:, 4'",ttie will be the subject for consideration on gon",,'" tCO- Order. Thanks were tendered the retiring nfilcl"l jar. which Bro. J. Linden, P.C. Chap responded, atA"'" for compliment was paid the temperance mission Vl,rded their arrangements. Hearty thanks were also a°cotien Bro. Sykes, D. Chap, for his first visit to the COOe d te which he responded with a very interest a° couraging address. The Convention then closed for tea at ”gelio which a large number sat down. Altos tea ada.T.. meeting was held, addressed by Bro. ItobeAts. reeitn" who presided, and Bro. Sykes, D. Chap, So9ga'4 sienr tions,/lac., were satisfactorily rendered bat vac' hers and visitors.

40, ye The jury which has been trying the action ste.o.-09 against officials of the Boiler Makes and Iron and ship Builders' Society to recoves damages for malice' of conspiracy on Tuesday found a verdict agains lA the defendants, Mr. Allen, as,d assessed, the danlag £2O. saner° The art of paper-maliirktz has reached the poitte prt iv it is possible to cut down a growing tree into paper suitable fn./ p ses within'- . o Lu: . bro t

a er 3g nd eea gas faa Joie Brq• pooio coo- Inberu: t.— ortariC atoll too 0 pa a jectefi. orogin"a c;ressiag of COP" aceril LT. 0,1;j 3re• n, Loa- • T. Newoaa'; gar... • • prole' juir...030 the be, ged paper: c 256; oat:: for to VOgedej a4Ce°l3rti° COOV en* it*g al)" tO O'l3'll3:AlW tea "recita" Songs. varicos goal' broth. . teti°ll,l tea' °— a"— • Oa' .9 for ma,..11g, again,t the dania,,os her° the °jut P vort ) and s

===== 0002601_18950216_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
reCOMMOI3,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

19

ST. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS, RUNCORN. P.Mr. Kniveton presided at the weekly meeting of this class on Sunday afternoon, when there was a large attendance. During the service Mr. B. Crosby sang as a solo "The Heavens declare His glory," .and Mr. George Rowley, who acted as accompanist, Performed an organ solo.

i . 1 , , 1 71 , •. ,i !, ' ''• :1 • ? , . ••1 , ... '•. 'e• 'r; .1 ; r r II .lir 1 3 ' j. I 4 • '• Il ' 1 , ' • I I ; • r I r • • • 1. i I 3 $ 0 1 , O 1' 3 1 I. a 3 0 'l. 1 I, 1 . ; •• ,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESS OF A RUNCORN MUSICAL STUDENT. _

Aliss G. 11onede1d7C—a"nal-street, Runcorn, is amongst the successful candidates Obtaining honours at the examination in connection with the Victoria College of Music, London, held on the 4th February, 1895. Mr. S. Wadsworth, Bootle, Liver- pool prepared Miss Elorsetield for the examination.

RUNCORN CEMETERY. From the monthly statement of Mr. W.F. Salkeld, the secretary of the Runcorn Burial Board, it •appears that the interments for the ten months ending January 25th' numbered 257 as compared With 452 for the corresponding period last year, Showing a decrease of 195. The fees received amounted to £249 55., as against £420 Bs.Bd. during a similar period last year, or a decrease of £l7l as. Bd, in fees.

A RUNCORN SAILOR DROWNED. The body of John Roberts, whom we reported to be missing in our last issue, was found off the shore of Beaumaris, on Saturday. The deceased resided at Queen-5t., Runcorn,and was mate of the steamer Swift, belonging to 'Messrs. Brundrit and Co., of It..,uticoto• He had been missing since the night of the 30th ult., and it is supposed that he fell over- board when returning to his ship in a small boat at Beaunaaris.. An inquest on the body was held at that town on Tuesday. ACCIDENT TO A RUNCORN BOILERMAN. Charles Griffiths, 28 years of age, re siding at 2 Albert-terrace, Runcorn, met with an accident whilst following his employment on 'Friday. He WaS Mployed as a boilerman at Mathieson's Chemi- 'etial Works, Widnes, and was in the discharge of his A ties, when a valve, owing to expansion of steam, bli toi 2`tst, and Griffiths received serious injuries to his ' iree,as well as a compound fracture to his right leg. e Was removed to the Accident Hospital, where he Was attended to by Dr. Hutchinson. Rh "A TALK WITH BOYS." e Rev W H Stables, M.A., gave " A talk with ' boys 0 'W. H. ' r ID Runcorn Free Public Library on Friday ' Ziaialog, giving some excellent advice on the choice A good number of boys were present. IA lhe lecturer also gave 'a carefully arranged list of 1 ~/19°k. , chiefly historical for reading by boys. In 'die list he included Cassell's series ot books,"Stories of the Nations," and Sir Walter Scott's books, and ia . otinection with these, he said, he proposed to 'et to any boys who cared to read them, a small Prize for the best written digest of any one of these books. He would ask Mr. B. Crosby, headmaster of the Wesleyan schools, to adjudge the prize.— Mr. J. D. jons(librarian),proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer. Mr. Crosby seconded, and intim- ated that he would be very happy to give a second tize. The vote was carried with acclamation and 13 e proceedings terminated. 1 TRAFIDA CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, RUNCORN. •O Sunday Sunday evening, a well-attended people's tier- Dice was held' A brief address was delivered by the -,kev• ,j ••• .1., • Simpson, who based his remarks on the ,-,_ ird Psalm. The musical portion of the service was 11,8,Pecial feature. Two cornet solos were admir- "lY executed by Mr. R. W. Pierpoint. The selec- tions were taken from the" Messiah " and included Th. e recitative " Comfort, ye my people," and the Airs .. • Every vaTi shall be exalted " and "But thou 1 tittlet not leave his soul in hell." Miss Heathering- , 11°,11 ,s'ing as a solo "The Lord is my Shepherd," to tallia Composed by the organist of the church, Mr. LeCouteur. The solo was efficiently inter- 1 %tie I by Miss Heatherington. and the musical Position reflects great credit upon Mr. C. Le , x•outeur.

• RECHABITISIR IN RUNCORN. ' On Tuesday, the members of " JOnhwnasrc,sld"bJouoiv.einiblee •. Tent had their annual tea in St Richardson,o las prepared by Mesdames andow • Wil- son,pl„atra Leach, and Warburton,, —.lo3'ed by the boys. The lent n . . nuwmaabemrsuscho '''lnsinbers,and is in a very healthy conditions.onAdettoerf tea ' „ an entertainment was given in the pre ‘,.1. of parents end frienvdss., The chair cshbaoirrtv6adas. by Bro, Warburton . 1 fir"s4r's wei 0 delivered b 3 Bros. M. EvansconPtiibll.Cuied R R.. • : ,and:F It. W. llarrop P.C.R. Songs were d F. Ganey ••0 Bros. M. Thomas, . W. Harrop, ari ' 'trios were given by Bros. T. Lawson, W. Sutton, Lawson ' and A• Allen, and recitations by Bros. E. Gatley, T. • and H. Oliver. Selections were also given •. V. the mandolines and guitars y Mesdames War- --tlrtoll and Burn, the Misses Warburton and Miss e Dodd. : If, k•or new members rviwthe initiated, and the ce was conducted bye boys themselves. ` rtlit was also distributed during the evening. RESIGNATION OF THE REv • J. PULFORD , : WlLLLaxts. members of St. John,. 1 11,!‘• pedal meeting of the •", d'esoYteritin Church, Runcorn, was held on Mon- t, .-aY evening, to take into consideration the resigna- -4,7 '1" of the Rev. J. Pulford Willie d been for- he of the '., tharch. The resignation had already pressure , Warded to the officials who had brought. . . •': oagc.st!_tql.r. \Tattling to re-consider his decision. •' st-_"'": intimated to the meeting that no .19' , an had definitely , a anding this, the rev, gentleman giving as his , :- :_eCided to accept a call to Cardiff, g ;31son for doing so that he would have a larger • ' el) l'e of labour, and that there wa e uld also be edu- - teatkulal advantages in having auniversity in the . r4rn• Regret was expressed at the decision, and .1 the erericee were made to the services rendered to pa...ebnrch by Mr. Williams during his 4i years J . liTil,orate. It may be stated that under Mr. haTkiatas' guidance Presbyterian considerably improved, air in Runcorn testified by the the that during his ministry the membership of again, he took an • eeZ.chureh has doubled. Then ' of .vvl.4 Part in the provision of a 'morete w suniteableplace . roona-°rshrip, with the result that h t school- where divine service is held, was built. He Progress '' 111" road towards the leuilding r a na etntr_,. e P--Rurnm HUSBAND DESERVEDLY PUNISHED. ItIHICOrII Police Court on Friday,befere Messrs. Lbitt' jeatrolreeY, and S. Taylor, a tailor named Joseph up to a short time ago carried on ii ' tallness ix Gre brought enway-road, Runcorn, was . .wpitllbrider a warrant charged with non-compliancd : Ivo a lnaintenance order made by the justices in ' Ore'vetcher last, when his wife obtained asepaayrati_osn, , a ..."%and the prisoner was ordered_ tor and 18 their ' sev-eelc towards the maintenance of her 1 f0.."1 Children. On the 7th of January he was be.. ' VrZathe court on a warrant for arrear,,a the cas3 th"l adjour d for a week, and the prisonerf £5 bnlt.il?°(ind overlain his own rec.ognizances o . r lin ir,`lg that week, however, übli- a--"is t d h effects to Mr. Smith. p Littlemore sold his I tan, eve sri ousehold I.44ivlane, and left the town. He did not *10,,.., -.en the case was called on the following tgtreat A "aY and big recognizances were ordered to be i eo s erre," A i Prisoner for and the wife took out a fresh warrant. amounted to £6 0-4. --• ontatj; time lived with his relatives in Liverpool, but at r ePre7iORS Wednesday he went to some p_. -: ingtd i there he was a , prehernis,al-, near Prodsham. an e labour. t.°l lUraitt b. with hard •'lv' ibthita to gaol for t ~,i 4 PoliCe-constable Gregory. The Bench 8 the ' Dolice inf, ~., reference to thewo mreocnotignsizance , • room, "I.`"ed the court that the prisonerhadno .; Icli-Y on Mtn and no goods upon which a distresss ten-' . te- rant could be levied, and the 1, 'lced hiwith i ‘.ti d In to another month's , r i., er imprisonmentmagistrate ..i ! H/CHAEL'S SUNDAY SCUOOL.. jectt the "Asoellaneoua concert, which had forh • 'i NograaiB,ing of funds for the St. Michael,i. its 0 s Church.' I/loti 3 14°1001 Runcorn, was held in the Primitive -.s. tve..l-°diet schoolroom, Greenway-road, on e schoolroom v Tuesday ( dieVug• This room was selected owing to the small t • Pth enaicue Of the church choolroom in Shaw-street ee .• large etteudance, and the concert was • successful character. The programme „ u chi a ,"Z • IA e",v proviaed by four Chester gentlemen -cri.ri-r' 'rank Lloyd, Mr. W. Conway, Mr. W. B. RapPe-sY, and Mr. G. W. Giles. Mr. Prank Lloyd Ph* "ratal humorous sketches which highly , al sd th • _ 13 r• (10,, a audience, and he also sang " Preps. °atilt ~ ,i7ttliV's contributions were ' A Romany Lass", I°ls .°IIIIIIY Atkins " and in this latter song he rinersuccessful in receiving an encore. "I, am . both °II the sea," and " The Alderman's song,' weft, well r endsred by Mr. (3. W. Giles. Selections tene,, riolin and the pianoforte were executed Miss • fel, tiera'44;eate and skill by .Mr. W. B. Brier ley... tion of r, of Runcorn, gave an excellent rendi sue.. . uil Silver Waters " but she was still more •-•-sstai • . n the "Slumber Song," with %John "ligat • .. Tved encore°, for which she received a well ues„ Was Riven ~,* A• duet entitled " Go Pretty Rose end m5"3.7 Messrs. P,. Hogkin‘on and Giles,and a ion,.ct• Boney,My Honey '! was taken Par_ GiieJB. Messrs. HodkinSozi, Brierley, Conway, u „n.(l Inch eiT"72 , glees were also given by the bt,. attista,;:' soolr. A Vote of thanks was accorded the 6°13. - all th'' Proplsitn of :he Rev. H. J. J 9 me,

S.&MINS INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. There was a crowded attendance at the weekly entertainment provided at this institute on Monday evening. Mr. A. Abel presided. The Mersey Mis- sion Band performed several selections. BREAKING THE ICE.—ACCIDENT ON A STEAM

===== 0002601_18950216_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TUG.

Amongst the tugs being used to keep an open waterway through the ice 14 the Ship Canal is the steam tug Pioneer, and on Wednesday afternoon, whilst it was thus engaged near Runcorn, a some- what unusual accident happened. Owing to the jerking of the machineryin the boat's endeavour to make headway through the mass of ice, the neck of the safety valve was broken. The steam rushed out, and scalded the engineer about the face and arms. He was medically attended to, and is now progressing favourably. BRUNSWICK-STREET MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

===== 0002601_18950216_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIETY.

Mr. A. Higgins, of Liverpool, read a very inter- esting paper before the members of this society on Wednesday evening. His subject was "Dungan, the good of things as they are." The paper was really a defence of Socialism, lie considered that the pulpit was to-day out of touch with the times, and it was one of the things that ought to be re- formed. The paper was criticised by Mr. J. D. ' Jones (chairman), Messrs, William Massey, T. Leach, and S. Coventry. ANOTHER SUCCESS OF A RUNCORN STUDENT.

At the examinations held recently in connection with the London Victoria College of Music, at the Liverpool Centre, Miss Warburton, daughter of Mr. I. E. Warburton, passed with honours, in the inter- mediate grade, both in piaioforte playing and in theory, she having obtained the highest number ot marks of any student examined. Mr. J. H. Lewis, Mu. Doc. D.C.L. was the examiner, and Miss Warburton was prepared for the examination by Mr. S. Wadsworth, F.C.C.G. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ICH AC'CIDRNT AT RUNCORN.

On Tuesday afternoon, whilst two boys, respec- tively named Henry and George Blight, of 47, Shaw-st., were playing on the icebound Bridge- water Canal near to Savage's Bridge at Runcorn, the younger brother, Henry, fell through a hole in the ice. The little fellow went overhead ani had it not been for the prompt action of his brother, who went into the water and rescued him, he would most probably have been drowned. The two boys were taken home, and with the exception of a wetting, were *not much the worse for their immersion.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF AN ODDFELLOW AT RUNCORN.

The mortal remains of Mr. John Owen, of Bold- at,, Runcorn, were interred in Runcorn Cemetery, on Tuesday afternoon. The deceased, who was one of the founders of the Duke of Devonshire Lodge of Oddfellows,No. 5,055,was 59 years of age. Amongst these present at the funeral were Joseph Slade, H. B. Toone, G. Rutter, and G. Riley; P.G. W. E. Rutter (secretary), Robert Wright (treasurer Past Grand Lodge), and Bros.S. Johnson, E. Onions, and W. Hayegr. The Rev. J. Simpson, Congregational minister, conducted the funeral service.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
AB9EMBLY BILL IT RLINCDRK.

There was a large company 4t, the annual assembly ball held in the Public Hill,Runcorn, on Wednesday evening. The room had been most tastefully decorated for the occasion by Mr. James Steele. The programme included N dances, six of which were shadow dances. Messrs. Lea and Son provided the limelight apparatus. Mr. Merchant. of Chester, supplied the music. The refreshments were supplied by Mr. A. Riley, Bridge Street, and Mr. George Shone. Dr. McKenzie and Mr. Shone acted as M.C's and were ably assisted by Mr. Clement Handley and Mr. G. Pritchard. Dancing was kept up with zest until the early hours of next morning. INDRPENDENT ORDER. OF RECHABITFS.

On Wednesday the annual meeting of the Run- corn and Frodsliam district was held in the Duke of Westminster Cocoa Rooms, Runcorn. Mr. W. Cartwright, D.C., presided, and there were also present representatives from all the tents in the district. The annual financial report showed that the district has been in existence about seven years, and the total funds which are available for funeral claims only amount to .053 6s. 10d., being an increase of £5l 178. 6,1. on the year, and a total membership of adults and juveniles of 481, which was considered very satistantory. The result of the election of officers was as follows :—Mr. Joseph Booth (Runcorn). D.C.R. ; Mr. William Lockett (Frodsham), D.D.R. ; Mr. W. Cartwrigf t (Runcorn) P.D.C.R.; Mr. James Lea (Runcorn), D.T. ; and Mr. J. E. Warburton (Runcorn), D.S. Mr. Joseph Leadstone (Runcorn) was appointed to attend the High Movable Conference to be held at Brighton in August next.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
CAMDEN WEBLZYAN CHURCH.

The members of the Camden Wesleyan Church choir, with the church offidals, and a few friends, sat down to tea in the schoolroom on Tuesday even- ing, at the invitation of Mr. Speakman. The Rev. T. Brackenbury occupie4 the chair at the subse- quent proceedings, and delivered an excellent address on "Church Music." ' Mr. S. C. Beckett, who presided during a portion of the proceedings, spoke of the importance of regular attendance at church, and also referred to the value of good music at the services, alluding to the help it gave to minister and congregation. Mr. Speakman urged the choir to do the best they could. He expressed a fear that, they had not paid that attention which Ithey ought to have done in the past. He had in- vited them with a view to recognising and en- couraging them in their efforts. lie advocated the rendering of an anthem each Sundsy evening. Mr. A. Harrison and Mr. Joseph Bagley and others also spoke. A programme of vocal and instrumental music was afterwards submitted, and greatly ap- preciated. TRH COUNTY COUNCIL ELECTIONS AT RUNCORN' The two retiring members for Runcorn on th e Cheshire County Cauncil are Mr. Philip Speakma J.P., and Major Harlehurst. The latter gentleman has already signified his intention of retiring from the representation of the North' division of the town, stating that he is unable to give the time and attentian ' which that honourable !position re - quires. Mr. P. Speakman will again offer his ser- vices to the electors of the South division, and there is every likelihood that he will be re-elected without a contest. He has been a most useful mem- ber of the Council, and his attendance at the com- mittee meetings and Council meetings will compare favourably with those of any of the other members. Far the vacant seat, Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., has been , asked by an influential body of electors to become I a candidate, and he has acceded to this request. No other candidate has yet been put forward, and Mr. Taylor will probably be returned unopposed. The election addresses of both candidates will be found in our advertising columns' Mr. J.. Ashton lis the returning officer, and he has fixed five. o'clock on the 22nd inst., as the latest time for the handing in of nominations. He will attend the following day to hear Any objections. March 2nd is the date of election. THE DISTRESS AT RUNCORN.. The extraordinary severe weather experienced during the week has greatly Increased the amount of distress in the town. Consequently the various ward committees bad a larger number of applica- tions to deal with on Wednesday evening,, than pre- viously. Their recommendations were submitted to the general relief committee on Thursday even- ing, and tickets for food to the value of .SL3O were distributed. A:, the previous meeting Mr. Speak- man intimated that he intended giving a truck of coal, about ten tons. Canon Wood stated that he had received £2 from Lady Brooke for the same purpose, and he intended making up the balance ! for the sup;oly of other ten tons. The subscriptions received include .£ll 12s. Ild, from the Co-operative Society, Limited, and tickets for the supply of food for this amount have been distributed; £5 has been sent from the Liberal Club; £2 2s. Mr. James Steele; Is. from Messrs. Ty:er and gone; is. Messrs. 8.. Pierpoint and sons;- Mrs. Pierpoint 101. 6d. ; Miss Pierpoint 10s. 6d. ; Mr. James Prit- chard Li; Mrs. Rienards 10:,, per week. la 7s. 7d. was found in the collecting boxes, and in this amount was included a sovereign from " J.M.8." Free breakfasts to school children are still being pro- vided at the Board Schools, Oreenway-road, and the National Schools, Church-street. A soup kitchen is opened daily at the Seamen's Institute, Runcorn. On Thursday, over 300 were provided with soup. The contrit,utors to the fund include Messrs. Abel,. W. Byfield. G. Hewitt. E. Tuckey, W. Rowlands, James Littler, Jones (Albert-street), Roberts, and Mrs. Richardson (Church-street.)

MOTHERS ! MOTHERS ! to know that a single application of the CIITICt7RA. REMELDIES will afford in- stant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy and economical curs of torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, and scaly humours,-and not to U:4O them with- out a moment's delay is to fail in your duty. Cures made is infancy and childhood are speedy, permanent, land economical. Truly, CD rictißA. WORKS WONDERS and its cures of torturing, disfiguring, humiliating humours ate the most wonderful ever recorded ia this or any age.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE, EXAMINER. S.\ TURDA Y. FEBRUARY

LOCAL COMPANIES. Messrs. Brunner, Mond and Co., have declared a dividend of 30 percent., carrying forward £89,600. The dividend is the same as last year, and about the same amount was carried forward. The directors of the Salt Union, Limited, have declared a dividend of 2i per cent. on the ordinary shares for the past year, carrying forward £lO,OOO. Last year the dividend was 3 per cent. THE AGED PEOPLE'S TIIICA.T.

On Tuesday, this treat will take place. There will be the usual entertainment in the evening when the public will be admitted. Further partic- ulars will be found in an advertisement. At a meeting of the Scrutiny Committee held on Thurs- day night, 303 names of persons were passed to re- ceive tickets for the treat. It is expected that there will be about 400 present.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. J. LILE-STONE.

This Wesleyan minister, who for a short time has been stationed in the Runcorn circuit, has, on the advice of his medical attendants, intimated to the Superintendent (Rev. T. Brackenbury) that he will be unable to undertake ministerial work in ae circuit after the present quarter. Much regret has been expressed, amongst Wesleyans in the district at this information, and at the continued indis- position of the rev. gentleman. He was becoming a most popular preacher in that circuit and had made a large circle of friends. CONCERT AT WHITLEY.

On Thursday evening, a grand concert was given in the Church schoolroom, Whitley, the proceeds of which were in aid of the Church repairs fund. The programme was provided by the following Runcorn artistes: Miss Taylor (soprano), Miss Simkin (con- tralto), Mr. Niz.kson (bass), Mr. Mason (coster), and Mr. A. Grounds (humorist). The accompanist was Mr. W. Grounds, organist of the church, who also contributed a solo on the pianoforte. A dance suc- ceeded the concert. A SKATING FATALITY.

The Cheshire police have ascertained that the two young men who were drowned while skating on the Dee on Tuesday were James Howard, of Roberts-street, Widnes, and Frederick Leatbwood, of: Warrington-road, Alton-view, Widnes. They left home on Tuesday morning for a day's skating on the Dee, and when they had proceeded about a mile up the river they left their coats at the White House. The bodies cannot be recovered before the ice breaks up. Thousands of people were again skating on the The on Wednesday.—Both bodies were recovered on Thursday, and have been identified as belonging to Widnes, as mentioned above.

BURNING FATALITY AT WESTON POINT. CONFLICTING EVIDENCE. THE GRAN rING OF CERTIFICATES.

At the Dock Hotel, Weston Point, on Thursday morn- ing, an inquest was held by Mr. J. E. Worsley ,coroner, relative to the death of a child of Mr.Meakin,lo,Mersey- view, Weston Point. Louiia Ann Meakin, mother of the child, was the first witness called, and stated that her husband was a salt boiler. The deceased child was 4i years of age. On Wednesday or Thursday, the 9th or 19th of January last.about eleven o'clock,the deceased was in the kitchen alone. Witness was going through the back kitchen when she heard screams and on looking she saw that the deceased had fallen into the fire. He was partly dressed at the time. He was burnt on the right shoulder, but there was only a small scar. SllO put some vaseline on it, and on the following Monday her husband took the child to Mr. Griffiths, herbalist, Alvanley. The wound then seemed to go on nicely until Friday last when it was worse. She sent for Dr.McKenzie, of Runcorn,who saw the child on Sunday night. It died about three o'clock on Monday morning. Dr. McKenzie said he found the child suffering from a very severe burn over the right shoulder joint, and it was actually dying when he got there. No properly qualified medical man had seen the child since it had been burnt. If the child had lived the joint would nave been useless, as the muscles were completely burned away. He could see into the shoulder joint. It was a moat serious case. It would have been better for the child had the medical man been called in earlier, but he did not think there had been any wilful neglect. Tne child must have been leaning against the fire bars for some time to have caused such a serious burn. _ .

_ Rebecca Stephensen said she saw the child after the accident, but the injury did not then seem serious. She had been told that morning that on the date of the ac- cident the child had been thrown on the fire, but she did not believe it. _

Mrs. A. Foster, 13, Clarke's-terrace, said she lived opposite to Meakins, but sue did not hear of the burn- ing accident, until after the child had died. She had heard the husband and wife quarrelling. A few weeks ago he ran his wife out of the house, and she stayed away about two days. Eva Meakin, a child about seven of age, said she remembered her brother getting burnt. Ile was sittinz on her daddy's knee when he fell off into the fire. He was picked up by Gertrude, her sister. Mrs. Whitby, South-road, Weston Point, said Mrs. Meakin was her mother-in-law. She saw the child after It was burnt, and Mrs. Meakin told her that the deceased had fallen. She admitted that there had been some quarrelling between husband and wife. The burn did not look very serious. Mr. Meakin was fond of the child, and she did not think he would do it any harm. Mr. Meakin was then called into the room, and told that if he gave any evidence it would be taken down in writing and might possibly be used against him. He said he did not wish to give any evidence.—The Coroner : The evidence already given is that the child fell off your knee into the fire.—Mr. Meakin said that that was on another occasion altogether. He was not in the house at the time the child was burnt. His wife told him of the accident when he came home to dinner, but he had not then time to look at it. He took the child a few days afterwards to a herbalist,and he gave him some ointment. Be ultimately sent for the doctor. He admitted that the child did fall eff his knee on one occasion, but that was before Christmas. The deceased then caught its head on a shovel, making a scar on the brow. In answer to the Coroner he said he did have a quarrel with his wife a few weeks ago, when the chil- dren ran out of the house. But that was not at the time the child was burnt. He knew nothing as to how the child received the burns.

Mrs. Meakin on being recalled said the child Eva was at school at the time of the accident.

Mrs. Whitley was also recalled and said she was in Meakin's house when the child fell off Mr. Meakin's knee and caused a scar on its head. That occurred be- fore Christmas. He had a " drop of drink" at the time. Time child Eva was not present on that occasion. The Coroner in summing up said that in this case a certificate had been given of death by the doctor and also by the registrar under a misapprehension which would be necessary for him to explain. Wherever there had been a death due to accident or a death due to vio- lence, although other causeamight supervene which might be actually the cause of death, still an inquest was always necessary, and information given to the police before the certificate was issued or before the registrar granted a ceitificate. The jury returned a v-rdict of " Accidental Death."

===== 0002601_18950216_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON • POINT.

BRAVERY OP A CARAT OFFICIAL.—Ori Saturday morn- ing, John Hughes, of Runcorn, whilst engaged in the dredging department of the Ship Canal Company was descending a ladder near to the Weston and Mersey Lock, when he slipped and fell into the waterway. The accident was seen by Mr. Murphy, lock-keeper, who with promptitude entered the canal and rescued the man. When brought to the bank it was found that Hughes had sustained injury to his hip. A cab was pro- cured in which he was conveyed to his home. It may be added that Mr. Murphy has previously displayed Intrepidity in this neighbourhood, and that during the following of his occupation here and elsewhere he has been instrumental in saving 16 lives. _ .

TRH SALT Woaxs.—The continuance of the frost has rendered it impracticable to load vessels at these works, with the result that Mr. Chadwick has found it neces- sary to stop a number of pans from working. ThIA haa thrown about 40 men out of work, andis entirely due to the frost as there area good number of orders in.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
AN AMUSING SEWING COMPETITION.

A few days ago the spinsters of the Hotel Petersburg, at St. Moritz, in the Engadine, invited the gentlemen whom they favoured to tea and a sewing competition. Each competitor was provided with a square piece of red calico (which he was expected td hem) and other re- quisites, also a spinster, who directed his movements and instructed his ignorance. The faces of some of the men were a sight to see ; they wore the agonised look peculiar to bicyclists intent on beating a record, and skaters trying to learn the outside edge backwards. When time was called the sewing ceased, and the speci- mens were handed to a committee of matrons for adjudi- cation. The that prize, " Views of the Engadine,' was awarded to Dr. Chidell, who well deserved it. Neverthe- less, as doctors learn stitching professionally they can- not be regarded as amateurs, and should be handicapped accordingly. The second prig., a sliding book holder, was gained by Mr. Elliot Crompton, who acquired the sartorial art during his wanderings in the wilds of Africa, where, in the absence of civilised womankind, he had to mend his own clothes—so long as he possessed any. The Consolation Stakes, a squeaking frog in trousers, went to Mr. William Westall, the novelist, who was held to have attained the bad pre-eminence of being the worst seams- tee in the Petersburg, probably in St. Mori•z. Mr. Westall is the author of a novel entitled "As a Man Sows." De can nnw write another and call it '• How a Man Should Sew."

===== 0002601_18950216_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1/I!=iß

===== 0002601_18950216_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COUNTY COURT.

DISPUTE ABOUT THE PACKING OF CHINA CLAY.

At Runcorn County Court on Tuesday, before His Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes and a jury. Peter Kil- cross, of Shaw-st.. Runcorn cooper, claimed £2O from S. W. Royse and Co., merchants, Albert-square, Man- chester, for casks and for packing 40 tons of china clay. Defendants admitted their indebtedness, but alleged that the material was negligently packed and in dirty casks, and they claimed £29 14s. 9d. damages, being the difference between the sum they received from it and the sum they would have received if it had been in proper condition. The case was originally entered in the Runcorn Court, but was removed to the High Court, to enable the detendants to take evidence on commis- sion by letter, and it was again remitted to Runcorn, by writ of certiorari. Mr. Greer, barrister, Liverpool (in- structed by Mr. Burton, Runcorn) represented the plain- tiff, and Mr. Langdon, barrister, Manchester (instructed by Messrs. Needham, Parkinson, Slack, and Needham, Manchester) appeared on behalf of the defendants. Mr. Langdon said tlaare was no dispute whatever about the plaintiff's claim. The defendants admitted that Mr. Kilcross was entitled to the amount charged. Messrs. Royce and Co., however, claimed damages from I Mr. Kilcross, for negligence in packing china clay in I December 1893, or January 1894. The defendants were anxious to send out to Boston a consignment of china clay, which being the first shipment, they desired to be packed with special care so that English „roods might compete with the American Markets. They therefore wrote" Please see that the casks are good and strong, and that the clay is in perfect order and condition and there is no dirt and impurity. Indeed we rely on your giving yoor attention to this lot." This agreement was entered into ; but instead of the clay being packed in clean casks they contained something impure and injured the clay, so that before it had been in the market a week Messrs. Roye received complaints stating that when the clay was dissolved it showed black spots, evi- dently charcoal. A very long correspondence followed between them and the American house, with the result that it had to he sold for £l7 Bs. 2d. instead of £46 103. Even if his client received the amount claimed it would be small consolation, because the American Market had been closed to them, as the people would not buy their clay. The question was were the black spots caused by the pasking ? They had samples of the clay sent, which Was without a single impurity, but the one returned from America contained defects, which 'ere evidently of a vegetable nature. Mr.; W. Barlow. 32, Mayfield-road, Whalley Range, Manchester. in the employ of the defendants Royse, chemical and general merchants, Manchester, said he had the management of the matter in dispute. In De- cember 1893 there was a quantity of china clay at Run- corn which had been brought there from Cornwall in the "Agnes Cairns." Witness communicated with Mr. Meadowcroft, the local agent of the Manchester Ship Canal, at Runcorn, respecting the shipment of some of it to Boston, America. He left the matter of packing ha the hands of Mr. Meadowcroft. In January, 1894, Messrs. Linder and Meyer, their agents at Boston, ack- nowledged the receipt of the china clay, In a later com- munication they reported unfavourably of the clay, stating that they found it " gritty." When dissolved in water it showed black specks which looked like charcoal. They tried a number of casks and found them all the same. The packages were very poor, they being second- hand ca!ks. A sample was sent to theirs from America and on dissolving it, witness found that a number of black specks floated on the top. The sample which was sent to them from Runcorn did not shaw the same de- fect.

William Mottram, stock-keeper, in the employ of the Manchester Ship Canal Company at Runcorn, gave evi- dence as to drawing a sample of the china clay, which was sent to the defendants. He took the sample from the Insides of two lumps of clay. He did not submit any of the small dust. In cross-examination he admitted that the sample was a fair one. Mr. Barlow then dissolved a portion of the two samples in Court, the one from Ameriea and the other from Runcorn,and these were handed to the jury. Con- tinuing his evidence, he said that Kilcross told him that he had packed the clay in second-hand bleach casks, but he stated that they had been scrubbed before using. John Meadowcroft, manager of the Ship Canal at Runcorn, stated that an order was given to Kilcross to pack the clay.—By Mr. Greer : He could not say how long the clay had been in the sheds et Runcorn. He received a consignment note from the railway company stating that the casks in question had been shipped in good condition. Mr. Langdon then read evidence which had been taken by commission in accordance with agreement. On behalf of the plaintiff, Mr. Greer contended: that the clay was put in proper casks, and efficient men were employed. The complaint was that the black specks had arisen through the negligent conduct of plaintiff in getting dirty second-hand casks, entirely unfit. for the purpose of packing fine clay. They were obtained from Messrs. Mannion, of Manchester, and were such as those generally used for packing clay. Mr. Kilcross assisted in the packing of the china clay in question. He did all that a careful workman could. Referring to the first letter received from America, he stated that they ac- knowledged that the packages were good. The speaker also pointed out that the clay arrived in a coasting vessel, and might have been in contact with Coal; also that it was handled by the employes of the Ship Canal Company; and that it was subsequently shipped at Liverpool. It was impossible for the casks to.cause the black specks which were in the centre of the clay. Peter Kilcross deposed to receiving the order to pack the china clay, and to doing the work in a workmanlike manner. He examined the casks and saw that they were properly clean. They were the same he had been using for 15 years. He used similar casks for Leemoor clay, which was the finest clay. He had not had a single complaint from those who had given him orders. William Joseph Mannion, 57 Albany-road, Chorlton, said his father carried on the business of a coop,r, at Manchester. Witness was the manager, and he remem- bered receiving the order for casks from Mr. Kitcross. He saw that they were clean, and the casks supplied were solely used for the packing of this clay. Robert Harrop, 64 Lock-street, Runcorn, and Peter Ganley, Fryer-street, Runcorn, gave evidence as to fill- ing the casks with clay. They saw that the casks were perfectly clean. His Honour summed up the case at length, and the jury after a short consultation returned a verdict in favour of the plaintiff, and disallowed the counter- claim.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SEVERE WEATHER AT RUNCORN.

As might be expected the effects of the continued frost are being felt at Runcorn. The shipping trade at the port has almost been brought to a standstill. On the Bridgewater Canal, instead of the usual barges plying along with their cargoes, there is to be seen a host of young persons sliding and skating. The river Mersey has been rendered unnavigable from Garston upwarth, caused by the floes of ice. The Ship Canal has, with great difficulty, been kept open, owing to a similar rea- son large masses of ice having found an entrance by the tidal sluices. Runcorn, in fact, in the words of a correspondent " is icebound In every direction. Its pits and its canals, quite apart from the Manchester Ship Canal, are absolutely impassable, flats and crafts of various kinds being as fast embedded in the ice as the proverbial frog inside a piece of rock. Business is entirely suspended in the ordinary waterways, and the canal population has given itself up to winter merri- ment, if net to resignation. Most of the fl sating popu- lation has, in fact, gone in for skating, so that from Runcorn to Warrington all sorts and conditions of men and women, as well as children, have girt up their loins and taken to scudding along the numerous stretches of frozen water to be found in that neighbourhood. The country far and near reminds one sf a Russian scene, only there is more exhilaration between Runcorn and Warrington, than there probably is over the whole of Russia. The construction of the Ship Canal has broken into old waterways in various places, and the water being still locked in, with no possibility now of the out- or of tidal effect, the skating community has acquired some of the quietest and most reliable happy "skimming grounds." It was on Saturday morning when the Ship Canal be- came impassable at Runcorn owing to the tremendous influx of huge blocks of ice. The Ls. Grampus, of Glas- gow, was thy first to suffer, it becoming embedded in the ice, so much so that some of the crew ventured to land on terra _firma whilst the ship was in the centre of the canal! Other smaller vessels were placed in the same unfortu- nate position. The official account supplied by the Ship Canal Company of the blocking of the Canal is as fvl- levist—" The officials of the Manchester Ship Canal Company experienced very little difficulty in keeping the Ship Canal open for navigation until Saturdav,wheis the rising tide brought enormous masses of floe ice, which amounted to some thousands of tons, from the estuary of the river Mersey, through the tidal openings into the Ship Canal near Ruacorn. Large quantities of this ice accumulated immediately above Old Quay swing bridge, Runcorn, with the result that the as, Grampus on her passage from Manchester to Glasgow was unable to pass through it. The Ship Canal Com- pany's steam hoppers, Alpha and Beta, were available for breaking ice in the Canal, and they attempted to relieve the Grampus, but were unable to get through the ice pack, and the company's powerful four propeller dredger Manchester. which was working on the tipper section of the Canal, was requisitioned. The Mulches- cheater succeeoed in forcing a passage through the pack, and after proceeding down the Canal to the Weaver sluices, returned to Old Qii.ty. The s.s. Grampus left Old Quay on Sunday, and proceeded towards Eastham. It will be remetnhereo that the tidal epenings referred I are the„ the e,estruction of which was put upon the Canal Canpany by the opponents of that undertaking %Chi, n in Parliament." It may be stated that Mr. Marshall Stevens and Mr. Hunter superintended the arrangements. On Monday, and during the week.the Manchester and other dredgers have been engaged in keeping the waterway navigable, and in this they have been successful. Owing to the frost, the men employed by the Ship Canal Co., at the Sprinch works, have been put on half-time.

' •

16. 1895.

'

===== 0002601_18950216_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE DEATH OF A CHILD AT HA.TTON.

THE INQUEST: SINGULAR EVIDENCE. A death presenting some rather .suspicious circum- stances took place at Hatton last week. It appears that a single young woman named Ada Maddock,about 23 years of age, recently returned to the village from a home in which she•had been employed as a domestic servant. Her mother perceived that she was enciente, and wae, of course, very much grieved to find her in such a condition. Cu Sunday last week the young woman was confined of a female child, but as no one was in the heuse at the time the event ' was kept for several days as a secret. llowever, on Thursday Mrs. Meddock's suspiciens were arouged owing to certain events, and she questioned her daughter, who admitted that she had given birth to a child, that it was dead, and that it would be found in the back bedroom. A search for the body was made, and it was found. By the coroner's instructions a post-mortem examina- tion of the body was made cm Saturday by Dr. Bowers, who found that the child, which was fully developed, bad breathed. The police were represented at the inquest by Superintendent Atherton, of Runcorn and Sergeant Gosling, of Stockton Heath. The foreman of the jury was Mr. James Parr, sem The girl Maddock was unable to be present. The first witness called was Mary Mad- dock, who stated that she was a single woman living at Hatton. She was a " farm labourer." Ada Maddock the mother of the child, was her daughter. She came to her house some two months ago,and witness noticed that she was then enciente. She had lived with witness since. Witness did not know until her daughter told her that the confinement had taken place. Witness went with her to see the child. She did nothing to it. She simply looked at it and covered it with a cloth. The next day she wee to see the doctor, who paid a visit to the house on Friday night. Dr. H. E. Bowers, practising at Stretton, said that on Friday, the Bth February, he went to the house and found her daughter, Ada Maddock, sitting up, but com- plaining of giddiness. She said she had made no pre- paration for the coufinement, which had occurred on Sunday afternoon, as she did not want her mother to know. Oa examining the body, witness found that it was that of a full-grown female child. He requested the girl's mother, Mary Maddock, to give information to the police, and he did so himself on the following day. The umbilical cord had been torn MI at the placenta end. It was coiled twice round the neck of the child and once round the body. 'There was also a bruise at the back of the child's head. On removing the scalp there was an extravasation of blood beneath correspond- ing with the external bruise. Thera was no fracture of the skull, and the brain was normal. On placing the lungs with the heart attached in water they fhated and buoyed up the heart. When placed and squeezed in water they also floated, which showed that the child had breathed, but owing to the card having been coiled round the neck of the child, strangulation might have taken place before the .complete separation from the mother, as under the circumstances the pressure round the neck must have been great.—Cross-examined by the Coroner: He did not consider that any importance was to be attached to the bruise on the head. There was no fracture. In his opinion the cause of death was strangu- lation by the umbilical cord during birth for 'want' of proper attention. If there had been a second person present the child would have been released. Mary Maddock was re-examined, and she said that her daughter had a child about 18 months ago. She was then attended by Dr. Bowers, who did so at the request of the relieving officer of the Runcorn Union.. .

The Coroner summe7l up the evidence, and remarked that the concealment which had taken place had given cause to very great suspicion, and it was necessary that a strict investigation should be made of all the facts. Had the child been made away with the case would have assumed a very serious aspect, but the evidence of the doctor was clear, and he thought that the verdict of the jury would be " Death from strangulation by the umbilical cord, due to want of attention at birth, the mother being delivered alone and unable to give the necessary attention to her child." The jury returned a verdict accordingly. . '

In answer to Superintendent Athertori,-the doctor said that if the mother continued to improve as she was doing at the present moment she would be able on Mon- day next to leave her home.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WA RRIN GION.

LECTURE ON TANNING.

On Monday evening the second of the lectures on tanning by Mr. J. Gordon Parker, Ph.D., F.C.S., was delivered in the lecture-room at the Museum. Many of the employers and employes engaged in the tanning trade were present. Councillor Shaw Green presided. At the close of the lecture, the Chairman asked those present for an expression of opinion as to whether it would be desirable to form systematic classes for the study of tanning in con- nection with the Technical Institute next winter. A favourable opinion was expressed by Councillor William Pierpoint and Mr. Charles Parker. The last-named gentleman explained that a • similar class to the one proposed was at present being carried on in Penketh. The opinion ot those pre- sent was then taken, and it was unanimously decided in favour of the class. A vote of thanks to ' the lecturer brought the proceedings to a close. STOVES.—GAnLsten, Heating Engineer, Warrington. DEATH OF THE REV. WILLIAM COTHAM,

It is with regret that we announce the death of this highly respected clergyman, which occurred at Stonyhurst College, on Saturcluy. He was the eldest son of the late Dr. Cotbam. formerly of Hardshaw Hall. He left Warrington for Stony- burst in 1819; and after going through the pre- scribed course he entered the Society of Jesus, of which order he was the senior priest at the time of has death. He frequently visited his friends at Warrington. He was engaged in missionary work between 50 and 60 years. He was at Ugbrook (in Devonshire), Wigan, Preston, Liverpool, and St. Helens. He was for some years at Prescot, where with the aid of his confrers and friends, he built the stone church and supplied it with bell, organ and other requisite furniture. At the time of Ms death he was in his 89th year.

S KAT M.—GARLAND. Ironmonger, Warrington and Hades- town, .

WORKINGMEN'S SOCIAL EVENING Under the auspices of thy Gospel Temperance Mission,Buttermarket-st., an enjoyable social enter- tainment was held on Saturday night in the hall, Mr. S. Stringer presiding. Mrs. G. Ayers sang with much feeling "On the Cross of Calvary" and "God gave His Son for me," and Mr. J. Houltram 1" The Anchor's Weighed." The remainder of the proceedings was of a social character. On Sunday night a gospel temperance meeting was held. Mr. J. W. Tanner. who presided, spoke of the blessings of temperance and Christianity. Mr. ti. Taylor, police court missionary, based his remarks on Jus- tice Denman's views of the evils of the liquor traffic, but differed from his views on the question of moderation. Mr. Riley contended that it was only just and right that the people should have the veto of the liquor traffic. It was evident that all who opposed " local veto " were friends of the drink traffic, and were afraid to entrust the people with liberty to control the traffic. . .

ALL 1101.T8HOLD LINEN hemmed and marked, free of charge.—J. and W. DurroN,Sankev-st.. Warrington,—Advt. PROPOSED PORT SANITARY AUTHORITY FOR

MANCHESTER.

At a meeting convened by the Lord Mayor of I Manchester of riparian authorities in the counties of Lancashire and Cheshire which was held at the Town Hall, Manchester, on Tuesday, all the authorities, with the exception of Widnes, were represented. Alderman Sutton, Councillor Roberts, the Town Clerk (Mr. .1. Lyon Whittle), and the Borough Surveyor (Mr. T. Longdin) were present on behalf of the Corporation of Warrington The representatives of Salford, Warrington, the Warrington Distric!, Council and Lymm District Council expressed their approval of the scheme, and their willingness to join the proposed authority, while, on the other hand, Widnes and most other Rural and District Councils objected to do so mainly on the ground of expense. Ultimately a resolution was passed that in the opinion of the conference, it was desirable that a port sanitary authority (which includes the Ship Canal and the Mersey from Ince to Hunt's Bank in Manchester) be constituted for Man- chester, and that the Local Government Board be requested to hold a local inquiry on the subject. SEWING MACHINES Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. Durrox, 16 and 18, Sankey-it.. Warrington. —Advt. SCALDING FATALITY AT WARRINGTON.

Mr. P. A. Jones, deputy coroner, hela an inquest in the Parade Room, Mara-street on Wednesday afternoon on the body of Joseph Bowers who died at the Infirmary on Friday last week from being scald- ed on the sth inst.—Margaret Bowers,mother of de- ceased, stated that at 4.45 on Tuesday the .sth of this month she was cooking on the fire, and, turn- ing away for a moment, her son, aged 2 years and 5 months seized hold of the saucepan handle, and falling over the fender, dragged it on top of lie was scalded badly on the left side of the head and neck. Lime-water and linseed oil were applied, hut on Thur-day, after being attended by the parish nurse, he was taken to the Infirmary.— is. James, parish nurse for Latchford, deposed to being called in to see deceased on Tuesday evening when he was then suffering from burns as described. —Matilda Hill, nurse at the Infirmary said that deceased was admitted on Thursday morning and died there at 3.30 on Friday afternoon, the Bth.—A verdict of " Accidental Death" was returned.

SV4zigt

===== 0002601_18950216_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A

The attendance, on Sunday owing largely to the severe weather, was not quite so numerous as usual, but those who attended were amply rewarded by the specially high quality of the whole meeting. Absentees missed a treat, as they usually do. The chair was taken by Mr. G. Bayley who spoke upon the importance of making true use of these meetings, as opportunities for considering earnestly the bent and bias of ,our life. His few words were well and earnestly given. The chief speaker was Mr. Henry Webb, J.P., of Bury, who spoke with marked ability and power. He took as the basis of his address the word" Climb." Be said that it was a word only used twice in the Bible, one instance being in Joel 2. 7. 'They shall rut like mighty men, they shall climb the wall like men of war.' He said that lie supposed none of his hearers were either soldiers or sailors,but they were men, and meant to mount up in life and character. Taking the word "Climb " letter by letter, he spoke on climbing courageously, climbing lightheartedly, climbing intelligently, climbing man- fully, and climbing belieringly. His address was full of telling points and he was accorded long and hearty applause. Mr. Hipkiss delighted the audience with a solo on the clarionett '•Cujus Animam," accompanied on the organ by Mr. W. H. Payton ; Miss Booth sang very sweetly. "Take the name of Jesus with you." The lesson was read by Mr. Harvey Evans, and prayer offered by Mr. T. Hawthorn. It was announced that next Sunday would be the " Ciaen "Sunday, when the members bring their wives. Mr. Chandos Wilson, of Manchester, will speak. CAIRO-ST. CHAPEL.

The Rev. W. H. Drummond continued bis course of addresses on the history of Unitarianinn at the Cairo- St. Chapel, on Sunday morning.dealing with the history of the movement in England. In the evening Mr. Dru- mmond delivered the second of the advertised course on "Religion in Tennyson's ' Idylls of the King,'" speaking of the poem entitled "Gareth and Lynette," an outline of which he gave, and then pointed out the lessons in- culcated. The service was rendered additionally attrac- tive by Mr. Watts rendering very efficiently as a solo, "Comfort ye," and "Every valley shall be exalted," accompanied on the organ by Mr. J. M. Muir.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD:STREEr iVESI,EYAN CIIURCR.

The usual people's service w-a;-helaTnThe—Bald- street Wesleyan Church on Sunday afternoon. There was a large attendance, and the meeting was conducted by the Rev. J. Kirtian. The address was given by Mr. J. R. Allen, of Lymm. De said the question of pre-eminent importance to-day was, " What might be done to better the condition of the people r After referring to the various sug- gestions which had been made, and the methods which had been adopted to this end, he said that the remedy for all the woes of suffering humanity would be found in none of these things. They must come to Christ; and when in every day life there was a practical application of His teaching, then would come the day of which poets had ever sung, and to which prophets had ever looked for- ward. Jesus Christ had said " Learn of Me, for I am meek and lowly in heart; and ye shall find rest unto your souls." If they obeyed his commands, and emulated His examples, their homes would be better, and their lives would be brighter. He pro- ceeded to show that the temperament would be in- fluenced by taking Jesus Christ as their example. The more closely they followed His teaching, the nobler, purer. and more Christianlike would be their charaeter. The highest type of life was that of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the highest ambition they could possibly have was to live a life similar to His. Miss Jean feelingly sang" The Better Land," and Mr. Allen gave a violin solo which was thoroughly appreciated, as were also the selections performed by the orchestral bend.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DISTRESS AT WAR- RINGTON.

ICE CARNIVAL IN AID OF THE UNEMPLOYED.

An ice carnival in aid of the unemployed took place on Monday evening on the splendid sheet of ice attached to Twiggery Farm, near the Cemetery, which Mr. James Newton generously placed at the disposal of a Corn- , mittee. The ice was illuminated by several " Wells" lights,and although the committee had only a few hours' notice a good evening's entertainment was put forward and thoroughly enjoyed by the large number of specta- tors present. The chief event of the evening was a skat- ing handicap for ladies, 120 yards, in which 24 competi- tors took part for the valuable prizes offered, and after some excellent racing the following ladies were success- ful in securing prizes :-Ist prize, Miss E. Grimshaw, 20 yards start, a ladies' companion presented by Alderman Wright; 2.1 d prize, Miss G. Ratcliffe, 25 yards start, ladies' work box presented by Mr. Joseph Allison; 3rd prize, Miss M. Coop, scratch, ladies' satchel, presented by Mrs. M. Whittle, Marquis of Granby; 4th prize, Miss L. Allen, 10 yards start, case of spoons, presented by: Messrs. Skelton and Comp toy. After the above event a race was arranged for the brush brigade there being 7 competitors and Messrs. G. Melyneaux, W. Molyneaux, and F. Maloney securing Ist. 2nd. and 3rd. prizes res., pactively. During the evening, Messrs. Lockett and Sherwood gave an exhibition of ornamental skating which was most interesting to the spectators. Mr. Alder- man Wright (who had given mast able assistance during the afternoon) in a neat speech presented the prizes and thanked Mr. Newton for his generosity in granting the use of the ice,and also Mr. Habberley and his co-workers for the admirable manner in which the Carnival had been conducted. The following gentlemen took charge of the proceedings : Chairnsan of Committee, Alderman Wright ; hon. secretary,Mr. W. Habberley ; Committee, Councillor Shaw, Messrs. Longdio, J. Farrington, J. D. Brimelow, H. Hope, J. T. Whittle, W. Wood, J. Willett, E. Taylor, W. Haigh, Joseph Allison, and F. Donley. There will, we understand, be something like £2O to hand over to the relief fund. MEETING OF RELIEF COMMITTEE.

A meeting of the executive committee which was ' elected last year to take charge of the fund remaining' from the subscriptions which ware received to relieve the distress sonsequent upon the coal atrike of last year, was held in the Town Hall on Thursday morning. The com- mittee has already been doing good work, and the secretary (Mr. Stanley Vi ilson) reported that up to that day, 1,396 tickets for food had been issued at a cost of £157 is.. and in addition to this 1,296 coal tickets at a cost of £43 4s„ and that the total surn expended was £222, leaving a balance in hand of £77 Bs. 4d. The committee resolved to open a soup kitchen on Friday, and through the kind permission of the volunteer officers, the Drill Hall was appointed as the place for distrihutinn. The hours of distribution were fixed from 11 o'clock to 12.30 p.m., and the method was on similar lines to those adopted during the coal strike, tickets to be obtained at Bank House. It was also decided forth- with to make an appeal for subscriptions, through the local press, and to continue the issue of tickets for coal, but no further tickets for food were to be issued. The 'Master Builders'Association have contributed £2O to the fund, and have issued tickets to men directly engaged in the building trade, through Mr. R. W. Collin of Marson-st. The committee will meet every Thursday.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
-,-. FRODSHAM.

THE PAROCHIAL CommrrEs.—This committee held a special meeting on Friday. Mr. H. E. Heywood occu- pied the chair. A report of the sub-committee appointed to investigate the alleged encroachment over a building line set out by the Parochial committee was presented. They reported that they bad found that Mr. Rothwell I had exceeded that line by about si inches. Mr. C. E. Linaker attended on behalf of Mr. Rothwell, and ex- plained that if such was the case it nad not been inten- tionally done, and he believed that the builder of the shop fronts referred to had had instructions to keep within the line set out in the plans approved by the Parochial Committee. Mr. Shore moved that Mr. Roth- well be directed to cause the windows to be taken down ' and built within the line, and this was seconded by Mr. James Illidge. Mr. T. A. Rigby ingaired whether Mr. Rothwell could be allowed to keep the windows up as they were, on his paying a nominal rent. The Chairman thought that this would not act very well. An amend- ment was proposed by air. Esrlam that no projection should be allowed over the building line as per the minute of the 24th November last. This was seconded by Mr. Joseph Corker, when five voted for the amend- ment and eight against. Mr. Barrow moved that the buildings remain as they are without any alteration, but this was not seconded. Mr. J. M. Williams gave notice ithat at the next meeting he would move that the resolu- tion of the 24th November be rescinded. _ _ _

Tun UNRIEPLOYED.—During the frost a Relief Commit- tee has sat each Friday afternoon and dispensed relief to from 70 to 80 families of the unemployed. Subscrip- tions to th relief fund are taken by the treasurer, Mr. W. B. Frith, at Parr's Bank, Frodsham. MOTHERS"rEA MEETING.—In the Victoria Hall, on Fri- day afternoon, the annual Mothers' tea and entertain- ment was held. About 90 members were present. An excellent address was delivered by the Rev. Thomas Champness at the evening meeting. THE COUNTY COUNCIL REPRESENTATIVE.—Mr. T. Baxter, C.C., is the retiring councillor for the division, but as yet no steps have been taken to oppose his re- election. The County Council elections have been fixed for March 2nd. SHOOTING ACCMENT.—Mr. Trapnell, the Moreton Terrace, Frodsham, whilst out shooling on Frodsham Marsh, on Friday. received injuries to his hand. One of the cartridges accidentally exploded, and shot a piece ,of his thumb off. He is being attended by Dr. Selby.

A bullet has been discovered in the head of a yoting man whose body was found in the canal near Oswestry on Saturday. It is thought probable that trio deceased bailed from the neighbourhood of Liverpool

Sabbertigti

IttO not elaYsifitb.

WAIIIIINCITON.

.sur.Ess. AT the end of the Coal Strike a balance remained of n 63 7. eld., and this was left inthe hands of the Executive Committee to be disposed of at some future time. The distress arising from the long frog appeared to the Com- mittee a suitable time te dispose of this balance, and accord- ingly the Cominitt,e have been giving relief ,to deserving cases for the last five weeks, and are sorry to say this will be exhausted to-day (Saturday). We now appeal to our fellow townsmen for subscriptions in aid of the fund for the relief of thidistress now existing in the town. The Committee have two Enquiry Officers at work daily, and so far as possible relief is only given to deserving cases after fall enquiry. Many eases of sickness are being relieved by a Ladies' Com- mittee. presided over by the Alsyo•ess and each case per- sonally visited by th • Ladies theme 21, es, Subscriptions may be fortvar.,ed to the Mayor, or paid into any of the local Banks, and fo at may be sent to the Town Hall.

The following subscriptions have been received : Warrington Thailders' Association ll 0 0 Lady Greenall J. Charlton Parr. Esq. Cecil Parr, 289• Mrs. Sharp. Sankey-street P. Mooks, Req. (£2 weekly) In Memoriam, P.W.K. 1 0 0 T. A. Kwart, Bag Proceeds of B akar held by the Kisses EV& & Bessie Richardson 0 leo 0 L. C.

THEATRE ROYAL AND Orgn HOUSE, Sr. HELENS. SOLE PROPRIETOR AND MANAGER (Also Leases of Theatre Royal, Sheffield, sad Theatre Royal, Leicester) Mr. WALLACE RRVILL. ACTING MANAGER AND TREASITR.FR—Mr. RICHARD SOARS• MONDAY NIIXT, FEBRUARY 18ra, -3 AND EVERY Evwurm DURING VIE WEER,' , ,RETURN VISIT TO ST. ILEUMS OF MR. WILLIA.II GREET'S CELEBRATED COAPANY, in ths Highly-Successfar. And Amusing G'-ss-you-pleass Musical Piece—.

int ,OUGH OF Vt; DI

===== 0002601_18950216_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY SLAVEY

Writtrii ley George Dance. Music by John Croak. Which has been played 'upwards of 400 nights in the Provinces. Admission —Private Bases, £2 2s. and £1 108.; Dress Circle, 3s, (First Bow Dress); Orchestra Stalls. 2s. ; Upper Circle. is. 61.; Pit Stalls, is. ; Pit, 8.1. ; Amphitheatre, 6d„ ; Gallery. 41. Half-Price at 9 o'clock to all parts. Amphitheatre and G illery excepted. Seats may lir bucked between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. daily. Doors open at 7, commence at 7-30. • Saturdays, half-an-hour earlier. Early doors will be opened at 635 each evening. Parties wishing to avoid the crush will be admitted by same, on pay- ment of 2d. extra to Gallery. 3d. to Amphitheatre, 4d. to pit, and 63. extra to any other part of the Theatre. Late train, land sped il conveyances as usual.

BELFORD'S "TURPINA."—If you buffur from RHEUMATISM, GOUT, LUMBAGO, ASTHMA, SWOLLEN LIMBS. or any similar ailments, send for a bottle of my" Turpina," it will speedily and radically cure you. Instant relief after first application. Splendid testi- monials. In bottles at Is. 10., 25.9 d., and 4s. 6d, each, or post free 3d. extra, la P.U.O. or stamps.--JAMES EEL- TOED, 149, CLE VELA.ND-ST., LONDON, W.

WANTED a Good GENERAL SERVANT. age about 20. —Apply Mks. kyr, 345, Park-road, Oldh4m.

65i, MOL&SKINS hr Sale, Spitautid Condition.— kJ Apply C. DICKINSON, Wiuster, Windermre.

NVANT ED Sufferers from lihrumatic to send 24 penny stamps, Sure cure, never known to fall, to MT. BENJAMIN WHITTAKER, 22 Levant-et,. Padiham, Lan- cashire. Agents Wanted.

PER OffS requiring Knowledge of Business, how to earn money, for particulars enclo4e stamp.—BEECH, 24, Loom-street, Bradford.

rpo int SOLD CHHAP.—Several Hansoms, Broughams, Landaus, Side-light Coaches, Waggonettes, char-a- bane+, Dog Carts, Gigs, Governess Cars. Phaetons, &c., Hearses, Mourning Coaches, and Saloon Funeral 'Buses,— Apply W. H. Hiiart, Beclesall-road, Sheffield.

WANTED, competent GENERAL SERVANT, accustomed to children; ni,St have good character ; good wages, Apply, 49, PROBPECTUS-V.LE. Fairfield, Liverpool.

44 rilH R BILLET RIFLE "will kill 100 birds or rabbits at JL cost of Is. 6d, wih ths celebrated noiseless cart- ridges. Price 9s. Pocket rifles, 9s. 6d. Cartridges, is. 6d. KO Guns, Rifles, Nets, Traps, Fishing, and :'porting Requisites. Lists 14„ carriage paid.—Jortx EGGLESTON. Naturalist, Sunderland.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. (continued from nage 6.) _ THURSDAY.

In the House of Commons on 'Thursday evening, Mr. AsqulTH informed Mr. WOODS that he proposed intro- ducing at an early opportunity a bill deAling with the question of explosions of coal-dust in mines. Mr. ACIAND, replying to Mr. COURTNEY, said he would I instruct inspectors to judge leniently schools whose effi- ciency had been temporarily impaired in consequence of irregular attendance caused by the inclement weather. In answer to a queAtlon, Mr. BRYCE said he proposed to introduce the bill for providing light railways at the earliest opportunity he could find.

Mr. MORLEY staied that Dr. WALSH, the Roman Catho- lic Archbishop of Dublin,. and Lord PLuxaerr, the Prostestant Archbishop of Dublin, had been appointed to fill vacancies on the Board of Commissioners of Irish National Education.

Sir W. Ileaconar, questioned by Mr. BANBURY', said he was informed by the National Debt Commissioners that the securities held by them on account of the de. posits of the Post-office S ngs'fiank had hitherto earned more than sufficient to pay the present rate of interest. But the margin was growing extremely narrow, and he proposed to appoint a departmental committee to inves- tigate the subject. The debate on the Irish amnesty amendment to the motion for an Addr,,ss in reply to the QUEEN'S speech was resumed. Sir W. HARCOURT said the Government regarded the amendMent as a censure upon them, and he appealed to the Irish members to allow the House to come to a vote. Mr. SEXTON said he did not regard this las a vote of confidence, but if the Government did not act upon the logical ronsequernes of their Home Rule Bill and grant an amnesty they would be surrendering the exercise of the prerogative of mercy into thc hands of the House of Lords. Dr. WALLACE, Mr. ILLlNO- wortra, and Mr. LOGAN supported the amendment, and Mr. MATTITEWS opposed it. On a division the amend- ment was rejected by 299 to 111. .

Mr. A. MORTON mpved an amendment regretting that the reselution of the house of May 5, 1893, In regard to the appointment of county magistrates had not been fully carried out. Sir W. HARCOURT said the resolution of the House had beed carried out so far as was possible. The LWID CrIANCRLLoa was desirous that there should be no di3enfranchisement for creed or class, and in that spirit be had appointed a number of working- class men with great advantage to the administration of justice. The amendment Was withdrawn. Mr. HARRnsaTom moved an amendment in favour of an inquiry into the r se of the men in prison for the murder of the JOTCA family at Maatnstrasna, county Galway, in 1832. Mr. MoncEr promised to give his at- tention to any new facts which might be furnished tn him, and the amendment was withdrawn.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS. BRUNNER, MOND AND CO., LIMITED. THE HALF-YEARLY BALANCE SHEET. A 30 PER CENT. DIVIDEND.

Appended is the report of the directors of Messrs. Brunner, Mond and Co., Limited, Winnington, North- wich, to be submitted to the half-yearly meeting of the shareholders at Liverpool on Thursday next : The balance sheet and profit and loss account, certi- fied by the auditors, and now presented, show a balance to the credit of profit and loss Recount on the working of the half-year ended on the 31st December, 1894, of £145,075 4s. 2d., which, with the amount of £89,592 8. 10d. brought forward from the previous half-year, imakes a total of £234,667 13R. I The directors propose to deal with the above balance I as follows :—.

Dividend on the preference capital, at 7 percent. per annum Dividend on the ordinary capital, at 30 per cent, per annum Amount to be written off patents account 2.500 0 0 Balance to be carried forward

Total

1,667 13 0

It will he noticed that the debt owing by the holders of the 22,500 ordinary shares issued in 1884, for the premium of £lO per share, has during the last half-year been paid off, and the item finally disappears from the balance sheet. The shareholders are requested to note that the divi- dend warrants will be posted on Tuesday, the 26Ph inst. The directors who retire in rotation are Mr. Milner, Mr. bland, Mr. Schellhaas, and Mr. Crosfield, all of whom are eligible for re-election. The directors recommend to the shareholders that Mr. Alfred Moritz Mond, barrister-at-law (am of Mr. Lud- wig. Mond), be elected a director. The audibers retire, but are eligible for re-election. Juts T. liutllibifia4 cltairwan.

tA:k,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RA. ILW V TIME TA BLE

F EBRUARY.

kektoll WARRINt*TON TO

dem Bridge-7 10,7 35. 8 28, 10 45, 150, 235, 55. 35. 1 28. Sundays 10 15 am. Altrar and diiihouse —712,8 37,a1l 15,1. 14.a3 15,a 4 o,a 635 TB lon lays 9 40, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if require/a. Birmingham (L N -‘17.)*30.a3 23, 711,9 50 1.4 0, 1 50,3 58, 5 15, 6 33, 7 28, 1135. Sunday s 3 0. 1.0 15.4 2C,, 11 35. a Mo.- , di'ys only. *.MonTyys excepted. Birmingham (lulidland)-6 14. 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, 2.5 11 52, Sundays 11 45, 4 25,5 15 p.m. Blackborn-2 40, 520 545. 8 30, 955, 11. 40,12 35, 2 25, 3 48, .6 14, 8 47 102. Sundays 843. 60. Blank pool-5 20, 545, 835. 955. 100. 11 40.12 35, 225, 3 48, 6 14, 117. 847, 102. Sundays 2 40, 843 60. Bolton-5 45,8 25, 919 100, 0 43. 3 80, 42k, 6 25; 7 17, 915 Sundays 8 43 a.m., 50. p.m. Carlisle-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 955. 10 0, 11 40, 2 40, 3 48. Sun- days 2 40. 3 35. Chester—*7 42 95. 10 23. 12 7, 12 15, 140, 1 52, 3 17, 422, 5 11, 64, 7 42. 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 7 45,11 32. Collins Green-7 10. 8 20. 10 5. 12 7, 12 3.5, 3 30, 3 48, 3, 6 20, 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 43. 60. Crewe—a3 0, 53 23, 7 10, 8 28, 950, 10 43, 12 0, 1 50. 235. 311. 5 15, 728, 1135. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 23, 1135. a Mondays excepted. b3dondays only. Daresbury-7 42, 9 5, 1215, 1 52. 3 17, 5 11, 64, 742, 10 14, Sunday s 8 44, 7 45 p m. Derby (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50, 11. 53, Sundays 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m. Eariestovi n—s 45, 710. 825. 835. 1047, 12 35. 1. 15, 348. b 35. 9 15, 10 10, 1020. Sundays:7 40, 8 43, 60, 7 47, 945. *eaturdays only. Edinburgh-2 40, S2O. 9 55, 11. 40, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15, Sundays 240 a.m. 9 45 p m Fiddler's Ferry & Penk. th —7 38, 8 25, 10 0. 11 48, 25, 3 20. 512, 6 17. 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 750. Frodsham —7 42 95. 1023, 1215, 1 52,3 /7. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 7 42,10 14. Sandays 844 a.m.. 745 Garston (Cheshire Line-)-7 12, 7 56, 8 31. 95, 10 50., 120 15,2 5. 40, 5 29. 610. 70.80. c 9 30, dlO 23, 11 39 Sun- days 90. 9 55. 11 25, 2 32, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. cSaturdays eccepted. Cilasgow-2 40, 520, 955. 1.140, 1235. 240. 3 48, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 9 45. Golborne-5 45. 7 10, 835. 1040, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays *sty. 348. 5 35. 7 17, 915 1010. Sundays 843.60. Hough Green-7 12,7 56.8 31,9 5./1930.10 40.120,1 .5.210.4 0. 6 29. 6 10.6 33. 79. 7 10, 80, 8 37, a 9 30, alo 15. Sunday 90, 11 25,2 32, 9 18. aNioudays and Saturdays only. cSat- urdays excepted. Warn and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 70, 10 5 Sundays 8 56, 10 12. 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 9 28. Latcoford —From Arpley Station-6 0, 7 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, 1049. 12 35, 1 16. 238. 4 11, 5 18, 6 13. 78, a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays 850. 3 8. 818. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. 86 N.-W.)-525. 7 10, 8 23, 835. 10 5, 127. 1 42, 3 48. 55,6207 8, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 843, 328. 456, 60. 9 45. From High Level Platform. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 25,10 0,10 14, 11 48. 2 5, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17. 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 43, 2 40, 7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Li,,es)—a4 29, 530. 7 12, 7 58, 8 37. 850, 95, 9 50, 10 24.10 24,10 35, 1050, 11 50, 12 0, 12 50, 12 57, 1 15. 1 50, 25. 2 50, 332, 3 50. 40, 4 50, 5 29, 559, 6 10, 6 18, 60, 70, 7 SC, 80, 8 50,9 6, 9 18, 10 10 10 45, alllo, 11 18 Sundays 430, 5 30, 90, 9 55. 11. 25. 2 20, 2 32. 7 5, 830,939, 10 15, 1033. aExcept Mondays. London (L.& N.-W.)-03 0, b 323. 735. 9 50, 10 45, 120 , 155. 3 11, 515, 1135. Sundays 30, 1015, 420, 1135 *Mondays excepted. bNlondays only. London (Midland)-6 14, 959. 1139. 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53. Sundays 11 45 a.m , 425 p.m. Lymm-6 20.7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36,1 16, 2 38, 4.11, 3 18. 613, 78, a 7 45, 913. Sundays 850. 38. 8 18. aSatundays only. From Arol..y Station Manohester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 2 0, 320. 4 21. 65, 7 17. 98, li2o. Sundays 245 Liii., 50, 60, 747, aMondays only. From High Level Platt 14M. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)—'6 23 7 20,? 55. 8 57, 9 55, 1046. 114, 2 35. 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. Sundays 846, 3 5. 81.5. 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manehe.ster (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 755, 8 21, 8 55. 90, 955, 1055. 1125, 1155, 12 55, 155, 255, 355. 455, 555, 655, 70, 7 55, 8 12. 8 55,9 55, alo 0, all 10, 11 50. Sundays S 56, 9 37, 10 12, 35, 317, 515, 718, 855, 922. 923, 965 Saturdays only. Middlewicti-7 35, 1045. 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. Moore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-IVlllows-2 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35. 9 19, 10 0, 11 40, 12 14, 12 35, 3 20, 348. 4 21. 5.35, 625, 717, 91.5 10 10, 10 20. Sundays 245. 7 40. 8 43, 335, 50, 60, 747.

•48. Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 1027. 1227. 142. 2 17, 5 28, 7 0, 8 10. 10 8. Sundays 856. 10 12. 3 50, 5 15,9 28. PlrOtto7l-2 40. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 100, 11 40, 12 35, 225, 3 48,6 14, 7 17, 847, 102. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 3 35. 60,

_ -945. = Runcorn-7 38, 825, 100. 11 48, 25, 320. 5 12, 6 17, 8 0 Sank.v ((or Penketh)-7 55, 95, 105. 10 443,11 0, 12 0,1 6 - tlO, 258,40. 5 29. 66 10. 70,80, a 9 30, 510 20,1045. Sun. days 90, 11 25. 232. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. ()Satur- days only. (CL. D.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinlev and Dore Line (commenced ' iu.mt 25)-8 55 10 55. 12 27. 155. 46. 6 55. Sundays 55 p.m, St. Helens--525, 710. 82. 835, 105. 127. 1235, 330, 5, 6)0, 78. 9 15, 1020. Sundays 835. 8 43, 60, 9 45. !Southport (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15, 14. 3 i 5, 40, 53, 6 35,7 9, 9 10. Sundays 9 40,2 5,8 50, sEisturtlys only. Thelwall-6 20, 722,80. 9 0, 958, 10 49.12 36,1 16,2 38.4 11, 12, 613 73. a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays, 850. 38, 818. a Satur- dl; only. From Arpley Station. Vines (Cheshire Lines) —7 56. 95, 105, 110. 120, 15, 25, 2 58, 40. 5 29, 6 10, 70, 58 O. 9 10, a 9 30. 510 15. Sun- days 90, 9 40, 2 32, 9 18, aiaturdays excepted. bBaturdays Widnes (L. and N.-W-) —7 38, 825, 190, 1014. 11 48,2 5, 320, 5 12,6 17. 80. 948. Sundays, 8 48, 40, 7 50. Wigan 2 40, 5 20. 5 45, 7 10. 8 35, 9 55. 11 40, 1235. 1 15. 2 25. 348. 535. 614, 8 47. 10 2,10 10. Sundays 240. 843, 3 35. 60, 9 45

===== 0002601_18950216_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 35, 7 45. 8 52, 11 43, 37, 436, 6 44, 829 Mondays 153. 432. &Mar and Hilllouse-9 14, 1 16. 7 18, 8 24, 949. Sundays OM, 2 26,8 22. Birmingham (L. & N -W.)-3 10, 60. 720, 90. 11 30, 12 15, 3 40, 550. 7 25, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12 15. 70. Blrmingha n (NBldland)-6 5, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 0 945. 810 30,11 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, 1255. Okla- __

'apt Mondays. Blackburn-8 30.8 50, 1048.1 35, 24, 3 13,6 30. 755, 1012. Bundl,s 80, 540. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45. 9 55, 1035, 35, 7 10, 835, 100. Sundays 740. 1 35,5 15,8 40 Blackoool (Central)-8 0 8 27, 8 55. 9 51. 1013. 20, 2 50, 4 4i. 6 55. 8 15. Sandals 7 10, 1 20, 4 55. 85). Dolton-5 45, 80, 9 15. 10 35.12 35. 220, 415. 513. 5 55, 30. Sundays 610. 920 p.m. Carlisle-12 6, 6 50, 840. 930, 12 34, 140. 422, 5 38, 8 41. Man tays 125 a.m.. 8 41. 12 10 p.m. Chestrr-2 0.7 25, 8 45. 9 40, 1012, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25,2 10 z°. 3 45, 5 30, 635. 735, 835. Sundays 20, 630 a,m. 7 64 p.m. Collins Gr-en-6 39, 7 16. 8 42. 109. 1236, 1 4, 143, 210 3 le. 5 23. 6 23. 7 47. 9 16. 10 43. Sundnys 8 1 .115 Crewe-2 3,4 42. 60, 813. 920. 115, 1110. 150, 235. G 40, 6 5.8 5, 9 20. Sundays 23. 4 42, 7 10, 2 40, 40, 912. Dare- t, 16. 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 13. Sundays • 7 21. 7 37 p.m. Derby— 15, 10 20. 1 10, 35. 350, 4 45. 7 0, 83, al2 35 3 33 _Sundays 7 30,6 18, 650, 3 33. aExcept

Mondays. - Barlestown-6 55, 7 30. 8 42, 924 10 9, 11 23, 11 52, 12 45, 16. 133. 3 20, 5 8. 5 20, 5 53, 6 30, 8 33, 9 12. 120. dAysSun 8 34, 9 52, 10 3, 4 0. 7 18 7 23. Edinburgh-10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60. 9 10. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 9 5.9 43, 1224, 2 17, 3 21 ST. 13 2. 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 832. 257,87. Frodsharn-7 55, 93, 102. 11 27, 2 32. 4 7, 5 27, 6 57, 7 57 Sundays 6 59. 7 16 t. m. Clanton (Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 627,750 90, 9 50. 1040, j 5, 1 12.1, 13, 4 20, 4 56. 58. 556. 657.93, 1121. Sun- days 8 23, 9 10. 2 40, 3 17. 4 42, 6 51, 8 41. Glasgow-1010, 20, 555. 95. Sundays 550. 95. Golta,rne-6 44, 826. 1022. 1228, 241. 535, 8 20, 91, 1942. Sundays 9 40. 75. Haugh (lreen-6 40. 83, 8 25,9 10, 1) 3, 1 14, 154. 2 24, 4 55 015 5 26,7 3, 7 11, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, S 31, 4 30, 08. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-658.7 38,9 56, 12 55, 5 4, 8 58, 11 20. Sundays 10 59, 6 50. 8 35. 10 0. Latchford-8 13, 840. 932 106. 1117. 120. al 45. 2 13, 30,4 22. 65 41. 6 7. 6 49. 7 49, 9 42, 1127. Sundays 833. 2 33, 7 33. aSaturclays only. bEaturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)- a 2 .35 60, 80. 9 20, 11 50, 130. 30, 430.535,75. 835. 105. 71115. Sundays 730, II 50. 8 40. aMondays only. .Saturdays only. • Via Widnes-6 25 820. 95. 955 12 20. 130. 2 40, 3 35, 420, 520. 8 10. 1045. Sun,4ays 745, 210 719. 1045. Livery°, 1 (Central)-5 45, 6 10, 7 30, 8 3(2, 3 4",', 3 43, 9 30, 9 35, 9 38, 10 30.11 30. 11 55, 12 30 12 35, 1 0, 1 30, 1 54, 20. 30, 3 45, 430, 440, 45 . 530. 536. 630. 6 35, 730, 80 30, 840 935, alO 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 230, 855, 4 20, 6 30, 8 30. 930. &Mondays and Saturrhys only. Load,' (L. & N -W.)-5 15. 7 15. 10 10. 210.4 le. 5 30, 19 0, 120. Sundaya 10 ()A.M., 50. 100.129 London (Midland.)-5 15, 105, 120, 20, 40, 50, a 9 15, 120. sundays 3 15. 12 0. a except. Mondays Lyrom -8 5. 832. 9 23, 9 58. 119. 1 U. al 37. 2 5. 2 50, 4 14, b 5 33, 5 SE, 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sun lays 825, 225, 7 25. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Man .bester (L. & N .-W.)-6 0, -7 0, 85, 9 40, 1125. 1.5, 235. 3 45, 425, 5 10, 7 5,9 2), 10 40. Snadays 30. 60. 10 40. rrorn Ex..hange. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750. 925. 1036. 12 36 19, 20. 34) 655. 520. 65.7 5. 855, 10 46. Suu day I 40, 1 40.6 30. 65,,turdays excepted. - litanehoster (Chu-hire Linea)-6 48. 7 20. 3 30, 19 5, 9 30. 9.35, 95.. 10 30,10 45, 1130. 12 30, 12 45, 1 30, 2 30. 3 30, 4 30, OW13,1) 636, 610, 638, 730. 830. 833.9 5, alO 50,11.. Sun- -9.1411480.10,45. 9 30. 10 40. 1 40. 20 25, 6 30. 8 15. 9 40. aMon- slohtinsa. eiturdays only. t ç.6 58 1137.242.61. , 2 r 5,7, 320. 4 50 687. Sundays 815,4 48. efs Acis 4 4(2yr6-47,. 0 6.55, 7 31, 8 42. 9 24, 13 li ~.,- 2 35. 91 94 11 $, Swictsygt3o. 949. 1010. 355, 715, irVi 44-115"v2R41419,4,0. WWI, •,4 - Padote-7 51, 826, 109, 19, 517, 73, 916. Sun, 53 Ii ta,59,1111.1i:t.e5 eon-rn151,1 ..t!! n.. 8-*•6511,64a2.11,•..ba..35...5.50....9 5.7.9.:99.-Olt 29,;t11 29, 2 4.' 4 2s. 7 F,9 986, ~',101511(06•1nda,T9..75 111 13135,l r3rlNo 6 •.,, 10 47, nEittSialtor.4o.vB..excapterl..rbAtlocit3';trioraitTo only. • rutooa,s--8.3394-e,h9.a rktY2s. ra- a.-it 30,' -si so. +400.-nis so. I 29i IMES ................. ',77.,, 1,,,.., .. dot acnr:sl3 —Fhritire-"4-fer Penketh)-6 51, 8 14 8 41, 927. 10 1), 1124. as zzerari ssa 20-3.44.4 21...5.4.0,.6 MI 26, 934. Sundays ▪ 467,54, 9 15, 9 8, (C., ..) alligelltry(tiMbiliendiymileClSlDlEo 416.1. M. reaillm, (inifunei6l eitoDa3V100111(l. 2 t 6.4.35.5, .., ,k11045,.ri:6'ip._Cr3...,5; TN 13 .4„; • • 1 rgyst444%;B7; ilisigA.l.ll•Jegrad.l4,l. ..". V V Worli'ssa s Ti,. • ' . ...,' • !,,, eputi;‘,•rt .( Lopi 6( reet) 810. 9 0.10 211 1.7'14.1,101e. irefp,s+4 OW 0V;(1194. n 604106.044 0104,6,210. P.‘l6 Inj 44A46r59.•1/ .7E1344111 iv, Lem:4l A 11171 Ricsrurg bn9f) mfilhon'o.l4l44o 9.13 3d. ..913.1102.4..-11.1-ani 16;10.14601 9012'55, *lbs 9tioeoql, q Lofi .I, g s„sfil Ts,. 10..4,201141Y118./Vp l' 229. /29 aSatu;d:.s's oi. :-13 -70, • ' ttl i ItintitPlCkit4Atifti, be; %3 ild,;., 4 .q44'''''f ii.,...,,. 1 J a, ..:,) 47.;...,1.-1•) rY7lf .. ~ ~, Z: ill: ,A.1)C111 Widnes (Cheshire LineA)“:, e A 9,16. le q; 1111.012 16. 126. 3 30z13155,;4,PErt 5,59.0,12. 7 18:-.7 58..9 25.1Snicda3i 842. 336, 5 QP5,2'4./.4+ _,. ~,, ~ Wirt. -2 41, 4333;8 lb, ' 9 31, 1010. 1723. 1215. 2 2c,„ 4 `4. 5 25, 8 10. 8 52, 10 30. Sundays 2 41, 9 30, 1041. 00, 1113.

COMUON SYMPIOMS OF

===== 0002601_18950216_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1895.

M-s-rs J. GAdes and J. H. Fleming.

Teounts STORE.—James Weedon was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Winwick-st., at 12.30 a.m. on Wednesday morning. P.C. Evans in proving the case said that defendant was committing the offence outside the Central Station, and that he had travelled from Manchester to Liverpool without t,ickt, and the railway officials were going to take proceed ngs against him.—Prisoner admitted being drunk and said, making a soldierly salute to the Bench, "I am most happy to say I was never in a Police Court before." No doubt this assertion had some effect, for he was let if with a fine of ss. including costs.

RUNCORN PE f tit SESSIONS. MONDAY.—Before Maj r B tzlehurst (chairman) and Mr. IL Reynolds. TRANSIMR OF LICENSII —Peter Hadley applied for, and was granted, atr Insfar of the license of the Vine Hotel, Lowlands-road, Runcorn. from Peter Darlington. ;•cnoot. ArremnsNcs CASE —Peter S7ubbs, Stmne-et., Rune rn, was fined Ss. for neglecting to send his child regularly to school. Mr. T. Bowyer, school visitor, pro- /wowed. DRUNK AND DISORDIORLY.—James McTurk, Surrey-st., was fined 104. and tla. 6d. costs, or in default of pay- ment fourteen dare' imprisonment. for being drunk and disorderly in Greenwar-road. For a similar offence in John-nt. on Sunday night ,Francis Irving,a seaman from Liverpool, was fined ss. and costs.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. SATURDAY.—Betore Mr. 'l'. J. Gillespie (chairman),Mr. B. Srone, Col. J. L. Wood, and Mr. N. McCorquodale. IMUNKENNESS —For drunkenness, John Walsh, New- ton, was fined 2s. 61 and costs; Michael Costello, New- )fl % Si. and costs; Thomas Quinn, John and John fCeneally, Flayd-ck, Si. and costs. OrtsrancrrNo TUE RoAD.—Jaseph Shielda, Haydock, was ch rgi d with allowing a horse and cart to remain from 1.20 p.m. to 1 50 p m.nn Jannary 30th opposite the Ram's liorel, without leaving anyone in charge.—P.C. • Blackburn stated that when he went into the Ram's Head Hotel, he found the defendant drinking.—Defend- ant wa4 fined 54. And costs. ATTIEMPTIM SUICID/I.—John Dickenson was charged with attempting to commit suicide at Golhorne, on January 21, by planing himself across the rails of the Imndon and North-WArtern railway. The prisoner had been remanded from the Warrington Petty Session s at which place it was stated that prisoner got on he railway at Goiborne and seeing a train coming, he placed his head on the rails. Two men who were on the bridge above saw him, and shouted to him. He thereupon raised him,elf to o,lt at them, and the train going past he escaped unhurt. —Superintendent Brassington said that the man had been drinking, hut he now promised to return to work.—Mr. Taylor, P.C.M., said that he would find the prisoner some work to do.—The pri- soner's brother who was in court promised to look after him, and he was accordingly discharged. A JUDICIAL SRPARATION —George Cooper, Newton, was charged with assaulting and beating his wife Miry Cooper, on January 28. A separa- Con order was also applied for.—Mr. lit. Stuart, who representori the wife, s iid that the parties had been married 18 years, and had several children. During the greater portion of her married lie, the complainant had had to maintain herself and her family, and she and her husband had not lived happily together. Matters cul- minated on January 26, when 'llooper kick d his wife violently. He was then drunk, and he wai in the habit of ill-treating his wife every time he was drunk, which was very frequently.—The complainant who was called corriihnrated her solicitor's statement, and said that she was in danger of her life. Her husband could earn 255. pr week. The magistrates considered that there was ample j.er ifieation for a, separation. They would fine deiendare 20a. and costs for the assanit, and grant a separation order, the defendant to pay Is. 61. per week to his wile. A Row to • PUDLIC-HOUSZ.—Thomas and James Navin were each charged with assaulting and heating William Travis, at Golhorne, on January 19.—The evidence of Travis Wig to the effect that a quarrel arose in the Sir Charles ?tinier over a glass of ale, and the two defend- ants ka,cked him down, and gave him a black eye. Several witnesses gave evid-nce in supp,rt of this state- ment, and the defendants were each fined ss. and costa.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN BRANCH OF THE WOMEN'S TE‘IPERANCE ASSOCIATION.

In the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom. Runnorn, on Wednesday evening, the annual meeting of the Runcorn Branch of the Women's Temperance Association was hold. The ev, ning meeting was preceded by a tea e which dhoti 350 pereons were present. At the sub. quent gathering there was a crowded attendance, at which Mr. R. Garnett, of Penketh. pees' led. she was supported on the plitforra by Miss Dutton, of Moore, Mesdames Silcock,and Preston (Widnes), and M.-idames Morris, (tank, Harrop (sectetary),Fisarken bury, Staff rd, Wilton, Lesthwoed, Ret nolda Richardson, L-ach„ T. Leach, S. R. Jones, Bisbrown, Mistes Littler. „pines, Simkin. RPVI Norman. After the Rev. J. Pulford Williams had engaged in prayer. Mrg. Flarrop read the annust report which showed that steady progress had been mid., the membership of the local branch number- ing 60 Mier meeting all expenses there was a satis- factsry bat ince in hand. Mrs. Garnett, in the course of an excellent address, allu.ied ti the depression ha trade, and remarked th it if the money spent in drink, was spent in a righ' manner, they would he able to have all the necessities they re- quired. Toe much money in this country was spent upon that which wds utterly wasted, which ottlht to he spent on Marketable grrviA. She urged her hearers to push on with the temperance work, for in a town like Run- corn, instead of having 80 members they should have 800. Miss Dutton earnestly appealed to those present to make their homes as pure and pleasant as they could. The evils of intemperance were patent to all of them. Something mu,t he done to check the evil if the country was to be taved from disgrace and ruin. Something had already been done, but the question was, what were they doing ? Their duty was to try and bring others under the influence of temperance ; to eternise their power to bring those addicted to drink to see the error ot their ways. and to induce them to jain the ranks of the abstainers. She spoke against moderate drinking and asked her hearers to be thorough teetotalers, urging them to self-sacrifice for the benefit of others. During the evening songs were rendered by WAS VirlOd (Liverpool) and Miss Carter. A duet (violin and Therel. tie nourishment as effective in earlailfartiati RS (tiann) Wag enntrihuted by Miss A. Smith and Mr. Wm. xmtprtpvttj,.-T,.Rmmotel new Inp., tis.ne ; Cooke ; arid the Misses Wathurten gave a due•.-, on the Soo t's itenolAiort t overenme* the waste if the disoase,andfiq suppl Ying strength mandoline and piano. The proceedings terminated it erten results in a permanent cure. It Is effective in any with the singing of the doxology. form of wasting. (7)

===== 0002601_18950216_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

ASSOCIATION.

HOLY TRINITY V. BRICK-ST. MISSION, WARRINGTON.— This match was played on the Holy Trinity ground in cold weathe,... Howard started for the visiturs,and play ruled pretty even, until Seddon got possession,and mak- ing a smart run down ese field, sent in a shot which just grazed the crossbar. The home front rank again made tracks for the visitors' goal, Seddon finishing up with a neat shot, which just missed scoring again. After two attacks had been made on the Trinity goal Rigby cleared, and Pugh coming down with a rush centred finely. Haddock heading through. The hou3esters played up with more determinatiou,and after several unsuccess- ful attacks, Seddon, from a quick shot,notched a second goal for Holy Trinity. A slew game ensued for a time ; the homesters were awarded a free kick in a favourable position,Clegg scoring the third. Half-thne arrived with Trinity leading by three goals to nil. Resuming, the Mission brightened up considerably, and Lezge, from a free kick, shot into the goal mouth, Rigby failing to clear let it in. Smart passing by the Trinity backs enabled Seddon to have another shv, which came to nought, the ball going just outside. One or two corners fell to the Mission, but they proved fruitless, and they had to retire defeat( d by three goals to nil.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLICATION FOR TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.

THE CHIEF CONSTABLE AND THE APPLICANT. UNUSUAL HESI CATION. On Monday morning, at the Borough Police Court, Mr. A. Browne, solicitor, applied for temporary autho- rity to sell at the Queen's Hotel, the property of the Corporation, on behalf of Stephen Stirrup, and in lieu of James Burrows. In answer to the question formally put to the Chief Constable—if he had any objection to , the application, Mr. Hunt (chief constable) showed un- usual hesitation before he replied whether he was sure he could object ; Stirrup was nct a man he should have recommended if be (Mr. Hunt) had been applied to first. Mr. Hunt handed a note to the magistrate which he had received that morning. but which he thought would not influence the application. That being ' so, Mr. Browne said he did not think the note should have been handed in, and asked who it was from. Mr. Hunt stated that the note was from the Town Clerk. Stirrup had never been before the War- rington court for any offence against the licensing laws in any way, but still in a good measure he felt he might have grounds to object. He thought the duty of object ing really belonged to him (Mr. Hunt). He was not so strong on points of law as to legally obj.ct, and as the grounds were somewhat slight he did not wish to press t. He had done his duty in mentioning it to the magis- trates ; if he had not done so he would have neen sure to have heard of it at the transfet day. Mr. Browne said Stirrup had married Mrs. Jones, of the Currier's Arms • she had ample experience. In regard to what Mr. Hunt had been saying it was all on hearsay.—Mr. Monks, one of the magistrates, said he could see that Mr. Hunt had great hesitation in his mind, and that the objection did not arise from heresay. Mr. Hunt had done quite right in mentioning to the Bench his reasons for hesitation. Alderman Fra.ncomb remarked that Stirrup had no conviction against him, and Alderman Harrison pointed out that there being nothing specific before them they would be doing nothing unjustifiable in granting the application.—Mr. Browne said that the real test would come on, on the transfer day.—The mag- istrates thereupon granted the application.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WAITING FOR DEATH. --- TRAGIC EXPERIENCE IN A HOSPITAL

SENSATIONAL STATEMENTS CONFIRMED.

An extraordinary affair is reported in the "Lincoln Gazette," as the result of an interview with a Mrs. Thomas Coney, of West Torrington, near Wragby. Mrs. Coney's experiences began with an illness, some two years ago, when she was nearly choked, owing to what her skilled medical attendant called (in the local phrase) a "full throat." She WM also distracted with pain in the back and between the shoulders. For three months she was medically attended, being in terrible pain the whole time, and she became conscious of a gradual shrinking and loss of flesh. During the whole of this time every morning she vomited a quantity of blood. The doctor could not believe she would ever recover so terribly thin and worn had she become, but the best advice he could give was that she should go into the Lincoln County Hospital. He said she had a bad liver, a diseased lung, and an internal tumour. Several times she was watched over by her friends, who thought she was taking her last breath. Acting on the doctor's re- commendation, Mrs. Coney was eventually conveyed in a carriage to the Hospital. No improvement taking place after a month's kind and assiduow treatment there, Mrs. Coney wrote to her husband to fetch her home, saying that she

===== 0002601_18950216_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
DID NOT WIWI TO DIE IN TRH HOSPITAL.

She could eat nothing, refusing all food. She had become a living skeleton, being nothing but skin and bones. For months she obtained sleep only by snatches. A week after she left the Hospital the news went there that she was actually dead. Yet now, by a miracle, she was able to cI) the house work for all her .family. Asked as to the cause of this remarkable change in his wife's condition and appearance, Mr. Coney said that having tried all conceivable means he came to the conclusion that no orninary medicine could cure his wife. But hearing the remarkable cures achieved by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and reading that they were something different and apart from ordinary medicine, he insisted against her own will, on his wife giving them a trial. She did so, and to the surprise of herself began to feel better after taking half a box. With the first dose the strange red vomit disappeared, and she has never experienced it or anything of the sort since. She began to eata little, and, persevering with the Pills, gradually got better and better. He really could net speak too highly of them. Mrs. Coney here joined in, saying people kept enquir- ing of her what etio really was taking, she was pulling round so marvellously. While taking Dr. Williams' Pills she had taken no other medicine, her cure was entirely due to the Pills ; in fact, she added, " I owe my life to them." " Did you actually think yourself dying ?" "Indeed, yes ; mother used to sit watching over me, and the doctor said the best thing she could do was to have my bed downstairs, because I was liable to go at any moment. People kept coming in to look at me, expecting I was dead. I always take care to get the same Pills. They are always imitating anything good nowadays, and you have to be careful to see the full name on the wrapper (which is pink, like the Pills)—Mr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People." Mr. Coney said he could have given his evieerce t efore, but waited until his wife was really sound and strong again. She had been in her usual health now about three months, was now at her normal weight, and had not had the least sign of a turn of ber old symptoms." Before leaving the district, the reporter made inde- pendent inquiries concerning the case in question, which fully confirmed every statement made in the course of the interview. Thor, can be no doutt that the facts LS stated, and they prove that Dr. VVilliams' Pink Pills for Pale People are one of the greatest modern , medicines. They are an unfailing cure for rheumatism, neuralgia, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, and pros- tr,ition ; also diseases of the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erys metes, /cc. They are a splendid ' tonic, and restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health ; a specific for all troubles peculiar to the female sex ; and in men they effect a radical cure of at ' cases arising from worry, overwork,or excesses of what- ever nature. ' "

These Pills are not a purgative, and are absolutely safe, even for the most delicate. Dr. Williams' Pills cannot be sold loose, nor prepared by dealers. They are only genuine in rotund wooden tubes, about two inches long, labelled with a circular containing Dr. Williams' directions for use, and secured in a wrapper of pink paper, printed in red ink. Purchasers sheuld look for the full name Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pa le People. These Pills are 6iVii by all chemists, or may be had direct from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 46, Holhorn-viaduct, London, at 24. 91. a bos, or SIX boxes far 13s. 91

Rubber heels are to be attached to the shoes worn by French soldiers. It is claimed that they decrease the fatigue of marching. Docks swim the world over, but geese do not. In h America a domestic species is found that cannot excel an ordinary hen in aquatic accomplishments. It lias lived so long in a cduntry where water is found only w-l!s that it has lost it aquatic tastes and abilities entirely.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FoUND AT LAST.

A CURE FOtt ASTHMA.

ASTHMA is one of the most difficult fit diseases to treat successfully. It is a singular fact that hitherto vei7 little, if any, prmgress has been made in the general treatment of Asthma. The medical profession seems t, have ignored this distressing disease, or at, least to ha thought very little about it. The administration of obnoxious nostruinLthrough the stomach has never yet cured a single case. There is not an atom of reason ie the adoption of this mode of tre.:tment. Asthma is a

spasmodic affection of the bronchial Woes ot the !welt . The true treatment for Asthma must he by inhalation. In this way the remedy at once reaches the real seat ot the trouble. It acts inst intaneously. It promotes fre- and easy expectoration, loosens the phlegm, and, even in t,‘e most severe cases, cures the disease. Within a comparatively recent period Dr. R. Schiffman, a recog- tliged authority and specialist in A-thma, Bronchitis, Hay Fever, and Croup, has prepared for these diseases a remedy known as " Schiffmann's Asthma Cure." With this there is no waiting for the results. Being inhaled. its action is immediate, direct, and certain, and has effected cures where every other treatment has filled. Most chemists have it on sale in two sizes, retailing at 24. 6d. and 4% 61. per package, or should any chemist not have it or decline ts order it for a sufferer, a pack- age will be sent, post free, on receipt of the amount by Dr. It. Schiffmann's British Depot., 32, Snow Hill, Lon- don, E.C. A mO4 cosivincing list 05 testimonials and pamphlets will be sent free to any address.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

FRIDAY.

The debate an the Address was resumed on Friday evening by Mr. G 'SCHEN. who. in supporting Mr. JPIFFEMYS'S amendment, said that the Chancellor of the Ezehequer had by his re-arrangement of the death die reconstru, ted the burden on land, so that he (Mr. GoscmcN) would conaider his hands free in any direction I if he was again called to direct the finances of the noun- 'try. Mr. CALEB WRIGHT dealt with Mr. Cgaintres speech of the previous evening,and said he believed that with modern machinery and good manngement, and with the present workers, the cotton trade of this country would be able to stand againt any country in the world. On a division the amondment was rejected by 273 to 261—Government majmity, 12. MONDAY. _

Mr. J. REDMOND on Monday evening, in the House of ' Commons, moved, as an amendment to the motion for ' the Address in reply to the QUEEN'S Speech—" That the time has come when it is the duty of your Majesty's 1 Ministers to advise your Majesty to dissolve the present Parliament and submit the question of Home Rule tothe electors of the United Kingdom." He said the policy ' enunciated in the cry that "Ireland bkcks the way "had absolutely disappeared, and its place had been taken by the feeble cry that the cup of the Lords must be filled up. In the past three years there had been a change of policy and attitude towards the Fl..me Rule question on thepart of the Liberal party and the present Government, and he wished to remind them that they lost more elections now that they did not put that question to the front than when they did an. In his opinion the starting of the House of Lords agitation, meant the indefinite postponement of Home Rule because the House of Lords question was a much snore important one in the eyes of the British people, and could not he settled without many Parliaments being dissolved and many Governments falling. Mr. MORLEY said no more mischievous blow had been struck at Home Rule than this amendment. The pledge of the Government had been amply fulfilled; yet the hon. member said that a Government that had made such enormous strides with the question of Home Rule was to be Dbiected by the friends of Horne Rule and he desired to eject this Government by the aid Of the party who regarded the Home Rule as trea- son. Mr. BALeoun said the reason why he was going to vote for this amendment and a dissolution was that he wented a dissolution. Mr. T. HEALEY said !Mr. BALFOUR believed that by supporting the amendment he could ' strit- a deadly blow at Home Rule. Was not that a sufficient reason why Irishmen should not vote for the amendment? Supposing there was no Irish Land Bill before the House, there was a Welsh Church Bill, and, if it was only to repay the Welsh members for their loyalty to the Irish cause, he should be quite ready to give • them hissupport in putting down an EAtablishment that was as odious to Dissenting Wales as was Protestant as- cendency in Ireland. He believed that the best way te win Home Rule was to stick to the party which was trying to win it for them, and to oppose the party which , refused it. The debate was continued till near mid- ' night. On a division Mr. REDMOND'S amendment was , defeated by 256 to 230. TUESDAY.

_ At the commencement of business in the House of Commons on Tuesday evening the LORD MAYOR and Sheriffs of Dublin attended at the bar and presented a petition in favour of the release of the men convicted of offences of violence in connection with the political agitation in Ireland so ne years ago. Ma. BUXTON, answering a question, said the Govern- ment could not state the exact course they would pur- sue in the event of the Australian colonies approaching them on the subject of federation, but they were favour- ably inclined to the idea of inter. Australian federation. The Holm SECRETARY, in an answer to Mn. Stamm on the subject of fees charged on the swearing-in of justices of the peace, mentioned that he had taken steps to obviate the necessity for ex-officio justices for a county taking the oath before the Court of Quarter Sessions, and that the oath might in future be' taken at Petty

Sessions. . Sir W. HARCOURT was interrogated about the inten- tions of the Government in regard to the queestion of payment of members. He said it was not their intention to include the payment of members in the Election Expenses Bill referred to in the (WWI'S speech. Be had always _stated that the Government were in favour of the prin- ciple of the ptoment of members, hut it must be left to them to determine when was the time and where was the money. Asked whether he hid abandoned the hope he had expressed that a bill would be laid on the table by the Government this Session, Sir WILLIAM replied " No." The debate on the motion for an Address in reply to the QUEEN'S Speech was resumed. Mr. NAOROJI moved an amendment calling for a readjustment of the financial relations between the United Kingdom and India. The amendment was afterwards withdrawn. COIOUPI NOLAN then moved an amendment expressing regret that the Address did not promise measures for dealing with dis- tress in Ireland. Mr. MORLEY explained that steps had already been taken by the Government for the relief of distress in the West of Ireland, and added that he was strongly in favour of the extession of the light railway system. He gave some details of the scheme, stating that the number of families to be relieved would be about 5,400, while the sum for arhieb he should ask the Route would not be more than £BO 000. A division was taken, with the result that the amendment was rejected by 200 to 13.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday:Mr. Monrmr moved the appointment of a Select Committee to con- sider and report as to the extent to which distress 'iris,_ big from want of employment prevails, the powers at present possessed by local authorities in relation to such cases, and any steps which may be taken, whether by changes in legislation or administration, to deal with the evils arising therefrom. On the motion of Mr. J. K. FIARDIE the words " or central" were inserted before " authorities," and the hon. member then moved to insert words instructing the Committee to make an in- terim report to the House on or before the 25th Febru- ary. Sir W. HARCOURT said the Government had al- ways thought and wished that the Committee would mak, an interim report at an early date and he urged Mr. HARDIE to leave the matter in the hands of the Committee. After some conversation the words "at the earliest possible date" were substituted for " on or before the 25th February," and in this form the amend- ment was agreed to. The reference as amended was then adopted. The debate on the 'notion for an Address in reply to the QUEEN'S Speech was resumed. Mr. CLANCY moved an amendment declaring that the care of the Irish pri- soners convicted under the Treanon.Felons- Act might now be advantageously reconsidered. knongst the reasans for amnesty he adduced specches ma le by the various Liberal statesmen previous to the secession of the present Government to office and the fact that the men were political prisoners. Mr. AP:I(7'TR denied that Mr. CLANCY'S interpretation could be put upon the ' speeches in question, and said that, in his opinion, the time had not come when it would he possible for ant Minister to advise Her MAJESTY to exercise the preroga- ative of mercy. Mr. MORLEY denied the charge made by Sir E. CLARKE in Dublin that, he (Mr. Montrir) tc.cl ed the Irish members to understand that he would do this hest to release the dynamite prisoners. Mr. Hop. WOOD strongly supported thet amendment. Mr. CALD WELL said it would have been supposed that tho pas- sage of the Home Rule Bill through the House of !Com., mons would have been an occasion for amnesty. Wh, should these men be allowed to remain in gaol because the question of Home Rule was in dispute between the House of Commons and the ITRlvav of Lords! Sir E. CLARKE contended that his construction of Mr. NIOULEY'S TAMAIrIES WAF justified. Mr. H. J. WiLsore said the tinv. had corn' when the sentences might fairly he reconsidered. Mr. T. M. HEaror asked whether a case had not arisen in which the HOME SECRETARY might very fairly consult the judge who passed the sentences in the eases of the Iri-ti prisoners and the Wslssll prisoners. Mr. AS4MYR said he should be happy to do so. Mr HEALY added that no more fitting crown could he p‘ac..d on the policy of the Liberal party than to reqnre the Irish prisoners to their friends. At 520 Mr. RETON moved the adjournment of the dehat... Mr. W. HARCOTIRT Said the amendment was really a Vote of censure mann the Government of a most decisive character, and he thought the House might express its opininn without further debate. On a division Mr. SEXTON'S Inntilt" was defeatel by 286 to 79 ; hut, it being after half-past five, the debate stood adjourned.

WARRINGTON AMATEUR PIiOTO- GRA PHIO SoCIEI Y.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
INDIGESTION.

In all ailments or complaints. arising from derange- ment of the digestive organs the stomach is the chiel sufferer, as it is the grtat Selinqueit. In its natural ,tate. the stomach is slightly achi ; but when the diges- tion is faulty, too touch acid is pre:ent, and eructations of wir d, hail brow It, rising and scouring of food, result from it. GWILYNI EVANS' QUININE BITTERS neutralises this excess of acid, resiorng a Ileolttly tone to the stomach, and also dispels the had t iste in the mouth. Many are often troubled with heartburn, fulness or distension of the stomach, and a burning pain at the pit of the stomach. These symptoms vary in dlfferent cases, but usually occur soon after me.ls, or after any violent exercise. GWILYIR EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, if taken about an hour before each local, so regulates and acts upon the digestive organs that these unpleasant symptoms cannot exist. Many persons have contracted the habit of eating their meals rapidly, then rush away to work or nusmess. ['his habit is a common cause of dyspepsia, mailife-ted by feelings of distress and weight in the stomach, and the eater leaves the tables feeling an unsatisfied craving for food, yet unable to ea,. more. To remedy this, eat slowly, masticate the food thoroughly, rest a li,tlo after each mual and ase GIVILIME EVANS' QUININE BITTERS to strengthen the stomach and aid digestion, and a per- manent cure will be effected.

WHAT IS ITS Amos? It assists and promotes D,gestion, strengthens the Nerves and Muscl,s, Purifies the Blood, enlivens th, Spirits, and temoves all Obstructions and Impurities the Human Body. It gives tone to the whole sl Am. It strengthens and fortifies those parts which have Oven weakened by Disease, and are consequently more liable to Colds and unheilthful influences. It has g Lined th 4 Highest Recommendations as the B•st Family Medicine and a remedy for ev,ry kind of We .kness. GWILYM EVSNS" QUININE BITTERS. The Vegetable Tonic.

Beware of imitations! See the risme of "Gwilyin Evans" on label, stamp, and bottle. Sold in is 1.1 1., 23. 91., and 4s. 61. Bittles. sap Proprietors: QinNls BITTRRS MANUFACTURING

Co., Ltd., Llanelly, Soutla Wales.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

BURGLING A PROVISION STORE HOUSE. At the Borough:Police Court, on Friday, before Alder- man J. E. Wright (chairman),Councillor Fl. Roberts and Dr. Gornall, Edward Leveay. 2, Buckley's-yard, St. James'-at., Latchford, was charged with stealing from the stores of M.,ssrs. Edwards, Bros., Water-st.„on Tues- day, the 511 inst., two flitches of bacon value 30s.—Thel Chief Constable stated that complainants were Meltrs. Edwards Bros.. occupying a shop at the corner of St. James'-st., and keeping a bacon store in Water-st. The defendant was Ayfrd as a labourer and has a wife aid family at 3, Buckley's-yard. The manager for com- plainants locked up the store at 4.30 on Tuesday after- noon, and at II o'clock he visited the store and found the door open and the staple drawn, and on making a search he missed the two flitches of bacon. The m.itter was then reported to the police, and on Wednesday Detective Sergeant Monaghan made enquiries and about 11 o'cloik the same day tie discovered the missing bacon a'. the shop of Joseph Lawrenson, Old-road, and from the des- cription he got there of the man who had brow:ht it, Monaghan subsequently arrested prisoner in Sankey. st., and conveyed him to the Police [Station. When charged there prisoner said " Yes, it is right, it was about 8 o'clock when I broke in, I was half (hook A the time."—He was seat te gaol for two months' hard laboar. - -

THE PENALTIES OF INTERRUPTING A SOLICITOR'S SHAVE At the Borough Police Court on Wednesday before Mr. John Fairclough and other magistrates, John Stirrup was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Win- wick-st. on Tuesday evening,and was also charged with assaulting P.C. rhomas Barnett whilst in the execir inn of his duty, at the same time and place.—P.C. B trnett stated that at about 5 o'clock on the evening in question he was in company with P.C. Jones in Winwick-street when Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, solicitor, c-tme and told them they were ruquired at Mr. Green's barber's shop, Winwick-street. They went and found the prisoner in the shop and trying to strike Mr. Green, the barber. Ile was persuaded to go out, but a few minutes after- wards he returned to the shop and was again riseted by the police. It was not long howeVer,befare the prisntp,r was again seen approaching the shop, this time ha a quiet manner. On reaching witness however. he struck him in the ribs and they then closed. P.C. Jones elm. to the assistance of his brother officer and between them Prisoner was conducted to the Police S'Ation.—P C. Jones corroborated.—Mr. W. 11. J. Jenkins, who ap- peared as a witness, said that about a quarter to five on Tuesday evening he was sitting in Mr. Green's shop, half way through a shave, when the defendant came in and mistaking witness for someone else commenced threatening him and using foul language. Witnes. remonstrated with prisoner, and then went for the police. The second time prisoner came into the shnp he danced round witness, who narrowly avoided a blow aimed at him. In the street he saw prisoner withent any reason, Strike the officer as stated.—This was prisoner's fourth appearance in court for assaulting the police and the Bench, after saying that the police must be protected in their duty, fined prisoner ss. awl costs for being drunk and disorderly and for the assault sent him to gaol for one month's hard labour.

- INTERESTING TO CARTERS. At the Borough Police Court en Monday before the Mayor (Councillor James rairclough) and other magis- trates, Samuel Lunt, Mersey-street, remanded from last week, was charged with being a distance from his lorry in Mersey-street on the 25'h of last month and not having proper control over the two horses.—Mr. Arthu Browne represented the defendant. —Sergeant Chantler deposed that on the 25th of last month he and Inspector Cox were in Mersey-street when they noticed two horses and a lurry coming from Bridge-foot. Witness noticed there was no one in charge of the two animals and shouted to them to stop and the same time nothing the defendant about 15 yards from the lorry and 25 yards from the horses. A trap in charge of a young man named Hatton was standing a little higher up the street and while Hatton was in a shop the lorry coming along caught the back part of the trap and swung the pony round and almost into the shop window. The defend- , ant then came round and asked Patton if any damage ' was done. Witness asked defendant who was supposed to he in charge of the lorry and on being told the defend- ant was, he witness reprimanded him.—lnspector (7x corroborated the last witness.—Mr. Browne said that 1 his client was a respectable man and had never ben summoned before. He contended that he had his r, ins I in his hand at the time and was in control of the horses. —Mr. Hatton,driver of the trap, corroborated the police so far as he had seen or heard of the accident. —The bench decided that the case was proved against detrn I- I ant and fined him 24.61. The Chief Constable remarked I that he had had to call afresh the attention of the police Ito drivers in the street being on the wrong side ot their 'horses and not controlling, them. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE BY A. YOU247G Max. At the Warrington Borough Court,on Tu-sday Charles Edward ForsterAllspwana-st., was charged with at- tempting to commit suicide on the previous day,hy tak- ing a quantity of laudanum in Church-V. Mr.Ehint i.ail that the prisoner was only 21 years of age, and Ivedl with his uncle. He had been working off and on at Messrs. Rylands' works for four or five years, but on Saturday, he was paid off and told there was no more work for him. The fact of being disctarged ups,t him very much, and on SAturday, he went into Mr. Fault's chemist shop, and asked for a small quantity of laudanum. He went into the shnp again on Monday, and asked tor some oxalic acid,but the assistant not FP, l- ing satisfied with the prisoner's manner, refused to sop- I ply It to him. The pris.ner then went out of the shop. I and seemed to be in very low spirits. When he (Mr. Hunt) went home at ab.mt five minutes tonne he neti-ed the prisoner a the cr.rner of Gladstone Arms looking very distressed, but he did not say anything to him A 1 few minutes afterwards, Mrs. Bothwell who kerl a I stationer's shop near to saw him and a-kA him what he was doing there. He said that he was put abont, and I said something about an empty belly. Shp told bin, to I come into her house and she would give him a " hit of ' dinner." 44 he went into the shop, however, he tell down to the grotind, and it was blond that he hot taken a dose of laudanum. Inspector Spinka was called in and gave him a strong emetic and he vomited a great deal He was taken to the Infirmary and attended to, fr. (Mt. Hunt) had reason to believe that the prisoner had not a very good home and that was the reaminn that he had left it to go to his tincle.—The father who was in *curt was then a.ked why his son had left him, hut he replied that he did not know. He had never sp ken to him since he had left which was four months previonsly, --,Mrs. Smith, aunt to the prisoner, said that he came to her house to live because he was not comfortable at biome.. ,He paid her 109. a week for board and lodgings, tr_d.ws.* at present 15... el. in arrears,but had paid some. tbillitPWarla the arrears on Saturday. In reply to Mr. , Ftwoomi said that she was not troubled with toothache. Mensuriti Ai/et:Lined that the reason hp mat Ws cries.ion I prisynektold Mr. Paoli that the latirlarum was or blaSunt who'hi'd the toothache. —E ri dence was also r ' iiien by •Mrltt,;tallwho-said that the prisoner was evident- ly Suffering ifroin the effects of a dose of laudannm. The effector Is uflug-irtarty w ia to prod UCORIPPP,IIIIt if too mo eh were takenjt tro-dti6riiioirelting instead of death.—The magistrates adjimrneeltla4aad until next Tuesday.

MINOR. CASES. WARRINUION BOROUGH COURT. FIIIDAY.-134.re Alderman J. E Wright (chairman),

Dr. Gornall, and Councillor Roberts. DRUNKENNESS —Mary 110ylaRCe, Gandy-st., charged with being drunk in Mersey-st. on Wednesday night. The case was proved by P.C. Monks, but on a promise of future reformation the defendant was dismissed. A FRAUDULENT TRAVELLER.—George White was charged with Ira veiling on the London and North- Western Railway between Widnes and Warrington on Thursday. without having paid his fare.—Mr. Harper. night stationmaster, Bank Quay, said that abtut 11.30 on Thursday night the prisoner was brought to him by ticket collect ,r Starkey and charged with coming from Widnes to Warrington without a ticket. Prisoner denied that he had come from the train at all, but this was disproved by a man who had stren him leave it. When ask-d for his ticket he refused to pay. On the 24th November last the same prisoner was brought to the ponce court on a similar charge.—The magistrates tili4 time fined him 403. and costs or one month's im- prisonment. MOvDAT.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Aldermen Harrison and Francomb, and Messrs. F. Monks and .1. W. Hayward BREACH OF THE PRACE.—James Griffin, Warburton-at., was charged on a warrant with committing a breach of the peace by fighting on Pinner's-brow, on the 31st July lest. Before hearing the evidence the Chief Constable said that defendant was summoned by an officer who has since left the force. Deferdant was well-known,and he (the Chief Constable) believed he was wanted for a more serious charge at Wigan, and,therefore, asked for * remand of 24 hours.—The application was acceded to. Denim AND DISORDIIRLY.—For committing thi3 offence on the Ist February in Manchester-road, Henry Bate, 19. fl.iby-st , was fined 2s. 6i. FURIOUS DRIVING —John Greenwood,32,Factory-yard, Bank Qday, was charged with furiously driving a horse and cart, to the danger of passengers in Priestley-st., on the 4-h of February. P.C.Hollingworth proved the case, and defendant was fined 54. CHIMNEY ON FIR.—For having his chimney on fire on the 4th February, John Dunn, 3, Egypt-st.,was fined IS. TUESDAT.—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman), Cott n

cillor Roberts, and Mr. R. (Itrnett.

ALLEGED DEFRAUDING OF THE C.L.C.—La wrence Rowe, was charged with travelling on the 930 p.m. train from Liverpool to Warrington on the Cheshire Lines Railway on the previous evening without having previously paid his fare. Railway constable Fearnsie said that the prisoner got out of the 9 30: p m. train from Liverpool to Warrington and had no ticket. When asked for his fare, the prisoner said that he had paid threepence for a ticket to go to Tranmere. I' he Cheshire Lines however, did not pass Traemere.— P.C. Bell also gave evidence —Prisoner said that he had intended to go to Tranmere, and had DO intention what- ever to come to Warrington.,--The magistrates ordered prisoner to pay the fare and also the costs, or in default seven days. Scmoor. ArretrosNcis CASES—Mr. George Riley prose- clitA in the following cases of irregular attendance at school. Thomas Bridge, Haydock-st., 2s 61.; Joseph Ca lite, Bank Claay, 24. d ; John Green, Winwick.road, Is.; Walter Lunn, Dallatn-lane, 2a.61. ; Thomas Sloane, (Iros'e%-atreet, 23. 61. ; E I ward Smith. Weliington-st., as, 61.; Robert Wilson, Nicholson-street, ss. ; Emily Gprard, R ,we-street, case adjourned for 14 days, as Mr. Taylor. P C.M. promised to endeavour to get her son into Dr. Barnard ~'s home. WEDEN.IDAY —Before Mr. John Fairclnugh .(chairman),

===== 0002601_18950216_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
LECTURE ON THE EIAND CAMERA AND ITS CAPAIiILI CIES.

A meeting of the M arrington Amateur Photographic .slociety was held at the Museum Lecture Room on Tues- day evening, to hear a lecture by Mr. F. 0. Bynoe, of the Fuqua Hand Camera Co., London, upon the modern

hand camera, and its cap tbi'lities. The 'members of the society were invited to tiring their friends, and as a resul a good number availed themselves of the opport- unity. The chairman was Mr. H. N. Houghton, who also manipulated the lantern during the ever.ing. After he had been brit fiy introduced to the audience by Mr. Houg hton, _ _

Mr. BYNOYS at once proceeded with his subject. He said that to 1,,a via to sketch from nature WAS the work ot a life time, but nothing was simpler than picture mak- ing by photography. The taking of the subject would teach one to more closely observe, and consequently more keenly to enjoy the beauties which were round about. The inventor's ingenuity had been engaged until at last the hand camera was so simple, and at the same tiMe so effective that all that picture making re- quired was% steady band. With the camera the tra- veller could preserve many reminiscensesof his journeys, and the scientist and architect could also use them with advantage- The weight of the camera was beirg reduced to a minimum. All the paraphernalia f material was being compressed into a little cabinet to be carried in the hand. The introducion ot films was a great advance upon the glass plate. The &A real advance in the use of films in the changing camera was the introduction of the rall- able film in which the separate exposures were given by turning a roll. It was, however, thought that if the films could be placed in the camera already cut, similar tithe glass plate, a great advantage would be obtained. The problem before the inventor was to dis- cover a method whereby the expos.d film could be separated from the others. A number of devices were tried, and appeared to act very well, until they got into the hands of the public who had a worn-Jet-int knack of finding out the weak places in anythit g. (Laughter ) The difficulty in separating the 11M14 lay in theirextreme thinness, and should they vary the least in thiekness, al- most the whole of the appliances failed. Mr. By floe mere explained seteral likely plans which had been tried, and which had proved failures. He said that all devices in which one film was made to slide over the others -were bound to b. unsuccessful, for several reasons. Films sometimes became slightly adhesive. The celluloid film was strongly electric,,and could be excited very easilv by friction and would thus adhere to articles near to. The effect of this in the camera he was sure they would all realise. The only method likely to be successful with films was the gravity method whereby the exposed film was made to fall either to the bottom,or the back rj the camera, and this was the method adopted by the Frena Company. Their method was as follows: E tell film was cat with notches along the side. The cards which separ • abed the fi me were also cut with notchcs,the project ions of which corresponded with the notches in the film. When the pack of films were placed in the hnhier or dark slide, a ro-v of pins projected over, the preject ions of films, and when a film had been exposed all that Wae necessary was that a handle which was on the onside of the camera should be turned ?mind. This caused the row of pine to go forward and come over the interstices, and there now being no support, the film fell down into the receiver, and another film came inzo position. The Frena camera would hold 40 films, and an index on the outside of the camera told how many exposures had been made. A great advantage of these cut films over _

the roller film was that they could be taken out of the cameraany time without the trouble of cutting,and thus westing a portion of the film by joining it again to th., roller. The lecturer then described the shutter which was a very ingenious one, and which could be timed from one-fifth to one-eigh,ieth of a second. He believed there was no hand camera but the Frena, which had a swing back. This was provided for in the Frena by the handle for discharging the films. In many pictures it 11411 absolutely necessary to tilt the camera, and if the swing back were not then used, the upper portisn of the picture would be somewhat arched. In the Frena, the handle was provided with a spirit level, and whet the camera was tited, it was only necessary to bring the handle forward until it was perpendicular, and the film would then also be perpendicular. Of course the lens must be stopped down. Tne lecturer then went on t. describe the theory of the fixed focus lens which be did very lucidly. He said that, the Frena could take objects less than 20 feet by means of magnifiers which were pr - vided to correct the locus to any distance less than 20 feet. In conclusion, the lecturer said that he knew of nothing more interesting than picture taking while travelling about by means of which one could bring home memorials of one's travels which otherwise w,mll e lost in oblivion. A number of photographs were then tihrown on the screen, which were snepsho's taken by the Frena. At the close of the lecture, a vote of thanks twas acc rded the lecturer for his interesting lecture. Before the audience separated. Councillor Monks ex- hibited a number of slides which he had taken with a Prena camera during his recent tour round the world.

The cheapest method of living at the present time in this country is that of the Poles in the East-end Of Lon- doe, who, many of them, exist on a penny a day.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
FENCINCt

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is. 10. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps). ire a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either Be ind may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach. head and kidneys ; free the qkin of humours, purify the 'wood, regulate the bowels with comfort and satety. often excess in eiting or &to kill 4. and are the most valuable at lhange of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mar ,nrials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED COIN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid., Per box. by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the

ease. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND

- PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. 013 by all Patent Medicine Vendors

FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.CAMERON':!, OBESITINE PILLS Wl' a.be and ple BAIA mbe ; sent free fo3r: observation on re .eirit of P.O. for 25., A marvellous means of reducing exoTisr tat and impr ving the complexion. • CAMERON, 33. Imperial Mansions, OxfOr" toll.

SAVE A DOCTOR'SIFEE. ADVICE TO LADIES (FUSE). AIA LADY SPKCIAST (qualified)many Leacria attached, to a Fern le Hospittl. le eqabled I'IVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RES ILT in a hairs, no matter how long standing the IRREGULABIT may be, and even when everything else has tailed. Write at Once, 011C109111g stamped addressed envelope, to SP ECIALIST 295. STRAND. W.C.

THE GREAT REMEDY.

volJAlnss. (G.t'UT pirx.x.s

FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISV, SCIATICA, LUMs•••- A.GO The Excruciating P tin is quia'Aly reliev-d. Sure. and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at Is. lid. and 21. per box.

wrIID DR. MACKA T S MARVELLOUS FEMALE JOR L OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREOULAgI' II • ' Tim Ptandb unrivAled. The most stun rn and be ri/r less Cases yield to this extra inary Medicine in six ba.cgier; Immense sale throughout th wJrld. Thousands of stneer_A cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions Advice, accompany each Kittle. Sent post free, under OM" for se. 6d. DR. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. Beu,are of Dishonest Imitators.

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE "94, Comm. mini Road. Peckham, July 12, " Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand at expressing my fee", 7 • but 1 shon4l like to thank you, Your lozenges has Wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had ;or operation of" Tracherr °my "(the same as the late if Germany, and unlike him, thank God , I am still performed at St Dirtholoinew's Hospital, no one could pf;;; sibiy have had a more violent cough ; it was so bad et tiw-ery that It, quite exhau ,t,d me. The mucus, which was tp copious and ,arti. has hero softened aud I have been ab'e I get rid of it without uifilculty.—l am. sir. yours WILY, HILL." KEATING'S LOZENGES. ears Theaboye speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it aPP . that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenge°o , understated. The operation was a spefially severe orld,,ligt, was performed by the specialist Gr. H. T. Butlin. Bartholomew's Hospital. !••iii,.l3 the operation the only fn"fei of relief is the use of these Lozenges. o successful are 04 that one affords immediate ben tit. although from the net,"

WEIGHT IN GOLD. .110 Under date Sept. 8. Mr !till writes " I should long httve been dead but for your I ozen es they are tvota t,•—• weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone wb° ellendid cough remedy they are." Keating's Loz-ng,s are sold in tins Is. lid. each. Theo°x°T. rivalled remedy for COUGHS. HOARSLINE6S.and THU ROUBLES*

AND GATE DEPARTMENT. TOD & Co.'s well-known system of STRA--001 CABLE & IRON FENCEIS,nros in some Thousands of Miles at Home and Au'-ees is being continually Improved upon Fly extended requirements, and complete inf°' tion is supplied on application. RAILINGS

FOR PARK Et CLOSURES, PRIVATE GROOS, PUBLIC SITUATIOIS, DOG KEIisELS, &C. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CIO GATES, 4 TO NEW AND OFIGINAL DEsiGrio For Parks, Ratisions, Villas U. ,

STRONG FIELD GaES' 80- FOR FARMS, ORCHARLJ'

HURDLES NETTING !WIRE WORK,

TREE GUARDS.

BAR Ic)1R;e0r1E-WN-r-ICTS6 Fitted with F. M. & Cc's. SeifloAing Oings

uOD DON ?VIC : 17 VICTORIA. St., Westmillsl

I, tii,

138,, ktei t wot at 0, 34T

4 R

h tl

r( 11

' 6 and 21 ,d, 2/-, ; __„,41111111e14

; , • c, reet,

A

5 5 " A

, .. . , , , . + 0 , ~ i : ~(r, ) lit, ^ . Ir ' ‘, , 1 i ii .. 1,, '' '.' t '," ''' ~,t il :2,,,, r!, ' 1 ' ''''''' , '. " , i .- , ' '''''..`' ,- ' ''' .7 1' '''\ .., , .. - :'.:-:fr.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
EMITIPS TASTELESS

FATNESS

et the case the throat irritation is intense.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
N'\-Y N MBROCATION,

" I think ct

RUTLAND &LE H elver.D

-_____.

. ............ , ~ .., • v?"'•';': , r- - !.. if !'.1'... c`, •', li,V ,:' '.. 4 .7.1 .. . ..,..!.:.:-. :_,'',>...;',!:, '''''' ,c..Vf7 -'t..',7 • r." `.• If .. :". . ' Ts ... .. - --C-----'''---t:-. (.. jl• 'r. ''. fii.+: 't' ''''' 't ': ' .I. , , . .1 - : ' ; .1 '.' '''; : : 1.7 '';' ' 'L' - ' • .7 2^ .^.^://' 71 . ,"'f " s ) %Et • 4.• / I'lsl , --1,--1,- ~,,3k l' ~".,,,iy ...c,,,,,,;., "/),• e, ~ j 1,..):°,1i -----"s-----.=-: 1.-"ct_4l 1 i.. -5,.: ,)!:, .1- • si;; l' : % 74,/ 1 ;'. i • I,t 4., -1/4- ': • Tic 41,1?- i'd* S. ~ ~,,r ~. 4 ...',,.:`• 1,),,X 9 ' i 'Z'77,- ''4l4 - . L ‘,.,z,-i.z.L.:,. -1„,(-,•,,Y4,-• ..4_ ...t". --42.-,.. = ; ".;.4..."4t. ....1 :- I/ 7. • '''' 14.''''' tt..' ' • . --; •-• / -• edit ' -;"-- /; -%' 'lt ' • .. -- '.' '-"- 1.! .1 . --.!): _\..\,. .1••7, ' ' 1 _:__,,-..-7--- - - ''' . ••,14, „:-. ' /69,21:7. • ----------,. f _ •.. .- ::f.-------,`-.--- ''''',... 1 1. •:., .—,--. .. ..-- .....- - :„.. • - . -,---;-'7:-. ) . L:1 ---,-;" . ,-- OR . ,_-__..- rn) ' 4..),,.,_—,_-t: ~..,,.... . --- F

;I,ol3Cat . ENGLAND.

f6/6

===== 0002601_18950216_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
oqRAIN,S:RIIETJMATI)SIV.CUTS.BR

U. 161

===== 0002601_18950216_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
0.,.....t, ^ ~...... A. 4". t. {i .. ' I• , . . . ..

• ."`: ...;.''':',:.,-`,.,:iy.'''.'ki .41•.. :,...;,..43:, , .., .:3 • . ' ..4'''' ' . •)•''''tt „ . . t' ''•. . . , , . "}Y.,:.' ..o„ 'l-•:, , . .. .• •;!!.. ••:•:•:-4. ... L • :,,.. .. . . '.,`ifi'•-•-',14.,' :0,4 •,..'-'4., •;•;-..•• • , 1,-A'..•-•;',''- -. .. ,•; '•./ ''''.'v,": .. ~.. . . ••::: . „ . . . , . :-•'° • ,••••-••• ...,,,...„.?;.1 ~ tt7.o, ,:e . ~ .• • , . •- ~, . i. . . ~ ..--,..;:, , ..••••.„, ,:•-• •• . '•-,";',, , , •. *-• , •••--- ...

mAre universly admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fulness, and Swelling after aiieals, Dizziness and Drowsiness Cold Chills, Finshings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin Disturbed Sleen Frightful Dreams, and , / / 1 b X ervous and Trembling Sensations, Sze. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be Itek, uowledged to be

===== 0002601_18950216_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
G 1i,";" F , rOimai il* • BOX

For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a few doses of them carry off all humours and bring about all that is required. No Female should be without them. There, we, ° medicine to be found to equal BEECEEAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each Box, they 011 restore Females of all aes to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use. liton or a weak stomach,impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the the al! machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of health ia ul.v.gole physical energy of the human frame. These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society; and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated 4.av-ARcHAmIs PILLS have the largest sale of any patent medicine in the world, being six million boxes per annum.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
.. • •.. ..... , .. • , .. . . .... • r!]... . AV, :. ' -.'l;‘, ~. ' ...V. . k '. • h. it 1,44141: COUG .. ~ ...,.. ? .... . ~.,

tc for, ‘-,old Winter comes on with a Frown." and persons suffering from Coughs and kindred troubles should relieve their minds of the idea that nothing will relieve them up less it be in the INT, 5f a lozenge, or taken as a liquid. Let them try Beecham's Cough Pins, and they will never regret it These Pills are made from a formula differing entirely from that which guides the tidulacture of Beecham's pills (yellow label) but like them will be found reliable. On the first symptons of a Cold or Chill a timely dose of Beechams Cough Pills will invariably ward off Qou aingerous features. For years many families have used no other Winter Medicine. Every householder and traveller should avail themselves of this good, safe and simple, remedy for gt-18 in general, Asthma, Bronchial Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, &c. Each box bears a GREEN label.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARED ONLY BY

THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire. And Sold by all Patent Medicine Dealers everywhere, in Boxes 9W.. is. 111., and 2s. 9d. each. With full directions, BO A, CONTAINS FIFTY-SIX PILLS.

THE Is.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
• . _

TUE EXAMINER, SAIURDAY FEBRUARY 16 18'5.

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, Bco. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for

CHAPPED HANDS,

CHILBLAINS,

BURNS,

CUTS. BRUISES,

SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, ke.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET; LONDON.

THE FIRST DOSE I4ELIIEVE§AC : Z ,:"! IS THE ONLY PERMANENT CURE FOR GOUT AND RHEUMATISM: Fro? "^t—rn. Esq., Surgeon. M.R.C.S.. L-S.A. • M ELTON MOWBRAY, Afery zctk, :ker. liz.rozzit ligese ..1 you sp .iec of cd mmaetianother supply of " z9Drr: c Coot. orl stall be glad tø continue to us. it. YOuss Sold by all Chemists & Stores. MilliKarrTO I AND FROM ZODIL WDRKS,NOTTI NGHAM. ENGLAND

THE SORP FOll THE SOAP FOR HARD \NIGER. vas fREELY v,_ the HA RDEs rw SOFT,WATER.c. I ' , - LESS - CLEANSER . ER , ,f,.. TcH , _ ~. _ , ' THE'SORP Foa ''L'EST .c'n ‘, \WO' --,LE or I 16TAbLEIS .I\\V sQ THE SORI3 FOR -HOT WRIER. COID WRIER . For 150 Wrappers the splendid Picture "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will be sent carriage paid. Full particulars on each Wrapper. WATSON'S MATCHLESS CLEANSER is sold only in 16oz. Tablets. A 16oz. TABLET of SOAP for 3d. equals 3(i. per lb. A 12oz. ft f f 21-cl. „ 30. „

===== 0002601_18950216_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ttebnianlo SOOTHING POWDERS,

144)R CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTHI SURREY."

is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

FEMALB

'tf ADAME FRAIN'S FAMOUS ONE BOX OF CLARKES' 841 PILLS is war- ,V/ MIXTURE. ranted to cure all discharges from tb. Urinary Organs The most powerful and effective on earth. For the moat In either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. PriOB In the back. Guaranteed free from !Mercury. Sold in Boxed 7554 (Strongest us bottle). Post free tol extra. 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendort HERBAL INSTITUTE, la, HACKNEY-ROAD, throughout the World ;or vent to any athlress tor sixty stamp (facing Shoreditch Church), ONDON, N.K. by the Makers, The LtxcoLN Alin MIDLAND COUNTIES DRIP.- Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars awl COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR ctsy & SON proofs. I will forfeit £lOO tor every testimonial that is not London, and all the Wholesale Houses. genuine. and they can be seen at any time.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
' '..,.1K.,,e. , , I.si '' 4 '.it. • 1101 , • ~. : . es, / 1 / ~ „S ~ -.. , . . , ' • , a II a . ‘,..... , , . • . ,

'...ix:„.•,;im t., -,-; •c;,.:-.' 1:0 ~ ~ , - ... , , ••• ', . ' . . ~4 .' • ov,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ITIERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS.

PYNAR'S AMERICAN PINELASTERS ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion. Wind. or Sick- ness. DON'T TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAte$ PINE PLATER, the most Wonderful Cure for all Chest Affections, Back Ache, Side idle, Rheuma- tism, Lumbago, Sciatica ; in fact the very worst Aches or Pains. fEIEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Are Grat,fal, Comforting, Stimulating, AND BRACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. THEY CURE COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS AND INSTANTLY RELIEVE ALL LUNG TROUBLES. BEST AND CHEAPEST CREST PROTECTOR. DON'T HESITATE. TP.Y THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it, sent Post Free for 90. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, REM. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32, Victoria Road. EARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peaks, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Young, Chemist. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road. NORTEIWICH—Mr. A. E. Lewty, Chemist.

CONSUMPTON, BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA. I will demonstrate to the whole world, and to sufferers from these unfortunate maladies, how they can be per- manently cured, by an entirely New Method of Treatment, without the chance of failure. Wr.te with full confidence to Mr. WILLIAMS, 11, Burn ood Place, Norfolk Crescent, London. He will send you full pirticulars free of all charge.

The. noyat Laundresses say enteblers " WrAkICIM ULOnEI is unequalled for imparting a beautifni finish to starched linen, Ice., either cold or boiliag water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bra Hord "Dear sir,— I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find nom, equal to yours." It should bo used in every house. Sold at id. 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. P.Nokburn. Pcourietor.—Arist.

SOUTHPORT. PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. mon MODERATE. HIGHEST REFERENCES* MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNE, TRAINED NURSES. KNYPERSLEY HOUSE, PARK-ROAD

3 MATCHLESS CLEANSER has swept away Athousand worries of Washing Day.—ADVT.

Eettero to tin (tutor.

DISTRESS IN WARRINGTON.

Sir,—Kindly allow me through the medium of your paper to draw the attention of the public of Warrington to the distress which has through bad trade and the severe weather been so prevalent in our midst for a long time past. At the time I write many work-people are experiencing the deepest poverty owing to their inability (in many instances through no fault of their I own), to follow their usual employment. The object I which I have in view in writing about this matter, is, to remind the workingclasses of the existence of a fund , subscribed to by tradespeople and others of our town, during the latecoal strike, and intended for their express benefit during such times as those we are at present pass- ing through. The Committee,organiv.d to superintend the proper administration of this fund, have, I understand, a substantial sum placed to their credit in the Bank at the present time. Knowing this to be the case allow me to suggest that the time has now come for this money to be administered to the wants of our suffering townspeople by providing soup kitchens, for their benefit. If the committee are waiting for worse times to appear before making use of the money, then I think they will have to wait a long time to have their desire gratified. Hoping that others will take an interest in this matter.—Yours respectfully, WILLIAM DIGGLE.

PASTEURISM AND HOMO] OPATAY. Sir,—ln my last letter I tried to show that the law re opposites was nature's method of cure as against the method of M. Pasteur: In answer to this Mr. Peers said "and homeeopathy seems to have no existence for him." By this I understand that he considers homceo- pathy as a sort of set-off to nature's law of opposites, because in atrather sentence he says of me that " his method the pre-Bacontan one of imagining a set of facts' avid then arguing for ar agair st them"—whereas the facts of my letter are as old as the hills. With regard to that invention of Flalinemann's " Like cures like," or "medicines cure what they cause" is no more tenable than Pasteurism itself. To quote Lord Bacon it is a case of " Idola Specus. the illuGions of a man's own den, bred out of his peculiar nature, habits, and pursuits." Talking of cure, we do not always think what cure 'm'ans. The word runs off our tongue as if it were some simple jet) of journeymen's work of no importance which any one can do. The simplest form of cure may be such as a newly cut finger required. How shall we dress it ? Well, it de- pends in a great measure upon whom the owner of the finger may be. If a shoe maker, he will put on it a plaister of wax, if a butcher it will be tied up with rag, and a quantity of salt, if a French polisher some polish, if a painter some knotting will be put upon it, and thus we may go on; and it is no matter which of these • methods:is adopted, the finger gets well, and is soon forgotten. Now then I ask what has cured the finger? The wax? No ! The salt ? No ! The polish ? No! The knotting? No ! What then did these things do ? They tended to keep the air and cold from the cut and nature did the rest. Let us scrutinise the work. We remember how the finger bled, that was because the knife had parted some blood vessels. These had to be made good. We have not forgotten how it pained, it smarted because the nerves were damaged, well, these nerves bad to be made all right ; and some new skin with its wonderful pores had to be laid over all ; and the whole to be endowed with life. Al this means a new creation which requires the exercise of that great Power that has made all things. Nothing less could have healed the cut finger ; nothing less can cure anything. Nature alone can make ; she alone can mend. No matter what doctor may be employed, nor to what medical school he may belong, his ignorance is often overceme by nature, and the patient cured in spite of the doctor's blunderings. In this way M. Pasteur or Hahnemann may receive credit which neither had earned. Mr. Kenyon in his letter on Pasteurism instanced several persons who had been bitten by a dog said to be rabid according to the evidence of "Dr.Barrow,of Liver- pool, and Professer Horsley, of Lon6en. The sufferers were sent to Paris to be treated,end thrugh many years have elapsed, not one of them has died of hydrophobia, and it is almost certain that some of them would have done so ere thig, had they not undergone the preventa- tive treatment." I have no doubt th it this is regarded by the learned writer as an absolute fact,yet I see plenty of room to doubt them. The dog in question may not have been mad, but only suffering f 7CIM toothache or some other bodily torment which would have caused him to conduct himself strangely and even suspiciously, and a very little would bring upon the poor creature cruel persecution and swift destruction Would not his extreme nervous excitement cause the brain to present such abnormal appearances as would warrant a profes- sional man in certifying that the dog ,v Is mad? Again, all the persons who are bitten by those who are un- doubtedly mad do net die. .In a village where I jived many years since, rabies broke out very badly. Many persons were bitten and many dogs. At One farm called Woodside Farm three cows went mad, and some horses that had been bitten had to be destroyed. I saw one young woman about eighteen years of age whose face arms and bands were fearfully bitten by a rabid cat. Her wounds had just crusted over when I saw her, and never have I seen such a horrid sight, for the parts of her face untouched were few and far between. "has anything been done for you, to save your life ?" I asked. "Yes, I've been dipped." I said, "What do you mean?" Here her mistress came to our help, and said, "All our people who have been bitten or had anything to do with the mad cattle have been dipped in the river Severn." This was firmly believed in. On in- quiry I found that in all the village there had been about thirty persons dipped in the SE vern as a preven- tative to rabies. I lived there four more years, but no deaths occurred amongst the bitten ones. This dipping had much to recommend it, which is s4dly wanting, in the dirty treatment of M. Pasteur.—Yours truly, FELIX SUMMERS.

been

===== 0002601_18950216_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INDUSTRIAL PROBLEM; ITS CAUSE AND

REMEDY.

Sir,—Kindly permit me through the medium of your valuable paper to draw attention to the great industrial problem confronting the workers of every grade of society to-dayttogether with its cons( quent awful soda results, with a view of eliciting from your many readers suggestions indicative of a permanent solution. Causes innumerable and remedies galore have of late appeared in newspap• rs , journals, magazines, and periodicals, of eevry descrip- tion. Professors and students in p)litico-economic science have inundated current labour literature with treatises enlivened in many instances by a persistent advocacy of doctrines pre-eminent on for their utter fallaciousness ; wise legislators have ii themselves of heaps of sympathetic rhetoric ; phillathropists have swelled the funds of Charity Organitstion Societies to huge dimensions—all in an effort to remove permanently and effectively the economic evils cf which modern society is characteristic to-day. Now, I venture to submit that if these evils are t'- rand the rlneu nf hllman control. thm Sonictc muqt

Wasting may result simply in a cough or cold, or weak lungs, or loss of flpsh. or it may go further and cause con- sumption and death. In any condition of wasting take Scott's Emulsion to restore solid flesh, strength and health, It is palatable and effective. (7)

===== 0002601_18950216_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
continue to drag on its miserable existence until such time as natural law or Providence dissolve the earth and annihilate a society so destitute oF the means of self sup- port or improvement ; but if the evils are within the range of human control, then society must task itself to trace the causes which hamper and fetter the true pro- gress and social development of the race in the great march of civilisation and to sweep into eternal oblivion the barriers and obstacles accruing from the destruc- tive operations. What are the evils ? Society is divided to-day into classes with interests separate, distinct and hostile one to another. One class, the industrial, the wealth producers, own absolutely nothing but the sheer force of labour in their bodies. The other class, the privi- leged, the non-producers, own the very means essential to human life including the means of wealth production, distribution and exchange which comprise chiefly all the land, mines, minerals, railways, canals, shipping, machi- nery, &c., &c. Now, as anything which constitutes weath is the manifest embodiment of human labour exerted upon land aided by the other means of produc- tion, it is obviously undeniable that access to these must he gained before wealth can be produced, and as the class enjoying private appropriation of the means of pro- duction assert their claim to the wealth when produced, such wealth being fortified and sanctioned by modern laws, which are bound to be properly and advantage- ously interpreted for them by those of their class who administer the law, such access can only be obtained under conditions involving degradation to the industrial class. Hence the peculiar phenomena of the direct poverty in the midst of abundance of wealth. Under the private property system the renewed application of science to industry, every fresh invention which facili- tates and abridges labour simply aggravates and intensi- fies the evils by the displacement of humanlabour which the law of division and sub-division of labour admits of. Capital also as a consequence is undergoing a gradual process of concentration which still further widens the great gulf between the classes. The gradations that used to exist under more simpla conditions of labour have practically broken down, and a huge and hungry proletariat are face to face with a comparatively small but powerful capitalist class. The fierce struggle fer greater security among the dominant class, which receives additional momentum from the division of labour, which by grouping hunereds of Men tog,ether,each performing but an infmiteismal portion ot his craft, involve greater and more immense aggrega- tions of capital, crushes those who cannot compete with them, pitches them headlong into that terrible abyss below and they are delivered over naked to the furies of a competitive conflict which becomes keener and keener —that again involving greater riches for the few sur- vivors at the expense of the increased helplessness of the many. To reveal the stupendous changes wrought by science upon industry,figures must be resorted to, mere rhetoric being absolutely unavailable. The statistics are mainly American they being mere accessibleland complete. In the timber business 12 labourers with a Bucker machine will dr.ss 12,000 staves. The same number of men by hand labour would have dressed in the same time only 2,500. In the manufacture of paper a machine used for drying and cutting, run by four men and six girls, will do the work formerly done by 100 persons and do it much better. In tha manufacture of wall-paper the best evi- dence puts the displacement in the proportion of 100 to 1. In a phosphate mine in South Carolina 10 men accomplish with machinery what 100 men handle with- out it in the same time. There has b-en a displacement in rubber boots and shoes of 50 per cent. In South Carolina pottery, the product is 10 times greater by machine processes than by muscular labour. In the manufacture of saws experienced men consider that there has been a displacement of 3 men out of 5. In the weaving of silk the displacement has been 95 per cent. and in the winding of silk 90 per cent. A large soap manufacturing concern carefully estimates the displace- ment cf labour in its works at 50 per cent. In making wine in California a crushing machine has been intro- duced with which one man can caish and stem 83 tons of grapes in a day representing an amount of work form- erly requiring 8 men. In woollen goods mod, rn machinery has reduced muscular labour 33 per cent, in the carding department; 50 per cent in the spinning and 25 per cent in the weaving. In some kinds of spinning 100 to 1 re- presents the displacement. In the whole United States , in 1886 the machinery was equal to 3,500,000 horse power. If men only had been employed it would have required 21,000,000 to turn out the actual total product; the real number was 4- millions. To do the work accent- pushed in 1886 in the United States by power machinery and on the railways would have required men represent- ing a population of 172,500.000. The actual population of the United States in 1886 was something under 60,000,000 or a little more than one-third. The effect of labour-saving machinery under the private property system in Lancashire is too patent to necessitate com- ment. We see, therefore, that the root of the difficulty is economic. What then is the remedy ? The desperate and frantic effort of the human intelligence to fathom the apparent complexities of the problem have produced supposed remedies as remarkable for their utter ineffec- tiveness as for their varied character. Some attribute Poverty to over-production others to over-consumption. Both, however, are disposed of by the fact that neither can logically be said to exist until all human wants are satisfied. dome attribute it to unthriftiness, others to intemperance, some to want of better land laws, others toover-population. Some contend that British statesmen should concentrate their efforts to obtain our national supremacy in point of commerce. Rat it is possible for us to have with us simultaneously with that great achievement the direst poverty. Seine are anxious that the army should he strengthened and some addition made to the number of our battle-ships. But the strength and glory of a nation is not in standing armies and iron- clad fleets but in the happiness, welfare,and contentment of its people. We have at last arrived at an epoch when the true remedy can be no longer obscured. It is significant that the class most interested in the change are at last awakening from their apathy and somewhat lengthy stupor. The exploitation of the workers has at last become so flagrant and glaring that the disguise that hitherto disguised the true remedy has fallen off. The conscious and intelligent worker is, like the thirsty traveller in the desert, at the sound of the ripple of dis- tant waters, suddenly seized with indescribable feelings of joy as he perceives approaching in the dim distance the guardian angel whose mission is to disband his fetters and set him free. That angel is Social Democracy, and so rapid has her progress recently been and her influence se irresistible that her principles are acknowledged to be sacredly imperative to the welfare of the human race. Private property condemns the most useful class to a life of degrading toil. Socialism would vindicate the dignity of labour and place the worker in that position to which be is entitled by every natural law. Private property appeals to the worst passions in man and makes him a brute and a beast. Socialism would feder- ate men in common unity, brotherhood and love, would kindle in his heart the noblest impulses and the grandest side of human nature, would assert itself and spring out in every beautiful creed. Private property offers a distinct incentive to crime, murder, battle, corruption, prostitution and every description of vice. Socialism would !sweep away every vistage of evil that gave them birth. Ycurs truly,

===== 0002601_18950216_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WILLIAM GEE

MODERN "HUMANITY."

A STRONG INDICTMENT.

we of the nineteenth century are very self-compla- cent. We get up our societies for the prevention of cruelty to animals ; but it seems to me that by "animals" we mean only quadrapeds, and not many of them. Yet we let the birds drop dead od hunger under our very windows, and we slaughter without stint or mercy any feathered thing that we can reach, and the rarer it is the more fiercely we pursue it to its extinction. And it's all in the interests of science. Of course it is ! Verily, Mistress Science has much to answer for. It's all for science that young prigs on the sly take a slice off a dog's brain and let him run ; breed guinea-pigs till they inherit the faculty of feeding on their own toes ; give a criminal a touch of an electrical machine to see how long he takes to die ; or treat everything that flies as no better than a specimen to set up on wire legs in a glass case,or to pin down to a cork, , and boast, "We've got him at last !" I doubt whether we are as kind to dumb creatures as the ancients were. —Dr. Jessop.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

Frost bells are) tolled in some districts of France when frost is threatened. Immediately the inhabitants place quantities of tar between the rows of vines. The tar is lighted, and volumes of dense smoke arise, thus pro- tecting the vines. The Quakers in Great Britain only amount to about eighteen thousand, and could all be contained in the Agricultural Hall, at Islington. They are represented in the House of Commons by e;ght memb.rs. This is a very large representation as compared with other deno- minations. .

The body of an American saloon passenger named A. E.Lockhart—one of those who lost their lives in the Elbe disaster—has been landed at Margate. Another body, apparently that of a lady of position, has been landed at the same place.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
hilM,Vt4 ;"(/'ief,h.tiof Y,owicte4.44.

GIVE EASE AND COMPORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, ls. lid. and 21. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps, J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, CHEADLE, MANCHESTER (late Cherlton-road).

===== 0002601_18950216_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE EXAM NER. SATUROAY, FEBRUARY 16 1895 NOTES ON GAMES AND I EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. ATHLETICS.

FOOTBALL. eiRICKBTERS should acq lire the "Pocket Diary and Companion " issued by the 'well-known Sports Manu- factures, George G. Bussey it Co., Peckham, London. All the information Cricketers require is found therein, as well as the usual Diary, yet it will go in the waistcoat pocket Leather bound, gilt edges, 6d., postage id. It you are not satisfied G. G. 13. & Co. will return the price. There was another blank, so far as Rugby football was concerned, last Saturday. In fact not a single game of any importance took place in Great Britain. This has been a winter of records, and this is probably a record in this respect. At any rate it lea very long time since Such a complete cessation of football occurr- ed before. We have not yet got to the end of the frost either, so that there is a possibility of the same thing happening again to-day.

Warrington has been very unfortunate, and were especially so on Saturday. The fixture with Oldham, is the most popular one on the card, and would have drawn a monstre gate. The Oldhamers occupy a similar position in Lancashire Rugby football, as Sunderland do in the Association code, and almost invariably draw big gates. There appears to be some strange fatality with regard to their fixtures with Warrington. It has scarcely ever happened that the fixtures in one season could both be played, for almost invariably one has had to be can- celled owing to the weather. Both were played last season, but the match at Oldham was practically a farce as regards the play, for the weather was fearful'. It has previously 13.:en Oldham who have been the sufferers from the freaks of the weather, but now Warrington have had their turn.

Warrington are due to play the return match with Broughton Rangers, to-day, but there is not n. uch probability of the game being brought off, and it will most likely suffer the same fate as the rest of the 1895 fixtures. Should the match be played, the following team will do duty for Warrington : J. Boscow, full back; Barber, Heesom, Moores, and Burton, three- quarters ; Bate and Nevins, half-backs ; Turner, Jolley, Dakin, Taylor, Berry, Bailey, Barrett and Houghton, forwards.

The Association game among the first-class clubs has not been much interfered with by the weather, and on Saturday the contest for the Lancashire Cup was ad- vanced a stage, and now there are only four left for it. These are Liverpool, Everton, Preston North End, and Accrington. In the semi-finals, Liverpool or Everton must fall, and there will no doubt be a tremendous crowd to witness the match between these local rivals. As Everton have won and drawn with Liverpool this season, it is now the latter's turn to win, but this is not at all likely, for Everton appear to have recovered their form again. Preston North End should easily polish off Accrington, and the final should be between them and Everton. Everton are the present holders of the cup, and will make a determined effort to keep it.

Sunderland have lost the single point with which they had an advantage over Everton in the League competi- tion, by only making a draw with Small Heath on Saturday. It is singular that the " Heathens" have drawn with each of the three leading clubs in the League in their home matches, the scores being : Everton 4-4, Aston Tilla 2-2, and Sunderland 1-1. Everton have now again a chance of winning the championship, but they have two difficulties yet in the way. They have an inferior goal average to Sunderland, and also have to go to Sunderland to play that team, to say nothing about the Aston Villa fixture. It is, therefore, probable that they will finish the season a very geod second to the 'Wearsiders.

The English Cup ties are resumed to-day, and some very tough struggles are to be expected. No fewer than 1.3 clubs out of the sixteen engaged are first division clubs. As the remaining three who are not in the First League are drawn away from home' it looks as though the remaining stages will be fought by the senior clubs alone. The two most interesting fixtures are Everton v. Blackburn Rovers, and Sunderland v. Preston North End. Looking at the fixtures all round, the probability is that the home team will win on almost every occasion, though West Bromwich Albion and Bury are favourites, notwithstanding that they are away from home. THE SEVERE WEATHER AT WARRING-

1.0.G.T. (EBENEZER LODGE). The usual weekly session of the Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge, No. 752, was held in the Co-operative Hall, on Tuesday night. The pregramme of the evening was as follows :—Bro. Dickson, song ; Bro. John Taylor, song ; Bro. T. Whauton. song ; Bro. W. J. Taylor, reading ; Sister Halten, recitation ; Bro. A. Moiris, reading, .Bro. John Taylor, song. A very interesting evening was spent.

_ CONCERT AT BURTONIVOOD.

A night of wit and humour' was spent in the Board Schools Burtonwood on Sunday evening, the contribu- tors to the pleasantness heir.g a party of Liverpudlians introduced by Mr. W. T. Sutton.—Taking into considera- tion the fact that Burtonwood is situate in the heart of the country ' three miles from everywhere,' and Jack Frost 'was holding undisputed sway, there was a fairly numerous audience, who patiently awaited the some- what late arrival of the artistes. This however was fully made up for by the heartiness with which the singers performed the tasks they had set themselves. —Several of the artistes notably Mr. George Aspinall, Mr. Chapman, add Mr. MacHermott, judging 1 from the reception they received, are old and welcome I favourites at Burl,Anwood, and the manner in which they subsequently acquitted themselves fully justified the warm appreciation of the audience. With one or two exceptions the concert was of a humorous character, all the songs being of a nature which kept the audience in a continual state of merriment. The exceptions were the songs "The Toilers," and " The Star of Bethlehem," which were given with remarkable finish and taste by Miss Hetty Mawdsley, whose distinctive features are a rich soprano voice and clear enunciation, and she was rapturously applauded • selections on the mandoline and guitar by Messrs. W. and A.McFarlaud,who proved themselves capable musicians, and their contributions were redemancied.—The descriptive song " Kimberley " was finely interpreted by Mr. W. B. White, and he was also fairly successful in the song" Tommy Atkins.—Mr. J. MacHermott's contributions were most amusing, his comicalities placing the audience in convulsions. He is popularly known as" the Liverpool Chevalier," a title evidently well-merited. His " Peculiarities," (in charac- ter) " A Musical Party," and " By the Sad Sea Waves," were remarkably well-given.—Mr. Matt. Covner proved himself a clever artiste,his humorous songs " Oh ! what a night it must have been," and "Ours is a happy home," bringing forth rounds of applause.—As a mimic, Mr. George Aspinall was well to the fore, and his songs " Jook McCraw," and "Forty Twa," received the proper amount of recognition.—Mr. Chapman fully justified his reputation as a reciter, the descriptive story of " How Bill Adams won the battle of Waterloo," was so quaintly given as to excite the utmost mirth, while the monologue "The Alarm," was exceptionally well treated. The other items were "Me and Her "and "The Dandy Coloured Coon," Mr. J.W.Wright, " Simple Simon," and " The Irish Schochnaster," by Mr. W. Martin were very amusing and cleverly caricatured. At the close hearty thanks were accorded the enter- tainers, and Mr. Sutton veey suitably acknowledged the compliment. The piano accompanists were Miss MacDermott, Messrs. W. T. Sutton and Mr. George Kidd.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL.

The first meeting of the Committee organised to carry out the arrangements in connection with the annual MA), Queen festival,was held in the Mission Hall,Earles- town, on Monday evening. The Rev. T. R. Matthews presided, and there was a good attendance of the work- ing committee. Mr. Joseph Waddington was re- appointed secretary, and Mr. G. Slinn was chosen to take in hand the training of the May pole and other dances. It was decided to insure against fire the cos- tumes and appurtenancesin connection with the festival, and the question of a suitable storage room was left in abeyance.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARS.

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Ternplars was field on Monday evening in the Co- operative Hall. Bro. G. E. Warburton, P.C.T., presided Several candidates were proposed for membership. The digest of business for the annual session ot the District Lodge was read by Sister Warburton, L.D. and adopted. The report of No. 1 Convention, held on Saturday, was given by Bro. G. Clarke. Grand Lodge circulars were also read. The programme was " open meeting," Bro. W. H. Crowther, and A. E. Dale being responsible. A good number of friends-attended, and an excellent pro- gramme of songs was given by Bros. Crowther, Roberts, 0. Edwards, H. Stevens; piano duet, Sisters Fazakerley and Cooper; recitations, Sisters R. Warburton, S. Stringer, A. Brammer. Sister Hill presided at the piano.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

The usual fortnightly meeting in connection with the Samuel Morley Section, No. 219, of Cadets of Temper- ance was held on Wednesd..y evening, in the Co-opera- tive Hall, Earlestown. Bro. W. GibbB,W.A., was in the chair, After the opening ceremony three new members were initiated and three more proposed for membership. The section expressed themselves pleased with the en- tertainment of last week, and a vote of thanks to those who took part was accorded. The Britain Need Division met in the same room at 8 o'clock, Bro. S. Foden in the chair. A paper on "Ancient and Modern Slavery" was read by Bro. G. Clarke. A discussion followed', Bros. Foden, Judson, Clare, Pickett, and Pearson taking part. A vote of thanks was accorded to Bro. Clarke for his paper. CONSERVATIVE BALL AT EARLESTOWN.

The annual ball promoted by the Earlestown Conser- vative Club took place on Friday evening in the Town Hall, Earlestown. The room had been tastefully decor- ated for the occasion, and wheu the dancers, who num- bered about 60 couples, were assembled, the mingled, colours of the ladies dresses,made the scene an animated one. Mr. Peplow's excellent string band supplied the music, and dancing was carried on with much spirit until about half-past four on Saturday morning. Among the prominent Conservatives present were Messrs. C. B. F. Borron. CC,, and Robert Stone. The catering,which was of a satisfactory character, was in the hands of Mr. R. Lythgoe, and the general arrangements were effi- ciently carried out by the committee of the club. NEWTON CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL. The annual senior scholars' party was held in the Congregational schcolroom, Newton, on Saturday even- ing. About 60 sat down to a tea which was satisfac- torily catered for by Mrs. King,and thoroughly enjoyed. After tea the number present was increased to about 100, and the evening was very pleasantly spent in sing- ing and games. The following very ably contributed to the harmony of the proceedings :—Miss Randall, who sang "Stop thief ;" Mr. R. Owen, " The young brigade ; Miss Bristow, " Flight of ages ;" Mr. W. Owen, "Yeoman's wedding song :" Miss Mather, " Genevieve ;" Mr. G. Kidd, " Holy City ;" Miss U.quhart, "Children asleep." Mr. Thompson presided at the piano.

TRH FROST. In this neighbourhood the frost still holds sway, and every pool of water in the district is frozen over.—Pipes and taps innumerable, both hot and cold water con- veyers, are blocked, and the timorous have been forced to seek safety in front sitting rooms, leaving the kitchen with its nemesis in shape of a boiler, to the tea. der mercies of the frost. At Newton lake thousands of people have indulged in skating during the week, and there have been numerous skating matches, cricket matches, and hockey have also been played, and the week, to skaters, has been one of perfect enjoyment.— There have been one or two accidents caused by skaters colliding, one which happened on Wednesday night being of a rather serious nature, inasmuch as the victim was rendered4unconscious, and medical assistance had to be obtainad.—Great difficulty is experienced in keep- ing the canal clear, the ice boats having to make daily visits to remove the nightly accumulation of ice. SCARCITY OF WATER AT EARLESTOWN. Since Friday last, the supply of water in 'the higher parts of Earlestewn, has been of a very indifferent char- acter, and for several days something like a famine existed. The frost was to some extent responsible for this, as on examination it was found, that although the usual quantity of water was being sent through the pipes, a large quantity was running to waste owing to a leakage caused apparently by the bursting of one of the mains. Great inconvenience was experienced by the inhabitants, especially in Crow-lane and Cross-lane, where not a drop of water could be obtained. On Sun- day a water cart promenaded the town, and dispensed water at the houses, the inhabitants eagerly crowding round for a bucketful. This was continued on Monday and Tuesday, and by this means, some alleviation of the inconvenience was made. The supply has now reached its normal condition, and where the house pipes are not frozen, no difficulty is experienced in supplying the domestic wants. SALFORD HARRIERS AT CULCIIIITII. The cross-country champions visited the " Harrow" Inn on Saturday, and were joined there by the Leigh Harriers, who were strengthened by the inclusion of Messrs. Lewis, Marier, Morris, and Waywell, from Earlestown. About 3.30 the hare, Oscar Quigley and J. H. Lewis representing Leigh, and Dunn of Salford, started to lay a trail through Culcheth Hall grounds (Squire Withington having given permission) and across the fields in the direction of Pennington, until nearing the railway. Travelling along the metals for a mile th fields were again struck, until coining to the Glazebury highway, from which point nearly three miles of road were negotiated. The order of arrival was as follows: Salford Morton 1, Such 2, F. Johnson 3, Lind 5, Redmond 6, Cooper 7, total 24 points. Leigh : Hor- rocks 4, Glover 8, Way well 10, Marler 13, Winstanley 14, Rothwell 15, total 64 points. The total distance covered was about 61 miles, and the Salfordians won easily by 40 p )ints. The run through the crisp dry air was much enjoyed, and put all in good form for the repast afterwards provided. A musical eveniag, in ' which Messrs. Lewis and Quigley shared the honours, terminated a pleasant outing. EARLESTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. The 137th quarterly meeting of the Earlestown Co- operative eSoecngiienty: m Wars. John Moss p heldjointh,seCroe-soipdeed, but rativeHailon T there was only a moderate attendance of members. The re- port and balance sheet showed the receipts for goods sold to be £4,109 19a. which compared with the cor- responding period last year, showed a decrease of £4B 13s. 3d., this being accounted for by the general de- pressed state of trade and the low values. The net profits available for division was £506 13s. 7d. from which it was proposed to pay a dividend of 2s. 6d. in the pound on members' purchase, and is. 3d. to non- members, the balance of 3. being added to the con- tingent fund. During the quarter 19 new members have joined the society, and 26 have withdrawn, the ptesent number on the books being 1,028. The balance sheet was adopted. Mr. John Moss was re-appointed presi- dent. Mr •T. Haselden auditor, and Mr. J. Lowe was appointed stock-taker. A lengthy discussion took place over the revision of the rules, but nothing definite was arrived at. MARRIAGE OF Miss F. L. KEAN, OF NEWTON. Oct Thursday afternoon the wedding of Miss Florence Louisa Kean, youngest daughter of Mr. M. Kean, of Mercer-street, Newton, with Mr. James Wright, second son of Mr. John Wright, of bheffield, took place at WargraVe Church. Miss Kean was a member of War- grave Church choir, a position she had held for about ' six years, her abilities as a singer being held in high ap- preeiation by the congregation. Much interest was accordingly taken in the event, and a large number of the congregation and others assembled to witness the ceremony, which was performed by the Rev. J. Carson, rector. The sereice was choral, and Mr. S. Leyland, brother-in-law to the bride, presided at the organ and as the bride and her party walked down the aisle the organ pealed forth the bridal march from Lohengrin. The bride, leaning on the arm of her father, looked very pretty, her dress being of ivory white silk mohair' with wreath:of orange bloseoms, and tulle veil, and she I carried an exquisite bouquet of white camelias. Her bridesmaids were Miss Annie and Lizzie Wright, sisters of the bridegroom, who were attired in pale blue crepon, trimmed with silk and lace, with hats to match. The service commenced by the choir singing hymn 240, " 0 Christ the King of human life," and the other hymn was "Tile voice that breathed o'er Eden." At the conclu- sion of the service, Mr. Leyland played" Mencielssohn's Wedding March." Die newly married couple shortly afterwards left for Matlock, where the honeymoon will be spent. The presents were fairly numerous, and were of an ornamental and useful character, including a china afternoon tea set, from the church choir, and a silver tea service from the members of the congregation, the latter being presented to the bride in the vestry on Sunday evening last by the Rector, in the presence ot several of the subscribers. GREAT BARGAINS in Furs. A special discount will be allowed off all Furs porch ed during the week in addition to the ordinary sale discoun!.—BYANs', 17 Sankey-st., War- rington.—Advt. GREAT BARGAINS in Fars. A special discount will be allowed off 11 Furs purchased during the week in adiition to the ordinary sale discount.—EvaNs', 17 Sankey-st., War- ringtea.—Adrt.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
TON.

The frost in Warrington and the surrounding district continues with great severity and as a consequence, large numbers of people ha velbeen thrown out ef work. There has, however, .been an at most unprecedented opportunity fo. indulging in skating, numerous fields about the district having been flooded. A fine piece of ice has been in use at the Twiggery farm, Man- chester-road, and on Saturday, Mr. Newton, the tenant, kiddly handed over the management of the whole day's proceedings to a committee for the object of aiding the Infirmary. We are glad to report the following splendid results :—Gross takings, £l9 14s. ; less labourers' wages for clearing the ice, £1 is. ; and sundry expenses, 55., £1 6s. ; nett takings, £lBB9. This will be banded over to the Warrington Infirmary. The prizes were given by various tradespeople of the town, the cost of printing being defrayed by Mr. Councillor Shaw. Sixty compe- titors entered for the various events, and some very ex- citing racing resulted. Messrs. J. D. Brimelow. E. Hope, and G. Molyneux officiated as handicappers ; Mr. William Wood as starter ; Mr. Councillor Evans. Mr. Councillor Shaw, and Mr. J. T. Whittle, as judges, and a strong committee of workers headed by Mr. Alderman Wright, J.P., did yeoman service. Too much praise cannot be given to Mr. William Habberley for the able manner in which he discharged his heavy duties as hon. secretary. The men's handicap (200 yards) was arrang- ed in ten heats, three competing in each, the winners of the heats being Sergeant Beale, T. Eaves' J. Eaves, J. Griffin, E. Boscow, Reynolds, W. Butterworth, J. Slater, J. Draper, and T. Hackett ; and, after running the second round, Messrs. Beale (scratch), Boscow (10 yards start), Slater (15 yards start), and Hackett (20 yards start), were left to compete in the final for four prizes, resulting after an exciting race as follows :—E. Boscow. Ist prize, case of carvers given by the Work- ingmen's Infirmary Committee :J. Slater, .2nd, copper I kettle, given by Mr. Joseph Allison, of Manchester-road; Sergeant Beale, 3rd, half-dozen desert knivep, given by Mr. J. S. Garland, Bridge-st. ; T. Hackett, 4th, case of dessert spoons, given by Messrs. W. P. and W. Skel- ton, Ltd. In the youth's handicap (200 yards), twenty entries were divided into five heats, the winners of the heats being J. Nevins, G. Topping, T. Rigby, C. Povey, and F. Smith. In the final heat, after a grand race, the judges decided as follows :—G. Topping (50 yards start), Ist prize. gold centre medal, given by the Workingmen's Infirmary Committees ; J. Nevins (10 yard start), fancy penknife, given by Messrs. Caldwell' s Ltd. ; C. Povey (15 yards start), 3rd' Norwegian, given be Mr. J. D. Daintith, of Bridge-st. In the Consolation Handicap (200 yards) the competi- tors, numbering ten, had an exciting struggle for the three prizes,resulting as follows :—William Butterworth (20 yards start), Ist priz, 1 dozen knives and forks, given by Mrs. Brundrett, of Church-st. ; P. La wless (5 yards start), 2nd, nickel-plated teapot, given by Mr. William Wood, of Mr. Smith's Mineral Water Works ; Dr. Kisby (scratch), 3rd, 1 dozen tea spoons, given by Mr.H. N. Houghton, Market-gate. The spectators were well pleased with the splendid exhibition of speed- skating given by Dr. Kisby, Sergeant Beale, Messrs. Boscow, Griffen, Houghton, Hoskin., and the brothers Eaves. Mr. Alderman Wright, J.P., distributed the prizes to the successful competitors. Some excellent skatiag was obtained this week on a portion of the old river near Wilderspool Brewery. One young man, on Friday, had a narrow escape from being drowned. The ice broke, and he was immersed up to the waist, and would probably have been drowned had he not succeeded in catching hold of one of the many large pieces of timber which form a raft, and which have been lying in the river for some months past. On Friday and Saturday considerable difficulty was ex- perienced in keeping the Ship Canal open to navigation, As the rising tide brought 'enormous masses of floe ice, amounting to some thousands of tons, from the estuary of the river Mersey, through the tidal openings into the Ship Canal near Runcorn. The company's steam hoppers,Alpha and Reta,which were available for break- ing ice in the canal, and which attempted to release the Grampus, were also unable to get through the ice pack, and the company's powerful four-propellor dredger,Ma.n- chester, which was working in the upper section of the Canal, was requisitioned. The Manchester succeeded irs forcing a passage through the pack, and now the canal is open to traffic from end to end, the vessels which had been detained having resumed their journeys. The canal in this district, from the Stag Bridge at Walton to the kicks at Latchford, presents an unusual appearance, as hundreds of thousands of pieces of ice of all shapes, sizes and thicknesses are to be seen. There has been some excellent skating upon what is familiarly known as the Old Quay Canal at Walton ; where the ice, of a good quality, extends for about two miles. The Penieth Friends' School skating contests took place on Saturday, at Clambrook meadows. The con- tests were arranged by the kindness of Mr. J. S. Hodg- son, of Manchester, life member of the National Skating Association, and holder of second and third class badges of the association for figure skating. Mr. liodgson,who has been closely connected with the interests of the Friends' School,has for some years desired to inauguree these contests, but till the present severe frosthad been unable to do an. The events arranged were a race for the seniors, over 13, one for the juniors, and a figuring contest. Six competitors started for the first race, which was about a mile, including six sharp'turns. G. Cooke proved winner, though he was closely pressed in the last length by H. Bodmer, who was only five yards behind at the finish. The junior race for half the distance re- sulted in a victory for R. Lowe,J. Marsden being second Very few en•ered for the figuring contest, Mr. Hodgson soon induced several to attempt, setting them various simple figures and tricks to do, for which he gave num- bers according to the accuracy with which his instruc- tions were carried out. G. Cooke again prayed victor, H.l3odmer being runner up, though very far behind the winner.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
BIIRTONWOOD SCHOOL BOARD.

A special meeting of the aboveio-a-i:d-Wa's held in the classroom of the Board Schools, Burtonwood, on Thurs- day, last week, when there were present Messrs. James Warburton (chairman),Andrew Jackson (vice-chairman), William Fairclough, Thomas Norcott, Rev. A. M. Mit- chell, H. Gawthorpe (school master), and William Webster (clerk). Application for the use of the school for a Diorama and for a ball were read and refused,and the clerk reported that he had let the schools as in pre- vious years to the Social Club for their annual concert. Plans for alterations and additions to the schools were laid before the Board, and after some discussion as to the title to the school premises the matter was postponed for the present. The Clerk was authorized to subnm oil all parents for irregular scholars, reported to him by the attendance officer, to appear before the Board to show cause why 'proceedings should not be taken against them. The, attendance officers' report was considered, from which it appeared that he had visited since the last meeting 232 cases of irregular attendance. Notice of pupil teachers' examination on the 28th April next, was read. •

===== 0002601_18950216_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS FIRE AT NEWTON.

£1,200 DAMAGE. A fire having disastrous results broke out in the farm buildings of Mr. John Bridge, at Newton-le-Willows. The farm:is known as Parkside Farm, and is situated on the road from Preston Junction to Winwick, close to Newton-le-Willows. It belongs to Lord Newton, and is tenanted as stated above. Mr. Bridge on Sunday morning, had gone to church, and about 10.30 the servant vomit into the barn' and round the stacks in seareh of eggs, and observed nothing wrong. About twenty minutes after- wards, Mrs. Bridge happening to look out saw a quantity of smoke and fearing something was wrong, sent the servant out, who, seeing that it was coming from the stacks, loosed the cows and horses, and turned them adrift. A strong wind was blowing from the South- East, and very quickly the dutch barn, from where the smoke was seen to be issuing, was in a blaze. The barn was full of hay and straw, and a wagon load of hay standing between it and the shippons, taking fire,formed a connecting link, which carried the fire from the barn to the stables and shippons. A crowd of people soon gathered on the scene, and word was sent to Warrington for the fire brigade, which arrived at the farm a little after 12. Inspector Morgan, of Earlestown, was also notified, and he with Sergeant Long,worth and a couple of constables rendered what assistance they could. There was a plentiful supply of water at hand, and the brigade made good practice on the blazing buildings,but the fire had secured a firm hold, and, aided by the wind,. the flames could not be got under until the buildings were completely gutted. The firemen, however, were successful in preventing the fire from reacking the farm house, which escaped without injury.—ln addi- tion to the hay and straw, all the farming implements, including a wagon and spring cart were destroyed.— No cause can be assigned for the outbreak, but the servant girl states she saw two men going away from the direction of the farm about half-past ten, The damage, which is fully covered by insurance, is esti- mated at £1,200.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

(BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIDITTOR).

They were having high jinks in Newton last week end, I believe. From what I can gather, somebody became generous, and entertained those who had taken part in the work during the election to the District Council. Success is a wonderful thing to open a person's pockets, and I suppose those laugh best who win. Something in the shape of a supper was provided, and congratulations were general all round. Everybody's health was drunk, and if the expressions for success which were given vent to may be taken as any criterion,then Newton may look forward to a most successful career in the future. The affair I suppose was of a private nature, and it is not my province to deal with any of the pretty nothings which were uttered, but it is perhaps as well to bear such matters in mind, as no man knoweth what the future may bring forth. We know not what" surprises" may be in store. One thing we do know for a certainty, and that is that some of the Newton people have become re- markably discreet of late.

I fancy we must set about marshalling our forces, and that without very much delay. lam told that the election for a County Councillor is coming upon us with rapid strides. It is, perhaps, generally 'known that Mr. Borron is our present representative on the Council, and from what I can learn he has done good service for the district, and in consequence some people will say re-elect him. Those, however, are not my sentiments, and I hope the rumour that there is likely to be a contest will prove to be a fact. Mr. Borron has had his three years of office, and if the gentleman I have heard spoken of as a likely candidate is returned, we shall not by any meal's suffer by th 3 change. We are getting quite accustomed to changes, although some are for the better and others tor the worse, but in this instance I shall bail a contest with de- lightjand I don't suppose Mr. Borron will grumble. From what I know of him he would not care to be returned unopposed, as, to toy mind, an unop- posed election savours very much of apathy, and the true feeling of the electom is not brought to the surface. Therefore, I say, be up and doing, and let the best man win.

--- The frost still holds sway in this neighbourhood and skating is being pretty generally indulged in. To skaters, and those who are not troubled with hot water arrangements in their houses, hopes are expressed that the present condition of the weather will continue, and there is not the slightest doubt that its health giving qualities are without ques- tion. Householders, however, are complaining of frozen water pipes and gas meters,and consequently desire a spell of much milder wgather. Judging from the hopelessness depicted on the faces of these complainers, one is inclined to introduce a slightly altered text, " Blessed is he who bath not a boiler behind his kitchen fire, for then shall he suffer no anxiety,"—(copyright). The boiler explosion last week was a result of the frost, but I am thinking had it been a copper boiler no such disastrous effects would have occurred. I think there should be a law precluding builders from putting boilers behind kitchen fires, for in such weather as this if the utmost care is not taken, they are sources of the very greatest darager. .

I see the committee for the May Queen festival have commenced their deliberations in connection with this year's show. I don't wish to appear im- pertinent, but I hope such arrangements will be made this year that no possible fear of last year's fiasco being repeated can be entertained. Instead of a substantial gain, a regrettable loss had to be reported, and as the same committee has charge of affairs, I trust their experience on itbat occasion will have put them on their guard.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN ORCHESTRAL SOCIETY.

ANNUAL CONCERT.

The first concert promoted by the. recently formed Orchestral Society was brought to a most successful issue in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Thursday even- ing. There was a full audience, who were amply re- warded by a first class musical treat. The talent got together was quite out of the ordinary run of artistes who usually appear on Earlestown platforms, all,l the quality of the singing was much above the average. In fact it is long since such a refined musical evening has been enjoyed in Earlestown. The band which is com- posed entirely of local musicians, has made wonderful strides in the direction of proficiency lately, due no doubt to the skilled training they have received at the hands of Mr. A. Ashley, who has spared no efforts to make the Society a credit not only to himself, but the members also. The concert was opened by the band, with the overture, "La Souveraine," which was so ad- mirably given, as to place the audience at ease for the rest of the evening. They'closed the first part of the pro- gramme with selections from " The Gondoliers," in which the cornet solos, were excellently played ; the I trombone solos, were also given without a blemish, and altogether the performance was most enjoyable. The other items given by the band were, waltz " Casino-Tanze," and " War March of the Priests," the execution of which were in every way praise- worthy,and the audience showed their appreciation in a hearty manner. Whilst dealing with the instrumental- ists we might here mention the performance of Miss Bessie Grundy, whose manipulation of the violin, con- sidering she was a girl of only 11 years of age was ex- ceptionally clever, and she received a vociferous recall. Miss Annie Nelson (Australian Prima Donna), a soprano of no mean ability, was perfectly at home in the songs she contributed,viz. vocal waltz; " Carmena," and song, " Good-bye," her singing being of a high order, and finished in style. She received an enthusiastic reception and was heartily applauded. She also appeared to ad- vantage in the duet, " A night in Venice," with Mr. A. F. Thornborough, principal tenor, Chester Cathedral. Mr. Thornborough has an effective style, and his sing- ing of the ballad, "Tom Bowling," was given in a manner which left nothing to be desired. His other contribution was " No lips can tall," the excellent inter- pretation of which received the loud plaudits of the audience. Mr. John Sudworth, of Nottingham, but a native of Earlestown, surprised many of those present by the excellency of his singing, his rich bass voice being peculiarly adapted to the songs he submitted, " The Skipper," "In days of old," and "The Diver." for each of which he earned a hearty recognition. Mr. Ashley showed his proficiency as a musician in the clarionet solo " Alicante," which he gave in most perfect style, The humour of the evening was contributed by Mr. E. Whittle, of Bolton, who is too well known amongst Earlestown audiences to need comment. The name is a sufficient pass-word to merri- ment. His items were " Poor Mary Ann," and "The Village Concert," for each of which he received the usual encore. Mrs.Latimer creditably performed the onerous and difficult task of accompanist,and Mr. Ashley wielded the baton in the orchestral numbers. The success on this occasion will doubtless spur the society on to fur- ther and greater efforts in the future.

ST. HELENS THEATRE ROYAL.

This extraordinarily popular musical play, written by Mr. George Dance, author of "The Nautdi Girl," and "The Gay Parisienne," is to fpay a return visit to the Theatre Royal, St. Helens, next week. Originally pro- duced nearly two years ago at the Opera House, North- ampton,"The Lady Slavey"lias had an uninterrupted suc- cessful run in the provincial theatres of over 400 nights. Mr. William Greet, who produced the play at the Avenue Theatre, London,bas got together a strong Com- pany and every attention is paid to making a perfect ensemble both in regard to the principal characters and the chorus. The muse, chiefly composed by Mr. John Crook, is rendered with the fullest effects. Mr. Greet's business manager and trea- surer is Major George Stratton. In fact the company is fully equal in strength to Mr. Greet's other companies which have earned so wide a reputation for their rendering of" La Cigale "and "Little Christopher Columbus." "The Lady Siavey " was played in the Avenue Theatre to enormous receipts for a lengthy period, and has only just been withdrawn to make way for the musical burlesque, by Mr. George R. Sims, and composed by Ivan Caryll, entitled " Little Dick Whit- tington." " The Lady Slavey " and her retinue will arrive at the St. Helens station on Sunday next at 3 p.m., and all who desire to spend a happy evening should not fail to pay her a visit at the St. Helens Theatre Royal next week.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
LYlifM.

ANNUAL TEA PARTY. —The annual tea party and en- tertainment in connection with the Sion Chapel, Cherry- lane, was given on Monday when a good number of persons partook of an excellent tea,admirably served by a few ladies. An entertainment succeeded this event, songs, recitations, instrumental music, Sze., being rendered in a capital manner by a combination of artistes. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. A. Swan- wick. STARTLING Occunnexce.—An accident occurred on Saturday, which was fortunately not attended with any very serious result. Mr. Jelin Wilson,cab pro- prietor, was driving two horses, attached to a convey- ance, towards the village by way of Booth's Hill. The horses suddenly became unmanageable, and Mr. Wilson, whilst endeavouring to see his young son safely to the ground, could not prevent the animals colliding with a lamp-post. The shock of the collision threw Mr. Wilson to the ground, and the horses being then free dashed at an alarming rate down Booth's Hill. At the foot of the hill they ran against the Post-offiee window, smashing one large pane of glass to atoms, and scraping the wood- work. The son of Mr. Wilson escaped without injury, but Mr. Wilson was severely shaken. One of the horses was hurt but not severely, and the 'bus was damaged. SATURDAY POPULAR CONCERTS.—There was a large at- tendance at the Newfield Institute an Saturday evening, at the usual popular concert. The programme had been undertaken by Mrs. Dodds, her husband. The opening piece was a pianoforte duet by Messrs. Wood and Sod- low, followed by songs by Mr. W. H. Wallington. Miss May Pierpoint sang with taste and expression " Home, Deane Home," and afterwards gave "Venetian song," for which she received a well-deserved encore, respond- ing with " Bonnie Loch Lomond." The next item was a humorous musical sketch by Mr. Alfred Grounds en- titled a" Juvenile party." He subsequently appeared in two ventriloquial sketches "The School Btard Beadle "and "Music and Mimicry," both af which were received with uproarious applause. Mr. R. Neville Fos- ter contributed two cleverly executed violin solos and Mr. Adcroft rendered a clarionet solo in a very skilful manner. Miss Ethel Gornall gave two excellent render- ings of the songs" Dawn "and "0 promise me." A recitation was given by Madam Ruhb entitled " Ask , Mamma," followed by a song by Mr. Levi Richardson, " Sally in our Alley," who later gave effectively " My pretty Jane." Mr. Fieldhouse again made a welcome appearance and sang in fine style" The Bandilero." Mr. W. Asquith Wood proved himself an able accompanist. The singing of the National Anthem brought a most en- joyable evening to a close. LYMAI CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL.-011 Mon- day evening an entertainment of a refined and novel character was given before a good assembly in these schools, a a tableaux vivants, statuary, and movable waxworks, the proceeds being devoted to the Band of Hope Fund. The beauty ef the effects was supplemented by lime-light, powerfully shadowed upon the stage in many delicate shades of colour by Mr. Loudon. It is superfluous to describe in detail the figures represented, but it is no exaggeration to say that their draperies were the work of a genius, and reflected the greatest credit upon the Misses Ouston and Brearley, who had charge of them. The pieces represented in tableaux vivants included the stories of " Cinderella," in seven scenes ; "The Sleeping Beauty," ha five scenes; "Good morning! Have you used Pears Soap ?" and" The Wedding Morn- ing" of Sunlight Soap. In the Movable Waxworks four scenes were shown, viz: The Scene Continental "includ- ing "A Spanish Lady," " Dresden China," and " A Grecian Maiden," taken by the Misses Westgarth. Then " The fine Arts" described " Music "" Art, ' and " Literature," by the Misses Nightingale, Moston, and Brearley respectively. " A Miscellaneous Scene" depicted " Red Riding Hood," " Santa Claus," " Sweep " " Brittania," " Tichborn," " Where are you going to my pretty maid " (2 figures), "You dirty boy" (2 figures) and " Little Miss Moffit," the several subjects being taken by the scholars and teachers of the Sunday Schools. As a final waxwork scene there was shown "A Waxwork tea party," supposed to be taking place in the showman's absence from home—" When the cat's away," &c.; and a very funny effect was produced by what the showman described as" by an electric current turning on the laughing gas,"—all the figures being I made to join. Throughout the evening the audience ex- pressed their pleasure in audible term s,and encores were very frequent. Mr. J. R. Ormrod represented the char- acter of showman, and kept the auidence amused be- tween the brief intervals and changes of scene with many laughable ancedotes, some mimicry, and tunny extrava- gances ; and he was ably assisted in the Waxworks by the appearance of" Jonathan, the boy," in clownly get up, in the person of Mr. Jack Westgarth. Mr. William Lawrence rendered very able service as stage manager, and the absence of any hitch in an entertainment neces- sitating so much impromptu arrangement, speaks volumes for his ability. Mrs. Gotobed played selections of music during the course of the evening. At the con- clusion of a happy period the Rev. C. Clay,B.A.,moved, on behalf of the Band of Hope,a vote expressive of their appreciation, which was passed with acclamation.

===== 0002601_18950216_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TECHNICAL INSTITUTE SUCCESS.

In a list which has just been issued by the Sci- ence and Art Department of the names of the can- didates who passed in honours at the science exam- inations last May it is stated that the number who took honours in practical inorganic chemistry was 278, and the name of Mr. John Moly neux, of the Warrington Technical Institute, is bracketted first in the first class. Only one other La ncashire can- didate, and no Cheshire one, appears amongst the 23 who are thus distinguished. Mr. Molyneux is the headmaster of the Wesleyan School, Lamber- head Green, Wigan.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by a C° at The araminer General Printing Works. B80"e'r;3-ros" and Publiatted also at The Examiner Offices, 1rict0.....,0,0- Wrruncs ; High-street., RuNconis ; 32, Gedrg'-""irs of Heiens ; azd 33, ItisAet-street, EARLESTOWN.—/133 la. 1895, Jn/IN WAT,Tt,..FEßstreec.:

===== 0002601_18950216_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
INDIGESTION

THE whole medical profession the" world over is engaged in an earnest search for some remedy which will cure Indigestion, Constipation, and Dyspepsia. Statistics show that nearly half the deaths in civilized countries are caused by diseases of the FtoEn a ch and kidneys. Hitherto the remedies prescribed by the medical profeAsion for Indig :stion have been of little value, but the C. A. Vogeler Curative Compound does cure Indigestion. It 15 the most wonderful medicine in existence, a few doses gives relief— a few bottles cure the most Chronic cases. A trial bottle will convince the sufferer thot we make none but true statements.

Price 1/1% and 2 d, oiall Chennsts ; or sent free by Parcels Post on receipt of 14 or 30 stamps by the Sole Proprietors The Charles A. Vogeler Co., 45. Farringden Road, London.'"

ITALTQN,

...

HILTON RELIEF' COMIIITTEE.—ThI3 committee which has been formed for the purpose of relieving the distress. in the village consists of the following gentlemen : Messrs. R. Hughes (chairman), 'F. Wright (vice•chair- man), H. Reynolds (hon. treasurer), J. Faulkner, J. Looker and the Rev. G, D. Wray (hon. secretary). 'De subscribers to the fund include: Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., Sir Richard M. Brooke, £10; Dr. Carruthers, £1 ;- Mr. Cox, £1 ; Mr. J. Johnston, £1; Messrs. Ockleston's tannery employes, £2 103.; Messrs. Reynolds and Sons tannery employes, £1 103.; Highfield Tannery Cempanv, £1 ; Highfield tannery employes, 183. One hundred tickets for one hundred-weight of coke have also been received from the Runcorn Gas Company per Mr. J. R. ' Frith. PARISH CHURCH TEA MEETING.—In the Girls' schom . room on Friday evening, the usual congregational tea party in connection with the Parish Church was held. , A good number sat down to tea, after which a miscel- laneous programme of vocal and instrumental music , was submitted provided by the members of the choir who were assisted by Miss Boys, of Halton, and Mrs. -' Birkett, Billington and Clare from Runcorn. A drama- tic sketch was al=co provided,and taken part in by Misses ' Jeacock, A. and H. Acton,and Messrs. R. and F. Jeacock Paton, and Ellames. During an interval the Rey. G. D. 1 Wray (vicar) delivered an interesting address. TrayS , were given by Sir Richard and Lady Brooke, Mesdames ,•:' Cox, Evans, Carruthers, J. Stokes, Horton, Percival, Birch, Wright, Grine, Reynolds, Acton, Ackerlev, Whit- low, W. Nixon, Manning, Wray, Miss Johnston and Miss Brereton. The following contributed half trays. Ms' dames J. Leach, J. W. Haddock, B. Haddock, Blain, Chadwick, Walton,G. Hulme, R. Nixon, Fryer (Norton), Harrison, Walker, Misses Short, Woodward Jones, , Jeacock, Edwards, Birk, Messrs. G. Leach, J. Finch. F. Finch, H. Paton, J. H. Gamon,W. Ashley, and H. With ington. „ I WESLETAN BIBLE CLASS.—In connection with this . class, a lantern lecture was given on Monday evening by the Rev. J.H. Tite. Mr.Baguley occupied the chair. ' The title of the lecture was "Half-hours at the Sea- shore," and it was illustrated by means of a lantern . manipulated by Mr. Robinson, of Runcorn. There wal ~.. a good attendance.

lEETH.

TE IiTH.

Tki.

TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price. UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The TEETH. public may rest assured that, these state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps the best guarantee of this to riIEETH. intending patients Is that J. H. PARKIN- ' SON has one of Largest Dental Practices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST' 1 TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. rEETH• Any set made, or work done by him. en" . not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in i every detail will be immediately corrected, TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF , CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the public's sidle faction and recommendation, exemplified bi .e TEETH. 21 sets haying been inserted for patients du log one year only directly and indirectiF ',` through the voluntary persuasion and recoln• ii TEETH. mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any' „,. or all of these patients' names and addresses. TEETH.. for reference. will be givm to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, , ) TEETH. with thousands in the past, each recoil,- mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Parkinson's success. ' His unusually large dental establishment , TEETH. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUSY ' NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCONIU:I, -s- FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily, from 9 to TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. j TEETH. &c.. as hitherto. by the aid of his own made , LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which bei ' TEETH. TEETH. new liquifies for sale to dentists nearly ' gallons weekly. Patients have, there- fore, in this speciality also the benefit of big elxo:e7len gc

===== 0002601_18950216_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH. THETA.

J. H. PARKINSON, Dentiat by Examination, MANCI{EST(.+4, 46, MOSLEY-STREET National Telephone, No. 1660.) LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET.

EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2 to 5 PA' WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, 3, S;lakey-atreet. (Side ent arm, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs, Huglies',Confeotioner

Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NOIZTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at IS, Applemarket-street, Oir 11 to 12 a.m.. and Ito 5 p.m.

MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNRSDAY, Feb. 1370' FRUIT, VEGETABLE, POULTRY, BUTCHERS', ANL) FISHMONGERS' TABLE. S. d. S. d, El. d. d• d,; Beef, Eng.,V 5 0 sto 0 9 Melonii each ... 06 0 ° Lamb per lb 0 0— 0 0 Oranges, each 0 0— 0 + Mutton „ Veal „ „ Pork „ ,' ...... 0 6—o 8 Apricots each 0 0— 0 ? Pork sides -0 0 c .rrots per lb ... 0 0— 0 + ~ cured O5-0 0 Cauliflowers ... 0 0 0 Whole pigs„ so 7 6-7 9 Cucumbers eaeh 0 0 -0 0, Geese ~0 o—o 10 CaMages each 0 2 0 t Fowls V couple 4 6 5 6 Tomatoes V Us 0 6 0 to Chickens ~,0 Ducks ~6 0— 0 0 Spaniel! Onions 0 0— 0 u Ratihits Hares. each ... 4 6 -O 0 Asparagus plOOO o_o u Pigeons „ ...... 1 0— 0 0 Potatoes tf' load 7 0-9 ° ParCidge brace 3 6-0 0 ' ~, New potatoes , 0 0 - 0 It Grouse ...... 0 0— 0 Mushrooms isr „lb 0 0— 0 • Pheasants ... 0 0-8 0 Green Peas rlb 0 0— 0 0 Turkey 1 0— 1 2 Green tiprouts tt, 0 3-0 0 Butter, fresh it 1 2-1 3 B.ans, kidney tb 0 O— 0 0 Iren eggs 7 1 0— 0 0 Pomeg zanates... 0 I_o 0 ; . Duck „ Apples lb Onions „ Grapes „ 0 0— 2 0 Fine - 58 e Pine Apple each 2 6 3 0 „ good Greengages Wtboo 0 0 ~ ordinary 3O 0— 4° 0 Cherries , ...... 0 0— 0 0 Lobster rth Strawberries „ 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ o 0 ° Damsons „ ~ 0 0— 0 0 Salmon . Plums „ 0 0 0 0 Whitings n 6 Gooseberries „ 0 0— 0 0 Flukes ~ Raspberries ~ 0 0— 0 0 Eels ~ ~ Black Currants 0 0-0 0 Soles . ~ Red Currants 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings - o 0 Marrows each 0 0— 0 0 Codfish „ Seakale tii d 0 0— 0 0 Mackerel each 0 3 Rhntsirl hob 0 o—fl 0 /Terri,. g 11' rlneanl o—u

.GE.

===== 0002601_18950216_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, .1.; • ' • 'k;4 i'o F' - - - ... ..... .... ____ INCORN CO-OPERATIVE INDUSTRIAL AND PROVIDENT SOCIETY, LTD., DRURCH-STREET, RUNCORN. Est. 23 years. THE ADVANTAGES OF TRADING AT THE CO-OPERATIVE STORE. 3IVIDENDS and INTEREST for the half-year ending ber 31st, 1894, amount to the sum of £7,725 103. 11d. total sales for the half-year amount to the sum of 15e. 4.1., bring an increase of £368 95. Old. on the s half year. The total dividends and interest paid ha commencement of the society amount to 1 13s. 2d. DIVIDEND DAYS. vidend-3i. in the £ will be distributed as ender r EN : MONDAY, February 11th, 9 a m. to 5 p.m. WEDNESDAY, Fe.'..ruary 13th, 9 a.m to 12 a.m. FRIDAY, February 15th, 1 p.m. to 5 p.m, LACEY-:=.T. SCHOOLS, TUESDAY, February 12th, 9 a m. to 5 p m. DITTON-ROAD STORE, THURSDAY, Feb. 14th, 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. AM : SATURDAY, February 16th, 2 p.m. to 3.30 p.m. rats of this society lare the social, domestic, and il advancement of its members. It provides its with groc,rv., butchery, drapery, furniture, cloth- and shoes, clogs, milk, coal, Ac. The pubic are: V informed that the society is registered under the ' and Provident .Societies' Act. 39 and 40 Vic., hereby the liability of each shareholder is limited int of his shares. Persons wishing to join can , >lication at the Offices, B,Churclost.,Runcorn,or at ' :ranches in Widnes. IN AGED PERSONS TREAT in PUBLIC HALL, , trEsDAy, FEBRUARY 19Tst, 1895. , I i will be admitted to Entertainment, after tea id. each to the gallery orily. --- ----- r Y COUNCIL ELECTION :LECTORS OF THE NORTH DIVISION, RUNCORN. , GENTLEMEN,— Haztehurst has signified his intention to 'ose of his term of office, and in response to dis received. I offer myself as a candidate for n years you have elected me to fill a number 5 town, and I hope my work has gained your approval. Should you honour me by select- s position I shall serve you to the beet of my text three years matters of vital importance, Runcorn, such as the re-arrangement of the ust, will engage the attention of the County u may rely on my vigil-ince on your behalf, tter and any other which may affect your favoured with your support, I remain, yours obediently, SAMUEL TAYLOR. 7 14th, 1895. RE COUNTY COUNCIL! ELECTION. )TORS OF THE SOUTH DIVISION, RUNCORN. TLEMEN. of office as your representative on the louncil is rapidly drawing to a close. I lain placing my services at your disposal. ention to the duties of the position have 'cyst. As far as possible I have attended 'ly meetings of the Council but also those s on which it has been my pleasure to sit. tings at which I have been present I 1 favourbly compare with those of any oil. w the:interests of the County as a whole, • has been devoted to all matters pertain- ]. prosperity.of my native town, and of have entrusted me with their confid- ued an address° to the Electors of Heath with the election of the Runeora Urban scarcely necessary to dwell at length ; have assisted in securing for the to is. tribution of £4 X/ per annum by the is maintenance af main roads, which Rs the reduction cf the rates of the ,ers to which I have devoted consider- is the advancement of Technical In- t Is one of paramount importance, in- yto do with Ihe future well-being of England to maintain her supremacy 'orld, it is absolutely necessary that should practically anol theoretically ents in which they are engaged. As ire, my efforts shall be directed to are of the fund at the disposal of the ,nical Instruction, so that the Insti- acing completion, may be utilized to ove the advantage to the town it is that those I represent shall particip- tures and for scholarships in the ntroduced into the Council which t Runoorn, you may depend upon If there is a prospect of inereas- unication between Runcorn and be pushed forward to the utmost I do the great advantage it would with your confidence, you may an in the interests of the town. and Gentlemen, -s faithfully, PHILIP SPEAKMAN. .. Feb. 11th, 1895. , A NNI. , ,11042. 1. LORD-STRI SD , ..". Sig. -. DEC,, ~,,AND SHIP O —..ATOR, GI, . teore u.i. town and eau In ti ' •ektEQ, 4 bianZaPRICE Giv „ latir.4 Gold, 4 ~ Slleillel4 C. Letters at ........,.....„._ ... Olbson), 73. N x---------------._.____ , ',Stilszzi ----------- I- B ' t 3 °IIRB Alcli LADIES' • to- lilitlg. Buti,„ Term begit '`uPPER. • Pllet kte "OOrT 4`lllaat T 'erTIIPOIt • 14 VNir:. e. ~.. UNIX A 13(1,—r4jENT li• mJCOESs , ooeutileation th °Nouns A / Remove"°,lghly mod d to larger s (near - P Spßo BOAkb Luke Z'r lAL TRRI,RS Noth trips. ko. "..(inclusi 1 TX4Ri (a,Tplica Lt. NS T 1 - glatrtn Attlitlk 4,li.Nthuirry.____ ntroductions la, 804, ....e.a.VOir particulars a u negate, Manche 1\11414N Of ll3 er 0Ny..._,.. rth. Wife .,,,„, Correct PROT ''. I'oll (jell future pros: ec emotion et tutu it)Ottif. Wlletoo, LONDON. ' TEMPERA an,. 34 in O .r —Ol - -.I LUDGAT 0014.,_ a - ‘,4113. CLEANLI 144,Nt antral tor business o PA.a7O. w Tiv. . m O, he ith ASHINGTOD 7 ZE i 7- :deeekraetLetazzesiesisstspr.art, centr In 1;. lit 1131.11P°11T ot tbe 1;3: NaRN •--- SUNNY—SIDE I- rzernalnaer: with A llt,(4onv.,.,itib)tilidiSun!mer and ng xute 4,01 a ...‘,. rY cof sort fiin Southr v ne Sea Vi ~,..&8 oex lte. tetl'llikms ; Turkish, Vap . -4 iaivar,1,,,,,.-- Terms mod

, ANNIE TONKS, Iztob 1, LORD-STREET, RUNCORN. "81k Sin. -11 AND SHIP PAINTER, CHURCH 0 1)11CORATOR, GLAZIER, PAPER HANGER, ete. "'ere for town and country punctuallyattended to. 11141131aLST PRICE Given for Old Gold anilgiglvuee.r: I:4sblGoirr' .............lihrria o.lbBLoSenit'f)6ll;763el.4 and attendednshaw E roc. tr oc PIHa.tHe'AYHURST -street', Liverpool. Mutation. stlizsz-------,.„_, -....-----------. i'dt' 9.117 i 11.1/A,N2i LADIES' COLLEGE, WILMSLOW, Term begins JANUARY 21. Principal, . ---,HOPPER. Pupil teaoher wanted. Premium.. It 801311 SCHOOL. e4'.l kaater-ILPORT MODERN F aS. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., • • • Vilin, . SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL Asee'"uotleatf ii thntINOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. tIY RemoveTt,ighly modern and comprehensive. to larger Premises in Pilkington-road 13,..,1inear st. Luke's Station). p.SPRCIAL"T„;„I/IJIRS NOW RECEIVED. "tpeetu -'"uS (inclusive) tor is few Boarclers. "14XT8Tplp-,,,' 2,1 application to Head Master. --`'' BEGINS TUESDAY, January 15. "*.--z",........_

HUSSEY'S INEXPENSIVE JEWELLERY FOR EVENING WEAR. Best quality imitation and real Diamonds In Gold Settings, Bracelet', Necklets, hair Ornaments. Rings, and more than 3,000 Brooches to select from. Fancy Goods in endless variety, warm Skirts, Blouses, &c. Lace Collars, Bows, Ties, Prillings. HUSSEY'S, 116, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FOR 3/11 ANY SIZE. PAUL, OUT FITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER VIE UMBRELLA.)

W. P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLE 7E HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALL WARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS, BALLS, LEG GUARDS, GLOVES. &c. WIRE NETTING, FENCING WIRE, BASSINE UT ES, MAIL CARTS. MATS, MATTING, CARPETS. RUGS, LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personator other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge El 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ Pt £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s, „ £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON Manager.

ANNUAL . STOCKTAKING SALE OF ALL WINTER STOCK IN MEN'S OVERCOATS ALL NEW SHAPES. YOUTHS' OVERCOATS • ALL NEW SHAPES. 130YS' OVERCOATS ALL NEW SHAPES. AND ALL SURPLUS STOCK OF GENT'S TROUSERS, AND ODD VESTS, &c. REDUCTIONS FROM 41— To 10/ IN THE E. ALL THE GOODS are our own make, from win& will be found some Real Bargains. SALE FOR 28 DAYS. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT; 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL PURCHASE OF EVENING SUEDE GLOVES. 14 butt length 1/61 per pair. Usually 2/6 pen l pair. 18 butt length 1/111 per pair. Usually 3/6 per pair. THE ABOVE CAN BE HAD IN ALL SHADES AND SIZES. HENRY MILES, THE WELL-KNOWN GLOVER, 25 & 25a, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

LADIES AND, GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER in the latest style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. Cs JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

pUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. AA) T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; eonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 &9. aresvenor-street , Lon- 'm-road. Manchester.

ZPECTACLES AND EYEGLASSES SPECIALLY MADE FROM 4/6. IF between the age of 30, 40, or 50, without any apparent cause, ordinary print becomes confused. .and Moe letters run into one staother, then spectacles are necessary. CHADBURN AND SON, 17, JAMES-STREET, (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station,) ARE THE OLD OPTICIANS IN LIVERPOOL. CLOSE ON SATURDAYS AT 2 O'CLOCK.

FRISCH, SCHIER WATER AND LLOYD SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTLIORISED AGENTS FOB THE WALTHADE WATCH COMPANY. FRISCH, SCHIERWATER, fold LLOYD, as Practical Watchmakers, have gained a universal fame for these Watakes as THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance £l 15 0 Ditto. Keyless, ditto 2 2 0 Geld, from 4 4 0 -- 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SILVER'SOIL (CROYDON, ENGLAND). SPEEDILY CURES RHEUMATISM, ECZEMA, WOUNDS, ULCERS, BAD LEGS, SPRAINS, BRONCHITIS, SORE THROAT, NEURALGIA, Ac. BOTTLES ?id., is, and Zs. Free from Fain in 5 minutes. Money returned if not satisfied. Try a bottle. SOLE AGENT: J". H. WESTON, CHEMIST, RUNCORN.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

ASTHMA I ASTHMA ASTHMA THE LEwls REMEDIES, 28, EUDOE-ROW. CANNON-BT. LONDON, E.C. Wonderful Cures Effected. Send at once for Testimonials, Press Opinions, &c. THE LEWIS POCKET NASAL INH LER, 25., by post 25.10, THIP LEWIS ASTHMA AND ILLYFEIVER POW- DER, per tin 35. 6d., by post Ss. 9d. THE LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR Is.,by post Is. lid. THE LEWIS ASTHMA EXTERMINATOR. for Cbroni Cases. 7s. 6d., complete. " GELASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in the Head, Is. per bottle. post Is lid

Q.ILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND L., SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quantities or TAKEN •IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVRRY 'DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. R. REED, JEWELLER AND PAWNBROKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

CIGARS]. CIGARS I CIGARS. TER BEST VALUE IN THE MARKET. DARVEL BAY TOBACCO. Cigars made from this New growth excel in Burning Qualities and Flavour. They are better value than Havana or Mexican. I am now in a posi ion to otter them at the exceedingly low price et ltis. per 100 or samples can be had at Slur is. THE SMOKRRIES, 58. HORSEMARKET-ST., AID YE OLD FOX INN, BUTTER MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. BES WICK. Proprietor.

(MORRIS'S TOLD AND HONEY. IThe only Cure for Colds, Coughs 1 Bronchitis. &c. MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS FACTS, '{ The only Cure) for I . NEURALGIA, TIC AND TOOTHACHE. -- MORRIS, CHEMIST. I ALEXANDRA-ROAD, MANCHESTER, (... and all Dealers.

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manchestor MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificial Teeth making. In Price, Qt-tality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Suceess is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by informing them of suitable places. . TEETH! TEETH ! TEETH! NORTHWICH BRANCH. 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,II a.m,to 6 p.m. MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers. The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2. Set c. 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by H.M.11. Letters patent. MODERATE AND tatmusivro CHARGES. MACDONALDS' TEETH are the best andcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH are of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Fit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Soft Palates for Tender Gums. MAC DONALDS' TEETH Best to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH are Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS' TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TENTlikare made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled Painless System.! MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids to Health and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH are recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TENTH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington, 4, D-rton-ercet. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Northwich, 48. Irgh-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.' Hor rich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note the Address , NORTH.W ICH BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRIDAY,II a.m.to 6 p.m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the r rice UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD The TEETH. state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, public may rest assured that thsse state- and perhaps the best guarantee of this to TEETH. intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN- SON has one of the Largest Dental Practices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the LO VI, EST POSSIBLE PRICE. TEETH. Any set made, or work done by him, and not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in every detail will be immediately corrected, TEEM. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the public's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets having been inserted for patients TEETH. during one year only directly and Indirectly through the voluntary persuasion and recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses. TEETH. for reference, will he given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, TEETH. with thousands in the past, each reoom mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Parkinson's success. His unusually large dental establishment TEETH. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUST NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, TEETH. &c., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he TEETH. I now liquefies for sale to dentists, nearly 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- fore, in this speciality also the benefit of his TEETH. experience. TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist .by Examination, MANCHESTER, 64 MOSLEY-STRBET (NablonalTeleptione. No. 1661. LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS at Mrs. Mees. 2to 5 p.m. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sankey-street, (Side entrance, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs.Hughes', Confectioner Bridge-street, from 2 to 5, • NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-street, kr 11 to 12 a.m., and 1 to 5P.m • ..11Fil

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM. PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chauot). Strings. Bowe, Cases, ac.. of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES IT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

H. ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over ICOO Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on £lO orders and above.

ALL ACCIDENTS, RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL £1,000,000. EsTentasgEn 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,480,000, 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H. RIGBIIY, Central Station St. Helens Knutstord Mr. ALFRED IL CUTTER Bandbach Mr. R. FINLOW,Rookery Bridge

LORD BROS'. IS THE S lALE OF SALES. FOR PARTICULARS OF GOODS AT HALF-PRICH. SEE HANDBILLS. Two minutes walk from Market Gate down Bridge-street WILL SAVE YOU MANY A POUND AT LORD BROS., 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

I AWN MOWER REPAIRS. LI This is the most opportune season for repairs to be made, so that all who have mowers needing repair should sendthem either through their ironmonger or seedsman, or direct to THOS. GREEN & EON, LIMITED, LEEDS, 5. or S lURREY WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, S.E. P.S.—We repair all kinds of machines, for both:the trade and others.

TIIPORTANT ALTERATION.—S.P.B.P.—We offer three PRIZES i--£3, £2, El—for the best Advertise- ment or the best method of Advertising BRITANNIA RELISH and STANLEY PURE BAKING POWDER. No Entrance Fee. The names of the successful persons will be published in this paper. Suggestions must be sent in net later than Friday. February 22nd. to Auvertising Depart- ment, MEADOWCROFT AND CO., Stanley Works, Bury, Lancashire. N.B.—The reason of this alteration is that thousands of persons have got the idea that this is a catch-penny advertisement.

THOMAS HAMER. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. GRIFFIN HOTEL, EARLESTOWN. PROMPT SETTLEMENTS.

T. & W. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. LONGFORD-STREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S " ORIGINAL' AND CBI, BRAT N LAMBING & CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing, For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores. Wounds, and zewollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism, Price 2s. 6d .3s. 6d.. and is. per bottle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleansing after Lambing and Calving. For Hide Bound, Re I Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk Fever and Quarter 11l (Price 35.6 d. per dozen ,Rwes),l3s, per dozen (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID Cures Prostrated Cows and Ewes. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown. Cures Scour or Diarrhcea, and Colic. or Gripes. Cures Coughs. Colds, and Loss of Appetite, Price is. 9d. per bottle, 20s. per dozen. THE GASEODYNE, Used as Laudanum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhoea and Infiuensa. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving, For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s, 6d. per bottle, SPECIAL CALVING AND LAMBING CHESTS, with "Key to Farriery," complete £3 3s, and £1 10s. Car- riage Paid. Pamphlet on Rearing of Calves and Lambing and Calving Disorders," gratis and poet free. -- ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

CORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c, Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per ton. Special price over 150 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early n the season to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR StTPER/NTENBENT, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. BOLD ALDRED. Altrincham, Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Beswick, Manchester, Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. T. BARER, Alpraham, Tarporley, Cheshire.

FADE'S (TOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. EADirs pus. 107, Jubilee-terrace, Wolverhampton-road, EADE'S p ILLS. Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1893. Dear Sir.—l write to thank you EADE'S pus, for the very great amount of benetitt I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Rheumatic Pills. lam glad to think I am able to write, as had it not been for your grand Pills I should have been unable to do so, and am quite certain I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. GOUT I am extremely thankful, as I can still keep at my work. I shall use RHEUMATISM every endeavour to maks your Pills more widely known. You GOUT may use this how you think pro- per.—l remain, yours faithfully, RHEUMATISM E. GUEST. "Mr. G. Bade." -- EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, Goswell-road, London. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. lid. sad 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had ha CASK or•BOTTLES frora B. CUNNINGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1855. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES, TIPS, CHALK. WAFERS, CEMENT, AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS. DRAUGHTS, Ac. U3LERELLA AND WALKING STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TRADE.

1140 SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS, NO OIL. BOYLE'S 1 Burning the New Smokeless Fwel. I See the latest before you purchase. I IRO NING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons CI Tovrs.l entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 5s pi I Thousands selling. Suppded on appioval. I SHOWROOMS. I 41, DEANSGATE (opposite tram office) PATENTS. I DALHAK ENGINEERING WORKS, I Great Bridgewater-street. Oxford-street,

I FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMSON'S NEW PREMISES, 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING.

Ilubltrattons.

“HOW TO ENSURE REALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility : post free, two stamps.—Address Dr. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

LADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. Br a LADY DOCTOR. Free, two atamps. MADAME A. E. LILY, ColBton-et., Bristol. Invaluable information and blessing to womankind.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address GEORGE Evaits and Co„ Btoekbrokers, 24. Queen Tictorfa-st., London, B.C.

IMPORTANT NOTICH.—WANTED every lIIMI to see the Mirror, an illustrated guide of 64 pages. Free loy post. Any address in envelope.—Write H. Howirr.a., Secretary, 4, Fiteallan-square, Sheffield.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nom', but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN mere for lost strength. wasting weakness, ac., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH, 92-9.3. Great Russell-street. London. W.C.

IBRX Tandem Safety. Convertible te single if required. Write for particulars, Tunquasin, 41, St. George's Avenue, Thfuell Park, London. N. MILK DANDY on Sale.—Apply to Br, Toms HANKEY, Ben., Long-lane, Orford.

RANELAGH CYCLES are of the Highest Quility at Lowest Prices; good Agents wanted in every town and village where not represented; new lists now ready.— RANELA GH CYCLE CO., Leamington and Coventry.

FREE! FREE! Post Free to any Address SAFETIES I SAFETIES! SAFETIES I Important to Agente,Dealers and others. Wholesale List containing 1000 (One Thousand) Machines, new and second hand, sent Post Free to any address. SJ. per cent. cheaper than ther makers or agents. Why pay more or fanny prices ? Single machine at wholesale price. Write at once for the largest and most complete list in the cycle trade. Sterling va ue and no large profits. W R. WARRILO IV, Cycle Works, Regent- street„ Weston-super-Mare.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 8, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus, Victories, Wavonettem and Phiefonit. no, for Sale or Hire.

Aittstral iinstruments. CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN, new; tine rich tone kJ splendid pitch pine ease.—ALEx. iOLNG and Sons organ builders, Eldon-street, Manchester. .

AMBRICA.N ORGAN, containing 4 sets of reeds, 11 stops, octave couplers, and knee swells, handsome walnut case, mirror top just new. accept £l2 Ios. cash, and send on approval,—J. HIBBS, 9, City-road, Higher Openshaw, Man- chester.

SSITH, SONS, AND COMPANY.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STREET, MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE GREAT MAKERS. KIRKMAN ERNST KAP& COLLARD GORS & KALLMANN BROADWOOD IBACH HOPKINSON BECHSTEIN, Sce. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 year's system. PIANOS from 10e. 6d. monthly, ORGANS from sa. monthly, till paid for. Delivered free in Warringt and Di filet on payment of first month's hire. Nat. Tel.

NS HA W. PIANOS. RENSHAW. PIANOS. HIINSHAW. opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANCHESTER. PEOPLE'S MODEL," seven octaves, full trichord, check action, panel front, Iron frame, in veneered cases, En cash, or may be obtained by easy payments of 12s. 6d. monthly. Deliven cl free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire systems from 10s. 6d. monthly, by all the leading makers. AR instruments sold by HENSIIAW are fully 'war- ranted. 83. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repaired or taken in exchange. AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass. with knee swell, in handsomely finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly till paid for. RENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. HENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not want both money and instrument. HENSHAW supplies dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR rutios OR ORGANS AT RENSHAW'S, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- TER, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. RENSHAW. PIANOS.

DIANO SALE AT J. PARRY'S. 20, DOWNING-ST ARD- A. WICK. MANCIIRSTBR. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compass Semi-grand, by Broadwood £2 15 Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano, by Stoddart 3 Li Full-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Schumann 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard & Collard 11 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, ty Broadwood & Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ, 9 sets, 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 15 Piano & Organcombined, a grand instrument, cost £lOO 20 0 Piano Orchestrion, self-acting, with music, cost £35 l5 0 Several Organs by Bell, Storey and Clark, Bridgeport and Thomas, from £2 15s. upwards.

Extra MAILS. tff. Stamp. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Rariestown, Golhorne, Lowton, k Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-untier-Lyne, Blackburn, Bleak pool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Orrnskirk, Present, Preston. Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West ef Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, N orth Wales. Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolve,hampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birk et thead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales.Preston.St.Heiens, Southport. and South Wales ... 2-20 p.m. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Rarlestown, Golhorne, Lowton & Winwick ... 3-10 Warrington, Manchester. Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... 8-10 SUNDAY DM/WATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

MORN REMARK ABI DUNKS nedarmats. ULU All D TIvE, CoUGHS AND THROAT AND CHEST DISEASES BY DR. LOCOCICB PULMONIC WAN, as. Mr. Johnson, 191, Me stiwood Road, Leedp, writes :—* I recommend the Wafers In cases of Asthmatic and Censumptive Coughs, with the M•Yie benefi-al results; and I also consider them the best medicine f“r all Throat and Chest Diseases." Asthma, Con- sumption,Bronchitis, Coughs, Cubic Shortness of Breath, Phlegm, Pains in the Chest. and ItheUMatiatxt, are Instantly rs-lieved and ra idly cured by Dr. Locock's Wafers, which taste pleasantly. Sold at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 64., and Ils. per box, by all Druggists •Idol. (4)

RUPTURES. TRUSSIM WOODENLYS PATEN TRUSSIK the most oomfrtede truss ever invented. A boon to weirers. ft ,ving no spring at hack. Singl-, Is. lid Double 12s. Carria,le paid. Send size in inches tc J. WOODEND. Chemist. 22. Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

CL•RICE.EI WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE " is a guaran- teed core bit. al Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching Wood cleanser ever discovered, and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. Por Scroiula, Soorvy, Eczema. Bad Legs. Pimp'es and Sores of all kinds its effects are marvellous. Tho manila of Testi monials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware o orthless i.nitations and substitutes.—Advt. (1

eI<INARIES, Canaries, in all varieties tor breeding or song. Before purchasing send for price and particulars. Grand stock at THIRRETTLE'S, naturalist, Grapes Hill, Norwich. Established 1860.

/I SALE.—Bay Iv( ARE, 1.6-3 hands high and Ii also Hawkers Glass Sided v tn, will carry three tons ; can be seen any Wednesday afternoon or Saturday after three o'clock at TELE ROUND HOUSE, Lowton, Lancashire.

XrESICO-SUDORIFIC.—The most famous and humane Y Blieter for Horses ho th 3 world ;no blemish ;no tying the heath, no rEst neoded ; hundreds of unsolicited testimon- ials post free : price 28. 6d. or 55., of Chemists, or post free. —GREGORY, Veterillßriall, Brietol.

qilin3 NONPAREIL INCUBATOR AND REARER, coat- i blued • acknowledged by all the most perfect and re- I able, hatching 5-.) per cent. ; complete with thermometer, lamp, full instructions ; 100-egg, £2 ; 50. 305.; 25, 21s. ; illustrated cstalogue free. Tamtax, Poultry Appliances Manufacturer, Putney, London. LI ORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Look free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, troken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush, CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Coudy's Fluid. (diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is.; 20 oz.. 2s. of all Chemists. ITETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases af Horses, Dogs, Rm. from CONDY'S FLUID WORKS. 61. Turnmill-street, London.E C.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL 41 MAIL STBAMBES. LIVERP OOL to NSW YORK via QUeenStOWD. EVERY WEDNESDAY. *ADRIATIC Wed., Feb. 20. I *TBUTONIC... Wed , Feb. 27. Cotton not c4rrzed on Passenger Steainers. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to ISMAY, !mum and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London. 2.0.. and 10, Water-street. Liverpool.

_EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: Co.,JOHN WALKER AND UO EXAMINER 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR cUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY. and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare W HITE STAR LINE for NE'W YORK every WEDNESDAY.

• - MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL. MEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN 11 LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe Cane Town. and at Hobart. &c.

INTENDI NG EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA. CHINA. JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER' OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. .101-IN WALKER AND CO.. AGENTS

3niN. BAND SAW, 9, 12. 151 n. Surface Planes, 15, 181 n. Combined Hand and Powez Peed Planers, and several ircular Saw Benclies.—W. WILD, Dean.lans, Newton Heath.

TN STOCK Hydraulic Presses, Earns from 4 to 14 inches, Ptimps Hand or Power, Engines, Hoisting Machinery, Shafting, Pulleys, Plummer Blocks, Mo.—WILLIAM KNOTT, Fairfield street, Manchester.

(IN BALE two wire netting weaving MACHINE one to A.-/ weave from 61n. wide up to 4tt sin., lin. and 21n. mesh. 'lid the other any width up to 6tl. wide nin. and 31n. mesh, 17 to 21 gunge of wire. Can be eeen,and full particulars and prices obtained of THOMAS GREEN and son. Limited, Leeds.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerad, Grienon, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, bare the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- -1 ERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Enginscriag Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

HALF H.P. Second-hand Crossley GA.S ENGINE for sale, esn be seen at our works ; aiso Two GAS JCZIGINS for sale. practically new; been running two months until larger engine ready ; can be seen in Blackpool; low price, accept before removal.—Apply Birsici GAZ and OIL MIGINE Co., Limited, Luddend an, Manchester.

PECKETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRIdTOL. Have in Stook ready for immediate delivery NUW LOCOMOTII/111i1 with Cylinders from 10 to 16 • distneter, 4 and 6 wheela coupled, with all the latest improvement*. Full partioularc on applioation.

pATENT OFF IC le MANCHESTER, En...MIMED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha .1 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactimes. "Self-ipilp to the New Patent Law," prima Sri. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price ls. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.8.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS wAßEtrou,ii. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT ASBESTOS PACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA. KINGS. SHEETINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, AND ABESTOLINE, Can only be obtained Genuine. Direct Irons the Sole Vendors in the Northern Counties : F. R. P UT Z, 8 and 9. SOUTH PARADE, DeallSgate, MARCSIOSter, AND PUTZ, CURPHEY, AND CO.: 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. • Telegram Addressee: " Asbestos," Manchester ; and " Asbestas,'' Lives pool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBISH & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &o. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool. Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Caraiff, Newport. and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

GEORGE JA R.SON, PAWNBROKE 1:„ JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 59, sift) 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Deacription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

TUST FORFEITED, first-class tr English Lever WATCH Jewelled in 3 pair extra, by W. WOODS, Payments taken. Warrington in first-class condi- tion, cost six Guineas, our price Genuine Bargain, War, anted 59/6

A Very Handsome TOILET SET Cl.. with deep pink Band and Gold Payments taken Decorations, only 8 . lid. Another very pretty one, Grand Value 5/6

A Good Sound KITCHEN lA_ CHAIR. best value in town Payments taken. defy competition 2s. 110., dozen 17s. 6d., Nursing Chair, 4s. lid., 2/9 Childs' Rocker

ONLY JUST PORFKITED, quite new Silver Lever WATCH, Capped and Jewelled, Crystal Glass, Payments taken. has not been worn a dozen times, this is a rare opportunity for anyone wanting a good sound watch. R 2 15/— warranted for 6. years

HAVE Several Tapestry CAR- PETS, various size, pretty Payments taken. designs for Sale, one 31 by 3, £1 9s. lid., Hearth Rugs to Match, 2/11 price

11PIRAUTIFITL pair of China Figures,Handsomely Decorated, Payments taken. under Glass Shades, 20 inches high. 20/6 only

WANTED, 10,000 SUNLIGHT and LIFEBUOY Soap Wrappers. lid. dozen given. C. FOILEY, 18 Bel- grave Square, Beigrave-street, Birmingham. CATAPULTS Extraordinarily powerful. Rabbits-, Birds easily killed. Satisfaction guaranteed, Is.. is. 6d., 2s. 6d. post free.—Gxxr, Mutford Bridge, Lowestoft.

DHEIJNIATISM, RHRUMATL,M, 11.111UMATISM.—Cure it guaranteed by Prior's Biagio Liniment; try it.— STORES, Chemist, or 14 stamps of Prior, 8, Clarendon-st., London, N.W.

JOHSINE. new white Cream for polishing all kinds of Metal. 3. or free sample anybody may send stamped addressed envelope to LOISSINE DEPOT. 7 Bullring, Birming- ham. Agents Wanted.

URENCII POLISHING, Enamelling, Staining—New J. BOOK-1,000 Practical Trade Recipes, Inst.uctions Beautitully Illustrated, Free 25 —J. TOMLIN, Queen's-road, Barnsley, Yorkshire.

DAINT MIXING.—New BOOK 1,000 Practical Trade 1_ Recipes, Instructions for Mixing and using Paints, Oils. Colours. Illustrated with Colours and Tools. Free 25.--J Tommx, Queen's-road, Barnsley, Yorkshire. r_3lLics PILES t All outward Piles cured in two or three 1_ days with BODDI II PATENT OINTMENT; Testimonials from all parts; only one trial solicited.—Apply W. BODDY, Bradford, Yorks, Boxes by post is. lid.

MIT-BIT OF TBLEGRAPIIY.—Instrument and full in- struction for learning Telegraphy by needle and sounder, post free 3s. 6d., or send stamp for description.— Jona COCKING, Violet Bank, Sheffield.

TrEEP FROM DAIAP.—I HAVE some extra-strong white .11 WATERPROOF SHEETS, 6ft. by 31t. 2s. 6d. 61t. by 6tt. 55., carriage paid; cost four times the meney.—Frobs HENRY J. Gtssorc, Government Contractor, Rye.

HORSES' LOIN CLOTEIS.—Best and strongest In the mwket-461n. long, 3310. wide, waterproof on stout navy csnvas, and weighs 41b. I will send one post free for 3s. ;worth Is 6d.—lt. J. GAMOW, Rye.

BU SINBSg.—To be disposed of cheap as a going concern, a Fried Fist) and Potato Business carried on in bird-at.. ktancoru.—Apply T. ?BARNETT, 18 and 18, High-street,

CHLEIIKATIM YENDINA POMADII strengthens I and beautifies the hair ; the most genuine article for promoting growth of moustache or beard ; post free 1/3 and 2/3. Dawn' asid Co.. 42, Warbata-street, Kennington, Lon- don. ARTrilni's SKIN 011,ern Kali' for the complexion. a most agreeable toilet requisite, keeps the hands white. and the fees free from freckles, pimples rate. Post free 10. and 2s. 9d. BIiONT and Go.. 4S, Warn:um-street, Kennington, Loudon.

PHOTOGRAPRY made easy, illustrated catalogue (post free) ti Amateur-PhotograPhers' Requisites ; ii•vr and second-hand ; cheapest house in the trade; goods bought and exehanged. PEOToOMITHICI Dewar. 71, Oxterd street, Manchester (All S Lists).

ANCASHIAB GOLD WATCHRS. equal In appearance to LA 20-guinea watches. Chronometer, centre seconds, stop watches. 15a. 6d.; keyless hunters. 18s. 64. each. Good time- keepers. Money returned if not approved.—Postal orders to A. COLLINS. Station-road, Ainsdale. Lanoashire.

FFOUND, a way to make One Pound go as far as Three. The meet wonderful Stoek of Gentlemen's and Beys' Cloth- ing In Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits en hire, 3s. to Ss. per day.—ELwoon, 164, Louden-road. Liverpool. TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thlet-proot SAFT MAKER, has ON SALB Chatwood, Chnbb, Perry, Phillips, and others; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —6B. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

BILLIARDS I BikaATELLB l—Tho cheapest house for Billiard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisite is Herm IC/ nos., Lin., 29. iligla-st., Laudon, W.C. Bead for new Prise List, cloth and cushion samples, post free. Estab- lished 1862.

(001JTH WEIS? MANITOBA.—For sale. splendid Perm 1...7 about $Olll screw well watered for stock, prise £1.00• liasy terms povratlit, or would exchange for small farm, freehold, in lingland —Address Mslirronsx, 131, Upper Parliament-street, Liverpool,

Fro CHEMISTS and DRUGGISTS.—Businoes FOR SALE, 1. ix present an di 2it years proprietor retiring, wall fitted shop, eeven-rootned house, rent 22.), stock and Monroe £lBO, or valuation, no goodwill.—Apply 0. J. WILSON, West-street, Beaton, Liam.

1)111166 SUITS, 20e. excellent condition. Few epeoial Writs, trona 3N. ; Coats, IN. and 12s. Sutra en hire, from 3,5. per day. Gootlemen's Welts and Second-hand Clothing of every deeeription always in ateet.-Iftwoo. 164, Londen-read, Liverpool.

QKIN and Sr ORBUTIC DISEASES each as ECZEMA, SOURF, STCOBIS (Barber's It), PIMPLES and other 1-upidelas eured by "ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."— Has oared CiAtB of long atancling after medical wen have failed. Per Box 9fid. By Post la. From B. ENGLAND, Us- card. Liverpool.

OOK LOOK n LOOK ni GREATBST BA.RGAINS ON 1 11 EAU TH.-10.00) Waterproof Hoods and Capes l chased from the Government. Cost Is. 64. each, I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free, guile um% , but put out of servioa.—HnernY JOHN GANNON, Cissoerantont Contractor, Rye. Tr MAID by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, N./latch is said IX. by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced, as they find the rats deed. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers anal ethers. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infected with these pests can be speedily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLR , POISON. Price of either of above. Is. 24., is 6d..2a. 6d..55., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

" THAT'S WHAT I OM FOR MY PAINS, as the Cyclist mid, when rubbing with fIIBSON'S FAMOUS EMBROCATION.—BottIes le. 4., N. 3 211.9 d., and 4s. 6d., poet free.—GIBSON'S BMBBOCATION COMPANY, Queen's Avenue, Castle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Bridge-st,,Warringtost.

ykrELHAIWS ASTHMA CURB never fails to cure canaries, See you get Welham'a. Post free 7d. Canarydine Works, Gordon-grove, Camberwell, London.

G UN for SALE, new ; double-barrelled. left full-choke, central fire, Damascus barrels, and all latest improve- ments ; trial allowed ; price £2 17s. 6d., worth £4 —Apply 4. WOLSLEY-ROAD, South Shore, Blackpool.

PARAPERS, and FENT DEALERS, wanting a cheap line, write at once for 141 b sample bundle of VELVETEEN FENTS, lengths yard to 1 yard., is. 6d. per lb. Cash! Usual price, is. 3i.; 3 ton lot, must be cleared quick Merition paper.—CALAM and Co., Fent and Job Merchants, 15, York-place, Leeds. '

CHEAP FISH! FISH! FISH.' FISH! FISH.! If you wish the best value and best quality, send your orders to Mr. M.W.JENNISON,one of the oldest established Wholesale Fish Merchants in Grimsby. Over 25 years standing. Mr.31049.j.wi1l send for Cash with order,any quantity from I4s. worth upwards, mixed according to Order, to suit the convenience of Small Shopkeepers or Hawkers. ALL KINDS OF FRESH FISH, OYSTERS. CRABS, SHRIMPS, PRAWNS, FINNEY HADDOCKS, KIPPERS, AND BLOATERS ON HIND DAILY AT LOWEST WHOLESALE PRICES. Norway Iced Herring during the season. The Grimsby Herring Fishing is only on.iduring August and September. Please note. Old and established Fishmongers would find it to their advantage to give M. W. J. a trial with a few Orders. PRIME AND BEST QUALITY FISH A SPECIALITY, Special Terms of Credit if satisfactory references given. Fish promptly sent off same day as cash and order arrive. Be eareful to address in full, H. W. JENNISON, as he has no connection with others of the same name in Grimsby. Make Post Office Orders payable to Fish Dock, Grimsby. ADDRESS ALL COMDIUNICA/CIONS— M. W. JENNISON, FISH MERCHANT, GRIMSBY

itiontp. . - MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. APRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply ol note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 28, Haydock-st., Earlestovrn (private house). Hours Sam, to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guasan- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

NO PERS UNLESS CASH IS ADVANUED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now beinglent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

THE ECONOMIC BANK (LB.) OLD BROAD STREET, LONDON, B.C. Accounts opened with sums of El and upwards. 2f PER CENT. interest allowed on deposits from date of deposit, repayable on demand. 2 PER CENT. on minimum quarterly balance of current accounts, Ckeques can be drawn for sums under El. All funds invested in first-class yealisable securities. No loans, discounts, or overdrafts No charge for keeping accounts. Particulars free. SAMUEL GURNEY MASSEY, Managing Trustee.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. TR. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCE 1.7.1 PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Ilcuseholders, on their own security. ,dONEY TO INCRBASE YOTJR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prt--..nise to pay back.—Apply tt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134. Orford-lane, any Evening from fit -1 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large Uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF RIO TO £l,OOO, To Responsible Persons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO EMPAY. Without Sureties. Delay, Law Costs. Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life Policies, &c. • at 5 per cent. Repayments by Easy Instalments Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Boos-hide Private Concern, And not connected with any Loan Offios. HABITUAL BORROWERS REQUESTED NOT TO APPLY. Full particulars front— J. CAMPBELL, ESQ.' Manchester Ohaanbers, 465, Market Street, MANCHESTER.

BANK STREET, 'C'FFICES, £5 a room. pERICETH, COTTAGES, 3s. 9d. had Zs. U. per week.

WINWICIC ROAD, Oilver-street, Good LODGING ROUSE, Si. UNION STREET. SMALL YfORIC.I6 in centre of town. SANKEY-STREET, LOCK-UP SHOP; good window for display. Rent £22 Clean Apply, ROBEpT Lown. li,.tate Agent, Market Gate Chambers WarringtoA. Telephone—No. 51. •

rru DE LET OR SOLD, with immediate po3session, int- l. rate modern House in Springfield-street : 2 entertain- ing roosne, 5 bedrooms, kitchen an 4 offiees.—Apply J. Lone. LAND. selleilior, 2, Union-street, Warrington.

'l'o LET.—Albert Villas, Ashton Road, Newton-le-Willows, with Stable and Coach House, R.ntals £l5 and EIS respectlyely.—For particulars apply to WILLIAM, G1L811132, farmer, Newton-le-Willows, or to JNO. Bucaratr, Round, House, Lowton. SHOP and House,. 24, Buttermarket-street (a principal thoroughfare), Warrington ; five bedrooms, sitting room. kitehen,scullevy, ana two cellars ; rent £55. or shop- and part of house £4s.—Apply W. ISAAC 26, Buttermarket street, Warrington.

TIOUSHS TO LIVT. varying in rents from 4s. per week to £l9 10s. per annum, every accommodatim, includ- ing hathroom,w.c., Ice. Also good corner SHOP, six bed- rooms and other, conveniences ; rent moderate. (Freehold Property for sale). —Apply WILLIAM Borrocx, Wllderspool, Warrington.

rro LT.—The best known Business Premises In Burslens, 1. known as CLOCK HOUSH, large shop 30 feet frontage, nine rooms indwelling-house, suit draper. boot dealer, grocer, ironmonger, or almost any business; splendid opening tor pushing Auctioneer, as there is no auction Mark of any note in the whale town of 33,000 inhabitants ; has been 30 years a Drapery Establishment. Rent low. Apply J. Bortar Tailor sad Clothier, 27, Market Place, Borslern.

35/- "PALT09.42,7." T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, EIS. DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL„ Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanice. a thorough English SILVER LEVEE WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 359. Many persons will be surprised that a genuine English Lever can be made for the price, but T. B. CARDWELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever, 355. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions. guaranteed for FiVe years Can be had at CARD WELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18 ottrat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from Er REPAIRSPROMPT AND RELIABLE.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, EST4.IE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, Warrington. AUCTION ROODIS—No. 1 Rank Street)' AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited . Established 1864.

THOMAS CO WDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND tSCOTLAND-ROAD CHAMBERS. SALEROOM :—J 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

—FIR. J. CoLLIS BROWNE'S CIILORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYN is admitted by the Profession to E be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. CHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. CHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests V those too often fatal dis3ases.—Diphtheria,Fever,Croup, Ace. HLOBODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentry. CHLoRODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks kJ of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation. and Spasms. OTILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- kJ gia, Rheumatism, Gout Canoer, Toothache. Meningitis, &c. From Dr. B, J. BOULTON and Co.. Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all , otheeSedatives ;that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Man- illa, to the effect that Choleta had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODINE," —See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. Cannott.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PASIE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of "CHLORODYNE " Rad that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn t..—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at ls. lA.d.. 2s. 9d., and As. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BITOWNE'S CHLORODYNE " on the Gevermatent Stomp, Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-st.. Bloomsbury, London.

GEORGE HENRY L E & Co BASNETT STREET LIVERPOOL, Are now Making Their ANNUAL DISPLAY OF FANC ARTICLES, SILVER AND ELECTRO-PLATE. ART EMBROIDERIES, AND NOVELTIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. For CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR GIFTS. Gift Books for Boys and Girls. THE LATEST BOOKS PUBLISHED. BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC DESIGNS in Autograph Cards FOE CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GREETIN Special. G. H. and Co.'s is. 344. Box of Christmas and New Year Cards. Containing 50 Ca.rdsand Envelopes. The best Box ever offered. High Class Cards, original value 10s. By Post 444. extra. THE LADIES' YEAR BOOK. A most Useful Compendium for the Household, containing Diary, Household Accounts and Washing Books, besides a mass of Useful Information for the Home. Post Free is. 64. UMBRELLAS, GLOVES. GENTS' TIES, and SCARVES. • SEALSKIN JACKETS, FUR MUFFS AND BOAS, DR,F.SS MATERIALS, Au., For Presents. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

W. BATTY, BUILDRiI AND CONTRACTOR, ItROOKPIELD TIMBER YARD RARLESTOWN. Dealer In all kinds of Entitling Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. Al! kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

STAMP COLLECTORS. Try our PAOKBT OF STAMPS: sure to give satisfaction ; price Is. Id. by post. Wholesale and WWI Lists Free, Large Stock of Rarities on hand, We Buy Old Forelirn•Stamps, loose or in books, on envelopes or other wise. Old Stamped Envelopes BOught, THE LIVERPOOL STAMP CO.,

TiclUermOirts 666. PLANT NOW. SPRING FLOWERS 2,01 t EVERY GARDEN, TOWN OR COUNTRY. TUB PICK OF HOLLAND. CARRIAGE FREE. QTOCE. nearly One Million of Mature Bulbs, the best sorts.. the best bulbs, and cheaper than auction sales or direct import from so-called growers in Holland. HYACINTUS, Rainbow mixture of brilliant colours, 1.05.. per 100, is. ed. per dozen. HYACINTHS.—Regal named sorts for pots and glasses, 35., 45.. 65.. Sc., per dozen. 100 in lir varieties for IT& 6d. or 21s. TULlPS.—Rainbow mixture of bright colours for bedsc.. 4s. and 6s. per 100 Splendid named sorts 3s. to. Bs. per 100. CROCUS, large-flowered sorts only, exquisite colours for beds. ribbons, acc., Is. 6d. to 3s. per 1004 128. 6d. to 255. per 1000. DAFFODILS, splendid selection of the very best, far pots and borders, from 65. per dozen and 2s. 6d. per 100. See list. SCILLA SIBERICA, lovely Siberian Squill D scarf. brilliant blue, exquisite far beds, A.c., 3s. per 100; 251. per 1000. s INOWDRoes, Anemones,Ranuneulus, Polyanthus, Narcissus, Lilies, Freesias, hie, Sm. For full particulars please commit oar Illustrated List, post free. ROBERT P. KER AND SONS; BULB IMPORTERS AND GROWERS. BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FURS. FURS. FURS. HUDSON'S BAY HOUSE FURRIERS, 123, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTNII. Mr. SPIRO, having been meat fortunate in purchasing a Large Consignment of skins considerably below the market value, Gan undertake the RENOVATING and REMODEL- LING of LADIES' SEALSKIN JACKETS Into the most perfect styles, at very moderate prices. Our S lOCK is now complete with the newest and mostJ'ashion- able FURS for the coming winter Sealskin Jackets and Capes, Fur and Star-lined Cloaks, Bears, Sables, Sannks, ac.. rte. NOTE TRH ADDRESS 123, OXFORD ST -ft EET ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER.

ALL LETTERS TO BE ADDRESSED TO EXAMINER OF ICE WARRINGTON. TRE "EXAMINER" SERIES OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises rr HE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE " EXAMINER," published every Saturday morning. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON " EX- AMINER," published every Friday afternom. THE ST HELENS "EXAMINER "---P-u—bigheCl every Frida) afternoon, THE RUNCpRN " EXAMINER " published every Friday afternoon ; and THE WIDNES " EXAMINER " published every L Friday afternoon. PREPAID ADVERrISMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL Use above mentioned Papers for ONE CIIARUS, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, • MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. lIONSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO HE LET OR SOLD. One Thres Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Advertise ment inserted on credit under Is. per insertion.

RUPTURE: ITS RELIEF AND CURE. By J. A. SHERMAN, H RNIA. SPECIALIST. Author and Inventor of the popular SHERMAN METHOD. Will oe in attendance at his Chambers, 19, Mount-street (opposite Central StAtion). Manchester : and 19, West George-street (Victoria Hotel), Glasgow, ALTERNATE WEEKS. Write at once for his BOOK of Information and Endorse- ments, which he sends POST FREE.

THE MILLER OIL LAMP, LATEST UP-TO-DATE IMPROVEMENTS. A STEADY, LARGE, AND WHITE LIGHT. BEST AND SIMPLEST DEVICE FOR RE-WICKING EVER INVENTED. CANNOT LEAK. FROM IRONMONGERS, PLUMBERS, LAMP DEALERS, OR WHOLESALE FROM BAXENDALE'S, MILLER-STREET, MANCHESTER.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, prepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all who suffer I from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIONSTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, Lose OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, AC. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, as a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT' MEDICINE ;.lave no equal, being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach. They give a health* tone and vigour to the different secretions. causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthening the whole system. .I.JR. SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight occasion of ailing on the part of those under their charge as by paying attentiun to the regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. The Genuine are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the propaetor, W. LAMBHRT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 16 1895.

POLISHING-A PLEASURE I WILL NOT 4 A#"'s STEPHENSON's FINGER . MARK. 24 1 FURNITURE ,----,.., ti•C''-':iliMP./ 4> .: .• • 1 f tr..t, ~,,,,, I.4e::''''' . . 0 1 CREAM. , , ...... ... , —...../ Hold by Gheinists. Grocers, and Ira ntnongers. 8018 Proprietors, STEPHENSON BRIM. BRADFORD.

CONCRE YES BALSAMIC ELIXIR. The Grand Old Remedy for Chest Diseases. (IN USE FROM THE YEAR x 826.) This splendid medicine should lo• is every honcho% Oa the appearance of the First Symptoms of a Cold • good dose of the BALSAMIC ELIXIR will, in nineteen out of twenty cases, carry it off before it becomes settled or merges into Influenza. At the first SUSPICION OF IN- FLUENZA take it,—as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also take it for the SUBSEQUENT WEAKNESS of the LUNGS, and other direful effects of this alarminig disease. Rev. F. E. HEAPE, of Derby, in a recent letter to Mr. Congreve, says: "Your medicine always puts my lump sight, and elm* out the terrible INFLUENZA last May. IN CASES OF Coughs, Recent or Chronic, and Bronchial Affections Persevere witi. :his medicine, and you can hardly fail to get the Cough relieved, and the bronchial symptoms to disappear. In that very distressing disease, so terrible, especially to the a6ld, ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— ON GR E VE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief. The reader is referred to the case Of LADY G. BROM LEY(No. XIII. in Mr. Congreve's hook). Also note that this medicine should be kept in the house by all MINISTERS and PUBLIC SPEAKERS. For HOARSENESS it iteinvaluable, and Splendid for the Voice, and as a PREVENTATIVE OF Coco to speakers going out in nil weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken on a small lump or two of sugar in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be bad of all Medicine Vendors in bottles at as. x34d., is. gd., 45. 6d., and family bottles at xis. and 223.

, aim GOLD Nifty -;- MEW PURISM '. :' _ _ 1....•,,,,t , KNITTER i, • ---, , '-ielt) KNITS atockingsribbed or plata GLOVEd and CLOTHING In WOOL, BILE, or COTTON. INSTETTG. • i i'IONY FREE. 1 t•ts lt,e rt. por.t. 'tz . nenTM MANI' AWARD at vAILIS. Theo.? WINN hlt I a the WORLD of 7 GOLD 31EDAL3 sad 19 other Honours. RAH:IMO:I KNITTING MA CHINE Co. Ltd, Works: 49. Upper Brook St, Maaehotter.

FO WEAK MEN sufforing from the effects of Youthful Errors, Early Decay, Wasting Weakness, Lost anhood, Gravel Pains in th, Back, a stases, &c. We will ,end a vain .ble Treatiie (sealed), containing full particulars for home cure. Free ti cyarge. A Eplendtd Medical Wori should be read by every man Is ho is nervous and deb Rated. —Address Messrs. WILKINSON and CO., Medical Hall, l.heffield. Ettablished Its3o. Advice Free. WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR Is 46. 6d. the cass,. Can be obtained direct.

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAV i MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases el a certain class, (internal aid external). Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2s 9d. Only of, Ron, Operative Chemist, (late Methuen) 32, Deanovate, •NI nneheat r. e fie

WELLS'S GRAVEL Pl"iept A sore eurefor Gra7el, Lumbago, PaWines. GRAVEL Dropsy, aWind and Water Complaints GReiVeL Dees of the Kidneys, Bladder, 5.40 GRAVEL Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet. Strieture 540 GRAVL:L .:,eiatie,t, Rheumatism, &e. The Effect, qtylli GRAVEL o• One Baa is Marvellous. Price 1/1i GRAVEL and 2/9 p r Boa. Agents :—Hill & Co. ..„0,0 GRAVEL But, ermarke-st ,Fairhurst &Co Horse- Li/0 GRAVEL I mar ket-st.. J. R. Young. Sat:key-et, Boots, Bridge-et., Warringtott; or free by post from Puoeuorroits, 41, Scotland-road, Liverpool

I 13 0 $ " BA • d is best ullifF,S). At, zr, field oh ad if and gm o ,nd by Sheffield workmen. It Is warranted a- not appr .ved when tried will he exchanged. To be had of any respect tble Ironmonger or Cutler la' Black 11 A NDLII in Case 3/6. Ivory lIANDLR In Case 5/6. Pair of Black handm in a flat Case 9/, Pair of Ivor 3 handle in a flat Case 13/6. or post free from the Manufacturers. , 40 A good Beehive Razor is sot p led at 1/2. 1/6, 21, -11 Q. and elle loos, Sr, iren Moe 11.41 • ocl.

FRANCIS moRTO AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. u invite Inquiries and Reference to OOP NEW CATALOGUE.

A? al al

.

ESTABLISHED 1.5 b EIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, ChuncQry Lane, Loncitu. TIM-AND-A-HALF per CENT. IN ThitEsT ow el bi9POSII:b, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on 4.ll:dutura monthly balances, when not drawn below EICZ. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANN I.llTlhe purellased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT I For the encouragement of Thritt the Bans receives small sun, tbdeposi t, and allows I t ,terest monthly on each completed BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The aIIiRBECE: ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT. Manager

i'issv .0 p -..., 4- - .4., Nt..- • ~- . ..,.-ve-%.,4.4.4-..-„ -.' -. , ,-.... ~,,,, ....,,,,,,,, ~• 4.4.,,,-,,, '`. "k '', A 4 It is a THIN 1, OP ••• 'i•4 5 • •I '''''' Ft. k: ,''rf•., PLASTER, and 4 ~% ' ' '1 .r.l. 1! ``,"0;14::),0.; TRAOKOEMS INUPTHNEO ,a, fil .1,,,,., ',..,47,- 4'o4".tt .W ' 41,` '''''''' .•,' • , a '',4 ^ 1 -"r- ;' -, BOOT. It is espe, 114 useiul ter hi.i1k..,..1r0... i....LAM...e,1) i vi. j 01N 1. J, which so spoil the symmetry of otherwise beautiful feet. THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED, some of whom have suffered for FIFTY YEARS. without being able to get relief from any other remedy. ~ ..i,4.4 lattr ~,,, g '' - '4"l6Wil. 'ls" vt, 'O-'' ' , ^ te ~..0,.. AV illyt, . , ',..+5.. -I : „if n oral ~,,„.eft,ii, ..,A , ~, , ~.. 10,..9, —c,',94,P -.01/ 'i-.•- -,;,% :-,,,- , , .......,,,,,,,,,„ ~,,,••,,ki ~,,e7.,;,. • , A trial of a box is earnestly solicited It acts like magic in relieving all Pain and Throbbing, and soon ..., *. L - ~,,, : •c4' r .I.f. .."--, 1. cures the most obsti- nate Corns & Bunions i Is the JSMS'IC FEIEIVIMIDY ea-srez, cliscmcrwem?ecl: Free for 14 stamps from 11 BvETPIAI & SOPI chemists CHELTEIIIIIOI. of all ' • the Solo Proprietors, . .. I tii ' t m . ts. i

II

\

WHEN you SEE in a sh p-window, a Packet of Tea deftly done up in a lemon-tinted wrapper, bearing our Signa- ture along its side, and the celetrated Trade- mark ot the double triangle' on the price-label at the ench—ge in and buy that packet, for the ea it contains will pros', to you that it is the best possible Vane for the price you pay for it. And it will remind you too, that the other articles in ttat shop are also reliable, tor acting as Agent for bROOKE, bONDS Tit is a fair guarantee of the shopkeeper's trustworthy deal- ing, Yea, many a prosperous tradesman owes his Present prosperity to caving taken up Our Agency in his earlier up-hill days. He found that customers soon came to loin for BROOKE. BONDS' TEA, and they remained to buy other articles as well. Indeed, IDWOKE, BONDS' AGENCY has often paid the slip rent. We have still a few vacancies for Agents where we are no., already represented. if you are an enterprising tradesman, don't be to.) late in aPnlying. Our Prices suit all People and all Purses. 1/-, 1/2, 1/4 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 AND 2/8 A LB. °OKEI & Co.. Ld. Tlin LANCASHIRE TBA WARRII OT.ISES- -17, PICCADILLY s TB' zur. }MANCHESTHR

TO LADIES l 11It b°VerGEEed —AT INDIAN FEMALE mEnrciNFF, was die- Wh'3' a married Lady during her travels in the Far tale, has never known it to fail in removing the worst all 0t,7!., Irregularity or Obstruction in twobore,ls, even after of thir remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action irctraordinary preparation, which Ia almost instantane- ^otro elect. Ladies will avoid much expense. illness, 04.44.. d cruel hitter disappointment by having this remedy 341,0 N: „Sent secure from observation for 4s. 6d.—Mrs. BAlt PedtherStolle-blliidingP, London. W.C.

mv LADIES ! -ktried I--,-,GTON's NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for siteeese°r single WOOlen is positively the safest and most tio Method known for removing all Irregularities and 41,4,e0uc. 11„ 00 matter how caused or long standing, no Itoina:t;s Pule. powders, mixtures or any other useless trelltrae. Jliediclue to take. Failure impossible under this bltsen,„nt• Sufferers may obtain particutsrs free o charge souVIR stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINCITON, 'anitAo7l Buildings, Holborn, London.

PURE IRIS;-1 IRISH LINEN IRISII CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET IRISH LINEN Guaranteed Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, qd. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, FOR SIT EVENINGMM ANDAR IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED, all dr su, tryelNeVoopl .1 e aUsnessuarr fssfeodr ,irdSi et rse,n or tuh ,enDtus ra.wbielai try; IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, IRELAND*

, These tiny CAPSULES , - . are superior to Balsam S. MI T/44 of Copaiba, Cubebs or /. Injections and cure in 48 hours the same diseases without 47 incon- i D , ii venience. 4/6 of all Che- mists. Or post free. WILCOX A Co, , P .zlit, 239, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W IMMO

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for 1 cTO Rim., R 51_ HET, 250 PAGES ii_ Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all / I A NpFoRTE uniTark -2- The re- ( ull 11ius:c Size . obstructi.ms, and relieve the oistressing symptoms so preys', lent with the sta. Boxes is lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists The Pictorial Tutor " Descriptive Prospectus POST Contain ,o Illustrations ,entanywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps I,ty the maker, R being published at Net ten Post Free on application heapest and over 250 Songs. T. TOWLE. Chemist,Nottinghau . Price, it cannot be obtained of to" Ha :a zine of Muse." Office, book ever publhhed. The . I any .ciok or musicseller underss 20. lud.ote Hill, London, li C. ------- Pianoforte simplified. FREE Dances, Carols, Anthems and Hymn Tunes. A GOOD FitimiLy mEDiciNE wiEsT 5 W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life.; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take Wale good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, PILLS AND OINTMENT and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS) as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best—Observer. COCKLE'S • FREE FROM MERCURY. , OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. EDI L IS , , For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGT:7zTI-)',T. er.c.

The • Lilo hx). Noble ,_. , ~alfraGuin-va COSTUMES II NEW REGISTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers in the World, at less than Half Ordinary Prices. -k."1..4 •• . These Costumes are made in The John Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, ~;!‘" -1,17.757.• '4%.*:w Brown, Myrtle, Ruby, Reseda, Tan, Grey, or Drab ; they are supplied complete for the ridiculous price of j.copiu each, packed in leather board box, and sent carriage paid for 9d. extra. and in the making of them there are a Over SOO Workers Employed. world as the most remarble ever produced, and have created a ,(.• . , . The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. --,, Each garment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly i shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into a pointed saddle that .., terminates In two points at the front ; full fashionable sleeves, bound -, • !II 1 /,' I , seams, end belt, and the bodice can be worn inside or outside the skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of the skirt, ..e 1 41k and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row ' ' of fine silk cord, the whole thus forming ...*-N A 441 LADY'S.COMPLETEIO/6 . 4,, ,/ 4 COSTUME FOR, -I , f;i..,:, . • ,v 4,4 ' The Present Design excels all previous ones in - ~ry 'ji / , N. . i respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the ma. and finish beyond all criticism, thus adding iu a triple degree to the already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An enormous success, and are known in every part of the civilised ' world. Each Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d. /1 . . . extra. The sizes kept in stock will fit any figure up to Winches round *,:,• the bust under arms, but larger or special sizes can be made to order I i . `',-s'• at a cost of I/6 extra. 1 ~•;• , , . LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable Wide Shape, are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, as follows, Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 5/0 ; Costume' L'e Sk•rts, trimmed broad crossband of black velvet, price only 7/6; "I // Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, price only 8/6. .. Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra. 1 ~ • Colours as above. - KNOCKABOUT FROCKS for Girls Prom Are al's supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Lengths 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 ins. 1 st,rpte, with saddle top, long full sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices:— Price 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 5/- 5/6 each.) Each. Postage 41d. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE (Rm.) ifsamaef.abhicisofdrienacthedsurawl?,i3leity and world-wide does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown, Myrtle, 774E1 Reseda. Ruby, Grey. Drab, Tan, or Black Every reader can secure a Full Dress Length of SIX YARDS for 7/6. Sent carriage paid for 9d. extra. ire' PATTERNS, also IFustrated 'Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies erd Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. JOHN NOBLE, LTD., Ttg, Kacraemys,e, MANCHESTER. . .....

Ir - I )'4 1) il ,-, • 'JO r 4 1 1 , ...0. -------- 2.1.11. Lb....—. _ PATTERSON—SUWON .—February 4th, at the Parish Churcl; Warrington, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, Harry Janie Naylor Patterson to Edith Simcox. h War- BLAKE—CTAux —February 4th. at the Parish Chure--.. to rington, by the Rey. G. B. Thurston, Thmnas Me.° Ellen Clark. RoBLNSON—JOHNSON.—February 4th, at the Parish Warrington, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston. Thamas Robin to Sarah Jane Johnson. rah MILLINGToN-110oLEY.—Pebruary 7th, at the Parish Chu , Warrington, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, John Tholna Millington to Ada Dooley. rh re' Pwitanrrr—BßA.u.s.—February Bth, ot the Parish 11,,,,0tt Warrington. by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, James rb". to Agnes Brade. DEATHS. PICICAVANCE.-011 Wednesday, February 6il Bt.. Warrington. after a brief illness, Jane,t at 6 wife 33°frldlre: Edward Pickayalsce, aged 53 years. arrino- mon. 7011Nsog.—February let, at Mersey-street, W Margaret Johnson, aged 63 years. olu SRELLAND.—Froary Ist, at Garabaldi-street, Warringt Frederick Skelluid, aged 32 years. gtsl , i LANCASTER. February 2nd, at Dallam-lane. Warrir Robert Henry Lancaster, aged 4 months. author GLYNN.—February 3rd, at Berry's-yard, Warrington, -- Glynn, aged 72 years. _.4ton, HARDALAN.—Fehruary 3rd. at Alkin-street, '" Stanley and Arthur Hardman, 5 months. W gto3' atTin PICICAVANCE.—February 6th, at Midge-street. Jane Pick-mance, aged 53 years. ....... r , t -1 1. .01-..• • -

--- MEMORIAL CARDS ! Just received a large Stock of LATEST PATTE MEMORIAL C4RDS. Gall and inspect samples; .., oills printed at shortest notice. Also Poiters, 'Win"- Ist° and Handbills, Bill Heads, &o. Newest type - Machinery. GREEN. THE S. ky-REEN. THE BOROUGH PRESS. 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. gitos
