===== 0002601_18951221_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
RMITSTERED FOR TRANS3eLISS.ON ABILOAD.

TREAT TO POOR CHILDREN AP RUNCORN.

THE RV. DR. GASTALDI Has arranged to give a HOT-POT DINNER on CHRISTMAS Air at 2 p.m. to 300 or 401 poor children. irre3pe live (4 creed, In St. kOWAtiD'i sCHOOL Tickets to he had from the School Attendance Officers, cr from Mr. Thomas Co ke. and Mr James Per mat.

UNCORN TONIC S PRIZE CHOIR.

Grand Performance of Handel's " M ESS I A fi IN TIE PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN, on

MONDAY NEXT, 23Rn DWFMBER, 1E95. Full Orchestra an i Chorus of 140 Per ,r-iners. Doors open at 7.0 ; t commence at 7.30. Admission : 31., 25., is. Plan of Hall now on view at Bellamy's, High-street.

CAIRO-STREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON.

SUNDAY EVENING. DECEMBER 22n4.

The Subject of Rev. W.jf..ERUMNIOND S Sermon will be

" What I believe about ell." On the morning of Christmas Day there will be a short service with special music at 10.45.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. WARRRINGTON

SELECTIONS FROM THE 9 " MESSIAH" Will be rendered on SUNDAY. DECEMBER 22RD, 1895, at 6.30 p.m. SOLOISTS SOPRAYO, Miss ANNIE NELSON, of Liverpool. ALTO, Mr. F. SCATTERGOOD. Isfeoft, Mr. GEORGE GRhEN, of the Liverpool Cathedral Choir. e BASS, Mr. D. FANSHAW and Mr. J. H. SHERLOCK. OaciarrtsT, Mr. MARTIN SCHNEIDER. CorawarorL Mr. J. J. LYTHGOE, L.L.C.M. Silver Collection in aid of the Organ Fund.

musEum. PALACE, LIRE-ST., LIV ERPOOL

"A Marvel Without a Parallel." Nature's Crowning Caprice, COUNt IVAN D'OItLOPP. The Livmg Transparent and Ossin, el Man, Prof. CADY, the "Man of Mystery." Marionettes, Illu- sions, and Variety Company. Grand Christmas Programme In preparation.

efariat

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To. be had in CASK or BOTTLES from

B. CUNNINGHAM near WATKIN-ETRERT, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS ONCE AGAIN. TOYS! TOYS ! ! TOYS !!! DOLLS! DOLLS!! DOLLS !! !

WT. P. & W. SKELTON, LTD.,

lIORSELIARRET-STRRET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
- - -

HAVE DECIDRD TO

OPEN TEMPORARILY

SATURDAY, MONDAY & TUESDAY NEXT,

===== 0002601_18951221_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
WITH A FINE SELECTION OF

CHRISTMAS GOODS.

gPbipping Rotirts.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: . JOHN WALKER AND Co., "EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. • AGENTS FOR

CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1895

===== 0002601_18951221_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS COMES BUT ONCE A YEAR, CIIRISTMAS AND N W YEARS' CARDS. A Great Vadety and a beautiful eelection, Christmas decorations and a large quantity of Goods Suitable for Christ- mas presents to be had at T. CLARKEs "Examiner" Office 33 Market-street, Earlestown, A Cordial reception will be given to old and New Customers.

H. EZARD, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, FEARNREAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given for Alterations and Repairs of every description (Town and Country). Houses built to tenants' own plans. Jobbing pu ctuslly attended to. Rent and. Fire and Life Assurance Agent.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Ifiatrununp. ..

- - - - - MATRIMONY.— A correct Photo of .srour future Husband or Wife, with future prospects, 13 stamps and stamp directed envelooe.—Send age, sex, and. If possible, time o birth, to FRED BERBERT, High-street, Whitstable, rent.

By p0g2,1 is. 7id per Quarter, 6s. 6d. per Anumr. Is. 9d. per Quarter credit

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND SUP.ROUNDING DISTRICTS. JoriN M. PORTER, FISH, GAME AND POULTRY SALESMAN. 22, HORSEMARKET-ST. AND CORPORATION-ST.. BEGS to inf the PUBLIC that owing to the extreme mildness of the weather, and the perish- able nature of his GOODS he will not this year make the USUAL OUT DOOR SHOW, but he has arranged for a CONSIGNMENT OF GEESE, TURKEYS. PHEASANTS, VENISON, &c.

DAILY DURING THE XMAS SEASON, THUS GUARANTEEING TO HIS NUMEROUS CUSTOM), RS A FRESH SUPPLY OF THE CHOICEST STOCK IN SEASON.

A LARGE SUPPLY OF GEESE AND TURKEYS WILL ALSO ARRIVE DAILY.

A SPLENDID STOCK or HARES AND PHEASANTS

WILL BE SPECIALLY SHOT ON THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, THE 19211, 20Th AND • 21sT INST. DUCKS, FOWL,

GAME &c.,

THE FINEST STOCK IN TOWN. JON M. PORTER, FISH AND GAME SALESMAN. 22, HORSEMARKET-ST. AND COEPOIZATION-ST.,

WARRINGTON.

WILLIAM GILL,

===== 0002601_18951221_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMILY BUTCDER AND CONTRACTOR.

9, BRIDGE-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

ORDERS BY POST OR CARRIER RECEIVE

PROMPT ATTENTION.

Deliveries in Town and Suburbs every Morning ; LYMM, every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday;

WINWICK, PE NKETIL SANKEY and BOLD,

Tuesdays and Fridays ;

MO ORB, DARESBURY, NORTON, Le., Wednesdays

and Fridays.

I

".

• • **4:.

~.,,„,.. , : 4 ~,,.., - ~..

J

===== 0002601_18951221_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE ONB PENNY

TELEPHONIC 118.

DO NOT

FAIL TO VISIT T"

1 NEW AND BEAUTIFUL

STATIONERY

AND FANCY GOODS REPOSITORY

AND BRANCH CIGAR STORES',

OPENED TO-DAY, (SATURDAY),

21bt DECEMBER, BY p EMUS,

137, SANKEY-STREET

(Opposite the Recreation Oround),

WARRINGTON. TH E HANDSOMEST SHOP IN TOWN.

(Fitted pp by Messrs. J. 11. Qreenhalgh and Company.) uaNIE AND INSPECT the

SUPERB COLLECTION of

GIIRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS.

All of the newt and most artistic designs from up to 3s 6d each.

LOOK IN AND EXAMINE the

Choice Assortment of Fine Art Gift BoDke, Child- ren's Art Colour Books, Childrsn's Toy Books, Fancy calemiers from 30. up to Ss. CALL AND VIEW the BEAUTIFUL SELECTION of

• Photographis &bums, Photogra• hic Scrap Albnms, Photographic screen Albums, wallets an I Note Books, Letter Cases, Purses (for Ladies' ant Gentlemen), Tourist Cases, Photo Frames, Carte de isite and Cabmet (in Leather. etal, Glass, Oak, and Plush), Midget rames„ Card Cases, Children's Writing Desks, School Satchels, Music Carriers, Ornaments ,of every des- cription, elegant and inexpensive, “rackets, Pipe Racks, Ac., elle,. etc. SEND Ott COME FOR School Stationery of every description, Cornmere:al Stationery in all b.ancliss. Faosily Stationery for Cottage or Hall. APPLY FOR ESMEATES for

PRINTING,

LITHOGRAPHING. BOOKLANDING.

Stamping in relia. ace., &c. GIVE IN YOUR. ORDLiRS for _ .

Newspapers, 'Daily; Pen i ,dioals, WePkly ; Maga& Ines, Monthly and quarterly. Delivered at Sub. scribers' residences at discount rices. OPEN TO-DAY,

SATURDAY, 21st DECEMBER.

137, SANKEY-STREET, WARIVNGTON. P ERR IS'S.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORE, BO& 1 TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA. CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND. el ,uld take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at "E THE XA MINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other linen. lOHN WALEHR AND CO. AGENT AD ELAID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEr STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

THE RAPID NVASHER

SAVES' TXMV.

S 0 A P SAVES LABOUR

jOisEPH M ATTHEWS, FAIRFIELD so:V.P WORKS, WARRINGTON.

• : s';

.

DIM

4 . enn ' 4

. „

e - a .

I

===== 0002601_18951221_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iiimiwa

===== 0002601_18951221_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
mai

I j I I

•-• *- ,

MADE-UP DISHES

hich are a most important tem in the week's menu of ..very household, are made lost piquant and tasty the addition of

OVRIL,

'hich is the guaranteed product of

BEEF and which

imparts the full flavour of Fresh Meat to even the

most tasteles dish,

....;,..:.!:$ i. ~r.- . ....-4 ,-; .-.,•; -'.,,,''. eN .... 0 Sc by 11 Wl ' „r" _,„_ , _••,,,‘,....%. , •tet , .., • - - 'wt ‘ PR • . I ti,,,' , , • -: ~..7 , 'lf . i,:''''s:-.Z• 4/ ' -4 •,. • - 1, I „,1., hi 1„. , - —• . •, ,i il,' , ;,, 11/ ~, ,i , I', '•,, 'l:(...;;;''' ; ''• '' ' , ..,,, . • 4, ii pi'llifor 6 ‘„,- ~__, I I' li , 1 11''I'ii I•41,111ijili

===== 0002601_18951221_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
uAt'iTAL " UHAL

Mr. ,1%-ln Burns recently said in a happy mixture of metaphors that the Imperial Institute was a white elephant, which the London Connty Council ought to take under its wing. The -remarlf has ap- parently stung t.-.e authorities at the Institute to a sense oi repartee, for on Monday afternoon (the Prince of Wales in the chair) Lord Herschel! ela- borately lectured to a small audience on the work of the Ins. itute. The Prince of Wales has held loyally by the Institute, which he practically creared,snd it is not his fault that it has not been a success. The truth is that from the first the social reputation of the place has been that it is the most snobbish haunt in London, given over to a class whose chief affection of it has been due to the Prince's fondness of his project. The general public take the faintest possible interest in it, and even the provincial sightseer prefers the collec- tions in the South Kensington Museum close by the Imperial Institute. It is a great pity to see so noble a building so constantly empty. Complaint has b en made by some ill-informed pers ,n that the Council have attempted to make the proceed- ings within its walls popular, hut that is exactly what they have not done. They have rather tried to make the proceedings as unattractive as pos- sible, with huge deserted rooms and sounding cor- dors as a result. Even as a club for the inhabi- tants of Kensington—and that is all it is at present —it leaves mach to be desired.

It, hatt for some days been tjuite evident that the attitude of suspicious incredulity assumed by the Colonial iiff3ce to the Ashantee envoys was well f, under!. There has been ample time for King Prempeh's reply to the telegram of these worthies to '.)e received at Cape Coast Castle, but up to now his Sable majesty has made no sign, confirming the idea some rime ago ~xpressed in this column that be would use the telegram of his amhat.sadors as a pipplight. All the news at present to hand from the Gold Coast points to a defiant and fighting atti- tude on the [tart of the CoomasSie barbarian.

ft 's said that Prince Francis of Peck, whose Indian exile was to have extended over two or three yeqrs. will now only remain in India until the sl,ring., According to some, the Prinee owes this mi'tgsion of his punishment to the intercession of bis sister, the finches's of York. But, says the Figaro. b. that as it may, the fact that he will only be sysv for a few months fully exposes the inspired statement whieh was circulated to the effect that his trip to India was a result of his anxiety to secure a wider acquaintance with military affairs.

Mr Gray. the schanlmaster, who defeatsd Mr. Atchibald Grove at West Ham, has hitherto be.m a member of the Executive of the Nathmal Union of Teaohors. He lhas, howk.yer, now been mnde a °aid (rfficial of the Union. Ac" secretary of the Education Committee "he will have a salary

of .£ 50 ayea,. Jr Wll4 felt that it would be im- • po.sible for him to perform Ms dutie..l as '-choolr m4ster whil-t holdinq a seat in the House of Corn- mons,and thia new arraneornont will allow him ample titre in which to fulfil his legislative duties

The occouchment of the Duchess of York was so unexpectedly early ti at it took by surprise even the Royal P.smilv. The Home Secretary's recent letter ex, using himself from attending a meeting at New- catche because of " unfortunate" necessity of hold- ing himself in readiness for R summons to Sandring- ham did something to awaken suspicion that the event Was not expected to be remote; but the general idea was that he was only showing the extreme caution of a man new to the office. But that the Princess's own family were caught napping is evident from the fact that not even the Duchess of leek could reach her. The expeditious character of the event contrasts pleasantly, both to the young mother herself and to the outer world, with the cirenmstances attending the birth of Prince Edward of York, ftt it will be remembered for how long a time tte nation waited for news from White Lodge, and how that residence was practically invested for days by a cordort of newspaper correspondents. Sorne of these had bicycles on which to race off to the nearest telegraph office, while one of surpassing enterprise had erecteA a tent in which, booted and spurred, he kept n horse ready saddled and bridled for a straight dash across country. There was none of this on Saturday morning, to the great relief, no doubt, of the inmates of York Cottage. Q iietness is indeed at all times characteristic of the York house- hold, and Court newsmen are sometimes inclined to throat up the task ef attempting to penetrate the Juv-tera of the un)stentatious movements of the Duke and Duchess Moreover, the dislike of their ftoyal 14 ighnessps to Society functions helps to keep riem a good deal out of sight. In this they reemhte tt e Duke' and Duchess of Fife, who are only too pleased to be let alone.

This sixteenth annual exhibition of " Truth's " home-made and other toys is an enormous affair. There are over 26 000 children in the London hospitals. workhouses, and infirmaries, and it is intended to give each of them a separate toy. Larder and more expensive toys—and of these there are abundance—are to he presented to the hospitals and workhouses for the general use of the inmates. A special feature of the show are the 3.500 dolls which have been dressed by the lady readers of "Truth " in connection with the competition for prizes for the best dressed dolls. Fifty are dre-sed by Mrs. Truefitt, who has now for many years gained the hidhest prize. Nothing can exceed the dainty and artistic manner in which she clothes and poses thit dolls. The home-made dolls show a dis- tinct advance this year both in quality and quan- tity, and most noteworthy amongst these being a gipsy caravan well laden with the usual dipsy waxes of Mass, twoomu. Szc. ; a fairy's bower; Ilansel and Oretel at the witch's cottage ; a show-room at a costumier's ; a scene in the studio from the "Artist's Model " a fancy dress ball, &c. Mrs. Cleveland, wife of President Cleveland, has kindly sent some dolls, and " Troth " has pent her some of the Bgltimnre Toy Show. The 11,000 sixpences have also again been presented by the anonymous donor.

So strong is the feeling in Liberal "circles at the continued inactivity of the Government on the Armenian clues ion that a movement is on foot amongst the unnfficia: members of the party to' hold a meeting of protest in the National Liberal Club, at which the Liberal leaders should be asked to attend. The Committee of the Club are to be appr,ach-tl, to allow a petition to be placed in the hali nit' e Club for signature. It is felt by many Liberals that this movement is all the more desir- able and necessary seeing that the projelted twitioral nna representative gathering in St.James'a flyer which ete Duke of Westminster was to liave p ea 'led, has been indefinitely postponed. The 1 lye of the Duke to abandon the meeting is bell., ve. to be tine to pressure brought to bear on him by Lord Salisbury, with whom he has been in communication for ten days. It has, I am told, been represented to him that a " pilgrimage of passion w,•tild he unwise at the present moment, and would hampar and impede the negotiations of the Foreign Om*. I understand that Mr. Kdward Atkin has tendered his resignation as secretary of the Anglo- Armenian Association to the Executive Committee, but this step has been taken on account of indiffer- ent health, and not, it is said,through disagreement with his colleagues.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
9876789

But the jeweller cleverly abstracted two of the pearls and rearranged the remainder so that they- still retained the original form and counted nine as before. How did he do it?

The jeweller arranged the pearls thu3:—

98789

A DROP LETTER SAYING.—rn•t- v-s-e-e -a-e -h- g- e-t-s- s-u-d.—Ecupty vessels make the greatest sound.

THE CENTRE OF GRAVITY. - The following balancing trick will explain itself without any written description.

All that is necessary Is a stout visiting card, a small piece of wood, and a pocket-knife.

BrrE an inch off the poker. Remember it is "off" or away from the poker.

PLACE three chairs in a row, take off your boots, and jump over them. The boots, of course, being meant.

PLACE a piece cork in the mouth of a bottle and attempt to blow it into the bottle. The harder you blow the harder will the cork fly cn4

WHAT HAS NEVER BEEN SEEN BEFORE. —Pro- fess yourself able to show anyone what he never saw, what you never saw, what nobody else ever saw, and what, after you two have seen, nobody else ever shall see again. When the company have given up guessing what this wonderful thing can be, produce a nut, crack it, take out the kernel, and ask if they have ever seen that before. Of course they will answer "No." "Well," you say, "neither have I, and, I think, you will admit nobody else has ever seen it, and now no one shall ever see it again." Here you put the kernal in your mouth and eat it.

To REMOVE A BISCUIT FROM UNDER A PLATE. WITHOUT TOUCHING THE PLATE.—After some pre. liminary hankey-pankey, with which even Amateur conjurors are familiar, produce another biscuit (of the same kind as the one under the plate), and ask one of the company (a confederate by preference), to lift the plate and see if the biscuit is gone. When he lifts the plate, you remove the- biscuit, and, if the confederate knows his, business, he will replace the plate. You then make a flourish with the biscuit which was under the plate (haviiig meanwhile pocketed the other biscuit), and say, " You observe I have removed the biscuit from under the plate, without touching the plate."

To REMOVE THE MIDDLE PLATE FROM BETWEEN TWO O'FIIERS, WITHOUT TOUCHING IT.—Make a pile of three plates, and, after the usual patter, take off the top plate (being careful oot to touch the middle one), and place the other two on top of it.

To COVER A GLASS OF WINE WITH A TABLE- NAPKIN, AND TO CAUSE THE WINE TO DISAPPEAR, AS WILL BE SEEN WHEN THE TABLE-NAPKIN IS REMOVED.—Take the glass of wine in one hand, and with the other put the table-napkin over yom head, and let it also cover your hand and the glass, which are to be held up to your mouth. Drink the wine and then remove the table-napkin from off your head.

'' - = ,'- -t"- , , 0 -4 : . `.e?.&... _. _,.. _

1,4 . • of

===== 0002601_18951221_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CONUNDRUMS.

CHRISTMAS NUMB-ERS—Snowballs.

THE very "flower" of Christmas wines —The holly-hock. WHEN is a bone not a bone 7—When it's a trom- bone.

WHEN is a boy not a boy !—When he's a haut- boy. WHEN is a door not a door ?—When it's a j No ! a corri-dor.

WHEN is a pain not a pain ?—When it's a cam- pai'n. WIEFs is a hood not a hood ?—When it's a false- hood. WHEN is a dish not a dish ?—When it's a ra-dish. WREN is an ox not an cut ?—When he's a paradox. WHEN is a corn not a corn ?—When it's a uni- corn.

WHEN is a muffin not a muffin ?—When it's a raga-mu Ifin. WHEN is the soup likely to run out of the sauce- pan ?—When there is a leek in it. . . .

How does the Russian nation resemble the sea? —Because her nobles are tremendous swells and her people serfs. WHAT is the difference between a person late for the train and a school mistress ?—One misses the train and the other trains the misses.

Woutu you rather an elephant killed you, or a gorilla ?—Would rather the elephant killed the gorilla. WnAr writer would have been the best angler? —The judicious Hooker.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
HUMOUR.

ONE Of the fruits of civilisation is noticed in the fact that there are but a few varieties of cabbage, while the various kinds of cigars are innumerable.

TLIE TRIALS OF FRIENDSH—W.—Wife to husband in difficulties) : " Why don't you ask help from Griggs? He once said you could rely on him as long as he had a crust in the house." Husband (who knows Griggs) : "Yes, he meant my house."

GUEST : "What beautiful china ! I never saw anything like it before." Flower of Family: "Good l Ma wasn't sure whether yo t ever called on the Joneses or not."

A SLIGHT DELAY.—Mrs. Pinkerly : "The boy has just come with that lovely Christmas present I got for you to-day, dear. lie is waiting in the hall, now." Pinkerly : "How kind (kiss) and thoughtful of you, dear. (Kiss, kiss). lam just dying to see what it is. (impatiently). Why don't you have the boy bring it up !" Mrs. Pin- kerly (embarrassed) : "The fact is—er—darling, it has come cash on delivery.

A BIT OF EVIDENCE. Miss Antique: "Do you know that absurd, ridiculous Mr. Stuithkin thinks lam superstitious. I wonder why?" Miss Flip: "Perhaps he saw you standing under the mistletoe."

DON'T BR DRCRIVED.—Don't think the hair can bepre \ served withont proper nourishment; all hair specialists positively assert that pure crease is absolutely necessary for the preservation of the hair and ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL I 8 without doubt th- best. It nourishes the hair, pre. v,nts it fal ing off or turning grey eradiates scurf. and arrests baldness. Also in a golden colour for. tar hair. Bottles 3s: 6d,., 75., Ins

ROWLAND'S MA. CiiSAR OM—Preserves the hair.

R,.wLA ND'S M ACASS AR OlL.—Prevents bnldness. ROWLAND'S M•CASSAR OlL.—Prevents scurf. IiA;WLAND'S MACASsAR OlL.—Beautifies the hair. . . _

Ask anywhere for ROWLAND'S MI C ASSAD OIL, Of 20,111atton Garden and avoid cheap, worthless imitations,

===== 0002601_18951221_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
.4 - - - - - ~. .-. ..... - _t -,-', - - - -1

CHRISTMAS CRACKERS.

CHARADES. My First is the opposite of night. My second is a weight. My whole is a city in Ohio. Dayton.

My first's a precious stone, My next a well-known tree; Or call my first a fruit, The next a thong will be. Whichever way you choose This puzzle to divide, You still will find my whole A powder will abide.

Pearl-ash.

My second sweepeth clean, 'tis said, When new; but housewives say That 'tis no good when constant use Hath worn its strefigth away. Ab, lazy son, your algebra You've very badly reckoned; My first shall point my whole for you In likeness of my second.

Birch Broom.

My whole's a word of letters five, I'm found both far and near; Behead me, and I am a sound That strikes upon the ear. My tail cut off, a weight now comes, Most useful to mankind; Belead again, my tail replace, A unit you will find. Curtail once more, and I am left A very little word; A preposition sometimes found, An adverb often heard. - Behead me now, my tail clap on, And then I think you'll find That I abound in man and beast, And also In mankind.

Stone. •

When o'er the western hills at close of day The sun is shedding a departing ray, He paints my first in glory on the skies In all the splendour of celestial dyes. My second, fitting emblem of the tomb, Pursues his sinuous way through paths of gloom Clothed in sad colours, yet at man's behest He causes man to be more richly drest. My whole, soft beacon of the summer night, Through darkness sends a beam of purest light; He who would find it need not gaze on high, Or search with curious eyes the starlit sky. Glow-warm.

Silence is golden, yet lam not gold, But rather a silvery hue have, I'm told;

I live but a month, yet I rapidly grow, And reflect in a manner thgt often I .throw

Upon subjects beneath me a beautiful light, And am steady, although often out late at night. As of all the things said of me, that is the wol•At, You surely can guess what I mean by my first.

Myssecond.is used in all buildings, I ween,

And likewise on steamboats,

in -aCtion,

rni seen.

The yachtsmen discourse of my breadth in a way. That is apt to lead dwellers on land quite astray. I'm found in the forest, I'm seen on the seas, And likewise am sought for inside of tall trees. My whole is a something transcendently light; Ijiide from the sun to appear in the night, . .

No chemist can weigh. ilia, I scoff at la scales. Now all try and guess me, and notice who fails. Moonbeam.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
GAMES.

CATCRING TIIE MOUSE.—Nine players lay their hands one on the top of the other, saying "Ohe." 'Die lowest draws out his, puts it at the top, and cries "Two," and so on till "Nine" is cried. This last player seizes one of the hands which lie beneath his own (or more if he can), crying "I have caught the mouse," and.then the hand caught pays the forfeit; but it is not easy to catch one. At the word "Nine," all snatch away their hands as quickly as possible. The game must be played very fast to be funny. GAMB OF RUTH AND JACOB--Let the company form a circle, joining hands. Two of the company are placed in the centre of the circle as Ruth and Jacob, Jacob being blindfolded. It is the business (A Jacob to catch Ruth. For this purpose he must constantly cry our, "Where art thou, Ruth?" to which Ruth must answer immediately, " Here am, Jacob." As soon as Jacob has succeeded in catching Ruth, she must be blindfolded, and must choose some one from the surrounding ring to take the place of Jacob, whom she must pursue blind- folded until she has caught him. GRAND MUFTI is an old favourite. One player must be chosen to be Grand Mufti. He must stand. upon a chair in the full view of all, and make some gesture or grimace, saying with each, "So says the Grand Mufti" or "Thus says the Grand Mufti." When he used the word "so" the company must remain still ; but if he uses " thus " they must imitate him. A forfeit is imposed for each mistake. The cleverness of the Grand Mufti consists in throwing the players off their guard and causing them to make mistakes.

FIVE DOT GAux.—Any number can play; each must have paper and pencil. Let each player then make five dots on the paper in any position he pleases, and pass it on to the next player, who must draw some animal or human figure in such a position that one dot comes in the middle of the forehead, one at each hand, and one at the point of each foot. If the figure is an animal, one dot at each of the four feet. Only five minutes must be taken to draw the figure.

THE PAULI:JUR TOURNAMENT. —This is another game in which blindfolding is used, and is thus played :—Take a sheet of paper on which is in- scribed a circle, and tack to the wall about 4ift. from the floor. Let each boy (or "knight," as he should be denominated), as his name is called, take his position at the side of the room opposite the paper. Aftengetting his hand in position, so that he may use his index finger as a spear, he is blind- folded', and advances slowly; making his best effort to take the ring. The usual tournament programme may be carried out, and the successful knights allowed to crown a quee and maids of honour, and make a coronation speech, &c.

GAME OF MIND-READING.—A very puzzling form of the game of " mind-reading " is the following. Ask each of those who are to engage in the game to v rite upon a slip of paper the name of something. Put all these names in a box, and let the mind- reader draw from it the slips, one by one, pressing each slip against his forehead and, after pretended rumination, namin-, what is written. The first time he names the object he himself wrote, opens the paper as if for confirmation, and reads, of course, what not he, but some one else wrote. With the second slip he names this object, pro- ceeding thus until the last. Of course all in the room will agree that he has named precisely what they wrote, and it will be long before they can guess how the feat was accomplished. The reader must take care to select last of all the slip he him- self wrote, and the slips must be nearly enough alii<e, and folded in so uniform a way, that no one will recognise his own slip.

AszornEn Mrrn EXPLODLD.—Maiden Lady: "I have always heard that any one who sat under the mistletoe would be kissed." Niece: "Don't you believe it, auntie?" Maiden Lady: "No; I have sat under it all the evening, and I ain't had a smack yet."

A PLACE FOR. TIMM. —Mi.. Lovell: "Did you mean the silver hair-brushes for me?" Mrs. Lovell; " Yes : they're your Christmas present, dear." Mr. Lovell: "Thank you, Puss. That's just what I wanted ; but they're so elaborate and beautiful that I shall hardly dare to use them." Mrs. Lovell: "Oh, never mind. I thought we could put them in the guest room."

AN ALTERED CASE.—Mr. Brown: "Johnnie has been asking for a tin whistle and a drum." Brown: "Well, he can't have them." Mrs. Brown: "I forgot to tell you he was going to spend Christmas with mother." Brown: " out and buy them."

===== 0002601_18951221_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
dHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN.

I will send a valuable, instructive, and highly interesting hook which every woman would be glad to have Contains important and confidential advice and tells both married and single how to keep healthy and avoid the anxieties so distressing to the sex. Sent free, securely sealed, for one stamp to cover postage. ADDRESS: Professor E. LASALLE, Carb rton House Carburton Street, Loudon, W,

TRICKS AND PUZZLES.

THE PUZZLING PrAur.s.—A lady sent a cross of pearls to, be repaired by a jeweller. To provide against any of the pearls being stolen, she observed that, counting from the bottom of the cross upward, in any direction, the number of pearls was nine, as follows, eaph figure representing a pearl :

===== 0002601_18951221_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HIDDEN HAND; OR, CAPITOLA THE MADCAP. BY .111:3. N. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH.

CHAPTER Xll7. THE WASTING HEART.

"Then she took -up the burden of life again, Saying only, 'lt might have been.' Alas for them both, and alas for us all, Who vainly the dreams of youth recall, For all sad words of lips, or pen, The saddest are these-1 It alight have been."'

-WHITTIER.

By the tacit consent of all parties, the meteor hope that had crossed and vanished from Marah Rocke's path of life was never mentioned again. Mother and son went about their separate tasks. Traverse worked at jobs all day, studied at night, and went twice a week to his patron, Doctor Day, at Willow Hill. Marah sewed as usual all day, and prepared her boy's meals at the proper times. But day by day her cheeks grew paler, her form thinner, her step fainter. Her son saw this decline with great alarm. Sometimes he found her in a deep, troubled reverie, from which she would awaken with heavy sighs. Sometimes he surprised her in tears. At such times he did not trouble her with questions that he instinctively felt she could not or would not answer; but he came gently to her aide, put his arms about her neck, stooped and laid her face against his breast, and whispered assurances of his "true love," and his boyish hopes of "getting on," of "making a fortune," and bringing "brighter days" for her ! And she would return his caresses, and with a faint smile reply that he "must not mind" her, that she was only "a little low-spirited," that she would "get over it soon." But as day followed day, she grew visibly thinner and weaker, dark shadows settled under her hollow eyes and in her sunken cheeks. One evening, while standing at the table washing up their little tea service, she +suddenly dropped into her chair and fainted. Nothing could exceed the alarm and dis- tress of poor Traverse. He hastened to fix her in an easy position, bathed her face and hands in vinegar and water—the only restoratives in their meagre stock—and called upon her by every loving epithet to live and speak to him. The fit yielded to his efforts, and presently, with a few fluttering inspirations, her breath returned and her eyes opened. Her very first words were attempts to re- assure her dismayed boy. But Traverse could no more be flattered. He entreated his mother to go at once to bed. And though the next morning, when she arose, she looked not worse than usual, Traverse left home with a heart full of trouble. But instead of turning down the street to go to his work in the town, he turned up the street towards the wooded hills beyond, now glowing in their gorgeous autumn foliage, and burning in the bril- liant morning sun. A half hour's walk brought him to a 'high and thickly wooded hill, up which a private road le4 through a thicket of trees to a handsome grey stone country seat, situated' in the midse of beautifully ornamented grounds, and known as Willow Heights, the residence of De. William Day, a retired physician of great repute, and a man of earnest piety. He was a widower with one fair daughter, Clara, a girl of fourteen, then absent at a boarding- school. Traverse had never seen this girl, but his one great admiration was the beautiful Willow Heights, and its worthy proprietor. He opened the highly ornate gate, and entered upon an avenue of willows that led up to the house, a two-storeyed edifice of grey stone, with full-length front piazzas above and below.

Arrived at the door, he rang the bell, which was answered promptly by a good-humoured looking boy, who at once showed Traverse to the library up stairs, where the good doctor sat at his books. Doctor Day was at this time about fifty years of age, tall and stoutly built, with a fine head and face, shaded by soft, bright flaxen hair and beard; thoughtful and kindly dark blue eyes, and an ear- nest, penetrating smile, that reached like sunshine the heart of any one upon whom it shone. He wore a cheerful looking flowered chintz dressing. gown corded around his waist; his feet were thrust into embroidered slippers; and he sat in his elbow- chair at his reading table, poring over a huge folio volume. The whole aspect of the man, and of his surroundings was kindly cheerfulness. The room opened upon the upper front piazza and the ,win- dows were all up to admit the bright morning sun and genial air, at the same time that there was a glowing fire in the grate to temper its chilliness. Traverse's soft step across the carpeted floor was not heard by the doctor, who was only made aware of his presence by his stepping between the sun- shine and his table. ' Then the doctor arose, and with his intense smile extended his hands, and greeted the boy with: • "Well, Traverse, lad, you are always welcome! I did not expect you until night, as usual, but as you are here, so much the better! Got your exercise all ready, eh ?—Heaven bless you, lad I what is the matter ?" inquired the good man suddenly, on first observing the boy's deeply troubled looks. "My mother, sir I my mother 1" was all that Traverse could at first utter.

"Your mother 1 My dear lad, what about her—is she ill ?" inquired the doctor, with interest. "Oh, sir, lam afraid she is going to die I" ex- claimed the boy in a choking voice, struggling hard to keep from betraying his manhood by bursting into tears.

"Going to die—oh pooh, pooh, pooh, she is not going to die, lad! tell me all about it," said the doctor, in an encouraging tone. "She has had so much grief, and care, and anxiety, sir—Doctor, is there any such malady as a broken heart ?" _ _ _

_ "Broken heart ?—pooh, pooh! no, my child, no never heard of such a thing in thirty years' medical experience ! Even that story of a porter who broke his heart trying to lift a ton of stone is all a fiction. No such disease as a broken heart. But tell me about your mother !" "It is of her that I am talking; she has had so much trouble in her life, and now I think she is sinkink under it; she has been failing for weeks, and last night, while washing the teacups, she fainted away from the table 1" "Heaven help us, that looks bad," said the doctor. "Oh, does it? does it, sir? She said it was no- thing much.' Oh, Doctor, don't say she will die 1 don't! if she were to die—if mother were to die, I'd give right up! I never should do a bit of good in the world, for she is all the motive I have in this life! To study hard—to work bard, and make her comfortable and happy, so as to make up to her for all she has suffered, is my greatest wish and en- deavour! Oh, don't say mother will die, it would ruin me 1" cried Traverse. "My dear boy, I don't say anything of the sort! I say, judging from your account, that her health must be attended to immediately. And—true I have retired from practice; but I will go and see your mother, Traverse !" "Oh, sir, if you only would! I came to ask you to do that very thing! I should not have presumed to ask such a favour for any cause but this of my dear mother's life and health, and you will go to see her?'

"Willingly and without delay, Traverse," said the good man, rising immediately and hurrying into an adjoining chamber. "Order the gig while I dress, Traverse, and I will take you back with me," he added, as he closed the chamber door behind him. _ .

By the time' Traverse had gone down, given the necessary orders and returned to the library, the doctor emerged from his chamber, buttoned up in his grey frock coat, and booted, gloved and capped for the ride. _ _

They went down together, entered the gig, and drove rapidly down the willow avenue, slow: y through the iron gate and through the dal thicket, and down the wooded hill to the high road, and then as fast as the sorrel mare could trot towards town. In fifteen minutes, the doctor pulled up his gig, at the right-hand side of the road before the cottage gate. They entered the cottage, Traverse going first in order to announce the doctor. They found Mrs. Rocke, as usual, seated in her low chair by the little fire, bending over her needle work. She looked up with surprise as they came in. "Mother, this is Doctor Day, come to see you," sald Traverse. She arose from her chair, and raised those soft and timid dark grey eyes to the stranger's face, where they met that sweet, intense smile that seemed to encourage while it shone upon her. " We have never met before, Mrs. Hooke, but we both feel too much interest in this good lad here to meet as strangers now," said the doctor, extending his hand. "Traverse gives me every day fresh cause to be grateful to you, sir, for kindness that we can never, never repay," said Marsh Rocke, pressing that bountiful hand, and then placing a chair, which the doctor took. Traverse seated himself at a little distance, and If thil cl9c_t_ oaversed vittakansl covertly examined

Ifia mother's fine, he watched the docto-r' countu- nance, as if life and death hung upon the character or its expression. But while they talked, not one word was said upon the subject of sickneqs or medicine. They talked of Traverse. The doctor assured his mother that her son was a boy of such fine talent, character and promise, that he had already made such rapid progress in his clmsical and mathematical studies, that he ought immedi- ately to enter upon a course of reading for one of the learned professions. The mother turned a smile full of love, pride and sorrow upon the fine, intellectual face of her boy, and said:

"You are like the angel in Cole's picture of life. You point the youth to the far-up temple of fame--"

"And leave him to get there as he can. Not at all madam I Let us see. Traverse, you are now going on eighteen years of age; if you had your choice, which of the learned professions would you prefer for yourself—law, physic, or divinity 2" The boy looked up and smiled, then dropped his head and seemed to reflect.

"Perhaps you have never thought upon the sub- ject. Well, you must take time—you must take time! so as to he firm in your decision when you have once decided," said the doctor. " Oh, sir, I ha ‘e thought of it long! and my choice has been long and firmly decided, were I only free to follow it 1" _ _

"Speak lad I What is your choice '1" ' "Why, don't you know, sir Can't you guess? Why, your own profession, of course, sir! Certainly, sir, I coutd not think of any other l" exclaimed the boy, with sparkling eyes and flushed cheeks. "That's my own lad I" exclaimed the doctor, enthusiastically seizing the boy's hand with one of his, and clapping the other down upon his palm; for if the doctor had an admiration in the world it was for his own profession. "That's my own, lad! My profession the healing art! why, it is the only profession worthy the study of an immortal being. Law sets people by the ears together I Divinity should never be considered as a profession—it is a divine mission! Physic! physic, my boy! The healing art I that's the pro- fession for you! And I am very glad to hear you declare for it, too; for now the way is perfectly clear 1"

Both mother and son looked up in surprise. "Yes, the way is perfectly clear. Nothing is easier! Traverse shall come and read medicine in my office. I shall be glad to have the lad there. It will amuse me to give him instruction occasion- ally! I have a positive mania for teaching." "And for doing good! Oh, sir, how have we deserved this kindness at your hands? and how shall we ever, ever repay it ? " cried Mrs. Rocke, In a broken voice, while the tears filled her gentle eyes. "Oh, pooh, pooh a mere nothing, ma'am! a mere nothing for me to do, whatever it may prove to him. It is very hard, indeed, if I am to be crushed under a cart load of thanks for doing some- thing for a boy I like, when it does not cost me a cent of money, or a breath of effort." "On, sir, your generous refusal of our thanks does but deepen our obligation," said Marah, still weeping. "Now, my dear madam, will you persist in making me confess that it is all selfishness on my part? I like the boy, I tell you! I shall like his bright, cheerful face in my office. I can make him very useful to me, also--" "Oh, sir! if you can and wi// only make him use- ful to you—" "Why, to be sure I can, and will! He can act as my clerk, keep my accounts, write my letters, drive out with me, and sit in the gig while I go in to visit my patients, for though I have pretty much retired from practice, still--" "Still you visit and pre ,cribe for the sick poor, gratis!" added Marah, feelingly. "Pooh, pooh! habit, madam, habit! 'ruling passion strong in death,' etc. I can't, for the life of me, keep from giving people bread pills! And now, by the way, I must be off to see some of my patients In Staunton I Traverse, my lad—my young medical assistant, I mean—are you willing to go with me? " "Oh, sir," said the boy, and here his voice broke down with emotion.

"Come along, then 1 " laughed the doctor; "you shall drive with me into the village as a commence- ment."

Traverse got his hat, while the doctor held out his hand to Mrs. Rocke, who, with her eyes full of tears, and her voice faltering with emotion, began again to thank him, when he good-humouredly interrupted her by saying: "Now, my good little woman, do—pray—hush! I'm a selfish fellow, as you'll see Ido nothing but what pleases my own self, and makes me happy! Good-bye! God bless you, madam!" he cried, cordially shaking her band. "Come, Traverse," he added, hurriedly striding out of the door and through the yard, to the gate before which the old green gig and sorrel mare were still waiting. "Traverse, I brought you out again to-day, more especially to speak of your mother and her state of health," said Doctor Day, very seriously, as they both took their seats in the gig and drove on towards the town. "Traverse, your mother is in no Immediate danger of death, in fact, she has no disease whatever!"

"Oh, sir, you do not think her ill, then I thought you did not, from the tact that you never felt her pulse, or gave her a prescription ex- claimed Traverse, delightedly, for in one thing the lad resembled his mother—he was sensitive and excitable—easily depressed and easily exhilarated. "Traverse, I said your mother is in no immediate danger of death, for that in fact she has no disease; but yet, Traverse, brace yourself up, for I am about to strike you a heavy blow! Traverse! Marah Rocke Is—starving !" "STARVING! Heaven of Heavens! no! that is not so I it cannot be! My mother starving! oh, horrible! horrible! But, Doctor, it cannot—cannot be! Why, we have two meals a day at our house! " cried the boy, almost beside himself with agitation. "Lad, there are other starvations beside the total lack of food there are slow starvat ions and divers ones! Marah Hooke is starving slowly and in every way mind, soul and body I her body is slowly wasting from the want of proper nutriment, her heart from the want of human sympathy, her mind from the need of social intercourse. Her whole manner of life must be chauged if she is to live at all!"

"Oh, sir, I understand you now! I feel, I feel that you speak the very truth Something must be done! I must do something. What shall it be? Oh, advise me, sir!" "I must reflect a little, Traverse," said the doctor, thoughtfully, as he drove along with very slack reins._

"And, oh, how thoughtless of me! I forgot, Indeed I did, sir, when I so gladly accepted your offer for me to read with you, I forgot thgt if I spent every day reading in your office, my mother would sadly miss the dollar and a half a week I made by doing little odd jobs in town." "But / did not forget it, boy; rest easy upon that score; and now let me reflect how we can best serve your good little mother I" said the doctor, and he drove slowly and thoughtfully along for about twenty minutes before he spoke again, when he saki:

'yhf have eT, shall nvo reu r vsos set , nttdiauMnypo.wo nani dnt hsadoymml ieets htpii linaetheknn bffioyrcrs totyhmoaouetfi to mother. n alhomeet:eh,mel rt month. neh tral tba meantime, you may make as much money at jobs as you can, and also you must accept from me for her a bottle or so of port wine and a turkey or twos Tell her, if she demurs, that it is the doctor's prescription, and that for fear of accidents he always prefers to send his own physic!" "Oh, Doctor Day, if I could only thank you aright!" cried Traverse. " Pooh, pooh I nonsense! there is no time for it. Here we are at Spicer's grocery store, where I sup- pose you are again employed. Yes? Well, jump out then. You can still make half a day. Mind, remember on Monday next, December Ist, you enter my office as my medical student, and by that time I shall have some plan arranged for your mother. Good-bye God bless you lad !" said the good doctor, as he drove off and left Traverse standing in the genial autumn sunshine, with his heart swelling and his eyes overflowing with excess of gratitude and happiness.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. , .

===== 0002601_18951221_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be continued.)

CARTER'S LITTLE 1 ..,•%. I'-q------ s T. PILLs. II BEAU tIFUL TEETH 'fat all who we daily oa tae tooth ''' VIT:(4, btlIK 1 a lot drew . • hi .1.1 .../13147 1 i'llteil Vege, SOZODOter, IVEI in pleasautewstoitutance it the "Dh'• ; Cleanses the teeth-and spaces Cur, Torn. i Liver, Bile, ‘, between them as nothing elm- SalloW Com,bl,aion, and! will. Sound and pearly whitt Sick liftaa.ca.ts Pz'nnr„ndV : , teeth, rosy ups, and fragt su4 and care Lnedi 4., as ',/ 0,1.7 : breath ensured. xured Clanuist.A.. ib. ild. : As for SOZODONT.

"How IS /T THAT CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE has obtained such great popularity" is a question which has perplexed many. The answer is. th,it it is umouestionably the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it For Scrofula. Sonny, Eczema, Skins,and Blood Diseases, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kind Its ffects are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle ware of worthless imitations anu substitutes.—Advt. (2)

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

ROCHE'S H BBAL EMBROCATION.

THE PLAGUE OF LIFE

A "Little Cough," THE RUIN ON HEALTH : A " Little Cough, THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A " Little Cough. Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USE o HALL'S: FOR INFLUENZA LUNG RESTORER Registered AND ALL CH EST LUNG AND THROAT RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POSSESSRSTnir POWER

_._______ .____ _ LUN G to SOO7HE. RELIEVE and HEAL, which exists in no RESTORER other preparation. Foot COUG H S LUNG OR COLDS RESTORER Never Falls. It NEVER FAILS to GIVE INSTANT RELIEF. LtiNG RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING PRE- LUNG LUDE TO THE CURE. RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Calm and Refreshing. LUNG RESTORER DOES NOT CONTAIN LAUDANUM, OPIUM, or Never Fails MORPHIA. LUNG FOR WHOC.FING RESTORER CO UGH, LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A CHARM RESTORER Children like it. Never Fails oNE 131 BOTTLE HA LL'S 2D. LUNL, p i&STORER PROVES ITS VALUE. It Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YEARS GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEV ER RELIEF FAILS FAILS.

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARER,— Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon. To Er, THOMAS HALL.—" DEAR SIR,—I and pleased to testify tithe great benefit derived from the use of your LUNG RESTORER, which I have given to iseveral children in my Home—ln two cases part, lularly its effects were marvel- lous having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be pleased to r commend it to all my friends. CAUTION.- When you ask, ask for a Bottle of HALL" LUNti RESTORER, dont be persuaded to accept anything else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genuine Bottle appears my Trade Mark (tlie figure of HoPE) and Signature Beware of fraudulent imitation. and innovations Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, in Bottles, Is. lid. and is. 9d. Should there be any difficulty in obtaining, it will be sent carriage paid, on receipt of for the amount, from OS. HAW 24, Queen Virtor'a street. London.

LIVf: rill. ke)Ll. 1,1 ;

===== 0002601_18951221_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
DURING the Sale, 1 goificent Solid Oak DINING ROOM SUITE, compridng a grand couch. two noble easy chairs, and six superior spoon-back chairs. all in splendid condition, not so.led ; originally cos_ £55, sale price 90. Grand Sidebo trd to match, 7gs., worth £4O; Dining Table

to match. 635. In addition to shove, we have a truly magnificent Col- lection of Dining-room Suites, over 200, with Sideboards, Dining Tables, and Overmantels to match An inspection' will prove the fact that bowhere cm such an assortment be seen except at GERSHON'S, the Universal Fu nishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-st eet, next to the Ade(phi Bank, Men- chester. Note.—The above may be had on my deferred payment system for a simnle five per c sit ex' ra ad led to Invoice. ATTENTIi rbl to Lot 166, wli ch is in Pollard Oak SC' and without ad tibt the be t and handsomest la in ManMe-ter. The Sidi ho rd, which is 7:t. long and very lofty, can otiy be dese,ibed as simply magnificent and the most unique in design we have rver seen. The suit.. of 12 I mall chairs (may be had with a less number), two large Lounge Chairs, and large Couch, are all stuffed with hair and covered in morocco lea, her, guarantee he Dining-tablet on carved supports, is very Ii ndsorne having a number of loose leaves. We offer th • lo for 45gs. ; cost over £4OQ. we , may state that sgs. each w II he alit, ed for any of the small chairs not required. We wish to irraptess upon the public, that every lot advertised is on our premises atm hundreds of others. Remember aildbe-s, GhltiHON'S Old-eatab lished Universal Furnishing ArEade, 44, Oldharn-street (next to the Adelphi Bank), Manchester. Note—lf on the de,erred payment system only five per cent. extra added to invoice.

1A237 is in Oriental Saddle Bags, carved walnut frames. consisting of half-dozen small chairs two easy chairS, an t couch ; rice £25, re lure I for the sale •to £9 158— board to match, with bevelled-class back, a per tect beauty sale p ice, £6 155.. usual price 12gs. Di, ing Table. 38s. 6d. Three other Suites in saddle Bogs, real Persian, everlasting ware, splendid patterns, among which is a water lily, most. charming and pleasing ; the wood work In these suites 18 American walnut, brown oak, an mahogany. and the prices are 18, 25, and 36gs. ; thy each cost ElO. £l5, and £25 a suite more. Sideboards Tables, and Overmaotels to match, all on view in our showroomi. Hundreds of other Suites on view. Call and inspect for yourselves ; you will not be un- duly pressed to buy. We have no salesmen or walking gen- tlemen who work for a cornmis,ion. Ev, ry customer is attended to by a member of the firm at UNItS tiON univer- sal Furnishing Arcade, 44, Oldham-street (next to AdelPil Bank), Manchester, five per Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only cent, extra added to Invoice.

0T97i8 a Charming DINING-ROOM SUITIL in mbosses le ither, very handsome f.nd stvhsh, trame work beauti- fully carved; the six st.,ndard oh .irs have padded backs, the two easy chairs are large ad comfortable. and the the couch Is most luxuriously upholstered. Tdds suite is in sdd Americad! e walnutwood and is suitab e for high-clase dining-room. Usual price, 25i,5. ; sale price I figs. Another Suite, in Solid Maho !Any, in good hard grail! leather. Crornwellian style ; sound in every respect; n°' soiled. Recently been recovered. A marvel of cheapness only 9gs. Another in Walnut, coy, red in leather, reduced to sg• Sideboard, to match, 42i. ; table, 21s These bargains are on offer during the sale and before altef aliens are commenced. Inspection invited.

SWEEPING PEDUCTIONS. MUST CLEAR PREVIOUS TO ALTER ATIONS. JT OT 51 is a BEDROOAI SUITE. Those wishing to furnish a bedroom in hlgh-cla.-s style and good taste should Inspect it. for style, workmanhin, and design it cannot be equalled, the massive large size wardrobe witti two bevelled glass doors of rare brilliancy reaching from plinth to cornice, the full-size pedestal dreising table, double washstand to match, pedestal bedside cupboard, towel airer, and three chairs, the whole are in rosewoo.l, richly ml It with tulip. box, olive, and other rare woods. TI e cost of this noble Suite was £lOO. bale price 65gs. Another Suite in walnut cost £125 for 60gs ,end another in Spmish m ihog .ny cost £55 for 27gs. Special attention is requested to Lots 6. 7, 8 and 9. which are Suites in walnut, silver birch, mahogany. and ash. each Suite hasa large wardrobe, with bevelled glass door: dressing table with large b yelled glass attached. supported by carved brackets restingon raised jewel drawers: it also forms a chest o, drawers, being enclosed by four drawers; the large wash sound is also enclosed, and has 11 marble slat, tile back, and bevelled shaving glass above, towel. rail, pedestal bedside cupbo ad, and three chairs.• These suite are guaranteed solid, no veneer being used. ftal° price, 15igs. Other suites smaller from £4 lbs. Inspectilt invited. Any of the above may be stored tree of charge ti required.

GERSHON'S NOTED UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHA.M STREET (Nmo to Adelphi Bank). MANCHESTER. cent. Note.—lf on the deferred payment system only 5 Per extra added to Invoice.

MUST CLEAR for the Contractors. Such S chance seldom occurs.

I:NDOUS

BARGAINS

We now enter the Miscellaneoud Department. Here we can inspect a splendid assortment of second-hand hair-seated Furniture. A first class solid mahogany sofa 50s„ cost per- haps £6; another less In size 38s. Spanish Mah,.gany couch:o in hair seating, 475. ; ditto 635.. cost £6. Very fine sott Spanish mahogany sofa, very heavy and massive. beau Ile- uphll etere i, cost when new £B. for four guineas. Others irt American leather from 168. Now we see over 60 pairs of easv chairs In stock. Several gents' easy chairs at 168 each. mahogany easy chair, in hair. for 285.. cost 60s. Superior pair of romwell easy chairs, large and massive, cost four guineas the pair. Nothing better can be made. Lady! rocking chair, in hair, 28s. A very large quantitY ol halc,: • seated chairs from ss. each to 245. each. An enormous stoes• of kitchen furniture is here titsp!ayed at marvellously lowa prices. For an instance, strong kitchen chairs 2s. each,kitche tables frimi 6s. 6d. each ; gr nd Spanish mahogany, drafter. with high carved back, cost £l4, for 6 guineas ; another, coat 211, for 5 guineas ; painted dresser, with thick top. 285'j another, very handsome high back, 60s. ; and olhers at it.• prices at GERSHON'S si UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE, 44, OLDHA,••••—

===== 0002601_18951221_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHPSTEItt. (Next to the Adelphi Bank.)

THE GREATEST SALE ON EARTa DON'T MISS IT. Marvellous Complete House of Furniture for 24 guinel44, Ot Five per Cent. Extra on my Deferred Payment System. CALL AND BNB IT. All Competitors stagger. Bead it. Seen.

NUMBER 1, is the marvellous complete House of Furniture, which includes dining-room. bedromns kitchen. ail bedding, blankets, sheets, plliow-cases carpets! floorc'oths, fenders, tea and breakfast set curtains, sill everything to makea nice home. Every article la guars!) te!!..a. Others advertised a so-called house of furniture tor a trine less, I contend this lot is hone: tly worth £lO more than those advertised by others. My price for the complete house ,14 24 guineas, or five per cent extra for credit—which means 21; more. You need not be afreid to call and inspect them. they are not what you want, don't purchas 1.

GERSHON, next to the ADELPHI BANS: " OLDHAM-STREET.

RE CAREFVL QECOND-HAND FURNITURE is being advertised. 1.1 and COMMON NEW LONDON RUBBISH IS SHINO SOLD. GENUINE SECOND-HAND. NO NONSENSE. TO COUNTRY cUSrOmEitb.-1 CONTINUE TO PAY CARRIAGE ON ALL ORDERS. FURNITURE TAKEN IN EXCHANGE OR PURCHASHO

NOV& ADDIItbS— GERSEION'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING} Alt- CADS is neat to the Adelpht Bank. 44, OLDHAM-SiEnT, hiANCFMTBII.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18951221_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11:

===== 0002601_18951221_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IS LIFE

--

===== 0002601_18951221_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
T WING?

W ORTH

Such 'WM the subject of a celebrated sermon preached in lidanshester,but the more practical problem of the slay is how to make life worth living on earth. One of the important tri- butaries of the river of happiness is the possession of a com- fortable home A home ma ,e bright and cheerful not only

, by the kind and loving disp .sition; of those living there, butl' made attractive by the good taste displayed in the furnishing. Furnishing is a very important factor in the matter of con- tinue J self-satisfaction. so much jerry new London furniture Ii being now ..etalled by drapers that one needs to pause be- tore rushing impetuously into the first draper's because of a Cheap r d t,cket. High-class makers, such as Larnb,Gillows, l, and Garnett,stili exist, to whom the wealthy can still go with ' a long purse but to most people this would be a too expens.re experiment. Again the av-r.ge man nowadays has a strong liking tor a bargain ; anything obtainable at about half or quarter the cost has a strong f +actuation f r him. Is it possi- ble to obtain such an advantage in furnishing? Yes, and more than possibie, it is an absolute fact. We cannot do better than recommend a visit to MR. WORSLEY'S FUR- NISHING PANTH NON, GAYT itORN, MANCHESTER.

THE Successful Establishment of any of the large ware- houses of Manchester is alw.tys of interest to the Citizens. One of the most britli .nt examples ot the 'gable of perseverance, entermise, and tat is the now busy hive of Industry so well known a The Pantheon, which occupies such a prominent position in Gas thorn, near the C ntral Station, Manche ter The building is a massive pile of modern design, lb') feet long, six storeys high, with show- room accommodation covering an area of over one million square let. The plate-glass windows are each 12 feet square, each sqt.are if b. oken costing nearly £3O to replace. len of these immense show windows fo ma portion ot the frontage. This will give a faint idea of "The Pantheon" in outward appearance, but ah I—here pen fail. alb get her in attempting to do justice to anything like an ad. quate description of the interior. "The Pantheon" was speci fly built to give the largest and mos convenient for space for showrooms, and cost £28,1.00. the floors specially construct et to carry enossnus weight. To-day it stands as one f the smartest furnishing houses in England, containing by far the largest and most comprehensive stock of any two houses in this large city. From basement to roof. from fl tor tocei ling. "The Pantheon" filled to overflowing with thousdads of well bought, care- fully seledted bargains, to attempt description of which would be as futile as Liverpool attempting ; o crush

THE MANCHESTWE tiHIP CANAL. The destinies of' The Panth 011" are c ntrolled and pre- sided over by its sole absolute pro q-ietor, Mr. W. H. Worsley, Whose-sole stu ly is an ever increasing desire to satisfy and please the thousands of customers who dnily patronise and support his ?forts. We invite the reader to accompany us in an Imaginary visit to " he Pantheon ' to see what it con- tains and how it is managed On arr.val we are at once strtuA with the magnificent STARTLING APPEARANCE of '• The Great Pat theon,' the immense long line of stupen- dous show windows displaying for sal, capital specimens of high-class Second hand Furru tura v high-class makers, the sale of which has made "The Pentheon famous. UPON ENTERING THE BUILDING 'we see at once that ra far as stock is concerned there is sufficient fur it ure for nearly the whole of Manchester. We see a'. once visitors walking round itupecting from 01 sham, ilolton Bury, Bur ley, IThakburn,Bacuir. Rochdale, Preston, Warrington and al parts of Lancadnre and Yorkshire, Cheshire, the Potteries, Wales, Ac It is the cardinal rule of " The Pantheon " to give the fullest facilities for inspec- tion without feeling compelled to buy. The ground floor is filled with the large specimens of bedroom furniture suitable for 1 rge rooms; we are told the smaller suites are on the top floor, to which we can travel by means of the hoist, or walk. Bedroom suites on the ground floor we notice by Lamb. original cost £l5O, pries £35 ; by Goodall, cost £IBO, for £5O ; by Henry Ogden. cost £2OO, for £65. These are among the best suites, but one that strikes us with _ . . . . .

special attention is a fine han,some Bedroom Suite by Behan, In solid American walnut, heavily calved. in has relief, with . . .

large wardrobe fitted with brthial,t crystal bevel mirrors ; dressing table unique with neatly fitted jewel drawers, sur- mounted by large swing dressing glass ; washstand fitted 'With statu try marble and shaving mirror, three chairs, pedestal table de nuit, and towel horse ; what originally cost £6O you can obtain for £25. Over 200 bedroom Suites are in sto on show, from 355. to £lOO, forming a display so impressive that we are almost STRUCK DUMB WITH AMAZEMENT. We now go up stairs to the Dining-room Showroom. Wkat a sight, long avenues of Sideboards is the fird Impression; hunch eds of Sideboards, with hunrireds of Suites, also Dining Tables, Overmantels, splendid collec' ion of Bronzes, Ormolu Clocks, Vases, Bce In this department we find magnificent Sideboards original cost from £lOO to £2OO. at prices simply astounding. £lO to £2O The nest floor above is the Drawing- room Furnitu,e Showroom, which is simply a dhow of

DAZZLING BEAUTY dissolving one's sensitive apireciation into impressive loveli- ness. No depsrtment is so interesting to ladies as the draw- ing-room sh )wroom; a keen delight is experienced in selecting , weird and fantastic furniture for the drawing-room. Asthetle, Moorish, and Egyptian Cabinets, peculiar Greens and bronzed Tables Occasional Chairs of charming variety, nosy Corners, Comfortable Lounging Settees and chairs equal to the highest class firms in the K;ngdom at quarter the price. The largest showroom for Drawing-room Furniture in Manchester, containing over 100 Suites, 100 Cabinets, 200 Overmantels 500 Tables. Suites from £3 10s. Od. to £5O.

Cabinets from 30s. to £45. Marvellous value, worth in most cases three or four times the money charged. The next department adjoining is cases three or four times the money changed. The next de- partment is the Beistead ,nd Bedding Department. wkich contains an enormous stock of Be4steads. The WM:lnt- burnished brass displayed here is so immense as to present almost a

SEA OF GOLD. Magnificent specimens of the brassworicers' art is here dis played to perfection. Brass Ktdttteads may be purchased solid and complete for as low a price as 355. to the best at £35. A clear saving of 50 per cent. is effected in bedsteads and bedding Brass and Iron Bedsteads, strong and durable, Maybe secured from 6s. Fd. to 30s. The bedding is all new, Manufactured on the premises; everything is new in this department, the work here giving employment to over 50 hands. Nothing is allowed to be used here except it has pre- viously been washed and purified. All bedding sold at Wor- sley's may be guaranteed as of SPOTLESS PURITY. Wool Beds complete, guaranteed all wool, from Bs. fks., Hair Wattresses from 18s. 6d.. Feather Beds from 225. 6d. The next place of interest to visit is the Bedroom Furniture Department, which is displayed in a showroom, 68 yards by 25 yards, larger than most of the combined showrooms of 4 Most furnishing establishments. One is bound to admit that The Pantheon is certainly far ahead of any rival establish- ments in point of size and convenience. The showroom : visited so far are lofty, well lighted, and of imroense area. ' The Bedroom F-rniture Showroom Is magnificent; 300 itßedroom Suites are displayed in avenues, the finest collec- tion ', extant, at prices simply incredible, astonishing every one, pulverising and exterminating all competition. Com- plete Bedroom Suites, solicithroughont, at P 3105. up to £3O, Magnificent in style and finish. Enamelled Suites from 30s. to £7. The next department is for Kitchen Furniture, the varied stock of which is quite sufficient, to satisfy the most exacting. Thousands of chairs, hundreds of tables sad dressers, every requisite for the kitchen at half the usual Prices charged. A department is also provided for Iron- mongery. But we must move on, our examination and M- al:cotton is taking too long and occupying too much spice. We now are shown into the Carpet and Oilcloth Department, Which contains thousands of new rolls of carpets, Brussels from is. llid . Tapestry from 100., Axminster from 2s. Ilicl, and so on. Then we see hundreds of Second-hand Carpets. If you want a carpet to beat creation, buy one of Worsley's second-hand ca-pets ; they knock the competition of Jew and Gentile into smithereens. You can get a second-hand Brussels carpet, no tapestry ; no, reel. genoine Brussels. from 4 to 5 yards by 3to 4 yards, for under a sovereign. Rugs of im- mense variety, lovely Skin Rugs, Axminster, in facto? every Conceivable design, shade, and colour, forming a gorgeous display. RIVALLING THE RAINBOW. - • -

Oilcloths and Linoleums are here cut to pieces; thousands of yards are here daily slashed and cut into all shapes to fit the various houses they are intended for. The prices are also out, in fact, cut so line that you would require a magnifying glass to discover any profit made out of this department, We saw Oilcloths from lid. per yard and Linoleums from 6d. per 'Yard. The best Scotch Oilcloths and Lino'e ms are displayed from is. 3d. per yard to 2s. 11d. We should like to speak of all the wonderful things displayed for sale, but we must be pre- Paring to leave The Pantheon in order to catch our train. We, therefore, bury through the Office Forniture Department, the Brass Feeder and Firebmss I),Tartment, the Miscellane- ous Department quickly on to the latest addition, the Music i, Department. Hark! What do we hear? 1 MUSIC. HEAVENLY AND SUBLIME. The 'S Hallelujah Chorus," Handers masterpiece, is being rolled along in glorious harmony by a gentleman who lates svc discovered to be" The Proprietor." American Organ ' are here displayed in great variety, mostly second-hand : for ( instance, a Mason and Hamelin organ can be purchased for . 10 guineas which cost £4O. The lianofortes are in strong I evidence, and a great credit to Mr. Woreley, who buys everything for " The Pantheon" himself. Pianos by t Emrd. Steinway, Broadwood, Bechstein, Justin Browne, Co. lard, Drinemead and all the best makers are displayed at 2._ prices simply amazing. Emrd pianos, the king of all in- struments. are priced at £l5, £2O, and £2B. Marvellous value Who would buy a cheap German piano which in 12 Months would be worse than a Jew's harp, when you can Obtain a fine Second-hand piano by one of the best makers for a fourth of the original price ? New pianos by all the best makers are here so'd for a profit of 10 per cent ; Wore- le's will procure any instrument, by,any maker, for a simple , 10 per cent profit, and pay carriage. Neumever pianos. 1 ; quite new. swendirl pianos, for 3tf guineas, list price 50 ' guineas; Kirkman's steel upright pianos £33, list £6O t lirinsmead's £3O, Collard's £3), Hon, .nson's £25, and so on, showing a marvellous swim, on the ordinary music- sellers' price. Magnificent , r • ond-hand pianos at £3, £4, ‘.. £5, up to £lO, wonderful i• Argains. IN CONCLUSION. sve find that "The Pantheon" is undoubtedly three times the size of any other furnishing house in Manchester ; we have visited every rival establishment, but none can hold a %Mlle to "The Pantheon." The universal courtesy extended to every visitor, whether a buyer or simply inspecting, is a strong recommendation to all to pay a visit to "The Patheon" 1 before purhasing furniture. And although a terrific cash , trade is daily in evidence, yet Mr. Worsiev is such a strong ' olMonent te the Iniquitous hire system that to combat these ; evils, whi-h mean a serious loss to those starting in life (see 'Tit Bits," for October 12th). Worsley's now give credit to all respectable buyers at exactly the same price tharged forcash,lbut mike a direct charge of 10 per cent above the invoice price. This is a boon, preventing the extortion- ate prices usually charged on the hire system. Now our visit is ender, and after thanking the saleman for his courtesy in Showing us round, we cannot help but marvel, as we wend our way to the station, upon the marvellous skill and ability displayed at " The Pantheon" in the building up of what pro- Phetically promises to become one of the largest concerns in lingland. DON'T BUY FURNITURE anywh,re until you have visited" The Pantheon," Gaythorn Manchester, near the Central Station. WIL WORSLEY, The Pantheon, Gaythorn, • Manchester. Close to Central Station.

HOURS OF BUSINESS EVERY DAY 9 to 7.

THOMAS RUSSHLL'S & CLICRCH-STHEHT, COST £4O. _ . _

El.B 10s —Gold Keyless Centre-seconds English lever Stop WATCH. in masqve loz. solid IS-carat hall- marke 1 hunting eases; guarsnteed air and dust proof; hi hly fini bed threequarter-place full jeweled movement. br=quet spring, jew. lied on end-pieces. chronometer adjust- ment. and all the most m.,dern improvements ; a most accur- ate timekeeper ; new eight months ago, an co t £4O. Twenty years' stamped warranty. 'Exchanges made.

By CHARLES TIEDENTANN, Parker-street. Cost Rtlt. 1O—(&d Keyle s Centre-seconds Chronograph 0 English han i-made Lever HUNTING WATCH., in mas.ive 3oz plain lE c,rat C ses Or and dust proof) chrono- meter balan e, r qnet spring and unbreak.b em jewe led every action with diamonds and rubies, in almost new condition ; a doe-class watch and suitable for presenta- tion (extra size) A magnificent timekeeper. A "Pargain. Wa,ranted for 30 Tenas.

21, tt 15s —"igh - class Gold Keyless Centre- seconds Chronograph ' tunting-cased Stop WATDa,mas lye 18-mat hall-marked ,lain bright polished cases. fully adjusted chronometer balance brequet • ring, timed to positions and temperatures, n perfect timekeeper, j well.cl every action ; ,ew six month ego; worth 30 guineas. A bargain Exchanges made for inferior watches Or jewellery. Taym•-nts taken. Inspection Invited. 3, al•Hale, 3, Upp-r Duke-street Fine watches any speciality.

11,4H-eLASB Gold Keyless WATCHES, in open face and hunti g cases ;1114 ,orfeited as under : °est £lB'Os—fly Joseph Sew'll, S Castle-street lialfltunter £4O £l3 10.—fly Joseph Sewill, S Castle-street, Open Face £3o £l4 10.—By Thorna. Russell and Son. Open Face £2B £1 les—By Thomas Russell and Son, Grand Holder £4O £l9 10s—By ho. Russell and Son,..xtra quality Hunter £45 £lO 08-13 y Jos. ph Sewill. S. CastlP-str et, open face £2s £l3 ^s—By J. Pyper, Belfast, Grand Open face £2B £9 10s—By John Lecomber, Liverpool. Open face £ls £l5 Os By James Penlington, Castle-street, Open faoe £33 Each of the above is a modern Watch Of the finest quality and 'n first- lass condition, in massive 18-carat hall-marked plain gold case,sall chronometer adjustments, brevet spring, and extra jewelled, and sold subject to app oval, with a Stamped guarantee for 25 years with each. Payments tak U. or other articles taken in exchange. M' Hale, 3 Upper Duke- street, f•u• genuine forfeited ba-gains in high-class watches. Cash returned if not approved.

RU SR L'S 10-GUI NBA FLY-BACK CHRONGRAPH. EA 17a 6cl.—Grand 4, lid Silver Fly-back 4 mute Recta- '4•l terVg Keyless CHRONOGRAPH in massive plain soPd silver cases, gold joint and button. chronometer balance, brequet spring, anel all the most modern improvements in this valuable high-class watch. Invaluable to doctors, en- gineers, sportsmen, ~to. New six months ago. Twenty ye re warranty. IV Hale, 3. Upper Duke-street.

T. RUSSELL & SON'I HEYLS CHRONOGRAPH. 25 s;l(.7nosatordo),,i—iveMraraieftacznetylheeer cve,natirre aseacdonridusst pgrroaonfa extra jewelled three-quarter plate movement, with chrono- meter adjustment, unbreakable mainspring, and all the latest Improvements; gold winding button, joins, and outside stoowork Timed to one minute a month, Payments or exchange.

WORKINGM %/VS GENUINE SILVER ENGLISII LEVER WATCH and SILVER CURB ALBERT A SEAL. RllB 6d —Hi ,hlv-finished 8-gnir ea Filver English Lever WATCH, by one of the best English makers, capped and extra jewelled every action, in massive solid silver Eng- lish hill-marked air and dust proof cases; together with heavy solid silver curb Albert and Seal, Government stamped every link, guaranteed by stamped warranty for twenty years. Cash returned If not as represented. Forfeited pledge. Weekly payments taken. A b main. iPP this lot at once.

CASE OF TIE3SERT KNIVES AND FORKS.—COST 8 GUINEAS. £3 78 6d.—Choice Case of Solid ISilver-plate DESSERT KNIVES and FORKS, Twenty-four Pieces, in hand- some walnut silk-lined case; solid silver hall-marked; in nerfect cmdition ; ivory handles. Also a Choice Case of FISH EATERS, Al quality, so id ivory handles ; 70s.

SPECIAL-9-GUINEA CHRONOMETER LEVER. £3 12s 6d—For Silver English HUNTER, by that grand maker. Kallie, Liverpool, with chronometer balance and adjustment for extreme heat and cold, capped, ruby jewelled, and all the latest patents, in heavy plain solid cases, damp and dust proof, with solid gold joints ; made to special order last year, and maker's receipt and our warranty for twenty years given. No liner watch can possibly be made, and intending purchasers should see this special bargain. Approval. Payments takers.

THE NURSE'S WATCH.-0 OST

12s 6r---Fi;St--;1-a-s—s -Sol.17:1--Srl;Ter '-e-n-tr-e-s—e-e-unds Stop WATCH. beautifully engraved eases. outside stop, and all modern improvements. Twenty years' warranty,

LADrS SILVER LEVER /KEYLESS WATCH, BY RUSSELL. _

7.2 s 6d—Ladv's almost new Keyless Lever WATCH, with whi.' e dial and seconds hand, threegnarter- plate, full jewelled gold movement,and chronometer balance, and a most accurate timekeeper. Also another fine quality (key winding) Lever Watch, equal in quality and fini-h, in very handsome hand engraved cases ; only 37s 6d ; worth double. Twenty-five years' warranty with eac, and Russell's signed guarantee. Payments.

BY TOSBPFI PENLINGTON.—COT £lO. IQ 10s—High-class Silver English hand-made, extra jewelled Lever Hunting WATCH, jewelled with diamonds and rubies, chronometer balance, in heavy plain bright polished solid hall-marked hunting cases, with gold joints. Had very little wear. A most accurate timekeeper. Twenty ye Ars warranty.

BY THOS. BLUNDELL, GREAT GEORGIC-STREET. g4lss.—Lady's Gold English hand-made Lever WATCH capped and jewelled every action with valualle rubies. in massive English hall-marked solid gold cases, beautifully engraved ; gold dial. Guaranteed to keep guntime for twenty years Payments or exchanges.

SILVER LEVER OENTRII SECONDS, BY LECOMBER. R 4 15s —Grani Solid Silver Centre seconds Keyless Lever WATCH, by this noted maker; high-class threequarter-plate movement, extra jewelled chronometer balance, and all improvements. Twenty-five years' warranty. Payments or xchange.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY'S 12-GUINEA. SOLID GOLD KEYLESS HUNTING

WATCH. 23 15s.—High-rlass Solid heavy Gold Revless Hunting WATCH. beautifully hand-engraved cases, extra jewelled movement ; a most accurate time keeper ; white enamelled dial gold hands ; 20 years warranty I; equal to new. Also a very handsome aad fashionable Albert with tassel drop, stamped, only 375. 6d.; worth 3 guineas.

LADYS SILVKR KEYLESS WATCH AND ALBERT. 21 fess..6dvdTott4 eii.ntirnaesiesw),.--LadT,'lsmComhoeinez SbielvaeurtiKfuel Tv.• engraved cases, flat glass and whits dial - together with Fashionable Solid Silver Double Albert, with tasssel. Twenty years' warranty. LADY'S Solid GOLD ALBERTS, stamped, from 218 to £3 15s. ; cost double. Large stock of fashionable designs to select from.

Note the Address : JOHN IVI4 HALE, PAWNBROKER, 3, -UPPER DUKE STREET, LIVERPOOL. _ _ _ . _

• (Opposite Dr. Raftl3'B Chapel) Old Gold and Silver, China. Old Plate, Glass, Pictores, Coins, Books, Fcc.. hought for Cash, Stored or Advanced at a Low Rate. Letters or parcels receive prompt attention.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TOR ENAMINVH. SATUR I)AY, DECEMBER 21, 1895.

the wagons putting into the yard on the new road, they must not have them stopping on the cart road. He was aware of telling cooper that he had to give them a b-- humpy, and Ire did not tell him that he must give them leather. He said they should want the a agora in a little sharper than they had put them in before, so as to enable them te go round the curve in the yard. He wanted thy wagons to stop between the curve and the machine. He gave the signal for them to stop before they got off the main line. He saw the wagons coming !in very sharp, and he tried to put the brakes down. He missed the first one, but ,tot the second, and after poll- ing it down he made for the last brake and stuck to that until the first wagon crashed through the doars, when he jumped off. He should think the wagons were tra- veliing at 10 m;les an hour. There were two other men on the first and second wagons, and he An d Carter were on the brake of the fourth wagon, there was nobody on the brake of the third wagon. There were four men on the brakes. From where the new line joins the old, right up to the gates was 64 yards it was a little down hill. The wagons travelled about 50 or 60 yards after they crashed through the doors. He had never seen wagons shunted into the yard at this speed before. He did nothing nor said anything to cause them to send the wagons in at an unusual speed. By Mr.Daviea : The last witness said you kept waving him on with your hand,aud after he had stopped the en- gine you kept waving on, is that true ? No, sir. Idi not wave the engine on after the wagons got through the g..tes off the main line. By Mr. Blind : What is the meaning of the word bumper ? I don't know.—As a Lancashire man, don't , you know what it means P—l had never heard the word until Mr. Glover mentioned it an Friday in the paint shop.—ls it your duty after getting wagons into he Vulcan Works to sects the pinning of the brakes ? Yes. He had three other men assisting on that date.— Why did you want four brakesmen to put down brakes on this particular occasion ? One was holding the points, f was seeing to the brakes,—Then yoh were expecting wagons to be sent in pretty smartly, when you had three or four men to assist you ? No.—Then why did ' you want so many men ? To assist if anything went wrong.—You say you gave a signal just before entering the yard,who did you give it to ? The engine driver or Dtn,the shunter,whichever could see m..—Was it to the driver or the shnnter you gave the signal P—l was just calling on him.—Who ? The driver.—Then you were signalling direct to the driver to bring the wagons into the yard ? Yes.—Did you notice what the driver did before you turned round to enter the yard ? No. _4a_ the The Coroner : D) you mean to say 1.1 h d dis- obeyed your instructions ? Well, he kept coming on. . .

Mr. Bland You .ay you gave the driver instrUctions to stop, and that you previously gave him instructions, but took no notice of them ? Yes.—And vet you turned your back on him,and went into the yard ? I went into the yard.

By the Coroner: The driver had shut off steam when he turned to go into the yard. By Mr. Bland : Why did you tell the shunter you wanted them put in sharply ? To get them round the curve.—Bad the wagons to be put in the shed where the doors were? No, they had to go to some other place.— Is it not a fact that wagons were shunted on this siding and not far enough for your convenience,and you had to use horses to take them further ? We have had tcruse horses. The rails were slippery, and the wind would be blowing over the railway towards the works, and with the incline would tend to make the wagons run quicker. . . _

The Coroner : Do you say that the London and North- Western Company have no responsibility over these wagons after they leave the Company's main line ? No. —Then who takes the responsibility ? I do.—Then who takes the responsibility of the speed to be shunted into the yard ? The Company's shunter.—But if be is not aware of the destination of the wagons how can he form any opinion as to the speed to be put upon them ? I don't know.—You know where you want them ? Yes. Then you are in a better position to form an opinion as to the speed they have to go in than the shunter of the Dmapany ? Well we want them to go into the yard, that's all. . .

_ By the foreman : Cooper did not ask him where the wagons had to go. Two of the wagon brakes were de- fective, but if they had been in proper order he did not think the accident could have been prevented. Joseph Clare, 352 Crow-lane, Newton, engine driver in the employ of the London and North-Western Company corroborated the first part of the evidence of Cooper. He said the four wagons ran at a fair pace. He did not know that anything hnd happened until about half-past two. He received his signals from Cooper,who told him that the Vulcan people had informed him that they wanted them well inside the vard,and that he must hit them up. He saw Sankey but did not take any notice of him. If he gave him any signals he would not take them. When the wagons left him,they would be travel- ling at the rate of five or six miles an hour. He took no responsibility but simply worked to the instructions of his guard. If they did not give the wagons a smart push they weuld not go round the curve on a dry day. John Baxter, Chapel-lane, Burtonwood, guard in the empley of the London and North-Western Company said beheld the points while the engine was drawing the nine empty wagons out. Sankey told them that he wanted to have the wagons on the new line in the vard,and they had to give them some b— humpy. Witness said it would not do to hit them up so bard as it was a wet day,and Sankey said it did not matter he wanted them round by the big chimney iu the works. Cooper gave the signal to the driver, and he was close by when Sankey used the word humpy,but witness could not say whether he heard him or not. Witness had never been in the works before the accident sad did not know where the line led to inside the yard. Cooper used his own discretion in regulating the speed. Mr. Davies : Are you sure you heard Sankey use these words ? es.—Then he did not use this expression b— humpy ? Yes, It is a common expression of his. —And he said he wanted the wagons to the big chim- ney ? Yes, that is what he said.

By the Foreman: Did you think the waving were travelling too quickly? Not if there was a brakesznan with them.

Rnbert 1111phs, labnurer, at the Vulcan Fount Try spoke to seeinz the deceased knocked down by the doors.

AR adjournment was here made for lunch, and on re- suming.

Job Church, parcel porter at Earlestown station, said on ThurAday last he was at the Vulcan foundry works, having gone there with a parcel. He went down on the engine driven by Clare He saw the four wagons'shunted en the siding leading into the works. He heard Sankey tell Cooper he wanted the wagons knocking right into the yard. Witness then went into the office to deliver his parcel, and when he came out the engine was just about in the act of shunting back in the yard. Sankey set the points and gave a signal to Cooper to come back and kept on waving him back,and when Cooper thought they were going far enough he gave the driver a signal to stop. The Coroner : Do you wish us to understand that if Cooper had obeyed Sankey, he would have allowed the engine to come further ? Yes much further. He saw the engine stop on the main line. The wagons seemed to be going at a good speed, and he wondered where Sankey wanted them putting, from the way he was call- ing them on. He saw Sankey and some of the other men run for the wagons to put the brakes down. James Green, yard foreman at the Vulcan Foundry, said he told Sankey, that when the engine came down with any goods, to put them in the yard by the new line and to put them down easy. He saw the shunting opera- tion take place. The wagons were coming in at a very rapid speed. He rushed at the wagons and put a brake down, and sat on it until the wagons had run through the tender shot. Thomas Carter horseman at the Vulcan Foundry gener- ally bore out the evidence of the previous witness. He should think the wagons were travelling at the rate of 10 or 12 miles an hour.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FATAL ACCIDENT AT THE VULCAN FOUNDRY.

INQUEST AND VERDICT.

The accident which occurred at the Vulcan Foundry, Newton le-Willows, on Thursday the 12th inst., to Her- man S. Williams, a fitter employed at the works, resulted fatally on Sunday morning, the deceased never having recovered consciousness. An inquiry hatb the circum- stances was held at the Pied Bull Fletel, Newton, on Tuesday, by Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner. Mr. Robert Davies, solicitor of Warrington, appeared on behalf of the Vulcan Foundry Company, Mr. Bland from the solicitor's department Lime-street Station, Liverpool, represented the London and North-Western Railway Company, Mr. B. Tinker, Government Inspector of Factories and Workshops, Mr Norman, works manager of the Vulcan Foundry, and Mr. F. Glover, inspector in the wagon department of the Railway Company at Earlestown, were also present. Inspector Morgan watched the proceedings on behalf of the police. Mr. J. Simpson was foreman of the jury. John Williams said Herman Smith Williams was his brother, and lived at 59 High-ste Newton. He was a fitter working for the Wean Foundry Company at Newton-le-Willows. He was 33 years of age Isar birth- day. He received his injuries en Thursday the 12th, but witness had not seen him prior to the accident since last Easter. Ile saw him on Saturday morning, and was At the bedside when he died, his death teking place at 20 minutes past ID on Sunday morning. His brother made no statement to him abeut this matter as he was uncon- scious. He had been in the employ of the Vulcan Com- pany since he served his apprenticeship. A plan of the works was here produced by Mr. Nor- man, and the position of the sidings and shops were ex- plained to the jury. Daniel Cooper, brakesmen in the employ of the Lon- don and North-Western Railway Company, living at- n Hnlesl-st.,Earlestown,said that on Thurselae the 12 inst., about ten minutes to one, witness took four wagons to the Vulcan Foundry from Earlestown; three were loaded and one empty. He left these four wagons on the main line and brought rine empty wagons out of the Vulcan siding. After drawing the empty wagons out the four loaded trucks were let down to them, and they were then ell standing on the main line. The nine empty wagons were coupled together and to the engine, and the four wegens were coupled together but not to the nine empties. Before putting the loaded wagons into the works, the Vulcan Company man Thomas Sankey had to move the points, and they had to obey his orders. Sankey said he wanted these wagons in the yard, and he must give them some b— humpy. Witness ex- planed that this meant give them a hit up. The engine driver was entirely under witness's cnnttol, and had to obey his orders. He told the driver that the Vulcan people wanted the wagons in the yard. The 13 wagons were standing still, and he es VP the driver the signal to put these four wagons in the Volran siding. The man Sankey was giving witness the signal and he gave it the driver. It was e hen he was hooking on to the nine ewe Y wag- gons, that Sankey told him to give them some b— humpy, and witness told the engine driver they wanted them in the yard, as he was passing with the empties, befere the four loaded wagons had to b s let down. That was all he said to him, and he did not make Ilse of the exact language that Sankey used. He gave the calling hark signal, and the driver then came back towards the Vulean works. About six of the wagons ceup'ed to the engine came over the points. Sankey was stood iteainet the gates leading into the yard. The four wagons were going at a speed of about five or six miles an boor. There was no one riding on them. Sankey was waiting for them, and he saw him go round the end of them, when they passed him. He did not see whether he followed I them, as he could not see into the yard. He did not see the four wagons crash through the doors into the work. shop. He did not see any more after the wagons went ' through the gates into the yard. and he wen not aware that they travelled a distance of 25 yards before they canae to a stand.—lf you were told that the distance from the points was 25 yards, does it not show that they must have been fly shunted with considerable force ? They were not shunted any different to what they usually are.—Do you mean to say that the wagons were shunted at the ordinary speed ?—You have to give them some speed to get them round that curve, or leave them ! on the cart read.—The engine driver has ro be told by somebody, and hew far they must go when they get away from him P—He works to the signal.—Then he wears at your direction P—Yes.—And when did you cease to call him back ?—When I thnuele they had got sufficient to go round the curve.—Then the responsibility rests upon you as to the speed P-1 only put the same speed on as we generally do.—When did you get to know that the accident had happened P—l did not know any- thing about it until about 2.30. We went away with the other nine wagons and did not know that anything had happened.—What is your contention ? That the Vulcan Foundry Co., are in charge when they get through the gates ?—Yea.—But the responsibility rests with you as to the speed P—l went according to the Vulcan Foundry man's instructions. He had only put- the wagons into this siding on two orcesione. He did not know the works very well. He did not know where the doors were until the accident happened. Re thought they wanted the wagons to go to the machine, and he thought they would travel to the machine or just over it, if they were attending to the brakes —Rave you ever been inside the works P—No.—You really have formed no conclusion previous to giving the signal to the driver as to how far these wagoes had tc travel P-1 put them in according to what I had put loads in the day before. —Did you form any estimate as to the distance it was requisite far the wagons to travel ? —I could net say.— May I take it when you gave the signal to the ?driver that you stopped him when you thought he had got sufficient way on P—Yes. By Mr. Davies.—Do you recollect some weggrins being weighed on this machine some months ago ? Were you not the man who was with them P—Yes, I CAMP down with them.—You said you had never been in the works. Not all through the works.—Had you not been to the weighing machine ? Yes. He had been at Earlestown a good while, and had regularly taken goods down tl the Vulcan. He could see to the machine off the main line. He conveyed the idea to the driver that he was to give the wagons A good push, with his hand, and he called him On in the usual way. He did not see Any men jnmp on the brakes when the wagons got in the yard. He had only been on this new siding twice before this accident occurred.

By Mr. Bland :—Ffe gave the signal to the driver, and witness took his Menai from Sankey, and he was stand- in such a nnsilinn that he could see him. He did not wait until Sankey gave him the signal to stop, and he saw him waving his hands after witness had stopped the driver.—What were the exact words he used in addition to b—humpv P—And give them some leather.—Did he give the exact point in the works he wanted them to go to ? Not to me. I heard him saving something about a chimney to my mate.—Do ynn always act t-) the instruc- tions of the Vulcan men ? Yea,

The Coroner to afr.Eland—Whatis your contention,— that you work to Sankey's instructions ? Yes, we de not go into the works, we do not know where the WAKOng have to go to,and our shunter works to Sankey's instructions.

The Coroner said the Vulcan Foundry Company's con- tention will be that you have control or the engine and should know what- speed to put the wagons ha.

Mr. Bland : Then our answer to that will be that we have no responsibility beyond the gnteg. Dr. Davies: But I want to know if Sankey did use these words, how, b the motion of his hands he con- veyed the intellizenee to the encine driver. The Coroner to Mr. Bland : Your contention ia that the brakesman act- on the instructions of Sankey ? Yes, he is there when this ;cm+ is done. and the wacons had not cone far enough before and they wanted them tip further.

By Mr. Bland : He had only shunted wagons into this siding on three occasion. He did not know where the end of the siding was, nor what distaqce the wagons would travel. He relied implicitly on the verbal instruc- tions, and then by hand signal from Sankey, as to the speed they would have to an in, leaving Sankey to judge how far they would travel and the speed they would an in. He was not supposed to do anything inside the Vulcan Company's yard beyond placing the wagons on the line.

Mr. Davies Could you not see the whcle of this branch line up to the gates. and have von not seen them ma^v a time ? I could not tell where the line went to. —But you could see the gates of the shop from the main line ? Ys.—Then you knew that the siding raw there ? No, they might turn it inside the yard, some- where else.—Supposing seeing the speed that he Came in. WAR it not for you to judke whether it was safe or not ? I stopped the driver.—Could you not have stopped him before ? Yes, I could have stopped him as soon as he started,

The Coroner :Do you say 'ma are not supposed to know where the wagons had to go P lam not—the Vulcan Foundry people will not allow the engine to go over the points on to their siding.—But why? Because I suppose for fear it comes off the line —Do you mean to say that the engine is not supposed to go over those points ; who told you that ? Mr. Norman said the en- gine had not to go over the points. In answer to questions by the jury, witness said if Sankey had not given the instructions he did the wag. one would have been put on the straight road. He could not tell whether the doors were closed or not. He did not expect the wagons to go away further than the weigh bridge, and he did not intend them to go he- cond. He did not intend to send the wagons in with any greater speed than on the two former occasions. The rails were very wet and he thought they had speed enough on to go to the weighbridge. Thomas Sankey, living at Winwielr QiIAV, Winwiek, brakeman employed at the Vulcan Foundry Company. said he had been at the works nearly six years, and had been a brakesman nearly four years. The new siding had only been in existence about 12 months. Formerly when they wanted wagons into the Va,(l they had to go on to a siding parall,l with the works, and then be turned on a turn table and sent into the wnrks. Wagons had been shunted on the new road abnnt half a dnzen times, when the London and North-Weatern Company shunted wagons into the yard. He gave instructions on Thursday as to the speed. He told Cooper they wanted

===== 0002601_18951221_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Joseph Frozgatt deposed to seeing deceased injured.

Mr. Davies and Mr. Bland having addressed the jury The Coroner said he was obliged for the care and at- tion the jury had given to tke inquifv. They would understand that the only legal obligation cast upon them was to say how the person came by his death, and whether any person was criminally responsible for that death. In tbio particular matter they would see that they had a great deal of conflicting evidence to deal with. They had first of all to decide which side was speaking the truth, and also what were the obligations of the Railway Co., or the Vulcan Foundry. The duty of the Railway Co., was to deposit just off their main line the wagons for the Foundry, and they had no right to do anything further. Formerly the wagons were brought opposite the straight length to the works and then turned by a turn table, which was a deal of trou- ble, and in or ier to save this, the siding was made to the works. But it had been so constructed that the Vulcan works could not see their way to allow the Rail- way Co. to bring their engine over the points, and the Company admitted that,and did not bring their engine over the points. They would see without any direction from him, if the engine could go over the points, the simplest way of rectifying the matter would be for the engine to go into the works without any fly shunting. The whole thing rested on what they thought were the respective obligations on the servants of the Company on the one hand, and the Vulcan Company on the other, and when they had decided that obligation, how they I had carried out their respective responsibilities. If they thought there was an obligation on the part of the Com- pany's servants to find out where these engines were going, and that they ought to make inquiries before they began shunting, then they had to find out whether they did make thesa inquiries. It would take a lot of evi- dence to convince Wm that a railway servant had to find out where a wagon had to go before giving instruc- tions to the driver. He thought it was more sensible to conclude that the works ought to have had in their employ a person who should give instructions direct to the Company's eng,ineman or the brakesman who would in his turn transmit them to the driver. ehoufntoipnign arrangementi I n t hat h i deliberation, the jury came opinion F; de thto the conclusion that Herman Smith Williams was kwiallseedwacsed accidentally, ejntathll,,y confusedand we s r exist- ing between the London and North-Western Railway Co. and the Vulcan Foundry Co.,and they desired to express their sympathy with Mrs. Williams and family,

===== 0002601_18951221_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK.

ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the trustees and managers of the above bank was hold at the Bank premises, Butter- market-st., on Tuesday, Major Pickmere, J.P., in the. chair. There were also present—The Rector (the Rev Canon Willis), the Revs. H. V. Pigot, G. B. Thurston, John Yonge, and J. J. Laugh= ; and Messrs. William Long, J.P. (vice-chairman), Robert Garnett, J.P., William Tinsley, John Harrison, F. Monks, J.P., C.C., Alderman Harrison, J.P., John Peers, D. W. Finney, C. Jackson Holmes, E. L. Fleming, Alderman R. W. Francomb, J.P., John Geddes, J.P., Alderman Edward Greenall, J.P., J. H. Fleming, J. 1., and John E. Davies (actuary).

ANIMAL REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE OF MANAGEMENT.

The folio% Mg report of the Committee of Management was read by the Actuary and apr roved The Com- mittee of Management present the annexed general statement of the Bank for the year ending 20th Novem- ber, 1895. As shown in the balance sheet the total assets are £311,874 114 61., the total amount due to depositors is £307,236 3s. 9d., showing a sur- plus of £4,638 7s. 9.1. Beyond the £308,859 3s. 10d. the Government have to the credit of the Bank, they hold £9,742 9s. Bd. 21 per cent, consolidated stock on account of those of our depositors who have invested in stock. The business done by the Bank during the past year must be considered very satisfactory-18,771 transaction in tbe year having taken place, the largest number the Bank has ever made ; and 730 new accounts have been opened in the year, resulting in an increase of 221 in accounts, and the to:al number of our depositors now is 11,126. £7,231 12s. 3d. interest has been credited the dery eit”rs' accounts, and the amount due to them is £307,236 3s. 91., and increase in amount of £11;594 18s. lu. for the year. The Government Inspectors have during the year attended at the Bank, and we are pleased to state that the business is conducted properly under the pro- ' visions of the Acts of Parliament. The extracted list of depositors' balances, certified by the auditor, is placed on the Bank counter during the hours of business, and any depceitor may personally satisfy himself that the amount in his pass book is certified to the Government as being to his credit. A copy of the Government certificate is given with this, certifying an amount being with them much larger than the amount we are due to our deposi- tors, and the original certificate may be seen at the Bank by any depositor desiring to see it. Being able to present so favourable a report is some encouragement to us in superintending the working of this provident institution, and seeing that the depesitors are properly secured for the amount lodged with us. The facilities offered, we think, are ample. The Bank is opened daily for receiving or paying—sums as low as a shilling are received. Fifty pounds mil be deposited in one year, and £2OO in the whole : £2OO may be received in one year for investment in G .vernment stock; payments are made on demand up to £lO, and any larger amount at a week's notice. Ths increased limit of deposit is highly appreciated, and we trust careful people in our district will continue to see the advantage of making use of this old established Savings Bank." The report was signed ley Major Picksnere and Mr. William Long. The CHAIRMAN then matted "That the statement of accounts prepared by the Actuary and examined by the auditor, is approved,and copies are directed to be trans- mitted to the National Debt Commissioners and to the Committee of Inspection, and that the duplicate state- ment be publicly affixed in the Savings Bank." In doing so he said that he was delighted to inform them that at last they had got over £300,000 due to the depositors. For some years the trustees bad been wishing to reach this amount, and it was some gratification to be able to report such a large amount being deposited by the pro- vident and sensible people in the town and neighbour- hood. When their Actuary was appointed the amount was just over £200,000, and he was sure he was pleased at the growth of the Bank by £lOO,OOO during his con- trol of the business. Another satisfactory feature was the large increase in the number of depositors. In the same time that they had increased in amount by £loo,ooo,they had doubled the number of their accounts. There were now 10,799 individual depositors, 139 triendly societies, 178 charitable societies, and ten penny banks using the Bank, totalling 11,126 accounts. The Government held to their credit a much larger amount than tbrey owed the depositors and the safety of their money lodged was be- yond question. Parents should encourage their children in provident habits, 'and he knew of no better way than opening an account for them with their Bank, and per- suading them to deposit their savings. The systematic habit of saving was the best.To those who determinedly come weekly,or monthly,the result was always satisfac- tory to themselves. (Applause.) The past has been one of the most prosperous years he had bad. His great desire had been that the amount deposited should reach £300,000. That had been done, and it spoke well for a population of from 50,000 to 60,000 thap such a large sum of money should be deposited in the Savings Bank. He hoped they would continue to increa.se,and that they would have an institution with which they were de- lighted, and which was a real benefit to the town and neighbourhood. (Applause.) Mr. WILLI= LONG seconded the motion, which was supported by .Mr. J. H. FLEMING, and heartily agreed to.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THANKS TO THE COMMITTEE.

The Rev. H. V. PIGOT moved" That the report of the Committee of Management is approved, and that this meeting acknowledges the valuable services rendered to the institution by the gentlemen acting on the commit- tee during the past year. and tenders its best thanks to I them." Continuing, he remarked that the statement of the accounts was eminently satisfactory, and the report of the committee had given them all much pleasure. The bank was conducted on a perfectly sound basis, and it was gratifying to know that instead of losing ground they were increasing every year. There were indica- , dons of prosperity to Warrington, and the present was ' the first year for the last ten years in which the amount deposited had exceeded the amount withdrawn. That was a hopeful feature, and showed that they had begun to have brighter times in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) Mr. E. L. frmanio seconded the motion, and said it would be gratifying if they could get a little more in- terest for their money. He supposed there was no pos- sible chance of investing their money except in Govern- ment securities. If there was a chance of investing in municipal securi lies the public of Warrington would get more for their money.

The motion was agreed to, and Mr. LoNo, in acknowledging the compliment on behalf of the Committee of Management, said that it was a great encouragement to them to know that their services were appreciated. The work of the Bank was carried on con amore, and with a single eye to the benefit of the people generally. There was one sequel to the remarks of the Chairman, which spoke very well for the present position of Warrington,and for the thriftiness of a large portion of the inhabitants. The increase in the War- rington Savings Bank did not appear to be a large amount. In 1885 they had £290,000 deposited, now the amount was £17,000 more. But during the last 20 years it should be remembered that the Post Office Sav- ings Bank had been in existence. In that Bank, it appeared that the depositors numbered 5,744, and the amount of looney deposited was £57,500, so that they would see Warrington had progressed much mere quickly with regard to its habits of thriftiness than the single report of the Savings Bank, in Buttermark-st. showed. He could only say in responding to the vote of thanks that it was not the Committee of Management which deserved their thanks alone,but they were well and ably supported by the Actuary and the other officers of the Bank. (Hear, hear.) Much credit was no doubt due to them for its successful management. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18951221_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN AND VICE•CHAIRMAN,

Mr. JOHN GEDDES moved that Mr. John Richard Pickmere be re-elected chairman and Mr. William Long vice-chairman for the ensuing year. This was seconded by the Rev. Canon WILLIS, who remarked that the offices just named could not be in better hands. It was an especial pleasure to him (the Rector) to see Major Pickmere amongst them once more after his illness. (flear, hear). The past year had been a most successful one, and it was pleasing to find that the profitable habits of the people were on the increase. The motion was heartily agreed to, and the CHAIR- MAN briefly acknowledged the compliment on behalf of himself and Mr. Long.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SIMOESTED REMOVAL OF THE RANK PREMISES.

Mr. F. Mosacs moved "That the following managers be elected to join the trustees on the Committee of Management for the ensuing year :—The Revs. John Yonge and W. H. Drummond, Messrs. John Peers, J. H. Fleming, Thomas Whittle, John Harrison, Charles Jack- son Holmes, and Henry Roberts." Mr. Monks said there was one matter to which he wished to refer, and about which he would like an expression of opinion, and that was as to the desirability of moving the Bank business. They had a reserve fund of from £4,000 to £5,000, which could not be used unless for some useful purpose in connection with the Bank. The present build- ing was very uncomfortable. The room in which they were then assembled was a very poor one for a com- mittee to meet in. It was cold, and uncomfortable in every way, and he did not believe in spending any more money on the present premises. They had spent quite enough to have built a new bank in the centre ot the town. The present position, whatever it might have been in 1822, was not a very central position to-day,and he believed that there were premises in the centre of the town which, if acquired, would add very much to the facilities of business as well as to the comfort of the officers. He should be pleased to have an expression of opinion on the matter, as he be'ieved they should pos- sass premises which would meet their future require- ments. Whatever else might be said about Post-office Savings Banks, it would be admitted that there was such a good deal of redtapeism about the Government and all its institutions that he believed their own Savings Bank was supplying a long-felt want. (Hear, hear.) Mr. D. W. FINNEY seconded the motion which was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF THANKS.

The CHAIRMAN moved that a vote of thanks be given to the Actuary and the other officers of the institution for their valuable services during the past year. This was not a mere formal matter, as he believed no Bank in the kingdom had better officers. (Hear hear, and applause.)

===== 0002601_18951221_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
A JAPANESE COMMERCIAL INVASION OF THE UNITED STATES.

Wasainovon. MONDAY.—In the Senate to-day Mr. Stewart, speaking on the subject of a pending resolution for the appointment of the commission to investigate the needs of labour and agriculture, predicted an inva- sion of Oriental products. lie valid that Japanese agents were now in the United States offering bicycles,matches, door and window sashes, cooperage, hats, gloves, and other wearing apparel at 50 per cent.below the prices of the same articles made in the United States.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIPBUILDERS' DISPUTE.

On Saturday a ballot was taken by the Glasgow and Clyde Bank eagineers with reference to the terms offered by the masters at the recent Conference. Only 112 of the Glasgow men voted for the acceptance of the terms, 1,557 voting in favour of their rpjec ion. The Clyd frank men rejected the offer by 315 votes to 10. There is, therefore, little prospect of the dispute between the shipbuilders on the Clyde and at Belfast and their en- gineers being settled before January. Lord James, the Lord Provost of Glasgow, and the Lord Mayor of Belfast are'of opinion that no good is likely to follow the callins, together of the members of the conference which recently met in Glasgow. Great distress prevails both in Glasgow and Belfast.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
EUROPEAN NAVIES COMPARED.

In a speecla delivered a few months ago, the Italian Minister of Marine made a statement to the effect that the naval expenditure of Italy was laid out with much better discernment than that of other Powers. England spent five times as much money, yet her naval power was only three and a half times that of Italy ; France spent three times the money of Italy, and had a naval power only equal to twice that of Italy ; Russia's naval strength was about equal to that of Italy, with double the expenditure ; and Germany spent the same as Italy, and had an inferior naval force.

It is interesting to compare the above with the follow- ing, culled from a newspaper : " in naval circles, much interest has been aroused by a discussion as to the relative cost of British and foreign ironclade, and though calculations made by German ex- perts differ to some extent frem those made at White- hall, it is agreed, first, that we build more cheaply than foreigners,and, secondly,that the cost of construction at our Government dockyards has diminished. Mr. White asserts that, while the Royal Sovereign class of 14,000 tons cost on an average £775,000, the United States lowa, of 11,000 tons cost £900,000, while France pays from £900,000 to a million for ea first-class battleship,and Italy and Russia each a million. Taking typical ironclads, German authorities give the British expenditure at £6O per ton. American at £7B, and Ger- man and French at from £B7 to £9O. Then, comparing the present with the past, twenty years ego the In- flexible, which displaces 2,300 tons less than the Royal Sovereign, is slower by four knots an hour, and less powerful, altogether cost £812,000, or £40,000 than the newer ironclad. In all these cases, speed of construc- tion is considered an important factor in producing the difference in cost."

===== 0002601_18951221_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS.

The longest night of all the year, And gloomy shortest day ; On the eve of Merry Christmas, Again have passed away. Gladly we rest a HUI, while From every toil and care, And for the welcome holiday, We joyfully prepare. Forgiving all unkindness now, That grieved us in the past ; Without a thought of enmity, For love will come at last. With homage still we think of Him, The Nazirine who bore Through death the saving love divine, Though crown of thorns he wore. Who told us of a better state, From all our vices free ; Where sympathy and truthfulness, Shall reign in purity. Throughout all time His spotless life, By men revered will be ; Who brought us hopes of peace and love, And immortality.

Warrington, Dec. 1895.

S. KENYON,

===== 0002601_18951221_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

GREAT SANKEY PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.—A meeting ot the Great Sankey Parish Council took place on Mon- day evening in the Board Schools, Great Sankey, Mr. W. P. Skelton presided, and there were present—Messrs. H. Bate (vice chairman), George Thompson, T. Halton. J. 1 Pairclough, W. H. L. Gorse, J.Kilshaw, and J. Wright (clerk and assistant overseer). The Chairman produced a statement showing how the fund of RI forming the Parish dole, had been distributed. It was the only fund continued the chairman, which the Council had the pleasure of distributing, and the allowances had been paid according to toe conditions, which stipulated that only those widows who resided in the parish, and who had received relief within the past twelve months,should be entitled to the money.—Mr. Thompson asked if any thing had been done with reference to Barnes' Bridge ? —Mr. Bate replied that be had heard nothing from Mr. John Thompson, the Surveyor to the Warrington Dis- trict Highway Board, to whom he had mentioned the matter on more than one occasion. He did not think the Highway Board was the responsible body ; it would rather more likely be for the County Council to deal with.—The Chairman thought a. recommendation from the Highway Board or of the Parish Council was neede.i. The bridge certainly wanted improving very badly. The side of the bridge abutted too much upon the footpath, and was very dangerous to pedestrians. If he were to walk against it, and were to injure himself, he should certainly enter an action for damages either against the Highway Board, the County Council, or whoever was the responsible authority. He suggested that it be a recom- mendation to be Clerk to write to the Highway Commit- tee of the County Council calling attention to the dangerous condition of the bridge, and the desirability lof having it remedied as early as possible.—Mr. Thompson proposed, and Mr. Halton seconded, a resolution to this effect, and it was carried.— Mr. Halton said there was another bridge he would like to call the attentiota of the Council to, and that was the one leading to Whittle's farm. It was in a very dan- gerous condition.—The Chairman thought it was a pri- vate bridge, and, therefore, not a matter for their inter- ference.—Mr. Halton said it was a public footpath, and it should be attended to. The bridge was more dangerous than Barnes' Bridge. It wanted building up at the sides. —The Chairman suggested that the attention of Lord Lilford's agent should be drawn to the dangerous con- dition of the bridge, although he had always been under the impression that it was a private road, and that con- sequently it. was not their business t. interfere. This course was adopted, on the motion of Mr. Halton, se- conded by Mr. Bate.—On the proposition of Mr.llalton, seconded by Mr. Thompson, it was decided to lurchese a tin deed box for the purpose of storing the Clerk's papers and books, the cost of such box not to exceed £1 lg.—Mr. Thompson gave notice that at the next meeting of the Council he intended to move that the Council should try to dispose of the parish chest which they had recently gained possession of. It would fetch much more than would be required to pay for the tin box, and it was serving no practical purpose now.—The meeting then Closed.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMII.

PRIMROSE LEAGUE MEETING.—On Monday evening a soire- was held in connection with the above League in the Assembly Room, Conservative Club, Lymm. The chair was occupied by Mrs. U. Greenall, ruling coun- cillor. There were also on the plitforrn—Mrs.Callender, Mrs. N ,rris, Mrs. E. Crosfieid, and Mr. Henry Ackerley, K.C.P.L. After speeches by Mrs. Greenall and Mr. Ackerley, Mr. T. P. Norris proposed a vote of thanks to Mr.Ackerley, and spoke in high terms ot his work during the recent election. This was s,conded by Mr. F. Swallow, and heartily agreed to. A vote of thanks was also accorded to Mrs. Greenall, on the motion of Mr. A. L. Callender. A musical programme was then gone through by Mis Kate Sinclair and Mr. W. R. Duncan, songs, duets, pianoforte solos, and humorous selections being rtmdered in excellent style. Ft-Se artistes con- cluded their programme with an amusing dramatic dia- logue, entitled " Sympathy," much mirth being caused during the performance. The remaining portion of the evening was devoted to dancing, which was kept up with much spirit until an early hour on the following morning.

---.........r.....

GIFT FOR THE DAdESBIIRY POOR.

The usual parcel of neediework !IBS just been received at the Vicara,e, from the West Cheshire Needle Guild, through Mrs. Lyon and Miss Tinley. The articles contained therein will be cbstributed smongst the deserving poor of the parish by Mrs. Whitley, THE DARESDURY SCHOOL ENDOWMENT FUND. _ _

A meeting ot the governors of aireshury School Endowment Fund was held at the Vicarage on. Tuesday, when there were present—Mr. Philip Derbyshire (chairman), the Rev. T. Whitley. Messrs. Henry Mawdaley, John Cooper, and R. Earp, C.C., The statements ofeccounts already paid were read and considered. The distribution of the money prizes to the schools at Daresbury, Preston Brook, Moore and Hatton was next discussed, and it was ultimately decided to make the distribution at Daresbury School on Monday, the 6th January, at Hatton School on Tuesday afternoon, at Moore School on IVeinesday afternoon. and at Preston Brook School on Thursday afternoon. It was also unanimou,ly decided that this year the prizes at the infant schools will be given in money, and not in clothing as heretofore. The meeting then ter- minated. BRICK STREET MISSION BAND OF HOPE SOCIETY. The young women in connection with the above society did tl ernselves credit in the catering for the third entertainment given in the schoolroom on Tuesday, the various items of the programme being very creditably rendered; There was a large atten- dance, presided over by Mrs. Councillor Henry Roberts whose choice and feeling address was listened to with close attention. The following re- cited; Masters James Wrench,Thomas Hill, Samuel Gallop, Misses Lily Looker, Elizabeth Gallop, Bessie Shaw, Elizabeth Jackson, and Annie Heywood. Soloist, Master Isaac Shaw. Two choruses by the juvenile choir were sung with pleasing effect. Duets entitled " Sweet Music," and " Home Sweet Home,' were rendered by Misses Annie Warburton and Mary Ellen Gallop. The morals of the dialogues "The Children's Cnoice,' "Be true to the Pledge," and " The Outcome of Firmness," were very clear and pointed, the re-pec- tive characters being ably sustained by those taking part. A hearty vote of thanks was given to Mrs. Roberts for presiding, to which she suitably tea- ponder]. A pleasant evening entertainment termin- ated with the,minging of the doxology.

PPP-'S 0000k.--GRergVin IND CONIVIRTING —" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of dig •stion and nutrition, and by a careful vppliev ion of the fine properties of well-seleeted Cocoa., Hr. Hpos has provided for our hr -akfaid and supper a delicately fl rvoured beverage wh eh may save us many heavy do tors' HI el It Is br the judicieui use of su h articles if diet that a con-titutiorf may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. We mar escape msny a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves wet fortill •d with -.ore blood and a properly nourished frame." —Ci ii Service Gazette.— Made simply sv,th boiling water or milk.—Sold on y In packets cud pound tins by Or cars label d—'• JAME 2 EPPs & CO Ltd., liornceopathic Chemists. London."—Ales makers of Eppa's Coq:trine or Cocoa-Nib Hatred : A thin beverage of full flavour, now wiihmany beneficially taking the place of tea. Its active principle being a gmtie nee, e stimulant, upplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the sys Pm.

UrTUßH.—lmportant Notice.—S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Specklist, still remains at the old address His only address in London—namely, 64 Chancery Lane, W.C. Send for his new book of full information Md. post free.—,ldt.

TOBACCONISTS rommenclng ; hid. guide and Catalogue 29 pages) 3O TOBACCONISTS'OIJTFITTING CO.-186, Ruston- load. London. (Mgr), Hr. ../YEBS.

(477/465076 ,eet&nsi • ye rtizzizt DIV NASH AND CO dF.JAT DUKIN(I 113 km-usu. Reagant, Cooling Aperient tor Children of all Ages. Try there and vove their value isr yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, is. lfd. and 2+. 94.. or post free 14 or 34 stamps, from ,ole Proprietors PRITCHARDS LTD. CHE VINT. CHEADLE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWLE'S _CHLORODYNE,

INVALUABLE F(ilt • COUGHS, BRONCHITIS S: ASTHMA.. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE gives'instant relief iq Corisumption Diarrhcea, &c. Towle's Cholorodyne. for 24 doses. TAKE NO OTHER.

'What'll she like best?' • "I want to give here little tr.at for Cini,tmas or New Year's Day' and I wonder what she will like." This happy and geod-natared wish is toe multitude of generous minds, just now Well, we know sne dearly loves a little caddy ot Brooke Bond's Delicious Teas,

and we ran assure you that for onl a very few shill- ings spent ch.erfullv on one of BR .OICE, BONDS' CELEBRATED CHRISTMAS CANISTERS, yin will give her the greatest reat and gratify her better than any other way. SO just go. now. More you forget it, to any one of OUR TriousANns OF AGENTS an order one of the fol- lowing to be sent on Christmas Eve or for New year's Day Then you will realise what a pod kind deed you've done, and you'll deserve the good luck it will bring yon. 3I1). CANISTER OF MOST A,MTRABLE TEA, 53. 3 „ MOST DESIRABLE „ 63. MOST SUMPTUOUS 61b. PI MOST ADMIRABLE .. 108. 6 „ MOST DE-IRABLE , 12s.

MOST SUMPTUOUS carri.ge-pail by us on 61b5 and .pwards, by rail or post, to 1411 V address in the Kingdom. Any ot our c leb,at .d Teas t any of the welt- known pricn Is.. Is id.. Is 4d.. Is. 83. 28.. 2s. 4d. and 2s Si. a ft., parked by us in all-s zed parcels, muisters and b,xes, are most highly appreciar.ed CHRISTMAS GIFTS.

-417. 40.1 1"46 I 'ldr • •;12.- 7.0- %.0 AT o‹k „ OAP-

"The most marvellong soap of the arz. for T,aneflry, Bath, Toilet. Dialafeetl rapidly, Antlseotie. NMI-injurious, washes without rubbing or labour. Saves blueing "uresTibeumatiarn Refreshes the -Uri n „ Whotesal e .g'nta n Warrin ,t on N B P'RCIVL aril Co, Sole Maaer, F. L. BART ELT Reyneham,l3ristol."

===== 0002601_18951221_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
IROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD.

THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES 17. PICCATILLV, 29. MARKET STREET MANCHESTER.

I

•+f, . •

I

. .

I

I

:4,

r

;.`

•

1

f;.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18951221_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
11 oirttstir Atrbants, Szt.

WANTS.% a clean, strong GENERAL SERVANT.— Apply MRS. Colm,3l,llovrerd-strect,Bcoles New Road, Salford.

WANTED good GENERAL, able to wash, two in Lox* Good kone.—Apply PENDLEI3IrRY, 92. Embden-at.. Mame, Manchester. -

WANTED, immediately, GENEhAL, about 16; good home; no washing.—Mß. 0. BYRNE, Eulme Bar- racks, Manchester.

SBRVANTS with good refereace WANTED, for all kinds o situations ; good wages; no charge till suited.—Eaors- THY, 51, Church-8t ,Egremont.

IVANTED a strong Sli NVANT GIRL; able to wash good home.—Apply 2, KnoTr LANE, Cheetwood, Strangeways, Manchester.

IVANTEb, strong General SERVANT (family 3), good wages, references.—Etre. FA 11.21 DALE, 7, Brudenell Grove, Royal P rk-road, Leeds.

WANTED, GENERAL (experienced), 20 or over; house- maid and boy albo kept.—Apply, Mks. PEARSON, Weattun7 Rouse, Market Drayton.

ALL CLASSES Superior Servants requiring reliable ill SITUATIONS for New Tear sbonici write, Mrs. READ'S Select Registry, Rusholme. Manchester. - .. NITANTB 1C D. 000-ROUSEREEPER, 2 in family; £4O; V Laundrymaid, £2O; ratiourmaid, £23; Nursehouse- maids, Waitresaes.—RAYCOCK Cbester-street, Wreitham.

107 ANTED, an excerie7,ced NURSE, age 25, wilbng to do a little lint housework. Also a thorough GENERAL. —Address HAMSTEAD, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

WANT hD, good plain CUO.K. oteatartr, good references. —Apply statingage, wages, fail particulars, Ac.—Mrs. Blitow, B. caviour's Rectory. Manchester.

GENERAL WANTED. strong, active, good character, age about, 29.—Mrs TAYLOR, St. Mary's Vicarage, Lower Ince. near Wigan.

HOP elfilt, AClrdri CY for Siii:VAINITS, Burtou-orr- Trent, has several Plain Cooks and Housemaids disen- gaged. wishing to live together. two are ready for situations at once.

COOKS. HOUSEMAIDS, rauLourt-Ati DS, and superior GENEEALS may De suited immediately. —Mie3 Runs°les Regiatry, iriam-street, NV arrington. References required.

/‘TALE and FEMALE NURSES LH kUTION, 70, Hope- i street, Liverpool. —Establ shed lE7d. For reliable Attendants. Mentat, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegr .ph.--• • urses," Liverpool.'i elephone, 570

===== 0002601_18951221_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
aant.

Atag W S]) ANT to push th a st-e.' is klichinery Oils. Liberal Commisdon.—Box 31, Poet Office, Liverpool.

WASTUD, sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for °sawn cure. J. ASHWORTII, Baxter Claorley.

AGIDI Ca WAND everywhere, salary £8 monthly and m eumissio..; samples teae.--iLILLEa. 9, tiorace-road, 11, loorest Gate, Lmdon.

15 Elm ei,NT. to parties calling upot iJaera of STEAM POWttft.—Addreas " OIL," care of LEE mild .flienivr- GALE, Liverpool.

Y 0 LING ?lAN WANTSD, 35s par wee andvommtMoo. hegular work, eplauoid oveuing. a.ddreas UODIPO WORS.9, lissusvorth, Bolton, Lauer.

BUSLNEIS WANTSD.—Wauted Small Put. Its luu or Beer Itou,e, must b..sr investqaiou.—A. .tIEVILTT, 10, Vatetta Grove. rtalsOuw, Loudott la. • .7-O—B—ACCJii.IIaT-S----...om—me-nciaL:Ro, Guide and t;stBto4u' -1 t2oa p4gto 341.—TollACCoNiT3 U urVITTLNO Cu., iott .11iustou-ros4 Load. bob. ldad ; Alauag,r, 11Y. SISIts.

POSTAUIS dfAMWekilEll to purchase an old coi- lection..f Wad varieties. high pnues paid ; duulicate sits° for saki o V. £JILK, WebLhOllfl6 Yorks.

rruA Tr;A t WA.N.1,111), re,pouktbie AtiNN'ES _L• 2,1 pusu the C el):e.i .K 6 tvvin, and country.—Appk, r,......:1:11•11. 67 lienuiagt6u, •

AGYNT., 11 Loratou throu t ghou the Lltutest Kingdom to GALL hopkeepers. Appoitue ntent worth ko per week to euergU 01. l'ur partwu.ard address SIATTEIL AND oUN, bta-atue, ColoLee,,er. _

AGANTSWNTUthroughuut Ui. United hingdom to Bell an article in daily dencuhd ; anLiry inuoitny and cornmission ; sAmples free. —Ajdre.is (TIALEIL, Ilursen- road, Foredt Gate, Lotiduti.

NV.l.S6bilt for various towns.—Clidstian Girl rcorn- mende persevering niscl respectable. to Sell Itebgious Magazine from licuse to hou.e.—Apply by letier. 94. UPPER STANHOPE-BTUE er,Livvrpool.

CITUATION WANTl4l).—Vtanted MAINAGENISNT of 1..7 GOFF ISE TAVuttla or CLUb by MAliltllill well Up in every branch (or would rent). one let-down or closed rrtferred.—J. if liartialie, 56, itussell-street, 'ark- Plidstuw, London B.

NVANTED, a few smart Men of unquestionable charazter and ability, for a leading Willi titial Life Assurance Offi2e. To men who can show a good record, wili be liberally dealt with.—apply by letter, enclosing copy oh lestirnoulals (which will be treated -s confidential), •• District Idanager,' Highfield, Radcliffe. Manctmliter.

Eo be Let.

Fustian% COTTACiIi.S. 28. Bd. per week.

:ON STREET. SMALL WORKS in centre of town.

MARKET GATEL-3-Storey WAREHOUS it E ; £l5. Su Plumber or Painter. sO.—Apply Mr. RolMitC LOWE, Estate Ageilt, Market CiaLe.

22 IHITTERMAIMBI-STlOsHt—Large SHOP and 9 Yard ; £.SD.

I) usaci-srnEET : Lovely-tane, 6 Roomed homes, re decorated 6d. 58. and 4s 6d,

LYTIIGOI4I3-LANS Good Cottage 43,6 d. s Apply, ROBERT LOWP:. Estate Agent. Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone-140. 66.

pIiNKHTH.—TO LET. SHOP and HOHSE.—Apply JAMES IHILLENGTON, H,atti-road.

PPiiILSONS WANTING. HOUSLid. SHOPS &a., in Black pool should write.-- WILLIAM RAW/Zig. lb, Foxtiat Square, Blackpool.

(Ii '— 0 Bel Li Tor 80LO, OALLANI-LANig FOUNDRY WARRINGTON, as a going concern,at present used for ;he manufacture of Fire Grates, Ranges, Ace. Stock and patterns at valuation ; railw iy siding in a ork S.—Apply.Mr, WHEAT LOWE Ksiate Agent, Warrington, T. No. 56.

O LET.—G,,od WOlilitloe. OrKurd-&.—Appty ASHTO 1_ and Woona, Sotioitora, lioreemarket-at., Warrington.

fro LHT.—OOOd °COE, 31, Hopwood-street, 3 bedoooini J. Apply ASHTON and VI 00139, .uliettor, Horsemsrkot-$. Warrinuton.

4„VOCICTON ,usea composed of four bedrooms kJ two sitting rooms, bath-room. w.c., kitchen cellars, etc 'Rent £l9 I.os 41so good bays al ss. per weeii.—B,WrocK, Wlderepool, Warrthgt on.

(11HE CRITBRION, 83, Cntirch street, will be Let, on exe.i.,:lingly easy terms, tr a suitable tenant. Large trade. Best ponition tor restaurant and spirit vaults in L!verpool.—Apply b. C. A:MERTON, 101, Jale-street, Liver-

Is 4" AliiittichNeGni 05:Noil--;;:kagOoortautlbeedki Loa' Vl* r.tul'jtbtl: rLryl°,°27. HOYLE ST.. BeWeY lioAd

11T ARRINGTON. Flessant HOUSH. lobby, parlOnr,.l V kitchen, scullery gooa bedrooms, rent4s. d. iity T. TARREL ST., Howley 1.1),De.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Rloirts, pproo, oa Twig Cotabs.

•

BRIG nvoN, 117, Marine Parade. Visitors will find rest, i•omfort. and pleasant society in this beautiful house facing the sea.—laddrees ttIPT. X

QOWTHT'ORT. SITNNYSIDE 11YDRO-t js.. K. 7 BARNAItDO, desinible w late, lies denoe, one of tho laandsotnest buildings, centrally situated. replete Win) every .o,nm rt, flue sea view, near park. pier, trams, and golf links. Tarkt,h, Vapour and other Baths. Massage, Galvanism. ems worn' t gnineas.—J. Boocont, Proprietor.

•Phy•

It

Aw.

ILANDGDNO.—WEST 101) 'MAIMING ESTABLISH- MENT ; recently eniarged ; highly recommen4ted for cleanline,s, gov,d management, moderate charges, borne corn- foam ; eharmin situidion ; view of bays, close to beach, pavi!ion, pier, goit links; liberal tat-le; fine dining, drawing, adios', nd smoke rooms; no extras.—T. JESPILCOTT, pro-

LON Dun . WILD'S TEMPERA NCE HOTEL 34T0 40 LUDGATB HIIL, ALSO AT

70 Ft 71, EITSTON SQLTARX. Roma COXFOBTS, CLEVILINESS AND grtET. CENTRAL

R•R 3IIIIIIIIMI OR PLEASUItE.

giistellantous.

PUBE CEYLON 'IRA. original packages. taken for debt; cost 2s. &1., any quantity is. 11d. per lb.; sarnple 3d.— WARD, Fowler-st.. ililisbro, Yorks

BCIPB for Finest Cough Mixture discovered, sent for lb 15. Fills ten Is. 10. size bottles for 6d:—Buctuxelt AND Co., Battenhall, Worcester.

Oo SALT, 31.1NUItlt WORKS. Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton mu. Derbyshire.—Apply to J..I.IOSRISG, 16, Fenwieu-ttreet, Liverpool.

QMALL PACKAGES shipped to all parts of the world at Li low:st possible pricas.—CIIARLES ALLAN, Shipping Agent, 110. Leadenhall-street. London.

FOR SALE, 5 1101JSES.Franees-terrace,Lovely-lane, War rlngton. In good repair, low ground rent.—Apply J. LONGLAND, Solicitor, Warrington. OR ellIDS; cheap. w—eligrown. Crierrigyise Crlstata, puking flower spikes end other showy kinds—Apply HEAD GARDENEE, Spetehle".y. Bitterne, Southampton. it

1111111 ARHOT.—Talliing. grey; massive drawing-room cage. A.. 30s. ; through ill-health ; also clever Indian,with cage, 12s. 6d.—J. SW. H., 65, HoLrinsr-sr., 8., Liverpool. x

13ILES.—Bocldy's Patent Ointment Cures all outward Piles 1 in 2or 3 days. Post frer,with testimonials is. 21., only one trial solieited.—W. BODDY. Bradford, Yorks.

A STHOLOGY. —Business prospects, marriage. &c., Is. ; /I. Partner described, 74.; send bi.tb-time, description or thuto.—Mr. JAMS. 1, Corn Exchange-st., Cambridge. x

I.4ILASTIC sluCKINus, Mtn; Qualities, Thread 3s. 6d.' .1.1 Silk 63.. each post free, direct from the Maker, W.H. MADDOCK, Ahred-street South ; Bottingbam. Ifvery Article guaranteed. Cheaper Qualities to order.

ADIES.—A Message for You!!! In all cases of 1..4 Irregularities and Obstructlow, however obstinate and long standing, t-y the MIRACULOUS and never-fai log Remedv.known all over the world as irike.MAlL's SPECIFIU. Thousands of testimonials testifying to the Wonderful Cases that have been relieved by this UNEQUALLED and MOoT POWERFUL M RDICIN O. A Lady writes t —•• Your Medicine is truly wondlrful. My case was a tearfully obsti- nate one." Most reliable information and copies if testi- monials (which are guaranteed genuine under a penalty of £100) upon receipt of stamped envelope to A. DAS MAIL, 376, Langdale, Walthamstow. Established nearly 60 years. x

A MOUSTACHIC Youthfal, vigorous, natural, and .C 1 speediest growth possible, Is. —F. MELROSE, 19, May- ton-st., London, N.

QBNB rtAL, 20 to 22. wanted in January, must plain cook and wash small family.—Apply Mrs. Monk, MB, Liverpool-road, Birkdale, Southport.

VIOLIN STRINGS, the finest manufsdured from 6e. 6d. V per bundle of 30. sent all over the world, list free.—E. RACE, Regent-st., Douglas, Isle of Men. -

LINGRAVING on Gold, Silver, Ivory, dm., name or initials 6d.. with address Is. Brass 'Yates for all purposes.— COWEN, 50, Sir Thomas-et., Whitechapel, Liverpool.

rVETH HUMAN PHONOGRAPH.—Tom Neal, humourist .1 and mimic open for engagements for concerts, bazaars, etc.—Terms address, NEAL, 2, Shmstone-st . Liver) 001.

JRON TANK, 18ft. 51 n. by sft. tiln. by sft. 6n., in 25 seg- ments, in good condition ; owners having no further need of it.—On view at ELus'S, 29, Seel-street, Liverpool.

HOME BMPLOYMENT.—PIain writers preferred, either sex, for Book Agency Corrtspondence ; no canyaming. specimen cony and Instructi,ms. h.; good payment ; genuine.—CasorgYand Co., B-amont-road, London. N.

KEATING'S COUGH. LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

T. & W C ROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-STREET, WAARINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONaTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ESTIMATED FOR.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
prtetor.

Ebe eraillintr " &trite

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coraingrinder the following heart.. Ire inserted in ALL th above-mentioned Papers for OZ. CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITEATIONS WANTED, APARTISEN TO HE LET. SITVATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSRII WAN, ED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MoNax WARTF.D, PECIZIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, MOUSER AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 45 54 The above charges are for PREPA7MENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2.3. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
road,

• : . , ~ • - • ,

,

WIWI

===== 0002601_18951221_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18951221_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
TB E EX .A INFR SATURDA Y, DECEMBER, 21, 1895

• 4Eiorellantous.

POOPERS,—Wanted, a few good COOPERS, accustomed V to general work preferred.—Gkonak YHELPEI, and Co., Swansea.

SUFFERE RS from Indigestl n, Nervous Weakness, Zte.— Send stamped envelope to Mr. jd.RDINE, Stoneyrock, Lteds, for one week's free treatment of &phodena.

OIN SALE, 400 WATER CASKS, 200 to 250 gallons each.— JOHN HOWORTH, cask dealer, 20, Lewis.st., Nelsoi-st., Rochdale-road. Manche.ter.

WANTED, COOK General. for January 2 ; three in family ; wages £l6; washerwoman fortnightly.— Mrs. WOOD, 26, Chatham Grove, Withington, Manchester.

ON.THLY. GIVBN FREE. Dress Lengths. Bm. Spe- c.alite Stirch ; makes linen like china, 3d.— LABORATORY, Fairfield, Manchester. II -11 D —DEBTS. —A very successful form for collecting bad debts 6 stamps, or exchange Is. genuine.—EDWARD PALMER. Hyghnic Bakery. Brandon, Suffolk.

HOLESALIi BOOT W IREHOUSE. 128, KENSINGTON- -SeTtd-Yeael-tlrde,fam3a-, X vrili maid yen 'Tine pair of Kid Lace or Button Boots value 4s. 114., retail, any size; for is. 3d one pair Leather Slippers value 2s. 64.

AMi

Eibv,t)toth, &r.

-

f

FOB SALE, Baker's patent MANGLB, In good condition; no reasonable offer refused.—Apply 2. PITT-STREET, Cnester.

FIRE! FIRE!I• FIRE!!! W. P. & W. SKELION LTD. WARRINGTON.

During the reconstruction of JUBILEE BUILD- INGS, BUSINESS in all branches will be carried on as ueual in the OLD MARKET BALL, On and after TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MAY 18th. Temporary offices are taken in 110 USEMARKET- STREET, adjoining the late premises, where all orders and Inquiries will be promptly attended to.

4)ales bp attricon.

illoiral instrumnits.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Aitaner.

Vtiblirationg.

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. TUE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD Ingle Sheet, 6ft. 3m, by 3ft. 9in. THE LARGEST ii THE DISTRICT.

A aIONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining mMer ot the" LEVIATHAN " SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTE.RS. Produced in the Count MAMMOTH POSTERS. SPECIALITIES: ENVELOPES FROM 2s. PER 15 000 _ • a 1 THE NEW REGULATION POST kjARD, WITH PRINTED HEADING,

FROM 3/9 PER 1,000.

TILE EXAMINER SERIES OF

Vouftri,, scr;

POULTRY and FIGEON PENS for Sale or hire; also tarpaulins, rick covers, marquees, teats, flags, shelds..— JONATHAN JONES, Swansea.

HOLDEN'S ROUP PILLS cure Disease in Poultry. Pheasants, and Pigeoris; post friss, 9, n. or 21 stamps. No advertising cram.—HOLDEN, Chemist, Barnsley.

MINORCA t_OCKERRLS at RICHARD RATIMONWS, Stockton Heath,all prize strain birds from Butterfields, Hopkins and Hunters, good birds, inspection Invited,—

ipu Rwast% 3kerbottal, &e.

• :NUAR L I ME-ST FiEßT.—Oldrestablished Free SPIRIT VAULTS .long fair trade. Rental £45. Ingoing £5O. —E.G. ANDERTON. 101, Dale-street, Liverpool.

iE Duration.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

: , •

, Childreu's Coughs aud'Co;Cut P

, night mind. nny, cal ' Canrint; Ve-beateti

prasen'

11106

EMMI

E. A. DAVIES, 301 LOVVHILL, LIVERPOOL. Close to liengler's Cirque, JEWELLERY AND WATCHMAKER.

PRESSING ANNOUNCEMENT. SALE. USEISTAIAS SALE. SPECIAL OFFSRS. DECIDED BARCtAINS. Comprisinz :- HIGH-CLASS NEW AND SECONDHAND LADIES" LND GENTS' GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND GEM ENGAGEMENT RINGS. LARGE SELECTION OF LADIES' AND GENTS' SOLID GOLD ALBERT GOLD BROCKHIES BRACELETS, BANULES. STUDS. LINKS. ELECTED AND SILVER PLATE. CHOICE GOODS. EXCEEDINGLY MARVELLOUS OFFER-.. COMPARE THE VALUE WITH OTHER HOTTSER.

"MOS. 1111aShL CS OH LIIOII-,TILEE T. 30-GUINEA PRESENTATION GENT'S 18-CARAT GoLD HUNTING CHRONuOkAPH KiinlidS LEVER, with Maker's Re- ceipt. _ _

216 .1 . 8 Special Bargain for Denies, Pure lingßah S. threequarter plate, Liverpool make, by the above celebrated makers, mounted in =salve 18-carat (namp proof), phun polished hunting cases. This grand, watch is construeted upon the Is ghost points of mechanical accuracy and is guaranteed by mAkers and our:elves for 25, years to 5 seconus per mouth. Note.—The following is a copy of a reply received in an- swer to inquiries respecting the above watch :- 12, Church street, Live pool, Nov. 29, 1896. Dear Sir,—ln reply to pair inquiry the watch was sold in the ordinary way ot business. It lea modern waled, built with the utmost care, and all improverneuts up to date, in- cluding extra jewelling in hard stones, thus calculating to last a litetime,—Yours truly: laosiss RUSSELL &WIN.

7-GUINEA GENT.'S LONG-LINK SOLID GOLD r ALBERT. 23 16s. ri:i:voy solid ent.( lgtol di eawt m' pmeaas everyiv , lthick,in three small links between two long links. A most extraor- dinary offer; cannot be repeated. Call and inspect. Payments acc_pted. Eee windows. E A. Davies, 30, Lowhill, 20-GUINEA 18-CT. GENT'S ENGLISH LEVER CENTRE- SECONDS STOP WATCH, BY JAMES MONETT. LIVERPOOL.

25 19s. 6D. ecCtorsat-One—glaircifluceungnod. kAPI-1, by above noted maker, In per eet condition; guaranteed gun timekeeper 20 years. such a fine, cheap watch can not be seen elsewhere for £5 19a 6d. Inspection

I 21OLD ALBERTS, CIOLD ALBERTS, GENT'S SLIGHTLY- 9ECOND HAND SPECIAL ‘iFF.Htts. OUR CHAINS. ARE OF' UNDOUBTED QUALITY. A WRITTEN GUAR- ANTEE WITH EVERY CHAIN, GENT'o £4 10s WA ALBERT. Js 2 9 6 D tltoo rn Gents;o ?de nfitiuhei e Sgeocl do n(d,ilala nttbl r(oequ mug Graduated Curb ALBENT, extta lung in perfect condition. tienuine Government stamp upon every link ; very special bargain. Also another Curb, in splendid condition, stamped every link, or £2 16a 6d. Also a heavy, massive stout link Curb Albert, secondhand, cost £7 10s recent ly, for £3 9s 6cl to clear. Guarantee given with every chain. The cheapest lots ever offered. Any chain sent on approval tree of charge. __

RELIABLE QUALITY IN CHAINS.

EUSSELL'S 12-GUINEA_LADTS 18-CARAT KEYLESS

LEVEN. L 1. 9 6 e For specially fine Lady's 18-carat S. D, English finished Chronometer Key- less LEVEE, threequarier-p.az e, elms A movement, jewelled in 19 actions of real rubies, full chronometer balance, with latest imprivements aid adjustments ; compensated to all changes of temperature intent brequ. t spiral timing spring. with patent safety keyless acted, and unbreakable main spring, double sunk white dial, bet in stout 16-e rat hall- marked inside and Outside cases, which are damp and dust proof ; thoroughly tested and timed io one minute per month. New twelve months ago. The strength with neat- ness displayed in this flue watch, together with exact time- keeping, presents a sample of our unequ .lied value in watches. Written guarantee for 2J tears. Exchanges made. DAVIES'S ALASVELLOITS VALUE IN LADY'S WATCHES.

GUINBAS. —JOHN K,ILLI 19, NOEIPON-ST, LIVBSPOOL, NSW GUN TI CfilPt4G WANK. WILL 190 T VARY MOSig rtiAN Tlibf aSCONDS PBS DIONI'II.

19 S. LC. —(Latest Production).—For this grand and rnt beautifully finished full plate pure English Chronomi ter-capped LIiVFJ, compen- sated and adjusted to all changes of ternprrature, extra jewelled, mounted in 3-ounce swid oilver plain polished Hunting Oasts wlihUoldjiuts. This grand '• Guy Time- keeping Watch" poisesses all those delicate points, essential for perfect timekeeping. which raises its quality to a marked degree of distinction to those offered etsewheia at the tame price. Thor iughly recominended for life time's wear Call - and inspect. 30, Low-hill.

lENGAGEMBNT RINGS. DRESS RINGS• 0110I°13 Wind OF NATURE. °`OAIIHFULLY 4BLIWTNI) BARGAINS, IiFi4'BRIID AT 50 FE UNNT. CUEAP TIIAN ANY ORE. JR WELL hit. GIi,BATEsT VALUN

_ POSSIOLD TO BD OBT AMID. glO 12S. VD. - Worth .30 Guineas.—For really beauthul fa-stoue bridiant Dia- mond HALF-HOOP, effusing prismatic colours, presenting , cue blaze of tite and brilliance, in carved 18-carat massive kohl setting.

25 7s. 6D.—sWaoprptrelB HluLine_eariso:-oDriamhi,coonacltainaind four pure white perfect brilliant diamonds and three large + size sapphires, blend.ng with such harmony as to gratify the , tastes of the must relined, mounted securely in 18-carat hall.:, marked ciaw setting, 24 12 6 6 —Worth 12 ilidneas.F —or this inagui' S. 0. ficent b-stone brilliant Diamond.), 11ALF-1100e, of restless lustre, continuing effect of brilliancri night and day, carved 18-car .t solid massive strong setting... Va`ntttl lieheaten anywhere _L , -••.- - - . • , • • ,: , L 1 ..,... _ Valued at 10 Guiness.—For handsome 6-.,>. e... Pd. stone brilliant Dia.:Jollli9, set in 18-cara4k' scrolled claw setting, undoubtedly a ring of modern taste of dazzling lustre. - -

22 12s. 6 .D.__%btej%aot-020. Gburiiranst—dFlavmetend".. every stone perfect in cut and finish, producing grand lustre and brilliancy, securely set in solid 18-carat hall-marked Waif netting; a wonfiertul ring for the money. 22 58. —Worth-estoofnere fire lustre, mounted in 18-carat solid thick gold. This ring exquisite, and shculd be seen. 21 15 —Cost 5 Guineas —Three-stone brilli.nt I. Diamond 18-carat ENGAGEMENT RING., eNtra lar,e size stone of continuous effect and beauty, la gipsy setting. 91 —Worth £3.—Our special brilliant Diamond and rd S. Sapphire ENGAGEMENT RING, mounted in Ina'''. sive 18-carat solid hall-marked gold. This ring is very neat in make and finish, anti worth three thnes the money W.,8 ask; is beinsfound to suit the majority of ta la.ates. Call a see it. 16- 6 I —Worth double.-1 ady's Diamond and nul s. D. OEMS RiNG, mounted in 18 carat ea!, gold hall-marked setting, strong, well-made, neat and rep- ' able ring. Any of the above Rings will be forwarded on approval, and money returned willingly if not as represented.

£3 '9—(Cost 9 Guineas) —For Gent's Single-stone t/S. pure First Water Brazilian DIAMOND. guaranteed to be pure white, without a speck ot flaw, beallti- tut and perfect in cut and finish, effusing those sustaining charms only obtainable in the choicest gems 1 ;planted securely in solid 18-ct. claw setting. Seekers a Such rings should call in and compare. 11 nature

CIIOIOIIII,BOLIDIGOLD 131t00011E8, from 4a, 641. to

(1110IC u SOLID GOLD 133.4.02LL1T5. from 12s. &I. 09- V./ wards,

MARVELLOUS VALUE. £2 10s. LADY'S SOLID SILVBII WATCH. 16 —For L‘dy's Solid sterling silver WATCH, examined. S. by J. Robinson, Shfewbury .• full jewelled 63,1 gold joints, and special chaves or a lady. Guaranteed 10 yeare. Payments accepted.

DIAMOND BILOOLDIES.

LAAVELLOI

£2los SIX 18 B n oru Al QUALICY DINNER CRUBT.:„.3 6D. DlDorialituTome six-bott!e full-61ae_pveINr21:1111 quality, fitted with aix cuPt 3. _tigriea.:eablostotilaid. k of per,letE:yl dedg'n. 6ußaele Warranted a life-time'a wear Perfezt condition.

SOLID GOLD BREAST BINS, from 2e 6d.

W aATCH VALUE.—GENT'S £4 10s. CRYSTAL —„..0 tASS,„ SOLID SILVER, OPEN PACE, ENGA'.:ZAT 'l* FINISHED LEVER, GUARANTEED 20 YEARS, VALUE POSSIBLE TO SECURE. RI 4s. * 'or this Chronometerst rongairdon;ct 6D.ioewoied; In 15 actions. chronometer balance. winds to the wea„refisth mounted in extra strong, massive, plain poli.ined hall-marlied and Government stamped sterling silver cne.: damp and dust proof ; si Rh gold hands and dead flat g 0,07 ' just oncanem. and timed. May be seen now in our will"/"* iiespinc time to one minute per month; most vivid action. reliable performance. Warranted twenty years. Exchange9' Payments accepted. • US- —DAVIJiIa'S ur.FER THE BEST VALUE IN wATCII—

SPECIAL VALUE IN LADIES' ALBERTS.

£4 108 CURB AND PADLOCK BRACELET. EXCEPTIONAL OPIUM. DECIDED OFFER. S36—For Lady's Full-size Solid Fine Gold Government . stamped 0111t8 and PADLOCK BktADELET. With patent solid gold atfety chain measuring seven inches long and nearly tuff-an-inch Wide, highly finished, in Perfect' condition, like new. Warranted a great bargain. Sent On approval per registered post on receipi. ot P.O. or satisfactory references. SYBOIAL VALLIN IN CURD BRA.CBLETB.

ANDSt!Mt3 2 AND PENDANUTtIiWNAH: GIIAND CHRISTAAS PREeBST FOR YOUTH; H SOLID STAMPED , SILVNIt WATIJII, WITH CHAIN 12 J 1 —For We beautiful and highly-finished S• - __D. Youth's jeweped Crystal Glass WAIGH, Indistinguishable from new. With a written g..tranteo for it(A)PN::AUI OSYSTAL GLASS .. . years. 'This is quite an exceptional Christmas offer. cannot be repeated. Warrinted first-class timekeeper. Sent . on approysl registered post. i ii/VEuDING SINGS. WEDDING ItINGS• LUCKY GUINEA GOLD. Al From Is 6d to 635. Hall-dozen SpooUS gotten with each ri * Write for size card, free. ~ :...,. r DAVIES'S, 30, LOWHILL. LivsarooL. ' .. • ng. -,

===== 0002601_18951221_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
- '.`

JOHN TOFT AND SON,

HIGII-CLAiS REFRESHMENT CATERERS FOR WEDDING BREAKFASTS, LUNCIIEON, DINNER, • AND SUPPER PARTIES,

With or Without Decorations. ESTIMAIES ON APPLIOATION AT TIM RIISTAURANT.

102, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

',-.:...,,.::,''.'!:...::.,.7.-:::.' ,••:,...:',.:.''...,:',._z'.;-;..

===== 0002601_18951221_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EP

===== 0002601_18951221_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
' ,‘.

"GOOD T.TY 'l.l-" WEDDING RINGS. • SPECIAL OFFIM, spnci OFFintS. "60 Pore Guine.l Gold 22-carat Govern- S. S. ment sramnecl WEDDING RINGS. now 7s in every pound cheapPr than auy other house ii the trade. A inshinirThle Mill-marked Beild a,ld Keeper given Ire": with each ring. Largest stod!t in the city. Finger-sise • , card fre2.. to any Nddrwis. GEORGE & COMPANY. .(onnosite Crane ts Sons). SCDTLAND-ViAD, LIVERPOOL. Walton, Bo3tle, and North Trams pass Door every two minutes. •

===== 0002601_18951221_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
M° DOUG ALL'S PATEN T SELFR A ISING FLOUR ONCE TRIED ALWAYS USED

===== 0002601_18951221_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
- WOREMAN'S RTRONG El SILVER LEVER. tl4s. 0 11.—f7ronwg !;311"Ir-PrIftenTislvager"1,BIE; ftjetetsdB ; In four pairs extra of ruble . chronometer balance, unbreak- able mainspring (winds to th • left), and Improvements; in Massive English Government stamped sol d silvermses, fully datop and dust prom, with unb-cakahle glass • warraoted 15 1 Tr irs, and money osnnot buy a more thoroughly sound watch. Payments taken. 1 " WoRKIVAN'S FRIEND" WATCHES AT GRORGE'S.

. t 1 * - - ---- -- SPLEDID P 7 STRIKING RPOULATOR CLOCK. - l. 1'4 a For this magnitl-ent 8-Day ItIMOLA- • S. VD. TOR -zTRIK !NC* CLOCK, in most handsomely carved burr walnutwood case, 54 by IS inches with fluted he finest quality mrvement. chiming hours and talyei on B flat gong long visible pendulum with 5-inch ball end weights, all in polished brass, with Bsineh opal ial ; posi- tively the finest tirnist m ule timed to the i-sec md, and war- ranted 20 years. Suitable either hall or parlour. Payments taken. WARRANTED RELIABLE CLOCKS AT GEORGE'S.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, December 21st, 1895.

• TEE political sensation of the week Politica Se has come from a very unexpected nsation. quarter. It does not consist, as might have been naturally anticipated, in any news from the Near East or the Far East, but is contained in a message which President CLEVE- LAND hash sent to the United States Congress. Looked at from one point of view it would be im- possible to exaggerate the gravity of the message so far as the future relations of Great Britain and the United States—the two great branches of the English-speaking race—are concerned. Fortu- nately, there are many reasons for believing that the situation is not really so serious as it appears to be on the face of it. The points in the President's Message to which we allude are, it is needless, to say his references to the boundary dispute be- tween the South American colony of British Guiana and the Spanish, American Republic of ' Venezuela. Acting on the strength of what is 11 known as the "Monroe doctrine " the Government of the United States has asked that the British Government should agree to submit the claims of the Venezuelans to arbitration. To this request Lord SALISBURY has, in effect, replied that this country has no objection to arbi- tration in regard to the greater portion of the dis- puted territory; but, he continues- "they cannot consent to entertain or to submit to the arbitra- tion of another Power, or of foreign jurists how- ever eminent, claims based on the extravagant pretensions of Spanish officials in the last century, and involving ;the transfer of large numbers of British subjects, who have for many years enjoyed the settled rule of a British colony,to a nation of a different race and langlage, whose political system is subject to frequent disturbance,and whose insti- tutions as yet too often afford very inadequate protection for life and property." It has already been made clear in the Press and elsewhere that in making this last reservation Lord SALISBURY has the fullest support of Englishmen of every party. It may be taken for granted that this country is not going to withdraw its protec- tion from its own colonists simply because the hybrid commonwealth of Venezuela choses to make a claim for an extension of territory. Yet because Lord SALISBURY has made this reserva- tion, President CLEVELAND has sent a message to the American Congress which contains" a direct threat o war against this country. He suggests that Congress should appoint a commission to inquire into l.the merits of the dispute, and if it reports against the claims of Great Britain, and he seems to take it for granted that it will, he advises that the United States should" resist by every means in its power, as, a wilful aggression upon its rights and interests,the ' appropriation by Great Britain of any lands,or the I exercise of governmental jurisdiction over any territory which, after investig.tion,we have deter-

===== 0002601_18951221_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATUR'A Y, DECEMBER 21 1895.

mined of right to belong to Vonezuela."Th is it will be seen is a monstrous and previonsly unheard of proposition. It amounts to this, that in the event of any dispute between Great Britian or presumably any other European power, and one of the petty and turbulent South American Re- publics, the United States is to decide, whether invited or uninvited, which party is in the right and to impose its decision on the two disputants. President CLEVELAND, and those who support him,will soon begin to see that the application of the Monroe doctrine which is now proposed is so extraorditary that it will not be acquiesced in during this generation at all events. The United States is no doubt a great country with a great future, but it is not yet a giant amongst pygmies. In setting up as the final arbiter in all ' disputes affecting the whole continent of America, it is attempting more than it can perform. State-Secretary OLNEY,in his correspondence with the British Foreign Office, assumes in a rather ,J cool,not to say insolent,way that the States is the only great power represented in America, and the reminder by Lord SALISBURY that a connection still exists between Great Britain and such thriv- ing communities as Canada, Jamaica, Honduras, and other colonies, was not out of place. The "New York World" is even more to the point when,in condemning what it calls the PRESIDENT'S " jingo bugaboo," it points to the fact that this country controls more territory even in America than is contained in the United Stet

A. VERY attractive picture of A l'eroolgorneyss. v e social life in that most progressive of all British colonies, New Zea- land, is given by • Mr. EDWARD REE VES in this mouth's "Westminster Review." The *Land Laws there are, according to the testimony of an American Consul, superior to those of any other country in regard to the check that they place upon the acquisition of vast estates by single persons. The laws have been devised with a view to the discouragement of private monopolies of any kind, and the result is that wealth is much more equally diffused than in most other coun- tries. There are, it is said, no millions, ires in the colony, and, oa the other hand, there are no paupers. The "old-world terror of abso- lute penury is unknown" to the New Zea- lander. If a man be loft friendless and without employment he can turn for assist- ' awe ta the Labour Bureau. "If there be no room for him in any trade or job, he goes "says Mr. REEVES," on the land, to the Rauri gumfield, to the 'bush section' which Government will par- tially clear for him, by the State saw-mill of the almost inexhaustible forest. He cannot starve." There is something taking about the following picture or the school life of New Zealand children. "He is not left to books and his inner conscious- ness to form ideas of a forest or a factory. He is taken to see them. Free periodical excursions of whale schools by railway are organised. Country children come to town, where they are re- ceived by school committees, who conduct them over museums, newspaper °frees, gas works, ocean steamers, and explain everything A thousand town children see a field of yellow wheat eaped and bound, write essays on the matter, and ever after distinguish the grain from barley or oats. Scholarships are for the poorest labourer's sons if he be clever ; techni- cal workshops, if he be of a technical turn; state I farms if he lean to agriculture." The adult work- man does not seem to have much to complain of. This working day is one of eight hours; and he is protected in various ways by enlightened labour legislation, and, in fact, taking everything into account ,there seems to be good grounds for the opinion that ha has more opportunities ,for "rest, recreation, and intellectual development than is enjoyed by his fellow-workers in any part of the world."

TREAT TO POOR CIIILDREN.

On Christmas Day, the Rev Dr. Gastaldi has arranged to give a hot-pot dinner to 300 or 400 poor children,irre- soeotive of creed, in St. Edward's school. Further par- ticulars will he obtained from our advertising columms. WESLEYAN DORCAS SOCIETY, RUNCORN. . .

On Tuesday afternoon in connection with the St. Paul's Dorcas Society, a distribution of garments was made. About forty flannel garments and a number of other useful wearing articles were distributed amongst the poor of the congregation of St. Paul's Wesleyan Church.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS, 1895.

For Ch-ristinsts Preseutt, any other Prevnis, or Articles for yourself, VISIT DTI BERT'S, 10. .iURCH-STRSHT,LIVE POOL, where you can get Hututieds of Artices suitable for Presents and for Yourself or Household Use. WATClll43.—La4les' Gilt, Nickeled, and flack Watches all at 3s. lid. Solid Silver Watches, Os. 6d.. 12s. 6d. to 355. Gent's. and Boy's Watches, 2s. 3d., 25,. Id., 3s. 11d., 4s. 11d.

55. 11d. My Vell-known Chronograph Watches may be got, large or small, plain or fancy, Silvered or Gilt Cases, all at 6s. 11d. Silver Watches, 12s. 6d.. 15s. 6d.. 17s. 6d. (linnter) 215., to 23 10s. Ladies Gold Watches, 30s. to 90s. Gent's. Gold Watches, 503 . to £lO. ORAINS.-Ladies' Silver Alberts, 3s. 61,35. lid 4s. lid.. to 10s. 6d. Gent's Silver Alberts, Hall-s, arked on every link. 58. Ss'. 3d., 6s, 11d., to 155. 6d. Boy's Silver Alberts. 3s. 6d with Silver Medal attiviied. Metal Alberts - Steel, Md. and qd. ; Gilt, 4id. and 6d. White Metal- " Woitaz " Silver -equal to Solid Silver, 6d. ; Double. is. For Ladies " Woitaz ". Silver or Gilt. 6d. Best Gold-plated Alberts, warranted to stand acid, 2s. lid., 3s. lid , to 86. 11d. (for Ladies, Boys and Gentlemen). RINGS.-9ct. Hall-Marked Rings for Ladies and Gentle- men. from 2s. 11d. to 215.; 15ct. 125.64. to Cs. ; 18A. from 306 to £5. BROGGHES.-Silver Hall-Marked. lola. to Sc. 6d. ; Gold get. Brooches. Is. 64. to 506.; 15ct. 15s. to Le. Solid Silver Hall-Marked Name Brooches (any name), Lid.' Is. 71-d.' and Is. 64. Gent's Scarf Pins, Silver from 44. ;Gold Rail-Marked. from Is. 11.1. Match Boxes from Is. lid. f.hgar Gases from 78. lid.. ELFOTRO SILVER PLAT.-Breakfast Cruets, Is. 11d. to 155. 6d.; Dinner Cruets, 2e. Ild. to 506. ; Butter Knives, Pickle Forks, and dam Spoons from 10}d. each ; Tea Spoons ( tilectro-plated) from is. ; Dessert Spoons and Forks. from Is. 64 half-doz. ; Table from 4s. aid. half-doe. ; Butter Dishes from Is. ; Salts from Is 64.1. ; Claret Jugs. from 48.111 ; Pickle Frames, from ss. 11d. Special Fish Knives and Forks, 24 pieces, in strong wood ca,e, with lozk and key complete. 265. ; Cheap White Metal Forks and Spoons-Tea Spoons from 40. half-dozen • Dessert FJrks or Spoons from nd. half-dozen ; Table from is. 3d. halt-dozen. Pare Nickel Silver (Bent Qualify only). Tea Spoons, 9d. half-dozen ; Dessert Forks or Spoons, 2s. 3d. half-dozen; Table, 2s. 3id. h,ff-dozen ; &o. CUTLBRY.-(Rnglish Made only).-Dessert Knives from is. 70. half-doz. ; Table Knives, from 19. lid. half doz.; Car- vers, from Is. 94 pair (best steel); Scissors, from 6id. pair Pocket Knives from 54.. dm. _ . . •

CLOCKS.— Debert's Clocks are the best value in the World. Always in stock over 5,000 Clocks of every description to select from. Nickel Timepieces from Is. 5.1. ; Alarms from Is. ; WoOd Pendulum Clocks from 21. lid.; Regulators, from 128. 9.1., Kitchen Clocks ($ days), from 13s. 9,1.. tte. OPTICAL GOODS.—Metal Barometers. 55. Ild. ; Wood Darometey 3, size 7 inch diameter, 7s. lid.; Do. do. with Thermometer combined. 7 inches by 18 inches, 10s. 6d.; do. do.. larger, 17s. tid. to £3. FANCY 00005—Ladies' Companions from 41. to 25a. Dressing Cases from 83 lid. to Vs (for Ladies or Gentle- men). Leather Purses from 414. to 7s. 11d. Tohacco Pouches from sd. ; Cizar Cases from lo.i. Ladles Work Boxes from 10s. 6d. Dolls from 41. Tors from slii. Moan Organs from 2d. Table Bells from 4d. Ornaments and Figures from 50. Ml•rors from 41d. ll,aminocs from 311. Boys' Fretwork Tools. Outfit from 14d. Household Tools (5 pieces) from 1011., &c.. &Mo. Above being only a few or the Articles kest in Stock as would take much more space to mention everything, you are therefore invited to visit

===== 0002601_18951221_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
I)EBER.T'S, 10, CrIUTICI-1-STRKFIT. LIVI4.IIIPooj,.

THN WORKINGNISNS' (30SPEL TRAPERANCE MISSzog II A LL.

On Saturday night a xuecessful " free and easy' was held in the above hall, Conducted by Mr. A. Horrocks. The meeting was homely. yet lively with 6ongs, recitations. readings,and brief sketches. Refreshments were also served round during the evening. On Sunday night a gospel temperance meeting was held, Mr. J. Drury presided. The meeting was also taken part in by Messrs. R. Storey, A. Horrmaks, and W. Nightingale. The second Band of Hope meeting was held on Tuesday night. 46.

" Marmaduke," in " Truth," tells us that " Powdered diamond, Admirliaterod in coffee, ha for long been a favourite method oft poisoning In Turkey. An English company is stri ring to spoor° a concession from the Sultan for the purpose of exhuming the bodies of those who are suariectod of having been poisoned,and extract- ing by chemical means the diamond dust which they contain. Several well-known peers haNe joined the board of directors."

TICKS. —SHALSKII JACKETS and PITHS of evPrp des- 1. Cleaned or Re-Dye! and Altered. Fur Skins Crease I and Made-op lit) Rugs, Muffs, Collars, So.—B. COOKE, Manufacturing Furrier, 11, I.lvp=r lvearins.lto,.. and 21, Renshaw-stmt., Liverpool, Established over 21 years,

===== 0002601_18951221_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18951221_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

A SUCCESSFUL RUNCORN MUSICAL STUDENT:.

-- At a recent examination of the Incorporated Socifty of Musicians held at Liverpool, Mks Amy Farrell. of Waterloo-road, Runcorn, successfully passed the Pro- liminary Grade. Miss Farrell has studied under Mr. Clifford Le Couteur.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTERTAINMENT AT BRIINSWICR.STREET SCHOOL..,

A ;;;;;-ei-iilyable evening was spent by the mernly,ra of the Mothers' meeting connected with St. Paul's Church, on Manday. Tea was provided by the kindness of those who so peri ntend the meeting. A pleasant enter- tainment was afterwards given in the schoolroom, pre- sided over by Mrs. Robinson. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. W. George and Mr. F. J. Norman, IP., and Mrs. F. J. Norman, and Mrs. A. R. Norman greatly con- tributed to the enjoyment of the evening. CHRISTMAS, 1895.—T0r Cnritmas_Pte3ents ,r any • • • -

----..-, other Pre,ents or Articles for yourself, you may yisit 1)EBE1111', 10, CHURCH-St/Mite. LIVIMPOOL, where yo.t can get hundreds of articles such as Watclra, Cloaks, Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cutlery. Purses, Pocket Knives, etc., at wholesale prices. tiee advertisement (Illos(rated Uhronetrag., Watch, 6s. lid., etc.), on page 7 of this Paper. -Add. ELLESMERE-STREET CHAPEL, RIIECORN• . .

Under the auspices of the mutual' ivprovement class connected with the chapel, n interesting entertainment was iyen on Friday evening,. There was a good atten- dance.the Rev. J. Stafford presiding. Songs were given in a very creditable mannPr by Mr. Wesley Cooke, Miss M. Eeatherington, and Miss Edwards, and recitations by Miss Davies. Mr. C. Le Coutenr played selections on the organ as well as on the auto harp, and they were ereatly appreciated.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLY TRINITY SCROOL. RUNCORN.

The third of the series of entertainments took place on Friday ev,ninz, in Trinity Infants' Schoolroom, and there was a good attendance. The interesting pro- gramme consisted of a pianoforte, duet t; Misses Horse- field, part song by Mies Jonnson, Bradshaw and Rigby, Messrs. Gleaye and. Booth; a recitation by Mr. W. Hulse, a duet by Masters Bradshaw and Woodland, song. by Mr. Booth, Miss F. Bradshaw, and Mr. Nixon, and a stump oration by Mr. W. liaise. iline accompanist was Mr. Savage.

RUNCORN PRIZE CgOIR.

As will be seen from a glance at our advertising columns,the Runcorn Tonic Sol fa Prize Choir are to give a grand performance of ,Handel'a impressive" Memiah in the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Monday evening next With the weßestablishod reputation of the Runcorn Prize Choir,it may be safely predicted that they will give All excellent interpretation of this well-known, and at 1 the present time,appropriate piece. There will be a full orchestra and chorus of 140 performers. Mr. Holford will be the conductor.

TEE TESTIMONIAL TO SUPERINTENDENT ATHERTON. A meeting of the Committee wh have in haad the raising of a testimonial to ex-Superintendent Atherton was held in the Town Hall, Runcorn, on ruesday even- ing. Mr. F. Wiswall, CE., occupied the chair. The hon. secretary, Mr. William Sutton reported that the subscriptions received amounted to over £5O. It was unanimously resolved to present Mr. Atherton with a gold watch and chain, an illuminated address, and a purse of money. The presentation will take place early in the New Year.

SATURDAY NIGHT CONCERTS AT RUNCORN. The second of a series of Saturday night coc,rts pro- moted by the Runcorn branch of the Briti,h Women's Temperance Association was held in the Brunner Guild Hall on Saturday evening. In the absence of the Rev. W. George the chair was occupied by Mr. flarrop. A most interesting programme was submitted and in- cluded songs by Misses Taylor, Wilson, Paul, Mrs. Temple, Measrs. Wesley Cooke, Charles Leathwood and John Leathwond ; nianoforte duet, Miss Pone and Miss Herron ; and Mr. J. Bisbrown, and Mr. Frank Littler recited. The accompanist was Miss Pope. During an interval Mts. Ba•rop, the secretary, spokes few appro- priate remarks."' Cher° was a fair attendance.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MARINERS' CHURCH MISSION ENTERTAINMENT.

The tenth of a series of weekly' entertainments was given in ths above mission on Monday. he chair was taken by the Rev. A. H. Bartram,curate of Holy Trinity Church. There was a crowded audience. Songs were rendered by Miss Forster, Miss C. Williamson, Miss A. Hill, Miss M. Hill, Miss A. Turner, Miss M. Lacey, Mr. J. Hill and Mr. D. Smith,the two latter gentlemen being encored. Mr. Gardner played a voluntary A capital dialogue entitled" The Sea-side Lodging House " was taken part in by the following :—Messrs. Hill, Breadman Williamson, Randle, Houghton, and Banner. Readings were contributed by Mr. J. Williamson, Mr. T. Sweet. man, and the following recited : Messrs. T. Lacy, B. Allen, W. Johnson, ar,cl Miss Reed. The accompanist was Mr. Gardner. A most enjoyable evening was Spent. '

RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY. On Tuesday evening the monthly meeting of the Run- ' corn Free Library Committee was held under the presi- ' dency of Mr. William Handley. There were also present the Rev. Z. Simpson, Messrs. T. Riley, H. J. bt rice, and J. D. Jones (librarian). The monthly report showed that the issue in the lending department had been 2,l63,being an increase of 281 on the corresponding period last year. They were distributed as follows :Theology 30, philo- sophy 14, science 110. history &c ' 146. poetry 14, fiction 1.631, miscellaneous 178, French 'literature 2, and music 38. The issues in the reference department were 43, or a decrease of 3in the same period last year. The re- ceipts including £5O from the rates amounted to £52 ss. ld. AccOtlnts amounting to £2l 3q. ld, were passed for payment. It was resolved that 80 volumes ot books should be sent to be hound, and that the " Musical Times "should be bnught. Votes of thanks were passed to the Rev. C. de P. Oliddon, Mr. Jnisph Pritchard, and Mr. Skeaping for their lectures, and to the gentlemen who presided, and also to the Technical Instruction Committee for the use of the room. It was resolved to Close the lending department of the Library on Bank Holiday. The following gifts were acknowledged, from the Trustees of the British MURMUR, guide to M.S.S.au- tographs. &c., and tirst SerieS of fanahnilies and auto- ElTanha ; Sir .T. T. Brunner, Bart , M.P., " Theories Ship- building " (2 vnls) ; and Fences from the followinq Free Libraries Belfast. Longton, ALnet (London) and 13irken- head. This concluded the business. NIGHT MARCH OUT OF LOCAL VOLUNTEERS.

The Runcorn. Frodsham, and Weaverham rnmpanies of the Second Earl of Chester Volunteer Regiment, had a march on Saturday night. The weather was very un- favourable, rain having fallen heavily. -Notwithstandirm these drawbacks there was a strong muster of the re- snective companies. Owing to indisposition, Cantain George F. Ashton was linable to take command of the Runcorn contingent, and consequently this duty fell to the lot of Lieutenant Rnindrit. The companies assem- bled shortly after six o'clock at their respective head- quarters. The Runcorn companies started from the Drill Hall Rt 13.45,headed by their hand. There were on Parade Lieutenant Brundrit the Rev. Dr. Preston. chap- lain, Quartermaster-Sergeant Hankinson, Colonr-Seres. Mart and Nnle, Sergeant-Instrictorlligen, Sergeants Woodland. Platt, Edwards, Elnlines, and Cooper. Lance- Sngeant Nield, Rand-Sergeants Owthwaito, an I Gittens. They were about 90 strong. They proceeded to the ap- pointed place of meeting, near Dutton workhouse,where they were joined by the Frndsham and Weaverharn conmsnies,the assembling being completed vrithin three or four minutes. This PrIPSkS well for the calculations of those in charge. The Froclsham company consisted of 47 members.attended by Captain and Adjutant Turtnn Captain Harrison, Lieutenants Gsrrett and Burton ; and the Wear:pi:ham ennananc or 43, in charge of Lieu- tenant Clarke. Whilst, at Dutton the men were provided with refreshments, the rater,r being ex-Sunerintendent Atherton.of the Talbot Arms. The return Furrney was commenced soon after nine o'clock. Runcorn being reached at 10 45 Before dismissing them Lientenant Brundrit congratulated the man on having mustered in such strong force, and upon having performed their duties h such precision. It. might he described as a record march, they having covered the distance of six miles each way.in an hour and a 11,11,. The other corn- panics wore also at the ato,t selected in good time,so thet the assembling was within two or three minutes. He thanked the hand, the members of which had played so well. Do than dismissed them. Sr. MICHAEL'S TEA MEP:TIM-3 Awn SALE OE WORE. In connection with St. Michael's Church the annual tea party and entertainment were held on Friday even- ing, when a good number sat down to tea. A most in- teresting nrogramme was submitted. The choir Fang three selections,all of which were well given. Messrs A. Poole and A. Timmins, jun., phtyed a duet on the piano. and Mies Johnson interpreted " The Chorister" ; Mr. J. Blundell contributed 0 The Sailor's Grave" ; The Broken Pitcher" was sling be Miss A. Taylor, and Mr. C. Pownall rendered "The Old Trombone" and " That was enongh for me." MiAs Johnson also saw. "Flight of Ages," which was succeeded by "The Golden Goose," bY Messrs James Littler and H. Branch. Miss A. Taylor sang "The Last Milestone." and again she had to accede to the demands of the audience. Mr.ftranch was equally successful with "Rig Ben." The accompanist was Mr. Arthur "rimmins, inn. A brief address was delivered by the Chairman in which he referred to the beautiful new :ilk banner which had been purchased for the Sunday school. The ladies and gentlemen who had taken part in the prn"ramme were thanked for their services on the motion of Mr. Mufflar, seconded by Mr. Elwin Harrison ; and those who heel rrnnarnd the room and disnenaed tea were also thanked on the motion of Mr.Pownall.seconded by Mr.A.Lightburn,whn referred to the sn'endid service rendered hr me.nn.and also spoke nf the impend- ing departure of the Rev.A.J. Jameson.—A tuslp P f work was held in the schoolroom on Saturday afternoon, with the object of raising money to be devoted to several ob- jects in connretion with St. Michael's Church. The com- mittee in charge of the arrangementa consisted of Mrs. Wood, Mrs. Reap, Mrs. La k Mrs. Ciporzeßobertß, Mrs. Arthur Timmins, and Miss Jameson, who were assisted by several memhers of the congregation. Mra.Maitland I,Vond performed the opening ceremony, end was intro- duced by the Rsv. A J.Jaineson. She was thanked for her se.rvices. on the motion of Mr. Miles. sreonded by Mr: Youd. The ll,v,Canon Wood responded on behalf sYf his wife. During the evening a series of entertainments were pivnn by Professor Miller. The resnit, of the vale realised £49, which was, considered very satisfactory.

DTBDq, ANIMALS and FISH STUFFkn. and mountod 13 in 1114.48 Casos of env design. HEADS end BOSNR mounted, 4140 for Salo. Birds made into Hand Screens or Firp Screens. Dealer in British snit Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins, Glass Shades, St‘gs' (leads. Cabinets Store Boxes Nos, Sm., for Buiterflv and Fisg Collectors.—B. COKE, Naluraliqt and Furrier, 21, Esnshaw-street, Liverpool. Established over 21 Fears.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:

===== 0002601_18951221_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
" PRIMITIVE METHODIST SOCIAL."

_ This is the title of a young men's club which has been formed in connection with the P,imitive VlSthodist deno- mination in Greenway-road. A reading room has been opened in the schoolroom anl games provif4ed. There will te a discussion night once a week, and the rooms are to be thrown open every week night. BETHESDA LITERARY AND SOCIAL CLASS, RUNCORN. _ _

The Bev. J. Simpson continued his analysis of Shakes- peare's " Brutus" at the meeting of the above-mentioned class on Tuescl.y evening. He descritvAl him as a man carried away with a noble ideal ' • a man of strong en- deavour; of self repression, and though his power of will was so pronounced, yet his tenderness was as pro- minent. He said the figure was a fine one for the study of young people, who had the good of their own country at heart, MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN.—RusoOrat Basra'.

At the Rtincorn Seamen's Iniiiitut4e—;;;TlieS-da-i -even- ing, a most successful entertainment was given before a large audience. The programme was provided bv a num- ber of friends connected with Oakland-st. Wesleyan Chapel, Widnes. The chair was occupied by Mr. Spyoy, of Widnes. Songs were contributed ky Miss Lloyd,Miss Barnes, Messrs, T. Harper, T. Brcderick, W. Hague,and Brady. Mr. %Hague gave several humorous songs. Wssrs. D. Johns m and T. Cockeram recited, and Mr. A. Hague performed a violin solo. The part songs given by members of the party were exceedingly well rendered and the two humorous sketches provoked much laugh- ter. A vote of thanks was accorded those who had taken part in the evening's entertainment,on the motion of Mr. Shaw, seconded by Mr. Byfield._

===== 0002601_18951221_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A FORMER RONC-ORN TRADESMAN.

'The death occurred last week of Mr. James M'Quinn at the age of 80 years, at his native place, Portwiliam, Stotland. For a great number of years he carried on business in Highsst., Rubcorn.and was connected with , the Wesleyan cause, being a zealous worker at Camden. " The Galloway Gaz,tte " referring to his death Oaten that he was of a gentlemanly, kindly, and courteous disposition, while at the same time possessing a vein of quiet humour that often sparkled out. He was an elder of the Free Church and took a warm interest in the Band of Hope connected .with the church. Prior to that he was superintendent of the Parish Church Similay School., He was also connected with other Christian work.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRN 11 A BEDROOM_ Al' RUNCORN.

On Wednes,lay night about 11.30 a tire waa discovered in a bedroom at the Sailors' Borne, Regent-st.. occupied by Mrs. Marsh. The fire brigade were appr'zsd of the matter, and they turned out speedily with the horse reel cart and the hand reel, in charge of deputy amerinten- dent Wright. They found that the bed in the room Occupied by Mrs. Marsh and her sister was on fire, but the police who were early on the spot had thrown the burning articles through the window into the yard below, and thus prevented the fire from spreading. The services of the firemen were consequently not required. The police who rendered first assistance were Constables Booth and Wylie. The damage is estimated at about £5, and is not covered by insurance. The origin of the fire is attributed to the falling of a lighted match. CAMDEN BAND OF HOPE MEETING. •

A well-attended meeting of this Band of Hope was held on Monday. The chairman was Mr. Dutton, and he delivered an appropriate address. The programme was provided by the young people connected with the Band of Hope, and they entered their work with great heartiness. and acquitted themselves most creditably. The following was the programme :—Reading, Mr. .1. B. Clarke ; duet, Misses L. Davies and S. J. Wnrdward'; songs, Mr. J. Bazley, Misses Fanny Bazler' Nellie Tem- , perley,and Lillie- Baints ; recitations.MissesLucy Hinda. Maggie Harrisoh, Jenny Santley, Jenny Bred:and, and Beatrice Harrison ; Masters Edward Inman., and Arthur ta, orrall • dialogue, Masters J. Santley, and W.- Tams- well ; and also one by nine membiTs. The sccompani:t , was Miss Temperley. The Rev. W. George in the course of a short address spoke of the advantages derived from total abstinence. Messrs. Beckett and Harrison rea eirryine.' on a successful temperance work by means of the Band of Hope at Camdeti.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUNSWICK-ST. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.

This Wesleyan Society held its mural meeting on Thursday evening. There was also present in addition I to the members of the class, a number connected with , the Brunswick-st. Wesleyan Gtild. About 200 sat down to tea, the tables being presided over by Mrs. Andersen, Misses Nancollis, Anderson, A. Jones, Rushton and Crosby. The after proceedings were presided ever by, Mr.Sitnister, ,nd he was supported by the Rev.W.Georee, : I Mr.J.D.Jones,Mr. N.J. Norman,and Messrs. T. S.: unders ' T. and J. Pickthall (secretaries). In their annual report the secretaries congratulated themselves on it being the best one they had submitted. The class has at the pre- sent time a goodly number of young members, and they felt that their term of office had riot been without results. The president's decision to lead the claSs tor`another year had renewed the vigour of the mem- bers and had dispersed the gloom which was hanging over the annual meeting. The class had became an in- stitution of the St. Paul's and Brunswick centre of Methodism in Runcorn,and they hoped it would continue to be so. The secretaries in rclingnishing office said it was not that they were anxious to shirk work, but because they were desirous to bring some of the young men to the class into still closer intimacy with it. The attendance of the first session of the year averaeed 90, and of the present session 95. me report was adopted, and the election of officers was then pro- ceeded with. Mr. Simister was re-appointed president on the motion of Mr. J. D. Jones, seconded by Mr. T. Saunders ; and Mr. J. D. Jones wan re-elected• vico-pr6- sident on the proposition of Mr. Simister, seconded by Mr. J. H. Piekthsll. Secretaries were also appointed. A short musical programme was afterwards gone through. Songs were nicely rendered by Miss Birketr, Miss A. Jones, Mr. Jones, Mr. Evans, and Mr. Ellison. Miss Watson recited. Parlour games— were afterwards en- gaged in.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUNSWICK-STREET AND GRANVILLE-

ST ttEET 'BOARD SCROOLS.

DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.

On Thursday morning at the boys' school, Brunswick. street, Runcorn, the distribution of prizaz, took place. There were present in addition to the headmaster (Mr. B. Crosby) and the ass 'tents, Mr. J. Pritchard (Chair- man elf the Board), Mr. E. Emison, J.P., Dr. McDougall, and Mr. James Taylnt.. The children from tha Granville- steeet schools at which Miss Littler is headmistress, were broneht to Brunswick-street. The prizes were very gracefully handed to the successful scholars by Mrs. F T. Norman. In connection with the boys' school. 2?. pr'zes consisting of the current number of " Pears' Annual " were awarded for regular attendance. These were given to Scholars who had not been absent during the year. The following boys were the recipi- ents of prizes given for the highest marks awarded for rerailitrity, ,ctuality, arni diligence. Standard 1., William Aslunn Arthur Sayle ; 2, William Squire, Ernest Sefton ;3. Joseph Sefton, J. Nett-airy ; 4, Thomas Lamb, D iuglas Moore ; 5. Robert Jeffrey ; 6, T. Collins. A menial prize given by Mr. S. C. Beckett was awarded to Kerfoot .Tanion ; also a special prize given by Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P., for the mast popular boy in the school. was after a ballot amongst the *boys, handed to Abel Blythe. The girls' prizes were awarded as follows :—Standard 1, Ethel Bushell, , Elsie Harrison 2, Mend Elleson, Lucy Harrison, Lizzie ' Bate ; 3. Ethel Lunt, Eva Kirkham ; 4, Lucy Norburv, Maggie Corns, Fanny Wingfield ; 5, Edith Norbury ; 6, Gertie Ellesnn, Maggie Rill. Special prizes given by Mrs. F. Norman, and Mr.S. C. Beckett were awarded to Polly Dodd and Martha Hill, respectively. An in- teresting feature of the proceedings was the presentation of two volumes of books to Mr. Cooke.assistant master at the schools. hut who is now leaving in order to study at a London College. Mr. Pritchard stated that he had been intensely pleased to be present to witness such an interesting gathering, and to see the bright faces and cheerful countenances. The pleasure was enhanced by seeing such a large distribution of prizes and of the good rela- tionship that existed between teachers and scholars. He had no that by their conduct and attention to their duties during the pact year they well merited the prizes received. Re hoped the same good feeling would continue. The prizes were not simply for regular at- tendance. hut for efficiency in school work. Re thought they were very fortunate in having Mrs. Norman to distribute the prizes, and he had very greet pleasure in , moving a vote of thanks to her.—Dr. McDougall SP- cnnded the proposition, and stated that as educational- lets they were very grateful to her for coming to per- form ench services. He congratulated the scholars upon the result of their studies during the past year and urged them not to forget that the mere fact nf coming to school did not entitle them to prizes, lattt their dilig- ence and attention in the acqnirement of knowledge. It was by obtaining information in their a-mit-Mut days that they would be able to keep their homes in greater comfort when they grew up tn manhood and woman hood. He was glad that Mr. Crosby did not provide ton larce a number of awards for attendance because that did not indicate school work. He mood the scholars to persevere in their studies. Mr. Norman briefly supported the proposition which was carried. Each scholar :was presented with an ;lenge on leaving.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN YOUTHS SHIPWRECKED.

EXCITING EXPERIENCES.

Throu I: the kindly aid of the Shipwrecked Mariners' Society, a Runcorn youth named John Watson, oi 85, Seaw-street, Runcorn, reached home on Monday after having suffered severe privations through being shipwrecked. lie was one of the crew of the schooner Stirling of Poway, a vessel frequently trading to Runcorn' and on her last visit here, Watson shipped on board her. The following particulars have been gleaned respecting the ship- wreck. On Sunday Joseph Fern, master of the Hull smack Columbus reached that port with the crew, six in number, of the schooner Stirling, The men had been rescued by the smack under trying and dangerous cir- cumstances and had it not been for the timely appear- ance of the Columbes,the crewe would undoubtedly have met with a watery grave. The Stirling was sighted by the Columbus between nine and ten o'clock on tho morn- ing of the 8:h inst., about 20 miles off Mordney, near Heligoland at that time the vessel Was flying signals of distress and, upon the Columbus ccming near, the crew requested to be taken off. Although a heavy sea was running it was decided to launch the smack's boat which although she was in a damaged condition by reason of two holes being stone in her was done. The damage was temporarily repaired by the use of grease, and manned by James Canavan mate; and John Morgan third hand, proceeded to the sinking vessel. Five of the crew were taken off in the boat but the captain refused to leave the sinking vessel, say- ing, he would see the last of her. Half an-hour after- wards the schonner disappeared and those on board the smack thought that the captain would perish with her. He, however, managed to float clear of the sinking vessel by means of a small skiff on deck, and from this he was eventually picked up by the fishing smack, Tire Colum- bus, at the time of the rescue, was short of pmvisione so that, with the addition of six men the outlook was, far frem cheering. Seven days elapsed from the time of the rescue to reaching Hull, and for four days the crew and the rescued men were almost without food or water. The mate of the schooner has been wrecked five times alto- gether, and upon two occasions he was the only man saved. The crew of the schooner state that their vessel was passed by several Dutch fishing vessels and one steamer, which took no notice of ,their signals. Watson, the only Runcornian of the crew of the Stirlitig, speaks in the highest tering of praise of the crew of the fishing smack, wets I-Allayed with conspicuous leravery. The only article watsan saved frotn the wreck, besides the clothes in which he stood, was an amber brooch he had purchased abroad for his mother, and in order to get this he had to enter the forecaele and wade through water reaching up to his neck. Needless to -say this is highly prized. -- News also reached Runcorn on Monday morning that the schooner " Chase " of Runcorn, had been wrecked off the coast of France the previous Saturday, and that one of the crew had been drowned. The vessel was in charge of Captain Brown, of Runcorn, and the only other Englishman composing the crew was an able-bodied seaman named Harry Johnson, also of Runcern. John- son arrived at his native town early this week, and an " Examiner " reporter took the trouble to " look him up," and gleaned a few particulars respecting the ship- wreck. Oa the B.h October last, the schooner which is the property of Mr. Cooper' ef Runcern,left Runcorn docks with a cargo of salt from Great Yet mouth. The vessel reached this port in safety, and having discharged her cargo she sailed for Keadley, al small maritime place on the Humber: Here she shipped a cargo of shoddy, and , departed for Cork on December 2nd. Heavy seas were experienced, but all went well until Friday night last when a terrible gale prevailed. The vessel was help- lessly driven out of her course and became stranded on the banks of the river Somme, about three miles from Cayeaux Semaphore, on the coast of France, early on Saturday morning. Again aid again the schooner was dashed on the sand banks,and the high seas lashed over her with tremendous force and fury. One of the crew named William Mendternative of Hamburgevras washed overboard and drowned. The Captain displayed great bravery and did his utmost to save the vessel, but his effortc were in vain, and the schooner became a total wreck. The crew repaired to the riggings, and were filled with hope shortly afterwards when they saw a lifeboat coming to their rescue. But the tempest raged with such fury that it was not until nearly tax o'clock at night on Saturday that the lifeboat was able to afford relief to the four remaining men of the crew,who had suffered great privations. A crowd bad assemoled on the banks, and on landing the distressed seamen were treated with the greatest hospi- tality. On Tuesday, Johnson—a fine, strapping young fellow—did not worn much the worse for his hardships, and jocularly remarked that he "didn't think his time had Come yet." Hs seemed glad that he had obtained another berth, and will soon again be traversing the mighty deep.

Many Roncornians will remember the large sailing ship " Stitherlandshire " which was the first vessel to , bring grain up the Ship Canal and was discharged at Roncorn lay-by. During the ship's stay here until the 20th of July last, the captain, Mr. Peter Nichol, made many friends, and the following exciting incidents con- nected with the voyage of the Sutherlandshire to ! Calcutta, will be read with interest. They are extracts ! from a, letter just received by Mr. George Hewitt, of Percival's-lanO, from Captain Nichol. "We got away from Ea.stham the day after we left Runcorn and all went well until the 3rd Ostober. On that day wo lost a ' man overboard, and nearly lost a boat and vier] men in trying to rescue him, but they returned in four hours without the poor unfortunate fellow. We struck our main top mast the same day,and were about ten days getting another fitted up, oand everything in its place again. Oae fine day the main yard cams down by a run which gave all the hands a fright. You may judge of the shock when there were seven tons of iron with a fall of 50ft. You will see that ,it has not been all clover this voyage." The rumour ' which had gained currency in Runcorn that the Suther- landshire had been lost will be seen to be incorrect.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
FOREIGN IffISSIONARY MEETING AT RUNCORN.

There was a good congregation in the Wesleyan Chapel, Ilalton-read, an Tuesday evening when the annual foreign missionary meeting was held. The chair was cccupied by Mr. John Simpson, and amongst those present were W. George, Rev. Edward Strutt, or Liverpool, and for several years missionary in Ceylon, Messrs. Harrison (Liverpool), Edward Taylor, J. R. Frith, S. Pope and W. Graham. After devotional exercises the Rev. W. George in pre- senting the general report of the Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Eaciety for the past year,stated that the year had not been marked by Swift and sensational progress, hut he a steady advance in the foreign district, and a "holding on" where progress seemed almost impossible. Their work in Italy had prospered More in the year than 1 lin any previous one. In Germany, the future looked very bright, and there seemed to be for them as Method- ists. a strong hope of having a large place in German life if hey were faithful to the teaching they had received. He also referred to the society's missionary work in Africa, India.and China. Their missionaries had been preserved in China during the time of great disturbance that had been recently, and during which some other missionaries had to render up their lives for the Lord's Sake. Mr. Taylor presented the financial statement, and stated that the contribution from the Runcorn circuit I was £279 last year, of which £25 was collected at Halton- road church and school. The collections at the services were £2 15 t met,ting £8 104. 31., collected by Mrs. George £47a. 61., collected in the school £3 163. 31. ; and Christmas cffering £5 104. 11. The enll.ctions for this year had been as follows : services £3 17s. 21., col-• leered bv Mrs. George £4 9s. 61., Sunday echos' £2 us. 61. Be urged the Sunday school scholars .to adopt the collecting books used by the Brunswick-street scholars, and he thought they would be able to raise a lamer sum. The Chairman in his address, remarked that people said that charity began at home, and there was so much to do that we could not spare anything to send mission- aries out of our own country. But he thought that they generally found that those who were most in earnest in doing pond at horns were men in earnest in sending the gospel abroad, and that persons who objected to foreign missions were not those who did very much good at home. _ _ _ _ _ _ _

The Rev. Edward Strutt, lite missionary in Ceylon delivered an interesting address on missionary work in Ceylon. That island, he said, had been well called "The rustling paradise of the tropics." Speaking of the inhabitants he said the island was a kind of microcosm, where there was a sprinkling of nearly all the races in India and Europe. But it was chiefly with the Tamils that he lived and laboured with when in Ceylon. They were llindoos, and enterprising, industrious, aober,quick at learning, naturally religious, and an affectionate and grateful people as he had reason for knowing. But although they had these virtues they had dark and terrible vices in their character. Re proceeded to refer to the methods suggested by many persons, as to what missionaries should do. The true idea for missionaries was not to use one method to the exclusion of the rest. They had to combine all the methods and then there was still room for others. Wherever they could get a few people to hear them they preached. They also preached by means of the press. The following was 12 months work at their prin"ing establisementa in Ceylon: 203 different -corks were published,3B9,66s copies were put into circolation, and the total number of printed pages was 12,915,296. They had the Bible printed in diffewnt languages, also the Wesley hymn book, Christian Mies, and other re- ligious works. By means of their schools they had raised up an army of readers. But Christians were roa. the only people who made use of the press. There was litera- ture distributed by the infidels of the West an enemy was sowing tares amongst the wheat. The untscior.tare's also adopted methods of controversv. In conclusion he referred to the suceess of the missidnary: eff:art, a ear- nestly pleaded for continued support oUotelgfl miscions. The speaker's and chairman's services were ackilow- legcs3 by the Rev. W. George. Tbe collection at the meetiag realised £9 15s.

\ - .

5

2bbirtiseinent not elaostarti

1.9.1k1 &DIAN FARlNG.—lmmedwe openings for pupils. kJ board, lodging ant pay. Ikeelleut prn3peas,-111Tallir HOWDEN. 46 High-screet,, Sheffield.

ClWanted for House and Shoo. Neat and honest. Ad- kX dress.—DßlP&B, 611, Elyde-road, Gorto4 Manche' ter.

PDUGS, two Dow, one Bitch, 11 weeks old; alio Black Tan Terrier Bitch, the ben house clog In England, all reel beauties.-27, CROSS-STREET, Bradford. Manchester.

WANTED, strong GENERAL, wash and iron. fond of Children, age 21.--Alrs. Pics.caos, 23, Belle Vue Terrace, Bury, Lancashire.

WANTED for January 2nd, respectable Gen ,ral Servant, no washing three in family; comfortable situati 2. —Apply 14, GIBSON'S-ROAD, GeAtoßChapel.

SBELVANT to wash and plain cook; good home to soli:able party, from 20 to 30 years of age; character in4ispenaa- ble two la family ; chince seldom met with.—Address 55, Loire MILLGATE, illanche3ter.

THEATRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE, sr. HELENS.

Sole Proprietor and Manager. also Lessoe of Theatre Royal, Sheffield. and Thf.atro Roval, Leicester, MR. WALLACE REVILL Acting Manager and Treasurer, MR. RICHARD SOARS. MONDAY. DECEMBER 23an, 1895, cuatsrmas HOLIDAYS. For Five Nights and One Day Performance, Production of Mon. Rlucicault's Irish Drama SCIAUGFIRAUN.

_ By desire, and for the convenience of parties residing in the surrounding districts, there will be a

DAY PERFORMANCE OF THE SHAM RAUN ON , BOEING D

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2611.1'. Doors open at 2 o'clock, commence at 2.15. Children under 12 years of age half-price to all parts. New Scenery by J. 1. KEEN. New Costumes and ET-eta.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ORIGINAL MUSIC.

ADMISSION :—Private Boxes, £224. and £1 M. Dress Circle, 3s. (Front Row Dress) ; Orchestra Stalls, 24. ; Upper Circle, 13„ 61. ; Pit Stalls, 14. ; Pit, 81. ; Amphitheatre, 6 1. ; Gallery, 41. Half-price at 9 o'clock to all parts, Amphitheatre and Gallery excepted. Seats mar b 3 booked h3tween 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. daily. DOORS OPEN at 7, commences at 7.30, Satur- days, half-an-hour earlier. EARLY DOORS will be opened at 6.30 each evening. Parties wishing to avoid the crush will he admitted Dy same on payment of 21, extra to Gallery, 31. to Amphitheatre, 41. to Pit, and Bch extra to any other part of the Theatre.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RODSHAM.

MITTLIAL 1311'11017FAIENT CLASS.-1 meeting of this class was held on Thurday evening last, when ths Rev. 0. de P. Gliddon, of Eraßon, delivered an interesting lecture on ".Joan of Arc." The lecture embraced the history a this heroine from Oarly childhood, as well as the fascinating narrative connected with the task which had been aesigned to her of deli Vering her beloved land from the tyrants' sway. A vote of than was aecordeti to the rev. gentleman, on the motion of the Rev. R. Renton, secended by Mr. E. J. Guest, J.P„ of Helsby. MARK MASONRY.-0a Thursday the minuet festival'of St. John in connection with the Da Tabley Lodge of Mark Master Masons, N 396, Frodsham, was held 41 , the Masouie Rooms, Main-street. Owing to the un- avoidable absence, through illncss of• Bro. Holland, W.M.M., the chair was occupied be Bro. Heywood. Tba installation of Bro. S. Davies, Worshipful Mark Master, was proceeded with, the ceremony being efElien ly and impressively performed hy Bros. Heywood and White. The newly-installed master afterwards appointed and invested his officers for the ensuing year as follows,viz. —I.P.M. Bro. J. B. Holland ; senior warden, Bro. F. A. Smith ; junior warden, Bro. T. D. Timmins ; treasurer, Bro. John Ashton; secretary, Bro. J. K. Digges ; di- rector of ceremonies, Bro. 11. E. Hey wood ; master overseer, Bro. A. Tile ; senior overse:r, Bro. J. G. Kydd ; junior overseer, Bro. Dr. Selby ; and tyler, Bro. John Roberts.

roues COURT.—IlefoTe Mr. A. Thornaa and Mr. Thno: Riby, on Thursday morning, John Ryan was charged with being drunk and ditorderly at Dunham railway station at 6 p.m. on the 18th inst.—Sergeant Hunt gave evidence a, to finchng the prisoner drunk and disorderly. —Thomas Edge, railway porter,said he saw the prisoner come to the railway station. The Station Master re- fused to let him travel by the train. fie then commenced to use threatening language, and they had to put him off the station three times.—He was fined 103. and Costs.

Tao WESLEYAN Cracurr.—The quarterly meetinz cf ' the represt-ntatives of the Frodsham Circuit was hal at Trinity Chapel, on Wednesday afternoon. After partak- ing of the tea kindly provided by Mr. and Mrs. T. R. Carter,the usual business was gone into, the Rev. Robert Renton presiding. From the numerical statement read by the Chairman, it appeared that the total membership of the circuit, including 14 juniors, was 274. The met- ing passed a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. Carter, who has acted in the capacity of senior circuit, steward dur- ing the past three years, and it was desired that he should be re-elected to the office, but as Mr. Carter refused to serve, Mr. John Norcross, of Kingsley, was unaoimously elected, and Mr. Peter Booth, of Frodsham. was elected to the office vacated by Mr. Norcross, the, unior circuit stewardship.

"MEMORY AGAINST MEMORY." Thomas Unsworth, butcher, Buttermarket-street, sued Henry Hartley, butcher, Priestley-street, at the Warrington County Court, on Tuesday, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, for £6 6s. 2d., the balance owing for butcher's meat supplied by the plaintiff to the defendant Mr. C. H. Unswortk appeared on behalf of the plaintiff, and Mr. Arthur Browne for the defendant. The plaintiffs case was that he had supplied to the defendant, nine sheep and other butcher's meat which came to a value of £l9 IG3. 2d., and that he had received from the defendant a cow for £l3 10a.,which he had credited, leaving the balanc-i which was claimed. Ile denied that he had ever received payment for it. Cross- examined by Mr, Browne: Re did not remember buying a beast off the defendant at Frodsham, in October, 1894, and paying defendant £l7 for it, receiving is. back forluck. He also denied that the defendant paid him £6 in the spring of 1893. Ile admitted that he had never sent the account for the present claim until the spring of this year,although the account became due in 1892. It was not cus- tomary te give receipts.—Mr. Browne submitted that it was a case of oath against oath. Here there were two respectable butcbers, one of whom said that the amount wcis owing, and the other that he had paid it, and it was for his Honour to decide which party was speaking the truth. He reminded his Honour that the plaintiff's books were kept very loosely, and that he had no ledger account kept against the defendant. The defendant was then called,and gave evidence about the plaintiff buying a cow rff him at Frodsham for £l7, which the plaintiff denied in his cross-examination. At this ' point of the case, the plaintiff voluntary told the court that he now remembered all about it, and that it was quite true. The defendant also swore that in the spring of 1893, he had paid the .£6 odd after having credited for the Cow. His Honour said that it was a case of memory against memory, and in consequence of the loose way in which the. accounts had been kept, he was inclined to think that the defendant's statement was the correct one,. inasmuch as he seemed to remember every transac- tion,and more especially he thought that the plain- tiff's recollection was had because in the first place he denied in reply to Mr. Brown's cross-examination all knowledge about the transaction at Frocisham, I and then he admitted that it was correct. It was evident that his memory was at fault, and judg- ment would be given for the defendant.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS THEATRE ROYAL'

I Mr. Wallace Revill, the esteemed proprietor of the hanrisaina Theatre Royal. S. is making a " new depsri.ure " this year in regard to his Christmas produc- tions, and- instead ef the customary nantornime,a strong ,nornpanv hag been secure for the nr-sentation of Dino Roucicault's famous Irish drams, of" rhe Shau.thralin," which has always been popularly received in many parte of the country. As will he seen frnm our alvrims columns there will be a special illorninated day neiforna- !lnce on the aFt‘Tnnon of Boxing Day. It is to he hone I that Mr. Rh ill's nevr venture in regard to the Christmas holidays will prove a successful one.

OOKICHI4.ING.-10,111 instrnetions for keeping Trid.s- me,i's B-olcs. cly eletrly and elrreetly, Is. Id; te tride.—FßEEnlalUGH, Alliance Avenue, Hull.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
,

i

_ , _ ' ,

AMV3I6

===== 0002601_18951221_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
I

. .-. '7

• • _

• !!

e

t

"4. f,-;5

- rd. , 1:111;11;'47, „ A-42f,

•

,

. " •

I

===== 0002601_18951221_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
" ,

-±

===== 0002601_18951221_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18951221_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
TREMEZTDOUS REDUCTIONS.

GOLDRTONF, AND SONS', 115, 117%119, OXFORD-STRERT (right opposite All Saints Church), MANCHESTER.

THE LARGEST AND MoiT compLICTB SHOW OF HOITSEHOLD FURNITURE OUTSIDE LONDON. SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. BRosiE tDS, &c., AC.. BY ALL TIM BEST WAKERs, AT 2S PER CENT. BBLoW COST. CONDITIONS OF sALB.—AII 000ris racked and de- livered fr-e any distance. Railway fair paid to country customers. Goods stored free of charge until required. All articles re-polished and exchanged f not approved of. The PUBLIC ARE I NVI: ED TO CALI, A‘D SEE THE WONDBRFUL BARGAINS DOW being offered, the quality of the FUR NlTUREbeing A 1, and now sold at ttidicalonslv Low Prices to make room for sever 1 large houses of Furniture now stored away, having no room ti shov. them. Don't delay but call at once, and capture the iiargains now awaiting you. When you come to visit us you have no ex- pense. We pay vour Railway Fares, we Deliver the Goods Free, and you see what you Mina see in ',our own town that is £'o 000 wi-irth of good, substantial New and :•-econd- hand Furniture to Sel Ct from. Come to Mauchezter by all means, and Save fully 50 per cent of your hard-ol,rned money.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD SBOOND-HAND FURNITURE IS BETTER THAN NEW. THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITURR. •

-•-•------• £4 104. 01., worth £l2 10s. Od., very massive DINUNG-ROOM SUITE, in leather, large Couch, pair of Easy Chairs. and foot smalls, all made by smith. £4 15.. al. Very masive Solid tiahogany SIDE- BOARD with large bevelled glass back and shelves; originally eat nearly £2O ; jud been re-po'ished. Fitted with ir,wers and cupbora,d and all onveniences. £7 15.. Gi. worth ..£2O Very heavy DTNING- BOOM tiITE. In claret coloured leather, solid frames, an i small chairs padded ba•ks, just been re-upholstered and re-polished. Call and inspect. £7 174 6J,, eost when new £lB. Handsome SADDLK-BAG SUITE, solid frames, end beautifully uphols- tered Couch, pair of Ladies' and Gents' Easy hairs, and four sma t Chairs, all stuffed baers. Delivered free any distance. £l4 149. Od., co.t £3O. Grand Bargain in a secoro-kmd 9011 d Oak DI NI NG-I2OOM SUITE, by Radcliff consisting of the Couch, two Easy Chairs, and six Standard Padded Back Single Chairs, upholstered in green Morocco le dher, very little worn. in fact as good as new. £2 15.. ai. The massive DINING TABLE to match above suite, tea,difrilly-c.rved legs, well got up. Cod when new £9. Li 15s 0(1. Well worth £2O The very unique secead hand solid oak Sideboard, with lofty back, fitted with bevelled silvered pla' es, fitted with drawers, cupboards. celle-ette, and all the modern conveniences. Worthy of attention £SOO. 01. Very massive DINING-ROOM SUITE In real Morocco, upholstered with hair In solid walnut frames, large Carla. two Gentlemen's Easy Chairs and six Standard Chairs, with large stuffed backs, all eastored ' • 6rt American Walnut Side-oarcl to match, all silvered plates. bevelled drawe-s. cupboards, and shelves ; very heavy 6ft. Dining Table with extending screw and loose leaves, the Coal Vase to match. The lot honestly worth £l5O. Delivered and packed free of charge £1 5- 0.1. to £2O. Walnut, oak, mahogany and Cyprus DINING '''ABLES, in all sizes and makes, to suit everybody, in all sizes to suit every family. and at all prices to suit every pocket. Mind you, all Second-hand, at Second- hand Prices. 17s. 6d. to £56. All makes, sizes, shapes and woods In SIDEBOARDS. fror, the smallest size of 3ft. up to 8f t. long. Over 150 on view from some of the finest makers In the country.

THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS IN DRAWING- ROOM FURNITURE:

- - - - - £3 10g. 01.. originally cost 16 guineas. Elegant DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, in sold walnut, fitted, csro- plete with beasnifully silvered bevelled plates. A noble article. £5 19-‘. 61., ,worth £lO. Nice little DRAWING- ROOM SUITE, in Freize Velvet. Second hand, and very little used ' • good size Couch. pair of Easy Chairs, and four small Chairs, with padded backs, well upholstered. De- livered free. .£8 15s. Od., cost when new 25 guineas. Beautiful finished DRAWING-ROOM SUITE, in solid walnut frames, upholsterel in rich broca.ie. velvet, old gold colour, all large pieces. very little soiled, brass castcred. A bargain. £lO 10s. Od.. worth £3O. Very handsome Chip- dendale DRAWING-ROOM SUITE. in expensive Genoa vel- vet, nicely carved frames and well finished. Consists of Settee, pair of Easy Chairs, and four Occasional Chairs,

cheap. £9 15s. Od. Second - hand CHIPPENDALE CABINET, by Ogden. worth £25. Beautifully carved in bas relief, and all silvered plates bev,..l!ed ; the underneath portion is fitted with glass-panelled doors and shelves, for the display of bric.a brae. Also the CENTRE TABLE, to match, by the same maker, for 275. 64., worth £3. .£1 La. Od. DRAWING-ROOM BRASS SET com- plete, comprising heavy Curb, pair of Fire Dogs, and Set of Fire Brasses, all to match. Honestly worth £2 23. Gd. Fit

any hearth. £3O Os. Od. Very fine rosewood inlaid DRAWING. ROOM SUITE, upholstered in rich Genoa Velvet, with plush borders, all hair stuffed. Made by Oe.zman. The suite com- prises very fine double-sided Settee, ebgantly upholstered. pair of luxurious Easy Chairs, four em-ill Chairs with very tine carved backs, an I two small Occasional Chairs with padcbqd backs. Been in use or this season only, and not a bit worse f -r wear. £23 10s. Od. Second - hand rosewood inlaid DRAWING-ROOM CABINET, 41t. 61n, wide, with large fancy back glas- cupboards each side. Will match the above suite. Octagon Centre Table to match for 305., cost 50s. The Inlaid envelope Card Table, also temateli for 4 guineas; when new cost £lO 'I he rosewood inlaid Over Mantel from the same house, for £3 3s. oa., cost £6 let. Clci. This's a very line lot, and well worthy of attention. .E 3 194. 6d. Complete set of FIRE BRASSES, to- gether with massive Curb, nicely chased, pair of Dogs, and Stop. Will fit any ordinary hearth. Well worth £lO. All are well lacquered on church brass. THIS WEEWSBAhGA'NoIN BEDROOM FURNITURE. .£2 lOs Od. The Complete Second-hand Lot of FUP.NITURR, for Bedroom, consists of large size Dressing Table fitted with drawers ; Swing Glass; Washstand, fitted bottom board and drawers ; two Cane Chairs and Towel Rail : the lot cheap at £5. £5 ss. Od. Very Handsome Solid Walnut Pair of DUCHESS& STANDS heavy carved legs, fitted with bevelled-plate, and numerous jewel simmers and boxes to Dressing Table, and large marble slab to Washstand, just been re polished, and are equal to new; well worth £lO. .E 6 154 Od., cost when new .£2O. The handsomest Pair of TOILET TABLES In Manchester. All Solid. Large bevelled ally-red glass, all drawers and cupboards in both, real marbl, slab and tile back, and bevelled silvered glass in washstand ; all castor-r1 and brass handled. a 15s. Od. Solid Satin Walnut BEDROOM SUITE, compri, ing large Wardrobe, with silver plate in door ; pair of enclosed Toilet Tables, with towel rail and pot Cupboard attached ; two Cane Chairs, just been repolished and overhauled ; made by Herman, worth £25. £l3 I3s. Od. The finest Second-hand SUITE at ' the price in Manchester. Large size Wardrobe, fitted with drawers and hanging compartment. large bevelled plate in door ; pair of well-constructed Toilet Tables,with swing glass to both dressing table and washstand, marble slab and tile back, both on castors : Towel Rail and pedestal Cupboard attached : and three Cane Chairs. Well worth £2.0, £l6 16s. Od. American walnut BEDROOM SUITE, by Doveston,comprising large Wardrobe, with bevel- led silvered plate in centre door, and large drawer below, inside fitted for hangings, and beautifully lined in sateen ; pair of elegantly-constructe4 Toilet tables, both fitted with bevelled glass in backs, both fully castored. Towel Rail and pedestal Cupboard combined, and three Cane Chairs. A marvel of cheapness, Honestly worth £35. £200.. Od. Very fine BEDROOM SUITE in American and Italian walnut ; all solid and no worse for wear, The fall complement of pieces. Well finished; worth £4O. £l7 Os. 01., worth £45. Solid satin walnut BEDROOM SUITE. same nomber of pieces as above Suite, tut a bit smaller. Capital value. SOO Os. Ø. i. The entire CONTENTS of a beauti- fully FURNISHED BEDROOM fit to adorn the house of a Duke. The lot consist of a Bedroom Suite that baffles description, made by Hill, of Glasgow. solid American walnut, with Italian walnut panels, large silvered bevel plate in door of Wardrobe, the other doors fitted with transparent bevelled plates, with plush behind, fitted with drawers, cup- boards, and nicely lined in sateen to match. The pair of handsome Toilet Tables with side mirror, large swing glass in centre both to dressing table and washstand, three upholstered Chairs. Towel Airer, and Bedside Pedestal. Very massive Parisian Bedstead in solid brass square pillars. upholstered in rich French tapestry and plush. The upholstered spring Mattress, hair Overlay. Bolster, and two large feather Pillows, large Carnet, and gilt Chimney Glass. The above was never bought under £250, and is fully worth that amount. Bs. 91. to £25. The FINEST BIIOW OF BRASS AND IRON BEDS rit,kosi IS LANCASHIRE, CHESHIRE, YORKSHIRE and STAFFORDSHIRE. All sizes from 3ft. to sft. 6d., in French, Parisian. Italian walnut and satin walnut; any price to suit you. You would do well to call and inspeot our Bedstead and Bedding Department. It will astonish you and give you some idea of what we are doing. GOLDSTONE AND SONS' SECOND-HAND FURNITURE.

£l5 vv+rth £5O Cornplete House of SECOND-HAND FURNITURFC, consist ng of parlour, kitchen, and two bed- rooms, everything compete.

T_T OUSES CONIPLETELY FURNISHED at a FRW HOURS' NOTICE. from £5 to £l,OOO. Com- petent men sent out all over the country to give estimates and fit up. No charge to the purchaser. Give us a call ; we charge nothing for showing von over our vast establishment, and if you don't see anything that will tempt you, you will be more thou hard to please,

RAILWAY FARE PA ID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS.

NOTE OUR ONLY ADDRESS THE NOTED HOUSE FURNISHERS,

GOLDSTONE AND SONS', 115, 117, 119, OXFORD-STREET, Immediately Opposite All Saints' Chure

MANCHESTER.

0 d Trafford, Drool< s' Bar, Palatine-road, and Oxford-street, Trams pa s the door, Fare hi. from Market-street.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
por 11

the method and results when the genuine and original SYRUP OF FIGS is taken; it is pleasant and refreshing to the taste, and acts gently yet promptly on the Kidneys, Liver, and Bowels, cleanses the system effec- tually, dispels colds, headaches and fevers, and cures habitual constipation. SYRUP OF FIGS is the only remedy of its kind ever produced, pleasing to the taste and acceptable to the stomach, prompt in its action and truly bene- ficial in its effects; prepared only from the most healthy and agreeable sub- stances, its many excellent qualities commend it to all and have made it the most popular remedy known. SYRUP OF FIGS is mant.factured only by the

S4Y9AL / ... -,,..,:t. :k. ~...;., • ,';-.::..,,w /eh' ''......:4 ~,,,"11:„?,,, ~....,, ..,.., ...,- . ~.„.„ . . ~,:e.vok -',i,::,, .. ..,,V. 7; '4e.•'--#- 'l.,?4's? 12e.'• t. b ,"ir ' If pry' :,'''',4,l' i? f.,. ''', • ' '' 10 ' -.'''''VR(6,, • ' ' .. :,..4 4y cy4 , , • • 0., !,* • . vv• •-.1" '',;AW ~-*?' . 4-4., ONE ENJOYS both

===== 0002601_18951221_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
CRIiIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.

If you get it, you will have the true remedy; but if. you accept any preparation made by some one else, under a similar name, you will be disappointed. Remember, the original SYRUP OF FIGS is mann' factured by the

California Fig Syrup Co.

Of all Chemists, Is. lid. & 2s. 9c1., or post free on receipt of price from the Depot for Great Britain and Colonies: 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON, E.C.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

RETURN OF TROOPS FROM ABROAD.

On Sunday afternoon, a number of soldieM arrived in Warrington from Halifax, Nova Scotia. The men, who were all in fairly gond health, had been abroad for a great number of years,and arrived' in Liverpool on Sunday morning after having hada rough passage. The troops who belotigPd to the Bth King's Liverpool Regiment, the Berkshire Regi- ment, and the Ordnance Store Corps, were to have. been landed at the Riverside Station, but owing to the heavy seas which were running at the time,they disembarked in the Alexandra Docks. HonsarroLn LINENS. hemmed and marked free of charge. and W. Dutton, Sankey-a.. Warrington.— Atha. LAMPS -J S Garland Irodmon Tr,Warringtoa. WARRINGTON WESLEYAN M ETHODIST QUARTERLY

MEETING. The December quarterly meeting in connection with the above circuit was held on Monday even- ing in the Bold-at. schoolroom. The chair was oc- cupied by the Superintendent minister, the Rey,, Owen Watkins, and amongst the members present was the Rev. G. D. Mason, Rev. W. G. Triggs, Rev. John Gunnell, ViSa Bessie Dutton, Messrs. W. Ben- nett, R. G. Henshall, W.Silcock, R. Garnett,J.P. Richardson,J. Toff, J. Shaw-Green, J. Hartley,J.'W. Hayward, J.P., &c.—The numerical statement showed that there were 1,052 members, an increase upon the year, after allowing for deaths and re- movals. The financial statements presinted by the- Stewards were considered satisfactory, a special effort having been instrumental in reducing, the debit balance very considerably.—Votes of thankil to the retiring officials were duly passed, and the following were appointed officers fir the ensuing year ;—Messrs. W. B-nnett, and R. a Henshall, circuit stewards; Mr W. Silcock, secretary to the quarterly meeting; Messrs. R. Cooke, and A. H. Dunn. circuit chapel secretaries ; Mr. James SuMi- mesogill, treasurer to the horse hire fund ; Messre. J. Shaw-Green and W. Silcock, auditors.—Mr. Bit Garnett proposed that a memorial be sent to the President of the Conference, upon the dreadful bar-- barities and massacres now being daily perpetrated upon the Christian populations' under the Turkish rule, and calling* for action on the part of united Europe. He read most harrowing details which appeared in that, day's paper,and the re.olution most heartily carried. Sympathetic reference waft made to the recent massacre of certain members ot Professor Thoumainn's family in Armenia. A con- versation upon the apoarent want of interest wamasonfoelsltowceerdtabiyn asercetinolnustioofn TtitheChristian Church at we a., a Church do our utmost to promote the holding of a towu'll noon thp .111,1 w 2, YEAR BY YEAR adyane-s am made in the production of Chriqma Cards and this year's design' exeel those of any'. other. This Is apparent from an in 4.-eetion of the stock of Mr. JOHN B. qtationer, 34, Dri 'ge-streA, and 23, Buttermnrket-street. whose collection of Cards Is now COM" niete. and emhraaas exoniaita example. nt the graphics 5' For those who desire tasteful greeting cards, I Mr. GliEllg ahtl7de niStVadieehat:Periciaci,titrdsof ca3dn.naontdbe4da.nCrapVes. and for qusliti has also a choice assortment of Celluloid CPadrds bMr Gexßeing higher prices. and these Cards will make en luring souvenirs of the festive season. The colleetion further includes variel vof 6d. and Is. boxes nf Cards of newest design. Yor Christmas presents Hr. JOHN s. GREEN ho ds a large and varied stock a Albums, Pu,sen, Photo Frames, Ladies' Bags. Pocket Books, Writi-g Desks, Inkstands, Pencil Cases. Bibles. Prayer Bo,lcs Prayers and Hymns in Cases. Wesley's Hymns, gankey's go,,gs, Annuals, O. An inspse- Mon of the stock at sithe- 51 Pridaa-street, or 23 Butter- market-street, will be profitable to intending purchasers: Advt.

PRESENTATION Ols PRIZES TO SILVER-STREHT ScHOLARB. The annual concert and prize distribution in cond. nection with the Silver-street Day School took place on Tuesday evenitr, in the Bold-ctreet school- room. There was a crowded attendance, and the chair was occupied by the Mayor (Councillor Fair- dough), who was accompanied by the Mayoress. The Mayor congratulated the School Management Committee upon the excellent results whiel their work had brought forth during the past Yecr• number The school was worthy of the support of all, for i was the t of sacnhsool ars f giving w i t ho uag opduetdt putting t a t ihne ttoo Ina r n'e the great expense of a School Board. A School Boarl was a very expensive organization, and added greatly in some towns to the rates. For instance la Scarborough the School Board rate was 2s 6d. in the £. How would the ratepayers of Warrington like to pay such a All in addition to their present rates? He, well deserved encouragement and assistance. (Hear' therefore, thought that the committee hear.)Several of the scholars then proceeded to sus- tain a capital programme, consisting of choruses, , drills, action songs, dialogues, &C. During the. 1 evening the Mayoress distributed a large nnmber lof books as prizes to those scholars who had sue. ceeded in gaining the highest number of marks for regularity of attendance, good work, and good con- duct. The customary votes of thanks closed the efl. terta inment. SRN, ING Rand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 With handsome walnut coven—J. and Durros• 4166 and 18, Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt. MAcErcFP. ' OILS.—GARLAND, Importer, 61, Bridge-street, Warrington. CHILDREN'S CONCERT AT OnFoRD. An entertainment was given by the chilareti attending the Orford day schools in the school room on Friday evening week. Mr. P. n. - DeuP ham, Orford House, presided, and there was a large attendance. Part 1 consisted of recitations, songa' choruses, dialogue and drill. An operetta. entitled "A Bundle of Sticks" made up Part ,the respec- tive characters being Santa Claus, Mr. A. Grounds ; Aunt Rachel, Miss M. A. Cann Mabel, Miss A. L. Corbett; Molly, E. Watson; Dick, B. Corbett ; Dot, H. Welfare ; chorus, school children. It is a piece which is full of interest from the commencement until the curtain is drawn,and its performance me with a heartyt reception. Mr. Grounds made capital St. Nicholas, whilst Miss M. A. Cann and a Miss A. L. Corbett took their respective parts per fectiv. The third part of the programme was nne- cellanous. The concert throughout was a decided success, the singing of the children being eqoecially effective, and great praise is due to Mr. Cann, the „ ' head master, and his assistants for the the excellen ' results attending their efforts in training chil- dren, some of whom were very small. After a vote , of thanks had been a3corded to the Chairman for presiding and to Mr. Cann, the proceedings ter- minated with the National Anthem. SrMING MACHTNES Hand £2 10s• Treadle £4 45 with harulgome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18. Sankey-st,, Warrington.—Advt. -

===== 0002601_18951221_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
•- - - ------------ - -- ---- .

===== 0002601_18951221_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THY EXAMINER, SATUPDAY. DECEMBER 21 1895.

F,FO RE THE M kOISTRATES.

PIGEON AND FOWL KEEPERS SUMMONED.

John Betley, 26 Eliesmere-e.t., eaa charged at the Warrington Bor nigh Cour, last Friday, with keeping tnwl in surh a condition as to he a nuisance.—lnspector Norman said that the defendant kept pigeons and fowl and wheel notice was given to abate the nuisance, the . . _ _

- - pigeons were got rid of but not the fowls —The magis- trate, ordered an abatement of the nuisance to be made within three days and ordered him to pay 3s. 81. costs. following pigeon keepers were similarly dealt with : —Elizabeth BUrqess, 71 Wellingron st: ; Robert Deakin, 23 8,--swick-gt. ; Samuel Deakin, 27 13,-swiek•st, ; John Hickman, 10 Dick •neon s.; Albert Miller, 87 Birchall- st. Henry Howl, 87 Hoyle-st., a fowl keeper, was fined in the costs.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Wright, (chairmau) Dr. Gorilla'

and Conne'll;;r Roberts.

DERMTER.—Thomai Manning was remanded to await eseort on the charge of being a deaerter horn the Welsh Ft.el'eers rationed at Salford. •

lllREATS.—Jonithan Buckley Mellor. 18. Dallam-lane,was charged with usi three's towards Ellen Newell, 4, Dallam- lane, on December 18t.—Mr Arthur Browne, who repre- sented the plaint fr. cletai el the alleged threats which were o a disgusting eh ,racter. The d fend mt denied that he need ay hreats whatever, with the exception that he threatened that he wool I clean Mrs. Newall and several oth re with water If they would not make less nose out- side h s house. The case was dismissed. CRUELTY TO A NoR E.—lteoberx Booth nd dohn Booth. Rate + Bridges. Runcorn. were charged the fo .mer wit'l working the h rse while in an unfit Abate, on November 23. a. d the latter with causing it to be worked —lnspector Bli son, R.S.P.C.A., said that the first defendant was driving the horse atacherl to a carrier's cart in Buttermarket- st., on Be.let The fore legs were very much inflamed an 4 hot. When witness went to him about the horse, he pro- coral another to t 'lre the c•rt back to Runcorn. The horse ha l since been got rid of. The defendant was fined in the costs.

MONTIST—Befor. the Mayor (chairman), Allerman Harrison. a BEGGING PEST. -Ellen Kelly. 12 Stanley-st.eet, was chirgesi with being a highly disorderly p -num found begging in timer-street on Saturday afternoon at tess minutes past twelve. P.l. Bartow -aid he re. eived a complaint c c, rni g the woman who was begging from the workmen o: White ros works at pay time, He took her ihto weedy. It aupeared that the woman had only been in Warrington for few weeks and es longed to Liverpool. The beach derided to discha,ge the prisoner on har p,ontlain.s to return to Liver- s:mi.—Charles Has ham W.-avings, no settled abode was crarged with begg'nz in Hopwood-street. on Sunday after- noon. P.C. Berry who arrested the pri oner said that his pockets wee filed with bread and o' her eatables. The Chief, Constable sad that there were so many cornpla'nts about beggn that it amounted to a perfect pest. Prisoner was sen, to gao. fo, a mom h. Drtt,NrcENNEss —Th•unas Knolcton, 22 Etwo,d-street, was fineo,s3. and cs•ts for com oitting this often e, and for a simi- la, offence. Annie Ity n, Friars Green, a well-known charac- ter. wasfgi.en another chance. AN is-CONTEVENT ARTICLE TO STEiL.—Ellen Hall. Woods- court. Church-strem, was charged with stealing from the pawnshop of Ann aelcson, Church street. a cmantity of oil- cloth. valued 4s, 84 Mr. Talb .t sand that the worn n was ar- rested hy P.S. -mith on sus .icion. and when asked how she had got the oilcloth she said that her hoe had bought it, but when the pol the tens to send for the boy she the t ad• mitted stealing it from Jackson's pawnshop.—Alderman Harrison : It was a very 1.-convenient thing to steal.—The Mayor She could not put it under her shawl,—(Laughter).— The Chief Constable : Nothing is too inconvenient for some people to steal.—The prisoner was sent to gaol for one month. -

OBS CRUCTIOX 01 6INNEY-STREET,—Williftol Budlovr, con- tractor, was fined 55 for leavin his lorry outs;de the Queen's Hotel trom 7.5 to 7.3) pan. on December and thus miming an ob•truction to tntffic.

A ROWDY C WINN RMLlC—Michael Murray and Peter Scully, two corner men were charged with being drunk and disorderly in !iilver-street, on Theember 10th. PC. Clark said that Murray and his brother had been fighting and the latter had beoken his leg. Witness was administering " first aid," when Scully made a r nning kick at him and but for P.O, illiamson, he wceild have been badly assaulted. With the agsistance f P.C. Williamson and P,O. Chrimes the prisoners were brouiht to the police station. The magistrates inflicted a penalty of one month's hard labour.

TUESDAY.— Before Mr. It. Garnett (chairman), and Dr. T. Starkey Smith. INDFCENCY.—CharIes Rooney was finest 5s including costs for being guilty of indecent behaviour in Buttermarket-st , the previous day. DRUNKENNESS.—John Kelly was fined ss, and cods for be- ng drunk and disorderly in Clothall-yerd, theilprevious night.

WEDNESDAY —Before Mr .113‘,n Faircloagh (chairman), and Mr. J. H. Fleming. A SVSPICIOUS POSSESSION —James v'alsh was charged with heinc found in possession of a woman's shawl the pre- vions night which was suppo ed to have been stolen.—De- tective Monaghan said that he met the defendant in Mersey- street carrying a woman's shawl Witness thought it Vlfle a suspicictis circumstance and he asked where Walsh bed got it from. and he replied that it had belonged to a woman who had been sent to gaol and she had given it to him. The prisoner was takea to the police station as this answer was not satisfactory On the application of the Chief Constable, the defendant was -emanded until Saturday.

NEWTON PETTY SFSSION3.

SA.TIIRDLY.—Before Mr. T. J. Gillespie (chairman), Colonel

J. L. Wood, Mr. C B. F. Borto I. Mr. R. Stone.

DOG AT LARGE. Patrick A. Frost. Newton, was fined 3s. 6d. for allowing his doll to Pea large unmuzzled OBSTRUCTION OF THE FOOTPATH.—WiIIiam Riley was fined sp. and costs for obstrueti g the footpath in High-street, Newton, by. leaving hi horse and cart for ten minutes on November 2Eth, with^ut just cause.

USING A. GUN WITHOUT LICENSE.—Thomas Holden was fined 10s. and costs for using a gun on November 27th. on the line to Havdock, without having a license to do so. The defendant said that there were eight or nine men who used the gun. DRUNICENNESS.—Lawrence Dunn, Golborne. was fined Ss. and costs for this offence. For a similar offonce, Alfred Mitchell, Go'borne, was fined 2s. Ed. and costs ; Catherine Garry, Haydock. 2s. 6.1. and costs • Henry Crosby. Haydock, 2s. 6d. and costs ; Thomas Mulroyd, llaydock. ss. and costs.

ALLEGED ASSAULT ON A WIFK.—WHIDIM Davies, 236, Florida Cottages. ilaydock, was charged with assaulting end beating his win Elizabeth Ellea D.vies. on November 29th. A separation enter was also applied for. The comnlainant said that on the night in question, her husband came home and commenced to make a bother. She was in bed at the time, and he commenced to thump and kick her to such an extent that she had to run out to the next door. There had been rows orevimisly.and she wished tube separated from her husband. Evidence was given In support of the wafe's state- ment. P C 1293 said that h. had a great deal of trouble to get the child from the defendant on the night In question. He was then under the influence of drink.—The defendant, said that he wished to live wine his wife and be comfortable. It was drink that was the. c.use of his misb.havlour, and he would promisethat he would give up the drink in future,and amend. The wife h ,wever refused to agree to go back to the husband, and the bench adjourned the case for a fort- night DRUNK IN CHARGE OF • HORSE AND CART.—Owen Gal- lagher was discharged on the eh rge of being drunk and dis- orderly while in charge of a horse and c art on December I^th. —P.O Blazkburne and P.S. Htge proved the case—The prisoner denied that he was drunk and called several wit- nesses in support of his stat-ment Inchading Dr. Dowling who Said that the priioner was indignant and exciteable at the charge brought against him. There was not however the slightest stagger ha his gait. He asked him to do several things whi^h convinced him that he was not drunk. The Bench dismissed the case.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Major Harlebnrst, Messrs. S. Taylor arid F.

J. Norman.

Doe OWNERS FINED.—John Ainsworth, waterman. 60, Byron-street, wee charged with allowing his dog to be at large without muzzle or collar Defendant stated that he did not think it was necessary as the animal was not six months old. He was fined ss. including costs.—Jernes Billington. builder, Bridgewat.r-street, Was fined a, like amount for a similar offence. THE MANCHESTER Mum—John Derwell Widders agent to the executors of the late William Rigby, owners of the Man- chester House, Bridge-street, was summoned for allowing a nuisance to exist there. Mr. P. A. Lake appeared to prose- cute on beha'f of the Runcorn '..Trban District Council. Mr. Wielders stated that he was not the agent and had nothing to do with the prorertv. He could perhaps throw some light upon the matter. It was Mr. Toft that should have been summoned. Mr. Lake said he would take Mr Wielders' word and summons Mr. Tort. He wou'd ask leave to withdraw the present summons. This Was agreed to. THE RAILWAY HOTEL. —James Chambers W,lie again applied for permission to sell at the Railway Hotel, lately occupied by Henry Darlington. Superintendent Okell ex- pressed himself setisfied with the testimonials of the appli- cant, and the appllestion was granted. .

EXTIECIV9ION OF TlME.—Jamrs Coyle, landlord Of the Weaver Hotel, Weston Point, applied for and was grnnted nn extension of time for one hour on the occasion of the Tontine Club supper. - _

DBTINX AND DISORDTCRLY.-31MOS MCCO.IIIeI7, a stranger in the tfmn was tined sa. inclu ling c )ste for being drunk and. disorderly in hireenway-road the previous night.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

LAST WEEK'S TRAFFIC.

During the seven days ended Friday. December 13th, 111 seagoing vessels, with an algregate net registered tonnage of 35,504 tong, arrived at and sailed from the various docks, wharves, &c.,on the Ship Canal,as against 115 vessels of 33,691 registered tons in the preceding. week. The coastwise traffic was again exceptionally large, being represented by 87 vessels of 20.118 tons, against 90 vessels of 18,403 tons, the foreign trade was somewhat below the average, 24 vessels of 15,386 tons having usEd the canal, as compared with 25 vessels of 15,488 tons in the previous seven days. Amongst the cargoes imperted were thirteen of general merchandise, eight of china stone and clay, four of pig iron, two of timber and wood pulp, two of green fruitome of cotton and grain from America ,and one each of setts, boulders, macadam, limestone, slate, rock salt,.alt cake,copperas, tinplate bars,and steA billets. Twenty-five general car- goes were exported (including two to Bombay and one to Brazil), four of coal, and ore of salt.

TO MOTHERS.—Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, aud the little cherub awakes "as bright as a buttqa." Of all chemists, is. I,lcl. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
From the " Morning " (London) Thursday, December 12th.

VACCINATION OF POOR CHILDREN.

ACTION BY THE CAMBERWELL GUARDIANS.

"Last night, at a meeting of the Camberwell Board of Guardians, a long discussion took place with reference to an item in the Infirmary Committee's report respect- ing the vaccination af a child eight days old, the daughter of an inmate of the Constance Road Work- house, who stated that, in consequence of the vaccina- tion, the child had suffered from eczema. "The Medical Officer reported that in his opinion the disease W 49 not due to vaccination. " Miss Evans moved 'That it be an instruction to the Medical Officer that in future no child in the worknouse be vaccinated under the age of six, if the mother object to the operation.' She said it had been proved beyond doubt that vaccination was a source of veat danger to life, and that it was respon,ible lot the spread of disease. No doubt the child in question had contracted eczt ma from anather child. As for the Medical Officer's state- ment, it was well known that doctors never put down anything as being due to vaccination. "Mr. Gordon seconded the motion. He thought it scandalous that persons should be compelled to have their children vaccinated at such an early age hecauee they happened to be poor, and, in consequence, were in the workhollAe.

" Mr. Woodman supported the motion. and said it was beyond dispute that two-thirds of the population of the country contracted swine kiPd of disease from vaccina- tion. It was bad enough to ho forced to vaccinate chit- dren.without making it necessary for the foul operation to he done at so termer an age. _ . . . . .

" The Clerk pointed out that the Medical Officer of a workhouse WhS bound, by the orders of the Local Government Board, to have an inmate vaccinated if he thought it necessary, and in the present case the Officer had thought it necessary. Therefore,if the Board passed the resolution, they sore placing the officer in an awk- ward preeicament. The motion practically overruled the Board's regulations. _ _ . . . .

"After further discussion,the motion was adopted by 10 votes to 2."

The above clipping, accompanied by a strong letter, was sent to our office by a local medical man. The note proceeds thus : " 'Taur excellent medicine, V. V. V., was never more urgently required than at present. Hav- ing thoroughly tested it in my practice I am fully alive to its value in the prevention and cure of the diseases ot vaccination. Many of the Profession are with you at heart, but dare not allow their names to be used. Time and the spl.ndid re.ults of your medicine will yet make V. V. V. a regular prescription. I regret I cannot allow you to publish my name." [We make no comment on the above,as we have never seen the need and the remedy so clearly explained before. —The V V V. COMPANY, LIMITED To be had of all Chemists at 2s. L. per bottlror from the Vaccination Virus Vanquisher Company, 31, Snow Hill,London,E C. ,from whom anyone may obtain gratis a pamphlet on the subject

===== 0002601_18951221_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIGAN MURDER.

EXECUTION OF WINSTANLEY.

Elijah Winstanley, aged 31, collier, Wigan, was exe- cuted on Tuesday morning at Walton Gaol, Liverpool, for the murder of Railway Detective Kids, at Wigan. No representatives of the press were admitted, and the only intimations the crowd outside the gaol had that tne execution had been carried out were the hoisting of the black flag and the tolling of the bell at eight o'clock. Among those present at the execution were the Governor and Deputy Governor of the prison, Dr. Hammond and Dr. Beamiii, medical officers, Mr. H. L. Wright, under sheriff, and the Rev. D. Morris. the chaplain, who spent some time in the condemned cell on Tuesday nod administered Holy Communion to the prisoner. The chaplain stated that Winstanlev had behaved with great fortitude and resignation,but without the slightest trace of bravado,beinc, eviden,ly sincerely sorry for the crime he had committed. Billington was the executioner. The drop was 7 feet, and death was instantaneous. Since his conviction Winstanley had occupied one of the usual condemned cells,and from the first he had been resigned te his fate. During the visits of his family and relatives his chief anxiety was to learn what was likely to be the ultimate fate of Kearsley,who. he had all along a.rerted, was not directly concerned in the murder of Kidd. When, therefore,the announcement of the reprieve of Keanley was made kmawn to him he expressed the gratitude he felt, and looked as if a lead had been lifted from his mind. Soon after he relapsed into a state of apathy, in which he remained to the end.

At the inquest on Winstanley's body evidence wag given by the prison Governor and the doctors that the execution was carried nut in a skilful manner, death being instantaneous. The usual verdict was returned that the sentence had been properly carried out.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ANCIENT AND MODERN METHODS OF PRODUCING IRON.

At the last meeting of the 57th Session of the Liver- pool Polytechnic Society. 1104 in the Royal Institution on Monday lath inst., Mr. Thomas Morris, P.G S., of War- rington, delivered his retiring address as President of the Society. The subject chosen was "Ancient and modern methods of producing iron,' one which gave the lecturer ample scoDe of using to advantage his practical and theoretical knowledge, obtained by many rears ex- periences. Mr. Morris introduced his subject by quoting from Mr. Thomas Turner's work "The Metallurgy of Iron," and referred to a specimen of the metal in the Briripth Museum, which is believed to date from B.C. 3733, thus showing that iron was in use before the early

bronze period. Reference was made to the recent re- searches of Mr. A. Henry Rhine], and his exploration of the taamb of Selhan, which had not been opened for 2.000 years, and in which lustrous and pliant pieces of iron were discovered. Mr. Morris gave proofs which dispelled the idea of the non-existence of pure native iron; exemplifying the rich veins discovered in Siberia, supposed to be the result of some volcanic eruption. It was then pointed out that iron was made in this coun- try before the invasion of Caesar, the mines of Sussex bovine been worked before the Roman Conquest: an in- ' teresting description being given of the furnaces and methods used in those days. He next spoke ef the means resorted to by the savaee tribes of Asia and Africa for iron producing. Mr. Morris then described the "Catalan" process, and remarked on the similarity be- tween that, and the present Swedish method of iron making; dilating en the different kinds of fuel, and the expense attached thereto. An explanation was given of "direct prncesses " for iron manufacturing, and it was shown how the attempts in America had proved to be commercial failures. Flo teen spoke of Dudley, the first successful patentee connected with use of pitcoal, (patent granted 1621), hut Dudley was only able to pro- cluce'at first three, and subsequently seven tons of iron weekly. Mr. Morris described fully the present methods by which the various kinds of iron are produced, the descriptions tieing accompanied with many technicali- ties and details both novel and instructive.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SALES AND CURES PROVE THE MERIT OF HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA.

The enormous sales of Thod's Sarsaparilla and its wonderful cures prove indisputably even more than has ever been claimed for the medicine, and give it a clear right to the title of the one true blood puri- fier prominently in the public eye to-day. We chal- lenge any medicine to show an appreciation at home like that which hak been accorded Hood's Sarsa- parilla. Such results as have attended the use of Hood's Sarsaparilla could come only from absolute merit, and the steadily increasins demand unmis- takably proves that the people sppreciate Hood's Sarsaparilla. GIVES US STRENGTH.

WEAKENED SYSTEM GREATLY BENEFITED BY HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA. " Gentlemen,—My husband has taken Hood's Vegetable Pills, and finds they do him a lot of good, and he strongly recommends them to those suffering from headache and tired feeling. Seeing the names of the well-known herbs used in Hood's Sarsaparilla in one of your circulars, I was induced to try Hood's Sarsaparilla. and found it relieved the dreadful nervous pains I was suffering from.pro- needing from a diseased spine and nerves. After I had taken it a few days I gave it to my husband who was suffering from a ruptured spine bone. After he had taken it two days he began to feel much better, and we are still taking it. It helps us daily through our daily work." Mrs. M. A. MOORE, 4. Garfield Place, fiallsham, Sussex.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A JADE A PERFECT CURE.

"I recommend Hood's Olive Ointment and Hood's Sarsaparilla for sores. I had a sore on my nose for nearly three months. I tried evervthing,but nothing did me any good. It nearly covered one side. One night in the middle of August a man called at nor house with hooks and papers, and I read one, which was all about Hood's •Sarsaparilla. I sent for a bottle of the medicine and a box of Hood's Olive Ointment, and after I had used it I was completely cured." ANDREW BAILEY, Sefter Farm, Faghani, North Bognor, Sussex. HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA.

Sold by All chemists. or sent post paid, 24. 91 or 4s 83., by C. I. Hoed and Co., 34, Snow Hill, Lominn, E.C. HOOD'S PILLS do not cause pain or gripe, but act gently and thoroughly. Is. lid. (No. 4).

===== 0002601_18951221_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTEsALu.

HO. G. BUSiEY & CO., are the leVing mak.rs of appli- ances for Foothill, Hockey, Golf. La!rosse and all Spo ts ,nd Games,Also for i.iymnasium and Physical Exercises. Illustrated Catalo4ue m ,y be obtained from Lund Dealers or the SPORTS MANIJF,CTORY. London S.E.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. WARRINGTON v. BRIGHOUSE RANGERS.

These teams met on Sturdy on the Wilderspool encloaure before about 2,oool:spectators. The Rangers are about the most powerful combination in the whole of the clubs in the Northern Union, and thus far have the lk.ast number of point scored a gainstlthem. Further not a single Lancashire club has lowered their colours, and they, therefore, came with a splendid reputation, and had the weather been fine at the time -for kicking off, tkere would no doubt have been a much larger gate. When the teams came on the field, the Rangers looked veritable giants, and they had almost their best possible team. Mr. J. Smith, of Widnes, officiated as referee, and the following were the players under his command. Warrington : FIePqAM, full hark ; Barber, Burton, Cross and Carey, threervarters ; Clark and Hottehton, half.hacks ; Burrows, Barrett. Fairhurst, Hill, Nevins, Andrews, Tayloranci Swift, forwards. Brighouse Rangers : abhor, full ball • Anderton, Lewis Brooke, warldingt-nn, and Flartley,th'reequartere; Ross and Croft, half hark,: ; Fluthea, Jaeger. Pit'lman, Earnshaw, Armitage, Sugden and E Sugden. forwards. It will thug he seen that Broady was absent from the Warrington team, his plane being taken by Carey. The game was commenced with commendable punctuality by Hill. Jagger returned and hr their superior weight the Rangers were anon on the Warrington line. Barely a minute from the start, Rosa was collared by Barber, Just in the nick of time. A smart dribble by Clark slightly relieved the pressure, hut Andert-nn was soon dangerous again. and he appeared likely ta score when Carey brought him to the ground These checks were only temporary however, for Ross pludine the home halves, passed to Brooke, and that planer by sheer force got over the line, with three of his opponents round him. Abbey had no difficulty in scoring a goal. Five points behind in three minutes looked ominous for Warring- ton. and Nevins having kicked off, some smart rdav by the Rangers headed by the old international, speedily set 111) another attack which Tfeesom and the home thresquarters had great difficulty in repelling. A good kick hr flremom at length raised the attack, and , smart dribbling by Fairhurst, Nevins, and Hill. further ' relieved Warrinetno. A line out took place at the half way line, and Taylor receiving the hall, smartly kicked it in the direction of Abbey. Re and Fairhurst followed no so quietly that the full hack was tackled with the hall in his possession and a scrimmage took Place in the visitors' territory the first time. Clark obtained possession of the ball, and passed to Cross, and thence the hall went to Burton and Barber, who ran down the field, hut was unable to get pest Hartley, who ran him in touch. The next scrimmage was in favour of the Rangers and hP an almost irreaistible dribble, lista hall was taken to the home lines once more, fleesnm making a wonderful save. This attack was, however.hnt brief, and passing between the Warrington throe-quarters. xurroltemented by a dribble by Clark. Rill. Taylor, and Nevins trans- ferred nlar to the npnoaite end, and Carey looked so well after Abbey, that the latter was enmnelled to kirk in touch right on the line. Hope rose among the War- rington snerdatora as the line out was taken, hut the Ranger's defence was ton good and the hall was taken in safer quarters. Half-time arrived with the galile in mid-field and with the Rangers leading hv a.gnal to nil. -•

The Inrals had the advantage of the wind in the latter half, and it was hoped that they would make is better show, hut none were prepared for the sensational start. Nichol! kicked off, and ('rose returned to half way. Warrington surceeried in getting, away, hut Abbey by a Inn. kick sent the ball into the home quarters. here Barber followed up a kirk, which reached beyond half way, hut owing to the hall rebounding, he misjudged the catch, and Lewis Brooke obtained tinssession. The latter player ran right through the crowd of his ()penn- ants to within a yard of the line, when he parted to Edgar Sugden, and the latter put the finishing touches to as fine a try as has been seen at Warrington this sea- son. Abbey again converted. Warrington attacked spiritedly after this reverse, and a good tun by Barber put his side on the aggressive. Warrington attacked hotly, hut several chances of scoring were let slip. Barber had exceedingly hard lines on one occasion, for he actually grit the ball ver the line hut was robbed by Abbey and only a minor was conceded After the kick nut, Warrington still pressed, though there were occasional visits to centre, but Warrinatnn mono. polished the attank almost exclusively. Barber at length by a kick and run caused a scrimmage to take place on the line, and a regular melee took place, during which Taylor managed to force himself and the ball over the Une, and thug scored a try for Warrington. Burton failed to kirk a goal. This event seemed to infuse resertr‘d spirit into the Tykes, and the came became fast and furious. At length Brooke again proved to be War- ringtnn'a evil genius, for he was instrumental in scoring another try at the corner, point which Andertnn was unable to improve. After this further reverse, Warring- ton played up manfully against the tremendous odds, and Brighouse had many an anxious time. flurton.harl he infused a Fele more energy into his kirk might on one occasion have dropped a goal, but the ball fell very much short. The Ringers' defence could not be pierced again, and when Mr. Smith gave the signal for the cessation ef hostilities, Brighouse Rangers had won the mat h by two goals, one try (13 points), to one try (three points.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. LEIGH.

At Runcorn on Saturday. The ground was in a greasy state, making good play well nigh impo.sible. The placers faced each other as follows :—RuncorA : Full hack, J. Butterworth ; threequarter backs, T. War- der. G. Robinson. H. Mvera,and W. Garter ; half hacks, J. Faulkner and W. Pendlehury ; forwards,W. Faulkner, W. Lightfont, A. Taylor, H. Williams, H Farmer, F. Gayter,S. Walker and G. Moores. Leigh : Full back ; T. Cnnmthreequarters,T. Wall work, Anderann,Snillane,and McCarthy: half hacks. T. Taylor and J. Mnlyneux ; forwards, P. Taylor. McMasters, France, Cheetham, Boardman, Shaw. Eccleshm and Roberts. Faulkner started in heavy rain. Molyneux returning. At once Runcorn went up to the Leigh goal line, Coop being :tompletely bothered. Faulkner made his mark opposite the Leigh posts. Warder, however,missed the kick,and Leigh forwards came away to the centre of the ground. Butterworth being tried he made returns to touch, thus gaining good ground, and for a time play was keen. A kick by Coop caused play in Runcorn quarters. W. Gayter intercepted Anderton's pass and raced off, Wall- work bringing him up, and later Robinson got away. Play continued very keen in mid field. Holding their own, the Runcorn forwards heeled out, giving Pendle- bury and Faulkner several chances; but so keen was the play of Leigh that no advantage could be gained, the wretched state of the ground spoiling all back play, and making the game dull. After the interval Coop started. and Butterworth returned. Later the same player fol- lowed up his kirk, and getting possession,raced over the line, but a knock-en spoiled the try. Afterwards Leigh came away, and matters were equal until a rush by the home side bothered Conn, and Runcorn pressed from a mark by Garter. Faulkner's kick dropped under the bar—an awfully near thing. Warder later on made a kick which gave his side great advantage. Following this, play was keen near the Runcorn line, Wallwork making a dash,but Butterworth and Myers brought him down. Having got in the Runcorn ground Leigh kent up a strong attack, playing a very keen game. the collaring being too rough and uncalled for. J. Faulkner started a relief movement, the forwards taking up the play to the centre of the ground, where the play was stopped through Pendlebury being hurt. He had to leave the ground, leaving Runcorn with fourteen men, Robin- son going half hack. With this advantage Lek h pressed, and a rough tackle injured Butterworth, the game being stopped again. An uninteresting game ended with Run- corn, nil ; Leigh, nil.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
HUDDERSITIELD v. WIDNES.

At Fartown before 4,000 spectators. lodge started for the home team, and the opening stage was fought on the Widnes line, and the visitors conceded a minor. Passing by the home forwards was smartly stopped by Nevitt, and then Risna n got hold and kicked over Lorri- man's head, but the home team relieved with a smart drihble. A judicious kick by Lorriman drove the visitora back, 'and Rispan kicked to Boothroyd, who ran over at the corner. The home backs fielded the ball splendidly on resuming, and Lorriman kicked across to floothroyd, who got off at top speed, and passed when close to the line to France, who completed a grand try. Lorriman made a good attempt at goal, the half-time score being Huddersfield, two tries ; Widnes nil. After the inter- val Drummond set the ball in motion. The home team opened with pretty pegging, and Brook came away with a quick dribble. France rushed up and scored a try, but failed at goal. In the next momrnt the ball was passed to Boothrovd, who (indeed grandly,and then passed to the forwards, who dribbled over, Sutcliffe scoring, and France kicked a anal. The visitors attacked en resuming, and Rispan was tackled by Lorriman on the line. Wood relieved with a useful run and kick,and the home forwards broke away, and Sutcliffe scored his second try. France failed to convert. The home team bad the best of the game, and Lorrimp getting posses- ion ran in a beautiful try, hut again a kick was a allure. Result :—Huddesfield, one goal and five tries , (20 points) ; Widnes, nil.

Tbr. Royal Laundresses say Critchley's '' STARCH (11,( ea Is unequalled for Imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen, &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall. says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your i' Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford . "Dear sir.— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-cal/e' Starch Glazes and Po'ishes, but find none equal to yours." It ia sßeilleekrsi; ur If n. l' n pn should be used in every house. Bold at Id., 3d., and ed., I y mns4cß staLrEa lt. not. inetomtr .2neAda. will procure it. 5. o

===== 0002601_18951221_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND DIVISION.

WARRINGTON "A" v. WIGAN " A."—The return match between these teams was played at Wigan on Saturday before a mere handful of spectators. Owing to heavy rain the ground was a perfect puddle and good play was out of question. Wigan started and at once made tracts for Warrington lines but found a stumbling block in O'Brien who transferred play to half-way. Prescott with a long kick was the means of Wigan again pressing ancl Buckley being collared on the line, things began to Icok black for the visitors. Spruce , cleared the danger, and Scott gain d half-way with a good dribble. Sharrock put Wigan again on the aggres- sive, Buckley failing to return. Lawless and Foster tried to break away but the effort was spoiled by a forward ' pass. MacNamara was almost over but Spruce saved cleverly near the line. Foden and O'Brien came away from the ensuing scrimmage and the Warrington for- wards reached halt-way with a good dribble. Scott , kicked well and tackling Seddon before he could return play rested in the home quarters. O'Brien dribbled over but only a minor resulted, and half-time arrived without any tangible score for either side. On the restart, Warringron pressed but could not score. Dixon and R rilton relieved and the Wigan forwards, adopting the rushing tactics, forced the visitors back ta their lines, Spruce averting the danger in grand style, for which he was loudly cheered. The weight of the Wigan for- wards now began to tell on the Warringtonians and tie game was strictly confined to their half. From a free kick Prescott landed a good goal. Warrington played with more dash on the restart and play settled at half way. W. Seddon kicked well and Mitchinson gaining possession passed to Dixon. and while the War- rington players were stopped, thinking that the hall was held, this player dropped a goal. Time was shortly afterwards called. Final scare Wigan one free kirk goal one dropped goal, Warrington nil. The following were the reams Warrington ; full back, Spruce ; three quarters,Buckley,Scott, Lawless, Forster. Half back Widen, O'Brien, forwards, Tho, nton, Bailey, Savage, Hampton, Scholtze, Monks, Hughes, Boyle Wigan. Full back, R. Seddon, three quarters Samuels, dlton, W. H. Seddon, Sharrock. half backs Dixon, Mitchinson, forwards. Kearslcy, Worthington, Mac- Namara, Prescott, Johnson, Derbyshire, Fairclough O'Hara

_ RUNCORN v. LEIGH ( TEAMS) —At Leigh on Siturday in miserable weather. The game was of a forward na- ture, passing and back play being out of the question, which naturally favoured the home team, who were much heavier. Both teams were fairly representative, and a punctual start was effected. It was soon apparent that the homesters had the advantage in the parks, and their rushing tactics mitigated any attempt on the part of the Runcornians for open play, the game being one series of scrimmages. After a quarter of an hour's play, following some kicking bet Ween the respective backs, Jolley, the visitors' custodian, was caught nipping, and the homesters scored an easy try. This was followed by another one, a good individual effort on the part of Shovelton, who made a splendid run, and passed at the right moment to one of his threequarters, who got over at the corner. The interval arrived with the score,Leigh two tries, Runcorn nil. On resuming the Runcornians at once took up an attacking position, and the game be- came very vigorous, the referee having to caution the home team for their rough tactics. The games was a series of scrimmages and line outs, and was very unin- teresting. The final result was Leigh two tries,Runcorn nil.

WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S V. WIDNES " A " TEAM.— This was played at Widnes on Saturday, before a fair gate. Ihe Saints had to find substitutes for Beenett and Mason. Widnes won the toss, the visitors kicking off against a slight wind. Both sides had their turns of attacking, but nothing was scored till close on half time, when after some scrimmaging on the Saints' "25," the ball was passed to Taylor, who scored, the goal kick failing. In the second half, the Saints pressed, but nothing further was scored, the wretched state of the ground preventing any good play. Result—Widnes "A." one try ; St. Mary's, nil.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

ST. ELPHIN'S V.BANK-ST. MISSION.--Played at Wilders- pool Causeway,on Saturday. Bank-st.winning the toss, took advantage of the wind,and Dugdale kicked off for the Saints,who at once commenced to press,and after an exciting scrimmage in goal mouth Dugdale succeeded in netting the ball. After the Saints had continued the pressure, Ashton and Smithson worked down, and Mos- koll receiving sent in a soft shot, which Robson mis- judged and allowed to roll into the net. From the kick off the Saints changed the venue, and after several chances being allowed to slip, Radford scored the se- cond goal for the Saints. With the wind, the Saints I were seldom away from Bank-st. goal for the first half hour, Dugdale scoring from a bully, but it was disal- lowed. J. Duckworth, however, made amend; by scor- ing the third goal with an " unstoppable " shot. Bank- et. now played up better,and as a result of a breakaway succeeded in adding another to the score sheet, the final being St. Elphin's three, Bank-st. two. RUNCORN ASSOCIATION V. WARRINGTON Sr. MARY'S.— Runcorn had for their visitors the above Saints in the second round of the Warrington cup competition, on Saturday. The Blues entered the the second round at ti.e expense of the villagers from Penketh, who suc- cumbed at Runcorn with the score of four goals to two. Warrnagton started and at once forced their way to the Runcorn quarters, but were beaten back. The Blues lc,nt up the attack, and made matters warm for the I Saints. A nenalty fell to the lot of Runcorn, and Pye scored the first point for the Blues after ten minutes' play. The home team played with vignur, and again I forced their way to the visitors' quarters, St. Mary's I being obliged to concede a corner. Pye placed I well n goal, the visitors' custodian striking it, I and the ball glided through. Peacock scored twice more before hall-time, which arrived with the score Runcorn, four: St. Mare's, nil. Bailie restarted, and for several I minutes midfield play was indulged in. The visiting team were quickly on the aggressive, and almost in a twinkling Dolan sent in a shot quite out of the reach of the home custodian. The visitors' front rank kept up the pressure, but the Blues' defence was impregnable. Towards the close F. Burrows with a long shot scored No. 5 for the homesters. Nothing further was registered and the game ended as follows :—Runcorn five, St. Mary's one. HOLY TRINITY V. STOCKTON HEATH RESHRVR.—The initial game between these clubs was brought off on Saturday at Stockton Heath. The homesters had the advantage of the wind in the first half, and did most of the pressing, Ffolford scoring the first goal, while imme- diately after Kimberley had hard lines, hitting the up- right with a quick shot. The visitors then broke away, and a good shot compelled Wray to handle, but as one of the full hacks did ditto, Trinity were awarded a penalty kick. Jones took in the charge, and placed it through. From the restart Stockton Heath attacked strongly, Andrews shooting the second geal for the homesters. Even play followed up to the intervalmith the score of two goals to one in favour of Stockton Heath. During the second half Trinity did most of the pressing, but the sound defence of the home backs null- fled their efforts,while Andrews for the homesters added another goal,the whistle going for time with the score— Stockton Heath, 4 goals ; Holy Trinity, 1. PENIS= V. BARNTON ALEION.—On Saturday the above teams met on the Recreation ground, Penketh, to test the superiority of the clubs. The ground was in good condition, owing to the fact that whatever amount of rain faila it is able to get off the ground. Each team was fairly represented, During the first half the game was very evenly contested, no score having been re- corded. Upon the ball being restarted each team en- deavoured to score but failed until about ten minutes from call of time, when Penketh secured their first goal. This roused the visitors, and it was quite evident they meant business. The game from this time was very fast, but only proved to be of a "give and take " char- acter, first one end of the field and then the other, although the Albion's goal was frequently in jeopdmiy, it being eonstanly peppered at by the home forwards. However, at the call of time the result was in favour of Penketh by one goal to nil.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

COLLISION ON THE SHIP CANAL.—On Sunday morning as the steamer Fez, which was bound with a cargo Gf fruit from Valencia to Manchester, was passing up that portion of the Ship Canal running parallel with Elles- mere-road, Stockton Heath, she became for a moment unmanageable, not immediately answering her helm. The result was that she veered towards the right bank, along which she grated for several yards, and ultimately struck the corner of the stone buttress with her bows. A portion of the red sandstone was chipped off, whilst some of the bridge gear was damaged, preventing the complete closing of the bridge. This did not impede the traffic, however, as the bridge was brought together sufficiently to allow of carts and pedestrians to pass over. The steamer sustained some slight damage to her bows, but this did not delay her journey to Manchester.

WOMEN AND WOMEN ONLY are most competent to fully appreciate the purity. sweetness, and delicacy of CIITICIIRA SOAP, and to discover new uses for it dßily. TR the preparation of curative washes, solutions, etc., for annoying irritations, chafings' and exceriations of the skin and mucous membrane, or too free or offensive per- spiration, it has proved most grateful. Like all others of the CIITICURA preparations, CIITICURA SOAP appeals to the refined and cultivated everywhere, and is beyond all comparison the most effective skin purifying and beauti- fying soap, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet, bath aud nursery.

Harry Burdett Holdcroft, aged twenty-three, was sentenced to sixteen years' penaL servitude at the Bir- mingham Assivs on Monday far killing his brother Ernest. The latter had interfered in a quarrel between the prisoner and his mother, and the prisoner picked up a couple of table knives and stabbed Ernest in the back, inflicting a wound from which he died the same day. Four years ago the prisoner was convicted ef the man- slaughter of his sweetheart. RUPTURES.—REYNOLDS' Patent Imperceptible Indiarubber Stem Pad TRUSS. Suitable in all cases. Perfect Fit Rnsured. Write or call for particulars.— REYNOLDS, 10, Slater-street (a few do ,re off Bold-street), Liverpool. Open on Saturday until 7 p.m.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18951221_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON D RAM A TIC SOCIETY'S PERFORMANCES,

The members of the Warrington Dramatic Society gave three performances on Monday, Tues- day,and Wednesday last week in aid of the funds of the Infirmary. The Royal Court Tneatre had been generously lent by the proprietors to assist the society in its worthy object, and it is pleasing to state that public interest in the performances was also shown in a practical and substantial manner. Much long and patient labour is inseparable from the getting up of this class of entertainment,and to the officials of the society therefore a !need of . .

praise is firstly due for the arduous effort and self-sacrifice involved in organising the re- . hearse's, &c., and : secondly to all concerned for • the conSummatien of such effort in the excellent public performances of this week. On Monday ' -and Tuesday the farcical comedy in three acts by E. J.Lankester " Vhe Guy'nor " was played before numerous audiences which included many of • the elite of the town and neighbourhood,end it was .only natural that keen interees was shown in the performances as all those taking part in them were, with one exception, local amateurs. The comedy, - -which is based upon a tissue of misunderstandings -arising from the playing at cross purposes of nearly T. the whole of the characters, leads to many really 'funny situatione,and provoked much merriment in ; the audience. Contrary to pardonable anticipations • *the performances we? e singularly free from those 'innumerable mishaps and happenings of the un- foreseen which so often characterise amateur sepses tsentatims of stage plays. There was consequently a go" about the piece which was as agreeable to - the audierce as it was creditable to the pertormers "themselves. Nor was there happily, any need for the servic, a of the often obtrusive prompter, a fact which, in itself, speaks volumes for the painstaking 'work done in the rehearsals. Where all is so satis- factory it is therefore distasteful and unnecessary ' to discriminate on minor details in the Impersona- tions. Ths initial blundering of Mr. Butter- scotch is aceountal-le for most of the action, ' a large portion of which passes at his villa .at Fulham. And in this central part of "The Guy'nor " Mr. Alfred Woods was quite at home, and, having ample scope for his undoubted genius in low comedy pare, he made a great success of it. The somewhat similar par*, of "Old Maccle3field " was k happily borne by Mr. John E.Davies, an old favour- ite in amateur theatricals. The stolid stupidity with which the deaf old boatbuilder confuses a proposition for his daughter's hand with one for • /thelpurchase of a yacht bearing the same name, was ' a side-solitiing bit of acting. the whole piece is indeed, full of contretemps arising either from the jealouee of Butterscotch, or from old Macclesfield's • physical infirmity, though nearly all the characters contribute in turn to make confusion worse con- founded. As the stammering "Freddy," Mr. George It. Williamson had a most onerous part, and jug all the more to his credit therefore that in it he ac-' '- quitted himself in capital style. The character is by no means an easy one, a nice admixture of both manliness and boyishness being necessary to its due pourtrayal. In toe kindred part of "Theodore" Mr. S. Wellhead was not quite so good, although 'there was little to take exception to beyond the tendency to treat too lightly the occasional serious incidents which occur even in so farcical a piece, as, for instance, when upon revealing his solicitude for Kate, Aurelia mistaking him for the expected "Gregory," so unceremoniously sends him to the right-about. The fact that three members of Mr. Davies's household besides himself r had parts allotted to them in "The Guy'nor" t, is pretty conclusive that histrionic ability must "run in the family." Mr. Denis Davies' impersona- tion of the ungainly Yorkshireman, Gregory the groom, was true to the life, and the strong touches he was able to give to the character in voice, ges- ture,and manner, could hardly have been improved ,tipon after years of experience on the stage. Miss , 'Bessie Davies must be coupled with Miss K. Brund- , Tett as deserving of all praise in the parts of Carrie -and Katie The business of both was chiefly to sustain charming and unaffected girl-like characters, which ' natural advantages and an almost total freedom , from self-consciousness, enabled them to dc easily —and gracefully. The part of Butterscotch's maid " Ullage " was scarcely one in which Mrs. Davies :bad Any chance of shining or of doing justice to her acknowledged ability. On her appearance as " Mr. Macclesfield," Mrs. James Fairclough (the Mayoress) received quite an ovation, and the • thorough-going way in which she sustained the • part called forth repeated outbursts of applause. : Indeed,the whole ot!the scene at the boathouse,with the varied and often highly realistic incidents in - 'which Mrs. Macclesfield is to the fore,was certainly / not the least enjoyable of the three which make up the play. The dual characters of " jollicoe "and " The NlacTo Idy " were most ably pourtrayed by „ Mr. Charles H. Wood, albeit they are no slight test of bo,h ability and verger ility. The lifelike assump- tion of the Scotch character with its characteristic _ brogue, especially, was a pleasing aurprise to the audience. Miss Collas as " Aurelia " fully sus- tained the high reputation she has attained in War- rington in her association with the work of the Dramatic Society. At the conclusion of the second act there was a general and enthusiastic call before the curtain of the various members taking part in the play, and the opportunity was taken advantage of for presenting bouquets to the ladies. There was no falling off in regard to the success of the performances on Wednesday night, when "Caste"vvas toe play selected for representation. This Piece had been previously submitted to Warrington audiences by the Dramatic Society, but there was Certainly no flsgaing of interest on that account; in fact it wee evident that the large and apprecia- tive assembly expected the Society to repeat its past triumphs. In this respect the audience was certainly not disappointed. Speaking generally the acting all through the evening was of a high quality and the actors were frequently encouraged with rounds of applause. At the close of the second act all the performers were called before the curtain ana loudly cheered, the lady members of, the com- Dany being at the same time rewarded with beauti- ful bouquets of flowers. The characters were taken as follows: Bon. George D'Alroy. Mr. H. W. Cookson ; Captain Hautree, Mr. Gilbert T. Brun- drett ; Eccles, Mr. John E. Davies; Sam Ger- ridge, Mr. Alfred Woods; Dixon (servant to D'Alroy), Mr. Stanley Wright; the Marquise de St. Maur, Mrs. Kewley; Polly, Miss Collas; Esther, Mrs. John E. Davies. In the first part of the open- _ . .

_ • ing act, when D'Alroy tells of his love for the fair 1 t sther to his friend Hautree, Mr. Cookson 'thoroughly established himself with his audience. . Ris acting was confident and natural and his enun- ciation singularly clear and well-regulated, and he continued to display these qualities all through. The part of D'Alroy is a rather exacting one, and it gives plenty of opportunities for an unpractised , Player to strike the wrong note with awkward resulta. It is, however, nothing more than justice to say that Mr. Cookson escaped these pitfalls and Achieved a decided success. Mr. Brundrett was : perhaps scBrcel3 quite so successful as Mr. Cook- Son, There was occasionally a certain lack of f'•eedom in his playing and a want of emphasis in ‘., his speaking, but, even after allowing for these ex- cusable drawbacks, he gave what was on the whole an excellent interpretation of the character of the Aristocratic and kind-hearted Bautree. " Caste " 'without the bibulous Eccles would be something 1 ' 'like "hamlet " without the melancholy Prince and the Warrington Dramatic Society is singularly for- tunate in having amongst is members a gentle- tnan so capable of assuming this important role as Mr. J. E. Davies. When witnessing Mr. Davies's pourtrayal of Eccles'one can hardly help coming to .; two conclusions. One is that the character might • have been invented fot the display of Mr. Davies's i Special 'alents, and the other is that Mr. Davies is , a born actor—and we suppose that real actors, like ' real poets, are born, not made. It is needless to Say that the extravagances of the gin-loving Eccles were highly enjoyed by the audience. Sam Gerridge is another character which introduces the humorous element, and Mr. A. Woods ha before now shown his capabilities for doing justice to a part like this. The scene in which the practi- cal and irrepressible S. G. talks over with Polly their intended matrimonial relations was highly diverting, and was, as a matter of fact, decidedly well perform ed. The Marquise da St. Maur,a lady of ancient lineage and a strong upholder of caste, was represented with conspicuous success by Mrs. Rewley. It would be difficult for the most exacting critic to point out any flaws in this lady's acting. Alike in manner and tone she admirably delineated

nNE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Oont tgious Diseases of a certain class, (internal and ex- tern LI), Price 4s.rd. Bin& Bottles of Mixture 2s. 91 Only of HO 913. Operative Chemist, (la MethiM De.insote, Manchester. Advice free.

the characteristics of the " 3farkissy," as Eccles with irreverent familiarity persisted in calling the high-born lady. Miss Collas, as the lively and impulsive "Poll" also contributed in a marked degree to the success of the performance. This character, as those who have seen " Caste " well know, is often on the stage and adds much to the sprightliness of the comedy, and it can be fairly said that Miss Collas was fully equal to her task. As the heroine, "Esther," Mrs. J. E. Davies won golden opinions. In the first act she perhaps dis- played a little stiffness, but this soon wore off, and in the second act in particular her acting was animated and pleasing. Mr. Stanley Wright had little to do as the servant of D'Alroy, but this little was done discreetly and well. In fact, we may in conclusion repeat that the whole performance was in the highest degree creditable to the performers and the Dramatic Society as a whole. Mr. T. J. Down added greatly to the enjoyment of the performances by being present with his large and competent orchestra, by whom, under his con- ductorship, the following items of music were ably discoursed :—Overture," Banditenstreiche" (Suppe); ballet music, "La Reine de Saba" (Gounod) ; polka," Merry Voices " (lierfert) ; Czardas, from "La Rosier° ' (Jakobowski) ; overture, " Light Cavalry" (Suppe) ; valse, " Amoretten Tanze " (Ounce!) ; march," British Patrol" (Asch). Furni- ture for the various scenes in all the performances was kindly lent by Mr. T. cutton, Legh-street, and the programmes were agreeably perfumed by Mr. J. Rymer Young. We understand that as a result of the three per- formances the Dramatic Society will probably be in a position to hand over the handsome sum of ..£lOO to the Infirmary Committee.'

WARRINGTON BANKRUPTCY COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before Mr. Registrar Ridgway.

, BANKRUPTCY OF A LOCAL IfORSE SLAUGHTERER. —Peter Robinson, 20, Church-street, knacker and horse slaughterer, also carrying on business at Arpley Meadows, appeared to undergo his public examination in bankruptcy. He was represented by Mr. W. J. Forshaw, and Mr. C. H. Unsworth also was present on behalf of a creditor.—ln reply to Mr. A. B. Patter, the assistant official receiver, the bankrupt said that the reason he filed his petition was that an execution was levied against him on November 21st. He had been a knacker or horse slaughterer for 40 years. He had had a very bad summer last summer, but the main cause of his in- solvency was an action for slander brought against h m by a man named Allen, a butcher of Earlestown, to recover damages for slander alleged to have been uttered against him in connection with a alead cow. The dam- awes claimed were £36s,and the damages recovered were £65. He was first aware of his insolvency immediately after the verdict of the action was given. His liabilities were £152, and assets £65 roughly, and the deficiency was fully accounted for by the costs and damages of the slander action. He had kept no books for his business because he could not write.He had lost a large amount of money on various racee,and on November 22nd, he put £lO upon a horse to win the November handicap,and £8 for a place. He gave the man with whom he bet the money in gold. He could not tell the name or address of the man. The bet was made at Lime-st., Liverpool, at the time he was going to the court in connection with the slander ac ion. Be drew £65 out of the bank on that morning. As he was proceeding with his examioa- tion, the bankrupt appeared to be confused, and at one time he said that the bet was made in Man- chester,and then in Liverpool. He fi, ally said that it was in Liverpool in Lime-st. On the first Thursday and Friday in November, he lost £4O ha bets. He had been drunk almost every night since the slander action. When he got home after the trial, he threw his bank book into the fire and knocked down his Bier, because the judge asked him if he was the prcper person to be entrusted with a license. Several receipts were produced, the dates of which the assistant official re- ceiver was of opinion had been altered, but the bankrupt denied that any alteration had been made as far as he was concerned. The reason that he destroyed his bank tr)ok was that he was drunk, and not as Mr. Potter suggested that it was to conceal the amount of money he had withdrawn from the bank on Nov. sth.—Cross- examined by Mr. Westwell, a creditor, he had been asked to apologise during the course of the slander action but he had refused to do so.-9y Mr. Forshaw : When asked to apologise by Mr. Collingwood Hope, he was asked to pay £5O and the costs. He was not asked to apologise betore the action commenced.—The hearing was adjourned until Jan. 24, 1896. Bertgavvrcy or e FARMER.—Luke Dumbill, farmer, Woolston Dam Farm, Wooleton, also underwent his pub- lic examination. He said that his failure was due to heavy rent, sickness, and losses owing to low prices. His rental was at the rate of £6 per acre, and he had re- sided on the same farm for 63 years. The ore micetion was closed.

WARRINGToN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. A meeting of the Rural District Council was held in Mr. Sutton's offices on Wednesday last week, there being present :—Messrs. William Houghton (presiding), John Houghton, Thomas Halton' G. Thompson, Dignurn, John Warburton, J.W. Knowles,Mather,Joshua Ball, S. Sutton (clerk), W. Owen (surveyor), F. Kerfoot (inspector of nuisances), and Dr. Sephton (medical officer.)

• 4' , • I 1 • 1 , . • 3 ] 1 HI r • J , ] 1 . 1 1 1 '... 1 '4 , : 1 1 1 3 1 1 ' 1 1 • I 3 • ,4 ' 1 I 1 , .; 1 1 1 ;1 " , 1 1 4 : 1 I f 1 1 'o 1 I 1 t °." 4 •

===== 0002601_18951221_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
INFECTIOUS CASES FROM RADGATE:

The CLERK read a letter from the Rev. J. J. Langbam with reference to the claim made by the Council for £l3 for the maintenance Of his son in the infectious diseases hospital while suffering from fever. In the dis- cassion that ensued it was said that a medical man from the borough was called in and he ordered the removal of the child to the hospital without the authority of the District Council or the knowledge of their Medical Officer.—Mr. KNOWLES pr vosed and Mr. HALTON seconded that the letter lie on the table.—The motion was carried unanimously.—The CLERK was deputed to visit the Town Clerk of Warrington on the matter.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CLAIM FOR DAMAGES.

A letter was read from Mr. Jeans on behalf of Mr. M. Pownall, complaining that the Council had cut a• drain through a pasture field without giving him notice, and stating that he was entitled to damages for illegai entry and compensation for cutting the pasture.—Tha SUR- VEYOR said that due notice in writing had been given to the owner of the land.—Mr. KERFOOT said that no damage had been done as the turf had been re-laid. The ground was a trifle raised along the pipe line.—The CLERK said that if Mr. Pownall could prove damage the Board would have to pay.—The matter was left in the hands of the Clerk.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL REPORT.

Dr. Sephton reported that the number of births was 24 and deaths 14. The death rate was equal to 12 per 1,000 against 14 the last three months as against 2.11 the corresponding month last year. The death rate from zymotic class equalled 1.4, per 1,000 against 1.8 the last three months as against 2.8 the corresponding month last year. There were two deaths fram the zymo- tic class, one from diphtheria and sue from measles. The following cases of infectious diseases had been reported : Scarlet fever 8 cases, erysipelas 2. The epidemic of scarlet fever at Winwick had entirely passed away. Measles were prevalent at Penkcth and it had beea de- cided to close the school there.

The Surveyor's and Inspector's reports were read and passed.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLIGATOR TRADE.

The attention of the United States Fish Commission has, says "Science Siftings," recently been called to a new and remarkable industry, that of the artificial pro- pagation of alligators for supplying the trade in Florida curiosities. The incubator system employed is quite simple. The eggs, which are about the size of those of the goose, are placed in boxes c.,f sand and covered up. The boxes are exposed on a roof to the torrid rays of a tropical sun, and in a few days the young reptiles are batched. It appears that a species of true crocodile le found in Southall Florida on both coasts. It is hardly distinguishable from the alligator,except by the shape of its head, though it grows bigger and attains a length of eighteen feet. Young crocodiles are batched for market in the same fashion. The mother crocodile lays her eggs in the sand like a turtle, and simply covers them over. Somewhat different is the practice of the maternal alli- gator, which in April or May seeks a sheltered spot on a , bank and there builds a small mound. • The foundation I of the mound is of mud and grass,and on this she lays some eggs. She covers the eggs with another stratum of grass and mud,upon which she:deposits some more e,e,ge Thus she proceeds until she has laid from 100 to 200 eggs. The eggs, in the course/of time, are hatched by the sun, assisted by the heat: which the decomposition of the vegetable material generates. As soon as they have "chipped the shell" the baby alligators are led to the water by the mother, who provides them with food which she disgorges, showing much anxiety for their safety. At this early period of their existence they are exposed to many dangers, being a favourite prey of fishes and turtles. Alligators' eggs, by the way, are sometimes eaten. Tile robbing of the nests for market is helping to hasten the inevitable destruction of the al- ligator fisnery, which has been an important and profit- able industry in Florida. The reptiles cannot long escape practical extermination. Already they are be- coming scarce, and the price of hides has gone up. It is estimated that 2,500,000 alligators were killed in Florida between 1880 and 1894. In 1890 about 250 I pounds of alligators' teeth were sold, hunters receiving from 4s. to Be. a pound f._r them. They are removed by 1 burying the heads and rotting out the teeth. Of the best teeth about seventy make a pound. The stuffing cf alligators and the polishing of the teeth give employ- ment to forty persons. Unfortunately, alligators grow .very slowly. At fifteen years of age they are only two feet Icng. A twelve-footer may be supposed reasonably to be 75 years old. It is believed that they grow as long as they live, and probably they live longer than any other creatures.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
l'ilE EXAMINER, SAI UR D A , DECEMBER 21, 18 '5.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
I Steam Engines,

"PAT

ESS tit'

tIi;TE obtained fror Of over isr atfTlo.ll,

Manufactured 01117 at. 78., NEW OXFORD STREET, LONIDOIC

WANTEDS, TO BE LETS, > 18 WORDS, 6D., ON SALES, Ana 31, for each succeeding 9 wo

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK_ BANK.

RUPTURE CUREDWithoub Operation. S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialist, ........... sends his New Book of full information -no. POST FREE. 64Chancery Lane, & 26 King Street, London. Manchester. 'I . 1., Nmitoyat. A: sfErd, PILLS for l c , tortles, quickly correct all hregulsritles, removes all , 130 ruct i n,. and relieve the distrev iMr symptons, so preva- lent with be sex. Boxes le. lad. and 2s, 9,,. of all chemists, t.ful en' wl ere on receipt cs lb or 31 cam i shy the maker E. . I owLE Chemist. Nottingham. Beware of imitations,

BIRKBECK BUILDING zsOCIF.TY HOW TO PUHCHASI: A HOUSH FOR TWO OULNEAS PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK Fitt. ), HOLD LAND SI)CIETY HOW TO PUHCFLASIt A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PRI 51.0.T11.

Southammou Butidin, s Chancery lane, London, F per CENT. I .M.XLl4,Fiallowed On. DEPOSITS, repiyable on demand. - TWO per uINI on cURREN.Y UNTS, oa minimum monthly balance. F when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS BHA ItEd, and ANNUITIES purehaard and SAVINGS DEPARTMIOT.

For the encouragement of lh.ift the Bank receives small sum deposit. and allows interest monthly on each com— pleted R.

The BIRKI3ECK ALMANACK. with full totrtieulars, pose free.

FRANCIS RAVRNSCROFT, Manager.

_AL" NOTSEL 30/.. • hMI, gummed to tilt tune it 1957i0., -11,1 s gun IT,our patent, an the geotnne, esi‘ele Can Colty ho MI from Worthleas imitations made abroad. aa adtertiani under a names be petty deniers In Folkestone. we can .apply 40. of far-Wang snusttng guns stud testimonials. to,KOL., with Lie, fe, 500 41;onulue second•hzind Breechloaders. 5f.. from C1:1,1,1.Y N & Co.. Far.KIIII.na Gun Make, Folkestone. ""'' oak.. Sinn In Folkeetone maks tknis awn guns

.r.tit"'). --',4.,...---.T.,..--.4',--...•---",......,..44/".7,- --- if 4- eygirorT-AT, ll\ orki -"S) ;.. A s ---..--;"-:4417:;--;,- "—'Sl''''_7'..• 2',..- 1 ' ," . • SVT; ,r, r '; r1i..., ''', ,r :,'l., iNO • . • r:' ,' ••• 't .;,•, ' : ', ' • '''‘.l,l .6•41! ,•1 j., i•O '-,'"l ••(;:o. V, -4,A+3-7r,-(0% et 7--) 4i'ir''''.W.,..*,..,L,,,„ 0, tyzi s ~.., 0., -,,,,,,,14,,..,:,,`,...76: t . t.'its: 7:', 1-,1...,,,,,,,y...„,-..... / 757,!- it7-44.,:tfit:..,t,::Ti1pf::14:4.':w4;4:,4,/;i1.4:k1izt,"'::,;:f,,,,1vt1i.,41‘.40,::;,.':: 1 4f CC:101 Wy ~„. ° . J ISOOTH NC._ a 14saklyStassi tha • CohttotLtan titti tia e he .. TL '9 Tro F TFENIN ; °yn -1-7,..,..... • * cuttirlicerft. I' '• 'AVOLNqH,Surrey. A ? , . A ...... . Please Observe the E E s, . .b., IN STEEDMAN 4 t ..i., . -

===== 0002601_18951221_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

PKIALSI

)OR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

11 AS SICK HEADACHE

===== 0002601_18951221_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION.

WEAK STOMACH,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER,

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, 91d., Is. lid.. and 2s. 91. ench. with full directions. The i. Id. Box rc_ 41hIS 56 Pi l.

PREPARED ONLY 1Y THE PROPRIETOR-

THOMAS BEECOM, St. !lc:lens, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECITAITS TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL-- CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES TH.6 BREATH.. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggistr, or from the Proprietors, for is., Post-Paid.

Those tiny CAPSULES are superior to Balsam of Coraiha, Cubebs or Injections and Cure In 48 hours the same diseases without Incon- venience. 4/8 of all Che- mists. Or post free. WILCOX a Co., OXFORD ST., LONDON, W -

FOUND DEAD.

POISON FOR KILLING RATS. Thousands have. been killed by using SANFORD'S POISON. Hondreds of farmers that have used it say it is the best Poison known, as they find a lot of ra ta Pad by using it. Post Free. is. 2d., 2s. 3d. box of A.NFORD & SONS, Sandy Beds. Send stamps aud try IL Sold by Chemists. Also, MICE POISON for dressing corn stacks, and poison for killiu Moles on land,

SNNTAt *7ID%(

===== 0002601_18951221_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
WELL-KNOWN CENTR:

WIS_

-e

I

I

I

I

I

.... S ..E SECOND STOP W 4038E° FOR FOR -7. 6'l:\, ..7.7 6111 ..,._.„.,,,,,.,,,.... _ . ..5.........___...........,. \ .. \,- ...,.....,,, .., I 1 I ' ~, ;,,,e , • - -,... --.- ... . ,

===== 0002601_18951221_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
(EXACTLY AS DRAWN).

Has the following advantages of all oth r watches, althoug the price (6s 11d.) i only one-third charged tor watch at other estAblishments. It lid, Heavy Gold or Slyer- plated Cases, Fit Crysta Glass, Enamel Dial, three-quarter Plate Jewelled Movement, and warranted very good time- keeper. This size or smaller, plan at above, or chased if pre errrd. Send postal order for is. 6d. and I will send by registered post. safely packed, at me own risk, one of these wonderful. watches. Mention this Paper. and state whether you prefer Gold or Silw-r-platecl cases. lso made in Soli .1 Silver Cases. 158. 6d., and Solid Gold Cues. 5 s. By post (registered) 6d. Po. 3:33333331E1RP,

xtra.

Watch Manufacturer,

10, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

LADIES

ESTABLISHED 1885.

BtST. _FRIEND

Marriel or Singls Ladies stionl-4 'end once for LADY'S HANDY HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. post tree, sealed, two stamps.; Invalnabje infor

_ natation rf never-failing remedies for aft ILLUSTRATED Irreeularities end Obstructions. obsti- nate or long-standing. The only effectual remedy that does not contain poisonous G-LTI DE. or dangerous drug, ; cannot hurt tile meet delicate. [,ILLY, COLSTON STREET, BRISTOL

MADAME A,E.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBERT

MtWO.

I

I

I

:.=

4,

,

HULLO! WHArS ON AT COM PTON 1:1 OUSE , LIVERPOOL? A BOOT SALE? A SUNDAY SCHOOL TREAT? THE MAY DAY PROCESSION? THE GATHERING OF THE CLANS? THE MARCH OF THE MEN OF HARLECH ? A REVIEW OF THE TROOPS? THE EMBARKATION OF THE ASHANTEE EXPEDITION? WHAT ON EARTH IS IT? ICIIURCH STREET'S BLOCKI‘D. YOU MIGHT WALK ON THE HEADS OF THE PEOPLE. ollt I SHE. IT'S THE CHILDREN OF GREATER LIVERPOOL TRYING TO GET INTO THE TOY FAIR AT COMPTON HOUSE.

SIMS RBEVES HAS ARRIVED; - At least that ts to bay,

FATHER CHRISTMAS IS IN THE ENCHANTED GROTTO. The rrodern SANTA CLAUS, the real genuine pre-historic and perennial Grand Old Man, the patron saint or Childhood, the progenitor of all good fairies, and the guardian of Great Britain, the eighth wonder of the world. " To him, father. if I serve not him, I'll run as far as heaven has any ground." MESSRS. WATTS and CO, have pleasure in informing their friends the ehi'oren. the parents of the Greater Liver- pool I hat is to be that Father Christmas is timed to reach COMPTON HOUSE this Day (S.ATURDAY), 14th inst.. at Ten o'clock in the morning. Tie will be accompanied by tigers, wolves, bears, jackals, cam Is, dromedaries, zebras, giraffes. antelopes, reindeer, bisons, elks. buffaloes, jaguars, pumas, leopards, apes, monkeys, gorillas, baboons, the eassowAry of Timbuctoo; elrphants, kangaroos, mustangs. Jerusalem and Snetland ponies, the dinotheri”m, the ich- thyosanrus, the labvrinthodon, the Megatherium, the great auk and the dodo, in bet, with a complete Noah's Ark. con- taining all the origiaal animals and a few others invented, perfo•ted, or improved by Prefessor Huxley. and a real genuine and original water baby. lINTRANON TO COMPTON HOUSF, FRB'S. ADMISSION TO TITS GROTTO. SIXPENCS, In exchange for whioh Father Christmas, or one of his at- tendant fairies, elves, brownies, pixies, gnomes, or sprites, will give every good boy or trl who viaits him A BUMPEI: PACKET OF TOYS, Fresh from Fairyland, worth its weight in —well, wait till you see 111 . _

===== 0002601_18951221_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAVO! HURRAH 1 I THREE CHEERS FOR FATHER CHRISTMAS. THE GREAT CHRISTMAS BAZAAR - - - -

Has Attractions for b th Young and Old. TOYS, DOLLS, SWERTMEAIS, and "IRE GROTTO" for the Young: CHRISTMAS CARDS. FANCY GOODS. DRAPERY GOODS. and CHRISTMAS NOVELTIES for old people. Every Department at COMPTON HOUSE from now to Christmas Eve will be CROWDED with NOVELTIES and with Purchases of the CHOIsIEST GOODS secured for prompt cash on very special terms. THE TOYS

Include almost every variety made in this country and on the Continent . .

HORSES.—Rocking Horses, Safety Swing Horses. 'Tricycle Horses, Pole Horses, Stool Horses, Skin Horses, _ .

HORSES AND CARTS.— Railway Waggons, Carriers' Carts, Parcel Vans, L..sket Carriages, Dog Carts, Mail Cars, Ornnit uses. 10. NOAH'S ARKS. —With animals in white wood, stained wood, and rdinted woo I. also with skin animals. Menageries, Zoological Gardens, Animals. FARM YARDS.—Sheep Folds. Bleating Lambs, Skin Horses, Skin Donkeys, Skin Cows. MECHANIC AL TOYS.—Donkey and Clown. Jumping Clowns, The New Woman, Birds, Rabbit and Drum, Cyclist and Dog, Horse Dogs. Racing Gigs, Performing Bears, Mechanical Chickens Dolls' Orchestra. &c. _ _

CLOCKWORK THAI N S.--Complete Rail ss ay System s,Steam Trains, Clockwork Engines. Wooden Engines, Wooden Goods Trios. Corridor Trains. MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.—Deume, Trumpets. Musical Thores, Mouth Organs, Flutes, Accordlans, Concert.nas, Violins Pianos, Dulcimers. !cc. THE BARRACKS.—MetaI Soldiers, Afghan Lancers, Dragoons, Infantry, Cavalry, Mounted Int.ian Regiments, Wooden Soldiers. THE ARSENAL.—Soldiers' Outfits, Swords, Belts,Pouches, Pistols. Guns. Breastplates. Forts. MAGNETIC TOY 4.—lndia-rubber Toys, India-rubber Balls. 'hops, Warehouses, Stables, Building Bricks. DOLLS.—Dressed Dolls, Undressed Dolls, Kid Body Dolls, China Dolls. Wax Dolls, Sle.ping Dolls, Jointed Dolls, Baby Dolls, Boy Dolls. Nigger Do Is. DOLLS' HOUSES.—DoIIs Furniture, Kitchen Furniture. Drawing-room Furniture. Bedroom Furniture, Dolls'Peram- bulatorc

aAMES.—Pariour Putting Golf, Indoor Badminton, Table Croquet. Race Games. Parlour Quoits, Solitaire, Chess, Draughts. Backgammon, Biala, Compendiums of Games, Hulma, lAA°. fteversi. CHRISTMAS TUBB ORNAMENTS.—DoIIs. Sw.ms,Lambs, Angels, Figures, Clowns, Policemen, Soldiers, Acrobats. Flags, Lanterns.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
BONS-BONS AND SWBETNIBA.TS. - - _

BONS-BONS.— Luggage and Jewel Co,aques. Musical Cosaques. C•lrds' Messages, Aunt Marthas' Cosaques, Tom Smith's Cr.rke-s. Endless variety.

SW RETMRATS.—Choeolates, Russian and other Toffees, Baskets, Boxes. and ilampers of Sweets, Caramels, Sweets by the Found. Str. Cak

Bit cults, Dried Fruits. THE CHRISTMAS CARDS

include the choicest cards of all the leading pub:ishers Every novelty and by far the largest stock in the city. Packets and Boxes of Christmas Cards, Autograph Cards, Single Cards, Cards for pri Into printing CHRIST WAS CARD., from is 6ad per gross to 2s lid each. Packets of Christmas Cards 6cl to 2s 6d ger packet. Auto- graph Cards from *lto 2s 9d per box. Calende.s for 1896 from sfd to is 6d each. Christmas Booklets from Id to 2s 6d each.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
FANCY GOODS.

£20,000 WORTH of Plain and Panes, Stationery, Children's Picture Toy Books, Nov Is, Books and Poetical Works, Note Papers and Bovelopes, Photogaph Albums and Scrap books, Fancy Lestly,r Goods, Writing Desks, Work Boxes, Photo Frames. Lamp Shades, Draught Screens, Fancy Jewellery, Perfumery, &e. PICTIJRR BOOKS —Untearable Toy Books, Raphael Tuck's Toy Books. Picture-book Annuals, Tuck's Noah's Ark, ac. Thousands of Books. 513 to 4s 6d each. PHOTO ALBUMS from 2s lid to 35s'each.

SCRAP BOOKS from 5/(1 to 5s each. LEATHER GOODS.—Purses Handhafzsi Ladies, Corn- pani,ns, Music Cases. Card Cases, Cigar Cases. Fitted Travel- ling Bags and Dressing CRSO3. PHOTO-FRAMES in endless variety. 514. to 10s. 64. each, DRAUG4T SCREAMS from Ss. 11d. to 635. HAIR BRUSHES in ivory, xylenite, torto'seshell, wood, ~ke„ prices pktri 255. each. . . . . .

PERFLIM NS in eases, boxes, and in single bottles. --- • --- •

NOTE PAPERS.—Great variety, parchment. antique, vellum, club, cream-laM, official, commercial. stAtionety cabinets. En velnpes CUTLERY RLECTRO-PLATE AND GLASS.

Rio,oeo WORTH of Table, Miscellaneous, and Pocket Cut- lery ; Electro-platednow-ware, Spoons and Forks, Table Glass, Ornamental Glass, Toilet Sets, Dinner Services. and China Sett. GREAT BARGAINS IN SHEFFIELD CUTLERY.

TABLR KNIVRS, from 29. 11d. t 0293. 671,-the-h'aitZzen.

DESSERT KNIVES. from Is. lid. to 18g16d tho half-d7;..n

CUTLERY. Stair-hawiled. Carvers. Cases of Carvers, Steel; Scissors, Razors, Pocket Knives, Kitchen Knives, Sportrnen's . - .

_ BLECTRO PLATTL—Breakfast Cruets, Dinner Cruets, ea and Coffee Sets, Teapots, Hot-water Jugs, Entree Dishes, Biscuit Barrels. Claret Jugs. Butter Coolers, Kettle Stands, Fruit Stands. Oak Spirit Frames,Cases of Dessert Knives and Forks, Cases of Fish-eaters, Ole.

GLAS.S.' Tumblers, Wine Glasses, Decanters, Water-jugs, Glass Dishes, Finger Bowls, Water-bottles, Celery Glasses, Claret Jugs. Flower Vase China Tea Sets from 6s. 11d. to 6 guineas. Dinner Services from 17s. 6d. to 10 guineas, Toilet Sets from ss. 11d. tA.B guineas, DRAPRRY GOODS FOR XMAS. £60,001 Worth of Milliner^, Mantles, Jackets, Costumes, Furs, Underclothing and Outfitting. Dress Fabrics, Siks, Table Linen, Heavy Drapery, DICEI Curtains, Hosiery, Gloves Powers. Ribbons, Umbrellas. Silk Scarves and Ties, Lace Goods, Dress Trimmings, Smallwares, and Ladies' and Chil- dren's Boots and Shoes.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL. THE LATEST NOVELTIES.

Also many Thousand Pounds' worth ot—'6lmice Goods 'bought for prompt cash at large discounts. Many lots a Half-price, _

GLOVF.S.—TCI,I Gloves, Fur-top Gloves. Silk Gloves, Gants-de-Suede. Ringwood Gloves. HOSIERY.—Vests, Combinations, Stockings. RlBBONS.—Thou.ands of Pieces, embracing every fashion- able make—Double Satin Ribbons, Corded Silk Ribbons Brocaded Ribbons. Shot Glace Ribbons, Sash Ribbons, Beb 'Ribbons, Velvet Ribbons. SILK SCARVES. Silk Ties. Silk Handl, erehiefs,Silk Sashes, Wool Shawls, Leather Belts, Metal Belts, Silk Belts, Satin Aprons. UMBRET LAS for Ladies.—Special value at 5s lid, Ss lid, and lOs Sd.

-I.—ADifdOODS.—Muslin Aprons, Mob and Dress Caps, tend Handkerchiefs Linen Handkerchiefs, Veils and Veil- logs. Frinings, Antimacassars, Dress Nets, Embroideries, Collars, Cuffs. end Laces by the yard. THB LADIRS' BOOT DOPARTMBICT Contains one of the inrc.st, and certainly the cheap,,st Stock of Dotes' and Children's Boots and Shoes in Great Britain. special value will be offer.d during the Christmas Fair. several very large purchases baying been made expressly -for it. SPRUILL FOR CHRISTMAS.

200 Pairs LA-DIES' CALF-KID WALKING ROOTS with Oftif I,ather goloshes. broad and round toes, high legs, tobut- ton or lace, unequalled fo: style and durability. Eis lid and 9s lid per pair, usual price. 14s 94.

Out Walking Boots for Ladies' wear are unequalled either for strength or style. They represent the very best skill which either French or English manufacturers cut display in this important branch of industry. Our prices range from 88 lid to 27s 6d per pair.

- - Tee EVENING DRESS sun RS Indude the cholc,sst pro- duction of French. Austrian, Belgian. and English manu- facturers. The shoes most fashionable now for evening wear are the White Satin and Kids, plain and embroidered, Tan Suedes, Bronze and Glace Kids, embroidered and shaded, the most popular shape being the " Baretta," with one, two, or three strans over Instep. A splendid assortment of Ladies' Shoes, for evening wear, in every fashionable variety, prices, 2s. 111 d. to 14s. 9d. per Fair. THE

GREAT CHRISTMAS BAZAAR

OPENS

THIS OAT, SATURDAY, THB I•lrrt INST., AT COMPTON _HOUSE.

LIVE uPOOL WATTS AND CO,

===== 0002601_18951221_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
krtttro to tbe itor.

AN APPEAL.

Sir,—Will you kindly allow me on behalf of mysef and Inspector McAteer to thank the Butchers' Associa- tion for a quantity ot food given for distribution among the poor. The food was given to a number of deserving families and was very gratefully received. I should like to provide a number of these poor people with a Christ- mas dinner,if any of your generous readers feel disposed to help in this matter by contributions of money or goods.—Yours faithfully. 11. TAYLOR, Police Court Missionary.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TREATMENT OF PRISONERS.

Sir,—Will you kindly allow me through the medium of your paper to draw attention to a common practice, which to me seems a great injustice and insult to prisoners under remand. I refer to the manner in which such persons are brought through our streets. They are compelled to walk from one of our railway stations to the police court in lrlam-et., accompanied by a gaol offi- cial, and in some cases (as on Saturday morning last) with both hands in the cuffs in front of the prisoner who had repeatedly to raise them to his head to pre- vent his hat from blowing off. It is England's boast that her subjects are considered innocent until proved guilty. and I fail to understand why those persons who may be innocent of the crimes alleged are treated in this manner, whilst guilty ones are provided with cab or other vehicle to take them through the street. Trusting that this matter will nut be allowed to drop until remedied.—Yours truly, Warrington, December. 1895.

JUSTICE.

COUNCILLOR A. BENNETT ON THE UNESI- PLOYED AND IRELAND.

Sir,—Having read carefully through the " report "of the proceedings at the Warrington Debating Society on Tuesday evening last, and failei to find the very im- portant pronouncement of the new Conservative mem- ber of our Town Council, on the subject of the unem- ployed and of Ireland, I thought it a pity that so much concentrated wisdom (?) should be lost, or kept frmi the free and enllghtened electors of Howley Ward ! Coun- cillor Bennett in pointing out the advantages that would accrue from Imperial federation, said that " our population was becoming denser and denser, our towns and cities were becoming crowded out, and the influx of people into thorn was augmenting the army of the ' unemployed, while in our colonies we had a practically inexhaustible outlet for our surplus population, who were only a nuisance to us !" If this had been a mere lapsus linguae, one could have forgiven him easily : but in his reply un the whole debate he was so impudent as to reiterate this more than indecent statement ; and,add- ing insult to injury, he threw the poor inmates of the workhouses into the epithet. This letter is the newest form of the Laisser faire principle of the "stupid party," as enunciated by the very latest form of politi- cal imbecility known as New Conservatism. I trust that the workingmen electors will remember this epithet of Mr. Bennett's when election time comes round.

Then as to Ireland, Mr. Bennett had sufficient know- ledge to know that Home Rule will have to be given to Ireland for the only objection he seems to have men- tioned was the name. " Don't call it Home Rude" says our new Conservative, " and you will have it in quick sticks." Ah ! but it was a glorious sight, to see this British patriot describing in glowing language the aver- age Englishman burning with a desire to hetp oppressed nations I (Armenia, Ilzr%) Has he ever heard tell of the penat law? Did be ever read of the massacres perpe- trated by the brutal English soldiers under Oliver Groin. well in Ireland ? Of the outraged Irishwomen and girls ? Of the Irish infants impaled on British bayonets ? Of the roasting alive of the poor fugitives in the Church where they had sought refuge? Oh, no ! Mr. Bennet: could talk glibly of the conquests (robberies) of England: but of Ireland's sufferings he knows nouuht. I trust that my fellow-countrymen will remember Mr. Councillor Bennett on the first of November.—Yours truly, Hon. Sec. I.N.L.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
3. C. DILTON.

RE MESSRS. BISHOP AND CO.

Sir,—l repliad to a letter from the above firm in a former issue. Now, Mr.. Councillor Roberts appears to have taken on the cudgels and I must now repy to him. In the first place, it is most surprising that he could not say one word in favour of the wharf, which Messrs. Bi- shop in their original letter,said so important that several Councillors had been elected by the ratepayers, for their sake, but shirks the whole question. With respect to the wharf at Bank Quay now occupied by him, my conten- tion is that a party wall is usually a division between the property of two different owners, but in this case the respective owners built their walls about some 20 feet , apart without haying any opening upon the wharf,with the exception of one cottage near the railway ends and this wharf was used by the public from the time these premises were built until the Warrington Slate Company ' appeared on the scene. Mr. father wed it with9sit pay nient for many years down to 1861, the Vme-he vac.ited the adjoining premises, an I would advise the Coun- cillors above mentioned to have some stronger proof than Mr. Robert's assertion.

With respect to his question re stoppage of vehicular ' traffic by Litton's Mill, my reply is, that before the arpley Line was made, there stood upon the present line of railway a warehouse which was connec- ted with the present Mill by an overhead, as well as by a truck road upon the street, and the latter was so es- sential to their business that Messrs. Litton w-vld not allow even one of • their ivrn carts to cross from the stables to load at thd mill for fear of its beirvs damaged, and the Railway Company only bought Mr. Litton's land up to the present division wall. Mr. Thomas Lit- ton was very jeakus about the right of carts going over this road, and turned ali back which attempted to pass. With regard to the plan of extensions which the muni- cipal authorities refused to pass, the late Msgr.; Clerk. Mr. Brook, advsed us that he had not the slightest shadow of a doul+t that if we consented he would carry the plans through tho court successfully, but to avoid litigation we adopted other plans, and the town suffered considerably thereby in rateable value. To bis inquiry re Upper Mersey Commissioners, ,Mr. Councillor Roberts has once previously tried to turn me out and instal himself in my place, and unless he man- ages better next time I will follow the example of my predecessor, Mr. Alderman Davies, under the same circumstances—serve, as he served the time for which I was elected.

This letter will be my last reply on those subjects. I cannot pretend to correspond with Mr. Councillor Roberts, who only a fortnight ago showed his fondness of rushing into print by writing a letter to the local, Press, to inform the public that the Slate Co. did not keep mcney in their safe at niehts.—Yours, &n.. RICHARD T. FAIRCLOUGIL Mersey Mills, Warrington. --- AMBULANCE WORK AT WARRINGTON.

Sir,—Will you allow me space in your valuable paper to bring before ycur readers, and especially those who are generous and ever ready to help forward a good cause, what I consider an important subject that is, the ambulance work. lam sure if we could have a competition in our town so that the new numerous classes in and around Warrington might conanete, it would give a great amount of impetus to the movement which is now being so vigorously brought forward. There are, or have been, classes held at Padgate,Stretton, Penketh, Burtonwoori, Latchford, Stockton Heath, and in town at Bank Quay Station, Central Station, the Polict, I".S. A. Wycliffe, Y.M.C.A., R. A. Nayloes, Cros- field's \Soap Works, and in connection with the Ambul- ance Brigade. If a challenge cup or medals were offered I am sure each of the classes mentioned would get five of their best men to form a team, and enter for the trophy, and if such a competition is held (say in the Parr Hall) it would be worthy of patronage, and would I am sure encourage others to join in the noble and unselfish work of learning how to render" First Aid "to their fellow creatures in time of need, an:1860 cause those now carrying on the good work, to become if pos- sible more proficient. Trusting some more influential person will take this up, and thanking you in anticipa- tion, I beg to remain yours, &c.,

" FIRST AID."

IRISH NATIONAL CLUB AND REGISTRATION SOCIETY. . .

This club was tortneilW-S.unday, a meeting be- ing held for that purpose in Jones' Buildings, Bewsey-street. The chair was taken at 3 p.m. by Mr. P. Lane. The meeting was addressed by Messrs. Killgallon, Malone, McGarty, Kenny, Kilduff, and J. C. Dalton. Afterwards the committees were ap- pointed. Mr. P. Lane, of Town Hill, is treasurer, and the secretary is Mr. J. C. Dalton, 136, Brirke- st. It is intended to hold meetings every Sunday at 3 p.m., in Jones' Buildings, Bewsey-street. As the work of the society in the main will be the plac- ing of all Irishmen and Catholics on the, registar,it ij to be hoped that it will receive the support it de- serves, especially from those interested. At the conclusion of the meeting fifty members were en- rolled. P.S.A. AT THE T.M.C.A.

A most enjoyable meeting of the P.S.A. on Sun- day in connection with the Y.M.C.A. was held. The soloists were Mr. Stewart (tenor), of Liverpool, and Miss Hickman (soprano), the speaker, Mr. Ed- mund Osborne ; and the chairman Mr. T. S. Kent. Mr. Gregson and Mr. Peters also rendered assist- ance.

STOVES.—Iron Merchant, GARLAND, IBridge-street, HOUSEHOLD Lowes.hernmed and marked free of ehair —3. andW. Durrox,y-s.. Sankey Warrington.—Adrt.

'OWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 61. Ireaclle £4 4.. h ,ndsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON 16 and 18,113ankepot., Warrington.—Advt.

;.6

===== 0002601_18951221_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATFPDAY, DITENITIER 21 1'405.

RUNCORN FItEE LIBRARY LECTURES

THOUGHTS ON NATURE AND ART.

The third of a series of lectures under the auspices of ! the Runcorn Free Library was delivered in the Techni- cal Institute on Friday evening. The lecturer was Mr. John Skeaping, of Liverpool. and teacher at the Run- corn Technical Institute, and his subject was "Some Thoughts on Nature and Art." Mr. S. Pope presided. There was a good attendance. The Lecturer at the cutest, referred" to the excellent collection of books in the Library dealing with art, and urged his hearers to make good use of them. Proceed- ing, he said art influence was felt by all in a greater or lesser degree,hence their appreciative art public. Nat ere was the material of the artist, which, as a student he must learn to imitate exactly and minutely both in de- tail of form and coloureencl to so thoroughly understand the principles of light and shade that the design of his picture may be entirely arranged without any immedi- ate reference to nature ; objects and figures being after- wards accommodated to the designed arrangements,the light and colouring .beine possible but not necessarily t xisting. One often heard a picture eukeeised on the score of its being an exactly painted imitation of nature; ,imitated to the point of deception; and spoken of as the highest form of art. this was not only false—for such art was not merely in the lowest scale, but was coarse, savouring of the waxwork order in its motif, though infinitely superior to it in skill. The best photograpnic productions, with very few exceptions, left something to be desired, re say of the artist that he might take nature as he found her and produce a picture, was to say of the musician that he might thump on the piano and produce music. But just as the musician had to select kis -chords and arrange his harmonies to perfect his composition, so the artist in going to nature had likewise to order his com- position, selecting all that was necessary, rejecting much , that knight ma i tte picture, and frequently by redistri- buting the masses entirely, a tangled and disordered garden was reduced to a perfect paradise. Exact imita- tion might be found in a work of art, hut it was usually associated with study only. Who would deny that our grand cathedrals and beautiful dwellings of past centu- ries were works of art? Yet how much ef their beauty resulted net from similarity to nature, as from con form- Mg to the physical forces of internal vitality and gravi- tation. Thera was no mote common mistaken notion about the artist than that he was specially gifted—a I potion about which there was this savour of truth, that he had the imitative faculty in common with other in- telligent folk, but the extent of his success depended almost entirely upon the atnount of exercise he gave that faculty. What was called genius in the vast majority of cases resulted from the full exercise of all the working powers of the individual. The man of in- tutitive talent, whom they might call a genius from in- fancy was very rare. The true mission of art was to elevate the more; sense. To accomplish anything truly great it was necessary for artistes to think seriously for ! themselves and work sincerely and laboriously, not allowing their movements to be directed by traditional : methods of colouring and &silo which inevitably pro- duced a kind of mental paralysis. The soul, the foun- tain of all true art, being mutable, proeressive, and immortal threw off all limitation of the ancients and all traditional restrictions. A traditional art was unhealthy. On the study of nature most artists in all ages relied for the full development of mind, heart, and hand. On turning their attention to subjects to which their whole soul can go out they would achieve their greatest possibilities. Beauty of mind and true expression of the emotions were more important than beauty of form or skilful handling, though talent was necessary as the means for telling the story clearly and well. The lecturer proceeded to speak of a number of the most important pictures in the Liverpool Art gallery, criticis- ing many of them. Referring to the pre-Raphrelite school of painting he said it was impossible to deny that it had exercised a most beneficial influence upon the character of British art, much being due to such men as Millais and Hunt, but far more to the pen of Ruskin who took up the cudg4ls in their defence. The lecture was illustrated by a number of pictures shown on the screen by Mr. Clement Handley. A vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer and the lanterniat for their services, on the motion of Mr. Riley, seconded by Mr. Jones, and supported by the Chairman.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY'S CONCERT.

On Monday evening, the Runcorn Musical Society gave their second concert of the season in the Public Hall, and we shall now have to wait until Lent for the concluding concert of their eighth season, when Mendelssohn's "Elijah " is to be given cn a most adt quate scale. The performance on Monday evening consisted of Harnett's " Ancient Mariner" and a miscellaneous programme, and from a musical point of view it was thoroughly successful and one in which a high standard of excellence was reached. The "Ancient Mariner "is 'work in. _which Coleridge's well-known poem has received an impres-ive touch at the hands ,f Barnett. The music was comnnsed expressly for the Birmingham Triennial Musical Festival, 1867, and has since then become a musical classic. It abounds in graceful and telling solo passages and is associated with most beauti- ful movements. The leading socalists were Miss Mary Langdon (soprano), Mrs. Burstall (contralto), Mr. William Green (tenor), and Mr. Arthur Barlow (bass), a !quartette who proved themselves equal to the exigencies of the occasion. It would be invidious here to speak of thl performances of each vocalist, bat special mention may be made of the singing of Mr. Arthur Barlow in the recitative and air, eeminencing" And now this spell was Kos pt," in which he most decidedly shone. In this, Mr. Barlow, was vociferously applauded and an encore demanded, but the lengthy programme forbade it. Of the concerted music, the impressive quar- tette " I fear thee, ancient Mariner the fascinat- ing duet " Fly Brother Fly." and the final quartette " What loud uproar bursts from that door," may be mentioned specially, but with regard to the latter, the honour must be shared by the chorus who were con- cerned in bringing it to a brilliant climax. There was , plenty of work for the chorus, which although supple- mented by a few Warringtnn voe.alists,woisl.l have been still better, if stronger. But in justice to them it must be stated that their singing was marked by that robust- ness of attack which characterised the previous perform- ance, and that their eines were appreciated was at- tested by the applause which the audience ttenerously and vieoreusly paid them. A nautical element eervades ' the choruses—in fact it runs throughout the whole pipes, —and may he said to be particularly appropriate for maritime town like R tricorn. The introductory chorus , was very effectively sung, and the same may be said of , the one commencing " About about, in reel and rout." The recitative by the male voices proved a very pleasing variation from the numerous recitatives allotted to the leading artistes. The orchestra had many important functions tc fulfil, and it must be admitted that the in- strumentalists ably coped with the demands which the performance of the " Ancient Mariner" calls for. Zr, the tuneful accompaniments to the onerous chorusert,the beautiful muted passages and sometimes strik- ing effects in the recitatives and airs, the Instrumentalists distinguished themselves. The second part of the programme was of a miscellaneous character, and contained solos for each of the principal vocalists, an overture for the orchestra, and Cowen's , bridal chorus from "The Rose Garden" for chorus and orchestra. "The Land of Yesterday" was sweetly sung by Mrs. Burstall, and she was followed by Mr. William Green who treated us in his fine tenor voice to an excel- lent rendering of " An Evening Sang "in which a subtle gradatien of tone was pleasingly conspicuous. Comply. jog with a recall he sang " The Anchor's Weighed " with such point and finish as to still further delight the audience. Miss Langdon was also successful in gaining the goodwill of the audience by her sweet rendering of " Nymphs and Shepherds" in which her soprano voice was heard to advantage. In response to the loud ap- plause, she twice bowed her acknowledgments, hut as it still continued, she complied with an encore Mr. Bar- low sang " lam a Roamer " (Mandelssohn) from the operetta" Song and Stranger," and it was well suited to his style. He gave it in such a true rollicking fashion as completely captivated the audience , who would not he denied an encore. Complying, he sang "The Jolly Blacksmith," in a skilful manner. In the overture " Poet and Peasant" (Suppi) the orchestra gave a most finished performance. The concluding, item —the bridal march—was a musical treat, and both chorus and orchestra seemed determined to make this piece the crowning gem of the evening. Mr.F.ll. Cross- ley wielded the baton with his accustomed ability, pilot- ing all through many difficulties ; and to him a meed of praise is due for the way he has conducted the society, and brought it to such a high state of excellence. Mr. R. Birkett Musgrove satisfactorily fulfilled tha duties of ac6nmpanist. There was ortlya moderate attendance at what proved a most int....resting concert.

On Saturday' night a man named Eurvill returned to his home at Folkestone in an intoxicated condition and threatened to shoot his wife. He loaded a fowling-piece and told his little daughter, three years of age, to go and fetch her mother. The child refused, and he dis- charged the gun at her, killing her almost instantly. The Duchess of York gave birth to a son at Sandring- ham on Saturday. The mournful recollections with which the 14rh of D'.cember has been connected in the minds of the Royal F unity will he dissipated to some extent by this auspicious event.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
KNOWN BY THE CURES!

Sufferers from Grmel. Lumbago, Piles, Pains In the Ilack Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaint, Disease of Kidneys Bladder Stone. Solstice, Rheumatism and Gout will find a poltlye Cure In Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will he returned. Prices Is. lid. I all Chemists. or post free for lg stamps, Irons HoLuoYD's ldedical Mall, Cheekheaten, Yorks. Don't be put off. if you cannot get them wrlte.to:the Proprietor and a box will 13; seat next post.—Advt.

Utatai

Ell

===== 0002601_18951221_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
RUZiCO ri CO-OPER XTLVE SOCIETY.

TEA MEETING AT FRODSHAM.

On Wednesday evening, a tea party and entertain- ment was given under the auspices of the above named Society at the Town Hall, Frodsham. About 120epernons sat down to tea, the tables being presided over by Mes- dames Earlam, Youd, Yould, Harvey, Massey, Daven- port, Atherton,and Hulse. At the after proceedings the chair was occupied by Mr. E. Acton, of Runcarreand he was supported by Messrs. W.E. Dudley, D.Worthington, T. Riley, J. Sayle, and W. Upton (secretary). The Chair- man in the course of his remarks said he thought co- operation was the one thing needful for the present age. Great advancement had been made in every branch of science and art,and not least in co-operation, fie referred to the origin of the Runcorn Socieey in 1862, and stated that as soon as it was founded, opposition was set in array against it, but it had grown in spite of this,and it now had a business of over £45,000 per half year. They had 14 or 15 branches in Run- corn, Widnes, and the district. They desired that Frodsham should have a representative on the board of management, and the members would thus be able to see the workings of the society better. Tee entertain- ment was then proceeded with. The Runcorn Co- operative Glee Party contributed a glee; Mrs.Temperley a song; Mr. Withiugton, song; and Misses Davies and Withington a duet. Mr. Worthington delivered an address in which he referred to the objects of the society. He said co-operators thought they had taken up the good side of the socialistic movement, one side of wide i was perfect equality. All the members shared alike in the benefits. He would like to point out the disinterestedness of co-operation. He was sure that the Runcorn members would not gt.t an extra sixpence because they had opened a branch at Frodshem. Be gave an instance which had come under his own obeervation showing how the Co- operative Society had tended te make people thrifty. The capital of the society was now £45 53. 11d, and the major part of it was accumulated dividend and interest. With regard to the iatellectual objects, they must look at the gigantic society which a few workingmen had built up, and it had required some intelligence to bring it to its present state of PLIC.IO6g. Proceedi with the programme, Mr. 11. Johnson sang "Off to Pailadelphia ";' Miss Davies re citKi ; Mrs. Temperley again sang, land Messrs. Withineton and Cropper gave a duet. A recitation was &Ise given by Mr. T. Saunders ; and Mr. Wlthington was encored for his sane " I went with him." Mr. Sayle-proposed a vete of thanks to the Chairman and to Mr. Worthington for his address. The Secretary secoaded,and gave a spit it address on the inner workings of the society, and urged all present who were not members to join at once, and secure to themselves, the advantages, benefits, and privileges of membership.—Mr. Worthington and the Chairman suitably responded.—Mr. Dudley proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies, and to the artiates. Uc thought it had been clearly pointed out that co-opera- tion was the friend of the workingman.—Mr. T. Riley seconded. A successful evening terminated with the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
G REENWAY-ROAD- BOMD SCHOOL.-

ANNUAL CONCERT AND PRIZE DISTRIBUTION. The Runcorn Public Hall was crowded with an appre- ciative audience on Wednesday evening on the occasion of the annual concert and distribution of prizes in con- nectiois with the Greenway-road Board Schools. The event has proved an usually good one in past years, and an Wednesday,the reputation was certainly not lowered. Mrs. Maitland Wood kindly distributed the prizes which were awarded for regular attendance and good work during the year. The proceeds of the concert are par- tially devoted to this object, and the remainder to the Orphan fund of the National Union of Teachers. The chair was occupied by Mr. S. Taylor J.P., C.C., and there were also on the platform Mr. James Pritchard (chairman of the School Board), Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P. and Mr. E, Imison, J.P, /tTlie Headmaster of the school (Mr. F. J. Moulton) informed those present during the distribution of prizes, that most of the boys receiving prizes had not missed once during the year. They were also being awarded for success in school work, for which examinations had been held in the various subjects. The Chairman then proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Wood for the graceful manner in which she had distributed the prizes. In do- ing so he stated that the evening's programme had been organised by the teachers, and would be carried through by the children at the Greenwav-road Board schools. It must be very pleasing to the audience ;to see so many children coming forward to receive their prizes. He thought it spoke well for education in Runcorn. The greatest credit was due to the head teachers and the whole staff,and he might say the parents also.(Applause) —Mr. Imison seconded the resolution, which was carried with acclamation and Mr. Imison respanded on behalf of Mrs. Wood.—Mr. J. R. Frith proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman aod to the donors of the prizes.—Mr. Moss (clerk to the School Board) seconded, and said he was sure they were all greatly obliged to the gentlemen who had responded to the appeals for prizes.—Mr. Prit- chard supported the proposition which was carried. The remainder of the evening was oocupied by the performance of the operetta entitled "The Pay of the Pied Piper." The selection proved to be particularly suitable, for it was just such a piece which enabled the scholars to display their abilities. The operetta is founded on Browning's well-known poem "The Pied Piper of Hamelin," and it brings out some very amusing situations. The Council are represented to be at their wit's end to ki.ow how to get rid of rats which infest their town. At length a wandering minstrel " The Pied Piper " appears befere them and undertakes to rid them of their vermin for 1,000 guilders. By the charm of his music he draws the rats after him to the river Weser, where they all drowned. The Council, seeing that they had nothing further to fear from the rats, refuse to pay him the fee agreed upon, whereupon by again playing his marvellous pipe he in- duces all the children of, the town to follow him. This has the desired effect upon the Council, and in the last scene the Councillors and officials appear to be only too glad to pay his fee and be rid of him. This was all ad- mirably set forth in the prologue which was intellioently delivered by one of the scholars named Arnold Senin". The operetta is one of three acts and the scenery for the occasion had been kindly lent by Mr. Caddick. Of the performance itself, one cannot speak ton highly, for each and all gave a most finished performance—the re- sult of continued training and painstaking care on the nart of the head teachers and assistants, viz.: Mr. Moulton (headmaster), Miss 11•Iburn (headmistress), Messrs. W. Kerman' J. C. Cragg, L W. Jeacock, Misses Acton, Simlcin, Ellison, Hill, and Mayall. The chief characters were represented as follows : The Pied Piper, Master S. Lane ; beadle, Master J. lianner ; the burgo- master of Harnelin,Master G. Jones ; the burgomaster's wife, Miss M. Haddock, and the following members cnnanesirig the Town Council: Miss Lily Hill, Masters W. Oliver, William Taylor, Leonard Ball, G. Andrews, and Joseph Ball. Most appropriate dresses were worn, and Mr. Ronald Jeacock is to be congratulated upon the manner he prepared the children for the stage. Master Lane very successfully fulfilled the duties of the piper, and his singing, especially of the song " A roaming life I lead," in his unusually sweet soprano voice was much appreciated by the audienee. Although Master Lane represented the piper, the piping which was sup- posed to have such a marvellous effect, was performed by Mr. Outhwaite in a most creditable manner. Master Banner was an ini- mitable beadle, and his amusing antics convulsed the audience to laughter. The dignified and honourable office ef bergomaster had a capable representative in Master G. Jones whilst of the couneillnrs, Miss Lily Hil had the most to say, and maintained her reputari.n of being a typical obstructionist, who meant to have her way. Several local and political " hits had been introduced into the piece, and greatly added to its inter- est. The lads who represented the rodents which were devastating the town were suitably attired, and their performance was the most amusing feature of the even- ing. The choruses without exceplino were well sung. An item calling for special mention Was the pretty danc- ing of about a score of girls, and the limelight effects in charge of Messrs. C. Handley and E. Lea, considerably improved this performance, which was deservedly en- cored. The duties of accompanist were satisfactorily fulfilled by Miss Kilburn.

EARL ESTOWN TONTINE SOCIETY. The fifteenth annual general meeting of the Pride of Earlestown Tontine Society was held at the Viaduct Hotel on. Saturday evening. Mr. A. Greatholder presided, and there was a large attend- ance of members. Mr. C. Aurilay submitted the balance sheet of last year's working, which showed the total receipts to have been £lO4 4s, 84. • On the expenditure side they had disbursed £54 7s. in sick and funeral money, and the total expenditure amounted to £75 13s. lA, leaving a balance dispos- able ot £2B Ile. 7d. This was divided by paying £25 3. 41. in dividend.and adding £3 Ss. 3•1. to the reserve,each member receiving Se. 101. The reserve fund now amounted to £53 84. 311. The balance sheet was adopted. Mr. Auclley was re-elected secretary, Mr. James Sharpe treasurer, and Mr. Greatholder, chairman. GOOD TEMPLARY.

The weekly session -o-f-ibT-11-o-n.e of Earlestown 'odge of Good Templars was held in the Co-opera- tive hall,Marlestown on Monday evening. Mr. James Hatton pre4ded, and there was a large attendance of members. A report of No. 1 Convention held at Ashton on Saturday waR submitted by Bro. B. New- man, L.D.9 and adopted; The carol party were res- ponsible for the evenings entertainment, and a good programme of songs, recitations, &c., was given, Bro. G. Clarke giving one or two interesting read- ings.

The Homo Secretary has granted a reprieve 'o Sarah Eden, who was condemned to death at the IRst Warwick Aasizes for the murder of Mrs.Simister at Aston by per- forming on her an illegal operation.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
MILD REN'Q NTERTAINMENT AT EA ALESTOWN.

Mrs. Brown, headmistress of the Earlestown district infant school, gave her annual entertainment in the Town Hall, Earlestown, on Thursday evening. The room was crowded to excess,the audience frequently ap- plauding, the various items submitted. Mrs. Brown was assisted in the mana4ement of the children by Misses Attfield, Tripp, Banks, H,lsall, and Knowles, and judg• log from the character and excellence of the entertain- ment, a vast amount of time and trouble had been expended in order to bring the youngsters, who were all scholars in the infant department, to anything like efficiency. Mr. A. Peake, who has lately recovered from a srious illness, presided, and extended a hearty wel- come, asking the audience to bear with the little ones in any deficiency which might be apparent in the course of the entertainment. The children were all very prettily attired, the prevailing colour for the girls being white with a sprinkling of colour in the way of scarfs and sashes, and both they and the boys appeared to enter enthusiastically into the spirit of the whole thing, and by the manner in which they acquitted themselves showed at once that they had given all their attention to their tutors. Master Willie . Brown opened the proceedings with a speech, which he delivered very nicely, and in rapid succession the other items of a very long programme were proceeded with. These included action songs, drills, Kindergarten games, marching, recitations, musical drill, fan drill,&c. It would be almost invidious to single out any particular item for special mention, as without doubt all were excellently given. Perhaps, however, we should not be doing an injustice if we mentioned the actibn song " Lullaby and tip-toe song," in the centre of the platform being a cradle containing a little girl, another mite officiating as nurse, whilst other children were gathered round singing the lullaby. The action song "Fine old drum," by 40 children, the boys with small drums and the girls with tambourines, with a boy beating a big drum, was exceptionally well given. The dance by children of the first standard, was undoubtedly well executed, not a single hitch occurring. The recitations " Jack's letter " Harry Valentine, " A bad case " Lilian Lewis, " Waiting for the train" Lily Knowles. " An oversight " Mary Smith, "Dr. Longcoat and Mrs. Bonnett," M. Dunn, J. Laughton, were most amusing, more especially that entitled "An oversight." All the other items, as we have said, call for no comment, and Mrs. Brown and her assistants deserve every praise for the excellency of the entertainment produced. During the interval Mr. Peaks proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Brown and the whole of the teachers which was seconded by Mr. Borron. Miss Attfield presided at the piano dur- ing the evening.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN PRIsIITIVE METHO- DISTS.

On Sunday special services wore held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Earlestown, in aid of the funds for the extinction of the church debt. The Rev. E.N. Shim- min occupied the pulpit at each service, and on each occasion delivered practical and interesting discourses. On Monday evening the Rev. F. N. Shimmin lectured to a fair audience in the Chapel on "Remarkable Charac- ters." Mr. E. J. George presided, and he was accom- panied on the platform by the Rev. E. R. Davies. The Lecturer said in the subject of his lecture they could classify the many departments of life, and select one department which would keep one talking for a week. But he would divide it into three heads, the true ruler, the true workrean,and the true woman. The true ruler. Be wanted them to consider the noble type of manhood presented in Tennyson's "King Arthur," a type of ruler holding power in a rude degenerate age. The type had all those qualities which had built up England into a first-class power. It would be a mistake for them to surrender their convictions to the view that our power lay in our armies. In this hour when we are passing through transitions, when it would seem that all about us is shaking from the centre to the circumference, we need men with clear heads, brave hearts,and into whose footprints we can put our own, feeling sure that our destiny as a nation shall not be wrecked. We want rulers, and he should like to touch upon an object lesson which touches upon the occasion. The massacres in Armenia : were a standing disgrace to the great Powers who had banded themoelves together to see that jus- tice shall be done, and a proof that when a weak man was at the head of the State, the mere puppet of his courtiers, the victim of his passions, swayed by his prejudices, we can see how much mis- chief can be done with such an unspeakable man called the sultan of I'itrkey. There was the proof of the value of a strong man, and we may well say with one of our leading papers, " Oh ! for One hour of Mr. Gladstone's leadership." We ask that those who govern shall govern in the spirit of this kingly man. Those placed in power should have character. The character was the secret of influence ;to do good we must be good. Were it not for character society would fall to pieces. It was the light of the world, the soul of the earth, the cement which holds nations together. Charactlr was the secret of resisting temptation. We admired such men as Washington and Garfield. He believed that Mr. Gla- dstone's power as a statesman lay in his spotless character, and from all sides, and all quarters people vied with each other in placift.: wreathis on his character. The True Workman. Ste would take them to George Elliott's "Adam Bede," who possessed a great amount of natural sagacity. He was thankful that George Elliott had drawn for them that splendid character ; he was a good son, a faithful brother and a strong manly friend. He then alluded to Mrs. Craig's book " John Halifax, gentleman," and said the lesson which that book taught was that a man might be in humble life and yet be a gentleman. There was much to be done to rectify the wretched iniquities which existed to-day. They ought to recognise the right of every man to rise. The gentle- man was the man who was master of himself. The true woman. It is said that there is nothing new under the sun. The new woman was the topic of the day. Where did she originate ? He found she was not so new as she was said to be. If he had read his Bible aright be found there were some new scorner, mentioned there. They say she is the imagination of journalists. If they looked at the new woman carefully, they would find she was one claiming perfec' equality, socially and politically, with man. Woman was made to be equal with man, his co-partner, to stand shoulder to shoulder with him. Woman's cause was man's to rise or sink together. Many a noble woman had helped a man through storms where his heart woaid have broken. There was no finer work on earth than the work of motherhood. Beheld the theory that all the front seats in heaven would be kept for the mothers, and he hoped the fathers would get a seat alongside. Let them feel that while at times they speak sneeringly of the new woman, they should not forget there were many maiden ladies doing noble work, who from principle remain single. To help the woman was to help the man ; the woman's cause was the man's cause. One mark of heathendom was that the woman was a mere beast of burden, the: victim of the lowest possible passions, but wherever Christ held sway the little child became the symbol of his kingdom. True women can shed a spiritual influence by the quiet intervention of commonsense goodly character, and so become what he called a " remarkable character." (Applause.) At the close, a vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer and chairman.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
WE-:1TON.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.—This meeting was held on Friday evening, when the chair was occupied by the Rev. Canon Wood. There were also present the -Rev. D. S. Bowen, Messrs. T. T. Sill, J. Tudor, J. Ball, Savage,Vose, Guest, and J. Collier (clerk).—The Clerk read a letter from Mr. Ashton, saying the Rural District Council had resolved, subject to the sanction of the Local Govern • ment Board, that two places bo provided in the town- ship of Weston, one in the Weston Ward and the other in the Weaver Ward,for the deposit of nightsoil the former on land belonging to Mr. Thomas Ford, and the latter provided by Mr. John Jeffs, each at a rental of £5 to be paid quarterly, the tenancy to be subject to determina- tion by six months' notice.—Mr. Sill said the ques- tion had been satisfactorily settled.—The Clerk reported I that the Council had hitherto made a precept on the overseers for £35, and of this £2B 59. 11d, had been paid for election expenses. After the other items had been met there remained in hand 4s. 7d. In order to see them through to the end of the year he suggested that a precept for £5 be made upon the overseers," payable in January.—The Chairman said it would be interesting to the ratepayers to know the annual cost of the Council. —The Clerk said that to meet their expenses, when no elections occurred, the cost would be about £5 a year. Of course this did not include his salary, which came out of the poor rate, and which had to be increased by that amount. The total rateable value of the township he believed was £11,300, and a penny rate would realize about £4s.—The Chairman said the expenses of the Council would therefore mean one-ninth of a penny in the £, or with the salary included, one-third of a penny. Under these circumstances it could not be said that they were extravagant in their expenditure.—Mr. Sill thought it would ba wise to have a small balance in hand, to meet any extraordinary expenees that might arise.. He therefore proposed that A precept be issued on the over- seers for £lO, to meet the current expenses of the Vose seconded the motion, which was carried.

===== 0002601_18951221_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
CONGREGATIONAL CHuncir, NEWTON.

In connection with the Religious Tract Society special sermons were preached in the Congrega- tional Clutch, Newton, on Sunday, by the Rev. J. Wilkins, Association Secretary of the Society. There were fair congregations at each service, and col- lections were made in aid of the society. THE DISTRICT COUNCIL CLERKSHIP. Last Friday evening the committee weeded the applications for this post, down to 12, and those now left in will appear betore the Council on Monday, when the appointment will be made.

_ CAD-BURY'S COCOA Is a gentle stimulant ;it does not irritate the nerves, but (- soothing. refreshing, nourlstAng,invigorating , and strengthens lug to the body.—Advt.

.1.:',-;,,,1,,,.;•'74:::,.;:!,..''... ..•.,,,'i':;.::-:ti4!':yv,:gi4!ae'c

===== 0002601_18951221_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

When the team representing the Brighouse Rangers came on the field on Saturday, there was much shaking of heads among the spectators as to the result of the match. The Rangers looked such giants by the side of the Warrington players that a win for the latter did not appear possible. These forebodings proved to be only too correct, for the Rangers inflicted the heaviest home defeat that Warrington has sustained during the present season.

Only the most sanguine of the Warrington supporters expected Warrington to win, for the Brighouse men came with a very good reputation, having never been defeated by a Lancashire club this season,and hearing by far the best defence of any club in the Northern Union. They have only suffered three defeats, and these were by Leeds, Bradford and Hull,places where they by some strange fatality are almost unvariably beaten. Previous to Saturday, their lines have only been crossod six times, so that despite their heavy defeat, Warrington, and Taylor in particular, have something to cotrgratu- late themselves noon, in being able to score at all. In no match have the Rangers' lines been crossed twice. Many at the commencement of the season predicted that Brighouse Rangers would finish at the top of the Northern Rugby League, and there is not a very remote probability that such will be the case.

On the day's play on Saturday, Warrington had decidedly the worst of it, though they pressed consider- ably, especially in the last half. They, however, lacked the ability to make the best of their opportunities. The forwards were much teo light to grapple with their opponents successfully, while the half backs did not play a great game by any means, though Clark showed up the best of the two. The three-quarters were given very little chance of saowing their capabilities except in the tackling line, but the bet back on the loiing side was undoubtedly lieesorn. He gave a splendid exhibition of full back play, and but for him, the score would have been much heavier. He was certainly the saviour of his side on many occasions.

To COM 9 to the players individually, Taylor was the best forward, and shone out especially in the line out. He also seized the opportunity to score which presented itself to ht,n, ad he is therefore one of the seven men who have I)wered the colours of the Brighouse Rangers. Of the o hI. forwards, Andrews, Barratt and Fairhurst wArn tl-p3 most prominent. Clark as was mentioned before, was the best hal.while ansonz the threequarters, Harbn was the most brilliant, while Cross was the safest. Burton dI I some good work, but his kicking was not so good as mutt. C trey, who took Broady's place, while not excepti ,nally brilliant, gave a good account of him• self, and proved a thorn in the side of the burly Anderton m,ny times.

WA3 undoubtedly Lswis Broo'te who won the match for the Racgers. Ele was a veritable terror to his oppon- ents, and when he once got going it was almost impossi- ble to hold him. Ile scored two of the tries, and the third wan entirely duel to his play. All three were wonderful pieces of work, especially the one which wee scored by the ball being passed from Brooke to Sugden.

The matches in connection with the Northern Union on Saturday were most peculiar. Four of them restited in pointless draws, while the remaining seven were all decisive victories with the exception ot the liunslet and Broughton Ringers game which was won by the form ir by two tries to one. Of the beaten teams only three, Warrington and Broughton Rangers and Liversedge scored, and the two former only scored a try each, and the latter a goal, while the victors scored an aggiegate of exactly 100 points. A hundred points to eleven is pretty good,and shows that the winning clubs scored an average of over 14 points each. When this is taken into consideration Warrington's defeat is not so bad after all.

The most decisive victory of the afternoon was that of Huddersfield, who beat Widnes bv a goal and five tries to nil. This shows that either Huddersfield is improving quickly,or Widnes is going a lot worse. It i most pro- bably the former, for it is only a fortnight since that Huddersfield were at the bottom of the taide, and now they have four beneath them.

Wakefield Trinity suffered—a —defeat almost as heavy as Widnes,for that was by 19 Points to nil, at the hands of Hull. Hull must be stronger than last year, for they have done by no means badly this year. Tyldesley was another club which had a decisive victory, for they belt Stockport by 16 points to nil. Liversedge could hardly have expected to he defeated by Manniugham on their own ground by 17 points to 5, but such was the case on Saturday.

Runcorn are still keeping a very creditable position in the League table, although in consequence of drawing with Leigh on Saturday they !drop from second place to third. They can still, however, afford to smile at their neighbourly rivals—Widnes and Warrington—who are about as near the bottom of the statistical ladder as they are to the top. There were very few Runcornians who were prepared for a draw on Saturday, but the unex- pected often happens and this proved to be the case. The men from the colliery town, who it will be remem- bered were decisively beaten on their native heath by the Runcorn lads, played with commendable dash and vigour' and were, if anything, superior to Runcorn in the forward ranks. The ground, tbo, was not in a desirable state for a good exposition of the game. The Runcorn team play an open ana combined game, aril in consequence of the greasy condition ef the ball it slipp^d from the players grasp in the passing movements, and thus prevented them on several from placing the result of the game beyond doubt. To-day (Saturday) Runcorn have a tough battle befcre them at Halifax. The Hali- fax men arc at present playing strongly, and gave evi- dence of it on Saturday when they severely thrashed Wigan.

their I Seattnle Rhuhut

Oldham and St. Helens also played a pointless draw at Oldham, and Leeds and Bradford at Bradford. Batley and Rochdale Hornets played a very lacks daiscial sort of a game, and they also failed to score. Wigan have not done so well of late, and on Saturday, they went down at Halifax by nine points to nil.

The Northern League is as follows thia over!? : Score. Score. Phi. Won. Lost. Drn. For. Ag'st. P. anningham 16 ... 12 4 ~, 0 ...105 ... 61 24 Beghouse Ran 16 ... 10 ... 3 3 86 ... 25 ... 23 linneorn l6 8 2 6 ..111 32 ... 22 Halifax Bradford Oldham Leigh St. Helens Liyersedge l6 8 6 2 ...130 72 ... 13 Wigan l6 6 4 6 ... 50 ... ... 18 Leeds Hnnslet l6 8 7 ... 1 ...106 ... 75 ... 17 Hull Tyldealey Batley l5 4 8 ... 3 ... 43 —lOO ... 11 Steeltnort Rochdale H. Huddersfield l6 ... 4 ... 11 ... 1 ... 61 97 ... 9 Warrington Wakefield T l6 ... 4 ... 11 ... 1 ... 32 .. 133 ... 9 Widnes Beght'n Ran l6 ... 2 ... 12 ... 2 ... 39 ...103 6

The Lancashire and Cheshire section is as follows : Score Score Pts Phi. Won. Lost. Drn. For. ag'st. Runcorn St. Helens 9 4 ... 1 ... 4 ... 31 ... 18 ... 12 Lolgh Wigan Tvldesley Oldham Rochdale H 7 2 ..• 3 ... 2 ... 23 ... 51 ... 6 Stochnort Ivitrrinaton Widnes

The Yorkshire section is as follows : Score Score Pts. Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For. Ag'at. Manningharn 9 ... 8 ... 1 ... 0 ... 78 ... 25 16 Leeds B'glioc-e Ran 9 ... 5 ... 3 ... 1 ... 38 ... 15 ... 11 Halifax Hull Hunslet 8 , 4 3 1 ... 50 ... 34 ... 9 Liversedge 9 ... 4 ... 4 ... 1 ... 54 ... 38 ... 9 Batley 8 3 6 ... 0 ... 28 ... 55 ... 6 Brad 1 ord 8 2 5 ... 1 ... 2.3 ... 47 ... 6 Huddersfield 8 .., 2 6 ... 0 ... 22 ... 43 ~. 4 Wakefi'd TrFty 7 ... 1 ... 6 ... 0 ... 9 ... 80 ... 2

EXTENSIVE PROPERTY SALE A.T WAnnINGTON In consequence of the pending dissolution of partnership between Messrs. Samuel E. Johnson and Ralph Johnson, cabinet-makers, Warrington, Mr. Thomas Sutton, auctioneer, on Wednesday evening conducted a sale of their property, which is one of the largest and most valuable„of its kind in Warrington. The attendance included the Mayor of Warrington and a large number of well- known business men of the town. Mr. Samuel E. Johnson, who was confined to his home by illness, was represented by Mr. Spencer Well- head, solicitor. Mr. Ralph Johnson, besides being present in person, 'was represented by Messrs. Robert Davies, Kirconnell, and Co. The property was offered in four lots. Lot 1, which consisted of freehold business premises situate at the corner of Bridge-street and Rylands-street, containing show- rooms and offices, workrooms, storerooms, ¢zc.; lot 3, large three-storeyed cabinet works and yard situate in Ship-yard, off Bridge-street, leasehold and lot 4, four freehold cottages, were bought by Mr. Ralph Johnson at a total cost of £11,400. Lot 2, a freehold shop with land behind, situate in Bridge- street, !was /purchased by Mr. e. E. Johnson for £1,550. laws

lIA.LTON.

WEStEYAN CHURCH.—On Thursday evening the Nev. T. Brackenbury mave " A homely talk about Ireland

to a small bu*.apPreciative audience, in the schoolroom. Mr. McCulloch presided. A collection was taken on be- ball of the circuit fund.

WORKINGMEN'S MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETL—The annual meeting was held in the Wesleyan schoolroora on Friday night. The statement of accounts showed.tho total income for the year as £lO5 143. 61., and the ex• penditure as £67 14s. 111. A dividend of 81. 6d. each was declared. Eighty-seven persons re-entered for the ensuing year. Mr. It. Hughes was re-elected secretary, and Mr. J. Looker as treasurer.

ACCIDENT AT BIGFIELD VALVEHOIISE.—About a quarter to seven on Tuesday night, as Thomas Martin, waS climbing out of a trench at Bisfield Valvehouse where he had been ret airing a bursted pipe, tie slipped and fell a distance of 12 feet to the bottom, striking the pipe with his head as he fell, and receiving a severe gash. He wag conveyed in a cart to the surgery of Dr. Carruthers, where the wound was dressed, and thence to his lodgings at Bigfield, where he is at present. He is making good progress towards recovery and hopes to be well enough to proceed home to Liverpool in a few days. WESLEY GIIILD.—A very pleasant social evening was held on Monday evening, when there were wesent 25 members and five cnitioanions, also a large number of friends. The Rev. C. P. Glidden presided. The follow- ing programme was gone through and much appre- ciated :—Rading, "Shiny Jim's KSSMAS dinner," Mr. A. Rowe ; carol, " What do they say, these hell& to M 9 ?" Choir; reading, "Jack and Mr. W. MosrS ; carol,-" Good news we brivig and peace," choir ; read- ing, "A dose of pain killer," Mr.P. Rowlinson ; reading. " Hindrances to the work," Rev. C. P. Gliddon ; carol, " 0 sweetly they are ringing," Choir. At the close of the meeting six persons joined the guild as members, and one as a companion.

MA JOKE TS. WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDAT, Dec. 181 s. FRUIT, VEG I, TABLE, r"OUL DIY, BUTOHERe,, AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. s d 9,0, S. d. 9. d• Beef, Eng", ft 0 500 9 Melon. each ... ( o—.o 8 Lamb per lb 0 8-0 10 Oranges. each 1., 0-0 1 Mutton „ 0 6-0 10 Celery V stick 0 o—o 2 Veal „ „ 5 6—o 9 Pears . o 0.-0 0, i, ~ ~'• Pot' 0 6—o b Aoricote each 0 0— 0 , Pork sides 0 , cured 0 4t— 0 5 Cauliflowers each° 0— 0 t. Wi;,,le i.igs„ sc 0 0-7 6 Cticurnt, ra each° 6 -0 u ileese lb F,,w's w couple 4 0— 0 0 Tomatoes bl it 0 4 —0 6 Chickens Ducklings ~6 0 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 0— 0 A Ra ,Idts Hare 1. each ... 0 0 5 0 Asparagus VlOOO 0— 0 2 Pigeons,, Part'idge brace 4 0— 0 0 New potatoes Vat 0 0 -. 2 Grouse „ Pheasants -7 0 Green Peas Pk ...0 0-0 0 Turkey lb oo—o 10 Green sprouts lb 0 3-- 0 0 Butter, fresh t 1 2 1 3 B ans,kidney m 0 0-0 2 Hen eggs 8 1 0— 0 0 Pomegzanates...o I— (... 0 Duck , Apples to 0 0— 0 3 Lemons „ - 0 6 Onions „ , Grap „es 0 Pine Apple each 26 3 0 Good ')0 0-55 ; Greengages V tit i.,' 0-0 0 Medium 4O 0-48 ° l 0 Cherries 0 0-0 0 Lobster kitb ... I 4-0 j strawberries 0 0 0 0 Turbot ~o 0-1 on , Damsons ~., 00— 0 Salmon ~o o—ng ' • plums ~ -0 0 Whit•n, • ..,,.... 0 0u— 8 , Gooseberries,, 0 3 0 0 Flukes ,t Rasp .erries ', 0 i. 1. 0 I ~ ~PAI3 Blutk Cumnts 0 0 . 0 So!es „ „ 6 It'd Currants 0 0— t. 0 Soa flings R Marrows each 0 0-0 6 Codfish ~ -04 h 0 - , '5lO 0-0 0 M oackerel each 0 0 I bch 0 0— o 0 H.rrina r ,ozen 1

•

DEATHS. VALE—December sth, at Bewsev-road, Warr. Ington. 'll°W4a' Vale, aged 73 years. DAGNALL—Drcember Bth. at WarbUrton-stree t, Warn Sarah Dagnall, agod 13 years. , PARKER—DeCeMber 7th, at Mersey-street, inotoO, George Parker, aged 72 years. g nib Coolt• L-Decernber Bth. at Bowooett-street, Warrington, -a l Cook, aged 49 , ears. more Boys:lt—December 10thott Robson-street, Warringt,oo,- Povey, aged 69 years. Warr s. lit'Vf LEATEIERDARROW—DeOeiIiber 10th. at St. James-4reet. ringten, Elizabeth Leatherbarrow, aged 75 years. ,IX 14IR ‘4 PRIAM. the lista In loving memory of Ann, the beloved wife of u—irted , Peter Clare. rope mann aeturer. Warrington, who del) this life,l3th day Of Deceinber, 1890. Gone but not forgotten." ' '-------r---------------"-"----------

A

OE'l H.N

SFNR - SCULI

===== 0002601_18951221_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ; • - _ „

===== 0002601_18951221_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 185 S,

,)NU . __Ai, . LEGH-STIthET AND 183. MANCHEST OAD ER-1i Aqoll, _. (Near Cemetery entrance). WARR INOTO,IC. Stone worked by steam power. Design mP' Cr s and estuna,es sey, free. M( nuents, eadstones oases .kcl laa Wr cattle . always in stoo • The cheape t firm In .own fw porcelan and • ' .0, ,i I Cross . s, Anchors. Harps Ac.. to imitate natural flowers; m , Aise Globes ad Shades to match. All kinds of lettering Imo gilding executed on the shortest notice __._____...... .------•

ngton.—Printed and Published by Warr' it a 0 as ie Axaminer General Priliting Works. Bewsey-streev. and Published /e. also at The rasie:ner Olfiees, Victoria-relict .-T"xES ; High-street HuNconsr n 32, Georgo-strref.?—, alone ; andl33, I. kat-street. D.nur.sxoWB.—Dues3iBao 21 1895. oRN V7Aurt.

'-' c',-

_IIKLAND, MASON A

A

===== 0002601_18951221_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
' , , On service vt , WARRINGTON FLORAL. AND HORTICULTURAL SOCI TY. In order to facilitate matters for the cetning year THE OEN. RAL MEETING Will be held On MONDAY NEXT, 23RD D'CEMBER, 1895, At 8 p.m., in the LECTURE HALL of the WARRINGTON M U,-E UM. JAMES RYAN, Hon. Secretary. THE -PARR HALL POPULAR SATURDAY EVENING CONCERTS The next CONCERT will take place on SATURDAY, the 28th December, at which the following Artistes will appear : - Miss MARIE BURNETT. Soprano. Miss MAY WAYMAN, Contralto. Mr. GEORGE BARTON, Tenor. Mr. EATON BATTY. Baritone. Mr. FRANK WESTON. Solo Violoncello. Mr. GEORGE THEAKSTONE, Humorist. Mr. PREDK. MOSS, Accompanist, , Prices of Adm ssion : Is. (reserved seals), 63., and 3d. Doors opera at 7 ; commence 7.30 p.m. For the Parr Hall Committee, J. L 1 ON WHITTLE. ? 7 - , . . , a . fIANCING.-Mrs. COLE receives pupils (juniors and adults) every Wednesday at the Masonic Hall, War- rington. New tcrm commences January Bth. 1896. Single lessons by appointment during the holidays. Families visited.-For particulars address BROUGHAM TERRACE, Liverpool. HIGH CLASS CONJURING AND VENTRILO- QUIAL F :TRRTAIN3IIINT f:ir obil 'ten or Foults, afternoon or evening par ies attended on moderate terms. A pair of first class Ventriloquial Figures and some tricks for sale.-Fastomist, 47: Ciaremout-road, Smithdown-road, Liverpool. ----- • BALL SEASON, 1895-96.—Anderton's Bijou Orchestra.-Bands supplied any number, for Btlls, Entertainments, Parties, Ac., by R. Anaerton, late JIM. Life Guards Band, It A.M.. LIA. State Ball Bands, and , Principal London Orchestras All the latest, music on hand. Novelties procured. Brass Bands coached. Euphonium and Trombone ooloi at for Conc.rts.-For terms Apply R. ANDER- - TON, 78, Buttermarset-stieet, Warrington. ss-- BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. CHRISTMAS HOT-POT. HOT-POT and MINCE PIES will be distributed to the , deserving Poor on CH IsIMAS DAY. The food will be . served out in the Drill Hall from Eleven to One o'clock to , persons sending a suitable utensil for the same, and will not ' be distributed for consumption in the Drill Hall. , Application for tickets to be made to any of the Clergy, or to Mr. Taylor (the Police Court Missionary), of 188, Longford- streell. on or after Saturday next. . JAMES FAIRCLOUGH, Mayor. . - . BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. MARKETS. NOTICE IS fl ER F.I3Y GIVEN that in consequence • of Weenesday, the 25th December inst., being Christmas Day, the tfarkets will be OPEN on 'ICES DAY, DECEMBER 24th, in lieu i,f Wednesday. the 25th. Also that the Markets will be held on TUESDAY, the 31st December inst. instead of Wednesday. January Ist, 1896 (New Year's Day). Dated this 14th dty cf December. 1895. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.-EXPLOSIONS FROM CO BESTIC BOILISIL:, The Water Committee dlr-ct the attention of their cus- tomers and ratepayers to the large number of explosions which have occurred during perlooe of severe frost from boilers used for ~omestic purposes. Most of 1 hese casualties might be prevented by the adoption of simple precautions either to prevent the freezing ot the water in the pipes, or to relieve coy excess of pressure which may arise in the event Of the water becoming frozen. She Water Engineer recommends the fixing of a reliable safety valve, and he will be pletsed to advise customers and ratepayers as to the size of the valve anil the proper position for fixing same. J. LYON WHITTLE, 1 Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 14th December, 1895. CAJUN fY OF CHESTER TO WIT. NTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, ,that the next -.LI GENnHAL QUAR MR SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 30,10 day of December instant, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hun- dreds of Braxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all pri- soners committed from such Hundreds wiil take place at such Sessions. The Grand Jury and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 30th day of December, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be adjourned to the Court House, linutsford, on WEDNESDAY, the let day of January next, at eleven o'cloek in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, ond Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such ad- journed Sessions. The Grand atm Petty Jury for the linutsford District must be in attenda-ce at the Court House, Knureford, at the opening of the Court cn WED- NESDAY, the lit day of January next,at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 10'h December, 1895. --

PIANOS FOR HIRE, 10s. Per Mon''. Tunings Free. NO HIRE CHARGED IF PURCI!ASED7N 6 MONTHS. THE BEST AND CHEAP IT HOUSE IN EUROPE FOR HIRING PIANOS AND ORGANS, CRANE AND SONS, 217 TO 225, SCOTLAND-ROAD. LIVERPOOL.

pIANOS.-10s. per month on Crane and Sons' easy one, two, or three years' system. There is no other house in Europe that offers such really good pi no on this easy system as CRANE and SONS, 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

LOOD SOUND SECONDHAND PIANOS returned from kJ hire.—Yar superior to badly-constructed low-priced new ones. Great sale Grand. arid Cottages, Broadwoods, Collards, Erards, and other makers, from £lO to £lOO. Send for descriptive catalogues. All pianos packed free and sent to ny part.—CRANE and SONS. 217 to 225, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

PtAtCHASERS who can pay cash will find that the cheap- est house In the kingdom for new Grand and Cottage Pianos by Broadwood, C hard, Brard, Steinw,y, Bechstein, and other makers of repute is Cr me and 217 to 225. Scotland-road, Liverpool, where the merits of the Pianos by the respective makers can be tried side by Si he. All Pianos packed free and forwarded anywhere.—CßANH and SONS, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

music._ 50 000 COPIES AT Id. E CH. Lists 9 post free. from CRANE and SONS, Great Music Warehouse, acotland-road, Liverpool.

QILB UMBRELLAS RECOVERED from LI 3s. lid., any size. ALPACA from 2s. 6d. GLORIA from 3s. Repairs.—PAUL, Outfitter, 69, Bridge Street, Warrington.

pUPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. -RAJ T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS( or Cure of Rupture; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works,? It 9. Grosvenor-street , LO7l. don-road, Manchester.

ATE EISING.—The only sure remedy. Our wonderful L ELECTRIC SET will awaken the most sleepy servant. Completa 6s. 6d. Inspection inva d. Address, ELECTRIC DEPOT. Exchange Station, ana 24. ,4anchester-street, Liver- pool. Telephones, Dynamos, Batteries, Ac.

COINS AND MEDALS. TO COLLECTORS. On SALE. Fine and Rare GOLD. SILVER, and COPPER COINS, WAR and HISTORICAL MEDALs, COIN CABINETS. &c. Highest price given for Coins, Medals, China, Old Sheffield Plate, Antique and Modern Silver, Curios, Liamonds, Jewe.lery. and Old Gold. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO.. NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS. 63, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

QCHIERWATER AND LLOYD V SOLE LIVERPOOL AUTLIORISED RETAIL AGENTS FO WALTHAM WAGE COMPANY. SCHIERWATER, and LLOYD, as Practical Watch- makers, have gained a universal fame tor these Watches as THE BES r TiMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. They are copied by all makers, thus paying them the highest compli- ment by imitation. Price unrivalled. -- Silver Cases, Chronometer Balance EI. 10 0 Ditto, Keyless, ditto Gold. from 3 10 0 29, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Ch not). Strings. Bows, Cases, cte., of Finest Qa ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BILLNCID. 8 AT 37, RENSHAW STRltiva, LIVEKPOOL.

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffiehi and Itleetro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, ite. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson). 73, Renshaw-street. Liverpool

PERSONAL APPEARANCE.-HOW TO IMPROVH.—TAILS OF PURI& HAIR, 10s. 6d. HAIR COMBINGS pr oz. IMMOVABLII I from LADE ur, I Z. I SC ALPE TITS, J 218. SHALES BROWN, 3, LEBOR-STRART, (top of Bold-atreet), LIVERPOOL,

MACCILNETAONSEHD EiSc. lkaftAloDwEhAarLgeTsEcßollu:nDeryltpaErreAislßED, receive special pttention.—The MACINTOiII REPAIRING COM- PANY, 8 PRRSCOT-STREET, one door betore the Roya Liver Liverpool.

XMAS, 1895. TOBACCONISTS will find it to their advantage to call and Inspect Christmas Show of CARS, FANCY GOODS, ac., at WitsoN HIGGIN and Co.'s, 33, Paradise-street, Liverpool.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS OPERA GLASSES. SPECTACLES, BAROMETERS, &c., At 25 per cent. less than Lord-street prices. CHADEURN AND SON, OPTICIANS, 17, JAMES-STREET. LIVE RPOOL. (Opposite Mersey Tunnel Station).

VORFEITED PLEDGES TO BE SOLD CHEAP. Tools of all kin hi, enr,rmous stock. Men's Overcoats from 35., Men's Trousers from is 9c1., Men's Vests from is. Men's coats from is. 3d,, Sheets from is.. Blankets from is. 6d., Counterpanes from is. 3a., Jewellery and Cutlery. HUGHES BROTHERS PAWNBItOKT4R4 AND 001 leOfoli. 116 to 130, BROWNLOM LIVERPOOL.

XMAS PRESENTS. SPEOIALITtEI. Genes Hall-marke,l Silver ALBICIITS, from 4s. 6D, Gent's and Ladles' Hall-marked (loLT) HINIIS from 3s. My famous Silver English LEVER, El 15s. T. B. CAlto WELL. 105—DALE-STREET-105. LIVERPOOL.

UMBRELLAS, —Practical Manufacturer : re-covered in Silk from 4s. 6d., in half an-hour ; repairs on the shortest notice, - A large variety of second hand umbrellas from Is. 6d, to 2s. 65. each. Established 30 years.--McCAuLEr, 65 Thomas-street, Manchester.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT CONPANY, LIMITED. Head Office : 168. ISLMITON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £52, „ 20s. „ ft £3 Bs. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £3 155. Od. ALEX. 6ORDON, Manager.

'TANNERS' LANE COAL WU ARF WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES. NEAR WIGAN. AGENT :--ej WESTGARTH. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine coal kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, Douse ./rd,ers promptly attended to. Telephone NO. 98

NOTICE. TO THE PEOPLE OF WARRINGTON. GAME AND POULTRY, FOR THE WEEK-END. THE GRIMSBY FISII SUPPLY CO. (Middle of the Fish Market.) E OPEN EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY. With all kinds of POULTRY to meet the wants of the Working Classes. RABBITS, from 9. each. CHICKENS, from is. 3D. each. DUCKS, from Is. 3D. each. TURKEYS, from 7D. per lb. GEESE, from SD. per lb. ALL KINDS OF FISH FROM 2D. PER 1.11. GUARANTEED ALWAYS FRESH. PATRONIZE THE GRIMSBY FI-II SUPPLY CO. KEEP THE PRICES DOWN. NOTE THF, ADDRESS. IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON. CHRISTMAS FARE. THE WORKINGMAN'S FRIENDS. THE GRIAISBY FISH. SUPPLY COMPANY WILL HAVE A LARGE CONSIGNMENT OP GEESE, TURKEYS, RABBITS, &c., FOB CHRISTMAS, WHICH WILL BE SOLD AT VERY LOW PRICES TO SUIT THE WORKING CLASSES. KINDLY SEE OUR PRICES BEFORE PURCHASING ANYWHERE ELSE. REMEMBER I WE DROPPED THE PRICES, SO PATRONIZE US OUR STALLS ARE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE MARKET.

END OF SEASON. HARMAN DREW, 129, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL, is now offering his entire stock of LADIES' & kjHILDREN'S MILLINERY AT ONE-THIRD OF REGULAR PRICES. FELT HATS, go. AND is. THIS SEA ON'S PRICES. Is. 6113 to 4s. Iln. BLACK STRAW SAILORS'. 6tn. Trimmed, Worth is. 303. LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S FELT HATS, Beautifully Trim.ned. VELVET RIBBON and WINGS, 2s. lln. and 3s. 11p. Worth, 6s. 11u. and 6s ID). HRISTMAS PRESENTS, CHRISTMAS PRE- BENTS, Dolls, Baseinettes, Mail Carts, Tricycle horses, stool horses, wheel barrows. toys. Children's high chairs. horses and cuts. Useful Presents. Wringing machines from 355., mail carts. mailettes. The best In the trade re- gistered design Bassinettes direct from the maker, 20 years' experience, ELDERfusr.-192, LONDON-ROAD. Liverpool.

N ()TICE. DURING THE WINTER MONTHS, -KIRKLAND BROS., PURVEYORS TO THE QUEEN, LORD-STREET AND BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Will make a Specialthi of INDIAN CURRIES, And in order that they may be selved in true Indian Style MesErs. KIRKLAND have encaged the ser- vices of a first-class NATIVE COOK, Gomez, of Calcutta. The Liverpool people will thus have the opportunity of tasting Indian Curry as it ought to be. "KIND HEARTS ARE MORE THAN CORONETS." THE LAND 0' CAKES. KIRKLAND BROS., PURVEYORS TO TUE QUEEN, Have introduced to Liverpool the Cakes of almost all Nations under the Sun, and now they have made a valuable discovery in yet another New Cake, which differs considerably from any they huve ever made. The n,w Cake is called AMBASSADOR CAKE, and the Price is is. 6d. The Ambassador Cakes are put up in boxes, and are novel XMAS PRESENTS. The Ambassador Cake is a lovely cake, and, being varie4ated in colour, affords thought for every student in cookery. The Ambassador Cakes are made only by KIREL kND BROS., BAKERS TO THE QUEEN, LORD-STREET, BOLD-STREET, HARDMAN-STREET, LIVERPOuL.

PASSAG E BOOKINGS. TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. SPPTIAL CHEAP RAT ES TO CAPE COLONY (South Africa) AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND, AMERICA and CANADA. PAMPHLETS and fullest information smt post free on application to WILLIANI WATSON AND CO. PASSENGER and SHIPPING EXCHANGE, 23. WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. W. H MILLS, Telegrams, Pdar.agu. ." Stateroom," Liverpool.

NVHITS MAIL TAR LINE ROYAL E ' Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. Cotton hot earned on Passenger Jleamers. BRITTANIC Wed..llec. 25. I*MAJESTIO Wed.,jan. 1, 1836. Second Cabin will be carried on tbe voyage marked thus., Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to IstAr, 'AMIE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London. E.C., and 10. Water-street, Liverpool,

29, PICCADILLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock) Manchster MACDONALDS LIMITED Have revolutionised the art of Artificisl Teeth making. In Price, Quality, Fit, and Natural Life-like appearance. Success is the greatest evidence of ability and worth. MACDONALDS are opening New Branches Daily. Friends will oblige by 'Worming them of suitahle places. TEETH! TEETH ! TEETH! NORTH WICH BRANCH, 46 HIGH-STREET Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACT HD FREE every FR IDAY,II a.m.to 6 p.m , MACDONALDS LIMITED. Wholesale Artificial Teeth Manufacturers The best and Cheapest House in the Trade Single Teeth, 2s. Sz ts 20s. Guaranteed. Registered Trade Mark by 11.M.R. Letters patent. MODERATE AND INCLUSLVE CHARGES. MACDONALDS TEETH aro the best andcheapest. MACDONALDS' TEETH kre of Prize Medal Quality. MACDONALDS' TEETH Pit by Atmospheric Suction. MACDONALDS' TEETH Solt Palates for Tender Gums. MACDONALDS' TEETH Beat to Masticate and Articulate. MACDONALDS' TEETH ax-' Lasting, Natural, Life-like. MACDONALDS' TEETH Perfection and Unchangeable. MACDONALDS TEETH are superior English American. MACDONALDS' TENTH aro made without Extracting. MACDONALDS' TEETH an unrivalled PAnless System. MACDONALDS' TEETH are fitted in a Single Visit. MACDONALDS' TEETH are aids to Iltalth and Beauty. MACDONALDS' TEETH aro recommended by thousands. MACDONALDS' TEETH are supplied at wholesale prices. MACDONALDS LTD., have Ladies in attendance. MACDONALDS LTD., give all Information Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Extract Teeth Free. MACDONALDS LTD., Accrington. 4, Dutton-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Rochdale, 13, Yorkshire-street. MACDONALDS LTD., Forthwich, 48, High-street, Friday. MACDONALDS LTD.. Ilocwich, 6, Lee-lane, Thursday. Please Note Ole Address : NORTH W IChI BRANCH, 46, HIGH-STREET, Opposite Crown and Anchor Hotel. TEETH EXTRACTED FREE every FRI DAY.II a.m.to 6 m MACDONALDS LIMITED 29, PICCADILLY, (Opposite Infirmary Clock), Manchester.

LATEST NOVELTIES IN CHRISTMAS CARDS, SPECIAL LINES IN Id.. 2d., 34. Sc 44. CARDS. TUE PLACE FOR PRESENTS. W. H. PODMORE, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

LANCASHIRE -WATCHES FOR LANCASHIRE MEN. THE ABOVE WELL-RNOwN SILVER ENGLISH LEVERS WILL BE SOLD FOR 275. 6D. AT ROBINSON'S. 72, BUTTEF.SIARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

W. 147.00Ds AND SON'S ANNUAL SALE OF NOVELTIES FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. SPECIAL DISCOUNT OFF ALL GOODS, 4s. IN THE POUND. SPLENDID STOCK OF GOLD BROOCHES, BANGLES, RINGS, PINS, LINKS, STUDS, &c., &c. GOLD AND SILVER WATCIIES, BEST QUALITY AND LOWES PRICES. THE 425. LANCASHIRE WAICH FOR 545. LARGE STOCK OF MOUNTED LEATHER PHOTO FitAMES, FITTED BAGS AND DRESSING CASES. 23 CARAT GUINEA GOLD WEDDING PuI.NI4S. SOLID SILVER PLAIE. 'BEST ELECTRO PLATE. CLOCKS, BRONZES, OPERA GLASSES, &c., CIGAR, CIGARET IE AND CARD CASES. MATCH BOXES Iv SOLID SILVER. SP I CIAL DISCOUNT, 48. IN THE .e. NICKEL KEYLESS WATCH, WARRANTED, SALE PRICE, 88. 6D. W. WOODS AND SON. WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS. CORNER OF SANK KY-STREET AND CORPORATION-STREET. WARRINGTON.

SK ATE S, SKATES, SKATES IMMENSE STOcK FOR CHOICE. • FROM 28.6 D. TO 30s EVERY VARIETY, AND ALL WARRANTED, Or Money Returned. REPAIRS and URINDING done on the Premises, NOTR.—ONLy ADDRESs: 15 BAsNETT-sTRERT LIVERPOOL, (Opposite G. It. Lee's). Telegraph: " Fishing. Llv,:rpuol." Telephone 5,611.

THE NEW WINTER OVERCOATINGS. Having completed my arra"gements for the Winter Season, I am now pre- pared to Show a complete New Stock of WINTER OVERCOATI,NGS and SUITINGS at THREE GUINEAS. C. SUNDERLAND. 18, NORTH JOHN-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

(-1 kjiMISTALAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. R.. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERO' OF fRAVELLING REQU.ISTES, PURSES, DRESSING CAStS, AND RAW. . CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETK AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS, 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, AND 8, PARKER-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FOR GOOD VALUE IN CARDIGAN JACKETS, BOYS', YOUTHS' AND MEN'S, GO TO UNSWORTH BROTHERS, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. THE LARGEST SELECTION IN TOWN.

CHRISTMAS 1895. SEASONABLE GIFTS. EUSTANCE'S ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE. COMMENCES SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30m, AND CONTINUES THROUGHOUT DECEMBER. BONA FIDE DIsCOUNT Is. in the £. E. & A. EUSTANCE beg to announce thoir ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE, during which the whole of their ENTIRELY NEW and BYTE • SIVE STOCK will be subject to a BONA FIDE DISCOUNT of Is. in the £ off their uniformly low plain figure prices. A Splendid Assortment of the LTI LATEST FASON IN Especially suitable for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. Inspection most respectfully invited irrespective of purchase. A Magnificent Range of G OLD AND kiEll e.ll EWELLERY as follows ; Gem ENGAGEMENT RINGS, prices from 3s. 6d. to £4O. Gold SIGNET and KEEPER RINGS (Hall marked) from 45. to £2. The new Twist and Coil RINGS, in 9a. and 18ct, gold from Se. to £2 10s. Solid Gold (Hall marked) SCARF PINS and PIN STUDS from 4s. to £lO. Solid Gold (Hall marked) BROOCHES and EAR- RINGS from 4s. to £lO. Solid Gold (Hall marked) LINKS and SOLITAIRES from Sc. to £2. Ladles' Solid Gold ALBERTS and GUARDS. Gents' Solid Gold (Hall marked) ALBERTS in Sot. and 18ct. Gold sold by weight at lowest competitive price per oz. WEDDING RINGS. 22ct. Guinea Gold, sold by weight from 7s. 63. to 505., every size always in stock. Solid Silver Jewellery of every description. Solid Silver Plate, best Electro Plate including all the Leading Designs and Novelties. CLOCKS, BRONZ ES, BAROMETERS, &c. Also a most varied Selection of Silver Ornaments, Flower Stands, Brushes Mirrors, Trays, Button Hooks, Shoe Lifts, Hand Mirrors. Scent, Salts, and Toilet Bottles ; Cigar and Cigarette Cases, Match Boxes, Sovereign Purses, ete. Small Fancy Clocks in Gilt, Bronze and Silver, eminently suitable for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. FANS. A Very chrAre assortn .r.rt of the above in the latest and most tashionabte do signs. -WATCHES. Gold WATCHES from 50s. to £25. Silver WATCHES from 12s. 65. to £6. WATCH SPECIALITIES. Our well-known English Watch Specialities are CI hand-made English silver Patent Levers, Capped, Jewelled, and fitted with rill the latest improvements, prices ranging from 455. to £5. Each Watch is fully Guaranteed for 15 years. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT 2s. IN THE X. E. & A. EUSTANCE, WATCHMAKERS, GOLDSMITHS, SILVERSMITHS, AND OPTICIANS, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. (Established 3264).

FANCY GOODS, PICTURES, PICTURE FRAMES, AT JAMS ON 'S NEW PREMISES. 130, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PHOTOGRAPHS OF ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, ha Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDRS AND SON, WARRINGTON

UNDER THE CLOCK. IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 27, GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

TIIOAIAS RAIN, E DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION Special Arrangements, ac., for the Collection of WHOLESALE ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of conuissroN on application AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern nate Glass Insurance Co.

:FOR FIRST-CLASS P:RIVATX DENTISTRY:. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arrange TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Machl patient finformor iecclecibuterpand the cost TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. ITEETH. Painless ExtractriloiitiroasushiLlsto by the aid of TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. &sore, of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NIT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Ms. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-6T. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMAEKET-ST

LADIES' ANDS GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER In the Latest Style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS 0 select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. C. JACKSON HOLMES, TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO., :LIMITED.

LRCM HOUSE PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO, WARRINGTON. BI RTLES Desires to inform his customers that PHOTOGRAPH, REQUIRED FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS Should be placed on order as early as possible, to ensure their being ready in time. at this dull season of the year. MR. BIRTLES begs to say that Experiments are being tried with a new ARTIFICIAL LIGHT, and if found practical the same will be put in use for Night Photography and on dull days. Further notice will be given.

FOR RELIABLE GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS GO TO THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON. • HAMS AND BACON GUARANTEED , NEW SEASON'S TEA JUST ARRIVED FROM is., Is. 2d., Is. 41., is. Cl, Is. SI, AND 2s. PER LB. EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE CHESHIRE SUPPLY STORES, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

IT MAY INTEREST YOU to know we are Selling Off the entire Stock of Fancy Goods regardless oficost. From every Is. you spend we return you 4d.; a chance of a lifetime to buy Christmas Presents. Christmas Cards as usual. Photos as Christmas Cards, taken by day or night. regardless of the weather. J. Parkinson, The New Patent Light Studio, 45, Sankey-st., Warrington.

J. Al 0s s, FAMILY BUTCHER, 69, LEONARD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME ENGLISH BEIM MUTTON, VEAL AND PORK AT MODERATE PRICES. All oderre promply attended to and delivered when require. W. CHESTER, 132, BRIDGE-STR. ET, WARRINGTON, TOBACCONIST AND BRUSH MANUFACTURER 'AND DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF FANCY GOODS

RICHARD BREMERTON JUN., FAMILY BUTCHER, 4, BT. JAMES'S-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRIME BEEF, MUTTON, LAMB. VEAL, PORK, Ao., Always on band. from 50. to 80. per lb. ALL OItDEUS PROMP TLY ATTIiNDED TO, and delivered when required.

THOMAS J. Rioßy, JOINER AND BUILDER, ROSE AND CROWN-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTIMATES FREE. PROPERTY REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. RESIDENCE :-10, AIERSEY MOUNT.

JOSEPH TURNER, WHOLESALE SMALLWARR, HARDWARE. AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 64, HORsEMAREb.T - STREET, WARRINGTON. Wringing Nachin.s a Specialty.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODY N THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. CIILORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. riHLORoDYNE effectually checks and arrests tho te too often 'fatal diseases.—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CiILOIIODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrlmea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentery. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of hpil,psy Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. (ThHLORD'i NE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout. Cancer, Toothache, Menin- gitis, &c. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON and Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-slasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great. advantage over all others edatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant alter effects. '• Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manila, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet. Ist December, 1864. (-IAUTION.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMI- TATIONS. CAUTIoN.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BRoWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say. had bee,l sworn to.—See limes, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS —J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-A.. Bloomsbury, London.

EADE'S (21-OUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS • I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. EADE'S pILLS. 107. Jubilee-terrace, Woiverhamplon.road, EADE'S pILLS. Walsall, Nov. 22nd, 1893. Dear Sir,— I write to thank you EADE'S pILLS, for the very greatamount cf. benefit I have received from using your marvellous Gout and Rheumatic Pills. lam glad to think I am able to write, as had it not been for your grand Pills I should have been unable to do so„ and am quite certain .I SHOULD NOW BE ILL IN BED. GOUT I am extremely thankful, as I can still keep at my work. I shall nen 11 HE UMATISM every endeavour to mak+ your _art Pills more widely known. You GOUT may use this how you think pro- per.—l remain, yours faithfully, RHEUMATI M E. GUEST. "Mr. G. Bade." EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, Goswell-road, London. E.C.; an 4 Sold by all Chemists, in Bottles. Is. 10. and 2s. 9d.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared front Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and , may be taken with perfect safer,f by old and young. DR. OX'S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared onl by GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWEL -ROAD LONDON, And sold everywhere Tins Is lk each. Post free from toe Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or I, lqtal Ora',

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HoopING COUGH cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicine. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s. per b Ott le. Sole BRONCHITIS Wholesale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, CROUP 157, Queen Victoria St., London.

HARROFS BA SSINEITES. H ROPS BASSIN BITES. HARR OP'S BASSINETTES. 129 BRIDGE STREET. 122, BRIDGE STREET. 122, BRIDGE STREET. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. END OF SEASON SALE. This Is a Bona-fide CLEARANCE SALE of about 50 First Class Basslnetts, now offered under cost price to clear. COME EARLY AND CHOOSE FIRST COMERS BEST BARGAINS. HARROPS. 122. BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE GREATEST SALE ON EARTH. EXTENSION OF PIN M ISES. Have secured 19 and 21, Hilton at., which will adjoin and communicate with 44, Oldham-st, MARVELLOUS OPPOR I UNITY. MAGNIFICENT BARGAI'N'S. THE SALE AT• GERSHON'S UNIVERSAL FURNISHING ARCADE. 44. OLDHAM- STREET (next to the Adelphi Bank), QUPERIOR SECOND-HAND FURNITU RE, by all the 1,7 noted and very best makers, removed from halls, man- sions, hotels, offices, private houses of every de,cription, and which u, dergo a thorough examination and ale placed in condition equal to new. Im sy here r mark that he stock I offer is considerab'y lareer Ii ti at any other house in the city, and is not being plaCed in the market because it is soiled or damaged in any manner; but am ._,leased to state that in consequence of the great increase in my tra le, and the large number if orders I have to deliver every week. I find it ab- solutely necessary and theiefore decided to snake ext.msive . alterations which willincur an outlay of some hundreds a pounds. And have arranged with the oontractors to clear the showrooms previous to the workmen commencing opera- tions, and in order to do so I have decided to give my cus- tomers the benefit of 'he enormous re iuctions rather than store the stock, which embraces furniture of every tin in : in fact, such all assortment of bedroom suites, dining room sui,,es, drawing-room suites, office furniture, bookcases. desks, sideboards, dinner waggons cabinets, overmantels. davenports, card, work and fancy tables carpets, rius, bed- steads, bedding, fen ,er, pianos, and evory article pletely furnishing the mansion or cottage. Can nowhere Ise seen except at GERSHON'S Univorsal Furnishing Arcade. , 44, Oldham-st, In fact, when the alterations are completed. which will consist of for com- NEW OFFICES, .• • NEW COUNTING HOUSE, NEW DINING SALOON for the employes, NEW REFRESHMENT-ROOM for convenience of customers NEW CARFE l' SALOON, , NEW SHOWROIMS ; And other internal Al' trations, all loml and outside shops , will sink to insignificance. rITHE following will convey but a faint i ,ea of the Mar- vellous Bargains on v uw, any of which may be stored ' free of charge till required. TERMS F B theINESS DURING THE SALE. GOODS EXCHANG !F NoT S 011SN'ACTORV. EXPERIENCED MEN SEN l' TO FIX AND FIT UP. GOODS PACKED AND DELIVER itD FREE. CARPETS MADE FREE. LOCK-UP STORE ROOMS F!!lt CONVENIENCE OF -; CUSTOMERS. And, lastly, if you purchase on sny D fe,red Payment Systern I Charge a simple Five per Ceot Masa. Every custotm r astended to Ma member of the firm. which prevents the annoyance of a .alesman who ch ages high prices in order to make a big commission. Bankers—Manclaester Joint-Stock Bank. Telegrams—" Univer al,'' Man, heater.

SPECIAL CHRISTMAS BARGAINS. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN AT CASH PRICES. M FT JOHN _ALE, PAWNROKER. JEWELLER. PIA N °FORTE DEALER BAND GENEUAL nousE FURNISHER. (My Speciality.) FINE GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES (by Noted Lo.fd Makers.) And Stamped Warranty Given with each Watch. 3, UPPER DUKE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. (Opposite Dr. Raffles' Church, Great George st.) GOLD KEYLESS MINUTE REPhATER.—COST £5O, CHAS. TIEDEMANN, Liverpool gIQ 103.—m agnific Int Gold Present Alon. keyless, 0 heavy 1.3-c trat plain hunting-rased Minute RE- PR kTER. finely finished threrquarter-Vatr. extra ruby and diamoro jewelled m werne3r, full chronometer adjustm ; strikes hours half-hues quarters, nnd minutes as gongs. A grand watch o lii first qu lity. Isw twelve ntontke ago. and cost £5O Twenty ye try' stamped guarantee. PRESENTATION GOLD KRYLRS'i HUNTER WATCH By John Lecomber Liverpool ificent `vATCH, y this If mums maker, massive r am n IS-carat hunting case chrono- rn trr rate 4, brequet spring ruby jewelled, and all Lecom- comb's Improvements ; cost 1045 three ye ,rs ago Will I tad £l5 in pc Ige at any time. Payments, or exchange made. 'twenty years' warr ntv.

CHOICE CHET iTMAS PRESENT.—VALUED AT 08. RQ 12s. 6d.—Lacly's very choice small Gold Keyless 0 WATCH, in solid gold plain cases, studd..d with about twenty beautiful pure white diamonds of the first water handsome enamelled dial. A perfect timekeeper. Almost new. A choice 'ot. Twenty years' guarantee.

GOLD KEYLES9 LEVER DENTI-HUNTER.--COST £25. ri PT 10s. -Highly-finished 18-earat very heavy eased X„,r Deml-hnntlng WATCH ; bea tiful hand-engraved cases ;by that noted firm, Michael Bros., London • three- quarter plate, extra ruby jewelled, chronometer adjusted movements. New twelve months ago. and coat £25. Twenty years' warranty. Handsome and valuable present.

GOLD ALBERTS, FORFEITED PLEDGES, AT HALF ORIGINAL COST. SOLID GOLD GOVERNMENT - STAMPED CURB ALBERTS. £2 15s Od—Massive CURB and reversible SEAL. £5 12s 64—Very heavy CURB and SEAL, weighs 12 sovs. £5 5s 04—Grand ALBERT and Seal. very massive. £8 10s 04—Massive CURB and SEAL, weighs 17 sovs. £3 12s 6d—Grand Long Link FETTER and SEAL. £2 19s 64—Grand FETTER-LINK and SEAL. stamped. £2 7s 64—Massive CURB and SEAL. stamped. £4 12s 6d—GrAn4 Doubled ALBERT, long link. £3 15s 04—Very fine Doubled ALBERT and SEAL. £8 10s Od—Massive 18-carat Hall-marked CURB. Immense stock to choose (corn at from 30s to £2O. A stamped guarantee with each of the above as to value, quality and condition. Inspection. Money returned if not as adver- tised. Satisfaction guaranteed or cash returned.

SPECIAL.—MASSIVI SOLID GOLD CURB ALBERT AND SEAL —SPNCIAL. 25 7s 6d—Very massive. Government stamped solid Gold Graduated Curb ALBERT. with reversible Bloodstone and Sardonyx Seal attached. Cost late owner £lO three months ego. Wll lend £4 in pledge, 9-GUINEA DIAMOND AND PEARL BRACELET. is,C) 12s 6d.—Magnificent Diamond and Pearl BRACELET, LI fashionable and chaste design, set in heavy solid gold hall-marked setting. A bargain.

MAGNIFICENT DIAMOND HORSESHOE BRACELET £9 12s 9.l.—Cost 230.—Magnificent Diamond BRACE- LET. set in massive 18-carat setting, 13 pure white Brazilian diamonds of the first water. matchless colour.

40-CIUINE DIAMOND CREWENT BROOCH. isl7s 6d.—Magnificent Diamond CRESCENT, com- posed f 14 very large pure white Br zilian dia- monds of the first water ; forms brooch or hair ornaments. Matchless value.

This was seconded by Mr. LONG, and carried unani- mously, Mr. Join; E. DAVIES suitably responding. Alderman Halms N, in moving a vote of thanks to Major Pickmere for presiding over the meeting,said that notwithstanding the unfortunate state of the Chairman's health he was present that morning to discharge his I duties. They all knew that he took a very warm inter- est in the success of the institution ; no one, in fact, could exceed him in that respect ; and they would all join with him in expressing a very fervent hope that next year would see him in completely rejuvenated. They hoped his life would long be spared to them and to his fellow-townsmen. (Hear, hear.) Mr. C. J. HOLMES seconded and said that those who had attended at the Bank during the last year could all testify to the courteous way in which Major Pickmere had conducted the business. The motion was heartily agreed to. Major PICEILERE replied, and the proceedings termin- ated.

~ ok•., ' . f 1., -...: % '' • iL 4 L - . 134:;+: .04 44 L •,?‘„,•, . ,1/2.1143, wt 44, , 'r 4 • VI ,i •s ~4 , ... ...„. -; ..5, z• 5„ - V 4 _-.• 4 , •AL ; 44t, r ~...1.-", N ~. Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lumbago, Spriins, Sorenes.s, Stiffness, Pains in the Chest, Pains in the Limbs, rains in the Back, and all Aches and Pains. Price 1/1,_,, and 2,3. ii4t1773 PI v,k-• ..% ..4.,t6t A i.. -) 1 1 E r7,4"AA • ''''N';: ..471 'i tl i.;.'- ~.,- ,:,14. i' k;):. • tn,.. '7 '`,-",, 4,. 1' v ..,. 7 vl-. ri *. ot go ...k1 ovi ,t n 7, .. Te3.l La ,- e... iv• 4 -,.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH 69, AND 81, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS and MUSICAL IN- STRUMBNTS of every Deacription. Current Market Price Or old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

SPECIAL NOTICE.—LAST WEEK OF CHRISTMAS BREWING CLUE. MAGNIFICENT Pair of Bronze Mario HORSES. in grand condition, very massive, only out Payments taken. this week, not to be equalled at the price. Call arid inspect for your- 383. selves, For

JUST out, splendid 5-string BANJO, very po verfnt tone, Payments taken. electro-plated rine, with 36 plated brackets, best style, extra well 275. 6. finished, only

- VERY Handsome Marble CLOCK, new design, strikes hoursand hours on cathedral gong, correct Payments taken. timekee; er, English lever move- ment, opal dial. well worth 5 guineas. 52g. 6D. Our price for Christmas only

ND Pair of Birth enclosed DRESSING TABLES, ' nn- Payments 3. scratched, told eltewh 7s <re for 4. 93. 6d. Out price for pair only

VHEY Handsome Solid Gold BROOCH, quite new, newest shape, very pretty design, only Payments taken. 99. 6d. Also very pretty Diamond Brooch, unique pattern, Government 10S. 6D. Hall marked, genuine bargain for

QIIR our new Stock of RUGS from 36. 3d.. OILCLOTHS from Is. 21c1.. LINOLEUILS from Is. lid. Entirely v.ew_ pat4o,rna for Obritt-- rayments taken. alas. Largest an bests— stk..-Jos- town for the money. Inspection invited.

Tke following articles were forfeited this week. Silver Centre Seconds Chronograph to WATCH 355. Lady's Diamond and Ruby Dress RING 14s. SI. Handsome Gold PENDANT 125 6d. Lady's Silver WATCH, engraved cases 595. 6d. Handsome Solid 9-carat Gold BROOCH ss. lid.

RASS PLATES, Rubber Stamps, Brands, Stencil Plates Ac.—Cnaufam R. HALL, 53 Paradise-at., Liverpool. TDOTATOBS, good. 2s, 6d. cwt.; ditto extra selected 35., on rail cash with order.—Wsataxix, Lofts Farm, Bear Maidon. Essex.

LILECTRIC ALARM. CLOCKS, with Bell, Battery, Switch, FA Wire. 15s. ; Electric Bell Sets. complete, Eis. 6d. Cstalogues 2d.--Goaroz BROOK, Electric Works. Manchester. ANDSOSIE Wedding Present, Brazilian Silver, white throughout, 60 p aces table plate, 173. 6d. ; sample spoon and fork, I..—Miss CLIFFORD, 88, Brixton-road, L,ndon.

VARTHENVORE and CrlNA..—Seconds, £2 crates; VA test', £3; or 111 en .1 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d.—Write for lists, WICBB AND Co., Railway Passsge, tongton, Scafford%hire.

, IiiiSTABLUsHET3 1875--Asscrted Crates &Ponds Earthen- -L.J ware and China. 50s. and upwards. Prices on spoil- cnatoi. W. COOPKR and Co., Ayshford-street Works, oft Clayton-t, Longton,!,taffordshire. IGHT UP THE HOME, with our Celebrated Electric LI Lights, commising Lamp, Powerful Batteries, wire, ect., complete from 2s. 9d. List. !tamp. Hnndreds sold weekly.-9. Mclswrs, Chorlton-road. Manchester.

latti LOW fi,kfre kat Inlet-proof bark, MAlihit, nits ON SA.LII Mitner. Chatwood, Chubb, Ferry, Phillips, and others ; new and secondhand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

MA.GIG LANTMINS, slides, and accessories, Photogra• phic Enlarging Lanterns, Stereoscopes (and visit's). Micro- scop.s, az., new and second-hand. Incandescent gas lamps for Magic La terns —PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOr, 71, Oxford-Bt. All Sauits'). Manchester..

B— IILBS, 2s. Bd. collectlon.—Slx Hyacinthus, 24 Crocus, 12 douhle Tulips.l2 single tad/m.12 Narcissus.l2 Snowdrops 12 Daffodils, 12 Irk, 12 Anemones, 12 winter A^onites, 12 Wood Hyacinthus, 12 Star ot Bethlehem, 25.6d.10t; carriage paid.—TH EODORE TURNICR., Great Sutton.Sntion Chester. x

(I.IPITAL RECIPE for destroying Rita and Mice, also for A._.) making )uol at 3d. per cwt.; gives grater l.e.t and lasts much leng,r tartn coal in.' Smith's (hew) Envoi°. paedia," price 7,t, post free; contains 290 valu.sble recipes. —Address JAMES SMITH, Nurseryman, Horsted-Keynes, Sussex.

I,IOIt.A.LL Impurities a the Blood, Rrnntions 0 the Skin, _L. Pimp-s on the Face take “FLItiTCHER'S BLOOD PURIFICIIAG MEDICI NB." Chemists everywhere In bottles Is. ljd. and 2s. egt. Copy of unsolicited Testimonials with trial ta•ttle for 14 stampr.—Frai.Tcam chemist, Eckington, Rotherham.

ilitiElallthOVED HALF GUINISA COSI TJXI3, m4de to measure, by 'the Bon Marche in Cistle-st., Shrews- bury. is now handsomely trimmed with jet. bend for patterns Gf maierial. trimmings and fashion plate to Pro- prietors, LEDGEh AND Littaiiita, the only known makers of Hall-guinea Costumes to measure, -

puns INDIAN TRA AT FIRST COST. To be given away s Free :ample of Pure Indian Tea, to every applicant. 'lmported by Advertoser direct from the growers llencioue flavour : 31. be, se. 3,1 ; 61bs, 10s.; Nibs, ISs.; MAR. 30s. All carriage paid.—H. lIIITLICII. Connaught- road. Reading.

A BOOR FOR LADIES. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman. and it will not harm the un- married to read. No book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating t, married women. Some may tblua too much is t&d ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power, and the means of attaining happmess. The book can be had, in envelo, e from OR. ALLINSON, 30, Hygela, Spanish-place, Manchester- square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for is. 2d.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. liMORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloornsbury. W.C. Clietipe.t Mouse in London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and HOREB Mouldings, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings &c. Wholesale Carver hnd Glider and Mount Ciitter. Beg'!ding. Special attention to country orders. Full particuiars in New Pattern Book jost ptv.i- lished, 107 pages containing-all the newest designs, for six penuy stamps, Glass Date Fr... r.•.] o n [My Welegrams RABBITRY, London."

OHINA. and BART HBNWARB.—Bnyers are strongly ad- vised to send for pnce lists of Dinner Sets, Tea Sets; Toilet Sets ; China and Earthenware of all kinds and all prices. Special El sample crate of best and seo.mds ; single set 01 anything sent as sample. Buy direct from th and Co.,Longton,staffordshire Potteries. X -VISH! FISH 1 FISH I On receipt of 10a we wil for- w.trd I.C/ stone of Col, Ling, lifaddo-,k. and Plaice ; splendid guility, well•iced ; or on receipt of P.O. 2s. 6d. will lorward a bass of finest seh.cted Fish, carriage paid to any part c.f Great Britain. Norway Herring les per box,— GREAT BRITAIN VISE AND OYSThrt SUPPLY COMPA,Y, Grimsby Docks.

SORE EYES DISEASES! BAD LEGS WESLEY'S OINTMENT is warranted to cure Bad Legs, Bad Breasts. Ulcers, Burns, Scalds, Bolls Rheumatic rains, Sore Eves, and all Skin Diseases causing the skin to become beautifully clear snd healthy. (let a pot and ton3t its great and manifold virtues. Many cases have iieen Cured when the doctors have fail< d. Sent post free for 12 stamps. from 11OLD1tOYD'S DAVI SIMMS. Cleck- heaton. Yozks.

PHOTOGRAPHY.—To Prevent P.O.P. Prints Sticklng ta Glass or Ferrotype use fizz Paste ; excellent results ; ed, Bottle post 714. atontvesox and HEIGHLEY, 157, Borth Hill-street, Liverpool.: , A STROLOGY.—Youi horoscope forecast. Send name in IX full. elate of birth, and 2s.—Address PAUL IlmswlCX, Woiseley Bridge, Stafford. Mention this paper.

HALL MARKED SILVER MOUNTED PIPE given to every pnrchaser of lb. Gilbert's SMDEING MIXTURE (first order excellent Sworn.. Everyone delighted. Nineteen stamps.—E. HUNTLEY, Horsefair, Kidderminster.

GOUT and RHEUMATISM promptly RELIEVED and SPEEDILY CURED, simple and efficacious remedy; send thirt-en penny stamps for full recipe post tree, saving exorbitant doctor's fe,-B.—S. Colmvy, 163, Ham Park-road, London B. Completely cured Advertiser.

FOR PILES, inward, outward, or bleeding, take Sped- ding's Basellb and be cured, as hundreds before. sold by chernlsts and Taylors' Stores, or Proprietor— SPEDDING, Bone Setter, Batley. is. a bra ; post free le. 2d. Whole- sale Agents : GOODIULL, BACKHOTME It CO., Leeds.

ti'VattLAT.l.Cri:J:yHtin bweisdteanwdatesit.rporrx.stoninst,t,hnet navy canvas, and weighs 4;b. I will send one post free for 35., worth 7.3. 6d.—From HENRY JOHN GASSON, Eye. Sussex.

T IG RT WATERPROOF SliEliT3, 6ft. long, 3ft. wide, 1J 2s. ;or 61. long and 61t. wide. 55.; very strong. with brass eyelet-holes, cost four times the money. Post free from—HENRY JOHN GASS)N, Government Contractor, Rye Sussex.

ONE SHILLING PER VOLUME.--Messrs. Sharpe and P Kellett, Bookbinders, Printers. Lithographers and Statlone,s, Ism. ii, Vernoa-st., iverpool. Rind all Maga- zines, such as •• Leisure Hour" and " Cornhill," in full cloth lettered at One Shilling per Volume.

PODROWN Oak BOOKCASE, plate glass doors, 6ft. 3M. long, Bft. 6in. high, of the best quitlity. PICI UR RI. Ito., and other good Seo.nd-hind FURNITURE, too numerous to be mentioned, to be sold cheap.—A. REDFERY, 22 and 24, City- road, 5 minutes' walk from Central Station. Manchester.

RIJ GS I RUGS I I—Good, all wool, Bft. long, 61t. wide, and weigli over four pounds ; Government grey only been used a little; much better than common new ; I will send one post free for 3s.—From HENRY JOHN HASSON, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex.

FOIL SAL% 8 bargaln.—Handsome Lady's anti Gentleman's presentation Silver 'Keyless WATCH. in case, by good maker, value £4 ifs each. sent post free for £1 each.— Address Messrs. SMITH and MILLS. 12, Stanley Gardens, Acton Vale, London, W.

Hliftl39,— NATURE'S MEDICINE.—JOIIN BOOTH, Medical Herbalist,Crewe,2s years' experience./Sufferers from Indigestion Blood Impurities, Nervousness. Gravel, Sluggish Liver, Private Complaints. Sm. Advice and thou- 'ars free. Merin' Medicine end Pills, week's supply, ls. 3d., properly mixed to suit complaint.--lry Nature's Remedies.

1 UN.-UNQUBSTIONAI3I.I? BARGAIN. First rite, Vngllsh make guaranteed, double barrelled 12 bore breechloader. centre fire, double bolted, Top lever. rebounding locks, spring forend. circular hammers, springlees strlk,a.s, horn beelplate, engine turned rib, handsome dark grained walnut stck, pist.d hand, well finirhed, neat engraving. English Government proof barrels, grand killer, condition equals new, approval, carriage paid, £2 35a.—W. COOTE RETNOLDS, Devonshire-street, Holborn, London.

25,000 Pays of LEGGINGS, just pasted out of ser- vice, very strong and good-looking, with whalebone stiffening up sides, strap top and bottom, leather lace up sides, extra bound leather, bound tcp and bottom. Cost 7s. per pair ; will send one pair post free for 24 stamps from H. J. GessoN, Government contractor, Rye. LOOK LOOK ii LOOK!!! Greatest bargains on earth. 10,000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes. Purchased from the Government. Cost 7s, 6d. each, I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free. Quite new, but put out of service.—llENßY JOHN Gas ox, Government Contractor, Rye, Sussex.

LOOK I LOOK I I—Greatest Bargain ever offered. A Brand New WATERPROOF HOOD and CAPR G. %TEN AWAY with every pair of my Army Rugs wh ch are Btt. long, 6th. wide, weigh over 41b.; 6s. a pair, sul'able tor berlcovering, horse rugs, etc.—HENRY ROBINSON, Rye, Sussex.

CIRRISTMAS CARDS.—Our cheap Packets of Christmas Cards are better value than ever. lslin,r.enny Parcels corftain 50, 20. (Sr 12 good Cards. Or 100, 40, or 20 Choice Cards for is. 3d. Tivinty Cards, value over 64. each, sent tor 2s. 100. ;or nine 6d. Cards for le. 3d. Ten specially good Comic Cards for is. Id.—Address CoLuss & Ce., 58. Lupus-street, Loudon, S.W.

pILES ! PILES! PILES !! I And all diseases of impure blood. HEAL'S celebrated remedies are guaranteed to cure them or money retwned. What other firm with m- ottled remedies offer terms like this? None genuine unless from 6, HEATH-STREET, Lower Broughton-road, Manchester. Post free Is. 3d. Hundreds of cures and never a failure known.

jiMPORTANT TO MAREIED LADIES. Valuable and never-failing remedies for all irregularities and obstructions however obs Mate or h. ng-stanning, and never fail to bring about the desired effect, as testified to by hundreds of cases; they are without parallel in medical science; have saved thousand. trouble, illness and expense. Stamped envelope for price Iist.—QuALGIED CHEMIST. 201, GI, eat Ancosts-st.. Manchester. ROSl36.—One dozen Dwarf Hybrid ,Perpetuals, compris- ing A. K. Williams, Alfred Colornb, Baroness Roths- child, Beauty of Waltham. Charles Lefevre, Fishdr Homes, Gloire de Margottln, General Jacqueminot, Magna Charts., Merveille de Lyon, Mrs. John Laing. Reynolds Hole. All descripti ass of Hose Trees, Plants, Bulbs, Seeds, quoted for on application to W. J. THRILL, 25, Brooklands-road, Bumley, Lancashire.

KEATO G'S COUGH LOZENGES. "ANT DOCTOR WILL TELL YOU" there is no better Cough Medicine than Xi/,TING'S LOZENGE i. One gives relief; they will cure, and they will not injure your health Bold everywhere in I.ld. tins. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY. THE UNRIVALLED REMEDY.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS N.l"„.eslet".ll,Ti'nß.-ess•t?, rpar,,nprlß-rtel atultb et eeire e Widow rated me 4 ictne from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and inc•easing demand. Purchasers Should therefore attend to the following CAUTION.—To be careful that what they purch se is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the Onroirfat. RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and Sign Pd on the Outride label by Mrs. Sop thers, and the names of th 3 Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, tineeu Victoria Street." formerly of 67. St. Paul's, London. are en- gr-ved on the Government Stamp. hold in boxes at each, by most Chemists.

MONEY.—£10, to E 1.003 advanced on promissory Note. Furniture (without removal), etc. Metropolitan Credit Comp my, 222, City-road, London. Established 1856. Deposit accounts opened, interest from 5 per cent. to 7i per cent. Send post card for Financial Almanac, containing full particulars and letters from clients.

rinty, AND BE CONVINCKD. Money advanced dail3 at a few hours' notice from £3 upwards, simply on note of hand. Interest. lower than elsewhere, and cash brought to the house if preferred. Letters prnmptly att nded to.— Apply in confidence JONES, 64, Church-street, Warrington. Private house. Special terms to farmers. Hours 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. £2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to b Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W. READCR, 5, Cook-st., Liverpool. Tele- graph Ne. 5,18.

MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. PRIVATE GENTLEMAN with a big capital at his disposal is open to advance Loans daily from £2 upwards. No fees charged. No security required. Simply on note of hand. Distance no object.—Apply personally or by letter to MANAGER, 6, Cross Lane, Earlestown (private house). Hours 9am. to 8 p.m. Strictest privacy guaran- teed. Special terms to Farmers.

ri, H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MAN° If EiTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO to £SCO upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower interest than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit bor- rowers' requirements. Genuine at.d extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE, PAYNE, Goaountant, 20, Kennedy- at., Manchester.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. 'AR. SOHN IL GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCE 6 LVI PRIVATBLY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable licaseholders, on their own security. aIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHARMERS tfoot of the Central Station), wirmns, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any livening. Applications frma RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

ONEY.-A rEIVATE GENTLEMAN with a IVA. large Capital will make ADV ;ECM from £5 to £5OO to all respectab'e Householders, Tradesmen, Workingmen, and to all Classes worthy of t redlt, s.mply on wri:,ten promise to repay. No bo,dsmen. No publicity, and no inquiry tee. The Money can be advanced, if required, at the borrowers' own house thus saving them trouble and expense. If you cannot get an alvanc- from me it will be useless applying elsewhere, as no respectable application is ever rctused.— Apply MR. WFST, 32. Golborne-et. (private house) off bankey- st., Warrington. N.B.—All letters promptatteution. Apply and be convinced. (No agent-) from mhand M "puliciillyNoTr on ncunrcittye , otoneksswOr ut slamdeietsieos; gentlemen, tradesmen, clerks, farmers, or any responsible person in town or country (rlistanco no abject) upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. No fees or preliminary charges .hatever • strictly private, prompt and straightforward dealings gua ateed. Bills duicounted, Res- -pectsble borrowers elsewhere paying the usual extoHlonate loan office money lendere' or so called Banks heavy Interest and fees, are cordially invited to come to me, and I will ae- commodate them upon much easier terms and lower interest than elsewhere. Before applying elsewhere call or write. WILLIAM SPSNCER, 1, Wellington-buildings South, 2, Lither- land Alley, south Castle-street, Liverpool. Established 1251.

£3 TO £5OO. ON YOUR OWN SEOURITY. NO BONDS REQUIRED, AND sT MOTU PRIVATE. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ £2) „ IC/- „ £lO .. 5/- £25 ~ 12/6 ~ Also LOANS granted on Life Assuramee Policies. Re- version,, Freehold 1, ad Leasehotd Froperty, at Five per cent. interest. Letters receive prompt attention. Office hours 10 to 7, Saturday 10 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH WADSWORTH, District Agent; I 119, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN with large uninvested Capital, WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £l.O to £l.OOO, to respe.ltable tersons. on tbe Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE to REPAY. Without Sureties Also on Deeds l -Repayments. ~ Delay. I „ Life Polices 61. in the B „ Law Costs. Bto. weekly, monthly „ Publicity. or quarterly Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, and not copnected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS requeir;ed not to apply. Full particulars from J. CAMPBELL, EQ. Manchester Chambers 46a, Market-st., Manchester.

-VOR SALE Complete TURNOUT. would suit Lady and Children; quietin saddle and harness. Good action ; price £3s.—Apply WILLLaM Wing 61, Tunnekroad, Edge- hill, Liverpool.

pRIITTY POLLY I Yes. the "Parrot Trick" has been . Worked successfully many a time and oft. Your safest plan is to go to some large importer and purchase direct from him". Of course it is his aim to supply good birds. as each one is an advertisement. Remember his address re- mains the same. while the swindler changes his repeatedly.— Copied from the" Yorkshire Weekly Post." —WILLUst CRose, Liverpool. the Largest Importer of Birds, Beast.. and Reptiles in the World. 800 Cages.

ORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly L 7/ CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Pook free from 61, Turnmlll-Street, B. O. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, troken knees, crack.'d heels. grease or thrush. CURED in .a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is; ; 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases at' Horses, Dogs, Acc. from COXDVB FLULD Wousts.6l. Turnmill-street, London.ld C. Ifiarbintrp, on gpale.

NAT ANT 1111) to 'URIC for about three weeks during altera- tion, STJAM ENGINI3 about 40 h-p. ; Under Type Driven preferred; steam provided from present boiler. Wanted about February. State where can be seen.—Address BLACRSTOCK-ST. Sewmtr.m. Liverpool.

Fp WO Gin. THRUST SHAFTS. with pedestals and GAL J.. bearings, new ;by an eminent local firm. A number of Pressure Gauges, Fittings, find 12 Ton Lifting Snrews.— Apply T. tiosimo, 1, Thornas-st., Liverpool.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod 0 Grieron, and Co. Limited), Ilulmo, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright. and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on applt- cation.—Telephone 229.

100 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising Lathes, Drills, Planers, Shapers, Engines, Steam Hammers, Am, now ready. Apply. SCOTT Bnos., Halifax. Patent Duplex High Speed Gas Engines, effect easing of from 15 to 25 per cent. gas per brake h.-p. on the ordinary single-crank gas engine. Best and cheapest extant.

12NGINE.—Horlzontal Eigb-pressurl Steam Engine, by L. 'Dramas Robinson and Son, LitniteA, Rochdale, 18in. bore cylinder, 36in. stroke ; I ft fly-wheel; 14in. belt; two 41n. Pickering governors; IC,Olbs. boiler pressure ; good con- dition ; at liberty in about three months. Can be seen work. lug at SLACKSTOCK-ST. SAWMILLS. Liverpool. No dealers need apply.

PATENT °MOW MANCHESTER, USTABLISHED IN 1835. Mesars.GBORGE DAVIES A SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, andiron meant:toter:a. "Self-heip to the New Patent taw, price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price is. GEORGE DAVIES, D.E.. a SON, F.1.P.A., 1.t.5.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

rri UCK AND CO., Limited. , INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTGS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &o. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread," Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ()NU. RONA Flinn MANUFACTURERS. 42, Cbapel Street, Liverpool, • Also at 35. ,11...01.cet, Street, Manchester. London, Car.tiA, Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LI VERPOOL.

\ PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCONSOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, ERISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest Improvements. Full particulars• on application.

Telephone N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. Omeks—Market Gate Chambers. } Warrington . AUCTION Rooms—No. 1 Rank Street AGENT TO—Stul Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Acciden t Plate Glass , Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited . Established 1864.

THOMAS GEORGE GROUNDS, IdARKET-STREET CHAMESEUS. WARRINGTON, (Late 10 years assistant collector and assessor of Income Tax,The House Duties, and Land Tax to Mr. Thomas Button, Leh-street, Warrington). ESTATE AND INSURANCE AGENT. Rents collected on reasonable terms. INCOME TAX WORK A SPECIALITY.

JONES AND ELSWORTH INCORPORATED ACCOUNTANTS. . ESTATE AGENTS, &0., ' 67, WIIITECHAr'EL, LIVERPOOL, ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of Property for Sale by Private Treaty, sent post free to any address on application. Re-issue periodically. Particulars of property entered with- out ch,irge unless a sale is effected. Advances made by several Building Societies (Permanent) on easy terms. No PREMII'M CHARGED IN CONNECTION WITH DVANCFS ON GOOD FREEHOLD SECURITIES. Private mort- gages arranged at low rates of interest. Telegraphic Address, " Elsworth. Liverpool," Telephone No. 2,136.

THOMAS CO WDE LL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALOR-it. OFFICES AND I SCOTLAND-ROAD ChArFER.S. SALEROOM:— f 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on Sale by Private Treaty. CONSIGNMENTS INVITED.

Euptleg, 13azommes, Carnage, ai _ UTOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 8, SLATER-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Nigh class CARRIAGES a Moderate Prices. Good Stock o select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. Tbe best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus . Victorlas, Wagimettes, and Phsetons. now for Sale or Hire.

ft ROAN FOR SALK, one manual, by Jackson, of Bolton, at Newchureh Cintrch. near Kenyon Junction and Cul- cheth Stations—Boy. W. F. BLACK, D.D., Neweburch Rec- tory, Warrington.

FIRE! I FIRR I—Genuine sale of extensive, stock of PIANOS ORGANS, Ac., previods to re-build- idg of premises, owing to the recent fire. Rattiest terms arrAnged to effect a clearance.—T. PAYNE, 103, Approach- road, Cambridge Heath.

ITIOLIN FOR SAL% very flm; Instrument. rich tone, V grand model of o:d master. beautiful varnisb,also splen- did ebonized C 489 bow, tutor chin rest, tuner, etc. ; price 25e. for everything, worth £3; sent for inspection before payment, willingly.—nANlC IiOLPH, 1, Bloemfontein-road, London, W.

SlTpric, SALE OF 300 PIANOS, ORGANS, AT J. PARRY'S. 20, DOWNiNG-STEEET, London-read, Manchester. Premises coming down, and must clear a: any price. Several square pianos 5i octaves, from £1 ss. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Cadby Full-compass Iron frame Cottage, by Brinernead Full-compass Ird'n-frame Cottage, by J.& J. Hopkinson 16 0 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Collard at Collard 10 15 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Adams 4 0 Full-compass Iror-frame Cottage, by Tomkinson 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottege, by Kirkman lB 0 Full-compass Iron frame Cottage, by Erard Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood l2 10 Fine Chancel Organ lit oak case, cost £25 About 60 'no and Two Manual Organs from £3 to £4O. Several high-class New Pianos with all the very latest improvements by Erard. Kirkmtn, Collard, Brlnsmead, Pohlmann, Hilton, Hopkinson, Rut! Ibacti, Newmeyer,Weber. SMITH 'S FAMOUS PIANOS' 34, OXFORD-STREET, 1. 83. PICt'AIDILLY, MANCHESTER. 179, OXFO R la-STREET, 102 and 104, PINS CONE STREET, SHEFFIELD. 90, DUKE-STREET, BARROW-IN-FURNESS. Without doubt the best and cheapest house for Pianos or Organs by all the great makers. PIANOS at 1 s. bd. Monthly }TILL PAID FOR. ORGANS at ss. 6d. Monthly Second hand Insttumenta at Lower Rates. Delivered free anywhere on payment of first month's hire Send for Price List (post free). or what la better still, Cal on sMITH perronally, a y day up to? p.m.:Saturday. 8 p.m. -- SMITH'S NEW 0 LIFE INSURANCE" SCHEME. Every instrument on SMITH'S Hire System is insured free of charge during the hiring, to the extent of the fultl value of the instrunient,asaa-sboula the hirer's death ens-ne in the meantime the instrument will be absolutely made over to the neareA relative ot the hirer without any further pa a ment whatever, no matter what the amount atilt owing Ma, be.provitaed there are no arrears of hire at the time. No addition whatever is made to the ordinary price. This is a Iperfectly genuine scheme, and there is no trick or catch about it. .1 pophEYEL'S PIANOS. JL The Pianos forthe present and future generations. Our ' tuners report these instruments, without exception, to be I the finest in tone and touch th tt they have ever tuned. The:favourite instrument of Chopin, the Piano Poet who would play upon no other make. OBLIQUB, list Price 68 GUINEAS. 33 1-3 per cent, off for cash, or 20 per cent. off on the hire system. Sole Agents: SMITH'S. At MANCHESTER • 34, OXFORD-ST 83. PICCADILLY, and 179, OXFORD-ST. 102 and 104. PINSTONE sT., SHEFFIELD. 90, DUKE-STREET, BARROW-IN-FURNESS.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address GEORGE EvANs and CO„ Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st.. London, E.C.

, REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking is Inseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you now-ad, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weaknoss, Au., from whatever causearising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in enyolope ov receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. Limit, 92-93. 6' 1/nssell-street, London, W.O

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LD DINORWIC AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL. CEMENT. PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR , THE BUXTON - IRE FIRMS CO.. LB. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., LB., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. . HEAD OFFICE 1 Arpley Station, Warrington. COAL SIDINGS : SLATE WHARVES: Tepho Arpley. Arpley, Bank Quay elin No. o. 19 arrnagton Tel. Addreiss, piey, ve Matson-street, RuncomrnoidGjanr.ston„ Ar

THE OLD:' ST Establishment for Linen in the North of England. LINEN. Post free for one ito.zen fine hem- stitched Linen D'oylles. 5/3. LINEN • Cheapest [louse Post free tot half- in the ,Trade to; ft-dOZSI One h erribroid- genuine Pure Linen Gomis. pred Limn & Cambric If and- kerchief s S ham rock Pattern. MURPHY & Oltß, BELFAST. LINEN. DY SPECIAL APPOINTIIHNT TO MILD. THE PIIINCE OF WALES.

PUULTRY.—For sale grand Plymou'h Rock. Haden Wyandotte and B nek Minorca Colkerele, and Pullets bred from winners at all leading shows. from 6s. 61. Pullies, 7s. 6d. Cockerels, cash with order.—WHITTINGELLM, Hardy Cottage. Poultry Farm, Bootle, Literpool.

OUTH RIM (line of doeks).—Prominent Free Corner' 1/43 SPIRIT VAULTS„ newly renovated. Ingolng £130; half Can remain on.—Apply ArrnEnTON, 10,Da1e-street, Liver- pool. TOXTRTH FARM—Excellently fitted. Free SPIRIT VAULTS. Most respectable and genuine business proved over £2O weekly. Only £223.—ANDERTON. 101, Dale- treet, Liver,9ool.

To BR SOLD. the Tenant's Interest in the Coodwill, JL Fixtures, ecc ,ofth 4 old-established and well-known Licensed House, West Derby Hotel. situate in the centre of that great pleasure resort, West Derby, There are large premises attached, yard, stabling. &c .adjoining the entrance to Croxteth Park, and the tram terminus is opposite the door. The house has been successfully carried on with one change of tenancy in 42 Tars —Cards to view apply 11. C. ANDURTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool.

NORTH WAL NS.— WE LS lIPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL; splendid sitmition ; home comforts ; low fees; most successful In exams.—Apply ['EAT. MASTER. GOVERNESS PUPIL WAN rED.—Prepara t ion for Matriculation, Locals, R.A M., R.C.M., &c, Rind home, moderate premium.—Bwre, Elm Villa, Staplegrove, T,unton. LAUREL BANK SCHOOL, HIGHER BROUGH- TON, MANCHUSTER. Careful training for profes- sional or commercial life, thorough preparation for University Examinations; healthy locality; large bed for games. A few boardersare recelved.--j. A. SUTTON, Principal.

QT.CATHERINE'S SCHOOL, WIGAN.—WANTED, ASSIS 'ANT Ix. PT. aslary, Nixie £55 ; feralle, £45 (for Boys' Department). Send copies of Testimonia.s to the JIHAD MASTER.

NIA Iss oVIIER f oLr I I%B' oKy s S C underi l O 014 L , Sw.kel nAt v e HEguOi as yearly. Healthiest plece in England. Delicate and back- ward boys under the spezial care at Principal's wife, who is very succes:ful in their training. There having been no medical visit durind the last ten years,—AddressDr. AMIN. MR. FRANKOFW HRHEPYI AA'NO OLFDgi 8..,TE: A TEACHER VICTORIA LODGE, BLIXI ON. Particulars as to terms, &c., may be obtained from Mr. R. H. Pearson, Bold street, Warrington, or from Victoria Lodge. DONN, GERMANY. —The British Chaplain (himself a German) and his wife receive a few girl, to educate with their dau,aners Best advantages for languages,music, art, as also for En tlish subjects. Certificated German and English resident governesses. Careful moral training. Terms, 60 guineas per annum.

COWLEY OCEOOLS, Sr. ELENS. New Buildings, £15.000. Endowment, £BOO per annum. bictiolarshi pis, £l5O per annum. IiEADHA',TER E. J. SIMPSON, MA., form,rly Foundation Scholar and Prizeman Trinity College, Cambridge. HEADMISTRESS : MISS FYFE, B.A. Examination, Newnham College, Cambridge. Next TERM begins TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10TE, 1895. Fees £6 to £8 per annum. Since the year 1884 about Two •fhousand Certificates have been gain-d by pupils in the South Kensington Science and Art hxaminations many of these being in the Honours and nearly Five hundred in the Advanced Stages. Very hiy h places have been taken in the Pass and Honours lists of the London Univcrsity Exarninatioas by several pupils direct from the Schools at which special classes are held, (free) for pupils preparing for these examinations. Cambridge Locals t Twenty-six Certificateg. College of Preceptors f Dec. 1894. Fifty Certificates. • SECRETARY :T. BEEWIS, Esq., Solicitor •

STOP f.)NE MOMENT. X X "Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for my d Wren's Coughs and Colds 9" TRY. TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT. BALSAM OF HONEY. The most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chest Throat, and Lungs. It never falls to give instant relief and does not contain Landanum, Opiumor Morphia. ECONOMISE YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH IS THE FIRST WEALTH. All who are engaged in outdoor and Indoor occupation. and are especially exposed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britain, BE WISE IN TIME I Don't taunper with Danger but go straight away for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Tightness of the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronchitis and Whooping Coughs. T, cures for One Shilling when Pounds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT I If you have a Cough, try it; if you have a Cold, try It; if you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth a comfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you have lost nights of rest, READ ON. - NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. When you are distressed by a miserable cold, nose bunged up, threat Sore, limbs aching, with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the &horn of Honey will clear the wretched syrnptons away almost before you know it, There is nothing lkie it on the market; it is thoroughly up to date It triOk les into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action. JUST ANOTHER WORD. When you ask or send for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase somt thing else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. Thousands of Testiruoni fls to. hand from all parts of the World. READ OF FURTHER. SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHY;OF YOUR CONSIDERATION. SIR.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey his proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as la cough or a cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at (nice administered, and his treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the Balsam in our family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by asking doses, as directed they seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is noon them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTER J. BRETT, Cal., Headmaster Severn Tuna March 16th, 1892. READ ON STILL FURTHER. 'A Cardiff Chemist says have larger sales for Tudo ,William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cough Curs, That's the opinion of all chemists. Sold by all Chemists and stores all over he World in Is. 4d, Is 9d, e net 4s 6d bottles. Sample betties sent post paid furls 31 Is, and 6s, ' from the Inventor, -TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L., MEDICAL lIALL, ABERDARE. WALES.. •

£3 LADY'S SOLID GOLD ALBERT. 295. 6 .D. FpoornbLiaedrisalvaeriyaprwetg sroiclhidlylineiggoalde la hes re3r. and ball drop Gcvernment stamped, and richly rn.c"__ , reliable quality, and a very handsome present. Writte. guarantee given. Sent on approved registered post. _ --_----„„

ANNUAL V MAS (,ALE. 45TH YEAR. GEORGE & COMPANY. SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. (EsTD. 1830.) RBLIAn "HE I9TBE AS PRESENTS, In the best possible taste and style. AT ON tatlis.a.,' U sUAL Pawns. 1,000 Magnifieent Diamona, üby. Sq,phire, and all other RINGS, 5s to 13s in the £ resinctioa. Oust. great specialite. Warranted gems in 18-carat gold, 2,000 Gold and Silver WATCHES, ras to 10s in the £ -Reduction. Written warranty with each. 1,500 Gold and Silver ALBERTS, 2s 6d to lOs la the £ Reduction. All warranted. • Fine Diamond DRESS and BETROTHAL BRACELETS, 'BROOCHES, EARRINGS, itc.. be to Ns in the £ Reduc- tion. Warranted fine gold. Magnifieent large Selection MARBLE CLOCKS and COSTLY BRONZES. 5i to 10s in the £ Reduction. Every Article in Perfect Conditi9n, in handsome case, and accompanied by written warranty. - GEORGE & CO. (Opposite Crane a Sons), SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. RUSSELL'S 30-GUINEA GOLD OH IioNOGRAPH. • 213 12s. •6D. TiTeMg.(ininalser for one ofQ Queen) own Liverpool manufacture Gold Keyless CHRONOGRAPHS. Extra rty iv jewelled all through, with full chronometer balance. adjusted for heat and cold, and all recent improve- . ments • in stro g, full-size, plain 18-carat Government- stamped cold cases, fully damp and dust pr ;of, with safety. keyless and unbreakable mainspring, timed to the 3,oth part of a minute, with centre-secouds, and patent site stop ;* new last year, and Is warranted for n'years, perfoet satisfaction. Maker's warranty given. GEORGE'S FOR PRESENTATION WATCHES. DIAMONDS. SPECIAL OFFERS DIAMONDS. BUYNK OF DIAMONDS °tuna afford to decide WITH- OW FIRST SEEING the m-gnificent display now on view, and (partly) shown in our windows. The extremely law prices at which ths goads are marked are astoundina, as it should be remembered that the very highest quality is dly adhered to and warranted. £ B. d. £lB.—Splendid pair of Solitaire brilliant DIAMOND EARRINGS, of purest wa, er, dazzling lustre, and without e flaw, guaranteed... 6 18 6 LADIES' FINEaT DIAMOND HALF-HOOP RINGS, £2B.—Very large DIAMONDS of matchless lus- tre and rarest whiteness and perfec- tion, mounted in exquisite carved setting £l9.—Pure Dl A MON Da.—L irge 5-stone RING. bil I itent. white Stones, perfectly faultless, and of rarest lustre 15 ans.—An exquisite sseto ie RING, most lovely diamonds, an ideal of rerfection and luitre exquisitely mounted 4 15 6 10 Qns.—Five large lustrous DIAMONDS of rare beauty, whiteness and fire ; securely mounted in carved claw setting; a marvel SPECIff.L BARGAINS HNC/AG44MB NT RINGS. £9.—Beautiful HA LF-HOl/P, containing 5 large lovely brilliant Diamonds and Oriental Ruaies ; handsome slew setting 2 9 6 8 Gns.—Seperb 5-. Lone brilliaat CIA lOND, half- hoopof rarest lustre and fire, st2u ely • mounted in sins g claw setting; posi- tively unequalled ......... .............. 4 ans.—Lustrous first wa er brillinat DIAMOND in plaint Mak band of 18 -carat gold 1 9 6 £llos. —Beantiful 5-stone half-ho ip of real DIAMOND A and RUM Sof rarest lus- tre in heavy 18-carat gold GENT'S sI NGLE-STONE DIAMON RINGS. 20 Gns.—Fi e large BRILLIANT tie first. water and sdperb lustre and fire Wart ant ed. Very hestvar setting £l7.—Large Brilliant LJIAMI)OD one blaze a lus- tre and fire. Very heavily mounted 32 Gns.—Splen DIAMo Gor rarest bril- • 11•ncy and fire and perfect purity 317 6 ano.—Very fine quality brilliant DIAMOND in Maeßil, handsome setting 2 12 6 20-GUINEA OPAL AND DIAMOND PIN. , 2pe A.rnnistt m )NpalitiloTia.ceint,ro. ftoitPmAsL and t) or To 8. 6D. *large opal of the most. exquisite fire and beau, y, surrounded by lovely perfect white brill' dits of the purest water, an beautiful 18-c irat elm setting. This is a jcwel of ideal b7utty—note the value. 9lso a superb Oriental `lapphlre and Brazilian Diam iad Clutter Pin or Said; e 09,, £l4, now only 25183. 6d. ; anal a single-stone Diana red Pin or Stud, coot £8 Bs., now 455. 61. Rea ly awash e gods. ' 7-GUINEA DIAMOND BRACELET. , Ell9s. 6. I(b.olestbe7 funtiirriziv_rwecme.:itgu fraustionn; Pattern singlestone brilliant DIANE INC and PR AP.L BRACELET ye' v heavy sold gold setting. Also lovely flexible Can band Padlock otrtin BR afill LET (with " safety ' chain) in handsome ease, 245. 64.. worth £3. £3 BRILLIANT DIAMOND BAR BROOCH. fa —or Char na B it BROOCH of artistic ]_B F m S. MO. design. in solid 15-esirit ball-marked gold, with lustrous di 'mond centre. Also exquisite Real PEARL, neW moon crescent and star. Brooch or Hair Qrnamentavorth 3 guineas. now only 255. 6d. And aliother IsHaomnel and Pearl "Iva Lear" Spray Broneht and another Diamond Heart and 'Arrow Gooch, worth £4, now only 265. 61. All 15. carat hall-marked., The above comprise the greatest bargains ever seen, being' purest gems. set in. solid 18-cart Government stamped god. are all guaranteed perfect as new, and in handsome c 'Be. and will be sent on approval anywhere, and cash returned if not as desired. DIAMONDS. GEORGE'S. DIAMONDS. 1 THE SOUNDEST INVESTMENT, WITH ABSOLlirmts CV') vnertrterys Rtaars maps's,

6 DEL UN:. E kla , 29 15 v... s. (3c. .11?norgi s c 44elingromm, ;Ts, TER. of the above-named reble City makeei fiae,t hand- /flake ; fully c.pped and jewelled 17 ,actionx with diamond end-piecei, fully compensated for heat and cOld, with fusee, Unbreakable main spring, and all improvements ; in very strong, heavy plain polished damn and Out proof 18-carat goldcases. with donble sunk dial; a "&a4 gun tirnist. Warranted by MA or and ourselves for thirty years. Ap- proval. Exchanges made. NOTE. SPECIAL X VAS BARGAINS A,T GEORGE'S

_ LADY'S £l4 GOLD LEVE,I RT Lady's Superb Gold Keyless Half- R 6 7s. 6.. Hunter. a finest plate LEVER, with full chronometer balance adjusted for heat and cold, ruby iewelled throughout, and of finest English finish; In heavy le carat Government stampe I gold Cases, h opal circle md Crystal glass, safety keyless and unbreakable mains,,ring. tiot had 12 mmths wear and guaran,eed 'for thirty years' (stamped warranty) correct time lc suing; in case quite as new. Splendid present. Approval. RELIABLE CHEISTWAS PRESENr3—GEORGE'S. LADY'S FIRST-CLASS 7-GUINEA GOLD LEVER. £2 18 —(New ast year) --For Lady's Hand- 3, kin. flAlle GOLD LEVER. of first-class make, with chroricrneter balance, extra ruby jewigled move- ment, unbreakable ma,ns, ring, and all the latest Rnglish im- provements ; in ma sive soli i Government stunned gold cases; sunk second did, and wild hands ; warranted t, kepp dead gun-time hy written stamped warranty for 20 years. Approval. Exchanges Ba..v payments taken. REAL MONEY VALUE P 411.:35a1P4—OEORGIF,I.

£9 ii.l.oJdall4Tqqßk KHLLIII. R 3 17s. 60. roßrytil,l al;;lTiiiren of Kellio'e t lsh famous manufacture. will full chronometer balance, and adjusted for extreme halt anl cold. extry ru'q j.,welled, fully canoed. wilt! unereak All. mainspring. and al latest patents in heavy Plain polished solid disarms s, fully damp and dust proof. with gold joint,.. Will not vary 10 .eaonds per month guaranteed. and maker's receipt and warranty with ours for 20 years elven. A very bet.. sound, rvliahle Liv.'rpool.watch, • and a berg ,in to aity parch ,ser. Approval. Free trial allowed. Payments or cash. SPECIAL XMAS OFFERS ALL THIS MONTH.

£l.O FULL sv,RvicE Al T Unit KAT& R 4 The lot (67 pieces). comprising six 7s. (3, —tablespoo,e. 12e. 6.1, ; twelve table forks 255.; twelve dessert spoons,lss 6'.; twelve dessert forks 155. 6d,; twelve •easpoona, Ca. 61.; tr./aye gg spoons, Sc. 84-1, and one pair sugar tongs Sc These are all plated wi.h pure Silver upon solid nickel silver. each article bsars the official Al stamp, and guaranteed (by wri en warranty) to wear twenty years. Any portion sold separately. it desired. Approval. 641,11''S £4 108. GOLD OUliti ALB SET 475. 6, 21',,,E.4,4',,'s,...,,",:...mnats'esivveerg,,,,Ilapnloernrrie. 'stamped by Gown. ment on eycrly link. Another similar Chain, only 395. 64.; worth £4. Another O ild Albert and Pendant, £2 16, 61.; worth £5 l's. All slightly second- hand, but no 'tors', than new, an warranted less than half- Price. Old chains exch need. Psyments taken.

LADY'S £3 10. SOLI I) GOLD Ow BLE ALBERT. (o Only (Wort)l £3 108.) for Lady's Most VS' .31S. I'D.- beautiful ALBERT. 0 full double length, With four handsome carved nrnainnnts and slides, two ,irons. se , and bolt ring, all in Gnvernment stamped g•dd. . . 4,4 .ayments or cash,. Spveial offer. One only, -' LADIES' AEG GRNTS' 90MT) GOLD ("GAINS ARE GEORGE' GRRAT SPEOIALITE.

& - V lOs SET PINE ART ORRfI ONN VASES. 11 6 The Pair for these stmerb, most artistic, and •S. D, yaluitble VASES, with lite, each vase having font lovely hsnd painted panels. alt vnatelv a rmilian ho -an lignres and flowers, with divisions in real gold. Also another Pair Vases, costly Milton, hand-painted ; now only 5s ed, 'worth 30s. Mn.t be sold. COSTLY VASES AT ONE. TIIIRD VALUE, GEORGE'S.

, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, brepared without Mercury, are invaluable to all who suffer from BILIOUS and LIVER COMPLAINTS, INDIGESTION, WIND, SPASMS, NERVOUS DEPRESSION, IRRIT ABM/ 17, LOB 9 OF APPETITE, DYSPEPSIA, HEARTBURN, GIDDINESS, sw. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS, 95 a GENERAL FAMILY APERIENT MEDICINE oave no equal being mild in their operation and grateful to the stomach They give a hr dthy tone and vigour Loth. different secretions, causing the necessary organs of the Stomach and Liver to resume their activity, thus restoring the appetite, promoting digestion and strengthenieg the whole spsteir 1)R, SCOTT'S PILLS, should be kept at hand by all Heads of households, to resort to on any slight c acasion of oiling on the part of those under th,ir charge as by paying attention tone regular action to the Stomach, Liver and Bowels, many a severe illness is avoided or mitigated. Too Genuine are wrapped in a square green package bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT, 173, Sey- mour Place, London. W. By post for 14 or 34 stamps.

NV OoLS, WORSTEDS. AND KNITTED HOSIERY DIRECT FUOM OUR OWN MILLS. FLEMING, REID, AND CO., SPINNERS AND MANUFACTURERS, THE WORSTED MILLS, GREENOCK, Have Opened a Branch of the SCOTCH WOOL & HO-4ERY STORES AT 371 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. For the Sale of the Celebrated GREENOCK WOOLS and KNUTTED HOSIERY and SHAWSWATER DRESS FABRICS. Those Goods are well known and largely used in every Town in Scotland and England. PATTERNS AND PRICE LIST SUPPLIED FREE. Over 70 Branches in the Principal Sootohand Bingitsh Towns.

CHR ISTMAS PRESENTS. • GREAT A 'TTRACTIONS. AV. CREAMER & CO.'S FASHIONABLE FURS . AND RELIABLE SEALSKIN COATS • ARE ALWAYS MOT ACCEPTABLE, USEN'UL, AND ,SEASONABLE CHRISTMAS GIFTS. THE VARIETY IS SIMPLY UNLIMITED. THE PRICES ARE LOWEST ON RECORD. SMART SEALSKIN* COATS FASHIONABLE SEALSKIN CAPES... Ell to 40 Guineas NATURAL SABLE NECiCLETS NATURAL SKUNK NECKLETS l2s. 63. to 255. NATURAL MINK NECKLETS l2s. 61. to ils. 63. FOX, tl 1 shades MARTEN TAIL RUFFS 4ss. to £5 CHINCHILLA RUFFS 3os. to £3 AN EXTREMELY LARGE COLLECTION OF THE FOLLOWING:- MUFFS IN E 714 RY FUR 51.63. to £l5 15s. 80/LS IN EVERY FUR Us. 6.1. to £l2 12s. 0 ,LLAHETTES IN EVERY FUR l2s. 61. to £5 ss. SILK LINED CAPES. TRIMHFCD Filit 17s 63. to £1 10. FUR LINED CAPES. TRUE'dED FUR 255. to £5 S. GENTS FUR LINED COATS ~ £6 6s. to £5O FOX CARRIAGE RUG £2 10s. to £5 10s. SEALSKIN HATS... Bs. 63. to £2 HUFF BAGS 10s. 61. to £2 10s. -- COACHMEN'S CAPES, RIOT nun's. &c. CHEF:DIAS PRESENTS. INSPECTION AND COMPARISON INVIT.ED. FUR MANUFACTORIES. 56, BOLD STREET, • LIVERPOOL.

TAKING COLD. A " Cold " is not necessarily the result of a high or low temperature. A person may go from a hot bath directly into a cold one, or into snow even, and not take cold. Be may remain nut in the calest atmosphere until chilled through, and still not take cold. On the contrary,he may take cold by pouring a couple of table- I spoonfuls of water upon some parts of his dress, or by standing in a door, or before a stove, or by siting near a window or other opening, where one part of tne body is colder than another part. Let it be irt,pt in mind that uniformity of temp r iture over the whole body is the great thing to be looked after. It is the unequal heat upon am-rent parts of the body that produces Colds, by disturbing the uniform circulation of the blood, which in turn indunes congestion of some part. Keep the t eet always dry and warm, avoid draughts of air, kQep the system braced up by plenty of sleep and good food, and by a powerful Tonic, and you will be proof against a Cold and its results. The very best Medicine, either for reventing or curing a Cold, is GWILYM EVAN'S QUININE BITTERS, THE VEGETABLE TONIC, Which is the most perfect Vegetable Remedy known,and the most efficacious to strengthen the constitution, en- liven the drooping or demoted spirits,brace the Nerves, and remove all Disorders of the Stomach which are caused by Indigestion, such as Loss of Appetite, distress alter Eating, Acidity of Stomach,Eructations. Heaviness and Langour. Disorders or the Liver are often caused tiv defective Digestion. The potency of the gastric juice in the process of Digestion is wonderfully aided by the powerful ingredients contained in GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, THE VEGETABLE TONIC. While the Stomach recovers its normal tone, the putrid undigested food is cleared away, and the poor dyspeptic is relieved of his load of misery, once more enjoys good health, and looks forward to happiness and long life. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Prices : flottlo,s, 24. 91., and 4. 61. each. To be had of all Chemists and V, ndors of Patent Medicines in the Kingdom, or will be sent at above Prices direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO. LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTII WALES.

WINTER Go-rills°. SEE THE WINDOWS OF TIIE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT THE TALK OF THE TOWN. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR ALL AGES. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS S. & D. B. CHESTERFIELD FROM LW 6D. THE M.U.D. OVERCOATS D. B. MUNSTER, WOOL LINED, EXTRA LONG FROM 20S. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS THE SCOTCH CLOAK, WOOL LINED, 1.85. 6D. AND DhBP CAPES FROSI THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS IN SCOTCH, ALL WOOL TWEEDS, SERGES, MELTuNS, BEAVERS, FREZFA, NAPS, AND HARRIS TWEEDS. THE M.C•D. OVERCOATS IN ALL THE NLIV bUADES OF COLOURS. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR GENTLEMEN. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS FuR YOUTHS. TH M.C.D. OVERCOATS FOR BOYS. IN A VARIETY OF FANCY SHAPES AND TRIMMINGS. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS READY MADE. THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS TO MEASURE, BEST CUTTERS EMPLOYED. T IMCD • • • - FOR GOOD WINTER SUITS ye e 111031 IDS. VD. THE M.C.D. FOR WINTER CLOTHING IN YOUTHS AND BOYS. THE M.C.D. MAKE ALL THE GARMENTS THEY SELL, NO MIDDLE PROFITS, ALL DIRECT FROM THE MAKER TO THE WEARER AT FIRST COST. THE M.C.D. SUITS To MEASURE. 28s. 6D, MS. 6D, 395. 455. ' TROUSERS, Bs. 6D. 105. 6D, 12s, 13s. 6D. E THE M.C.D. BLACK SUITS TO MEASURE. 28S. 611 335. 6D, 395. 6D, 475. 6D. TROUSERS, Bs. 6D, 10S. 6D, 12s. 6D, • 14s. 6D. THE M.C.D. HAVE EVERY BIND OF CLOTHING READY FOR IMMEDIATE WEAR OR MADE TO MEASURE ON SHORT NOTICE. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, AND 10 TIORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

MADAME FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. The most powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price Is. 64. (itrongest ils. bottle). Post free 64. extra. HERBAL INSTITUTE, la. HACKNEY-ROAD, (tacit, g Shoreditch Church). LONDON, N.B. Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £.lOO for every testimonial that is net genuine.and they can be seen at any time.

GOOD NEWS FOR LADIES. ALADY, the daughter of a late eminent physician, will be pleased to forward full particulars (on receipt of a stamped directed envelope) of a Certain Cure for all forms of Irregularities. no matter how caused or how long standing The Remedy causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration what ever. MADAME DOUGLAS, 127, Gaisford-street, London, N.W A Positive Cure Guaranteed. Hours sth 9 p.m.. on TUESDAYS. THURSDAYS, or by appointment. Name this paper

ireadDeafness, HHNolsesp, andEaAllFoth distressing EstAreßssing ailments associated with loss of hearing. absolutely cured by using AURALINE ESSENCE" after all else has failed. Ihe most marvellous medical discovery of the Nineteenth Century. Acts like a charm. Hundreds of grateful testirnoWals. Sufferers I Why remain deaf when a cure awaits you? Post free, 2s. 9d. per Bottle.—THE MACKEY militHDY COMPANY, 104, High Holborn. London.—Beware of injuri- ous instruments and other appliances. MACKENZIE'S FEMALE REMEDY. One ca;e guaranteed to remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUCTICNS and IRREGULARITIES in 12 hours HARMLESS. Nothing can resist it. Failure is impossible ' Seed stamped envelope for PARTICULARS. TEiTI- MONIALS. and ADVICE. Ours is the most POWERFUL and STRONGEST Remedy Sold, and in no single cas- has it ever failed—even in the m)st longstanding, intricate, end lingering cases. poet free, under cover, with written guarantee of cure ss. (five shillings).—Mrs. W. F. MACKENZIE. Trafford House, 83, Dawes-road, Fulham, London. Mention paper.

The Grand old Remedy for Chest Diseases. In use from the year 1826. eoNGREvEs BALSAMIC ELIXIR This splendid medicine should be in every household. • IN CASES OF On the appearance of the First Symp- toms of a Cold a good dose of the 0/3,,AtLoSfAatwfeICayELIXT will, In carry it ontrinbeetrorne AND it becomes settled or merges into Inftu- BRONCHIAL ma. At the first suspicion of INFLU- ENZA take —as well as when the well-marked symptoms appear; also AFFECTIONS take it for the SUBSEQUENT WEAK- NESS of the LUNGS, and other direful Persevere with this ',fedi- effects of this alarming disease, cime, and you cats hardly Rev. F. E. NEAPS, of Derby, writes: fail to get the Cough re- "It always puts my lungs right, and lieved, and the bronchial drove out the terrible INFLUENZA last May." oymisrons to disappear. In that very distressing disease, so For HOARSENESS it terrible, especially to the aged, is invaluable, and ASTHMA—ALSO BRONCHITIS— gPLENDID CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief. Bee the case of LADY G. BROMLEY FOR THE VOICE (No. XIIL In Mr. Congreve's book). Also as a PREVENTATIVE or COLD to Speakers going out In all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT taken one small lump or two of surer in the way of a lozenge. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors In bottles at ls. lid., Is, 94., 4e. Id, and family bottles at lls. and 2ts.

, ~'.,' tK 1 , ...„... ,), ~, utemndMlP IMMONII. , t ( ' , pi,1.ii...1 stitttti:,iipp ) \ll, t t I 1:•#;',, ~,,!ItLz 7 ~ \ / 1 i';l!tr 1 ''ir]. ..t;k ...,,,,. • „....., R0W.,.•u0.., • ,A.,.,T) Hurricane Lantern, With Patent Windauard Hood. Must Perfect thrt-DooriLamp m ,de. 03 NOT USE ANY OTHER. Be-wire of Imitations.

ROWATT'S LAMPS, Patented. INSIST ON HAVING A ROWATT'S LAMP. Our Lamps are the most Econom kid, Best and Easiest Managed. "MARVEL" Made Bs 3 sizes of 40, 80, 100 Caudle Power. A 11,g li-class central ,Draught Lamp. No better amp pnaturable, Beautt- ul steady light. Economi- cal, simple safe. —"SECURITAS" In too sizes of 20 and Fo Candle Power. A. cheap popular lamp, circular wick. "SURPRISE A. 30 Candle Power Lamp. Spilt Wick "ANUCAPNIC" Most perfect of Chimney. less tart ps. "PERFECTION" A 22 Candle Power Lamp One ft me only, giving more light than a Duplex. "ATLAS" 12 Candle Power Lamp. one ot the best and cheap- est lamps ever produced. RETAIL FROM IRONMONGERS. OCT

11) r ,II 11/ - - ' - AMERICAN ROLL TOP DESKS. Elegant is Des gn, and of the inost ingenious Construction. Suitable for the home, the Library, for Banks, for Public and Private Offices. The Desk is an offloe in itself. All sizes in oak or walnut. The closing of the top automatically locks all e drawers. Prices, from £BB. 0. upwards. Sole Importer THOMAS TURNER, Newang Srazer, LEICESTER.

BREAKFAST-SUPPER. EPP4-S'S GRATEFUL-COMFORTING. COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILK.

Boilers, Dynamos, Saw-Benches, and Pumps. Large Stock. Write for quotation?, statinc details of requirements, E.S.HINDLEYpit,Queen Victoria St.,LONDON, E C. or to Works, BOURTON, DORSET.

.1 0 WB tK INI suffering froai the ett-ets of Youthful error., Early Decay, VVasting Weaknest. Lost Nlanhool, fir lye]. Pains in the 13 tok, seasen, tte We will s.tid a valuable Treatke (t,e tie t), containing full parricillars for home cure. Free e ,arge. A splendid Medical Work should be retti by every owl who is n tryout and deb litate I. —Address NIPS9"4. WILK 'ASO V wtrl CO., Medietl Sheffield. ICstablisiterl Advi Free. wiLgir4,;(iN•4 4FI ltt, BLIXIIT is 4e. 6d. the case. Can be obtained direct. I cuRE.FiTs And to prove it I will GIVA you a bottle of my remedy for nothing, so that you may try it before paying out any money. I have made a life-long study of Fits, Epilepsy, St. Vitus Dance, Sze., and when I say cure I mean a radical cure. Don't CONTINUE TO SUFFER, but send 3d. for carriage of testi- monials and FREE Bottle of Medicine, and TRY IT. N. C. ROOT, 28, Endsieigh Gardens, LONDON, N.W.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. le lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for IS or 33 stamps), ,re a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, ,ad may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, hend and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the Mood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, Rite! excess in eatinr or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life; or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- eurials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, Loudon. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid.' per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S EVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PitCTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZ aNOES, SAME, PRICES. Sold by all Potent Medicine VendorA.

teloA MONTH Salary or Comm.ission. ACTIVE Alen, at good remuneration, are Wanted, each locality, to Introduce (locally or travelling) new dis- covery and keep our Show Cards and Advertising Matter distributed throughout town and country ; steady employ- ment ; commission or salary Z.o per month, and expenses up to xos. 6d. per day; money deposited with bankers when started. For particulars write to the World Medical Electric Company, Temple Chambers, London, E.C. ••••• .• .• •• • • S 1,171,0.'0,104;r : • Ittlirrii: ex '44 i' • -IL '75490 • . • 7 • • 111Xili$ -.. - 4 . a unr Incliel e. 3 ticyn. ;fit Tkn.Dol4. ' .., -., it:', • : :tvonAutcA re-nie . Tot 14 eactatia— , ~-, 4/' s, i 'Billitlail:VErll4l2llZlAT-11... ~, -.0 /,';;044 ,CO-3rlAlkin.Qo, Tax") im. rfa 43 ack -cri rz ~ /1 .9f .5 act Jpg.6s • ./14601.11.ig Roan !c Tto , . . & rtll4 sole Agent. J. H. WRSTON, enEmun..RUNCORN, J. STRINGFELLOW, UT. HELENS.

POLISHING--A PLEASURE WILL Wri'LJJTUE Uti t.) CIA FINGER EAVL MARK. - - . • ' = t,,,irro • • 1,04.' • W7'.!:1:441.1!• *',77llcy7W Sold by Chemists. Grocers, and ironmongers. Bole Proprietors,STEPHENSoN BROS.. BRADFORD.

SPECIAL ATTENTION paid to Neatness and Elegance in PIIOSPEOT US LiS, PROGRAMMRS, I,OOKBINDING EXAMINER OFFICE. WA tIRINCTON.

)NrEantßedOtXo eOurß; all LdiAscihnitryUfrßom4tlhePlUT9riLnSarviBOrwgaanre- ,n either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains tithe back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Soldin Boxes Is. 64. each, by all Chemists and Patti.; Medicine Venders throughout the World; or sent toasty address for sixty stamps bythe Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & BORS Lodon.nrwl all the WhGle«ele Houses.

, i -:::f,:".: 'i.';,•---,'. ' .:,; ~, - ":,:.,'•*- 1,, - WATS' 01,10$?.\\,‘ •PA. • ..1:7.111 1^ .• . / jiajr ‘1 i Best. so? iP4AI,:o -c 1,1. ' . a. co LD WAIT FCP f-Ji 12,1 its v. .. , . b 0 cO-.e..1 ,t ....._ %.,- Best o"f . it&AVA-1. Ny' f.;,it,:;,t.,,,,,,„%1,-A,, , - • 60F T WATER • ' SOLD BY ALL GROCERS & CO-OPERATIVE .STORES. i FOR CIEML/NESS USE ONLY BL AI% ' NixEy's .4.44,Duk‘ii e D,siAfft-ns re rivh-eaffeiv. 4:Z" LEA

THE JOHN NOBLE . Half-Guinea COSTUMES Three New Smart Designs, all one Price. • Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers in the world. Over 1,000 Well-Paid Workers employed in John Noble's own Fac- tories, under the strictest conditions of Sanitation and Cleanliness. ti JOIEN NOBLE, Ltd., are the Originators and Act- ual Manufacturers of the Half-Guinea Costumes for . 74„.---74,0 ' ~,:.----4-7, • . Ladies, and Strongly Caution the Public against the many unscrupulous Imitations that have been made of the ,1,/,,,,r present and other designs. Each Garment is guaranteed scientifically cut, ~,...: beautifully finished, and absolutely with- ,--,-- /./t. e out an equal in the World for Stylish Appearance, Durability, and Actual 0 7.".--,'', Money Value. .;,---..„,-4. . .-_,:,----%--*-5..., Two Gold Medals Awarded. ,?.----•.:--,4 17.7.2147 These Costumes are made from the John Noble Cheviot - -----",') a Serge in three designs as follows : -- Model 474, as Illustration.-Exceedingly smart mode, wide _-,."----- ----*?'" Godet skirt with belt, also very neat bodice with saddle back, full front and broad box pleat down centre, trimmed bold silk cord and three large _,..7.---:1-5.,.. --.' ~.<> ~.... buttons; collar and cuffs finished silk cord; saddle and sleeves lined. r:,:lr:" Model 375.—Improved tailor-made Norfolk mode full wide plain Godet Skirt, and skilfully cut bodice with three perfect box pleats back and front and detachable belt; saddle and sleeves lined. Model 376.—Consisting of New Godet Skirt, trimmed round hem with bold silk cord; also smart bodice with pointed saddle back, trimmed cuffs, collar and saddle to match skirt Each Costume supplied complete for 1016, packed in box and sent carriage paid for gd. extra. When ordering, please be careful to state Model No. of Design required. Sizes in Stock fit any figure up to 38 ins, round bust under arms; larger sizes, 1,6 extra. , Wl..t. Mart only of any ot above Costumes supplied for 5/6, carriage 6d. extra. 1114 "S'tZr THE JOHN NOBLE ir KNOCKABOUT FROCKS FOR GIRLS I 1 Sale. Aeire tidispuFtablz th is e most thoroughly value ever oflered for Public FROM madeln fiunnt shleejr,oeshant Noblee 1 1 cheviot Serge, with saCoAre.'i'oepll, 0 ' and allows plenty of freedom for the limbs. Please consider these . •g' prices •.- 41 - ik Lengths 21 24 27 30 33 36 39 42 45 inches. Postage 4%d. • Prices 1/6 at- 216 3/- 36 41-416 SI- 516 each. extra. Every purchaser I It' delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in ile front. It COLOURS: Any of the above garments can be supplied in Black, Navy, Brown, Myrtle, Bronze-Green, Electric Blue, Ruby, Dark Cinnamon, ', 1',.. Fawn, or Grey. , , A t. '-: ' ''' The JOHN NOpLE CHEVIOT SERGE Inmewntliich the above gar- ares made is of a fabric of world-wide ame and durability, measuring 52 ins. wide. The full 7/6 .., Dress Length of six Yards can be supplied for 7/6. Colours as above. "THE BOOK OF THE SERGE," also PATTERNS and FASHION SHEETS of other up-to-date Costumes, &c., scut Post Free on application. Please mention this paper when ordering. JOHN NOBLE Ltd., The Warehouse, MANCHESTER.

frfORIAL• p .‘Ol The Pictorial Tuto N OFOR T E rr UTOR Descriptive Prospectus p..ii NET p 250 PAGES (Full Music Size it Ili- m 0 t re- POST Contain.; 70 Illustrations and over zso Songs markable Sc cheap- -s. being published at Nett sent Post Free on application Dances Carols. Anthems - Pi ice, it cannot be obtain dOf cr '•Magazinii of Music," Office, est hook ever publish,id. FREE and Hymn Tunes. •any book or musicseller under 5s 20; Ludgate Hill, London. WO. The Pianoforte simplified.

A GOOD FAJLY • ED CI E C; E. ST3 W ITII a, prudent use, hsa as ve-1 many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. -Take come good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal Stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. COC K E 3 s FREE FROM MERCURY. ;it NT/ iLious OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. IL ". St For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, B,:c.

1!: 11 !.. _ ,ofirir 1 : 1 4 -1 ' 't" . , •:, ' 4 5 , PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &o. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for , CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &e.

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN IRISH HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed aH Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen, IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. TRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen- made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9. and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, aid. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH L (NEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS/ FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, and Style. Please say If for Ladies or Gents Wear. IRISH L INEN PATTERNS FREE BY PETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. Ri. HUTTON & CO.. LARNE; IRELAND.

'FOR RHEUMATISM. LUMBACO:STIFFNESS.,. ~ ~., 1 . 4 • / . 4 /—' , AL.: ._-7----,e4 4 p. ,AN \' . -: /.y 6 Ex C E L LE I .i/// ' ;14, CooD THING ./ -; -...:i ,0' k ~..ots er ;---,,,-••/ • - s _.+,,,,,•- , ."1.,„, ,• • • ,...... i ff, • •-• --irl'• •••-.4:Orr ----. # ,__:,,z, •.. •rit, -„,,k, I i L rh KT% < ' 0 \ ~, s- ( A 74, ~ 7,*(1 7 l'ir.-:-/:/1;7"r ‘...::....=r-. /4 .:: .1,14% k!. i,- —• 1.0 -1,4;:o• i , ,v.,..... _. 1 t . . - "' - a / -,..._ -,•'-i-iW-- :-:, _, ~ ' - ty/ '-'.._.7 •- - .. .. ' -- ' - - - , ' .-> .-. - al. EN . • . / ........74. • ..e*V Oil/ • 11184 C ... } % 1 7,...5,.! •i,, 3' '• ;A i .i . . • '''• I • .. .''. . 1' • T,LE_NCLAND - -4.. -,. `. SIOTIGR. - - .;- -\ -: '. ••, _ ... ___,_,... ~,,i ...tkri.:v,':--••• 4.- rELLIM AN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION.)

- . - 0 _. . .. ri '° ill): . . , . i ... # ..:., . . mit .-..-- , -----4. i ~ ro - . (_........;__ rtfr r-- alr 001' 011 c A; ,7,14, ',,, --• ' , -4/..liaal, " ji‘ • >1)/ ;7! ~ V fr' r ''''' 'if ••• ''' , ' ''' .;.:-.) ,---;---,;..-P,f .-:-.z. rii I.\ ,i' , : // / ,;•'"' , '.„, ..-,-,--7-•;,...,,,_ ~..:1-...- '.f.i''' ,/ ;21.: .4,-:- 11(' . 1 - k 2.,.% tp ~ I ( • .', 7 , a...),,,.. ~,, 1 : d A STARTLING PRODUCTION: An entirely new watch; selling • •-.: , •,, in thousands. Compact dust tight cases of a special metal prepared Z1i...). : 1 5.,: in resemblance of REAL SILVER; Looks as well as most watches --1 'i . ' - . charged at .1.:5 in retail shops. Ones to the fifth of a second. , \ \ , k_ , , 4 1 lt, , : on i announcement,r eDeliveredreceipt complete,of 108,,d. mekTwtoeci uy, world ineraen. (Id. foila,.t e Instructions,three-quarter plate. Accuratelyh y next tiptotsetd, C- ' '4 , ,\ ' \ a HANDSOME ,itdrpleetr6ufAer, cLngtßae ndEatnßii efaTs satisfactory.dissatisfied.ußcefi Success! sllfi i a a. si''''Aneill ‘cn,liduug thisEdh Lledi. -,) \\ ' C 4 Strong Solid Sterling Silver Cases (stamped), , \\:,.....i T., L, ‘,.:L.,_i;fic.:iFEeißbicNiEt7o:,:i., ds,NueusE::::.h:lxve:::A...dceiontadgveEectirma,e,upesl.nyvlstthaAt, r—,,,., ~.;;,,, - ''''3...." of extra weight. Lady's richly engraved and dial elegantly tinted or plain. \\,.. ti‘.., - 4,f! -.`"---' Forwarded free by post, registered, with key, full instructions, and five years' l'l/4 'ik ' s warranty Worth 3 guineas. H. SAMUEL'S PRICE 25/-. A handsome Free ki,, .ei tr, I * Tll77,7luded. Magnificent and Perfect? H. Saatuat'S WORLD-FAMED 1 k a ).4 to k ..r.:3, :iv. , EcaNCseLslSHHalf..mEVatEkßed;.JECWryEsLtaLlEgl;aßCsh. Chronometer / NBTalEaDn"fOßmas ssyivEoASßoslld Worth Silver ,‘ ,ir,‘ jii, " 4.., aanmcoi returnedualresat o if a m dissatisfied.ue ltod a y Largest. and r receive, ei n the woof r I all CSendost your name elintl ( a guineas. H. Samuel's Price £2 12 6. A month's tree trial allowed. Full jv i :en tdespatchedto thousands. Opens direct eomnaunication Wrlid s Watch supply. UNPARALLELED HANDSOME BONUS PRIZE FREE for every purchaser. \,,,--• '...fai:l23°,o2llMssedH..;4l246N%agalfGo47. presentation, described2r jon a beautiful fil '11171,t4 VALUE!9 oi tIII:mtle, e, now being abte ' Illustrations. All brilliant, new, and perfect. Alarurn Clocks mai ked in most shops 5/6 to 5/6; IL Samuel's price 2,8. Lever Timepieces usually sold in shops at 3;3; 11. Samuel's pric.: I 3. Certain of H. Samuel's watches contain special patented improvements, protected by Her Majesty's Royal Letters Patent, and only to be obtained in these grand watches. No increase of price. Watches at 7/.; Alberts 1.-; Brooches I/-; 'lnes 1/..; die., &c. Also , 1 eaputs 36 ; Cruets 2/6. Knives and Forks at Astounding Reductions. Shrewd, intelligent 1 buyers have bought for years from H. Samuel at their own fireside, by means of H. Samuel's interesting pamphlets. 11. Samuel's SPLENDID SUCCESS has caused hundreds of worthless shams to be thrust On the market. H. Samuel's Watches aro always reliable I Always valuable! Always satisfactory! REFUSE ALL IMITATIONS-and send direciTio 11. Sisinuel-, enclosing this announcement from tile , , H. SAMUEL, Largest English Watch Manufacturer, 97, 99, 101, 33, 89, & 121, MARKET STREET, MANCHESTER.

CH RISTM AS SHOW. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. BASN ETT-STR E ET, LIVERPOOL, Are now holding T HEIR .1. NNUAL SHOW OF USEFUL AND ARTISTIC NOVELTIES for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFT 3. The Collection includes the NEWEST AND BEST PRODUCTIONS of the ENGLISH AND CONTINENTAL MANUFACTURERS Fancy Goods ot all descriptions, JEWELLERY, FANS, REAL SILVER ARTICLES. CHOICE CHINA, BRASS GOODS, LEACHER WARE ... LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. GLOVES, An. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., B SNETT-STR EET, LIVERPOOL.

OR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATr I)ENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEE'PH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each atient informed beforehand the cost fO7 work required TEETH. Gold and other filling-3 at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extractioniit as h rous j lthceito by the to f e. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Brom of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY RUM) MANCHESTER, 40, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 2.1, CITURCH-STRE-"' ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MO° WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANICSVSD RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-82. NORTH WICEL on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLanceraraVar`

rm. LADIES! A WORT) WITH YOU PLEASE.— Ind GRUNDY'S FEMALE PILLS, composed a Pennyroyal, by a Secret Process known only to taeipe_ Pro_atr, or, bare never failed in prodneing the desired au°' ”slols Owing to the great de.daad, the public are cautioned 0 to a some spurtou4 imitations Thege Flits are invaluable,,res, Females who may suffer from any Irregul triLies, Pala Weakness Anemia, Loss of Appetite, 'Lowness oI havef Spiri• Price per Box, 710.,18. lid., 2s. 9d. and 48.6 d. I erFo° pointed Me. J WOODEND, ClieMiSt, 22, Fitt' -st. other ,Sole Agentf or Cireat Britain and the Colonies. Norle genuine. sw
