===== 0002601_18980325_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980325_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
I

1 ~,„ ..,„: „„ ~.... : , ik.,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
gitipping

/I FRANCIS j. DELL, atIZIB DECORATOR. AUTHOEIZED PLUMBRIL GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always in Stock. 31:/1 SANIIEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
1111111 _ 41, Otte kw- \ x jer min

No. 989.

ONH PENNY

VIOLIINS, BOWS AND CASES.

MANDOLIXES,

STRINtiS, of the Pinest Quality. -

Orb ibton Aber i 5 =um.

MKEICI-1 25, 1898.

Dr posT IS. 730 petelukrter„ 6.5. 6d. per annum. ls. per Quarter credit.

Exors, of the late

f

FOS FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE'

DENTISTRY.

' TEETH, Appointment. unnecessary blet Can be arranged. TEETH All consultations f sq.,. TEETH. Rath patient Informed beforetuuad the oat for work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An N.D., also lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Rxtraetlen as hitherto by the aid et Nitrone Oxide, TEETH. Maker to Denti ste of WOW gallons weekly.

J. H. P ARKINSON

(DErrrea, BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET

(NIT. Tin.. No. 1860), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STR E ET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET

EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MAPS WARRINGTON, oa WEDNESDAYS, 3, SINKET.sT RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BarBGB-sr, NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS,IB, APPLICK&REBT4IT

`f •• •

===== 0002601_18980325_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
• CROSBY & WALKER' LIMITED MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

;

C. and W.'s GREAT SPRING SIIOW. Space will not allow us te enumerate the beentifol cellection of Dress Fabrics, Silks, Velvets, Blouses, Shirts and Lace floods which our buyers have procured for this season ; therefore we invite you to inspect our stock before purchasing.

DRESS FABRICS.

All-wool Double Width CORDUROYS, all colours.

Yard.

6id to 2s Ilid. All-wool Double Width BENGALINE, all solours, la 6.1c1 to 2s Dad. New Mixture COATINGS, for coats and skirts Is to 3s Did. Silk and Wool MIXTURES, new colourings, is Hid to 3 llid Black Striped CREPONS, new stripes ls to 3s ltd. Black Broche CREPONS, Pry rich Is lid to 5s ltd. Black Figured ALPACAS. hest desigas bid to 3s 6a. Black Figured SATIN CLOTH, very durable Is to 3s 6d.

SILKS. SILKS. New Check Blouse :.-ilic, 18 colourings leld yard. Coloured Satins in every conceivable Shade 13 Old yard. Fancy Striped Blouse illes, 22 lolouringe le 4ivd yard. Broche Silks. for Dress Trinamings,Blousas, Le le llid yard. Black Merveilleux Silks for Blousee.Bo ls 4 d yard. Black Broths Silk, grand.make and deeign le 6ild yard. Guaranteed Black Drees Silk, very rich 2a llid yard. Grand Range of Black Broche Silks ...23 llid to?. lid yard.

COSTUMES. COSTUMES. Our Noted " C. and W." COAT AND ISKIIa 12 lid. The "C. and W." COSTUME is made In black aud all colours, and is the smartest shape and best value offered for this season. COAT and SKIRT COSTUMES, In plain and fancy cloths, braided and in Tweeds. from 15s 114 to guineas.

1

I

I

I

I

===== 0002601_18980325_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
MANTLES. CAfEJ,

We have received a large consignment of ICch Gapes, Mantles, tic., in beautiful design and richly tammed, by German. French, and liaglish makers. Cloth Capes, all colours and trimmed to aid,ss lid and 61111.. Black Velvet Capes, trimmed jet and lace,

5s 11d, 8s 11d, 158 11d. German Sample Applique Capes in the richest designs, in cloth and silk from 21s to 8 guineas.

LADIES SHIRTS anti BLOUSBS. Grand Assortment of Ladies' Shirts, tn all colours and in the newest materials (detachable collar and cuffs) ls Ilfd, to 5s 11d. Blouses in every class of material and design-2o llid to 21s.

BEITTERICK PUBLIST-lING CO., LIMITED.—We keep a full stock of the PAPER PATTERNS published by the above Company, at their Agents.

FUNERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY.

CROSBY & WALKrR, LIMMCD, 82, 84, 86, and 88. OLDHAM-STRBBT, MANCHESTER.

THE BELFAta OUSE. • JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED» B to inform their former patrons and the PIM- A) Bo generally that they are showing in their , NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE Ia 76, 130LD STREET, LIVERPOOL. a large Assortment of tbeir celebrated HAND WOVEN pamesx TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS.,PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC Poclog HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GRIVTLSMBISS. SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIBb' AND CHILDREN-f UNDERCLOTHIL of their own manufacture all f which they will SELL at

BONA-FIDE AIANUFACTURERS' PRICES • ALL ARM IRVITHD to CALL sold INSPECT. noone importuned to BUT. LA D ES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LAW' !MI, EOM, STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSEIRE Home, BazrAer. 105, linen STREET, GLASGOW, 63, NEw STRErr, BIRMINGSANt. HARRY% ILLS FAcroar, BALLYAnaLF:.

PARR Y 'S GREAT ECENITURE SALE Catalogue now reedy, pest free on application to 20, DowNiNo-sTanur. LONDON-ROAD, Id &NCR RSTER MI Belle Vue trams pus the door. Solid flak Dresser, 11 drawers, glass luedles 2l 1 Mahogany obi, Gent's and 1 ady's Buy and 4 Small Chairs • 2lb Stuff-beck .....„--- Dining-room Suite saddlebags, gun'', nef.r 6 S Solid Rosewood Drawing-room Suite os9 Pima, in hair . ............. .............. . .................. . .................. 4 Solid Wal ..... Dining-room Suite of • l'af".• real morocco . .... ......................... stands, iiedgbas and marble slab, 61t. Extending Dining Table, with patent 5crew......... Large Mahogany Watarobe, with bevelled plate centre d0er..... .................... - ..... --- ................... ..„ Pair of Mahogany ... ..,.. 4ft. Enclosed Virathatand and Dressing Table ~ with swing glass. 51t.. 2-door Wardrobe, three chars and rail, the lot ...... .....................ggi. ............. , Is Handoorne Burr Walnut Bedroom &Atte, Opet . ...... 270 0 Black and Brass gull-shied Bedlitead and Maltreat comp'ete. —.. . Chippendale Drawing-room buite. recovered In finest eilk . . ........................... ... ....................... .. . ,_, 12 lY' Several Chippendale Cabinets ... .. .. ~ 25 1:0S., 28 10 7 le Oldlashioned 61t. Sideboard, with 3-tier b0ek........, ... 11 1.6 6f t. Prosier. Sycamore top, 7 drawers and cupboard-, 1 1 Handsome Chippendale Secretairs. with brass bandies 3S. Lugo Quantity 01 011 Paintings, Bronzes aitit altaliki- Carpets, etc.

4 10

3 l. 1

4 la

Vrti• '• •.-

It'

===== 0002601_18980325_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS USE Afi flyrn,A N-. 11 r3.Q114%.3 PATBET SELF-RAISING FLOUR. IT IS THE 13EST.rn EXAMINER, FRIDAY MARCH 25, 1898

( VoPYright ) shrinking before his steadfast gaze. "Because I believe you know in whose possession THE WHEEL OF FATE. that cheque of mine remained all those years. Can you not understand that if you tell me the name of that persettlon willthe giving me ne By MRS BAGOT HARTZ, imports:a clue tO discovering the real criminal ? . ' If you Ale not answer this question of mine "—lat. Author of "Love s Revenge " "Bianca," The stopped-, 'then added in a low, husky voice—,"l ',. ,It Silver Lining," ao., Sm. i• ito t .. I shall think that you wish to ' screen him—iiiiii covering

"I cannot!" she sobbed, her hands. "I insist on knowing the truth." He spokr- peremptorily. His determination not to appear harsh was slowly ebbing away under provocation. "Tell me if by confessing what you know of the matter you would implicate your father? " There was no answer. Grace leant back. sobbing in a hopeless, despondent manner. "Did he forge it ? " Sharply, almost fiercely, Dennis asked the question. "No! he did not forge it. I 'know he did not." "But you know who did?" He spoke with con- viction and growing bitterness. "I cannot say. Oh! spare me t"' she cried, throwing herself at his feet and clasping his knees. He made no reply, but looked with mingled Indignation and pity on her crouching form. For many minutes anger and compassion contended in his mind for supremacy. Then he said, speaking with a shade of gentleness : "How can I—a'mail of honour—act such a dishonourable part as to allow an absolutely innocent girl to be condemned as a forger, when I know that my wife possesses evidence that will acquit her? Surely, Grace, yo,. cannot be in fear of those miscreants who fre- quented your father's house, now that you are my wife. Why are you afraid of speaking the truth bravely? If the confession involves you in-dis- grace, I promise to stand by you and protect... you. You need not think that I shall leave you to• face the consequences alone. lam no coward, and—" But that sentence was never finished. The arms that clasped his knees had been gradually relaxina their hold. Grace sank to the floor in a deep swoon. An instant later Dennis was kneeling by her side, trying vainly to recall her consciousness. Man-like, he was hopelessly ignorant how to act in the matter. He tried vainly to recall what be had seen others do under similar circumstances. He chafed her hands and fanned her. But five minutes, then ten minutes passed, yet Grace lay with statuesque immobility, scarcely breathing, so it seemed to Dennis. Nameless fears came surging into his mind; and springing to his feet lie hastened upstairs and roused the maids. His hurried explanation that their mistress was ill, had fainted, caused them to descend in the shortest possible time. The doctor was quickly summoned, and Grace was carried upstairs just as consciousness was returning. Then followed long hours of suspense, as she lay hovering between life and death. In a vortex of misery end self-accusation Dennis paced the dining-room. The terrible fear that his wife would not survive, and that for her death he would be practically responsible, was never for an instant absent from his mind during those dreary hours of suspense.

CHAPTER XX. Twelve o'clock was striking as Dennis and Eric quitted the Trehernes' house and sauntered slowly along the street. Neither appeared inclined to talk; both walked in a preoccupied, measured manner, as if anxious that physical movement should not disturb the train of their thoughts. A nameless fear that Grace was in some way connected with the forgery, and dared not confess it, had taken possession of Dennis's mind. All through the long interview with Mr. Treherne this possibility had run parallel, so to speak, with the discussion as to the ways and means by which Mr. Treherne trusted Gwendoline's innocence might be proved. Eric's thoughts had taken somewhat the same course. As we know, he had suspected for some time that the forgery would be traced home to Ji the Tewsers; but Troup was the only man .o whom he had divulged these suspicims. Indeed, he had studiously avoided discussing a subject which, until this day, had in no way con- cerned himself. Now that his sister-in-law, for whom he had a genuine brotherly affection, stood accused of the crime he regarded the matter from a totally different point of view. He felt that he could no longer conceal from Dennis his belief that the Tewsers were implicated in the forgery, and that Mrs. Vane could probably throw some light on the subject. As he sauntered along by Dennis's side, thinking how he could best open the subject, he imme- diately realised the painfulness of the situation. "I suppose there's no use in dwelling on matters any longer to-night," observed Dennis, after a prolonged silent cogitation, bringing himself slowly to a standstill. "We shall know more to-morrow, and have a wider basis for our arguments." "Yes; we shall know more by this time to- morrow," concurred Eric. "But I say, Vane--" he added quickly—then stopped abruptly. "Yes; what were you going to say ? " "I scarcely like to tell you—but—hang it, old ' man, we have been friends for so long that I ought not to hesitate before telling you any mortal thing. Somehow, though, I feel as if I should like to shirk putting into words what is in my mind now. You'll take whatever I say in good part—l know that." Yes; especially if you won't beat about the bush. I like a fellow to speak out openly. It seems to me that there is too much reticence abroad. What is it you want to say ? " "It is this. Do you not think that perhaps your wife could assist us in unearthing the true criminal ?" Dennis shuddered and looked away from his friend. It was a glorious summer's night. Long after he remembered noticing how brightly the stars- were shining. "It is a curious fact," continued Eric, after a pause, and with growing composure, "and one that must not be lost sight of during the trial, that that cheque must have been extracted from a book you had when you were living with the Tewsers. I hope I'm not too outspoken; but you know I am the last man to willingly refer to unpleasant facts and—" "I know that," interrupted the other, "and all I ask is that you will speak up openly, and have no qualms about hurting my feelings. I know you're the last man to enjoy raking up painful details." "And listening to idle slander," added Hume. "But the knowledge that your father-in-law was not a reliable character has been forced upon me. Probably some of his associates were many degrees less reliable—men quite capable of committing forgery. Now, if we could obtain the names of a few of them, or gain information as to their ?resent confreres—without bringing your wife for- ward as a witness or implicating her in any way— the results might be satisfactory. I am only giving you a hint on the matter. The working of it out must lie in your own hands." "Yes I understand," murmured Dennis. "I will speak to my wife without delay. You can rely on my acting for the best. Good-night." Saying this, he left his friend abruptly. As he walked quietly home through the com- paratively quiet streets, the fact that the cool night air was refreshing and invigorating dawned upon him. Just then his thoughts wandered to Gwendoline, who, confined in a close, hot cell, must be suffering tortures, both mentally and physically. The hard bed, the loathsome ugliness of her surroundings—how distressful all this must be to one of her refined and artistic nature. Think- ing thus of her, he unconsciously quickened his pace. As he approached his home he saw that the lights were still burning in the drawing-room. He knew at once that Grace was sitting up for him. Latterly he had noticed that she was striving hard to endear herself to him, and was making one final effort to secure his love before their child was born. He thought of her with pathetic interest— but not love. For numerous reasons he regretted having to reopen that long-closed chapter of her life, which was so full of sadness. She was undisguisedly pleased to see him—so pleased, indeed, that feelings of compunction arose in his m•nd at the task he had undertaken. "You have sat up too late, Grace," he said, noticing she looked pale and tired. "I thought you would not mind it," she answered, almost shyly. "I have scarcely seen you all day." "Oh, no. I am very glad you sat up—YeTy glad. Especially as there is a matter I must talk over with you." "Yee ? " she answered interrogatively, pleased that he should think of consulting her. "I have heard some astonishing and unpleasant news to-day. I should have liked to put off mentioning it to you, but cannot." "What is it about ? " She looked down, and her fingers played nervously with the lace of her dress. "You have often heard me mention the Tre- heroes. Hume is engaged to the second daughter." "You mean the people that you met at Les Avants and that Aunt Hughes did not like." "Say, rather, against whom she MU/ 11101 t unfairly prejudiced. " "But what has happened to them ? " "The eldest girl, whose picture at the Royal Academy is the talk of London, has been arrested for uttering that cheque for fifty pounds to which my signature was forged." "How dreadful! " she stammered, turning ghastly pale. is dreadful. But you must not let the wws upset you so much. Her extreme pallor - frightened him. "Take matters more complac- ently," he added in a reassuring voice, though speaking earnestly. "It is greatly against my inclination to trouble you just now, but unfortu- nately there is no option in the matter." He paused, and, anxiously scanning her face, noted the effect of his last words. But no infor- mation could he glean therefrom. Hers was not the face of a woman capable of committing a crime, or of acting in a manner which demanded unscrupulous conduct. It was essentially a pure, though weak face. Not only in appearance but in character did she resemble her mother, who had died ten years before of a broken heart. As Dennis glanced critically at his wife he blamed himself for entertaining fears that she had forged the cheque. Moreover, the complete absence of defiance in her manner negatived all idea that she could be the criminal. Her gentle, helplessness exercised a curious spell over him. He felt disarmed. "Promise me, Grace, that you will not allow yourself to be over-excited or worried at the ques- tions I want to ask you? " He placed his hand on her shoulder. "Yes, I promise," she answered, trying to speak more firmly. "As to this forged cheque, it is evident to me that the book from which it was taken must have been in my possession when I lived with your leople ; so I want you to tell me the names of the irlen who frequented your father's house at that

worse."

her face with.,

"It is difficult—.l cannot remember," she mur- mured, looking away. His brows contracted, and a stern expression stole over his face as he continued: "I am afraid that amongst your father's friends were men of a discreditable type—men who uould not shrink from committing forgery. By telling us their names we ru;ght succeed in unearthing the true criminal. Miss Treherne is innocent; and, believing that you can assist in proving her innocence, it would be most dishonourable of me not to try and extract information from yon. Who had access to my rooms—tell me, Grace ? " "I—l—oh ! why do 9013 ask me ? " she faltered.

' 14‘:- • •

===== 0002601_18980325_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPPER.

ITAi,''

Cambridge University has just had a remarkable proof ui the mathematical genius of the Chinese. Some time ago much surprise was caused among mathematicians generally by the discovery among the papers of the late Sir Thomas Wade,of Chinese fame, I evidence that in the time of Confucius the Chinese knew an equation which only became known in Europe during the last century,when it was discovered by Fermat, and has since been known as Fermat's equation. But the Chinese ver- sion recently discovered stated that the equation did not hold with regard to certain numbers. This puzzled the mathematicians, and all efforts to solve the point have hitherto failed. Now, however, a young undergraduate of Trinity College,Cambridge, has demonstrated that the Chinese were right, and his s•Jlution is frankly admitted by the experts to be perfect. I understand the resu't is shortly to be published at Cambridge in an authoritative way.

A curious feat of engineering is being carried out in connection with the Church of St. Mary Woolnoth,in the City. As an alternative to the de- struction of the church,it was determined that the new station required by the City and South London Railway Company should be built underneath it. This novel scheme is now being carried out,and the fabric has been underpinned, so far without appar- ent damage. Below it a booking office and other adjuncts of a railway station are in course of con- struction.

The decision of the medical executive to prevent the practice of medicine by the unqualified assist- ant has had an unexpected result in certain dis- tricts. The assistant whom the medical man has 13P,en obliged by the recent ukase of the Medical Council to discharge has in some cases set up an establishment in the immediate neighbourhood where he •bends drugs and instruments, prescribe and dispenses medicines, and even visits patients and attends midwifery cases. Singularly enough,the assistant does not affend against the law unless he pretends to be a registered medical man, and thus no prosecution against him would succeed. Hence it is contended that as a sequel to its decision the MpAical Council should at once seek to strengthen the law to check these practices.

The idea of creating a mammoth Dock Trust for London with a capital of 50 millions gelling, is the outcome of tha two yeare' deliberation which the London Chamber of Commerce has bestowed on the metropolitan dock problem. If the scheme were to take shape it would proceed upon the principle of amalgamating all the dock compauies into one trust, and it will be at once seen that this is a mat- ter of infinite financial complexity, as regards the dock companies themselves and as regards the pub- lic who would be asked to provide the enormous capital required. Some of the dock companies are in favour of the principle for a genetal amalgama- tion, but say it is a shareholders' question. To tbe shipping trade the advantage is supposed to be a substantial reduction in the present burdensome charges. This project, it will be seen, merely sub- stitutes for several private companies one mach larger private company, and it in no respect meets the views of those reformers who aim at muni- eipalieing the docks or converting them into a pub- lic trust. Ido not believe that the promoters of this mammoth scheme will be able to agree with the companies as to the price to be paid for their re- spective interests, even though the stock at present stands at a big discount.

Admiral Boaanquet, emulating the example of Lord Charles Berestord, is turning a longing eye en the domain of " Scallywaggery " as a recruiting ground for the sea. But while Lord Charles thinks only or primarily of the Navy, the other admiral is chiefly concerned with the condition of the mercan- tile marine. Addressing the members of the United Service Institution on Monday, he put in a strong plea for a closer official communication be- tween shipowners, mercantile marine officers, and training and reformatory ships, with a view to in- ducing boys trained in those vessels to enter per- manently on a seafaring life. Admiral Bosanquet points out that in 1896 there were 27,765 foreigners serving on board British vessels, besides 27,911 Lascars. More alarming still is the decrease to which he calls attention in th 3 number of British sailor lads under the age of twenty. From 7,009 lin 1891, the number fell to 4,735 in 1896, and to 1,452 in 1897. Yet, according to a modest estimate, as many as 7,000 boys are required annually to re- place the waste in the seaman and fireman claps of British birth in the mercantile marine. In view of these somewhat startling !statistics Admiral Boman- quet's scheme seems entitled to serious considera- tion.

The Horniman Museum at Forest Hill. belonging to Mr, Ho: niman, the member for Falmouth, is a strange collection, the product e many years hunt- ing about the markets and Old curiosity shops of the world. Mr, Horniman hitherto has been very generous towards the public, as he has thrown his collection open several days a week ever 8111C8 he housed it some years ago in the southern London suburb. Be is now building for it a new house in the same locality, with the view of presenting it to the County Council, along with a park or recreation ground. There will be a free library in the grounds and also a clubhouse and lecture hall. The park will not be laid out as gardens, but for the healthful recreation of the masses. The fame of the mu,leum has long gone abroad among the people, as sinco Mr: Horniman threw the doors open it has been visited by half a million of sightseer-. No doubt the County Council will gratefully accept so hand- some a gift.

In the debate on education in the House of Com- mons on Tuesday Mr. Sydney Buxton incidentally propounded a startling heresy. "Why waste time," be &mended, "in drumming English grammar into

136VRIL IN THE KITCHEN. BOVRIL-imparts the delicious flavour oz FRESH MEAT to even the most tasteless dish and shoul always be used for Flavouring andEnringe i Soups, Gravies, Hashes, and Made Dishes.

BOVRIL

- FOR - INVALIDS

Convalescents.

FOR LUNCH

the heads of children?" Members looked puzzled. A minute later they looked uneasy, for Mr. Buxton went on to allude, apparently with no intention of making himself disagreeable,to the happy superior- ity shown by some of his most distinguished Parlia- mentary colleagues to the trammels of Lindley Murray. "Whut," he passionately repeated, "has grammar ever done for our orators and grPat writers?" Happily, perhaps, tor the peace of Par- liament, Mr. Buxton refrained from condescending to particularise. He had probably said enough to stir the,consoionces of many.

-- Mr. Birrell's allusion at Leicester to the rival Iri.h leaders as men who " sit scowling at one another like third-rate tragedians," expresses neatly enough the kind of impatient feeling which others on the same side of the Douse are watching the later evelopments of Nationalist differences. A con- dderable number of amendments have been tabled si view of the committee stage of the Irish Local inovernmen". Bill. One of the most important stands Gn the name of Mr. Dillion, who desires to see iwomen made eligible for election to the different councils. Mr. Vesey Knox gives notice of several new clauses, the object of which is to form the con- stituencies into councils, with power to construct or take over tramways.canals and other large works. The question of extending to other towns than those already specified in the bill the dignity ot separate County Council functions is raised in var- ious forms. Clonmel, Kilkenny, Wexford, Sligo and Drogheda are among the places mentioned az, suitable additions to the list.

, It. , -,4-.." , t:"c?'',.: l' :left *). - .... •= ', •. , it.-*;.;,, --", ant. 4 • .... ~, dEnrii, ter 4.4 ) `,itsl • "; ' ."" -4, -.... ~ ,G; ~. .... •-- ...,, )N-Zsi"---"'"---. , ; L. 4, -..-.;_. ...- , ...-----„......._ . ..-- isx- i .S ef 350, i .....• 14 .'f . j 7/ 7/1 "---.•••=----. ~,.. - , i .th " m , -... -/'' j- , \ ‘aA , ia 1 lii / . 1 l/ki tiel‘ \ , .. ~.....f..,- ~, .. , ~..... 4 • -4, ...-. •-. l'\, drism... -- ' '-'..4 . •• ~.4,,.„..,,,...,..4........' _.:......... 4 , , I:2IMCM. mom. a. _ . _ . , ~,..,....z.... . •.:, D ffi , ...."N% h\ __... ..t.p.- iy- .: - .4; I ' i . ......."" • ~.< < .•`..,k, • .4-„,-• •, . q < st I \ •. 1 i ''')-1- kr \AI I • \N - \Se ~,,,•- , . . J. if i• 9 \ / '-:".11.".; , e• ."11( • ' '.,,.,.. 4‘a!' 4•..7 ' , ~ / i• 4 -r 1- 0 e A-4 / / . \ ..4V, 114 Z.,..„ ' ‘,.. :_---,••• ....,.. - I ' ' - 4........-I.r. ..f. , ..... :-. ....... I r.25"---, . \ ro, ~ ..*. ":44 , 46,-,.......„.-.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
'. • "..••'::':',2i.;4',::,t'' i..... •••••--..,;:,471ii...:.'

PLEASANT PARAGRAPITS.

AN INQUIRY.—She: "I took my first road ride yesterday. You see I'm still alive." He "I see you are. Did the public also escape?" AN AprzmPT. "How would you define 'ennui?'" "It's when you're tired of doing nothing and too lazy to do something." A PAST MASTER. —Tommy : "Pa, what is a statistician?" Tompkins: "A statistician, my eon, is a man whose business it is to prove that figures can lie." BOBBIE: "Oh, Mr. Highflier, may Igo coasting with you ?" Mr. Highflier : "Why do you want to go coasting with me. Bobbie?" Bobbie: "Cos I heard my papa say you had gone down hill faster than anybody he had ever known." IN CONFIDENCE.—UncIe Bob: "So you were at the head of your class for a week?" Johnny : "Yes. I wish I hadn't done that." Uncle Bob : " Why ?" Johnny: "Because mamma didn't know I could, and now she'll expect me to do it

A RECEIPT FOR SALAD.—The Italians say it requires four men to t.,-,;t lie a salad:

A wise man with the salt, An avaricious man with the , A generous man with the oil, And any fool to mix it.

THE PROPER THING.—HoteI Buttons: "Four hundred and four says the steam pipes have burst in his room." Clerk: "Charge him for a Russian bath."

IT COULDN'T HAVE BEEN. —Stapleton: "Where did you go last night? Calclecott : "Oh, I went to supper at the Van Razzlers'." Stapleton: "Was it a tip-top, fashionable affair? Caldecott : " I guess net. I had a regular square meal."

ONE ON THE HIIMOURIST.—" Ihave brought you a bag of walnuts, thinking you would appreciate a change," said young Mr. Pompon to Snickers, the humourist. "A change?" replied the humourist, thoughtfully. "Yes, a change from chestnuts, you know."

HAD No UsE FOR THEM —Lawyer: "Judging from your replies, you do not seem to have any opinions on any subject." Possible Juror: "No, sir ; I ain't tried to have any opinions of my own for a good many years." " Humph ! How many years?" "Oh, I dunno. Ever since I was married."

FORCE OF DIPLOMACY. —She had removed her hat temporarily merely to adjust one of her orna- ments. " What magnificent silky hair she has !" audibly observed the man in the rear. And she was so pleased that she held her hat in her lap until the fall of the final curtain. Such is the force of diplomacy.

THE FORUNES OF LOVE. —Merritt : "It was your own blame if she fooled you. I warned you that you could believe only half what she said." De Garry : "Well, you can hardly blame me. I just happened to believe the wrong half." THE CAUSE or His WOE. —Mrs. Borders: "Do not feel so badly, Tommy. Your little sister has Passed the critical point in her illness and will now vet well." Tommy Borders (tearfully) : "I know it. And now she will want to eat all the good things the neighbours send in to her every day her- self I"

A GRATEFUL TRAMP. - Tromp: " Thankee kindly, mum. I'd no hope of gittin' sich a fine meal to-day, mum. May heaven bless ye I" Housekeeper: "As you've had a good supper, I think you might weed the garden." "Yes, mum; but you know the old adage, After dinner rest a while, after supper walk a mile.' I'll call the meal supper and walk the mile, mum."

Marrzit-OF.FACT MAN awakened by a burglar at the foot of his bed, pointing a revolver at him. "If you move, said the burglar, "you are a dead man. "I beg your pardon," answered the other; "if I move it will be good proof that I am alive. You should he more careful as to the meaning of your wrir,lq " The fault of this story is that it doe .3 ;lot tell what the burglar did then. Probably he fainted, and remained in the faint until the police came and took him away. BEYOND DOUBT.—Jack Wrappid : "I wish to retain your services in order to contest my father's will, upon the ground that he was insane when it was drawn up. He has left me a paltry monthly allowance, while the estate goes to my brother." Eminent Attorney: "Have you any proof that your parent was of unsound mind when he made his will ?" Jack Wrappid : "Proof? Why the fact that he has left me anything at all will prove that."

WHAT THEY MEAL— When he says: "Oh, my darling! I worship you ! I adore you! I cannot begin to tell you how much I love you. You are more to me than anything in this world. I never lived until I met you. I can never be happy with- out you. Only say you will be mine, and I will be your devoted slave for ever !" It means: That he thinks she is rather a nice girl, and now that he is getting middle-aged, he'd better marry her and settle down. And that he has no doubt they'll rub along pretty well trgether, if she isn't too par- ticular about clubs and "nights off," and doesn't ever want her own way. When she says : " Yes ; Jack, Ido love you—a little bit." It means: That she loves him with all a woman's devotion and constancy. That she would marry him to- morrow, and gladly make any sacrifice for his sake.

anyld Laundre.eas SOY 0 ritAll •< V • TAletrOli. OL.g 1$ nueqt.alled for imparting basing' t mea to starched linen. dc., either cold or boiling Water stssrch. Mr.—. Cure- s si waL• "ye My wife will not finish our linen without your „ Woes,'" From mri.---, if :—Dtar 1 m pleased to info you that 1 nave tried dual) 643-4,4"62, b: Arch Glazes and Polishes. but find nul.ar equai IPO YOUr,•" It st.ould be need La ever, house. bold at 14.. 3,1., and 64., by most starch sellers. It not in 'too* Nil! procure it. T. thuxcaur Blackburn. Proton et or.— el alb*. CoaOtTLINE. -Cement for bro ten !orioles. 64. and is stAge 1,1. doldavory Nhars H.).noa od tibrOad. AdvS. Lnisca.. COMPOUND (Trade Merl:), for vougns and Colds, A d., Id. bold by (Jhemists on ly.—Adet.

T

===== 0002601_18980325_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIGHTHOUSE LIGHT.

LIGHTHOUSE LADY IN DANGER.

, . <4 4 ~,z-5.-4,4-7.)-44

A true and very interesting story was the other day partially disclosed to a reporter of the " Bridgend Chronicle."

Anxious to ascertain, if possible, the facts surround- ing the case, the editor commissioned one of the staff to see the Nash Lighthouse-keeper's wife. Nash Light- house is situated on the rugged rocks of the Bristol Channel. On reaching it the reporter sawn lady, and In a few words unfolded what he had heard, viz., that a Mrs. Evans living there had had a narrow escape. " I am Mrs. Evans," said the lady, " and I have had what might be termed a miraculous escape." Mrs. Evans said that her husband,who is the principal keeper of the lighthouse, was placed there last March, having been removed from Caldy Island,Tenby. " Were you in good health when you came here?" " Well, I was weak, but not what might be called in ill-health. The air is bracing, but it made me ill. I think it is too strong for me. I had only been here a month when I was taken very ill, and my husband had to call in a doctor. I was ill for three months, and at the end of that period I was suddenly taken much worse. The doctor again came, and treated me with very great skill, but he informed my husband that it was of little use sending for him any more." "Your husband was very anxious about you P" " Yes, indeed •, I was suffering from severe indiges- tion, accompanied by a disordered liver." "Row do you account for your recovery then " asked the reporter. "Well, I can attribute it to one thing only. I was almost out of my mind with the severe and exoruoia- tin, pains in my head and racking of my inside result- ing from continuous indlgestion.My tongue was parched and gums swollen, so much so that I could not eat or drink,and if I did manage to eat anything I was racked with pain until it was vomited back. At this period, when I was at my worst,l saw an account in one of the panne of how many people had been cured by Dr. Wil- liams' Pink Pills for Pale Peopie.l sent for sorne.and had only finished the first box when I felt much better. Ere I had taken the second box I was able to get up from my hed,and on continuing to take them, and I am now able to go about my work. I can eat and drink well, si"P, and the racking pains of indigestion have for- saken me." Mrs. Stabbe, the good lady who nursed and was a constant attendant upon Mre. Evans during her illness. convinced the reporter that the ehange was due to Dr, Williams' Pink Pills, because,said she,l noticed a change in her before she had taken the first box. These are the plain unvarnished facts, as recorded to the reporter,and Mts. Evans' husband was firmly convinced that if it bad not been for Dr, Williams' Pink Pills he would not have had his wife to cheer and comfort him through the long weary hours which fall to the lot of a lighthouse keeper. It is not only in eases like that of the Nash Light- house-keerer's wife reported in the Bridgend Chroniela, that Dr.Williarns' Pills have proved themselves valuable. They have cured paralysis, locomotor ataxy,rheumatism and sciatica ; also all diseases arising from impoverish- ment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs, anemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, loss of appetite, palpitations, pains in the back, nervous head- ael'e, early decay, all forms of female weakness and hysteria. These Pills are a tonic, not a purgative, and are sold by chemists and by Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, EC., at 25. Sd. a box, or six for 13s 91. Pills sold loose, or from glass jars ; and those offered with the plain title" Pink Pills" are not Dr. Williams'. Before paving see that the Pink wrapper bears the full name, " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People," or you will obtain a mere substi- tute, which will he quite worthless.

VALUABLE DIsCoVEBT 708 Tit& HAIR.—If your hair h turning grey or white or falling off use the MENICAR HAIR RENEWER, for It will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original Colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we'l as promoting the growth Price 3s. 6d. per bottle.—Advt. . .

CLAEKB'S B 41 PILL 9 are warranted to cure. in either re X, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the ba,k. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 3) years. In boxes 48. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.—. Adet,

CURES OF COUGHS AND COLDS BY DR. LOCOCIC'S PULMONIC WAFERS—Mr. Wilcox. 7, Prospect Row, Birmingham writes: " A customer to-day informed me that he had taken them very frequently during the last four years. and aloe recom- mended them to others, and had never known them to fail... Asthma, Consumption, Bronchitis. Coughs, Colds, Rhea- niati,m, and all Hysterical and Nervols complaints, are in- stantly relieved and rapidly cured by DR. Lococw's WAFERS which taste pleasant!). Sold by all Druggists at is. If 28. SI, 4s, Bd., and I.ls, per box. Beware of counter- Sits. (1)

===== 0002601_18980325_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Y

CHAPTER XXI.

"Grace has a daughter. Can you come ?" Mrs. Hughes read the telegram out loud to her husband with a glow of satisfaction. "Dear girl !" she exclaimed. "Of course I will go at once to her. Dennis did quite right to tele- graph. You must manage without me for a week or two, William."

"I will try to do so, my dear," he assented. "It would be very selfish of me not to spare you at such a moment."

Mrs. Hughes rose from the breakfast-table and rang the bell. She was in a flutter of happiness. Mounting guard over Dennis's young wife, new- born baby, and household generally was a mission after her own heart. She at once assumed to herself the position of grandmother to the new infant, and loved her in anticipation. How often she had longed for a little child of her own, on whom to lavish her powers of maternal love! Dennis's many good qualities had led her to love him dearly. But his worldly proclivities had shocked her on several recent occasions. He had received her much-thought-over advice and care- fully-considered rebukes with provoking calmness; and more than once she had noticed a merry twinkle in his eyes, when pointing out his faults and speaking in a most serious strain. But now that he had sent for her at this critical domestic juncture his shortcomings were at once forgotten, and she instantly began preparing for the journey to London. _ _

Meanwhile, Mr. Hughes had betaken himself to his study. He happened to feel in a mood for writing a sermon' and he was anxious to benefit from the inspiration before it evaporated. He had just indited the first few sentences, when his wife entered in that precipitate manner peculiar to herself.

"I find I must catch the ten-thirty train, and it is nine o'clock already " she exclaimed. "I came to tell you what a hurry I am in. Do, William, take some interest in my going away. There are the wraps to fasten up, and a present of vegetables, and some of our own butter, and a few new-laid eggs to pack." Mr. Hughes thrust his spectacles on his fore- head and looked at his wife with surprise. "I am writing a sermon, Maria, and I wish you would not come in so abruptly. It is so discom- posing. I was just in the middle of the opening sentence, and, as you know, so much depends on the first few sentences. Captain Cartwright rarely falls asleep when I am the if I succeed in gaining his attention at the beginning." Mrs. Hughes listened mechanically, without making any effort to comprehend what was being said. It was the wrong moment to hope to interest her in the opening sentences of a sermon. "Imagine our dear Dennis being a'father " she exclaimed in a delighted voice. "How he will dote on his little daughter !" "Can you approximate the time that you will be absent from home? " asked her husband.

"It will be three or four weeks at the least— until Grace is strong enough to come back with me for change. I have such a great deal to explain to you before I leave. Do put away that sermon and listen to what I have to say. I so rarely ask you to listen to anything. Come upstairs; I must begin packing at once." Mr. Hughes closed his desk, then uttered an audible sigh, as he rose and submissively followed his wife.

"I will tell you first about the Mothers' Meetings," she began, the moment she had reached her room. "You must arrange particularly for someone with tact to take them. Ask Miss Slycombe or Mrs. Griffiths to do so; if neither of them can, then write to Clara and ask her to come for the day and take the first. If she says no—" Mrs. Hughes stopped, and held up her best silk mantle and looked at it critically. Her thoughts were divided between its claims to being considered fashionable and a suitable person to "take " the mothers' meetings. "I could ask Miss Drew," said Mr. Hughes. "Miss Drew I " exclaimed his wife in astonish- ment. "Certainly not She does not believe in the Devil!"

"But, my dear, she would scarcely think it necessary to tell the mothers so." "She might, or she might not. But that does not alter the matter. It would be most foolish of you to place anyone in such a responsible position who does not believe in the Devil. If you take away he Devil, what will become of religion, William? ' "It is a difficult question to answer, Maria; one that neither you nor I need discuss at the present moment."

• "The meetings had better not take place if you cannot find a more orthodox person than Miss Drew. If you once allow her to have a voice in parochial management, your influence will be irre- trievably undermined." Then suddenly changing her tone to one of intense preoccupation, and regarding her mantle with renewed interest, she added: "I wonder if it could be raised on the shoulders." "What raised on the shoulders ? " asked her husband. "I was only talking about my mantle. But it is of no use my explaining these matters to you. You would not understand." "I like to see you in that mantle," he answered. "It reminds me of one my dear mother used to wear." "Oh i " It was clear by the manner in which Mrs. Hughes uttered the monosyllable that her husband's kindly-intended remark was not appreciated. "Don't forget," she continued with returning animation, "that Jemima, the black hen, is sitting on the gannet's eggs; and that the apples in the left-hand corner of the upper shelf in the store cupboard must be used up first; and —whatever you do—do not let John have the key of the beer-cellar. I shall never forget the dis- gracefal condition in which we found him on the deat the hay was carried. That reminds me of

! 174( am col the

something else. Don't let him neglect the seven little pigs that were born last week. "My dear, do not make my responsibilities heavier than I can bear. You seem to forget I have two sermons to prepare- for each Sunday." "it cannot take you six days to write two scr- ions. - iYoui must also keep • a sharp eye on Jme Suian. Be sure and do not let them have impany inAhe.kitehen. Suaan has two lovers at as present•mornenk, and she, tells me that she is jiironbled in her mind '-which to choose as a husband. I hope you will remember to pay sur- prise viaita-at the workhouse. It is the only way to find out if the inmates, especially the children, are properly treated." Bft. Hughes sighed. "I wish," said he, "that Dennis and his wife did not live so far away. Give them both my love and best, congratulations. How quickly you pack, Maria; I never saw any- one's hands move so nimbly as yours. You'll be able to catch the ten-thirty train quite easily." "Yes. But it is unfortunate that I have to leave so suddenly. Of course, I shall be quite prepared to find everything at sixes and sevens on my return." She spoke quite cheerfully, as if the fact of her presence at the Vicarage having the effect of main- taining order in the neighbourhood, generally, was a matter that no one could dispute, and which caused her peculiar satisfaction. To believe her- self a power in the land was her greatest pleasure in life.

A few minutes later the Vicarage carriage—an antiquated vehicle of curious build—was driven to the door by the much-suspected and occasionally erring John. Mrs. Hughes was waiting in the porch, rattling off final directions to the cook relative to preserving strawberries. Just then Mr. Hughes appeared, watch in hand, saying that there was no time to waste. No second reminder was required to induce his wife to take her place in the carriage. He immediately followed, and taking up the reins, gave them a shake, which Polly, the cob, had long ago learnt to recognise as a signal to start.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXII.

"Your wife must not hear any news of an exciting nature during the next few weeks, Mr. Vane," said Dr. Bolton, speaking authoritatively. "I am sorry to find that something is distressing her, which appears to have happened recently. Probably you know what it is, and I must ask you to do all you can to quiet her mind on the subject." "You may rely upon my doing so," was the answer.

"There is nothing in your wife's condition to cause anxiety at the present moment," continued the doctor reassuringly, noticing that Dennis looked harassed. "But it is absolutely necessary that you conceal from her all news of an unpleasant nature. Good-day." Dennis watched Dr. Bolton drive away with feelings of mingled relief and annoyance. There was an element of censure in the latter's remarks that jarred upon his overstrung nerves. But he was immeasurably relieved to hear that Grace was not in a critical condition, and that no serious consequences need be feared from the excitement of the previous night. He blamed himself greatly for having spoken with a straightforwardness that was cruel under the circumstances. His was a strangely complicated position. Honour demanded that he should strain every nerve to assist in proving Gwendoline's innocence; yet fate had willed that his lips should be sealed on the subject to his wife, though he suspected she possessed information which would prove strong evidence in the hands of the defence. Eric, he knew, must be relying on his having elicited facts, that either corroborated the suspicions that Grace knew who had committed the forgery or that negatived her having any knowledge on the subject. With a depressing sense of having failed to accomplish what was clearly his duty, Dennis arrived at Bow Street,. Mr. Treherne and Gwendoline were already in court; so also was Sir Edward Masters, who was attending expressly to obtain bail. Eric Hume was seated at the solicitors' table in the well of the court, and Dennis instantly joined him. "Virhat does your wife say?" queried the former at once, in a low voice. "Nothing." "Nothing! What do you mean? Surely she had something to say on the subject? " "I asked her several questions, but I could elicit no information in reply. Don't imagine I acted with lukewarm energy and did not do my best. Ae a matter of fact, I did too much." "How ? " asked Eric, looking up with surprise. "She was dreadfully upset at what I said, and fainted: Her child was born this morning."

... Eric looked aghast. "I hope she is in no danger—nothing serious," he faltered.

"No—happily. I tell you this, so that you will exonerate me from not having acted with sufficient decision. As it is now, the matter cannot be mentioned to Grace again for weeks--perhaps months."

"This is unfortunate—most unfortunate," replied the other. "I quite believed we could depend on your wife giving you information that would have made Gwendoline's acquittal a certainty: Now we must unearth evidence as best we can. However, I am sure you did all you could in the matter. In the end we are certain to get a verdict, but adjournments and a trial are hard things for a girl like Gwen to be called upon to face." "I wish I could have been of some practical assistance," said Dennis fervently. "You will be so, undoubtedly, if the magistrate accepts you as bail, which he is certain to do." Then Eric became absorbed in a conversation with counsel, to which Dennis listened, putting in a word from time to time. A pause followed, during which there was nothing to distract him from mentally revolving the terrible consequences of the case, should it be sent for trial and the jury return a verdict of guilty. His mind was in a whirl of apprehension; one moment he dreaded hearing the evidence that would be brought forward in support of the charge; the next he felt an intense curiosity to know facts which could form a basis for arguing that the case had no locus standi. The only word applicable to the present state of the case was mystery; and this mystery he was tired of trying to solve. He was absolutely certain, however, that no connection could exist between Gwendoline and the person who forged and uttered the cheque. After a while his atten- tion was attracted to the prisoner then in the dock, a brutal, degraded wretch, accused of maltreating his sick wife and young child. Dennis listened to the evidence of those who had witnessed this man's attack on helpless creatures with a feeling of growing indignation that clever, beautiful Gwendo- line Treherne should be compelled to stand next in the same place where this despicable specimen of humanity lounged with callous indifference. It was just twelve when her case came on for hearing. With a pale, calm face she took her place in the dock. Instantly all eyes were turned towards her. Blood surged to her pale cheeks, sad fierce, rebellious pride arose in her heart as she realised that whispered comments on her per- sonal appearance were on every lip. Uneducated and coarse-minded men and women were criticising her as she stood, quivering in every limb, yet drawn up to her full height. The moment was one of intensest humiliation.

Dennis Vane watched her with unfathomable pity. Had it been possible he would have sacri- ficed his life at that moment to rescue her from her present position. Mr. Treherne glanced nervously towards the dock, and with difficulty summoned an encouraging smile. Gwendoline, who had always delighted in the fascinating, natural merriment of her father's smile, was infinitely touched by its present sad- ness. But it would have been easier for him to be brave had he been standing in the dock himself. The case opened by a statement from the detective who arrested Gwendoline. He repeated her expressions of intense surprise when the charge of uttering the forged cheque was read to her. Then a server from Messrs. Tuke and Son, artists' colourmen, entered the witness-box and briefly stated that Miss Treherne called at the shop and prseented the cheque to be cashed, which, however, he had declined to do. Neat followed the evidence of Richard Musgrove, who swore that he had cashed the cheque for her at his shop in Mervale Street, Piccadilly. The proceedings were of the briefest. It seemed to Gwendoline that the case was barely opened before the magistrate adjourned it to the following Wednesday. Then Sir Edward Masters applied for bail. With feelings of keenest anxiety she listened to the discussion on the subject, and was intensely relieved when the magistrate decided to accept bail in two sureties of one thousand pounds, in the persons of her father and Dennis Vane. With a joyous feeling of recovered freedom Gwendoline quitted the dock and walked out of court by the side of her father.

(To be continued.)

l).1.111•RTICITIII PILLS digestiVb, curreon v4l, ac.rerably avrient. 9id.. 130.4 Quat cbunistg.—rdl

===== 0002601_18980325_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
BOVRIL

SOCIAL PROBLEMS,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPULSORY LAND PC RCHASE. By JOSEPH HYDER, General Secretary of the _ _ _

Land Nationalisation Soda

ARTICLE XX. If it Is for the benefit of the people, for the benefit of the agricultural class, but not of that class only, but of the whole community, that the State shou,d become the proprietor of all the land of the country, then it would be perfectly right that it should be done, and the landlords, r pon receiving fair compensation, would have no right to object Mn. GLADSTONE, at Hawarden Rent Dinner, 1889. There are some questions which many men will not examine because they dislike them,and which they dis- like because they have not examined them. Land Nationalisation is one of these questions. And perhaps the chief reason wily it has not yet received the atten- tion which its importance deserves is the existence of a common impression that it necessarily implies a policy of spoliation. Lord Dunraven voiced this belief some time ago when he declared that Land Nationalisation was "two long words signifying one short one—theft." Of course his statement was absolutely incorrect, but it drew a chorus of approval from Conservative editorst who are no wit more learned than are Conservative Peers in these matters. With the proverbial tenacity of life which ever characterises falsehood when it advantages those who promulgate it, this particular falsehood dies hard. It is much less prevalent now than formerly, but in many quarters it is still as fondly eherished as if it were a truth. A pithy saying of Abraham Lincoln is, however, encouraging. He said, " You may fool all of the people some of the time, and you may fool some of the people all the time ; hut you can't fool all the people all the time." Certainly the people have been fooled long enough on this question, by men who have been frequent and loud in their denunciation of land nationalisers as robbers of the worst type. But Ido not want to bandy personalitiPs. Calling each other robbers will in no way benefit either side of the controversy. Indeed, the introduction of the term "robber" generally has the effect of clouding the real issue. It inflames the passions without strengthening the reasoning powers. It embitters the discussion, and serves no good purpose at all. Moreover, it is not true

LANDIARDS ARE NOT ROBBERS. First, as to the landlords. No one can hate the system of orivate property in land more than I do. But my hatred is not of the landlords personally. The wrong is in the systcm, not in the individuals. Undoubtedly the system leads to the impoverishment of the industrious for the sake of the idle. It re-ults in the appropriation by one class of the wealth made by another class. But to stigmatise the landlords as robbers because of this iø quite unwarrantable. They cannot justly be likened to highwaymen or pirates, as is someltre,s so glibly done. by an energetic tint irresponsible and insignificant majority. The " common sense of most "revolts against such a comparison. Practically the nation is unanimous on this point. The leaders of both ,:oreat political par- ties are landlords, and between them they receive mil- lions of votes. If they are robbers, then the whole nation is equally responsible as an accessory to the rob- bery. Therefore, to propose to punish by impoVerish- merit the few who hold the land is really as unjust in in- tention as it is impossible to carry out. It is quite true, as Herbert Spencer says, that the present system VMS established by force and fraud. It is quite true that blood was the ink and the sword was the pen with which the first land titles were written. And it is quite true, that long after it ceased to be the custom to acquire land by means of physical force and violence, it was the custom to acquire it by the no less effective means of class legislation passed by Parliaments where landlords bad absolutely a monopoly of power, and where the masses were not represented at all. But those days are long since gone by.

THE ORIGINAL WRONG-DOERS are gone, too. They connot be got at. and they cannot be punished. The fact is,we • aye to right a wrong, not to punish a wrong-doer. The essential weakness of the non-compensationists' case is that they do not realise this. Surely it is not just that the present innocent holders of land should he made scapegoats and be pun- ished for the unjust acts of the!r predecessors in posses- sion. They have come ioLo po:session unconscious of any wrong,by the same meats exactly as owners of other kinds of property have come into possession, with the undoubted sanction of the whole nation, and the guar- tee of protection by the State. The buying of land has been, and still istregarded as quite a legitimate transac- tion—equally as much so as the buying of a house or any other product of labour ; equally legitimate and even more respectable. Indeed,the people are only new beginning to recognise the distinction between land and the products of land. For over 60 years the franchise has been p,.ssessed by the middle classes. For over 30 years it has been possessed by a considerable section of the working classes. B..fore the great Reform Act of 1832 it might have been ..aid that

THE LANDLESS MAJORITY were not responsible fer the laws and systems of property, as they had no voice in the government. But that cannot be said now. And not only had they hither- to accepted ane endorsed the system of private property in land as it exists in our own country, but they have also established it in all the colonies the have founded across the seas. The most democratic Governments in the world, those of the United States and our Austra- lasian Colonies, have even gone out of their way to en- courage the private acquisition of land. They have de- liberately parted with the national estate,and vast tracts of public land have been alienated in the most foolish A and reckless manner. Therefore for them to turn round ' and suddenly to declare, as a few do declare, that the buyer of land is in the position of the buyer of stolen goods, act must suffer the conseqaences of his mistake, , would be an act of national cowardice which they are . not at all likely to commit. The oft-quoted case of the man who has innocently bought a stolen horse does not apply. The State does not guarantee the title, as be- tween man and man, to any particular horse, any more than to any particular piece of land. It is understood that a man buys at his own risk. But it does declare that horses as horsea and land as land) are legitimate. subjects of ownership and sale. • The sudden conflcation of all horses would therefore be

I GROSS VIOLATION of rights of property. And the confiscation of all land would be a far greater one. In seeking the abolition of private property in land I therefore want to make two points clear. First : That the State has an absolute right to obtain the direct control and ownership of all the land within its borders. Second : That the present holders of land have a right to expect fair compensation when the land is so acquired. And when we come to facts as apart from the theories, we find that it is quite a common thing for the State to expropriate landlords and give to them compensation. Indeed, this is but the logical outcome of the well-known axiom of English law, thst all the land really belong: to the State, and not to• Individuals. Everyone is accustomed to speak of land- owners, but it is not correct to do so. Legal authorities may differ on other matters, but they are entirely, un- animous in declaring that, strictly speaking, every sub ject of the Crown merely holds his land as a tenant COf the Crown or State. The very name " freeholder" proves this. It obviously means one who holds his land free from any obligation to pay rent either in money or- in service. The central idea of the feudal System has never been discarded, although landlord Governments, have done their best to reduce its usefulness andpo make it little more than a theory. None the lees, it is important to bear Is in mind. Land-nationalisation, therefore, simply means the effective assertion of this atent State sovereignty. And fortunately we are able, to point to the fact that this sovereignity is already asserted from,time to time in c:rtaiu special circum— stances.

COMPULSORY LAND ,runcireen. At one time the State frequently took land from in— dividuals as a punishment, and many a titled landed family of the present day derive a princely income front - estates which were forfeited to the Crown by their former holders, who fell into Royal disfavour. But now-a-days land is never taken in that way. It is never taken except it is needed for some public purpose, and then its full (and too often much more than its full" value is taken in exchange. For instance, the State- compels the sale of land when it is needed for the mak- log of public improvements. If a street has to bo widened, or if a new road has to be made, the landlord may be obliged to sell the land that is needed for the purpose. If an area is over-crowded and unhealthy, be must sell to the public authority that is empowered to clear such insanitary places. To the School Board he must sell a site for the public schools. To the Board ef Guardians he must sell the site for a workhouse. To the Burial Board he must sell the site for a cemetery. When Glasgow wanted a new water supply from Loch Katrine and Liverpool and Birmingham from the Welsh hills, they were able to make landlords sell the nece.sary land. When the War Office wants a rifle range, or a drilling. ground, or an arsenal, or a fort, the same power is exercised. And if the admiralty wants a dockyard, the landlord is effectually reminded that tear° is no such thing in England as absolute private property in land, as there undoubtedly is in capital.

A. GOOD. PRINCIPLE. That is not a party question at all, so far aa the main principle is concerned. The Unionist Government of 188 enacted tha.: one acre allotments might be compul- sorily purchased for the benefit of the labouring popu- lation. The Liberal Government of 1894 enacted that five-acre hnkling might be compulsory hired. And Mr Gladstone at the Liberal Federation meetings at Man ehester in 1890 declared that while "the Allotment Act was ineffiuient, it yet contained the good prit that where land was needed in the judgment of a potent public authority, it might be purchaeed wiz tbe owner desired it or not." And not only has railway the power to acquire land by compulsion, the Church of England has a similar power to acquil church sites—a privilege possessed by none of the otl religious denominations, although they most need - Thus I claim that the essential argument of lac I Dationalisers is clearly established,aud that the right the State to acquire all the land.on equitable terms, ft° placed beyond dispute. For, it be just to acquire a Par It cannot he unjuq to acquire the who upon the ear terms.

I

===== 0002601_18980325_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Li

===== 0002601_18980325_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
p- •

co-ra*

===== 0002601_18980325_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
bother

every,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Other

===== 0002601_18980325_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Part'

===== 0002601_18980325_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

My Dzere NELLIE.

The milliner's shop window look very attractive on the account of the wonderfully bright of hue are the new hats. AL the first glaixe it seems as if no one colour predominated in the gay show, but a more careful scrutiny will p.ove that although the rather trying, mauveish tone of blue known as pervenche, or periwinkle, is the colour of the season, it has important rivals in rose-pink, apple and grass greens, and red. The last-named hue, however,will probably vanish when the cold winds are over and the suns gains strength, and its suc- cessor will then be, I imagine, a rather deep shade Of petunia.

here is one shape beyond nil others to be seen -on the heads of fashionable women just mow. It is nearly round, of very moderate size, with a low crown that is almost entirely hidden by the trimm- ings, and a brim that is lifted on the left side by a full wreath of flowers or folds of velvet or silk which extends round to the back of the head. The hat is put on well forward, and is in reality set quite straight on the hair, but the mass of trimm- ing under the brim gives it an appearance of being titled to one side. A chenille and velvet hat of this description looks well wreathed with roses and draped with soft waves of black net, and a diamond star holding a black and green aigrette.

Girls of from four to eight are still wearing the straight frocks, out in empire fashion, and fitted either to a yoke or short empire bodice. They look well made in cashmere, serge, or soft, thin Woollen textures, with ruching of ribbon or of frayed silk, and yoke of fancy embroidered lawn. The collar-shaped arrangement round the yoke is made on stiff union or canvas, and is of irregular ,IlhaPe, the right side folded, the left out lip, and "limbed with a rosette of silk or ribbon. A very dressy little mantle, suitable for a young matron, has the body portion similar to a Russian blouse, and worn with a belt. In place of the Ordinary sleeve there are cape-like pieces, which fib over the shoulders and fasten down to the blouse, these in front leaving a space for the arms to pass through. Trimmed with jet and feathers, this is is very useful model for grey cloth, or iseireotive in silk or moir‘ with a ruche of gauze or grenadine • and jet passemonterie, with motifs .forming the corners

%n the tailor-made class of gown, skirts misers] longer than they were, and ,barely escape the ground all round, and fit perfectly tight round the hips. Flounces of the circular type have not been adopted by the tailor to any great extent, although they are seen here and there, but unmy of the skirts have extra slope in the dower part of the gores, and the trimming is arranged to suggest& aoanty circular flounce. Skirts with all the fulness ,tied back by tapes., and allowed ,to fall in two godet pleats, are the most graceful, but so closely are the tops cut, that there is only sufficient to make a very tiny little box-pleat on each side, or to arrange a few gathers. The tapes are altogether more adaptable than the elastic running round, as the strings may be tied more or less tightly, according to the petticoats worn, and it is possible to adjust the skirt in a be- coming fashion. The latest notion in the way of trimming on the skirt of a dress is the one-sided arrangement of jet passemeuterie on a violet cloth, one that is cut With the slight train now so fashionable, as in the third sketch. The .coersage and sleeves are of Parma violet silk muslin, tucked and trimmed With narrow black pioot lace, while the sides of tke bodice are solidified and strengthened by bands of handt.oine, yet not heavy, jet passementerie. At the throat is a long bow of mauve chiffon, centred by an oval slide of Parisian diamonds, and tho.ceinture is black satin. A great many spot silk bodices are made up with cloth skirts, very lalueh in blouse fashion, but very slightly baggy in front, and not at all behind. The sleeves, too, Pt smaller and more coat-like every week, though In thin materials they are amplified at the top. The very pretty long pointed shoes worn at the M.rst Diawing Room of the season have turned our attention to the all-important question of foot coverings. We are certainly falling much into the Iktnerican notion, with the result that the modern .trt is shown off to greater advantage than was .1,41 fashion years ago. For all dressy occasions aros would seem to be worn, almost to the exolu- ro°4 of boots, which many women only don for ugh wear in the country. Your loving .JENNIN.

EVERY WOMAN %ould send two stamps for our NEW BOOK eontainin valnable inforruatlon to Ladies how all Irregularities :nay be entirely Avoided or Removed .I).Y Simple Means Room -ilenoed by eminent Physiekne al the only Safe. Sure, 1::Id otuline Remedy. "Never Fails, Thousands of Testi- menials. -Mr, W. E. DL ANC NA, !ID "'"Ji ton London. Claremont UOO B 8

-N\ , '.-., /IP i , ----\ , 4/- i,-,,,,,,-, ,--:--, t rp.0.;.tiv....,:i; Clfe'c-71."`1tt1!% / t -C.ICVS,:::,; • ''' • If *--' 0 •••_ , , '- ' Nii : //if/ I/ 4 ~ / . 0l t. e .-.\06,.. !Cir ' . ....'l* 11/ . i• . 1.%1‘...1.1.175---. 'A: P, . ..)*

'o,N7s;•'''... 1 ; ... //' f\,........, ~ ... , $ ~ , •t, A , 'l' • \ „

1 \ i . , .::,.: . •,,.."..•;., - . ~ . ‘9l X. 1, I \_....--.. 4ly 4//' • '9' - i / ' / . /h 4, y/4;4 417' / /(,,, . 1; 'Y' w• 1-i i ~.' ,' ''' - ' /iv, /24 :;/,; • fits', p. • . ; , • , i . .

===== 0002601_18980325_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'I

===== 0002601_18980325_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
TB

- MODEL 299. Well made aud carefully finished bodice trimmed braid in in A. full wide tailor skirt Price 10/6 "6/ u complete Car. 6d Skirt alone 5/6. Car: sd.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Up-to-date MODEL 895. Very well. cu and lg / carefully- finished Iv/ tailor coat fastening with one button, full wide skirt. in the latest mode. Pelee 15/- complete. Safely packed in leather- board box and carriage paid, 1/. extra.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT.",

During Her alajet:ti's—s:l aim abroad, stores are sent to the Court about three times a week, and are con- veyed under special supervision. In the matter of flowers, however, the Queen is content to rely upon the luxurious blooms that grow under the sunny Southern skies, and it is only occasionally that supplies are des- patched to Omit's, from the royal gardens at Frogmore. Speakina of 'flowers, those ef us accustomed to traversing the principal thoroughfares of our greal towns and cities,cannot but be familiar with the delici- , ous perfume of many of the costor girls' baskets, but few perhaps are aware of the methods so fnsquently re- sorted to whereby this exquisite fragrance is obtained. Take for instance "French violets, which, as we are all aware, have no odour of any kind. The merch ant visits a chemist and purchases one wood violet. The moist I moss upon which thesflowers rest, absorbes theaserfume, and a basketful is soon disposed of. Pots of musk have often a little 11141,4 k perfume added to them,and a penny- worth nf white vase is frequently employed to improve the selling quality'of the roses. Despite the fact that women gardeners are not asyet the rage, there are numbers of our sex who have re- ceived a thorough horticultural training, and are now in very good appointments. The women's branch of the Horticultural College.Swanley, Kent, has become an'tin; 'qualified success. This college is situated about •fifteen ,miles from London,and the grounds on which students are trained cover fortysthree acres in extent. The sub • aoil.chiefly of chalk and gravel, is highly favourable to 'fruit culture,while the air' is very salubrious. The main Wilding contains accommodation for about 150 students' and includes a lecture theatre, class rooms, laboratory and library, and adjoining are the aviary, poultry runs, farm tuildings, stables,workshops, glass houses,and hos- ticuttural accessories. Osta student at Swanley secured last year a position at •Lady Henry Somerset's 'Farm Colony at Du xhurst,where she organises and directs all the horticultural work. Anothor one-time student is now engaged in directing '1 and instructing in gardening the patients of the Con valescent Home at Hale. while a third is empleyed a- head gssrdener and teacher of practical gardening at the Wycombe Abbey School. A two year's residence at the College is considered the length of time needed for a stu- dent to become qualified, although this is not absolutely necessary. But to a woman bent on becoming a pro- ,SQssional gardener,this apprenticeship will not seem too'l long, proaided, of course, ahe•can afford the fees. 'The Wesnen's London Gardening 'Association still I zholds Its own, and happily•promises to continue to do so. -No place in London does prettier decorations, and in addition•to its many other branehes the association 'maisufseturss its own sweets. Its home made jams are alreads 'widely known and appreciated,and its varieties of dessi'lci, glegered. cinnamon, and savoury almonds ' ton, are such as will make the heart of the epicure re- I joints, The thoughtful and exquisite taste displayed in the arrangement of everything, the choice of wars and of flowers shows that here at least is an occupation where the refining influence of a gentlewoman is a genuine gain. Copentagen,where the Princess of Wales and Princess Victoria will spend the next few weeks,, is often styled the" Pawls of theVorth," and with its happy, outdoor, boulevard life, its theatres, and its varieties, its picture galleries, its fine promenades, its skating rinks, with its I stately parks in its immediate neighbourhood, Copen- hagen mey well be campared with a Paris in miniature. The eaf4 and " trortoire " life is, also, very ,cf la Parisienne, as well as the style and fashion of the Danish women,which unquestionably runs in the direc- tion rf those of the immortal city on the Seine. 1.14,' King of Denmark will complete on Good Friday, his 80th year' but his light elastic step as he walks along the principal promenade, of Copenhagen, his ereot stature, his firm seat in the saddle on his famous' charger, all bear traces of a much younger man, and leave the impression that there are still many yea's;

EXTRAORDINARY COUGH CURB. Powell's Balsam or Aniseed—For Coughs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—For Colds. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed-00*(118. Asthma. Powell, Balsam of Anise& i—Conglas.—Bronehitis. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Coughs.—Lung Troubles. Powell's Balsam of Anl seed —Coughs.—Nirtht Cow ha. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed--Cougns.—lnfluenza.' Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Relieves Instantly. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Congha.—Safe and Reliable. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Ooughs.—Est,blished 70 years. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Ref use Imitations. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Coughs.—Sold by Chemists. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Bottles, Is. lid., 23, 3d. See Trade Mark—Von, Net, and Mouse, on Wrapper.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE COLD MEDALS AWARDED for excellence of design, material, make and liaish.

These Costumes are roade up in twe good durable cloths 1.--JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE & lI.—JOHN NOBLE 003TUER COATING, a smooth outfaced cloth lighter ir weight than the Serge.

PATTERNS of befh cloths, together with the NW BOOK OF COSTUIABb for Ladies and Children,SENT

Post Free

to all who mention "Warrington Examiner and need not be returned.

ALL COSTUMES SUPPLIED IN THEI FOLLOWING COLOURS : Black, Navy, Brown,Ruby,Myrtie, Grey, Moss,Fawn, Cinna- mon, Purple, and Electric. THE THREE SIZES IN STOCK are 34, 38 ins, round bust (under arms); skirts balm .‘B, 40 and 42 ins, long in front. Any other sly be made to measure 1/6 extra.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Costume.

Model 894.

Well-cut bodice, trirnmed on centre with fancy stitching, A L'ECOSSE. inia Full wide Tailor Skirt. "1/ u Price 10/6 .00mplete. Carriage 6d. Skirt alone 5/6. Carriage sd.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
of useful life in store for His Majesty to rule over the nation that adores him. The Dowager Empress of Russia and the Princess of Wales, will, as usual, spend the anniversary of their father's birthday with him at Copenhagen. Flower toques, and hate, are well to the fore, on fine afternoon. OA doubtful days however, they stay at home in the wardr3be,their owner taking out something of stronger constitution in the shape of headgear. The quaint little Mblunimas daisy is enj iying unloosed for poptfiarity which is chiefly owing to the fact that its peculiar, soft, pale, blush mauve, goes so well with the deep mauves, pansy tints, and purples, for which there is such demand just now. Most of the modern artificial lowers are faithfully copied from Natute, but occasion- ally one chances tspon some Incomprehensible specimen. In the matter of evening shoes, the variety is almost endless this season. 'there' is the plain shoe with a tiny buckle, elaborately beaded pointed toes, shoes with span work of narrow leather straps brought high round the ankle or those with two or three straps buttoning on alternate sides. Satin shoes are in high favour at the moment, moreover an attempt is being made to intro- duce black velvet shoes, but it is hardly likely to prove successful.

'Fans just now are particularly fascinating, and one can study on' s own taste without being in the least con- spiCuous. Huge fluff v 01268 and nice dainty specimens are-being shown side by side. Rare skill is displayed upon the carving, or inlaying of the fan sticks, and the most perfect mother of pearl, silver, ivory, ebony, and other precious metals and woods, are employed for them.

an-tha sixteenth century, feathers were mostly em- -ployed in the manufacture of fans, and these fans did not fold. A gold chain was 'fixed to the stock of the fan, and it in its turn was attached to the waist of the wearer, whence it hung chatelain-wise. Early in the ,eighteeth century fans were of enormous proportions. Indeed,so huge were the fashionable ones that Sir Roger 'Coverley declared he would allow "the profits of a windmill" to the widow of whom he was the suitor,"for her tans." Another period again decreed the very tiniest .of baby imitations to be modish. Behind such as these the coquetries of the fan wielder must have been but ,poorly masked. The Spanish beauty's pattern is the best for such a purpose, ample, sufficiently transparent,to be tantalising, and loose enough in the stick to flop and sway,, with proper indolence and consummate grace. ft* correct way in which to manufacture a linseed poultice, is as follows :—Take a clean saucepan, and Into it pat a handful of linseed meal and hot water enough to make it like a thick paste, meanwhile keep- ing it stirred with an iron spoon, Aid linseed meal and water, according to the size of poultice required. FlaVO a 4guare of muslin reads, on a hot plate and spread the linseed meal quickly on the muslin, making an even thickness. Then dip the iron spoon into hot water and rui:Oit over the linseed meal; and fold the muslin securely. If the poultice has to be carried upstairs, put it between two hot plates. After applying the poultice, cover it with a piece of oil silk te keep in the moisture. IMITATION PRESERVED GINGER.—Strip off the stringy part of garden rhubarb, and cut the stalks into pieces about two inches long. Put them in a saucepan with five pints of water, one pound of sugar, and two table- spoonfuls of ground ginger. Boil slowly for twenty minutes, set the preparation aside, and later on boil again half an hour, and repeat the process a third time. Make a thick syrup by boiling tzgether one cupful of water. one pound of loaf sugar, and one ounce and a half of ginger, for every pound of stalk, and when cold put the preserve in jirs, and rAver closely. It will be ready for use in a fortnight. One pound of rhubarb will make one pound of pm oe. - -

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_18980325_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD.

Reverend Joseph Holmes' Improved Mexican Pre- stription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weak ness, exhausted vitality, kidney or bladder diseases gravel prostate, spinal weakness, brain fag and kindred complaints—discovered in Mexico. It has stood the test for twentv-two y oars. Thouqands cured. Srind a self- addressrrt stamped envelope to .rosava Flor„mes' REMEDY' CO. Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Square,Loridon, and get particular., of this great Specific free. Mention whether for male or female. Genuine sufferers wad only apply. 13:•vraro of swindling imitators an d guoran ouac ks.

LINSEED COMPOI.W) Urade7Markl, Rivet Expectoration. without etruiu. ct. 130.. Soldby Chemists only.—Adrt

===== 0002601_18980325_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM I NE]:, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, P3PB.

WAKRING- PON CORPORATION' AND THE " FE A.TEIERS " HOTEL.

ARBITRATION P ROCEEDINOS.

Arbitration proceedings in connection with the purchase of property by the Warrington Corpora- tion to enable them to continue the widening of Bridge-st. were commenced at the Lion Hotel, War- rington,on Tuesday morning. The property in dis- pute is the "Feathers" Hotel,Bridge-street,and two cottages and shop adjoining, which belong to Mr, Arthur Wilson. The arbitrator for the Corporation is Mr. William Wilson, of Manchester, and for the claimant Mr. James Clowes Sutton. Mr. Thomas Wainwright,of Liverpool,is the umpire. The counsel for the Corporation are Mr. Sutton and %Ir. J. K. Bradbury, barristers, of Manchester (instructed by the Town Clerk), and for the claimant Mr. W. F. K. Taylor, Q.C. London (instructed by Mr. Arthur Browne). The claim is for £16,000 for the Feathers Hotel and for three small cottages adjoining, and comprising an area of about 636 square yeards. The Corporation offered £2,900. Amongst those present at the opening were the Mayor (Alderman Wright), Aldermen James Fairclough,Blackli urst,and Sutton; Councillors H. Roberts, Longton, and Shaw Green; Messrs. John White. H.B. Melville, Charles Jackson Holmes, James Elepherd, W.Roberts,James Strange, Herbert Hatton, E. Eddow es,A. Chandtey, J.L.Tuns- tall, Samuel Barlow, Thomas Tunstall, John Main- waring, Arthur Wilson (the claimant), Curran, &C., the Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle), the Borough Treasurer (Mr. John Fairhurst), the Borough Sur- veyor (Mr.T. Longdin),and tir.J.Sutcliffe (assistant borough surveyor). The Umpire, in opening the proceedings, said that he and two others—Alderman Tnomas Sutton for the claim- an v and Mr. Thomas Longdin for the Corporation— would first of all view the property in question. The Court would be adjourned for the purp 'se for a quarter of an hour or 20 minutes. There were a great number of people present who were not interasted in the case. The room was small and incmvenient, and, therefore, only those interested would remain in the room for the I convenience of others.

- Mr. William Wilson : What about the rep/eters ? The Umpire : The reporters, who represent the public, will be allnwed to remain. Councillor IL filberts : May I ask fore definition of E who are the interested parties, as I am a member of the Property Purchasing Committee of the Corporation, , and I take it that I have a right to be present? The Umpire ; I shall object to no one remaining whom . either side wish to remain. The Umpire and others then left the room. Mr. Taylor commenced his speech for the claimant on / their return. He said the present claim had arisen out , of the widening of Bridge-street—a, process which he ; understood had been going on for some time, a process / which was converting the main street of Warrington by i degrees into a remarkably Arm street. The claimant, Mr. Arthur Wilson. claimed in rempect of the Feathers , Hotel and premises which for the purpeses of the inquiry E and twoe°n icsot te tda g t(h; he was perfectly correct ; Voicem i g licensedht: e.p viewedTrehmrei se e.;i in tritahberieebegel esavhr eot dps . in what he had stated It was known before the notice / to treat was given--the date of which was the 29th July, i eB97—that the widening of the street would affect this property. Counsel proceeded to indicate the lines on which the value of the property should be looked at. / The knowledge that the Corporation would sooner or ; later require the property was bound to affect the values i and the rent. The cottages were empty because they g could not be lot for any length of time ; it was known that hefore long they must come down. He based his case upon the position of the property, which was Situ- ated in the main street of Warrington. Warrington, RS I was well-known, had four streets which formed a cross. 1 If they took property in the centre—Merket-gate—they reached the top values per yard but as they went fur- ther away from the centre spot the value decreased. In i this ease, however, the buildings were practically half way down OR the best side of the main street, and the arbitrators were asked to assess what was the measure of the loss of the claimant's interest in the property. It I was a common-Place observation in these cases—but an observation that did not lose its force,—that where a . own was inereesine as Warrington was increasing, the value also increased. All his witnesses were men who I were resident in Warrineton, and who were familiar with the property im question, and they affixed a value to it, a potential value on property on this particular site. They did not go on the rent that wee paid-284 a veer for the hotel alone, and he would proceed to describe why the rent was so low. The claimants father was the freeholder up to February, ' egeLend the claimant was his youngest non,and also his favourite gowned in that year the owner, who had car- ried on the business for 40 years.gave it up to the claim- ant. It was a family arrangement which had no real reference to the value at all. A dead ,which formed the cleimanes title to the hotel,was drawn up in February, 1898. by which the hotel passed to the claimant for £1,500. The old gentleman wished to make it a free gift,but was advised not to do so. and £1,500 was agreed upon between father and gen. The deed having been drawn up there was a mortgage to raise the £l,soo,and it was given by a firm of brewers,and the sum fixed was £l,BOO. Afterwards,by a free deed of gift, the cottages were given by the old gentleman to his son. There was no real consideration at all. In January, 1897, the old man died, and proceedings in the Liveroool Court of Chancery followed to try to set aside the deeds of gift by the other members of the family. It was obvious that that being the condition of affairs the young man could not give a long lease,especially as there was a dis- pute by which it was sought to set aside his title. It was, therefore, arranged between the two centending parties that there should be only a tenant put in the house under a short term of notice, and from that time up to the present that had been done. The result was that the claimant had never been able to obtain such a rent as he would have been able to obtain with a long lease. In the Court of Chancery an arrangement was. made.this being a family dispute.by which an additional £l,OOO should be given to the other children, and it was raised on mortgage of the same premises from the same peoeleenaking a total advanced upon the premises by the firm of brewers of £2,900. Arthur Wilson, the claimant, was the first witness called. He said the hotel part was let on a monthly tenancy to Arthur Starkey. He kept the yard and stab- ling in his own occupation as cab proprietor. He was born in the house. His father was in it over 40 years. Is 1.896 the premises were transferred to him(elaiment). His father wanted to make a deed of gift to him of the le premises. By his solicitor's advice he gave hie father £1,500 for the home which sum was to be divided between his sister and two brothers. The money was raised by a mortgage on the building obtained from Messrs. Greenel!, Whitley, and Co. His father died in January, 1897. Proceedings were afterwards taken in Chancery by hie executors to set aside the deed of gift. That was settled by his peeing a further sum of £l,lOO, which was raised by a further mortgage from the same people. Beth his father and he had had offers for the property. He had a well. which was an advantage to athneothcearrrsjua fteabbl euspilnaecses n wRe hi chhatan ena%ybtehearit ha t.:lll,:int4:olni —Cross-examined by Mr. Bradbury : He had two horeea, a landau, two wagenettee, two handsome, and a deg cart. He kept three horses last summer. He had three conveyances licensed by the Corporation. fin did not keep any account of the business. He did net think he should have to make a claim for loss of his business because he expected the stables to be rebuilt. Asked why he did not keep an account of the business, know- ing that he was going to claim, his reply was that he did not do so because he had not done so before. At the Chancery trial he gave the tenants of the cottages notice to leave because he wanted fresh tenants. They had not been let since. The house wee not tied, and there was no agreement to take beer from Meomrs. Greenall. As a fact, however, beer was got from that brewery. 1i paid the rates on the house. The sole rate was £lO 2s. 81. and the improvement rote £9 12s. per annum. Hit father got all his beer. lexcept bottled beer and stout, from Greenall's in 1896 an 1895. The tenant had the option of becoming tenant of the new hotel proposed to be erected at the rear of the present building. That was a stipulation of the present tenant when he took up the tenancy. Arthur Brnwne, the claimant's solicitor, was next called and said he acted a geed deal in licensing matters for the Licensed Victuallers' Association, Messrs. Green. all and Whitler and Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons. He formerly acted as solieitur for ;he claimant's father, and was consulted by the latter with regard to giving the whole of his property to his son Arthur, who was his favourite son. He (witness) persuaded him not to do P n, as he did not think it fair to the other children. Casual conversation took place between the deceased and himself about the matter. Eventually on his advice, the deceased agreed to take £1,500, that sum being arrived at as £5OO for each of the other children,but the late Mr. Wilson would Persist in making a deed of gift of the cottages. No valuation was made of the public• house when it was agreed that Arthur Wilson should pay £1,500. Arthur Wilson also undertook to pay off the curr -nt debts of the houge. which amounted to £270. Samuel Wilson died on sth January, 1897, he having advised him on his will. Another solicitor, Mr. Jenkins, wag called in to make hid will the day before his death. The will appointed Mr. Jenkins and Mr. Johnsen Wilson executors. They brought an action to upset the deed, and after the plaintiffs' case had been partly heard the Vice-Chancellor suggested a settlement remarking to the plaintiffs' counsel that his client had over-reached himself. A. consultation took place and another £l,lOO was raised without a moment's hesitation in the Court. After the action the present ten- ant took the house. The house was net tied. The popu- lation of Warrington was increasing rapidly. There were 87 fully licensed houses, and only nine free lenuals.—By Mr. Bradbury : It was true that by an agrearnent,dated August 24th, 1894,Arthur Wilson was to have the option of'purchasing the whale of the premises, house, stables, and cottages for £3,000. That was the result of one of the conversations that parsed between him (witness)and

Samuel Wilson. In re-examination by Mr. Taylor, he geld the agree- ment of 1394 was drawn up on the same gr iund ae the subsequent one, namely,that Arthur Witsou was the de- ceased's favourite son. Alfred Eddowes,aerated water manufacturer, said he bad known the Feathers Hotel for 20 years. In the lifetime of the late Samuel Wilson he tried several times to buy it. He offered £7,000 foe the whole of the pre- mises. In his view it was worth more. He made the same effer to Arthur Wilson. He had made no inquiries about the business,but he judged from its position that it would be a good speculation. Alfred Starkey said he had been the tenant since the 31st August,lB97. Be tried to get a lease,but could not on account of the proposed alterations. There was not much business when he first went there, but it was in- creasing every week. SECOND DAY'S PROCEEDINGS. The proceedings were resumed at the Lion Hotel, on Wednesday. Mr. John White was re-examined by Mr. Taylor. He said the practice adopted for arriving at the value of public-house property in this neighbourhood was to take one-eighth of the takings. Brewers,bowever,gener. ally reckoned 14 or 20 years' purchase on the net profits which were one-third of the gross takings. Alderman Sutton was the next witness called. Re said he was an auctioneer and retate agent,and had a good deal of experience in telling and valuing properties In Warrington. Bridge-st. was the most important of the four principal streetset being the only approach from ails parts of Cheshire. The side on which the Feathers Hotel was was considered the most valuable. He had been appointed in the case of at least three-fourths of the properties in the four principal streets either to sell or value. Be had a good knowledge of both annual and saleable values. The properties in these streets were continually increasing in value—in proportion to the in- crease of the population. There was a deinaed for premises in Bridge-mt., but it was impossible either to find shops to let or on sale. Be had :sold and valued a good many licensed premises. His valuation of the Feathers Hotel was £lBO for the annual value of the hotel itself, and the saleable value on 30 years' purchase £5,400. The annual value was estimated according to the yearly rental of similar licensed houses in Warring- ton, and the profits which were made at such houses. The method he usually adopted—and he found it a fairly reliable one—was to fix the yearly rental at 124 per cent., or one-eighth of the estimated gross takings. He estimated that the takings in a position as good as that should be £2B a week, or £1,450 a year, which calculated on that basis would give £lBl a year. For the stables and the joint use of the pump in the yard he put down £B5 a year, and the saleable value at 25 years' purchase at £1,624. He put the site down —3OB yards at £3 a yard, £924, and the buildings £7OO. There were eight stalls, which at Si. 6d. a week each would bring in £52 a year. Then there were carriage sheds and workshops over, which were very valuable to a tenant. In addition there was a saving of £lO a year in the use of water, of which there was ample steeply from the pump. Taking £52 for the stable,' it only left £l3 a year tor all the other buildings and the use of the water. He considered that £65 was a very low figure,and was a less figure than they could get such premises for in such a convenient situstooneu any part of Warrington. He put the net annual value of the cottages £3l acd the saleable value at 20 years purchase £620; value of the land at 120 yards at £4 a yard £4BO, and the buildings £l4O. If £lOO or £l5O were spent on them the cottages could be made habitable, and there would be no difficulty in getting £4O a year clear. The total annual value of the property was therefore £278 and the total saleable value £7,644, which was equal to £ll 18s 91 per square yard tor the whale of the property including the value of the license, or £7 ss. per yard de- ducting the value of the licence. He thought this was very much below the average price which properties in this street would always fetch, it was about one-third of the average value per yard. He also put down £764 for compulsory sale at £lO per cent, and £450 as com- pensation to tenant of stable. Zeo., for disturbance,mak. ing a total valuation of £8,858. Cross-examined by Mr. Bradbury : He should not say that the site of the Feathers was the most valuable part of Warrington. He admitted that the sites of property in other parts of Bridge-street would be worth more. He had taken the average, and his estimate was less than the average.—What sort of trade do you assume is done by the Feathers. Is it a through trade for Cheshire? —Yes, a good eeneral trade.—Do you suggest it does a trade because it is on the route from Cheshire to Lance- shire T—To a certain extent. Yes.—What proportion of the trade do you put down to that P—l can't answer that.—You have put your valuation partly on the basis of this through route fro m Cheshire to Lancashire, and that makes a material difference in the takings P—lt makes the house more valuable, and it should take more money.—Don't try to fence the question Mr. Sutton.— I will say" Yes" then.—How many public-houses are there between Ines bridge and this house P—Five on the opposite side, and one on the saute side. In answer to further questions witness said he consi- dered that the part of Bridge-street where the hotel was situated was better than any other part of the town for trade. He knew of his knowledge what most of the pisblic-tiouees in Warrington were doing. It was not usual to deduct the outgoings in valuing licensed pre- mises. It was usual to tette a number of years' purchase en the actual rent, and he had done so. If £lB a year were deducted he should put it on 33 years' purchase. He was of opinion that the cottages were in a sanitary cendition.—Do you know that the floor is lower than the ground ?—Yes.--Row would you remedy that to make them sanitary 7—The way I would remedy it would be to pull the whole property down and rebuild it.—Why didn't yowl tell me that a quarter of an hour age ? —I would do that if I was compelled to do so. Do you s'ill say it could be made sanitary for dwelling in ? What is the proper thing to do to it. pull it down or let it for cottages P—lf they could net be put right I would pull them down.— You said the proper thing is to pull them down. Do you adhere to that P—l say if you cannot make them sanitary for cottages e should pull them down.—Do you suggest that you could not make Item sanitary ?—lf the Medical Officer told me I could not I should be compelled to pull them down.—lf you are Chairman of the Health Committee do you suggest this property could be made sanitary P—l could not answer you that question whether it is or not —Supposing they cannot, and you would have to pull them down,what would you build there ?—I should have to consider that question. —Have you considered at all what you would build there ?—I should rebuild them as cottages or ware- houses —Do you sugeest that cottages could be built on that 120 yards of land ? How are you going to comply with the bylaws P-1 do not say that I should se-erect the cottages —Could you pet up cottages to satisfy the bylaws ?—No,I could not.—What would you put there ? —Warehouses.—What height would you put them P Have you considered the question of lights there?—Yes. —Do you suggest that it would not interfere with lights to put up warehouses there P—Not a bit. Mr. Peter Wright, the managing director of Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, was called to give evidence with regard to a letter which was put in on the previous day, in which an offer was made by the brewery company for the hotel. He asked that the amount mentioned in the letter should be kept private. A discussion took place between the arbitrators and counsel, and it was suggested that the matter should be dealt with in private. Mr. Bradbury objected. He did not see why any ex- ception should be made. The court must treat every witness alike. Mr. Taylor: I do not care, it is entirely in the power of the arbitrator. Mr. Bradbury : It is in the interests of he administra- tion of justice. This is not a public court, but it is a court where one witness ought to be treated like an- other. The effect of the letter was "If I can get a license transferred to there permanently, I am going to eive a certain sung." He contended that that had no effect on the value of the property. After some further discussion, Mr. Taylor, Q C., decidel to withdraw the evidence. John Mairswaring, auctioneer and v sluer.Warrington, gave his valuation of the property as £8,030. Ho eaid the hotel would be worth to a brewer, or a brewer and wine and spirit merchant, an annual rest of £175, that arncunt to he paid on a repairing lease At 30 years' purchase the saleable value would be £5,250. The value of the yard to a livery stable keeper would he £5O per annurn,making on 20 years' purchase £l,OOO. The value of the cottage; and the shop, which brought in a gross rental of £45 104 per annum, taking it at £3O net per annum on 20 years' purchase, would be Rem. He added £450 compensation to Arthur Wilson for disturb. wine, and £730 for compulsory sale. He agreed with the previous witness that Bridee-st. was the main street for values. Directly after the Chancery proceedings he offered Mr. Arthur Wilson £6,000 for the property, and the offer was refused. lie also mentioned the matter to his solicitor. Cross-examined by Mr. Bradbury : The rent of the shop was 83 6d and the cottages 41 61 per week.—Did you think the purchase by the Corporation would make any material change in the property ?—No, I did not think so.—Mr. Bradbury (handing a document to the witness) : Is that a copy of a report made by yeti in connection with the Chancery case P—Yes.—ls this what von said : " I value the entire property at £6,000 " P—Yes.—ln your report you say : "Flaying now referred to the immediate change intended to be effected in regard to the property may mention that I consider the v aloe of the property to be very materially enhanced by such change." Is that what yen said P Yea.— P Is that true P—Yes.—On the 2nd May it was true ? You thought the intended change would materially enhance the property, and in July you thought that the change would not at all affect the property P—l say " When I made my offer," I do not consider--You have been asked to dismiss the offer from your mind. You told us that you never thought this proposed changeadded any- thing to the value of the property, is that true ? No answer.—Would you have put as much on the nronertv if the Corporation were not going to acquire it ?—Yea, I think the property is well worth it.—lf that ig &D. will you explain this (reading from the report), t' I have in placing a value on this property been guided by one or two circumstances, and princieally with regard to the

c tion of the Warrington Corperation, respecting the widening of the principal thoroughfares "? Is that cor- rect ?—Yes.—Further on you say, "I consider the value of the property to be very materially enhanced by such change. The hotel will stand in a most prominent position," dm Do you dare to say, after that that in putting the value at £5,000 you attached ne importance to the fact that the Corporation were going to buy that property ?—I have a:ready said that I think the property was well worth the money.— Hearing that valuation read do you adhere to the state- ment that you attach no importance to the fact that the Corporation are going to acquire the property" P—l stick to my answer. The very fact of mentioning it shows that I do.—Then you did attach some importance to it P—ln some measure I did.—Why did you say moment ago that you attached no imoortao3e to it ? Independently it is well worth £s,ooo.—The Umpire That is not what you say ; you contradict yourself almost in one breath. —I say it is worth £5,000 indepen- dently of that.—Witness in further cross-examination said that in the Chancery case he was employed by Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Johnson Wilson's solicitor. It was true that Wilson wanted to make out the property as valuable as he could. He considered the sum offered by the Corpora- tion was a ridiculously low price. He(witness)was called into make a moderate valuation as between the family. John Bythell Leach, auctioneer and valuer,Bt. Helens, said he had had a large experience in selling licensed properties. He considered that the Feathers Hotel occupied one of the beat positions in War- rington. He estimated the weekly takings at !£25, bringing £1,300 per annum. He then took the net prefite, which, after deducting all expenses, would be at least one third of £1.300. £433, which at 14 years' pur- ehaee would bring £6,082; stables, including free use of water, £55, at 25 years' purchase, £1,372, He esti- mated the cottages when put in order would bring in a net rental of £35, and on 20 years purchase would be £7OO. Taking off £lOO to put them in order it left £BOO the total value of the property being £8,937. He added to that 10 per cent, for compulsory purchase. £BO4 compensation for disturbance of stables, ,kc.,£4so;total, £9,29l.—Witness was cross-examined at some length as to how he arrived at the net profits. This concluded the evidence for the claimant.

Mr. Bradbury said he would reserve any remarks he had to make until after the evidence for toe Corporati had been heard, in order to avoid making two speeches. Hs would now merely state that the claimant's valua- tions were very much in excess of the true value,and he intended to show what he thought was the true value of the property. Thomas Tunstall, auctioneer and estate agent,Bewsey.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Smart Half-Guinea Norfolk Costume Well-cut Bodice. Ifl in fu 11 tailor skirt. Price 10/6 ,u/ corn p let e. Carriage 61. Skirt alone 5/6. Carriage

===== 0002601_18980325_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
4os. in the Z. JOHN NOBLE, LTD., have an unusually heavy accumulation of REMNANTS of Dress and other fab- rics, all in good useful lengths, the very thing for large families, insti- tutions,fic. These Remnants will be sent out during the next few weeks in £1 BUNDLES, each to include one superior Full Dress Length, fit for any Ladies' wear. The Bundles are agreed to be worth 40/- and even more. Price £1 only. Carriage paid.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
JCK. tn ideal School or Hollday garment for Girls. 211 n. 1/6, 241 n. 2/- 271 n. 2/6, Oin. 3/- 331 n. 3/6. 361 a. 4/- 39in. 4/6, 421 n. 5/- ev:h. Car.4,l. extra Warm Wellkaitted WOOL CAPS. Supplied in all shades at 1/- each Ladies' Tam o' Shanter Caps,well knitted, at t h same mice. 1/-

===== 0002601_18980325_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
648. Smart Young Lady's Costume. Well-made skirt. Bodice with prettily gathered front and Swiss shaped belt. A specially nude Cycling Skirt esa supplied. LIMPTHS sod Prices. Length in front. Win. 6s. lid.; gain. i. lid. ; 421 n. Si. Ild.; Si. 11d. eaeh. Carriage 64. extra. Skirts alone. 30. 33, &I ism. 4.. 11d. each. Outlaw 4d.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
chambers, secretary for the Warrington Land and Pro. party Company, Limited, was the first witness called on behalf of the Corporation. He said he had bought and sold a very large quantity of land in Warrington dur- ing recent years,including Bridge-st. It was not correer that Bridge-st. was the principal street in Warrington. Sankey-st.was the principal and the most important street. There were plenty of tenants in Bridge. et. who would be delighted to gat shops in Sankey-st. if they could. He had names in his books of people who wishei to do so. The Feathers Hotel was not in a position to catch any traffic from Cheshire. Just the other side of the river there were two licensed houses, both of them having good yards and plenty of accommodation. It avoided coming up a , basy thcroughfare like Bridge-street. If they did, ,they would not put up at the Feathers with the , Lion Hotel on the opposite side of the street with very much bettor accommodation. There was also the Roebuck,a much better place in every respect than the Feathers. At the Feathers the two front rooms were furnished with deal tables, so that a stranger would never go there the second time. He had been in there several tirnes,and had never seen any farmers there, but only a few personal friends. It was only patronised by people living within 300 sr 400 yards. The trade de- pended to a great extent upon the ability and energy of the person who occupied the house. Since the present tenant came the house had improved, and it might be further improved,but money would have to be spent on it in furnishing it. If the house were renovated and made more like a modern house there was no doubt more business might be done. He assessed the house, stables and yard at gross £7s,rateable £64. The amount of rates paid last year was En 14s. Bd. The house ought to be rated at £45 an the stables at £l9 or £2O.

MAZ kWATTRB MAZAWATME The Standard Brand of HAZAWATT RE Tea for FINE QUA.LITY, MAZIWATTES MAZAWATTBB DELICACY OF FLAYOUR, NI AZAWATTBE ECONOMY IN U.S. Sold by HENRY MILIAN* and Co., LIMITED. 5, Horsemarket-street, and Corporation Buildings. Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington

FLORILINE I—Fo THE TEETH AND RIM LT H —Thorovighly cleaners the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, preve ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or l.s. per jar for the Fiorillo( "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— ' Advt.

'LINSEED rONIPOUND for Coughs, Colds, Asthma. siva Bronchitis, Of Chemists only. Advt.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
"TRUE TEA," 10d.

BROOKE, BONDS

have been in the fron of the Tea Trade for eight-and-twenty years. They mean to keep in the very front. More, they mean to beat the record. Now, as always, they give the working- public the utmost possible value for their pence. E), for tho fira time in Great Britain, BROOKE BONDS Sell Tea at 10d. a

Yes, good, honest Tea, Aye, ind-M, it is

===== 0002601_18980325_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
lb.

10d.

TRUE TEA at

Tuesday, the 22cid, February, 1898. will be known hereafter as a happy day for The People, for on that day, for the first time in history, they have been:able to buy really good Tea at only

10d. a lb.

guaranteed by a Firm of the highest national reputation,

Yes, every packet of this Ten-penny T,s, bears BROOKE, BONDS' celebrated signature and registered trade-mark, which have long been known to two-millions of tea- drinkers as the best poesible guarantees of good quality.

THINK: " TRUE TEA" ig grown, curd, t.n.,1 carried half-way roan i the world then BROOKE, BONDS Pay the duty of 4d, Gn every lb. of it; then BROOKE. BONDS blend it, and yet hand it to you for only TEN PENCE a lb, IT'S A MARVEL FOR THE MONEY

No" presents "are given with Brooke, 80nd.,,' TRUE TEA, for Brooko, Bonds never dupe the working-public with " presents " or ot.l:r catch-pt,tlnv tiiekc3. Brooke, Bonds sell honest tea at honest price. ,

Brooke, B3nds' " True 'En, " s a perfect l.lend of pure, fresh, good te“B, v2.ry carefully selected, bought, and blended by the most skilful tea-experts in the Empire.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REASON WHY

BROOKE, BONDS

are the:only Tea Dealers in the Kinolotn, who aro able to sell good tea at 10d, a lb. is because, _ _

Brooke, Bonds have supplied tea to

2,000,000,

yes, TWO-IVIILLION PEOPLE every day for many yoar.? past. Thus, Brooke, Bonds. necessarily enormous purchases and sales br c ill th-im to sell every lb. of tea at only a very tiny profit.

"TRUE TEA"

is packed at Brooke, Bonds' Headquarters, undo; the personal supervision of the Principals,. and is vouched for by Brooke, Bonds' signature on the lemon-tinted wrapper, which is sealed at the end by the orange-coloured label, b ring the celebrated trade-mark of the doable- triangle or six-pointed star. From Brooke, 13ond,' great Tea Warehouses in the four cities ot London, Manchester, Leeds and Bradford, the many millions of packets are sent, securely pro- tected, direct to the Company's thousands of Agents, who sell direct to the consumers!. From the time Bnoonn, BONDS' TEA. is plucked from the tea-plant at the other side of the world until you open the sealed packet at your own table, there is no possibility whatever that it. could be tampered with, such is the extreme care taken of it. 'TRUE TEA" i 8 put up in

===== 0002601_18980325_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
11b,

10.

X :al Ib.

packets. each containing the fall net weight of Tea and priced respectively

2'

===== 0002601_18980325_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
10d.

AGENTS

BROOKE, EVERYWHERE.

Brooke, Bonds' Agents also sell ill of Brooke, Bond,' long celebrated Teas at the weil. known prices of 1/- 1/2, 1/4 1/8- 2/-, 2/4 and 2/8 a lb.,

and, suit a ean I all .O..Le es.

BROOKE BOND & Co. TEA DEALERS BY APPOINTMENT TO

LDI,

THE PEOPLEq

The Lancashire Tea Warehouses

17, PICCADILLY, and 12 & 14, LONG MILLGATE, MAi‘ICHESTER

And at LONDON, LEEDS, and BRADFORD,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
sd.

Sol.. !)},-

===== 0002601_18980325_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BOILS'

=

===== 0002601_18980325_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
ir,be "Cyaryintr" &alto

ON LANCASHIE AND CIDDDIIIIIC CoIiNTY NEWSPTP2B3: Comprises IHE Warrinyton and ifid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. ir g Earlestoson and Newton EXilnl blished every Friday afternoon. MEE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday A. afternoon.

ner, put

TrHE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning, and TiWidnes Examiner, published every Saturday rE morning

PLAID ADVBRTISHMBNTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY W•NTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRITA.TE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.

HOO9ES AND OTHER PREMISES TO RE LET OR SOLE. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 '36 45 54 las4Above charges are for PREPAYMENT only No Advertise- - 'input inserted on credit under Is. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
1B omrstlr btrbantO,

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, about 18 or 20, one able to wasb.—Apply Mn. CALPYARD. 79. South-et., Zuebelale.

WANTED, goad GENERAL. able to wash, for small family : reference.-10, STOCKTON-STREET, Mess Side Manchester.

GARDENBR (Under), 24, seeks SITUATION ; two yeare present place; good references. R J. Rm., Glpton Wood, Leeds.

NsTANTED, for small family, CIOOK-GENBRAL. 25-30, £18; good references, no washing.—Miss HOLDEN, Claymore, Bolton, Lang.

SQINIVANTS REGISTRY, good GENERAL SERVANTS can be suited at once.—Mrs. WALLER'S Registry. 34' Sankey-street, Warrington.

WANTBD, at once. respectable GEINER&L, able to wash, good references rtgnlred ; wages £l6. Mrs F AWKE -3117, Lord-street, bontbport.

WASTED, at once, reveetable Girl, from 18 to 20; able to wash; help given; good iviges.-31rs.Wiraox, 31, Aigburth-road, Liverpool.

WANTED, COOK-GBNERAL, able to wash, wages £l6 ; also HODSEMAID,about 20,wages VA.—apply Mrs. Wll.sow, Ellesmere-road, Bedell.

WANTMD. MINERAL SURVANT. only three in family. —Apply by letter; reference required, Etre, CI(13f11- LILY, Manor Houle, Uppermill, near Oldham.

WANTED. good GENERAL SERVANT. aide ta do plain cooking and a good washer. for two in family.—Letter only. Mrs. M., 73. Doming-road. Liverpool.

IVANTED. respectable GIRL about 15 to help with house- work in small family; good home. References.— Mrs. WRIGLEY. 7, Litberland-road. Bootle,Ltverpool,

WANTED, immediately COOKS, Generals, Housemaids, Housemaid-Waitress and Young Girls ; good wages paid.—Mrn GITICTOI'S Registerv, 16, Hopwcod-lane, Halifax.

Wk NT P. ;1 •.w Or after Rester strong Country GIRL. about 17. as Housems'd. nmall faintly. State age, wages. and references to Mrs. IL APPLEYAMD. Green Bank, Halifax.

vi;rANTBID Country GAIIMiAL, strong 18 to 21, family two; good home; good character; wages £l2.- Ad- -dress 'Mrs. MAINLAND 11, Bruntwood Terrace, CheAdle near Manchester.

WANTED. SITUATION as WORKING HOUSE- VV NEVEM to elderly ladv or gent(Prnan ; good ptain 4look ; tood references.—X., 53, BOUNDARY-STREET, (on-M,, Manobester

AVANTED, very good Plain COOK. not under 26; Church- woman ; aidetanee given; four in family, five ser- vants ; goon wages.--)lrs. MITCEJL. Pemba:. Stack steads. Lancashire.

WANTED, at once GENERAL, able to wash and pain cook ; four children. Nursery Governess kept, wages £l2 to £l3.—Mae. HUMPHREYS, 2, Sandringham Avenue. Waterloo.

IjDIES REQUIRING good SERVANTS, and Servants seeking best Situations any distance—Apply. Mrs. MILLINGTON, Select Regiatrv. Dawley-road, Dawley. Salop. £l3 Fourth Laundress, £lO, wanted immediately.

1:e aoble MAlfrs ea:td FLreffiX)Eolll-77,Valt 11T8V8T. I°Fffo; 70 Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr4ph.---** Nurses." Livery,"' Telephone, 670

===== 0002601_18980325_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Co bt tn.

YENKEYll.—Cottages 4s. 9d., 3s. 6d. and Rs. Bd. per week. 33, CATHERINE-STRERT, 6 roomed house, rent Is. 3d. DALLAM-L &NB FOUNDRY. WARRINGTON with Engine, Boiler, Cupola, to.. Railway Siding. 64. BEACONSFIELD TERRACE, rent 6s. 6d.

73, WBLLFIBLD STREET, rent is. 6d. <Apply Bonnier Low's Estate Agest, No. 1. Bank-street, War- rington. Telephone—No 55. 1110 L.—BP.—LARGE ROOM, taiord-street ; rent £2O Apply Amnon AND Woons, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

rro LIIT. SHOP, with LARGB ROOM over, in Ortori-et., J. rent 2t3.—Apply AIBILVON AND WOODS, Soliettors,Horee- ntarket-ttreet, Warrington.

HOWSB TO LET, WILDBRSPOOL ; Bay-windows; two sitting-rooms • kitchen ; and other conveniences Apply BOSTOCI, Builder, Wilderspool, Warrington.

frt) LET,—WAREHLUSB STABLII with rooms over. and _1 large yard attached; rent £2s.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

111011RIHISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— ..I. Apply ASHTON AND WOODfI, SOHOH,OIII, Horsemarket-Bt., Warrington.

MO Let, with immediate possession. Two large Warehouse, back Bates & Co's, Market square, close to station ; (mulls.' for storing.—Apply, H. CAPUT', Bluebell House, Wellington. Salop.

Vl' ORKSOP. —To be Sold or Let. modern detached RBSIDBNCH, three reception, five bedrooms, bath room, /VC, butler's pantry, kitchens. to. ; ground plot 1,450 square yards.—TowNsicsn, Middlevrood, near Sheffield.

SHOP AND HOUSE TO LET. Rylands-street ; suitabla for Millinery or Woollen Draper ; 4 bedrooms, dining room, cellar, kitchen. washhonee. yard. and w.c.; good thoroughfare ; rent £.3o.—Apply 14, CAIRO-87., Warrington.

T') LET. HOUSE and SHOP, at Breath. South Wales, J. Modern design ; good living accommodation; main street, near Markets. Tramways, and Railway Stations, centre of Iron, Steel, Tin, Copper and Collieries districts, soft Wholesale Dealers in Grocer. Boot and Shoe, &c.—Apply SIMMS, Alexander-street, Neath.

UMBRELLAS, UMBRELLAS, UMBRELLAS. A Large end Varied Stock to Select front at all prices. UMBRELLAS RECOVERED. In ILK from 4s. W. In half-an-hour. Tedde aupplled. Establighed upwards of 40 years. JOSEPH McCAULEY, 65. THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
SSdITII'S TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is 14d. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for IS or 33 stamps are proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex and Maly Je taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood. regi.'pte e bowels with comfort and safety, ',ate, excess in ,Ling or &inking. end are Ute maet oaduahZe at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer curia's, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walwerth-road. London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWL'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN. PLASTER, la. Ltd., per box, by post for 15 stantps ; a known core, however bad the ace. SMITH'S NVALLYABLE PILE POWDER, AND PUCTORAL FRUIT COCCHI LOZIA.NGES. SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

IDREENTS UOR Nifiw YEAR, WEDDINGS, D BIRTHDAYS,

ALSO . COINS, MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES.

On SALL a Choice selection of Presents for NSW THAR WADDINGS and BIRTHDAY, In Sll.`•Aillt, SILVBR ?LAM DIAMONDS, JEIVRLLSRY. and MISCHLLANI S• 1.- OIT Alto a fine selection of BARS COINS. MHDALs, • COIN CABINSTS,ANTIQMKCHINA and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD bought or ts,e,s In exchange. v. S. PRNNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS, AND dEWELLENS, .63 RENsfIAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Eitsbllehed 1819. Valuations for Probate.

MUSIC.

BUY YOUR PIANOS at WADSWORTH'S ORGANS at WADSWORTH'S MUSIC at WADSWORTH'S VIOLINS at WADSWORTH'S MANDOLINES at WADSWORTH'S GUITARS at WADSWORTH'S BANJOS at WADSWORTH'S AUTO-HARPS at WADSWORTH'S MBLODIONS at WADSWORTH'S MOUTH ORGANi at WADSWORTH'S WORTH'S. STRINGS and FITTINGS at WADS CASH OR HIUR SysTHM HINT TIMMS. You know the address :

- OPPWITE THE PARK, WARRING-TON.

nutation.

SBASIDR, RIVNSTEAD, Waterloo, Liverpool.—Boardlng II SCHOOL for GIRLS, conducted by the Miases PILX E R. Next term will commence January 27th.

jvl3roo, toartung cotabs.

Apartnunto, 3r eurnigbf,b Ponots.

DLACKPOOL.—APAILTMBNTS, with Cr without board; -LP borne comforts ; three minutes Talbot-road Station and 6036.-ITYDENE, Polam-road.

OtotkO, 31)umnt55t5, at.

GOOD DRESSMAKING and Drvery Business Ti) BB DISPOSED OF, owing to illness.-294, Ciarrium Rua.-Rosn, Manchester.

-FRIED FISH and CHIPS. Ranges and Potatoe Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels.—MA.unom's New 14 page Illustrated list free.-51. Lever-street. Manchester.

3111anttb.

GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery OILS; fla liberal COMMillhitol.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool.

GOOD BARI4INGS at home by the HARRISON PATENT KNITTING MACHINES.-48, UPPER BROOK-STREET, Man- chester.

YVOTING MAN WANTED. 355. per week and commission ; regular work ; splendid opealbg. Address CBMPO WORKS, Farnworth, Bolton. Lancs.

WANTBD, TRAVELLER, for this DiArict a good Commission ; sells at sight.—Jonn EMMETT, 24, Bank-street, Beetled, Lancashire.

TNDIARUBBBR and GUPTA. PERCHA WASTS of all kinds wanted for cash, best pries. givers —Write S. J. KIRKHAM AND Co., 27. King-street, Liverpool.

A MERICAN ORGANS, Jewellery, watches, pipes, toys, tl. hardware, Age, ts wanted. Buyer's Wholesale Guide free. write HIORY IAY, Merchant. Birmingham.

TOBACCONISTS Commencing. - See Did. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting oo.,lB6,linston-rd., London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free. —Mgr. H.M YEAS.

QT. CATHERINE'S BOYS' SCHOOL, WlGAN.—Wanted. IJ Certificated Assistant Master; commencing £BO ; also Assistant Mistress (Art 50) ; cornmeneing £4s.—Send copies o Testimonials.—Apply, MEAD MASTER.

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED.

MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

SPRING FASHION SHOW.

COSTUpES. THE "C t W" COAT AND SKI Ea, all Colors, 12s. 11d. ISOTIL—Thie Costume is a perfect moiel in Fit and Design, and is supplied in Black and all Colors.

CAPES.

, NEW CLOTH CAPES, Rich. Handsomely Braided 6s. 11d. This Cape in a Grand range of Colors. VELVET CAPES, trimmed Jtt and Lace, Ac., ss. lid., Bs. !id,, and 15s. lid. MILLINERY.

Fashionable SAILOR RATS "The Cardigan," le. SO. SPECIAL SHOW OF TRIMMED MILLINERY

BLOUSES. LADIES' SHIRTS for Spring. re 3 of Designs, is. 111 d., with detachable Collar .ind Cuffs.

SPRING SROW OF —,SS .SABRICS. Very Rick ASSORTMENT OF CORDUROYS. le. 60. to 2s, llid. Spring Colorings in :BENGALINE, Is. 641 to 2s. 111 41. GRAND RANGB OF SILK AND WOOL FABRICS

FINESI! SHOW OF DRESS GOODS IN TOWN.

S ILK S. Cl ILK S.

SPELN4 SHOW OF SILKS NEXT WEEK, N.B.—Before buying please inspect our Stock. Superb Collection of BLOUSE AND DIiKSS SILKS. Rich Cheek BLOUSE SILK. lod. per yard.

FUNERALS FURNISHEE) COMPLETELY.

CROSBY A.ND WALKER, LIMITED, 82, 84, 86 & 88, ( „ LDHANt STREET

MANCHESTER.

halt bp lartbatt Treatp.

GENrs i-plate GOLD LRVIIR, Payments taken 18-carat cases ; maker, Ifus 1011, Liverpool ; fully jewelled, equal to DA A new; tremendous bargain. Warranted JLVS.

GENT'S GOLD ALBERT, 9-carat Payments taken Government stamped, very 22 5s massive, almost new, very low price

EMPIRB RAZORS (hollow ground), warranted Sheffield make; post free, 2e. 6d.—T. . and J. BAMFORD, Duns- lane, Leicester.

SEND YOUR OLD FALSE TEETH to ANDREW WALKER 454, Ohester-road, Old Traffard ; best price given ; cash sent same day.

WIND GUARDS for gas jets. wont blowout. Patent,with adapter and burner 9d. each, post free.—SuiPsON, Stanley-road, Sheffield.

DENTA, • for . STOPPING DIWAYBD and HOLLOW TEETH ; a child can apply it; Price 7d.—A. U. TROWER, 29, Fenchurch-etreet, London.

OSALB, LANCIASH B IRB MANUE WORKS at Widnes with Machinery and 24,420 yards freehold land.—Ad• dress to J. iloaxneGt 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

A STONISHING HALFPENNY PACKETS t— Six A. Samples from 250 Choicest Plowersand Vegetables 4d. LIet.—WORSFOLD, Bushey grove Road, Watford.

SPRUNG FASHIONS.

SPECIAL SHOW DAYS

IN AL 14 DEPARTMENTS,

TUESDAY, WEDNVSDAY,

AND THURSDAY NEXT, MARCH 22ND, 23RD, A.ND 247 u.

Mr. ELDGLINSON, LIMITED, 46, AND 48, BRIDGE-STBEET,

WARRINGTON.

goalts op 21tattinn.

Oggs, VoAltrp, szt.

WHITS LBGIIOIIN EGGS, pure bred.3s,64. doz..earriage paid.—DEAKrx, Chesterton. Bridguorth.

EGGS from White LEGHOTINS, 2s. 6d. sitting; unfertiles replaced—Cara-Far, 166 Manchester-road, Accrington.

LIGQS from Brown or White LBGHORNS, 2s 6d eitting ; 12i unfertilee replaced.—CALTnar. 166, Afanohester-road, Accrington. •

POULTRY KBEPERS can now buy 2401b5. special mixed FOWL CORN for us. 6d., sack included and carriage paid.—Address SANDERSON AND Hurairmoom, Bridgewater- street, Liverpool.

. _._. / DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE - Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm t ~.Most delicate. It will cure the most tobstinate ease thin 12 hours. Success guarantee,o3ln e case, however long standing. THOIIB OF GENUINE TESTIMONIALS. rice 2s. 9d. ; post free 3d. extra. To be had only C. DEAN, MEDICALHBEBALIST, 113. Gray's Ina Read, Lendoe,W.o

DITTS'S FOR PIANOS, by the world renowned makers, 1 Collard, Rrard, Kirkman, &c , &c. Considerably under usual prices. Splendid selection.

ITTS'S BASSINSTTBS, Lamps. China, 0-ass, Earthen- wstre.—Magnifieent display in Show-windows. Pleasure to seen.

gtgritultural

===== 0002601_18980325_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
1

r -

.

4 •

, •, ; , , •

===== 0002601_18980325_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 1 1

•

===== 0002601_18980325_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

; • . ,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
jflarbi

FR ER TO :MEN.

_ When you are tired of Viking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive orgiins write to me and I will send you a b ok which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, :to., from whatever came arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEC- TRICITY. *ant in envelope on receipt ot two stamps for t ostage. A. J. I.Eicn,U2.s2. Gi(Et 11,,bEell-itr(ft,LCIACU. W.O

INontp.

Vablitationo.

ROCHE'S IiERBAL EMBROCATION.

ITOOPING COUGH- The celebrated efectuas HOOFING COUGH cure without internal

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS AT

1/4, 1/6, & 1/10 PIM LB.

are admitted to be THE BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED TO THE

PUBLIC. COOPER AND SAUSAGES

ARE UNEQUALLED FOR FLAVOUR AND GENERAL EXCELLENCE OF QUALITY.

COOPER A2ND CO.'S SMOKED HAMS ARE THE FINEST PROCURABLE. EVERY HAM GUARANTEED.

Fully Detailed Price List of

TEAS, GROW/RIBS AND PROVISIONS.

Free on Application. Central Warehouses—

GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON, Warrington Branch—

4, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. AND IN ALL THE CHIEF CITIES'AND TOWNS

IN THFZICINGDOXI,

I

- Tars questions which seem to The National l have most deeply move Liberal Feclera- d the dele- tion. gates at the National Liberal Federation Liberal Federation held at Leicester this week are two in num'-ier, one of them relating to a domestic and tho other to a foreign affair. The subject of domestic interest relates to the reform of the House of Lords and in this connection Mr. JOHN LLOYD-GEOHIIE, M.P., seems to have most accurately expressed the opinions of the assembled representatives of Liberalism. Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE, speaking as a Welshman, was entitled to appropriate one crumb of comfort from the fact that his own countrymen were in no way responsible for the unreformed condition of the House of Lords. It is not with the good will of the Celtic fringe " that the Peers are left in possession of the veto upon legis- lation which is used only when the Liberals are in power. It is England and England alone which needs conversion on this subject. But, as he pointed out, the present Tory Government is itself . providing arguments which will help to make the demand for "ending or mending" irressistible.. The one respectable plea for the preservation of the House of Lords as a legislative authority is. that, as a second chamber, it is a check. upon hasty or rash legislation. This is. ithe theoretical justification of the existence of the, House of Lords, and it may be admittcd thatif the practice really squared with the the theory all proposals for the reform or abolition of that, House on the ground of its anomalous consti- tution would meet with a very meagre support in the country. Practical men trouble themselves very little about the illogical methods by which the ranks of the Peers are recruited from time to time. What they do trouble themselves about, however, is the utterly ineffective and,, indeed, farcical manner in which the House of Lords exer- cises its revisory powers upon legislation. These powers are only used when Liberals are in office. No matter how crude or even scandalous the measures propounded by a Tory Cabinet may be they are accepted and endorsed almost without criticism by the hereditary chamber. The Agri- cultural Rating Bill was a monstrous example of class legislation. It is estimated by Mr. LLO GEORGE that the Rating Bill added to the value of the estates of members of the Government which framed it to the extent of £60,000 a year. There is a strong Tory majority in the House of COEII.• mons, but this Bill could not be forced through the popular House, which is responsible to the electors, except by a liberal use of gagging and guillotining resolutions. How did the Lords act when this little scheme for the spoliation of the ratepayers for the benefit of a priveleged class come before them ? Did they deal with it as they dealt with the Home Rule Bill and many another Liberal measure, and challenge the Government to appeal to the country? Not at all. As Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE aptly puts it, these guardians of the public inter- est were on th occasion too busy in lining their own pockets with the ward's money to perform their trust, and passed the Bill by a large ma- jority. Other schemes of class plunder have found

ft place on the statuts books through the instrumentality of the present Government, and not in one instance has the House of Lords Proved itself to be tho guardian of the public in- terests. "A bone," says Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE, "was thrown to tho watch-dog while the house was robbed. Two millions to the landlotds, £BOO,OOO to the parsons, £750,000 to the Irish landlords ; when, does it come from? It comes from the fund set apart for the poor, the broken, the infirm and the aged. The landlord and the

Parson have broken into the poor-box; they have

robbed the poor and they will pay the penalty if there is any honour in England at the next elec- tion." This pungent exposure of the short-com- ings of the House of Lords evidently voiced the Sentiment of the National Liberal Federation, and the manner in which the question of tlae Peers Veto was received at Leicester is one more indica- tion that the obstructions of the hereditary cham- ber will be faithfully dealt with when the Liberal Party once more regains power. The question oi foreign policy was referred to A by Mr. JOHN MORLEY in a powerful speech de- livered at the mass meeting held at Leicester on Wednesday. In Mr. MORLEY'S opinion the foreign relations of the country are in a too criti- cal condition to permit of merely party criticism. lie does not attempt to disguise the fact that there are serious dangers ahead, and all he asks is that the Government should formulate a policy With regard to both China and West Africa that Will meet with the approval of the countfy geterally. This is a reasonable demand. No )3rltish Government can deal firmly and con- listently with foreign powers unless it has the full weight of public opinion behind it, and the

Bupport of that public opinion can only be Obtained by a sound national policy. As far as is concerned the country is left in doubt as t° which leg our Government wishes to • stand up-

_ °II. It was at first announced that the only in-

terest of this country was to be found in keeping all "open door" for trade in China—in other words, le asserting the principle of free trade with the Nnesc. That line of policy mot with general aPProval. But more recently our own Govern- Out has displayed a disposition to join in the service upon Chinese territory. There has ap- Parently been an attempt to bring a portion of China within our sphere of influence, with the almost inevitable result that other Powers have been stirred into renewed activity. It is clear, therefore, that Mr. MORLEY can not be accused of being over-critical when he asks the Government to define its foreign policy.

A brief debate upon the merits Compazisol. and dJaisrit-4 of the educational system that took place in the House of Commons on Tuesday should be followed with interest by all who are in- terested in education. It arose upon a motion by Sir Jolla LUBBOCK stating " That it is desirable to assimilate the provisions of the English Edu- cation Code, as regards class and special subjects, to thossia the Scotch Cods of 1897." On the face of it this motion seems to be calculated to further the instruction of the young, yet it was opposed by some of those whose zeal for education is be- yond question. The reasons for this opposition are in the highest degree suggestive. It appc 1:s that What is suitable for Scotch schools is not suitable for English, for the two reasons that children re- tain longer at school in Scotland than in this cone trY and that the teaching staffs are, as a rule, ' more efficient in the northern Kingdom than in 111. ngland. According to Arr. Yoxat,t, an authority, 14 Scotland there is a higher percentage of adult tAlehers, a larger proportion of whom are certifi- 4ted, the school attendance is better, and the Scholars remain till a later age. Sir WILLIAM H B.a- -I:l3lm:pointed the moral of the discussion when he d that in the opinion of those most competent to 4,11(10 we have not got the material or machinery in_ttlis country for 'giving to English subjects a ;cora education. In view of this, he asked, what the arg,ument so of ten heard lately that the i:.°arcl Schools were given too high an education. rs concluded that education was better in Scot- :lid because the Scotch people thoroughly under- °od the practical value of it, and he urged the tt,eecl ef a scheme of secondary education in Zingland.

The discussion at the Town Council meeting upon Councillor H. Roberts' motion brings out one fact :terY Clearly, namely, that the Gas Committee has been in the habit during the last few years of %imaging its affairs more as though it were a private concern rather than a branch of the Corporation. The financial transactions which V*onncillor Roberts referred to appear to be extra- Ordinary enough in themselves, but the most extra- trdinary thing of all is the apparent ignorance of the Coun,!il as a whole of the business of the Gas Collolittee. The report asked for in the motion lalould be provided without any needless delay, if °MY for the purpose of supplying members of the Council with the informatitin that is necessary to 'enable the to understand tbe position of the gas department.

1

If there be no withdrawals by Tuesday next,con- :tests for seats on the Board of Guardians will be held in five of the Warrington districts on the 4th 4Pril, In two or three cases the results will be awaited with special interest. We think it may be ttlicen for granted that Mrs. Edelaten will be the Ilan member for Orford ward. If Mr. W. J. Shaw, 'iler opponent, is rash e2ough to persist in going to Mrs. Edelsten's majority will probably be as tieCisive as that by which Hrs. Clay was returned, .1 few years ago, for Whitecross ward. Mrs. Clay's mection was, in its way.an experiment, but that ex- 13erinient has, even in the opinion of those who 'were hostile at the commencement, been decidedly 141, aeessful, and there can be little doubt that the rooters of Orford ward will decide that another .„itcl3' repreaentative on the Board of Guardians will uo for the advantage of all concerned in poor-law :Cilainistration. :Mrs. Edelsten has, for some time, er,e,ell aleMber of the Ladies' Visiting Committee a'aectud with the Union and will,therefore, not be ItZiee in the work of the Board of Guardians. The th Tr. R. Drummond and Mr. James Battersby are Alt-htW° candidates nominated for St. John's ward. (k):°11g11 Mr.Blttersby is the nominee of the Trades teeil, it is not likely that any workingman alec- will be in any doubt as to the candidate woo rn co a"''e the best representative. Mr. Drummond the 011P1cuonlly qualified to discharge the duties of thin:lee he seeks, and his return is, we should udi:l)iactically certain. Dr. McCarthy has been rtitte'd to oppose Mr. Pilling in Fairfield ward, and ii - did c: will make an excellent and formidable can- to tail claims upon this district are superior Pra °se of M". Pilling. He resides in the ward and ItotcitiBes his profession there, and is well known to tof the inhabitants. He would, it is needless ii-'oltBay, make an exceptionally good member of the rd of Guardians. Ton&e, 269 Commencing ,—See Illustrated Guide London. 4t. T0b.1.0.19,11,3te 0.1t5 tiag C)..183, Huston-road Ilairdreners fitted.—Mauer H. DITEEs.

Outside the town there will, according to the nominations, be contests at Penketh, and Poulton- with-Fearnhead. At Penketh, the retiring member Mr. Dignum, is opposed by Mr. R. B. Matthews, but it is not expected that there will be any change in the representation. Mr. Dignurn has represented the township for a considerable number of years, and his past services will commend him to the electors. The contest at Poulton-with-Fearnhead will be of an interesting character. The three candidates for the one seat, Mr. H Thornton, Mr. W. Bennett, and Mr. CL Mather, are all well-known local residents. Mr. Thornton, however, possesses one special advantage. He has been chairman of the Parish Council for two years, and during that period has been active and successful in improving and developing the district. As the representative of the township on the Highway Board he has closely and effectively looked after the interests of the locality,and these past services give him a claim upon the electors which will probably carry him to the top of the poll.

WAJUUNGTON. PERSONAL. 33. r. Starkey, stationmaster at Bank Quay, on the London and North-Western Railway, has been pro- mo..,ed to the position of goods manager at Edge nil!. Mr. Starkey has been stationmaster at Warrington about four years. BURNING ACCIDENT. .

A child of three named nel:ozT.ca Jones,living with her parents in Ireland-street, off Winwic&-road, met with a serious accident on Monday afternoon. By some means her clothes became ignited whilst standing near the fire, with the result that she Sus- tained serious injuries to her lace and arms. She was conveyed to the Infirmary where she now lies. DELICIOUS lIIAZAWATTEH TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS INIAZA.WATTEh' TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEH TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA Sold by HENRY MILLING and Co., LIMITED, 5 liorsema •ket-street, and Corporation Buildings. 31e Wholesale and Retail Agents tor Warrington HOSPITAL SUNDA.Y.

Hospital Sunday was observed in Warrington on Sunday, when special sermons were preached and collections taken in most of the places of worship in Warrington on bblialf of the Infirmary. Ihe amount of the collection will be found in another column. A DAMP DROP.

On Tuesday afternoon an employ 6 of Mr. Cotton, engineer, Scotland-road, was working on a bhed at Messrs. Bishop and Co.'s wharf, on the banks of the Mersey, at Bridge-foot, when he fell into the water, a distance of about thirty feet. Fortunately, the tide was at the full at that time, and he escaped injury. Ile was got out of the water by some work men. SPIRITUALISM. Miss S. Scott, of Rochdale, was the speaker at the services on Sunday and Monday. There were good audiences, and Miss Scott delivered plain and practical addresses bearing on the philosophy of Bpiritualism, and gave a few goad demonstrations in clairvoyance and psychometry.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
INDRPENDENT LABOUR PAR'S:.

At the weekly meeting of the above, held in the Druids' Hall, on Sunday evening, Mr. J. Bell gave an address on " Christianity and Socialism." Mr. Scott occupied the chair, and read a portion of the Epistle of St. James. The speaker said they must distinguish between creeds, religion, and Christ- ianity, and to obtain a true conception must go back to Christ himself. After reviewing His life, teaching, and acts, and having drawn from them , His essential precepts, the speaker went on to show I how Socialism and Christianity ha-monized. There was no antagonism between them, but Socialism was the attempt to carry out in social and indus- trial life the principles of true Christianity. An I interesting and spirited discussion followed the address, and after the speaker had replied the meet- ing closed. Tx MILTON SAYS SUSTAIN I Loss OF £4,000. Damage estimated at from £7,000 to £B,OOO was caused by a fire which broke out at Avenham-street Mill, Preston, early on Monday morning. The build- ing was formerly a large spinning mill belonging to Me,srs. Herrockses and:Jackson, but was partially destroyed by fire in 1879, and was not reconstructed The remaining portion of the old mill, which was built forty years ago, was tenanted by a variety of tradesmen,and in that portion where the fire origin- ated were a joiner's shop, a slipper monufacturer, the Milton Rays theatrical scenery, a lithographers workshop, and bakery. The fire, though small when the brigade arrived, rapidly gained ground and burned its way from the third storey to the top of the building—a six-storied one, and the building was entirely gutted by four o'clock. The Milton Rays are losers to the extent of £4,000. MAZAWATTEE MAZAWATTEB Dkuctous MAZAWA.TfER FRAGRANT, lIIAZAWATTSM REFRESHING. MA.ZAWATTEM ECONOMICAL. MAZAWATfRa Bold by HENRY MILLING and Co., LIMITED, 5 Horsemarket-street, and Corporation Buildings. Role Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington. WARRINGTON FIELD CLUB. On Friday evening last at the annual and ento- mological meeting of the above club there was a good attendance and a beautiful display of insects arranged by various members. Afuer these had been inspected Mr. William Mounfield described his ex- hibits, and made some remarks on the entomologi- cal work of the past year. Mr.Womersley then read some brief notes on the habits of certain ichneu- mons, insects related to the wasps, whose practice of piercing the soft bodies of caterpillars and de- positing therein the eggs which on becoming larva prey on their renders them a vexation of spirit to the ardent lepidopterist. Mr. Womersley's observa- tions were deemed to possess a permanent value, and he was asked to deposit a copy of his notes amongst the official records of the club. Mr.B.Fair- clough exhibited some specimens of eats, and gave a lucid account of some recent experiments and re- searches intended to secuse greater weight and better quality of grain. Mr. Greening exhibited two bottles of interesting Malagasy spiders,Gasterocantha formosa, which have such curiously-shaped bodies that they look like prickly knobs of dead bramble rather than what they are, cruel natural traps for unsuspecting flies. The secretary's report was then submitted and adopted, the .usual votes of thanks were accorded. Mr. J. Shaw Green was elected chair- man, and Mr. A. J. Jolley was re-elected secretary. For RAM B BROOCHES, solid silver name }brooches 10d. any name (Government stamped. Presents or Articles for yourself, you may visit MART'S, 10, CHURCH-naI:CRT, LIVERPOOL, where you can get hundreds of articles sue- as Watches, Clocks,Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cutiery,Pursee, Pocket Knives, etc., at wholesale prices. See advertisement 'lllustrated Chronograph Watch. 6s. 11d., etc.) on page 7 of this Paper.— (del. PRIZE DISTRIBUTION IT THE LIBERAL CLUB. On Wedn esd a y evening the reading room at the Liberal Club was well-filled on the occasion of the peesentation of prizes won in the Christmas billiard handicaps. The proceedings took the form of a smoking concert, and the chair was occupied by Councillor Tinnion. Mr. A. H. Crosfield (president of the club), though absent at Cannes remembered the club in a way which was much appreciated. He telegraphed wishing tlissmembers every success,and sent a box of choice flowers for distribution. Songs were rendered in good style by Messrs. R. Ander- ton, J. Chappell, A. Graenhalgh, and the Chairman while Mr. Butterworth gave a couple of recitations in his inimitable atyle. The distribution of prizes by the chairman was an amusing feature of the programme. Those recipients who were present were called upon for a speech or a song, and complied with the best grace possible. The prizes were as follows :—Large room handicap, let prize, tea service nnd tray, S. J. Beaman ; 2nd, cruet, F. Jonee • 3rd, dressing case, W. Stephens ; 4th, egg stand, I. Bowen; bth, set of carvers, J. Chappell; 6th, brass clock, A. Greenhalgh ; 7th, barometer, 0. Toole ; Bth, knives and forks, R. Baker; 9th, set of bronzes, J. Jeffrey; 10th, J. Rigby,motor car; 11th, copper kettle, E. V. Walker; 12th, mirror J. Davies; 13th, G. Strange, set of spoons; 14th, R Craddock, set of carvers; 15th, J. Jennings, toast rack ; 16th, M. Butterfield, toast rack. Sub,criptisn room handicap, let prize, F. Jones, marble clock ; 2nd, cruet, E. Sanders; 3rd, tea pot, M. Butterfield; 4th, hot water jug, J. Jennings ; 50, knives and forks, J. Halliwell ; 6th, kettle, W. Warburton ; 7th set of brlonq, J. Sankey ; Bth, set barometer, spoons, P. Brown: 9th, carvers, S. Diassey ; 1 Berry. The chairman proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Crostield in eloquent terms, and this was ably seconded by Mr. Butterfield, who dwelt upon Mr. Crostield's usefulness and generosity us a president. CADBURY'S 00031. has a world-wide reputation as a deli- cious, strengtkening beversge, a..d a valuable nutritive food, The "Lancet" says it represents the standard of highest purity.; Always insist on having CADBURY S—sold only in ' Packets and Tins—as other Comma are often substituted for the sake of extra profit.—Adas. (2)

RUN '2OR N AND %/JON F,S.

A BARGE AGROUND.

The barge" Sloop Messenger " of Carnarvon, laden with coal from Widnex,which went a grouad off Dittiu flank, en the 23rd of February, was released by the tide on Tuesday, the 22ud inst. There was apparently no damage. "THE LADY OF THE LAKE."

_ The ab3vn was the title of the subject introduced by the President of the Runcorn Pickwick Society at their weekly meeting on Tuesday evening The speakers on the paper were Messrs. J. Douglas, Boonton and Booth. The essayist was warmly congratulated on his excellent paper, and the meeting closed,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
LEAGUE OF TIM CROSS,

----- The usual weekly ladeeting ot the above society was held on Sunday evening in the League Rooms, drwell- lane, Runcorn. Recitations were given In Masters Lock- mar, and Mosedale. Mr. W. Woods also contributed two funny readings. Votes of thanks were passed to the persons named for contributing to the enjoyment of the members, and the meeting terminated. " GAS " EXISIBITION AND LECTORS AT RUNCORN. "--

_ On Monday evening next Mr. S. Taylor, J.P. will open an exhibition of the well-known" Wilson" patented gas cooking and heating stoves, gas fires, gas washing coppers, etc., in the Bethesda Lecture Hall. Admission will be free, and in addition to the interest which must be attached to such an exhibition, during the five days on which it is open, Mrs. C. F. Pitcher, (principal of the Streatham School of cookery, Lundell), will deliver nine practical cookery lectures, at 3 and 7.30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
1: NCORN BETEIRSDA PS. A.

The usual we,•kly meeting of the Runcorn Dongrega- tional P.S.A. Swiety was held on Sunday afternoon, tho chair being occupL,d by Dtr. Slade. The Rev. George Whitfield gave it6l 014 "purity of speech." A duet was sung by Mr. E. Wrrall, and Mr. Millington, en- titled "David and Goliath." A solo entitled "flonour and Arms" (Samion) was also rendered by Mr. IL Mil- lington. The S,cretary announced the arrangements of the open meetioz on Sunday, which included as chair- man Mr. James liandiey, 0.0., and several musical items.

TEE MONEY LENDING ENQUIRY. On Wednesday eveutry, ttre usual wpiekly meeting of the Brunswick Mutual Improvement Societ7 was held under the prepilnricv of Mr. T.Simister. The evening's programme t- th- form of a question lox, the two chief querie, " What benefit wid ultimately derive trqrn Lenuin.g Enquiry ?'' and" h there ono :+30,7 tOr tt,) ri and one N or t rlB poor P The av-iakerp weri; 11^ J. Dm..71,..n, 'lr. V. Millington, Mr. J. Millington, Mr. T. Sadadea, and the Chairman.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVING A JOLLIFICATION ON A. FRIEND'S. £3O.

John Ball, a sailor, was charsfed with being drunk and disorderly in High-st. the previous day.—P.C. Bowyer stated that at 3.Z0 the previous afternoon he W 8.9 on duty on the canal bank when his attention Was called to the prisoner in High-st. On the way to the police station he became very rough.—Prisoner stated that he had born out with a friend who had receiv:o £3O and they ware having a little jollification with the money. Ile WAR not accuatomed te it, and the drink—rum and beer—they had did not agree with hino,--9. fine of 101. and 54. Bd. , costs was imposed. RUNCORN AND THE TRISH FAMINE. - •

A special meetiug of the members of St. Edward's Catholic Church congregation was held on Sunday after- noon, in th 3 League of the Cross Rooms, for the purpose of taking steps towards alleviating the condition of the peasantry in South West Ireland, who are in want. The pastor, the Rev. Father Gore,occupied the chair,and there were also present Messrs. Donnellan, :McCartney, Qoinn, and , others. The rev. chairman spoke 01 the sad sate of aff4lin some parts ..f Ireland. A coinnsrs aittetepr:senftt existinghreegelemen was formed to make !arrangements for opening a fat .d. Another meeting wns held in the Presbytery on Monday evening when it was decided to appeal for suppart to the outside public. WESTON PAntsat COUNCIL. meeting of this Council was held at the Schools, Weston Point, on Friday evening. Mr. Rosenberg was ! voted to the chair.—The Clerk read the following latter ' from Mr. E. Marshall, secretary te the Runcorn Urban District Council :—" Dear Sir,—l at directed by the Urban District Council of Runcorn te ask if your Coun- cil will be good enough to meet the Highways and Build- ings Committee of the said rban District Council to discuss the question of the making .f a dirt road Iron Weston Point to Runcorn. Mr Council will be glad if you can see your way to accede to their request at an early date "—The Chairman thought this would he a qnestion for the new Pariah Council to deal Basnett was of the same °pink-m -0n the molon of the Chairman it was decided to alio w the matt.r to start 4 over for the ninsid-n.ation of the ne,v Council. CANAL MYSTERY &T RUNCORN. - -

The sadden disappearance of a man named E lwani Carlon, of Granville-street, Runcorn, has been reported to the police. Investigations havo ti,en made but th, man bas not yet turivai up. On Merida v morning a cap was found on the canal bank near the OH Qmev. The cap was smeared with blood, and blood stains were all abour the ground on which the cap was found. There was also Bid in coppers found near the cap. The cap has been identified as the one worn by Carlon and grave suspicions are aroused as to his safety. He was at home on Saturday night about ton o'clock.fie has la..en suffer- ing from the effects of influenza, and on the day of his disappearance he seemed to be rather strange in his manner, remarking to a friend that he did not know what to do with hiin.elf. He WAS last seen by amu named Thomas Stanton in Morsev.streer, near the Ship Canal, about eleven o'clock on Saturday night. Grip. piing operations were commenced on Monde), and continued up to late at night, but without any result. PRESENTATION TO MR. SNITETON, RUNCORN. - _

The usual Sunday afternoon meeting of the St. Paul's Men's Bible Class, Runcorn. was hold on the Sabbath. very interesting and instructive address was delivered by Mr. R. 11. Posnett on " Charity." Mr. Knight gave an excellent rendering of " The Better Land "on the cornet, and Mr. Craddock's rendition of" Melodie " Porde) on the flute was very sweet and feeling. Me. Leathwood gave " When the roll is called up yonder " and Mr. Bowyer gave an organ sole. Before the meet- ing closed, Mr. Crosby referred so their late president, Mr. Kniveton, who was at present struck down with a severe illness. He (Mr. Crosby) had much pleasure in proposing that the amount of £l3, which had been col- lected during the last fortnight from the members of the class and others, for the purpose of presenting an illumi- nated address to Mr. Knivetoa as a token of their esteem and appreciation of his services in the pas, should be presented to him in the form of a cheque. Mr. Coven- try seconded, and said be heartily agreed with the pro- position. The resolution was put to the meeting and carried. It was also moved and carried that the hoart- felt sympathy of the claaa should be conveyed to Mr. Kniveton in his present illness, with the earnest desire that he viould soon be restored to health. DELICIOUS M&Z kWATTBE ern Le CI CUB MAZ aWATTBE DRLICIOUS MAZA.WATTRE DELICIOUS MAZAWATTER Recalls the cholee Teas ot thltv years ago. Bold Iy HENEY MILLING and Co.. LIMITED, 5, Idorsemarket-street. and Corporation Buildings, sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington. Tin ALLEGED Tamers FROM lit:manta Boers.

Before Mr. A. R. Norman at the Runcorn Police Court on Friday morning', Themes Trelfer of Wivern Place, Runcorn,was slurged on remand with stealing three ropes, and 50 fathoms of rep., the prnnerty nf Joseph Shallcross, from the flat Snaefell, on the 3rd inst. Similar evidence to that which has already appeared was giyon,and Tr,lfor ”749 committed to the S•saiona for trial.—ln the afternoon, the prirener was again broucht up before Mr. W. Tim mine and charges of stealing a strop rope and a lock ropn, the property of Jonathan florsefielii,and a line of whip belonging to James E tqt•un, were preferred ag,ainat him. Several witnesses havi',s! been called, the prisoner when asked what he had to say,rep'ied "I was not there. I saw ths whip on James Eastup's boats as we went up the canal, and have seen his non driving with it." He was committed for trial at the Quarter Sesainns.—lnspector Hicks said it had come to Elia knowledge that some of the prisoner's friends in court had threatened that they would mob the witnesses who bad given evidence, arid he asked the mag.istrate to warn them that they would be punished if they carried out their threats.—Mr.Timmins said if any persons were brought before the Court for such conduct they would be dealt with very severely. PM IN CHRIST CHURCH WESTON POINT.

The Runcorn Fire Brigade was called out shortly after two o'clock on Saturday morning to a fire which had broken out in the tower of Christ Churcig, Weston Point. The fire had obtained a fait hold of the tower before the brigade arrived on the scene. There was a good brefze, and this hplp^,l the flames to susickly en- velope the top part of the tower. As soon as the firemen arrived at the church they commenced operations, an abundant supply of water, as the church is surrounded by the locks and the Ship Canal, was at the disposal of the firemen. A loud crash was heard, which afterwards was found to have been caused by the falling of the church bell and clock, which were smashed to atoms. The flames had become master of the situation, and the men endeavoured to confine the bingo to the tower, which was completely gutted. The interior of the tower was destroyed, and considerable damage done to the surPlices,alms-plate,and other furniture. The origin of the fire in a mystery. During the previoul afternoon several men were engaged in the church,and when they left at 6.30 in the evening even-41f ng was ancarentlyall right. The damse'e,•vhich is estimated at £soo,is covered by insurance. IstForm %Hon of the fire was received at Runcorn by the police through the telephone, the rnes- sage being sent Ciy Louis Rosenberg, who had been informed of the affair us' a lollt tenter,named William Savage. DELICIOUS IVIAL %MATTER, DELICIOUS MAZ tWATTEB. DELICIOUS MAZ %MATTER. DELICIOUS MAZAWATTBE, l Dainty. Pare Refreshing. Soli by HENRY Mittiaaa Ind Co., LIMITED, 5 Iloreemarket-street and Corporation Buildings. Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington.

CONCERT AT TEM SEAMillell MISSION.

There was a large attendance at the above mission rooms on Tuesday evening, when a concert was given under the chairmanship of Mr. W. STIAW, sen. The fol- lowing was the programme :—Song and tableaux " Santa Claus " children. (encored) ; recitation, " The Fireman's Wedding," F. Brockley ; song and tableaux, " The very worst girl in school," A. Coward, and L. Shaw. (encored), Fan drill duett "An old sweet greet- ing," E Dyer and E. Smith (encored); song," Won't you buy my pretty flowers." A. Beckett ; duet, " Where are you going to my pretty maid," L and W.Stlaw(encored); song and tableaux, "The Dirty Boy," children(encored); song and tableaux, "The Seasons," children ; pianoforte solo, Mr. J. Price ; recitation, "Which shall it be," F. Brockley (encored); song, " Gipsy's warning," E Dyer ; Ten little nigger boys (encored); recitation, "My Shadow," L.Shaw; duet," Pretty pond lilies," E. Dyer and E. Smith; so:1g and tableaux, ":Dick Whittington," children (encored). The items were well received and round after round of applause was given to the young artistes. Mr. Shaw proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly arranged the affair. The motion was seconded by Mr. E.Abrams and carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBSERY AT WISTO/f_ POINT

At the Runcorn Police Station on Wednesda7 morniag before Mr. S. Taylor, and Mr. A. H. 11)rinan, Samuel Didabury, of Five Crosses, Frodshans, was charged with stealing 7e. 9d the previous day, the monies of Peter Coyle, of Weston Paint.—BeAtrice Annie Coyle,daughter of the prosecutor, said the prisoner had been in the em- ploy of her father at the Weaver Hotel, Weston Plint. On Tuesday he was in the bar drinking. S. supplied him with three pints of beer for whic‘i he did not pay. He asked her to lend him 6d,but she refused, and owing to his behaviour she ran into 'Another room to speak te the domestic servant. They came to the bar and saw the prisoner leaning over the counter. The servant rushed at him, and caught hsld of his hand which con- tained some money. He broke away from them, and j gave them a two shilling piece, and told them to say nothing to Mr. Coylo about it. When he hadgens they searched the till and found 7s 9d I missing. P.C. Bancroft said he was acquainted with the affair and went in search of tie pri 1 soner, and found him in the Village Inn, at Weston, the same afternoon. Witness searche 1 him an und in his trousers' pockets 31. In his rule pocket tcv. two shilling pieces and half a Crown, and in his stockings he found 6d. He charged him edth the theft and he pleaded guilty. He was further cnargwl with indecently expos- ing himself at the sarl3,,i time and place,but as there was no 6ufficien; evidei.ne prove the charge, the ease was withdrawn. For the nffenne of stealing leu was,fined 20a. including costs. Tue money was paid.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE GRANTING OF DEATH CERTIFICATES.

ALLEgED CARELESSNESS OF A DOCTOR.

T relative to the death of James Lydhiae adjourned j ed iiY the fonts old child of John and Clara Lydia% of:ittidgewater-street,Runcorn,who died on the 12ltrt, M hi"st'r,9l.4Es.tldrsole, rone on Thursday morning at the Police Co ,presiding. The inquiry was adjourned f n last Thursday in order to have the doctor nresent who gave the death certificate. The first witness called was the father of the de- ceased. He said he was a labourer at Salford Docks. The child had been ailing from birth. It was taken to Dr. Wray Strange's surgery when they lived in Salford. The child was brought to Runcorn by his wife on the 9th March and on the 12th it died. His wife wrote to him stating that the child had died and requested him to get a cartifieate of its death from the doctor. Witness went to the surgery and saw the doctor who treated the deceased. He said he had called for a death certificate fir James Lydiate. H asked when the child died, and witness replied 4.30 on Saturday morn- ing. The doctor asked the date when the child was brought to the surgery, but he could not tell him. 114 did not ask witness anything else. The doctor gave him a certifioate, but he could not say whether the one praduced was the one or not, as he did not look at it,but serit itaw i av by post to his wife in Runcorn. He saw the gentlemana court who gave the certifieate, By Dr. D)U.13.11 He never told him where the child died, because he did not think it would make any difference. Henry Dougall said he was an M. 8.. of the Edinburgh University. He was acting as asaistaet to D. Wray Strange, in Salford. Witneei I 49t !43%, rho obild at the surgery on the 4th of March. He had seen the child I once before. The father came to him for a certificate on th? 12th March. Tne certificate produced was the one WUriotS eave to him. Ton Coroner : Toe certificate states the child was a month eld. That is not the right age. Witness : The cattier gave in,, that. I simply asked him tee age, :oat no said 5 inanth. ' The Coroner : Tile certificate also states that you last saw the c:iilid on tile 11th March. Teat is not time. rect.

Witness : No. Tne Coroner : The certificate forther states that the child died on the 12th Mixon, at 50. henry-et., That is Rot correct ? Witness : N. 1 did net ask whin?. the child died. I naturally nook it that it had died in Salford. I asked him when I s,Ur the child IE, and ha Said the 11th of March. He did not say at tne time that he did not know. The Coroner : 'The certificate also states that the child hid bran soffering from whoopi ,g cough, and its dura- tion was a month. Toe certificate pointed out that the child started with a cougn within a minute or tw , of its birth. Teat is another inaccuracy. By Superintendent Okell, who represented the police : He thoacht ttio man was sober when he called foe the certific ate. The Coroner : Can you offer any other explau itian for the inaccuracies. Witness : I was busy at the tire*. The Coroner : Do ycu offer that as a special explana• tion. Witness ; Oh, no ! The Coroner: You did not ask him where the child died, and so you did not write it from what he sail Witness : I asked him wheideor it was 59, Honry-it., but he did not ask where the child died. the Coroner : It was not accurate to say that the information was taken from the man, By Mr. T. Lea (a juror) : It was not usual to t4k where a child died, By another juror : It was usual to give a certillAate even if he had not seen the child for twelve day.. The Coroner said this inquest was originally op ied on 17th of March, and i was opened and held by o in, lc consequence of information Which he received from the police. Tf Cooke, akcens latter communicated with him in consequonce Rathneorn from Mr. T. o re. Io his letter orfecdeei:tehds i by n to the police Mr. Cooke included the medical certifielta of the cause of death. The certillcatA Corth meue registrar icatio a was signed by the doctor who granted it. The registrar ascertained that the age of the child was two months and that the child had died at Runcorn and not at Salford. He thereupon declined to register the death and communicated with the police. Re (the Coroner) previous to holding the first inquiry had written to the doctor asking him to attend as it was in his interest to du so. Ile received a reply from him in the following terms. " I have to thank you very roach for your courteous letter of to- day, and lane sorry I cannot attend to give a personal explanation of my carelessness in granting the certificate of death in Use case of James Lydiate. On the Saturday I wrote the certificate, I was extremely busy, and on the mention of the child's death I remembered Owe case, as the name to me was rather peculiar. I Asked him when I saw it last and was told yesterday (he 11th) asel without looking up my bo9it. Frmoty tided in the certificate under the full impre.ision that I had seen the child the day hstore, And the.; it had died in Salford. This explanation does not excuse ins for not making stricter inquiries about the death, but I trust you will believe me when I say that the certificate was signed by me in all good taith." He (the corner) thought that was a very proper letter and he was inclined to believe it. He did not think that the doctor made as full inquiries from the father as he should have done. The ceititicate in this case was given by the doctor in a great hurry, he having jumped to the conclusion that the child was a month old and that he saw it on the 11th March. If lie (the Coroner) thought otherwise proceedings would be instituten. The jury thee returned a verdict that the child died from whooping cough,

NORTNIIIM UNlON.—rhe following appointments were made on Thuisday for friendly matches to-morrow : Rochdale Hornets v. Halifax, referee J. Bruckshaw (Stockport) ; Birkenhead Wanderers • Swinton, referee J. Priestley, (Broughton Rangers) ; Warrington v Man- gingham, referee, J. Underwood oi igao. S -nior Competition matches April 2 : Broughton Rangers v Warrington, referee W. M'Cutcheon (Oldham), touch judges J. Underwood (Wigan),and J. E. Farrell (Widnes); Widnes vat. Helens, referee F. Kennedy (Broughton Rangers), touch judges W. Wright (Runcorn) and G. H. Tongs (Salford) •, Runcorn V Oldham, referee J. Bruck.. shaw (Stockport) ; touch judges T. J. Fearnley (Tyldes- ley) and J. A. Muires (Broughton Rangers) ; Swinton v Rochdale Hornets, referee J. H. Smith (Widnes), touch judges J. Graham (Si Helens) and J. Beard (Stockport); Murcastibe v Stockport, referee from Yorkshire ; touch judges C. Jones (Salford) and J. H. Houghton (St. Helen'). Secnssrox TO TRH NOIITMILM UNTON.—On Thursday night a meeting of the members of the Castleton Moor Football (Ruby Union) was held to take into considera- ' tion the position of the ebb. Complaints were made that the Rugby Union had no:, fulll.l.:u their promise to provide the club with good fixtures, and the result had been a serious financial loss. After considerable dis- cussion. it was unanimously decided to join the Northern Union.

At a meeting of the Watch Committee of the Manches- ter City Council on Thursday Mr. Robert Peacock, Chief Constable of Oldham, was chosen to succeed Mr. C. Malcolm Wood as head of the police force of the city.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
S ViTAGE ASSAULT ON A. FR,ODSHAM SCHOOLMISTRESS.

SEQUEL TO CANING A GUILD.

--- - A married worn ,n named Elizabeth Antrobus cf Fred- sham was chargad on a warrant at the Frodsham Police Court on Saturday,before Messrs. A. Thomas(chairman) and J. Ockleston, with assaulting Mary Roberts,at Frod- sham on Tuesday, the 15th day of March. Mary Roberts, headmistress at the National Schools. Frodaham, stated that on Tuesday morning 15th March, MS she called a number of children out who had been absent from school. Amongst those who came out was the prisoner's girl who said "if you cane me my mother will came to you this afternoon. She did not cane her then, but she was obliged to do so about 20 minutes to 12 for disobedience. When witness came back to school from dinner about 20 minutes past one,the prisoner was at the school door waiting for her. She asked her what she had caned her girl for, and she said "What do you think I have caned her for ?" Prisoner then struck her in the breast and knocked her in the cloak room. Witness said she could not stand this and would suminona her. Toe prisoner then said if she was to be summoned she would give her something to summon her for. She struck her again in the face and under the jaw. Witness did not remember anything more. Frederick William Spencer, Main-street, Frodsham, stated that about 1.30 p.m. on Tuesday 15'1 March, he was in Church-street near the schools when he saw the prisoner and Miss Roberts. They were having words, and he saw the prisoner lift her hand to strike the com- plainant and they both fell into the cloak room. The complainant said she would summon her and then the prisoner made use of very bad language and struck the complainant in the face and under the jaw. Miss Roberts was dazed by the last blow and witness sent ' for Dr. Selby and he removed her home in a cab. Sergeant Clays stated he met the prisoner and asked her what the disturbance was about. She said she had Riven her a good hiding, and would give her some mere if she caned her child. She also said that she would , swing for her. Mr. Steward ,one of the managers of the school,stated to the Bench that the committee had instructed him to press the case as tly-y wanted it to be known that par- enta could not,and must not, go to the school and in^er- ' fere with the mistress or teachers in any way, but must make any complaint to the committee. Prisoner was committed to prison for three months with hard labour and bound over in the sum of £lO to keep the peace for six months,or go to gaol for an addi- tional three months.

The Chairman warned the public about interference, and said that teachers must be protected.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RITNOORN FOOTBALL NOTES.

Runcorn's glorious career in the Cop C,mpetition has at last been checked. But, it is somewhat a consolation to know that their progress has not been stayed by an inferior, but by the best club in the Lancashire section of the Northern Rugby Union. I( was hardly expected that Runcorn would survive Saturday's encounter al. though a few cherished pleasant hopes that Runcorn might manage to leave the arena as victors of the day. This was not so, as is shown by the result. The meeting was undoubtedly the titbit of the third round and it was not surprising that the rails that separated the field of play from the other part of the ground, were peered. The increased price of admis.ion evidently did not Mter many from witnessing a grand fight.

On the whole I think the committee of th Runcorn Club are perfectly satiified that they have travelled so tar in the competition- The progress of the club during the past few weeks, has undoubtedly relieved the mind of the energetic treasurer, Mr. Charles Peweell, and the cemmittee. The revenue will now rise,—after the two gatos which accrued from the Brighouse matches and the bumpieg attendance at Oldham—to a very coneider- able sum,and will help the ex-champions and the officials connected with them to hold their heads above water for some time to come.

tipPAing generally with regard to the game it may be said that there was a deal to much exchange kicking in the match for it to be interesting to watch. The passing what little there was, was splendid, particularly on the Oldham side. The homesters were clever and very speedy. The Cestrians were a shade slow, and lacked finish. Houghton was entirely off form and he did not get rid of the oval with his usual rapidly. But- terworth was undoubtedly the shining light on the visi- tors side, whilst Faulkner and Jolley worked exceedingly hard behind the pack. Langley, Moores, Farmer, and Clayter, were the pick of the forwards.

kt the usual weekly meeting of the officials of the Northern Union held on Monday night at Manchester, Lightfoot, of Runcorn, was su,pended for a month for misconduct against Oldham on Saturday. Brooke of Brighouse Rangers was suspended sine die and Sugden, of the same club, for the rest of the season, for offence g arising out of the match against Runcorn a fortnight ago.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTIONS.

Up to Tuesday at noon, the last day for reeeiving withdrawals only one withdrawal was received,and that wag one from Mr. Ellis Gatley, Trade Union secretary. for thl Halton Ward. Thus all the retiring members of the Halton, Mersey, Bridgewater, Newtown, and Heath Wards go in unopposed. In Central Ward two seats are vacant. The retiring members of this ward are the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, and Mr. Edwin IPnison. The former gentleman has removed from the town, and therefore, does not seek re•election. Mr. Imison has been nominated aside() have Mr. Jeines Lea,of 38,High-street. and Mr. Ellis Gatley, trade Union secretary, for this ward. As none of the candidate have withdrawn the ratepayers will be asked to make a selection on Monday 4.th of April.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RU CO RN 11 RB AN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

SPECIAL MEETING.

--- A special meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council was held last night (Thursday), in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Mr. S. 'Taylor, J.P. presid- ing. Thor* were also present Messrs. F. Wiswall, H. j. Grice, G. Hewitt, J. Wilson, J. Efoosefield, T. Dean, I). Bisbrown, Mr. J. Sweetman, E. Imison, C.C.. Mr. F. A. Lake (Law clerk) Mr. E. Marshall (secretary), Mr. T. Wilding (surveyor). The meeting was called for the purpose of closing the ac counts of the year. Mr. Imison moved that cheques be drawn upon the .treasurer for the following sums and against the following funds : Geuerai fund £1625 14s. 2d.; Technical fund £BB 195.; Water fund £1949 135.1 Burials fund £2B; Permanent Works Loan fund 153.; Library fund £3B 12s 4d. This was agreed to and carried. Lie also moved that the offer of till Urban District Couml uf Ladudmo to borrow the sum of £l,OOO at three per cent interest per annum '[tire was seconded and car- ried. The meeting then terwiina ed.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
FRObSHAM.

PARISI COUNCIL ELECTION:—Mr. J. Townlin has with- drawn iis name as a c.othdato for Frodsham Parish COnaCil. THE APPLIC ;VON FOR URBAN PO WE RS.

LOCAL INQUEBY.-A. BREAKDOWN.

On Thursday afternoon Messrs. John Thompson, Charles Henry Booth, and foomas Boxier, a committee appointed by the Chtshire County Council, held an in- quiry at the Court-house, Frodshans, with reference to the application of the Frodshain PAriti Council for the formation of an urban district council for the parish ot Frodsbam. The following app,‘are‘a to oppose the' ap. plication:—Mr. John Ashton (clerk to the Runcorn Rural 1 District Council),Messrs. J Moseley Williams,T. Wright. T. Lewis, S. Woodward (members of the Rural Counail); Mr. Wallis (representing the Manchester Ship Canal Co), Mr. C. E. Linaker (representing the overseers of Prod- sham and certain property owners and ratepayers in the district), Mr. Philip SpeAtunso, and others. Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to the County Council, read the memorial of the Parish Council, which set forth that the population of Frodsharn was upwards Of 3,300, and was thereby constituted a populous district. The rate- able value was £13,316 101., being considerably more than some township already possessed Of Urban District Councils. The resolutdm to meincrializ.3 the County Council on the subject was carried by seven votes to five. The Chairman (Mr. John Th nnpson) thou invited evidence in support of the application. Mr. J. Edwards said that hi was one who was to favour of an urban council. He had nothing to say, because.he had cease to the conclusion that the decision the com- mittee would arrive at was a foregone conclusion, and 1610 re than that, with all due deference to the Chairman, Le thought the township of Frodshain, or rather the ratepayers of Frodsham,had been treated with very scant courtesy by the committee of inquiry. This was a work- ingmen's question, and a tradesmen's question. If they wanted a political meeting they would call it for seven or eight o'clock in the evening, but that meeting had been called at a quarter to three in the afternoon, when workingmen could not appear in support of a memorial which meant bread for them. He took the preliminary objection that it was an improper hour to hold the inquiry. The Chairman : I suppose, Mr. Edwards, you would be able to voice the opin- ion of the workingmen who are not present to-day.— Mr. Edwards also took objection to Mr. Baxter sitting on the committee as he was opposed to the application. —The Chairman said the electors of the district had re- turned Mr. Baxter to the County Council and it was usual to put one local member on the committee.--No evidence was, however, given in support of the appliea. than. Some witnesses having been heard in opposition, the inquiry was closed.

BOARD OF GUARDIANS AND DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTIONS.

THE WI [MDR A WALS. RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT.

The following withdrawals had been received by Mr. J. Ashton, the returning officcr, up to noon on Tues- day :—Walton Inferior, Joseph Mourrfield ; Preston-o'• th-Hill, A'fred Broome ; M .ore, John ilighfield ; Sutton, E. A. Wallington, H. N. ',maker, W. Lowe ; Latchford (Without), John Pemberton.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTESTED SEATS.

Contesrs are to take pkce at Antrobus, Frodsham, Frodsham Lordship, Hatton, Norley, Stockton Heath, Stretton, and Weston (Weston Ward).

RUNCORN lIRISAN DISTRICT.

The last day for persons nomMated for the above elec- tions withdrawing, was Tuesday at noon. Mr. J. A.,h• ton, the returning officer, W 49 at his office at that time and had received the f010wi...; withdrawals :—Heath ward, William Handley, savings bank actuary, and Samuel Yar wood, a ucti oneer. —B ridgewater ward, John Ueadowcroft, manager of Runcorn DAM—Central ward, Samuel Yarwood,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
UNOPPOSED RETURNS.

The following persons are retuned without opp rim] :—Halton ward, *thinuel T4ylor, c3al and time merchant, proposed by John Robert Frith, secondeg by William Barker Kay.—Central, *Mamas Lea, baker, proposed by Ellen Lydiate, seconded by James Arden ; also by James Sutton and James Green.-13rid.zew itcr, *Alfred Robert Norman, potter, proposed by Thomas Dean and seconded by H. Dodd.—Newtown, *34inuel Yarwood, auctioneer, proposed by Elwin Aston, seconded by Lewis Jackson.—Heatk, John Msadowcraft, , manager of Runcorn Ducks, proposed by J. W. Light- burn, seconded by M. Lloyd Davies. The asterisk denotes past members. TWO SEATS STILL VACANT.

Runcorn is represented on the Board of Guardians by seven members, two members representing Central ward. It will be seen that five persons only rernain,and these go in unopposed. For Mersey ward, which was represented be' the Rev. Dr. Grastaldi, who hts tem ovel to West Kirby, there has been no nominations, cud for Central ward, which was repr,smted by Mr. Thomas I,Ns and Mr.Yarwood,the same two gentlemen had been nominated, but the latter withdrew and now goes in for Newtown. Thus,there are two seats vacant,and very probably bye--lections will take place in a short time to fill the vacancies.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT ES

The " I{,vtio fl-ue' contain ,flese curious fact as to the influence ot the Dreyfus aff Lir upon M. Zola's own y-dume. When the book appeared sixty-eight thonsan,i copies had been ordered ; but ,hiring the trial snmo teo thousand orders were countermanded in France. Th- interest in the book grew in other countries, firceen thousand copies mote big shipped than was meow. In general, when M. ZJIa publishes a novel, one-filth of the edition remains in Paris, one-filth is taken up by tbe railway booksellers,one-fifth only is sent to ;be coun- try, while two-fifths are ordered by foreign countries. Russia is the greatest buyer of French fiction, Gfllnany comes next, then England, and then Italy.

The South Shields licensing Cases, which raised the quastion of whether magistrates may receive sums of money for public purposes in consideration of new licences being granted, were concluded on Saturday in a Divisional Curt. It was stated that in one of the cases the applicant had offered as much as £l,OOO. The magistrates justified their acceptance of this money by stating that there had beon a great increase in public- house values, and that they wished to secure a portion of the unearned increment for the benefit of the public. Mr. Asquith, who appeared in opposition to the magis- terial arrangement, said it was admitted to be bad in law, but it was contended that there was no remedy. He maintained that there was a remedy. Mr. Justice Wills, in giving judgement, eaid the magistrates had no more right to exact £l,OOO for public purposes than for their own pockets. If such conditions could be attached to the grant of new licences it would not be a couple of years before there was a kind of auction and licences were sold to the highest bidders. The arrangement was open to every description of abuse. Mr. Justice Darling said many people might think it desirable to impose such conditions as the :South Shields magistrates had laid down, but it could only done by Parliament. A mandamus directing the magistrates to hear and deter- mine the cases according to law was granted.

A recent paragraph in a consular report stated that a liquor having the character of port wine had been nada from barley in Germany. We now learn from the "British and Colonial Druggist" that a large establish- ment is at work at Wandsbek,near Hamburg, producing tnese so-called " Malten-Weine," which are said to have the characteristics of the wines of Southern Europe, owing to the entirely new process of fermentation to which they are subjected. Pasteur is credited with the original discovery of the process, but he never carried it bcyond the theoretical point,and it was left to a Danish savant, Mr. Hansen, and a German bacteriologist, Dr. Sauer,to reduce theory into practice.

It has been finally settled that the Emperor William's pilgrimage to Jerusalem is to take place early next November. On his return journey,his Majesty will visit Yildiz Kiosk,whore the Sultan is already making prepar- ations for his reception. The last time that the German Empsror paid a visit to Constantinople the wonderful Byzantine mosaics in the Kakarieh Djami were un- covered, after having bean hidden for over three cen- turies,and everything well done to produce as favoura- ble an impression on the Emperor as possible, even the streets through which his Imperial Majesty passed being made level with a thick layer of sand to conceal the general want of paving.

A curious effect of hard cyrling is reported from France. Out of the last batch of conscripts, no fewer than eight well known cyclists, some of them enjoying European renown,were rejected as physically incapable of doing duty in the ranks. Hypertrophy and other diseases of the heart were the chief causes of these , rejections, which occasioned profound astonishm,nt tO the candidates thernsdves.One would have thought th t such wrecks of athletic humanity might at all events have been utilised as military cyclists, wno are not unknown in the French army.

Miss Yates, who enjoyed a brief notoriety as ,he only lady mayor in the British dominions, has ernergsd from the obscurity into which she dropped whr n she failed to secure re-election at the close of her solitary year of lam she still resides in the New ZiAland town of Onehuni,a, of which she was OTICH the chief magistrate, the municipal council of which has just successfully sued her for non-parment cf rates—a singular anti. climax to her former glory. Judgment was duly gicao against the lady ex-mayor.

A suppssedly microbe-Proof dwelling hss been built at Yokohama, Japan, by Dr. Tan der Hayden. The walls of this building are plates of glass set in metal fasten- ings and made air-tight. lisar the roof there is a email opening for the outflow of air from the living rooms, so arranged that no air can enter that way. Air from out- side can get in only through a tube, whose opening is at some!distance from the house. The air that enters is filtered first through cotton-batting, and then is sterd- -1 led by passing through glycerine.

FIRE AT MESSRS. CROSFIELDS' LrYSRPOOL WORKS. A fire, which at first threatened grave. conse- quences, occurred on Saturday afternoon in the soapworks of Mesirs. Joseph Crosqeld and Sons, Limited,Blundell-st.and liitchen-st.,Liverpool. The Premises in question are of an extensive character, and have been erected a very long time, and run through from Blundell-et. into Kitchen-street two parallel thoroughfares at right angles to Jamaicast. E hortly before three o'clock on Saturday after- noon Inspector Grant and Sergeant Clucas ob- served smoke issuing from. the roof of the work, and immediately afterwards discovered that the place was on fire. The Central Fire Brigade from Hatton-garden were summoned and were quickly on the scene with hose carriage and the steamer Liornby, under Chief Superintendent Willis and Superinteudei,t Thomas. The outbreak, i it seems, originated n the oilroom of the works, and it did not take more than two or three minutes before the safety of the gigantic block of buildings, with their inflammable contents, was in imminent jeopardy. An abundant supply of water was ob- tainable, and the brigade threw themselves into the work of subduing the conflagration with great courage and smartness. From the internal arrange- ment of the structure the task of the firemen was a hazardous as well as an extremely difficult one. Being, of course, unacquanited , with the rooms, some of the firemen whilst plying the hose in the thick suffocating , smoke narrowly escaped falling into the tanks, whilst others fell full length on the floors. By dint of close plucky battling for about an. hour, the bri- gade had the satisfaction of extinguishing the flame,and averting what at the beginning appeared to be an outbreak fraught with serious results as far as injury to property was concerned. Alto- gether there were upwards of seventy firemex en- gaged, with a great number of branches from the main, beside the steamer Itornby. The Salvage Corps were abo present.

An inmate of the workhouse at 13)ston, Lincolnshire, Munroe has just (Led at the ar,e of forty- nine most of his time in the workhouse nnianmeed years. .'ames E{ in literary studies. He could speak Latin and Greek with freedom, and discourse on science, theology, and p3litirs. Re waslormerly en the literary staff of a Fcottish newepep.er.

iRUNCORN URBAELNECTIODxISTRICT COUNCIL ; TO TIN ELECTORS OP HEATH WAPD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I beg to thank you for toy unopposed reurn the Urban District Council. .as in the past my energies \‘,ii be devoted to your service and to the town generally. You-s truly, PHI LIP :::PEAKMAN.

Runcorn, March 23, 1893.

STAND No. 11

--• BOOT lIROYD'S NOTED PIANOS. BUST VALUH IN THB TILADB. For Cash or payabie idonthly. PIANOS FROM 13s. idOlfritLY. ORGANS FROM ss. ASONTHLY. 134, BOTTOII OF IDIIDGIi-eTRBRT, WARRINGTON. Don't miss seeing our AUTGYIATIC PO:APHONS, tor Hotels. Banqneting Hafle, eto. Also our St)* of Bmbrotileret Piaito an] Stool Drapes.

REFREStiU6NrS!

THE ET tIIBITION BAR

is under the Management of

MESSRS. J. SIIILLOOCK imp P. Li.. LAKE.

GIIEBNALL'S CIILBBILATILD ALBS. BASS'S ALES. GUINNBSS' DUBLIN STOUT.

WINES AND SPIRITS or ratc FINEST QUA.LITY.

CIGARS OF THE FINIHT BILAND.

POPULAR PRIORS.

BLUE LION,

MAIIKET PLACE, WAItEINCiTO.N.

P. E • LAX,

PEGS to announce to his friends, and the Public generally, that he has taken over the above Hotel which has been thoroaghly renovated.

P. B. vrould be glad to see his old and new friends.

N.B. A large CLUB ROO 1,1 to LIT, for I'rieadly4

Societies, 562 , terms on application.

kV ANTED. GENERAL IHVNT tor small family; age V about 20 first-class rot ereucss.—Apply 8, HILLSLDE- B JAI), Wallasey, Cbeshlre.

WANTHD, APPENNTICh; for Grocery and Provisions, about 14 Of 15; Liverpool Trade strictly taught; to live with family, moderate premium reqoired.—Jomv BAJIDWELL, 2, Blessington-road, Liverpool.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVA.NT.—AppIy Mrs. liErvroon, 15. Whttlow-roal, Choritou-cutn-Hardy, Manchester.

WANTHD, young GIRL for Waterloo; clean and trust- worthy; three young childrea ; sleep in prefer ed; good home for willing girl.--40,TEIORNEDALE-UOAD,Warerloo, near Liverpool.

HOUSE-CHANIBBRIIMD required, thoroughly experi- enced ; reply stating age. height and particulars of last two situations. -MA/PAO:IEIIE9S. St. Allll'El Hetel, Buxton.

GOOD Sound CLOTHING BJSINESS for Disponi, Stuck and Fatures £3so,—Apaly 202, ROCHDALE-ROAD, Mascbester.

RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICr COUNCIL HLECTION.-TO THH BLitt:TORS OF HALTON WARD.

LADLES AND GENTLEMEN, Accept my most cordial thanks for retaruing me to ths Council without opposition. As in the past, it will be my duty and pleasure to look after your interests to the best of my ability. I will always be rea ty to listen tc any Suggestion from my constituents. Faithfully yours, MATTHEW J. SWEETMAN, 36, Union-street. Runcorn.

WANTED. goof, reliable GIINIMAL • atll family, wash; wages se. per week—Apply by letter, a: REPTON-ITREET, U.-On-M.. Manchester.

WANTED, for farmhouse, GENERAL SERVANT ; milk Bold; good wages to suitable person.—Appiy HOOLICT, Hill Farm, Burntwood. Lichfield.

ST. aura's, Bootle. Lancashire.—Wanted at once. Cer tificated ASSISTANT AIASTSB ; drawing, music. £75 —Apply TREASURER. 70, Strand road, Bootle.

V‘rANTED, GIRL about 15 to 17; one used to children; orphan preferred; Protestant. —Apply Horn.. 1, Mere-lanesEvertou, Liverpool.

BENEUMATIC SAFETY BICYCLE for dale, in good 1 condition, 23.-6, SPEKE-STBEET, Edge Hill, Liver- pool.

46 _IARDBN NETTING."—Good and strong. well oiled and kJ dressed, mesh made to keep smallest birds from Buds, Blooms, and Seeds in the ground. Price 100 by 1 yard wide, 3s. ; 2 yards wide, 6e.; 3 yards wide, 9s. Carriage paid orders over ss. in value. Any length and width sup- plied; used in the Royal gardens.—A. POTTER. Wolverhsmp ton.

WIRE NETTIRG. Great Reduction. Bast Galvanized NETTING, at cash privs ; in 50 yards rolls, 3 inek mesh, 2ft 3s. 43., 3 ft 55., 4 ft 6s. 83. ; 2 inch mesh, 2 ft 4s. Id., 31t 65.,4 ft Bs. 2d; 1 inch mesh,2 ft 75,6d..3 ft 115.2 d., 4 ft 15s. Galvanized Sheep NETTING, best. 50 yar4 rolls. 3ft wide, 4 inch mesh, centre strand, is. 4cl ; Be. 3d ; 105.3 d. Stakes per dozen 65. Special Stakes, very heavy, per dozen 9s. 6d. ; carriage paid on lots (Stakes or Netting) of 50s. value and upwards; Buyers remember Wolverhampton IS the Centre 01 the Iran Trade, and buy only of the actual makers. THE NORTH-STREET IRON WORKS CO., Wolverhamp- ton.

J. AND W• DUTTON

===== 0002601_18980325_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
BEG TO ANNOUNCE

THAT THEY ARE NOW HIKING THEIR

FIRST SHOW

===== 0002601_18980325_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
OF ALL THE

LATEST STyLgs

FOR THB 00MING BEASON IN MA NI LES,

MILLINERY,

DRESSES, &c., &c.

16, 18, AND 20, SANKEY-STREET.

WARRINGTON.*

===== 0002601_18980325_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.

TRADE AND INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. MARCH 30Tm, APRIL 12TH, 1893. HIS WORSHIP the MAYOR, ALDEN TAN J. B. WRIGHT, Esq. who will be accompanied by the Mayoress has kindly consented to OPEN THE EXHIBITION'. on WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30TH, at 3 o'clock. Season tickets now ready 3s. 6d. each. Office, Parr Hall.

RUNCORN CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL.

On Thursday evening, a c—on—ce—rt—w;;;;'ii;;;.—in the Bethesda Lecture Rall, Runcorn, in aid of the Sunday School Funds, there being a good number preeent. The following was the order of the programme. Overture— "La Chevalier Breton," The Runcorn Orchestral Society; 1 song, " Daddy " Miss Olive Clare.(of EAtlestown); song, The Village Blacksmith," Mr. Golvaelock ; cornet solo, " Rule:Bnttannia," Mr. Town Knight ; song. .` The Sailor's Grave," Mr. E. Worrell ; song, ~ The Light of Life," Miss E. Wright. Air: " Why do the Nations" Mr. ; T. Johnson ; recitation, Mr. C. Cbantier (encored) ; Sexette, " Liebesliectchen " Messrs. Savage, gay. ; Ditchfield, Sitnkin, and Dutton. Interval ; Selection," Minuet" The Runcfrn Orchestral Society song, "For all eternity," Miss L. Johnson ; song, Mr. Gowanicek song, " An. " Friar of Orders Gray,7 gus MacDonald," Miss Sienkin(,r_Fcored); duet..,maring.” ~, ; Song eielected), Miss L. Johnson and Mr. E. v., on all " Queen of the earth,' t! des Nuite," The Or. cluMbrise.tstTOtoalmi;veoioCahlnaudsreo :li(ae.;;ne,,e ot. atrileetdz )4: , Lor,;: -, :i s, "

•

===== 0002601_18980325_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INFLITENn EPIDENIIC.

At the present time, everywhere, almost, is the Infle- enza. Thousands of patients are down with this terrible Monre,e, whieh as egsin visited our country,and is com- mitting frightful havoc among all claases of society. It Is much more prevalent than is generally known, and the cases are more severe than on former occasioas. Having observed its ravages and its baneful effects on the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with special dread, as a great many have not yet,if they ever will, regain their former he ilth. Ihe present form of the disorder attacks the organa of digestion, as well as the lungs. Nor are the symptoms precisely the same in each individual. Many, too, feel the after effects of luflneozs for months and months. To have the microbes or bacilli in the blood even for three days seems thoroughly to weaken and exhaust the constitution. Now, WI a preventa- tive, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. A few strong doses taken in time have often proved effectual in warding off attacks (I this malady, and al- ways succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient Is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Sudden Flushes, Severe Headache, ac- companied by difficulty of breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chest, under and between the Shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness, or are you oppressed with gloomy forebodings and depressed spirits ? If yodi suffer from any of these symptoms, know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to rea)rt at once to an effective and suitable remedy, and that is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters,The Vegetable Tonic. By common consent patients everywhere admit that they feel more depressed and miserable after an attack ef Initycza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. There is a want of " Go," a lack of cheerfulness, de- pression of spirits, feeling of misery and helplessness, and such despondency as to be almost unbearable, the slightest exertinn is fatiguing, what was considered a pleasure is a toil, the appetite had entirely gone, and to sum up, " Life is a burden to those who have not hitherto experienced for one day in their lives such feelings of misery and helplessness. The best way to banish these miserable feelings is to take noorishing., food, and moderate exercise, to avoid solitu le, aed mix in cheerful company, and to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. We can strongly and confidentiy reconamerd this preparation, as it has treated severe cases of Influenza.extrerne Wes.kness and Languor with greater success than any other known remedy. A few doses taken in time will drive away the sense of extreme helplessness and feeling of misery and weakness which abets patients after a severe att,.ck. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles, 25.9 d. and 43.6 d. each. Beware of Imitations. See the name "Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp,and Bottle. Sole proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MA GIST R A.TES.

SERIOCS CHARGE AGAINST Two YOI7THS. ALLEGED ATTEMPTED OFFICE BREAKING. On Friday morning at the Warrington Police Court, Matthias Pye and Peter Dutton,youths of about 17,were charged with being found on the enclosed premises of Messrs. Pochin and C ..,Bank Quay,with intent to com- mit a felony, on Thursday night.—The Chief Constable said that the prisoners were originally charged with attempting to break and enter the office of Messrs. Pochin and Co.,chemical manufacturers, Bank Quay,but he bad altered the charge in order that they might he dealt with here instead of at Liverpool. About 8,30 oa Thursday evening Martin Glynn, fireman in the employ of Messrs. Pochin and Co., had occasion to go to the entrance gate with a lightel lamp. When near the office he found a large crowbar lying on the ground near the dice door. Near by he also found a large sledge hammer, and on examining the office door lie found a determined attempt had been made to break it open. He gave information to the police and Detectives Barlow and Roper, in the couee of enquiries, found that Pye had been discharged from the Chemical vac rks, and went to his lodgings, 87, Cartwright-street. There he made several conflicting statements. The Minshulls, who lived at the house, identified the hammer as their coal- hammer, Pye WHY brought to the Police Station and stated "It was me and Peter Mitton who did it and no- body else. They only gave me 10i, instead of 14s. and lithe man had not come with the lamp I should have been into that office in another minute." Dutton was also apprehended and said that Pye told him they had not given hint enough money.—Martin Glyno, fireman, and Detective Bartow corroborated.—The Chief Con- stable said that Pye had a had record and had been com- mitted of theft before.—The magistrates sent Pye to gaol for 2 months with hard labour, and Dutton for 14 days' hard labour. Tan TRAVELLING Cowl:mos AND Tint LANDLADY'S CLOCK. At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Monday, before Mr. T. Birchall (in the chair), and other maeis- trees. William Stocks, a travelling conjuror, hailing from Cheater, was charged with stealing, by means of a trick, a clock, value Is. 81.. the property of Margaret Hinds, Percives-fold.—Prisoner pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constat le stated that last week the prisoner took lodgings at Mrs. Hinds' lodging-house in Percival'a-fold. He was hard up on Friday evening, and on seeing a clock which was not going he said to Mrs. Hind. "That clock has been over-oiled." Be removed a little of the ail from the works and replaced it on the wall. Be charged Mrs. Hinds et for the process, but the clock still refused to go. He then said the clock would never go until it had a new spring. Mrs. Hinds said he might take it out on Saturday morning and have a new spring put in it. Instead of doing an he went from one public house to another trying to ell it. A man eventually bought it for 2s. at the Sceptre Inn. Information was given to Mrs. Hinds, and the prisoner was apprehended In the evening by P.C. Clarke.—After evidence had been given in support of the Chief Constable's statement, the magiatrates committed the prisoner to gaol for one month,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

RIDA.T.-:Before the Mayor (chairman). Councillor Hen Roberts, Councillor Pierpoint. Dr. Gomel!, and Mr. wHepberi. Twiner mod A PaWNSHOP. —Elizabeth Ryan, an eldarly Voman, was charged with stealing from the shop of Mr. 11, . Morton. pawnbroker, St. James's-street at 11 a.m. on Thursday, a pair of metes trousers value 6s Ild.—The Chief Constable prosecuted and said that at the time stated the prisoner was in Mr. Morton's shop.where she had gone for the purpose of pledging a shawl. On a side-counter were a num- ber of pairs of men's trousers and another customer noticed prisoner acting suspiciously while near these goads. She told one of the assistants who went to prisoner and found her with the pair of trousers under her apron. Detective Meacteck was informed and apprehended prisoner. The prisoner was not a dishonest woman.— The Bench said they would be lenient with her and fined her only 10s including costs. Ditusonsishens IND ASSAULT ON THE POLlCE—Charles Jones. 3. Naylor-st.. was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Church street. at 6-50 on Thursday night, and also with assaulting P.C. Turner at the same time.—P.O. Turner s,id that about 6-30 p.m on Thursday he wilt InHorsemarket- street when he was called to the prisoner in Scotland-road where hs found prisoner drank and in charge of a horse and vehicle. Witness told a young man close to to take charge of the vehicle and prisoner was put in and driven home. Witness followed him down to his horse with P.C. Barnett. Prisoner met them in the yard near the stable and said he would go to the Police station if they thought he was drunk. He went with them to the Police Station and asked Inspector Phillips if he Was drunk. When told that he was he said he would go to Whittle'. in Church street. and get two or three pints more. Mrs. Whittle would not serve him, and he became abusive and violent in the street. Ile threw himself down and kicked witness Severely on the legs. He was then locked up.—Mr. Percy Davies defended and pleaded guilty. He Said that prisoner was so drunk he did not know what he was doing. He remembered nothing about the assault, and asked the Bench to deal leniently with him as be had a good business, and a good home.—The Chief Constable said that prisoner had been 5 times convicted for being drunk in charge.—The Chairman said they thought the police had been very patient with prisoner, and they could not do less than fine him 205. cud costs in each case. 310EDAY.-1340re Mr. T. Birdsall (in the chair), Alderman Blackhurst. Mr. J. W. Hayward, Mr. S. Wright, and Councillor Smethurst. . _

...... DRITIVEZYKIEBB.—Th,. following were dealt with for this offence :—John Cunningham. a farm labourer, se. ; John Tivner. 3, Orford-etreet, and John Molyneux Harrison, Williamson-court. ss. and costs; and George Flannigan, kill-yard, School-brow, Se. and crate.

TVESDAV.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair), Mr. Thomas Birch*fl, and Councillor J. Shaw Green. Panirwre AND Cana) 13voo•laS. —Michael O'Connor and Mary O'Connor, two professional tramps, were charged with causing their children Timothy, Ann, Sarah. and Margaret to beg in Horsernarket-street on Mondey.—lnspector McAteer prosecuted and said that in Consequence of a complaint he received from a latiyat 3 p.m. on Monday he went in the direction of the Horse and Jockey to look for the defendants, whom he found in Warburton- street. He followed them to the " Lord Redney." where the woman went inside, and than beck to Bewsey- street. The female defendant went into Scotland-road Vaults, and the male defendant went to Day's lodginghouse and had some conversation with Mr. Daly. One of the child- penny off a g,ntlernan and gave It to her ran b"ged a mother. In the meantime the male defendant had got near the Hop Pole and his wife joined him again and both went Inside.—Witness then informed P.C. Edwards and they went inside and found defendants drinking together. They were loth ander the influence of liquor and were locked up, the children being conveyed to the Workhouse. He haa asoer- tatned that [rah defendants were professional tramps.—P,C. Edwards corroborated —The male defendant made a long statement and plea for mercy. He denied strongly that he allowed his children to beg —The officer also stated that cestunnor had 95 in his po,qoslon, 5s being In copper.—The defendants were sent to gaol for 14 days each the children b.ing taken to the Workhouse.

YOUR ATTENTION PLEASE Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Bask Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys poultice Cure Bladder, Rtnne. Sciatica, Rheumatism, aud Gout will find a In Hol and if not satigled yolir drOVXII Gravel Pills. Try a small box money will be returned. Prices Is. 14d.. of all Chemists. or poet free for 12 stamps. from HOLDROTeS, Cheekheaten, Yorks. Sold at 35, l3ridze-stroet Warrington. Don't be put of If you cannot st—Advt. etthem write to the Proprietor and a box will t. sent next o

RUNCORN PETTY :-iEiSION3. Naar.—Before Mr. F. J. No-man (In the chair), Mr. 3. Taylor, ant Mr. W. TI matins.

Oasctorg armee committed fa Regent-street. 12th ?larch, Srh Pyo wea ined ss. and costa.

WESToN COAL DEALER :"ITISMOYED —George Myers of Preston. was summoned for failing to haves weighing ma- chine on his cccl flirt af Weston on the Bth of fitsr"h —Al- bert Timmins, inspector of weights and measures said on the dd.° name t he was near the Post Office when he saw defend- ant's out with bags of coal in charge of his son, Henry Myers. He ,sked him the price of )41 and he said Bid. Witness asked if he was hawking the coal sad was told that he was. He said h. would like to weigh some of the bags and defendant's son said be had no scales oa. There also were no labels on the bags - Defendant said the coal was or- dered. His son was not hawking it. He admitted that there were no labels on the bags. There were Peale' ready in his place when they hawked it —The clerk (Mr. 7. Ashton) pointed out that what the son said t.s the inspector was not evidence against the defend mt. At the suggestion of the magistrates the summons was withdrawn. Danes —William O'Brien was chtrged with beteg drunk and die ,rderly in Gilbert-street, the previous night.— P.C. Keudrick preyed the case. and O'Brien was fined 5s aid costs.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
A. SHIP eikNAL DIYSTERY.

An impost was held at tha Cheshire Cheese be, Latchford, on Tuesday afternoon, relative to the death of John R )(elate, whose body was recavered from the Snip Canal oe Saturday %Item-rm.—'r. Preston, Man- chester, appeared on behalf of the National Telephone C ~—Mrs. Martha 'mime said that deceased lived at 23, Islington-street, Salford. He was a telephone work- mus and was 25 last January. She saw him alive on the 14th February, when he left home to stop away a week. Sae expecte' him back the following Saturday, and it iff.l.4 then two men came down whom she knew. They brought he money and said deceased had uot been 5-en since the Monday previous. Ele had worked till I 6 30 in the last Bun ot him was at the Cheshire Cheese. slim saw tie (leagued on Sunday In )rning last. but she had no reason to believe that ho would take his life. Al a rule he was a sober man, are I when he left her he kissed her and said he wished the job W3s done as be Was sick of working SlWir.-I,q'tl.r Trielnald, in the employ of the National Telephool Company, said that on the Monday he saw de ;eased in the Cheshire Cheese Ina, and left him there. About 9 o'clock witness called again, and found deceased had gone. At 8 o'clock he appeared to have had drink, though he I seemed to be able to take care of himself. Deceased had lodgingiapPosite the " Cheshire Cheese." —Thomas Ireland, ltn.ilord of the " Cheshire Cheese," said he recollected deceased coming in on Monday, but he wits adv sncNl in drink. Witness refused to serve him with beer, but he had a glass of soda water. He eveetually weut out.—ln answer to the coroner, Inspec- tor Cox said that deceased was found in the canal near the swing bridge. tie haa appareotly fallen from the bank some way.—John Rooney mid he found the body of the deceased on Saturday near the Knutsford-road swing bridge. The body was in a state of decomposition. Deceased would have had to trespass to get on the bank of the canal.—k juror remarked that the Telephone Company had a tool shed near the old station, and it was possible that he had gone there to lodge. ue be- lieved that deceased was ashamed of being drunk, and instead of going to his landlady's house went up there. —The Coroner said he thought this a most reasonable supposition. There was no evidence to show how he got in the water.—The jury returned a verdict o " Found Drowned."—Gaptain Waring, for the Ship Canal Co., and Mr. Preston, for deceased's employers each expressed sympathy with deceased's wife,the latter remarking that he was a valued servant.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _....-___. A COCOA, AND WiIAT ELSE?

We will tell you. In the first place, it is not in any sense a medicine. As people become more intelligent they see that they should try and prevent disease. It 1 seems strange, when one comes to consider It, that the efforts of medical science are directed to curing, when preventing would seem to be a more rational prooeeding; Now it is dawning on the p•iblic to try and sreyeat, or at least to arrest disease. It is in prevention that Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa plays an important part, acting solely as a first-class nourishing. food.

It strengthene the system, to resist, ooplse, aad over• come the attacks of disease. You'll heir someone say : So-and-so has a strong constitution ;" follow that up, and you'll find So-td-so follows the golden rule of be- ing temperate in all things, and pays attention to diet and esercise. Does he or she keep np this strong con- stitution by medicines or swallowing pills. No.indeed They have discovered that preventi in is better than cure.

Dr. Tibbles' Vi Cocoa plac.s ovsans in the hands ,3f everyone to build up and maintain a sound constitution, which enables its possessor to trave i his life's journey without the aches mad pains which are in many cases preventable. Thus we come round again to sound com- mon sense based on experience, Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is pleasant and palatable, and embodying, as it does,the numerous principles cmtained in Malt, Hops, irda, and Cocoa, it imparts nourishment and builds up strength. As a Food Beverage it is in. valuable.

But the Expense? You can try it free of expense. Merit alone is what is claimed for Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocna, and the proprietors are prepared to send any reads, who names the " Warrington Examiner" a dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa fro,) and post paid. There is no magic in all this. It is a plain, honest, straightforward offer. It is done to introduce the merits of Vi-Cocoa into every home. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is not sickly or insipid, like the ordinary cocoa extracts ; on the contrary, it has a pleasant and distinct flavour all its own, and which is much liked. It has all the re- freshing properties of fine well-made tea, but with a hundred times its nourishment.

Dr. 'Mobles' VI-Cocoa, 6 1., 93., and ls. 63. It can be obtained from all Grocers, Chemists. and Stares, or from Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoe, Limited, 60, 61 and 62, Bun. hill Row, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CAIRO-STREET AMATETT Ft DRAMATIC SOCIETY.

On the evenings of Monday and Tuesday the Amateur Dramatic Society in connection with Cairo-st. Church gave performances in aid of the Warrington and District Nursing Association. There was a large audience on etch occasion. The programme consisted of two come- diettas : " Cut off with a Shilling," and " Withered Leaves," the first of which was entirely humorous, while the second included a little sentiment. " Cat off with a Shilling" almost tells one its character with its title. There is the disinherited nephew with a pretty but not wealthy wife, and the irate uncle. A reconciliation is eventually effected by the winsome artfulness of the wife. The parts were taken as follows :—Sam Gay- thorne. Mr. 11. S. Knowles ; Colonel Berners, Mr. J. S. Hill ; Kitty Gaythnrne, Miss Lilian Allen. A big pro. portion of the acting fell upon the two latter, both of whom interpreted their parts with ease and naturalness. ' Mr. Knowles made a good Sans Gaythorne though he was scarcely so free from nervousness as his brother artistes. " Withered Leaves" is a much more pre- tentious piece and contains five characters, viz. : Sir Conyers Conyere, Mr. J. Si. Hill; Torn Conyers. Mr. 1 Gerrard; Arthur Middleton,Mr C. H. Wood ; Cecil Vane, Mr. T. C. Hollingsworth ; tidy Conyers, Miss Agnes Knowles; May Rivera, Miss Florence Potter. The piece is of a more complicated nature than its predecessor. Arthur Middleton and Tom Conyers are bosmat friends, the former of whom a year ago was a suitor for the hand of !Wis.! May Rivers, At the present time Me•Ceeit Vane is in the position of an accepted suitor, when Mid- dleton arrives on the scene. Vans is known to his rival as an arrant scamp an fortune-hunter, and some high words between them are heard by Miss Rivers. She spurns the fickle Vane from her and returns to her old love Arthur Middleton. In the meantime the three Con- yera' are working* out a little play of their own. Pre- vious to his father's second marriage, Torn Conyers has left home after a " row," and subsecpuntly turns up at his father's honoymnon resort. Here Lady Conyers di,- eeVery who he is, and after ROMA amusing adventures linally reconciles her husband with his son, and all " live happy ever after," With ,few, if any ex- ceptions, all the artistes seemed' quite at home in their parts and gave a very successful performance. Messrs. Hill, Wood and Gerrard were excellent, while nothing but high praise can be accorded Miss Knowles and Miss P )tter. All had an equal share of stage play including Mr. Hollingsworth, lin had it must be said, apparently a slight tendency to the melodramatic. Taken as a whole the Society has enchanced Its reputa- tion by the performance, which was in every respect the equal if not the superior of the Olie 'which give sock satisfaction twelve months ago. A strong orchestra, under the conductorship of Mr. G. J. Allen rendered the following programme of music in a very creditable manner. Overture " Masaniello " '(Auber) ; waltz, " •morettentenzs" (S. Gung'i); overture. "Marionetten" (C. Garnet) ; dance, "Cz 'int*. No. 6 " (G. Nichiels) ; waltz, " Nachtachwarmer " (R. Fels) ; march, " Guard of Honour" (Karl Kaps).

LOYAL ORDER OP ANCI;MT SHRPFIRRDS-WAIS:

_ RINGTON DISTRICT The quarterly meeting of the "Lite Spring Rose" Lodge took place on Saturday eveninq,at the Barley Mow Inn, Market-street. W. f. William Parr pre- sided, being supported in the vice-chair ,by D.M. William Sollery. The reports were very satifac- tory,showing a net gain of £25 on th quarter. The total number of financial members is 352, and there P is a capital of £1,528. After the ordinary business, the President called upon P.P.C.S. Thomas Duck- worth to make a presentation to P.M. Richard 'Tel- ford of a handsome framed ~mbiem of merit, for services rendered to the lorige. p.P.O S. Duckworth said P.M. 'Telford had alway., been very inapartial and punctual during his term in passing through the chairs, and he hoped that the present officers would trN to follow his example. These remarks were supported by P.P.C.S. James Parr, P.M. John Ashton,and J. Whitlow, secretary. P.M. Tralferd, in reply,tbanked the members for the very handsome gift, and for the expression of good feeling towards him.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

CIRICKHTERS I HUSSEY'S Demon Driver Bats are the 1.. J grandest Made. HUSSEY'S New Matah Balls retain their shape, and bst longer than any other. HUSSEY'S Leg Guards are exceptionally good. BUSSF.Y'S Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual class. HUSSEY'S Bags are made to wear. HUSSEY'S Diary and Companion Is a Gem for 6d Apply for HUSSEY'S Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters. or 36 and 33 Queen Viet )riA-stre,t. London. Pentode, Peckham, London; and Etrnqwell, Suffalk.—Advt. 4

RUNCORN v. OLDIIA.M.

DRAW FOR TRE WAREING FON WORKS CO VPEri HON.

There are 20 entries for the cornpe;.ition this year, and the Warrington committee, at their meeting on Monde, night. made the draw as follows :—First Round : Mon- day, March 22:h. rilughtnn's v. Richmond's; Tuesday, Naylor's v. Gr ening's ; Wed..eselay, Pearson and Koogrieleg v, WAlkPee ; Thursday, Crosfield's v. Firth Mattress Company. Second Round: Friday, April let, Fletcher's v. Cheshire Lines; Monday, April 4, Monks'a v. Crosfield's or Firth Mattress Cmspany ; Tuesday, Greenall's v. Richmond's or Honehton ; Wednesday, Rylands's v. Sinith's Wireworks ; T mrsday,Davenport's v. Locker's ; Saturday morning, Wright's v. Mersey Lead works ; Rarer hisnday morning, Whitecross V. Naylor's or Greening's ; Raster Tuesday. Castle Rabbet Company v. Pearson and Klowies's or Walker's.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHESHIRE MEN DEFEATED.

This important fixture was decided at Water Shed. dings, Oldham, on Saturday, before 12,000 spectators. Both teams were at their otrengrat and punctually to time Frater set the oval rolling for Oldham. The open- ing movements were rather slow, and for fully five min- utes kicks and countel-kicks were freely indulged in. Uradually Oldham got d ,wn,and the first item of prom- inence was a fine run by Williams. Still keeping up the pressure the ball was passed to Taylor,who punted over the Runcorn line,and Houghton Al!.)mirv.; the ball to roll touched down,but, unfortunately,lost possession,and A. Lees dashing up fell On the oval ant gained the referee's verdict. This was undoubtedly a hard piece of luck for Runcorn, as there was not the slightest doubt that Houghton touched the ball down. Thorals took the place, but his kick went anywhere but near the posts. Runcorn alter this played up str.mgly, and the ball was taken to the Oldham half,where It was kicked to Martin. Lightfoot, rushing up, turned his back on his opponent when he was about to kick, for wbich trivial offence he was ordered off the ground. Thus it was seen early on that luck was dead against the Cestrians. Resuming with fourteen men Runcorn put forth new energy, and they were quickly swarming round the Oldham posts, Butterworth in particular making strenuous eff uts to break through. However, mum trouble was soon to follenr. Gayter and Plater Gal- tided, witk the result that both were terribly cut, and Gayter having to leave the field left Runcorn with thir- teen men. In no way daunts I the visitors continued to have much the best of the play. An effort by Butterworth was oherb, and he was only held up on the line. Three times in einiak succession did the same player drop at goal, but tke ball in each case went just outside. Houghton made a grand attempt from a mark Iby Moores. At this stag* Gayter pluckily returned, his head beiog literally covered with bandages. Right up to the interval Oldham were defending. The score then stood—Oldham, one try (three points) : Runcorn, nil. Farmer commenced the s.ccori moiety, and Oldham were soon on the aggressive. After a lot of exchanges and kicking, the passing of the home backs got to work. The ball was sent across te Martin, who failed so gather it, but deliberately struck it with his hand and aunt it over the line. Lawton, razing up, secured, and was awerded try. Considering the extraordinary ability which was displayed by the referee, it seemed rather peculiar that this point, which was obsained by glaring infringement, should have been allowed, and it only added to the cup of Runcorn's bitterness. A. few minutes later a passing movement by the Runcorn backs was interrupted by Hurst, and the Oldham flyer mad. tracksfor the Runcorn line, but only to gain the au- quaintance of ['ought n and have an opportunity of embracing mother earth in a rather unceremonious manner. Some pretty exchanges passing between Faulkner, Butterworth, and Warder made things look omninous for the home team, and Warder was only stopped by being pushed into touch a few yards from the line. A moment later West was given an easy chance after some good passing, but he failed to gather the ball, and thus a golden opportunity was lost. Vali was evidently the expiring effort of Runcorn, as following some passing by the home backs Hurst made a fine dash down the touch line,and succeeded in ground- ing at the corner flag. But still the goal-kicking was off. Just before time Oldham wera penalizld, and Efoughton taking the kick sent the ball to Hurst, who dashed into the centre of the field from the touch line, and coolly taking a dropped kick sent the hall sailing over the bar, the game ending in a win for Oldham by one goal three tries (11 points) to Runcorn nothing. The following did duty for Runcorn :—S. Houghton, back ; T. Warder, J. Butter orth, G. Robinson, and B. West, threequarters ; J. Faulkner and J. Jolley, half backs ; S. Walker, .1. Langley, G. Moores, VV. Lightfoot, F. Gayter, T. Dar- lington, S. Johnson and H. Farmer, forwards. Mn. Ren- ton,of Hunsiet was the referee with Messrs. J. E. Warren (Warrington) and J. H. Houghton (SW. Helens) as linesmen.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
LEIGH V. WIDNES.

These old rivals met on Saturday on the Mather-lane ground, Leigh, in the third round of the Northern Union Cup. Leigh turned out their strcmgt team, but Widnes were unfortunate in being without Baty at full back. Braun was drafted from the wine three-quarter to full back, while Alford, of the A team, took the Wi the; cap- tain's place on the right wing. The weather, though dull was fine, and a crowd numbering some 8,000 was Pre- sent, 2,000 having travelled from the chemical town in two special trains. Both teams were well received on entering the enclosure, the Viridnesians especially receiv- ing a grand ovation. After a sevcrl game the result was a draw of three points each. This reolayed Northern Cup tie was brought to an iazim at Widnes on Weineeday. The home team played with a strong wind in the first halLand after hard pres- sure Hunt ccored an unimproved try,af ter which Moly- neuz (Leigh) retired injured. Widnea maintained the upper hand in the second half. Douglas scored at the corner,and in falling broke his arm. Further tries were scored by Grace (2), Nevitt, and Heslop, the latter also placing a gut. while M'ldasters scored for Leigh. Re- sult Widnee 2 goals 8 tries, Leigh 1 try. RUNCORN HORNETS T. RUNCORN PRlM:l.—Played On the Parish ground. The Parish started against sk strong wind. The game was carried to midfield, where the home tsamplaying a vigorous game,stopped all att.emots at passing by the Hornets. From a pack the Hornets got to work T. Farmer gaining the first try. The goal kick failed. From the drop-out the Hornets pressed and Ellie had a drop at goal, lent failed. A good kick by Walker, who tackled the full back caused, a scrimmage. Half-way passing by the Hornets carried play to the Parish line,and enabled T. Ellis to drop a goal. Some rough play followed, and the game snffered through it. Again the Hornets got poseession,and T.Farmer dropped a goal with a low, kick. Another try followed,T.Farmsr doing the needful. Half-time score : Hornets,three'goals two tries (12 points); Parish,nil. Against the wind the Hornets had a long spell on the Parish line. A long kick by Walker, who was playing weil,'relieved the pressure. The Hornets' back mulled,and enabled Bell to score in a good position. Tuley failed at goal. The Hornets pressed again. Varlev in trying to run round allowed Higgins to tackle him, and losing the ball Higgins got a splendid try, but the volt kick failed. Farmer II as hurt,and subsetrien ly Bridge got a try by waiting off- side. Final score: Hornets, 17 points; Parish,B points.

AcISOCIATION. WARRINGTON CUP. Sian nista.. PARR V. Wurrow AMON.—There was an enthneiastic crowd on the St. Elehin'e ground, Vilarringtoo, on Satur- day afternoon. to witness this tie. Both sides were accompanied by a large number of eunoorters, and the attendance was estimated at nearly 3,000. Playing with a stiff breeze behind them Witton at once made matters warm, and the defensive qualities of Stirrup and Bower *ere early tested. Deakin shot with. Out ,lucce,*, and then came a sharp raid to Witco,' quarter. Fouls were frrquent, and a for war rush led by F ureter saw Done shoot over. Play was then exceptionally fast, and Taylor and Fair- hurst almost scored. After fine concerted play Witton were next to the front with capital p!ssing, and Hoy hail all his work cat out in:dealing with a shot by Deakin. A. corner was conceded, and plautiful passing eaw Forster score a fine goal. Illaume mg Parr raced away to the Witton quarters, and experi- enced hard luck twice in quick succession. Stanley cleared only to see the attack resumed with redoubled energy, and a foul for Witton had little advantage, for Parr, by concerted clay,got within in •asurable diatance, and rapid shots by Taylor and Fairhurst were dealt with hi' Barker. The general run of the play went in favour of the Lancashire men, until Rose gave Bailey a neat pass and Parr were defending. Floc unsliceem4"lll3' repelled an rffort by Forster, and the Parr custodial only saved his side at the expense of corner. Nothing came of the kick, Bowker effect- lug a Ann clearance. Witton maintained the pressure, and after Hawker had been penalized pretty pawing across the goal mouth saw BAiley head a second goal. Wittnn surnas.nd themselves with some pretty Passing, which had an abortive ending, and although Larkin dribbled well Barker easily saved. Elbe leaders se up a critical defenc,, and though the Parr left wing looked dangerous the shooting at close quarters was very erratic, and the interval arrived with Wittori lead- inn by two goals to none. In the teel-la of the wind dur- ing n the Renew] half Witton were chiefly on the defensive Parr, however, signally failed, and their shooting was unusually weak. Barker was in first-Class trim, and cleared finely on several occasions. Fouls were frequent and near the close Foster made a gallant attnMPt to add a further point for the Cheshire men. Roy cleared, and the Parr men again took up the attack, only to see I their efforts lack cohesion and thY end came with the Seore—Wtton Albion two galla ; Parr, nil.

EPPS'S COO:M.—GRATEFUL AND CoMFoRTING.—'• By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operatims of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful application of the fine properties of wen-selected Cocoa,Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist eviry tendency to disease. We may escape Many a fatal shaft by keeping onrs.lves well fortified with pure blood and a preperlv framc."—" Civil Service Gazette."—.lade simply with boiling water or milk.—Sold eniv in packets and pound tins, by Grocers, labelled- -3&1E5 Epps ,fz Co_ ltd., llumceepathll Chemists,LondOn." —Mao makers of Epps's Cocoaine or Oneoa-Nib lixtrset : A thin beverage of foil flavour, now with many beneficially taking the place of tea. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system.- Aar lirtyx._rfew white inerlanio Cement for Pottery, Force 6d. &e., and is. postage , Of Ohernists.—Rde

_ Liaarro Coarpotnan ' demoleent anodyne expeetorate Coughs and Colds, sid 30.. Of Chemists only.-•

===== 0002601_18980325_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA NI N Eltt FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898

WARILLNGTON HANNIN6IHA3I.

A friendly Match between Warrington and Man- nineham was played at Manningham on Saturday, before ablut 3,000 spectators. 8 -ith teams haying been beaten in the fir, t round of the cup ties they had no serious engwement to occupy their atten- tion. Warrington had their s,lected fifteen with the exceptioa of Hill in place of Swift, while on the home side some experiments in the construction of the team were mode. The teams were constituted se follows :

Manningharn back, Fawcett; three-quarter backe, gebden,llepburn, Brown and Needham; half-backs, Popplewell and Gsunt ; forwarls Barraclough (capt). Greenwood, Bradley, Proct 3r. rhomae, Denni- son, Clarkeen and Wood. Warrington, back, Bascow ; ter-quarter backs, Moores, leherweod, Duckwortn, ai Kellam ; half backs, J. T. Bite, and R Bite ; forwards, Taylor Naylor, Melon, Deakin, Morrieon, Fairhurst, Hill and Hatton. Taylor startel the game for the visitors, and Green. wood milling the first ecriminaee was formed on the home 25 line. The hosne forwards worked to the centre and goon flarracloutli get away and passed to EL3Olea. The latter after a short run again gave the ball to the Mannineham skipner, who Rowed a few yards wide of the plate. Henhern landed a grand goal. Operations were cenducted abow, midfield for a period after the kick off. The visitors gained ground from a punt out of touch, hot Needham and Giunc neatrtlized by clever passine and kicking. Here a series of scrimmages were fought, and then the lal aneinehain baeks got in some tall kiekine, which gave them a peetim close to the Warrington line. 13 arraeleugh got hold in the loose, and added a mereind try at the corner, Hep- burn thie time faihne from a difficult position. Warrineon dropped out,and Hepburn responding well, the Paraders returned to the attaok. B ,scow made his mark, and k'cked to Hepburn, who had a chat at goal from near the half arty line. 'Toe shot, though a good one, travelled wide of the intrk.rri, ?traders con- tinued to romp the unper hand with much difficulty. The play wee mostly of a scrambling order, and up to this point hed not been over interesting. Isherwood made hie mark from a kick by Popplewrill, and sent the leather well into the Manningham half. Bate and Moores improved the position by running and passing, and for the first time Warrington became dangeroue. S.:rim- s/lazes wore fought close to the line, add after psi' ing by the half backe Moores should have scored. RP, however, hat the bell, and Needham kicked into touch. Mannineharn carried a scrimmage, but left the ball be- hind them, and later Gaunt tried herd to get round the pack, but was pramptly collared. The home forwards brought relief, and then Gaunt and l'opplewell took the ball to the centre, where there were some reckless at- temp's at passing by the home backs. Later Bate made a tine opening for Hallam, who ought to have scored with the ereeteet of ease but failed through a feolish at- tempt to double his way nearer the posts. Half-time arrived directly after with the score : Ottatininghann, 1 I goal 2 tries (8 points) ; Warrington nil. Barreclaugh started the second hilt, and the ball was well returned. The visitors commenced a but of pass- ' ine,whieh took the ball into the home territory,and then one of the visiting backs kicked over the line. Needham I kicked dead. Moores for the visitors put in a good dodgy run, which placed Manningham on the defensive agaie. He was winded by • tackle, and the game was stopped for stopped for some moments. A free kick to Greenwood relieved to the centre,where there was a lot' of loose play. Hallam picked up,and with a grand drop kick loorered the Paraders' goal. Manningham went to the attack after the kick off, but only held the advantage for a few minutes. Bate, Hallam, and Moores, by neat passing were able to invade the home territory. Hero they were brought up smartly by Hepburn and Needham,and a punt out of touch by the former took the game back to the centre. The Warrington backs were just now playing up much better. They put in some very good individual efforts, but there was an absence of comb'netion. The Paraders were playing a very different gams,an the visitors were able to attack once mere close to this line. Hallam and Boseow were to the fore on the visiting side, and Needham and Brown were at this point most couipicuous amongst the Para- ders. Warrington were given a penalty Isick,and Morri- son took the shot at goal, but he failed to raise the ball. Needham,Gaunt,and Barraclouge attacked the Warring- ton goal, and the brothers Bate had a busy time on the defence. A mull by Brown let in the Bates and Duck- worth, who went away at a great pace to the centre. Time wee called with the result—Manningham, 1 goal 2 tries (8 points); Warrington, 1 goal (2 points). _

===== 0002601_18980325_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY READERS of THIS PAPER.

are entitled to a gratis copy of a bright, inte- resting booklet On "Successful Home Dyeing,"

together wit'h samples of forty- five cloths dyed with

, 7•, 4 i —`— ---Zilluivrre.,..---. •_;::__ 11'11 i‘f4 -- .<..., ~.—_ 4' , ••,. _-,,,,,,j• ~.._.....___,..,-,r,,,,, —"- a post-card mentiol

===== 0002601_18980325_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Diamond , Dyes.

No coupon to cut out; simply send ming this journal.

Full instructions are given for imparting beautiful, fist and unalterable colours to everything, from dresses to basket work, and for making faded garments as goad as new. Address, /MAYORS DYES. 31 & SS Snow MIL London, E.C.

THE WAARINGICjii G.,IS WORKS QUESTLON.

The "Ga. World" says :—Mr. Councillor Roberts, of Warrington, is mu3h exercised over the small amount contributed by the gas works in aid of rates, and, with the Chairman of the Gas Committee as seconder, he has got the Town Council to order a return for the period 1890.7 showing the coat of all renewal+ and repairs ren- dered necessary by ordinary wear and tear, of all re- newals rendered necessary by other circumstances, and of all additions to the plant. Of course, Mr. Roberts' object is te ascertain whether say charges have been placed to revenue that ought to have gone to capital. Though we have a suspicion that Mr. Roberts bas been led to ask for this return through looking at one side of the accounts only, we are in perfect sympathy with him. In examining the accounts since 1889 to the end of last year, Mr. Roberts found that while only £4,000 had been contributed in Aid of rates, £50,000 had been spent in "extra gas manufacture and in statutory charges." But where the connection between the two figures comes in we fail to see. On the contrary, the latter sure suggests that the suspicion that capital has been favoured at the expense of reveriue is unfounded. But however the facts stand it is only right that they should be known,and if it be found that revenue has been unduly saddled in past years, Mr. R )b-rts will, no doubt, see to it that the practice in the tuture will be different. Parliament com- pels present day gas consumers to free the gasworks from debt for the benvfit of future generations of con- sumers or ratepayers, and while they are boa ring that load it is not fair to put upon them the additional one of building new gasworks. What railiaraent says is that you must free the gas-works of to-day from debt by a certain date; it does not say that you must build an- other gasworks to meet the larger dvmand of that future date.

The cricket match at Adelaide between Mr: Stoddart's team and an Eleven of South Australia ended on Wed- nesday in a draw. The second innings of the English- men closed for 399, leaving their opponents the task of making 355 to win. When stumps were drawn the score stood at 267 for two wie,kerc Hill being not out 124 and Reedman not out 15. Too English team sail to-day in the steamer Ormuz. It was on Wednesday resolved to wind up the estate of Si, RlJert Peel in bankruptcy, with a trustee and committee of inspection. The unsecured debts are re- turned at £27.000.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE 'PILLS. BEAUTIFUL TEETH A, Di... for all who use daily on the tooth bruah few drops of

SOZODONT,.

y Vege- Table.

the pleasantest dentStrico in the world. Cleanses the teeth and sperPs between them as nothing else will. Bound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. ekek tor SOZCDONT. 2s. 6d.

lver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick liesdatches promptly: and cure them so as to ett.y cured. Chemists, Is.

LIVER . Baler' 4161, 3VO. CIIHKO Bn !TILE Forty in a 1 IVER vial. g FIL ru, T,r -.Cure Torpid Li

===== 0002601_18980325_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY.

EXHIBITION AND CONCERT.

I The Warrington Photographic Society has bean an un- assuining but quirriy active little body for a few years. Its doings have hi, herto been mostly confined to the knowledge of its inernhers hut at last the Society has cone before the tihic with a concert and exhibition of slidea,etc. The debut was made in Parr Hall on Saturday evening, end chit it was a success of a most befittiog character, no one, we think, will be prepared to deny. A strong feature of the programme provided was its variety, and this eornbined with its general excellence made it a source of unalloyed pleasure to the very large audience. The artistes were Mrs. D.S. Stone (soprano), Mr. Peter I. Bate (nags), Mr. R. H. Pearson (violinist), an I Mr. W. H. Payton (accompanist). Both the vocal- ists achieved a most gratifying success. Mrs. Stone (the wife of the hard-working secretary of the Society) gave very tasteful interpretation, of " The Dar Homeland " and " When you Forget." Her voice, though not of the variety commonly called robust or strong, still possessed enough volume to make it dis- tinct and clear even to the back of tbe large hall. Mrs. Stone's first effort was much the best, the song itself being better ruiteri to her expressive vocalisation. The encore ,lemancled was of an enthusiastic character. Mr. Rate was decidedly in good voice, and rolled forth "Oh, oh. hear the will winds blow," and "Foe Nude-4,11Ra,- a vigour and tenefulness which won him hearty aPp'aiise. In response to the demands of the audience foil 'wing upon his rendering of the last named song,Mr. Bate gave the well-worn favourite" len'her O'Flynn." Warrington reanple are so accustomed to hearing and applauding Mr. P :arson in his capacity :IS violinist that his success in..Carzona,'"Mobile Perpertio,"and "Faust" was in the ordinary course of events. Fie was con- strained to repeat "Mobile Perpe'uo." Mr. Payton accom- panied in a maneer which considerably enhanced all the musical items The cinematograph, being still in a great measure a novelty, was perhaps, the premier attraction. Mr. J. T. Chapman, of Manchester, went through four series of films, the subject matter .4 which was produc- tive of much enjoyment and amusement. Some of the more popular pictures were the Haunted Chamber, the Death of Nelson, Saowballing, and the scenes in which bre ikiue WAVPA were shown. Nothing more realistic could be irnagieed. At inter:els also views taken by the following members of the society were thrown upon the 4creen :—Messrs. J. Fairhurst, H. N. Houghton,J. Arm- strong, H. Bind, G. Kirby, J. Dolan, T. Welsby, F. W. Knowles, G. Orton, W. W. Winstanley and Mrs. Smithson. Is addition to local views there were pourtrayerl scenes from almost every part of England, and very beautiful most .if ahem were. That the society has within he ranks ,runia more thin oi-dinar', capable amateurs was at once demonstrated by the quality of the exhibited slils. Meesr.4.Armatrong,lioughton,Bo.nd, and Kirby had all got a colle:tion of views containing stone exquisite pictures, thoina of the last named gentle-- man being largely obtained during it tour in Norway. It may be interesting to our readers to know that the Society was f ninded in 1887 and during the last few years the meetings have been held in the Committee Room, or toe Lecture Room, of the Warrington Museum, though these have been found somewhat inconvenient, owing to the lack of accominndation for dark room pur- poses and fer carrying on the practical work of the Saciaty. Some time ago the Society took in hand the photeeraphinv of old buildings, &c., in this district for the Warrington Museum and with the aid of Mr. Made- ley, the curator of the Museum, a list was prepared and several places were visited and photographed, but the difficulty of making the necessary enlargements and the lack of dark room accommodation was a drawback to the work being proceeded with. TtleAtl difficulties have now been somewhat overcome, the Society having been allowed by the Ti.clinied Committee the use of two rooms in the School el Science building in Wilson Pat- ten-st.,one of which has been fitted up As A photographic ,lark room, with an enlariinei lantern, and the other is used fee the meetings and for the library. It was with the object of raisiog funds to defray the cost of this work, which has henn considerable, that the exhibition and concert were held.

REUINISCENOES ON THE BANKS OF

===== 0002601_18980325_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEE, AT PA RKGATE.

Oh. wonder-working Time. . .

Thy scythe hath left this as a ruined prey ; We charge thee with a crime ; . .

Thy wandering must have led thee far astray, To hurt this no.)le stream,

Where once a country's hope and joy did beam. Commerce received a blow. _ . _

When thou with allies one, and all combined,

Resolved to overthrow A city's pride, with budding wreaths entwined, Bad was the awful day. Thy myrmidons began their wretched play 1 Sweet Dee thy shallow stream Did saes wall cope with Britain's proudest r:ver, The Sun of bops did gleam

In Majesty to make thee; famed for ever ; Yet unsuspecting deep, Thy bed waCdesttned for the ocean's sweep !

Nor worldly sycophants Alone do honour to thee with their praise Aurora gently plants Her footsteps o'er thee to transfix the gaze I The tranquil dawn of dpy.

Unto perfection doCh thy form dh(piay t And now the stilly night

With suiset mantling o'er thy vast expanse. With rays of sonny light On glittering stream thy beauties to enhance, A brilliant golden gleam. AN sweet and tranquil as a fairy dream! Oh! wonder-working Time. Thy scythe hath marked this as a ruho'd prey We charge thee witk a crime. Thy wand'rhaz must have led thee far astray, To hurt this noble stream, Where once a country's hope and j )y did Beam! JAMES MUIR.

Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCIDENT AT LATCHFORD LOCKS.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IN LONDON.

On Tuesday, in the Admiralty Division of the High Court, Mr. Justice Barnes had before him the motion of the plaintiffs in the case of the Manchester Ship Canal Company v. the Owners of the s.s. Harold, in objection to a report of the assistant registrar. The matter arose out of an action brought by the plaintiffs against the owners of the s.s. Harold, of Glasgow, to recover dam- ages for injuries done to the Latchford Lock of the canal. It appeared that on the 10th April, 1895, the Harold,a vessel of 1,000 tons register, was proceed- ing down that part of the canal which lies between the upper lock and the intermediate lock (Latch- ford) at full speed. The gates of the interrnsdi- ate lock were opened for her reception, hut in ' passing through the Harold struck against the " leaves," carried them away,end seriously damaged the sate. The Immediate result of the accident was that the " leaves " were carried down on to the lower gates and prevented their being shut. The upper gates were slammed to, hoerever,and this prevented the water rushing down the canal. A telegram was sent to Liverpool for assistance —first to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board and next to the Liverpool Salvage Associatiou,and they sent their powerful steamer Ranger. She at once set to work,and succeeded in pulling the leaves free of the lower gates, which were then shut. The Ranger was next engaged ' to tow the intermediate gates up the canal to have them repaired, and for this purpose greenhart wood had to be procured at considerable trouble. The gates were ultimately repaired, and put in position. The defendants admitted their liability, and at the reference the plaintiff company, amongst items, put in a claim of £3,118 3t. 81. in respect of losses sustained by having to take tho intermediate gates up the canal ; b t the assistant registrar only allowed £2,157. Ile also reduced a claim of the plaintiffs from £3,470 to £1,735 made in respect of some new steel gates which had to be used while the other gates were being repaired. The assistant registrar held that the defendants ought not to pay snore than half the coat of the steel gates, on the ground that they would be of use to the plaintiffs on some future occasion. The plain- tiffs further complained that the assistant registrar im- properly disallowed a claim of £BO for the interruption of the canal,that be did not allow sufficient interest,and that he made a wrong order as to costs. There was a aross-motion by the defendants as to certain other small itents allowei by the registrar. Mr.L E. Pyke,Q.C.,and Mr.B.Aspinall appeared for the defendant appellants. At the conclusion of the arguments, his lordship intimated he would reserve his judgment.

Police-constable Wiflian Hinsdale, of the Bolton force, who is already under remand on a charge of shop-break- ing,was remonded at Wigan on Wednesday on a further charge of the same kind. A sensation has been created by the discovery of 159 keys at his residence. Findlater, the renowned piper of Dargai, was among the invalids for Netley Hospital brought to Southampton on Monday on the troopship Simla.

IYOLIiS 1 CYCLES kj For Ladles and Gentlemen, "ROYAL AJAX' are finest value. Carriage Paid. 30 per cent cheaper than elsewhere. Immense stock. New and Secondhand. hasy terms. From 10s. Monthly. OLD 14411OHINIIS RUH A NMI D. 898 Illustratm Lists Post Free. Lerze Cycle Riding School TRH BRITISH oYOLIS MANUFACTURING CO.,

_ 45, BVEBTON•ROAD. LIeEIIPOOL. Cit 9 Branch; 30, ELLIOTT-STRrilat LIVEIRPOOL. Telephone 113 Antleld.

BIRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, AND mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer In British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass ' shades, Stags' Heads. Cabinets. Store Boxes, Nets and an requisites for Butterfly and Bgg CollectOrk—B. COOKE. Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw - street. Liverpool Established 24 years.

~..-..._• ...-kecs . \,•,tis..e.A. ~:. ,s VA:`, • .4tiftW , •••.,,--:---- 1 4-',,...,-- . b s,'. il) - .., i , . --..........

===== 0002601_18980325_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. PERCY DAVIES AND THE SOUTHPORT G OLF CLUB. _ _

Mr. Percy Davies, of Warrington, having offered a handsome silver shield to be played for by teams representing the resident memuers of the clubs, the first, competition took place on the links of the Southport Club, at Churchtown on Saturday, in fine weather. The competitions are by match play, and the club which WRIS two out of three matches will become the absolute owner .31 the shield. At Saturday's meeting Soutuport wodeasily, having a majority of 29 holes. The Southport players won eight games, lost one, and halved one. The second match will take place on the Birkdals links in September.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAINING COLLEGES IN 1897.

WARRINGTON COLLEGE.

A blue-book was issued by the Education Department on Saturday containing renerts on work done at the training colleges during 1897. The reports araliasues! earlier than usual, as those making them were engaged' on the important inquiry into the pupil teacher mystellif and realised that a thorough voiew of the present eve tern must form an essential element of the inquiry.ltar. Oakley in his report remarks upon the quite admirable discipline and behaviour of the students and the uniforie courtesy and friendliness of the staff, while another point of praise was was found in the excellence of the rilo citation at the colleges for women. Mr. Oakley expressill tbe opinion that the ideal training would be {mina in entering college at the age of 17 and pursuing studins for two years with very little or no practice in teller Mg. In the third year they shruld practice in school's learn the art, history, and practice of teaching,and con' Untie to some extent their favourite subject, whethe languages, mathematics, or anything else. There arils however, Mr. Oakley ears, two objections to a univerae third year at present. One is that the supply of trainee teachers is less than the demand, especially of women $ the other is that few could afford to forego any salad; for three years. On the whole, the foroign system training is considered the brat. The report on the mar cheater, Chester, and Liyerpool Diocesan irraininy COY lege at Warrineon says the college has vastly improyoo both as to the budding and practising, school and 100 in efficiency. The students are under excellent discir line and are very well taught, while the main feature Ise a criticism Iffssen heard bv the inspector was the adnil. able summing-up of the discussion by the pfincipal.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE AT DALLAM-LANE FOUNDRY.

On Tuesday Mr. R. Lowe, auctioneer, iYarringroS conducted a clearance sale of the plant. Sce„ of 4 this old-established works, which closes its career as an iron foundry. Up to a few years ago it WO one of the principal railway rhair foundries in 040 country, turning out 500 or 600 tons weekly. This trade has now gone out of private enterprise, thl leading railway companies having laid down pianC for manufacturing their own supply. The workf, were established by the late Mr. Samuel Rottmafl? subsequently carriect on by his son, the late Mr. Vir•o .... Horton, end Jr, James Walker, and were lona" known as the Chalks Foundry. Good prices • realised at the sale. We understand the pre' have been let to a local firm of coal merchants.

To 'Sforivzls. —Mrs. Wilmslow's qoothing Syrup has fed over fifty years by million; of mothers for their reu while teething with perfect success. It will reliefs our sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; it duces natural quiet steep by reli,ving the child from I and the little cherub awakes •' ss bright as a button." C Chemists Is. lid. per bottle.— Adrt. The Health and Vigour of an individual depends the quantity and quality of the Blood. When the have been at work there are thrown into the blood wa ducts, and If these be not eliminated but (through any detained in the blood they influence nutrition aud fu' and finally produce organic dise 'se," • 'l') manit In cases of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema. Dad Legs. Skin Blood Diseases, Piinplealand Sores of all kinds, the effec Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellone. Thousands of derful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood as sold everywherext Es. 9d. per bottle.—Beware of av"" imitations and substitutes. —Advt.

vice

wor

===== 0002601_18980325_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
t ; , ob. prV .00 ell .

===== 0002601_18980325_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Lproila ; .et

===== 0002601_18980325_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
weie

title°

===== 0002601_18980325_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
b.lt

===== 0002601_18980325_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
aro°

tfoto

===== 0002601_18980325_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
wasid.39ol

00'601 bingo°

===== 0002601_18980325_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
its;isrl,:j

eftedk

===== 0002601_18980325_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L '1:. '

Ulku*A4

===== 0002601_18980325_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SYraington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for their rich and delicious flavour. Sold small and large bottlefs by 'Grocers in every town.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY SCHOOL BOARD. THE PLAYGROUND QUESTION. A special meeting of the Daresbray School Board was held on Thursday last week, in the schoolroom, Dares- bury. The Rev. F. T. Clarke presided, and there were also present Mr. Tickle, (vice-chairman), Captain Rogder, Mr. Brooms, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Phillips, and Mr. Sharpe (deputy-clerk). The busine4s of the meeting was to hear a report from the deputation which had waited upon Mr. John White (representing Sir Gilbert Greenall) with reference to the playground near the schools.—Mr. Broome asked who appointed the deputation.—Mr. Cooper replied that Mr. Phillips had proposed the vies -chairman and himself, and Miss Dutton had seconded it and added the name of Mr. Phillips to it.— Mr. Broome : It was totally out of order.—Captain Rodger : They ought to have given notice of that resolu- tion before adopting it.—Mr. Cooper: We were quite in order—Captain Rodger : I am perfectly certain that you were not in order.—The Chairman: It was out of order altogether to appoint a deputation in that manner.—Captain Rodger and Mr Broome went on to say that the deputation appointed itself.—Mr Cooper : I don't agree with that as the deputation was perfectly in order.—After some further discussion Captain Rodger , hought they might let the matter drop and go on with the business.—The report of the deputation was then proceeded with, and it included a letter from Mr John White dated March 11th andlwhich stated that the dept.'. tation waited upon him consisting of Messrs. Tickle, Cooper,and Phillips with reference to the acquisition of the land. Sir Gilbert Greenall was still unwilling to autherise the sale of the land for the purpose required but he had no power to lease it for longer than 21 years except for building purposes. There appeared to be a difficulty for the Beard to get money on security foi so short a lease. He was however authorised by Sir Gilbert to say that he himself would advance all the money required, which must not exceed £l5O, and charge the Board 2i per cent on the outlay with £1 nominal rent for the land. This would amount to £4 15s.per annum only—an additional one-eighth of a penny on the rates. This would be far less than if they had harrowed he money elsewh(re.The deputation received this proposal very favourably, and he trusted that it would commend itself to the other members of the Board, and that they would not, as on the occasion of the last offer—which most people con.idered a gener- ous one—draw forth unjustifiable, not to say abusive, remarks, which only tended to mislead the public, and were eminently calculated to delay the carrying out of a very urgent and advisable improvement.—Captain Rodger cmtended that the remarks whic`i had been made concerning the last offer wsre fully justified under the circumstances. It was a very unfortunate thing that it was necessary to make such remarks. He, how- ever, consider, d this offer a generous one, and he was quite prepared to acknowledge it as such.—Mr, Bronme said they could not accept the offer until the next meeting as they would have to rescued the resolution to acquire the land by compulsory purchase—Alter a little further discussiou Mr. Cooper gave notice that at the next meeting he would move the rescinding of this resolution for acquiring the laud by compulsory pur- chase,amd ac eptance of the present offer.—The meeting shortly afterwards terminated.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN CuMPETITION_ AT THE

ay MNASIIJ3I.

There was only a moderate attendance at the first annual gymnastic competition held in the Borough Gymnasium, Palmyra Square,Warrington, on Saturday evening. Mr. J. Kinsley, the director of exercises at the institution was unable to be present through serious iliness,and the duties which would naturally fall upon him were satisfactorily discharged by Mr. G. N. Vernon,the energetic hon. secretary. Mr. D. Jones presided,and amongst those also present were Councillors Minion and Evans (members of the Gymnasium Committee). Consi- dering that this was the first competition of the I kind at Warrington, the number of entries was , very good, including as they did, the names of some of the leading gymnasts in Lancashire and Cheshire. The proceedings commenced with a dumb-bell exercise by members of the War- rington gymnasium, the pianoforte accompani- ments:being played by Miss Clayton. In the com- petition, the competitors who numbered ten, went through one voluntary exercise upon. the parallel bars and horizontal bar, the maximum points awarded on each apparatus being 20. Marks were awarded for the best exhibition of strength, skill, agility and grace. The concluding item in the I competition was rope climbing, the competitor being obliged to climb the rope hand over hand without using the feet, both legs to be on one side of the rope. One mark was awarded for each yard climbed the first time up the rope, and two marks for each yard after. The competitors were :—J. Jackson, Folds-road Gymnasium, Bolton; J. Johnson, Y.M.C.A. Gym- nasium,Manchester;T.Butt erworth,Lads' Club Gym- nasium, Stockport; A.Lund,Social Club Gymnasium, Manchester; W. J. Burrows, Balfour Gymnasium, Liverpool ; H. Bradley, Y.M.C.A. Gymnasium, Man- cheeter ; H. Preston, Proctor Gymnasium, Hulme Manchester; G.T. Mellor,Y.M.C.A. Gymnasium,Man chester; A. Mottram, Warrington Gymnasium; and H.Jones, Simpson Memorial Gymnasium, Moston. It will be seen that there was only one Warring- ton competitor—A. Mottram—and he just failed to receive the third prize by losing points which it was anticipated he would get in rope climbing. In the horizontal bar exercise, T. Butterworth secured 19 points, his rearest rival being Jackson with 18 points. In the parellel bars, Butterworth was beaten by one competitor—Johnson—who gained 19 points to Butterworth's 17, but still the latter was able to hold the best aggre- gate on the two exercises. In rope-climbing, Burrows was the best with 25 marks, Butterworth coming next with 23. The total scores are appended from which it will be seen that Butterworth won the first prize rather easily with 59 points to his credit. The second prize fell to Mellor with 51i marks, and the third was captured by Bradley. The latter was run very close by Mottram, and Burrows who each made 47 points. Scores:— COMPETITORS. Horizontal Parallel Rope. Totals. Bar. Bars. Jackson Johnson Batterworth Lund Burrows Bradley Preston Mellor Mottram H Jones The competition among the members of the War- rington Gymnasium for the champion eight was concluded, the rope-climbing i having been pre- viously omitted. The results nducing the points gained in rope-climbing on Saturday were as follows :—Mottram, 166 k; Doncaster, 150; Hughes, 131 k; Hearne, 131 i ; Parr, 128 ; Hopkins, 105; Boa- cow, 104 ; Leigh, 91. Medals were afterwards pre- sented to the successful competitors in both compe- titions by Mr. D. Jones.

0411.0.0* *04"0.434473•04C4034+0,24 : Satisfactory alike to gusti land host is coffee made with: Symington's Edinburgh Coffee: Essence. sold in small and lave 3 bottles by Groc,ns everywht-Te.", ,; ", '..!. c,.:.':7l!n7:,G,;VY:', Y. '...7.;,,0 -^l9l*•7.'lCKs.s.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRMINGHAM, COVENTRY, and LONDON.

PRICE LIST FREE tIN APPLICATION.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
t doe 4 ito darh 'Azle _b

===== 0002601_18980325_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
All Chemists. Wholesale Depot: 104, Golden Lane, E.C.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLT, SWAY

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

fiR0.601.11715, ASTHMA, 71A*FLUENZA, 007JOHS, COLDS, SOBS THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, eco. The OintAleut is a Sure Remedy for

CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISEt: SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Bce.

trian••,4.ractul'ed onl7 a 78, NEW OXFORD STREET. -LOINIcacgW,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINFR, FLIDA Y. MARCH 25, iB9B.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,tif four

===== 0002601_18980325_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIR SIAM

For Grey or Faded Hair. No Smell. Washable Nourishawe ah 4. Lasting. Price 1;6, or Post Free 19. "RESTORENIU." t. The Most Marvellous Discovery of the 19th Deift.try For Strengthening and Invigorating the HAIR, BEARD, and MOUSTACHE. BVLUNESS successfully cured by a reguiu, and systematic use of .• REsToRENE." .

Price z &26 post free from the Sole Proprietors, THE " RE STORENE " CO., ooa.Bartholomow Road,

Loadon, N.W.

T .4G AIN 0 _ STAINS THE. - DOES NOT HAIR HAIR ANY SHADE DESIRED. LIKE A DYE. - . • 0 44P 1".. I • 4 At, - Id (. ) No Toilet Table complete without RESTORENE.' " RESTORENE"

===== 0002601_18980325_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/ I

===== 0002601_18980325_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
DEAKIN'S

MA 1 MALADE

Pleasing _Everybody

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
;EpittiM'S

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digesticn,

Disordered Liver and Female Atimcrsts.

-- Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. 'Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH CA.\[BRTC POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS

Guaranteed all Pure Flag. T. adies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozer. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beaut• fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen.

IRISH LINEN DOLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozen ; made spec,al to pattern; 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittinr,,s, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 5/6 per dozen. DINNER r 9PKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen.

IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, qd. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SUR'PLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen.

IRISH DRESS LINENS, FOR Slilkt NI ER AND EVENING WEAR. all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, IRISH TWEED, and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear.

PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST.

'ARCELS OVER 20J- CARRIAGE PAID. 'ON & CO., LARNE, IhELAND.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
For PILES ULCERATED LEGS AND ALL WOUNDS AND SHIN DISEASES, u. Dr. Roberts' Poor Man's Friend Ointment. Proved by over 100 yeare' use tri all parts of the F.mptre to b. the best. Many Wonderful Cures, Use Dr. Roberts' A...,..rr0t1ve Pills for all Impurities of the Blood, and all Om odors of the Stomach and Liver. Of all Chemiata, 113. 29, and 111- each, or of the Sole }fakers: Beach a Bornioott,Ltd., Bridport, Dorset MlCilloit TRIS PAPitlt.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLID SILVER WATCHES.

For Ladies 8/11, 16/6; iluston 22/6 to 38/ SOLID GOLD CASES, 30/- to £5. LADIES' :OLID SILVER ALBERT CHAINS 2/11, 3/6, 3/11, to 12/6; SOLID GuLD 25 to £5. SOLID SILVER BROOCHES (hall marked). go. to 3111. ditto ditto Name Brooches 100, to 1/6, all are hall marked. SOLID GOLD BROOCHES 5/11 to £4. ELECTRO-SILVER PLATED TEASPOONI 1/114 RALF-DOZEN, to 7/6. ditto ditto DES- ma FORKS on SPOONS 2/114 to Sill. ditt( ditto, TABLE FORKS or SPOONS 4/11 to 12i CHEAPER FORKS AND SPOONS, TEASPOOI (WRITE METAL) from 44d. half dozen. dit DESSERT FORKS or SPOONS from 94d. halt dozen. Dessert Knives from 1/44 half dozen. MEAT CARVERS from 2/11 ivair, ditto in cases from 5/11 (in- chiding steel) to 501- the case of five pieces. Table Knives from 1/- to 12/6 the half dozen.

22,

ELECTRO SILVER PLATED DREARY/IEI CEUETS (as drawn). 1/11, to 15/6. ditto Dina Crusts, 2/11 to £3. Electro Silver Teapots fro 3/11,. Tea and Coffee Services from 9/9 the s of 4 pieces. Ladies' Dressing and Companio Cases 10id. to 50/-. Albums with or without Music at all prices to 15/6. Clocks, Barometer 2, Opera Glasses at Cheapest prices. Dominoes from 30. to 4/6 box. Model Steam Engines (as sketch) 1/6i to 7/6. Model Locomotive Engines from 2/11 to 8/11 MAGIC LANTERNS 104 d. with six ides, Lamp. etc., Complete ditto, Niger with 12 Slides 2/11 to 17/6 in- luding Mechanical Slides, Clockwork oys from lop. Fretwork Tools and ols in Boxes from 100. set. Marble Jocks and Bronzes, Mouth Organs, Accordions and Concertinas, Hand- Mirrors, Jewellery and all kinds of Fancy Goods, visit

/6 'MS v '4.;' \‘`'sitp. ' . • Silver Watch

.tefrOzaeo,, ^ -446410 y, '4 4, • ' •••• Alr"ArN " • ,„4,44A 4,4444 4.• - V. t-. Fit ings• 2111, , Ir. 'sllV'' -• - Where you can get

in i)i ~.........., 1, V 1 (0 ...-- -- ./6, V .. iNS . _ ditto 1 China lii seuit

===== 0002601_18980325_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBERTS

10, Church S. ravEnpoo single arti es at

, Lt 1.4 • Electro Silver talk 41 it V 72:g va ,1 r=l r.= ‘ll ' 4 11, 4. y , 9 -- wholesale pri c c

===== 0002601_18980325_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
tetters' to tile (IDltor.

- - THE WORN-OUT POSTMAN. Sir,—l noticed the parr.gripm (March 4) on the retire- ment of Alexander Flaher fr,an ill-health. Feeling in- terested in the matter I made enqairies and find that during the 22 years he has been in the Service,hia round, includlng Collins Green,has been in all weathers from 18 to 20 miles a day—roughly speaking 160,000 milss—a protracted pilgrimage. No doubt he will receive the pension award!'t for long service, but sickness and domestic affliction have borne very heavily upon him. The writer would be pleased to receive contributions to a fund for his benefit.—l am. sir, yours sincerely, ARTHUR PEAKE. Chemist and Dentist, Earlastown. March 17th, 1698.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE ASSESSMENT OF PUBLIC-HOUSES IN

WARRINGTON.

Sir,—Would you kindly insert the enclosed letter addressed by our Firm to the Chairman of the Finance Committee. If one public-house is assessed at one half its value, as compared with another public-house, it follows that public-houses, similarly assessed must be at half value, as compared with other property. Either certain public-houses, are half assessed or other property le doubly assessed. Which is it ?—Yours faithfully, W. A. ISIS/101" AND CO., LTD.

.1. Shaw Green, Esq., LP., Chairman of the Finance Committee, Warrington C:iporeion, Warrington. Dear Sir,—Why is the Bath's Hotel, which cost the Warrington Corporation £3,100, assessed at £ll9 rate- able, whilst the Seven Stars property. which cost double the amount, is only assessed at £l2O ? How it that the Queen's flo•elowned by the Warrington Corporation,is assessed at £llO rateable, whilst the Feather's Hotel for which £lB,OOO :s asked, is assessed at £62 rateable ? Should not the assessment of public-houses in Warring- ton be comparatively equal ? Can yen tell us why the overseers in Manchester, Accrington, Crewe and other places are looking into the matter ? Yours faithfully, W. A. BISHOP AND CO., LTD.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH'S PUBLIC 14E1'71

Sir,—l have watched with interest the proceedings of Stockton Heath Parish Council during the past twelve months, and I was naturally curious to know the result of the voting at the annual meeting of parishioners. Messrs. England and Mason, who championed the cause of the public against private interests are at the bottom of the lot. . One is apt to indulge in cynical musings as ta the influences at work in popular elections, and endeavour to follow up the causes which result in one man being elected, and another—sometimes a better man—being rejected. But I f,rbsar. What I wish to do is to call attentim to the Nct that Messrs. England and Maxon who incurred considerable obloquy of a sort for disinterested service are, strange to say, not ..lected. Surely the qualities of intelligence, and independence should command our approval and admiration, and I am not without hope that at the poll which is to take place, the ratepayers gen rally, will not endorse the voice of the annual meeting, but will include Masers. England and Mason among the successful candidates.— Yours, &c.

SPECT &TOR.

THE RECENT DEBATE ON SPIRITUALISM. Sir,—Having read in your issue of the 12th the ietter by Mr. H.Whitham in reference to the recent debates on Spiritualism and also in the same issue your report of the excellent sermon by the Rev. J.Yonge, may I be per- mitted to state, that Secularism can never satisfy the hopes and aspirations of mankind, for, as Mr. Yong, so admirably pointed out, "The different religious denom- inations are all evidences of our deep consciousness that this present passing world has clear and close relation- ship with a world that is lasting and eternal." The quotation I have made is so very good that your readers will not mind reading it again, and if it be true iii. the most important thing for mankind to learn and realiz3, for although those who disregard it may consider them- selves too wiae and practical to be taken in by vulgar errors and delusions, yet are they not far from being practically wise ? Correct ideas are as necessary for our moral welfare as healthy food is for our physical well tieing. Is it consistent for a man to encourage and cul- tivate in himself a regard for justice if he does not be- lieve it to be a principle of or to exist in the universe. Oh love, oh, beauty, health and life. Is death triumphant in the strife ? Have ye no hidden power to live Beyond the gloom his shadows give? Is it In vain we live and fight. In vain we struggle for the sight, Shall hope and Lave sad friendship be But withered leaves upon the tree?

Nearly all religious errors contain an important truth. Take the first to which lir. Whithatn refers—predes- tination. Is it not a fact that before the birth of matt nature had evolved ordered predestinated laws of his physical and moral nature ? There is a great tendency to misapply an important truth when it is first forcibly realized. What is the meaning of everlasting punish- ment ? Not that the sinner will be eternally punished, but that it is a law of nature that violations of the har- mony and beauty of the universe are punished now and will be forever mare. How very thankful ought we to be that suffering must follow sin, for it is the only way to separate us from that baleful throng—Yours truly, S. KENYON. Warrington.

WARRINGTON v. RUNCORN. Sir,—When are the Warringtan Fmtball Club officials going in for a better three-quarter line ? Last Saturday's match with Runcorn was only a further proof of the poorness of the home back division. With the exception of Isherwood, I think they wore clearly out shone by their opponents, particularly in the latter stages of the game, for when Runcorn began their passing, the game was rapidly taken towards the home goal, whereas when Warrington began to pass (which was seldom), the ball simply travelled across the field without any apparent gain whatever, and very ol;en being mulled and opportunities lost. This clearly shows a want of practice with the ball, and a want of proper combination. Moores would play considerably better,in my opinion, if lie could keep his temper a little more under control. Our half backs made plenty of openings, but after we have said that, we have said all. No one can deny that we have a good set of forwards. and I am sure it must be very disheartening indeed to them at times when their efforts are so poorly seconded by the hacks. Now,to my way of thinking, there seems to be a "touch" of selfishness in their play, and this is more plaialy seen when there is a new man on the team. I should have thought Hull Kingston would have shown them how to play an unselfish game, but lam disappointed. Now,if this difficulty of "self-play" is to be overcome, our teams must have more social in- tercourse together, such as,l should say,hot-pot suppers, smoking concerts, So., where players and officials can meet together, about once a month. I am sure this could be done on very little expense, and it would be good way of getting the players together oftener and infusing a more "friendly " feeling throughout the club. I happened to be a spectator on Saturday last, and these thoughts struck me as being one way of improving our team. I suppose the other way would be to import better men. Of course good men cannot be got hold of every day, but I should think Warrington should stand as good a chance as any other club, if they chose to speculate a little. Spectators, I think, now-a-days, are not so strong on local talent, as the want of good foot- tall. For instance, take the Widnes-v-Hunslet match a fortnight ago. It was surprising to see the large num. her of Warringtonians on the Widnes ground, and our first team at home too. If our spectators are willing to pay is. railway fare and another 6J. sr is. to see the match, I think it quite proof enough that, if the W.F.C. officials will got good footballers, they will also get big " gates."—Yours truly,

" SPECTATOR."

ALLEGED BREAKING AND *...NTERING A LOCK-VP So?. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Thursday before Alderman James Fairclough (in the chair), and Alderman Sutton, two Warrington men named Joseph Lhagley and Frederick Pridden,were charged with break- ing and entering the lock-up shoo of Charles Paikin, furniture dealer and clothier, at 39 Mersey-street. and stealing a silk handkerchief,shirt and muffler, valued at 7s. &this propsrtv,between 8.30 on the 22nd March and g a.m. on the 23rd March.—The Chief Constable first asked for a remand until Monday, in order to obtain further evidence. Mr. Paikin's manager locked up the premises as usual on Tuesday night,and left them secure as ho thought. The following morning, at about nine o'clock, the manager found the place in a state of disorder, but at the time he did not see that anything was missing. He afterwards found that A shirt, silk handkerchief, and muffier were Missing, and also that the catch on the back kitchen widow was broken, evidently wkere the men had effected their entrance. Information was given to the police, and Detectives Barlow and Roper went into the neighbourhood for the purpose of making Moen. vations. At 11.30 p.m. they heard a noise of someone tampering with a window in Mr. Paikin's premises. One of the offieers managed to look over Mr. Paikin's gate and saw the two prisoners standing on a box tam. Perin with the window. The officers Mimed over the rats and caught both prisoners and brought them to the Police Station. The shirt and nudger were found en Li o and in one ot his pockets was the silk pocket handkerchief. A number of envelope. With Mr. Paikin's name minted osi were found on Pridden, as well as a pawnticket relating to clothing which had been pawned during the past three months. All these articles have, it is alleged, been stolen from Dir. Paikin's premises. The ps isoaers admitted kaying been on the premises lea, fore.—They were remanded until Monday.

FUR.—SKIN RUGS Dressed. Cleaned, and Lined Fur alterations of every desortotton. B. COOK F Mrnufacturing Furrier, 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool. 11,- tabiished 24 years.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

4'

===== 0002601_18980325_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
EALgSTOWN AND NEVirTON,

P.S.A. rhe usual weekly meeting was held iAhe Co- opei ative Flail, on Saturday evening. Mr. J. Stringer presided, and an address was given by Mr. G. Dying. Toe vocalist for the afternoon was Mr. P. P. Clare.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Poracz CASES.

At the Town Harl,-sfeWtO-IT,C;c;-Saturday morning before Mr. T. J. Gillespie Elizabeth Tither and Bernard Adams were charged with being drunk on Friday night and were each fined 2s. 61. and costs. At the Police Station, Earlestewn on Monday morning before Mr. C. B. F. Borron, John Costello, of St. Helens, was charged with being drunk, and was fined ss. thud costs. Margaret Edwards of Suez- street, Earlestown was charged with begging and was fined ss.and costs,in default being sent to gaol for 14 days. ORGAN RECITAL AT _EA.RLEaTOWN.—

At St. John's Church, Earlestown, on Sunday afternoon,an organ recital was given by Mr. Elenry Radford,organist at the church, assisted by Mrs. H. W.Radford,vocalist,sud Mr. J. 11. Peplow, violinist. There was a very fair congregation,and an excellent programme was most efficiently submitted, as fol- lows ;—lntroduction " The passion.'; violin and or- gan ; "Andante Religioso," Messrs.Paplow and Rad- ford • Finale: " Symphone Pathetique," ; sacred solo, " Lead kindly light," Mrs. H. W. Radford; violin obligato, Mr. Vaplow ; Grand organ sonata. violin and organ" Romance in F," Messrs. Peplow and Radford; Meditation ins Cathedral; Offertoire in C Minor. The collections were in aid of the or- gan clezning fund.

TEMPICRANCK ENTRUTAINMENT A EARLESTOWN Under the auspices of the Hope of Earlestowa lodge of Good Tempters, an entertainment was given in the Co-operative hail, Earlestowa, on Saturday evening. Mr. T. Cutler presided, and an excellent programme of songs, recitals and instru- mental selections was executed by the following: Messrs. W. Willie. A. Le.ices,W. Mather, J. Howard, J. Clare, H. Stanley, Heaton, W. Wilson, Misses Woods, Lily Barr, 0. Roberts, and Mrs. Williams. A humourous dialogue entitled "Irish servants," was given by Miss Warburton and party. Mr. W. Willis efficiently accompanied, and the entertain- ment was thoroughly enjoyed by the large audi- ence present. NRWTON MIISICkI. SOOIETT._

A sacred CO-ti.ceit. was given in the Town Hall, Newton, on Thu-sdoy evening, by the Newton Orchestral and Musical Society, assisted by Miss L. Cestria. The first part of the programme consisted of the selection "As Pants the Hart," in which the principals were Miss Appleton, Messrs. S. Higham, sad Turner, Birchall and Dickenson. A 'cello solo was given by Mr. R. Crossley land Hr. H. Smith sang "The voice of the fathers." Miss Cestria sang "Hear ye Israel," and the chorus "Be not afraid," followed. The second part consisted of Gounod's " Gallia "in which Miss Cestria took the priucipal part. The audience was but meagre.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
kOPE OF EARLESTOWN LODGE. 1.0.G.T.

This lodge held their weekly meeting in the Co- operative Hall on Monday night, C.T. Bro. T. Cutler presidicg.There was a good attendance of members, and one candidate was admitted to the lodge. Several communications were read by the Secretary dealing with the "Essay Competition," and a letter was read from the Sutton Lodge with reference to an entertainment. It was decided to hold a social and a committee was apvinted. A vote of condol- ence was pealed to be sent to Sister Mrs. Owen. The programme for the evening was "Brothers to enter- tain," P.C.T. Brother H. Williams being responsible and the following rendered their services to it:— Mouth organ solo, Bro. W. Wilson ; recitation, Bro. J. Warburton; song, Bro. J. Taylor, "There's a good time coming soon," (encore);reading, Bro. T. Cutler; song, Bro. Singleton; mouth organ solo, Bro. W. Davies; reading, Bro. E. Newman. Two visitors were present from Leigh, and one addressed the meeting, and spoke on the Leigh Alpha Lodge.

NEWTON DIVISIoN CONSERVATIVA iSSOCIATION. The annual meeting of the Earlestown Polling District of the above Association was held at the Conservative Club,Earles.toven, on Monday evening. Mr. C. B. F. Borron presided, supported by MessrsW. . Co Nlliianwcigwsoluedy (agent), ,W. Holland Fweiv. D Owen, 0. Bailey of e;y(s4 W. A chaster, and there was a good attendance. The Chairman spoke of the necessity of electing ofll.:ers to be prepared for anything that might ari,e, like wise men, He referred to the illness of Lord Salis- bury,and said it would be a great loss to this coun- try if be even temporarily relinquished his duties. The Secretary, air. Bailey, read toe minutes of the last meeting which were confirmed. On the mo- tion of Mr. Haselden seconded by Mr. Smith, Mr. Borron was reappointed chairman. Or. Handyside was reappointed vice-chairman. Mr. G. Bailey was re-elected secretary. The delegates to the Associa- tion were reappointed, and the working committee was re-elected. On the motion of Mr.Collingwood, seconded by Mr. Holland-Owen, a resolution of confidence in the foreign, colonial and domestic policy of the Government was passed . Mr. Deacon delivered a lengthy address in support of the resolu- tion, reviewing the general policy of the Govern- ment. Votes of thanks to Mr. Deacon and the Chairman terminated the proceedings. ST. DAVID'S CBLEDILATICIN AT EARLESTOWN. A 'ea parts'. concert, and competitions ill recit- ing, singing, ccc., promoted by the Weigh bolies of Earlestown was held in the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom on Saturday afternoon and evening. The tea was well attended, and those present did full justice to th,e substantial fare provided. The subeequent proceedings in the evening were, with one or two exceptions conducted entirely in Welsh. Mr. J. Morris, of Liverpool presided, and the Rev. A. W. Davies, of Ashtou, officiated as conductor. Practically the evening was given over to the various competitions, in which there were about 50 entries, from amongst the Welch bodies in Earles- town, Ashton, Golborne, Sutton and St. Helene. The adjudicators were—for music, Mr. .7. Evans, Man- chester ;recitations, hand-writing, &c., Revs. J. E. Jones, Warrington, and A. W. Davies, Ashton, and their decisions were as follows ;—Handwriting. Ist John Williame, Wargrave-road, Earlestown ; 2nd, Master MacDonald, Ashton. Duett, "Larboard Watch," winners, Mr. o..Tonee and Mr. Evans, Earlestown. Recitation. " Gelert,' confined to persons under 20 years of age. Ist. Master Griffiths Jones ; 2nd. Mis 9 E. Williams, Earlestown. Baritone solo, "The Collier," Ist, Mr. William Jones, Earlestewn. Anthem "Gathering flowers" for children's choirs. This was won by a children's choir from Ashton, Mr. P. Thomas conductor. Qaartette "Thou knowest what sayeth my heart," winners Mr. Powell and party from Earlestown. Recitation, "The Railway bridge on Are winner, Mr. J. Williams of Earles- town. Prizes were also awarded to Messrs. J. Roberts, Ashton, and Jones, Earlestown. and W. Hughes,Golborne. Soprano solo, "The Better Land," winner, Miss S. E. Watkins. Child's letter to its parents, Ist, Master MacDonald, Ashton; 2nd, Mae. ter W. Parry, Earlestown. Impromptu speech of Rye minutes, winner Mr. J. Roberts, Ashton. An- them "The days of meagre like grass." Four choirs took part in this competition the prize being taken by the Aehton choir. The only other item on the programme was a song "The White Dove," which was tastefully rendered by is J. E. Roberts.Votem of thanks were afterward given to the principals, the gathering being most successful.

P.S.A. AT THE Y, M At the weekly meeting of the above, on Sunday there was a full attendance in the Lecture Hail. The chair was occupied by Mr. E. England, who made a few remarks on the value of ‘7haragter. W. Light, the speaker, Rave an address on the " Common Sense of the Gospel." Mr. Ellan was the soloist, and very creditably aquitted Messrs, Brandwood aud Ellison took part in the service. Mr. F. Dickman was the accompanist. STYLISH SPRING MILLINERY. DRESS FABRICS, TRIMITIN4S, BLOUSES, &C., &C. "DRESSMAKING A SPECIAL- ITY." Charges moderate.—W. T. WILLIAM, Sankey- street, Legh-streat, Warriagton.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN3

(BY IN OCCASIONAL OORRICSP3NDRN C.)

The meeting in the Wesleyan Chapel on Tuesday in connection with the Lannon Missions was ime- cessFul in more ways than one. Financially the mission will benefit slightly, but it will also have succeeded in enlisting the support and sympathy of many who had hitherto given but little heed to the matter. The case for the mission was very lucidly and pathetically laid before the people by the Rev. W. D. Walters. the general secretary, and by the Rev. Peter Thompson of the East ,London Mission. Some of the stories told by Ow missionaries were very harrowing, and there is not the slightest doubt that the work to be performed by the devoted men and women connected with the mission is of the very highest order.

It is surprising what a very little will attract a crowd of hard-headed British subjects for the sale object of satisfying their curiosity. Last Sunday two special trains conveying some of the baggage and horses belonging to Barnum and Bailey's show

were expected to—pa;s through Earlestown about half-past three in the afternoon. About that time and for some considerable time afterwards the MOSTIOR running parallel with the railway was lined with people, and in Park Road over 100 were gathered ilia group. Neither of the trains appeared however, and many people seemed to think they had beea hoaxed. The trains did actually pass Earlestown, but it was not until after six o'clock on Monday morning, they having occupied about 25 hours on the journey from London.

The school question at Earlestown has reached another stage. It is settled that the proposed school for which we are to be expected to volun- tarily subscribe,is to be a Church of England school, Anyway it appears the condition hedging round the grant of land by Lord Newton is that it must be a C.;norainational (church) school. This is all very well,so far as it goes, but is it fair or reasonable to expect Dissenters to do anything at all towards the erection and support of such a school. When call- ing the meetings and appointing committees, the promoters of the affair very carefully kept back the information that the school would be denomina- tional,but hinted that it might possibly be a British sch.ol, knowing full well,that Lord Newton would not grant the land unless on the understanding that the school would be a church school. The Nonconformists are up in arms against the proposal and quite properly so too,and an energetic crusade against the raiepayers' money being diverted into a channel for the benefit of one c1a..48 only instead of for the whole community might possibly achieve its successful overthrow.

So far as the approaching District Council elec- tions are concerned, very little interest appears to be taken in them,save and except the contest which is inevitable for the representation of Town Hall ward. Contrary to first expectations the fight in this ward has been narrowed down to a dual contest, sir. G.Crossley,who was nominated,having withdrawn. The contest thus rests between Mr. W. Beatty and Mr. Thomas Robinson. The former is a Catholic and the latter a Churchman, but I think this fact will weigh very little in votes of the constituents. Mr. Beatty has a certain claim upon the electors from the fact that he has previously held a seat on the Council and represented the Crow-lane ward with ability. Mr. Robinson po,,.sesees an excellent re- commendation as a district councillor as, belng a practical engineer, his exosrience cannot fail to be of advantage to the Council as a whole. The addresses of both candidates, which have already appeared, seem to agras on one point,that the water supply of the township should be independent and in the hands of the Council. The election takes place on April 4th,and that day I anticipate,will witness one of the stiffest fights which has yet taken place in any ward.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
VirESLEYAN LONDON MISSIONS. ---- MEETING AT EARLESIGWN.

Oa Tuesday afternoon and evening special meetings in connection with the London Missions conducted by the Wesleyan Methodist body,were held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Earlestown. A sermon was preached in the afternoon by the Rev. P. Thompson of the East London Mission, and at the close a tea was partaken of by a number of those present. Tne evening mee'ing was presictsd over by the Rev. H. J. Scott. of Southpert,end he was supported by the Rev. W. D. Walters, General Secretary of the London atieeions, Rev. P. Thompson, Rev. F. E. Miller,Rev. P. R. Pasemore, &o. The Chairman made an urgent appeal on behalf of the Missions. They had with them two men who had given their lives to the work, and through them they con- veyed their hearty sympathy with their labours. The Rev. W. D. Walters was much obliged to the chairman for his sympathy with the cause. To give them an idea am to the vast area of London,he would tell them that the population of Lendon was now 8,100,000 people. The area of London was larger than that of New York, Paris,and Berlin put together. It had over 7,000 miles of streets, and, as sueeestive of the moral condition of London, a third of the crime of the whole country was committed in London alone, and if the public houses were placed tneether they would reach over 800 miles. The drink tiaffic there seemed to be on the increase. It was a sad fact that that night in Lon- don, quite 80,000 women would walk the stre-its ready Ito sell body and soul for a morsel of bread, and 10,000 of these poor fallen girls were under 18 years of age, and it was not an uncommon thing,as they had recently 11 found out, for young girls. of 13 veers of age to ply this trade night after night, and a vast majority were those who had come from eountry homes. It was a depl arable fast in connection with their London life that a papula• time twice as large as Manchester, dwelt in single rooms living under conditions which made morality,to say no- thing of religien, almost impossible. They heard a good deal of the wealth of London, but for the most part it was in the hands of men wile had no sympathy with Christ's wark. Only one person in four in the daily population of London earned anything like £1 pie" we-lc so that the vast majority of the people were very poor. It was a suggestive feat that 40,000 men, women and children were every night homelese and friendless, with not a place to shelter their head. He was glad to say that through the Salvation Army and other means, shelter hied been provided for many, but notwithstanding this 8,000 men, women,end childi en slept in the open air. This was a condition of things which was a disgrace to our national life. A quarter of a million single women in Leaden earned less than a shilling per day, and that by working long hours, and 320,000 people in the area of London Merle, were entirely dependent upon casual labour. Every year 110,008 young men from the country who weit to Lon- don to the hospitals, and to learn trades were drawn down into the vortex of came, and he would advice 'those who loved their chiliree to keep , them out of the City life, and not allow them to go unless they were truly converted, and teetotallers,. At the pretent moment thee' had in connection with the London Miseion, quite 1,000 men who had come from the ceuntry, avd who had given their hearts to God, and who were doing splendid Mission work. From inquiries which were made it was found that out if the vast maims of inner Lendon, barely 1± per cent, attended any place of wer- Shin, and yet we called ourselves a Chris- tian country. The Lnidon Mission le its guiding influence had crossed the mighty doen,and every city throeehent Australia had reaped direct results as the inspiration of the London Miesion. The same thing prevailed in New York and Japan. They bed not intended,a few years since.to do what the Len. dot Mission was new directine. They only intended them to have one Mission to one of the meet needed parts of London, they thought that was quite up to the Possibilities of the Methodist Church. Now, instead of hiving one M seion,they had six branches of the London Missi n, with 22 centres, 100 agents, and 14 ministers. They had a splendid body of men in connection with the ion, hut although the men were splendid the women,be thought, were better. He then proceeded tie give a detailed account of the work carried on by the , Wiles connected with the mission which chiefly related to rescue work. He alluded to the " Homes for the dy- I leg," which had recently been instituted, and which were established for the receipt of those homeless people who were discharged from the hospitals as incurablee. The Rev. P. Thompson also delivered an address en somewhat similar lines, and a collection wan made in aid of the funds.

Spumous "PINE PILLS."—A case wee tried at Montreal recently, in which H.E. Migner was proscuted for sell- ing a pill wh3eb was represented as being the same la D. Williams' Pink Pills. The matter was taken up by the Dr. Williams' Mnlicine Company, who were soon enabled to cannot sufficient evidence to warrant the ; arrest of Migner on a charge of obtaining money under false pretences. Counsel for the prosecutors said his clients did not wish to press for severe punishment this time they only wished to establish the fact that re Presenting a pill to be the same as Dr. Williams' Pink Pills was a crime which made the perpetrator liable to imprisonment. On the first charge the Fudge imposed a sentence of tea days, with the option of a line, and in the other case s sentence of two days impthonment ' without the option of a tine. This descision s(Cims to estathish the principle that those, who sell imitations representing them to be "the same as" Dr. William' Pink Pills are liable under the criminal code. " Chemist and Druggist ."

CIII3AP RTATIONHEY. ALIrr"S, Purees. Hymn BoAte Bibles.—Tolut S. GRIMM% Books-41er &a., 34. Bridge-et. STOTE3.-lleatisul and Co)klng. GARLAND, ironmonger Bridge-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, It9B THE NEW COUNTY COURT AND INLAND REVENUE OFFICES. DESCRIPTION OF TIIE BUILDING.

Considering its size Warrington, as a town, is remarkably deficient in buildings possessing decided claims to architectural beauty. Old-fashioned in many respects, "the good old town" has a great ' deal to pass through ere it may claim an archi- tectural equality with some similar municipalities. Even considering its growth—which is now of a rapid nature—Warrington has received little en- hancement in its outward appearance in the last 50 years. It is true that progress has been made but a townsman can show the visitor little in the archi- tectural line which be may reasonably be proud of. The edifice which forms the subject of our article will, however, be an unquestionably fine addition to the town's external and material charms. It is scarcely an exaggeration to say that the new County Court and Inland Revenue offices in Palmyra Square tor in the handsomest building Warrington is able to boast of. This quarter of the town bids fair to become a very creditable sample of Warring- ton's latest development. Though it may be going over old ground it is not superfluous to state that if ever say public offices needed new headquarters, the local branch of the Inland Revenue Department and the County Court, have done so for the laet decade. The disused chapel in Bank-street,and the old Infirmary in Butterinarket-street were, to state it mildly,far from suitable for the purposes to which they have been put, hut at last all requirements have been met in a most adequate manner. A few days ago an " Examiner " representative availed himself of the courteous invitation of el r E R. Hudson, (clerk of the works), to make an in- spection of the new premises. The details which were gathered from Mr. Hudson are the tour com- menced, give as the facts which we now proceed to enumerate. The work of building commenced at the beginning of August 1896, and proceeded satisfactorily, and expeditiously untlil the autumn was advanced, when considerable delay was rendered unavoidable by the heavy wet weather, and subsequently by the intermittent delivery of I stone. The latter is a special haid kind which was required for the steps and landings in the building. Since then the operations have gone on with as much smoothness as could be expected, and the " finished article " has been at the service of the Inland Revenue authorities for two or three weeks, and of the County Court officials this week. Mr. Henry Tanner, F.R I.R.A. (Her Majesty's Office of Works, Whitehall Place. London) is the architect, and it may be interesting to many to know that the new County Court is built on much the same lines as the one at Derby. Messrs. Beckett and Co., of Hartford, have carried out the building contract in a style which has won wide praise and given the greatest satisfaction. To proceed to statistics, the total area covered by the joint offices—which are only separated by internal arrangements—is almost 900 square yds.lt has two frontages,on i e n Hanover- at., and the other in Wi teigh-sto which measure respectively 80 ft. and 100 It. There are four stories —one a semi-basement—and the total height of the structure is 63 feet. The aggregate cost of its erec- tion is about £9,ooo,which is an exceedingly modest sum considering the excellence of everything con- nected with even the smallest details. A great point of the building is the admirable manner in which the internal arrangements have been planned. The two departments are entirely distinct trone one another and can bis quite shut off from inter-communication. Another good feature from an architectural rolut of view, as well as from that of comfort and convenience,is that though the site Is a square one the Moms are as well lighted in the middle as on the outside, due, of course, to the " well " in the centre of the building. The plauning of the staircases too is most excellent, and an indi- cation ofstheir general commodiousness is given by the fact that the principal one leading to the Court rooms is five feet wide. Another rather interesting feature is that a great many internal partitions, including the whole building, are fire- I proof. Where they are not actually solid brickwork there is a mixture of cement. and con- crete with steel uprights. The whole of the flooring is of solid wood block pr quet —rather a novelty in its way. American maple is used for this purpose, I instead of pitchpine,owing to its superior hardness. Four "Simplex" lire extinguishers and a number of fire buckets are stowed in different parts of the building. The heating arrangements have been car- ried out by Mr, S. Saunders, of Manchester, and are on the low pressure hot water system, consisting of 2-inch pipes with American radiators. The whole system is divided into three circuits, and each radiator is fitted with a valve which admits of the heat being shut off from certain portions of the building when necessary. There are three entrances to the premises, viz., public entrance to the County Court in Hanove et; public entrance to the Inland Revenue Offices .0 Winmarleigh-st; and a private entrance for the judge and officials in Winnearleigh- st. The exterior of the building is composed ot Ed- wards'presseis brick facings,and terracotta dressings. Mr. Hudson led the ." Examiner reporter through the whole of the 27 rcoms of the building, includ- ing the caretaker's suite, but exclusive of cellars, washhouses and lavatories. Frederick Marshall is the name of the caretaker, and he is a retired coast guardsman and has had 30 years experience in the navy. A more typical British sailor it would be insporeible to find. lie and his wife and daughter are established on the top floor of all. The Regis. trees Court is the largest apartment, its dimensions being 421 t. 6 inches long, SOft wide, and 24 feet high. Next to .it comes the Judge's Court which is practi elly a square, being 29ft long and 28 feat wide. Both courts have benches for the public on the floor, the Judge and Registrar being accommodated on a platform. They are two very handsome, comfoi table rooms, and a great contrast to their predecessors, The Judge, Registrar, Jury, Bailiff and Barristers have private rooms. Mention should also be made of the unusually commodious corridor outside the Registrar's Court, which is about 50 feet long and will b 3 supplied with move- able benches. Mr. R. Johnson, Bridge-street, has furnished the offices and other rooms throughout, massive polished oak forming the principal wood used. The doors are of polished teak. None of the walls are papered but are either left white or colour-washed. Pneumatic bells have been fitted to certain portions of the pre- mises. Both departments are proviaed with immense store rooms and coal cellars in the basement,and gas is the illuminant throughout. In several rooms are to be noticed a particularly neat I glazed-bricked fireplace and these have been sup- I plied by the Burmantoffe Faince Works Co., Leeds. The foreman of the works, Mr. William Hollings- worth, who has been responsible for the practical working of everything, is deserving of high praise for his management and supervision during the past eighteen months. A visitor's mind is impressed forcibly by the general air of comfort,commodiousness and bright- ness which the new premises possess. All the rooms are lot ty,and possessing large windows which allow a maximum of light to pervade everywhere. From basement to roof there is nothing wanting, and the handsome appearance of the building externally and inteenally speaks volumes for the way in which the £9,000 has been spent. The first Court will be held on the 31st inst. when the public will have an opportunity of seeing and admiring for thew.- selves.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

DEATH OF MAS.JOHN EfEDGCOCIL—Mrs.John Hecigcock wife of Mr. John Hedgcock, of The Grange, Stockton Heath, died at an early hour on Tuesday morning. She was 62 years of age,and had been ailing for a consider- able time, and it was known several weeks ago that her recovery was impossible. She had made a large circle of friends, and her death will be generally regretted by them. The funeral took place on Thursday afternoon in Hill Cliffe graveyard, the Rev.J.S. Hughes perform- ing the ceremony.

MORE GREAT CURES of torturing, disfiguring skin sealp,and blood humours are daily made by CIITICIIRA remedies than by all other skin and blood remedies cons bined. The beat physicians endorse and prescribe them. Chemists everywhere recommend them. They are abso- lutely pure, sweet, gentle, and effective, and especially appeal tn mo,bets, nu,ses. sad children. Warm baths with CUTICURA SOAP, gewls annin;ings with CI7TICTIRA, purest of emollieut skin u•ires,fulqa•ari by mild doses of CUTICPRA RESOLVENT, greatest ur blood purifiers arid humour cures, will cleanse the system by internal and external medication of every eruption and impnrity,and constitute the most effective skin cures, blood purifiers, ' and humour remedies of modern times.

DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATiBIi TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTRE TEA DELICIOUS DIAZAWATTHE TEA, Coes far in brewing and never lades, Said by HENRY 1111..rano and Co., LIMITED, 5, Horsemarket-street, and Corporation Buildings. Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
EA.RLESTOWN WOMEN'S LIBERAL

ASSOCIATION.

In connection with this flourishing association a most succes3fut social evening was held on Thursday night, in the Town Hall, Earlestown. There was a very large attendance of the fair sex, and the gathering was pre- sided over by Mr. G. W. Rawlins, of Rainhill. The affair was devoid of any polit:cal significance, the idea being to bring as many ladi,s together in a sociable manner, and at the same time assist the fund A of the association. The Chairman in opening the pro. (sidings spoke in a humorous strain of the manner in which the women were following the men, still, he contended, that the result attained by po.itical women was the furtheranci! of the true interests of the country. There were many ways in which men and women could work together,and do much more good than singly. He hoped these asso- ciations would increase and multiply. One of the things women wanted was a vote. They had it in municipal, and parish council elections, &c., but not Parlia- mentary. And why? Supposing they were duly qualified. They wanted first of all to make up their minds to have it. As an illustration he might mention that a lady was recently canvassed for her vote in the London County Council election, and in reply to the canvasser she said

• . she had been a respectable woman all her tile, and she was not going to vote now. (Laughter). He hoped the ladies of Earlestown were not of that way of thinking. Since 105 there had been 31 bye-elections, previous to which the Liberals held 13,the Tories having a majority of 5. In these divisions now the Liberals held 20, and Conservatives 11, making a Liberal majority of 9. These were 'representative seats comprising all classes of con- atituencies. The Liberals hao only lest one, that was York, and it might not be lost ar ..r all. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry to announce that M•aa ilarosey was not able to be present. She had recently become organising Secretary for the Association and she was now engaged at Maidstone in connection with it. An excellent programme of songs, duets, &1., was after- , wards submitted, as follows r—Quartette, " Where are you going my pretty maid," Misses Barr, Berry, Messrs. Clare and Webster ; song, " Kathleen Mavourneen," Miss Smith ; duet, "Spider and Fly," Miss Smith and Mr. Webster ; trio," Care killed the Cat," Messrs. Kidd, Clare,and Webster; song, " May Morning," Miss Barr ; song, "I look for thee in every sower," Mr. F. P. Clare ; quartette, " There was an old woman," Misses Barr. Berry, Messrs. Clare and Webster. elections were also played by the Phantasmagoria band,under the conductorship of Dar. J. Anderton, their contributions being " Hurrah, hurrah, tor England," " Men of Fier- lech," Killarney," " Pop goes the Weasel," " Ash Grove,"" Rule Britannia," and " God save the Queen." A vote of thanks to all those who had talrin part in the gathering was heartily aclorded on th 3 =lien of Mr. Smith, seconded by Mr. 0 wea.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON TiA.Nifili AN) ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

One experience of being knocked out of the cup ties in the first round strikes me as being more than sufficient. One could hardly,; couple of months ago,have imagined how much interest it would take from the doings of the loos' fifteen. Friendly matches seem an exceedingly poor substitute for the excitements of league battles,and especially also when your team cannot even win these unimportant contests. To fill up the vacancies in the fixture list Warrington have arranged to play Manning- Llano home and away ou successive Saturdays, and the first of the two encounters took place at Valley Parade last Saturday. 1 understand that at least one spectator went, so that interest in the doings of the club cannot be dead yet, All the available strength Warrington had was whipped up,and a full team made the long journey. An experiment was tried in putting Duckworth in the centre and Bate, junior, tehind the scrimmage with his brother. Warrington had the best of a pleasant game all through but instead of winning as any other team ' would have done, they came home with a adverse score of 8 points to two.

This ie nothing new. A few clubs have been made to feel themselves a beaten team on play and yet triumphed by superior scoring power when an opportunity pre- sented itself. For a full three-fourths of the game at Manningham the home team were defending as hard as they knew how, and yet they crossed the Warrington line on two occasions. That heavy-weight, combination ferward-threequarter-half-back Barraclough did the trick on both occasions, and before half-time. The first try was the mutt of good passing initiated by the scorer, and the second was gained by a purely individual effort on his part when near the line. It was tantalising. to see the way in which the visitore threw away their chances. Moores fumbled with the ball when ha had the line at his rnercv,and then Hallam had a beautiful open. log made for him by his captain, and instead of going straight over dodged about until he was captured on the wrong side of the line. The two Bates had really hard hack in their at:emote at scoring. Warrington were des- 1 ti vied not to be nilled however, far in the second half 1 Hallam by a tremendous drop-kick from near touch toweled the Mauningharn goal, Goldeess knows !, he'd tried often eneugh and at last success has attended Hal- lam'a efferts.

The Warrington forwards again played a splendid game, and the backs were all good at times, but their combination was worse than ever. Though the home team was constituted in a strange fashion as an experi- ment their efforte were much more concerted, and resul- ted in a tangible result. The Manningharn correspon- dent of the " Athletic News " has the following remarks lon the play of the Warrington team. "As already I stated, the run of the play was entirely in the visitors' favour, and they had many opportunities which were allowed to go by without good arising therefrom. Indi• I vidually they did well, but their defeat is explained by an almost entire absence of combination in their work and their miserable passing. The game was in their hands had they gone about their work hut they did not. and so they were kept at bay." " Entire absence of combination," and " mist able passing,"-- note that ye Warrington committee ! A candid opinion from an outsider !

The Warrington Committee have chosan the same team to do duty against Manninghtm to-day, but al- tered the three-quarter lino by placing Isherwood and Monies on the wing,and Hallam and Duckworth in tha centre. This alteration does not appear to have any merits. If the two best rnen,lsherwoocl and Moorea, are on the wing they will be in the positions where they will have least to do. On their own ground Warrinston night to beat Manningham.after having the best of the Play last Saturday. The visitors should hays a warns weleom*. Their last visit resulted in a very exciting gamn,the " Telles "just winning by a goal to two tries to Warrington's two tries. Their late full hack,Lorimer, won the gern". for them by a grand goal kick.

In Lancashire, Oldham If 4ve further evidence lof their ability by defeating Runcorn, and as Salford had no difficulty in disposing of Altrincham, Cheshire is now without a solitary representative. The pretensions ?f Barton were upset by Bromley, and poor Fleetwood said good-bve to the cup in very summary fashion at Hull, where the" dark " team of the competition amused themselves by running up thirty-one points to nothing. Widnes found it too difficult a task to win at Leigh,but in the re-ployed tie on Wednesday at Widnes, they simply pulverised their Opponents and won by 2 goals,6 tries, (22 points) to Leigh one try (3 points).

Singularly enough Lan—ca—sh;e—and Yorkshire have each four representatives left in, and more surprising still in each case a minia.ture county match will be Placed. Apart from anything else, this should make the fourth round tc :lay intensely interesting, and keen indeed will be the st, Iggle f )r entry into the semi-finals.

Save in one instance,form was pretty well borne out in the Iforicslaire snatches. The exception was at Rudders- tield,whsre Broughton Rangers played a fine game and won by two tries. A couple of dropped goals by A. Ward, who until recently played with the Castleford Rugby Union Club, made Castleford's prospects very rosy for a considerable time aeainst Batley. But the latter's superior finish in back play fold in the end, and the Cup-holding title has still to be taken from the "gallant youths." Bradford appear able to do better at Hull than any other Yorkshire team. They won there by two tries,and have thus beaten the " Seapor- tens " three times this season,

The following are the Matches in the fourth round of the cup-ties, to be played on the ground of the first- named : . Batley v Oldham - Hull Kingston Rovers • Widnes. • •. Bradford v Broughton Rangers. Salford v Bromley.

The results in the Lancashire section of the League are as follows

For. Apt. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Oldham 23-20... 2_ 1_26 65-247-16 16-- 80-41 Swinton' 23...18... 2... 3-30 76-288...15 15 75...39 Widnes 22,..16... 5 1...32 55-229_12 24 96...33 *Salford 2s_ls_ 7_ 3...27 70-264...23 44-178...31 Broughton Rgrs 22-12... 7_ 3_29 39--175-14 20— 88...27 Runcorn 23... 9...12... 2...20 32-136-23 34-148...20 Warrington 24... 9...13... 2...13 32-122...25 40-170...20 Wigan 23.,.10...13 0...17 24-106...20 32-154-20 *Leigh 23...10...12... 1...30 34-162...21 38-156 ..19 St Helens .. 23... 9...13... 1...17 33-139_27 42-180...19 S'ockport '3• B_ls_ 0...23 31-139.,.30 59-237...16 Tyldestey 24.. 8.18... 0.14 25-103..,29 64-250...16 Rochiale 2rrnets2s... 7..18... 0...25 31-143...27 59-231...14 Morecambe 23. 3...19,.. 1...12 12— 60...33 68-270... 7 •Leio, ,„,i Salford have had two points deducted for play- ing ineligible men.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

The opening run of the season under the auspices of tke Latchford Cycling Club seas held on Saturday last. There was a good muster, and the insmbers had an enjoyable ride ta Hollins Green, where tea was partaken of, the host of the" Red Lion "providing an appetising

===== 0002601_18980325_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD 3F GUARDIANS

ELECTIONS.

These elections will take place on April 4th. In the rural districts the poll will be by ballot from 12 to eight, and in Warrington from eight to eight. In the rural districts the poll will be declared the same evening, while with iegard to Warrington it is proposed to count the votes on the morning of the Sth. At noon on Tuesday which was the latest; time at which withdrawals could be received it was found that several who had been nominated had withdrawn. Mr. George Thompson who has been a most useful member of the Board for a number of yeamin order to avoid a contest withdrew his name, This allowed Mr. T. H. Ashcroft,of Sankey-st.,to be returned unopposed far St. Austin's ward, No. 2 division. This was the only withdrawal in War- rington,and contests will therefore take place in the following wards :—Fairtield ward, Dr. Michael Mc Carthy and Mr. George Filling; St. John's ward, the Rev. W. H. Drummond and Mr. James Battersby ; Orforl werd,Mrs. Jeanie Hay Edelsten and Mr. W. J. Shaw • Latchford ward, Mr. Alfred Jolley and Mr. W. J. Shaw. At Havdock there will be a con- test in the East ward which was represented on the late Board by the TINS% Pother Moore, who does not seek re-election. The contestants will be Mr. John Turton, Mr. William Flannaghan, and Mr. Peter Cunliffe. In the small townships I comprising the Union where the Guardian is also a member of the Rural District I Council several elections will also take place. Mr. IW. Bennett has withdrawn his nomination for Poulton-with-Fearnhead, leaving the contest he- tween Mr. henry Thornton and Mr. George Muth er. kfr. John Warburton, the present member for Burtonwood, has also withdrawn his nomination, the remaining candidates being Mr. W. Fairclough and Mr. Richard Forshaw. Mr.R. T.Lowe has with- drawn from Rixton-with-Glazebrook, and Mr. R. B. Matthews, from Penketh, The following is a list of the councillors who have been returned unopposed: —Cuerdley,Mr.John Johnson; Houghton, Middleton and Arbury, Mr. J. W. Knowles ; Penketh, Mr. John Dignum ; Great Sankey,Mr.Thomas Halton; South- worth-with-Croft, Mr. Joshua Ball ; Winwick-with- Hulme, Mr. Peter Longton ; Woolston-with-Martins- croft, Mr. William Houghton ; Rixton-with-Glaze- brook,Nfr. Alfred Brookes.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

HOSPITAL RllNDAY.—Special sermons were preached and offertories taken at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday in aid of the Infirmary. The pulpit was occupied morn- ing and evening by the Rev. W. G. Trigge. In the evening the minister preached an appropriate. sermon from the words, " Visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction," James 1.27, and earnest eppe ilwt re made on behalf of the Infirmary' RAILWAY FATALITY AT COLCIMPH.—On Sunday morn- ing Joseph Stretch, an engine-driver in the service the Great Central Railway whilst driving a light engtee from Glazebrook to Wigan noticed the body of a man ' lying on tho line near Culcheth etation.Upon the arrival of the engine-driver at Lowton he informed the station- master who telegraphed to Mr: Walsh the station- master at Culcheth. Mr. Walsh with SOMA of his ass'et- ants walked about half a mile down the line when he came across the dead body. He immediately sent for Dr. Sephton and the police. Dr. Sephtna was of the opinion that the deceased had been dead some hours be- fore *dug found. 1 lie body which was then unknown was removed by P.C. Alexandra to the Harrow Inn to await an inquest. Upon the police making enquiries the body was identified as that of Albert Edward Barnett, shipping salesman at Manchester, 24 years of age, who resided with his permits at 157, Liverpool-road, Cadis- head. At the inquest on Tuesday, the jury returned a I verdict of "Accidental death." They were of the opinion that deceased had fallen asleep in the train and upon waking up and fieding the train moving slowly he jumped from the carriagP.

===== 0002601_18980325_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WA RRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

POINTS. FOR AOST. ept. 4—Tyldesley a 0 19 11—Rochdale H., h 18—Wigan, a 25—Stockport, h Oct, 2—Broughton R.,h el ...... 2 9—Swinton, h lO ...... 3 16—Morecambe, a l3 ...... 0 22—St. Helens, a 8 3 30—Leigh. h Nov. 6—St. Helens Recs,h 8 ..... 2 13—Runcorn, a _ 3 5 _

29—Salford. a 3 ...13 27—Rochdale H . a Dec. 4—Ty!dealer, h 11-oldham, a 18—Wigan h _ 8 0

25—WIdnes, h 27—St. Helens, h 8 . 0 Jan. I—Leigh, a B—Morecambe, h lO 2 15—Oldham h

22—Salford, h 3 3 29—Stockport, a Feb. s—Swlnton, a 12—Hull Kingston Rovers h 0 21 IS—Vr h 3.. 2

‘s—Wigan. h 26—Cap tie (Wakefield Trinity a) Mar. s—St Helens 12—Runcorn. h 19 —Manaingharn, a 2 8 26 —lllanninghArn, h April. 2—Brorghten R., a B—Widnes, a 9—Birkenhead Wanderers, h 11—Lancaster. h 16— St. Holens Recs. a

ii-iiirkeT;h-e.:•d Wanderers, a 30—Champions V. Rest

RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB,

===== 0002601_18980325_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES AND SCORES.

POINTS. FOR Awn% Sept. 4—Rochdale J, h 11—Tvldesley, h 18 —olclham,a 0......10 2O—Stolkport a 25 —Leigh, a Oct. 2—Wilnes, h 2 0 9—Morecambe, h 2l 2 16—Altrinchem, a

23—St. Helens iteos, h 30 St. Helene, h Nov. 6—kltrlnebarn, h l7 0 13—Warrington, h 5 3 20- 27 —Broughton R, h 2 5 Dec. 4—Salforl, h 8 21 11—Tyldesley, a 5 6 18. -Swinton, PI 25—St. Hele- ---stponed

-.G. Helene, a 27—Stockport. h Jan. I—Rochlalti IT, a 0 3 3 -Broughton ti, a 0 16 8 -Leigh. h 15—Salford. a 5 20

22 . 29—Morecambe, a 0 0 Feb. s—Wlgan, h 12—Swinton. h 19—Widnes, a 2......8 26-111verston, Mar. 5 —Cup Tie B i‘thouse 1 • ngers a 3 3 9—Replayed 11e Brighouse Rgrs h 11 0 12—Warrington. a 2 . 0 19—Cup Tie—Oldham a 0 11 25—A. Helens Recs a

Ap'. 2--Oldham, h 9- Cup Tie _

I! —Th;kenhead W. h 16—W1gan. a _

—Cup- Tie 30—Birkenhead W,

A shocking act:Went occurred at the works of Messrs. Ludlow Bros., galvanised hollow-ware manufacturers, Palmer-s., Birmingham, on Thursday afternoon. The gale, it is believed, disturbed the equilibrium of the gable end of a building in course of erection, and this, crashing through the roof of the galvanising shop, buried the %crorkrzert Under a MRlii of timber and iron. ' The work of re;cue was carried on in circumstance 9 of coneiderable danger. It was found that four workmen had been killed, and that several had been injured more or less soriourly. About- forty workmen wore in the building at the time, and it was considered marvellous that the leem of life was not RI eater. . .

_ . It is stated that the Poatmaster General ham decided to make a considerable addition to the number of the female clerks employed in connection with the postal establishments. At this moment something like two thousand three hundred females are employed in con- nection with St. Martin's-le-Grand, and before the year is out over a hundred will be added to the Savings Bank establishment alone. The Money Order office, from which female elesks have hitherto been excluded, mow to be thrown open to the sex. An experimental compe- tition is shortly to be held in connection with that office for about thirty positions.

Messrs. Kyaochs,of Birmingham, have for some time pant been engaged in perfecting the mechanism of a new quick-firing gum, and they have succeeded in pro- ducing a weapon a long way ahead of any other gun of a similar type. By turning a wheel the whole mechan- ism is set in working, and six hundred magazine bullets are discharged per minute. The gun,which only weighs .a hundredweight is single-barrelled, and while in action is kept cool by a water-jacket which is filled automati- ' cap. ',the firing action is supplied with cartridges by an endless belt which passes through a box and collects the cartridges. The gun will kill at three miles,and as the barrel is made to swing from right to left it will pro- bably prove to be one of the most deadly weapons of modern warfare.

'LUSE= COMPOUND' (Trade Mark) for Geoghs and folds, 9&, 13t4. sold • Cheinlsta

IVarrington.—Pr;nted and ?WAWA.' by John WALKER 0° The Axaminer General Printing Works. Bewsey-atreet. and Published also r.t The Faaminer Offtee, Vlotorift-rond WIDNES ; High-street, linscon 2, Gef,rge.atreet, Sr HELENS ; and 3 Mar ket4treet, EARtga2mrs.—Milag MC

f4t"

===== 0002601_18980325_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
COUGH& COLDS, BRUNDHIrId. FENISTINGS' LUNG HEALERS THE BEST REHRDY TO CURE ALL CM:4ll$ COLDS, ASTIIMAS, &c. Sold in Dazes, at Is lid., and 2s. 9d. with Direc- tions. bent post free for 15 stamps. Direct to ALFRED FENN:NGS, West Cowes. I.W. The largest size Boxes, 2s. 9d. (35 stamps post free) contain three times the quantity of small boxes. Read rennings' "Everybody's Doctor. Sent post free for 13 ste.mps. Dived A. YENNING& WEST COWES, LW. 3

CIIIRISTADELPRIAN MEETING ROOM, BOT _NJ STREET, (three doors from Sankey Srreet), W Ai TON .A LBOTURS will be delivered in the Rho, room at 6.30 p.m.. March 27th by Mr. W. K. b,Bg Warrington. SUBJRCT : A defence of the OW/ Test 'meat." Seats free. No collections.

IMPORTANT NOTICE. 13ETIIESDA LECTURE lIALL, !RUNCORN, A GRAND EXHIBITION Of the well-lruovrn " WILSON" PATENTED GAS MINCING and HEATING- STOVES, GAS FIRES, AS WASHING COPPERS, ac.. Al6O NINE PRACTICAL COOKIITer LECTURES by Mrs. C., V. PITCHER, Ist Class Diplonnie. Principal of the Streatham School of °eatery, London. Will be opened an MONDAY, MAECH 28TH, at 7.30 p.m. by SANtro, TAYLOR. ESQ., Z.P., of Runcorn, And continue to FRIDAY, APRIL hr. LECTURES DAILY at 3 and 7.30 p.m. ADMISSION FREE. The Celebratel " Wilson" Porcelain Enamelled Gas Cook tba Stoves (the only Gas Cooker specially constructed for 'baking brand and teacakes perfectly), racy be bought from 'the Runcorn Gas Company at specially low prices.- FIXED IMRE of CHARGE, Full particulars to be obtained at the Exhibition where the Wilson" Gas Cooking Staves may be seen in operation. MANtroAcrtrimits:—CElAßLES WILSON & SONS, LEEDS AND LONDON.

THE ANNUAL UNIIED COMMUNION SER- ._ VICE of the EVANGELICAL FREE CHURCHES of ....WARRINGTON will (DN.) be held in BEWSET-ROAD wIISLEYAN CHURCH on SUNDAY EVENING (To- 'IllOrrow), at 8 o'clock. The Rev. (. HARBOTTLE will .Prsaide, and the Rev. J. YONGE will give the Address. 'Umbers of all Evangelical Churches are earnestly invited. In connection with the above the following interchange of 'Pulpits has been arranged : Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church, 6-30 p.m.., Rev. J. 'WARNOCK, M.A., R.D. Bold-street Wesleyan Church, 6-30 p.m., Rev. C. FINCH. 4Olbonae-streat Baptist Church,6-30 p.m., Rev. 3. FONGII. 'Latchford Baptist uhurch,6 p m. Rev. J. T. SCHOFIELD. Legb street Primitive Metholist Church, 6 p.m., Rev. W. G.YItIOGS. St John's Presbyterian Church, 6-3) p.m Rev. 3. F NATTHIMS. wycliffe Congregational Church, 6_40 p.m., Rev. G. 'HARBOTTLE.

RUNCORN UP, BANECTIO D [STRICT COUNCIL ELN. TO THE ELECTORS OF MERSEY WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, In thanking you for again electing me, unopposed, to the Connell, I would assure you that, as in the pas t, I shall sop- ' Port all measures for the improvement and b otter govern- ment of the town, Yours truly, G. H. Runcorn, March 18th, 1893,

'URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTION NEWTON IN MAXERFIELD, TO 11tH ELEC- TORS OF THE TOWN HALL WARD. LIMNS AND GENTLEMEN, Having been requested to allow myself to be nominated as a Candidate for a Seat on the District Counc at the forth- coming election and having consented to•do so, beg leave to ' Pitsee my services at your disposal. lam in favour oS a stringent administration of Sanitary Laws particularly with respect to the proper and efficient • sewering and paving of the many privete streets, which are at Present far from being in is healthy condition and if elected I shall support any step. which may be taken which will tend to remedy the presew unsatisfactory condition of things at L hold sanitation to be the first and foremost duty that.a Local Authority Is called upon to perform. I am also in favour of the Urban District Council construct- ing their own Water Works so that they may be in a position to have the absolute control of the Water supply of the dis- trict in their own hands. • Whilst holding the view that the affairs•of the Township should be conducted wish atridt economy, I shall always sup- 'Nat any reasonable expenditure which will tend to the better administration of the affairs of the district for the benefit of the RatePaYere at large' Should you honour me by electing me as your xepresenta Live on the Courpnl. I shall endeavour to attend to the duties Of the office to the best of my ability and to the best interests of the di,trict in general. I am, Ladies and Gentlemen, lour obedient Servant, THOMAS ROBINSON. ' aaarket-street, Eariestown, March 18th. 1898. RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL RUC- TION, 1828. TO THE ELECTORS OF CENTRAL • WARD. 144bre. , kith GENTLEMAN, n 4 AN to requests to allow myself to be nominated ~, a representative of Coutral Vi ard, I have consent ed to do vetted solicit your votes and influence in favour of the cause Ratepay era In general. th„,alipeal to all Electors for their support, and will do all lies in my power to promote the test Interests of the lan at large and the lasting good of the whole of the corn- Marshy. 11,411 well considered nseasures for developing the Trade of Town shall receive my warmest support. If elected I shall endeavour to do my duty faithfully and _aarlessly, and shall do my utmost to retain the goodwill and confidence of my fellow Ratepayers. I am Ladies and Gentlemen, Yours Faithfully. ALLIS,CFATLEY, 36, Irwelt-lane. Runcorn, March 24th, 1828.

A LLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED • STATES. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. a.m. NUMIDIAN, for Halifax and Portland... April 7th • 11. CALIFORNIAN, for Halifax and Portland... April 14th LAURBNTIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... April 21st its. PARISIAN, fcr Quebec and Montreal... April 28th 8.2. CARTHAGINIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... May sth La. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... May 12th Saloon Fares from £lO 10s. lad Cabin 27 ss, filteertge £5 11. Through Ticket' to all points at /medal rates. ~R.ZoNDlKß.—Handtoook, maps, rates, and full particulars Iree utl application to ALLAN BROTHZRS k Co., 19, James- at., Liverpool ; or to I. B. GREEN, 34, Bridce-st., Warring ton

, 'WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL .t. , • MAIL STBAMBIII3. -,..3 LI,,TRRPOOL to RIM YORK via Et Queenstown. }VERY WIIDNICSDAY. RITANNIC Wed.. liar. 30. i ".11 AJBSTIO Wed. attpril 6. Seeut,„ utt Cabia will arried on tne voyage marxed thua. Q teem .. passage at low rates Including Outfit free of fe to New York. Boston, Pidladelptila, or Baltimore. to lenty, !aim, and Co., Liverpool and 34, -"dentiall Street, London WC.. -___

EMLGRATION TO CANADA* - - FREE GRANTS O'F LAND FOR FARMS. ALSO CHELP IMPROVED FARMS. iLliamee wanted —Capitalists, Pertoas with moderate Farmers. Farm Labourers, mad Young Men desiring Be4nara Farming. Special arrangements for Domeatlo is. .074_,1.1 experts largely Farm and Dairy Produce. itiv,„"a(la has gold and other minerals in abundance ; &Soo forest.c, productive leheries, important manufac- 1g industries, the larzest area of fertile Mad availablo ez„..aet:tlernent the world. and a growing iuport and trade in all commodities. 14,tricblets, Maps, reliable information and advise an all and eiril of Interest to intending settlers. And as to the trade, and 4Cnunerce of the Dominion, may be obtained, gratis A4te Poct free, on application to the Canstßan Government DV 15. WITEV,43TREET, Liverpool, oILESPONDENCE AND PERSONAL ,INTEILVIEWS, INVITED.

DING EMIGRANTS to Nov YORK, BOS- -IX. PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, DANA-DA JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NNW ZEAL& ND -"r1,421 take Gaeta at the LOWEST BATHE at "OGN ALKER AND CO. REAMINZIR " OFFICE. WARRINGTON. • JOHN WALKER, AND Co., "IaXAMIN/IR " OFFICE. WV:MI ~GTON. AGENTS FON DIELBGAULNE and SIDNEY 3TEAMS frnn LIVERPOOL. STAR LINE for NEW YORK ov,:/ry WEDNESDAY. ITIRDI.2-ALN '0 ET HAMPTON to NAW vjcw SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL "AY. ana overV WIDNES'

BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, &C. AT LOWEST WHOLESALE PRICES. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-, WOOL BEDS, 10/4 BOLSTERS AND PILLOWS. HAIR, WOOL AND WIRE MATTRESSES, All Properly Purified by Chemical, Process and Guaranteed. SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. BEDROOM CHAIRS, 2/6, KITCHEN CHAIRS, 2/11, THE LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ELECTRO-PLATING, GILDING & ENGRAVING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. ARTICLES MADE EQUAL TO NEW. at lowest cost. Catalogues free. JOSEPH HIGHAM, LIMITED. 127, STRANGEWATS, MANCHESTER, (Opposite the Assize Courts.)

NIILLinEgI aLnAd ByAoileeßSTrorli,ctiLone: It.,aliPanrofmesetshoord of Terms, to,, apply Mr. PELIISON'S Pianoforte Warehouse, Warrington. Schools attended RLI-TCRES-, FOR 1)1i1th OF ttUPTURSS. T. MGGINGTON'B Improved Mantua] TRUSS( or Cure of ,Rupture ; registered ; oonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 k 9. Grosvenor-street Lon. don-road, Manchester.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS !! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOIL PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS. 'UMBRELLAS RECOVERED IN HALF AN HOUR FROM 38. 6. T. BRIERLEY, 49. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. W EDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALSO COINS, WR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in -;ILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine. Selectien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, itncl BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, NUMISMATISTS, AND DEALERS IN ANTIQUES. 63--RENSHAW-STREET„ LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

DELICATE SHA DES OF HAIR ARTIST.CALLY MATORBD, FROM £1 18 £5. IMMOVAELB t FROM IHAIR COMBINGS MADN SCALPHTTHS, I 218. UP. 2s PER OR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LIMO -STRFIRT. LIVIHIPOOL.

ARTISTIC Repairing in all its-brut—am oHN 13YKON, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67, R ENSHAW STR ET. LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE D EAL RR. THE CHEAPEST and ENV HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING. and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes. Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services, Old Sliver. Ele3tre Plate, Overmantles. Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables. , de, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SAL IS ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions s y this Establishnient is unsurpassed for tyle and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED,

THAT IDEA OF OUR. WHY NOT ,PROTATT T,, AT A LOW COST/ J.A. REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Ignol. by Examiaation. Also Registered Patent Ag,-nt of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

S PECIALITIES IN PAPER AND PAPER 'NAGS. Caps 14 by 20,744. ReAm 16 by 24,1044., 19 by 29, 14.34. Sweet Bags. loz. 104. 1,000 ; Zoz. le , 4oz. la. 2d. Butter Paper, 138.6 d. Cheese, lie. Brown, 85. ewt. Thin Mite. 13e. 6a. cwt Really good Note Paper, 40., 6 quires: -hop Books from sd. , stepheue la. Ink.. p 744,. 2a. do. Is. bd., 14. bottles, 6A. Dozeu. Court Bnvelopea,from Bd., 250 Commercial sia Counter. lid., 250. L ONGWORTH'S ARD 6, 0101-6TRRBT, Mall. ehester.

ft OWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. lAN) Rest Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Raidness. PRIOR 2s. Bd. PER BOTTLE. 6, HANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Statioa).

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be held at the COURT HOUSE. KNUTSFORD, in and for the Said County, on Mowne.r, the 4th day of April next, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arieing within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District,ind the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such'Htindreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the liCnutsford District must be in attebdance at the Court Rouse, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on Moornax, the 4th day of April next; at half-paet eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The COURT will be Adjourned to the Castle of Chester. on ThIaRSDAY. the Vth day of April next, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddie- bury,Nantwich,snd Wirral.forming the Chester district, and the trials cf all prisoners committed from the last- mentioned Hundreds will take ,place at such Adjourned , Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, it the opening of the Court on Tric MOAT, the 7th day of X..pril next, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Cleric of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 14th March, 1198.

MRS. ROSE'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. Will pogtively remove the most 013STINA.TRI OBSTRUC- TIONS, Irregularities, etc., In a few doses. Guaranteed the moot powerful and strongest on earth. Failure is impossible It acts like magic in ere most long-standing and intricate obstructions. Ladies will save time, trouble, and •expense by coming to an experienced Specialist at Anal. Posh free under cover, seaurely packed, with full directions, and %deice. FOUR SHILLINGS AND SDEPIINCH per Bottle with WRITTEN GU SANTEE OF CURE. Thousands of Testimonials like the following. Full rum, snd address will be v Clingier given ; " For FIVIi MONTHS I have been trying pills, medicine tabules. and other iv Mures LP vain, but one bottle of your plesaant remedy put me all stoat again."—MCl. I. " Have tried nearly every advertised remedy for over FOUR MONTHS, but your's cured me with one bottle Shall be pleased to answer any fatly as to the truth of this,' —Mrs. hi, If yon are in doubt as to which minedy to send for, write for my 100-paged book of Testimonials, si2owisag you why the others cannot cure you. MRS. 110619, 2, ARTHUR THRRAOI3, LOWHR-R OAD LOBTucni.

MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. NEW SP RING kV OOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND 00'S LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 351 SANK ET STE .?.ET, WARRING TON,

WM. WINSTAN LEY, R.P.C,, REGISTERED • SANITARY PLUM B ER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL D 'COR/r t: OR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES Fitted up on the latest and Most Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 18, PARE PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

STAND No. 35. R. ROBERTS & SON, .1.9 c BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL EXHIBIT OP YIBST-CLASS BOOTS AND SHOES, WHICH INCLUDE 'MARKS PA.TIINT VENTILATED BOOTS." The Boot for all climate. The Ideal of Perfection. THE CELEBRATED BOOTS AND SHOES, Wear Guaranteed. THE "QUEEN" BOOTS AND SHOES, As Won by Royalty. Also Specialities in GOLP BOOTS. CYCLING and TENNIS SHOES. AN INSPECTION INVITED.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. STAND No. 36. JAMES ATKINSON WILL EXHIBIT LANEST NOVELTIES IN COSTUMES, MILLINERY, MANTLES, Bzo. ALL DRESSES EXHIBITED WILL BE DESIGNED AND MADE IN OUR OWN WORKROOMS. HIBH. CLASS DRESSMAKING. Estimates given. ORDERS should be placed early te avoid disappointment, this Department being already very busy. 7, 11, AND IS, BRIDGE STREET, WA RRINOTON.

OUR GIAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE, SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OTTE MS PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN, both for Quelity and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO LTD., 69, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TAM ijiSHANTEE. AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are nnaloubtedly the best. - LIGHT AND RIGID. 4'l " ! SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. 1 \-14=3" Cash or Easy Payments. ! Catalogee containing free Insurance Coupon, ' free on application. ,rrls Patenteea of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatics tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief DepCts and Show-rooms 359 NORTH JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND SAUNDERSON, District Manager. stabilehed 1859.

A BOON TO LADIES. BR. COLLINS'S MA.EVELLOUS FEMALE REEHLIC.— Mr. COLIZNIS who was for 31 years a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons, England, during that time discovered a most woad.erful preparation and after a highly suecessful practice both at home and in the Colonies, he had never known it to fail in the norm onirriNATlC CASES or OrisTRIFCTIONS AND IRDIALTLARITIES. Send addressed envelope for fuel partieulars of this lIEMAZOLLBLE RENEW' witioh will be seat poet free, and waste on more time and money on useless pills and so-called remedies, An., which in the majority of oases are nothing but Put:culprits and Quails/macaw PROSTRATION mid ?Au, without having the desired effect. Letters to be widressed— MADAME FIANCES, gothic Hon's, Erskine Street, Liverpool. I Please name this paper,

FURNITURE. BASSINETTES. FURNITURE. HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE DISTRICT FOR ALL KINDS OF OUSEMOLD GOODS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. ESTIMATBS FOR COMPLIITELY FURNISHING (TBEF). CALL AND INSPECT OUR SPACIOUS S !lOW ROOMS STOCKED WITH ALL CLASSES OF GOODS. DRESSERS FLOOROLOTHS SOFAS RUGS COUCHES PICTURES CHAIRS CHEFFIONEERS SIDEBOARDS OVERMANTELS BEDSTEADS SUITES BEDDING IRONMONGERY MATTRESSES LINOLEUMS DINING, DRAWING, AND BEDROOM SUITES. BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS FROM THE MAKER, HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

BEE WARD AND BAILEY. CHINA MERCHANTS SHOP AND RESIDENCE: HORSEMARKET STREET, 45, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

D TON AND COLTER, (LITE SUTTON IND Co.) IRONMONGIIRS and AGRICULTURAL INPLBMENT AGEE rs. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW.

IBITTER ALES. GIIINNE:as MILD A DUBIN STOUT. iAr ALLSOPP'S MILD larD BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWIOK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AM ,3ER ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEER

M,P., says in his testimon al : TEETIL—A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth, 28. 6d. i 0 years' Warranty, exceeding comfortable, and are a credit to you il . W. GRIFFIN .. Ts tau; arvreorpeer,f ecHtentit. Attends Warrington. 35, BRWSBY-STRRBT, WIMNRoDAYS AND FRIDAYS.

action. INSTANT IN THEHEAD, EADB'S PILLS, have recourse to BADB'S PILLS. EADE'S TILLs• All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism sbould immediately EADE'S puts. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S TILLS. been received from all sorts and segsi.vinTherseenPlefliisnartehemOvn, conditions of men testifying to Whvaeg°vrittacaibule and perfectly safe lo EADH'S pus. the wonderful power these Pills thEei T A NPT IRLB ILL AND their rINSWORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, Its class. RHEUMATIC GOUT, DeveLlrlaßaiSv,e. And have anyt h a Patent largest re Medicinec ornrmeConfEd la' "16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury. GOUT road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. H II U DI A T IS II "Dear Slr,—lt is with unbounded R pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHE UMATIS Id Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of canna GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R H BUM AT IS Id The next spring I had another attack. and 'was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try yourPilia. I did IC, and am quite sure they prevented RHE U MAT IS 31 my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have had the least ROUT pain I have taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT 132) WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHIIUMA T I S M You are quite at liberty to make what use you Uhl of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased t... answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMA T I S fd rue (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT 31017NTALIf." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. Lid. and 21. 94. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, anoncis BADE, 72, GC/SWELL-ROAD, H.Q. Ask for and be sure you obtain MADE'S GOUT AND ItHEU- R PILLS. ATIO EADE S PILLS

Dll. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODICEE. TNT ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CffiLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy over dis- covered. ORLORODYNE is tlie beat remedy known for checks and arrests C Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. —Diphtheria, Fever, Group, Aguei_ efffaetettilldalhlease. 11.1iLORODYNE: acts like charm in Diarrhoea C those °tli:oY No ft 1,„..) and the only specifie in Cholera and Dysentery. OHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attack. of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CIHLORODYNE is the only palliative ire Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., 110fliCaStie. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all <Aber sedatives that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Berl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DyNß."—See Lancet, let December, 1864, CAUIION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- IONS. Caunors.—Vine-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIN BROWNE Wad, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. MIA deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See roses, 13th July, 1864. , Sold in bottles at Is. 10., 28. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. BOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. I. DaSEHPOBT, 33, Great Eassoll-street, Bloomsbury, LOLVIOD

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEFBE SHILLINGS AND SIXPENOS to PINT!' SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-ronnd always in stock. A. handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

L 001 TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an inveation to dispense with the necessity of removiug Dashes from their Pr.nmes when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a greet saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK.

• rrHE ONLY MEANS FOR DESTROYING 11A1R 1 on the face is by using ALEX. ROSS'S ORDINARY DEPILATORY," 31. 64.. poet free 3s. 94. ; for strong hair. the Electric Appliance, 351.; for thick hair. " Cauterising Liquid," les. 64. ; or the German Process, 425. ALEX. ROSS, 62, Theobald's Road. Holborn, Loudon.

--.....r.-« BOROUGH OF :i",*:41r;54i14:4 WARRINGTON. •'.ls/.1.5ACi,-iid,:l W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCHNTRATED MANURE. Twentieth Season. General Agent— Mr. WM. HOUGHTON, PAD OINGT ON near Warrington.

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows. Ic. removed any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand. Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL. ancteverything connected with a Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAND, LONGFORD. 18TABLI8HED 1870.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CkIBSTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &D., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 60 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at per Ton. Special prioe over 100 miles. Supply strietly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent dis,ppointment. Full particulars from R. D.c/CALLISON, Indoor and-Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. r to Mr. B. ALDRED. Stamford-rd.. Altrinobam. Mr. J. H. NEWTON. West Derby. Liverpool, Mr. J. 8. GALLAND. Brookfield'', Baddiley, near Nantwicb.

TRH WARRINGTON SLATE. Co., LD DINORWIG AND PENIIHYN SLATE MIIRCHANTS, VOAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BURTON LIMB FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR LONERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICKHRSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD 07FICE t Iley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. Warrington.

"2/1 WON DERFUL WATCH." 508. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVIIIR BEG LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSES. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS." This watch(' ttmedto a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same p.:ce, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND CO., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.M. Sent post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, La receipt of P. 0.0.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A \IBEX LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS is now being offered `ry T. (JLARKE, EXAMINER" OFFICE. EARLESTOWN. ' PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent. or 4s. In the Pound.

BLST BREAD, ELM E CURED AND ROLL BACON, AND CHESHIRE CHILES 4" ON THE MARKET AUSTIN'S LECIII-STILEBT. EARLEsTows IF YOU 'WANT A SACK or GooD FLOUR ASK FOR PRICES. WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, CORN, & PROVISION DEALER LEGHSTREETJ EARLESTOW N.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unneceesarily large packets ei Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COM.PANY, LOUGHBOROU GIL LEICESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system in the World, and thereby defy competition. 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Of Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE PINNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities. PRESS OPINIONS. " We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "Is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard." "An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and more costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notiee of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright during the owning season In a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times." LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE, Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain- ing Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, hardy Plants, 10., with descriptions and cultural directions. and 500 Illuatratione, the whole forming a complete Garden fluids, gratis sad prat free,

SPRING SHOW OF NOVELTIES IN NCOSTUMES, COATS AND SKIRTS, CAPES, &c. IS NOW ON AT LORD BROS'. 1285 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

UNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOoTB.

THE 26TH GREAT ANNUAL SALE OF WINTER CLOTHING AND SURPLUS STOCK. £2,000 OF STOCK TO BE CLEARED. OVERCOATS. THROUGH the mild Season we have a Larger STOCK than we care for, and to Reduce these we shall make an ENORMOUS REDUCTION IN PRICE according to Conditions from 4s. TO 10S. IN THE NOW IS THE TIME. THEY WILL BEEP. AND NOT IiAT ANYTHING. SURPLUS STOCK OF SUITS ODD PATTERNS AND ODD SIZES JACKETS, VESTS & TROUSERS/ TO BE CLEARED. BoYS' DEPARTMENT. OVERCOATS at GIVING AWAY PRICES. ABOUT TWENTY DIFFERENT STYLES. ALL THE LATEST. MUST BE CLEARED. BETWEEN 500 AND coo YOUTHS' AND BOYS' f Una Some llgktly Soiled. REDUCED TO HALF PRICE. WILL Make Capital SCHOOL SUITS AT THESE PRICES. NOW IS YOUR TIME. COME EARLY. MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 101 HORSEMARICET STREET, ARE

DON'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE Tbere is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief ; caa be taken by the most delicate KEATIN GS LOZENGES [(EATING'S LOZENGES "KEATING& LOZENGES If you cannot sleep for coughinc,;one liedting Lozenge will set you right. A y nootor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. SOLD everywhere in tins 1,41. efteh. or free n receipt of stamps from THOMAS liF kTING, Chemist. London

TO Ladies, your Beet Friend is LADIES HEARTSEASE, TO LADIES Harmlee's, yet the most Effectual remedy, and TO contains NO poison or injurious drugs. IT ACTS LADIES LIKE MAGIC In all Ladies' ailments, Periodical YO I mpediments,filaness, Fuilness,Stomach Troubles. LADIES Testimonials aro received Daily Testifying to its TO Wonderful Efficacy. 2s. 9d. double, and stronger LADIES Is. 63. rest Free under cover. TO EXTRACTS FROM TESTIMONIALS. LADIES Please send me a bottle of " HEIRSTKASE " O Fhas proved beyond my LADTIHs ex7salectae Medicine;tion. it R. o Kindly forward a supply of your "HaarramssE" LADIES Female Medielaa• I have found it all that I TO wished. M. E. M. LADIES Kindly send me another tottle of " lixaters- TO EASE," for which I enclose Postal Order. Thanks LADIES to " HEIETSEASE " as it has saved me trouble. TO 0.0. LADIES Aooept my thanks for' HEARTSEASE •" it has TO been an h.,.rt's eaoo to me. W. P. LADIES Since tsking " HEARTSEASE " all is well again. TO hanks, wish every success. E. L. LADIES your famous Fess sle filet:kin°. "HEARTSEASE,' TO as again proved 0 Ilessing, as it has alway LADIES o,ne previonlly, J. L. TO &tress : LADIES t•\ C r 4 TO .1_ • S. LILLY, LADIES HERBAL REMEDY CO., TO BOTANIC HALL, 3.5. COLSION-STREET, LADIES iiIII3TOL. 1 , . , ,

THE BEANCO CYCLES MAN IMAM:MOD BY BAXENDALE & CO. MA N CH I& ST R HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET,: LIVERPOOL.

;Gut HALF=GUINEA COSTUMES. Sent by Parcel Post Direct from the Largest Firm of Costumiers in the World, and universally admitted to be the HIGHEST KNOWN VALUE FOR MONEY.

- ,21...; . ‘7l-3,; I, , , •-,s, .n ~-. *, ~n•i , ''' Ive— ",?' --4 _ voth clot' / _ , , *1 '- - -1 .. / ~ry In* `.1 t, ':;*, .• . 1 ,,r, ' '''. ~ 'i '4:„ ~,... AA4kr% ~ _., //je.1,..'" • \ ..- . , " .•• 11r, '''' ->.."---r."'" ".-1.k.---f-M''''S 'l' :I';',‘ A-- -1 \.'-‘ - j_kr r -', , . 4...---•-4. • w' i• . // //' '- _ 1 , 3B. . w Ing / ' ' - -•-' 38. - eize / \ ,k'', :.-- 't \ • , •..--=='. ...-'•••., , ' 9. E "KERRY " COSTUME Y?, -,3 _ ____ llit - A Norfolk Design. Model 10T , -40 g- ,4 91 4,,, 1 i', . , 41...4, , 1 \ tl‘e.„ °°•,” Mourning Orders executed and despatched within 12 hours LADIBS' OWN DItSIGNS MADE UP by skilled Dressmakers ll', ~.''. - i • in any kind of fabric at moderate cost. A Box of 1.000 Patterns of all\NO kinds of Dress Goods lent to select e'L'l%; 4',.. from and sent carriage paid forward. '..\-r'' - t . tiftf'P,,i ',-,; ' • ~, , .- # t. • \ ''s\ . , 4 .0%, ~ •.\.,1,, '‘,:,‘,:/'' 4 ' i'N - , •,: :,', •5....1\,' - % I,„ , c ss '..5.5,5Ai1641.,:::' 't-. \c`,4"k 4 ttit t I I•• .1.„..?. ‘‘Ss'..,tT:'' 6,1t1• * 4 ?)\:A k .\,.,-s ... • tt ily 's' N., . ,-,:k• ..,..1-. , 'll --, ,), ",.'..'4,:4 ''• `-' ' te'-'1"1 Illik II \ ' _ 14) 7, :, . ./...', •2, -!-Lii ,i ',( , --., \ILI , THE Jowl NOBLE --=(-",o, , I The New "Gordon " „ KNOCKABOUT `..,::•\/ ; / ' ' 11,p) • / / -A I 1 _.,,,r. Ar ,FRor-- ~ ;,/,',o*.r \\ 7, 6 i/../4 I ',66' 41 & M OD EL • NI An Suit.

BANKERS: "London and Midland" Bank, Ltd.

..41"L'ERNSiof the Two Cloths in which these 'Costumes are made BEN T POST k. ti ER to- or with the New iillustrated Fashion Volume or Ladies, lc Children, and need not be returned.

Kindly name the" Warrington Examiner" when ordering from JOHN NOBLE LTD., BRMOIOLILS,T. MANCHESTER,

WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LE-FYIDE, VV 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident English and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Principal.—filfas ROGERSON. Governess- Pupil wanted.

OSENEATH, WREXHAM, N. WALES, HIGH-CLASS L SCHOOL FOR GlELS.—Prineipis MISS EVANS and MISS JONES, assisted by Miss Evellne Iredale, 8.A., FrnlienThumm. and others. First class Masters. Splen- did modern mansion, standing in feur acres of ground ; two tennis lawns, school library, gymnasium, perfect sanitation. Good modern methods. Every attention paid to the health end comfort of pupils. Very successful in examinations. For terms and prospectus, apply as above.

IT AN C LIES TER GRAMMAR SCHOOL ITI Fee 24 4s. per Term. The NEXT TERM begins WEDNEBDAY, APRIL 2Cth. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, THE SAME DAY at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, Forms of Application, Ac., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX, Receiver. N.B.- -The P.oarding-house iu connection with the School is situated at Higher Broughton.

QOUTHPOBT. SUNNYSIDE HYDRO.—Physielan, Da tj BARNAUDO. desirable Winter Residence, one of the handsomest b ii togs in Southport; centrally situated; replete with every comfort; fine Sea view, near Zarks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s. 63. per day, including Turkish. Russian, and other Baths, Massage and Galvanism- -J. Boococx. Proprietor.

LONllos. -IATILD'S TEMPERANCE HOT.E 3410 40 LUDGATE{ HILL. ALSO AT 70 71, BUSToN SQUALZ.g. HOKE COMIPOETS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL 7011 BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN& CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring EBY% 011LP14123, FURNITURE, REUP- HOLSTERING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING. AO. Designs and Patterns Sent on Application. Note Addrese,—CHARLRS SOUrHORN dt CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, BASNEITT-STREST, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 8367.

rIIB I,IIT.—A PORK SHOP, in good neighbourhood; _1 well fitted up; 111 health the came. of leaving ; no opposition.—Apply, 53, LINA.CReeIIOAD, Seaforth. near Liverpool.

DLACKPOOL W. STANDRING 56, Central Delve. To let , at valuation (through death) splendid company house in Central Drive, also Claremont Park, Albert-road Ace. Par- ticulars on application,

BOOT TRADB, good sale and repairing 81:10P for disposal. Stock about £5O and fixtures, cheap, no opposition, re- pairs £4 to .£.6 ; good reasons for leaving.—Apply W, BROW?'. 238, Hyde-road, West Gorton. Manchester.

ja•LECTIIICAL ENGINEERING FIRM has vacsncy for 111 well-educated gentlemanly youth as articled pupil ; for premium &a. Address W. J. '' Examiner Office," Warnngton. ST. CATHERINE'S ems oCHOOL. WlGAN.—Wante a fully certificated Assistant Mistress. State salary and qualifications ; also an Ex-?.T., (Art 50), musical ; salary £4s.—Apply MIIME9B.

WANTS!). for ROYAL NAVY, Boys, Youths, Engine- room Artiflc rs, Stokers, Blacksmiths, Carpenters, Coopers, Painters, Sailmakers, Shipwrights, and Royal Marines.—For particulars apply to SERGEANT, Royal Marines, 259, Liverpool-road, Warrington.

G. TT. AND TT. M. JACKSON. 00, AND 61 CHURCH STREET, NV ARRINGTON. I UST forfeited, Lady's. GOLD Payments taken V KRYLESS WATCH. 14-carat eases. fully jewellea, very highly finished ; watranted for ten years. 21 e Our price 1 S, 1.) D.

HANDSOME Drawing-roma Payments taken SUITE, solid Walnut, uphol- stered in Croekett's beet Leather, chair backs handsomely carved; very highly finished. MUST BE SOLD. NOW OFFERED AT VERY LOW FIGURE.

TAPESTRY OARPET,newest Payments taken design,splendid quality. 3 yards by 3i yaras. genuine Bargain. To £1 2. 6D. clear S

JUST received, a very large con- Payments taken signment of Scinare and Pem- broke TABLES, 1-inch solid tops, guaranteed well made, such value hss raver been offered to the Public of this Town before. Come and See for Yourselves. PRICKS FROM Q US, 6D. HACH.

STRONG PNEUMATIC SAFETY, Enamelled and Plated M Good Cushion safety. El 105.—J. BROADBENT, Matthew st.eet, Farnwerth, near Bolton. IGHEST GRADE B.S.A. '9B fittings throughout, perfect . Model, 25ilbs weight. 66k gear, Brampton's best Chain Light Road Racing Saddle, Clincher Tyres, £lO lee. Inspec- tion cordially invited ; fully guaranteed—BEE CYCLE AND MOTOR Co., la, Wavertree-road, Liverpool.

LIARaNWARIii and China.—Seconds £2 crate : Bests .12.1 £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d. ; write for ists. —WEBB AND CO., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton.

MDDlLBS.—Hundreds succeasfally cured by BASBLIB ILES. Well worth a pound a box. Sold at la.; post free Is. Id.; by Chemists or proprietor.—SPEDDlNG. Bone- setter, Batley.

A OFIRTAIN CURB FOR DRUNKHNNIISS. A Lady lA. will forward a valuable recipe for the above on receipt of 15.6d.—Addrees MRS. WILMOT, 41, L;nalter-et., ArdwiCk Villa, Southport.

FCH SALE, Collie PUPS, 5 months old, grand pedigree on both aides, including Southport Perfection, Scants- brick Comet, Bdgbaston Marvel, Donovan, Sweet Marie, &o.—Losesarr, 33a, Chapel-at.. Southport.

ill:NI:TINE RECIPE for first class Horse and Cattle kJ Condiment, is. 6d.; Calf Rearing Food, is. 6d.; both. 2e. 6d. ; one half the cost of made up foods.—Dzaxix, Chesterton. Bridgnorth.

(10K11.—FOlt SALE at the Gas Works. Crow-lane. Newton- in-Makerfield, Good GAS COKII at 4s. 6d. per ton. at the Works. Special quotations to purchasers of 5 ton lots and over upon applic dion at the TOWN HALL, Earlestown (Cork's Office) or to the Gas Manager at the Gas Works.

ADIBS, MOTHERS, and DAUGHTERS.—A Lady of ILI great experience will be pleased to forward to any lady r (on receipt of stamped. directed envelope) proofs of the most powerful female medicine on earth, as used in all the prin- -1 ciple towns in flugland, cures all forms of female irregulari- ties and obstructions—no matter how long standing ; write at once for proofs and particulars of my famous female remedy, which has cured the most hopeless Case in a few hours ; quite harmless to the most delicate lady ; never fails in the most obstinate case, causes no pain or prostration. I. lease mention paper. MADAM LAMAX, Berkeley Villa, Southall Green, Middlesex.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. TT MORBLL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury, 11, W.C. Cheapest House I London for linglish and Foreign Pieture-Fratne andNoomn Moulding. Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings, etc. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Spescial attention to country orders. Pull particulars in New Pattern Books just pub- lished, 107 pa ges containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram RA.1113,, RT. London."

THE ECLIPSE FEMALE REMEDY For the removal of Irregularities, Obstructions and all Female Complaints in the course of a few hours. It causes no Pain. Nausea, or Prostration whatever. This marvellous Remedy has been proved without a doubt bs the most effective Medicine ever introduced, The Laboratory, being under tbe napery's-ion of a Medical Man, who, for the past 30 years. has made a special study of Female Complaints, Ladles can rest assured of receiving most careful advice with each bottle of medicine. A ; Advice sent gratis and poet free by letter only on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. lady writes " Please send me a bottle of your famous Afirtscre, for which I enclose 4s. ed. A friend has recommended this as a most e festive Medicine' Price 41. 63. (post free) from J. STE VENS, 555 CHANCRE./ LANE LONDON, W.C.

BY ME. IF LLIAM ELLIS. _ MR. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION on THURSDAY and FRIDAY. MARCH 31ST and APNIL IsT within his MAla, 37, CORPORATION-NT., MANCHRSTBR, at 11 each •day, upwards of 1,000 pairs NOTTINGHAM LACH CIINTAINS. Ice. Catalogues ready.

Telephcne No. 5.e: ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Sege to announce that he has removed his 015ces to the more Convenient premises N. 11 BANK STREET, The Ground Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

LIGGS, from Massive BLACK ORPINGTOBB, very rich in colour, bred up to show standard. nacelle, t laying strain, 3s. 6d. sitting, sent free.—Bni liontatea.Uttle Hutton, Bolton.

£lOO. ‘lt'ller4:evik-epmtiikneii.b2soirtitieoetLetne entil. tiny 2! ma do It. Pamphlet showing method, ls. ld.—Rostrrne. 69. George-street. Oxford.

E3B. 6d. per sitting, curiage paid (all unreal'. replaced); White Leghorn, Indian Game. Houdans, Buff Orpingtons, Langshans, lffinorcas Cochlns, inflames. Hamilton Lodge, Budleigh, Salterton.

MUGS from splendid prize Golden Wyandotte, including X/ let and special Longridge, let. Garstang, v.h.o. Skipton. 124. *Windermere, ss. : first cross 'Wyandotte-Leghorns, 3s. sitting ; Lodge Cottage, Bibbleton, Pres- ton. VGGS.—Grand Pens, (Prize Strains). ROCKS, ORPING- it/ TONS, LIGHT BRAHMA:, SILVBR WYABDOTTBS, fondant, Mluorcas, Buff and White Leghorns, 3s. per dozen ; Buff Cochin and Puff Orpingtons, 3s. 6d.; Incubators (copper tanks), 70 eggs 30e. ;" Grit Smashers, 31. ; Pure Cockerels from 48.—J. G. PowNALL, SitnkeY, Warrington.

lUGGS FROM V.'S FINEST SPfICIMBNS and most ex- tmordinary layers ever mated. My birds have grass runs. Begs an be had at once; Dondans, Minorcas, White Leghorne, White, Geld and Buff Wyandottes. Buff Rocks, Buff Orpingtons,lndian Runner and Aylesbury' Ducks, 20 Bd. sitting Cambridge Bronze Turkey.; Cross limhaan-Toulonee Geeee.eggs 8d each, carefully packed ; unfertile replaced. nsp ection of stack invited. —Jolter ROE, Puulton -le-Fyide.

EGGS. SINCLAIR'S' EGGS. EGG PRODUCING POWDER. DEFIER COMPETITION. YOUR HEN'S will LAY Summer and Winter if you, use it. Send at once let sample alb. tin; is. carriage Paid sufficient for 6 Hens, for 10 weeks. Once tried always used SOLE MANUFACTURER, F. SINCLAIR,_ THE HUT, HARROW, MIDDLESEX. EGGS. EGGS.

FFOGS FOR SITTING.—In returning Thanks to my patrons for their confichmeo placed in me last season, I may say that from reports that have come to me my eggs gave general satisfaction, and I shall do my beat again this season. I have Black Minocras, Blue Andalusiana, Hou ans, Red Caps. White Leghorn,. Browa Leghorns, Indian Game, Buff Cochius, White Brahmal. Langshans, Black Orping- tons, Light ftrahwas, Plymouth Rooks, and three pens of crosses—Buff Orpington cock, Brown Leghorn Ruff Cochin hens; White Leghorn cock, with Light Brahma hens ; Dorking cock, with Indian Game Orpington hens, for table fowl. also Duclos—Rouens, Aylesbury and Indian runners. All eggs one price (save Indian Game) 2s. 6d. per sitting to them that fetch their owa eggs ; 3s packed put on rail ; Indian game 4s. All unfertile eggs replaced, but not addled eggs. The farm is five minutes walk from Lowton St. Mary's Station (M. S. &L. R.).—Address HENRY DRAPER, Poultry Breeder, Mather-lane. Lowton, Newton-le-Willows. No business done on Sundays.

• £2 FOR A LETTER OF TWENTY LINES, ALSO £2 FOR FOUR VERSES. We will give £2 for four verses of not more than eight lines each, or for a le..ter of not more than twenty lines, hwearbdeeedt and cleverest gyearssepsr.fanrgdcltehaenbienegt. 1 eWt t ehra,t wwi lel ce°ll en 'hi gibeer they must be sent, post paid. on or before 30th April, 1898, and accompanied by a receipt far something used for spring cleaning, bought at any of the branches of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. You will get a receipt for everything you buy at the shops of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. For addresses in your town see below. Two oc mere lets of verses or two or mere letters will be accepted from one seeder, but each set must be aooompanied by a separate receipt. The decision of the Manager of the competition must be accepted as final. Write Plainly and give your Address. ADDRESS your letter to— MR. sPRING CLEANER, Care of BOOTS, Cash Chemists, Nottingham. HE FOLLOWING GAINED THE £2 PRIZE LAST YEAR. FROM MRS. ANNIE JACKSON, NORTHAMPTON. 'Twas time for the dreaded spring cleaning, And oh, how soy heart did grieve. For my husband was looking sulky. And the servant gave notice to leave. , The baby had got the measles, , But for that we might not delay, For had not our rich old maiden aunt ' -4 Said she was (sensing to stay. Spring cleaning must therefore be done at once, For her eyes, though old, were keen, And even the tiniest speck of dirt Or cobweb would surely be seen. So no wonder I felt downhearted At the thought of so much to be done. And tears gather'd fast till a bright idea Diapered them as mist before sun. How could I have been so stupid As forget what Boots " could do, To their store then I quickly hurried. Spending is shilling or two; Then home again just as quickly. With" Gold Paint "and bright "Varnish Stain." '• Wills' Cleansing Cloudy Ammonia 14 bleb never yet let dirt remain. And now all the work is ended, We are clean as a bright new pin. " Furniture Cretra. " has polished. And •• Soft Soap" been well rubbed in. With such wonderful help the servant No longer at leaving *soots ; But, best of all. auntie will leave us her cash, Thanks lathe " Cash Chemists, Boots." ORRIN° CLEANING. No need te smother your rooms with stuffy carpets I No need of French polishers 1 Everything may be done decently and in order by the lady Of the house I USili ROTS' VARNISH STAINS which give a brilliaat polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany. &a. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Price 4id., Bd. and Is. Id. per bottle, MORGAN'S GOLD & SILVER PAINT As used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Decorators. Has the original brightness of Gold, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance. BOOTS reduced price, is, bottle for 7fd. WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA, Reduced price, IGd, per bottle. HOUSEMAID'S GLOVES, WASH LEATHERS. FURNITURE CREAM, SOFT SOAP, VARNISH STAINS. BRUNSWICK BLACK. Ac., tc.,10. of the best quality are sold at the lowest prices. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS. Local Addresses 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND leo at LIIVIARRXRPOEOTI, MGAANTCEHRSWTABER,RBIINRGHTINOGNII. AM. Ac HADAMR DU VAL'S LAVENDER PILLS FOR LADIES. SPEEDY, SAFE AND CERTAIN. IN BOXER 2s. 9d. ani 4s. 6d. Post free. Secretly packed from MADAME DU VAL. 47, ST. MARY'S CIiAMBkRS, ST, MARX AXE, LONDON. B.C. -

PITTS'S FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT, LONDON- EGAD (close to Stllion), Manchester. LARGEST AND BEST SELECTED STOOK. CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE KINGDOM. EstaNished 1845 National Telephone, 1,124,

PIITS'S are pleased that the Press throughout Lancashire has bestowed unstinted praise upon Pitts's vast pre- mises and stock, and it is doubly gratifying that such good opinion Is reiterated by countless entirely unsolicited testi- monials. Eviciently the shrewd public fully appreciate the unrivalled advantages of Furnishing at Pitts's where Bast Selection and Utmost Value can always be depended upon.

lIDITTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 1. 14, 24, 24. 34, 50. 75, 100, up to 1,500 guineas, excite wonder and admiration in all who see them They stand unrivalled. None but themselves can be their parallels They are a source of pride and delight to Pitta's innumerable customers, and of despair to would-be competitors. Every- one astounded at the quantity and quality of the articles. All desirous of possessing 3 Happy English Home, comfortably, artistically, and economically furnished, should send to Pitts's for full particulars. Frew, Opinions and Testimonials. These show how a little money can be made to go a long way, which information is very necessary when laying out hard- earned savings. Cash price only quoted, deferred payment by arrangement.

PITTS'S have bought at more thad 50 per cent below cost price the whole of the Furniture from a luxuriously, appointed house at Kersal. These goods were originally vurehase4 regardless of expense, are now in splendid con- dition, and should be inspected by anyone desiroos of securing utmost value :—DISING-ROOM SUITE, covered with real leather, comprising couch, pair of easy chairs, and SIX single chairs, sideboard, extending dining table, over- mantel, brass fender, brasses, and large carpet; complete for 204 guineas, worth 40 guineas. MORNING-ROOM SUITE, In real saddle bags, mounted with rich Utrecht velvet, com- prising luxurious couch, pair of easy chairs and set of small chairs, extending table, sideboard, overrnantel, carpet, fender, and brasses ; complete for 25 guineas, worth 5J guineas. DR A.WING-ROOM SUITE, in Inlaid roseweod, upholstered with a most expensive covesing, beautiful cabine to match, fitted with cupboards, shelves, bevelled glass, ic,; splenclirr overmantel, with numerous bevelled glasses : envelope card , table, wine tables, all forming a really superb suite; packed and delivered for 50 guineas, well worth £lOO. There is also the large Turkey carpet, Axminster and skin rugs, solid brass fender, pianoforte by Erard. BEDRODIE in Arnercan walnut, comprises large wardrobe, fitted wins every convenience ; pair of elaborate toilet tables, bevelled ! glasses, marble slab, tiled back, 13. ; three chairs, towel rail, and pedestal cup: card, being &really grand suite ; complete for 22 guineas, worth 50 guineas, Other Bedroom Suites in ! rosewood, satin wood, American ash, and painted goods will be cleared at less than half regular prices.

P'S FOR CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS All British make. Fitted Free. Largest.best,and cheap- est stock. Astounding value. Grand display.

P'S FOE CYCLES, by best makers. These are thoroughly reliable, and can be depended upon, as it would not pay Pitta's to jeopardise their half century reputa- tion by selling any other. Above all, avoid mushroom firms which, like their m..chines. are here to-day and collapsed to. morrow. Pitts's Cycles are light, easy running. havethe latest improvements, and are guaranteed twelve months.

PITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE.— Every description of Bookcases, Secretaires, Desks Stools, Chairs, Saes, Copying Presses, at about half city prices. SAMUHL PITTS. Established 1845. • LONDON-ROAD (just past Station), MANCHESTER. Ardwick, Longsight. and Belle Vue Cars pass the door.

A RMV BLANKETS GIVEN AWAY.—Special Grey,Fancy _Las Border, size 70 inches by 50 inches. All pure Wool and ' have only been used once, being practically new. Are much warmer than ordinary Blankets at double the price, and wear as long again. One Blanket 2s 11d. post free. For order of half-dozen one extra will be given, and for orders of one Idozen, two extra. A specially stout Officer's Blanket 68. 6d. each post free. Cost 20s. Same conditions for half and dozen lots. ARMY BELL TENTS, only a little soiled, 50ft. circumference and 10ft, high with poles, pegs, lines, runners, mallet and bag all complete, 30s. each. Buy before season commences, thereby getting the best.—Address POTTEB, Camp Equipment Works. Wolverhampton.

uterp, etc. LT.GEORGH'S IRCHWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co, Limited), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLHY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogueof wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

T IS WORTH YOUR WHILB TO BUY DIRIICT.—There- I fore, Telephone Avenue 5,891," or Telegraph " Rubes- tral, London" (A.B.C. Code used) or write THIS RBLIANCIi ' LUBRICATING OIL 00-19 and 20,WATER-LANBIGRBAT TOWBR-STREET LONDON, B.C. The Best and Cheapest ' NON-CORROSIVB MACHINERY ' and BNGINII OILS in the World. send for FREE ORDER FORM and PRIOR LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU. -

rpHE WARRINGTON GAS ENGINE —For superiority of design, efficiency of working, simplicity of valve arrangement, and freedom from delicate mechanism, the above engine is pro-eminent. Intending purchasers would do well before buying elsewhere, to see this engine working 2 N.H.P., MP., and HP. In stock. Gas Engine repairs undertaken by experienced workmen.—E. FORSRAW AND 60N, Engineers, Boilermakers, Iron and Brass Founder., Warrington.

pA TENT OFF ICE MARC:RUST/lit, BEITABLIMED IN 1835. Messrs . GEORG B DAVIE'S & SON have ha 4 more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish merit, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and Iron manufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price ed. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

P.E CKETT AND 0 LOCOMOTIVA ENGINE BUILDERS BRISTOL. Rave In Stook ready for Immediate delivery EfEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 18 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest Improvemente. paffloulare on application

LADIES. LADIR3I NOTHING SUCCEEDS LIRE SUCCESS! At last, I have discovered a Remedy for Female Ailments, Irregularities, Obstructions, which Is Safe, Speedy, Harmless, and Sure, and has met with unbounded success In hundreds of eases when all others have failed. Before sending else- where. write me enclosing stamped directed envelope for full particulars of nsy famous French Remedy which will cure the most obstinate Obstructions, By se doing, yot will IftVe worry, trouble and expense. MADAME MARIE, 12, RVANDALR ROAD. BRIXTON, LONDON, S.W. LADIES.

ALL LADIES will be glad to hear that Mrs. M. Darnerau, CERTIFICA.TBD MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructions and irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in long-standing obstinate cases. It cannot fail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant people, they never send you the right remedy. If you have already done 80, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and you will not be deceived. You will find that it is always cheaper to come to the right place first. Below are some testimonials received. The originals of these, with thousands of others, can be seen any time. From Mrs. Chatham : "Madam, will you kindly send again one bottle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted splendidly. I enclose Scrs."—Mrs. Binnte writes: ".Kindly Jorward by return of at a bottle of your Female Mixture. It out me all right last gime, and I trust it will do so again" —From Mrs. Fletcher t "Madame I received the Mixture all right, and I took the doses as stated ; it did all that was needed, for which I thank you very much."—Afrs. S. writes from Sheffield: "I am pleased to tell you your medicine did all that was required, though I thought it had failed, fvrr I had the last dose thirty hours before any change took place. I had the last dose on Sunday, and all was right as possible Tuesday afternoon. Everything had been as well as it was possible. Mad I written toyou at first, I should have been over £2 in pocket. You may show this letter, but cover name and address."—Mrs. Bryan writes "Madam. I am glad to be able to report that ths last two doses have had the desired effect. I shall r-.commend your remedy to all my married friends.': I think it is excellent, and should I be in difficulty again myself. Phouldat once apply to you. —From Mrs Garside: " I have muc h pleasure in sending you news of having relief the first morning, for which I am very thankful indeed. I shall always fee_, grateful for Your Mixture, and if I need anything again, I will send to you. Address: Ivies. DAMBRAD, Milton Cottage, Forest Hill. London

£150,000 ItrrAVED4oPnE RM OTTNGTA GtIZ SUMS to suit BORROWRIIS In any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READER, 6, Ceelt-it,, Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

rn H E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN A MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO o £sr upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower Inter than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit Jr- towers' requirements. Genuine aud extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20. Kennedy it., Manchester.

CITY AND COVNTY BANK ill, LI 011POBATION-SYEBET, ADVANCHS made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Pr-yable by easy instalments, or In one sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage m Deeds, BeyersionsAnd Life Policies. No preliminary fees charged.--Apply to .1110 HARD WOOD, Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. R. JOHN B. GOODWIN contianes to make ADVANCELL R FRIVATRLY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men; and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their ovrn security. 49WEY TO I.NCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. moNirr TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS, Without Bondsmen, without delay, without Public enquiry, la yonr simple written prorolse to !my back.—Apply et VIC. YORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, aa d In WA 11.11111(111.111 at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any 3vening. Applications from RUNCORN E.-I,p; District seneraily receive precisely the same attention.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office 38, ItENSHAW-STREE r, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5.000 advanced upon Promissory Notes, Deeds, Policies. Shares. &c., at the following scale of charges r— £lo repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ 2.3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40e. £6 16s. Od, Any otker Sum at Proportionate Rates and special ,erms t repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. NB.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed front 2/ to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

FIELDIN G'S LIMITED. LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOAN'S £3 TO .2500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties end STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurauce Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ £2) „ 10/- 210 ~ 5/- „ £25 „ 12/6 ~ Letters with a stamp will reomve prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9'to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent, 121. MEE ZaliY-STREET. WARRINGTON

NOTE. —NO PRELIMINARY FEES. MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale. Publicity, or Fees, from one nconth to five years. ri-` II E NATLJNAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3I COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS,, 1;1 ci R . Established 1872. MANCHESTER. ; 1. £200,000. The directors of this well-known. ol stablished Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. , Private and prompt ADVANCES madefaily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at ' the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge preliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectional Loan Office routine Is esitiroly disvensed with. , Apply in strictest confidence to 1 Mr. ROBERT JAM Y,S, Resident Manager. 1 NOTE.—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGEOUS TEEMS for LOANS on LIFE P. -.:URANCII POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND Milk' GAGA.S. NOTE.—NO PI2I,LIII.IINARY FEES.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. I, A PRIVATE G/iNTLEMAN, having a considerable sum of ,• uninvested money at his disposal, is prepared to advance the I same to all respectable and responsible P,-,rsons in any part of , England or Wales, in sums of not less than £lO to £lOOO on • Borrowers own SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO REPAY. without sureties or security. No Delay. No Law Costs. • THE STRICTEST PRIVACY IS GUA RANTEED and, if desired, a written undertaking will Le given to this effect. Advances also made on Mortgages and reversions at low rates of Interest repayable by easy instalments, or in one sum to suit the Borrower's convenience, cr. if desired, the Capital can remain as long as the interest is paid. For full particulars (free of charge), apply personally or by letter (stating amount required) to., MR. W• STEWART, 2; COOPER-STREET, MANCHESTER.

OW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giv- ing Prescription and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps.—Address Messrs., BARNES. 48. Lonselale Square, Barnsbury, London, N. EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Nervous and Physical Debility should send for a valuable pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organio arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent sealed, post free. Address— E. NORTON. 69, & 80 Chancery Lane, London, W.O. Established 30 Years.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The beet and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, ill Oanf star Ed., 10d., and 11. Bd. each.' Wholesale by J. GEODES AND SON, WARRINGTON ESTLELISHED 1833.

me dicines. HOOPING COUGH - Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 48. per bottl e. Sole Wholesale Agents: BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROITP London.

RENOWNED FOB TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, rri Dammam. 1 OWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, sperms. &c. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE rr VV. per Bottle, OWLE'S CHLORODYIsiE A. P. TowLE Henan-rm.

DB" scorrs PILLS The Safest Medicine. Mild bu Effectual. DR. scurrs pILLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured. DR. SCOTT'S pILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depression. DR. scams pILLS Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. Ds. scorrs PILLS Strengthen and invigorate the whole Nervous Systeme. DR. scums plus The best ?tunny Aperient Medicine and Blood Purifier. DR. scorrs ILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173. SEYMOUR- PLACE. London. W. Do not be persuadeer by anyone to btir any other methetno Instead, but insist on Miring the right thing,which is wrapped in a square green package.

MILLINERY. OPENING OF DEPARTMENT', HENRY MILES HAS NOW OPEN ED HIS NEW MILLINERY SHOWROOMS' WITH A COMPLETE STOCK OF !,LL THE LATEST ENGLISH AND FRENCH NOVELTIES FOR EARLY SPRING. The whole of the NEW PREMISES at the Corner of CHURCH STREET and TARLETON-STREET, LIVER- POOL, will be devoted to MILLINERY and MILLINERY MATERIALS. NOT/I.—QUALITY AND STYLE. AT POPULAR PRICES. .• COMB AND SEE THE WINDOWS CROWDED WITH't NEW GOODS SUITABLE FOR EARLY SPRING. TRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS.- LADIES, YOUNG LADIES, AND CHILDREN, SAILORS AND FANCY STRAWS, FEATHERS, FLOWERS, AND FANCY BIRDS, ORNAMENTS I X PASTE, GILT, AND Jar. RIBBONS, LACES, CHIFFONS, AND EVERY FASHIONABLE MATERIAL FOR MILLINERY PURPOSES. SPECIAL SHOW Y.S, THIS DAY (SATURDAY). ALL NEW GOODI DELIVERED THIS MONTH. THE IVVORKROOMS. The WORKROOMS will be presided over by MADAME FAIRBANK (French Milliner), a lady of undoubted ability and experience from the best millinery aentros in London and Paris, who has had the honour of furnishing millinery on many occasions to members of the English Royal Family. THE SHOWROOMS. The SHOWROOMS will be in cbargo of THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED LADIES from the Principal Millinery Houses of London. The BUYER end HEAD MILLINEIt intend VISITING the LONDON and PARIS MARKETS EACH MONTH DURING THE SEASON, so as to place before HENRY 3IILES'S numerous CUSTOMERS copies of LATEST MODELS at PRICES HITHERTO UNKNOWN, HENRY MILES, CHURCH-STREET' AND • LIVERPOOL " .

T E EXA I, it . MARCH 25 h, 18584

CONSUMPTION. The most eminent Lung Specialists prescribe ANGIER's PETROLEUM EMULSION in the treat- ment of Consumption and all chronic Lung affec- tions. It acts through the blood directly upon the lungs, and by its antiseptic power, tends to destroy the disease germs, while at the same time it has a wonderfully soothing and hailing effect upon the inflamed mucous membranes. Prompt to relieve Cough, promote appetite, aid digestion, and restore lost flesh, it is, unlike Cod-liver Oil, perfectly agree- able to take. The oil used in ANGIER'S Petroleum EMULSION IS obtained from particular wells, and is specially purified for internal use. Beware of imitations made with ordinary petroleum. Of Chemists, 2/9 and 46. A SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE on receipt of 3d. to cover postage. ANGIER CHEMICAL COMPANY, Limited, 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON, E.C.

DARKEN THE HAIR when turning grey, with Condy's Fluid. "I recommend Condy's Fluid as a hair stain." The Lady's Pictorial. SOLO LVERYNHERE, 8 oz. 11-, 20 02. 2/- insist on 6 6 CONDY'S FLUID." buying

Milllyoill s Humallo Methods APPEAL TO THE SENSE OF THE PEOPLE. PHENOMENAL SUCrESS• WILLING WITNESSES TELL OF THE WONDERFUL WORK. A SEPARATE CURE FOR EACH DISEASE. CORIZESPONDENCE INVITED ADVICE FREE • • TESTIMONIALS. WILL EVER PRAISE MUNYON, Mrs. Margaret Doncaster, residing at 463, Knutsford-road, Lattqaford, Warrington, says—' I suffered with a very severe Cough for a long time. I obtained no rest at nights, and the nein was intense, I fried many things but wad. get no relief. My daughter hearing how much good Munyon's Cough Cure had done some friend of h.::rs bought me a vial, and after taking only half a bottle of your wonderful little pellets I was astonished at the great relief they gars me, and after raking the remainder of the marvellous little pellets lam completely' cured. I will ever praise Munyon's Cough Cure for the great good it has done me. MRS. MARGARET DONCASTER." STRONGLY RECOMMENDS RUNYON'S CURBS. Mrs. Ann Littlerland, a well-known lady residing at 114, Bdieet,m_road. Crewe, says : " I have for a long time suffered from dyspepsia and liver complaint, and tried doctors and everything I could learn of, hut hive found nothing to give me the relief I have experienced since taking Munyon's Dysp• pile and Liver Cures, .nd I stror.gly recommend all sufferers to try Munyon's marvellous Cures, as nothing has done me such an amount of good as those little pellets, MRS. ANN LITHIIRLAND," y o one half l fto o remain e mthaei n boENTIRELY CURED BY MUNYON'S COLD CURE. tcsar: m alprocured pleased aan d in ntttihee Of h° e e Mr. Thomas Griffiths. a well :M -known resident of Crewe for over twelve years. and reel gat 107, Earle-street. tart little e vpeerlal el Crewe. says "I was suffering from a heavy cold,and h bottle of Munyon's Cold Cure and after taking nl glad to say that they have given me more relief than anything I have ever used, and lam now entirely well. I cheerfully and meat willingly recommend Munyon's Cold Cure to all sufferers. THOMAS GRIFFITHS, 107. Barle-street, Crewe." Munyon's Rheumatic Cure seldom fails to relieve in one to three hours, and irei 1:l few days. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Dyspepia Cure positively cures all forms of indigestion and stomach troubles. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumonia, and breaks up a cold in a few hours. Price One Shilling. night sweats, allays soreness, and speedily heals the lungs. Price One Munyon's Cough Cure stops cough, Menyen's Kidney Cure speedily cures piins in tho back, loins, er groins, mid all forms of kidney disease. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness and builds up the system. Price One Shilling, Munyou's Headache Cure stops headache In three minutes. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures all forms of piles. Price One Shilling. Munson's Blood Cure eradicates all impurities of the blood. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon to all women. Munyon's Catarrh Remedies seldom fall. The Catarrh Cure—price one shilling—eradicates the disease from the system, and the Clttarh tablets—pries one shilling—cleanse and heal the parts. Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in three minutes and cure permanently. l'rice Four Shillings. Munron's Vitalizer, a great tonic and restorer of vital strength to weak people. Priee Four Shillings. A separate cure for each disease. Mostly One Shilling a vial. Personal letters to Fro. Munyon, 121, Shaftesbury Avenue, I•OlldOn,W.C., answered with free medical advice for any disease.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE C)iEST„, W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be imp,. upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound such as L COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or MP mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal ~toppers. Others might be used., is§ COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be —, ,10 n as the best.—Observer. C 004 C KLESs FREE FROM MERCindet ANTIBILIOUS OF PIJRE vEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. piLLa, For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &e.

Charles Smith, a plasterer beloneing to Aberclieen,wo executed in Durham Gaol nn Tuesday morning Nl' having murdered his Wife at G tteshrad in lii.cemhe`. last by beating her to death with a lirnah handle. TIO jury had recommended him to meroy, hut the EP/ Secretary deciined to interfere with the due courge the law.

rDISPERSABLE TO LADIES I Particularly those who desire agate's, safe and reliable and non-injurious remedy for all obstructions and irregularities, a medi- tinewhich cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady heed despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases base been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your Invaluable remedy took Immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of 11111ft1'Y and hopelessness.' A properly certified Ljante° is enclosed with testimonials and medicine. laePackage at 4/8 is usually sufficient for soy case. Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- lars and proofs. 1 will forfeit £2.000 if the testi- Monials are not genuine. Thousands of unsolicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by Showy advertisements and other so-called remedies Which are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. Nonce—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have the largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and Only harmless medicine of its kind for ladies, and Cures more patients in one month than all other Female itemedies put together in twelve months. This can be proved by our Testimonials. If you require more particulars, I will send you per return of post, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid Book (34 pages) and Guide cloth covers, 6o pages and 40 illustrations of Ladies Appliances), and full particulars of the wonderful effective remedies as advertised and sold in every town and village in Great Britain. Consultations Free every day 3to 7. Established °vest Zoo years. Do not delay, but write at once privately to MADAME. FRAIN MEW Institute, Hackney Road, London, If 4 (Opo,""e Shoreditch Church.)

GREAT TRIUMPH. WARNER'S SAFE CURE FOR KIDNEY AND URINARY DISEASES. Prescribed by Physicians OF ALL Countries. DI3TINGUISHED PROOF OF MERIT. The only remedy which cures BRIGHT'S DISEASE. "Look to your Kidneys and Good Health will beYours." Send fr Pamo:Cet and Diet Rules to— ll. H. WARNER & CO., 86, Clerkenwell Road, London, E.C. Price 26 and 4,6 per bottle. SOLD ALL OVER THE WORLD.

YOU A BAD LEG unds that discharge or otherwise, perhaPs surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when You Press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- Er,"°o ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies ne ten:males you have tried, which. if not extracted, you rat can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. .2thaPs your knees are swollen, the Joints being ulcerated , we same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis• sito.red„ .or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to j,;"'"'llue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may —',4713 attended various hospitals a- d had medical advice, and ;;;;171l told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am. rzation ; but do not. for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say 1/aPS ;hut I WILL. Because others have failed is no ifortenti."l4 for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order "s• 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDON-EITREET Cllt, and you will receive a box or 43A4S8HOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS wntrari , certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs ditos s -Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols ) lel lan ' (Registered Copyzight.)

\\\\:\V., • \\ I „•\ \ I / ort-te- I4C:).I,,FZSETS• HIGH-GRADE MANUFACTURES. ECONOMIC IN PRICE. kPxS• • Perfection of Shape. ; , Best Materials. , High-class Work. British Manufacture. , RUSTLERS "ZAIROID" BOOKS AID SUPPORTS. 1 Various Shapes for all figures. We recommend ZBB Black,'s/6:, ZB7 White, French Grey, or Putty, SS. ' • Iruaable to obtain,fwrite to W. Prett • Son, Ipswich, for illustrated list, and particalars as to where procurable.

WORDS OF WISDOM FOR OUR WIVES -- 33ekit a new treatise of advice and Information for the ed.: It le fully illustrated, and contains information vul n reUNDRRDS OF POUNDS. Send at once, and you regret doing so. Poet free, one stamp for postage, vwee•• Illustrated lists of Rubber appliances. Prevente- . eat Post free 2 stamps. NIADAM PAUL, 10 ROLFWELL-STRISIIT. STRAND. LONDON.

OUR LOCAL CHIJRCEIEB. --- WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY. The meeting ef this society in Wycliffe Church on Sunday afternoon was presided over by Mr. Pickavance. There was a large attendance. In the course of a short address the Chairman referred to two significant inci- dents which nad occurred durinp the previous week. One was the floatation of Messrs. Lipton's Limited when £50,000,000 were subscribed for a subscription list of only £2,500,000, and the other, an account of the dire distress in the West of Ireland, where men women, and children were unable to obtain the necessaries for Subsistence. The Chairman proceeded to refer to this striking contrast of wealth on the one hand and distress and poverty on the other, and pointed out that if only a penny of each pound which , had been subscribed for the floating of Messrs. Lipton's were given to the relief of the Irish distress, the SUM of £208,333 6s. Bd. would be raised. This would be more than sufficient to enable the Irish people to tide over their difficulties. Continuing, the Chairman re- ferred to Christ's command to 6` Bear ye one another's burdens."—The address for the afternoon was delivered by Mr. tSroornhead, of Manchester, who spoke upon character, and referred to Christ, as the greatest ex- ample for them to follow.—Mrs. D. S. Stone contributed a solo entitled "The land of little children," and Mr. R. H. Pearson gave a violin solo. Both items were given with excellent taste, and were greatly appreciated. The service was also taken part in by the Rev. John Yonge, Mr. Healey, and Mr. Whitnall. A contest bweteen English aud French runners took place on Sunday at Ville d'Avray, near Sévres, the former winning easily. Robinson, ot Northampton, was first, followed by Harrison, of Manchester. The runners included men from Salford and elsewhere. During a football match between Alverthorpe and Normanton teams at Alverthorpe on Saturday a player named William Edward Kaye, of Alverthorpe, slipped during a run ard fell with his neck across another play- er's knee. The blow caused such serious injuries ta the spine that death occurred a few hours afterwards.

FITS OR EPILEPSY, GIDDINESS. SENSATIONS, FAINTS.I th.,_l4 CERTAIN METH9D of CURE has been discovered for distressing eom 1 • te It is never known to fail, and 'ln our P • have bre., e moat hopeless case after all other means med. Full particulars free of all charge: Address : MR. WILLIAMS, It. DURWOOD PLA.CB, BIDE PARK, LONDON.

IMPORTANT TO YOU. Man has suffered for years with &weakness that igt;p-'4l 12,8 life and robs him of all his pleasures; when, be 4 Years of doctoring with all sorts of patent medicines. 1441 ads at 'at the right treatment, which brings back to teatiithe Power and energy that seemed lost for ever, that A itbould have every reason to be thankful. 14ast "ICAL THRXTISE (98 Pages) on this seientific and ilTervollucceasful method for the rapid and permanent cure of 114„„tha4° Debility and the kindred physical and ervous unrina, also on Diseases of the Skin, Bladder, Blood, and reeeipe System may te obtained by post, in envelope, on salf,Pat ig* Lt 4 Stamps, by writing to-day to MEseas. 'B4OIII,VN AND CO., 3 AND 4, FITZALAN-SQUARB, 41,0, the —Y !tarried and single men should avail himself of thor°ol)Portunity to secure a copy of this valuable book, which lastr,ll,l4lllY eanlains the different ailments arising from worry and their rapid and permanent cure. SSALIin. ADDRESS_ Niko 14rs. WILKINSON, 8c CO Pitzalan Square, Sheffield. ESTABLISHED 1830 (68 YEARS.)

- 3 ,t 4,1 EART ; ' It is astonishing how many people imagine they suffer from MilflailLlVT s]sxis, They experience a depressing fesling abmt the region of the heart, accompanied by an occasional stab of ram, nervous Mbility, loss of appetite, s.'„ and general depression. The fact is they suffer from ,e 4 1111DIGESTO ODYSPO:PS/A. ley" The food, instead of being thoroughly digested, develop,: into Wind, and presses - against tile valves of the heart, causing the symptoms named. All who suffer in this way should at once take PAGE WOODOCKA,S Ihmem pILL 4 A world-renowned Remedy for all Stomach asorders. All sufferers from INDIGESTION, LIVER COMPLAINTS, WIND ON THE STOMACH, SICK HEADACHE, NERVOUS DEBILITY, BILIOUSNESS, etc., should avail themselves of this most excellent medicine. All Medicine Vendors, 1/1i & 219. Post free for price, from • 3PALCiliaal WiTC:II4OO3ZPIO ID 403 Er., XaXATC2D3r-ITIT. -#7 `4A

ailmelqo-0 -0-0-0 0-0 0 0 0 00 0 0 BLAISDELL 0 G ,t 'k I • ‘ lIINLSEYB l A I SDELL 4, 0 t. i F POINTING pEN,OIIb- All Colours. All Grades. Black Lead id. and 2d. No Waste. Best Leads. Coloured Crayons 2d. and 3d. scam EVERYPOIERE. SAMPLE BOX OF 5 PENCILS 1/- FREE BY POST IN THE um. BLAISDELL PENCILS LIMITED, 46, HOLBORN VIADUCT, LONDON s E.O.

I --————-- -- - ___ . <:::‘: ka • ~," i . ---"------y?"..4%:-_-# ~....., 6'4.1 MARK , . . , .1 firillr' , II 71 %-5,... .0/. '''•'' / . : na 'f",lll!‘' . rry , .. * e g flij %. L 1 i.";---. AO 0 .': : ' A II ,cVI -Ir i , 1 e 0 y j BRITAIN'S abm...,,,..,,4A. ~.... -----...y. ,t 4 BICYCLE ,I, i„..'. _ 0

1 14 v.? (;) cA.)r-.4 v f 4 tifa v. afa e 2 (-1-4 v ~ r: The Danger 1 llin -Fij i 1 VI , .., from a Cough Ii r PSI a Cse i I E) r 2 is in the weakness of the system. The cough itself is not a serious \ I to: matter until the strength of the , 1, 6 -, system begins to fail. But when 'IL _____ t's the body grows weak and calls ;4'4,4eitu.361.11;,1 ‘AC,I 11 L on its flesh for reinforcements it is high time 1.! ij to do something besides taking local specifics. D 1. 07 E) Scott's Emulsion 't cz .... ............ , -i) is not only a specific. It is more. It im- proves nutrition and enables the system to e 7 E,) resist the cough. If you are susceptible to D (3, coughs, colds, bronchitis and similar ailments, I D you cannot say you are well, for you are not. You need Scott's Emulsion. 4) (3 In Scott's Emulsion you find cod-liver oil, ti'l hypophosphites and glycerine in a form agree- -4) I able to take and easy of digestion. 1 ‘.• I) TASTE SCOTT'S AND YOU WILL TAKE D q NO OTHER. (-7 D SCOTT & BOWNE, LTD., LONDON, E.C. ALL CHEMISTS. 2/6 AND 4/6. D (2

*Fiakilt.4, ,4- - ' 1'- 1 11 '"1.r.)A!1",

DR. WEIR'S Poi:to-us PidAsrrEx:t 3000,11/31.113 13125413• 3310111.121110 StlP4Brkiitlx. INSTAMTLY RELIEVES PAIN.

.ovm ALLCOCK'S POROUS PLASTERS STRENF.THENoe WEAK BACKS, CURES LUMBACO, RHEUMATISM. ALLCOCK'S are the only genuine, safe, and reliable Porous Plaster made, so insist on having ALLCOCK'S. Take no other.

, 9,(-- : ' ea koaa (e... 0. ittlav t;': 0 jos CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVING ALL-PAIN AND THROBBING AND:SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, I'l. of alllChemists. M. BEETHAM &SON, Chemists, HELTENHAM.

FOR ACHES AND PAWS. Rub In For Rheumatic Pains, Lumbago, Sprains, Bruises, Fresh Cuts, Sore Throat from Cold, Chest Colds, Neuralgia from Cold, Stiffness from Severe Exercise Ellin) an's The only Genuine Elliman' S RUB ON 1 Elliman' s in the Market." I. D. CAIN, Cap'ain Elliman s and Trainer, lElliman's BrooklynAthletieCluh 17.8. A., s July Ist, 1897. EllirnaliFOß ACHES AND PAINS Rub In Elliman's Bottles, Rd., //It 2/9) 4/- Jars--xx/- and 22/- Prepared only by— ELLIMAN, SONS & CO., Slough, Eng.

WOMEN'S AILMENTS. RIOGULARITIRS. &I—A Lady, having tried in vain " every advertised remedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act in a taw hours. no matter how stubborn the case. Bona fide sufferers can get it FRB& of CHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment with Worthless Pills. Mixtures. Cones and other injurious nostrums. Write at once w.th full lIOPE and CONFI- DENCE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46. Southampton Buildings Chancery-lase, London.

rowLE.,})&i.N‘..II2,YI.PE,OLII:A ,PILLS rco.; rcivi ALE 1 . comstrr 001112 WOT ALT. 1111111111eLAIRM/011111M Aix commons, mid rellsro Ow so prevalent smith Os see. Bowls. letitidre2l44=rbre. lima tin quantity). of all Oh al& I aaywhero on randpani li6 or 84 elloorpot PI 2. T. TOWLa 4 Cs., Manufaolneera, D den Bt., rottingbarn.

LET MEDICINE ONE co AND " D.C.L.," which is a 11, 0 i 4 A-! TOW' Chem!: :301 hlake!-a.:—THIE

Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- sence. Makes a cup in a moment.

THE G;tEAT xIEDY. / OUT; PILLS FOR GOUT RHETivtATH vir !...!f!l.‘ rto4., LUMBAG 0 The Excruciating Pain is quickly relipved, Sure. Sa e a n ffectual. All Cherniqt+al..-cs All I 2s. 9,1.b05.

cziNtsl.T4l.!•. ' MID( .....:.i..:.:.., -

These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder Irouble promptly. The) ere superior to Copaiha. Cubebs or Injections, and cu re in forty-eight hours the nte diseases wi t I cut inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name Midy.' Sold by Chemists, or post free a 6 frcm WILCOX A CO., 83,MortImer St.,Londorl.W.

PURE IRISH LINEN,„ IRISH LINEN IRTSH LINEN ISH LINEN '.RISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH L (NEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN ALL G. R. HU

For brain workers, business and professional men, Journalists, artists, statesmen, clergymen, the " D.C.L." Malt Extract is an almost indis- pensable help, not only to the preservation of health, but to the maintenance of working efficiency. Medicine is generally unavailing against dysi;epsia, and the true and rational remedy is the "D.C.L." Malt Extract, which is not an additional tax on the stomach, but a powerful ally that eases the burden, and thus gives the organ time to right itself without lowering the system by deprivation of nourish- ment. The constituents of Malt Extract include those life-giving properties— phosphate of lime,which builds up the bone and tissue, malt sugar, dextrine, and albumenoids, important nutritive elements, and diastase, Which acts as a digestive agent, especially in regard t,. starchy foods. The use of " D.C.L." Malt Extract diffuses a secret satisfaction throughout the entire system, and no other food so readily takes the fancy of children and in- valids. It can be obtained combined with Cod Liver 011. and in that form is an ideal prepara- tion for fortifying the system against cold. fo- " 0-CLL." Malt Extras,. riLLERs co., Limited, EDINBURGH.

NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. TO THU BLISOTORS OF TOWN HALL WARD. Lames AND Ggrrrormcw,— Hai g bren asked by many of the Niectors in the Town Hall Ward to allow myself to b 3 noroinat-d for the vaCiAley occurring in Meat Ward by the retirement of trie Nev. E. W. Whittenbury-Kaye, I have after due consideration, agreed to contest the Ward in the interests of all classes of ratepayers. I My previous experience as a member of the District Coun- cil warrants me in coming to this decialoa, and as my views on Township matters a-e as well known. I do not think a reiteration of them is here necessary. I am firmly of opinion that the Water supply to the Town- ship is inadequate, and if elected as your representative I will give this question my earnest consideration. The questiou of Sewage discoial will shortly have to be dealt with. lam fully alive to its importance in relation to public health, and any wise reform will have my earnest support. The better housing of th 3 '.7nrking Cusses will have in me a warm advocate. Soliciting the svour of your support. I am your obedient Servant, WILLIAM BEATTY. Earlestown, March 11th, 1893.

RAY AND MILES' CLEARANCE SALE, FEBRUis EY 218 T To MARCH 26TH CINCLUSIFE). Mr. WILLIAM RAY begs to announce I hat he has recently' taken over the ENTIRE STOCK of his late firm at the MCs;re ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS, which will enable him to offer about 4 0 , 0 0 0 WORTH OF FURNISHING GOODS AT OR UNDER THE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES, thus affording an exceptioual opportunity for tho-e about to Furnish, the Trade, Shippers, Hotel Proprietors and others. The:Original Prices, in Plain Figures, will be left on the Goods, so that Customers may see the Actual Redua tions madelin the prices. THE SALE OMMENCES THIS DAY, AND ENDS ON SATURDAY, niARCH 26. '1 All goods must be taken delivery lof and paid for by the Etk of April. or the original prices will be charged. RAY AND MILE (WM. RAY). 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48, LONDON-ROAD, BRIDPORT-ST., AND FRASER-ST., LIV E RPOOL. RAY AND MILES' TWELFTH CLEARANCE SALE IN 34 TEARS. CARPETS MADE FREE OF COST. CARPET SALE. Messrs. RAY and MILES beg to'ennounce their ANNUAL • SALE of CARPETS, commences this Day, and terminates •on the 26th of March. During the Sale the ENTIRE STOCK will be MARKED at a REDUCED PRICE, planned, made, and laid !down " FREE OF COST." The usnal ch trges for binding. riugs, and nails will be made. The stock consists of Axminster, Brussels, Tapestry, Kid- derminster, Felt, Dutch, and other Carpets; Floors:3m hs. Lindsurns, Hearthrugs, Mats, Ito , The conditions of the sale are "prompt cash," and all carpets bought during the sale must be laid down by the 9th of April. or if after that date the usual charges will be made. SPECIAL NOTICE. During this Sale we shall offer 150 Pieces of the Bat English Axmiroster Carpets at Ss per yard. with limaiers to match, and about 40 Pieces without Borders will be so' IE 4s 93 par yard. These goods are osnally sold at from 6s 23 to 6. 9,1 per yard, and as we cannot possibly repeat them at toe above prices we advise our costumers to make an early sele, Ron, HIS DAY, 34, 36, 38, 40,42, 44, 46, 48, LONDON-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. February 1898, THE ONLY LEGITIMATE SALE IN THE CARPET TRAJE. EVERY ARTICLE ABSOLUTELY REDUCED IN PRICE Brussels Carpets, the best quality made, at 3s 7d per yard other qualities at 3s 4d, 3s, 2s 8d 2s 3d, and 2s Id per yard. Made and laid free. Axminster Carpets. at Is lid, 411 31, 5s 3d, and 55 84 per yard. Made and laid free. Tapestry Carpets, the best quality made, at Is 3d ; other qualities at Is Id, Is 10d, Is 7d, is 41, and Is 23 per yezd. Made and laid free. About 2,000 Bordered Brussels Carpets, in all Ozer, at considerably less than the makers' present prices. Laid free of cost. 250 Bordered Tapestry Carpets. in good colourings, all reduced in price, and laid free of charge. All Seamless, Axminster, Brussels. Tapestry, and A a • Carpets redued in price. Laid free. SPECIAL PURCHASE.-124 Magnificent Bordered Ax- minster Carpets, will be sold at nearly half the usual prices. Laid down free of charge. li.-These goods are made in England. 20 Japanese Carpets,size 4 yards by 3 yards,will be cleared at 319 63 each. Laid free. 600 Best-quality Axminster Rugs, lift, 15s 63; reduced to 11963 ; 18ft, 22s 6d, reduced to 15s 6d; 16ft, 19s 6d, reduced to 138 6d. 750 Pieces of Linoleum, reduced to Is. "19114 d. is 93. 2s 3d, and 2s 63 per square yard, and laid free of cost. 450 Pieces of Floorcloth, reduced to Is 83. Is 2d, 2s 73, and Is 10d per square yard, cat to any size and fitted free. 175 Pieces of Floorcloth, sold in the width of 2 yards wide at la 44, Is 73, 2s, and 2s 83 per running yard. Laid free. About 80 pieces of Inlaid Linoleum will be sold at 23 lid per square yard and laid free of charge. The usual pees of' these goods is 4s per square yard. A Lot of Kensington Squares to be cleared est the following prices r--3 by 24 yards, Us 34 :3 by 3 yards, 13s 6d ; 3 by at yards, 159 94 ; 3 by 4 yards, 18s ; 4 by 35 yards, 21s; 45 by st yards, 23s 93. All llearthrugs reduced in price. All Skin Rugs reduced in price. All Skin Mats reduced In price. All Axminster Mats reduced in price. All Stair Carpets reduced In perm,. All Matti.rgs reduced in price. Every Art .ale in the Carpet Department reduced in r .ic and made aud laid free of charge. , RAY AND MILEs, 34, TO 485 LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

stsie A tA.,-4. 4....itc.e 4 .-•• :s`..;:•' • ••• • . ' FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DE N TISTR Y. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. Each patient Informor:d beforehand the ocst for TICETR. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless ExtLitliltilnivans, haterto. by the ea TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. Brors4of the late J. H. PARRINSON (DgrnaT T EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREW% it A-WC (NA.r. TEL. No. 1660), • " "41" .1; LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ' 5, 4-* ST. HELENS, Gt.if EDE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Maas WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-6T ..• RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BEIDGE-BT. ft CHWICH oa FR DAYS, 18, APPLEMARICICT-8 0.4 ,;

MARRIAGES. ANTROBITS —FraucEß—Sfarall 13tb, at the Parish Church, War- rington, by the Rev. A. P. White, William Antrobus to Harriet Fenner. DEATHS. STARKEY. —March 16,at 11, Cl:ff View, Stockton Heath, after a long and painful illness, aged 58 years, Ralhel,the dearly beloved wife or Joseph Starkey. Her end was peace. BUTTER'—March 10th, at Mersey-it., Warrington, Mary. Alice Rutter, aged 2 years. DENNErr.—daroh I.9th. at. Rvlands-st., Warrington, Sarah r Dennett, aged 60 years. II IN &El . —March 11th. at Town Hill, Warrington, Joba • Hines, aged 19 years. ComM. —March 12th. at Wildarspool Hold, Warrington. I, Hannah Cooke, aged 30 years. BRADSHAW.—March 13th, at Antrobus-it,, Warrington, Sara Jane Bradshaw, aged 38 years. Brstpsow —March 14th, at Dial-at., Warrington, Maria Simp- son, aged 34 years. lismumu.—March 17th, at Barnard-st., Warrington, John Beddard, aged 53 years. CLouan.—March 17th, at Victoria-at,, Warrington, William (tough, aged 36 years. Besvrica.—On the 16th inst., at Church-et., Warrington Mary- Remick, aged 67 years.

FRIARS' GRUEN, WARRINGTON (Opposite Arpley Station). S. if. WARD AND Co., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Piece!, Monumente,Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite. Marble, and Stone. Designs and listimate3 Free. 1=U:ill-CUTTING, AND CLRANING RXISTING PIONUMINTS A SPECIALTY.
