===== 0002601_18980826_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Telephcne No. 56. e: ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, eel to AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, announce that he has removed he Offices to the mere

• _ convenient premises rr, No. 15 BANK STREBT, •••• Oretuad ,Floar of the Central Sale Rooms.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
RENOWNED FOB TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, INpLumNzA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA., &wilts, ay. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE TOWYN 130. per Bottle. LES CHLORODE

i:.P.Tow7A

MANCHESTER.

EADICS

PILLS.

PILLS. All who suffer from Qout or EADE'd Rheumatism stould immediately EADB'S PILLS. have recourse to BADE'S FILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADWEi pus, been received from all sorts and Conditions of men testifying to EADH'S pua.s. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vex v EADB's puLLs. worst eases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe 10 their action.

INSTANT BELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT. PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation aver given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-creseent Dewsbury - road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HRUMATISM "Dear Sir,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had I J, RHtJMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HEUMAT IS The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by 5 GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did 50, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM my being laid up again. liver since, when I have had the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 Fills and I have been all again RHE UMATI S:11 directly. I WOULD NOT Ms WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RIIIiUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you likt of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased lb answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM n.e (enclosing stamped address). hing you every lumen, Yours truly, ALBERT BiotrAvAnc." _ _

BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC RILLS Ave sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 2& or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprletus. GROWN BADE, 72, GOBWELL-ROID, EX. Ask tor and be sure you. obtain &AIM'S GOUT AND zalllU. RATIO PILLS. EADE LB PI L

FRANCIS J. DELL, HOUSE DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always in Stook. 30, SANKEY-BTREET, WARRINGTON.

£6O PRIM ()ASH PRIZB COMPBTITION.-18T PRIZB, £2.5 ; END PRIZB, £2O; 33u) PRIZE, £lO ; 4TII PRIM £5. The above Money Prizes will be given away as an Adver- tisement amongst the Competitors who re-arrange the following letters. viz. :

TUBREBE KARBB, ROCEOR, PA RDER, Li represent the n.ames of four well-known Trades.

Bend In your solution at once, and we will inform you if Correct, and give you full details of the Competition with conditions and date of closing. If you cannot solve all four do as many as you Can, as there are four Prizes to compete for. No solution can be received after October 17th. 1898.

TM LONDON FOUNTAIN PEN CO., , 117 A SEVEN SISTERS-ROAD, LONDON, N. x

b'

===== 0002601_18980826_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
Ifiontp.

MORTGAGES, all amounts from 22e4 to 820,000, at low rate of Interest. J. H. HAQUE, Reins' Buildings, 49, spring Gardens; (corner Fountain-street), Manchester.

NOTE—NO PRELIMINARY FEES MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale, Publicity, or Fees, from one month to five years. TH B NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS STREET, Established 1872. MANCHESTER. Capital, £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages bo all responsible Persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and Prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge fell minarT or inquiry fees, and the usual objeetional Loan Office routine is entirely dispensed with. Apply strictest confidnce to yr. ROBERT JAMES, Resident Manager. ROTH—SPECIALLY RADVANTAGEOUS TERMS for LOANS on LIFE PESUOANCE POLICIES, nEvrasrozi and SECOND MORTGAGES. NOTE.—BO PRELIMINARY PEES,

===== 0002601_18980826_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
GRIFFIN

_ ----- Attends Warrington. 35. BEWSEY-STREET, WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS.

emtration.

- /FHB MISSES RIMMIIII. Sen. Ho*. Cert. R.A.M. 23, 1 WILSON PATTBN-STIIEST , WARRING bebeoll will RE-OPEN (D.V.) September 14th, lista of Eases. Foes. Testimonials, eta., on application.

WK ARWIC HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LE-PYLDE. 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. 112. cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident English and Foreiga certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Priacipal.—ElBll ROGERSON. 0.9131118.11* Pupil wanted.

ARRINGTON GRAMMAR Safloolft

THE NEXT TERM will begin on TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 13TH. THE HEAD MASTER will be at home to Interview parent. on Saturday, September 10th and Monday, September 12th. PROSPECTUS, ar, ON APPLICATION.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL FEB £4 4s. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM begins TURWAII, SEPTEMBER 13th. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12TE at 9 a.m.

Prospectuses, Forms of Applioation, &c., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-housein connection with the Schad is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver,

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND IPROFIBION

DEALER,

LEGH-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

BEST BREAD,

FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND. ONESHIRS

CHEESE.

KEATING'S' POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POW 'DER.

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetlesl K,lls Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beefiest Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Bestial THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
THE UNRIVIILED BILLER.

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetlen (Harmless to everything but luseets4 Sold only In tins, 3d., 6d., andts Only be sure you clo get " KeAting'sil FLEIS' BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEASBKETLES, MOTHS, BUGS ' FsB7ZETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. '

SPEC/ AL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE

------ SELECTION OF BOOM

is now being offered by

.. T. CLARKE, " BXAMINHR" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOOK AND BowDON. LONDON. At a Dleeonnts of 20 per cent or 4e, in the Pound.

WOMEN', AILMENTS. IRREGULARITIBS, Aze,_ Ls 4, hAvinx tried in valit ScilimAßplealiurbey, :se. act every advertlar,d rtmecy, has. at last discovered a stubborn the ea B -fide sufferers can get it FRB of InonsiWngill ttet in a few hours, no Matter how stamped envelope. Don't experiment with Wo.ll,4ess Pills, mixtures, Cones, and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPE and CONPI DENOIS to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR. 46, Southampton Buildings Obaneery-lane, London. -

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOLAR r IRS, PRINTINQ FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, , , ritiNTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, pRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES --........,

JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWSEY sniur WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
W

TEETH,—A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. ID years' Warranty. SAM WOODS, Esq., M.P., says in his testimon at e— " They are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable. Sad MC 11l credit to you.' w.

H.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tt •„,:, ~,

===== 0002601_18980826_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
1 : t 1

tit i • 6

•- • tt :

===== 0002601_18980826_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
t I r

t,:' ) I. ,- , c

I; ;;

; ."

.•. e •

: • r

,

1 4

k ' • •

f f

P '

I '

===== 0002601_18980826_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

I

===== 0002601_18980826_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGA LL'S PATENT SELF—RAISING FLOUR "INDIGESTION.

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Hz: "If I should steal a kiss would you miss it?" She: "No; I wouldn't miss a kiss forlthe world, George!" A PENSIONER. —" Was Wipedunks a soldier during the late war?" "I can't say. All I know is that he has been one ever since it closed." Hz KNEW. —Teacher : "What animal attaches himself to man the most?" Johnny Thickhed: " The—er—er—bulldog, ma'am." ITS PROPfat PLACE.—" Here is a joke about an

_ electric shock," said the hurnourist. "Put it under the head of Current Fun,'" replied the editor.

AN INTERESTING SPECULATION. Mamma: 1" Johnny has broken every tool in his new tool chest." Papa: "I wonder what he will use now to destroy the furniture? "ru tired of the men of to-day," declared Misr, :Elderly; "It was very different in the good old. clays of chivalry." "Do tell me about it, dear," answered Miss Deeply; "It was before my time, you know." NOT NLCESSARILY MUTUAL.—Mother: "My dear, there ran be no domestic happiness unless there are mutual concessions." Married Daughter: Nonsense, mother 1 We could get along very well if Chinks would make concessions." INcitzniar.E.—Soap Man: "We can't use this. I like strong testimonials, but this one goes too far." His Partner : " What does it ray?" Soap Man: "A lady writes that even her five-year-old iboy likes our soap." CHANGEABLE.—Doctor: "I wish, after all, I had given you something else in place of those powders." Patient: "Here they are, doc. I concluded not to take them." Doctor: "Did you? When I guess you'd better, after all." A SUNDAY-SCHOOL DIALOGUE.—Rev. Dr. Bone- ahake : "A painful rumour hab reached rue dab rudder Backslide done got tight yesterday. An' he had jes' signed de pledge toe drink nuffin' but watah." Deacon Setback (dubiously): " Mebbe .he was watah-tight." "I am tired to death," declared Mrs. Matronly as she reached home from down-town the other evening. "What's the matter? "asked her husband, "Been having baby's picture taken, whey have a way of taking them instantaneously now, you know." "How long were you at it ? " "Three hours and a half." MRS. FANCIFITL—" The doctor says, James, that if I had a pleasant shock to the system it would do me a world of good." Mr. Fanciful: "Then I can give you one. You know that bonnet of Mrs. Dresser's that you so envied? Well, she was caught in the rain, and it's quite spoilt. Now you feel better, don't you?" ' A SCIENTIFIC JoKa—A chemist in the canton of Aargan, Switzerland, caught a number of spar- rows unusually tame, owing to the severity of the winter. He afterwards painted their feathers in the most unlikely colours, and let them ga. In a few days all the papers were full of notices of the appearance of these strange birds, and a lively dis- cussion arose in scientific circles as to the origin of these rare visitors}

A GENTLEMAN who was a great believer in the efficacy of concentrated chemical manures was chatting one day with his bailiff. " Ah, Jones," he said, "it's my firm opinion that the day will come when a man will be able to carry all the manure necessary for a ten-acre field in one of his waistcoat pockets." "Maybe, sir, maybe," responded the bailiff, "and no doubt he'd be able ' to carry all the crops he'd raise off it then in the other." A FINAL JUDGMENT.—A judge, travelling on circuit during the second half of the last century, put up at a small country inn, where, whatever might be said for the fare placed before his lord- ship, the provision offered to his horse was of a very inferior description. On the judge calling the attention of the innkeeper to the fact that the animal refused to eat the hay set before it, the host assured him that it was very good hay. "Sir," re- .. _ . _ . .

plied the judge, "in a question about hay there can ,be no appeal from the decision of my horse." - No LAUGHING Marrmß.—A courtier of the third Napoleon was being quizzed one day about the forms and ceremonials which attended Court life, _ _ . _ _ _ _ _

and asked if he did not find it difficult to preserve a straight and grave face during the many absurd and ridiculous mummeries in which he participated. "That is nothing at all," he replied; but to laugh and enjoy jokes which have neither wit nor point, to smile and to be amused when etiquette demands it, that is the worst part of our task."- EQUALLY BAD.—In a certain bank the clerks are

presided over by a rather impetuous manager, whose violent fits of temper very often dominate his reason. For instance, the other day he was remonstrating with one of them about his bad work. "Look here, Jones," he thundered, "this won't do ! These figures are a perfect disgrace to a clerk I I could get an office boy to make better figures than those, and I tell you I won't have it! Now look at that five. It looks just like a three. What do you mean, sir, by making such figures? Explain !' "I—er—l beg pardon, sir," suggested the trembling clerk, " but—er—well, you see, sir, it is a three." "A three !" roared the irate manager. "Why, you idiot, it looks just like a five!"

THE BULL AND THE GOVERNMENT PAPERS.— Some members of an English ordnance survey while in the south of Scotland entered a field belonging to a crusty old farmer. Seeing the strangers look- ing about in a way he could not understand, the farmer approached. "What are ye loitering in the field for?" "Oh we have a right to go any- where," returned one of the company. "We are surveying, and here are our Government papers. ' "Paper here or paper there," returned the farmer, "ye gang out o' my field." "No, we shan't," returned the man, "and you are rendering your- self liable to prosecution for interrupting us." he farmer said no more, but went over to his shed, which opened into the field, and let out a bull, which no sooner saw the redcoats than he went for them in full career. The surveyors matched up their theodolite and flew for their lives, while the old farmer, in great glee, yelled after them: "What are ye running for? Can ye no show the bull yer Government papers?" BUT Poou RECOMPENSE.—A family, whose home is near London, have in their employ a cook, whose ways and cooking are so near perfection, that, were she to leave her present home, on half of the mistresses in the district would be eaZer to secure her services. But, treasure that she is, she came very near to making a change of resi- dence at the close ot her very first month's stay. On the morning of the day upon which her wages became due her mistress requested her to step into the study where her master was waiting to pay her what was due. In a few moments she ruahed from the study to the kitchen, where she had left her mistress, and in less time than it takes to narrate had given that astonished lady notice. "But whatever is the :natter, Mary?" inquired her mistress, "what has your master said or done to annoy you?" "He hasn't said nuqun' " replied Mary, as she flourished a cheque in her mistress's face, "but he's on'y given me this for a month's slavery. Not me; I ain't no ortygraph collector, I ain't."

HIS CLUS.—" Look here, she said, defiantly, as she strode into the detect:ve's office, "My hns- band's missing." " You Cion't say so I" "I don't say so, don't I? Well, I'd have you to under- stand that I do say so, and whaes more, you heard me say so. And I don't propose to stand here and be contradicted by any man that lives." She paused for breath, and the officer murmured: "I didn't mean any offence." "If that ain't like a man ! What difference does it make what you meant? You don't suppose I care what you meant? You've got your business to attend to, haven't yon AN I ask is that you mind it, and not ask foolish questions and make silly remarks. Where's my husband? "Why—how do I know where he is. You're not paid for knowing where he is are you? ce I haven't been up to the tax-llector's office twice twenty—_.j ten—years, to look after just a year for thelasotf tywouenr Paying my share ' "' stwil cases as this.: Well, ma, 41n, I don't know where he is, but I have a ~,,°.1:;•?.7 your Yhou'isbdaonn: left so? "The first thing we do is tb look for a motive. Fll let you know." I think I've found out more home. If I learn any --Aix' -he dodged into his private office and bolted the 'door.

_ EVERY WOMAN BOOK containin! Should send two stamps foe eurqi-FAV valuable Information to Ladies' i:Cw 11 irregularities may b c,tirely Avoided or iiemoved by 'lmpte Ai ear s Rocorn weaned by eminent Plthlkieikns as :4 only Safe, Sure, and genuine Remedy. " bever Fails, bousarnis Of Testi- w.lg-IstAittitii, kt darer:lent House l'o:ert•ruLd, Do!ttork Lurid ;,

===== 0002601_18980826_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
C 6 cA.PITAL" CHAT.

Prince Bismarck died worth a million sterling. He was rich amongst European statesmen, but poor amongst financiers. About a twentieth part of his wealth was the price paid for the long-expected memoirs, the first volume of which is approaching publication. It is said that the manuscript was divided into very small portions, so that the com- positors should not learn the authorship, but the " more sagacious " amongst them guessed the truth from the " pregnant style." That can be easily believed. Bismarck could not have written many I sentences without revealing himself in some Bis- marckian phrase. It is reported, however, that the memoirs are not really memoirs, but an elaborate vindication of the wri,er's policy without much psychological analysis of his contemporaries. In other words, there is little or no gossip. It may be doubted, however, whether Bismarck could write a book about his statecraft without some reminis- cences of his contemporaries and antagonists. Some of them are still alive, and will have a good deal to say, so that if the memoirs are not racy in them- selves they may be the cause of raciness in ethers. ' Apart from this, a review of European politics for forty sears by the chief actor on the Eurcpean stage , in that period must have the greatest historical and personal interest.

It seems to be generally understood that the Duke of Westminster's reference, in a recently published letter, to £.400,000 a year as "more than double what I receive." applies to his total income. The more reasonable reading is that it relates only to a part, for it was made in answer to the assertion that his " square Mile in the West End yields £400.000 a year," and he particularly mentions South Belgravia. The Duke has a large estate in Park Lane and other parts ot Mayfair, where the leases are falling and being renewed at greatly in- creased prices. What those are likely to be may he gathered from the neighbouring property of Lord Cadogan, where not long ago ground rents of £5 gays place to rents of £5O. The 1V estminster estate in South Belgravia has an interesting history. Now quite covered with buildings, it was to same extent a common in the seventeenth centary, the people having Lammas rights of pasture on it. It came into the possession Qf the Grosveuor family in 16.16. At the beinniug of th prent century it was marshy and anhealthy, and under the name of the Five Fields had a bad reputation a.+ d resort of footpads. Up to 1826 it was of little value to the owners, but in that year an Act was passed under whieh thet district was drained and the surface raised, and novarial with the buildings which have since become se valuable. At the expiration of the forty years which the leases have still to run its ground value will be fabulous. •

The declaration 0 the " Daily News" in favour of the reunion of Nonconformity and Liberalism on the basis of a Dis.establishment policy has caused a good deal of commotion in religious circles. It is certainly a remarkable fact that Reestablishment at the present moment is far more to the front than it has been for some years,end that the policy of the bishops has done nothing to d&ay it. In fart,the iecWnt action of Dr. Creighton,to which at- tention was drawn, in sanctioning such mediaeval festivals as All Soul's Day and Corpus Christi has drawn a protest even from the moderate Evangeli- cal sectien of the church which is represented by the " Record " newppaper. Still, I do not think that even a Dieestablishment crusade would much alter Episcopal policy. This fact is not so much due to any sympathy on the part of the bishops with ritualistic practices as to the dread syLich they entertain of a High Church secession similar to that of the Methodists at the end ot the last and the beginning of the present century. Tril espe- cially applies to London, which the " Record" de- scribes as an ecclesiastical Alsatia. The bishops, however,are well aware of the comparati•ely small number of churchgoers in London, and they are afraid that if these numbers were reduced by the secessions of the ritualistic congregations the posi- Von of the Church in London would became almost as weak as it is in Wales. It is also remarkable, considering their strong hostility to Mr. Asquith'e Disestablishment Bill, to note how indifferent the Ritualiets now seem to the raising ef the question even in England. They do say,bowever, that if Dis- establishment is to come, the sooner it comes the better.

Dereia anew and very interesting letter of Mr. Gladstone's. It was addressed to the Rev. Father Tawliabus, a Roman Catholic missionary in India, who had compiled from Dante a treatise on the divine authority of the Catholic Church, and had sent a copy to Mr. Gladstone : " Rev, and dear sir,—lt will surprise you to learn my belief that I was born and have always lived in the Catholic Church of his country, founded long before St. Auctistioe extended it, and that by leav- ing it I should commit an act of rashness and a great sin. Nevertheless, I thank you ter your most lucid communication, which I have been reading with great interest. I regard it in its motive as a manifestation of Chrittian love, and I look upon your prayer that I may be led into the right way as a favour done to me. Your great po,t (Dante) has taught ne much, and I hrpe to derive from him yat farther hem:4h before idle. And I remain, with every good wish, rev, and dear sir,yours very faith- fully, W. E. GLADSTONE. "Aug. 21, 1895."

I divine

It is thought here that the transfer of Colonel Hay from the American Embassy to the John American secretaryship of State, is not merely in- dicative of a good und-rstanding between the Government of the United Stites and that of Her Majesty. PT sonse time past negotiations have been proceeding between Washington and London at to the possihilty of the aleption by the two countries of a common policy in the Far East, or wherever else American and British interests mat/ be identical ; and the negotiations have proco.eled so far that agreement upon such a policy has sub- stantially been arrived at. Colonel John Hay is trausferred to Washington to aid in carrying out this policy, because from his particular knowledge and sympathies he is the man especially suited to the purpose. There is no intention of binding this country and the United states in an *Mance. Each country will be free to pursue its own destinies in its own way, but the Governments will act together displomatically where the common interests of British subjects and American adz :ns are con- cerned.

The eccentricities of society are always amuaing and the social philosopher might. write a volume on the changing method of greeting and of handshak- ing adopted by the beau mon6e. A new bow has made its appearance among the most fashionable members of New York society, which differs amaz- ingly from the old. Instead of a movement forward, the man turns his bead sharply at an angle, bends hi. body sideways, and in saluting the lady takes his bat off at the same angle as that in which he moves his bead, so that the hat is carried over,to a line rather below the level of the shoulder. The woman bows in a somewhat similar fashion, but in a very. nonchalant manner. Both parties to the salute incline the body to the right in passing, so that there is no danger of collision ia clops quarters, which there certainly would be if there were no " rule of the road."

One of those periodical exhibitions at the Agri- cultural Hall that mark time in our progress from old-fashioned methods of dealing with the work-a- day details of life towards the ideal when mechani- cal science is to do the work which the human hand was wont to perform was opened on Monday at lelington. This was the sixth annual Laundry vxhibition, which will last a fortnight. Otadually the laundry-maid's art, even in its mcst intricate phapoe, is being monopolised by machines so Mi- ca ely adjusted as to perform the labour of scores of hands, and PO far as the results are concerned with not a clumsy move in the whole operation. Judg- ing from the exhibits, machinery can do everything nowadaya—washing, starching, ironing, goffering, and plaiting. And yet the labourer is more than eviir worthy of her hire, for with all the modern 1 improvements the organisers of this exhibition ' declare that at the present time it 18 impossible to obtain the services of a sufficient number of rartiv sbilled hands to enable the laundry-man to conduct his bipirosen Punctually. They say, moreover, there is a vas field for respectable girls and an income which would fairly astonish those who devo'e their energies to typewriting and clerical work. By some inexplicable conjunction motor care are classed' alongside the laundry exhibits, and fill half the space of the Islington Hall.

BIRDS. AMMALS AiiirFlSH—Stig"Fjp. AND mounted in Glass Cases any i(eslaii:: MEADS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screen.. Deale in rrjr•sir pro Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins, Butterfileee Veil. Eggs. G 11364 shade. Stave' Heads. Cabinets. Store NV,IX‘": 14'45 vin" Requisites for B,,iterfly rnd) Egv • Delle&we —B. Conga. Nsturalist and Furrier, 21, Rettolass;- street, Liverpool Estal,lisbed 24 years.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 26, 1898

" WOMEN'S CHAT."

The Queen's autumn sojourn at Balmoral will extend to rib-int the middle of November w hen the Court will move to Winos r. Among the many visitors Her Majesty will receive in her Scottish home will be the Duke and Daeh3ss of York, the Duke angi Duchess of Connaught, Princess Louisi, the Crown Princess of Romania, a very favourite grandeltughter, Prince and Princses Francis JosPh of Battenberg, and Countess Yon Erbsch ScLoubera, a sister-in-law of Princess Henry of Batter.- berg, to whom Her Royal Highness is most tenderly attached.

When the Queen travels to and from Seethed, a dainty time table is always provided for Her Majesty's UB9. On it are the times at which the train is due at all stations of importance, and the duration of the stop- pages. It also directs attention to those points of the route wLere anything notable or new, might interest the Rsyal traveller. After leaving Aberdeen, the mute to Bahater is extremely pretty, and notwithstanding the rainy times she has travelled over it, the Queen always Gas her chair moved to the window, that she may enjoy the scenery. After the railway journey is at an and comes the drive to Balmoral, which is lovely, and this is always a great pleasure to the Queen. In Mr. Jon Knight, Her Majo,ty has lost her oldest servant. For many years hews. head gardener at Frog more, to the Duchess of Kent, the Queen's mother, and a few m tnths before the death of the Prince Consort he was appointed bead gardeuer in Hampton Court Palace. In this post her remained until fifteen years ago, and during that perOod he'was responsible for the great vine, from which he sometimes prided himself upon cutting na fewer than two thousand bunches in a season. In the ktedlv interest taken in her servants,the Queen sets an example it would indeed be well for many of tier subjects to follow. Her Majesty knew. all about the family hirthries of all hr upper servants,aed frequently questions them concerning their relatives. Whenever any of her attendants speak in a haughty er peremptory manner to the servante,the Smereien invariably rebukes them for "not behaving kindly and teoughfully towards dependants." 'Many mistresses alas, are too apt to for- get that servants, like thetneelvee, are but flesh and blood. If however they would make up their miods to follow in her Majesty's feotstepa,less wou'cl probably las heard of the servant problem. A little kindly (=eider- ation, both as regerds words and def.cle, works wonders: The Queerilakes the greatest pessible interest in the homelier hicidento of farm life, and snakes frequent in- quiries as to the abate of the crops, and the stock that is being raised on the Hpale Farm at Frogmore. Het Majesty's farmer is expeciing to do very well at the fat stock sbow'this vear,and has gat through all his reaping without any untoward' ifteltient. The rickyrrid er the Horne Fai m will be-as full as it can be, when alt ie in. The Princess of Wales has lately succeeded in taking a prize for poultry—bantam fowls. The 808. Sibil Am- bent and Lady lingten were also exhibitors at the Kidlington Show,and the young Duchess of Marlborough who took it under her patronage, drove over to it from Wocdetock. Her Royal Eigheess has been a bird fancier for many years,and her aviary. at Sandringham, which Is constructed on the most humane principles, is one of the daintiest structures of Use kind in any part of the country. Miss Winif rid Bilis, sister of Mr. T. E. Ellis, M.P., is bray just now delivering lectures on ecokery, churning. and butter-making hi Merioneth. So far these lectures have been welleattended.ard great interest taken in the subjects dealt with„The ;lectures', has introduced much new machinery among farmers wives and daughters. and in oornequence of the adoption of newor 'methods, better'Pricee are being realised for farm produce. Miss Pis was educated at OsweetrY,.the University College! of Wales aed the Belem Department of South ltlaLlirig: toe, London

The institution which Lady Warwick proposes to establish for women students in connection with Read- ing College, Will be opened in October. The object Is to give women a thorough training in the lighter branches Of agricielture, flower and fruit growing, bee and pool. try-keeping, dairy work, and. so on. The institutisa will be eagerly welcomed by those women who desire to take up this profession, which has ell the a dvantago of thoroughly healthy rpm-air conditions, and is far to be tireferred to many of the isdeor occupations, open to our sex. Warwick Castle is held by many to be the most beau- tiful at in England. The large baronial ball is a maguificent room. It is decorated with the most per- fect specimens of armour, furnished in a luxurious mea- ner, and masses of flowers and large palms abound on, every sue. Lady Warwick's boudoir is a daineyeapart-. ment, upholstered in pale pink,white and blue, and con- taining seer ral beautiful pictures. There are anysum- her of peacocks to be seen walking about In front of the Castlyand a great many_Phdonee which are very rare. Lore and Lady Warwick have three children, two sons and a daughter. Lore Nrooke, the heir, is a capital cricketer, and is said to stand a good chance of being in, the Eton eleven next year. But for tho fair Yankee, our shops would be deserted. Evidently tee proffetors have recognised this fame as they are all busily doing their best to attract our enusinsfrom over the " pond." Big and important looking cards have put in their appearance arm-miming this or that novelty for the " fall," and assistants are quite glib in their computation of the " dollar " when waiting upon Americans. There is very little doubt that the British shopmen likes the American customers. No haughty aloofness, nor condescension is theirs, no. separate standpoint, but just the direct appeal from one mind to the other. I always enjoy a pees at Our Cousins, dripping. Their directness is so refreshing. From its present position as an accessory, velvet pro-, mises this autumn and coming winter to step to its old dignified place as a dress fabric. Velvets in prepa- , ration for the market are delightfully light and rich in sudden., but with little bulk or thickness, and these, it is whispered will be in great request for ccats as well as gowns. Velvets powdered with sma'l embroidered de- signs, or single jewels, cr tiny clusters ot sequina.will be largely used for millinery. Fashionable' /reuses- continuo to patronise wrings but theee. are, still quite small. The old long variety have net yet appeared, ai threatened dome titid'eince. Long earrings such as were'worn at the beginning of the Queen's reign were very disfiguring, pullieg down the lobe of the ear, and making the ornaments kok More like instrumeete of torture than desotatione. Even now when they arequiti small it is difficult to forget that the piercing of a hale through the ear is necessary before they mie be inserted. All geld juwellery when dirty should be washed ins lather of warm soapsuds Le which has been added a few drops of sal volatile. The articles should tied b 3 drird, with a soft cloth, rubbed with a chamois leather, sad placed in a bag of boxwood sawdust, whidh Can be'pro- eured from anis jsreller. Toe crnaments should be well shekels about in the dust, then brustoxi, and rubbed again with the lather, when they will look beautiiully bright and chart. Silver jewellery is hest washed in a little warm sosPY water, polished with a little hartshorn pow der, and finished off with a soft leather. Maltese silver orna- ments of filigree work should be placed In soapy water and brushed whilst there, with a soft brush, dried care- fully, and righted with a soft tittlier. No powder is requieed for them. Cleanliness is a potent factor in the development prerireation of a good complexion. If a woman wiahm to remein young and gool looking, and always, te, freth and avoid fatigue. ales will give the'aublect. of daily ba h'ng her greatest attention. Those who gannet stand quite a cold bath should take a tepid one, ill) tem- peraeure ranging say from 85 degs. to 95 dugs. Bet baths shonld never be taken In the morning. The propsr lime t tak... a hot bath is several hours after a meals the skin dbeinfoirs to ereoriprienrig thetobed. The effect el hit water ors h Pores, and render us liable to cold. Sometimes h•wever, a hot bath may be taken with advantage la ths day time. For instance when overtired from ridieg, walking, or travelling, a hot bath tha most deliciously refreshing thing in the world. ' But to do any good it must be a sponge bath and you must remain in only a few minutes. Strati's( d Potato Pudding made in the following way will form a pleasant change from the ordinary kinds of boiled pudaings generally served. Take six ounces each of mashed potatoes, shredded suet,fisur and trcaele mix well, and add half a teaspoonful of ground gingers anduarteed, mixaspoo n cg naful of baking powder. If more IS r.g with milk. Place in a greas2d meeld, and steam three hours. "MADGE.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIFS LETTER

MY Dian Mama. The present is a very quiet time in the world of fashion, for while the bustle of the sales is over and done with, the time of buying clothes for the autumn is not yet come. Perhaps the briskest trade is that done in untrimmed millinery, for most people can "do " with an extra hat or two, and many possessed themselves at the sales of sheep lengths of muslin, lace, and ribbon, which elm be usefully employed in the adornment of the marvellously inexpensive straw shapes that are piled up on the shop counters just now.

One of the prettiest materials for trimming hats Is spotted ecru muslin, and a scarf of this, edged with narrow lace of the same tone, can be quickly and effectively draped round the low crown of a cream straw shape, twisted into a couple of high' loops at the side, and a finishing touch put to the whole by two clusters of cherries or bunches of poppies—one placed amid the loops at the side of the crown, the other tucked under the brim at the back. _

White spotted muslin looks well either on a white shape or one that is of the dark sunburnt tint. It should be carelessly draped round the crown in the way just described, and either a couple of white wings with a spray of flowers added at the side. Green wheat looks very cool and pretty against the white muslin, either alone or raingled with orange and white poppies. For hard wear, the newly-introduced waterproof moird is a useful hat trimming, but it is nut particularly in- expensive.

_ Although many gowns of Parisian origin are wondrously and fearfully elaborate, yet there are many whose chief charm lies in the simplicity of eut, allied to a striking combination of colour or material. A gown which is perfectly straight- forward and presents no great difficulty, but in Which there are certain points which must be care- fully preserved, otherwise the chief style is lost, is of periwinkle-blue voile, mounted on glace silk, the skirt plain and finished inside with pinked-out frills of the silk. The trimming consists of black and steel sequin net, cot into a scalloped border, and laid on petunia silk, edged with narrow petunia ruches of frayed silk. These scalloped borders are used for trimming throughout the gown, one edge finished with the petunia ruche, which is most effective on the blue 'mile. The bodice is made on a tight-fitting lining, which must fit accurately, and the top is faced with white glace silk, covered with a dull ecru guipure. The sleeves are of the glac6 silk, covered with lacel and fit closely into the armhole without any fulness, thus giving the effect of being cut in one with the bodice. The lower part of the bodice is cut in pinafore style, the back quite tight to the figure, and form- ing a slight point in the centre of the waist. Round the waist there is a shaped band of the sequin net, bound with petunia silk, and festered down on to the bodice, which is worn over the sleeves. The front of the pinafore overpart fastens under the left side, just in front of the underarm seam, and the lace yoke top under the shoulder strap. The edge of the voile bodice is outlined With the scalloped arrangement, and this in a 'slightly narrower width crosses the sleeves.

A very elegant robe I saw the other day was of dark grey satin, opening at the side to show a petticoat of plisse silk in a lighter grey. The upper robe simulates a triple tablier, and the bodice is arranged in a very novel series of tabs. The gown is very handsome embroidered with a velvet applique+ foliage design. For fancy bonices sleeves are sometimes cut in two sections, the top being quite separate, and this style is admirable for renovations, or to bring a pas sleeve up to date. It is also useful when two or three materials or diverse colours are em- ployed in the gown. Pouffe are now quite scanty, and not of sufficient depth to bag much—in fact, the "pushed up" effect is more fashionable, and any pouff or bouillonee is held up by trimmings or tucks. The small pouff only goes across the upper sleeve, and is sewn on in vandyke form, and meets the sleeve which runs up to a point,and is fastened by a fancy button or rosette of Übe velvet. The cuff also defines a point, and this can be finished With frills or pleatings. Your loving. JENNIE.

TESTING AN OVEN. —Before putting a cake in the oven sprinkle a pinch of flour on the bottom. If in one minute this turns a bright golden brown the oven is of the right heat; if it turns black it is too hot; if it is a dirty yellow colour the oven is too cooL How To CLEAN GLASS.—A little turpentine dis- solved in warm water is the best thing to wash window glass, mirrors, or glass globes. A little alcohol will also do wonders in brightening glass. Turpentine is excellent for washing sinks which have become dull and dirty.

/ - • c 0). , c.. • " -At _

4el-' 7i frs, • I / 911. I 4 •

a."-N :. S iio 4, , ' • ta -N. ,:. / „.. , „, \ /:/:1- • A, , , ''A /=,.' , - /6 - ,- ~.,_ ~ , ,‘,"N?,,1,,.-, - A......,, ,

===== 0002601_18980826_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
EE,MALE ArL,IE,-NTs

, . Irregularities and Obstructions however ebetinite quickly and surely relieved and removed in a few :bars• after alrils.ki-fiille,--thliiii7Medy acts as ma Oa. Full palleularc, testimonials and proofs will te sent . on receipt of statepr!ri scymido,,k,,t , -

MaaunMABITL2O, Blsh4eirtee'VVlt.r,Out, Lc;iidon.

Established 30 Years.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
DELICATE CHILDREN In deciding as to the best remedy for delicate Children , the experience of the medical profession IS undoubtedly the safest guide. That which they have tried and approved, and which they are giving every day to children under their care, is certainly the best to give to your children.

AN ,Ql, Petroleum EMULSION is such a remedy. Unlike cod-liver oil it is plea- sant to take, and even in the hottest weather agrees with the most delicate stomach. Give it to the children Utley are pale and thin; if they cough, or if there is any evidence of weak lungs; if they are scrofulous or rickety; if their food does not digest; and particularly if their bowels are out of order. If you would like to try it before buying a large bottle, a sample will be sent free on receipt Of 3d. to cover postage. Of chemists, 25. 9d. and 45. 6d. Be careful to ask for Angler's Emulsion and accept no substitute. It is made with our specially puriAed oil, whicl) no other chemist can obtain. elmitations made with ordinary petroleum da not have the same effect, and might even prima harmful. The Angier Chemical Co., Ltd., Snow Hill, London, E.G. - •

===== 0002601_18980826_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
(CoPYrtgAt• )

A WARD OF THE KING.

BY KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author of "Maisie Derrick," "The Story of Lois," "Patty," "Louisa," "At the Red Glove," "Miss Eyon of Eyoncourt," &c.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVII. IX TUX WOOD.

Jeanne was glad when they at last reached the hostel of the Fleur de Lys. She saw that the sound of their arrival had drawn to the door an old, respectably-clad woman, evidently the hostess, and as evidently a widow. She was all courtesy and smiling welcome to the lady and he'T women, but when Raoul asked for lodging for himself and his men she told him decidedly that she could not give if them; she could barely find chambers for' the lady and her womenfolk. 'Moreover, men will; not please themselves in my quiet houie," she said. • "The village is barely half a mile away; the land- lord at. the Rouge Dragon will be more to your mind, my man ;but my house is quieter for a lady." And Raoul, remembering that his master had especially cautioned him to lodgethe Countess as privately as possible, was obliged, after some oaths and fierce grumbling", to.ride on to the Rouge Dragon, whence he sent word to the lady that he would be near at hand to receive her commands. The weather Was singularly cold for the time of year, and though Jeanne was a hardy Breton girl, she felt the keen east wind which drove in through the ill-fitting casement of her chamber. So far south she had expected a warmer climate, and she saw by the shivering ways of her old hostess that the temperature was unusual. The Countess had reached the Fleur de Lys two days ago; it stood some way from the road, had a stretch of waste land before it, and a wood on some rising ground behind. Jeanne had tried to talk to the old, frail-looking hostess, but she only answered in monosyllables, and quickly found some excuse for leaving the lady. Anne and Mathurine complained that the big, coarse-featured woman-servant, Mariette, might as well be.a dumb brute, for she could not understand what they said, and her patois was to them unin- • telligibre. An old man and a couple of lads made up the silent household; 80 silent was it that at the end of these two days Jeanne told I erself she could not bear It much longer; it seemed as though mistress and servants held some weighty secret in their keeping, which lack of silence would betray. She wished ardently that Laval would return; her ang;er at his sudden departure had soon fled, she thought it was so probable that a sudden summons had called him to Lyons. More than once since they left Moulins she had seen a man ride up to the Count, and after a few minutes talk, ride away again. Her woman Anne had been, and was still, dull and listless; she was, Jeanne thought, either fretting after Gaspard or sulky at her mistress's disapproval of her behaviour. Mathurine was by nature heavy and dull-witted; she had none of Anne's gaiety, and sharp-wittedness.. Life was duller' than Jeanne had ever known it, and on the afternoon of the third day she told her maids she .would walk to the I wood' on the rising ground behind the house, I and bade them accompany her. .She wrapped her- self in a long black riding-cloak; it made her feel happier to have some semblance of mourning about I her. 'ln these last uneventful days she had missed her loved mother more than -erer ; and without Gillorine she found it doubli: forlorn. Anne and Mathurine also felt chilly, and they had also wrapped themselves in their cloaks, so that as they moved about among the closelY;-planted chest- nut trees of' the wood the three figure', were • almost' invisible. Jeanne wondered', ihere the village was. The leader of the escort came up daily to the inn to inquire for the Countess, and to say that he had not heard from his leader. Jeanne observed that he never added the full title, and she • wondered at the mystery. In one corner of the wood she espied an sopen glade, freer from trees, and filled with scanty tufts of bracken, while briars and brambles lorded it over everything else. The tender peach-coloured blossoms still lingered, and there was an abundance of black fruit on the brambles, but it tasted dry and parched, the girl thought—very inferior to the blackberries of Brittany. Jeanne went on into the wood, leaving bar women absorbed in the consumption of blackberries; she turned to look after them, and found that she had strayed from the narrow path she had at first followed. But she was fearless; a call would, she felt sure, bring the girls to her side. Something in the mysterious green atmosphere in which she found herself—in the exquisite contrast she saw between the stalwart chestnut trunks and the fan- -I.ke green leaves spreading overhead, as if they would roof the blue sky out of sight till winter came again—filled Jeanne's heart with peace, and joy unspeakable. Before her was a fallen tree, and she sat on it, glad of the pause, and glad to be alone and free from distractions, for she could think while she sat drinking in the beauty of her surroundings. While she rode beside Laval she had not fay realised her position, but since her arrival at the Fleur de Lys she constantly asked herself what it meant. Now, absolutely free from I interruption, she went further still; she asked herself why she had consented to be dragged about the country with the Count, instead or. going straight to Amboise or Lyons, and claiming Royal protection. She saw that pure cowardice had kept her silent—a fear of vexing the Count of LavaL "But why have I feared to vex him? More than once I have doubted his honesty, and have? I fear, wronged him, for I do not believe that story of the at flip , CroceuunrdeLdoyeie ; k ancl2,eetiz-:" She eaollintanhe d while her-elbovr 'rested 1n the'palm of the other. Surely, she thought, it was bette; not tp doubt anyone in the long life that lay before her.' A little sad smile stole into her eyes as she remembered her com- plaint to Rolland; she had wished, ;to be a,boy„so 1 that she might'act for herself.' And now—now a sadden light came to her: she understood, why she had been, willing to trust to the guidance of' Laval. It was a natural longing for protection, for help; not mere cowardice, rather an inward shrinking from the danger and difficulty of her desolatelosition. That thought of Rolland had brought:CW.lz' so pain- I fully the memory of his strange desertion that she I looked up, eager • to find distraction in outward objectalooked up, and held her breath-With surprise. Near her, partly hidden by the spreading chest- nut leaves, were two men. One.'vrakvery tall, the other was shorter, younger, and more thick-set. The face of the tall figure was hidden by hillarge flapping hat, but she could make out the profile' of the other face. He was speaking, but in so low a voice that, though she saw the movement of his lips, no sound reached her. She was sure that they did not belong to her escort, and she felt frightened at being so completely alone • she dared not call her women, lest her cry should attract the attention of those strangers; yet they did not look like robbers. She flattened herself against the trunk of a tree, and tried to keep still. She had the courage to keep her face turned away: the black cloak and hood she wore would be much less noticeable if she kept face and hands both out of sight. Her chief dread was lest Anne and Mathurine should tire of eating blackberries, and follow her foot- steps. But fortunately the figures bored out of sight before any disturbing sound invaded the silence. Even then Jeanne would not call to her women. She tried to find her way to them, but it was not easy ; the trees seemed to be closer than they had been; and if Mathurine had not laughed heartily when her companion pricked her hand with bramble thorns, her mistress would have been much longer in extricating herself from the green maze around her. lite young Countess met her hostess at the entrance of the Fleur de Lys, and the pucker of anxiety in the woman's face made Jeanne stop, and ask if there was aught amiss. "The gracious lady's absence terrified me," the woman answered; "there are marauders about, and pardon me," she added humbly, "it is not safe for so young and beautiful a lady to go abroad un- attended except by women." She spoke in a shifty, nervous voice—exactly, her hearer thought, as though she were telling an untruth.

•.Jeanne was disposed to return a haughty answer; and then she passed on in silence, and went upstairs to her chamber at the back of the house. _ _ .

-She liked this chamber because it was away from the noise and smell of the stable-yard; it looked towards the wood. While she sat by the case- ment late on this evening she saw two figures issue from the trees; one of them was taller than his companion, and Jeanne felt sure these were the men whose appearance in the wood had alarmed her. She had not spoken of them to her women, and as she watched their stealthy movements, she wondered if she had wronged the hostess, and whether these were the marauders the widow-

woman amazed. ilut no; tnat coma not De; they moved cautiously, but they came towards the inn, and Jeanne drew herself back behind the curtain and watched. The two figures separated; the taller one passe out of sight, and the other came forward con. fidently to the inn. Evidently he knew his way, for he walked unhesitatingly to the back entrance. She heard the voice of the hostess, then a lon whistle, and soon after the taller figure came quickly across the bit of waste between the wood and the inn, and appeared to enter the house. Jeanne listened, but there was no sound, none of the bustle which she had learnt to associate with an arrival; it was possible, she told herself, that these men were staying in the house; yet it was strange that she should not have before this noted their presence.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVIII. SUSPICION.

Jeanne's sleep was troubled by restless dreams, and she awoke later than usual, feverish and unre- treshed. The broad morning light did not disperse the trouble caused by her dreams; it seemed to her that if Laval knew what had happened he would not consider the Fleur de Lys a fit abode for her, without the presence of her escort. She had, till yesterday, rejoiced in the absence of soldiers, but she had begun to suspect the hostess, who 'warned her against marauders, and who yet received, ' secretly and in the dark, men who skulked in the ' wood in the daytime. Mathurine brought her a cup of fresh milk and a manchet of bread; while she ate and drank, she determined to consult Raoul. She would ask the hostess to take a message to him. She had seen the hostess at the door of a room which seemed from its position to lead into the kitchen, with its broad hearth and huge, red- mouthed oven. Without summoning her women, who shared a chamber next her own, Jeanne went quickly downstairs and tapped at the door of this room. As she knocked, she heard voices within the chamber: one a deep, powerful voice. She drew back in sudden alarm. The hostess opened the door, and when she saw the lady she hastily drew back; next moment she ;lad filled up the doorway with her black skirts, but Jeanne had had time to see the tall figure of a man leaning against the opposite wall. The hostess eyed Jeanne curiously. "Your pardon, lady." She closed the door. "What can I do for madame ? " Jeanne felt disconcerted and displeased ; it seemed to her very strange to have the door shut in her face by this quiet, humble-looking woman. "I will, with madame's permission, follow her to her chamber. I grieve that madame has given herself the fatigue of seeking me." Jeanne felt obliged to go upstairs. When she was again in her chamber, she said gravely: "I wish to speak with the leader of my escort. You can send a messenger for him, can you not? I would speak with him without delay." She looked at the woman and saw her flush and tremble. _

"Pardon, lady," the hostess said; "I have no one to send. My man Jean has gone to find a fowl for Madame's dinner, and Mariette is away to fetch the wise woman for my sick cow." "But there is surely a boy who can do my errand for me ?

The woman crouched as though she would sink into the floor.

"I ask the lady's pardon, but for the moment I have no one to send. When my man returns, he shall go forth to do madame's bidding." Jeanne was no longer afraid • she was not accustomed to have her will disputed. She turned from the woman in haughty anger. "The moment he returns, be sure that you do not fail to send him. He is to tell Monsieur Raoul to come to me at once, and to bring one of his troopers." There was silence ; Jeanne turned, in surprise that the woman had not quitted the chamber. She stood with her back to the door; her lips were moving, as if rehearsing words she feared to speak aloud. She looked more timid, more perplexed than ever. "What is it? " Jeanne said compassionately. "You seem troubled. Speak out, my good woman." "With the pardon of madame, it is only that I have learnt her ladyship expects friends to meet her here, and I would presume to ask madame when the persons for whom she waits here may be expected to arrive, so that "—she trembled and stammered—"so,that I may have a chamber at the Count's disposal. It is, is it not, the Count of Laval who is expected by madame?" Jeanne looked at her in cold displeasure. She could not believe that either Anne or Mathurine would have flatly disobeyed her, for she had more than once cautioned them since they left Moulins that they were not to mention either her name or that of the Count of Laval. "It seems to me," she said, "that you are in- quisitive. You would have been wiser to check your curiosity, for I cannot, even if I would, gratify it. I do not deny your assertion, neither do I confirm it; but I cannot say when the person I expect may arrive; lie may be here this evening, he may tarry a week longer. If you have not lodging for him, we will go elsewhere; he certainly will not consent to lodge in the village with the soldiers." The woman burst into tears. "I crave pardon, madame," she said humbly— "a thousand pardons. In some way I have un- wittingly given offence. Indeed, indeed, the person, whoever he may be, that madame expects will be most welcome, and I will have a look-out kept, so that I may not be taken at unawares. I beseech madame to pardon my foolish tongue." Jeanne looked grave and she felt troubled; the woman's agitation seemed to her exaggerated and out of place. "I forgive you," she said with dignity, "but I must know why you thought the person I expect was likely to be the Count of Laval.' The woman stood trembling; she pressed her bands together as though she were wringing cheese- curds, then she said quickly: "That is easy, madame; it was but a chance guess, for, as madame says, lam inquisitive, and I had heard that the Count of Laval had ridden from Moulins to Le Puy." Jeanne started; she had felt sure the Count had gone to Lyons to see the King on her behalf. She said impulsively: "How did you hear this? Who told you? " "Ma foi, madame I in my walk of life it is difficult to remember who brings tidings. Many and many a wayfarer comes in for a manchet of bread or a cup of wine, and his talk lodges, while I scarce regard his face. His name never reaches me for his words, he might be a dream figure." This was the longest speech Jeanne had heara from her hostess, and she noted the purity of the woman's accent, and that her way of speaking was superior to the other hostesses with whom she had lodged. "Do you, then, consider it certain that Monsieur , de Laval is at Le Puy ? " "That he has been there? Yes, madame; but I cannot be certain that he is there still." "You can leave me," Jeanne said abruptly. "I need not detain you longer." The sight of the woman was hateful to her, for she felt unreasonably angry. Laval had treated her like a child or a fool; he had made her think he was bound for Lyons, and yet even mere chance people knew that he had gone to Le Puy. "Good Heavens!" the girl cried. "I would he were here! I would tax him with his deception." The woman's refusal to do her bidding had made her too angry to think; but now she wished she had asked who were the men she had seen first in the wood, and then downstairs. Something told her that her hostess's strange perplexity was connected with them; she resolved to keep in her chamber all day, and to watch from her window and see whether they returned to the wood. Why should there be this mystery about them, that they could not sit in the long eating- room, but must be hidden away in the hostess a private chamber? Her vexation with Laval, and now this puzzle, so exercised Jeanne that she sent her midday meal away almost unta,sted. The piece of embroidery with which she usually occupied herself when indoors, lay idle In her lap, and when Mathurine came in to ask counsel about some stitchery on which she was busy, her lady told her she could not be • disturbed. For a strange feeling had gradually shaped itself out of the uneasiness that possessed her; it seemed to her that some pressing ; work—she could not tell what it was—day ready to her hand, and that she must be heedful, or she would pass it by. What could it be? she asked her- self as she sat watching the wood. Time passed on ; the shadows lengthened, then became lost as clouds 4athered over the sunset; almost at once darkness had begun. There was an absence of the tender live tint spreading and gradually deepening on the trees and herbage—the tint that Jeanne had peen used to in Brittany; she noticed, too, that I though it was only September the foliage looked dry, and as if it were ready to wither. Yes, dark- ness had begun, but with its advent light shone from within on the air]: s Perplexity. It seemed

I

• to dazzle her. Almost without her will, she clasped both hands over her eyes. Could it be—was this mystery connected with the story she had been told at Moulins? Ahl—She cried out in the suddenness of surprise; had she indeed been so cunt, 50 unutterably self-absorbed, that the fact had ne4 sooner occurred to her? had she actually seen the Constable and his friend De Pomporant, and mie- taken them for robbers? " Heavens I I disbelieved the story I was told, becauses I have learnt to like Laval and his flatter', and the tale painted him as infamous. disbelieved because lam a woman, and only care to believe what suits me," she thought, in the humility brought by her discovery. She bed promised the hostess of the Cceur Loyal that she would warn the Duke against Laval, and yet she had not been willing to own that Bourbon might at any moment arrive at the inn where the fugitives were, she now felt sure, in hiding. And yet she could not truthfully warn them against the Count, for she did not yet believe he would be disloyal enough to betray the Duke to the King. She sat thinking thinking —. Ahl there was danger! Laval might shut his eyes, but there were his soldiers to be reckoned with; that man Gaspard Jeanne believed to be evil- minded and dangerous. Besides, she supposed that if Laval knew the Duke to be in hiding, it would be his simple duty to capture him and take him to Lyons. She trembled with agitation. "My father's oldest friend, his best friend; ana I am leaving him to perish, when a few word/ would warn him away from this place." She reddened with shame as she recalled her harsh judgment on the woman who had evidently tried to save the Constable from capture. Jeanne now remembered her hostess's refusal to lodge the soldiers on their arrival, in spite of her evident Poverty. "And I, who used to long to be Jeanne d'Are, or some other heroine." Well, she must not daily now. She rose to summon her women, for she meant to send one of them for the hostess. A. sound made her pause; and then, instead of seeking them, she passed out of her chamber to one Close by her own. Through its open door she had that morning noted that its window looked out on the road.

i 1

Alit her ears had not deceived her! Two cloaked figures were riding away from the house; it seemed to her that they were going to Le Puy. She leant against the lattice in despairing silence, but her eyes never left the fugitives. It was lighter here than in her chamber, for the wood blocked the way on that side, and made darkness come earlier; even here she could not distinguish after a certain distance, but she fancied that the blur into which the figures had resolved themselves suddenly quitted the road .on the left, , and struck across country. ; It was intense relief that they had left the house' before Laval arrived; but Jeanne could not parderg herself that she had not given the warning. Before she lay down to rest she sent for the hostess ; she would at least do what she could. "Madame," she said graciously, "I believe your other visitors have left you. Are g they likely return to the Fleur de Lys? " The woman looked alarmed. "No, madame, they will not return ;-theyr„—" "That is all," Jeanne interrupted. "I dornnot wish .to hear about them, or even to remember that' they have passed this way. If you keep silence about them, so will I." She was greatly surprised to see the woman come, close to her; kneeling, she took Jeanne's Italia and kissed it. "My thanks and blessinn. go with madam!: wherever she may journey. it feared madame bmi seen too much, and that we were perhaps undone. May Heaven be praised for this mercy!" Then sb• said softly: "And her ladyship's women—did thef see aught in the wood? " "They have seen nothing, and they will knot nothing," the girl answered. "Go, my goo° woman; sleep in peace." (To 6. continued.)

to

I

-

===== 0002601_18980826_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A PLUMBEWS-TREDICAMENT.

-- Tax Ipswich Daily Herald tells a plaintive story of the predicament in which a Felix tow.) plumber recall found himelf. The worthy man in question, Mr. E. Hatvry. vas seen by a reporter on the paper at house, Edensor, Constable-road, Felix' owe. Mr. Move/ was stated to have had a withered arm aa the result°. paralysis, and he related the following facts in edui Con : a I used to suffer a great deal from sciatica. was rubbed with whisky and ni!, n all sorts a r dies, without relief. In 1825 Ihd a nine weaker, Mates, when I comp!otely lost tie ore ot my left arm, which wasted away till the muscle and wrist wero of equal thiCknele. I consulted a debtor, and was treated until: I was tired of dectoring. Bring on my club, and enlf getting a third of my wages, you may guess I wanted tf! get back to work." "()nit. so. Then triad did you do when medical sklll failed 2" the reporter eegeired. " My wife read entree of the cures effected by DT Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People,and bought a box the Pills : soon Rita- commencing them I began to fe, life in my arm that I had not been able to move weeks,end in about a fortnight I was able to folio,' el work as a plumber. Altogetlatr Itr ok live or six tto of Dr. Williams' Pink Pilis,and now my arm is as stroll' as ever it was. The other day I shift-A a tank weigiliult 5 ewe, and I could not oo that it I was not strong.' _A Mrs. Harvey described how she had in vain apPlir; different remedies for the Sciatic as well as for tr. paralysed limb, and expressed her undiminished faith IP: Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. This is but one instance among many in which .Seltsl„„ people have been rest( red to health and strength by •I'L Williams' Pink Pills. These Pills are sold by chemiln' ' and by Dr. Williams' Medicine 0 mp-tne, 45, llotborl viaduct, London, at 25.9 d. a box, or six fee lb. 93.11 full are genwne only with fu name, Dr.Williame Pink Pi,. for Pale People; th:,y act directly on the blood, nervor and spine, and thus they cure paralysis, sciatiefi rheumatism, aeura'gia, rickets, St V•tu,' dance, nerVol, headache,indigestion, anemia, consumption,and genen". muscular weakness. .

I )):,

It is persisently rumoured that it is the Queen„' intention to confer tt e Garter upon the your* Queen of Holland upon the ()erasion of her er thronisation on September 6th. There is,of course+ nothing to prevent her Majesty taking this stet/ since she is the Sovereign of the Order, and celi create as many Royal "Extra' Knights as ob. pleases, But it would be a tremendous departure' from modirn precedent. In early days the Gal was conferred upon women equally with men, 110., antiquaries tell us that it watt their wont to;Wev the characteristic adornment of the Order in tbe natural way. But how dim and distant all that je may be gathered trom the fact that the list loag Knight of the Garter waa the Uenntess of Hicbmoo and Derby, mother of Henry VII, the founder of O. Lady Margaret professorships at Oxford and Cagy ' bridge, who died in 1509. The Salvation Army's industrial land colony Hadleigh, Essex, has been vi.iited by about I.': mtmbers of the "Light Brigade "'whose share the operations consists in ketping money-boxe. and placing trifles there;n trym time to time tor the replenithing of the war chest Last year the aril, gathered over £lO,OOO fiorn this source, the yiel of which grows steadily. So does that of the coloOf which ought to be studied by Major Racch, The gallant member for l'outh-eatt EaSex is &POI' complaining that his constituency is the most heri less in the kingdom from the agr cultural point view. The colony's land, over 3,000 acres,had bee' abandoned by the farmers. It is of poor gulag; and one would suppose that an at'empt to werlOsi by a detachment ot the vanquished in the battle life would result in enoimous loss, never to be turned into profit. It is true that there was it siderable balance on the wrong side at the eau the first twelve months' six years ego; but the favourable figures have dwindled steadily isinco.elt last September they were little more than .£7OO , , an expenditure of £35,000, Had the Army BP:; ployed skilled men instead of outcasts the earoie& of the colony would now HO doubt be greater tb*ii, the cost. There are 250" colonists," as the under process of reclamation are called, and visitor can but marvel as the officials and the, assistants quote case after case of happy revolutit worked in lives that seera,-.d at first hopeless. is all done by kindness, pa' ience, and gradually ilj.rs proving prospects for well-there, who, marvelle"4 and delightful to relate, are the vast majoritr' , the colonists.

di. TEETH o daily on the todtb a few drops di IZODONT, 4 Pleniantest dentifrice in the world. Cleanses the teeth and spnoair between them as nothin.z 060 will, Sound and pearly teeth, zeey lips, and fragrO breath ensured. SOZODONT. 9'l4'

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS. BEAUTIFU! Be. ö. D 0... for all who ma e ARTER SW, Price. bruan a lITTLE Forty in a SO 4met IVER ,FIL Pm -' yVege- the - --- table. Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headachas promptly: mut, }Mal en itS toot 144.:

•

===== 0002601_18980826_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
G NE RAL NEWS.

s,The Pope held a reception in the private library of the 'Wean oa Sunday. The average man consumes about 66 ounces of water or other beverage per day. Tallow stains in timber are an indication of dry rot, and %re regarded as a serious injury to the wood. a,Tha purchasing power of money in the days f the Roman •lllPerors was about ten times what it is at pr cut. The medical men in attendance on the Prince of Wales "Port that his condition leaves little to be desired." _There were 162 d sitlas from the plague in Someay last ;reek. The plague is officially declared to have brc ken out di Southern India. Sir wiped Lawson, M.P., Brayton Hall, has been confined 40 his rem under riled cal treatment fm the past ten days, the result of a cold. °flMonday the Southern Cross began her adventurous 'oYage from the Thames to the Antarctic continent,. Large 'Misch assembled to cheer the explorers and wish them enc- ases,

The greatest Persian was Zoroaster, who founded the aational religion of th t pe mln. a religion which, in form IG,ulewhat changed, still persists in the country where it INinated. Tbe Turkish language is said to be the softest and most ZkiSsical language of modern times, being better adapted to 4,5 Purposes of musical notation and recitative thin even mc Italian. The sense of hearing is believed to be capable of much Luther culture than it generally re elves Almost anyone by :!sdying piano a oatog cane predate cliff renciet In shades of which, to the ordinary hearer, are unperceived, The Siberian newspapers report that out of 500 prisoners a Convict snip which was recently on a river voyage from urnen to Tomsk 31 were suffocated through overcrowding Lttld want of air, while most of the others were taken seriously

' ießensiderable anxiety has been occesioned at Maidstone by ' Lin action of the local waterworks c amp any in cutting eff the eree ter supply for several hours daily which, in the face of ette disastrous epidemic which commerical about this time girt year, is stated to be a most dangerous proceeding. eet Dantsic paper, rays a telegram from the Berlin oorree- ovildent of the " Observer," published on Saturday the main Provisions of the Imre Prince Bismerck's will. It states that . the total estimated value of the real and personal estate ' eloeunts to 20.000 001 marks or, roughly, £%030,0 0. • etee 't The annual report of the British Central Africa Protector- ate for the year 1897 8 was issued on Saturday. The .. .hoPorts increased from £79,954 to £83,827, and the exports 4°21 £23,299 to £27.436 Toe medleal report shows that • there was a death-rate of fully 10 per cent among the , 41.foPeans in the Protectorate. A tog prevailed on many marts of the coast on Saturday, . Ned quite a series of casualities incurred to shipping in eon- , Influence. The steamer Toledo, of Sunderland, struck Crim , week. Scilly Islands and sank in ten minutes, but fortun- ately the crew were able in that time to get out a boat and In•re themselves. i ~. The Porte has protest° i against the recent action of the ' settish authorities in Cr to in ref 'icing to allow the disem- barkation of five Turkish colliers, The Admirals at Canea have held a sin inch. at which they decided to allow no move- /Sent of Turkish troops in the interior of the island, nor the landing of fresh troops. . ! In a ease heard at Sexton on Saturday a question was raised whether a particular part of a highway near the ttation when used for betting purposes constituted a 'place " Within the meaning of the Act. The magistrates held that It did, and fined the person prosecuted, who was described as %45(gelnaker, £23 and costs. 13,,,a, Party of men wbo were bathing north of Blackpool on by the force of the waves, arnede. two t -etliee were overcome Aalto-,,lt,owned. A third man got out withoat,restsist 4 eras only saved b a sw elm .r gone, 0 his res. 3 , 9 ne It Kilning accident is also reported from the neighborhood ile.....enihts. All the -unfortunete men were residents at the ' Itle. 1 of7ll the uncertainty of life the Queen feels that she dare :1- "relent to a Prince so close to the Throne leaving her for 00enie period of time, and making a voyage to a distant part see,""ee world.' This is set forth in der. Chamberlain's dee_ t- -"e.„,fs to hee e and Duchess Of York have had to decline the invite- Lord Ratntnrley as one, among other reasons, why n to visit New Zealand Wllliana , Viney, who is accused of having murdered three. 81 eheilecniPran and feloniously wounded another, was on i 4--"al7 committee for trial A note was produ3ed reveal- Cause of the crime. and the prisoner's son gave e'"denee that it was written at the man's dictation. The ewe also to'd at shocking story of how he awoke and found a father in the act of murdering the other children. ee4l' lee broke oet on Satirday afternoon in x block of ware- ! k rises at the corner of York-street and Paulkner-street, • e auchester. The danger of a large conflagration was great, ' tilt the prompt attendance of the Fire Brigade and the tenant effo ts of the men—efforts Wen led with a good deal ," risk—kept the fire within moderate bounds. The %Maga done was to the stook rather than to the building. , Sense experiments recently male at the instance of the rsdoreiralty showed that 50 pounds olt gun-cotton exploded im feet from a vessel did not injore it. At 30 feet the side g:,,tns were driven in and the frames w -re distorted. A 1 conclusion has been reached that the value of tot- • It;; fr miles when brought in contact with an enemy's eliseeeenends upon their being planed within a very limited 4 "ce of the hull of the vessel. lir ~.Suiall yaeht named the Venture, belonging to the Rev th' ttorden. rector ef St. Stephen's, efulme. and containing geatlernan. Mr. lii Creilin, of Costietown, and a boat- leen named Looney. was towing a small rowing boat on Mon- 'ear afternoon from Castietown to Derby Maven when it cap- • inked and its three occupants were drowned. It is supposed ! hat the tow-rope first broke and that on an attempt being ' nude, to stay the yacht in order to regain the row-boat it ' °elegized. The Licensing Sessions for the Manchester division of the "tint]. Were opened on 'rues lay Newly R7l the applications ralute, including that of the Trafford Park estate directors !sr a lull license for Trafford Hall, were refused. The magic- antteli, in giving their decision in the Trafford Park applica- , rn, expressed strong disapprove] of a Manatee sent by the ,! -'eeetors to certain ef the magistrates, which had for Its ee : ZPlek. it was said, "to make the licensing bench into a '"Illan tributtel." „, e eiee cutting off of the water supply of the Best Tend of Lan- • for 18 hours out of the 21,0 n account of the "shortage" as , le , u.i stermed.ls cauenue great. inconvenience. On Tuesday the il4tekney Vestry asked that water should be distributed in eo poorer distrfcts by means of water-ctrts. The chief rlifineer to the Water Clomp ny agreed to the proposal, and ottated that special consideration would be given to the cases ti hospitals, echeo's. and similar institutions, In the mean- °ls Water is being hewkei in the streets. k.ntr. 3'. L, Toole, the well-known actor, whose sight hes ^en falling owing toe catraet. ,rr Inge& after consultation rtth Dr. David Ferrier, Mr. William Trevor, and Mr. George itchett to undergo a preliminary or preparatory operation • the left, or worst, eve at Margate on Saturday morning. Via operation was accordingly Perform i under cocaine at le;,ene o'clock. Ani it was both paieless and entirely satisfac- t 17. Mr. Tonle is now comfortable and e‘ceptionally cheer- -4 • and is likely to be indoors for a few days only. le!°_,(.l°ll„,eealment is made of the feet .that the reserve of aci, ee rertsmonth is not equal to the standard. It is only wee "teinouth, however, that any immediate inconvenience 0.4 arise from the Welsh disente The Admiralty is taking eents to expedite the system of coal loading. In some ro- ta" the Majestie took on board 191 tons in an hour ; lee ieill taking on board her whole supply the overage was titheeells an hoer. The result of the tepts on this and sow e ,me vessels is regarded with satisfaction at the Admiralty. eleas"e :Or, ewe licensing magistrates on Tneeday had a discus theleetlh a Mancheeter firm of brewers as to the terms of trs.ltreement with the tenant of a beerhense for which a Dete.n.,,er of licence was sought. Ultimately. however, it was suscitq mit that the house in question Wee an 1969 beerhouse, that e lionch were therefore co spelled. while of opinion fee en'e aereement was exceeein di unfair, to let the I trans- teke;',. ilss Chairmen said that If the same action had been t jje .19 the firm with regard to a frilly lieensed house the , len wonld have dealt differently with it. t , Oran William Jag°, lately chief officer of the White Star 11e,75r Britannic was brought up again at Bow-street, London • .ts Tuesday. The application for the prisoner's extradition 1 le the United States was withdrawn. but he was immediately , Q'ller reeted et the instance of the Postmaster General and 1 , „Tl_fged with stealing letters. Formal evidence was given. , the prisoner was if:man:led. A New York telegram !fates that four assistant stew -rds of the Britannic, against nom charges have been brought, left for iffneland on Toes- under arrest. The man Fronostnn, whole also implic- item, will leave New York on Saturday. jf we are to credit the oteeevations made by Dr. Georee Initentath, of 1-lemburg, our earth is accompanied in her ;anderings, not by one satellite only, as we have hitherto , etten content to believe, but by two. Although it seems ee terly incredible that we should have to wait to the end of , ..7.epineteenth century for the recognition of the existence %Lula second moon. yet we must remember that numerous e servationamostly it is true, utterly mar lent ific and vague. illiave from thne 'et time been made recording the passage of ect unknown dark lende Faeroe the sun's disc. So writes a "tins contributor to the" Daily Chronicle." t,rtet the forthcomtng ineetine of the Amerlean Association , fl the A•dvancement of Science—the transatlantic equivalent Tuoeur British Association—which in to open at Beaton on eh 14dalt. a notable contribution is to be made by Mr. Mar- aj le s. Slor • 4vllle, who will relate the results of his recent er- Tip_ atiens among the ancient cities of Mexico: These remelts ee° eald to he the most remarkable ever made in America.anel ee r.e not only likely to revolutionise some of the pet theories ee'rch4lelofriets alai and anthropologists, but they are of „eat interest for the light that they throw on the question t the tenet oriein Of the most ancient inhabitants of the western 4 n,llnt." metpesinien in large practice tells hew one day a distracted eeff,, brought her daughter to see him. The latter was ‘"rnle from what is known among many people as AftTilePal from The doctor prescribed a glass of claret htir daft her meals. The met her was tennewhat deaf: bore off tsia ntighter, determined to carry out the prescription. In et,_eels they returned, and the girl irked triton different nre The (-teeter congratulated himself upon his keen Zuleht and said, " lam glad to see that *lemur daegliter is so 'leech better." at Yes," et-claimed the mother. " she hoe had fl,trit what you ordered. She has eaten carrots three times a Le and sometimes oftener—and Ones or twice even nn- The mother had understood" claret" asr carrot.' Pew Is et, this people except Mr. Israel Gollancz know that Hamlet to ,e is day a Depular hero In Iceland. There are, it appear!, . eee, ss than six independent versions of the "Ambales Saga. is re if several thousand lines. Mr. Goliancz, whose name eitrailiar to all Shekesperian scholers, has transleted the t texjunntio Hamlet Saga." and printed with it the Icelandic hitherto praetieally ineeceseible. He has illustrated it •• se4xtracts from five other Hamlet sagas—for the most part • tree!. Printed before—and in his intenduototy essay he has . leeten out the whole history and development of the Hamlet eee",rV. Much of this Teelmelie titeretnre is quite modern. , . eholigh it appears that Matthias encliumsson translated tsl„Deare's Oalt into Icelandic verse, the story never at- ;Tee to any popularity in that form. - NT' the Blackpool licensing measions on Tuesday an anielloo- , te wise made in the name or the town Clerk for a full license '. like" eir, hotel to be built on land owned by the Corporetion in et Shore. The hotel would cost, it was statel,E34,6oo to piplete. It was proposed to sell the land (with the pro- tht?Zal license if obtained) by auction, but only on condition , ea 4 a covenant was entered into binding the purchaser to he' t tun the Corporation's intentions. The application had ' f tieMeoval of a majority of the Town Connell. A member engee-rewn Council, in the course of his evidence, said he ' blieleeele value of the 111:1-3a w ~i IA be about £20,000. The refused. An epplica tion in the name of the ' 0.44`: ,rea,ueer Art 4 on behill of the Corporation for 1 14 Cow Gap Lane was also refused,

I

THE NEW ANTARCTIC EXPEDITION.

-- Seldom has a ship left our shares on a more adven- turous voyage writes a c ,rrespondent in the' Manches- ter Guardian" than that for which the Southern Cross weighed its anchor in the port of London on Monday. Mr. Borchgrovink and a little knot of chosen companions one and all the true knight-errants ot Modena service, are setting out on their daring quest to wrest its scret from the great frozen continent that has for ceetoriee guarded the South Pole. Anont a week ago I was id y scanning the shipping from the heights of the Tower Brdee, when my gaze was arrested by a craft In the docks which even .a casual glance could distinguish from the rest cf the shipping. She was barque-rieged, but on , the main- mast—and this was the striking feature about her— hung something which at that distance looked like a huge wart. It was my first sight of the Southern Cress. The wart was the crow's nest. Closer inspection, from So IC ttbarine's Dock proved her to be a stoutly built steam whaier,paie te,d a bosiness-lik, black, relieved only by the roughly carved figere-head of a gilded seal. Her decks were littered with piles of stores and mountains of every kind of luggage. Snow shoes,Esquimaux kaiaks, sledges, and similar unusual furniture blocked every inch of her after-deck in picturesque confusion. From every coign of vantage on the ship came the doleful , notes, of doge. Dogs were everywhere. They were pro- testing from under their long wooden barracks amid- ships; they were sleeping on every coil -of rope ; they were even wrangling in perfunctory fashion at the toot of the sacred bridge. It seemed almost as if, for some fantastic whim, the owner of the cralt was trying to turn a whaler into the semblance of a yacht with the Purpose of using her for something between a curiosity ship and a floating kennel. But there was method in all this madness. By the courtesy of Sir George Newnes, who is fitting out the ship at is own expease,and whose name must alwaye be connected in henourable mention with Borchgreviek's expedition, I was 1131bied to spend several hours oa board. I arrived ia tone to take part in a singularly impressive ceremony—the farewell ser- vice of the expedition. The white surelices of the offici- ating clergymen, as they stood at a desk improvised out of a pile of boles decently covered by the bright fol is of resolute, sternly set faces of the rounded by their friends ; pti:deit ltehaed eUr as i oo t.Tha: etc; and the stalwart and grimy figures of the crew, m de a picture, framed in the sombre setting of a busy, dirty dock, that will hauat the mind for many a day. There was a touch a human pathos in the scene. The grey- haired priest, who intoned the solemn words of the ser- vice with scarce a tremor in the voice, wes taking fare- well of his sen, who had j ined as one of the scientific) members of the expedition. linmedist-ly after the simple and impressive service everything wets bustle and cc ivity on board. A train of loaded lorries brought unending contributions to the piles of stores that ' cutn- bored the eus3r- Two years' fee the crew, twenty all told, and stores calculated to last for tree years for the expeeition prep > r' numbe-isle ten in all, were being shipped. Oae Wandered how all that pile 0' equipment could ever be etorel away, despite the feverish activity in the held. The lavish suppliee of luxuries for the expedition impressed one almost more than the enormous quantity of the chief ne cis of life, the tons of flour,of salt pork and compressed vegetabies. and the hundreds of cases of lime juice. What, one wondered, would the explorers do with eight dozen betties of somebody's sauce on the grim snowfields of the Antarctic ? Its presence seem( d uttsrly incongruous, but it only showed the infinite care with which every detail of the equipment had been pl inne I. Turning from this scene, there was plenty to keep the visitor busy on the ship herself. There was the well in the stern through which the screw, if damaged by floating ice, could be hauled on board and repaired without a mmn getting his feet damp. There were the 9 lid bows, with their nine feet of solid oak,and the stoutly built WA is of the waist,strengthened against the ice by a sheaf of Ameri- can greenheart. There was the collapsible beat, which could be made ready for use in a few seconds, and the curious little steam launch, the rudder and screw of which were attached to the same swivel, so as to mak her answer her helm the quicker. Most interesting of all, perhaps, were the kajaks, frail-lookinz, cockles shells,indeed, for a man to entrust his safety to them on a stormy sea. They were built on the lines of a canoe, decked in,with a hole in the middle. Ito this the ad- venturer fits himself like a cork into a bottle, and straps the rest of the canvas deck round his middle. Hereto, whatever happens, he cannot be spilled or swamped. Most people would probably prefer to try the merit of this craft on a duck-pond rather than on the Antarctic Ocean. And last of all the dogs. They in- sisted on their due share of one's atten ion. There were 60 of them on beard, and every one desired and deserved individual notice. Twenty more who have been enjoying a summer holiday and a shave in Kent, are yet to come. They are all of the Samoyed bread, trained for harness he the sledgee,and will therefore play an important part in the ultimate success of the expedi- tion. They are net prepoaeing in appearance, but they possess strength and endurance, and have clever, kindly eyes. They are at present fat and well-liking, but are suffering severely from the heat. Bef ire long they will have no reason for complaint on this score, and it is to be devoutly hoped that their provender, the thirty tons of biscuits, especially prepared with a liberal allowance of oil, will not run short. By the time they reach home again they will be travelled dogs, for they were brought at considerable expense from Finland. whence two trainers, quaint-looking figures in their bright-coloured blouses of blanket cloth, have borne them company. May good luck go with them, for we parted the best of friends, though those who knew them say that they have an unpleasant habit of fighting to the death among themselves.

A member of the scientific expedition v-as good enough to give me a brief outline of the main porpose and plan of the voyage. From London the S sithern Cross will sail at all possible sped for Hobart. From Tasmania she will steer for Cape Adsir, on South Vic- toria Land. Here the expedition will b 3 landed and the main camp established. From this point the exoedition will strike inland to explore the country, while the Southern Cron; returns to Hobart. In the spring the ship will return, and immediately alter the expeditlen will st3rt on its journey across the interior. Mr. Borch- grevink is the only man of the party whe bai hitherto seen anything of the Antarctic revion. Some three years ago he landed at Cape Adair. His stay only tote I for a few hours, but it was long enough to fire him with the ambition to explore this vast and urstrodd .n country. Hm is by birth and parentage a Scandinavian, and by 'choice an Englishman, a well-built man of middle height and in the prime of life, and one of these daring spirits who refuse to learn the meaning of the word " sible." Mr. Eorehgrevink hopes, when once he has sur- mounted the towering ridge of glaciers which stretches 'along the coast, te strike a hoge tableland which may be practicable for sleighs for the little journey of some 1,300 miles from Cape &dalr to the South Pole.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S LIBERAL LIBERAL ASSOCIATION PICNIC.

Thursday last week was the daylfived for the third annual picnic of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association. The place selected this year was Bolling- ton, via Rostherne, one of the pettiest spots in Cheshire. Shortly before one o'elock the party, numbering over one hundred, assembled at the Liberal club, and were soon comhrtably seated in the omnibuses, of which there were four, provided by Mr. Magian for their accommodation. The first two were drawn each by four horses, and the last two by three horses each—quite an imposing spec- tacle. Among the number present were Ire. Armi- tage, president; Mrs. H. Roberts, treasurer ; Ntrs. Grimshaw, secretary; Mrs. Roger, Miss Dutton, Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Cook, Mrs. Rathbone, Mrs. Hill and Mrs. Walker, committee ; Mr and Mrs, C. E. Parker, (Penketh), Alderman Roberts, Coun. cillor Tionion, Mr. and Mrs. W. Roberts,Mrs Brown Miss Brown, Mrs. G. Wallington, Mrs. Ewart, Mr.- Critchley, Mr Mounfield, and Mr. Grimshaw. The route taken was along Bewsey-street, Horsemarket- street, Bridge-street, Knutsford-road, through Moo Green, and on to the quaint little village of Roe- theme, where the party availed themselves of the opportunity of seeing the church, the mere, and the surrounding view—a very pretty one indeed. At the top of the hill seats were resumed again, and in a short time Bollington was reached, and more particularly the Swan Inn, a welcome sight to those who by this time were beginning to feel that five hours were quite long enough for a fpst. A substantial tea was prepared by Mr. Stephens, and much appreciated. Afterwards a saunter through Dunham Park, and at seven o'clock seats were re- sumed again for the return journey to Warrington, which was reached in good time. The weather, an important consideration on these occasions,wns tine but dull, which made it cooler and pleasanter than that of the preceding days for outdoor recreation and enjoyment.

To Nontans.—Mrs.'Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup has bee for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their MAU- dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. it is pleasant to taste : it pro- duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all chemists Is, lid. per bottle.-44"t.

oynoted erice3. linorm@rs STOCK RS. VIOLINS, ,tc. AND SONS, o-STREET, LIVERPOOL. 14 'lstepuone 6154

- : „ r 4 .ENIIINE ITALIAN MANDOLINES. Makers at greatly reduced Prico- leo BANJOS, GITITARg ARCHER 46-49, LORD-c' Hatabllshed

===== 0002601_18980826_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS ASSAULT CASES AT SANKEY

BRIDUES.

A FURNACEMAN AND VIE WATC9 M. Q.t. On Friday at the Warrington Borough Police Court before Alderman Roberts (in the chair), Coun- cillor Smethurst,and Mr. Hepberd,Wilham Kenney, 261, LiweTiool-road, was charged with assaulting and beating Fred Banner, of 14‘ verpoel-road. on the 11th August. A cross-i.ummons was taken out. Mr. Browne appeared for Banner, and Mr. F. R, Roberts for Kenney. Mr. Browne said the assault Was a serious one and took place in Liverpool-road, Sankey Bridges. Banner worked at Messrs. Monks, Hall, an Co., Limited, and Kenney had lately been appointed watchman at a gate ' en a siding at the same works, and had inatructinns to star men going through the crossing, whilh they had been in the habit of doing for years. His client was not aware that he had no right to cross the line. His "boss" sent him for lunch beer on Wednesday to the Coach and Horses Hotel,and on going through the gate Kenney got hold of him by the sweat-cloth and held him, and paid "you have no right to go through here." A boy at the time went to go through the crossing,but hie was stepped by Kenney. During Kenney's absence Banner passed through and as he returned Kenney 551,1 that he WAR going ti report him, but his client made no answer. As Bsnser was passing Kenney,a shot- to go Mate the following night,Kenney said to him I harl it out with 9012 at the office for what you did yesterday." to which Banner replied "I suppose you dd." Without any warning, Kenney got him by the Potter of the coat, awl knocked him down. As he was getting up avain he struck him oti the face with a black thorn stick, and knocked him down agtin. He attempted to go up again Ibut Banner reorived another bow on the fnie'lead with the stick. Kenney's brother tem came out of the shop and tlok him away. His client was ra'ren by Mr. F. Monks to Dr. Naden's surgery, where he had four stitches pt in his forehoad. A constable 10-ik him home and he had been unable to sleep. He had a number of wo fi tgnopi tins; s tthersoauye ht ,htabt h a es gave .)a t.. Hn pwran:orcraotsinporu'.: nc7e. pbtvt ht et consent of the firm, and he hoped the bench would make an examp'e of the defendant.

FrPdariek Banner, a ball furn a.;eman, and working under Mr. Dunwood, said the latter sent him for some beer to the Coach and Horses Rota! on *ll-1 morning in clues-ion. He had passed through thn gate many tmrs and he did not know he could not go then. There Knnnny got hold of him as he was returning, and said ha would report him. When passing Konney's shop as he returned home the following night, defendant said, "I have don,4 you one."lie then rushed at witneqs,knocking him down on the doers'l3p of the shop,and when he was getting up he was struck with a knotted stiak twice on the hold. D.fandant knelt on him on the floor. Witnels went to Mr. Burton, the manager of the works, and then Mr. Fred-rick Monks,junioroni P C.Wooilarho accompanied him to Dr. Haden's, where he had four stiches put in his forehnad. Witness had suffered great pain since and was unable to sleep. The doctor told him ha would not he fit to work until next week.—Crossexamined by Mr. Robnrts : He did not raise his ran and attempt to Errilo Kenney, and he never threatened to thrash him. He was not waiting from between five and six o'clock for Kenney on rho/ following night. He I.lt off work at five o'clock and had a drink with some comeanions. He did not follow Kenney home nor did ha rrike him on the mouth or nose.

David Brown, puddler, living in Liverpool-road, said he saw Banner go through the shunting gate on Wednes- day morning. Witness had been through many times and had not been stopped. He did not see Banner strike the watchman, but he had a bottle and can in his hand.

Harry Riczby, box piler, 275. Liverpool-road, said he was near Ksnney's shop on Thursday evening when ha saw Banner put his cans down. Rannar was th.n knocked down by Kenney, who struck him two blows on thP face with a stick.

Maria Greenough, of 277, Liverpool-road, said she saw Kenney and Banner coming along Livernool-road together on Thursday evening. They were having words and she saw them struggling. Kenny hit the other man on the forehead with a stick, and he had his knee en his stemach.—Cretmexamined : She didn't see Banner etrike the defendant. Banner hadn't a chance. They struggled together. Mr. Roberts, for the defence, said he thought be cluld tell a very different tale from that which his friend Mr. Browne bad told. Kenney was appointed a wAcik taltTu-s- -day to protect a shunting siding and prevent employee from crossing at that piece. Under the new compensa- tion for accidents aet,employers liability was much more serious than before and Messrs. Monks had come to the cenclesion that the men must be 'forbidden to go across the shunting siding as it was dangerous and wou'd in- crease their liability. Mr. Kenney was ap- pointed and had full authority to warn the men and stop them if necessary. On Wednesday a number of men were warned off and they went away witheet a word. Kenney seized Banner and told him to go beck. There was a bit of a tustle and Banner escaped and went through the forbidden gate. On the following day Banner Saw Kenney and aaid " I will do for you and have it out of you for try- ing to stop me from going through the gate." He (Mr. Roberts) would be able to prove that Benner waited about the works until six o'clock for the porpoge of having it out with Kenney. Banner had already admit- ted that he was drinking with his comnanions until six o'clock which was the time Kenney left work.On Kenney going home Banner followed him shouting at him and threltming what be would do, and a.kinz him to come and have it out. The defendant took not th slightest notice of him, but when he got to his doorstep Banner got hold of him and struck him a voilent blow on the nose making it bleed. Banner struck a second blow cutine Kenney's lip. This enraged Kenney and he raised the black thorn stiek he had in his hand and etruek Banner with it. If Kenney did not measiire out his puniQhment with the exactitude which the law re- quired one could hardly blame him under the circum• stances. He was subjected to extreme pmoncatien,and Mr. Kenney so far forgot himself as to strike the blow. He submitted that the provocation was so excessive that the defendant was justified in retaliating. Amy Kenney, wife of Patrick Kenney, brother of the defendant, said she was looking through the shell, win- dow when she saw Banner get hold of the defendant by the neck and hit him on the noseand make kis nose tepee. She went for her husband who afterwards separated them.

Thomas Wright, of Evelyn-street, a lad, said he saw Banner following Kenney on the night in queqtion. Ban- ner was the person to strike the first blow. Ile struck Kenney on the nose causing it to bleed. Kenney then struck Banner with a stick.

This concluded the case on the present charge. The magistrates after a short deliberation decided to bear the cross summons issued by Kenney charging Banner with assault. -

William Kenny, of Livernool-road. then stated the facts of the case corroborating Mr. Roberts' statement. Banner struok him on the nose and mouth, and witness I then retaliated.. Peter Holcraft, Fiddler's Ferry, said he saw Kenney stop Banner as he was going through the gate of the crossing. Banner persi.ted in going. George Kenrey, brother of William Kenney, also gave I evidence. The Chairman said he could not he'p saving that the magistrates regretted that Messr.. Monk., Hall and Company did not issue a notice making it clear to the employees for what purpose Kenney had been appointed- It was not quite fair to the watchman or the men thrm. selves. They had decided to fine Banner 10s. and costs (£175.) and Kenney 20s. end costs (£1 175.)

A WORD WITH YOU Pi-JEAE!

—-—-- - - Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains In the Bark Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases e)f Kidneys Bladder, Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout will find a Positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price, is ltd., of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from nY'e• Medical MAIL Checkheaton. Yorks. Sold at 35. Dge-atrDeet, Warrington. Don't be put off. If you can- not get them write to the Proprietor and a boa will be sent [next post.—Advt

===== 0002601_18980826_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY PARISH COUNCIL.

A special meeting of this Council was held in the Board Schools, Great Sankey, on Tuesday evening. Mr. James Wright presided, and there were also present : Mr. G. Thompson, Mr. T. Halton, with Mr. J. Smith (clerk). vooTrAvrts.

_ The Clerk said with regard to footpaths he wrote a letter to the clerk of the Warrington District Highway Board respecting the footpath leading from Great San- key schools to Houghton's work*, asking that it might be put in a state es repair, and also pointing out tie I need of a footpath on the opposite side of the road in front of the houses rt nsutly erected.—Mr. E. A. White, clerk to the Highway Board wrote in reply that he brought the matter before the Board and he was instruc- ted to inform tee Parish Council that both footpaths were on main roads, and that the Board had already en leavoured to get the cost of what was desired for toeir improvem-nt of the County Council, but without success. Any application with reference to footpaths on main roads ought to be made t 3 the County Council. Mr. Halton said the letter just read verified the re. marks he made at the last ingeting. All main roads were repairable by the County Council, but they dele- gated the work to the Highway Board. Mr. Thompson : I understand there era allowances made to the Highway Board far the work? Mr. Hilton : That is so. It would b 3 advisable for us to write to Mr. Hulton, the clerk to the County Gouged.

- Mr. ihninpson : You raid if it was referred to the Highway 133ard you wo ild brine the matt ir forward? Mr. Halton : I wroationed the fact at the last me Et. lug that it (tight to go to the County Council first of all.

nalenPtwae:tilyh'seßoard shou'd bs first ap- Mr. Thompion : My notice of motion was that the Mr. Halton : I did not understand itwaaas ettitt an ap. were agents of the County Council should apply to the Counmctool'itliCnoton7naccneiolu; n but it , ppwireiTonsaasedtehieaCi dill de sser nkeden Clerk: adaMt nt7the.haeTtmhatahodi a y Council. Mr. Thosnpeon : Are there any members on the Main Roads Committee of the Count? Council in the district it t Mr. Halton : Yes, I think so. but I don't know them from memory. lie. the County Council with reference to the foot- pith alluded te, aiding that if the committee of the i County Council d sired t, a deputation of the Council would meet them concerning the matter. Mr. Halton seconded, and the resolution was agreed of proposed that the Clerk writs to the Clerk Ito.

SUGGESTED TRIENNIAL ELECTION OF PARISI COUNCILLORS.

Mr. Thompson in inovinra reacAution of which be had given notice that the eleciton of Parish Councillors take place triennially instead of annually, said as they elected thoir district .ceuncillorapd Guardian f3r three years it appeared to him t 3 be ridiculous that the Parish Council should be elected every year. He noticed that the Denbighshire County Council bad taken the matter up' and he felt that if Satila represantations were made to the parish councils of Lancashire and the County Council, the Local Government Board might be called upon to extend the term of office for parish councillors years. If members of such important bodie a s three eeard of Guardians and Rural Council could be efolseretththeed for three years be did not see why the minor post of parish councillor should not also be for three years. Mr. Thomas Halton _said it was not every district where theyto had an electron each year. Where members wbe doing useful, work they were allowed in many were seen places to be returned 'without election. He was unfortunately proposed that theyh as a parish council should meet oflee a quarter. In absent when Par. Thompson a growing district like Great ;Sankey he theught it was a great mistake.. He had opposed a quarterly meeting on former occasions and he was still opposed to it. Ins- up,and it was 3, to the ratepayers aPtilutarndttbouhsainveessawmaseectoinFgicieuvaelriTY ctrh.rPePeimngonths. He did Mr. Thompson said be begged to differ from Mr. bn yo t mt he 'ant ike tghee 071 yw oe re% ed,o rin atrhr ee d t Halton. Be (Mr. Thompson) was prepared to meet once a week if there was any buinneis to transact There was not much work for them as a Parilh Council to do, and as long as two members could request a meeting if there was anyi hing to be done there was no difficulty in arrang- ing a special meeting. Surely if there was anything to he done the Chairman would instruct the Clerk to call a special Meeting. The farmers were now busy with the harvest and if the meetings were held monthly he did n pposvetheyittle could come, and if they did se there for them to do. The reporters walk from Warrington to the monthly meeting and find that there was nothing to report. There had been no neglect in bringing anything before the atten- tionbevery of the Council, and be (Mr. Thompson) was per- fectly prepared to Submit his Conduct to the ratepayers. As the person who had brought the matter forward he was prepared to meat every week if there was any busi- ness.

Mr. Halton said as a Council they had done Borne use ful work, sad he thought it advisib'e that they should n3ell t oftener than once in three_nionths.

_ No erc3oder was found fir Mr. Thompeon'e proposi- inn, and it therefore fell to the ground.

1 TEN 0 VERSES as' ACCOUNTS. The Clerk reported that the overseers accounts were au iited by the Local Government Board auditor (Mr. Walter Young). Mr. Halton said as overseer he was present when tha accounts were presented. Tea auditor was perfectly Eatiified with the way the accounts were kept. THE MORTUARY QUESTION.

He Mr. Halton proposed that a letter be written to the rlquestion. pointed out ided accommodation for the last body found in the tewnehip had not yet been paid Local Grvernment Board requesting a reply to the mwhoor t laor owing to the delay in the Local Government Board's de- cision. Mr. Thompson eeeondei, and the resolution was car that Mr. attr l'. tijenr ew re orthtt; ries!. THE LIGHTING OF VEHICLES IN TANCLSHIRE. Mr. Thompson notifiel for the information of the Council that the Lancashire County Council had passed a resolution ordering every person in charge of a vehicle to carry a lightf.after dark. THE PARISH 1/OLIS, The Parish Clerk said he had received the dale for dis- tribution amongit the p-or of the parish, and it was open for any member to make any suggestions regarding The Clerk was instructed to distribute it to the per- sons selected by the trustees. IMPROVED POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS. Mr. Halton said it wohld be remembered that the Counoil appointed Mr. Thompson and himself to wait upon Mr. West, the postmaster for the Warritigton dis- trict, with a view to obtaining, improved postal arrange- ments for the township. He was pleased to inform the Council that since that time Mr. West had been doing his utmost for them and bad succeeded in providing addi- tional postal arrangements. He had received the follow- ing letter which he would ask the Clerk to read. The letter was as follows :—Warrington, 22nd August, 1898. Sir, lam glad to inform you that on and from re-day an afternoon delivery of letters and parcels will be made in the district of Great Satkey. It ie timed to reach You about 545 p.m. An additional collection will to made from the letter lo.olc at Great Sankey Station by the morning postman as he passes at 630 a.m. Letters posted there will reach this office in time for despatch by the principal morning mails. A despatch will also be made from Peoketh sub-office at 3.45 p.m. and a collec- tion from Heath-road letter box at 4.15 p.m., reaching Warrington in time for delivery in the town area the same eveting. I trust the entensfon will meet the re- quirements of the district. lam sir, yours respectfully, W. F. WEST."

Mr. Thlmpeon said he had received a similar letter. Mr. Halton moved that the Clerk be requested to write to Mr. West thanking him for what he had done for the district. They were all aware that Mr. West was leaving the district for SUnderland, and he had done his

utmost to get the postal arrangements improved before leaving the district. Mr. Thompson seconded the proposition. They were treated very cou,t.ously when they waited upon him with reference to the mat r. Thr extfension would be a great boon to the inhabitants of the district. He had great pleasure in seeonding the vote of thanks.

_ The resolution was eArriel. _ _ TEM LIGHTING OF GREAT SANKEY.

Mr. Thompson gave notice that at the next meeting he would call attention to the necessity of providing lamps on the main road at Great Sankey. This concludel te busisess.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWNING itYI:ERY AT WATt- RINGTON.

On Sunday afternoon the body of a man,unknown was found in the river close to Bishop's Wharf. The deceased who appeared about 40 years of age, was about five feet eight inches in height, of ruddy complexion, with full features, brown hair and moth,tache, and of medium build. He was wearing 4 brown rough tweed Jacket. brown check cord vest and brown cord trousers. He also wore two old shirts, aid a pair of clogs, far worn, and had a black and white scarf round his neck. It is supposed he . had been in the water about a fortnight. Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner held an inquest at the Police • tation on Mondsy evening,—James Monks &fated that he fsund the body in the Mersey, near Bridge Foot, at 2-30 on Sunday afternoon. Ile gave information to a man named John Thornton. —Thornton said he had the body removed to the Higher Seven Stars Inn, Bridge-street.—P.C. Leonard deposed to having helpelto recover the body from the river. He gave a description of the deceased, and said he found 2s. 21-1. loose in the p^oket, and an old key upon verdict of "Found drowned" wss returned.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER, POLO dfIAXIPIONSHIP.= -- WARRINGTON v. ST. HELENS.—REPLATED

TIE.

The meeting of the st. Helens and Warrington water polo teams in the Liverpool and District Water Polo League Championship at St. Helens Corporation Baths on Tuesday night excited great interest among the members of the two c übs. It will be remembered that the tie was played at War- rington a few weeks ago, and resulted in a draw. The match on Tuesday evening was the replayed tie. There was a good attendance, and the teams turned out as follows :—St. Helens : J. Aspinall, goal ;J. Brettoa and T. Green backs; P. Ripley, half-back; W. Preston, W. E. Raley, and J. Law, renson, forwards, Warrington: A. G. Robertson- goal; S. Beaman and A. Boscow, backs; T. Locker, half-back • A. Ashton, W. Ash- ton, and W. Creighton, forwards. Pre- vious to the first team game the Warrington and St. Helens Combination teams played a League match.which resulted in a draw of two goals each. In the other match St. Helens defended the deep end in the first half. Play was most evenly con- tested for a short time,both teams putting in some good shote,but the custodians were safe. A foul to Warrington occurred,and W.Ashton gave to Locker, who had no difficulty in defeating Aspinall. Thus reversed St. Helens made play faster, and from a foul Hilley equalised. Killey got the ball first again, and Preston swam away. Exciting play in the Warrington goal followed, but eventually Bescow gave to Locker, and he got away from Bretten, and scored the secend goal for Warrington, and this ' brought half-time, with Warrington leading by two goals to one. In the second half a fine piece of play by Preston and Ripley resulted in the latter equal- icing amid great cheering. Warrington, however, were not to be done, for immediately after Locker got possession from W, Ashton,and scored the third goal with a long shot. Ripley Swam for the ball, and, passing back to Lawrenson, that player again returned it to Ripley, who equalised. The game was most keenly contested to the finish. A splendid passing movement, organised by Bretton and car- ried on by Green. Ripley. and Miley, ended in that player scoring what proved to be the winning goal for St. Helens, for soon aftar time was called with the final result :—St. Helens four goals, Warrington three goals.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTT3ALL. NORTHERN UNION. --- WALBORN RUGBY CLUB.

SINGULAR DEVELOPEMENF.

An extraordinary devblepeinent of affairs of the Walk. den Rugby Club, was disclosed on Saturday. It applars that several guarantors of the debt of £6OO, which they have refnied the club the use of the recently wiped cfi. ground and fixtures unless a certain firm who are interea- ted in the welfare of the organisation are prepared te contribute aline portion of the £6OO. A new ground is meanwhile being Siught.

VIE RUGBY GAME IT NORTGIVICII. WENRII THU RUNCORN TEAM NAVE GOT TO.

The Lostock (Northwich) Rugby Clia-b—co—m.menced practice en Saturday. The elub, which mainly consists of old Runcorn plavers, has obtaupd admission into the Lancashire Junior League und Northern Club competi- bons, hence much interest has been awakened in Rugby Dif!i, football in the North wich district. The strong team in- cludes J. Trainer, back ; Fish, Y. and J. Faulkner threequatters ; Cooker and Billington. halves ; w Ferguson (captain), the Forsters and Hay. forwards S. Thomas ard H. Faulkner have left,the former for Widnes , aud the latter for Walkden.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A RIRKDENBEAD TFIREE-QUARTER FOR sr. HELENS.

-- Mr. J. H. Houghton secretary of the St. Helens Rugby Club, who has just been elected vice-president of the Lancashire Referees' Society, states that his committee has sum eded in obtaining the services of Liversage,one of the best three-quarter backs of the Birkenhead Wan- derers team, for tua emuing season. Efforts are bail" made to secure one or two good half-backs. The team, which is regularly practising, promises to be an excellent one. T. Foulkes is captain, and be will again fill the position of full back. W. Briers, the County forward, is sub-captain. The three-quarters will include D. Traynor, Doherty. Barnes, Liversage, Liddall, and pro- bably Crossley, late of the Rees. Cross, the veteran half- hick, has undertaken the care of the A team, who are in the Junior League.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD.

Reverend Joseph Holmes' Improved Mexican Pre- scription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weak nese, exhausted vitality, kidney or bladder diseases gravel prostate, spinal weskness, brain fag and kindred complaints—discovered in Mexico. It has stood the test for twenty-two years. Thousands cured. Send a self- tddressed stamped envelope to JOSEPH HOLMES' REMEDY JO., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Square,London, and get particulars of this great Specific free. Mention whether for male or female. Genuine sufferers need only apply. Beware of swindling imitators and ignoran uacks.

How /9 IT THAT 'CLARE'S BLOOD MIXTURE has obtained such great popularity" is a question which has perplexed many. The answer is, that it is unquestionably the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light. Thousands of wonderful sures have been effected by it. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skins,and Blood Diseases, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all Mad its effects are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle ware of worthless imitations and substitute—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ROUND T.EtE WORLD ON A CYCLE. CONCERNING PLUCK AND PERIL.

A CHAT WITH MR. JOHN FOSTER FRASER.

Tell, slim, wiry, with not an extra ounce of fish on his Nix-feet length 01 bone; his clean-shaven features wee her-bronzed, his mouth firm, a certain hardness of manner in his speech, a man, indeed, who is cool and calculating, and of fixed resolution —such is Joha Fast q• Fraser,the leader of the little band of three cycling adventurers who have just done two years of hard bicycle riding round the world. Fraser, with his brown skin, his brown slouch hat, his brown coat, his lithe easy swing of the limbs, is very much like a racehorse. We are old friendB (writes a correspondent), and the handshake he gave me was vigorous in cordi- ality. "Yes, old fellow, if I must tell you the truth," he said, " I'm glad to get back. Not that the journey wasn't interesting; but from the mo- ment we r, ached America from Japan and felt our faces turned towards home 1 have been really anxious to sniff the smoke of London. Lord 1 how well I remember,away in the mountains of Western China, cut off by thousands of miles from civilisa- tion; how I used to lie at nights on the hill sides and look up at the old moon and think of what a ride would be like on top of a 'bus rumbling along Piccadilly." "It's a tremendous journey you've done," I said "Yes, it's a long ride," said Fraser. "But remember, we've taken over two years to di the 19,000 miles, so the daily average won't great after all. Be then's nothing else in it. It's just what anybody might do if th.y had the time, and kept pegging at it. Don't thick I'm saying that to draw compliments out of ym. I'm sick to &lath of compliments. I'm the best man in the word to say exaetly how much courage is required to di a trip of that sort, and I say none at all. I admit be- fore we stirted I had 4 gr,dat idea that if we were suc- cessful it would b. a magbiticent and glorious journey. Now it ie over I can say the chief thing about it is not how we conquered the dangers, but how easy the whole ride wag."

"But you road havp had har3shipq by tha way?" AN JO:PENCE OF LUXURY. - . .

" Hardships? rubbish !" said Fraser. with a impatient gesture. " What ara hardships ? That's what I want to know. If I hsd come home with an eye gouged out, or my spine tied in a knot, or my health ruined, I would call that a hardship. At times there was a certain ab- sence of luxury, and the food was a bit monotonous. But that's all. Crossing Central Europe we had a fairly good time. Of course, in South Russia, where the roads were soft sand and the food for ten days at a stretch eggs, and the sleeping accommodation generally the floor, it wasn't just the same as a West-end hotel, But, bless your life, you soon get used to it. Why, after we had crossed the Caucasus Mountains and we were among the Kurds in Armenia it was positively enjoyable. I know our food, breakfast, dinner, and supper, was always alike—greasy rice. There was a sameness about I it. But think of the advantages. Think of not having I to shave for a month at a time, not having to take your clothes off fir a week, and letting the inistter oflwashing yourself be a fancy. Why I haven't I worn a stiff collar for over two years. Doesn't that I make you envy me? Heaves choose my language the I first time I have to climb into a caet-iron Htarchei white shirt. In Persia we had to sleep among the filthy natives, and we used to get angry with the parasites that favoured us ;it required the ultimate burning of our clothes to got rid of them. Riding across India was a mere pleasure jaunt—l had smallpox by the way— but when we got to Burma In the rainy season, we had to push through the jungle paths and sleep night after night in our wet clothes it wasn't exacdy what one would call agreeable. 13ave you ever slept on a bamboo floor ? It's a peculiar sensation ; you get up in the morning with your body marked in red lines, like a map of C'aphaen Junetion. But you get used to really wonderful what you do rt used to. Why, I re- collect after sleeping on hard boards for several months arriving at a missionary's house in Central Ckina. He gave me a beautiful feather bed to sleep in, with luxurious white sheets. Perhaps it was delight at the paradise I was in, but, anyway, I couldn't sleep. I pitched about and tossed about for hours. it last, in desperation I got up and lay down on the floor. I went off to sleep at once.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSSING CHINA.

" It seems to me, FrAser," r re narked, " von were all three very reckless or very brave to go away into Upper Burma, and then strike through unknown Central China to the coast."

"Oh," said Fraser, " you're talking like the rest. Because Burma and China are a long way from here— and I wager yru know precious little about either coun- try—you think our way must have been full of perils. I used to thmk the same before I wen: there. What are IBurma and China? They are only a lot of hills and Iplains. We were among wild tribes, but we had nothing Ito fear from them, because we had nothing worth steal- ing. The Chinese used to get playfully nasty at times ; they chased us, and mobbed us, and at times we had to fight them. But we were never in any danger. There were disadvantages, of course, having no guide and not spe .king the language, and having to lire on CilitVS9 food. But they were only disadvantages,nothing more. Western China is not a good place to cycle in ; why, out of the firet 1,500 miles we had to walk some 1,200. But all the time we were climbing up and down those con- founded hills there was never any cause for fear. It was just a steady pegging on,day by day,lsl days in all till we reached Shanghai. Yet I tell you candidly that nearly every person I speak to begins gassing about the wonderful feat of crossing China. If they go on much longer I'll begin myself to think it WM wonderful.l 1 I suppose you've had your share of adventures those I two years ?" WHAT DO YOU CALL ADVENTURES ?

" I suppose we have. Do yon call hsving a fight with a lot of Cossacks and pinging Into the air with revolvers an adventure? You do? Then you'll call it an adven- ture when a lot of Moslems in Persia chased us with sticks and stones because they accused us of being Christiane. I never really knew I was a Christian till the Mohammedans stoned Ina because they said I was one. I daregay also I could spin a yarn of adventure out of the time when feur or five hundred Chinamen chmed us on board a Fmk and pet-d us till I stood up and cursed them in my most vigor MS English. I'm sure they didn't know English, but they had a pretty good idea what the revolver in my hand meant. Oh, but if you want a really thriling yarn te print, here's one that'll suit you. It was away in the snewy mountains of Persia—l'm it de we nearly sieriflcr.d our lives by losing our way I end spending a while night in a snowstorm on a hill tip 9,000 ft up, and haying nothing to eat for twenty odd ho ire—and we were trundling our wheels up a snowy I pass when all at once a great black bear came trotting 1 down the path. Oh. we were in a mighty "blue funk." The bear grunted and stopped. We stopped too. And he began nvking circles round us, wondering which was the daintieit of the trio. That lasted for two or three minutes, and then he sniffed in disgust, and quietly trotted up the hillside. That gave 1 us a chance to talk of cnsr bravery, and how, if he had come nearer we would have plugged hint with our re- 1 volvers. We went on for five minutes, and then two more bears came along. They were more scared than we, and they just took to their heels and fled. Then we met a solitary bear, fie nearly broke his neck gettine away into a ravine. Altogether within one hour we had eleven bears prancing round us—yes, eleven, that's what I've insisted upon all alone,though I may admit to you that I fancy the eleven really consisted of a stage procession of two that kept passieg and repassing. In America I used to tell the interviewers we kilted the whole eleven. That interested them. It would never have done to have confessed to a Yankee journalist we were frightened."

CHICKEN A LA "Not knowing the languages of the Far Eastern countries meet have hem a great trouble?" 66 oh, that was amusing. You've never had to get down on your haunches before a Chinaman, flap your wings,and cock-a-doodle-do to indicate you wanted eggs. It's funny, I ean tell you. I remember away on the steppes of South Russia we pulled up for the night at a little inn, and in our bad Russian ordered sonp and boiled fowls. The landlord asked if we would have the f awls zaftra. Zaftra we took to mean' after' the soup. We said yes, and sat down to wait. We waited one hour, two hours, three blessed haulm, and whenever we asked for the fowls We always were told zaftra. At last in desperation we penetrated the kitchen, and there were the fowls harn.s'ing, untouched. The idea struck us of looting in our dictionary to see what raftra meant. I There it was, plain as a pike-staff—zaftra, to-morrow. never felt mare like talerm myself into the back yard and administering a go-id kicking!' " Didn't your appearance cause a gold deal of excite- ment among the natives ? " " Rather. Oh, we had all'sorts of treatment. Every nation had its peculiarities. A friend took me to visit 1 one of the leading Chinamen, a big, fat, bloated official. My friend told him many picturesque lies about my intrepidity and daring, how I had braved many dangers, lived wretchedly for months on bad food and slept in howls and all for the love of the thing. The Chinaman looked at me curiously a few seconts and then he said, "Too muchy damn for I !" " Now tell me Fraser." I said, "is such a ride as you are just finishing, two y 'ars of cycling in all countries and under all conditiora, really good for you ?—tell the truth !"

4 ‘ DIIAIT IT MILD r

" Well, look at me" answered the adventurer," do I look like a man broken down in health ? True I'm tweuty pup& legs in weight than I was three years aeo, but I'm all the hralthier. I'm the strong enemy of the scorcher. No ma.: reides my contempt so much as the cyclist, with his head over his handle-bars who races along, sees nothing, and wit h only rue ambition, to get over as much ground as possible. I don't say the three of us have not gone in for a brisk spin on an inviting piece of road. But we've never scorched. We have always reserved our strength, and the number of can

tulles; we have made could be countrd on the fingers of one hand. Our musclis got into such splendid trim thii: tiredness was a thing we never felt. Besides, we frequently pulled up for long rests of a week,a fortnight, and even a month at a time. Before we startmci I believe some of the cycling papers rather scoffed at us because we were unknown in the wheeling world. And that's the very reason Why we've been Successful. Had we been racing men we would have broken down within the &st month, for 'we would have knocked ourselves te pieces by foroing ' the pace. No,we're not crack riders ; we are just or- dinary wheelmen fond of wheeling. Any three fellows with decent health could have done what we've done. And if you write ails thing about this chat of ours I hope to goodness you'll draw it mild ; I've had a good and interesting tirne,and I fancy I've got rnat4rial for a read- able book,but about courage and endurance and perse- verance and all that—well, it's all rot, simply rot".— Daily Cliroxicle.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRI-NOTON.

P.S.A. AT Y li.C.A.

There was a large atte-iide;n-ce;t—tThe weekly meet- ing in the lecture Hall on Sunday. Mr. Jenkins presided and delivered a brief ad tress. Mr.Windle secretary of the ir.m C.A., gave an interesting ad- dress on " Purity," in which he referred to the evil of self-abuse. Mr. U. B. Hotford was the accom- conspanist. Mr. Beckett and the President also took part in the meeting.

_ LATCHPORD TEMPLARS AT MORECAMBE. About 40 members of the Latch/on] Goo I Tern- pars Society had a trip to itarecambe on Saturday. The party c'Jni menced their jou-ney at 8.35 am from Bank Quay Station,and reached their Jestina- tion &hortly after eleven. After &liner the party dispersed. Tne day was very enjoyably spent, the trippers returning at 7.10, and arriving at Warring-. ton at ten o'clock.

FISHING MATCH. The General Wolfe Angling Club have just held their sevententh anqual fishing match at North. wich, wh-n 26 members took part. Messrs. Dabson, , Holmes, and Preston. woa the three principal prizes for the g-Patest weight caught, and Messrs. Grey, Ihbson, and Green tor the three heaviest single fieh. ' Through the kindness of several friends every mem- ber participating was enabled to hare a prize. All the arrangements were made by the energetic, secretary, S. H.ankey. _ _ _ MEETINGS OP SPIRITUALISTS. _ _

Mr. J. Moorey, of -Aianches-er, wa,-;Cle speaker at the services on Sunday. Ms ad iress in the afternoon dealt with the que-ttoa "Is there any- thing unnatural ?" And in the eveninz he spoke upon" .111,tice." Both subjects were followod by clairvoyance. Oa Monday evening the platform was occupied by Mr. Byles, who delivered a btief address on " The wanderer's return," after which she gave a number of clairvoyant delineations aid psychometric readimg,,. _ WARRINGTON REVISION COURT. _ _

_ Mr. James Thomas Foard, revising lo,trrister, vill attend:at the Town Rail on Th ursday,September Bth. andlthe following Friday, Sa.urday, and Monday to revise the lists of parliamentary votrrs, burgesses, county electors and pare .hial electors for the borough of Warrington. The following is a list of claims and objections :—Conservative claims, 321, Liberal claims. IGB ; Conservative objections, 192, Liberal objections, 157; Conservative lodger claims, 9, and Liberal lodger claims,l. The numbers,it may be stated,are less than trey have been for a num- ber of years. OXFORD LOCAL EXAMINATIONS.—WAFLIIINGTON SUCCESSES.

The following is a complete list of the passes of the clergy daughters in the Oxford local examine-

tions, announced this week :—Senior, passed, A. P. Jones, R. Philips, and G. A. Vaughan; senior,passed. (over age), A. G. H. D.vinuev. Junior, passed, C. F. Adamson, A. L. Farmer, W. Johnstone. M. G. Phillips. I. M. Schofield, and K. C. Thatcher ; junior puff d (over age), B. M. Ashworth, E. Fish, and E. Paylor, Preliminary, passed, A. M. Coalton, D. E. Norris, and C C. Wright; (over age). C. M. Stapleton Cotton and R. M. Wright. VISIT OF GAS ENGINEERS TO WARRINGTON. The Gas Committee of the Corporation having invited the Manchester District Institution of Gas Engineers to visit the Longford Works, arrange- ments have been made by the committee to hold the 115th quarterly meeting at Warrington to:day (Saturday). After inspecting the works, the mem- bers of the institution will be entertained to lunch by the Gas Committee. Afterwards coaches will leave Warrington for Knutsford via Arley, Colonel Peers Egerton-Warburton, of Arley Hall, having given permission to drive through his private park. Tea will be provided at Knutsford,

oe . Atm CYCLING and TOURING ROAD MAP3.—Jonn S. OREM?, Stationer. Ac., 34. Bridge-street. Warrington SAMPLING TEMPRRANCE DRINKS.

The Warrington Temperance Federation are hold- ', ing a week's open-air mission. The fir,t meeting was held on Monday evening behind the Cocoa House, Floreetnarket-street. Mr. Dixon presided, and the speakers were Mr. O'Brien and Mr. 11. Taylor, P.C.M. The latter gave an address on "Alcoholic drinks not food," and made about twelve gallons of Stokos and flopkos, such as are used in hay and harvest field. The drinks were given away, and als3 abut 500 recipes for making them. Those who tasted the drinks pronounced them excellent, and some remarked th 3 it was the most practical temperance meeting they had ever attended.

_ CORPORIkT/ON EMPLOYES AT THE SEASIDE. The workmen engaged in the various depart- ments of the Corporation have again tHlen gener- ously provided with an outing, at the expense of the varions committees of the Council. On Satur- day about 250 went to Blackpool, and on ktonday , more than a hundred spent the day there. The two parties, including the men's wives, numbered 366. Both days were exceptionally fine, and the trippers thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The m-n were not only provided with their railway tickets, but with tickets for their d nner and tea. The kindness of the committees was greatly appreciated, and a resolution of thanks will be conveyed to them. W. T. WILLIAMS' SALE NOW • N: Great Bargains in MILLINERY, DRESSES, BLOUSES, ac.—SANKIIT- TREF.T. LEON STREET Warrington. WARRINGTON FIELD CLUB. The members of this club, under the leadership of Councillor Shaw Green,ths president, journeyed on Saturday via Froisham to the western edge of Dela- mere Forest. There was a good attendance,and the afternoon proving bright and vvarm,eollectors had a splendid opportunity of securing specimens of the varied anal beautiful inseot life of the district. Though no new records were established,raany rare ' and interesting beetles,flies, and spiders, as well as a few millipedes,rewarded the exertions of the more enthusiastic members. Flaxmere was visited, on whose somewhat treacherous surface three species of the curious insectivorous plants known as Sun- dew occur. The walk was continued to the resi- dence of the late Ntr. S. B. Chadwick, of Kingsley, where a substantial tea was awaiting the tired and hungry naturalists, and to which they Cid ample justice.'

-- - - • - -.31c 10.31111,.*.41r. *. alg 310x* .--_,.- ' mi" "I PAY ONE-AND- 3IK * FOUR FOR MINE." it lic „yes," adds the shrewd and thrifty 311 r, lohouse-wife—" whether I'm at home or r away a-holldaying, I always buy BROOKE, * BONDS' Is. 41. Tea, because I've proved it . *over many years to be better than any- sdhii- body e!se's tea at the price." She knows - that two-million people drink Brooke, * Bonds' every day ; she has road t'-at the gar, Rouse of Commons, the chosen of the aTsi,:i mir People, have , hosen Breike, Bonds' Tea Trbefore all others ; and she is assured that 419 *thirty-thousand Age nts sell Brooke, Bonds' packets everywhere. All these real Ait . facts have backed-tip her own opinion about the tea, and she is convinced that 301 L she is right, that the tea is right, and that the e price is right. , . *When you are away for your little holi- mar day, this month, insist, wherever you may be, on buying BROOKE BONDS' Tea * and Brooke, Bonds' only. It's sold in all * the holiday-reeorts just as it is sold nest *door to your own home. Everywhere: thy: ipc same packet, the same quality, the same price. 341 K 10d., 1/-11/4 1/8, . 0,5 * I 2/5 or 2/4 . ALB. lOC _...

I*- AGENTS *at the 5( a-side, and at your home-side. * BROOKE, BOND & Co,, Ltd, *TEA MERCIIANTS BT APPOINTMENT TO THE PEOPLE. THE LANCAAHIRE TEA IVAREHOUSEs * 17, PICCADILLY, AND .& 14 LONG At MILLGATE, MANC,EST%R * AND AT LONDON, LEEDS AND ItEtADFORD. *

L

1 ~,/ ~1 I'.

1 ' ,

! ,

Ii

•

I.` • 1 it •

I

I

===== 0002601_18980826_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
4

Ebt 44 Oramuttr" ittrttss

ON LAMSLBILIZ 4.21113 CEMMIltir 00IINST HISVISYTPX2B: Comprise&

TES Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. PHIL Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published JL every Friday afternoon. rrELE Bt. Helm Examiner, published every Friday JL wltarnoon.

THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday -11, morning _

- PRIIPAID ADVBILTISIMMITIS.

&STATIONS WANTED, APABTICICNTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WArrrED, SPARTMILITS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECLFICIARTICLIS FOB SALE BY PRITATIC CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.

HOTTBES AND OTHER PRICAURYJ TO RR LET OR SOUL. One Three Six Inds. Week. Weeks. Weeks. f,lB 27 ........ '36 46 54

===== 0002601_18980826_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
omtOttt OtrbanttC, &t.

WANTED, a IKITCHIDS---151-AlD.—Apply PENNINGTON ALL, Latch, Lancashire.

WANTBD, GBNBRAL SHMVABIT, 28, St. Andrew-at., rale:kid-street, Manchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL, able to do plain cooking.— )TV Apply CLOWTO Hum, Trafford-road, Salford.

WANTED, good GSCIBRAL, small family, comfortable home.—Apply 11,0agDams lioaD,Waterloo.Liverpool.

WCANTUD, a strong GEEZER/L. to wash and plain cook. Ty good home.-101. B lor-street,Pendleton, Manchester,

HOUSBMAID-WAITRESS (ILO.); end of VV August ; country.—Mrs..FlNCl, Clifton Lodge, Pres; ton.

WA.NTRD, a GIRL about 20. for GERBRAL ; character required.-26, RuzaBETIL-8211Err, Cheatham, Man- heater.

GARDENBR WANTS SITUATION, age 36 ; goad refersa- eel. Address, T. CRANE, Gardener, Hollowterth, near Preston.

WANTBD. COOK-GENBRAL, between 25 and 3); able to wash ; must have good reterences.—Apply Haan Nasser. Sale.

WANTND, good MINIMAL ; able to wash ; references required; good honse.—Apply, Dz TzArronn Alms, Croston, Preston.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT ; also young girl. Goad wages given.—Address Mild BALL, 4d, Argyle- street, Birkenhead.

WANTBD. WAITRBSS, tt orougbly experienced. by Aug- gust 26 ; stge from 26 to 32. Apply by letter Aret,llllsa 3AXTER, Bollenworth, Bowdon Cheshire.

ex- VV GBBBRAL able to cook and wash ; also ex- perienced Nurse for twins four months old; state wages —Halm R. Cliff Point, Manchester.

RBSPECTABLFI young lady seeks situation as WOIMIEG HOUSEREBPBH to gentleman. Good references. Address, J. BIIESTON, Crlekmerry, Market Drayton.

INTANTED. COOK-GSNEI3AL at once; three in family ; nurse and Housemaii kept; 'tete age and wages.—Apply with re:ereace, Mrs. GOODWIN, Piss Newydd, lthyl.

WANTED, experienced COOK-GENERAL, of good char- acter; able to wash and iron ; good home to a capable servant; wages £2o.—Ad4rees, SDIRE Ilemaxs, Cestbs, Chapal-en-le-Yrith.

ANTSD. by thoroughly expertensed, middle-aged man, SITUATION as LOACHMAN in quiet family. sr any place of trust ; excellent refs ; married, no encusabraace.— W. T., 14, DUEST-STREET, Cheadle, Cheshire.

A, ALE and FEMALE NURSES INUTITUTION, 70, Hope- i. street, Liverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegr Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

jilarbintrp, etc.

IT IS WORTH YOUR WHILB TO BUY DlRECl.—There- fore, Telephone " Avenues,B9l." or Telegraph "Saba.- teal, London" (A.B.C. Code used) or write THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL CU..19 and 20,WATER-LANE,GRBAT TOWER-STREET LONDON, B.C. The Best and Cheapest NON-CORROSIVE MACHINERY and ENGINE OILS in the World. send for FREE ORDER FORM and PRICE LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, MIMI) (late Ormerod Orierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Sngineeriag Work promptly. Catelegueof wheel and pulley uatterns on appll- eation.—Telephone 229.

fsA TENT OFF IO 14 MANCHESTER, HEITA.B.LISHED IN 1835. Messrs GEORGE DAVIEE a SON have 61.1 mere than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. merit, and possess praetioa I knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGB DAVIES, CH., tc SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A.. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
121anteb.

LASTBRERS WANTBD.—Lyoirs,Bilddlatea, Kanebeater. J_ No dispute.

MIDLASTBRBRS WANTED, 104 per Your :no dispute.— IMAx Joints, 18, Gibbea-street, off Derby-street,

GOOD BARNINGS at hOING by the HARRISON PATICNT KNITTING MACHINES.-48, Ureza Baoox-irrazirr. Man- chester.

A GENTS WANTBD to push lint-class MACHINERY /1 OILS. Liberal Comsaission-13ex 31, Pest Office, Liverpool.

WAR MHDALS WANTHO dated MC sr earlier 1892. or later; also last Arctic; £2 wish givea— Maj or To1(38. Droltwleh. a

FWSW actlv.• MSS WANTIID, to Gall on Tradesmen ; good pay ; Penny stamp, Box 25.9. Gaussoap-soLD,B. Um- tata, London. S.W.

ABs' STANT MISTRESS Wanted (Art. SO) in mixed school Bt. Helens. Salary £5O. Apply Vicax, Holy Trinity Vicarage, St. Helena.

YOUNG-MAN WANTED, 3.51., per week and muralist° a. Regular work. Splendid opening. Address COMPO WOlllO Farnworth, Bolton, Lanes.

WANTED. (St. Anne's, Stanley). Assistant MIBIIIIIBB Art. 60, School, Standard Pt.; salary according to qualiicatione.—Apply Mnrrnia

.00T. OSWALD'S, aorta -street, Rochdale-road, Manchester. 4,7 WARTMD, TWO ASSISTANT MIdIMEISSIS. Standards I. and III.; salary £4s.—Apply Marra's.

WANTBD GRASS PAWL Rout. Buildings, 25 acres, within 50 miles London, geed water supply, rent __ *boat £2S.—DE WILTON. Medstowd, Hants.

-DIRMINGHAM GOODS.—Everythinir for dealers, fur- nishers, clubs, Ac. ; Agents wanted; wholesale book free. —Write linarr MAY, Factor, Birmingham.

WANTED for cash Postage Stamps (present Issue Bag Ugh excepted) collections or loess ; unused stamps sashed. +—PVIMP.IDfix AND CO., 633, Chancery-lane, Leaden. x

riIOBACCONISTS Commencing. see Ind. Quid.* (259 .pages) 3d. Tobaccioniste Outfitting Co.,lB6,Buston-14. Mondce. Hairdressers Litted.listimates frea.—Mgr. H.MTIca.

WANTED, for MIXED SCHOOL (UNDBR-11/I.I3TER) an ASSISTANT MISTRESS (Art SO) ; Standard I and II 'Needlework. Object Lesions.; £55. Also an ASSISTANTIMISTRBSS (Art 60)te tike sole charge Of Infant Class; £5O; healthy village. close te Railway Station.— Address IlLtyaosa. Rufford School, near Orrnsklrk.

TEE MOST VALUABLE APPOINTMENTS _ AR O OBTAINBD BY JOINING

EMBREY'S PREPARATONY COLLEGE Rf3TAII. 14378 Greatest Tutorial Institution United King- dom. DEPARTSIENTS—CiviI Service. University and ProfelliOnal, Business Training Aggregate First Year's Salary a svea.avii Students during 1897 amounted to £31.660. NHW STUDaNTS (Oral and Postal), now being enrolled. Fullest details in the Guide and Prospectus, poet free.

OFFICES AND CLABS-ROOMB— Builthngs, 5, BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL.

IMPORTANT TO LADIES.

PROFESSOR TRMNER'S

FEMALE CORRECTIVE.

CORRECTS ALL IRREGULARITIES, removes all Obstructions from svhateT6r aause arising) and relieves the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Perfectly harmless, ausi !never fails to bring about the desired result, as testified by thousands. Price 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. Extra strong lii. Care 14111 Y Packed and sent free from observation, ADDams :—MANAGERESSr MISDIOAL INSTITUT% 14, P_RJriy_E STERST:(NEAR SaILOBWOME), LIVERPOOL.

flottlo, /vbrosS, oarbing estabss.

Apartnunto, 8r eurnicsbeb jloustl.

ROUGLAS —APAIITIIIINTS,Conmsaook HOUSE. Victoria- st., one minute walk ft m be boat ; home comforts,

A BBRYSTWYTH.—Private •PARTMENTI,cIose to castle, CV beach.—Mrs. ANDREW DAVIES, 4, Castle Terrace,Seuth- road.

BEIGHTON.—Gordon Houle, Cannon-place. Home to home. Near West Pier end Amusements. Address Mrs. RHODES.

T)OLACKPOOL.—Mrs. PARSONS, 27, Kent-road. off Chapel- -1..) street; 4 minutes from Central Station and sea. Reason- able terms.

fIotTGLAS, elese to Derby Clastle.overlooking sea. bed, 2s. ; Tea, Bed and Breakfast 3s. 6d.—Mrs. AUSTIN, 3, Im- perial Terrace.

LANDUDNO.—Mrs. STEAD, Eaglefleid, Queen's-road 1.1 Craig-y-Don. Publia and Private Eooms ; board if desirei sea view.

BLACKPOOL,—Mrs. Cliaosetor. 8, Lonsdale-road of Lytham koad ; Publics, rrivate A2ARTMEINT.3 near Sea; terms mod.

DLACEPOOL—SmaII FURNISHED HOUSE te bo LET .1.71 from September lit ; £2 weekly.—Yrs. KNOTT, 9, Miller street, South Shore.

ULACKPOOL—South Shore.—Publie, private APART- MBNTS ; terms moderate ; bath, piano ; near church.— CAIIDWELL, 14, St. Chad's-road.

MORBOAMBB.— APARTMENTS for temperance people, clean and good, beautiful situation, sea view.-31rs. TURTON, 17, Yark-street, (Bars).

GOOD ACCOMISIODATION for Picnics, pleasant country.; also superior Apartments.—Address Mac. BENTLEY, Comberbach, near northwion.

MORECUMBH.—APARTaIISNTS, public or private ; near sea and tram • pleasantly situated.. Mrs. LEE, 9, Malvern-terrace, Muaylands.

%CCOUCHRMNT.—L comfortable Home, with every LI care and comfort.ia house of a Certificated Nurse.-77. Queens's-road, Bverton, Liverpool.

BLACKPOOL.—Clean and comfortable APARTHHNTS, at Mansfield Lodge, 50 Tyldesley-road ; home from hem., terms moderate; puolic er private. I

DEGANWY, near Llandudno.— To let, FURNISHED HOUBB.I sitting-room, 5 bedrooms, kitchea, Le., for Biptember.—Apply, BTANS, itlversdale.

BLACIEPOOL.— (North). Comfortable APARTMENTS; Public or Private : near Sea, Station and Amusements. mac LATOOCK. Osborne House, High-street. DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. HEXSTHHW 38. Templeton-terrace. _LP North Shore. Hood ENDS and Cooking; two minutes from lea; near Hydro; piano.

BLACKPOOL.— Hisses Enown. Haworth House, 28, Pleasant-street. North bhors. Public or Private APARTMENTS. One minute from sea.

PRIVATS APA.RTMIINTS, with or without board. Cheap terms for SBPTBMBSIt and OCTOSSI3.—Mrs. T. Climax. The Crags, Port St. Mary, Isle of Man.

COktFORTABLH COUNTRY APARTHRNTS, with board terms 1 guinea per week :—Mrs. CORIATT. Balla Ralghen„ Onelmn, near Douglas, Isle-of-Ban.

AIISEY.—Mrs, WATSON, Bloomsbury House, Ba iL roa 1. APARTMENTS. beautifully situated, close to shore and pier; bath, hot and cold water. Terms moderate.

BLACKPOOL.—Birs. It. RAYNER, Alexandra House, 93, Albert-road. nsar (Jertral Station and Sea. Public and Private APARTMENTS, with or without board. Pianos.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Eo bt Ett.

TO LET, TWO GOOD HOUSES, 211 and 30 Cdherine-st: 1 three bedrooms; Rent 41. 6d. each. Apply AMMON and WoonS, solloitors,Horsemorket-st.,Warrington.

TO LET, COTTAGES oft LOVELY-LANH. rents 41. Apply .1 MINTON and WOODS, 1011011,0 M liorsensarket-at,, War- rington.

rpo LET.—LARGR ROOM, Grford-atreet ; rent £2O .1. Apply Aurrox AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-,t., Warrington.

PO LIU. SHOP, with LABOR ROOM over. In Orforlat.. 1 rant Zl3.—Apply kawron AND WOODS, gollcitora,Horse- market-strait. Warrington.

HOUSE and SHOP TO LET, 81, Liverpool-read, suitable for Provision, Conlintioaery and Minerals.—Apply 1, TEEWLI3-BTREET, Warrington.

rro LIIT.—WAIISHLUSS STABLE with rooms over. and large yard attached; rent £2s.—Apply ANITON AND WOODN, Solicitors. Horsesoarket-sLeet. Warrington.

1011 REMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.- 1 Apply AiarTox AND WOODS, Solicitors, ilorsenaarkot-at., Warrington.

balts bp Vrtbate ertatp.

Bunauut and fire-rrout OAFS. by 111pkIns; Chubbs double looks; holdtast bands; 48 a2Bz 26 ; £l5. Also two smaller ones, 45s each.—Edwards,B3,Vlctoria-st„ L'pool.

MILNER'S SAFE, Eurglar-prof Holdfast sands, list 3 two drawers; powder-proof locks ; cost new £45 my price £2l I'we smaller £6 6s —EDWARDS, 83, Victoria street Liverpool.

GIS FRENCIT PHOTOS, CABINETS, 3 for 74 ; Ilsi free. Vanua, !Banton, Isla of Man. x

GRAND African Jackal Karon, 30 aim, new, perfect bargain.— HERBEIRT GRIM, Okehampten.

AITJSICAL INSTRUMBRTS, at wholesale prices, illustra- ted Oatalogue.free.—ROLLlXSON AND Go.,Otley,Yerks .x

WANTED, to Purchase Second-hand MILNER'S, CRUDES'. or CHATWOOD'S SAFES. -Env,Amps AND Co, 108, Whitechapel Liverpool:

MAILkIND COUPLE, in comfortable circumstances wish to adopt little girl about 2 years old; premium £.50. BROM, 13, Mersea-road, Colchester. a

64 HOW TO MANN MONBY in spare thue."—Oeseriptive Pamphlet 33.. eputairdng valuable suggestloas.— Hewrrr, 50, Haldon-road. Wandavorth.

Q PARE Time Employment. Cyclists and others (either k. 3 sex) required everywhere ;no risk, no outlay.—Tl.ROXT OYCLI DEPOT, 48, Finsbury Ciraus, London. x

-Lnarwoax, Carving, Designs, Materials, lists free ; A! catalogues, 2,800 illustrations 9d.—lisaaV gu,L9a AND 00., 19 and 21. Wilson-street, Finsbury, London. a

y OVBLY BHT OF BABY CLOTHB6L beautifully made I_l and ;trimmed, tunutatd, 60 articles ; will sell for 30s.— Mr.. WILYIED MAX, 14, The Chau, Nottingham. x

flf LAZIHRS' DIAMONDS.—Deliable tools at moderate prices. Diamonds re-set Es. 6d.; write for EXAM. 52, Itshere-street, Goswell-road, London, x.

ID LIPTUREI CURED.—Cientleman (cured Limself), will It semi particulars of tr,expossive self-cure. Stamped address lox no. ECONOMIC ADeXITINING CO, Worcester. X

SiFBTY BICYOLB for FOUR SHILLINGS a WHEN Send Stamp at Inca for Illustrated Catalogue aid full par- tisulars to the Hamm' Co.,Ceirentrr Cycle Werks,Reading.:

--1::,S. to 30s a week can be earited on the "Original" FOS- TER PATENT KNITTER ; knits stockings. socks, k..—Write J'Alucs FOSTER, Maker, Friargate. Preston.

*altss bp ifinbatt ertatp.

OV SALR,aII sizes ot PACKING CASBEL—AppIy NAYLOR Awn Co., Confectioners, Warrington,

BROWN COB, aged 10 1, eg re , height 16 hands, quiet In harness.-41, DEBBY-STREET. Present,

GEBAT NOVELTY, 10.000 given away, to advert's* It; tend 4 stamps for p 'stage, packing do.—IITENTIOII 00., 25, Sitwell-road, ateffield. x

IPOR SALE,—BLACK PONY, 13-2; good worker; 1: suitable for tradesman, quiet in barnesc—Apply linonEs, 10, Crosflold-street, Warrington. _ _

TrODAE, PRIMA and other small Negatives Enlarged Al Bromide, whole plate 84., 10a, 10d. ; Superior work.— STUDIO, 7, Aidersgate Chambers, London 8.0

A N IMMENSE FORTUNE.—Valuable Mineral discovery la. South England. Syndicate forming to develop. State cApital available.—A., 2, Pains-road. Southeast. x

ON SALM LANCASHIRB MANLIER WORKS at Widnes with Machinery and 24.420 yards freehold land.— Address to J. liositimi 16. Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

BILLIARD-TABLB for SALM, 6ft by aft, six pockets, with all requisites ; in splendid condition, slate bed ; bergain for any hub—Apply Giro. WlLinisow. Low Moor, Clitheroe

les Dv 71tution

ePrltst

sptorkfi, 3SugfittssEirii, ttr.

PRIED FISH and CHlPS.—Mansorre CmAmnow Ranges 1: and Potatoe Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels for outdoor, 24 page list free. 51, Lever-st, Manchester,

===== 0002601_18980826_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Fubltratfono.

PRINTING! PRINTING! THE WARRINGTON "EXAMINER," UNDERTAKB PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS PRIXTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES

-- 117 OR SILL Six Cottages, near mitre of Warrington; free r from ground rent, and street already reade,—Apply t• J. MASSEY. Mineral Water Manufacturer, 77,1111earnere-street, Warrington,

TENTB.—Cost the Government over £6 each. Made ef Pure White Waterproof Linen, scarcely used, 40ft circumfer- ence, 10ft high, with poles. pegs, runners, lines, mallet, and bag, itc. Including the very latest improvements to stand all clime. as and weather; very adaptable for cricket, tennis, bathing, fishing, camping-out. lawns, boating parties, ad; all complete and ready for use. Price 30s. each. carriage paid ; them are all picked tents aud are as good as new ; special quotations for three or more; can be sent on approval; two supplied Buckingham Palace ; catalogues of marquees free; also genuine testimonials for reference. ARMY GROUND RUBBER HIRE IS, 61t by 31t; indispensable when camping Out, 45 each ; can be used with the tents.—A. POTTER, Tent Manufacturer, Mqbourne Works, Wolverliamptop, Maker to the Queen and Prinoe.efjWales.

pITT S' E 3 LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER

THE 'MOWED GENERAL FURNISHERS. LARGEST AND NEST SELECTED STOCK. CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE KINGDOM.

111111 ITTS'S FOR DINING-ROOM FURNITURE. Amer-- _1 can Walnut Suite. in morocco and hair, cost 38 guineas, for £lB IN ; another in brown oak, equal quality, 16 guineas ; similar suite in Spanish mahogany, grand bar- gain. £l6 10s. out £45 ; Bobcat complete Dining-room. in American walnut; Suite, upholstered in rich Utrecht velvet ; sideboard, with bevellet glasses, cupboards, drawers, AC.; telescope table. overmantle, carpet, fender, and brasses com- plete. for 30 guineas, worth at least 60 guineas. This bargain should not be missed, as the same opportunity may never occur again; another equally good value in brown oak, for 27 guineas ; similar in Spaniels mahogany for 32 guineas. Grand Dining-room Suite, in beet Arabian saddlebags, beautifully mounted with rich long-pile Utrecht velvet, Includes couch, pair of luxurious Divan easy chairs, and the small chairs, forming a really serviceable suite, price 18 guineas, cost 38 guineas; another quits as good value, for 13 guineas; one at 10 guineas. Special attention le directed to this magnificent suite in saddlebags, including handsome settee, two large club Divan easy chairs, and 12 (or six) padded-back single chairs, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed), coat 60 guineas not six months since, will take 32 guineas ; another grand Suite. 25 guineas ; also one slightly soiled for 18 guineas, worth double. Sideboards, Table, Overmantele, in oak, walnut, mahogany, in endless variety, and at all prices. DITTS'S FOR DRAWING-ROOM FURBITURV.—MaII- JL Mficent assortment of Suitee iii Chippendele,inleld rose- wood, walnut (Italian and Oircaesica), covered In rich silks, satins. brecatellas, Genoa velvet, plush tapestry, lc., from Et guineas up to 60 guineas. Exquisite Suite,artistio in design and finish solid rosewood. beautifully inlaid, upholstered throughout with curled hair,and Genoa velvet; Overmantels, Call et, occasional, wine, and card tabiecall inlaid to match. Carpet, rug, Brass Fender and Brasees,Clock and ornament., the clmplete room for 90 guineas. worth double, or any article will be sold separately. Other rooms complete for 60 guineas.' 30 guineas, down to 22 guineas. Suite, gem. cost 60 guineas. Pitta's price 20 guineas. Pianos in rosewood and walnut, by geed makers, from 15 to 69 guineas. Parlour and sitting-room Suites, from £4 lie. Just note this sitting room complete for nine guineas. Has suite in solid mahogany and hair or leather, containing Couch, two Easy and Small Chair, Side- board. Table, Carpet and Fire Meioses. DITTS'S FOR 113DROOM FURNITURE, unequalled In -1 quality by Buy house in Manchester. Majestic; 7ft. Wardrobe, superbly carved, fitted and lined trinplete, large bevelled glass door, cupboard, &O, pair of handsome Toilet Tables, with fine marble top, and containing eyery conveni- ence ; Pedestal Towel Rail, and Chairs, complete, cost 1301 guineas, for 60 guineas ; also similar Salta, with 6ft Wardrobe for 40 guineas ; American Walnut Suite, large Wardrobe, fully enclosed; Dressing Table, Washstand with marble slab, Pedestal Towel Rail and Chairs cast 70 guineas, for 331 guineas ; another for 35, Innumemble Suites in ash, mahogany, walnut, satin walnut, birch, .to., to choose from. Entire contents of Bedroom for £7 10s, worth £l4 ; contains Wardrobe, pair of Toilet Tables, Cheat of Drawers, Pedestal Cupboard, Towel Rail. three Chairs, and Toilet Glass, brass mounted Bedstead. Mattress, Wool Bed, Bolster, and two Pillows, Carpets, Fender and Toilet Ware. all complete ; largest and finest array of Bedsteads anywhere ; massive all-brass Bedstead, with spring mattress bed, bolster and pillow. RS 10e worth £l2; brass-mounted Bedsteads. ' spring mattress and wool mattress, all full size and best quality, for £2 10s; hundreds to select from. Immense stock of second-hand and new Toilet Ware, from Is 641 to £5 Per I set ; real hand-painted set for 12e 6d. pITTS'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15*, 24, 24. Hit 1 50, 75, up to 1.500 guineas are still unrivalled not only for the Quantity of Goode, but more especially for the, Quality, and should be seen by every young couple desirous of obtaining the Utmost Possible Value for their hard-earned money. DITTS'S FOR CARPET AND FLOOR COVERINGS.— All British made. largest, best and cheapest stock. 'CUTTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, DASSINETTES, Lamps, 2- China, Glass, Earthenware. Magnificent display in Show Windows. whleh me 250 feet long. pITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE.— Every description of Bookcases, Secretaires. Desks, Bleels, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half city Prices. Best selection and utmost value at QAMUEL PITTS. Established 1845. LONDON-ROAD (Close to Station), MANCHESTER.

just through South Junction Railway Arch, Arclivick, Longsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass Use Door.

MAWSON AND Co., STANDARD TAILORS. NEW SPRING WOOLLENS Facal THE BEST MAKERS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES.

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND OD'S LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 35, SANKEY STREET, ' WARRINGTON,

T. BIRTLES, . PHOTOORAPHER, LEGIT HOUSE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN PHOTOGRAPHY. CABINET PORTRAITS A SPECIALITY. ALL CHILDREN'S PORTRAITS ARH TARN INSTANTANHOUSLY.

TRH observant patriot, with a Are Parties Being soul above the party conflicts of Reconstructed ?

the time, sees much just now that excites thought and speculation. The ahar p lines of old parties seem to be passing away, and national interests are once more asserting their predominance. In the constituencies there are a good many signs of a change of feeling, which can hardly be regarded as meaningless or be pushed aside with levity. Reflective minds are not quite satisfied with things as they are. There is a loosening of the old party ties. It Southport, for instance, we have the Liberal Unionists somewhat restive, and the chairman of the party deelaring his thtention to support the Liberal candidate. This is one of the several symptoms of change. Wednesday's result showed its importance, and new we may perhaps have some general admission that a reconstruction of parties is quietly going on. It is sure to he said on the other hand that one swallow does not make a summer. We ad mit the fact, but we are anxious to show that the non - party man must see many things just now that indicate movement. The precise direction of the movement it is not the object of the present remarks to indicate. Our object is to suggest that the old parties are undergoing change, and that it is beginning upon many points and in many places. Questions of trade and taxation, of ecclesiastical uniformity, of foreign policy, and of national finance seem to be exciting men's minds in no common degree. It is not that there is very much special agitation by given bodies and parties. The absence of this agitation is the re- markable feature. The movement is spontane- *us. No one can quite say why it should have I arisen. The General election is still some distance off, and on each side there is a reluctance to frame programmes and to raise party cries. Neverthe- less, there is in each of the two great parties a con- siderable amount of discontent with the present condition of things, not only abroad but at home. There is a tendency to criticise leaders and to complain of indifferesee and of inaction. It is obvious that this is the prelude, if it be nothing else, to very considerable reorganisation in the ranks of the ordinary party politicians. There is every probability that it will grow, for the simple reason that so many circumstances are assisting in the change. Great names cease to exert any magic. Even a large majority does not ensure confidence. On the other hand, there are attacks which fail to move the people. A craving for new men and a new policy is very general. We think that this is symptomatic of extensive changes in the not remote future. Beyond this we are not prepared to go. Confessedly, we are but at the commencement of the work of disintegration, and it will go on for some time before reconstruction is visible and successful. But that serious political changes are in progress can hardly be denied by the patriotic observer.

Jr may be that the rain.. watet Supply, fall of these islands has been under the average of late. We believe it has been so. The winter rains have been deficient, and a spell of dry weather in the summer has given us a good deal of anxiety. If we have really had a deficient supply,it may very well be asked what are the causes, for some of them cannot be unknown. The situation of these is- lands favours great humidity, and the warm Gulf Stream assists. Rain is usually abundant in Ire- land and in Scotland, but it has been less abun- dant in England. Some observers attribute this deficiency to the destruction of our woods, nota- bly on the hills. If there were more systematic afforesting it would be better for us in maay ways. There would be labour to supply, there would be

fewer waste tracts, and there would be more timber for home use. Woods undoulatedly attract the rain,and the spongy soil of woods favours its reten- tion. Over-drainage runs off our rainfall into the rivers much too quickly. Woods would prevent this waste, as well as tend to avert the floods which often devastate our valleys after a few days' rain. The conservation and increase of our water suppli is a very considerable problem. The more pressing necessity is rather to utilise the supplies that we have for the benefit If an ever.. inereasing class of consumers. The large Owes are now having to go very far afield. Two or three cities have had to tap the English and Welsh lakes/. There is a project on foot to combine several townS and claim water-rights over a considerable area. This is a development we may expect to grow. Instead of unseemly rivalry we shall have frienr"

icily arliY plans _

_ co-operation, and instead of small Acts of I''

runt we shall have omnibus Acts. Only by _ like these can the large towns, remote from the lake system of these islands, make the best of the; supplies ia their immediate vicinity. It is in all cases desirable to look many years ahead: Towas grow, manufacturers become more exigent in their demands for water, cor'' porate bodies use more water in the streets, and the standard of domestic con -mar, tion tends to rise. If in addition to these increar ing requirements there is any proved tendenci to declining rainfall, the water question is one of the largest problems we have to face in connectiole With public health. Pure and abundant watee:l hs.s become a necessity of commercial life, and in attentive or obstinate local bodies will soon finti, that they cannot hope to escape from the consn quences of their blindness and folly. ObviolislY, the water supply ought to be in the hands of ditg community at large. Private bodies are out& place in this connection, and the national con.' science is getting sounder on this point every year'' The present East End water-famine in Londostl adds its painful experiences to the general body (44 argument in favour of public as apposed to privatt management and ownership.

! , i : lava— ' 3ro) masks

A most important point was raised during tbe hearing of a case at Norwich on Saturday which had been brought into the police court by the iga; spector of factories. Primarily the case is 0` interest to those engaged in the mineral watel trqde but the defence set up is of more than importance. The special rules in force in mine) water factories provide for the wearing of ma& and gauntlets by employees engaged in wiring tbd bottles—a precaution necessary in case of tb,,e, sudden busting to which such bottles are liable. was for neglecting to wear these precautionarl articles that several women were brought beforo. the magistrates. The offence was admitted, bu: Dr. Mills, who gave evidence in defence,stated tbs' the result of wearing the regulation masks was tO impair the eyesight of the workers. He had eV' &mined fifteen of the women, and found that 00 was not a single case in which the eyesight We normal after wearing the mask. General unqteacis ness of vision, loss of power to focus correctly,loo congestion of the eyelids,becoming chronic in soil! cases, were the results of wearing masks. H UC a statement be correct—and there seems no reasoh to doubt it—the remedy is worse than the disease/ and it is to be hoped the matter will receive ti' serious attention of the proper authorities.

-- One of those singular fatalities has occurila within the lan few days,which serves to empLiasi° strongly,how futile on occasion is all human Rill: thought and prescience. The sad occurrence too!: place at the Maidstone Swimming Baths,which may be added is one of the finest bathing estall- lishments in Kent. The unusual heat was resell- Bible for a large number of visitors at the Three brothers named Thortiton—all sehoolb°c. of went to the baths, and the youngest,eight Yea" age who could not swim, was missed Or half a° hour,by his brother. The superintendent was in' formed and diving was carried on for nearly sa hour. The water not being clear, seeing banes' it was impossible,but the body was ultimatel• covered from the deepest part of the bath. first thought is why did not the attendants nst the lad? Yet, further consideration shows bn unlikely it that one hither would be missw4 amongst such a considerable number. Yet to tht swimmers themselves no suspicion of the drisa fatality occurred, though they must have be's', constantly passing over the lifeless body of at poor fellow. What a fate! Drowning amidst those swimmers. Death, amidst such vigorew life. What a fine line divides the improbable WO ; the possible

benestb Niy re' oceo

Even in this age of education and enlightenmeo one hears of cases of such ignorance and narrol;f • d mm edness,as forcibly reminds one of the PageB,4 Sir Waiter Scott's novels; and which one wou, expect to meet with, only, in the most isolated rer gions of Asia or darkest Africa. Yes Somerset b 0 enjoyed the doubtful privilege of having a witeb doctor, who has fostered their superstition--Pf ignorance—(which is probably the truest word) and "cast out devils" for his West Country client* in a wholesale manner. The man seems to hil! been quite alive to the pecuniary advantages of 110 business, for his fee for a consultation was half-A' guinea. His power was requested chiefly on W half of sick children and cattle, and this imagidgf tive individual has been committed to prison f,of two raonths, where he will, at least, have the astir faction of using his powers on his own behalf.

The position of the new Viocination Act should delight lawyers and casuists. Mr. Curtis Bennett' the London police magistrate, has practically dared it inoperative, and it was not intendo" that tie whole of the Act should come into operV tion till the new year. In applicant at th. Maryleb one Court told the magistrate that he dr sired to make an affidavit of his conscientious Oir jection to the vaccination of his child, und° Section 2, which has become law already. Bennett pointed out that according to the police magistrates in petty sessions had power .t° take the affidavit,but unfortunately London pollee magistrates do not sit in petty sessions! again, Mr. Bennett declared that even withetl' that difficulty he could by no possible meal° satisfy himself that the applicant had any CO. scientious objection to vaccioation—even a magw„ trate cannot see the workings of a conscience, the X rays or otherwise. Mr. Curtis Bennetti objections are on the face of them quite serious 0, justifiable. But they mean that without amen"' ment the Act is dead. What will probably We is that Boards of Guardians, aided this time 91. judicial authorities, will interpret the satot according to individual taste and fancy. But 01 did that without any Act, and all this time at' passion and heat has been expended vainly.

[ The intricate problem in conduct raised by 011 shocking accident in the Ortler Range is stj agitating the minds of mountaineers and ethic,„'' experts. The general opinion seems to be that I cutting the rope which sent his brother to certio" death the young Kotula committed an opprobrioo [ act. Without doubt there are hundreds of MO who, when they saw their companion disappei° and knew that they too must follow unless WI cut the rope which bound them together, vrotva have elected to share death with their friend. A% there would have been laudatory notices in bet papers and a double grief for the relatives ; be., what good would have hem accomplished, in art) sense of the term ? We should be sorry to sio that a secret craving after a picturesque net% commendable death would be at the back of sucPe, sacrifice, yet after all that is the one tangible !, suit achieved. It has been said that by cutticlik the rope which bound him to his brothe r 0.3! young mountaineer became a murderer, since practically ended his brother's life some momoot3r, before it would have been ended by Pure But the contention cuts two ways. Had he accide...'e

iii" ver• wss

kel. 1,0 res.

idll rlia- Eans the tha au eact lore car- iftg, saa- nq 5 of

,co, ,ra,

tio IR,IO in- ot itet

erl iO3 re' ok

19. of a- tb

===== 0002601_18980826_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

I

===== 0002601_18980826_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
I

t'clown the crevasse with his brother, Kotula would uay.e been infringing a moral law which is just as ringent as the law against homicide. A man nas no right to throw away his life for a useless turPose and as Kotula could not have saved his inro.ther in any case his own duty was to live. fls is the practical view, and may not commend Irlelf to sentimentalists; and probably it nevor !111, for in such a crisis men seldom act according r, generally accepted dogmas, but according to 44e instantaneous promptings of their physical I.lad moral nature at the moment when a decision 1.3 called for.

• Warrington is particularly fortunate in having 4good postal service and for this the inhabitants iere indebted to the excellent postmasters who have °esti appointed to the district. The collection end distribution of letters in the borough are ,haracterised by commendable promptitude' and It is not every town that is so favoured as to have ,teliveries of letters each week-day as is the case in ;Torrington. Increased facilities have gradually ,ssen provided for the suburbs, and one of the latest to benefit from them is groat Sankey. At the meeting of the Parish Council for this town- -Bhip on Monday evening a letter was read from uae Warrington Postmaster intimating that he had made arrangements for an additional delivery ,kid collection daily. The extention will no doubt !!`,• a great boon to the inhabitants, and it may be described as a parting gift from Mr. West, the Postmaster. It is now generally known that he is very shortly to leave the district for Sunderland, aua although his stay in Warrington has been of short duration, Mr. West will carry with him the good wishes of many inhabitants for success in his extended sphere of usefulness.

The committee of the Women's Liberal Associa- tion are once more to be congratulated on the sue- ,c.css of their annual picnic. They are a plucky little body, and deserve to b. e supported and en- couraged as much as possible. They cater more for the educational, material,. and (shall we say?) Political advancement of their .members than do ' the officials of the Liberal Association. By means 0. f public meetings, good speakers, a social gather- ing and dance in the winter, and a picnic in the summer, they do a good deal towards furthering i the cause of Liberalism n the town, and creating a feeling of" good fellowship" among themselves and friends. We would like to have seen a fairer sprinkling of the un-fair sex at the picnic last week, when the members journeyed to Rostherne and Bollington for their annual outing.

regrettable incident occurred in connection With the burial of the railway employ 6 named John William Green, who met with such a shocking 4th last Friday week.At the inquest his name was rela as" William Green " and it so appeared on burial certificate issued by the Coroner. Pre- '44r4tions were made for the funeral on Wed- but several officious persons interfered r'u told the relations of the deceased that the ;.1-Irkeral could not take place until the burial order "ad been amended by the Coroner. The result ,as that the body was not buried until the follow- day,and the position of the distressed relatives CP. be better imagined than described. In ad- dition to the inconvenience sustained, it was very n, advisable to keep the body another day seeing hat the accident occurred on the preceding riday—six days previously. The Coroner when ,requested to amend the burial order was surprised beyond measure that the burial had not taken Place, and gave forcible expression of his feelings respecting the action of the individuals who were to blame. It appears that the burial order could lust as well have been amended after the burial as Uefore it.

1. _The various authorities in the neighbourhood having a gp at the noxious perfumes which pr-°cst the town on almost every hand. For the g„,esent, we presume, the Town Council has :44ed with Sankey Brook, and will merely °Wait developments from St. Helens. But another champion has entered the field. The Rural Dis- trict Council has discovered that it possesses some proprietary right over a portion of the stream,with 1241 its attendant smells and rainbow colourings. Being quite innocent of contributing to the trouble,the District Council feels equal to tackling Sankey Brook with a free hand. Already it has decided to make a few investigations on the quiet, and report to the County Council. In the course of the discuFsion on the subject recently the temark was let fall that Sankey Brook was much /torso below Lonclord, than above that salubrious area. What do Councillors Burton and Plumpton about this? It is not the pleasantest thing '4nthe world to have to wait eighteen months be- tore St. Helens will cease to pollute the stream, Ind the state of affa4r3 is worsened considerably if, ft the same time, a considerable effluent from Zongford is to add its quota to the volume of Pollution which defileb the brook and the surround- tag atmosphere.

It is sometimes necessary that we should see fkirselves as others see us. From an article which Peered in a recent issue of" The New York Ilvening Post" it appears that there has been, if 'were is:not at the present time" a chiel amang ye %az kill' notes." In the article alluded to, it 4 which we believe we can trace the • nd of a journalist who claims Warrington !'14,, his home, the writer points out that ',Ole matter of street cars Warrington stands to- CI where she did a century ago. The accusation fqtrlie if by street cars the writer means trams, or Ze use of electrical traction as a means of loco- 440tion, But on the other hand the introduction ../the omnibus for the conveyance of passengers at ...""ap fares is certainly an improvement z_lPOll the methods in vogue a century ago, and 46,i practically speaking, a modern in stitution .111 the town seeing that its inauguration does not ;tate back more than a dozen years. The stumb- ling block to the introduction of tramcars is the Aarrowness of the streets for which our ancestors are responsible. The Local Government Board refuse to grant an order for the tramways unless the width of the streets is 601 t. As some time Irtust elapse before the principal streets can be Inside to fulfil this requirement, the reproach res- Pecting the absence of street-cars must remain a stending one for many years to come. THE ASSAULT UPON I lIE POLICE IT • RUNCORN. RECOGNITION OF GALLANP SERVICE. At the Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday, pier to tC Ordinary business being taken up, before Messrs. o▪ tartry Reynolds and John Ockleston, an interesting pre- 'gestation took place when the Chairman, on behalf of taut Police, presented Mr. James Lea, High-streat, and 4112. Charles+ Harris, manager at Mr. Tyler's, Bridge- street, with brautifully silver-mounted pipes in recogni- tion of their services rendered during the recent assault tiPort the police at Runcarn. Superintendent Okell said they would remember the Circumstances the other week, when two men were ought up charged with assaulting the police, and the uifficulty they had in dealing with them. They were Aopr anxious to display their appreciation of the valuable °Arista:am rendered by Dr. McDougall, and Mesirs. Lea *fld Harris, by making them a small present of the P.laes, which had been subscribed for by the local pol ce. +tready he had tendered them the hearty thanks of their Chief Constable, Colonel Hammtrsley (who had written to him asking him to do so), and now he would ask the chairman (on their behalf) to make the presentation .to fir, Lea and Mr. Harris, At the same time he expressed cue sorrow that there was a hostile crowd present on the coasion, and at the attitude they bad taken up. The Itten were not natives of Runcorn, which was a matter Or congratulation ; and he hoped to have som..thing for the protection of the public should they ever be ia the tosition of the police. (Bear, hear.) The Chairman (Mr. Reynolds) said: It Is a very Illeaaant duty I have to perform. The palice are to be Trigratuiated upon the way they always perform their ,m.iltY• Still it was the duty of every good citivm to help • a police whenever they saw that they were being oughly handled. I have been mired to present these tries, subscribed for by the police, to Mr. Lea and Mr. arris, and in doing so I have very great pleasure, for was a plucky thing for them to come to the help of es police in such a Reheat manner. Mr. Lea said that he was pleased to accept the pipe, 441 was only sorry that it had been necessary to render tissistance; at the same tinvi he felt he did not deserve it. Mr. Harris said words could not express his feelings. 7:Le had d,me nothing more thb.n his duty to his fellow On, if he had done that. He thanked them for the -,ncisoine presents. tie pio.s were bsautiful silver mounted briars, in with fine mnrkal amber mouthpieces, and were **ally tangible evidence of genuine appreciation.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
I

RUN fiORN AND WIDNES.

COUNTY COURT. On Tuesday, at the Court House, Runcorn, His Honour Judge Wynne Fioalkes, hell the usnal County Court haring. Th4re was no aopiication or business of importance transacted, and the court rose after a short sitting. AN OLD OFFENDER SENT TO JAIL. Alice Han:ipso° charge.' on remand, on Friday. before blesses. John Ockleston and F J Norman, for disorderly behayimar in Waterloo-tea 1, on the 17th just, was sen- tenced to three months hard labour.

PARISH CHUHCH SUNDAY SCHOOL. Wednesday afternoon saw the members of the above Sunday school enjoying themselves with various amuse- ments on the hills at Frodsham, the occasion being the annual Sunday school trip. The scholars who were ac- companied by their ministers and teachers numbered about 1,000 and had a most enjoyable day.

RUNCORN FOOTBALL SPORTS. We understand tut the profit from this venture has this year realised £ll, whicn is a very satisfactory mar- gin° when the state of the weather and the general un- favourable condition of things on the days the spode were held are taken into consideration. SKOP BREAKING AT WIDNES. James Broadhurst (19), John Howard (16), and Thomas Carroll (20), labourers, were indicted at the Liverpool County Sessions on Tuesday,for having broken into the shop of Hannah Mather, at Widnes, on the sth August, an !stolen a quantity of tobacco, tins of salmon, and other property. Broadhurst and Howard pleaded guilty. Carroll pleaded not guilty, but he was convicted by the jury. He and Broadhurst were sent to jail for two months, end Howard for one month. Mr. Formby appeared for the prosecution. FORESTERS' DEMONSTRATION AT WIDNES. Saturday was the day recorded as tie annual walking day of the Grand United Order of Foresters, of Widnes. The cornpaiv paraded Albert-road. Widnes-road, and Victoria-road, a halt being made at Mr. T. Gerrard's in the latter read. Subsequently a retura was male to the Horns Inn, where an excellent dinner was served up by Mr. Twigg, the landlord. Toe processionists were attired in their respective robes and badges, and these, in the brilliant rays of the sun, presented quite a prely spec- tacle.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RUGBY F. C.

On TueadaY night the me.inbers of Cho Runcorn Foot- ball Club turned out for their best practice, before a Alf Taylor, Dick Lightfoot, Sam Walker. michael Thran, J. VVillams, J. Cheaters. sll32:ultele car wr;owe rytd,h" , W. Gaytor, all of whom showed fair and appear none the worse for their long rest dur- Woods, J. Jail". form, lag the close season. The first match is against Wigan, at Wigan, ou the 3rd of September. Bo v DROWNED WHILE BATHING' IN THE SHIP CANAL. On Thuraday morning James Owen, a little boy aged residing with his parents at 21, South Bank was bathing in the Ship Canal by 12 yeare, with some companions, when he mud- FTeerrrryacrie.2lt,ilanirnrgno denly got out of his depth and sank. The police were communicated with and dragging opetatious immedi- ately commenced with a view to the recovery of the body, which had not bee found up to the time of writ- ing. The parents of the child were very much distreFsed at the mad calamity which occurred within sight of the front windows of their house. TERRORISING lIER HUSBAND.

At the Runcorn Police Court. Rose Ann Scott, charged with being drunk and disorderly in Heath-road, on the 113th inst, was on Friday, sent to gaol for 21 days with hard labour.—The snagistiates were Messrs. F. J. Norman, and J, Ockleston.—Acting-Sergeant Bourne proved the ease. The prisoner was a violent-tempered womau,and bad been on the spree for the last fortnight. During the drinking bouts she thought nothing of ter- rorising her husband, who had been obliged to sleep in a stable on account of her conduct. He saw her pick up three stones sue of which she had thrown at her hus- band.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIS NRW:VicAR Me WIDNES.

The post of vicar of WoiTse-s,-;aC;t-e-i-b-y. the appoint- ment of the Rev. W. Hodgson, M.A.. to Emmanuel Church, Evertors, has been accepted by tie Rev.Chsrles t. Stocks, 11. A.. curate-in-charee of St. Simon and St. Jude's Church, Southport. The living, which is of the tress value of £330, the district having a p Tutation of is in the gift.as trustees, of Messrs. T.S.Timmis, Heaco H. n,J. Brook, J. Pilkington,and Brunner. 1119.:0y0vstdeeks, who was a student of Owens College, Man- chester, and afterwards of Christ College, Cansbridi.e, , graduated B.A. in 1890, obtaining a second class in the classical tripos, and in 1892 was placed in the second class of the theological tripos,procesdine to M.A. in 1894. Be was ordained in 1892 by Bish Is Royston (for the Bishop of Liverpool), and priest the following year by the Bishop of Liverpool. His first curacy was at St. Leonard's, Boatle,under Canon Denton Thompson. with whom he went as senior curate to Sruthport in 1894. CHER= PARADE AT RUNCORN.

On Sunday, the Runcorn detachment of the 2nd Esrl Cheshire Volunteer Battalion, attended divine service at the Parish Church. The .fcer in command were C 'tenet Ashton, Captain George Ashton, Major Harrison (Frorisham), and Lientenatr. Manrim. A opitsl dis- course was delivered by the Rev. UAZIOR Maitland Wood, founded on the words "God be merciful to me a sinner" Luke xviii., 11. Referring to the Spanish-american war the preacher, drew a graphic pleura of the American Fleet, waiting outside the harbour of Santiago for the fleet of Admiral Carrera, and of their determination to destroy it, for they were at war, and if they failed to totally destroy them they themselves would have been destroyed. Al soldiers, his hearers would understand him, when he said that they were, in their calling as Christians, engaged in a deadly war with sin, which they would have to utterly destroy before they could ex- peck a battle to cease. Upon their return to the armoury the men were highly complimentsd upon their efficient turnout by the officers in command .

SIOCKING DROWNING FATALITY AT MOM. On Friday morning an inquest was hold by Mr. S. Brighouse at the Widnes Police Court, ea the body of Patrick Murphy, who met his death by drowning. Mr. T. Lowe was the foreman of the jury.—John Murphy stated that his son (deceased)was aged 28 years. He was a chemical labourer, and resided with him.—Thomas Houghtonjoiner at Pilkington's works,esid the deceased was a fellow labourer at the sulphate plant. About two o'clock on Wednesday last, the deceased left his work. and witaess believed he also left the yard. Hi retarned about four o'clock, and witness noticed that he had had some drink. They had finished the particular work on which they had been engaged, and witness was return,. leg to the shop,when the deemed said be would go and have a swim in the canal. Witness told him not to ge and followed him ia order to persuade him to desist.but he stfipped and jumped in. He swam for about 140 yards, when he said to witness," I will show you a fresh trick." He attempted to turn over on his back, hut immediately sank, and did not ries again. An alarm was raised by witness, and efforts were made to rose wer the body. A young man, named William Battersby. dived into the canal twice, bat failed to find the de- ceased. Draggitg was commenced, but this was unat- tended with success. Eventually, a man named John Riley dived into the eanal,and succeeded in bringing the lussly to the surface, from a part where the water was about seven feet deep.—A verdict of " Aecidentsl death " was returned, the jury expressing their syns- pithy with the relatives.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBBING A. FATHER, AF FRODSHAII.

At the Police Court, Frorlehant, 012 Wednesday after- noon, before Messrs. A. Thimas (presiding) and John Oekleston, Edmund Warmer Cob, aged 15. was brought up charged with the larceny of £5 2s. the property of Edwin Cob, his father, at Alvanley, on the 22nd of August. —George Spruce. aged 16 years, of the same locality, was also brought up on a charge of receiving 7s. of the money knowing it to be stolen property.— Prosecutor said on the Sunday he barl £5 2s. in a cash box, which was kept in a che,t in his bedroom. On the following day he missed it, and suspected that his eon had taken it. He gave imlormatien to the police.—Mrs. Cob (prosecutor's wife) said that on th. Monday morn- ing she called the prisoner up at seven e'clook and asked him to get his breakfast. He said that he did not want any.Subsequently:he left thehouse taking his dinner with him as if going to his work,About 11 o'clock she went up stairs for the purpose of making the beds; and had occa- sion to disturb the clothes in the ci-est. She then dis- covered that the box was gone. She searched the room but could not find it. When her huiband came in they made a second search but could not find the box. After- wards she went to look for prisoner at the works but he was not there, so she came to the conclusion that he had gone off. On coming back to the house she searched her son's room and underneath the bed she found the money box broken open and the money gone. Acting Sergeant Yung stat ad, at 8 p.m. on Tuesday night he apprehended the prisoner in Dunhatu-oth-Hill and brought him to the Pollee station at Frodsham. On chargieg him he admitted the offence.—Prisoner pleaded guilty.—The father said that he did not wish to press the ease.Hia son had been a good lad up to a few months ago, and he thought that his son was being led astray by others.—The balance of the tnonev £2 03 dd had been handed over.—Sergeant Young further stated that the prisoner's father had told him that the boy had previ- ously stolen several half sovereigns—The charge against Spruce was then gone into.—Sergeant Young said he in answer to the charge said" Yes, I knew it was stolen."—Cob pleaded guilty, and stated that they both went to Fredsham Station and took tickets for Liverpool. Some days previously Spruce hid asked him about going to Liverpool, and witne,s said that he had no money. At the same time he told him there was some in his father's box and be would get that. He then arranged with Spruce to pay expenses and both would go to Liverpool. George Spruce, who also pleaded guilty said that the money the prisoner had was £4 12s. 6d. He knew the money was stolen. The Bench bound the priaonerl over to come up for judgment when called upon, and warned them that if such actions were repeated they would be severely dealt with.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY. AUGUST 26, I'4lB

SOUTHPORT ELECTION. -- GREAT LIBERAL VICTORY. LANCASHIRE AND LORD SALISBURY'S POLICY. Wednesday was the polling day in Southport Division to fill the vacancy caused in the Parlia- mentary representation by the retirement of the Hon. G. N. Curzon, en his appointment to the Vice- royalty of India. On the whole the day peeled off very quietly in the Southport Division. Indeed, in the morning, when the peoples had gone into Liver- pool and Blanchester and Wigan for the day's busi- ness there was something approaching stagnation. One feature about the election has been the entire absence of window cards, which are generally too common. On the other hand, almost everybody, male and female, an I including the dogs and horses sported the party colors. Of these the bright scar- let of the Liberal party was decidedly preleminant in the northern part of the division. In Southport itself the proportion was three or four to one. Young ladies had their bicycles decorated with scarlet ribbons. The butcher's boy and the milkman as they drove along had Sir Herbert's colors in their caps, and a good many of the visitors who came in for the day showed their political predilections in the same way; and even in the southern part of the division the overflowing preponderance of the Toryism which had been noticed in 1895 and 1892 had evidently passed away,and the Liberal workers were more than satisfied with the way matters were going But still the election was quiet, as indeed it was likely to be, seeing that the bulk of the electors live in long rows of villas which skirt Southport and Birkdale and Great Crosby and Waterloo. And as for the trippers, they succumbed to the blandishrn,nts of the enterprising restaurant keepers. I had luncheon on the day of the election wri as a " Deily Chronicle" representative, with some men whe had corns over :nem Manchester to vote. They were Liberal Uaio iiate who had supported Mr. Curzon at three previous elections. This time they would vote for Sir Herbert and on conversation I gathered something of what was going on. "I doet be- lieve," said one,"that the Geverament will hold a single seat in Manchester at the next election. You see, we have completely lost our trade with Madagascar. I know this because I am intimately cennected with the shipping of bdanchester goods there. I know how ter- rible the lose his been. 'Then we are threatened with the loss of our trade in the Far East as well." "And do you think,"l aeleed,"Mr.Holden has many followers?" "Of course e has," replied my informant. " A man ' like that is bound to have weight," and I can quite be- lieve that statement, for, as it happens, I saw Mr. Holden and I could at once tell that he was a strong man 'in every sense of the word. ‘: My firm," said Mr. Holden, "makes 300 miles of calico in a week, and we know something about whet Lord Salisbury has done for Lancashire. I can tell you that the state of affairs has become most serious. My firm has six mills, and we have never sent a yard to Madagascar since the the French beve had possession of the island. lam the chairman of three companies, the vice-chairman of one, and a director of three others, so th at I claim to know something about Lancashire trade." "Then you would not have much time re act as a county magistrate." I said,referring to the Liberal Unionist reply to Mr. Holden's is ter" Well, it does not look much like it," hesaid. "As a matter of fact I have not the slightest desire for any such appointment. I may tell you that lately I have been entirely out of sympathy with the Tory party, and I have offered to resign three times,but my people would not let me. As a matter of fact there is no Liberal Unionist party in the Southpert division. Some have drifted over to the Tories and others have Coale back to the Liberals. The Liberal Unionists have had no organ- isation in the division since the last election. All the work hag been done by the Conservatives, and towards that work I have given time and money in the past without stint,but you may take it from me," continued Mr. Hold 12, "that Earn not the only one in Lancashire who is tired of the present Government, and that they will find out when the next election comes. Personally, I should like to see Lord Rosebery at the Foreign Office again,but anyhow we want a change of some kind. We Can't go one as we are to-dey. Foreign aff tire have never been so badly managed as they have been during the past three years." The Liberal candidate and Lade Naylor-Leyland left their temporary residence soon after eight o'clock in the morning, and mede a tour of the committee rooms at Birkdale, kinsdale, Formby, Crosby, 'arid Waterloo, returning to Southport in the afternoon, and spending the rest of the day in the bormgh. The Conservatives slowed nothing like the energy of their opponents Lord Skehnorsiale was e Inge I during the forenoon in South- port, and visited the seuthern nortions of the constitu- ency afterwards. Of election literature they displayed but little. The electors were urged to vote for Lord Skelmersdale because the Ceneervative party was the friend of the working man, and to ensure " peace, pro- gress, and prosperity." As the afternoon wore on the exc'tmentin Southport increased. Sir Herbert and Lady Neyl 'r-Leyland drove up to the Central Committee Room about six o'clock, when they had a tremendous reception from the greet crowd that had gathered. RESULT OF THE POLL. The result of the polling was announced as follows :- 8;r H. Naylor•Leyland (1.) Lord Skelmersdale (U)

Liberal majority 272 By corm:wing Ur. ristilt with tie figwes in 1895 (given bqlnve), it will be seen thi c th ire is a Liberal gain of 1,038 votes. Previous e'rritions have resulted as fol'evs :- 1885. 1891 Pllkington (L) 3,741 Ctrzin (C) ............... 4,132 Edwards-Moss (0)

Liberal Majority. 16) - Con. majority ....... 583 1889. 1895. Curzon (0) Pilkington (L) Con. majority - Con. majority 764 As goon as it was known that the Liberal candidate had been returned, Mr. Holden got up on the balcony of the Town Hall and called for cheers for Sir Herbert, which were given wit.) tremendous enthusiasm. Tnere was an enorme as crewd outside the row° Hall, and the figures were declared about half-past &even. As soon as the figures were known there wag a great scene, and everybody seemsd to be skaking hands with everybody else. Sir Herbert Naylor-Leyland, M.P.. addressed his sup- porters from the steps of the !Town Hall, He thanked them most sincerely for having returned him as the first Liberal member for the Southport Division since 1888 This was not a party victory. He and his supporters had told the electors during the fight that the foreign interests of the country had been grossly neglected and the mercantile interests as well. (Cheers.) The electors had endorsed these opinions most emphatically. (C 'seers). This emotion w-uid do a great deal to shake the present Government. (Cheers,) Lancashire MA always looked upon as the most intelligent part of the country, and its opinion to-day was that of the whole country to- morrow. (Cheers.) The new member cooclud•d by thanking his opens ints for the court3sy they had ex- tended to him during the snidest. Lord Skelmersdale said a few words to his supporters at the Conserve.lve Club. SIR H. NAYLOR LEYLAND INTERVIEWED. After the declaration of the poll, the suecssiful candi. date was interviewe d by Pees represent Itives. The following is the " Daily Chronicle " representative's account : “Flow do you account for yo 1r magnificent vielso^y ?" isl pot the disgust of Lancashire with the Govern- ment's foreign policy in the firit place," was the new Member's reoly. " People have very little ides of the rave and disgust with whila the electors in the North regard the muddle which Lord Salisbury has male 9 • and here I might 847 that you newspaper men have been rather too hard upon us in this respect. You seem to write as though we thought about nothing else be,ide our trod'. Of course we are anxious to do the b st we can w.t's our mannfactures, bit we think more about the empire than our manufactures. Tee he nole had re- sponded to all the calls w oich the Governmeot had made upon them for the defences of the country without a murmur, but they do strongly ohj sct t see event British intereet sacrificed in China and elsewhere, as though England were only a third or fourth rate power." " And does this feeling ex,end beyond the rank' of the Liberal party in Sou' hpo.t ?" " Undoubt 3nly it does," said Sir Herbert. " I have received the support not only of the regular members of the party in the c matiruenoy but of many Cons rvative and Liberal Unionists as well,who have put th^i, country before party. Indeed. Southpert is a constitufmcy which anybody might be proud to repres mat, for it includes amongst its electorate the names of some of the shrewd- est and most hard-headed men in this great c inn`ry." " And what do you put after foreign pod-ics ?" " The land questio3," was the reply. " Yu have already given my program of land reform. It is 4 very important qqestion, and now that I sin returned you may be sire that I shall do my best to get it carried into effect. I believe that the happiness and welfare of the coontry depends to a lugr extent upon the proper and judicious reform of the Land Laws. Then," wa- tinned Sir Herbert" I undoubtedly owe something to the Liberal Unionists who have come over to help me. The absurdity of the things that have been said about Mr. Holden has beers shown by to-night's result. His decision had great weight, and I can assure you he is typical of many hundreds of other Liberal Unionists whe have retained their Liberalism. Although they are op- posed to Rome Rule, they have grows tired of support- ing a Government which, wnilst Outraging every prin- ciple of Liberalism in its home policy,has grossly neglec- ted to maintain the interests of the country abroad. And, finally,', continued Sir Herbert °' something must be said abut the 1.4b1r41 organisatien. Mr. Keith Durham, Li'eral agent, has been working hard for three years with the res sits that you have just heard declare].

And:then during the election I have had a splendid fora of helpeas from all parts of the country. Altogether it has been a great victory, and the precursor of litany mere in Lancashire wnen the country gets the oppor- tunity of pronouncing an opinion. Igo to Parliament as a Liberal pledged to support the Liberal program ia its entirety. I have made it clear that I sin as much in favor of Home Rule as I was in 1895, and I look forward to the time when we shall have a Ministry progressive in home affairs, whilst directing foreign affairs with prudence and yet with firmness and skill. Captain Sir Herbert Scarisbrick Naylor•Levland, of Hyde Park House, Albert-gate, S.W., and Lexclen-park, Colchester, who thus succeeds in capturing the seat vacated by the Right Hon. George N. Curzon's appoint- ment to the Viceroyalty of India, which seat he had held sines 1886,1 e the only son of the late Colonel Tom Naylor- Leyland, of Nantelwyd, Denbighshire, by his marriage with Mary,only daughter of the late Mr. Charles Scaris- brick,of Scarisbrick and Wrightington, Lancashire. Hs was born on January 24, 1864, and was educated at the Royal Military College,Sandburst, entering the 2nd Life Guards in August 1882, and becoming a captain in Jan. 1891. He retired in June 1895, since when he has been on the Reserve of officers list. He is a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and of the Zoological So- ciety. In 1889 he married Jane,second daughter of Mr. William Satan Chamberlain,of Cleveland, 0hi0,11.5., and in 1895 received the honour of a baronetcy. At the general election of 1892 Captain Naylor-Leyland was elected in the Conservative interest for Colchester, and represented that constituency until February 1895,when, changing his political opinions and besoming a Liberal and Home Ruler,he resigned his seat. At the following general election in July he contested this division against Mr. Curzon, and was badly beaten. He is the sixtieth new Member returned to the present House' and his election upon this occasion is a gain of a seat to the Op- position, counting two votes en a division.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[Br A COILRENPaNDENr] Once again, we have to sound a chord in the minor key, in calling attention to the sad circum- stances attending the death of the little boy, Owen, who was drowned in the Ship Canal at Runcorn,on Thursday morning. It seems useless calling the at- tention of everyone to the danger of bathin4 there, for the very fact of danger ssems to have a facina- tion. Now it is high time to prohibit the practice, until something is done to make it safe for the little ones to resort there.

The champions of a certain "baths schemennatur- ally are disposed to think, that if they had been listened to not only this life, but numerous other lives, would have been saved. Possibly ! But I think that had their scheme been more reasonable, and not so magnificent; if, for instance, they had championed a more homely scheme, there would have been little or no opposition, so that, somehow or other, it can be made to work out that they have been a bit of a stumbling block themselves.

The football season is approaching and next Sat- urday (S ptember 3rd) sees the "bill 'a rolling." The Rune )rn team have been practicing on Tues- day and Thursday night, and show considerable form. Butterworth for all his years of play does not seem to diminish in vigour, and if S Houghton, C4ll be relied on for his usual share, Wigan will find that Runcorn have still a back bone to contend with, when they meet them on the 3rd at Wigan.

Still the Runeornians of the Present day cannot be expected to' run 'em off" straight off the reel, as the club is now paPsing Virougii a very critical stage, they having decided, as I mentioned the other week, to go in for orofesiionalism. After the practice on Tuesday quite n pleasant reunim was held, and the members siein to be on very good terms with tha management.

This week the coroner cpmmented very strongly on the danger of feedinzchildren in an injudicious manner, remarking that it was a practice far too prevalanr, and one that was worth more than a --ing thought.

The local police force have recognised in a really tangible manner, the civilians that assisted them in the skuffla the other day, which after all shows that the' policeman" has a heart, and a large one too, quite capable of human action. I believe that now that some of the " hostile crowd" have been made to see things in the right, light, they aCO a hit ashamed of themselves. And on the next occasion they will,andoubtedly, display a readiness Co assiet rather than hinder the police.

--- On Saturday last, the members of the Parish Church Choir (men) went for an outing. The place visited was the celebrated potteries at Afinton,where an instructive afternoon was Front.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL FALL DOWNSTAIRS AT RUNCORN.

- SAD DEATH OF A PUBLICAN'S WIFE. Oa Saturday afterecon, at the Runcorn Coon S., Police Station, before Mr. J. E Worsley, oroner, an inquest was held on the b ady of Mrs. Selina Ellison, wife of Mr. Allred Ellison, land'osd of the Man at the Wheel,Church- street, who met with her death from the !- salt of a fall downstairs on the previous TueeSay m >ruing. Mr. Alfred Ellison. husband of the deceased, Bested that his wife was 27 years of ago, and had been ailing for the last two years. Dr. idcLennon hid been attend- ing her for some time. OR Monday they went 0 South- port, returning at a qearter past tea. Prior t) eleven decrased asked for a glass of beer which he got for her. Subeequently they retired to bei, but about three o'clock the following morning he was awakened by h's wire shaking him. She asked if she could have a battle of ginger beer. H 9 told her she could, and asked if she could fetch it herself, to which she replied "Yea ',and went downstairs to fetch it. Immediately afterwards witness heard a fall ; and on going de viestaire, he fund that his wife had had a fit. He carried her upstairs and Put her into bed, and she cam) round again in a short time. Witness got up about seven o'cloak, and his wife came down about an hour later, appearing to be all right. and set about ths preparation of the breakfast. Witness,the servant, and an assistant were doing the work downstairs, sad heard the deceased fall. They went to her assistance and foaled that she had fallen over the bread mug and injured her eye. She was in a !elating eondition,and witn ss sent for the doctor. In the meantime, they bathed the injured eye, but thought it bast not to move her until the doctor ar- rived. When the doctor arrived,in compliance with his orders they put her in bed, and about tea o'clock she seemed to recover. She subsequently bad her dinner in bed. In the afternoon his wife was injured through falling downs'airs. He again gent for the &a:ter, and subsequently further medical assistance was obtained. The deceased, however, succumbed to her injuries about ten minutes past eleven on Thursday night. Tha s'airs of the house were a very awkward indeed. Toey hsd lived in that house ever since their marriage ten years age. Hannah Brannan, domestic servant, said that she had been employed at the Man at The Wheel for five years. The last witness had had the fever 12 months ago, and since then he had been subject to fits. He had had fits as many as five and six times a day. Thera had seareely been a day that he had been free from them except the last law days. The deceased had also been troubled with hysterical fits. There was no quarrel- ling between the husband and wife, who lived very friendly together. On Tuesday afternoon the last wit- ness bad a fit in the yard, and witness went upstairs , for some pillews.The deseased was in bed,and her dinner r was on a chair at the side. She saw wham take the Ipillows and run downstairs. Witness had only just pat the pillows under Mr. Ellison's bead when she heard crash of something falling downstairs. See went into , the house and found the deemed at the bottom of the stairs. She appeared to have struck her head against an iron pillar at the bettom of the staircase. She never regained censciousness. Deceased, she suppose, must have cone straight out of bed after her. The stairs were very awkward, and there was no handrail.-1 Juror : They are the most awkward stairs I ever caw in my life. —The Coroner: To whom does the house belong.—A Jurer : Messrs. Wadrer. Dr. James Samuel Watson. L.R.C.P.S. Ireland, said he was at present acting as locum greens for Dr. IdeLen- non,and had been attending Mr.Ellisoa for fits. He had had mild attacks almost every day. Witruss had never attended the desetsed prior to Tuesday last. He saw the deceased after she had had her first fall and subsequen- tly aft-r the fall downstairs. She was not unconscious after the first fall, and was able te get into bed without assistance. On the second occassion he fund her un- conscioue. On examination, he found no external injuries to the head beyond the one he had seen in the morning, viz., the bruise close to the left eye. There were other bruises about the body, legs and arms, and he was of opinion that the fall downstairs would be sufficient to account for those bruisee. He last saw her Wive shortly before nine o'clock on Thursday evening. She was then sinking fast. It was his opinion that death was due to brain injury, caused by the fall downstairs. As in all probability the injury was at the base of the brain the injury would not show externally. The servant told witness that she round deceased huddled up at the foot of the steins. The stairs were most inoonvenient and a nerves like the deceased, being alarmed at something, might easily fall down.—The 'jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death."—The Canner suggested that it would be an excellent thing if a hand rail could be pro- vided for the stairs. From what he knew of Messrs. Walker he felt sure the matter would receive attention if it was brought under their notice.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DANGER OF OVER FEEDING.

SUDDEN DEATH OF A CHILD AT RUNCORN.

On Wednesday morning, at the Court House,Runoorn• an inquest was held by Mr. J. E Wersley, coroner,touch- ing the death of John Waring, infant child of Mary Jane Waring, of 3, Robsrt-street, Halton-rsad, Runcorn, who died from convulsions whilst in his mother's arms on Tuesday morning. Mary Jane Waring, single woman, 3, Robert-street, Halton-road, Runcorn, said the deceasei was her son aged 17 months. Since birth he had been a healthy child. She found him to bo ill on Tuesday morning about 4 o'clock. She noticed that he was strange whilst in bed, and she thought he had a fit. She got up, and brought him downstairs with the intention of going to the doctor's ; but before she got far she found that he was dead in hr arms. She intended going to the first doctor she could ; but turnel back when she found the child dead.—By the Coroner : Which doctor did you intend going to see.--Witness : Dr. McDougall. Dr. Finlay McDougall said that he had never attended the child. He made an external examination of the body after death and questioned the mother, whose evidence he had just heard. He considersd the cause of death ;o be convulsions. She had been giving the Chid bread and butter, w'fich was too strong a fool for it. It was a well-cared for child, and probably the convul- sions would be brought on by injudicious feeding as for instance giving such a tender child" bread and butter" when it had very little power of digesting it. It was a custom that was far too prevalent. The Coroner, in summing up, said that parents should be very carPful in f oeding children of such tender ago. It was not the first time that such a case had been before him, and he hoped that it would be a warning to people to be more careful in such t•Anzs in the future.--,1 ver- dict of " Death from natural causes, due ta convulsions brought on by the child baying been injudiciously fed," was returned, no blame being attached to the mother.

'

===== 0002601_18980826_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONABLE WEDDING AT THE

PARISH. CHURCH.

ABEL-THOMAS.

On Wednesday morning,the little hamlet of Rock Savage presented quite a gay appearance, with an unusual display of flags, bunting, and garlands, ex- hibited by friendly wellwishers, on the occasion of the marriage of Mr. Fred Abel (third son of Mr. R. Abel,Crofton Lodge,Runcorn),to Miss Lizzie Thomas ( third daughter of the late Mr. John Thomas,Clif ton, Rock Savage). Flags were also freely displayed by ' numbers of the townspeople of Runcorn, amongst whom both the contracting parties have numervus friends. Tee ceremony took place at he Runcorn Pariah Church, where a large and fashionable gathering had congregated to witness the proceedings. The officiatin clergyman was the Rev. W. Scholes. Shortly after eleven o'clock. the bride came into church leaning upon the arm of bar brother (Mr. J. Thomas) who also gave her away. She looked exceeJingly pretty in a dress of cream alpaca, trimmed with white satin ; with hat to match, surmounted by beautiful cream ostrich feathers ; she also wore a saphire and pearl broach, and carried a bouquet of lilies and orange blossoms (the gifts of the bri&groom). The bridesmaids, who were dressed in cream, with large white picture bats, trimmed with pink, carrying bouquets of choice flowers, were :—Miss Maggie Thomas (sister of the bride), and Miss Carrie Abel (sister of the bridegroom). The duties of the best man were fittingly discharged by Mr. William Burton. After the signing of the register, the newly married couple left the church amid showers 9f rice, and confetti and the good wishes of all, from Rock Savage (the home of the bridel,where the wedding breakfast was partaken of. Just at the moment of leaving the church, the sue, which had been practically hidden by a bank of clouds, burst forth in all its splendour as if in honour of the bridal party. After the reception at the house of the bride, the happy couple left accompanied by universal good wis'oes, in time to proceed to Rackpool (where the honeymoon will be spent), by the 12-15 p.m.train from Roncorn Station.

Alter tbe departure of the "happy pair" the friends of Mr. R. Abel and Mrs. Thornacassembled at Wick Savage and proceeded on board a specially fitted biro, which conveyed them up the Weaver, to Northwich and back again. supper being. served at Rock Ravage upon the return. The party included :—Mr and Mrs R Abel, Mrs Thomas, Mr J Thom ma, Mr and Mrs A. &tint, and Master Cecil Abel, Miss Thomas. Mr and Mrs A Encleston,(War- ringten), Miss Henrietta Thomas, Mr W Thomas, Miss Abel, Miss Clara Thomas, Miss F Abel, Miss Tomlinson. Mr Frel Thomas, Miss ldcWatsr, Miss Blanche Thom me, Miss Knifton, Mr Chilensnd, Mr Millinger, Misses Temples (2), Mr and Mrs Dykes. Mrs and Miss Coward, Mr Mrs and Miss Suitton,Mr and Mrs Tavlor(Southport), Mr and Mrs Sherett, Mr Hankinson, Mee Stephens" (Liverpool); Mr W Burton, Mr aril Mrs Horsefield, Mr W Crosby, M.. Tom Hill, Mr WE Lancaster aind Mr Alfrod Grounds. En route oapi!at eatertaintnent was provided and musics and dancing indulged in. Toe fol- lowing is the

LIST OF PRESENTS. Bridegroom to bride, saphire and pearl brooch Mother of bride bedroom linen Father of bridegroom, cheque Mr and Mrs Eccleston, dining-room table Mr Albert Abel. tiolet set Miss Thomas. dinner service Miss C Abel, pair of hanApainted plaques Mrs Stephenson, Liverpool, ease of silver salts Mr and Mrs Tomlinson. London, eider down quilt Miss Tomlins m, table linen Miss M Tomlinson. counte,mane Mr 0 Tomlinson, dive. b scuit (lady Mr Chilmard, table linen Mr W Burton, Liverpool, case of carvers Mr J Thomas, copper kettle Mr W Thomas. set of pans Mice B Abel, fire cc can Miss F Abel, toilet linen Miss C Thomas, trinket set Emplovis of fir It Abel, oak side board Mr and Mrs Taylor (Southport), dinner cruet Miss E Reece flower stand Miss if Thomas, breakfast cruet Miss B Thomas. music case Mr Fred Thomas, set of jugs Rock Savage Football Club, case of cutlery The Misses Temples. fire 'mean Mrs Coward, set of flowe- vases Mr and Mrs Wiswall. copper kettle Miss lfieffaters, set of flower vases Mr Walter Abel, pair of vases Mrs W Abel, flower vase Mr W Millinger and Miss Hnifton, oak biscuit barrel Mr and Mrs Dykes. pair of Dalton ware VABB6 Mr and Mrs Whinyates, Case of fish carvers Miss mammon, (Wigan), fruit dishes Mr and Mrs John RAM ,sen. '.)sir of bronze ornaments Mr and Mrs J Horsefiald, table linen Mr Longford. framed engravings Mr and Mrs Eden, flower stand Mrs Temple, toilet requi4tas ' Mr Thomas Darwell. set of vases Mr and Mrs Stat'on, framed photo of the Parish Church Mr A Bcoleston Warrington, cheese dish. Mrs Dobson, Rower vases.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
SCENES IN WIVERN'S PLA.CE.

HATCHET FLOURISHING AMONGST NEIGHBO CRS.

At the Rune ern Sesainne, before Messrs. H. Reynolds, and John oAleston, William Cress, 19, Wivern's place, Runcorn, summoned Reece Hughes, of 20, Wivern's Place, for assault. 4. cross suaunoes was a'se t Ikon out *gases: Crosa,and a further summons was issued against him fir assaulting Maria E. Haghes wife of the first defer:idiot. —Mr. Knowles, Widnes, conducted the cases for the defendants Hughes,whilst Cron was his own ad- vocate. William Cross stated that both of them had children about Bee year; of are. Tears wag a bit of a bother with the children aid Hughes' boy struck his lad in the 'eye. His wife who saw the action went to the lad, and said "You little bezgar if you do that again I will warm your jacket for yeu." During that time witases and Reece Hughes were talking together very friendly in a public house for about three quarters ef an hour. Hughes went home, and he staysd behind. In a short time Hughes returned saying his wife was not in. Then his wife came and insulted him about the chillren. She said there had baton a b Viler with the children, to which he retie ocl that he had nothing te do with it, as there were very often rows between children. This caw: d Hughes and himself to have a few words; Having drunk up their beer they both left the holm. On vine home he asked his wife what was the bother with the child- esan and she told him. Just then Mrs. Reece Hughes came ' up and tapped at the window. His wife went to the door and she got struck by Mrs. Hulls% who said that she would lika to cleave her wits a hatchet she was ft mrish- ins in her hand at th 3 time. She hit her and knocked her teeth down her throat. He shouted to Mrs. Hughes to hoe the women alone, and would have interfered only his witness toll him to remain on Ws owe doorstep. He did not stile° Mrs. Hughes at all, hut caught her by the two shoulders and put her off his premisea. Between 8 and 9 the two women were again quarrelling and he tetd his wife to go in, at the same time telling Mrs. Hughes that th 3 best place fir her was also in the house. She then put her child in the door- way of har housseaed carete and strark him three times. He did not hit her at all as he thought it was cowarily to hit a woman. AF ha was standing there Reece Hughes came unawares to him, and ant him by the throat and nese, and Mrs. Heigh 34 pulled his hair. He WAR liherated by two women neighbours and take-3 into the hum. About 12 o'clock the same nigh', Reece Hughes cants again, and knocked at the front door. His wife we to the window, and was mt with a shower of ashes thrown at her by Hughes.Ho also Pai if they would wait , until morning ha" would strangle" witness out and ' out. —Cross-examined : His wife and Hughes' wife were fighting in the streit. He did not interfere nor strike Mrs. Hughes at all, and as for striking Hughes he got no chance, as Hughes had hill fast unawarls. —Mary Knight, an elderly woman, gave corroborative evidence, adding tint she saw Mrs. Cross come to the door with a hatch( t in her had. and her meuth stream- ing witk blood, which saturated the front of her cloths log. Mrs. Cross was bringing the hatchet to show to I the neighbours, and said that Mrs. Hughes had been ' standing over her flourishing the hatchet and Raying she " would like to cleave her down."—Croes-exemined : Jas. Hughes struck the complainant three times when ha was standing upon his Own doorstep. Cross did not strike her at all. At half-past twelve the same night she I heard Hughes at Cross's door, he was calling out" I will throttle you in the morning, Crossie." She did net see the fight between the two wom-n.—Catherine Ann Turner also corroborated,—Mr. Know!, s said that the defence was a contradiction of the whole statement. His client told him that Mrs. Cross assaulted Mrs. Hughes, and he thought that statement was borne out by one of the witnesses who had just been examined. Be would try to show that his client had only acted in called, stated that Croes struck self defence.—Huaties. at him fiyst, but he get out of the way and hit him. They had a light together and all he did was in self defence. He did not have any rrcelleetion of going to Cross's house at that time of night He was not in the habit of walking in his sleen ; but if he did so, all well and good. (Laughter). He was not drunk.—Cross- examined : He was nit aware that he knocked at Cross's front dour. Cross did striki him first.—eese John Oeklestoto : Yiu are a hit of a boxer ?—Witness sir, far from it.—Mary Elizibsth ttuths said that the man Cross assaulted her by striking her three times, and pulling hrr hair ; a statement that Cross denied.—The Bench, without retirine. dismissed the case against Cross, and fined Hughes 10i and lie 6] casts, or IA days in default. The money was paid.

For the past quarter of a century there has been so continuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the truv wonderful cures effected by CLARK'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE, "the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases Pimples, and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a trial to test its value. Sold everywhere. at 25. 9d. per bottle Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Aart. (6)

===== 0002601_18980826_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
passi;

WESTON TILLAGE SPORTS.

The second annual village sports were held at Over- hill, Weston,on Saturday afternoon,in beautiful weather, and before a fair atteudicce. There was a large punc- her of entries and consider Ole interest was evinced in the preceedings, which were promoted with the object of securing augmentation of the Weston Church Band Funds. The gala was under the patronage of Major Orred, and several other local gent'emen, including: Revs. W. H. Stable!, J. Killick, D. S. Bowen, Messrs. W. H. Bankes, J. E. C. Bankes, W. Whittaker, E. Incison,C. L. Evang, P. Allen, J. B. Holland, A. G. Guest, Joseph Tudor, .1. Voss, and J. Williams._

The Sports officials were :—Judges, Rev W H Stables, --- Messrs J Vose, A G Guest, J Carson ; starter, Mr J E C Bankes; clerks of the course, Messrs T Lloyd, R Nesbitt, J Aspsy, S Thompson, A Tudor and J G Lightfoot ; field marshalls, M-Nrsrs Joseph Tudor and T Owen ; competi- tors tent, Messrs J Brookes, J Sutton, F Griffiths, G Jones, A Davie' ; telegraph board. Messrs A Hopwood and C Pye ; eommittes, Messrs W Hope, J E Tudor, F Davastou, J Mitcheson, William Tudor, G Fithye, T Jones, C Williams and T Bickering, with Mr Walter Tudor, hon. secretary. The following were the events :- 150 yards handicap, for boys under 16 years of age in the Weston Church Choir or residing in Weston :-Ist, silver coo value Z 3 • 2nd, gold medal, £1 5s ; 3rd, watch, 15s, (Major ()reed's prizes). Winners of heats : I F Howard, L Tudor. F Dodd, J Basnett. Final : 1, L Tudor; 2, F Howard ; 3, F Dodd. 120 yards handicap. Winners of beats : F C Dean, Tarvin. 3; R Howard, Warrington, 12; H Green, Run- corn, 10; G Williams, Rocksavaire, 11; A Woods, Run- corn, 12; H Goodall, Rooksavage,B; R H Clays.Runcera 8; F Surnmerfield, Weston, 9. Semi-finals: R Howard and F C Dean ; B H Gaya an i A Woods. Final, 1, It Howard; 2, F C Dean; 3, R H Clays. 150 yards (boys) handicap. Winners of heats : 1, C Harrison. Runcorn, 14 • J Furaival, Runcorn.l4; T Ince, Widnes, 6; 2nd, J Sherlock, Runcorn. 6 ; J Gibson, Run- corn, scratch; L Tudor, Runcorn, 16. Final : J Ster- loot; 2. J Gibson; 3, T Ince.

_ _ • 220 yards handicap (npen). Winners of heat :-1, 11 Howard, Warrington, 15 ; 11 Green, Runcorn, 14 ;R E Swift, Little S.itton, 6. 2, T Suinmerlield. Weston, 12; W Grezery, Runcorn, 11 ; J J Matthews,ls. 3. W Earle, Warrinzton, 14 ;F C Wan,Tarvig, 4 ; J H Rowlands, Rockiavaree, 10. Final: 1, F C Dean ; 2, R Howard, 3, W Ear'e. Obstacle race 600 yards :-1, J Jones, Helsby ;2, Gtodall, Froisham ; 3, C Heffern, Frodsham. Half-mile, (about thirty turned oat) :-1, F C Dean, Tarvin, 15 ; 2, J Molyneux. Weston, 45 ; 3, F V Forster, Penketh, 25. At the conclusion of the sports the prizes were distri- buted by Miss Banks. who upen the motion of the Rey. W. H, Stables. seconded by Mr. Tudor, was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. a

===== 0002601_18980826_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

DEATH OF MR. ALEXANDER BAIRD.

On Monday morning at 1-30 the death took place of Mr. Alexander Baird of the Crown Inn, Queen- street. The deceased gentleman, who was 48 years of age, was taken ill a week ago with pleurisy and diptheria, and was attended by Dr. Smith. He had been proprietor of the Crown Inn for about twelve years. He leaves a widow and six children. The funeral took place on Thursday.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
FoLLowrNat TEE PRACTICE.

On Monday at Wigan Thomas Walsh, a com- mercial traveller, was summoned for travelling on the London and North-Western Railway from Earlestown to Wigan without having paid his fare and with intend to defraud the company. Defend- ant admitted the offence. and said he had seen other people defrauding the company, and he had followed the practice himself. The prosecuting sllicitor stated that Walsh had been under suspi- cion for some time.—Defendant was fined 20-3. and costo. _

BLINDLY'S THIINDERSTORIL A severe thunderstorm broke ever the town shortly after six o'clock on Sunday. Rain fall heavily, but the Worm passed over without having been exceptionally severe. The air was appreciably cooler for a time, but as the night settled the heat again became very oppressive,and about ten o'clock another storm came on which continued throughout the night. At times the lightning was very vivid. Rain fell in torrents, and when morning broke the sky was still overcast.

i'RE FAILURE OF A WARRINGTON BUILDER. A meeting of the creditors of Patrick Thomas ll'Cue, builde,. Warrington, was held on Tuesday at the offices of the Official Receiver,in Manchester. Mr. C. J. Dibb pregided. A statement of the debtor's affairs showed liabilities amounting te .E 6.57 and as- sets estimated to realise £144. The debtor's ex- planation of his failure was that he considersd his proplrties " too good, end pat too much material into them." Mr. E. BrldAharr, chartered accoun- tant, Warrington, was appoint.d trustee. - -

A NEW INDUSTRY. One of the late 4 additions to the many industries whiil Warrington has now in its midst is that of the inanufacture of safes. Th3re is at present on view in the window of \lours. Connah and Bellian, of Sankey-street, an evriellent sample of the safes now being made by Mr, Thomas Wright, of West- street. The safe called " The Warrington safe" is for ordinAry risk and is iire-proaf. Toe workman- ship and materials are of the bost,and as there is a large demand for safes. we see no reason why this branch of induAry should not succeed in Warring-

pri iii

ton. GENEROUS OFFER IST MESSRS. BRUNNER, MoND

AND CO.

On Monday night,at—ihe Meeting of the Barnton (Northwich) Parish Coonoil, it was reported that tke Commit had unanimously resolved to endeavour to obtain a recreation ground for the free use of the yolng of the village. With this object they had approached Messrs Brunner Mond and Co., who re- plied that the directors were intuit sympathy with the andArtakiegoind th it they were oreparei to let to the Council a field in Nursery-read at a rental of ,E 5 per year to^ 999 years. (Loud applause.) The field is ai acres in extent. The offer was accepted with thanks.

PAT'PERISM IN LA.NCASHIRE. Mr. 11. Jenher Fu-t, general inspector of the North-Western Poor Law Disirict, and Mr. W. M. Mo erson, assistant general inspector, have issued an interei•ting document,compiled from Parliamentary returns, showing the number of paupers relieved on the IL January this year, and the average number relied on the corresponding day 'of the five pre- ceed;ng years, together svi..ll the expenditure upon I in-maintenance an 1 out-relief for the year ending Lady Day of this year, and the average expenditure for the five previous years. In Lancashire, with a population according to the cani.us of 3,969,661 per- sons, the indoor paupers, excluding lunatics and va9:rants, relieved on the let January this year were 27,856. The vagrants numbered 1,625, and the lunatics in workhouses 2.618, or a total in all of the three clas,e4 ol 32,099 per•oos, The average num- ber rel'eved of the three cla,ses on the Ist January 1893-7 was 29,655, The avenge number of persons relieved outdoor on the Ist January this year was 45,887, and the average on the let January, 1893-7 amounted to 42,874. These figures are exclusive of pauper lunatics. The Proportion of paupers this year to the census population was lin 51, and the average during the correspanding five years was 1 in 55. Tha twat or indoor and outdoor cases was this year 77986,i the average during the pre- five years 72.529. The pauper lunatics not in workhouses were this year 8,263,and the average number in the preceding five years 7,776.

5

Sr. MARY'S CL.THOLIC CHURCH, LATCHFORD.

The annual sermons in aid of the school connec- ted with St. Mary's Catholic Church, Latchford, were preached by the Rev. Father Anselra, 0.5.F.C., on Sunday. In the morning tne preacher took for his text the words" Suffer little children to come unto me," and in the evening the subject of his dis- course was " The Ble,sed Virgin." Eleven o'clock mass was sung by the Rev. Father Folding, O.S 8., and the choir, assisted by a few friends, produced foa the first time in Warrington,Web-r's mass in E flit. A beautiful solo passage for tenor is contained in the Kyrie. The Gloria, which is of a rather bold and severe character, is compensated for by the delightful Credo, with its quaint melodies. The dignified Sanctus is followed by a spirited fugue which recurs after the Benedictus, an exquisite solo for soprano in Weber's own inimitable style. The Agnus Del and Dona Nobis form a fitting close to an altogether admirable work. The music at the even- ing service included Charles Santley's " Gaudea- musts," Mount's " Exultet,l Niurphy's Bene liction Service No 3, and Mozart's 12th Gloria (first part). ClltrltCH OFFICIALS AT CIitSEDEN ELALL.

The officials of the Parish Church paid a visit to Cuerden Hall, The'wall, by the kini invitation of Mr. R. A. and MiB3Nitylor on Satarday. The clergy (including the Rector, Canon Willis), the church- wardens, sidesmen, members of the choir,and repre- sentatives from St. George's tied Sr. Clement's Mis- sions, oacompanied by a good number of the fair sex, 125 all told, left the Parish Church ga.es about two o'clock. By the kindness of their host and hostess, the party were conveyed to Thelwall in carriages. On arrival, Mr. R. A. Naylor and Miss Naylor received the guests in the Entrance hall, when an opportunity was taken of viewing the large and varied collection of pictures and rare prints. The party then practically made themselves at home for the afternoen, some enjoying them selves with a variety of games in the ground-i,others in the bil.iard room, and others, again, sauntering over the house, in-pecting with the greatest plea- sure, the various articles of interest. About six o'clock a most enjoyable tea was provided in the Temperance Hall, where an ()op utunity was taken by the Rector of thanking the host and hostess for their very kind and generous hospitality. About half-past seven an impromptu concert was given in the entrance hall, several of Mr. Naylor's private gue•te, including Dr. Dyer of Cheltenham College, assisting in the programme, and the adult members of the Parish Church Choir contributed some songs and glees. The party drove home about half-past eight, after a molt sociable anl enjoyable outing.

FOOTBALL. NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

Serious difficulty has arisen between some of the lead- ing clubs in the Northern Rugby Union and their players. The new professional bye-laws come into force this season, and many players are demanding increased remuneration,in many cases double the present amount. This the committees are flatly refusing, on the ground that they cannot afford it. The new bye-law provide that players must follow a bonet-ftdeoccupationtand that football most be merely an accessory to an ordinary means of livelihood. It is alleged that players are at- tempting te override this provision. In some cases last year clubs paid etch player 15s for a win, anu 7a 8.1 for a loss, and this year are offering 103 per week ; but the players demand £l. It is understood that many clubs. in the Yorkshire S.nior Competition have combined to resist the players' demands, and a deadlock has resulted. If neither side gives way, some of the best-known names in Yorkshire Rugby football will disappear, since practi- cally no player can obtain a transf r from a duo with- out that club's consent. The general belief is that one or two of the bet players will obttin their terms, but hat the bulk will have to accept the committee's ' ffer.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week Ending Saturday 13th August 1898. Durinz the week the following births and deaths were registered :

Births. Deaths. Warrington Registration District 56 21 The excess of births over deaths was 35. The Birth Rate was equal to 46.3 per 1,000 of the population. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 151 per 1,000, against 14.4 the average of the previous 4 weeks, and against 22.9 the corresponding period of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 5

_,•7 per I,ooo,against 1•2 the average rate of the pievions 4 weeks, and against 50 the corresponding period of 1697. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 np. 5 1 7 1 21

The deaths included-1 from Whooping coluzia, 6 from diarrhcea, 1 from phtlaisis, 2 from lung diseases, 3 from heart disease, 1 from injuries, 7 from all other causes. The following cases of infectious disease have been I reported during the week:—Scarlet fever, 2 cases. Total numbsr of patients in hospital for week ending August 13th,4. METEOROLOGY—The mean temperature was 61.4 Fah., and therefore I.7deg. higher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 8311%, was recorded on the 12th inst., and the minimum temperature 42 F., on the 7th ult. The rainfall measured '44 inch. The general direction was S.W. the reading of the anemometer denoting 715 miles.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medieal Officer of Health.

B°ROUGH OF WARRINGI'OI.—The Wil- TART WORKS COMMITTHB of the Council of the Borough INVITH THINOIHIS forthe whole of the SUPPLY ef PROVSNDIIII required,nrushed oats split beaus, split Wien corn, broad bran and oatmeal for 6 month, commencing the 6th daY of SBPTBSIBIIa next, and to be delivered at the Town Hall yard before 10 o'clock each MONDAY morning. Samples mast accompany tenders and be sent In to me not liter than 4 o'clook on WBOTHSDAT next. the 31et inst., addressed to the Chairm,n of the Committee endorsed Tender for Provender." The lowest or any tender will net necessarily be accepted. JAMES DEAS, Municipal Offices, 26th August. 1898.

DR. .J. COLLIS BROWNEE3 CHLORODYNB. THT ORIGINAL AND ONLY OHNUINH.

CiILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most woaderful and valuable remedy ever die- covered.

OiLORODYNE is the best remedy known far Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis arid Asthma. CLORODYNE effectually checks arid arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Persrs Croup, Ague.

j-ifILORODYNS acts like a charm ha Diarrhea& V./ and the only specific in Cholera and Dynentory. CIBLORODYNK effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CHLURODYNE is the only palliative in Neural gift, Rheumatism, chnit, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis

WAXEINGTON:

_RPORATIOI JNCh _ iTED MANUHB. Twentieth Season. General Agent— Mr. Wl. HOUGHTON% PADDINGTON near Warrington.

OF tl •NGTON COT, 111NTRAn.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
BOROUGH

W AR RI i

RICHARDSON AND CO., PAPRR-HANGING MERCHANTS. 9, iarD 11, THOMAS-STREET, SHIMICHILL.

MANCWESTBR.

JAM ES TOOLE,

LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and horses, cows, !cc. rensoved any d stance up to 15 miles, On the shortest netiee. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES worrs-ont IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and orarything connected with Highest' Prizes paid. Marine Stores bought. SLAM:INTIM YAI‘D, LONGFORD. NOTABLISSED 1870.

SOUTIIPORT.

HAYEs's RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET,

_ AdjoiningstohetpLainsclasnhisrleAannLdiYsoarnksphinreßßAiulwAaßyt Sritwatio* in the Town. GREAT DEIIAND FOR CYCLES t PLACE YOUR ORDERS AT ONCE

'

111

4 '

. I

1 1 t a 11 t

I

II

I ;

I ( .= ' :,.

r r •

: •

11

I

===== 0002601_18980826_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ' :

===== 0002601_18980826_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE M A.(11 ST RA rEs.

A ElonsxßßZAXEct SECURELY FASTENED IN. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Monday morning, before Mr. Birch& (ch ,irm to), and other magistrates, Charles Plimpton, of no fixed abode, was charged with having been found on the enclosed pre- mises of a dwelling-h,,use, 65, Nicholson-street,at twenty minutes past fly' • ihst morning, with intent to commit a felony.—The Cf,ief Constable said the charge was originally one of burglary, but in order that the magis- trates might deal with the case, be had seen fit te reduce it. Prosecutor (Mr. Thomason), who was a gtrdener, retired to bed at ten o'clock on Sunday night, leaving his uncle, Thomas Ellis, downstairs. Be stayed down until about eleven, and before going to bed made a round of the house and saw that everything was secure. The scullery window was dosed. The yard at the back of the house was enclosed by a wall six feet high. Shortly after five o'clock that morning Mr. Thomason Was awakened be an unusual noise, aid on going down. stairs with his wife he found prisoner in the coal place inside the house. Be observed that the scullery window was open, and that a plant pot had been knocked down. He asked the man what he was doing there,and he made some incoherent reply. Mr. Thomason closed the door and barricaded it with a wringing machine until the arrival of the police. P.C. Smith wen', to the house,and took psis sner into custody. When charged the man re- plied" I cddn't man to re4l anything ; I must have been drunk."—Jams Thomason and Thomas E us gave evidence in support of the Chief Constables statement, and P.C. Smith said that when he took the prisoner into custody he gad "I didn't mean anything wrong; I must have b-en drunk last night." Witness took him to the Police Station and chargrd him with breaking hit, the hour°. Be replied " I had no intention of stealing any- thing ; I will say nothing," Prisoner, when arrested was sober.—Prisoner BOP said he did not remember going into the house.—The Chief Constable said there h d ree.ent Iv been a number of robberies of a mean die- cription from working-closs houses, but they had net been able to trace the offenders.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month.

"ON THE Been LIES OTHER Meer." At the Borough Police Coart on Tuesday morninr, be- fore Mr. Garnett (in the chair), CrunciFor Shaw One° and Mr. Birch&ll, Robert Farber, 47, Bos'o-k-s,reet,wae charged an a warrant with hiving assaulted his wife Ellen Forter ea august 20th.—Tho complainant steel that oh- was sitting on her doorstep at nine o'clock at Writ whee her husband and his brother came to the house. His br)ther went to the hack, and defendant Went Int th- irmse the front way. He then shouted her in,and locked all the (hors. He told hc.r to sit down , While he put some questions to her,and she being fright- I ened sat down. Owing to the nature of the quest ens she refused to answer them and he "banged" h down on the hoer and gave her a " punch" in the ear with his foot. She crept out of his way under the sofa. He said, " I ill bring umeone else to you," and he went to the hack for his t•rother. She s-reamei and ran out the front way. A neighbour had heard her screama,and when she got outside was locking for someone to turst the door open. Defendant had since said he was in the fault,and would plead gui ty to all. While she was out on Monday obtaining the warrant h 9 tdck everething out of the house, whether to Vete or pawn them she could not say.- -Defendant said he pawned the thines to pay the costs of the case. The money was dowasters.—birs, Banks Aid she was in her boare on the night of the date Mn- tinned, when she heard screams of "Murder." She heard someone say "Don't kill me, Bob." She went to the defendant's house and knocked at the door, tell,ng Chem to open it or she would have it burst open. The wits afterwards ruahed out. She was 1 lording from the ear.—Defendant said he went home intoxicated, and his wife eked him fnr his wages. He had been "at play on the beer" all vrek,and he told her he hal nothine. She kopt 4:vireo& log him by asking for his wages.—Mr. IS 40111411 : Why had you not ben at work ?—Defendant I was OR the beer, like other men. —Mr. Birchall : You can get drunk day after day and your wife must keep the house on nothing. —Defendant said he asked his wife to tsetse sneering at hint,and as she would not he hit her behind the ear with Ifs open hand. He could only pleadjeuilty and thr3w himself on the mercy of the Court. If his wife would look ewer this he would sign till pledge, and lever lift his hand to her again. Her object in taking out the warrant was t rt a separation order.—Mr. Birchall : & very gold re ison.—The Chief Constable said defend- ant had been eleven times before the Court, one had been bound over four times for assaults and breaches of the peace.—The Chairman said there was no doubt an aggravated assault had been committed, and a fine of We. and costs would be imposeci.—Suhsequently thi wife applied for a separation ordar, and it was granted, defendant being ordered to pay 101. a week towards the maintenance of her and her three children.

MINOR CASES. i WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. VlUDLY,—llefore Alderman Roberts (chairman). Councillor 1 Smethurst, and Mr. Hepherd. trlfiltileifTELY Nlit011B01:1119 AT PADGATE.—Edrnund Hindle Hulse, of , 75, Padg•te-lane, was summoned by George War- rington Rigbey. of 199, Padgate-lane, on a charge of assault- ing him on the 11th Inst.—Mr. BrOWlle represented the corn- plainagit,and stated that the two parties were at one time on very friendly terms but latterly they had cut each other. On the 11th Wet. his client was returning home, and when pass- ihg the hack door of the defendants he saw Mts. ffulse who acknowledged him as he passed and he raised his cap in reply. The comp! anent had only gone a few yards further when he met Mr. Hulse who told him that he woul I not have him going round the backs in that fashion, and aced abusive language s sting that he would strike him if he did S'S. Mr. Righey replied that be had better not lay hands on him, whereupon the clef en lan% without any warning, struck Mr. Righey in the mouth causing him to fall to the ground. tie (Mr. Browne) could not see the reason for Mr Hulse's action except that he must have been under the influence of drink at the time. He gaits expected that Mr. Hulse would have apologised that morning —George War- riutps nigher was then called and gave evidence In support oi Sir. Browne's statement. He was struck in the mouth and bad his lip out Me heard the defendant's wife say' Don't be a fool Rdmuud i come in" Witness got is., front the ground and told him that . at he won]. m i hear oreabont it.—in cross-egimlnation witness denied that he was in drink at the time.—Ovidence as to film assault was given by Mrs. Fonlkes and Mrs. Bose D whi M had been made _ft n question be (the Ise 9,atid toheanysih:Femlnitnsspell"ing in his awa weredef en cneotSctqru defendant) was plavits " Wh it abo it sit '45 children. Itrnttiln ith 20 or itiFeigeorre . them. Rlzbey reale Pi 8t his cap "• nest in drink. Re • . R Insurance dneeroyuonud attired ptroornhiisnied amnde.":BlW4itness replied to him, and Rigby then callod him a gar'r'reupen he (the defendant) told him to go home, remerl l'id that the list Caine time he into his (Hulse i 's) house e "read in drink. ~,,„1 he dropped his acquaintance in consequenc . ant,t,,y then • n an fell came towards him Ina staggering conditio hheavily. When he arose again witness struck hilts.—T e &righter of the defendant sopported her father's statement. bbe ad. 'flitted that he struck itigbey. —Mr. Brovrne said his cli.nt came "dent to the Police Station and saw Inspectors Spinks an 4 Phillips. Unfortunately both officers were away Or thee Could speak as to Rigbey's condition.— The Chairman stud the magistrates had decided that an as snit had been committed and the defendant would be fined the costs. It was a Pity the case had ever come into court The coats amounting a o 121. were paid and the defendant left a further sum of Bs. for the poor Mex. Wcathelteg QII•ItIitELS--m —arY Ann Collier, a Ms rried woman, of Fairclough's-avenne. ARS summoned by her sister-in-law Sarah Collier, far assault,—Mr. Arthur Browne represented the defendant.—The complainant, who appeared

with her arm in a sling,stated that whilst she was removing some of her things from the defendant's house, the defend- ant pushed her into the street, causing her arm to be seriously injured.—Mr. Browne, for the defendant. stated that his client never Winkled the complainant. They were at a loss to know hew she came by her injuries. She was seen assisting the carters to unload the lorry after he had left the defendant's house and no cisinplalnt was made by her as to her arm being injured.—& witness was called who stated that he saw the eomplainant fall on the parapet when she was coining away front the defendant s house. He did not see any- one push her down—The magistrates dismissed the ease.— Bridget Titchard. 83. Fox-street, answered a summons charg- ing her with assaulting Clarissa Potter, of 83, Fox-street, on the 13th August—The complainant gave evidence as to being stra2k several times by the defendant, and two witnesses spoke as to seeing the assault. —The defendant denied the allegation, but the magistrates considered the ease proved. and fined her Ts 6 I including costs. —John Ball, 24. Albert Terrace., was summoned on a charge of assaulting his wife Ellen Bali. who resides at 8, Charles-street—Mr. Browne said these two persons had only been married six months, and the unpleasantness which had arisen I was due to the complainant's sister. He thought it was a eaaervinwahict4rMr. Taylor, the Pollee Court Mlssionary,might I intervene.—Mr. Taylor said he went to the defend- ant's hoase at the reqaest of the magic rates and met with nothing but abuse from the family.—The complainant, who I fainted in Court gave evidence as to her hush old striking her , on the shoulder.— dr. Brosrne said the defendant was desir- ous of having a home of his own. They had been living with the complainant's sister, and she had chticisxl him out of the house on one occasion. —The magistrates decided to adjourn the case for a week to see if an amicable arrangement could be made by Mr. Taylor. SCHOOL ATTEvDANCIL—John Mills was fined sa. for neg- lecting to cams his sort to attend school regularly.—Mr.Jones, I school attendance officer. prosecuted, DEFENDING HIS Mrs Patrick Collins. of 9. Barry-et.. was summoned ior assaulting Margaret Carter in Barry-st. on the 15th August.—The complahlent said she was struok three blows in the face by the defendant who was defending Ihis wife.—The detandanLazolaharrithat the complainant had been to his house and seriously assaulted his whs. He ordered GOMplainstat away, bat she refused to go, and struck his wife , again. He then struck the oomplainant.—Mrs. Leather and I a neighbour supported this view of the affair, and the magis- trates dismissed the case. THREATS.—For haying used threats towards James Taylor. of 16, George-street, a labourer named Joshua Hassey, of 6, George-street was hound over in his own reNsgnixanass for six months and ordered to pay the costs.

SATURDAY.—Before Mr. T. Birchall (chairman). Messrs. J. W. Hayward, and H. T. rairciougb. A CHLAGE OF A.S3•IILT DlS36l.33ED.—Themas Morrill was charged with assaulting his wife. Sarah Jane Morris, on the 15th August.—Mr A. Browne represented tke defendant.— The complainant stated that on the date named the defend- ant used abusive language tow ‘rds her and afterwards struck her. He told her the chili had been sent away to Manckes- ter.and because she grumbled he struck her apvn. He then went out and when he came home again at night he "car- ried on " and bit her. Two witnesses gave corroborative evt- dence.—Mr. Browne said the defendant had led a 'nest miserable life with this woman for twelve months. He bad been neglected, and she had pawned his clothes and run him into debt. In consequence of something which happened he advised defendant to renalve the furniture, preparatory to applying for a divorce from the woman. He submitted that no serious assault had taken place,or the woman would have applied for a warraut soon .r.—The Chairman said the Minn seemed to have been badly treated, and the case was dis- missed.

Mt,smilf —Before Mr. Birch%ll (In the Chair), Alderman Blaekhnrst, Councillors sittaw Green and Smethurst, and _ _

dlr. Wright. - FIGISTIsG in A.BPLEY-FIELDS--Jsrees Curley, iS, James- street. and Michael Grant. 3, Pilkington's-yard, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly its Arpley-fields on Saturday afternoan.—P.C. Carter said that at ten minutes past three on Saturday afteruoon he was in Bridge-strest and receiv,d information that two men were lighting in Arpley- fields. He proceeded there and saw ths two prisoners, who were drunk, fighting. There were two or three hundred people ther , the majority of whom came fr An the cricket match. When the prisoners SAW Witness they ran away, but he captured them and took them to ths Police Station. Grant was very violent.—Prisoners wore each fined 1)5 and costs or 14 days imprissnment. THE RESULT OF ILANAJNEENNESS.—Jane Shaw, 100. Sharpe- ' street, was summoned for having been drunk and disorderly on the 14 h August..—The Chief Constable said a woman named Elizabeth )Bea,lln. applied some few days ago for a summons against the defendant for threatening her, bat was unable to prove that she had done more than use abusi•,. language. P.S. Evans remembered to have seen defendant I at the tire.. and as he could say she was drunk, the charge , ,of drunk and disorderly was established. —Evidence was given by Mrs dleachin, Alias Hayes, and Sergeant Evans, and the defendant was tined ss. OBSCENE LLEGITIG6 IN THE STREETS. —James Hart, Bay Horse-yard, was lined 5s and costa for using oosc.one language in Queen street. on the 11th August—P.C. Clough proved the .mse.—The Chairman said this use of bad language In the street was a crying evil, and Men like defendant ought to be ashamed of themselves. The word ' bloody" seemed to be continually In the months of even little children. DRUNK 11i DISARDERLY,—Pdary Broderick D allam- Tane, was lined hs Includin f, costs for having been drunk and disorderly in Dallanadane on the 13th inst. TIIESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair), Mr. Thomas Birchen. and Councillor Shaw Gr en. HER 2137.---Apr•EalliNeir.:—Margaret Burse (workhouse inmate) was charged with abaci nding from the Union Work- house on Sunday and taking with her her clothes, the pro- perty of the Guardians.— Ir. B. Shearer said that on Sunday morning the prisoner was allowed with others to go out at I ten minutes past eight to attend chapel. She had not re- -1 tarned at half-past nine. Information was given to the I police. Stas returned on Monday night about twenty minutes to elevsn beastly drunk. Ile (gr. shearer) saw her in the street st 5 o'clock. and she was then in a helpless state. She was a most troublesome inmate. She had to be put under confinement only a month ago. She created disturbances every day in the week. They could de no good with her at all.—The Chief Constable said it was her 21st appearance The Bench sent her to prison for two mnnt he. On hearing the seatauce she exclaimed t• WWI done. Sheirer's Aunt r"

===== 0002601_18980826_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
i

I

,

U

I

, I ,:,

THE SYIEBOL OF STRENUTH. Britannia is the symbol of strength at home and abroad. and whether upon the ocean wave or in the serried ranics of her brave sons in Egypt, India,or China the fame of our country is always identified with power of Will and strength of nerve—the highest state of cour- age that makes heroes. Science is the handmaid that I helps ta maintain this standard of supremacy, and the great gifts of nature are concentrated for the use of men in Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, a tonic to keep every faculty at its brightest and its best. Mighty is the power of the spade and those who wield it are the pioneers of our greatness. The fearless miner burrowing in the earth and the strong navvy removing mountains are the very sinews of the nation. These men must always keep their strength at full stretch. Labour of the severest is their lot and full health is necessary in accomplishing their daily tasks, and if they are attacked with Indiges- tion. Liver Disorders, or Pains in the Back, they know they can find relief by taking Gwilyna Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. The hard working toilers, generally, of the United Kingdom, should remember the add saying, "Prevention is better than cure," and that just as it is nece,sary to call in a medical man, when brain and body are overtaxed, so is it desirable to do all that is possible to keep the system thornighly up to the mark, for every rush of aompetition and extra labour. You have a regular doctor, have you a regular preservative of health to save you from the doctor and the doctor's bills ? If not, try Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Great Tonic Pre- ventative against Serious Illness. The distressing worries of a family household lead to the greatest suffer- ing—the nervous system being specially strained in the turmoil, and Neuralgia, Nervousness, and Debility, with their attendant miseries are the most frequent torments that women in particular have to endure. Low spirits and Depression often render housewives quite unfit for their onerous duties and to prevent this condition Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is strongly recom- mended. Don't delay if you feel out of sorts, but get Gwilytn Evans' Quinine Bitters,a purely vegetable tonic, which contains the strengthening qualities of Sarsa- iparilla, Saffron, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, and allandelion, es well as Quinine. The exact remedy you want fcr Palpitation, Sleeplessness, Biliousness, or Rheu- matism. It not only gives you freedom from pain but strength, and zest for your work, that makes it a pleasure. This perfection of medicinal preparations is advocated as a first aid towards quickening commercial instincts for the counting-house or the market-place, it is a Tonic that is sure to be wanted. This world- renowned remedy is sold in Bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 61. each. Beware ef Imitations. See that you get "Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters " with the name " Gwilym Evans' on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. This is important. Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufactnring Com- pany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY BESSIONi.

MONDAY.—Before 3ies.rs. Henry Reynolds (presiding), and

John Ockl, sten.

Issue: IF WARBANT;;:tia-rirlint-s-Were isseed for the an- psrheasion of Joseph Hopley, Oeell-street ; Mary Ann Rob- hason. 72 Nelson-street ; and Vary Ann erne h, 26 Nelson- street, for using obscene language on ties 17th Inst., who failed to appear. A FILTEIT LoDoint AT WILSON'S HOTS:L.—S. man Or well' dressed appearanne, answering to the name of George Wil- liams,and claiming to be a native of Runcorn (though un- known to the police). V 149 brought up In custody charged With obt ening lolgings by false pretences, ant with having committed wilful damage to beeroem nue bal- ding belonging tee Mr. Hall, the proprietor of the Wilson Hotel.—Jantes Robinson Hall, the complainant. stated that as Friday night, shoat h eleven, the defendant rang at the bell, and asked whether he could be aocommolated with a bed. Williams said that he had been in Paris, and come from London that night leaving his luggage in Widnes station. He (witness) alma provided hie, with some supper,and also showed the defect' hint the lavaror at his own request. In the morning defendant said he would have coffee for his breakfast and wanted It made ready by , the time he returned as he was going out to the Post Offise to , cash a postal order. Me did not return. On going into the room It was found to be in a filthy condition. Sugerinten- dent Okell asked that the man should be remanded so that inquiries could be made as to where he belonged to. —Defen- dant a I belong to Rancorn.—The Bench remanded hint to the 23rd inst.—Defendant then made a statement, as to beme under the impression that the money was paid. He hid not been asked for the money. With regard to the state Of thu room, he put It down to an accident. DEVENCe or Hoffitem—This was a else In which Elizabeth Hough, of 25, Byron-street, surnmone 1 Mary Jane Pye, 19, Bynen-street, for assault. A cross silairtions was also issued against Mrs. Hough.—Vr J. Breton Win- dom, represented Mrs. Hough, whilst Mr. J. Knowles. , Whines, appeared on behalf of Mrs. Pyre—Mr. Burton stated , that it appoared his client sent her daughter to Mrs. Pye's on Monday morning in reference to some little account I het was owing to her. Notlone afterwards Mrs. Pre c Ime to the shop for the purpose of paying the money, over selfish they had some words. Mrs. Pye strut* his client twice, I ,1 with her clenched fist. There was no one in the shop but Mrs,. Hough's daughter, besides the two women; but he had a witness Mrs. Bueeley whom he would uall to testify that outsi le the shop Mrs. ?ye was heard to say "I did hit the b.— and will do so again before the day is eut."—Blizebeth hough, gave evidenee hearing out the above statement. but In cross-examinaclon admitted picking up a ledger, with which she gave the de- feadant two gentle "rat's ' on the arm She did not call Mrs. Pye dishonest. But when Mrs. Pye asked for a receipt she said "I aim not in the habit of coming on people twice for the same money; I ern as honest aa vol are.. ' Mrs. Pye did not run out of the shop. She knew Mrs. Pye to be a very respectable wiman and wife of a highly.respmtable m .n. She only struck at We. Pye when she attempted to get behind she counter, and then only in self-defence.— lilizabeth May Hough, 15, daughter of the last witness, testified to hearing her mother ant Mrs. Pye talking abut the money. Mrs. Pye said that her mother wee •• sharp In sending fez • the money," to which her mother replied that they" had to be sharp these days." Then they beran quarrelling about the blleand her mother offered te make one for Mrs. Use, but she said she woeld not wait. Mrs. Pye put some money on the counter and said" tak • the lot " swearing over it. Her mother was standing been i the counter, aiti Mrs. Pye struek her, withent any cause, awl snatching the money up, said that she would 0 have to wait for it." Mrs. Pre went out of the shop . sharply. Witness , saw Mrs. Thi•kley In the honse-deor.—in eross-eaamination I witness said that her mother did not tell Mrs. Pys she was not honest but said "lam as honest as Yoe are. She was net told souse the word " rap" in referring to the blow, • ' given by her mother when she ht Mrs. Pve the arms with the ledger. 3he sew the I assault, as she was In the shoo at the time....eirs. Bleetley (a neigho our padding across the street) sail she was standing on her dooreteo and saw Mrs. Pye corns out of Mrs. firugh's shop Mrs. Pye 551.1 to her, in answer to a quer i"I hit the b— and will his i,r again befa-e theetay is out." She saw Mrs. Hough's face which was all reeiss—Cross- examined e he was not far off Only vni width of the room, tent dirt not notice that Mrs. Pee ran out of the shop. She also said "I will glee it to the b— for saying that I am not honest." She knew Mrs. Pye to be very re mectable.—lfr Knowles than addressed the bench on the ernes-summons. urging that It was a pity that sub respectable pew. should have (tome into the court. He co,sidet.ed that the cases were as equally metchee as any Roman gladiators. or a" cmsee and Pompey." and the Bench would be egna'ly justified in dismissing them or in binding over both Parties to keel) the peon—Mrs. Pve's evidences admitted the aeseult. as she stated that she had struck Mrs. Hough with her open hand, once In vindication cf beinz call di3honest. Mrs. Hough hit her twice on the head with a ledeer and WOG a b;11,3 mark. She had not used any bad lenguage at all, and Mrs. Buckley was not t e- -e:•tig what Was true when she said Vele she used bad langnage. —After hear:ne turtle r evidence, the Bench said it was pieta who had strnok the first blow, end imposed a fine of 21 64 and Costs upon Mrs. Pye. the crcrs- summons was dismissed. " Ire BODILY VELA ?"—ftlfrei Watkins, 61%1:smith. Weston Point, was summoned for using obscene and threatening lan- guage towards Henry Trevitt, also a blacksmith. D'4endant pleaded enety.—Oomplainent stated that the offenee was cemenitted on Wednesday night, whilst he Was sit in thestreets viewing the cycle psrade. The defendant came sap to him and said 'if he (witness) Was not an old man he would knock him oft the perapete'-10 answer to the ',mete "e'en- , plalnent sell he was not afraid of him.—Trevitt real fined 55 and 83 64 costs.

A MIXED-UP AFFATR.—Mary Ann Feeney, 4 Ocoppr-strc. Summoned Elisabeth Dunning, 20, Brunswick- street, and

• TTnF E.

Mary Modgetts, Brunswick-street, for assault.—Cross-sum- monies were also issued.—Slizaheth Dunning, first called, said that Mrs. Feeney had assaulted her In a very bnatal manner, hitting her on the head with a jug with which she had been fetehin beer. and cat her lip. She also called her all kinds of bad names. Mrs. Feeney also pulled her hair and it was Mrs. Hedgers her sister that extricated her hand from her hair and picked her up up from the floor.—Mrs. Feeney, said en the Thursday. she was wash- ing in the house, when her husband alma home and asked her to gl for a gill of beer as he was very thirsty. She went, and in the beer house, without the least warning the previ- ous witness came and knoaked her down. Then her slider CAMS and add "give it the old b— while she Is down." She considered herself too old toe be knocked about by two young women of thit stamp. She never raiseed a hand against the ether woman.—Bilzabeth Atherton, daughter of the last witness, co-roborated saying she saw her mother on the floor of the beer house and picked her up —Elizabeth Stanton, a little girl residing in the same locality, deposed to hearing Mrs Downing ming threatening language, —Whilst crose-examing each other.the women began quarrelling In a high key Both sides trying to impress the magistrates with the truth of their statemeats. —P.C. Gregory, in answer to a question from the Benoh as te knowing the women, said he consid umd they were six of one and half-dozen of the other."—Upon hearing this Mrs. Feeney objected t a P.C. Gregory's interference, as she al- leged her oppon-nts were friends of his.—The patter of th women having abated, the Bench said that they would both have to be bound over to keep the peace. in their own recaniz- ances of £5, for six months, and each pay their own costs 10s. 6d.—This ha i a saintory effect.

WIDNES POLICE COURT. Movniv.-13e'ore Alderman Sadler and Major Lewis. DRUNK WHILST ire CHARGE OF A HORSE •IND CAB —ger this offence Martin Manning was fined 135 including costs. do. HER 33RD APPEARANCE.— sh.tth Corrigag, who had been up before the Court 33 times, was fined 10. sn costs for being drunk and disorderly on Saturday night, as proved by P.O. Peterson. ALLEGE!) ASSAULT ON TEE POLICE.---JOhil COrTIRSTI WAS charget with being drunk and disorderly and assaulting P.C. Peterson whilst in the execution of his duty on Saturday evening. It appears that whilst Peterson was taking the defendantin the former case into custody, the prisoner who is her husband. rushe I out of the house and. it is alleged, seized hold of her and attempted to get her away, at the same time remarking " Let her go." He kieked the officer on the left leg, knocking the skin ore It WAS stated that he WAS beastly drunk, anl used very bad language.—The defen- dant denied the nes telt and called his daughter, who said the did not see him kick the constable.—The Bench ad- journed the MR until Thursday. to allow of further evidenee being obtained, and admitted the defendant to bail in his own recognisaoses. DAM &CHAT; rsuz Powce Oxfd..—Mary Ann Elsoleston was charged with doitig damage to the police cells to the ex- tent of Is nd. The evidence of P.C. Shaw, corroborated by Sergeant Ratcliffe. showed that the defendant broke the trap door, evidently with her boot, while being detained in the cells on aneteer charge. A fine of 2s 64 including damage and costs as inflicted. MAINTE:NANCE ARREARs.—Apthlit White was summoned by his wife, Sarah Jane White, for having neglected to con- tribete to her mlintenance in ecoordance with a separation order made in July, whereby arrears amounting to 31s were owing.—Complainant stated that an order of 45 per week was granted by the Renth on tee 7th July. The defendant had not, however, paid anything towards the order, and he had Ino goods en which a distress warrant could be levied.— ' Superintendent Keighler explained that the defendant had left Widnes about three weeks ago and at the time he owed his landlady Mt.—Defendant made Certain allegations against the complainant, which she denied. It was because of the subject of these allegations that he reinsert to contribute to her support.—P.O. Com t. es said the complainant was a deeent respectable wom in.—Defendant was sent to gaol for a ' month. IMPUDENT THerre. —& he 7 named Thomas Foulds, abont about twelve years of ar, WAS charged with having stolen from the person of John Renwrigat, on Saturday, the sum of Is 64. It appears that the complainant, who is about I eight years of age, was sent by his mother on a message on Saturday to Wehster's snop, Farnworth. She gave him gs gel wrapped in paper. It was made up of three half-crowns and a2s p ece. On the Way to iternwolth the boy met the pri- soner,who asked him where he was g intr. tie told him.and prisoner then told the complainant th,t he hat lost some- thing. Complainant opened the basket, when the prisoner at once took the money. Ile afterwards handed two half- crowns and a 2i piece back to the complainant. Upon being aske I for the other half-crown the prisoner said he had not get it.--The prisoner WAS also charged with having stolen from a tittle girl named 511th Evans the stun of 25.-oom- plainant stated that at haif-past one on gaturclay her mother. who was in Frederick-street, gave her a2s piece. to take to her father in }Merin-street. When she was opposite to the Co-operative .gtores in Albert,roari she met the prisoner, who Ineuired the way to ppleton °Wel. Witness was taki .g him to the place, when ha t aok the money out of her hand. and gave her twop ince in return. She identified him at the Police Station en the view day amon{ four other boys.— Prisoner WAS COMMIttd4 to the [Meese tale Reformatory for three years.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
RE-OPENING OF 01-MY'S CIRCUS.

•-- , -- - This week Warrington:heut been favoured with the re-opening of the Queen-street . Ciro," and that -Popular caterer for amueement in the person of Mr. Ohrtiy has gathered !mond him for the 'opening, an unusually attractive company. His reception the first night wao extremely hearty, and the sight of a well filled house gave a stimulating interest to the proceedings. Succeeding tno overture by the band Claude Ohrny gave an exhibition of riding in which he fully sustained his reputation of being a very clever rider. The Brothers Zoline fill up the gaps vrit h sores good patter." In ths next it. the clowns cause some red arau4etnent. A performing pony g les throudi some capital tricks,and a coupte of dmiteys with a clown keep the company in a roar of lau,lbt or by their groteeque movements. MiSi Myers evoked well-deseryed applause with her troupe of performing dogs. Some capital riding was contributed by John Patterson as the" American Rider," who was well received. The Cantons gave an excellent performance on the horizontal bars, and enlivened the business with some fun. An attractive it,m was that given by Watson who . went ' through come novel tricks in horseback riding. Hee Cann, stvlod the" Niueical King" gave an entertainment which washighly ap- prec:ated and earnod warm applause, flaidaing UP with a fine imitation OR his eencertina ot the bag- pipes playing" Cock o' the .North." A performan-e on the wire by " T-tra "w& another good feature. Little Toney the" Boy Rider " gave* splendid rid- ing performance, and his tricks wh'ch wtre quite fresh.were rewardsd with rounds of applause. Aiiss My trs ogain r•oceice.l the applause of the audience in a dashieat horse act. Cortland the clown kent the marrimen^, going during the nsxt, act,when JO3 Dirhy,the chem Pion jumper, was introduced to tha audience. Alter some splendid jumping feats which were well worthy of his reputation,larbY had a cab brought into the ring and successfully cleared it in the first attempt. We may sd4l Mr. Darby being anxious to have a match before leaving Hnglenl.is 'prepared to luaop any man in the world at stand forward jumps on the following 'ernes, viz, five for- ward lumoe ivi' h weight, ten forward jumps with weights, five forward jumps without weights, end tee forward jampo without we'ghta, the distances to each style to be put together and the man going the fnrthest to be declared the winner; and the match to be for not less than .2200 aside Alto getber thA entettainmeot was a surprise and if Mr Ohtny continues tc get enco talent his continued Popularity is assured, and fr un what vve know of Ologiv his eatertain,a,tnt is mere likely to im- prove th:Ja de erierate. A.-vieit to the Circus is well worh nnyne.,'s time, and the money expended atnplv repaid by the tinltlissisqr. and interest afforded.

ClAnnunv'i Oocrra is absolutetv pure, and is therefore ilia beet flo .It, la FL rOfreahing,stinauiating drink, and a nutriti- on food, containing no foreign sutntartees, such as kola, ma!t. The fv.tts cannot e to strongly linprsmiled that Cocos must be unadulterated to ensnre its tulle t beneficial effects. Always Insist on having UADBORY'S—scgd nly fa Packets and Tins--fis other Cowrie are often eut- 'Muted for the sake of extra proills.—ifilst. (3).

XAMINER FRIDAY AUGUST 26, 1898.

1"-e-4,-VrO

Total 173

SANKEY GREEN V. WOREINGMEN'S MISSION 2ND.-- Score : SANKEY GREEN. MIESION. BOHM b Smith

.... Tilling b Smith Marshall b Smith ll Smith run out Humphreys lbw b Clare ... 2 Clare b Humphreys Tomlinson b Clare ... ...... 1 Cook, Daniels b Humph 1 Daniels o Whittaker b rays •ISmith Gerrard lbw b Clare 8 Humphreys Crum orth b Smith ...... ...... 2 Gleaye at Haworth b Hewitt b Smith Lawton not out 3 Thompson b Humphreys 0 Henan b Clare 0 Whittaker c Marshall b Humphreys Best not out , Williams et Belliaa b , Daniels Extras l7 Extras 5

Total 53 Total 43 EIRLESTOWN V. WlGAN.—Played at Hariestown on Satur- day and resulted in a draw. score : WIGAN. EARLE-MOWN. R L Renick c Emmett b _ G Husband c Rennick b

_ Alderson 8 Barstow J Halliwell at Husband b T Marsh b Hopkins 8 Mitchell Barstow b Alderson 1 F P Clare ctc b B irstew 1 Hopkins o Harrison b Clare 16 W Crowther a Hopkins b 8 Ball b Alderson 1 Barstow ... .. ........... .... 13 A Bryllam b Alderson 0 T Mitchell not out l4 7 Gasket b Alderson Q 0 W Bmmett not out l7 F Hammersley o Marsh b J Alderson, 0 Hipwood Alderson H L.Tretman at Husband b ..... sen, did not bat

Mitchell IV F Goodwin b Alderson ll 3 T Gee not out Extras 7 Extras

Total 144 Total WARLESTOWN 2ND T. WIGAN 2ND.—PJaye3 at Wigan on Saturday. Score :

_ WIGAN. KARLESTOwN. G Roger b J Hatton H Ball o Greenall b F Reade b Roger e Limond T Asbton h Llmond l7 H Davies b Brown 1 A Ward b Llmond J H Naylor b I Hatton 3 J Burrell c Roger b Atbert on b J Hatton 2 Brown l4 G Duckworth at Greenall b R Robinson o and b J Hatton 4 Roger ... 11 Ralph e Burrell b J A Tarbuck lbw b Brown 6 Hatton 2 G Greenall b Roger 6 F Allan b Lin2ond A Mason b I Hatton .... ..... 1 3 Hatton b Roger ...... a- Brown not out 1 Extras 4 Extras 1 Total 72 Total

EARLESTOV7N W VAL EVANS V WittosOß WESLEYAN& Played at Wavertree on Saturday. Soore : BIRLESTOVIN WESIAVINS. WINDSOR W R9LEYANB. J Suiworth b Robson 4 Robson c Clare b Goslin... 8 J Wolfe b Evans 0 liimnier e Sulworth b H Clark c Rlmezer b Evans 0 Clare 1 E GOBI 111 h Rob MI 1 Ireland b Goslln 2 T Clare c Sharpe b Robson 0 Erndburn lbw b Clarke lO J Roberts b Evans 0 Stubbs o Goslin b Clare... 4 A Grissold c Evans b Rob- Le Brun c Goslin b Sod- eon 0 worth l2 ........................... J Marsh o aud b Evans... 0 Bullen b Clarke 0 D Robinson c Robson b Havers c Clare b Clarke Evans ........................ 0 Sharp b Clarke A Jones not out 4 J 8 Stubbs b Clarke 4 J. Anderton b Robson Extras ............... 2 Extras .

Total... ......... 11 Total ............ 47 Taman v. Nary/Torr.—At Leigh. Score : LEIGH. NEWTON. II Williams c Watkins b 0 II 11 Hindley e Jackson b Hindley Stewart o Henderson b C Jones st Hilton b Una- Hindley 0 worth Williams a C Hindle,' b Cooke o Williams b Jones llnsworth c Stapleford b Bates St Hilton b Una- Bates Turner c and b Bates SPon a Sharpies b Cooke Jackson c and b Bate' Pass o Cooke b Bates Coop c Stapleford b Cooke 11 Williams Smith b Bates •26 Chandiey not out lO Hilton net out 6 Staoleford run 311 t C Hindley b William. Watkins it Hilton 13. Turner 0 13xt roe 2 Extras 9

_ Total 133

Nowrnwtell v. RUNCORT.—The return match between these I clubs took place on Saturday: afternoon on the ground or the I former. The visitors were the first to bat, but their stay ' was short, the bowling especially that of Woods, being very ' effective, he securing five wickets for nine runs. Their inn- ings closed for 27. Hickson and Waddell commenced the batting for Northwieh, and soon registered the required runs, ' and this without the loss of a wicket. The captain having' been dismissed, Burgess filled the vaeancy, an i he was In- , strumentAl in obtaining 17 runs. Waddell, who scored 26, had the misfortune to be run out. The game ended in an easy win for the home team with eight wickets. Score RUNCORN. NORTHWICH. Evans b Woods 0 Hickson lbw ll Martindale b Waddell 5 11 Waddell run out 26 Etath b Woods 0 Smith st Booth b Clan- Bowles b Woods 2 di:lion Cross b Waddell 6 Newhall b Evans 0 Eurrows run out 3 Burgess o Burrows b Holmes b Waddell Clandillon b Woods 0 Gatley b Clandillon 4 Hulse b Waddell 0 G. Waddell a Cross b Price b Woods 0 Clandillon Bennett not out 1 Forster 0 and b Nu15e...... 3 Brown net out 8 Extras 8 Extras... 0 Total 27 Total Bl lIIINELL T. WIDNES—At Rainhill on Saturday. Score : SUIT/SILL. WIDNES. Taylor::: Twill b Jones 1 Metcalfe rand b Brown... 2 Tomlinson b Wall Mold (pro) lbw b Wall Bushby b Wall 6 Brown 5 Brown b June' l3 Callon b Mold 8 12nb9 a Wright b Jones Acker!: c Metcalfe b Jones 3 Brown 1 Macfarlane h Jones 4 Hampson o Taylor b Baxter b Wall 1 Mold 0 Holden not out 0 Jones b Brawn 6 Holland c Owen b Wall 0 Gardner lbw b 8r0wn...... 1 Wright b Brown Wall not out Forster b Mold 5 Extras 7 Extras 2

Total 52 Total FRODSHAM V. WiLLINOTON PARK.—Played at Frodsham on Salurcliy, p. T3malln took six wiekets for 17 runs. Fredsham declared tlseir honings closed. Score

IF RODS RA _lkt. WILLINGTON PARK. Ashton c Parry b C S Wk. J 11 Tornkinson it Jonas field 2O b Raiford 2 F Kennerley b J JO Tom- R A Tomklnson a Jones kinson... 1 b Halterd F Tomalla b OS Winfield 11 3 Mansell a Milford b F Norris-Jones not out 5l Tomalin Haltord c and b C S Win. Parry o 3 Tomalin b F field l4 Tomalin Dr. Selby not out W T Selby, N oholls Tomalin M Tomalin, Walker b F Toalln 0 and Illbbort did not bat. R Linnell run out 5 C W Tomkinson b F Tomalin Winfield not Out... S S Winfield b Raiford 0 Dodd b F Tomlin Extras ll Extras 2 Total (for 4 wkts) 121 T0ta1......... 29

===== 0002601_18980826_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

TIA.TDoCIE T. ECCLFSToN.—PIayei at filydook oa Saturday afternoon. Score

ECI MESTON. iiiltDeelt. T Pennington D M,wa l5 W Battle A Tcbhutt. ..... ....... ........... 3 A Harrison l5 T Hill , 5 R liaziehurst 35 V Warrien 5 11 Fairhurst H Tickle.... ....... ..... ....... .... 14 It Pennington WI Fenton W Naylor .1 hi ,we A Eridlestnne W Brooks J McCall J Hirizson l5 0 Greenall S Aepinall .. l5 J Livesley 2 s Winstanley T Dancer W Pilklngton 0 Dadfleld • W Mills . 2 J Lea J. Parker lO W Ogarsh l5 A ro":d „ lO 11 Whittle A Aspilvv.‘ 4 D Livesley l5 J frodgsoa lO A Baines

233 Majotity for Haydock 49.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

IA view of the approaching Football Season, it may be ha- terestino, to state that the world-famed manufacturers. GRORG6 G Ausonv & Ce„ of London, are preparing a stool of Balls, which for quality. uniformity and durability, will be unique. These balls will be distinguished by the appear- ance thereon of their well-known trade mark *MO. Ask the local Sports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not proourable apply to 36 to 33, Qu-en Victoria-street London. Factories Peckham, London ; and glmswell. Suffolk.

1 WARRINGTON Y. LEYLAND.—The Warrington team WAS again badly beden on S turday. The engagement took place oa the Arplev enclosure, and the Leyland team were the visitors. Score and bowling analysis : WARRINGTON. LEYLAND. J Callon 0 and b Tonge 0 R Kershaw b Tiiewlis ...... 2 Dr R Smith a Silcoak le A W Wilmott a& b Thewlis 9 Tinsley Thewlls a l'Anson b Toage 0 H Tinsley lbw b Smith 7 G Clarke* Bibbed B Silcock b Tonge SW Bibby b Bibbed. ...... .. 21 W Ribbed° Smith b Pod- Wid • iloock Is A Tinsley... 2 more 25 W H Po !snore c Wilm itt b J Stanaing, jun. net out 12 Ribbed J B Morgan c oilcoak b Tinsley la Ham peon not out A Thompson h Bibbed 2 Eixtras 3 Matra' 6

Total ............ 77 Total (for 5 wkt5)...153 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGT SN. LEYLAND. O. Y. B. W. O. lE. B. W'i Tongs Slloook Hlbkert .. A. Tinsley 7 4 3 3 7 W B bby J B MOrGall wm S i 'coo k 5 1 9 1 Wll Podasora 5 023 1

LEYLA.ND 211 D V WILMINGTON 2ND.—Thig match was play ad on the ground of the former on Saturday the home team be- ing winners by 72 runs. Score WLARINGTON 2ND Larr,ham 2tub: Siohard‘on b Bennion 6 Stunning C Sub b Cromp.

Adamson o gni I Bonnion 1 Eon 0 Otomp'on b Beam 22 Brown C Plinstnn b

_ Unswirth b Bearn l3 worth 53 Warburton lit Baum 6 Turner b Unsworth... 4 Thompion b Bowden 83 PIMII2 a Crompton b Uns. Kayos b Bennion vairclough b Br* ll J Baxendale b Thompson 14 Finston b Banal= ..... Adam ,on jun., b Bourn 9 °Tema b Crompton 0 Sub net out . 0 Barn b Crompton 0 Wood a Richardson b Unsvrorth Thmnien o Hayes b Una- worth P Enicendale not out 0 Hatras 3 Extras l2

Total B9

Total 161

BANICEY WIRE MILLS V. BIRKENHEAD GROSTENOR..—ThIs match was played at Lovely-lane on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the Wire Wills by 17 runs. Score: WIRE MILLS. GROSVENOR. J Brans run out 0 Lea b Simpson 4 Woodcock b Lea 8 0 Jones run out Marshall b 0 Jones 3 It B Jones at Cook b Lavell b Les 8 'Moon Clarke run out 4 W /1.7,,nes is Simpson 1 W divans b Lea 0 Harrison at Cooke b __ __ _ '

. ...... -- II Cooke c and b Lea Llewellyn o W A zones b Reggie b Simpson 0 Jones Hobson o Harrison b 0 Shaw b Hobson 1 Son.s R Cook not out 2 Evans not out Simpson b Lea ' 2 Tilton a Harshsil 4 Hobson . Extras 6 Extras

Total

Total 26

P. WALKER AND SON, LIMITED IST AL v. OSMANTON Marron, C.C.—Playad on Saturday. Sours : _

BREWERY. 03MASTON MANOR. J Whittaker b Hopkins 9 M Brown b T Allen 0 B Allen b G Jones 1 I Smailes b T Allen 1 I Arber c Howard b Hop- F Jones o Ashton b 'fill- ktne T Allen a Hopkins 9 G Alloopp b Tilling... ..... 5 J Bailey c and b G Jones 5 G. Jones a Tilling .13 T W Ashton sand b Hopkins 9 Allen T Todd b Hopkins I Tilling 0 Watkinson b F T Allen _ -

Jonos 3 FAlrhurst not not t Collins o tsis F Jones 0 A Watkinson run out 3 J Caine e&b Ci Allsop W Botrdney 0 Asl-ton b Tilling 0 G Mashford b Tiling Macrae l2 Bxtras 3

Total 66 Total p. WALKER AND 801 LTD., 2ND V WINVICIC.—PIayed 011 &thirdly. ere

_ . makwYny. WINWICK. filennon b Johnson 1 Brooks c Ormrod b Hiramll 14 Straw b Lloyd I Seed b Johnson 5 "%Tardy o Bimber b Seed... 13 Iliamber c Mattison b Sohn- W Straw b Seed ..... , ... 1 son ........ ................... Knight b Mattison-. 7 Knight 4 Lloyd run out 5 D .Teboson b Knight ...... 0 Houghton b Birchall 3 A Thomson 186, oat ......... 1 Boyne 1. Straw 0 W Orrorod b Seel.- ......... 0 11' Halt b Straw 0 R Bdengton b Seed ......... 0 Tlt2hott b Straw 0 J Pullan b Straw ........... 0 3 Atkinson not out Extras l2 Extras-. ... ......... 4 Total 46 Total ARLEY PARK 7. STOCKTON HSATEL—PIIyed at Arley on Saturday. Score : -

ARLICP PARK. ST ' C EMI' ETATE. Smith b nton N hybrid b ';haw tlr Lows e Shsw blingland 8 Po4mora b Ireland .. Nelson b Fenton I Ireland e Shaw b Fenton 0 J Ireland b B Podmore 6 Oxton J Oxtun b Barber Hotnby hit wkt b B trber... 2 Barber b Ireland G Oxt.on lbw b Fsriton ...... 14 Robin a Nelson b Ireland 0 Lever not ant „. lO T Johnson b Ireland Charlton b Fsnton 2 0 Johnson b Ireland Crispin b lingland 1 Crosby blr 4and Rattly' 4 Bxtras

_ Total B3 Total IIEW3IY WF.9I,I3YATC9 0.0. V. PADG&TE 00. (RE9EBVE Tatm )—Play.rl on the around of the latt-r. genre : _____

PEWS" Wen; yAiti. ...,... . PaDGATS. T Diann run nut 5 I Smith 0 Soe't b nkey 3 G GrirnAhaw b Smith 0 G Prone b Sankey ... 0 7 Sankey b Salfth L Scett, b Levering J Wilinian b Smith , Sankr

.. Small ...... 9 C Turner., b Sankey ........ P 91^Clair a Monks b W Tiowrinz c and b Ball 5 Smith l7 A Monks run nnt 2 W°4411149 a Parsonasta b It Cranzliton a Grimshavt Smith .......,... ... . .... . ..... 4 b Ball • 1 JIV TrAvla c Parsonaga b A Sinclair a Grlinshaw b Srni,h 1 13 ill I Ball h Turner . A Sinclair G Clarke h R Clark b 11111 Turry‘r C Sinclair jna not out ...... 0 Batras 1 Extras

T0ta1.... ....... 6-1

Total

PLDGATI? PvnusTRIAL RCEMILS V RT. Lux leg' (WARRING- TON). This match was played at Padgata nn Saturday, Score 1—

lst inns. INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS. 2nd inns. . Mr W Weetan c ii Ashcroft b Drudy Mr .1 ft lone, b 13..nr1y 14 4Cnilißatt 013 A•hcroft b Dearly 2 b Dandy . Mulligan b Dandy 4 0 b Ashcroft b Webbe ' Welaby b Bendy 0 not, ont 0 Quinn rim out' 3 b Denda, Lunn c Corradlue ta Rodwick 0 b Webbe 0 f,osh run out ... 0 b Dandy 4 touphlln b Cendv 4 Berry 0 Norrobln b Dandy 2 b Dendy Collins not out 1 rue out 0 4 ' Extras 2 Extras

Totsl 2O Total 47 Ist inns. T. LUKE'S. 2nd inns. Bendy run out Horrobin 11 don's - 0 b Jones B Ashemft e Weston b Jones 6 b Weston 7 Parr a Collins b Weston ll b Weston ll Webb. b Weston 13 Ashcroft a Loughlin b Jones... 2 Roderick b Weston 4 Jones a Collins t, WePton 1 froward c Mulligan b Jones Corrodine h Jones 0 Wilding not out 0 Extras 2 Pxtras 0

Total ~ 32 Total 37 LATSPLYORD BAPTISTS V ST. JAAlES'S.—Ptayed at Wilder- Spool on Saturday. Sows :—Latokford, 24; St. James's 21.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
X X RARE FRENCH * ENGLISH WORKS

Carfos, Facetice, Illustrations, &c 6 VERY VALUABLE PRIVATE COLLECTION. CATALOGUE If. POSTAGE 2P,

H. BOUVIER, 44, Rue St George's, X PARIS* X

===== 0002601_18980826_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHUTTOS.

C CLI S T US' i: PILLAR BRAND.

Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel. Enameltette and Brunswick Blaok. From all Dealers.

AGENTS: McIAAN AND CO., 13, SEEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CRICKBT.

The making of huga scoresorlaile interesting enough to the batmen and the spectators, does not alwaye tend to the winning of matches. If Surrey, as must be presumed, were really desirous of beating Lancashire, they went abut it in a very foolish way. Of course it would have been hard luck on Hayward if be had been told to get out, but cricket is a game in which the inter- ests of the whole eleven and not the inlividual must be considered. As it was, the Surrey innings, which reli- ned the huge total of 834, was not over un'il half past throe en the second day. Four wickets then fell for 116, a stand by Eccles and Baker staving off further disas- ter. On Saturday morning it seemed at first as if Surrey despite their bad generalship, would win after all. Shortly after one o'c'ock Albert Ward and Hallows went to the wickets for their ascend attempt. The pair settled quietly down to d4fensive play, and at two neither was out, though enly 36 runs had been scored. When the game was resumed the Surrey men worked with extra- ordinary kermess, but every minute that slipped by re. ' duced the chance of success; and thzugh now and again a wisket fell it was with long intervals between. Bowler after bowler was tried, but still the sena and the timo advanced. Whsn Tyldesley, who followed Hallows, was out the hour was approaching five o'clock, and all hope, of victory for Surrey were over. Albert Ward with his 63 not out deserves the highest praise. For four hours he played the most patient and steady cricket against a determined attack. To his judgment and cool nerve the draw is due to no small extent. As is only too common at the Oval, a small and noisy bind of rpughs hooted and jeered at his defensive tactics, thereby show- i•g that they were absolutely ignorant alike of the rules tkat govern vied cricketers or good sportsmen. Ward paid not the slightest attention to their remarks, and , continued to qui.otly play toe game up to its conclusnon at six o'clock, when four wickets only had fallen for 210 rune.

Once again have Warrington encountered disaster,tmt it is some consolation to know that it was at the hands of a team which has not been beaten this semen. The match took place on the Arpley ground with Leyland. the homers batting first. A poor start was macy, Callon falling a virtm to Tango's fine bowling at the thir. ball. Dr. Menial pl tvel a good game, and after seem: some changes in the batters,had J. W. Bibby as partn.er The pair made a determined resistance, Dr. Smith being eventual!, caught in that slips, having 33 runs to big credit. That reliable batsman J. W. Bibby scored 21 before dismissal. Clarke contributed a well played.ll.. After the Warrington captain retired wickets fell rap.dly and the Warrington innings closed for the poor total of 77 runs. Tones performance with the ball was a good one taking 3 wickets for 23 runs.

Th 4 start the visitors made was not promising. Dr. Smith and Thewlis bowling well. H. Tinsley, a former Warrington professional was accorded a hearty recep- tion, but was taken ots: lbw by Dr. Smith with ill 3 score at 7. A. Dooley made a rood stand, but Bibby relieving Dr. Smitn, stopped the scoring a bit. A Tinsley made the winninr, hit and was afterwards caught with 34 runs to his credit. J. Anson batted in splendid styl, for 63 (clot out;, and Hibbert also handled his bat we.l for 25. Tne visitors innings concluded with 158 ruus for the loss of five wickets.

The wooed elevens played at Leyland. The licme team winning the toss sent in Stanning and Brown to face the bowling of Crompton and Unsworth, and made a very poor start, Stataning being caught at slip before any score was made. Turner was bowled when he had made four. J. Baxendale after playing a slow game was wel talcs° at slip by Crompton. Calderbank and 'Brown took the scene to 130 before the latter was taken at extra cover for 53, Caldertank did not stay long afterwards having kis middle stump disturbed for 49. The innings cios.d shortly alterwards for 181. Uns- worth for Warrington bowled very well taking six wickets for 45. Warrington commenced batting with Adamson and Richard.on and when only one run had been scored, the former was caught and bawled. Cromp- ton next played a very good game for his 22. Thompson and Fairalouolt also played a good game but the innings only reached 89. It will therefore be seen that bath Warrington teams were beaten.

Tht Sankey Green eleven ace-muted for the Working- men's Mission 2ad team an Saturday gaining a victory by 10 runs. The batting did nr t realize any large scores on either side, Marshall /wading the winreng team with U. Cox son Smith batted well for the Mission, com- piling 15 and 12 rsepectively.

The Brewery team administered a defeat to the Osneas- ton Manor eleyen.Tilling was in good form with the willow retiring with 16 runs to his credit, the innings ef the Brewery team realizing a total of 66. The Mauer team, thanks te the good trundling of Allen and Tilling were dismissed far 30 rues, Tilling taking 5 wickets for 5 runs and Allen 4 wickets at an expense of 9 rune. The Brewery second eleven, also added a victory to their account against the Winwick eleveu.

The Sankey Wire Mills have avenged their previous defeat by Birkenhead Grosvenor eleven in decisive- style. The batting was not productive of heavy Bootleg by any members of the team, though H Cook for the winners batted neatly for his score. Simpson and Hobson bowled in their usual style, which bad the desired result, the former takiog five wickets for 13 and the latter fmr for thirteen runs. The resuit is to be accounted for, by thm determination of the local eleven to square matters,with Grosvenor which was expressed in cur last issue,though the Wire Mills will always find them formidable oppon- ents.

CYCLING. The three cycling commissioners of" Travel," Messrs. Fraser, Lunn and Lowe, are expected to arrive in England at Southampton en Saturday next by the American Line's S.S. "Kensington," after having car. ried out the most remarkable cycling journey which any Englishmen have yet accomplished. They left St. Pancros Church on July 17th 1898, were received by the ring of the Belgians two days later at his palace, the Chateau de Laeken, proceeding from thence up the Rhine,down the Danube to tho Crimea,were nearly three months traversing Russia, crossed the Caucasus and spent another three months among the wilds of Persia, and nearly a similar time in riding through the great cities of North India. They then cycled from Mandalay to the Burman-Chinese Frontier, riding down the whole extent of the Yang-tse-Kiang Valley. In Jaran the Marquis Ito entertained the trio at a ministerial ban- quet. They then crospel the Pacific, reached San Fran- cisco and found not the least arduous part of their task the journey across the American Continent. Their mounts throughout have been Imperial Rover Cycles. A. great reception by cyclists is being arranged for Mon- day next, the 29La lost., at Esher at 5 p.m., and the trio are to be accompanied by a large number of their countrymen from Eiher to their original starting place.

In consequence of a number of the members of the Warringi on Cycling Club being away on their holidays, which have chiefly taken tha form of cycling tours,there were hut few representatives of the club at the Satur- duv run which was to Higher Peover. The weather con- tinuing good a number turned cut far a run to Lymrn on Tue.day. The roads were in capital condition, the slight rain in the early part of the day having laid the du,t.

!i

===== 0002601_18980826_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER PILO.

The re-played tie between Warrington and St. fa e'ens was c )ntested in a most determined manner by these old rivals, though the opinion of these in the know was that the advantage would lie with the saints owing to the game being re-playrel in their own laths. Yet Warrington were leading in ths elrlier part of the game by a goal. The improved play of the Warrington team is apparent to anrone who follows their play,and)shou Id the improvement continue at the same rate, they will prove more than a match for S. Helene, whose better combination on Tuesdly night got them the result by a goal.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM FIRE AT PRESTON BEEOE.

Information was sent to the Warrington Fire Station by teleizrain shortly after eight o'clock on Tuesday morn;ng, that a fire had broken out an the farm of Mr. Robert Wade, Dutton Lodge, near Pres- ton Brook. The bricade, under Superintendent Turner, tursed out with the fire engine" Major," and on arriving at the farm found a large stack of hay, containing 70 tons, well alight. Two jets were got to work from spit about SOO yards away. When the fire had been extinguished after a few hours, the stack was practically destroyed by the fire, smoke and water. It is not known how the fire originated as no buillinvs are close by, and had the stick fired itself it would have been burning inter- Inally,whereas the stack was burning on the outside. The brigade arrived back at 7.30 p.m. The damage is £2OO and is covered by insurance:

ExcELsioß and NEW HOWE CYCLE3,—GA.RL AND Ironizonger, Warrington. NNW RAPID CYk;LB3.—GABLIND,:SI, Bridge-street, Warrington. plißm/ER cyclES, special terms.—CIARLAND, Agent Warrington.

I

"I

CHORLEY, MnRCHANT. "nTLAND-ROAD.

Nl.'

===== 0002601_18980826_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
11401

CROUP

I

OUR CIIAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE, SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. 4'l/4 18$18 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO Ed BEATEN, both for Quality and Finish. INsPECTION INVITE D. iserr CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but PttrChase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers or the Highest Reputation, LIBERAL DASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 691 BOLD :STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
i

FAILWAYkgTIME TABLE.

AUGUST FROM WARRINGTON

Acton Bridge--7 10, 7 301 8 12, 10 20, 1 5,2 55, 520. 50, 7 20, Sundays 1.11 15 a.m. Altsar and HillhouBe-7 12 8 31,1. 14. a 3 19,a 4 0 a 9 O. a 7 . Sundays 936, 25,93. a Stops if reguirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 3 O. 63 23, 7 10,7 35, 950, 10 40, 020. 1 50. 2 35,3,20, 5 20, 7 20. 11 35. Sundays 3 0,10 16, 4 5 11 35, aMondays excepted. 'Mondays only, Birmingham (Michand)-6 6. 909. 1158, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0 6 55,11 52. Sundays 11 45; 4 25, 515 p.m Blackburn -5 29, 5 45, 835, 955, 11 41, 1 15, 2 40,6 48, 850 Sundays 843. 60. Blackpool-5 29, 545. 835. 956, 11 0,12 25,1 15,2 40,3 50 451,648.717.80. 943. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 25,10 20, 1214.1 15,3 30,3 35,4 23, 6 53.7 17 920, Sundays 843 a.m.. 5 15. 828. p.m. rlißle-2 35 a m, 7 47,9 55.11 40.12 25,2 15, 3 48 6 48. Sun- days 2 37, 3 35. tAiester-'1 31.8 17,9 5,10 23,11 47,12 25, 1 18.1 40,2 10,3 13 4 22,5 11,6 4, 7 42, 1014, 1132. Sundays 2036,7 45,11 32. Collins Green-lb. 810, 925, 1010, 12 7, 1 15, 3 3J, 520, 6 58,7 8, 925, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe-a2 58, b 3 23, 710, 9 50, 9 50, 10 20, 11 35,12 0, 15, 1 50, 5 3, 520,622,720,756,11 35. Sundays 253,10 16, 4 5,11 35. aMondays excepted. b"dondays only. Daresbury-7 ,57, 9 5, 12 30, 2 10, 3 15, 5 11, 6 4, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a.m. 745 Pm. Derby (blialaud)-6 1, 846, 958, 11 55, i 2 20, 1215, 411, 50, 6 55, 1153. Sundays 515 p.m. harleston n-7 5,8 35.9 25,10 13, 12 7, 12 25, 115, 335,5 10, 6 58, 7 8,9 25,10 30,tiundays,8 35,8 43,a.m. 4 56,6 0,9 54 p.m. iddier's Ferry 3 Penketh-7 38, 8 15, 941, 11 53, 155. 3 20. 5 20, 6 17, Bb. 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. Frodsham-7 37. 9 5. 1023. 1230. 2 10, 3 15, 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 7 44,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 757. 831. 95.12 0 18. 2 15. 40. 70, 80, 59 40, dlO 20, 11.39 Sundays 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. /Saturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 529, 956. 1141, 1225, 2 40, 050. 5un- da3411,r31.,,,,,0 a.m.4 ,0, 5, 7 5,8 35, 925, 12 25, 1 15,3 50, 520. 7 17, 9 15. Sundays 8 43. 60. Hough Green-7 12, 757, 831. 95. a 9 30, 120, 18, 215. 40. 60, 70. 80, 59 40, alo 25, Sunday 90, 936 28. 239, 918. aSaturdays only /Saturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 U, 7 55, 52,7 0, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14. 3 15, 5 16. 935. Latctiford-Froni Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,90, 9 58 10 49, 12 36, 114. a 22, 3 38. 4 11.518, 613, 78, a 7 45, 927 3,mdaye 60, 1.82,811124 v. .a)-Sastubralayss .3311 y. 5 20, 78, 10 30. Sundays 35, 510 75, 8 10, 835 11 ,127,Liverpool 12(25. 1 15, 530, 8 35, 843, 3 za. 4 56, 60, 9 64. From High Level Plat torm. ablondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 33, 815, 10 9 11 53, 1 55. 3 2,0, 6 17,3 0, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12.7 07, 6 31, 95, 1024, 120,13.18,215,40. 6 16, 70, 8 b 9 4J 10 25 10 48. 11 39 uudays 55.1 1 25,2 39,7 10, 9 18.10 18,10 33, csatu ys only. a Except IMonday except Saturdays. r a I d London kL. & N. W.)-2 588, a 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, r 0 20, 11 35 ' s 9 J,9 120.1 10,0 0,5 20,622,11 34. ~..undAys 258,10 15, 45, 11 65, a Mondays excepted. bilondays only. London (Xl'll'lso-6 1, 846, 9 58, 12 55, 1 v,6 55, 11 52 , sundays 9 67 a.m.. 5 15 p.m. Lviniu-6 21 7 22, 80. 90, 9 58, 1049, 1 14, a 2 22 3 32. 4 b 16. 613, 78, a 7 45. 9 27. Suudays 810. 3 8 6 12. aSatuidays only Manchester (L. a N.-W.) a 2 50, 53 10, b 4455 45, 75,8 lu 825. 835. 919, 10 40, 12 14, 1 15,2 20. 3 32, 4 20, 5 20, 611 6 0,7 17,8 R. 9 20,10 30. Sundays .3 10.5 15,7 40,8 43 ri.m.,5 0 7 77, 13 28. Fram High Level Platform. aXendays only' Mondays excepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)--.0 20 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 11, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10. 7 5,9 10, 11 40. Sundays 846, 3 5, 8 lu, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92, 10 55, 11 23,11 50, 12 55, 105, 2 55. 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 6 55, 70. 765, 8 12, 50, 9 15, 955, Sundays 9.37, 35, 315 5 15, '1 16, 8 05, 9 26, 9 35, 10 0. Middlewich-7 30, 10 2J, 2 251, 5 355,7 20.63aturdays only, Mourn-? 30,10 20,1 54, 2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays lu 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,750, 8108 35, 9 19,10 20,10 40,10 55,12 14,12 25,1 15.3 30,3 48,4 21,5 20, 6 53 1 17,9 IA 9 50,1() 30. Sundays 3 10,7 40.8 43, a,rno 3 30, 51 13 0, 7 47,9 54. a:Mondays only, cAlondays excepted, Padgate-7 0, 7 65,8 2,8 4110 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20,1 44, 243. 3 55.5 26,7 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 856 10 14 347 615 9 3 . , , 5, Freston-237. 529. 545, 336. 955, 110, 11 12, 12 25, 2 40, 348, 444. 6 48. 7 17, 8 47, 9 40,a9 50. Suudays,2 37, 8 43, 335, 6 0 954. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38.3 16, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 80, situkey (for Penketh)-7 12, 758, 96, 105, 11 5, 120, 1 5, g 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60, 70,80, a 9 30, 510 20, 1046. Sun- days 9 0,11 25. 2 39, 93.9 18. aSaturdays excepted. /Satur- days only. cMondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line .843, 1055. 1855, 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 5 15, St.llelens-5 32, 75,13 13,8 35,10 0,10 55,12 7,12 25,115.3 35, 6 21620,7 8, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8.35. 8 43. 60,9 54 southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 15, 8 31, a 9 30, 11. 2, 114, 3 19,, 4 0,5 6, 60,7 9, 9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 93, aSatur- days only. 20, 7 22,8 0, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 1442 22,3 38, 4 11,5 16, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 1312. a Sat- urdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -756, 9 5 1.1 5, 11 0, 12 0, 1 5, 2 19, g 58, 40, 5 29, 110. 70, 80. 9 40, aS 40, 610 20. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39,9 18, “Saturday excepted. bSaturdays w idues (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 15,9 45, 109, ii 53, 1 55, 320, 6 40,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. wigan-2 37, 529, 5 45, 7 10,8 35, 956, 10 55.11 40, 12 25, 815 240. 3 48, 4 44, 520. 643, 7 17,8 47,9 40,9 55. Sunday, 237, 13433 35, 6 0, 9 54.

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 35, 8 52, 11 43, 3 28, 4 45, 120, 820 lundays 7 53. 4 32. Altear and 11i11house4 8. 7 18, 8 24, 9 54. Sundays 120,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 720, 95, 11 35, 2 5 i 40. 6 60,1 25,11 42. Sundays 3 10,12 45,7 10, 11 42. Birmingham ( gidland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 60, 11 48, 1 25, 2 65, 40 6 45. 610 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. blx- -spt Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 25,1 55,3 47, 6 27,6 35, 750, Sun

-- nayd,B 0, 1 47, 5 40,8 10: Blackpool (Talbot It)ad)-7 7, ,8 3,8 45, 9 55, 1035, 11 40, 12 35 2 23,3 15,3 37, 4 5,5 15,7 0,8 35,10 o.Suudays 7 25,1 35, 5 15, 7 SO. Blackpool (Central) -6 5, 7 25, 7 55, 825, 8 55, 10 20 11 25,1 5,2 10,2 55,4 10,6 15, 8 15,1010 Sundays 7 10,1 15, 50 8 4.). Bolton-5 45,8 0,8 40,9 40,10 35,11 15,12 15,2 20, 415,5 10, 5 55, 8 30,10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 6 15, 925 p.m. adatur-

CitWE: Carlisle-12 5, 640, 840, 10, 25, 422, 5 15, 730, Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 4 30,8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a, 7 z 5, 845, 9 40, 1012.11 5,11 40, 1 25, 2 10, 2 28, 3 0,3 56,4 55,5 5,6 35.7 35,8 5. 8 36. Sundays 2 32, 435, 6 30. 8 4 / a,m 6 55, 7 47, 80,. p.m. ablondays excepted. Collins lareed*-6 39,7 16,8 42.109, 11 28,12 38,1 4,1 43, 2 5 3 5.4 6, 535 623,7 47, 916, 10 46. Sundays 8 lu. a.m., 715. rewe- 2 1,4 55, 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 25, 2 45, 415, 65. 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 7 10. 2 45, 4 0 920. I)aresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 48, 8 47. Sundays 7,21, a.m. 7 3 / p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15, 935, 107, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,40, 4 17,7 5 B_6, al2 .35,3 53,3 35. Sundays 7 30,6 18, 665, .5 35. al3xoept

_ Mondays. Eartestown-6 61, 846, 9 32, 11 3.12 51, 5 52, 5 38, 5 30, 733,83, 9 15, 11 52, al2 0, Sundays 834, 952, 95, 724, asaturdays only. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 46, 12 24, 2 9, 3 27, 5 7,6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 812, 257,52. Frodham-7 55, 90, 102, 11 27, 232,47, 5 27, 6 58, 8 32, Sundays 9.a.m. 7 18 p.m. Clanton (Cheshire Lines)-7 32. 80, 90, 9 50, 1040, 10 48 120, 1256. 211. 32, 420. 4 56, 59. 556. 657. 724 93. Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. 8 64. Glasgow-a 9 5, 10 5, 20, 5 55. Sundays 5 50, 95, Mondays excepted. GolGorne-6 44, 826. 10 12, 1228,2 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15. 99, 1047. Sundays 9 40, 75. Slough Green-7 45, 8 15. 99, 103. 1055, 19, 150. 222 316, 523, 67, 7 11, 7 38, 9 18. Sundays 837. 920, 326, 3 45,4 45,9 4 9 10. lrlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 39, 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 undays 1059, 6 63, 8 43. 10 0. Latahford-7 52, 8 40, 9 34, 102, 11 17, 120, al 45. 2 13 30, 4 22. 6541. 6 7, 6 49, 749. 942. 1127. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdaya only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool(vin Barlestown)-1 0 a 2 .55,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25,11 50 11 6. 1 30, .3 '4O, 4 25, 4 50,c 35.7 5, 8 25,10 5.11 15,. Sundays 10 7 30,9 20. 6 30,8 40 Mondays only. Via Widnes - 6 25, 8 20, 96, 50, 12 30, 1 25,2 40, 3 35, 420 520, 65. 830. 10 45. Sundays 735. 2 10, 715. 1045. Liverpool (Central)-5 .30. 6 30, 7 10. 7 40, 8 33. 933. 1020, 10 33, 11 50, 12 35. 1 55. 2 33, 4 40. 4 50, 5 36, 6 35a, 75. 80, 40, al() 45. 811 0. Sundays 80. 90. 2 30. 2 50, 4 20, 6 30, 8 33. adaturdays only. bOaturdays excepted. London (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 715, 1025. 1130, 12 15, 230, 4 15, 6 30,10 oa, 120,. Sundays 120. aSatuiday night only. London (Midland)-5 15,10 5,12 10. 20. 40. So, a 9 15. 120, oun 'aye 120, 315. aexoept Mondays. Lymm-7 5, 832, 9 25, 9 54. 11 9, 1 11, al 37, 25. 2 50, 4 14, b 5 33, 5 t 9, 641' 741, 9 33, 11.19. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturds.ys only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (1. & N.-W.)--15 0, 7 45. 85. 95. 9 40,11 5, 1123, 12 40,1 5, 2 35, 3 0, 3 45, 4 25, 5 10, 5 15,7 10,9 20, 10 4u, 11 Ca Sundays. 80, 8 30. 90, 9 50, a.m. 60, 1040. From Exchange. aSaturdays only. Manchester (London-road)-7 0. 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 15, 20, 340, 855. 5 20, 65,7 5, 8 55, 1045. Sundays 730 6 30. 1 40,53aturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 720 8 30, a 9 5, 935, 1039. 10 s 5, 11 30, 1230. 1245, 13). 230, 3'30. 430, 4 48,6 3, 130. 833. 955, alo 35, 110. Sundays, 830. 9 10, 9 30, 10 41J, 1 40.2 0, 2 5.6 35, 830. aSaturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96. 11 57, 340, 50, 783. Sundays. 819. 458 Newton 655. 725, 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 109, 10 22, 11 2, 11 30, 12 48, 10, 1 28,5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 86, 9 15, 9 65, Saturdays 1 40, 32.37, 4 7, 418, 510, 535. Sundays 8 3j, 949, 10 0, 3 40. 7 20,11 5. Padgate 751, 8 26, 90. 1060 19a, 210,3 12a. 5 18a 7 39 9 25m. A Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Sundays 53, 11 20, 2 32, 9 12, 10 13. Preston 29, 4 5,5 63, 6 25, 8 15, 9 5 9 26.10 10,11 28, 12 15. 30, 3 55, 4 35, 6 43, 6 45, 7 37, 80, 8 30, 945. 110. Sundays 2 13, .4 5, 8 35, 3 0, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. liunc,irn 825, 919 10 15,10 26, 12 30, 125. 32, 4 40, 544, 623, 8 30. Sankey-6 63, 756, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20, 11. 24, 12 36, 1 36, 20, 240. 344' 435, 6 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 849. 108, 3 40, 5 7,928. Sheftleld-8 25, 11 5, 1 52, 55, 70,85, Sundays, 8 10,6 5. St Helens-6 30, 8 42, 11 2. 125, 2 46, 430, 5 50, 823, Sundays,? 45, 25, 725. Bouthport-8 5, lo 20, 11 15, 12 51, 2 10, 260, 3 55, 70, 810, 95.943 Sundays, 91, 20,50. Thelwall-7 48, 836. 733. 9 :2, 1113, 115. 1 41, 2 9, 265, 4 18, 5 37, 63, 641, 745, 931, 1123. Sundays, 819, 2 29, 7 2 Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-8 20, 9 15, 1010, 11 12, 1225, 125, 2 30, 3 25.4 25, 5 29, 6 12, 716. 7 56, 9 25, 11.42, a Sen• day, 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10. 920, a Saturdays only. Widnes (L. & N W.)-7 5, 8 56, 9 33. 10 30. 12 16, 12 59, 22, 3 20, 358,50, 555, 646, 96, 11 6, Sundsys, 8 14, 2 50 7 54. 11 6, Wigan-231. 35, 6 33, 815, p3l, 100. 11 23, 1 31, 230. 2 53, 6 0,5 20, 65. 736, 9 0, 10 35. Sundays, 233. 9 30, 3 25, 6 55, 11 13.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary MAILS. Postage. 5-0 a.m. Ashton-in-Makerfleld, Barlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. 910 ~ All places south of Crewe. 9-55 Ireland and all parts War of Chester. 10-30 Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day 1140 Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. 2-15 p.m. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and South Wales 3-0 Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick 4-30 ~ Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport And all Yorkshire. 5-30 ~ Wigan. 8-0 ~ All Parts—General Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. ~ All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RP.CEIVING HOUSE-

niarlestown

SUB-OFFICES -

'Ashton : Collins Green •Clotborne

Lowton Stubshaw Cross

_ Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton , Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statims (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-at., Golborne Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

===== 0002601_18980826_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 Nii. 110-15 a.m

===== 0002601_18980826_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
?arcalsar° despatched from the Receiving Office at Earl, town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- _ _ _ . .

1;e-1:land, and Linooln.ahire Cheater, Liverpool, Birkenhead, _

Southport.rrescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk WWI, & Earleto own London, Foreign, and the South ,ilidlant.l Counties & South Wales Preston, Nonla Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and

-- • . Chester Manchester

----- -- ndon and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland illasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- . _ .

cheater, Bolton, & Che„ater Loudon and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midland, Northern, . . _ . -

, stastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Weolston, Stockton Heath, and Stratton London & Foreign, South, and S - xyHastern Counties..

I To I By II Callers. I Postmen 7-0 5,.n., , .

1 a.m. 10-30 , 10.45 , 1.11-30 „ } 11-40

11-30 a.m

} 12-0

1/4245 p.m.

1 3-15 ,

5-30 p.m.

3-15 In,

6-45 aon•

}7 Oa. N ext. a

Steam Factory:

===== 0002601_18980826_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY. AUGUST 26, 1898

===== 0002601_18980826_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
D D 9S

BEST TIMEKEEPERS. GUARANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. In Sterling Silver Cases from £2 25., or in 18ct. Gold Cases from O. Illustrated Book of Watches, Jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, acc., post free.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
62&64, LUDGATE HILL, LC.;

Extra ad. Stamp

===== 0002601_18980826_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m

===== 0002601_18980826_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Wainc-D ars. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m.

_ • 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 roll• 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 P.fil• *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m.,2 and T p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5,10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 &

p.m. 6-40 p.m. E, 15 a.m. ancl 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m Ind 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
430 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 4-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18980826_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
—VALUABLE DINCOVERT FOR TILE 1-4AIR:---if your hair is turning grey or white or falling off Ulie the MENICA.F HAIR riENEWER, for it will positively nuitort, in every case, grey or ahlte hair to its original oalour. it makes the Lair hArroingly beautiful, as we 1 as prota .0,104,; the t.,rowth. Price 3s. ed. per tot tle.—Aavt.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
.

p AINSTAKI NO PRINTERS are now- clays sought for by business men who study re economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ;as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Association and Companies in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets &C.; and by Musical Union-, Pastors, and Choir Condmtors, for neatly and tasteiully arranged PIiOaRAMMES. BOOKS OF WORDS. PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRINTING FOR CORPORA LIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR ALL.

JOHN W ALK ER AND CO., EXAM INER FTEAM PRINTI W ORM.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,NANN.A.vA,?'

===== 0002601_18980826_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
41, --- „ • , , r ,*

===== 0002601_18980826_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
25, OLD BOND ST, W;

WATCHES

Makers of the "BANK," "LUDGATE," and "FIELD." Worn by everybody.

Special Chronographs as used for timing the Derby, Oaks, St. Leger, &c.

SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL.

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free.

28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C„ LONDON,

===== 0002601_18980826_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

===== 0002601_18980826_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILII ItUE L Lifn

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

' %

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig: .4. Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
°E;fltilYrs

-

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, MMUS BEncuat, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, ls. lid., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

CYCLBs t CYCLES For Ladies sad Gentlemen. •• ROYAL AJAX' are finest value. Carriage Paid.3o per cent •::heaper than elsewhere. mmense Stock. New and secondhand. Eaay terms. From 10e Monthly. OLD _MACHINES

EXCHANGRD.

1893 I I ustrated Lists Font Pre. Large Cycle•Ricling Soho° Tin& BRITISH YCLR MANUFACTURING CO., 45, EVERTON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

City Branch : 30, ELLIOTT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 Anneld.

SirgiTHALLPS PATENT BOOTS

NO SEAMS. NO Lg.cr.s. No BUTTONS. Imple,XagelliOUS and I,..:Orectfve. ' PAIR 12.6 (Carriage Free). Ta4e to meas of either -nlendid

J. direct to the Makers —sOUTHALL & CO., Road, LEEDS. (D 103), Kirkstzli

. , vs PIPINsYTIVEIA, I: pi FOR . FEM ALE S. • I (rimy 001111ECT ALL EMEGITLARITLES, PM/017E ALL tßsncucrrioNs, and relieve the distressing symptoms so . prevalent with the sex. Boxes,lai & 2/9 (contains three times she quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 24 stamps, by 15. 'T. TOWLE Dianufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham: ...' • rwrw, of Imitations. injurious and toorthlefis. - .

• z ( \ WY

S It- SAMPLL Ma-'-e ~...easnre bl , ack. or tan calf. Sple (.7.1n „.lity. Exeeneut Fmish. tattle In all Qualities' , (Csrvi On receipt of Fast Card, ~ Catalogue scut free to any aC.dress. - ':1:1,/,‘ ,•://Avee44 4 Zyky ',,, , ------ ~,, ',.... 4., G eive measurement over 41. sock, in inches, in Pieces " , shown on Pig. with Tl.hual '',",:o. \\*..." size worn oh-, or send o , . \'.".... boot by Parcel Post. State whether narrow, :medium, or broad toe. send P.O. z.,.. Sr

===== 0002601_18980826_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
VARICOCELE.

ITS YFFECTUAL and PAINLESS CURE by the latest and most improved method of treatment for this di-ease witi, its attendartt troubles. Illustrated lestlA, entering fully into the subject, sent in & 11. in seal ed envelope in receipt cf two stamps.

THE MARSTON COMPANY, 69 AN) 60, OtiAN'ERY-LANE, LONDON, W.C.

Established 33 yea's.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980826_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
i

11

I : 4 , .0. ...i

4 "

1

t

I

It ~, .

U

===== 0002601_18980826_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
USE

, . ' ,

i4a

i' 1,...:, . „.,,,

;, al; !`,l-' I ;

===== 0002601_18980826_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
letterg to tbe Obitor.

A CHAIIPEETOUS AND ILLEGAL AGREENIENT

Sir,—l have b.ien inEructed to call your attention to an important proneunc en int which has hem made by the Committee of the Incorporved Law Society. During the settlement of a series of libel actions (arising out of the simultaneous publication in a large number of news- papers of a news-agency report) certain documents came to light which determined a defence combination of the newspaper/ concerned to bring the conduct of the plaintiff's solicitor to the notice of the Incorporated Law society. An affidavit setting forth the facts was accordingly prepared by Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, acting for the combined newspapers, and evrorn t 3 by the writer,as secretary to the Defen e Com- bination, and council were inetruett d by Messrs. Lewis and Lewis to appear for the newspapers before the Cern- mittee of the Law Society, who held an enquiry into the case. In the course of the inoeitigation which fol. lowed,it was proved to the satisfaction of the cumin, e that the solicitor whose conduct was imptiened had entered into a written agreement with his client by which he was to receive, in sat sfactien of his solicitor. and-client costs, one-third of any d images which might be recovered. The following is the text of tha agree- ment in question We are willing to act as your solicitors in recovering for you damages against the various newspapers, and as payment for our toll solicitor-and-client costs we are, out of the damages so recovered, to have one-third and to pay you the bilance in full." After a full and exhaustive enquiry the Committee of the Incorporated Law Society found, with reference to this agreement, that, "although made bona fads, it was ohampert ms and illegal and ought not t 3 have been entered into by the respondent." Holding the view that arrangements of this description are of too frequent occurrence, and that they have a tendency to foster litigation, the newseaper proprietors by whom lain in- structed believe that, in the interests ef the public, the Important conclusion of the Incorporated Law Society above quoted should be made widely known, and I am accordingly to suggest that this letter, which has been submitted to and approved of by Messrs. Lewis and Lewis, (or the sulxtince of it should be published in you: newspaper.—l am, Sir, Yours faithfully, H. WHORLOW, Secretary of the Newspaper Society, 14, New Bridge-street, London E.C.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTISMAL REGENERATION.

Sir,—l am quite willing to grant that no one can give ehapter and verse to prove the necessity of Infant Baptism. The great St. Augustine,Bishop of Hippo,telle tis that no more than a " cosjecture " of this doctrine ean be derived from Scripture. Bet let us ask ourselves this qu- stinn : is all revelation contained in the Bible ? Let Protestantism supply ths answer. The Protestalt believes many things which he eacnot prove from the Bible ! He believes, azainst the Baptist, in the validity of infant baptism, though there is no mention of it in the Bible. Why does hi believe it ? On the auth irity of the Catholic Church ! He b ilieves, against the Qu liter, that swearing under certain circumstanses is lawful, theuen the Seriptures bii us to " swear not at all " (St. Mettbeee 5-34). Why deee he believe it ? On the a ithority of the Catholic Church ! He b ilieves that the Bab oath should be observed on tne first day of the we ik, tuough thi Bible expressly says the seventh. Levit.23-3; St. Luke 2.3-56). Why does he believe it ?On the autao- rity of the Catholic Church ! He believes that meats contsinio4 bleed may lawfully be eaten, though such eating is expressly forbidden in the Old and in the New Testiment. That the " washing one another's feet" is not now a Christian obli- gation, though it is solemnly enjoined by Christ ("Ye ought to wash one another's feet" Sze., St. John 13). He believes in the Canon of Scripture' in the in- ert itisn of Scripture, in the Revelation in Scripture, sele'y on the authority of the Catholic Church ! Lastly ttae Church of England Protestant believes as "An article of Faith that the Holy Scripture containetle all things necessary te salvation" (the sixth of the Thirty Nine Articles), though on what authority he believes that no one knows, nor does he know himself. Certainly not en the authority of the Bible. The Bible interpreted by private judgment was never iateaded by our Divine Lord to be the sole rule of faith. He bade His ministers to go forth and teach and to preach ; there is no gees- tion about the distribution of bibles. He said :—Going teach all nations; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you. And behold I— " the God of truth"—am with you all days even to the end of the world." " He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, He that believeth not shall be damned." (St. Mettle. 28-19 : St. Mark 16-16). So that when the Protestant affirms the Bible alone to be necessary, he contradicts Jesus Christ! Moreoves Sc. Paul tells us with equal clear- ness that we acquire faith, not by reading, but by hear- ing. He says :—"How shall men invoke Him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in Bill] of whom they have not beard? And how shall thy hear without a preacher? Consequently when the Protestant asserts the Bible alone is necessary he con- 2itradicte St. Paul! Furthermore, the Protestant rule, is barred by prescription, it is discredited as a novelty ! .There certainly was a time when the Protestant rule was Inot known. The Apostles acted upon the Cathelic prin- t eiple,urgine the claim of the living teacher t) obeclienc', ! and the practice of the Church was the same in subse- quent ages. For a whole century the Chris:lin Church existed without the Bible, as we have it now; and the only guide was the living Divine Teacher, the voice of Christ in the Catholic Church. "He who hears you hears Me." There is a remarkable passage in "tones" letter which demi yes special notice. It rune thus: " The doctrines of Christianity are not based on speculations, however clever they may be, but upon clear and intelligible utterances of the Divine Word." We will, by an illustration, show how the Protestant rule of faith, leads to the " clear and intelligible utter- ance of the Divine Word." Take four honourable and good men, ministers of religion iit this town ; (1), the Rev. F. Slater, M.A., (Anglican) ; (2), the Rev. E. T. Reed (Reformed Church of England) ; (3),the Rev. J. T. Schofield, (Baptist) ; and(4),the Rev. W. H. Drumneme, 8.A., (Unitarian). Each believes in the Bible. Each, no doubt, approaches the study of it in becoming dis- positions. They all no doubt crave God's grace, and light, and assistance. Yet each one rises from his knees bolding a Walls- different, and irreconcilable doctrine. The Protestant vicar of St. James's, finds authority in the scriptures for a sacrificing priesthood, for priestly absolution, and for the real presence of Christ in the ' Blessed Sacrament. The Protestant vicar of Emmanuel, on the other hand can find nothing of the kind. " This is My Body " means one thing to Mr. Slater, and anther thin to Mr. R. riel I Mr. Drummond, who is a Unitarian, as clevet and sincere as either Mr. Slater, or Mr. Reed, takes up the inspired writings,and he can find no proof within its pares even that Christ is God. Mr. Slater and Mr. Reed hold the necessity of 1 —and for ought I know to the contrary—hold 1 that even infant baptism is valid ; but Mr. Schofield re- I 'Radiates this practice. Here verily is a house divided against itself. To sum up,Catholice believe truth to be one,and that it cannot be anything but one,and in har- mony with itself. We hold that two churches teaching contradictory doctrines may both possibly be false, but by no possibility can both be true. That they may both be true we regard as a metaphysical impossibility,a self- evident absurdity. But if instead of two, there be five or six hundred claiming te be true Churches of Christ, the absurdity becomes more glaring and monstrous. That there can be but one true church follows, not merely from the intrinsic natur3 of truth itself, but es) from the repeated and express declaration of the Divine Founder of Christianity—e g., " There shell be one fold or flock, and one Shepherd " (St. John x 16). "Be ye all one body and one spirit, as ye i are called in one hope of your canine. One Lord, one faith, one baptism" (Erb. iv 13). If unity be essential and viAlly important, what consti- tutes the band of unity P " The Bible," cry out the Protestant churches. " The living and imperishable Voice ef the divinely assisted and (becau4e divinely assis- ted) infallible Church" exclaim Catholics. The one eystem maintains true unity in a community of three hundred millions, cowistine of every race and nation, and charactir, and disposition, and language under heaven. The other system C 2 nnot secure uniry, even within a National Church, among men of the same race and country, and of the same general character and antecedents—nay, cannot secure unity upon the Most Vital points of Christian doctrine either among the people or the clergy, or even among the bishops themselves. Yours, .ltc.,

SCHRUM CORDA

PADOLTE INDUSTRIAL V. PIDOATE NATIONAL SCHOOLS Played at Padgele on Wednesday. the 24th inst. Score :

PAI3G•Ti ilfitT. STALL.

Istlnninge7- .'"----ind Innings. p Mulligan rand b Walsh 1 lbw b Holcroft ... .... . 11 p Mulligan a Moral b Holcroft 0 run out Loughlin b Walsh 2 b Walsh I M.Mahon b Holcroft 0 c Critchley b Holroft 0 D M'Mahon b Holcroft . Lunn 0 Monks b liolerott ...... 0 e Leach b Holcroft 1 Welsbv b Moleroft 2 run out 0 Quinn not out ........................ 10 u Holcroft .. 0 Fearniey run out .................. 0 Lush b Holcroft ..................... 1 Collins run out ............... ....... 5 Extras ..................... 5 Extras .... _

—1 Total .. ._............... 22 Total (7 Irkte) 2B FABOATE NAllons.x. .... 1 liolcreft c 33 ulliganb Mulligan „, , sluing.. 2 b Mulligan Walsh a and b tallabon ...... ... 0 ° .m 2 Potter run out Datntith c Quinn b Mulligan 2 OW. elsby b Mulligan... 01 Andrews a 12•Maboa b Leach a Coll'ns b 11 uIII g a n mullion ....... ... ....... ..M: Mahon 2 2 0 Nairn bma &Tabun 1 Turner run ont 1 b Mulligan ...... ..--. 0 Monk• b Muutgan 0 run out a 0 Critchley b L Lyons b D Alliahon M'kfahon... 0 not out . Walton Rot out • 0 run out Extras ..................... 1 Extras

_ Total

Total ............ 19

ASK-for CUNNIZIGHAH'S HIGH-CLASS MINNEAL WATIIIB.-4did•

===== 0002601_18980826_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TECHNIC AL

INSTITUTE.

RESULTS OF EXLMINATIONS.

The following are the results in the examinations held some months ago in connection with the above men- tioned institute. SCIENCE AND ART DEPARTMENT: ART.

ELEMENTARY MODEL :—Firat Class: W W Bouchier, A Buckley, Marie L Comey, A Grounds, W I Hu(me, A Maybe, W Jenks, & W Perris, Mary B Ward. A J White, Kathleen E White, Lucy Williams. S vont! Class: Annie Andrews, F A Bat, C Barlow, R C Byrne, S E Barlow, `Gatti L Barrie, Jessie Ball, Rhoda Bond, F Bate, J Burley, Frances Balton, F Coakley, Maud Clay- ton. Alice V Crornp'on, E titk 1. D ivies, Ethel Dunn, Mabel England, Winifred. J Evans, Viet K Finney, Helena Ford, Miry Green, A R Gleave, Ethel Gornall, Nina Gerrard, Helen C Harrison, Florence Hot, E Ikin, E C Jones, T Kenyon, W G Limb, Elizabeth Longton, J R Lawton, Violet Lloyd, 11 Massey, KW D Macrae. Ethel Mottrarn, May Perris, Leonora Poole, 9 J Price, E S Rinamer, Jean B Shirlaw, F Swift, W P Taylor, Polly Taylor, Arline B Tuft, G Topping, G A Walker, May Woodin, Lucy Walsh, G E Wallington, Margaret Whittle. . _ _

• ELEMENTARY FREZHIND:—First Class: Mary H Karp F Hare, M L Heywood, Katie Miller,Fl 9 Robinson, Jean B Shirlaw, Kathleen E White, Lucy Williame, A 3 Wat- son. Second Class : G Bolton,Frances Bolton,F A Bate, Rhoda Bond, Vashi L Barnes, W W Bouehier, Beswiek, F Coakley, Maud Clayton,Alice V Crompton:Else Dale, Edith L Davies, Mabel England, Victoria K Finney, W Gandy, Mary Green, Ethel Gornall, A Grounds, Helen C Harrison, B Hibbert, Lelage Hallwood, Florenee Solt, Maud E Hudson, W Jenks, E C Jones, Ethel Kenyon, Mary Lake, J R Lawton, Violet Lloyd, Elizabeth Long- , tan, Harold Lond,n, A E Meorfield, K W D Macrae, Enaily Matthews, H Massey, Ethel Mottram, A Mayhall, ' Leonora Poole,May Perris, L Praeger, A W Perris, Polly Taylor, Florence A Towers, Margaret Whittle, George E Wallington, Ethel H Welsby, Mary B Ward, A J White, Ellen Womersley, W W Winatanley. ELEMENT/RP LIGHT AND SRAM—First Class : Annie Clark, Evelyn Daintith, Mabel H Earp, Helen C Harri- gan, Helen B Henshall, Ethel Kenyon, Ethel Mottram, Lucy Walsh, L R Wilson. Second Class: F Bate, G Bolton. J W Molyneux, May Perris, Leonora Poole, W B 1 Smith, Louise Walton, H Wharton, Ellen Womenley. GEIMETRICAL DRAWING :—Fags: T Atwell, S E Barlow, F A Bate, W W Bauebier, J Burley, Helen C Harrison, W G Limb, Ethel Mottram, T el'Whirter,e. W Penis, E S Rimmer, F Swift, H Wharton, A J White. , Ellen Womeraley. ADVANCED FREEHAND :—Firs t Class H H Dell,Mtbel H Eup, Helen C Harrison' Helen B Henshall, Ethel Ken- yon, J W Molyneuz, Ethel elettram, Emily Plinston, E Rigby, Frances G Timewell, H Wharton. ADVANCED MODEL :—First Class: A H Coatel, Minnie Garnett, KM P cton, H Wharton. Second Clues: Hll Dell, Ethel Kenyon, Emily Plinston. ADVANCED LIGHT AND SHADE : —First Class: Minnie Garnett, Helen C Harrison, Ethel Mottram. Second Class: K A Swanwick. ELEMENTARY PERSPECTIVE :—Second Class: Bertha Bouchier, Agnes H Coates, B H Dell, Mabel H Earp, Kathleen M Picton. Dessetz :—Advanced, Second Class : It Daintith. Ele- mentary, Second Clue : Bertha Bouchier, Katie Brun- drett, Minnie E Benton, Agnes H Coates, Florence H 1 Laverock, Kathleen M Picton. ANTIQUE :—Second Clues: Bertha Bouchier, Agnes H Coates, Gertrude Pickavance. PAINTING arum LIFE :--Second Class: A H Coates, K M Picten, K A Swanwick. PAINTING OF ORNAMENT :—Second Class: Katie Brundrett. _ _ .

CERTIFICATE WORKS ACCEPTED :—Agnes H Coates (1), R Daintith (2), Fl Dell (1), Minnie Garnett (1), KaTh'esn Victors (1), Emily Plinston (1), Katherine Swanwick (3). CARDS OP MERIT (Continuation School :—Alf red Arnold, Rowland B Arden, John Hazlehurst, Herbert Jones, William Jones, Mary A Lea' Edward Malone, Thomas Malone, Herbert O'Brien, Agnes Richardson, Patrick Sexton, Eiwin Sharpies, William J Sharpies, William J Teft, Joseph Twiss, E L Warburton, George Wheeler, Thomas Whitfield. LANCASHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL, County EXllibitioll (Art) :—Value £lO. Minnie Burton, Agnes H Coates, Florence H Laverock, Emily Plinston. SCIENCE AND ART DEPAR TMENT_ : SCIENCE.

PRACTIC&L GROMETRY :—Advancal Second Class ; W J Ball. Elementsry First Ch's. W A Cummins. Ele- mentary Second Class : J Gnrard, Elizabeto Longton. MATHEMATICS :—Stage It., Second Class: JEI Both, R Clare, H Rigby. Stage I, First Class J E Bertles,W Daintith, N Nield, A S Wataon. S4nond Class: F Baker, A Briggs, G Harding, E W Birk, T E Knowlei. BUILDING CONSTRUCTION :—Elementary First Class: W Barnes, H Burrows, El W Whittle. E'ementary Second Class R Burthem, RW D CJok, E Davies, J Davies, J L Hawthorn, J T Orton, J P Prince, T F

MACHINE DEAWINCI :—Advanced Second Class : E Bartle', H H Gor4, J Percival A Spruce. Elementary First Clasi : J Barlow, A E Chamberi, G C Lipton, Massey. Second Class: G Baker, A Lewis, A Wocd-i.

Syn.= MECHANICS :—Elementary First C'ws : T Hughes, J Massey. Second Clais : C Horobin, J Light- foot, H Mackey. Smut :—Eletnentary First Class: F S Bate, F Bullen, J Percival. Second Class: P Booth, Ak_Woods.

MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY :—EIEDISOtary First Class: H Bunclo, H Landon, W Lloyd, W Wicks, W W Winstanlay. Secood Class : A Briggs, C J Hayes. Iwo aura.= CHEMISTRY (THEORETICAL) —Ad canoed S 'cmd Class: E Ball, T Dixon, C J Smith, S Swim:l'es, F Womersli. Elementary First Class : A Evans, H Gray, G 13 Kendrick. Second Class : T Reddish, J Smallwoo 1. INORGANIC CHEMISTRY (Practical):—Advanced Second Class : G Carruthers. Elementary First Class : A Evans Second Class t H Gray. ORGANIC CHEMISTRY (Practical) :—Etementary First Class: T Dixon, C J Smith. PHYSIOLOGY:—Advancei Second Class: Ada M Glover. Elementary Second Class : Ellen Gandy, Helena K Kent. HYGIENE :—Advanced First Class: Lucy Plinston. Second Class : Ada M Glover. Elementary First CIASS: Helena K Kent. Seoond Class: Helen Gandy, Margaret Womersle y . CITY AND GUILDS INSTITUTE, IRON AND STEEL :—Ordinary Grade, Second Class; H Alcock.

UNION OF LANCASFHRE AND CHESHIRE

INSTITUTES.

ARITHMETIC :—EleineiCii;3; -First Class : Mary L-a. Elizabeth Marshall, Agnes Richardson, W Barnes, Mary , Mills. Mary Richardson, J B Wilkinson. Second Class : I A Albinson,Georgina liarlow.J Barnard. L Barton, L Burrows, A Cooke, J Crcss, G G Dawson, J Delaney, 0 Dickenson' Albert °leave, T Green, Mary L Haley, J Hainpson,J Hazolhurst, I Henaminzs, P Jenks, C Jones, PI Jones. J Knott, W P Langley, E Malone, F Mellor, W O'Brien, H O'Brien, H Ormesby,W Ormesby,& Penning- ton, W Rutter, W Scragg, 0 Sinclair, J N Vernon, T Whitfieli, P Winstanley, J Woods, Echel Yeomans. ENGLISH :—Elementary Second Class : Georgina Bar- low, J 8 Bowcock, F G Kite, Agnes Richardson, Mary Richardson, J H Wildman. GEOGRAPHY :—Second Class : T H Ford, Albert Gl, ave. Music (Runnuarirs) —Pass:l Emily Broadhurst, W R Cross, Ella London,S Rowootham. HANDWRITING :—First Class w J Barlow, H Dale, W Hopkins, F T Light, A Pennington, W Rutter, E p Tuson,C Wools. Second Class : J Barnard,JJ Critrh'ey, J Hazelhurst.T J Hopkins,P Jenks,W B Mdlor,S 11-eves, 0 Sinclair. Third Class: L Barton, F Doan, T Green, I Hemmings. W P Langley, G Webster, J Woods. SHORTHAND :—First Class P W Boardman, J 9 Till- I in'. Si,c mid Class: B Baker, F Broadhurit,A E Burdett, J .1 Carpenter, R Carpenter, C Clarke, .1 T Gordon, H Haviour, E Lawrance, C H Lorigshaw, W Moores, Payne, W Rigby, G Skelton. B Williamson. Third Class: F Dumbill, C Eccles, Hirding,T Hopkins,J E Knowles, RE Pennington, James Pharaoh, J G Pidduck, B PA- more, H Ra-hbone, W Rutter, G Smi' h. A C Smithson,F White. Elementary : W J Barlow, F G Kite, F T Lizht. COGEERT:—Third Class : Lilly E'ilier,ley, Nina Gerrard, Mary L Haley, Sarah E Horobin, Mary Mitt,, Annie Wallington.

NEEDLEWORK :—lntertneiiate Second Claes: Sarah E Horobin. Elementary First Class: Haley, Agnes HighTey, Nellie flushes, Elizabeth Jackson, Eva Kirk, Eleanor Lawton, Eva Morrall, Cissie Owen, Eliza Simp- son. Hniel Yoemans. Second Class : Lily Eckerslev. DuEssmssmo : —Firs Class. Fanny Clegg, Cava Davenport, 13 -atrice Fletcher, Elizabeth Oxley, Lilian Pdkingtnn, Eimn Wavwe'l. Scond Class: Lily B:rner, Elsie Bond, Mary Devlin, Rebecca Gouzh, Eliz tbeth A Lloyd, Jane Peers, Mary A Proud, Robinson, Ada E Smethurst. -

FRENCH :—Literary Second Class: Agnes Seawards. Third Clses : Agnes Cuppage. Comrn-rcial mnd Class E W Kirk, J B Storey. E'ementary Second Cites : Mary J Cirpenter, Ernmie M Sudeon, Gertrude Budsm. Third Clat,s : Sarah J Brandreth,lmuie Dein- tith,Maud Hudson Amy G Mountleld, Beatrice M Meld, Eth-113 Welshy, Luc? Whittle, Maud Wood. Wooncenvhso :--Smond Class : S Beswek, B3atrice Lees, Ei 8 It:b.nson. Third Class : J C Beswick, Agnes Dolan, Minnie Smethurst. ARITHMETIC :—Senior Commercial Second Class: W Hopkins. Third Class: W Daintith. G Smith. Junbr Co -ernerei al First CI xss : JL. Warburton. Second Clam P Tuson. Third Class : W J Barlow, J S Bowcock, J Burley, F Light. BOOK-KEEPING:—First eslB9 : W Bleas, F T Hurling, John HPdiish,W 0 Tatinr, F White. Second Clan J Gorst, W Moores. Third Claes : J S Bowcoak,A. 0 111dch, LI Hathbone, G Sm ADVANCED ACCOUNTS !—Third Class : F Hollingsworth, Efitowles. SPANISH :—EleMentliy, S Toad J B Storey.Third Class: G Skelton.

V.—smN RUGS llreeaed, Cleaned, and Line i. r alterations of every description. B. COOK PJ " Manufacturirg Furrier, 21Renshavr-stre et„T., v rPool• Es' tablished 24 years

===== 0002601_18980826_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINET?. FRIDAY, AUGUST 26, 1898.

SUDDEN DEATH OF AST. HELENS CLZRIC.

Joseph Sandiland, a clerk residing at 20 Grmdshaw street, Mill-lane, S. Helens died very suddenly on Sun- day afternoon. De:teased who was Alty-five years of age, had been in ill-health for a considerable Um', but bad followed his employment. He was taken suddenly ill about one o'clock one Sunday afternooa, and died before medical assistacc3 could be obtained.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AD NEWTON. I

POLICE CASES.

At the Earlestown Police Station on Monday morning, before Mr. C. B. F. Borron, the following were each fined 23. ad. and costs for being drunk in Earlestown on Saturday, viz., John Quinn, Patrick Concannan, Michael Hughes, and Thomas Killilea. EA.RLESTOWN PRIM/TM& METHODIST CHAPEL.

Special services were held in the above chapel on Sunday in aid of the Trust funds, when excellent sermons were preached by the Rev. W.H. Daven- port, of Chester. In the afternoon, a service of sacred song entitled " Tom Cobb's Temptation " was given by the choir, the narrative being read by Mr. T. Ormand. Mr. W. Banton conducted and Mr. A. Banton presided at the organ.

Sr. JOHN'S CHURCH, EARLESTOWN. Oa Sunday morning and evening, special sermons were preached in the above Church by the Rev. J. G. McGubbin, of Platt-Bridge, Wigan, in aid of the choir picnic fund. In the afternoon a short service was held, and the Viaduct band was present and played selections of music, including "Rousseau's Dream," "The Better Land" (cornet solo by J. Stevenson), and "Kyrie and Gloria " (Mozart's 7th Mass). Ihe collection in the afternoon was in aid of the Sunday School teachers' picnic fund. The congregations were not large at either service. CYCLic ACCIDENT kr EARLESTOWN. On Tuesday evening a young fellow named Samuel Mather living in Market-street,Earlestown, met with an accident whilst riding his bicycle in Park-road near the Cemetery. He was riding up the road in the direction of Earlestown, when he was run into violently by Arthur Purnell who was riding towaris Newton. The force of the impact threw Slather over a hedge into a field, and Purnell was thrown violently to the ground, both machines being damaged. Mathbr had two fingers on his lett band broken, and two others very severely bruised and his left leg injured. Purnell escaped with a slight injury to one of his hands. EARLESTOWN WOMEN'S CO-OPERAT/VE GUILD. . . .

On Monday in beautiful weathera moat enjoyable picnic was held in connection with the above guild. Upwards of 80 women and children left the headquarters of the guild in wagonettes,about two o'clock, for Abbey Lakes pleasure grounds, Orrell. The drive was of • pleasant character, and a bugler who accompanied the party heralded their approach at various stages of the journey. An excellent tea was partaken of at the hotel, and the evening was spent in boating and other pastimes, home being reached about ten o'clock. The arrangements were carried out by the committee.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN FANCIERS ASSOCIATION.

on Saturday evening, the members of the Earlee- town Fanciers Association held a knife and fork tea at the Oddfellows Arms, Farlestown. A capital spread was provided. the alter proceedings being presided over by Dr. Patterson, the gathering being of a convivial nature, several short speec.,es being , delivered. During the evening Dr. Patterson pre- sented three silver medals to those members 'oho showed the best birds in the last show in various Idepartments. Mr. F. Lithgow took the medal for the best working homer in the ehow, Mr. J. T. Holt I for the best fancy bird in the show,and Mr. W. Bray Ifor the best cage bird. Toe balance sheet was pre- sented awl showed an increased balance in hand, and indicated that the Society was in a flourishing condition. The resignation of Mr. Arthur Smith as President was accepted and Dr. Patterson was elected in his place. Nolvrrox PAPER WORK'S EXCURSION. The first of what it is expected will prove to be an annual excursion for the employees of Messrs. Gillespie and Mason, the Paper Mill Newton, took place on Saturday under very favourable circum- stances. At 8-15 a special train of 17 coaches left Newtoa-le-Willows station, conveying about 330 persons, for Morecambe. The weather was all that could be desired, and after a short ramble along the promenade dinner was partaken of in the din- ing hall of the Winter Gardens. A number of the excursionists broke their journey at Lancaster for the purpose of visiting the Castle, but owing to the Assizes being held, they were unable to do so until the afternoon, when they drove over from More- cambe. After dinner a couple of toasts were pro- posed and duly honoured "The Qneen," and" Suc- cess to the firm." During the dinner a telegram was received from Mr. Gillespie enquiring as to the propose of the excursion. Speeches were cut very short ana with cheers for Mr. Gillespie and the Directors the gathering dispersed. Mr. Barton pre- sided during the after dinner proceedings. The day was afterwards spent in various ways, and after a most enjoyable time, the return journey was com- menced at 9-15, Newton being reached at 11-45. The whole of the expense was borne by the firm.

THE LATE MILE. ALLATT, NEWTON. Since the death of Mrs. Allott, of the Manse Crow-lane, Newton, which took place 12 months 1 ago,the lady members of the Congregational Church have met, and decided to erect some suLable me- molded as a token of respect for the memory ot the deceased lady. A committee was formel,with Miss Tate as secretary and Mrs. Dobson as treasurer. A. a consequence of their deliberations it was agreed' to put up a tablet, and the 'Drier for the work was I entrusted to Messrs. Williams and Clay, of Warring- ton, who have executed a tablet in the form of an open scroll. The tablet has been placed at the pulpit end of the church over the old pew in which the deceased worshipped, it is of wnite marble on a black polished slate background, and on the tablet in gold letters is the following inscription:— "Erected by the ladies of the congregation in ten- der remembrance of their friend Janette the be- loved wife of tie Rev. James Allatt, pastor of this church,who for 33 years lived and worked amongst them. On her lips was the law of kindness, she was calm, gentle, firm and wise, and the securer of many. She entered into rest August 3rd, 1897." "In thy presence is fulness of joy, at thy right hand there are pleasures evermore." The tablet was un- covered on Monday by Mrs. Evans, the Heyes,in the presence of the committee, a few friends, and the Rev. J. Allan. Mrs. Evans in very brief but suit- able terms referred to the deceased lady and hoped Mr. Allatt vir)uld accept th 3 tablet as a token of re- spect for the memory of his deceased wife. Mr. Allatt feelingly acknowledged the kindness which had prompted the ladies of the congregation in that graceful act.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, HELENS.

THE LICENSING BENCH. The S. He'ens borough magistrates have appointed the Mayor ',Ald3rmaa Pilkington), the Dvuty-Misor (Councillor 11. MLrcia), Sir David Gamble, Ald.rmim A. Sinclair, Dr. Giskell, Alderman T. Cook, and Mr. C. Sh3rple,a thi bei,ca to h3ir aad decide upon licensing applicatioasa tin annual sessions on the Bth Septem- ber.

ST HELENS CONSERVATIVE CLUB. Mr. John Andetton, who tits been manager of the Present Constitutional Club since it was opened in the new and enlarged premises in High-street, erescot, has .n app )int .d manager of the St. Helens Canservative Club 'U succlesion CO the late Mrs. Baxter. Mr. Ander- ton expected to enter upon his new duties st the begintiog of October.

Si. HELENS SCHOOLBOYS' VISIT TO LIVESPOOL• On Monday morning nearly ninety of the boys com- prising the upper alandarde of the Cowley Britian (Boys) School, St. Helens, lefc St. Helens for a day's outing in Liverpool. The boys assembled at the statim at a quart past eight o'clack, and were in charge of Mr. J. J. Dutton, 11,a I master. Mr. J 0. Wentworth, ani Mr. Frank Thornton. Oa arrival at Liverpool saveral place of interest were visited, including the cathedral, Sailors' Horne, the Landing-stsge. ko., and a most en- joyable day was scent,

- - "AN OBSTINATEC AND PIGHEADED MAN." David R.mmer, of Ecclestota-park, was charged at St. Helens Police Court on Tuesday with being £3 10s., in arrear on a magiaterial order tl contributed 10t., per week tawarda his wife'i support, The defendant Said he waa only in receipt of 7a.. par week from his pension fund,and he altegol that lawyers hal taken £l4O a year out of him. Mrs. RIMMer said ter husband could earn plenty of money if he likei. Rintmer offered to pay 255., down, and 55.. per week afier wards, and Mr. Mitchel advised Mrs. Rimnaer to acc.pt the offermmirking that her husband was an obstinate and pigheaded man. The terms mentimed were accepted by Mrs. Rimmer,and the parties left the cenrt.

FATAL ACCIDENT TO A CARTER.

James Wo -d—,l4—y—ears of age, of Tonti-ue-street, St. Helens. a cart(rr in the employ of Messrs. W. Smith and Co,, mineral water manufacturers, died in the Provi- dence Hospital, St. Helens,?ri Wednesday morning.from the effects of injuries received on the previoui right Wood and another man named Griffiths were delivering mineral waters from a lurry at Haydock, and at one pi,ce Griffiths left Wood sitting on the vehicle. On hie return he found that Wood had fallen to the groun I,and was lying badly injured. He . was taken to the sargery ot Dr. Dpwling, but as that gentleman was out he was driven direct to the haFpital at St. Helens, where it was found that his skull was fractured.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
A WIDOW STRUCK WITH A JUCI.

Esther Anderii, a married womam, of 33, Fox-street was charged at S. Helens on Monday with assaulting Annie Kilduff, a widow. Mrs. Kilduff, appeared in c iurt with her head bandaged, and said that list Thursday Mrs. Anders threw some water at her and struck her with a jug, which iolicted a very serious wound on her heed. The doctor had hAd to put three stitches in. Mrs. Kilduff's daughter was charged on a cross-sum mons with threatening Mrs. Andrews. —A. number of witnesses were celled on both sides, the yoluhility of the women causing great amuiement.—Mrs Anders was bound over to keep the peace. and the charge splint the girl was dismissed.

TN& HEALTH OF Sr. HELENS. At a meeting of St. Helens Corporation Health Com- mittee on Wednesday afternoon the Id, dice! Officer (Dr. F.Drew Harris) reported that during the past two weeks there had been 126 births against 117 in the previous two weeks and 133 in the corresponding period last year. There had been 67 deaths, against 82 in the prevtoos fortnight, and 99 last year. The deaths front zyinotics numbered Mot which 26 were from diarrhcea, againat 25 (19 frem diarrbosi) in the previous fortnight, and 50 (40 diarrlicea) last year. The cises of sickness from in- fectious diseases numbered 24,againsv 28 in the previous fortnight, and 42 last year.

A SLANDERER SUMMONED. At St. Helens on Monday, Charles Henry Lefthouse, of 33 Clyde-stret, summoned Mrs. Catherine Bridge, a neighbour, and asked the bench to bind her over and restain her from circulating and uttering abusive and malicious statements.—Mr. H. L.Rilay appeared to pro• secute, and said that was really an action for slander. Except by actions in the High Court of Justice people of the class to which complainant belonged had no remedy, but the summons bad been taken out uncl••r one of the sections of the St. Helens Improvement Act 1869, which gave the bench power to deal with people using abusive and defamatory language.—Lotthouse said be was a distil man at Messrs. Qeirk, Barton and Co.'s lead works. Defendant had rep satedly abused him, and accused him of immoralty.—odrs. Bridge persisted in some of her statements.—Defendant was bound over to keep the peace for els months and find sureties, or four- teen days.—Mrs. Bridge said she woald do the thirteen days. THEFT FROM A ST. BELEM GLOSSWORES. At the St. Helens Police Court on Weclassdase, a lad named Robert Graham, sixteen years of age, of 2, Beck I Victoria-street, St Helens, was charged with stealing a h indkerchief and breakfast, value 4d. the property of William M'Comas, another lad, aged fourteen, ot 99. Raglan-street. Inspector Steele stated that about a quarter to seven that morning the lad M'Conias went to his work at Mews. Pitkington's Glassworks, and placed the handkerchief containing his breakfast on a box near where he worked. An hour later he went for his break- fast and found it gone. He then went in search of the Iprisoner, and found him eating the breakfast. When the prisoner saw teConias coming he ran away, but the complainant gave chase and caught him whereupon he tried to assault him. Police-constable Viinnard arrived, and the prisoner was given into custody. When charged he said, " I have nothing to say." Evidence was given by M'Comas, another lad,and Police-conetable Winnard, who said that the prisener had not worked at Pilkingeon's since ;last Saturday,—Mrs. Graham, who was in court, said he was a bad boy; be wouldn't attend to his work, and he hadn't been home since Monday week.—The bench imposed a fine of 10s. or seven days.

DaNGEROUS " LARKING." '

At St. Helens, on Tuesday, before Messrs. Thomson and Michell, three young men, named John Leeson, of City Windle ; 'fhomas Taylor, if 9, Sidney-street ; and Aaron Winstanley, of 2, Windle City, were charged with stealing a horse and cart, value £2O, the property of James Hart. Inspector Stee's said the offence was Corn• mitted about 1.50 p.m. on Monday. The horse and trap was the property of M. Mart, who was a draper living at 1, Albion-street. On Monday afternoon Hart went into the Hope and Anchor Inn, Wheelie City, to have a drink with some friends. A minute or two after he en., tered the three defendants got into the trap and drove ' off. They were pursued by Mr. John Seddon, the land- lord on his bicycle, who came up with them at Moss Bank. They returned with Seddon to the Hope and Anchor. and Constable Coutts took Leeson into custody. When charged Leeson said, " I have nothing to say about it, but that lan guilty." Taylor replied," I did not intend stealing it. It was only done for a bit of fun." Whostanley said," We didn't intend stealing the horse at all. It was done for a bit of,. joke." Inspector Steele said he did not wish to press the case. The bench would be able to decide from the evidence whether or not prisoners had a felonioua intention. If prisoners had done it for a joke, it was a sort of joke that should not be encouraged, but one that should be by all means stopped.—After hearing the evidenee,the Chairman said that the heneh would allow the prisoners to go this time. He would advise them strongly to give up that system of larking. They had rendered themselves liable to be sent to the quarter sessions, where they might have been severely dealt with. It was becoming a too fre- quent occurrence for larks like that to be played, and the prisoners must be careful in future.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESCOr BREWSTER SESSIONS.

THE FARNWOR CH LICENSING CASE.

The annual liceaeing sessions for the Preecet Petty Sessional division was hell on Wednesday, when the magistrates on the bench were Calonel W. W. Pilkington, Mr. F. Stapleton-Bretherton, Mr. W. Daine. and Mr. J. Berry. Superintendent Baxendale, in his report, made up to the 31st ult., showed that there were 48 licensed victu- allers doing business, 28 beersellere, and seven other licensed hewsee for consumption off the premises, the total being 83. The population was 19.197, being a license to every 231 persons. During the year three licensed victuallers bid been proceeded against for offences under the Betting Act. One was up for usiog his house for the purpose of betting. Ho was committed for trial at the Liverpool Amazes, when, owing to a flaw in the indictment, it was quashed. Tw other; were up for allowing their houses to be used for the purpose of betting. These two prosecutions were withdrawn in consequence of the summonses against the bookmaker who used the houses having been dismissed. Superintendent Keighley, of Widnes, also reported on his seclen of the division. The district con- tained 110 licensed houses,d 67 public houses, 31 Irer houses for sale " on," six beer Houses for sale " off," 'other licenses 8. No licensed house had been proceeded 'against daring the year. There was a decrease of 20 in the number of persons proceeded against for drunken- ness and other offences under the Licensing Acts. There was an average of 292 persons to each licensed house. The only obj ction te the renewal of the old licenses was by Mr. Davies (Messrs. Herbert Lewis and Davies, of Liverpool) against the renewal of the beerheuse license to Jeseph Wallace in respect of premises in Church-street, Farnwerth. Mr. T. Swift barrister, instructed by Mr. E. Berry,of Liverpool, appeared on behalf of the ap- plicant,Mr.Wal'ace.—Mr. Davies said he opposed on be- half of the Vicar of Farnworth (Rev.J.Wright Williams), the Wesleyan minister (the Rev. Henry Scarres), and Mr. Joseph Robinson. of Grove Howe, Farnworth. He stated that for over 14 years the magistrates had granted renewals of the license without discussion or onposition. The excise license was not taken out from 1889 to 1897. The facts were in a nutshell,but the nut had never been cracked yet.---The Chairman : Some nuts are bigger than others. (Laught'r.) —Mr. Swift ; And it depends upon the size of the monkey very often. (Renewed laughter.)---Mr. Davies submitted that the facts which had corne to light rendered the house undesirable. No drink had been sold there for 13 or 14 years, during the greater part of which period the premises were used as a draper's shop. The man to whom the license had been renewed had not resided on or occupied the premises for ten years,although Vie law relating to beer- houses expressly required that he should really be the resident holder or oocupier.—Mr. Swift admitted that until the transfer was made by that coart to Webb there had not been any excise license taken out for ,everal years. He admitted also that for some time it was kept as a draper's shop, and that Wallace was not, for some years, a resident on the premises. Mr. Davies afterwards called Mr. Joseph ReVeson, a ratepayer and property owner ; and Richard Repel and J.mes PreFcett, residents in the locility,who objected to the license being granted on the ground that it was not required. Mr. Swift,on behalf of the applicant, argued in favour of the validity of the license And said that the police had nothing at all to say against the house. Superintendent Keighley, of Wiclueo, said the police had no objectionto the renewal of the license, and they had never had to cetnplain of any disorder in the street in consequence of the public house. In cr iss-examina- ion by Mr. Davies he said that when the license was enewed tat year he did not knew the draper's shop was a licensed house. It was after he left the court that he heard it. He had only been in Widnes a few years, whereas the license was first granted 15 years ago. There was ample accommodation in Farnworth now without the -resent license. He knew nothing against Wallace's character. If was through the Rev. J. Wright Williams that the facts about the house came out. -

The applie-an-t Wallace wa called, and gave evidt‘nce a support of his application. He admittsd that be had been fined at Widnes for an assault. The Chairman, after the maeistrate3 had congulted, sail that the license was not granted. They reproved Wallace for the manner in which be had given his evi- dence, and sii4 it was an extraordinary thing that the lic^nse was granted lalt year. They could not exactly lay the blame upon or find out whose fault it was, but they hved such a thing would not occur again.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON AND DISTRICT HORTICUL.

TURAL SOCIETY.

ANNUAL EXHIBITION.

The thirteenth annual ex—tiib,ii-o-n-Cdfruit, flowers and vegetables, held under the auspices of the above Society, took place on Saturday afternoon at Newton in a field adjoining the Newton Nurseries, in beautiful weather. For many years the weather has been against the Society, and consequently there has been a gradual but steady falling off not only in the exhibits and exhibitors, but in the attendance of the general public. No doubt the falling off in the popularity of the Show is due to some extent to the older and mo-e influential resi- dents of the district having removed to other neigh• bourhoods, and thus the exhibitors have been greatly narrowed down. Although the day was of a most desirable character, the attendance of the general public was not by any means large during the afternoon, although the exhibits were of a very fair order. In some of the classes there WU no competition, whilst in others it was very keen, and the exhibits were of a very fair order. Still the judges experienced no difficulty in making their awards. For decoration a number of plants were kindly lent by Mr. A. P. Tnorpe, Mr. J. E. Pardey. and Mrs. Smith. The judges were: Fer the open classes, Mr. Heaton, The Lawn, Aigburth, and Mr. Smsdley, Sandfield Hall, Lowton ; for the other classes they were, Mr. Wilson, Higher Tranmere; and Mr. G. Clarke, Statham Hall, Lymm. The following are their awards :

===== 0002601_18980826_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
CLASS L-OPEN.

PLANTS-Group of miscellaneeue plasta, arranged for effect' space not to exceed 60 feet (Ist prize given by Mr TMolyneux) : 1, Mrs Smith; 2, Mr Thorpe; 3, Mr Raniall. Six table plants (pot not to exceed 6in) : 1, Mr Thorp; 2, Mns Smith. Six ferns : 1, Mr Thorpe. Six Begonias (any variety): 1, Mr Randall; 2, Mr Thorpe. Three pots lilliutu (any variety) : 1, Mr Rinclail. Six Coleus (distinct): 1, Mr. Thorpe; 2 Mrs Smith. Six fachias: 1. Mrs Smith. Six zone geraniums: 1, Mr Randal; 2, Mr Thorpe. One fern : 1, Mm Smith; 2, Mr rhorpe. One palm: 1, Mrs Smith; 2, Mr Thorpe. Three cockscombs: Mr Thorpe. Cur nowxits.-Best bouquet, (Ist prize given by Mr. T M)lyn 'fix) : 1, Mr Raneail. Six dahlias (double) : 1, Mr Three; 2, Mr Rand sll. Six dahlias, cactus : 1. Rev H Monk. Six roses (distinct): 1. J Randall; 2, Mr Thorpe. Twelve asters: 1, Mrs Smith; 2, Mr W Sephton. Twelve carnations: 1, Mr Thorpe; 2, Mr W Sephton, Twelve pansies (6 show and 6 fansy): 1, W Sephton. Twelve distinct varieties cut flowers, outside (not more than 3 stems or blooms of each :1, Mr Thorpe ; 2, Mrs Smith. Twelve zonal blooms (not less than 6 distinct varieties) 2, Mr Randall. Twelve zinnias 1, Mr Thorpe ;2, Mrs Smith. Six spikes stocks (distinct) : 1, Mr Anderson ; 2, Mr !home. FRGIT.-Six dishes of fruit: 1, Mr Thorpe. Two bunches of grapes (teack) : 1, Mrs Sinifh ; 2, Mr Thorpe. Two bunches of grapes (white) : 1, Mrs Smite ;2, Mr Thorpe. One (6) : 1, Mrs Smith ; 2, Mr Thorpe.Odnieladiso: ea of nceticetsarines (6) : 1, Mr Thorpe: 2, Mr Mori:ie. One melon : 1, Mrs Smith ; 2, Mr Thorpe. One dish of appl•s, cooking (6) : 1, E Last; 2, Mrs Smith. One dish of apples dessert (6) : 1, Mr Theme ; 2, Mr Rativiall. One dish of pears (6) : 1, Mrs Smith; 2, Mr Thorpe. VEGETABLES.-Collection of twelve varieties: 1. W Sephton ;2, Mr Thorpe. Six varieties of potatoes (6 of each variety) : 1, W Sephton ; 2, Et Anderson. One dish of potatoes, 6 tubers (round) : 1, W Sephton ;2, R An- derson. One dish of potatoes tubers (kidney) : 1 W Sephton: 2, R Anderson. Two cauliflowers : 1, W Sephton ; 2, Mr. Thorpe. Two cabbages (white) : 1, Mrs Smith ; 2, W Sephton. Two cabbages (red) : 1, R Anderson. Three stieks of celery (white): 1, W Sephtou ; 2, Mr Thorpe, Three sticks of celery (red) : 1, W Sephton ;2, Mr Thorpe. One ellshiof onions (8) : 1, W Sephton ;2, Mr. Thorpe. Peas (20) pods : 1, Mrs Smith ; 2, R Anderson. Broad beans (12 pods) : 1, W S phten ; 2, Mr Thorpe. Scarlet runner' (12 pods) : 1, W Sephton ; 2, Mr Thorpe. French beans (20 pods) ; 1, Mr. Sephton •2, Mrs Smith. Two cucumbers : I,W Sephton ;2, J Randall. One dish tomatoes (9) : 1, Mrs Smith ;2, W Sephton. Two vegetable marrow,: 1, J Randall ;2, R Anderson. Six turnips: 1, E Last ;2, W Septiton. Six carrots : 1, Mrs Smith. Two lettuces: 1, W Sephton. Six I leeks : 1, W Sephton. One dish of shallots (12) : 1, W Sephton ;2, R Anderson. Three red beet: 1, W Seph. ton ; 2, Mr Thorpe. CLASS 2.-AMATEUR. PLANTS.-Three greenhouse plants (any variety) : 1, I Mr Williamson. Two coleus ; 1, W Sephton. Two ferns (exotic) : 1, W Sephtoa ;2, Mr Owen. Two ferns (British) : 2, Mr Williamson. One pot 'ilium auratum: 2, E Last. One ornamental foliage plant: 1, Mr Owen; 2, Mr Williamson. One greenhouse plant (in flower): 1, Mr Owen. CLASS 3. -AMATEURS AND COTTAGERS. CUT FLOWERS.-Six Stock, spikes (distinct) :1, R Anderson ;2, Rev H Monk. Twelve pansies (show and ' fancy) : 1, W Sephton ;2, Mr Simm. Twelve astern: 1, Sergeant-major Strange; 2, W Saphton. Six dahlias ct ( >tibia) : 3, Rev H Monk. Six dahlias, cactus : 1, Rev H Monk ;2, Mr Owen. Six vari-ties dahlias,sinele (1 of each) : 1, Rev fl Monk. Six marigolds (French): 1, Sergeant-major Strange ;2, W Seohton. Six carna- tions : 1, Sergeant-Major Strange ;2, W Sephton. Six antirrhinums (spikes) : 1, W Sephton ;2, Rev H Monk. Six Phloxes (druntmondi), distinct variety, not more than 3 stems of each : I,Mr Owen. Six Puloxes (herba• clew) : 1, Rev U Monk. One Bouquet: 1, Rev H Monk. Six distinct varieties cut garden flowers (outsict ), not more than 3 stems or blooms of each: 1, Sergeant- major Strange ;2, E Last; 3, Rev H Monk. Six Zinnias (distinct) : 1, W Sephton ;2, E LV.t. FRUIT.-One dish of apples cooking (6) : 1, E Last; 2, W Sepleton '3, R Anderson. One dish of apples des- Isett (6) : 1, E Last ; 2, Rev H Moak. One dish of P; 1, Rev H Monk.

. , Vecurnstas.-Collection of vegetables (8 varieties) : 1, W Sephton; 2, R Anderson. Collection of potatoes (4 varieties) : 1, W Sephton ;2, R And Arson ;3, E List. Dish of potatoes, 6 tubers (round) : 1, W Sephton ;2, R Anderson : Dish of potatoes, 6 tubers (kidney) : 1, W Sephton e• 2, E Last. Dish of tomatoes (6) ; 1. W Sephton. Two cucumbers: 1, W Sephton ; 2,M.r Simm; 3, E Last. Two cauliflowers : 1, W Sephton; 2, Mr Simm. Two sticks of celery (red) : 1, W Sephtda ;2, Mr Simm. Two sticks of celery (white) : I,Mr Siam ; 2, W Sephton. Dish of peas (20 pods) : 1, W Sepht 2, R Anderson ;3, Mr Simm. Dish of broad beans (12 pods) : 2, Rev H Monks. Dish of French beans (20 pods) : 1, Mr Sims •, 2, W Sephton. Dish of scarlet runners (12 pods) : 1, W Septotcn; 2, Rev H Monk. Dish of onions (8) : 1, W Sephton •,2, Mr Simm ; 3. Rev H Monk. Dish of shallots (12) : 1, Mr Simm ;2, R An- derson ; 3, W Sephton. Three leeks : 1, W Sephton ; 2, Mr Simm; 3, Rev H Monk. Two cabbages (white) : 1, R Anderson. One cabbags (red) : 1, R Anderson. Two vegetable marrows : I,Mr Simm ; 2,Mr Sephton. Btx carrots : 1, W Sephton; 2, Mr Simm. Six turnips: 1, E Last; 2,Rev U Monks. Two lettuces: 1, W Sephton. One crown of parsley (in pot): 1, Rev H Monks; 2, W S-phton. Three red best: 1, Mr Simm; 2 W Sephton; 3, Rev H Monk.

CLASS 4.LCOrAGEAS.- PLANT9.—Fr ur window plants (distinct)-Ist prize, ceopsr kettle, given by Mr. H Hibbert; 2ild prize, lamp, given by Dutton and Head : Ist, Mr McCool. One win- dow plant:: 1, Mr Meet:x:o.

_ CLASS S.—EXTRA. PRIZES. Best Collection of Veotables (6 vari.4.o.—FirBt prize 5, given by Mr Sephtm ; Second prize 1 dozen rose trce3,named, given by Mr. Rinlall :let, Mr Simm ; 2, R Anderson.

Special prizes offered by Toogood and Sons. Class 1 (open).—let prize, tha Toogood silver medal for excell- ence in horticulture, with the Toogood certificate of merit, A P Thorpe; 2nd prize, the Toogood bronze medal for excellence in horticulture, with the Toogood certificate of merit, Mrs Smith ; 3rd prize, the Toogood certificate of merit for excellence in horticulture, J Randall.

Class 2 and 3 (Amateurs and Cottagers).—lst the Toogood silver medal for excellence in horticulture, with the Toogood certifice,e of merit, W Sephton ; 2nd prize, the Toogood bronze medal for excellence in horti- culture, with the Toogood certificate of merit, Rev II Monk ; 3rd prize, the Toogood certificate of merit for excellence In horticulture, Mrs Simrn. The Peasley Croiis Band payed selections of music during the aftern ion, and after the tents had been cleared of the exhibits, the attendance of the public was much augmented, and dancing was indulged in. The catering was carried out by Mr. Waywell, Low- ton, and the whole of the arrangements were carried out by the Committee, with Mr T Williamson as secretary.

TENDERING BASE COIN AT NEWTON.

Mary Brown (52), seamstress, was charged at the Liverpool County See9ions on Tu.s Jay, with having on the l3h July knowingly tendered at a refresh- ment tent on the Newton racecourse a base coin. sh,4 had in her poseession when apprehended 65 other pieces of counterfeit coin. Mr. steel prose— cuted. Mr. Griffith, who defended, urged on behalf of the prisorvr that t.he found on the course a bag containinz these coins, and not knowing they were bad, she offered one in payment for some refresh- ments. Prisoner, was found guilty. The Bench said that prisoner, Who had a very bad ' character must go o prison for 12 months with hard labour

EGZEMA, ISIOS t"roit CURING OF KEN 131113101.1111, is indJutly relieved, and speedily and perma• neatly cured by warm baths with CIITICURA Soar, gentle anointing with CuTiousia. (that- meat), the great skin cure, followed by full doses of CIITICURA RESOLVENT, greatest of blood purl. nes.° and humodr cures, wh-in physicians, holpitals,and all other remedies fail. More great cures of tortoring, disfiguring Eczema are daily made by CIITICURA remPdies than by all other skin and blood remedies combined. The best physicians enlorse and prescribe them, chemists everywhere recommend them, and they are guaranteed absolutely pure by tae highest authori- ties, whose certificates of analysis accompany every package.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW ST. HELENS CORPORATION

ITS EFFECTS ON THE FINANC.9.'S OF THE BOROUGH.

The Town Clerk of St. Helens (Mr. W. J. Jeeves) has submitted to the Parliamentary Committee of the Town Council a highly 'wet—sting report on the St. Helens Corpsration Act, 1898, which received the Royal assent on the 12th inst. 'rhe Council applied to Parliament for the Act mainly with the object of obtaining powers for the extension an l reconstruction of the local tramways, which they had recently purchased, but in addition a number of clauses have been inserted which will be of great benefit to the town in keeping alive the powers the Corporation already possess in the matter of street im- provements, rec. With regard to the tramways, the Act empowers the Board of trade by provilional order, to authorise the Corp oration Co construct tramways outside ' the borough. The effect of this will be that the Cor- poration will be able in future to proceed by the much less expensive method. of provisional order instead of direct application to Parlia- ment. The Act extends the time for the completion of the street improvements in Church Street Bridge-street,Raven-street, Tontine-street,and Orceskirk! street for seven years, and the tione for the compulsory purchase of lands in connection with these improvements to four years. The sections with regard to streets, build- ings, and sewers give the corporation various new power!, chief among which may be mentioned the en- larged provision for exemption from street expenses, whereby not only any church or chapel, and any chapel or meeting-house appropriated to public religious wor- ship, and any ehurchyard or burial ground, but also any premises appropriated 'do the purposes of a Sunday school and whether or not used on week days as a public elem- entary or secondary sohool,or any buildings wholly used in connection with any of the aforesaid purposes respec- tively, and not used for purposes of profit, or any pr-aises partly appropriated to one or partly to other of the said purposes,will be exempted from the payment of street expenses. No new building is to ba erected within twenty-One feet from the centre of any street in- stead of within fifteen feet as heretofore. With regard to the gas estate, the Act gives power for the estab- lishment of a reserve fund. Under this head reference is made to the financial P 0 visions of the Act as affecting the gas mortgage debt, such debt having been consoli- dated, sad th 4 period for the repayment thereof fixed. The effect of the equation is that in future through a uniform period of 33 years, a payment of £359 is. 31 will be made to the sinking fund instead of varying sums for varying periods. The sums for the current year have amounted to £4Ol ss. 11d, In regard to the water undertaking, a reserve fund is also provided for, and the mortgage debt has also been consolidated, and the period for repayment fixed. The effect of this is toot in future thr ,ugh mt the uniform period of thirty- eight years a payment et £985 21. 3d. will require to be made to the sinking fund instead of varying sums,which in the current year would have amounted to £1,158 is 31. As a result,it is expected that the Melling Pumping •station will be provided without increase in the water rent, even if the water revenue should not increase. The financial prorsione enable the corporation to consch- date the whole of the mortgage debt, including the pro- vision of one sinking fund place of the fifty-three al- ready existing ; and the eeaation of the several periods for repayment of future losna. Summarised the effect is that, as compared with the old arrangements, there will during the current and several succeeding years re- quire to be paid to the sinking fund a sum of £4.386 103 41, instead of, as this year, a sum of £5,918 Os 41. The corporation have also secured powers for the further simplication of conditions with respect to the rates of the borough, whereby in future th re may be levied two in place of three tees, and there may be one audit in the place of two. The corpora:ion have also 09011 granted the power to ac-ept gifts of lan is or buildings for the purposes of parks, hospitals, infirmaries, schools, or other public useful or charitable objects for the bene- fit of the borough.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL TRANSFER SESSION AT ST. HELENS.

A special session for the transfer of licenses, and for hearing applications for music iiCCII3BS, was held at the St. Helens Police Court on Monday. The magistr ales on the bench were the Dereity-Mayor(Councillor Alarti n) Sir Devid Gamble, Aldermen A. Sinclair, le Cook.and J. Harrison, Messrs. J. Burchall, J. Green, J. B. Leach, B A. Dronigoole, C. Sharpies. T. Glover, and A. H Michell. The following had given notice of their intention to apply for transfers :—Licensel victuallers : Bridge Inn, Liverpool-road, from Richard Griffiths to Thomas Hart- ley ; Griffin Inn, 70, C 'liege-street, from George Clare to Thomas Clare ; Albion Vaults, 100, Higher Parr-street, from John Wells to John Lyeiate ; Queen's Arms, 96, Higher Parr-street, from John Mercer to John James Lightfoot ; and Lorne Hotel, 50, Parr-street, from Peter Jackson to William Joseph Parkes. Beer- sellers c Off bemuse, 337, Mill-lane, from Robert Halsall to Sarah Halsall ; Hand and Heart, 73, Traverse-street, from James Dixon to William Joseph Owen; New Church Tavern, 3, Aslicroft-street, from Herbert W. Robinson to James Dixon ; and the Moss Rose, 337, Fleet-lane. from Peter Makin to Catherine Makin. The applicants Halsall, Owen, Dixon, and Makin did not appear, and their Cases were struck out of the list. The other applications wire granted.—Mr. S. Brighouse, of Ormskirk, applied for magisterial sanction to proposed alterations to the Hawk and Buck Inn, Peasley 'Cross- lane, belonging to Messrs. Ellis Ward, Webster, and Company. The effect of the alterations, he said, would be to separate the kitchen, from the business part of the house. The premises at present were very inconvenient both upstairs and down, and the alterations would make it much more cornfortab'e and satisfactory for the tenant. As a matter of fact the area to be used for drinking purposes would be decreased instead of increased.—Plans of the proposed alterations were sub- mitted and explained by Mr. James Gandy, arehitect, who said the alterations would cost from £250 to £3OO. The bench: suggested certain slight alterations of the plans,which were aceepted by Mr.Brighouse on behalf of the owners, and, as amended, the plans were approved. Applications for MUSIC licenses were made on behalf of the following :—Alice Adamson, Van Tromp Inn, Church-street; Thomas Clancy, Cuerdley Arms, Church- street; Joseph M'Nelly, Baths Hotel, Warrington-road; William Cro=s, Duke of Cambridge, Duke-street; Sarah Elizabeth Battersby, Red Lion, Robins-lane, Sutton; Ann Burrows. Railway Hotel, Sutton Oak; John Rigby, Adelphi Hotel, Bridge-street; and William Collins, ot the Assembly Room, Elarelshaw-street, applied for a music and dancing license for that room, which was stated to nrovide accommodation for 120 people for dancing and 250 for other parties.—The application by Mr. Collins was supported by Mr. E. W. Swiit (Messrs. Swift and Gerner),who said that lest year the time for closing was fixed at twelve o'clock at night, but that hour had been feund an inconvenient COO by members of some smaller societies who engaged the room for their social gatherings, and he asked that the time of closing might be extended to two o'clock or half past two o'clock on such occasions. Mr. Collins was prepared to give an undertaking that the extended time should not be made use of in connection with his private dancing classes.— Inspector Steel said that during the past year there had been no applications for an extension of time for Mr. Collins's room. Ile considered that twelve o'clock was very late for the young people attending there to be out and he suggested that eleven o'clock should be the hour fixed fat closing,and so make it the same hour as that for public houses. It would still be open for applicant to make applications for an extension on special occasions. If eleven o'clock was fixed as the limit it would contri- bute to the good order of the town, and tha better management of the room.—The Bench ultimately refused all the applications for music licensee with the exception of that by Mrs. Batterb 7. The application by Mr. Collins was granted subject to the room being closed at eleven o'clock, and on special occasions, if an extension of time was required, application must be made to the magis- trates.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
A WIDNES MAN DROWNED AT CIIERDLEY.

Cu-s-rdley Cross was on Sunday, ihoWl-3-7--b.efore noon, the scene of a distressing bathing fatality, the victim being a young man named Henry Phasey, a moulder at Widness Foundry, who resided at 3, Roberts-street, Widnes. Poasey, in company with three other youths named Thomas Platt, John Hol- gate, and John DIViOA, selected a pond in some land belonging to the Cheshire Lines Company of Cuerd- ley Cross for a quiet bathe. The water is of con- siderable depth, and after swimming about for a while Phasey told his companions that he could swim across, a distance of twenty-five or thirty yards. After goidg about five yards Phasey was seen to throw up his hands and disappear. Reigate, who 18 a railway porter at Stanhouse-laue, gallantly dived into the rescue of his unfortunate comrade, whose frantic struggles were nearly fatal to his would-be rescuer, who was pulled down twice, and eventually had to struggle away from Phasey. The body was recovered about half-past two withi the aid of grappling irons.—On Monday night, at the Cuerdley Cross Inn, near Widnes, Mr. S. Brighouse held an inquest on the deceased. After having swum round the edge of the water deceased said he would swim across, and he asked Holgate and Platt to follow him. They did so. When he had taken three or four strokes the deceased threw up his arms and sank. Holgate attempted to rescue him, but Pheysey seized him wildly,and dragged him to the bottom. After a struggle Holgate freed him- self, but as he reached the surface Pheysey seized his feet and was dragging him down again, when Platt came to his as-astance, and it was only with the utmost difficulty that these two, assisted by Daniels, reached the bank, fully exhausted by their 'struggles with the drowning man. Pheysey did not rise again, and it was three hours before the body was recovered.—Terthet, " Accideatal death.'s

===== 0002601_18980826_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

THE ADVANCE IN THE SOUDA.N.

WAD HAMID, Wnownspar• The Ride Brigade, under C-slonel Howar 1, arrived 0 sight &ell& this morning, thus completing the entil fighting force. The Birder went to meet thous, o_, briefly Inspected them. All the men seemed in gor, trim, The a ivance to the southern end of the Sii"; Cataract commenced this morning. General Efuntersiri". the let and 2n I Native Brigades, left early in the mefer, iag, the men being cheared as they march al out v. camp. The 2nd and 4t12 Brigades marched off this after noon, and will come up to-night at Wad Bishara, miles distant. Ts-morrow they will make a fart, march of twelve miles to Gegaia, at the southern end the Cataraot, where a large camp will be brine), all the forces finally coacentrated previous to the - upon Omdurman and Kharton-n. There is a general impression now that there will bs no reei,. offered to our advance north of the Dervish village Kerreri,and that it is quite likely that the D srvishes W not be encountered in strength until Omdurman reached.

===== 0002601_18980826_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA.

AMERICA AND SPAIN. PHILIPPINE INSURGENTS' DECISION. WASHINGTON, WEDNIISDAZ Mr. Day, Secretary of Stati ,says to-day that he under stands that Sanator Frye will be celectei as one of' American members of the Peace Commission. TL means that the influ intial Maine Republican is alreadf selected. He is a member of the Fareiga Relations Coal' mittee' where his op mon carries much weight. He mg: act so far committed himeelf decisively to either side atd the Philippine question as it affects future Anserionw„..i Policy. It is not known it there will be a forth or MT', American delegate. Mr. Day says be kaows nothing of. I teneral Tracy as a likely selection. The name of White, one of the judges of the Supreme Court, hu Wag inentioned. He is acceptable everywhere. _ LONDON'S WATER SUPPLY. _

On Thursday mnraing a meeting of the direators of the East Loudon Water works Company was bald. was decided to reimburse the local authorities for all sk" penses incurred in distributing water by means of carts- an order has been given to a Yorlchire firm for 5.00. jani capable of kolding two gallons of water each. Ther will be forward !ci to the vestries for distributon. 0912- sidTration was also given to a propmal to use two 410. mains at Blackwall, the property of the Kent Wateg_ Company, which could be utilised for supplying a Is_w stnsete in the d'strict. It was desired to cammunicaw with the London County Council, that body having cOr trol of the mains.

EXPLOSION AT BLAST FURNACES. An:explosidn occorred at oni of the UAW; furnaces 0 Messrs. Bolckow, Vaughan. and Comp lay's w 'rice 96, Middlesbrough, on Thursday. Two labourers natnno Thomas Young and Daniel Bdniley were killed by the falling debris, and several other man war) injured, " seriously. CONCESSIONS BY BIRIIINGRA.M

it Birmingham Licensing Sessions on Thursday important concessi mil were announce by a deputal of brewers. They renogni-el that there were too - licensed houeei In ce -fain quarters of the city,and a upon a suggestion male b 7 Mr. Atur Chambei chairman of the be nch,rhey had arrange t) surr at once no fewer than 23 Dee-1-e). Neptiations in progress which, when completed, would enable to increase the number to ba given up to 50.

YESTERDAY'S CRICKET. The fallowing are the latest scores in the cricket matches played yesterday : Lancashire v Derbyshire: Lancashire 459 for s. Middlesex v Kent : Kent 187. Middlesex 105 for Hampshire v Warwiskshire : Warwickshire 348 five. Soncersetshire v Surrey: Som,rsetshire 354 for Yorkshire v M.C.C. : Yorkshire 225. M.C.C. 50 for

HIGHEST AWARD AT THE EXHIBITION.

T. DAINTITH, GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER. SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES.

ROVER, CENTAURS ARMS, AND OTHER MARIO OP CYCLES.

4cl IT]

I p—z i t& ko VII 41

lac v‘

%t t Ittt otr,

itt

fik ttl lit ....,

, aloe iarthat ind mar.- prettf iistana go 6e iA th 6 ThiO ny, %he khc, be 6. 'moo 4111 • -1/Ibti named we, the 0 oaf V; nAo# catid mast 1 teeth* tberlailt turreadet we° theo count/ seg. -1. fOg ore' I for

===== 0002601_18980826_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
MA It RIAGES.

New Business Address s- -121, BRIDGE-STREBT, wAßElNcirort.

N 155 ISOBEL Riazy, 84, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, FLORAL BASKETS, FLORAL EMBLEMS, dce. LONDON STYLES.

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but mAY ' arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient informed beforehand the eest ' work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate* charges. TEETH. Anil M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the PO of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,0eft gallon.' weekly.

lixore. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON (DENIM BYIRIAM.)

MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET,

(NAT. TzL.INo. 1660),

LIVERPOOL, 24, CLIURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET,

EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3,

RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, Bamcm-BT.

NORTHWICH on FRIDAYS, 18,

liANNEß—lnwur—August 13th, at the Parish Church, • ~„„ rington, by the Rey. Canon Willis, Richard Banner Susan Irwin. lairrosr—TAYLon—August 18th, at the Wesleyan Chslol Bold-street, by the Rev. William Potts, Peter LawtOrl_t Liverpool-road, to Jessie Howard Taylor, of Mersey-atreu'l Warrington.

DEATHS. MOLTNEAUX. —August 13th. Harriet, the dearly _— wife of Oeorge Molyneaux, of 64, Allen-street, Aged years. BATE—August 12th, at Clifton-street, Warrington, 11lobela Bate, aged 33 years. RYAN—August 12th, at Naylor-street, Warrington. Ryan, aged 4 years. MlLLER—August 12th, at Stevenson-Street, Wt.. Margaret Miller, aged 36 years. COTTON —August 14th, at Robson-street, Warrington, Cotton. aged 66 years. BARRETT—August 14th, at Orford Ba^raekS, Thomas Barrett. aged 55 years. t VA' ATHERTON —August 15th, at Victoriaatreet, Warring Thomas Atherton, aged 44 years.

FRIARS' GRURN, WARRINWON (Opposite Arpley Station), S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, so" • Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monumente,TooloS Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite. tUrblB* 0 Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPIV:MALTY. Warrington.— Printed and published by John W.,-ilaK" I:1;1X The Examiner General Printing Works. Dewserl—os3 and Published also at The Er :miner Office, Vietoris-rs,r. WIDNNS ; High-straet. RITNOORI 42, George-street.aor HELENS and 3 Market-street, Baat.E9ro" 25 1898.

i; %. '2

.tt II .141 t•bo btr t 41 lett: be, f 6: 1 141 to. MOOB Siristil4l ff APPLEMARSEVS/ 1 0 4 belt Tarringt°°' MATO ,arringto' • ~...••••"51 I I -

===== 0002601_18980826_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

I

===== 0002601_18980826_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BREWERS.

===== 0002601_18980826_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ASSOCTATION OF BANDS. Ii connection with WI above a GR A.ND CONCERT will be held in the PARR HALL, Si THIIRSD tY HVBNING NEXT. lov SRPTBMBBR. 1811, by Mr. T. J. nowri's MILITANT BAND, assisted by MADAME BBSSIII FANSLIAW, Contralto, and Mr. ALFRED (IROUVDS, Humorist. Accompanist, Mr. WILLIAM PAYTON, Mus. B. The Corporation have kindly granted the use of the hall !Ws of charge. aid the proceeds will be devoted to the War- 'Aron and District Nursing Assu3iatlen. Prices of admission —Front seats (reserved) Is ; lido 1001057. Id; body of hall ond back gallery. 3d. Plan of reserved seats at Mr R. H. Pearson's, Bold-stroet. Doers open at 7-30, to commence at 8 o'clock, J. TAYLOR, Hon. Sec.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—la Scholarship for instruction in Cookery. Laondry-work, and Dress- %%king is eared, tenable for tin months at a &hod of Natestie Economy. Pores of application cam be ilatainod from R P. NVMID, Organising Secretary, Crewe, lad Intlbt be obtainei on or Wore SEPTEMBER 12th.

pREFICOT UNION. TO BUILORRS.—TENDERS are INVITED for the ERECTION of BELIEF COPPICES and VACCINATION STATION, at Widnes. in Iroordance with plans and specification te be seen at the "See of Mr. I. P. Fraser, Architect, 4, Bold-street, War- Form of TENDER and quantities, etc., obtained upon ap. Dlication to the Architect and deposit of 10s. ed. which sum "111 be returned upon receipt at a ben a-tide tender. Sealed Tenders to be sent endorsed "New Offiees " to reach me not later than MONDAY, 12th September, 1898. The lowest or any tender not necessarily ancepted. By Order. A. F. MANN, Clerk. Union Offices, Whiston. Preloot. 18th August. 1895.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. AT'POINTMENT OF DISTRICT MAIN ROADS SURVEYOR. THE Main Roads and Bridges Committee of this Council are prepared to receive APPLICATIONS from Candidates, not exceeding 40 years of age, for the office of DISTRICT SURVEYOR of the Main Roads in the Wirral or No. 1 District of this County,and which at Present contains 119 miles of Main Roads repairable by tke Council. The salary attaching to the office is £2OO Per annum, payable quarterly, and which includes travelling expenses (includiug horse and trap if re• and office. ter4rticularB of the duties to be performed and the kthr73 of appointment, etc., can be obtained from the tiZersigned at his office in Chester, to whom applica- , stating age, qualifications, and copies of not more • three recent testimonials,are to be sent,so that the 'it may be received not later than twelve o'clock noon 4 Monday, the 29th day of August instant, and no ap.', • tion received afterwards will be entertained. ,Canvassing will disqualify for appointment,. but th.-41,didates may, if t ey sD desire, send printed copies of or application and testimonials to the members of the ecatunittee whose names and addresses can be obtained theom' undersigned. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the County Council. C• hester, sth August 1898. ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATRS. RAILINGS FROM LIVRRPOOL. 8.8. LAURB • TlAN,ter Quebec and Montreal Sept. let 85. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal Sept. Bth 1.8. NUM DIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... Sept. 15th az. PARISIAN. for Quebec, and Montreal—Sept. 22nd ._l.B. LAURRNTIAN for Quebec and Montreal... Sept. nth In CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... G0t...6thl 1.12.4n0n Fares from £l2, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 gh Tickets to all points at special rates. It44ll4D.,,t.—Handbooks, :maps, rates, and 'full particulars application to &LIAR BROTHERS & Co., 19, James- verpoot ; or to 3.8. GREEN, 34, Brldge-st., Warrington

UTERPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling at GREENOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting OWL AND BEAR Oc other Steamers are Intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen olourrence). SEPTEMBER. PlloM L/TERPOOL FROM GLASGOW Clarenee Dock and by train from St. "ah-West Side. usoch's, Glasgow to Greenock at 6.58 p m, *J. Imrsday Ist, 11 a in Saturday 3rd, 2 p in -"lesday 6th, 2 p in Thursday Bth, 2 p in ,E2stlordgy 10th, 6 p in Tuesday 13th. 2 p in ihilmday 15th, 9p ai Saturday 17th. 2p in uNday 20th, 1 p in Thursday 22nd, 2 p in From Princes Landing Stage at 2 p m., OnD/mIRT FARE9.—Cabin (single), 10s. ; return (available two months), 15..; steerage, (single) 5..; SPIGMIL a.4_llP-8 :--(7abln return (available for ten days), 12g. 6d. ; I,7,.:rage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through ipgings in connection with Cheshire Lines between t arrington, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Re - ,Zrticket, _ll tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool (Terers.—iipply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Naviption Pany, Limited, C. MAGNER & CO., Managers, Albert _quare, Manolpater, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

LI VmHPOOL AND NORTH WALES. The splewild Saloon Steamer dNOWDON will rill (weather ;10 cireumst4tuces permitting. TO4lOltilo 7I (Sunday) and CLB_l:Mday during the season. for Llandudno, Beaumaris. and Menai Bridge. leaving Liverpool at 10.45 a.m., • —"ving back about 7-45 p EXCURSION will bo made this 9 M. BANK HOLIDAY. 9 .4..nr. kiit,SPECIAL REA.P • above places, leaving Liverpool at 9 a.m. prompt, and Lik.;ll).B back about 8-15 p.m. allowing Biz hours ashore at uudno or three hours at p.m., Bridge. leui?,,,r fares and particulars apply to W. H. DODD, 31, Tower ge, Liverpool. Telephone 1585. 4.II,RICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW XORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL YORK and PHILADELPHIA every, WIIDNES JOHN WALKER AN!) Co., " EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR A.DELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STEAME S from LIVERPOOL. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND liuldtkL.! t the LOWEST RATES at JOHN W ALKER AND Co.,

BASSINET TES AND M AIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BASSINRTTBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINET IBS HARROP'S FOR BASSI/DIMS HARROP'S FOR BASS I NETTBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTRS HARROP'S FOR BASSINHITES HARROP'S FOR BASSINRTTHS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTBS II /MOP'S FOR BASSINHTTHS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR B&SSINETTHS CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TF tDB HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

lIQUPTURES. - FOR CURR OF RUPTURES. .1.1.1 T. EGGINGTONT Improved Effectual TRUSS! or Cure of Rupture; registered I consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 A 9, Grosvenor-street Lon. don-road. Manchester. .

QIGH NO MORE LADIES. WEAR THR NATURAL } IMMOVABLE From CURLRD From SOALPETTES 21/- FRINGES. 10/6 T. S. BROWN, 3, LBO -STRRET, LIVERPOOL.

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. C OUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (0 t. Britain). QUAL by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 RT. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

EDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALI* COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection et WEDDING and BIIITH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, dILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JBWB"HRY, and Miscellaneous. Also a smedien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIO-A-BRAO. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. v. s, PENNINGTON & CO., 31098LL8E9, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63EENSHAW-STREBT, LIVERPOOL----83. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

W. B. SWERTMAN'S HAIR LOTION. 'lhe Best Remedy for PALLING OR WBAK RAIL And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRIOR 2s. 6d. PBR BOTTLB. 5. ILANBLAGH-STRBBT, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

AmoICAN Ice Cream FREEZERS.-1,000 sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of lee Olaues•—liDwlSDB AND Co.. los, White- obapel, Liverpool.

To 11 Parties Commencing Business.—Where to Purchase at the Right Price.—GROORRS FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit, Tobacconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; a splen- did selection te choose from; inspection invited ; estim 'tea free.—BDIVIADS AND CO., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

Cl SHOOTING OEASON. AMMUNITION and every lIRQUIHTII UP TO DATE T. STENSBY GUN MAKER, 20, HANGING DITCH MANCHESTER. Established 1810.

A VICTORIA POWDER (Registered) is the Safest. Quickest, and Most Certain CURB FOR IIIiADADHS, TOOTHACHE, TIC, OR NSURALGIA. Refuse Imitations. 10 in a Packet, Thri Bold by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Dealers. Fast Fr& THE NORTH END DRUG CO., CHEHISTS, 97, WESTMINSTER-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

NEW ROWE CYCLES 6, BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Ahead of all others for Speed, Lightness, and Comfort. Prices to suit all. W. J. RODGERS. District Manager.

LONG W ORTH, PAPER MERCHANT. CHEAPEST IN THB CITY. SPECIALITIES : Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAB-STRBBT, MANOHBSTBR. _

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLB WITH BROKEIN CORDS THII WINDOW SASH CORD•HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. A.DDRBSS: T. COOKE, YORK.

Fix OF MAN.-EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS o(SundaysL From DOUGLAS. excepted). From LIVERPO Daily lO-30 am and 2pm I Daily 9am and 4pm EXTRA SAILINGS. ' Fridays spm& 12 noon Mondays 12-30 am Saturdays 5 pm & 12-30 night I DAY EXCURSIONS DAILY. From Liverpool 10-30 am I From Douglas 4p m Arrive Douglasabout 2-15 pm I Arrive Liverpool about 7-45 pm And by turday's midnight steamer, to return Sunday midnight steamer. LIVEMMOL TO RAMSEY.—Direct Mondays and Saturdays. at 12-30 noon. Via DOUGLAS, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thurs- days, and Fridays, at 2 pm. The meet enjoyable route to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow is via Douglas. Cheap excursions and snort sea passages. Illustrated pamphlets of 'tailings, &a., ,ree, or postage Id. THE ISLE OF MAN STEAMPACKET COMPANY LIMITED, IMPERIAL BUILDINGS, DOUGLAS; THOS. ORFORD & SON, 22, Water Street, Liverpool.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. *MAJESTIC Wed., Aug. 31 I GERMANIC Wed., Sept. 7. Second (labia will be carried on tne voyage merited thus Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore* Apply to Ismer, Imam and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenhall street, London 8.C..

. !' -a• ' THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO TUB t i;iP Wl' ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8.30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 11.0 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 23s. 6d. Trains run 1 hird class and Saloon 15s. Od. alongside Third class and Fore Onbin.lls 0.1. 1 steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE .—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vise versa, can ROW be obtained at following fares I First-class and Saloon l9s. Od. Third-class and Saloon 13s. 6d. Third-class and Fore Cabin Si. 6d. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (tor the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE" is now on the service. There will be EXTRA Battings every SATURDAY. July 9th to SEPTEM- BER 3rd in connection with train leaving Warrington at 12.25 p.m.—JAMES LITTLE & CO., Barrow.

DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. THE CHEAPEST AND BEST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVERPOOL. Best and Quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winefride's Well, Pantasaph, Prestatyn, and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer. FLYIN4 FALCON Will Sail from the Prince's Landing-stage and Mostyn (weather and other circumstances permitting), as under :- 1 LIVERPOOL to MOSTYN and Back the same clay. Average passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers two to tbree hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in North Wales. Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. From LIvERPOOL. From Mofrryn. Saturday Aug. 27 2-30 pm Saturday Aug. 21... 7-0 urn Monday „29 -0 am Monday „ 29 ...10-0 a m „29 6O a m „ „29 ... 7-30 pin Tuesday „3) -0 am Tuesday „ 30 ....7-30 pm Wednesday „ 31 -0 a m Wednes. „ 31 ... 12 neon Single Fare, Is 6d; Return Fare. 2s ; Bridge extra. Tickets not transferable, and available frc day of issue only. Refreshments on board at Moderate Charges. Offices: 27, I WATER-STREET, Liverpool. Telephone, 2,334.

LORD BROS. BIG SALE OF CAMS, COSTUMES, MACKINTOSHES, DRESSES, SKIRTS Ite. IS NOW ON. RIDICULOUS PRIORS IMMENCE REDUCTIONS ASTOUNDING BARGAINS , LORD BROS'. 1281 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

et, Q TAM kJ OHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND WALTON. LIVERPOOL, Are' undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Compel% Poet free en application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lookfast " Priem:natio tyre and rim. Simplest fa the world to detach. Chief Depets and Show-rooms 35 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND uAUNDERSON. District Manager. Established 1559. Sole I` Tent for Warrington I MIL A. STANWAY, 37, Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runoorn MESSES. HANDLEY AND BECK, Ironmongers.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67 RENSHAW STR TE.'T, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS SlicoND-HAuD CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THB CHBAPBST and BUST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH. RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes, Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Silver, Electra Plate, Overmantles. Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Bede, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables, As., .te, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions sty this Establishment is unsurpassed for btyle and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED,

R. CLAMP & L).CoN. MANUFACTURERS OF RAVELLING REQITISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 241. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From Fs. 64. 9, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 1, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS I I THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE LPOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS Jan) SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN HALF AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

S•P•Q.R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY!! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION. NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIFER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price Is, lid. Sold by' BOOTS VASI.I CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents), at the Reduced Price of 91td. HOOTS, CAM OREM/sTs (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIETORS. HEAD 07010E—NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, do.

&STANCE AND CO.'S GREAT WATCH, CLOCK, PLATE, AND JEWELLERY SALE IS STILL OONTINTJBD DURING- ALTBBATIONS. DISCOUNT 1.0 TO 25 PER CENT. 43; SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, THOMAS WRIOttZ nam AND THIBY-RNSISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND INSTIL SAFE MAKER, al, WEST-STREET, OFF WINWICIE-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given. Bnquiriee Invited.

BREWARD AND BAILEY, CHINA MERCHANTS. SHOP AND RESIDENCE 45, HORSBMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. AWARD OF GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. Wm, WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES pitted up on the Latest and Meat Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 181 PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, ISM HIGEBST AWARD. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, !FARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. TRUE MILL TWICE DILLLY, SKIM MILK nem 11 cin. FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

WOBBLE Y'S BIG SALE. BY ORDER OF THE RECEIVERS AND LIQUIDATORS, WHO HAVE GIVEN POSITIVE ORDERS TO P CLEAR OUT THE WHOLE OF THE STOCK, WITHOUT RESERVE. ENORMOUS STOCK OF HIGH CLASS FURNITURE. GIGANTIC COLLECTION OF BARGAINS. IN DINING, DRAWING. AND BEDROOM FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING or EVERY DESCRIPTION, AXMINSTER, WILTON, BRUSSELS, AND TAPESTRY CARPETS IN PIECE GOODS AND SQUARES. RUES, MATS, to., CORK, LINOLEUM, OIL CLOTHS, AND MATTING. • PIANOS BY ALL THE BEST MAKERS, NEW AND IiECOND-HAND. AT WORSLEY'S GREAT BARGAIN SALE. Our instructions are Positive and absolute to clear out ' everything as quickly as possible. FURNITURE, from 10 guineas, to £l,OOO, There is a large and cool REFRESHMENT ROOM, where visitors (Whether purchasers or not) can be supplied with light refreehmenta gratis. Waitresses in attendance. • WORSLEY'S LIMITED (In 'Liquidation), THE PANTHEON, GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER.

CAUTION.-BEWARR OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. eirrnox.—Vice-Obaneellor Sir W. Rios Worm stated that Dr. J. Comas BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the Inventor of OHLORODYNB " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which be regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 48. 6d. None is genuine without the worcs " DE. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp, Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. ' SOLE BLANITEACTRREtts ;---3• T. DAvRNFORT Russell-street, Bloomsbury, 'Anion 33, Great From Dr. B. J. BoIILTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use Of ChlOrOdyne Incur practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct„ Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodie. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It ladueet a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to vows' this great advantruce over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. 'Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was ORLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864.

OPENING OF NEW PREMISES, 15, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. FALSIIAW AND LEWIS, GLASS CUTTERS AND GLAZIERS, MOUNT CUTTERS AND PICTURE FRAfdli MAKERS. Wholesale and Retail Dealers In WINDOW GLASS, LOOKING GLASS, ROLL. ROUGH AND POLISHED PLATE GLASS, ENAMEL GLASS, de. Also a Selection of PICTURES, PICTURE MOULDINGS, PLAIN and FANCY PATTERNS, MOUNTING BOARDS and BACK BOARDS. Glass Cut in small sizes for Forcing Frames, Hot-Bed Frames, Ac., from lid. per foot. All work practically dons and promptly attended to.

I EDER THE CLCCE IN BRIDGEOTRRET, WAR TON FOR GOOD BOOTS. PETER COTTON. ROPB AND TWINE MANUF ACTURBR. Backing. Canvas. Stack-corners, Netting Curled-kalr, Oil Sheete, do., do. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS. fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"A 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable aIIHAND-MADH SILVER ERG LISH PATENT' LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and iltfrml with STRONG CHAIN on FUSER. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES. well finished and especially adapted to fit fiat in tho pocket. "NOR FIN LX SHILLINGS." This wat chls timedto a minnte, and will STAND ANT AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY' DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bons- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Tears given with each watch. This watch can be bad In ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent tostfree to all parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

DUTTON AND COLYER, •lITTO/ AND CO. IRONLONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMIINT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, I THE LEADING CLOTHIERS 8 AND 10, HORSEMAREET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL SPIIING: SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest Patterns! Leading Styles I I Popular Prices t THE M.D.°. MEN' SUiTS, 18/6 TO 50/ MEN'S TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 1.6/6 Ready for Wear! Well Made I I Latest Out llt ORDER DEPARTMENT. Tax M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS To MEASURE from 8/6 To 18/6 SUIT TO MEASURE l 28/6 ~60/- in High-Class Scotch andle sil TWEEDS, Blue SERGES, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &c., &C. VALUE UNEQUALLED. THE M.C.D. YOUTHS' AND JUVENILE DEPARTMENTS. TO MEET THE GROWING TRADE The preparations in these Departments have never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY' than ever of new Styles In JUVENILE CLOTHING. THE M.C.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITb. All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGT.ON.

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED. MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS. GREAT SUMMER SALE. LAST BIG BARGAIN DAY. BIG BARGAIN DAY. LAST BIG BARGAIN DAY. BIG BARGAIN DAY. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3RD. MARVELLOUS OFFERS, SEPTEMBER 3RD. DON'T MISS IT, TRH LAST BIG BARGAIN DAY. BIG BARGAINS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT. FUNERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY. REFRESHMENTS FREE TO PURCHASERS. We Close on Wednesday at 1 o'clock. CROSBY AND WALKER LIMITED. 82, 84, 86 AND 88, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER.

ONE THIRD OF ;YOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP ON ,OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 351'1 WOOL BEDS, 10/91 PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTRESS/3, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES. 12/9 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT Es. 6). All properly Purilied by Chemical Process and GUARANTEED SWEET, CLEAN, AND PIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG BEDSTEADS. 13s. 11D.WIRE MATTRESS, 9s. 9. BASSINETTES AND MAILOARTS FROM 25g. Note the Address : LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ORFORD LANE FLINT GLASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. IMPORTANT NOTICE, The LAND and BUILDINGS 0 these Works being now ON SALB, the Proprietors have decided to Dispose of their present STOCK of HIGH CLASS CUT AND MOULDED TABLE GLASS to the General Public Privately, ea their premises as abore, at VERY GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. The goods can be purchased daily between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. On Saturdays until 1 p,rn. August, 1895.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Hewing in CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTER HARK ET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILZINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIE TY SHILLINGS. All sixes and shapes, including the round and Har-round always In stock. A handsome present given to each pur. chaser. Finger size cards post free.—BUSTANCII AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

G_EDDES.'S DANDELION COFFEE - The best and cheapest ever offered to tbe Publio. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Canister Bd., 10d., and Is. Bd. each., Wholesale by J. GBDDHS MID SON. WARIIINGTON BSTAI3LISIIED 1833.

£1509000 At from 34 PER CENT to be ADVANCED on MORTGAGE in SUMS to suit BORROWERS In any part of the COUNTRY.— I. W. READER, 6, Cook-et., Liverpool, Telephone 6,182.

NO rRECIMINARY nas CHARGED. IifONEY LENT PAIVATELY TO FARMERS, ' LYJL TRADESMEN. LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, In sums of £lO up to £5OO. ON BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arraisvd to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Aoceun- tent, .20, Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK.I 10, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHESTER. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalment's, orbn ens sum at a fixed perlci at reasonable rates of Interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminary fees charged.—Apply to MR. RICHARD WOOD, Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. war N. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES U PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. etONBY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written promise to r Ay back. Apply st VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at my. Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention. LOB.llll in sums of £5, £7, £l3, £2O, £3O, £BO and upwards.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Pegistered Capital £lOO.OOO Head Office 38. HERSH aW-STRBEr. LIVERPOOL. £lO to £.5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. Icc., at the following scale of charges £lO repayable 6s. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 91. £5O „ 20s. „ R.,3 Bs. 64. £lOO „ 40s. ;66 161. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Eaten and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from in to 4 per cent. per annum payable half yearly.

BUSINESS IS BUSINESS and it is very UNBUSINESSLIHHiaa ruin or jeopardise your BUSINESS for want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difficult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS lines is the only genuine way of doing BUSINESS. MR. W. STEWART, / COOPER STREET, M.ANCIIESTER, I Has large invested funds and will advance sums to re- sponsible Persona from £l.O to £lOOO on proper BUSINESS terms at reasonable Interest and easy repayments. Advances also on Morgages and Reversions. This Is BUSINESS I STRICT II PRIVATE t GENUINE lii Personal calls or letters receive prompt attention.

FI ELD I N G'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established ever hip years. LOANS £3 To £5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESPEOTABLR HOUSEHOLDERS, mad others. with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Asereeauce Poltelea, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. I £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 ~ 2/6 „ £2O ~ 10/- ~ £lO ~ 6/.. „ £25 „ 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. 08Ice hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121, MBILSEY.STIMBT. WARRINOTON,

Hints on Cooking Corn Flour. • Notwithstanding the wide use of Corn Flour, particularly in summer, as a cool and refreshing Blanc-mange, many fail to bring out its true and delicate flavour. To thoroughly enjoy a Blanc-mange FIRST.—Make wholly with good sweet milk without any addition of water, and do not use too much Corn Flour. • (2i on of BROWN & POLISON'S "PATENT" Corn Flour to two pints milk is the right proportion.) SECOND.—BIend the Corn Flour with a little of the milk, bring the rest to the boil, take off the fire, and add the Corn Flour slowly. b, THIRD.—Then boil well, in fact, boil down to three-fourths of the original bulk, which will take about ten minutes' boiling. To use warm, turn out when cold, and reheat in the oven. FOURTH,—And above all, use only and always the recognised best— BROWN & P,OLSON'S "PATENT" CORN FLOUR. It is more delicate in flavour and goes further than others. One pound of Brown & Poison's Corn Flour will make twelve one-pint puddings. Thus the cost of the Corn Flour in a pudding is so small, that everyone can afford to have the best. Ask for BROWN & POLSON'S CORN FLOUR —"PATENT" is their BEST QUALITT—and be sure that you get it.

IILACIEPOOL.—HOLIDAY and CONVALESOBBITHOMH 1.) STATION-ROAD, SOUTH SHORE (formerly Arnold House). WOMEN. 12s. 6d., MEN, 14s. per week, Board in- cluded. Exclusively for Working People. All applications (by letter only) to be addressed to the Hon. Director, 32, Church- street, Manchester. (Miss) S. G. MAXWELL, Secretary.

LLANDUDNO,—The CLIFTON BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMENT and RBSTAURANT olose to station and Promenade, good accommodation for cyclists, parties catered for, liberal table ; terms moderate.—Apply K. Jonts, Pro- prietress.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LIIDGATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, BOSTON SQUABS. HOYE COSUOBTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperanee Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

SOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDB HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. dumer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from Ts 64 per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BO,COCK, Proprietor.

rrHE BLACKPOOL RESTAURANT and CATERING CO., 1. 22. Church steeet, Blackpool, INVITE APPLICATIONS for Tenders from Large and Small Parties, Choirs, Sunday School Teschers and Scholars, Mothers' Meeting Treats, or ay other assembly. Our tariff is of the very best, at moderate charges. Dining and Tea Rooms are lofty and spacisus.—Apply ta W. P. PARKER.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW CARPE PS, FURNITURE, REUPHOLSTERING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING. &c. Designs and Patterns Seat on Application. Not* Address,--CHARLBS SOU THORN & CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, BASNETT-STREST, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 6367.

J3LACKPOOL.—Mrs ORILEROD, 1940 Mrs Smith. Bank Cot- tage 40 Chapel-st.. opposite the Central Pier. and very central 40 all places of amusements. Terms very moder ate with or without board. Piano.

111)LACKPOOL.—Mrs DUXIIURY, Homely Cottage, 17, Bairstow-et, (near Foxhall Hotel) Comfortable lodg- ings ; owe minute's walk from sea, and very central to all places of amusement. Terms very moderate Piano

raNKATH,..._Cottages 4s. 94., 3s, 64. and 21.84. per week. DALLAfd-LANll.—Large WORKSHOP, gronnkfloor, rent £lO. BUTT BRMARRET-STRBET.—Good front WAREHOUSE, 2 floors, £26. MILL-STRBRT.—Several Suites offices. NILLR MARERT GATB.— Stable le. 63. • week. 29, FINN RE'S BROW, rent Is. 64. per week. 18, LITTON'S ROW, rent 2s. 64. per week. Apply ROBERT Lows Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street WU rington. Telephone—No 55.

SHOP and HOUSH, 24, Buttermarketgareet, Warrington ; five bedrooms, sitting-roost, kitchen, scullery, two cellars ; rent £5O.—W. ISAAC, 28, Buttermarket Street, War- rington.

VINO LET.-leB. Padgate-lane, 4 bedrooms, '75. 3d. clear 1. also Semi-Detached Villa with bath, los. clear; few minutes from 'bus.—Apply Twowas Mumma, Orford-road, W rrrington.

- - - 44 HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH." - A. medical work giv log Prescriptions and Instructions for the care of. all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. Barnum, 48, Lousdale square, Barustmry. Lou' doa, N. _ _

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Ner—ous and Physical Debility should send for a value 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organics arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. sent sealed, post free. Address— B. NORTON. 59, & 60 Chancery Lana, London, W.Q. Bstablished 30 Years.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive °rpm write to me and I will send you a ok which describes a QUICK AND CRIITAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, &a., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEC- TRICITY. bent in envelope on receipt of two stamps for postage. A. J. LEIGH, Bcf2-93, Great Russell-str et, London, W.O

G-. H. & H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS. Splendid Parlour SUITE. uphols- Payments taken tared ha Green Velvet plush com- prising Lady and Gent's Easy Chairs four small chairs and couch, cheap £7 O. O. worth double S

Splendid SIDRIOARD. 6 toot Payments taken long 6ft 11 high. 3 large bevelled plate glass and 2 shelve.; worth Mimeo- £7 15S. OD. thin. Our price

Bed room TABLES in Satin Wal- Payments teken nut. merble slab and tile back and , large plateglass £5 _L Our price OS. On.

We have largo assortment of OIL CLOTH from ls lid per yard two 19. yards wide: per yard.

FLOCK BED, Bolster and Two Payments taken Pillows. From "Os. D.

Splendid Electro-plated CRUET. Payments taken 4 Bottles. new design. Note the 10s. 6. price only

59, 61, AND 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ED, W. rADWARDS, SHOP, OFFICF, AND HOTEL FIT TER, JOINER. AND SHOP FRONT BUILDER, b 3, VICTORIA-STREET, LIVERPOOL. SHOPS FITTED COMPLETE FROM £lO TO £5OO NEW AND SECOND-HAND FIXTURES AND FITTINGS ALWAYS IN STOCK. ESTIMATES RES IN TOWN OR COUNTRY.

ETCH. Creosote Oil. Brick Oil ; retail et. in ship loads.— LORD, Ship Canal Tar Works, Weaste, Manchester. RESIIIRE SPAR and TUFA for Rockeries, its.—Joine 1, BOND, Seeley, near Rowsley.

OSALB, Bay WELSH COB, hands, Ave years; J quiet will pass steam. Also Bay FILLY, three years. Both bred by owner.—T. HILLIwaLL, Top Lock, Aspull, Wigan.

L'ARAIHNWARB and China.—Seconds £2 crate Bests ; er will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d. ; wets for lats.—WEßß A2(D Co., Staffordshire Potteries, Lengten.

MhN troubled with PIMPLBS, BOILS, Norrostonoss Loot Vigour owl Clouoral Peellog of Weakaoso, should try Br. WILD'. PILLS. Post free is lid and is Set., from DARKS, K.P.S., Peztiotono.

SACEIPICIL—Ladr will dispose two pairs net Witney BLANKETS, ful, sized, unused, worth 455., accept 21s ; approval before payment.—Address Box 19, Economic Advertising Co., Worcester. O'BRIEN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLBS and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapest. Tables Be-Cushioned and Re-Covered.—J. O'BRIEN. OLODE BILLIARD Wpm', Bridge-street, Manchester.

WILT NOT WRITIII to-lay for Buy SELF MEASURE- MENT IFOams, and get year Clothing at first cost SUITS from Us. 6d„ TROUSERS, 6s. 941, Only a postcard, —l"Arsrow lisa ,Atlas Works, Jackson-street, Derby. x

10111.401( DEWS PlM:M.—Lady wanting cash wishes t• Ail sell beautiful silk brocaded black °repos Dress piece i. 6 yards). worth 4s 114 per yard ; accept 19s. 64.—Approval willingly.—Add Box 13, Boononvio Advertising Corapauy, Worcester. x

WOW IS /BB TIMB TO BUY good gonad reliable .1.1 WATCHES at wriolesale priest. Bickel Silver KeylesS Watches. jewelled movements Is 6cl; Lever Watches, full plate, jewelled movement, ta strong white metal oases. Per- fect imitation reel Silver, 10. 6d ; strong, superior sterling silver watches, I plate, fully jewelled, 251 ; all post free.—A. BRIDGER. Watch Maaufaotaror, High-st., Godstone.

„How TO INSITHE HEALTH.”—On the Laws Govern. lug Life, cad the Causes. Symptoms and Tratmeßt at all Disesteem depending en Nervous Debility, 'Mental and Physical Depressbn, Palpitttion of the Heart, Noise, la the Mead cad Bar. Sent post free two stamps.—MESSßfi. BARNES AX e Ce.,41, Loasdale-square, Thornhill-road, London. N.

" lARDEN 7.IHTTINCi."--Clood and strong. well oiled and kJ dressed, mesh made to keep smallest birds from Buds, Blooms, and Seeds in the ground. Price 100 by 1 yard ode, 38. 2 yards wide, 6e. ; 3 yards wide, 92. Carriage paid ordersover se. la value. Any length and width sup- plied ; use lithe liOyal gardens.—A. POTTEB. Vrolverhamp ten.

pROTBOT TOUR GARDENS from RAVAGES of BIRDS. —TANNED NETTING. A 5 square yards for Is Will not rot it left out in all weathers ; send any width • carriage paidlon all orders over ss. As supplied to the RoysiGardens. Seat on approval. Hundreds of te timonials. Common netting, 50 yards for is—Prom s lichar J. Gassom, Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

-A °O"G OFFAL—To people of this County. As an advertisement for one reonth to the first 200 apply- ing we will supply our noted Gentleman's blue or black bergs Lounge Suit for business wear at the low price of 13s. 3d. car- riage paid valued by experts and customers at 40/.. Send Postcard for free patterns and tape measure, which smu oan keep. We are fair traders and will keep our word. We fit any size gentleman up to 46 chest, same price 13s. 3d. The "bigger the better." Don't miss this great ohance. Cut this notice out and get a postcard and address it to - WARD'S Vi Clothing Company, Gatesnead-on-Tyne. Bngland, 21. ice- tablisked 111130.

; BETS I TENTS I —suitable for Gardens. Cricket, or Camping-out purposes. 40 feet In circumference, pegs, pole, mallet, and lines complete (with tent bag included). these tents are white, and have only been used a little by Her Majesty's Government. and originally cost over £6 each. I will send one complete for 2.55. Can be sent on approval. N. 8.—1 have a quantity of tents frem 15s to 20s each, but the tents which please my customers are those I send out at 2.5 s each, Carriage paid. Price List of marquees (any size) post free. I Do NOT REQUIRE PAYMENT TILL YOU HAVE BECEIk ED AND APPROVED OP THE TENT.— From H. J. Galleon, Government Contractor, Rye.

MEE CANADIAN RUBBER SPECIALIST will forward .1 on receipt if two stamps a price list of rubber mall:mom of every description. nest quality.—Apply 117, NicwroßT. writ e. ET, Holton.

(1000 WELSH COB ON SALE. aged 5 years, steel grey. snit lady or gentleman. Very quiet. works In all harness. ?rice £25.--4. R. REID, Cerrestion Farm, Middle- wood, High-lane, near Stoskport.

LIMCEPTIONALLY Good Litter COLLIE POPPIES;Cham- i_EI pion Southport Perfection, Champion Ringleader's strain, sable and white ; black, tan and white ; prices, moder- ate ;on view.—Boeroca, Beech Villas, Streetfold, Moston- lane, Moston, Manchester.

r ADM. -DR. mAcK ars MARVIILLOUS MRDICINH _LA Lives relief in a few hours and!. safe and certainly efficacious 4s. 941. post free (under cover).—Dr. MACKAY, T.D.V.S., 104 High Holborn, London. Advice gratis. Re- ject useless imitations. DepartmPrit O. x _

GINTIM AWAY large box WONDERFUL LIVBE PILLS: Contains 1.0 Pills, Chemists charge 2s. Send 3d. to °over postage, packing, etc. Ladies invited to send. Other Specialities free. Something interesting. Box 411. ECONOMIC A.DTERTIiLKO CO., Worcester. X

QTYLISH DARK CHESNUT MARE, 1&2 hands • five Li years old. Warranted sound and good worker ill all harness. Veterinary Surgeon Rzaminatlon. Price £5O; suit light lurry. Reason of selling, too light for owner's work.— JAssEs HYLAND. 169, Carrisbrook-street, Harpurhey. Man- chester.

TOPICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. ET MORELL,I7 and 18. Great Bt.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbnry. W.O. Cheapest House I London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame andßoomn Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings, &a. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regliding. Spescial attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just pub- lished, 107 pages containimg all the newest designs for six penny stamps. Glass Lists Frea monthly. Telegram RA BHTBY. London,"

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK STREET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. f 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, Itc., warehoused.

BOYS' AND GIRLS' MACHINES. THE FAMOUS JUVENILE MACHINE KNOWN AS THE RIDGFIELD Is the finest Juvenile Machine In the market being built in exact fac-simile of a first-class high grade Machine, ball bearings throughout, brake, mudguards, best weldiess steel tubing, pneumatic Tyres. thickly plated and enamelled vellow or black rims, selvet.handles. pump, Lc. In three sizes 22, 24, and 26 inch wheels. PRICE £6 15s. OD. What the Cycling papers say : " The Wheeler "—First-class line. "Football and Cricket News '—Handsome and Excellent "Birmingham Daily Post "—Dainty, Cheap and Good, "Sports "—Excellent. " Cyclers News "—Suit those in search of good machine.. • " Scottish Wheelet "—Well constructed and cheap. "Scottish Cyclist "—Neatly designed and well finished. " Irish Cyclist "—Glad to note their beautiful construction. WORKS: 18 AND V, MULBERRY-STREET, BEHIND BRAZENDIOSE-STREE r. ALBERT SQUARE, MANCHESTER, Sent direct on receipt of Post Order or Cheque. Guaranteed 12 months. Special terms to Purchasing Agents, AGENTS WANTED.

WARRINGTON.— BABY linen and DRAPBRY Business, old-established ; principal street ; owner retiring.— Apply Mr. R. LOWE, estate agent, 1, Bank-street, Warrirg- ton.

I IVERPOOL.—T. FISH, GAM% and POULTRY 1.4 DEALERS. Finest position in Lodge-lane ; well Atted up; good connection. This is genuina.—WALuou, 154, Lodge-lans, Liverpool.

-LIISII, CHIPS, PEAS, CABBAGE. RIBS TRIPB, Smiles 1: all fixtures, Chippers, two stoves pans, kitahea and bedroom furniture all for £2O, leaving town, rent 7s. 6d. week.—Address, 2, TOULE-BTHEKT, OrStale-lane, Salford.

UOll SALE, Greengrocery and Fruit Business, together I. with good hawking round; good reasons for leaving; going in public business; splendid opportunity. Apply 69, WEATGA TE. Burnley.

DIMNESS, thoroughfare in MANG/IMM. PRO VI- A/ SION ISSINESS, established 15 years. Two excellent windows. Energetio man can take £lOO per week.-168, liedloek-street, (5 doors from Stretford-road.)

CHESHIRE SIDE.—HOUSB FURNISHING BUSINESS for immediate Disposal ; established six years ; profits £3OO pearly : proprietor taking over another business : cash required, £3OO.—Address M., 3, Palmerston-streeb, Reek lorry,

DISPOSAL (though death).—Good Going TAILORING BUSINESS; shop and seven other light and lofty rooms : netted rental RP. Address in first instance Mr. Jona WARREN, 75, Higher Cambridge-street, C-on-M-. Man- chester.

TO BB SOLD.—Dressnaaking, Drapery and Millinery BUSINESS, in populous district. Agent for the princi- pal Dyers. Present ocoupier been there 10 years ; satisfac- tory reasons given for leaving. —Mrs. WATTL Lostock Hall, near Preston.

CONFBCTIONERY. Bread, Pastry, Drinks, Ice Cream BUSINESS established 7 jears cash trade, splendid position, roomy living pla,,e, bath lavatory, w.o. rent lls, weekly and rates, cost £lOO, but owing to illness, would accept £7O, or reasonable often—Apply personally 175, AmaTort-itEw-Roan. Helmick, Manch -sten

WILLIAM HODGEINSON LIMITED, GREAT CLEARANCE SALE, ENORMOUS bTOOX TO BE OFFERED, EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS, NOW PROCEEDING. pwinsS of 10,000 yards of SILKS of 'Various IT'wttEggiciPiMsr yards WASHINGIO.OO^—r dJOIT.iI:N'NUBIUSL N s and A LAMERTlusmber of TAILOR-MADE COATS and A NcuounEsof HOLLAND and PIQUE A LAvIVESRtgra;FIsdANTLES, JACKETS and A VALUABLE STOCK OF RICH FURS. A "taatrigG,StilDß/IsßrittillE ESTOUNDER- SEVERAL Hundred Pairs of High Class Corsets. OVER 200 UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES. VELtiYds.LARGE STOCK OF HOSIERY of all AN Bzirßdira.eilmrount el, lig Tat' RISINGS, SEYEGrt4Liousand Pairs of KID and SILK HOUSEHOLD DRA.PERY. A GOOD OPPORTUNITY TO BUY THESE GOODS. OVER 300 Pairs of CURTAINS of carious kinds. S" FANCY IFI7iTHENVITNoTTAaSEE SL FLAN- NELS, CALICOES, eta. kinds. and ART MUS- OvHiliro7varadrilooosf A LARGE Quantity of BAMBOO FURNITURE. TRAVELLING TRUNKS, GLADSTONE BAGS, MILLINERY,' A SPLENDID sroci, TO BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF COST. 46.) AND 481 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LELCESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by as in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities. PRESS OPINIONS. " We eannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard." "An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and mote costly packets."— Newcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright dun i g the coming season in a very economical and effective manner,"—" Horticultural Times." LIST OF VEGETABLIS AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain ing Lists ef Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, Hardy Plants' Ao., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 600 Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITBD 734 to inform their former patrons and the Pah- lio generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their Celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS.3PILLOW LINENS, Towimuna, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEHENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS k CUFFS AND LADIES AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. OHNIWILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET. GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRYVILLE FACTORY, BALLYMERE.

COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. 11 COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. THE BEST VALUE OFFERED. COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. THE PERFECTION OF QUALITY. LEADING PRICES. 1/.2, 1/4, 1/6, 1/8 & 1/10 PRE LB. Fully Detailed Price Lists Free. Central Warehouses— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON, Local Branch :- 41 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

DR. scow's pus Contain the finest drugs that can be procured DR. scorrs PILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. Sc°Trs LLs Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT s PILLS Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS be Best Family:Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified. D' SCOTT'S pus Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet or cold. DR S corrs pus Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACH, London, W. Do not be prenaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the right ng, which is wrapped in a square green package

Ebr "Oyamintr " otrits OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Hi -Chishire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. rr.LIE Earle:town and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rrHE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runsorn Examiner, published every Fri- _L day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday _L morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os 6d. ... Is. bd. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. O. as Od. 21. 6d. 41. Od. 45 is. 3d. 3s. Id. 61. OA. 54 ls. 6d. ... 3e. 84. Os. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise ment inserted on Credit under 2s. per Insert on.

THE EXAMINER. AUGUST 28th, 1898.

' A . . .- Almi r. • FA t PAI MIA FA 1 P•A L'e FA\ I PAC rAI 4P:&.•% 4 L .W 441 ZiA *a 1 . *DIM ta 1 15 I Mk.AY.Ik tI 4 WIEICEI 19r3E3 WIC CUE' .-.,..• _ ..., .. ~ .01... k it ,!,„W. -.. i•. W r-% 0 „ItoOriv.attOir,;-‘4. ~' -• . ~. .. rj :.... -, 0 : . rj :7- 41$ ..:;:.:......„ 41,10,- ~4. 1141 IS IN THE DRINKING 11 , , Frl AVID 11 IT CAN BE TESTED FREE v , ki THEREFORE WRITE TO US W 0 For Dainty Sample Tin (a you ustcarde ,Nri2iisdj? whiae will be sent 11.41 w Dr. Tibbliresst'Vtreei,doeoa, 6d., 9d. and 1/6. Sold by Grocers, Chemists and Stores. Ig 0 Address: 60, 61 & 62, Banhlll Row, London, B.C. ori .A..r w r 1 FAT Blr. & .IPAI tr. 4 I Ir. 1 . .14rA .41r. .r.r . 4 illr., a ..4/ r. A .11 rllir.& VA ILIVA..IVA 0 ra 27 /OVA ~.WW'A L. 9UV I raih. 71 2lo• . A zr.„. ....-.6..............................-K0r....v....wAyrAme..........,....-v.d0r....,...-......A........‘2.4402 ._

'OUR T.00A.18 CaURCITP•S. WYCLIFFE P.S.k. SOME IY. aprvin. on Son4n7 in conwetion with this society wag an (slue Voially good mot. Mr. Lang pregided and in a f.'!te 7-e I close,' rpm •rki urzei the memheri to work unit for VI. ,Irmeral welato of the society. Mr Eras. r) Rickferry, tel.; the sceaker. He tonic for his .;nhj,c'• Ph • narra-iy•‘ cmotaice ii I. Kin, chap. 12, Tich•grh Ltre4 re.'n 41.1 ti liirhten ti' harden of Cho Urael T'o• add pi Wag an rx.ereit one; and was highly spot. e'ated. Mr F !ix Midi of o,Jham—whn was fuleHiof t,nvact.nn at at thr Stekey rudg "voliceart Chaps' n torlay ni Moiday—vilti "Ts O'd Mae svel ,o Trani " scsinertoi, very e.,loist was Mr. W, ‘Vocle. The Rev. John Yoege and M-ss-a. Walter Br nigh, and T. Parka, took part in the Kfrrien.

GOLF. MERSEY CLUB. • The last of the monthly competitions in connection with the Captain's medal was played off on the above links on Saturday, with the following result : Gross. H'cap. Net. 7 Pornard 97 20 ... 77 H P 0 White II Parry 94 ... 12 ... 82 oreq4. GA IYorklll lO6 ... 74 ... 89 F Williamson W 9 Dutton l2l 22 ... 99 Joynsen 127 ... 24 101 Many others re'urned no cards.

CYCLISTS USE PILLAR BRAND. Lubricating and Burning 01ls and Cycle Enamel' Bnamellette.and Brunswick Black. From all Dealers. AGENTS: McLEAN AND CO., 13. sEEL-STREET. LIVEEPOOL.

MUNYON SAYS -- OLD FASHIONED METHODS OF DOSING WITH DEADLY DRUGS MUST GIVE WAY TO HIS NEW HUMANE SYSTEM OF CURING DISEASE. More Testimony from Grateful Sufferers, ASTHMA CURE GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF. , Mr. J. Roherts, of 30, A.spen Grove, Liverpool, sari t " mmn stroagly recorninead Muayon's Asthma Cure, 0 it gives immediate relief." MRS. OWENS RECOMMENDS MUNYON'S CURS FOR DYSPEPSIA. Mrs. OWCIIR of 28, Winstar stree, Livrrpeol, sari "I have fund gre it relief frrm icidie.ton by %akin% Manyon's Dyspepsia Cur?, aid will recnamend it." OLD FASHIONED METHODS SWEPT ASIDE. Professor Munyon's prog e sir ;doss and wonderful aucc?se have wol tboussn, 's of converts to his Net Methods. His office is crawded daily with obstinate and chronic cases brouent to test the new system 01' treatment. Every nu•'. brourht to Professor MusayeS ',naives careful attention. Ti.orourh medical examine- ' ion and advice fr all kinds af disease abs slutely freer orsoaally or by letter. Maurine Remedies are gold by all Chemists,at motif - ens ahilling pir vi4l, or tley will be sent by mail FA% free on receipt r.f Postal Order. Write name and address plainly. All cnnnsunications shout) be a''dressoi to Monyeall Homcepathic H me Remedy C m?sny, 121 and 12, Shaftesbury Avenue, Lo-don, W C.

r s D _LIAVOLUTION IN WATCIIMAKINC/' Owing to the liquidation of a large 514,3 Manufactory from which I have obtain, 2,000 Real NICICRL KRYLE WATCH fit I am prepared to off .r them to the pa.," `A , at the marvtdious price of , 'Vat ; „ 3s. 6d. earb. Usual price 10s. Carriage 6d. extra. Every Watch is regulated and adjusted before being selIC out. They are correct tirnekeepe.s, with movements Olga to the best chronometre, and ere warranted for 5 years. Th. stock is nearly exhausted, and such an opportunity of °ln taming a good sound Waf eh should not be missed. I shoula like you to ask any friend you hive ha London to call and sea these Watches before you buy, or otherwise send Posta! Order, and if you do not like the Watch, return it to ro,' within a week and I gutnntee to returo you the poor Order. Write at once to A. FARON, SURBBY HOUSB, VICTORIA BHBAHILMENT, LONDON, W.C.

WE OFFER YOU LIO• WILL YOU TAKE IT If so, then solve the 15 MI Square, purchase the SEN Gsong Book, and enter at ono& Price 6d. Posc, Free 7d The SENG Sir,g Book cents% the latest oolle2tion of new and old popular songs to suit classes, Unanimous opinions of press and Public. A fillW vellous and well-assorted contri but,on. INSTRUCTIONS. —The figures to be used are 1 2 3 4 5 6 78 9. Place one of CAN lOU these figures in each of the squares (keeping the 5 in 5 MAKE 15 centre), to count 15 each way, from left EACH WO to right, top to bottom, and corner to corner. THE " SUNG " WONosipJr COLLECTION SONGS, PRIOR 7d.. posr PRICE. Send 7d• P 041."„,.," stamps and addressed envelope. Write address distinevbe Enclose your volution ef Magic &para. and send at 0001. WE OFFER £lO TO EVERY PERSON SOLVING THIS, on complying with our conditions. RHSWLT & BOOK sent Within 3 Days. No waiting No Division I A Gioatic offer • A GENUINE AND BONA-FIDE TRANSACTION This offer is open for three months- COLONEL BROOKE of London,was the last Bonus Winner THE SENG PUBLISHING Co., 61 Robertson Street, Hastings. This advertisement is cut from Warringaon " Elranatiele

COMFORT, CLEANLINESS AND CURE FOLLOW THE USE OF W 4.0.5;C Dr. PAUL'S WHITE PILE OINTMENT.; Gives ease at once and effectually effanfsfat Piles, Cracks, Fissures and UlcarationS., In boxes 1/- & 2/6 each. Post free 1/2i 21, pn 119, BLACKFRIARDIDAN, ' PUGH 81. lAN LONDON. LEI

THE NEW LEMONADE. 2 GALLONS] FOR 40. Many People suffer from extreme thirst during the summer. Messrs. Foster Clark and Co. with their EIFFEL TOWER 1.2.140NADE hive supplied a want that has so long been fe'";.: EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE 18 made from the finest lemons, and the great advantage is that it is partly manufactured in Italy. in the midst of the lemon orchards. The lemons are taken direct from the es to the factory to commence their transformis- tion into the EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE. You ans get thirty-two tumblers (or two gallons) for ence naiipenny. Of all Grocers, or a sample willow sent free for six stamps. G. FOSTER CLARK iff CO. No. 594, EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY Maidstone.

JOHN CHORLEY, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT. BUTTERMARKBT-STRELIT AND SCOTLAND-ROAD., • WARRINGTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND 'BON , CO LTD., and The " UNDREAKABLR " P 'LLRY and MILL GEARING CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Cart Arms, Springs and Axles. Tyre Hoops, all strall, &Avila, Vices, Bellows, Nails, Screws Bolts and Chains MI descriptions, Spades and Shovels, Flies and Rasps, Ear Water Pipes and Gutters, Oils, Paints, and Colours' vanised Corrugated Sheets. Boding Felt, &0.. Folgings Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

QUOITS. --- BLACK BRAE, LATCHFORD v. ROYAL OAK, WARRINGTON. Played on the Black Bear around on Saturday. and resnlte6 in a win for the home team by 3, points. Result : BLIGIC BEAR. ROYAL Olt. g .. Walter Boardman W Pennington l3 J McLain T Wright G Taylor A Fletcher l3 B Wycherley 0 T Boardman l3 S Pannall T Lee J Carter l2 P Daniels W Whitney A Taylor • 12 P Pownall Ii Taylor l3 J McClinton .-9-4 132 STATHAM (STAR INN) v. CHEqHIRE CHRESV•,.,c This match took place on Saturday on the ground ' the latter at Latchford. Result : STATHAM. CHESHIRE CHEESE.. 0 W Hill (eapt) FLockyer 7 3 Taylor ..................... 4t T Percival ll T Williams .................. ai WOupwell B Howie!) JHill 3 Brown • ll Joe Taylor .................. It J D miels 1 Wm Jackson ............. W Apideton... Wm Daniels 2 J Knight ..................... 6 P Mears ll J Smith ....................... , 07 _

ould d Bed )stal )

GREAT TRIUMPH. 'WARNER'S SAFE CURE FOR KIDNEY AND URINARY DISEASES. Prescribed by Physicians OF ALL Countries. DISTINGUISHED PROOF OF MERIT. The only remedy which cures BRIGHT'S DISEASE. "Look to your Kidneys and Good Health will be Yours." Send for Pamphlet and Diet Rules to— H. H. WARNER & CO., 86, Clerkenwell Road, London, EQ. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per bottle. BOLD ALL OVER TREE WORLD.

ROBERT P. KER AND SONS, NURSERY AND SEEDSMEN, .11, BASNETT,STRRET, AND AIGBURTR NURSERY, GRASSENDALE, LIVERPOOL. TENNIS COURTS. BOWLING GREENS. &c. Pure Evergreen Dwell Lawn Grass Seeds. 15, PER Lb. 848. PER C T. CARRIAGE PAID. Is our Special Mixture of the very finest DWARF UHRGREEN GRA..3S SEEDS, perfectly free from Seeds of ^ eeds, same as sown by us on our lawns round the Groups u;)f Evergreens Lees, and Shrubs, for which we were 4Ward ed the GOLD MEDAL, LIVERPOOL EXRIBITION, 1856, 44.1 which, from their emerald green colour and fineness, Rained the ad:nil...Von of all vi.liors. We supplied last !easel' with the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn Grass Seeds zor nearly two hundred acres. II". PURE, AND RELIABLE. LOWER AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest Prices for Best Quality.

eOItpORATIO OF Titit :ADC OF .AIAN ODESTRit. CONCENTRATED , MANURE 144 from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., belivered in bass, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Toss lots within 100 miles, at per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. 811PIAY strictly limited. Orders should be given 6arlyin ths season to prevent die .ppolutment. Full particulars from D,IoALLISON, Indoor and3Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, manchoster. Or to B. ALDILED, Stamford-rd., Altrincham. tf• H. NEWTON. West Derby, Liverpool, "`r• J. 8. EtaLhat•in. Brookfields, DAddiley, neat liant Moth

OCKE'SUERBAL EMBROCATION. 400 PING COUGH The celebrated effectuas 1100 PING COUGH cure without internal

RING COUGH medicines Of all Chemists pne trOOPING COUGH 4s. per bottle. Sol ONdul Wholesale Agents TIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157 Queen Victoria street London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, LEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that he has Varchased the fItrz•INICSS suceessfu, ly carried on for loany years by Mr. JOHN H/11),10001E at King- ,ttreet and -17, gill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, 'ranter. CI-aglitter, &a., where he hopes, by being ore oeLtrally situated, to further extend his Zusiness, mad to merit a further share of the public ikatronage. It IR •—•--A. Good STOOK of the latest Sanitary Appli- IPCS" ; also a Choice Selection of wall papers and smaccations will be constantly on hand. HSTIMATBS QIVBN tor all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

SPECIAL LIMES' AND GENTS; MACHINES, £8 15s, TO £lO 10 . / I\lNvir 'kr.. HOWE GENTS' CYCLES ,tl2, 10s 101tVir ROWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. fiAXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES £1.3 Os ir‘-r-AXCELSIOR L MS' CYCLES £l4 OS rREMIER GEN rs' CYCLES £l4 Os PlerpililElt LADIES' CYCLES £l4 03. Alzw RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10s. Nitw RAPID LADIES' CYCLES £l7 10- r IME WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. GARLAND, SA, CYCLE FACTOR, Si, 53, 55, 13iil DOE STREET, WARRING TON.

POSTAL IN FORMATIONS POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON, LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows • 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Prodsham, Hetsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.— Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, stretton, Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford I 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Balton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Forei,4n. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, mad the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Ea-tern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham, Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, Londou and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol. Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester El East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sußon 2-30 p.rr; - Liverpool. Southport. Birkenhead. Northwhich Nantwich and Sanobach 2-45 p.m. —Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge. Helsby, Widnes. Penketh. Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 O'p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge. Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymna, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p•rn.—LiverPool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Q oeenstown and the U.3.America ,eWlieesrtYCumberland Liverpool, Birk enhead , 96:3105 OPPriFrirrl. r°lewsltel°o'Dit Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts—lo-OS, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—Loudon, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign ..uetters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is suspended. EAELESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ••• •'‘ •'. High-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jaates Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. 1. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m , The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m, PARCEL POST. —Pareel3 are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 PHELM.I.VaEnRdYBp.in LETTER commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICHES• Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG wiTsil.„ wouonudnds wLittlhatingalemehma.rfieonoZirstrilc:nse 'th/,'te, `wt.* you press your linger on the inflamed part it leaves the len. mession p If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. If not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being accreted the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be die. coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may )eve ef,tended various hospitals a ,d bed medical advice, an peen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am. putation ; bat do not. for I CAN CURE YOU. I dOn't, stry perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s, 6d. to-0: W. ALBERT, 73, F./ABINGDON-STREET LONDON, and you will receive a boa of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which Is eertain remedy for the cure of Bad Lege -too e maids' Knee, Uleerated Joints, Oarbuneles, pots) 2el tan BUDIOILS. (Registered Copyright.)

RECEIVING Housu, SUB-OFFICES, AND WILL BOXES ARE CLSABED AS FOLLOWS :

• LADIES • TEDISPENSIBLE TO LADIES I Pardeaiarl? those who A desire aquick, safe and reliable and non-Injurioul remedy for all obstructions and Irregularities, a medi- cine Which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which bare baffled the skill of the best medical men, No lady need despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Ws. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "IfOttr invaluable remeiy took immediate effect; in lesa than 19 hours I was all riAht, after 18 weeks ef gallery and hopeiessnesc.' A properly certified guarantee is encloted with testimonials and medicine. bee package at 416 is usually suthcient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed enl riope for particu- lars sad preofs. I will forfeit £2,000 if the testi- monials are not genuine.fd Theueanos of unsolicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and whet' coca led remedies which are utterly worthless endive:tidy:cut itnitations. Notice—This wonderful reme.iy nharameed to hove the largest sale in the entire world, helag the oldest and Only harmless medicine of its I. ind f r la lies, and cures more patients in one month than all other Fcmcla Reme.lies put together in twelve mouths. This can be proved by our Testimonials. 11 you require more particulars. I will send you per return of vost, in sealed letter, post ti ee, a splendid (31 Pages; and Guide cloth covers, Go pages and 40 ille,trations of Ladies Ap2 li.tnces). andfullp.rtjculers trf the wonderful effecttva rvireilos as acivcrtn,,d and sold in every town and vina:e in Great Ethan). Consultations Free evcry Lay 3to 7. Established ovs ZOO years. DO not delay, but write at once privately la MADAME FRAU swum& Institute. Hackney Road, London, NZ HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS AIRS Suffering to-day by not taking timely advice. Don't you add to the number, but TAKE , „AtApp,:t :',43••••VJ 7A): fcr': .46 av c4,-A4 • m*Y"' ' etta..l' A. 7 CONSTIPATION, BILIOOSNRSS. DYSPaPSIA, WIND, RHTCHING. SICK 11EADA.CRIIN, AND ALL LIVER AND KIDNAY TROUBLES. Order at once. Price 1/11.1 per box, Of your chemist L V Pill Company, 10, Fenchurch Buildings London, E.O

• MEN WHO ARE WEAK. MEN who are weak, and tired .of taking NAUSEOUS and MYSTERIOUS Preparations to no G ,ori PURPOSE Ought to write in confidence when the Physician will send you ful particulars FRIAR as to how ail cases of NEIiVOIIS DEBILITY. LOS of VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNIISSES, can be SUCCESSF :ILLY and PER MA NEETLY CURED. Send Stamped Addressed Enve!ope to THE COLLINS 111!nI ELY Co., GOTHIC HOUSE, 9.BIIiXIEESTREET, LIVERPOOL. Please name this paper.

Braccink Refreshing! Invigorating! ADD A LITTLE Condy's Fluid TO YOUR BATH. The effect is m4ical. Beware of Substitutes. Insist on Buying " CONDY'S FLUID."

• Give it to ePin ,14 the Baby. ;0414' ,t Was your baby born delicate? Is it having trouble cutting its teeth ? Are there disturbances • of digestion, paleness, emaciation, or other signs of distress? Nine-tenths of the ills of babies and all growing chairen come from poor nutrition. They don't need drugs and tonics and a great fuss made over them generally. They need 44. AT, 5 SCOL S Azobwialcarmar 452252'ESMEZ2EMEZ--0-27 and if you try this preparation you will believe us. To see how children love the taste of Scott's Emulsion and delight in taking it is almost enough. To 533 them thrive on it is a cup overflowing with satisfaction. Try it yourself and see. Scott's Emulsion is the best cod-liver oil, the best hypophosphites and the best glycerine made into the best Emulsion the world has ever produced. Made in London. SCOTT & DOME, LTD., LONDON, LC. ALL CHEMISTS. 2/6 AND 4/6.

FLORMINE 1-1"0, THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Tboional eleanses the teeth from alt parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevei tart-ir, stops decay. and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or ls. per jar or the " Powder." of all Chemists and Pert uniers.-- 4 der

.4.6 000 6.04044004,69.9.04.6.0.6 6 Satisfactory alike to guest and host is coffee made with Zymington's Edirtburth Coffee g Essence. Sold in small 7..,:ad largo 3 ,4 bottles by Grocers orywhere. 62„ AKt f?..: 4".0411•0t,it,t,f!: ' \7. C%

SNNTAL

These tiny et.#161.110111 reheve Kidney anti Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to Copaiba, Cube'os or Injections, nod cure In forty-eieht hours the same diseases without inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name Midy.• Sold by all Chemists, or post free 36 from WIL.CCU a CO, 83,15! ortlnter St.,London,W.

The noyal Laundreemni ay Uribeir.ey a " STarinfi GLOBS I unsiv.alledfor imparting a beautitet finish to starched inn..to., either cold or boiling wt-or starch. Mr.—. Corn Iwo? say—My wife will not [Willi mir linen without y our "Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford ;—Door sir,— lam. pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch. Glaze. ind Polishes, but end none equal to yours." If shoutd te used in every house. Sofa at Id., 3d., and Bd., b 3 mos, starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T 0 .t'innLVlt Blackburn. PrODri<tor.—Adrt.

‘iv‘;*eettiolliS ,41- !.: ... k 4vooo. 61 1914' ' 0/0.-- 1 CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVIIIC ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions, It Softens and Removes all bard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, vii of all Chemists. M. BEETNAM & SON, Chernists,MELTEMMAM.

Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- Makes a cup In a rncment. CL,RTiBSB4I PILL' are warranted to cure. in either eex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges florn the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains hi the ba. k. Free from Mereur . ifetfiblistied upwar al of 3) ears. In boxes 4s. 6d each, 0i7411 Chemists and Patent Medicate Vendors I hrough out th world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The latcolue and Midland Counties thug Company. Lincoln.— Advt.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS `6Ehlios ad fientocis Disordevs, SUM AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, ike. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Venders

Syrington's Edinburgh Coffee, Essen es are noted for their rich and delicious flavour. Sold in small and large bottles by, Grocers in every town.

DEAN'S FEMALE • MIXTURE Ii positively the only reliable and strotureit on earth. It will not hsrm the most delicate. Tr. will Cure the most' obstinate cases within 12 110'Irs, Sl:Mesa guaranteed In every cast. how,Ner lOTIV standing. TitoUSAND3 OF TWATIMONTLus. 2a. 9d. ; post free 3d. extra. To be had only C. DBAN. bIEDWAL UERBALIST, 113 Gray's Tun Hoed, London,W 0
