===== 0002601_18980603_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
kater

j pet- ritorsr •oyed acid

===== 0002601_18980603_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
abotlo

saro4 oras' abena

;0•1 ,gsbot , ari,l

a kJ' Lreeti

'0 21

FRANCIS j. DELL, -011 DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, MUNCH SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS ao Alwitys in Stock. Azi 11. E Y - ST REET, W AR RI N GTON.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN F RANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND abould take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at

JOHN WALKEIt AND "EXAMINER" OFFICE. WARRINGTON. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK. direct. every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL NEW YORK and FHILADELPIIIA every WEDNEs- BAY. f JOHN WALKER AN A 7,711,7, " EXA INE " OFFICE, WARM GYON. AGENTS FOE ADELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY TEA.IIIEI,S from LIVERPOOL,

EADE'S PILLS. EADH's Pius. All who suffer from Goat or Rheumatism should immediately EADH'S pILLS. have recourse to RADII'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE's pu.s. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to JADE'S plus. the wonderful power these Pills have In giving relief In the very EADirs pzu.s. worst cases. These Pills are purely Vegetable and perfectly sate In their action.

INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT. PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT .• 16,Burton-erescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HRUMATISM "Dear Sir,—lt is with unlsounded 4 t pleasure I send you a few lines in G°l3T waist+ of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had "tall UMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated

me down almost to a skeleton. RiißultATism The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try yourrills. I did so. and am quite sure they prevented RHB MMATISM my being laid up again. ever since, when I have nad the least 61.0 UT pain I have taken 2 Pills and I have been all .tgain RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT Bh WITHOUT

---- GOUT _ THEM IF THEY CO-S—T— - ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RIIBUMAT I S M You are quite at liberty to make what use you lilvi of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased It, answer auy poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles. Is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEOEGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. S.C. Ask for end be sure you obtain ADE'S GOUT AND ,rIHICU- NATIO PILLS. EADE.S PILLS

===== 0002601_18980603_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCIIE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUULE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sasbes from their Frames when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense egeeted.

ADIDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK.

MRS. !toms FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE.

Will positively remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUC- TIONS, Irregularities, etc., in a few doses. Guaranteed the most powerful and strongest on earth. Failure is impossible It acts like magic in the most long-standing and intricate obstructions. Ladies will save time, trouble, and expense by Coming to an experienced Specialist at first. Post free under cover, securely peeked, with full directions, and advioe. FOUR SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE per Bottle with WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF CURE. Thousands of Testimonials like the following. Full name and address will be a illingly given ; " For FIVE MONTHS I have been trying pills. medicine tabules, and other mixtures in vain, but one bottle of your pleasant remedy put me all right again."—Mrs, J. " Have tried nearly every advertised remedy for over FOUR MONTHS, but your's cured me with One bottle Shall be pleased to answer any lady as to the truth of this.' —Mrs. M,

If you are in doubt as to which remedy to send for, write for my 100-paged book of Testimonials showing you why the others cannot cure you. MRS. ROSH, 12, ARTHUR TERRACE, LOWBRAI OM) LONDON, S.R.

WOMEN'S AILMENTS. &c.—A Lady, having tried in vain,,, i RRRGULARITIRS. I every advertised remedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act in a few hours, no matter how stubborn the ease. Bong-file sufferers cart get it MB of CHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment with Worthless Pals, Mixtures Corm. s and other injurious nostrum. Write at once, with full 1101% and CONFI DSNOS to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings Chancery-Lute, London. _. __. .

===== 0002601_18980603_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER CAll DRAPERS.

OUR FAMOUS ESTABLISHMENT HOLDS ONE OF nig FINEST ASSORTED STOCKS IN THE CITY. Black and Coloured Dress Fabrics. Black and Coloured Silks, Satins, &c. Fancy Lace (foods, Ribbons, Gloves, Ac, Ladles' Blouses, Shirts, and Hosiery. Millinery, Flowers, Feathers, &c. Corsets, Skirts, and Underclothing. Mantles, Capes. and Costumes. Children's Coats. Pelisses and Maids' Costumes. Prints in every variety of Fabric and Colour. Household Linens, Sheets, Quilts, Curtains, &rt.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
LOOK OUT FOR OUR GREAT SUMMER SALE

COMMENCING IN JULY.

BERLIN and FANCY WOOLS In every Shade and Variety. BUTTERICK'S PAPER PATTERNS. A full STOCK always kept.

FUNERALS _FURNISHED COMPLETELY.

CROSBY AND Ie'VALK ER, LIMITED, 82, 84, 86, & SS, OLD LI MI-STREET, MANCHESTER.

ALL LADIES will be glad to hear that Mrs. M. Damerau, CERTIFICATED MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructions and irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in long-standing obstinate cases. It cannot fail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant people, they never send au the right remedy. If you have already done so, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and yon will not be deceived. You will find that leis always cheaper to come to the right place first. Below tar:tale:a testimonials received. The originals of these, with h of others, can be to en any time. Fr,m Mrs. Cozad's', : "Madam, will you kindly sent gain one bottle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted asplendidly. I enclose Binnte " Kindly j,3 ~,rd by return of it fi bottle Or your Female Mixture. It put me all right last oime, and I trust it will do so again?" —From Mrs. Pletcher t "Madame I received the Mixture all right, and I took the doies as stated ; it did at that was needed, for which I thank you very much. "—Mrs. 8. writes from Sheffield "I sin pleased to tell you your medicine did all that was required, though I thought it had failed, for I had the last dose thirty Lours before any change took place. I had the last do.e on Sunday, and all was right as possible Tuesday afte, noon. Everything had be,ti as well as It was possible. Had I written t you at first, I should !lava been over £2 in pocket. You may show this .etter. but , cover name and address."—Mrs. Bryan writ is " Mad ant. lam glad to be able to report that to last two doses hays had the desired effect. I shall r:commeod your remedy to all my married friends. I think it ,s excellent, and should I be in difficulty again myself. shouldat once apply to you." —From Mrs Garside : "1 have much plAsure in scuding you news of having relief the first morning, for which lam very thankful indeed. I shall always fee_ grateful for year Mixture, and if I need anything again, will send to you. Address; kite. DAMERAIL Milton Cottage, Forest sill. London

V ALNERA HERB TEA (Registered.) 10. ST. GRORIIII'3 CRESOBNT. LIVERPOOL. To be had Item

KNOWLES. Chemist (latell, 77, Bridge-street. Warrington. THE EBVHH-FAILIEG 1031111 DY FOR INFLUBNZA,

LIVER 003IPLAINTS. JAUNDIOR, ITLCsRA.TBD LEGS, SKIN ItRUPIIONs,

BAD BLOOD. ButGar,s DISBASX

===== 0002601_18980603_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.• •

I

U

'

===== 0002601_18980603_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
~. ) . ~ ~ 1 ,i....,,. .

===== 0002601_18980603_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAT USE M cDOUGA LL'S PATENT SELF—R AISING FLOU RTX IS THE BEST

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS. mom is the root of evil, and the contribution- box is intended to extract it.

SOME men seem to expect you to admire them for the thing they don't do. EVERY bride marries the best man in the world, but she doesn't live with him long. Jr you don't know when you are well off, you are pretty sure to find out afterwards. TENDER CARE.—" Was he kind to the child?" " Yes ; he nursed it as tenderly as if it had been a Government sinecure."

OUR. LANGUAGE. —Farmer : " Naow, Jabez, you kin go out an' cut daown thet tree, and to-morrow you kin cut it up!" IT would be a good deal easier to love our neigh- bours as ourselves if they would do things the way we do.

„_ IN all his troubles Robinson Crusoe had the con- solation of knowing that there was no one but Friday to walk off with his umbrella. He: "It's reported that we are engaged.” She "Well, you know its a mistake." He " Yes; I called to see if I can rectify it." • THE STATUS.—Brown: ':You can shave your- self, can't you?" Jones : "Well, Ido it; but I'm not quite prepared to say that I cam." " Willy, does your sister know I am here!" "I guess she does. She said she had a presenti- 'mot that you were coming." ' SOMETIMES the differences between man and man indicate individuality, and sometimes they indicate a fight.

"'ls it wrong to cheat a lawyer?" was recently very ably discussed by the members of a debating society. The conclusion arrived at was that it was not wrong but impossible. His TES.—She: "Now, that is imitation lace, but you couldn't tell it from the genuine article?" Ho: "I could tell it at once." She: " How ?" : "By the price." POSSIBLY. —Dramatist (wearily): "I tell you, if William Shakespeare were alive to-day, he'd find it difficult to get his plays read.' Friend: "Shouldn't wonder—considering his penmanship." A Exe.)USIEL.. —First Boy: "What do they mean by school reform?" Second Boy: " Dunn°. I wish it meant droppin' some of these things WO have to study, and givin' us shorter hours." MISS AETEEK—" I am glad to see all the girls taking to cycling; you see, I'm quite an old cyclist myeeif." Miss Snappee—" You've no need to tell us 'hut, dear." "TUE giraffe has a tongue eighteen inches long," said Mrs. Garrill. "And knows how to hold it, too," snapped Mr. Garrill, who had had a long cur- tain lecture the night before. CALLER: "How is your new servant doing?" Hostess: "Excellently. She only came the day before Yesterday, and already she can ride my bicycle." A SILENT ORDlUL—Employer : "Don't you see what's on the door?" Pat: "A bit ov paper, sur." Employer: "It says please shut the door." Pat: "Faith, I didn't hear it, snr." MAGISTRATE: "Do you mean to say such physical wreck as he is gave you that black eye?" Complaining Wife: "Shure, yer, honour, he wasn't a physical wreck till after he gave me th' black eye.' . . . . .

CHOLLY : "What you think, deah boy? That beastly tailor sent me a bill to-day, and it is a week yet until the Ist." Freddie: "I guess he was sending early to avoid the rush." HE (telling a hair-breadth adventure) : "And in the bright moonlight we could see the dark muzzles of the wolves. She (breathlessly): "Oh, how glad you must have been that they had the muzzles (ma " A SERIOUS Loss. —Scene—Parade of local Volunteers. Recruit (to sergeant): "Sergeant, I ha'e lost my eyesight." Sergeant: "Lost your what, sir ? " Recruit: "The brass thing off the top of my rifle" (meaning his sight protector). Hz OBSERVED Too Muca.—Papa : "Don't you think he is very large for his age—only fourteen months?" Friend : " Ye-es. Do you know, I've observed that most babies are very large for their age." MAMMA—" Now, children, I have been talking to you about cause and effect, and I am sure some of you must understand me. Tommy, suppose you were to eat a green apple, what would be the result?" Tommy—" I'd mos' likely eat two or three more if there was any left." Mr. Johnson (meeting neighbour) : " Mr. Malony, I'm surprised to meet you here in the city with no collar on!" Mr. M. : "Sure, no man knows use here." Mr. J. : "Well, you never wear one in Sububville." Mr. M. ; "Sure, every man know l me there."

A LADY gave a plate of cold meat and a glass of beer to a beggar at the door. The man, who hailed from the Emerald Isle, said, when going away, after having exhausted the usual Irish blessings, "Au' sure, me lady, if yer feet were as big as yer heart, it wouldn't be my corrns I should like ye to be threadin' upon!'

THIS old-fashioned woman was inclined to be critical.—" Have you found that bloomers really serve any useful purpose ? " she asked, "Yes, in- deed," returned the new woman, promptly. "In what way?" detnanded the old-fashioned woman, with the air of one who required incontrovertible proof. "They made my husband mad, "answered the new woman, triumphantly.

- WANTED TO SEE THE IST.-It was after the final tie between the 3rd Lanark and Celtic football clubs. An Irishman who had been at the match, meeting a friend, asked, " An' who is them that won the match to-day?" "The 3rd Lanark," replied his friend. " Begorra, then," says Pat, "if that's the 3rd Lanark, I would like to see the Ist. USE FOR A STRAW BONNET.—" Peggy," said a district visitor to a stingy old Beotehwoman, "my sister and I were thinking of giving you a bonnet, but I just came to ask you whether you would like it of satin or straw?" "Wee!, mein," said Peggy, "1 mann thank ye awl a' muckle, and if it's a' the same I'd like it o' straw, for it wid mak' a moothfu' for the coo when I'm dune wi' it."

Ha DIDN'T TELL A LIE.—" Young man, were you at school to-day?" "Why, papa?" was the reply, but whether of astonishment or dread is doubtful. "Come, sir, were you swimming ?" "No, sir, I was not." "Nor after birds' nests? Nor boating?" "No sir." "Well, Willie, Fm glad of it; very glad. Always tell the truth, my boy." "And if he'd asked was I at a football match he'd have had me," Willie whispered to himself, as he went up the stairs six steps at a time.

FIRST AMERICAN TOURIST : " I was in Venice a day and a half, and saw everything there." Second American Tourist: "You saw the ducal palace 1" First American Tourist: " Yes ; there was nothing that 1 did not see." Second American Tourist: Then you saw the Lion of St. Mark's, of course !" First American Tourist: "Oh, yes, I saw him fed."

. - UNDER FALSE COLOURS. —A young man hap. pened to be present at a party. One of the company offered him a glass of whiskey. He declined it with thanks, saying that he was a teetotaller. Unfortunately for himself, he had a very red nose, not at all like that of one who lbstained from intoxicating liquor. Immediately on his refusal of the drink, an old Scotchrnan, who was a bit of a wag, ',toc,d up, and said— "Wee!, man, ye micht tak doon ger sign, and let folk ken that ye're teetotal." SERGEANT-MAJOR: "Now, Private Smith, you know very well none but officers and non-com- missioned officers are allowed to walk across the grass :" Private Smith: "But, Sergeant-Major, I've Captain Graham's verbal orders to—" Sergeant-Major: "None o' that, sir ! Show me the Captain's verbal orders Show me the Cap- tain's verbal orders ! Show'm to me, sir! IT was the custom of a certain establishment to pay the employees fortnightly. This custom proved to be inconvenient to the workmen, and they decided to send a delegate to the head of the uAa sni vler i sphomwaenr,s , fame wads firm to state their grievance. for for his sagacity selected for the task. He duly waited upon the senior member of the firm, who addressed him thus—" Well, Daniel, what can we do for you this paorni "If ye plase, sir, I've been sint as a diligate by the hands to ask a favour of ye regard in' the payment of our wages." " Yes ; and what do they desire? " queried the boss. " Well, sir, it is i the desire of inesilf, and it s al sothe desire of !very man in the establishment, that we receive our fortnight's nay ivery week !"

choicest roasted nibs beans) of the natural Cocoa,. . (broken up ,hkPwri a.oco..NK —t.,0,20,1-INio lixtra-ct. (lea-like).—Tha on being subjesteri forth their excess of oil, leaving for to powerful hydraulic preorwe, give use a finely flavoured boiling water, has tbii stence of tea. of powder-- Cocoaios," a product which, when prepared with conai with many, beneficially which it is now. taldng the place. Its active princi- pie being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system. Sold only in labelled tins. If unable to obtain it of your tradesman,* tin will be sent post free for 9 st arops.--James Epps and Co. Ltd., Homceopathic Chemists, L0nd0u....4414.

" CAPTTAL" CITAT.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
The death of Mr. Spencer Walpole releages a first- class political pension of the value of £2,000 a year.

It success follows the proceedings which are be- ing instituted to test the legality of the sale of in- toxicating liguors at the unlicensed bars of the House of Commons, it is understood that similar action may be taken by the temperance party against mere than one of the Government depart- ments in Whitehall and Pall Mall. 111ost of these pnblic offices, which are neither licensed as public- houses nor recognised as clubs, have refreshment departments in which exciseable liquors are sold, and it is sated that in one case the contractor is a brewer.

Mr. Lough's letter to the President of the Board of Trade on workmen's trains will scarcely fail to convince Mr. Ritchie that there are some serious gaps in the system, if system it can be called. But what will Mr. Ritchie be able to accomplish with the railway companies? That is the question. The companies vow that they can do nothing more,and that a single additional train would be the last straw on their overburdened backs. Meanwhile the accommodation for workmen falls short of the de- mand to an extent which is incalculable, and the block bids fair to become permanent. One of two things must happen. The companies must find a way of doubling their workmen's trains, or a push must be made to lay down electric trams through the main outlying belts of London. Otherwise, the congestion of London proper, dangerous already, will go on until it becomes insupportable. Which is it to be?

The visitors to the National Portrait Gallery this holiday week had the great satisfaction of looking upon Mr. Watts' fine portrait of Mr. Gladstone, which the artist presented to the nation.and which is on view now for the first time. In this werac the great statesman is represented, rot in those mature years which make him familiar to the younger generation,but in middle life, before age bad begun to write its wrinkles upon his features. It is a very noble production, and is a munificent gift, which the nation will not fail to appreciate. Doubt- less other portraits of him, both earlier and later than this, will find their final resting-place in this historic gallery, which in real value exceeds all the art treasures the nation possesses. To us the like- ness of a contemporary which is to be met with in every print shop and illustrated paper is a light thing ; but as the centuries roll on it becomes a treasure of priceless value.

The dozen days' Whitsuntide recess at the Law Courts closes next Tuesday, and among the actions very interesting to the public will be that in which Mr. Hedmondt is the plaintiff. This is the result of one of Mr. liedmondt's operatic ventures since he left the Carl Rosa Company, in which company his appearance will always be remembered by Liver- pool music-lovers. The famous tenor was one of the principal attractions of the comic opera, " The Scarlet Feather," at the Shaftesbury Theatre last autumn. Between the opening chorus of praise by the Press on the beautifully-mounted productien and its abrupt close there was an illogical incon- sistency, which is not at all an uncommon pheno- menon in the chances of dramatic enterprise. Tim piece was expected to run at least twenty weeks. It only ran four.Mr.lledmondt's action is in the first order of the second week after the recess.

Long before the two new expeditions which are projected with the view of making another attempt to reach the North Pole have got fairly to work, a series of experiments, which one of the American geographical societies is about to inaugurate, may begin to bricg forth some results. This is the set- ting affoat a system of drift casks, with the object of determining the direction of the Polar currents. A hundred casks will be set adrift, in sets of five, at various points, commencing north of Behring's Straits. Many of them,it may be taken for granted, will never be heard of again, at least not during the present generation ; but of the hundred not a few should be recovered in a reasonable time at some points in the Arctic Circle. By this means the existence of any current will be determined. The inlet.and outlet of the passage will become known ; hut the course and direction of it will be a matter for future determination. lam glad to ob- serve that the United States Government are likely to give some assistance, and this is a circumstance of which the British Government should take note.

The satisfaction among the members of the House of Commons who took part in the funeral proceedings at Westminster Abbey with all the arrangements made for the ceremonial appears to be complete. One thing was very noticeable in the exchange of views which took place in the lobby before the procession was formed—the almost un- animeus agreement which appeared to have been come to as to the wisdom shown by the Gladstone family in assenting to the proposal for a state funeral. Many admirers of the deceased statesman thought that a quiet burial at Ilawarden would best have accorded with the essential simplicity of his life. But the spontaneous display of public feel- ing in connection with the funeral, the wonderful order which prevailed, the obvious and genuine feeling of respect on the pert of the vast crowds which thronged Westminster Hall on Thursday and Friday,and the extreme tact and ability shown by the authorities in making the arrangements at once simple and impressive won over those who were in- clined to feel any doubt in th• matter; and on Saturday everybody seemed to be agreed that quite ' the right course had been taken. After the cere- mony, too, those members who lingered in the neighbourhood of Westminster were warm in their praises of the dexterity and good taste which bad characterised the conduct of the proceedings throughout, and in this way had averted even the semblence of a hitch. It te so seldom that a great public ceremony passes off without criticisra and grumbling that this unanimity of appreciation is worth putting on record.

The good old Tory stalwart, " Blackwood's Maga- zine," can no more than the rest of us see wherein lies the justification of the extraordinary triumph claimed as regards China by the Prime Minister and his nephew, " Ebony finds Lord Salisbury's Prim- rose League speech "the most disheartening, indeed the most alarming, of all," and it cannot even con- sole itself by thinking that" the future conduct of the nation's affairs—in the extreme East at all events—will be more satisfactory than the past has been." If this bad appeared in a Radical mcgszine what flat blasphemy of Downing-street it would have been. " Followers of the Government my usefully remind themselves that there are things in heaven and earth more precious than a seat in Par- liament ; that there is a higher allegiance than that 6f party—a paramount duty to the people whoqe welfare is so largely in the keeping of their repre- sentatives." Why this looks like a Christopher North or a Lockhart redivivus, as far as slashing goes, and with somewhat more reason in it.

A useful and in some districts necessary branch of technical instruction has been supplied,by means of travelling vans,for practical teaching in farriery, and a return which has been prepared for the Dur- ham County Education Committee give i some in- teresting particulars on the subject. Only eight counties out of 47 to which inquiries were ad. dressed supplied instructions by means of travelling vans last year, and those were all in the South of England. The original cost of ei van and its equip- ment varies from .£65 in 13erloshire to £l2O in Bent and Surrey, and the salaries of instructors, includ- ing assistants, from £l3O to .£2OO per annum. The duration of each course is invariably ten days, the school being opened from two to four hours each day. As a rule four students attend, the total en- tries for the year varying between 65 and 100. Compared with the cost,the number of pupils taught is small, but in each case the results are held to justify the expenditure. In other counties, such as that of Lancaster, farriery lectures have been ar- ranged, and several are considering the desirability of starting a van.

THE NEW LEMONADE. 2 GALLONS FOR 40.

Many people suffer from extreme thirst during the hot weather. Messrs. Foster Clark and Co. have supplied the want that has so long been felt by makings concentrated lemonsde, which is far more economical than the ordinary lemonade. It is made from the finest lemons, and the great advantage Is that it is partly manu- factured in Italy, in the midst of the lemon orchards. The lemons are taken direct from the trees to the factory to commence their transfor- mation Into the Eiffel Tower Lemonade. You ean get thirty-two tumblers (or two gallons) tor fuurpence halfpenny. If you cannot get it from

your grocer, send sixpence:to

G. FO ,TER CLARK AND Co..

NO. 594 EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY. MAIDSTONE. Bole manufacturomf " lErrrEL TOWER LEMONADE

===== 0002601_18980603_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER,.

klir Thus NICLISII,

Canoe-shaped hats with round fronts dented is the centre are exceedingly fashionable, and many are only slightly raised, and the chiffon and flowers piled both on and below the brim, while others are turned up excessively, and curve off to a point, thiq hack folding bows and loops of ribbon or chiffon. The best milliners are favouring very low crowns, and arrange some trimming on the top, rather to the back ; but there are many large crowns shown, and also toreador effects, but these require only a cluster of plumes or a single hand- some feather, held upright by a fancy buckle, and usually supplemented by an osprey.

A very fashionable toque of black straw is of the Tam 0' Shanter style, with a full edging of the fashionable pleated black chiffon. On the left side there are sharp bows of black glac6 ribbon and jetted black quills, held by rosettes of black kilted chiffon.

Very charming toques of quite a small "hat" size are to be seen in fancy straw, and these are lightly draped with sequined tulle, a loop or two of this arranged at front or side, with some fancy wings or an aigrette, and the whole completed by groups of flowers, deftly arranged to show at back and tront. Straws are also sequined, especially the rouleau edge and crown, and then require very little beyond the ehoux and flowers:.

Green straw is certain to be fashionably worn, as it accords so well with muslins, grass lawns, and light textures ,lenerally, and is seen at its best when trimmed with roses. A hat of fancy green satin plait, surrounded by a wreath of pink roses and foliage, with gauze ribbon in tones of green and lilac, and creamy lace printed edge look. well.

A very handsome blouse has cordings running all down the sleeves and across the front and back, with rows of transparent creamy lace in between; this a very effective and becoming model, which can be had ia any colour. A lovely blouse for evening wear can be made entirely of chiffon, over a silk lining, and the transparent material is gathered up into little diagonal puffings, which form points all round the bodice; this model is trimmed with satin ribbons to match, and a jabot of light lace, which goes right across the bodice from the right shoulder to the waist at the

An exquisitely dainty high blouse is made of alternate stripes of accordin-pleated white chiffon and creamy lace insertion, through which a pale green silk lining is seen, and the waistband and collar are of pale green satin ribbon. Cashmere is so exceedingly fashionable that the lighter type of gown, with trimmings of lace appliqué, or sequin passementerie, is delightful for afternoon wear, and -very smart costumes are made of this material. Pervenche, periwinkle, hyacinth, and harebell are all fashionable blues, and less aggressive than violette de Parme, which is really periwinkle with an additional touch of violet, and was quite the rage early in the spring. With these costumes a coat simulating the Norfolk style could be worn.

becoming costume is in rased& cashmere, made with a plain, well-gored skirt, with vandyked applique insertions running down the left side. The bodice is made in pinafore fashion, with yoke of finely-tucked blue glace silk, the high stook arranged in fine folds, and finished with a half. collar of the applique lace, wired at the edge, and then bent outwards in fan fashion. The cashmere over-bodice is plain at the back, and pouched in front, and the neck opening is outlined with the insertion, which runs down the side to meet the lace on the skirt. This bodice should fasten down the side, as the tucked plastron is spoilt if not made entire, but the lining can hook down the centre in the usual manner. The sleeves are irs one piece, with fulness at the top, but fitting closely elsewhere. Short sac coats, with or without yokes, are worn, and many are elaborately braided in brown and gold, or in black, and the sleeves tucked or corded for at least half the length. Short coats are also shown in the Russian blouse style, but with only a slight fulness, the fronts are open, and turn back, with exceedingly smart revers, usually of white silk or satin, with braiding or embroidery. These latter coats are worn with jewelled or fancy belts, and are especially becoming to slender figures. Your, loving JENNIE.

d'r , , ' 4\ T •. ~.71„„ ~,,ir • d.,,,,, ~.., vidl, ...3 -0 giVer:?:: ' , .2,../z. re., :1 il /4114 1.4. • I 1 k

.p.. : , 40, 714 'l'. l''''.,. ' 4 * 7 ,/,'• :IP / •ty 'l4; / , . I ;• ,r,,,3'.:.:11, ; ow // • • "- - " - "-'• , , /// .... ,/ . - ,• i '<,rA..,/// ... ..... .....,.......," 7. , At- / - /,' _ 0, • 2= / - or/ ..-_-- - 1/ 4 , • ~if, .. - , .. „ / ~i / . F• ,4 , 1

*-- ... .„ , 4. . . ,1 '/ / . 6 'il I • ' ' 1 ' I ? 11 / / '.. '%'' + 4. f/ 4t / 4/.. . , \l\ i : ..:,. /4. ,:, ,4 ~ 2.,5A, i I t la ' '

===== 0002601_18980603_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WOMEN.

Female Irregularities aril Obstructions Quickly and Safely Corrected in a ew hours, by a new and simple method, particulars of which will be sent free on receipt of stamped envelope Advice Free_ by Letter. Be wise in time. MR. L. MARTYN, 20, Blehopagate Without, London.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
left.

THE EXAMINER FRIDAY JUNE 8 1898

WOMEN'S CHAT."

According to present arrangements the Duchess cf axe-Coburg, and Princess Beatrice will speed three or four weeks in London this season, the Grand Duke and the Grand Duchess of Hesse joining them at Clarence House, which is now being prepared for the reception of the Royal visitors. It must strike any ordinary person that either the Royal residences in London are singularly ill-constructed or that a prodigious amount of unnecessary labour and money is expended on them year by year. Marlborough House, for instance, when the Prince of Wales and his family are absent, never seems to be out of the hands of the builder and decorator,while Buckingham Palace, St. James's Palace, and Clarence House,are continually pro- viding work for the men of the brush, to say nothing of their brethren in the plumbing interest. Madame Patti'e appearance— the first since the death of her husband—at the Albert Hall, London, must have been a trying ordeal to the diva, but, it was noticed on all hands, and with considerable pleasure that Madame Patti's voice still retains its old magic, and that her art is unimpaired. Madame PatWe toilettes, of which she possesses an al- most endless array, hail invariably from Paris,wbile her furs—no unimportant detail in the wardrobe of a woman who sometimes journeys to St. Petersburg in mid-winter, or to Canada, and North America, when risks are run of the train being snowed up—are of softest Russian sable, sable,which is worth its weight in gold. Sa far as her jewels are concerned £25.000 is probably a very low estimate of their worth. The diva herself acknowledges a weakness for the pure dense colouring of the turquoise; and without doubt she chooses wisely in naming this as her favourite gem, for the delicate blue is well calcu- -1 lated to enhance her pale fair skin. That the nightingale is occasionally found in the ex- treme North or England is now an assured fact. This year several specimens have again been noted in York- shire. The bird is a trifle longer, and of more elegant form than the robin, with plumage of an olive coleur,on the back and ash grey breast. The eye, so large and bright resembles the robin's. For the first month the bird sings at intervals throughout the day, its song be- ing a sequence of sweet sounds of about 20 seconds duration, and a like interval of silence. In that respect one cannot compare it to the continuous outpouring of the lark, or the broken melodies of the brown thrush. The quality of tone however is exquisite, and one long- drawn swell in it is unapproachable among bird voices. The name of the nightingale is of very ancient origin " Night" being derived from the Anglo Saxon "nacht " and gale from the verb "gallon" to sing. A very fine specimen of the osprey has lately been pre- sented to the Zoological Gardene,which is of exceptional interest, as being probably bred in Scotland, and thus affording practical evidence of the good effected by judi- clone protection in the preservation of one of the finest iiritieh birds: It was thought for some time that per- secutien had effectually driven away this species from our isles but it is now certain that a few pairs still breed in Scotland, though the precise localities are of course kept secret. It is no longer possible for any woman to plead ignor- ance ae to the cruelty involved in wearing birds, and egret plumes for one can hardly take up a paper with- out reading something heartrending on the subject. It 1 is true the women who patronise this particular form of ornamentation (?) are now, happily, in the minority, still one would like to feel that such a barbarous mode had ceased to exist. The Princess of Wales never by any chance permits any form of trimming that has involved cruelty to living creatures, to adorn her headgear, and id this instance, as indeed in many others, we cannot do better than follow closely in her footsteps. The socalled osprey lathe sea-eagle, or fish hawk. The bird whose feathers it would seem are bedispensible to the adornment of some fashionable woman, iretthe egret —a snow-white crane, whose plumage is only in per- fection at its breeding season. From the wholesale slaughter of this elegant creature, and consequeut star- vation of its young, the species ere long will be extinct. And so also will that glorious crow,the bird of Paradise. It is a fortunate circumstance that most of our birds' plumage is of a homely brown or black. It is probably to this we owe the song of the merle and maxis, the lark and linnet. The robin 'mainly on acoouns of that patch of vermillion has for some time figured in hats and bonnets and so has the blue barred wing of the jay. It is fortunate for the farmer that his friends—the rook, dews and starling—are of sable hue, and not white and capable of taking a dye. FOT:SOMP years past we have heard with the utmost regularity, that spots and stripes are to go out, but each eeeson they appear in moee fascinating array than ever. White tulle,lesse, or gauze, with spots of black chenille is the trimming of the moment, for all sorts and con- ditions of headgear, a matter to congratulate ourselves upon. These fabrics drape themselves, and with the addition of a few Illwers, or a little fruit (cherries pre- ferable) the trimming of a hat or toque shculd not be a difficult task to accomplish. The quaint ribbon embroidery on silk or satin, a re- vival of the work done by our great grandmethere. has "taken hold " orce more. It is very pretty, very effec- tive, and not nearly so difficult as it looks. And not only are flowers portrayed by means of the ribbons, but scroll work is done with them, not laid On flat, but ap- parently gasified and firmly secured to the silk or satin by invisible stitches between each little ripple of ribbon. Pete ribbons are gathered and set on with a fine silk cord like miniature frills outlining flowery designs. The needlework of Greece, which has lately found its way to our shores Is unique, and worked mostly on the cotton crepe of the country. It is bright in celocr, but not garish, and very finely wrought, the stitch being cord-like and carried out in silk, or occasionally in coloured cottons. The articles are auitable for:afternoon tea cloths, toilet tables, cushions, antimacassars, table centres or book covers. Some of tbe pieces are merely embroidered with a finely designed border but many of them have conventional leaves all over, and a few are worked in filoselle. _._ . ..

- It is very interesting to note how different nations ex- ' press themselves in their needlework. Close besides the Greek embroideries are those of Roumania, Russia, Den- mark, and Britain The Danish work is vivid, decided and effective, and has the appearance of applique, The Russian fa barbari c. primitive.and reckless,in colour and idea. The Boum Wan approaches more nearly to th.- Greek in its fine restraint, but there is a severity of colour, a classic decorum of design in the Greek work, that we find in no other. As for the British, it lacks the individuality of the other embroideries, but it is abun- dantly varied, if not very original. The thrifty housewife who pays eighteenpenee or two 'killings a pound for her tea, would have to rely upon some other beverage for harmless exhilaration if the prices of last century came into vogue again. At one time sixteen shillings would only secure a Pound of the most ind ifferent tea, while t wenty-four shillings had to be pal d for a pound of the best. And with regard to coffee, this rose at one time to the fabulous price of £lBO a ton ! Why a ton is taken as the standard weight is not obvious, but we read that those who indulged in the luxury, drank as much as three or four dishes at a time, which may explain it. Speaking of tea, that always used by the Queen is known as Earl Grey's mixture." Wherever she goes, a stock of the tea, like her bedstead, accompanies Her Majesty. Daticzows Cares may be made as follows : Take on pound of potatoes, one teacupful of milk, quarter Of a pound of flour, one ounce of butter, half a teaspoonful salt, and a teaspoonful of baking powder. Peel the potatoes, boil them till quite soft. After draining, allow them to steam till they are quite dry, then beat them up till they are quite smooth when add the milk, butter, baking powder, salt, and lastly the flour. Mix all toeetber in the saucepan, and allow it to get hot. Flour the baking board well and roll the mixture out on it, about half an inch thick, cut it ia rounds, and bake them in the oven for about twenty minutes. They may be eaten hot or cold. .

" MADGE."

===== 0002601_18980603_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN OF CUBA: A TALE -OF LOVE AND WAR

rbpyrtght.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ET GRAHAM REDPATH, Author of "The Baffled Press Gang," "When

Things Went Wry," Icc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS :—Dr. Jam& Cardonna, who has lost money in speculation, Is leaving Spain with his wife and two daughters, Castilia and Coria, to make his fortune in Cuba. The girls both leave sweethearts behind them— Leon and Castello. Dr. Cardonna makes his fortune in Cuba and thinks of returning home with his family. Meanwhile, during a holiday in England, Leon and Castello have made friends with Vigo, another Spanish visitor.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER V.

A NEW FRISKY).

One evening, whilst they were sitting in the in where they had decided to spend the night, Castello Ektentioned the name of Dr. Jacca Cardonna, with clings of pride, because tender thoughts of his -Ausin swam into his head as he drank his_wine.

'Vigo drew his chair closer to the tire, and fixed Ws eyes on Castello, with an off-hand observation: "Dr. Cardonna—pray may I ask who is he?" Leon observed the anxious listener, and a sudden feeling of disgust seized him. "Certainly," said Castello, carelessly ; "why, he is one of the cleverest men we have in Spain?" "But his ancestry ? " "His ancestry is one of the best that any man can boast. His departure is a loss to Spain. "Oh, he has left Spain! People of pedigree scarcely do that," suggested Vigo with a smile and shrug of his shoulders. As the conversation proceeded it seemed to possess uncommon interest, for the stranger. Lleren was now alert. Leon wondered why. "Well, he did not wish to go, but he had no choice," continued Castello.

, "Business men are moved by many motives; but 'must ' is a strong term." "But true in his ease," said Castello. "Well, some men have a higher sense of duty than others.".

Vigo was clearly encouraging Castello to go on. Leon rose, suggesting, with a yawn, it was time for retiring. Vigo coolly lit.a new cigar by way of reply, and Castello did the same. Leon reluctantly left, fearing the turn the con- versation, which he had endeavoured to check, "11-vightonroowthalky roused. e.lii To His suspicions of Vigo Lleren ere thughim it seemed plain that Vigo was a mere adventurer. When the cigars were lighted, and the glasses refilled with sparkling wine, Vigo easily resumed the lead with : "Is the doctor's a political offence ? " "Oh, n 0,,, replied Castello. "I was just about to give you the reason, as friend to friend, and I know you will keep our secret, when Leon inter- rupted us by hurrying off to bed. The doctor over- speculated, you know, and he has gone abroad to seek his fortune. Just fancy a grey-headed man gone in search of a fortune! And he'll succeed, too." "It is strange and interesting. Then no one knows where he has gone? "Oh, yes, we do; he's in Havana. He's a clever fellow, and will make plenty of money there, I'll warrant. Then when he returns I'm to marry his daughter." "That will be very nice," replied Vigo with a smile.

After a broken sleep, in which Vigo figured pro- minently, with his ugliness exaggerated, Leon rose early. Ile was determined they should be rid of this strange companion at the first opportunity, for he began to vaguely fear trouble of some sort from their association with him.

It was a bright morning, and before taking their seats on the coach Leon contrive I to draw Castello aside to ask him the purport of their conversation on the previous night. Leon could not conceal his apprehensiveness, and said testily that Vigo was not to be trusted, and lie feared that Castello had done wrong in dis closing the destination of the doctor. "Not at all," said Castello, with a laugh. "He thinks a lot of you. Why, Vigo is as honest as the day!" "Well, on that we differ, Castello, and we must get rid of him somehow, once we get to London." "You can do as you choose," said Castello, "and I suppose I may please myself about that." "Alter your resolve, for heaven's sake! We know nothing of this man," urged Leon. "I won't," said the other emphatically. "Yore come to enjoy myself, not to bend to yoikr whims and wishes; and my mind's made up." A shrill blast on the horn announced that the coach was ready to start. As they climbed up Leon whispered :"Have a care, Castello; Vigo is unworthy of your confidence." Arrived in London, Leon once more appealed to Castello to come with him to the old apartments, but unsuccessfully. Castello was in a wilful mood, and went his way with Vigo. Only twice did the tr-o friends meet again in London; once by acci•lent, and once by design. But Castello st,:ck to Vigo closer than a brother. His new friend iiad fascinated him.

CHAPTER VI. TIM HERO OF THE ANTILLES.

Leon two years later was ordered to the Spanish dominion of Hayti, in the West Indies, to quell a rebellion. _

The Convention, which governed the native population, had sent out a proclamation of their favourite doctrine: "All men are free and equal." It was a cry that always did, and always will, prove popular whenever raised in the West Indies. Aspirations for regaining the fatherland cannot for ever sleep in the bpsoms of a conquered nation. it was so with the people of Hayti; but the ill- timed proclamation only stirred them to wild thoughts and reckless acts. Tranquillity Was turned to turbulence, respect for law and regard for the general good were deities dethroned. Amidst the chaos created by the struggle between the whites and the free men of colour, the slaves sought to apply the same principles. They were the most powerful of the three parties numeri- cally, and soon massacred large numbers of the belligerents, ultimately becoming masters of the situation. They held French St. Domingo; but only for a time, for a better Government was established. Military despotism succeeded the gross excesses of the revolution. This could only be for a time, and soon the seal of doom was set on one Government, and preparations made for the birth of another to take its place. The Republic of Hayti was the Dame the people gave it, though it only ruled in the 7rench province. Under Boyer—an ambitious and daring son of Gaul—it was bound to grow. In a little space it sought to usurp the Spanish portion of the island. Proud Spain haughtily sent Leon in command of a strong force to suppress the Boyer rebellion. He made for St. Domingo, the capital of the Spanish possession ; but are he arrived the slender garrison had been compelled to capitulate. Boyer, the people's idol, called upon him to lower his flag and leave the harbour before day- break. That was at twilight. In less than an hour the two other vessels forming part of the expedition had dropped their anchors opposite the forts and were commanding a road leading to the residential portion of the town. Meanwhile a letter had been despatched to the Spanish officers who were to be liberated. Read across it was innocent and satisfactory enough to the rebel chieftain ; but to the garrison, who had been informed of the trick, the first half-sheet con- tained important instructions. The letter read as under:

To the Spanish Officers of St. Domingo Garrison. Get yourself in readiness at once to come on board. Come to south east of town and a boat will meet you. Two sailors are ashore there purchasing fresh stores. And you can assist them to bring them on board. By order, Laos CANTARd, Officer in Command.

The Spanish force was released, and a picket gent to see them off the island. Soon they met the !'atiors with the stores, and they led the way into the trap prepared by the picket. The struggle was short, for the escort, though strong, was soon over, powered. Then the heavy boom of a gun in the harbour was followed by a succession of broadsides from the three vessels. . .

Though taken completely by surprise, the occupants of the fort soon thundered back a reply. The naval fire took the better effect; their aim was steady and concentrated, and the gunners in the fort wasted their strength by spreading out their fire on the extended line. Where the flashes appeared they found difficulty in calculating the range, and on findine it many of their shots took the water in the

===== 0002601_18980603_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE HOME.

These is little enjoyment in the home life unless good health reigns throughout the household. This, it la good to know, is always passible in every home when there is no organic disease present. First and foremost stands portent sanitation. That is an absolutely essential condition. But even this will not prevent the occurence of such common complaints as headaches, biliousness, feverishness, and a host of others which arise, in PI" cases out of ten, from sluggish liver and constipation ; and oonstipation is bound to become chronic if neg- lected ; hence still more serious troubles ensue. It is then of no use to take ordinary purgatives or pills, which only temporary relieve and are too often attended by griping pains, nausea and other unpleasant effects. California Syrup of Figs is what is needed, because it acts as Nature acts, cleansing the system gently and painlessly, and promoting a condition of functional regularity, without which perfect, health is out of the question. California Syrup of Figs is so pleasant to the palate that invalids and young children take it with real pleasure, while for the busy adult its action is found so mild and natural that the ordinary avocations of life are not ia any way interfered with. Best of all, it permanently strengthens the organs, and doctors are unanimous in recommending it for that reason. Hence it is a perfect family medicine, which will ultimately be found in every home. Readers must be Cure to ask for " California Syrup of Figs " in full. Simply asking for "Syrup of Figs" won't do,as there are many substitutes and imitations offered to mislead the public. Every package of California Syrup of Figs bears the name and trade mark of the sole manufacturers, the California Fig Syrup Co., 32 Snow Bill, London, E.G. Of all chemists, la lid and Is 9d new large size.

GENUINE ITALIAN MANDOLINES, by Not Makers at greatly reduced Prices. Enormous STOCK. Also BANJOS. OMAR% VIOLINS, An. Ac. ARCHER AND SONS, 45-49, LORD-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Eatabhand 15,15 I.43lepbcne 5616.

r ' •,, 1. `.i-4 . ..' ' koar...; ~ , 1,:!: ~,..• ' ' - . "

===== 0002601_18980603_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Aip-length weaker ^

poi, The ' 1

sni)

-I've noticed that; that's why he gives me CO 'ern._ What is his motive? " _ _

.or space between each Yeseel. Orowing Ker ald weaker, the fort at 111.4 made no reply. Then the land force enfiladed the stampede ci ddiery, slaves, and civilians from many climes. The native soldiers rallied; but Leon's force, bril. lantly led, outflanked them. Then they fled lila prairie cattle before smoke and flame. Reoccupation and re-strengthening the garrison took up a good deal of time, and gave Boyer, with his scattered forces, a chance to re-form. Though badly beaten, Boyer was not the man to allow so easy a reconquest. He was galled to think how easily he had been tricked, and he was resolute enough to seek a reckless revenge. Like a tame tiger, he had had one lick of warm blood, and it gave him power beyond what he had believed his strength to be. Leon wasted no time. He wanted the business over, and anxiously looked forward to see Castilia. So he pushed pluckily onward. Fortune favours the brave in war, and thus was Leon favoured, driving back the rebel forces and their desperate leader day by day. In each sortie the rebels were dispossessed of some food or cattle they were taking with them in their flight to sustain them in the barren portion of the island. Thus, when they were hemmed in by the moving belt of steel, before which they had been sullenly and reluctantly forced to fly, the rebels found themselves on a long narrow peninsula—a sandy track which the seas in exceptional seasons must have swept—like the letter I, terminating in Capes Cafron and Samana, with Spanish vessels on either side, and without food or means of escape. Leon and his men had an easy task. Three miles of land, the neck of the peninsula, had to be closely watched, so that none could pass. In daytime the place might have been properly posted by two picket parties, for the conformation of the land exposed the peninsula fully to view. Chafing and fretting like wild animals against iron bars, the enemy at length made a frenzied dash to cut through the lines of their foes. Little they knew of the precautionary measures which had been taken to make their escape impossible. At night, when they made their mad effort, the out- posts were quadrupled, and they recoiled time after time, whichever point they tried, until, worked into a frenzy, which lent them all the advantages of ferocity and indifference to their fate, they com- bined for a final savage rush, which must succeed or give them their quietus, far preferable to their present humiliating and hopeless position. Had they broken through the line they had still two evils between which to choose, either to force the passage between the river and an inlet of the sea, or cross the river, at both of which points the Spanish forces were well posted. While leading a brave charge to break up this strong horde, and so allow it to fall in sections on the resisting line, Leon fell, wounded in the side, half senseless, on the marshy, broken ground, amid rank grasses and weeds. When he revived the din of battle was over. Boyer lay dying beside him, and Leon handed him a drink. Boyer, pointing to his horse, said: "Take care of her," and soon after expired. The mare came to her master, sniffed, neighed, and pawed the ground impatiently, and then scam- pered off, leaping over dead and dying as best she could. Leon shuddered at the sight. The rising moon illumined the scene of recent conflict clearly, and then he saw that it was the face of Boyer who lay near. The two leaders had divined each other's presence in the dark, and this was why the conver- sation had been limited to a request and a reply. Leon felt glad that Boyer's horse had stood by the defeated rebel chieftain till he expired, for it helped solnehow to lessen the need for talk. ........-----------------..,-....,......... Leon tried to realise the effect of the effort he had made from the heaps of bodies scattered here LOCALd AGENTS• and there within five hundred yards of where he lay. The peacefulness was painful in the circu-MARERFm ASHTON-IN lELD. - Howes, 53, Gerrard-street. stances, and the stillness of sky and air seemed a CADISHEAD. mockery of the state of things an hour or so Robert Taylor, Green-road. before. EARLESTOWN. A bird flying overhead broke the silence with the William Austin, Legh-street. dull, heavy beating of its wings. Leon's heart beat S.Bethell, Bridge-street. Co-op. Society, Ltd., Bane-street and Wargrave rcad. more freely, he raised himself on his elbow to Ernest Goslin 1 and 3. Earle-street. watch the bird's flight, but to his intense disgust Howe. 49 Msrket-street. observed it suddenly settle on one of the heaps nf 4 . I.'C'N, :.• r j., .e-street. the slain. The bird, . , , , ~, ~, ,9.d women- .r. Littler. 1. Market-street. tarily cheered him, ~ 1.1. Lightfoot, 11 Oxford-street .t,-,z. It -- '',i'l (in it " 1 i'"' I T.lfotvneur, 37 to 41, Market-St re t. harbinger of the early Jay, was a bird cf pr-Y. A. Peaks, Qtteen-street. e Others of the same and ,Itindred ifibess %cert., I:,'' t, .147 ek,'4'... it. I, t ~. • ' 163. Seaside. on the wing, and soon the --clring wouldirte num '''' - E. B 1 Bridge-street. bered with the dead, n t,.-rable I, •timi- ~;' "-,,'''q :.Willierfe Moni 4. Main-street. and bayonet, beak and ( '74POIL'. 9 As he watched there (: , ,ts. :,.. - ..07, High-stret. searchers. The diru gre: . . . h-stseet. ~ , the soft light, separating, : -, . •• ~,,,•„—,. . .1, va, ..-street. • HAYGOGE. again only to re-divide. , ft.. 1-,triagi,.6. r, The Golden Tea Pot, and 337. A feeling of sickness s - c -1, a gh.la ..-,,,, 9 Len tin IAYTOII, party moved further and .& f'. . away from 'sherd . W. ,‘ f.ilt, i-• Derby-road. eOl I.'tfv /X.; ' ,LLO WS. .L ' n:l7

"None whatever, save friendship and regard for our welfare. Why, he has put me into the way of f making money over and over again—clear proof o d.sinterestedness. And above all, he's as honest as the day—a man of perfect honesty and integrity, generous to faults and helpful to the needy." "And has he always been so ? " "Ah, there is just one thing concerning hiro, my dear fellow, about which everyone asks, and which no one can answer." "And he never even refers to it to you? "No, his past history is a sealed book." "To which I believe I hold the key, if only I could recollect where I've seen him,' said Leon, sadly. "But many men here have a past; even I— "Ah, that is different, that is an honest past, and your present life is to keep it true to the traditions of an honoured ancestry." "Well, Vargas may have as creditable a career. "Ile may, but he may not; and it would be wisdom to doubt it."

on lay. He saw them reappear -sre .' Excited:: he observed one of the evalit, ii.to and as they stepped forward more briskly he fell back completely exhausted. Soon after the party reached the Arabian steed, _

"Well, I cannot but look upon him as 9. brother; I woule trust him with my life," said the doctor warmly. "And regret it," said the soldier sullenly. Honest Vargas! How did he come to be known by that cognomen? Why honest? Was it neces- lary, if he was honest, or had he simply induced ~)eople to call him by that strange name? Why— why? It was an everlasting "why with Leon, ut he could not fathom the mystery. Onll Targas himself could read the riddle. Try as he mould, Leon could not remember where he had seen he face of Vargas.

(Io be continued.)

which, wheeling Lund, led the searchers to the object of their search. At first they imagined Leon dead. There was a murmur of revenge, a hurried ,rush, and a shout of joy succeeded a low groan of pain as the surgeon felt the wound. Another cry of gladness escaped unbidden from the lips of many as the surgeon rose, and Leon's body was borne away towards the Spanish tents. The proud-spirited charger walked behind unled, with slow, deliberate steps. The rebel chieftain's horse returned, looked at the receding group, neighed, and, worn out by the fatigue of the past few days, lay down beside its dead master.

name

A rosy flush of light filled the sky and bathed the earth with a rich glow of warm colour. There were marked signs of activity in the Spanish camp, for scarlet and blue coated soldiery flitted about. But there was no noise, and no confusion. A solitary sentinel stood before the commanding officer's tent, where the Spanish colours floated in the air. At last he raised his right hand in salute, and two officers appeared. It all seemed very mechanical from a distance. The figures were those of the senior officer and the surgeon. They went into the tent, and found that Leon was able to sit up with assistance. "Many wounded ? " he asked. "Sixty," said the surgeon. "And killed? " "A hundred; perhaps more." "Poor fellows. Where is Boyer's horse?* "We returned and brought his body in, after wit had attended to you, and the horse followed. It is tethered in the open." "Stall it next my own. Did the enemy break our line? " he eagerly asked. "No, your charge, Colonel, prevented it being broken," said the Major proudly. "Did it? I'm glad. It's just as well this busi- ness is over. It is a rather poor affair at best against such a tattered host." In a few days Leon was riding up and down the lines again; those who had escaped submitted on finding themselves leaderless, and readily gave up their arms when they learnt that Boyer was dead. They had feared Boyer? Soon the island relapsed into a state of quietude. Then Leon took ship to Havana, where he was heartily welcomed by the Cardonnas, who were on the point of returning to Spain for a while, with a view to arranging for their final return, and occupying their former home and position. Leon, too, was to receive high honours for his bravery and swift success, on his return, at the hands of a grateful country. Indeed both in Cuba and in Spain he was now known as "the hero of the Antilles." Havana is a pleasant place, but Leon's stay was marred somewhat by frequently meeting a man named Vargas, whose face, though not unfamiliar, was one for which he contracted a peculiarly strong dislike. Worst of all, the Cardonnas held Vargas in the highest respect and esteem. "I dislike that man," said Leon one day, as Vargas was departing. "And so do I," added Castilla warmly. "Oh, he's simply charming," exclaimed Coria. "And a thorough gentleman," said the mother. "Besides, he's as honest as the day, Leon ; you will learn to like him," added the doctor.

I.,Wirolll P.- • Co.. Ashton-in-Makerfleld. A?&UFA, J'et. Central Stores. Golborne. 7raverr, A, High-street, Golborne. PRBSC(...I. S. IL Arbt , 36, Beeleston-atreet. Lacui, 12. Beeleston-street. T. Tomesdale, 63, Recleston-street. RUNCORN.

"You are warm friends-;" said Leon. "And a friend's eyes to the faults of his friends sre a little blind." "Sometimes." "Well, come now, what do you dislike about Vargas, if we must discuss him " "His fawning style," said Castilia. Leon did not reply. He knitted his forehead as if trying to concentrate his thought, or to spur a lagging memory. "I hope you are n‘Jt jealous, Leon, my boy," *aid the doctor, playfully. "His face is familiar; I wonder where I've met him. I cannot tell you exactly why, but I should , never trust him." -

"But he has proved a sterling friend so far. His appearance is always the signal for jest and iollitv."

j. G. Weston, The Pharmacy. ST. HELENS. Atherston Drug Company, Limited, 10, High-street. Bxors. of J. Appleton, 47, Gm poration-straet. R. Aspinall, 24, Bridge-street. M. Bohan, 72, Bridge-street. W. Bromilow. Chaloner and Co., 58, Liverpool-road, J. Cotton, 76. Duke-street. J. Evans, Liverpool-road. Evans, Prodg r, and Co., 135, Westleld-street. Fairclough and Greenwood. Raven-street. J. Green and Son, 8, Bridge-street. G. Gauge, Glebel rrace, Haydock. G. Hewitt, Hanover-street. J. W. Jackson 34, Westfield-street ;, 107, Higher street; and 71, Duke-street. T. Leedharn, 4, Naylar-street and 82, Church-street. W. H Laughlin, Peliztowe and York-roads, and street. H. Lowndes, 16, Church-street. J. W. Love, 175, Duke-street. Thomas Leedham. Pegrams (Limited). 12, Eastbank-street, 3. G. Parkinson. 54, Westfield-street ;101, Duke-street 63, Liverpool-road ; and 100, i.iverpool-road. Peckers Hill-road, Peter-street, Peasley-cross, and Lowe-street.

C. Richardson, Post-office. Ralnford, G. Stringfellow, 1. College-streA. St. Helens Industrial Co-operative Society ( Baldwin-street, Higher P.rr-street, Voss and Dltchfleld, 92, Church-s rent. W. Williams, 36, Liverpool road. J. C. Walibridge. 52. Liverpool-road. T. H. Yachlan, 135, Duke-street. WARRINGTON. Matthew Bowden and Soma. 99. Sankey-street. Boots Drug Company (Limited) 35, Bridge-street. Boots, Cash Chemist, Market Gate. Carter and Son 18 and 24, Bridge-street. S. G. Davey, Borough Stores Butterrnarket-street. William W. Byre. 107, Manchester-road. Hugh Fairhurst and Co.. 24, Horsernarket-street. J. Gandy, 23, Church-street. G. Gerrard, 27. Gre,n-street, and 91, Irlam-street. 3. Bellwood, Wilder/pool Steam Bakery. W. Bede Houghton. Sankey-street. W. Isaac, 26, Buttermarket-street. Ray and Cowdell, 168, Battersby-lane. Peter Leigh, 7, Horsemarket-street. William Monks. 132, Bridge-street and 61. Sankey-at. Henry Milling and Co., 6, Horsemarket-street, W. Owen, 15, Sankey-strest, N. B. Percival and Co., 10, Buttermarket-street. Povey and Duckworth, 22, Buttermarketatreet. Thomas Quincey, 8, Church-street. Edwin Richardson and Son 39, Bridge-street. Wastrel, and Co., Old London Road, Stockton HMO' 3. Whlston, Heath-lane, Croft. J. Rymer Young, F.C.S., 40, Sankey-street. WIDNES. Flynn and Snoddon, Ann. street. W. Gardener, Rothsay House, Albert-road. W. Hodgkinson, TS, Victoria-road. Lewis and Ce. Passey Bros., 2 Mersey-road, and 101 Widnes-road. Pegrams, 68, Victoria-road. Runcorn Co-operative Society, Ditton-road, road; and Albert-road, Appleton. and Ditton. P. Robinson. 59. Mersey-road, Albert-road. W. Southwood, 16, Albert-road. Yates Bros. 81,Widnes Road and Derby Road,Farn, Medical men and the public are offering cooclusi` testimony upon the value of Dr. Tibbles' Vi• Cocoa, to show their confidence in the new preparation proprietors make the unparalleled offer of a free test merit, a dainty sample tin being sent gratis and P.lOO free to any address on mentioning the Warring`oo. Examiner." This offer is made because it sells Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, the new preparation referred to feet the sales are increasing to such an extent that Pcje. (Monal manufacturing facilities have bad to be Iva to Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa 6d. ; 9.1 and le 61. Can 0C obtained from all Grocers, Chemists, and Store', from Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, Limited, 60, 61 and Bunhill Row, London, E.C.

NI!

1

:u.n• Icasttire ati at Doll ts, losviog narol ‘ddeu in'

,Churoirr' - ' • ,00 HaydoeY, ;Limibed).• Lug:more-IVO' • ' Merger DO' tOr 6 0" Pe46 -tot/

===== 0002601_18980603_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
VI-COCOA LEADS THE WAY.

It is found in the Homes of dreds of Thousands of the p who cannot be induced to go • out it.

lop 1(

wi

3Pu.lolla IVcrtla e.

Owing to the kindly recommendations of Linl people who have used Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, it cal be obtained from all respectable Grocers, Chemist Stores in Warrington and district, and the to! have given permission for the insertion of their and addresses as Local Agents. The list will be to from time to time, as oocasion demands, for formation of those who write asking for the the nearest Agent.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980603_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
............,

me con'

r;ard for way of proof of s honed itegrity, IP

===== 0002601_18980603_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
• g hinl; iks, Ana

f only I I Leon,

I—,, past, to the

areer.' ould be

1 as $ ;aid the

known neceg- induced Why-- Leon,

Onll y as he ad seen

===== 0002601_18980603_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
k

eopt with.

' tineti 'lB 1.• ncashite lan no 0; sr, aU 010 nteied

===== 0002601_18980603_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ireati'•

Merestn. Worth' 110:4; at; Sof este°l6

nd 7-0 ingt° rr pt. Bella ,0 d to that no, )e so re Can or toreow, Mid

ctr-bed ote."-isr co 3ost '4l. • rllO4 go-e! >airs. pi d it. itper e tro frerAfroce tee 4,, 10 rO 'es 00.

lurch' roet. er rot" reet. . 6,00/- 3-street isydoeY4 Arnifieo ore-lap. et. ' eet. r ey-st.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
XIA.GAZINE CLIPPINGS.

40W TO ENLARGE: PHOTOGRAPHS WITHOUT

APPARATUS.

The stripping may be done with " Cresco -ma," to be had of all dealers. Hydrofluoric acid preferable, and a solution formed of one part hydrochloric acid to seven parts water may be llieed before or soon after the negative dries. Hydro- acid is used one part in thirty, and previous so dilution must be kept in a rubber flask. Place t Thil? negative to soak in this, and after a few C'entes just touch the edge of the film with the all of the finger, when it will begin to frill badly, Sad with a little coaxing it will boon roll ba Ic kloothly off the glass. When right off,remeve the 21sse, pour off the solution very gently, fill up with ?ter, and allow to soak. Now gently touch the 'in with the tips of the fingers till it comasences to turn over the right way up to avoid a reversed ItrileY,s• The dish must be rattier more than twice 81ze of the original negative. After (say) half Itii" flour's soaking the glass may be carefully intro- heed into the water under the film, which is care- -93' slid on to Its surface under the water. It is tieri brought gently out in contact with the glass, etit without air bubbles. Fill the dish with water nseesristlY• Hard negati see are the beat to treat thus; -eSss ones require intestifying afterwards with l'etrate of uranium 10 gr., potassium ferricyanitle Rre and water 1 oz Immerse in this till contrast ,eBssofficient, and then rinse and dry. Enlarging in erainary room is done by blocking up the win- "lv and projecting through the camera.—Fsom 1.6.0W0rk." 'l7-HANDED COMPLIMENTS TO MASTERS Soft sawder "is not a commodity which finds °inch favour with schoolboys (says a writer in :Churns), Tney see suspicious of anything which "`"eours of blarney, and rarely go out of their way Ake flattering speeches to anyone. No doubt is as well, for when the average boy attempts Se grease he almost invariably makes a muddle Le operation. The majority of masters are ico- ma to calolery,but hereand there one is to be who will swallow any amount of praise with- 6aking the trouble to inquire too closely into linearity. Such a man was the teacher of hin- ges in a northern school, and one of the beys, It te observe his failing,resolved to try the offset little flattery upon him. Selecting a time when ras alone with the master, he assumed an ex • ion of guileless adulation, and said, "If you se, sir, Ido think you're clever at Greek." The her beamed. "Do you, indeed, my boy ?" he londed. 0 Well, I'm glad to have your candid Lion:, so far the boy had undoubtedly gained Point, and had he only been content to let well ie, might eventually have profited by hie :uousness ; but he decided to follow his advantage by another compliment of course, spoilt everything. " Indeed, he stammered, "we all think so. Why, Greek you put on the board last night was so ding that the boys thought it was all ibra ied Then the mortified teacher smote him mightily on the cheek, ordered him to do five hunured lines as a pun. ne,nt ,e e, -for his unpardonable impudence. "I can't Rtn es - '3' he got so eavage,"remarked the school- afterwards. "I know I'd be proud to write e,.k that no one else could decipher!' The head Leer of a large day school dabbles in chemistry, nee knowledge of the subject is so vague that rly Ibis experiments prove unsuccessful. Stile irosly believes that he is a scientist in embryo, Spends Meolley freely in fitting up his labera- most approved chemical apparatus. eoe boys used to take turns at peeping through the slYhole when he was experimenting, and so many efresuPs occurred that they enthusiastically de- vered:ie to be better than a conjuring entertainment l,nally they agreed that it would be a fine thing to na the master to allow them to have a nearer view n his scientific trials, and the smoothest-tongued rY in the school was deputed to broach the sub- tect• "Excuse me, air," he began, " but may we (I'e:to into your laboratory this afternoon ?" "That testicle," answered the master, secretly flattered uat the boys should make such a request. You In_c. sot tell me first why you wish to watch me:" The spobooelbey bad not expected this query,and, his self- trutees.eio„nwdeserting him, he blurted out the fatal roass uteteornedltyo. sir," he st tau _bottles go wan* to see you blow things up, "It's great fun when the big smash." After this the master's ‘l,,e,tell, and the boys are still wondering why be tun t invite them to the laboratory, A PATRIOT'S RESTING PLACE. „It is related that after being wounded on C1ia1.721"8 .721"8 Field, Hampden, with bent head, his hands Sting on his horse's neck, would have made for Yrtcm, the home of his first wife. But Ru,pert's esve,/ ter rY occupied the intervening country, and he keno(' towards Theme. There his wounds were ee?sed, and the surgeon gave some hopes of his re- He himself knew otherwise. and during ew remaining days of life devoted his energies eeegeeriatehing letters of counsel to the Parliament, eeetotigh his sufferings were very great. A few OP before his death he received the Sacrament ; ett attended by his old friend, Dr. Giles, rector of baltolor, and by Spurstow, the chaplain of his regi- lkt'llt. be died in the act of prayer. A few days sv.er his body was carried to Great Hampden, and a:s buried in the church where so many of his prestors had been laid.—From "Abbeys and WHEN MEN FLY. eett'ehitecturally all this weuld have the curious 0.4,1 t of making the roofs of our houses and public W' (1134141 gs much more important and more fre- to..ellted parts of the structure than they are at 4„:sont. Fitted with properly arranged platforms entrancee,they would be quite a new feature in thil!towns, constituting, as they necessarily would, 'usual point of starting and alighting from an ott:eri_al.jolliney. Flat roofs, with parapets and an ziesrtaueeriuournthalerroof-garden would be as common under a sky as they are at present in many regularCltiss And then the stations for the quite new '3 of air ships would be something be carried in a great city. I imagine they would borne alo well up over the roofs, tall structnree ineei on iron trestles, with lifts to coin- cate with the streets below. It is dreary tirt;l..r Kr sometime@ waiting for the last train in an un- ound station. But 1 am not sure that it would the' ?e preferable to waiting for the late air ship at °P Of tome Eiffel tower-like station on a cold }lite rainy night. The cross Channel traveller would boll Cause for rejoicing. Could he but fly from earyse cliffs to Cape Gris Nez, farewell to all the fee rsZre which the" middle passage" has in store tteu.up average tourist. Sea sickness would be a to,L4!tion of the vanished past. And, talking of le;r8to, what new delights would await the travel- tlo 4, Mountaineering would give place to " moun- lrie "Ylng." As our friend the London sparrow eeeeges hie way up to the cornice of St. Paurs, thess there, and then in a second flight reaches tee Rolden gallery of the dome, so would 110: tourist flutter up to the shoulder of the Matter- himtls rest there for a few minutes, and then wing IN Way to the top of the rocky pyramid, Iva take a neighbouring summit on his torlisiliown to Zermatt. And how exploration thio simplified, and all the blank spaces on ace, reale of the world rapidly filled in. No need thse c't plodding across desert sands, struggling eilei,eßh tropical forests, splashing through the the Arllto Paddle of equatorial marshlands. Andros, oiciTtring searcher for the Pole,who is perhaps now lee eng hie own in some fastness of the northern tle"„r who, it may be has long since perished on lieerrtbern track that has cost so many other ee rZekndree is the first who has actually tried to 'f bast;lPPer air as the path of the explorer. But okee "‘l of a baloon, which was largely at the r eir of „eat „every current of air, he had possessed a .7,o,eiehe air) or flying machine his bold enterprise 1111 "ye been a comparatively simple matter. e ow a flying machine would have simplified !t-stir oile e or Franklin in the north or for Living- 'Ave in Central Africa. Imagine how it would the r enabled plucky Mr. Savage Landor to defy all the4'estoae of Tibet and see Lhassa despite them,and ce.e...t.:Lreli will have some idea of the possibilities

to 914

erviol clllad

Ita 8i

-7v sole; ot a

p!easb

Plek %sac) teath

!Ilse,

°Plni )38

alo-,;,

II?,: tile

Greek

P3izz

lge

tiiiu,

4nd iehn in:tai boy Orel raatil but 1

4eary

find tory

Bracing! Refreshing! ~: , 4 Invigorating! ADD A LITTLE . '. Condy's Fluid ~ ,-.- TO YOUR BATH. •• The effect is magical. Beware of Substitutes. :•Insist on Buying "CONDY'S FLUID."

I

4f• ,r -

===== 0002601_18980603_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
which the new era will open to the explorer.— _From "Cassell's Magazine."

AS T 3 TEIE urAcE CAP.

_ . . . L is tl little disconcerting to learn tile, there are two h iies of men in whoso lionotir a ill ig as- same-4 the " black cap "—men under centimes at death and the Lord Mayors of London. When the Lord ,Nfayor attends the Koval Courts in Stdo c to b! " sworn in," it is part of the etiquette of tints im- portant occasion that the judges should wear the " black caps.' The " black cap' is invested in the mind of the layman with as much mystery as horror ; and even among lawyers there are few who know its history and uses. Itis in origin part of the equipment of the old order of " Serjeants-at- law," and consists of a piece of ordinary black cloth which was intended to be placed on the wig and thus to conceal the" coif" on solemn occasions. It was a point of pride with the order of serjeant, that the coif was worn in the most august presence— even before Royalty ; but in the presence of Death it was thought proper to veil it in black as a symbol of sorrow. The black cap is always carried by a judge on circuit, when attending church in state, or when engaged in hearing criminal cases. It has, however, lost it old appropriateness, and there is now no judge on the English bench who is entitle! to wear it as a serpent at law.—lrrcra " Cassell' Saturday Journal .

LADY READERS THIS PAPER.

are entitled to a gratis copy of a bright, inte- resting booklet On a Successful Home Dyeing," together with samples of forty- five cloths dyed with

liamond Dyes.

o coupon to cut - out; simply send a post-card mentioning this journal. Full instructions are given for imparting beautiful, n, fast and unalterable colours to everything, from dresses to basket work, and for making faded garments as good as new. Address, DirESs3l & 111 Snow Hill. Londo E.O.

I)EA.TH Ju'vtli

Lord Playfair, Chiof Inspector General of Hos- whWi which regret occurred top rnehnaLopulsa zin asc ept the death Lsdyeeonar;tl better knownwas the son egl,ruggeaPl,laaYnfl'iwr.as born a' Meerut, in the same pofitMalsr.iUn preeidmcy, on the 21st of May, 1819. Ills grandfather, the Rev. James Playfair, D.D , was Principal of the University of St. Andrews. At an early age he was sent to St. Andrews tor his education, but appareatly not to hpayi:fvfaLiro.rd Playfair. the University, since at fifteen he began the study of cheinistry under Professor Thomas Graham at the Ander- sonian College at Glasgow. In 1837 he paid a short visit to India, partly for the benefit cot lois health, and oa his return resumed his studies under Professor Graham. who in the meantime had accepted an appoint- ment in connection with the University of London. In 1838 he went to -iessrsto to attend the lectures of Liebig„ whose scientific fame was then beginning, and on his return he undertook the management of the calico printworks of Messrs. Thompson at CIO heroe. In 1843 he was appointed Professor of Chemistry at the Man- chester Royal Institution, the original acheme of which, not then abandoned, included the systematic delivery of lectures on matters of art and science. In the follow- ing year he was placed on the Commission appointed by the Government of Sir Robert Peel to inquire into the sanitary condition of our large towns, acid when this task was finished lie accepted the post of chemist to the Museum of Practical Geology. The preparations made for the Great Exhibition ef 1851 afforded him further opportunities for the exercise of his administrative abil• , ity. fib was a nt into the manufacturing districts to ' secure the co-operation of manuf aeurers and others; he took a leading part in the classification of products, and . the appointment of juries was left largely in his hands. At the close of the Evhibition he WAS made a Cornnanion of the Bath and received an appointment in the house. bald of the Prince C msort. It seems rather odd that he shotud have accepted an appointment which could be go , deseribed,but the work Was probably in his own line. His previous work on the Sanitary Commission had brought him to the notice of the Prince, who was engaged in a sanitary ccheme of his own. The Prince believed he had devised a practicable plan for the pileifiCatiOn and utilisation of sewage, " which," says Sir Theodore Mar- tin, " he subsequently perfected with the asdstanee of Mr. Lyon `Playfair and applied with 50cce49 on the Osborne estate." Probably this explains the character of the appointment. In connection with the Exhibition of 1882 he was again entrusted with the selection of the jurors, who to the number of six hun lead, comprised men of the highest eminence in every part of Dirope. At the French Exhibition of 1878 the Prince of Wales, as Presid ,nt of the English Commission, appointed him chairman of the Finance Committee, which had charge of the general arrangemsnts. On the Establishment of the /Emsington Department of Science and Art be was nominated-joint secretary with the late Sir Henry Cole. Such a pertnership,where both were alike friger for work and distinction, could hardly be exoctel to last long. After a time Mr. Cole " assumed the secretaryship, and Mr. Playfair became Inspector Gmeral of th Government museums and schools of science. In 1858 he left this position for the Chair of Chemistry in the University of Edinburgh. From this time Dr. Lyon Playfair was almost inces santiv engaged On Departmental intioiries incituted by the Government. The suit ibility of British coal for na- val rl pzriprogsaensi,etahtei,ceatetf the Civil Service were among the plague, the Scottish fiseerips, and subjects to which he had to apply his scientific know- ledge and his administrative experience. He was gra- dually drawing nearer the sphere of politics, though hardly as a politician. Admini,tr Jive work, pr9hiblv in a higher position,was the principal object in view. At the Same Um. ,s 0 far as he was a politician, his convic- tions placed him in the ranks of this Libsral party. A. Phi, general eiee,ror, or 1888 he was returned an mernhat for the Universities of Edinburgh and Aberdeen, hil!. academical connections probably contributing to his suc- ceee. In 1873 he was appointed flatrna.ter General,and he held the office till the fall of Mr. Gladstone adminis- tration. At the general election of 1880 he was again returned by the Universities and became Chairman of Ways and Means and Deputy speaker nf the Hones ef nnmoon, He resigned these offia.ea at the beginning of the session of 1.883. and was made a Knight Commander of the Bath. At the election of 1885, piny feeling malting it impro- bable that he would ho affe tO retain his old seat, he offered himself for South Leerni, and was returned both then,in 1888, and again in 1892. During Mr. Gladenneti short Administration of 1886 he held the pea' of Vice. President of the Council on Education. In 1889 he was nominated by the Prince of Wales as a member of the Council of the Duchy of Cornwall, and in 1892, on the return of the Liberals to office, he was appointed a Lord in-Waiting to the Queen. His career has bean almost unexampled for the number and variety of the offices which he has been called upon to fill. His devotion to one single branch of science served him well as a start- ing point; the Government and the co intry had sud- denly become alive to the importance of sanitary reform and chemistry was found to be an indispensable ally, His practical tact and remarkable adaptability, com- bined with personal qualities which must have made him considerate and Amiable, did the rest. He was at the command of the Government whenever a scientific Idcmonstration would help thorn nut of a diffisulty, and there can be no doubt that from first to last his services have been eminently useful to the nation. The deceaaerl lord was Chairman of this Board of Directors of Parr's Bank, Limited, and when his health Permitted he presided at the half yearly meetings of shareholders, which are held alternately at London and Warrington. It is about three years sines he was at , Warrington. His speeches were invariably of a 111103 t Interesting character.

of # 4. v,i, 7--;,------ VI ill' a'4,*--_-----,-- ' ' i, ';':-.1,---"-_--'-',W-..1-, --- •... -;,3-„,-._ ,--------_-_--------=---- --'.----7--", --,-- -____------,:-----_-___.----. - ----„,--,,,,,,.. ...f.,.__-=T-----,„-_-_-___.. - ~., ...,.,-,--,.,..--_-_.......-,. .....,..„-„,„ - N

===== 0002601_18980603_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD.

Reverend Joseph -Elol—me-W-Improved M9XiCqll Pre. scription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffo.r from nervous weak ness, exhausted vitality, kidney or bladder diseases gravel prostate, spinal weakness, brain fag and kindred complaints—discovered in Mexico. It has stood the test for twenty-two years. Thousands cured. Send a self- Adressed stamped envelope to Josupa HOLMES' REMEDY' do, Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Square,London, and get particulars of this great Specifle free. Mention whether for male or female. Genuine sufferers need only I apply. Beware of swindling imitators and ignorant nuacks.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
VALUABLE DIBOOVERY FOR THE your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN Hint iIENEWER, for it will positively restore. in every ease, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the bajr charmingly beautiful, as well as l'promotinatte growth, ?nee 3s. 6d. per bottle.—Advt,

===== 0002601_18980603_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAIVIINER, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1898. FUNERA L OF MR. LOCAL REFERENCES. G L NDSTONE.

WYCLIFFE CHURCIL-REFERENCE BY THE REV. JOHN YONGE.

An impressiv memorial service for the Right lion. Williatn Ewart Gladstone was conducted in Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday evening. There was a large congregation. Mr. Gladstone's favourite hymns were sung, and the musical por- tion of the service had also special foatures. Tenny- son's "Crossing the Bar" was sung as a quartette, the vocalists being Mr. and Mrs. R. U. Pearson, Miss F. Booth, and Mr. W. 11. Wallington. A me- morial hymn had also been written specially for the occasion by Mr. Alfred Corney, of Warringron. It consisted of five verses, one of which was as fol ' lows

" O'Word of warfare ended, Dear Word of sweet release Earth's battle-chorus, blended With Heaven's eternal Peace I 0 soldier true and faithful. Look upward from the sod, Thy Captain calls thee to His Halls In the Paradise of God."

Two of the verses were sung as solos by Mrs. Pear- son and Mr. W. H. Wallington. An anthem "Happy and blest are they" was sung by the choir under the conductorship of Mr. George Wallington. Mr. W. 11. Payton presided at the organ with his accus- tomed ability,and at the close ot the service played the Dead March in "Saul," the congregation stand- ing the while. The Rev. Joan Yonne was the preacher, and he chose for his text " Mark the perfect man,and behold the up- right : for the end of that man is peace." Psalat xxxvii. 37 v. Be said without ascribing to the great Christian man whose death " the whole world laments "a peace- tion that he would have been the first to disclaim, he thought that those words combined the essential facts concerning him. They knew what was the general scriptural idea conveyed in the term " perfect " as ap- plied to a man. It was not meant to denote absolute perfection. Rather should it be interpreted in that sense wherein Job was speken of as a " perfect and up- right misname that feareth God and escheweth evil." It ' was the phrase, certainly, by which any man might be described who was honestly and humbly walking in the ways of the Lord,for that was the direct road to perfec- tion. It defined any man who was steadfastly on the side of righteousness ; who was completely loyal to con- science.who sought to live in the realisation of God: a man who bad "the strength of ten because his heart is pure !" That was the perfection contemplated by the text. lii a degree rarely if ever surpassed (at least in a man living in the foremost rank of public life) that perfection had been realised and displayed by Wm.E wart Gladstone. Looking at his life,and looking at his death they might fitly say, "Mark the perfect man and be. hold the upright, for the end of that man is peace." Never before, at any rate in this generation had the death of a man of even great and deserved distinction, created such universal sorrow or hia life and character attracted such unstinted homage as in the case pre- sented that day. They had had before them the unique and impressive fact that not only this entire nation but also the great Anglo-Saxon kindred on all sides of the world, and every other national- ity also had been universally moved by a pathetic solicitude concerning the physical condition of one man, and he not a prince or even a peer, but a man of the people. Men had been called to see "how a Christian can die." As they had watched and waited for and witnessed his death, they had recoiled, and effectively realised, the underlying principle and char- acter of the life, and they had unanimously agreed that alike in life and death, William Ewart Gladstone had been true, pure, noble, heroic and Christian. The whole world was acknowledging that in him it had possessed and in its death had lost its greatest citizen. The scenes at Hawarden—along the whole route to Lendoe, in the metropolis itself, both in Westminster Hall, and the venerable and sacred abbey presented a testimony to real human greatness and worth that history would proudly record, and posterity would study with ceaseless wonder and veneration. They had been looking upon a great, unmitigated and unstinted veneration, homage—. even with some an affectionate esteem—manifested towards Mr. Gladstone even by political opponents ; by men who, in the years of conflict both in Parliament and in the country strove and fought against his political aims with, in cases not a few, both unmeatured speech and unscrupulous opposition. Ho had been charged many times with being unpatriotic, revolutionary, un- trustworthy, insincere,and untruthful. He had been held up both in State and Church, as recreant to every high " principle and unfaithful to every selenin trust. Storms of hostility had raged around him, both out of Parlia- ment and in it, both on platform and in the press, and even the pulpit. But what was it that we heard now from the men who were so hotly arrayed against him then ? Nothing but a unanimous tribute of respect, veneration, affection. The rev. gentleman proceeded to speak of the references made by Lord Salisbury, ear. Balfour, and the " Church Times." Mr. Gtadstone,s unique personality had been supreme in every direction. The versatility of his genius, the vastness of his know- ledge, the breadth of his sympathies, his care for all sorts and conditions of men, his interest in all matters religious, ecclesiastical, theological, social, cemmercial, had caused him to touch the national life at all noints. Men of all creeds and classes had been made sensible of his friendly and intelligent regard. He had won the hearts of men, as well as constrained their intellectual homage. Nor was it only in our kingdom that Mr. Gla- dstone was thee accorded such marvellous supremacy. From nearly every throne,and from every country in the world had come cordial testimonies in his honour. What was the explanation of all this P What was the secret of Mr. Gladstone's world-wide fame, and power, and info- ence,and esteemeHoot had he come to be such a very king of nvn, swaying the intellect, compelling the conscience, capturing the heart? Unquestionably be was possessod of many great natural qualities. His intellectual powers elevated him to conspicuous eminence in scholarship, in literature, in oratory. He had by nature, and increased by faithful use, a marvellous power of concentration, so that he could bend his mind to any pursuit undisturbed by the distractions which were around him, and he could transfer his attention from even exciting pursuits or conflicts to quiet meditation and thought, in a way which, to most, was simply impossible. He never wasted an hour. Be could devote the period of waiting for a division in the House to translating Rock of Ages „ into Latin. He had neither time nor taste for idling under the common and specious pretence of resting. Rest with him meant change of work. And who should say that he was not in the truer path even in that matter? His mind seemed to be a completely I stored reportory of universal isformetion t was ever ready to his hand. He could readily turn his thought to classics, or philosophy ; to mathematics or theology ; to poetry or ecclesiastical lore. He could discuss with politicians or with servants, with financiers or with agri- culturists with tradesmen or with little children, with ; the same readiness of knowledge and depth of interest and sympathy. He was the life of the social circle, the most marvellous and inspiring talker that men ever heard, and yet the humblest and kindest and most sympathetic of men. All this CAMS largely of his na- tural qualities,and of his havin i".en them dun devel- oprnent,training and exercise. BM they did not convey the secret of his unparalielled Plwer.and his marvellous influence upon the nation and the world. He had also many beautiful moral qualities which undoebtedly helped to give him unusual influence with men. among these was his unfailing magnanimity. There was also in him a wonderful patience and humility towards per- sons with whom he came in contact-and whom many a man in his rank would have nistnisee4 with curt- ness and a frown. But the real secret of his power lay infinitely deeper. It was because he ever had from childhood in Liverpool, boyhood at Eton, youth at Oxford,and right onward through all his marvellous career an overmastering sense and realise tion of God—that be was so great,so superlatively good.- The constant cry nowadays was that the strain of toil and stress of care Prevented the cherishing of religious faith. Men of business the preacher said seemed to lose Godly desire when business and wealth inereased. It was so with too many. . Gladstone's religious life in the midst of the most busy devotion to public and political affairs contradicted the idea that religion could not have supreme and esntrolling place in the life of a busy and even a public man. • Mr Gladstone had left the testimony that he found his sabilaths invaluable and never more so than when in high office as minister of State. He guarded the sabbath hours AO far as ever it could be done against the intrusion of affairs. They knew to how diligent a student he was of the Bible ; how he built his faith upon impregnable it,tow he reiled on it as the " rock," and they knew also how firmly and clearly he believed in Jesus Christ as the Incarnate son of the Eternal God. What else than his fervent and profound religion cons' have made Mr. Gladstone the man he was Where else could he have derived that massive moral strengh that fervGur of soul, th;t heroic intrepid courage, that enthu- siasm of humanity, that absolute devotion to truth and ri elite usness, that ardent unselfish patriotism he displayed through the whole of his career ? Giadstone drew hie magnificent strength I will, of soul, of character, from hie contact with Christ. The preacher went on to say that it was Christ who inspired Mr. dladatone with his love of hurnanl•y. The inspiration of his Italian, Bulgarian, and Armenian enthusiasm,and of his schemes for the betterment of hie own countrymen came not from any political Opp ortun- hun,not from any desire to create ferns for himself or even to secure victory for his party, it came from his Lord and Saviour. It wee the strength of a divine faith which created his sympathies. Mr. Gladstone had taught the great lesson to the world that politics were only sound as they were based upon truth, justice, and liberty. Gladstone endeavoured always to reconcile politics with religion. Many times had he 'prevailed

Cannuni's -Coops is absolutely pure, and is therefore the best Cocoalt is a refreshing.stimulating drink, and a nutriti- ous food, containing no toreigh substances, such as kola, malt, hops, ece. The facts cannot Ise t,o strongly impressed that Cocoa must be unadulterated to ensure its fullmt beneficial effects. Always insist on haying CI.DBURY'S—soId only in Packets and This—as other Cocoas are ;often sub- stituted for the sake of extra prolit.—Aosl. (3).

upon England to do Nome great act of justice simply be- cause it was just. Some might qiiestien whether Mr. Gladstone favolirably impressed other countries. Rut the tributes that had poured in from all naeione tetiCy- inc and homage for him, conclu- sively proved it. Politics, the preacher point' out, to be sound should be based iipen religion. What was wrong for an individual could mover be right for a nation. They would miss po3si- bly the greatest lesson of Glad,tone if they forebore to contemplate his wonderful and beauti- ful death. The preacher drew a picture of Mr. Glad- stone's wedded life which he dEscribed as full of placid home joy with children and grandchildren clustering around him, with occasional visits from the titled and ttio royal. Mr. Gladstane,he said,never lost his place in the natien's thought. The nation held its breath when the first rumour started that the old man was stricken Pith a painful malady which was the beginning of the end. His closing days were charmed and his spirit soothed by favourite hymn and prayer. When they offered him up to him the prayer of comfort and com- mendation he sealed their prayer and sealed his lips and life on earth with a whispered "Amen." On Saturday, the preacher continued, Prince, Peer and people bore him to his tomb in the noblest place of British sepulchre. There his noble countenance and kingly frame were buried out of sight. His influence,his faith,his principles, his example, yet remained, and were quick and power- ful. He joined with the many before him who in this island snry, had declared " the path of duty is the way to glory." But, said the preacher' if possible he spoke with fullest force to the youngernsen,she wing them the glory of true manliness, the nobility of real godliness, bidding them pervade their life, and help to rule !their country, and uplift their state of true religion. He reminded them that he found it possible to begin life in the fear of God ; possible to refrain his youthful feet from the path of sinful pleasure ; possible to maintain religious faith and feeling in an indifferent and sceptical age, and a world hostile to religion ; pcbsible to keep in his latest days a conscience void of offence towards God and towards man ; possible to follow the light and to battle for the right l,aa the end. What was thus possible for him by divine grace, in his exalted station, and amid his peeuliar difficulties, should not be impas- sible for men in the quieter walk of life. Let that great preacher of righteousness prevail I Who among them would that night be baptised for the dead? Which of them taking lesson from that great man would conse- crate himself unto the Lord ?It was the consecrated life which was the usOful life, and the blessed life, that led tea charmed and peacefnl death and glory everlasting. The end of that life was pe REFERENCE BY ALDERMAN ROBERTS.

Alderman Roberts presided at the meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society on Sunday afternoon. He said he had been asked to say a few words with reference to the great man who had just passed away. It was im- possible for him, owing to the fact that he had only lye or six minutes in which to speak, to do justice to his own thoughts and conceptions of Mr. Gladstone's life and work. And there was another reason as stated by Lord Rosebery, that the death of Mr. Gladstone had been too recent for them to appreciate the enormous space he filled in this country, and they were utterly unable at so recent a date to realise the awful void his death had caused. There was, howev r, one side of his work and character on which he might say a word or two. When they remembered Mr. Gladstone's public life, endowed as he was with physical 'panties of the highest order, and intellectual and mental gifts such as no man of our time had ever been blessed with, one wondered how it was that he came to select the career of a politician as the one in which he could best serve his people and God. There were some people—and some very good people—who thought it was an impossibility for a politician to be a Christian man. Well his (Alder- man Roberts) opinion was that a politician could not be an honest politician unless ho was a religious man. , (Hear, hear). One could elm 'at imagine what a suc- cessful scientist or lawyer Mr Gladstone would have been although he was thankful Mr. Gladstone did not taks up the latter professine. If Mr. Gladstone had become a clergyman he would most probably have been an Arch- bishop of Canterbury long ago. As one who had been associated with politics and political life, he (Alderman Roberts) was glad and proud ot the fact that one of the best men, one of the greatest Christians and the most religious and devout of men was above all an honest (Hear,hear.) He did not say Mr. Gladstone was a party man. There was a wide difference between the two. There were politicians and p but a party man pure and simple was one of:those unfortun- ate individuals who could see nothing but good on one side and bad on another. Mr. Gladstone was not one of those; he was a politician because he believed he could do greater service for the people amongst whom he lived and moved, and could sinearely and honestly worship the God he believed by bringing to bear on the ques- tions of the hour as they affected the life of the masses of the people all the powers be posses3ed,guided bye be- lief in the existence of God and His laws, and trying in every way to bring Christian principles and religious in- fluence to bear upon the politics of this country. What was the result ? In spite of the fact that politics were mixed up with baser passions there was no country so free from influences of that character as our own. The object of his re- marks was to ask all Christian men, all religious men, and good men, to study the life of Gladstone from that particular $ andpoint—remembering that they were placed here for a purpose, not simply to keep themselves inside their own homes and particular home circle—but to remember that they had a duty to perform to others, to their neighbours and tha community at large. Inas- nauch as they had received benefits from the labours of men like Gladstone—a heritage such as no other nation had received before—Se was it all the more their duty that they as citizens, professing to believe in God and His righteousness, should do their duty to make.their civic life and political life pure, to snake it easier to do right than to do wrong, and to make this land a home of freedom, and a home of refuge for the downtrodden. If they only looked at the influ- ence of Mr. Glaistone's life and conduct from this standpoint it would make better citizens of them and in proportion as they became better citizens they would become better Christians. He would like to refer briefly to the kindly expressions by those who had been op- posed to him so strongly. It was a most gratifying thing that Englishmen after all when the hand of death had been laid upon any of them forgot the differences which had existed and remembered only the goodnesses which it was pleasant to dwell upon. One of the most touch- ing tributes that had been paid to the memory of Glad- stone was that paid by Lord Salisbury when he sp-ks of him as a great Christian. N)thing gave him (Alderman Roberts) greater pleasure than to read those words coming from a man like Lord Salis- bury. They all knew the antagonism which had existed between those two men, and he felt hound to say that he believed as thoroughly in the honesty of Lord Salis- bury as a politician as he did of Mr. Gladstone. He be- lieved the motives which prompted Lord Salisbury were quite honest, an i therefore all the more did he respect and admire the testimony which cline from thatsource, and which from Lord Salisbury down to the humblest in the land had been the tribute given of the greatest teacher and politician of this counlry.—ldr. Firth, of Manchester, was the speaker for the afternoon, and in the course of an excellent address passed in review some of the chaegee which had taken place during his lifetime, and the benefits which had been derived by working. pople.—Soloe were effectively sung by Mr. Hassall.— The service was also taken part in by the Rev. John Youge, Mr. Joseph Owen and Mr. Thomas Hawthorn. BOLD STREET WE3LEYA.N CHAPEL.

On Sunday eeeeing the Rev. George Harbottle con- ducted a "memorial service.' on the late Mr. Gladstone There was a good con.eregati9n though the weather was. against it. The service crag impressive. It was com- menced with the singing of the hymn " give me the wings of faith," while later on were rendered with much feeling " For ever with the Lord," ock of Ages, cleft for me," "0, God, our help in ages past," and Leal kindly Light." Appropriate lessons were also chosen, and the preacher took for his text the words—" After he had served his own generation by the will of God he fell on sleep." He remarked that everything had been said about Me Gladstone that could be said ; no man could add any- thing that was fresh. Even linen with great gifts who had stood near Mr. Gladstone throughout the whole of Isis life, and who had every opportunity of measuring him, seeing him, and forming an estimate of his charac- ter, had confessed themselves Inadequate to the task. However it would not be fitting CO allow Mr. Gladstone to pass away without some reference to him. Kr. th, bottle described his visit on Wednesday last to Hawarden , and asked who could estimate the good that had been done during the last fortnight by reading and hearing about Mr. Gladstone. This had been a century of great men ; but censpicuously the greatest one, who etsod out ' head and shoulders above them all, wee the man in I whose honour they were holding the service that even- ing. The preacher went on to say Mr. Gladstone had been the dominant religious influence of the time. He died a loyal sou of the Church of England. At one time it seamed doubtful to his friends if he would remain, and to the Roman Catholics it seemed almost certain he would go over to them. How different would have been our feelings had the hopes the Roman Catholics centred in Gladstone, been realised. Mr. Gladstone had great influence on the ritulastic movement. When N3wman seceded, the Church stag- eared under the weight of the blow. The loss of New-

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all who we daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONTI

- - - - the pleasantest dentifrice .121 the world. Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. /Nils fr SOZODONT. 213. ed.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A NATION'S TRIBUTE TO HER GREATEST ,ON.

SOLENIS SCENE Ar WESTMINSTER ABBEY.

The remains of the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone were interred in Westminster Abbey on Saturday, and received the honours of a state ceremoaial. The City was in mourning—that much was evident after a very cursory survey of the streets. Every building that boasted a staff hoisted a fig at half mast, the whips of cabmen, 'bus drivers, ad the like,sported crape bows,and even the business man, hurrying to his office in the city, added a black tie to his otherwise funereal attire. At eight o'clock all avenues of approach to Parliament-square were closed by strong cordons of police, who diverted vehicle traffic, only allowing carriages bearing members of the two Houses of Parliament and other invited guests to proceed. At the end of Whitehall —Trafalgar-square—the scene at nine o'clock was one of dreary desolation. One is accustomed at this spot to see a crowd of traffic hardly equalled any- where else in London. This morning, however, scarcely a vehicle was to be seen, but instead an ever-increasing crowd surged along the five arteries ' converging on Whitehall, and so on to the route of the procession. In the roadway stood silent con- ' stables keeping a passage free for privileged car- riages, and a long line of hawkers vending all man- ner of memorials. St. Margaret's-street alone was empty; all the rest of the open spacu was requisi- tioned to find standing room.

A VAST CROWD. The roofs, buildings, and balconies of buildings over- looking the square were crowded thick with people, many of them bearing also the inevitable camera and equally inevitable biograph apparatus. For hours some in the crowd had waited, in a few cases watchers standing all the night keeping warm positions of advantage,detertnined at all hazards to pay the last tribute to the deceased statesman. At 10 o'clollir a strong body of Eton College Volunteers,numbering 350 marched up, and were posted along the entrance to the , Abbey as a special guard of honour to one of Eton's greatest sons. Marching four abreaet,flsoked by officers with drawn swords,and wearing a band of crape around the arm of the dark buff uniform, they presented a very smart appearance, and added a touch of colour to the scene. In Westminster Hall itself the weary night watch had been kept up till the small hours of the morning—a vigil disturbed but once, when Miss Helen Gladstone, , Mrs. Harry Drew, and the Rev. Canon Wilberforce entered and knelt for a few minutes at the coffin ot their father and friend. By 930 the barriers had been re- moved, and those destined to take part in the procession had tsegun to arrive. Among the first to enter were the Rev. Stephen Gladstone and the Rev. Harry Drew, Dr. noble, the Bishop of Rochester, Sir Henry Carnpheil- Bannerman, M.P., Lord Edward FitZtTlaUriCe, M.P., Mr. Stuart Worley, M.P ,and Mr. John Burns, M.P. In the Legislative Chamber at the same rime was a full attend- ance of members, including Sir M. White-Ridley, Si' R. Webster. Sir Henry Fowler, Mr T. P. O'Coneer, and Mr. Blake. By ten o'clock Mr. Cnamberlain, Lord George Hamilton, Mr. Ritchie Sir Wm Harcourt, Mr. Morley, and representatives dell sections of the Horse except the Parnellites had arrived, and all wore deep mourning. A few minutes later the Speaker (preceded by the Sergeant-at-Arms, Waring the mace) and the whole body of members

PROCEEDED TO VIE9TINIINSTER ALL. where the first part of the procession was formed. Exactly at 10.37 the mernbsrs of the House of Commons, headed by two of the Pursuivants-of-Arms, tha Rouge Drageo and the Portcullis (known in paivate life as Mr. E retard Green and Mr. Thomas Morgan Joseph Wat- kins), passed out of the great doors opening on Palace. yard. Behind them earns the Speaker, still dressed in full robes of o;Bce, and the gsrgeant-at-Arms with the Mace and members ef the House in rows of four. Slowly they filed out through the yard, across S. Margaret's. street, and so to the seats reserved for them in the Abbey.

—; - The scene here might fittingly be described as a pic- ture framed in black save for the marhle statue of Beaconsfield gazing at the resting-place of his great and nobler rival,and the brown earth heaped upon the edivs of the grave. At the foot of it stood Dean Bradley, his kindly, scholarly eyes bedimmed with tears as he read out the service in a broken voice,and near him, lined on both sides,were gvouped the family of the great men— the Bev, Stephen Gladstone, bareheaded and grave, his lace a smaller edition of the Grand Old Man's, and his children and nephews, the youngest 3f all attired in a little dark Highland costume, and his little fearless blue eyes awed into wonder by the solemnity around him. Alone at the other end of the grave with her hands crossed in an 'attitude of prayer, sat the grandest and most pathstic picture of all. Attired wholly in black Mrs. Glai tone's pale w ornenly face, in its framework of silvery hair, possessed a singular pallor which was the meet eloq am= tint in the whele picture, signifying as it did the sleepless nights of devotion she has given to the dead. Her tears fell fast as Dean Bradley read out the 5,..u1-virrinv words or the Bu-inl Ssrvice.but her sobs ceased as the first handful of earth crumbled upon the coffin. Not a souni could be beard anywhere save For Dears Bradley's sonorous voice as he pronounced the closing words of the Service. Then Mrs. Gladstone rose, and stepping pair-irony and all vlv , moved to the edge of the grave. Wh tt meet she h.ve thought as she stool arid took a last look at the coffia no one can tell. But as the soil dropped noiselessly, and the space rapidly filled up, Mrs. Gladstone could bear the SC9III no longer and pressed her hands to her face, her aged and infirm figure shaking with grief. For a moment turned as if she wiseed to get to the seat she had left a few moments before, arid there was a movement to help amm: those who stood near. The first to reach her was the handsome little chap in the Highland costume. barely tall enouclo to catch hold of her hand. Tie next was the Prince of Wales, who assisted the old lady to re- cover her self-control, and moved to the heart at her grief,

===== 0002601_18980603_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
RENT DOWN AND BUSED HER HAND

in an attitude of reverence. This incident was so ea human, so simple, so removed frem the ceremonial ti honour the dead, that it could not fail to strike a mind overwrought by the evlenanity prevailing. Reverting to the procession, first were the members of Parliament, who marched four deep down the nave in their hundreds, and turned towards their s-ats in the South transept, in the Poet's Corner.as it is called,where lie Chaucer and Spenser, Addison, Dickens, and Tenny- son. Here they took their seats, standing un just to see the Lords march in with the Lord Chancellor at their head, who took his place behind a stand on which the Mace and the Great Seal were laid. A few miautes more and the eeffin had reached the lantern, where it paused for a few minutes. Then the organ p aled out. The service had begun,ancl the opening sentence—" I am the r aurreeion and the lire, saith the Lord "—was chanted in magnificent tones by the surpriced choir. A little more of the great spell of reverence passed, and thee was heard the first lersson read—read in clear, ringing tones that resounded through and through the building. The reading was slow and impressive, but it took hardly any time. Almost before the last verse of it died away the whole of the conereg,ation was on its feet singing " Ft)ck nf ages." Once more the bearers took up the culfin, once more the distinguished pallbearers resumed their places.once more the proceesion moved forward and bore the dead towards the grave. its soon as the spot was reached all the mourners found it hard to suppress the emotions they had so far succeeded in keeping dewn. And all this while the chant, " Lord, Thou bast been our refuge," kept ascending to the roof in one mass of harmony, ceasing only when the Dean of Westminster took his stand near the grave,and began: " Man that is born of woman." By this time the Duke of Norfolk had grouped the mourners around the erave—the Prince of Wales, Lord Salisbury. and Mr. Balfour on one side, with the Duke of York,Lord Reseberv, and Sir William Harcourt, and, close behind them, Lord Spencer and Mr. John Morley. Another hymn and another prayer, and then the Archbishop of Canterbury,with his streng,masterful voice, bassed out the concluding prayer. During all this the bearers had taken their position near the grave, and gently, slowly, silently,the coffin was lowered. Before the awed and enthralled congregation could drink in the scene

A CURIOUS OLD Manna. was enacted, The Garter, the principal officer of the College of Heralds, stepped out and cried out the for- mulary usual on state funerals—a bold recital of the qualities of the dead, a s ,rt of proclaimed epitaph. In a way it was impressive, but it did not add to the meet and beautiful silence that held the vast assembly in solemn stillness. In a fewmoments the choir were sing- ing one of the Handers anthems, and at its close there came the finale " Oh, God ! our help in ages met." In this hymn every one of the congregation seemed to join. As the congregation were fl:ing nut, and the great organ pealed out the Dead March in " Saul," the great states- men's intimate friends stepped near the grave to take their long and last look of farewell. Lord Salisbury moved towards poor Mrs. Gladstone just after the beautiful incident of the Prince I have described, and in tones broken by grief received from the dear lady an apparently Important message. Whatever the communi- cation was, the Premier was moved to tears, and, patt- ing Mrs. Gladrone on the shoulder in a soothing way, he turned and gazed lingeringly at the rapidly filling grave. The Duke of York followed, and then the white- haired, SOBBING LITTLE WOMAN, leaning on her two sons, Herbert and Henry, moved away slowly—and, oh, so painfully—stopping only to received the sympathy of the weepinj Princess or Wales.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
FUR.—SKIN RUGS Dressed. Cleaned, and Lined For alterations of every description. B. Coot e Manufaetnriv g Furrier. 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Bs- abliebed 24 years.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE PILLS.

Bile, Sallow Coiaplexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to st 4 la. lir.'

LIVER Soul! Pill. aki, Myst Dose. Sm.il Prim Forty. in a Aklj syyege_ _aL tame. "lure Torpid Liver,

ta7-6.-e-m—ist3, ls.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
man, Mr. Gladstone stated at a later time, was the greatest bow the Church ef England had sustained since the tiM° of John Wesley. When Manning seceded at a later period, it was expected by many that Glad- stone would follow him, just as it had hem expected that Pusei would f lllow Newman. Neither event happened, and the situation was saved. There was a parallel the preacher said between the conflict that went on within, and the conflict that went on outside. Out- side tiie conflict was between the materialism, and its opposite. The influence of Mill and Bentham was coun- teracted by the teaching of Carlyle. Within the church the conflict was between Protestantism and Romanism, and there Ltie influence of Newman and Manning was counteracted partly by Pussy, chiefly by Mr. Gladstone. If history were to repeat itself and a similar conflict had to be endure 1 we would bear to have Nile against us if Carlyle were for us; and the Anglican Church could bear ;the loss of another Newman if it were able to retain another Glad- stone. Reference was made to the deceased stateman's love of Nonconformity, and his connection with the late Mr. Spurgeon and in conclusion the preacher contended that they were all the better for the life which had just closed. While the collee.tion was taken, the choir, with Mr. Peter Harrison ot the organ, gave a tasteful render- ing of the piece "Days and moments quickly lying." The service was brought to a conclusion by the organist playing the Dead March from "Saul," the congregation reverently standing while he did so.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
MONODY ON TILE DEATH OF WILLIAM EWART GLADSTONE.

Who would withhold the tribute he deserves? Not honest foeman dare deny his claim To the deep reverence of a nation's grief ! A grief unfeign'd, so solemn, and heartfelt. He strove front-rank'd to aid his country's weal, And gain'd more laurels in the senate strife Than gory warriors gallant men withal, Who planted and fought their battles, and espied To noble titles, palaces, and lands ; He loved his own plain name,—an honoured name,— The name his father gave, with it alone He lived and died, and left it to all time To grace th' historic nage, foremost Among the first, a people's hero ! As orator, scholar. statesman," Grand Old Man," He gains the people's benison, and will Not need the sculptur'd monument, nor To keep his memory fresh in mind, rhe artificial aid of marble group. To give him dignity in loving eyes. To-day's lament will be a growing sense, Of pride of him, throughout an Empire's space, Wherever he is known and priz'd ! Stockton Heath.

J. 31

WARRINGTON -RUGBY FOOT-

===== 0002601_18980603_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BALL CLUB, --- ELECTION OF OFFICERS AND COAMITTEE.

There was a fairly-large attendance at the meeting of the members of the Warrington Rugby Football Club held at the Workmen's Club, Market-place, last Wednes- day week. At the outset Mr. Warren prop mad that Mr. George Smith take the chair until the election of president had been proceeded with. Mr. Frank Turner seconded, and it was agreed t He was supported en the platform by Mr. J. E. Warren (hon. secretary), and Mr. Pemberton (hon. treasurer).

===== 0002601_18980603_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TRIBUCE TO TRX LATE PRESIDENT.

In taking the chair, the CHAIRMiII said he was sure they all regretted the necessity there was to elect a tem- porary chairman. The loss they had sustained by the death of Mr. Morris cauld not be calculated. He WAS always mcst generous to them, and no one knew better than the Committee and the players what he had done or the cluh --

Mr. WAIMIN said some had thought that this matter should have been dealt with in the report. But that at the best could only be a bald statement, and he thought it would be more sympathetic it the matter were brought before that meeting. It was rather late in the the day to ON a tribute to the memory of Mr. Morris. No one would have been more proud than he was to have been there. and concluded his term of office by takinY the chair and compliment- ing them in one of his well-kaowninimitable speeches on the success of the club. No one bad done more for sport and recreation in Warrington than Mr. Morris. The Gymnasium was a standing monument to his tact,energy and generosity. It seemed to him to be almost base ingratitude that the many who had received bon-fits from him during his lifetime had done so little since his death to keep his memory green. To its credit the club had granted a sum of £2O towards a memorial, which a committee in the town were proposiog te raise. OWint: to the inability of the committee to carry ontthe schomo however, the money was reurned, and it was received with the greatest regret. The club was, however, able to do one little thing which indicated the respect in which they held Mr. Morris, and that was to allow the presidential chair to remain vacant for the remainder of the past soason. (Anolause.) THE REPORTS AND STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITICISM BY MEMBERS.

The Secretary's and Treasurer's reports, which have already appeared in the "Examiner" were taken as read. Mr. WRICIEIT, in moving the adoption of the reports. said they were the best the committee could present, but they were not such as the Warrington Football Club should be satisfied with. His opinion was that the com- mittee had not been as progressive as they might have been. He did not think they ought to be satisfied with the position in the leaeue of sevente or eighth. ZA.t.club like Warrington ought to be more to the front, and the committee should have adopted some means whereby they could have got players whe would have held up the honour of the club. Financielly they had had a very good season, and with the money they had behind them they might have made endeavours to procur better talent. & few years ace they had a 'moon team, but it was thought advisable to drop it the interests of the club. His opinion was then and was now, that they made a great mistake. The did not Herta to have encouraged junior talent i the town as they might have done. Th A.ssociation game was superseding them. Why One of the reasons was that they had robbed the junior clubs of their best players, and they had not recom- pensed them in the way they ought te have done. If professionalism was failed to be the best they should go in for it. There was talent which was latent,and if they had forwarded and encouraged the formation of junior clubs they would have talent by which they emild hold their own against all corners. If they spent LIOCI a year he believed they would he the gainers at the end of the season. If they spent Llet a month on junior clubs they would be more than recompensed by the extra " gate " they would receive week by week. From information he had heard some of the committee had not kept the pro- ceedings of the meetings secret when they should have dene.When a team had been selected and one or two had taken exception to the form of different players he in fee mation was taken outside, and get to the players. It was very unpleaeant for a elm-I:teem; n to be met out- side and asked by a player why he had tried to throw him off the team. Such matters ought to be kept q lite secret. (Hear, hear.) Members of the committee had threatenki to resign for that reason . During the neat season they should get a committee who would keep their own ceunsel and do justice to every player. (Ap- plause.) Mr. W. B/BEY seconded the adoption of the report. Mr. ASIITON said many observations had been male during the pest season regardiug the shorteominge of the committee. As a memb,r of that committee be wished to say that he was not infallible, and he did not think the committee considered themselves to be so. He bad been a member of the club for a great number of years and he felt that he should like to make way for somenee a little younger than himself on the committee. He would not say that they weuld be able to get a more enthusiastic member, but he believed there were some who would oise to come forward. With regard to the action of the committee with reference to junior football clubs, he could say that the committee had assisted them in every possible way. The committee approached the St. Mary's Club, which was the most prominent,and promised to aid them with money by granting them a good match on the Warrington ground, and guarantee- ing 115 in case the weather was unfavourable. The St. Mary's Committee did not look upon the offer with any favour, and seemed to ignore it. The Committee also approached the Latchford Rumors club,and they met them in a very conciliating spirit indeed. He believed they had treated junior foot- ball in the town with every degree of assistance. They must understand that their position in the future would not depend upon junior football. They must en outside for players. (Hear, hear and applause.) They must not be content to occupy a middle position in the Lag e table but make every effort to get to the top. If they introduced outside talent to strengthen the hack division be believed the attendance at the matches could be considerably increased, and they would be able to produce a fir more favourable balance sheet. Last season was a most favourable one for playing matches. Three was not a single Siturday en wnichthe team could not play football. The weather had been excep- tionally good but the succoes of the club had not been i correspondingly great. He hoped f any in em4r had anything to say with reference to the club he would say it now. A great deal bad been said outside the commit- tee, and now that the members lied an opportunity of asking questions be hoped they weuld do so. In con- clusion he referred to the great care taken by the tree- smear in looking after the finances of the club, and especially in chocking the takings at the getes. Mr. GARTLAW? called attention to the fact that the expenses for dinners &c., were £e3 in excess of last year. The Cnuassies Said Mr. Pemberton heti not got his book there.

*

Mr. PEMBERTON said it might be jest the other way next season.

Mr. SMITH maid the players had been more liberally treated with refreshments. There had also been extra meetings at night. If they had one meeting extra each week it made a considerable difference in the amount spent.

I Mr. GARTLAND Said he also noticed that the pay for checkers was in excees of last year. Mr. PEMBERTON said there had been an additional checker at the grand stand.

Mr. GEORQE SMITH (a member) called attention to the secretary's remarks in his report with reference to local talent. He would like to ask whether it was true that deputations had been sent out by the club to report on outside players without result. If they were going to be consistent let them play local men. It seemed t6hina that the club was sitting between two stools when they prated about local men while at the same time deputa- tions were going out for new players. He believed it was trots that deputations had beea sent out, and he thought they should endeavour to be consistent. Ile was of opinion that they ought to do as other Northern Union clubs did,and import good players. o have £3OO in hand and be at the top of the league was far better than having £5OO in hand, and occupying seventh or eighth position. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WARREN said the committee did not send a depu- tation to seek players last season. Be believed that about two years ago deputations were sent out to see 'various players. They spent a considerable amount at money and came back with the tale that the playere 'wanted such an amount of money that the committee laughed at the thing, as they could not afford to pay for 'such players, It was no use fetching inferior men, and good men required such enormous prices that the cons. mittee could not afford to pay them. The reports were then unanimously passed. There were two candidates for the sub-captaincy of the first team,viz, Mr. D. Isherwoodoand Mr. F. Moorer. the former being &Al.:tad. The President remarked that" it was a pity to see these two names opposed to each other, but there was plenty of time for Mr. Moores. For the first team touch judge Mr. I. Hackett wag elected in preference to Mr. T. Barnes, and for the "A" team Mr. %V. Evans was selected before Mr. F. Starkey. ' There were ten candidates for committee, the follow- ing eight being elected : W. Hill, .1. T. Thorniley, B. Ashton, G. Smith, W. Hewitt, W. Dillon, T. Bowere,and W. Nevins. The figures were not given. ELEC HON OF PRESIDENT. _

The CHLIRMAN said Mr: Evans was only person nominated for the position of president and he was the very best man they could have for the position. He knew from experience during several years' working with the club the value of Mr. Evans' services. No one had the welfare of the club more at heart and no one was more willing to devote time, trouble, and personal inconvenience to the work than Mr. Evans. He wag sure the committee to be elected that night would givo Mr. Evans the best support they could There would be difficulties to meet during the coming season and be thought they were having an admirable president° cope with them.(Applause).—The resolution wascarrited unanimously.

CouNcret.oa Etraxs then took the chair, and thankel the members most cordially for the honour they had done him in electing him as their president. Be meet alio thank Mr. Smith for the kind way in which he ad introduced him to the tneeting.Mr. Wright had sevehely criticised the working of the club during the put twrelve mouths, but he hardly thought the criticism bore the weigt.t some of the members seemed to attach toit.There were only two extra men proposed for the committee, which proved that the work done bad been satisfactory to the majority of the members. Be (Mr. Evans) would, do his best for the welfare of the club, which he claimed to have at heart as much as anyone else, thought he could never hope to do as much in the town icor sport and vartic..ilarly football,as their late president ifs im preaed upon the members that the committee v. ould recpire all the help they could get during the coming season. There were many difficulties to face and it would give the committee great encouragement if they had their support to tide them over their difficulties. (Hear hear). In conclusion he said be hoped that when his term of office was ended they would have the same good feeling towards him that they had that night. (Applause). ELECTION OF OFFICIALS AND COMMITTEE. The following were re-elected without opposition; Captain first team, Mr. J. T. Bate ; Captain "A" team Mr. F. Heesom; bon. secretary, Mr. J. E. Warren,hon. treasurer, Mr. F. Pemberton; hon. auditors, Messrs. T. Wallington and W. Webster. . Before the election of committee was proceeded with Mr. T. BOWERS said he wished his name Is be with. drawn from the list of candidates for committee. The PRESIDENT said he knew Mr. Bowers bad a very sore feeling against some members of the committee who had divulged what had taken place in committee. Mr.Boweas said it was a very sore point with him and he did not see that it 'maid be any better in the future. lie had always acted straightforwardly on the committee and he expected everyone else to do the same. When ' they selected a team they were obliged to speak on a ' man's ability, and he thought it most unfair that any remarks that were made there should las repeated to the players in question. (Hear hear.) When a man was on the committee he should stand by the committee. (Applause.) Mr. Serra referred to the matter in strong terms. life thought extreme measures should be taken to put down this divulging of committee business. It was a gross breach of faith and the offender ought to be publicly expesed. He hoped Mr. Bowers would allow his name to stand.

Mr. Wassix said he knew what Mr. Bowers had done and was capable of doinz for the club. He hoped the meeting would bring strong pressure to bear on Mr. Bowers to allow his name to go to the vote again. Mr. Rowans consented, and the voting papers were th4n handed round, the scrutineers appointed being Messrs. Hone, John Isherwood, Clare, Speakman,Josepts Knowles, G. Smith, and Davies. REMUNERATION FOR SECRETARY, TREASURER, AND AUDITORS, Mr. T. BOWERS, in the absence of Councillor Tinnlon. moved that the sum of £25 ho given to Mr. T. Pember- ton, the heri. treasurer, and the SUM of £2l to Mr. J. E. Warren. the hon. secretary, the sum of £5 each to the hon. auditors, MeAsre. T. Wallington and W. Webster, ia appreciation of their services during the past year." Di doing so he paid a tribute to the services of these offi- cials. and said they devoted more time and trouble to the work than most of the members thought When visiting other towns he had made enquiries and found that the Warrington club paid its officials less than most other clubs.—Mr. T. Hill seconded the motion. Mr. H. AIRTONT referred to the absence of the Secre- tary, Mr. Warren, on Northern Union business,when the club would have liked him to be present at their Mot!. day evening committee meetings. He would like to know also if Mr. Warren's expenses on these occasions came out of the club. Ho thought the Northern Union ought topay.

I Mx. WARIIRri said ha would like to remind Mr. Ashton that he had attended 25 club committee meetings, be- sides the Northern Udion meetings, which latter busi- ness was practically connected with the Warrington club. The whole of his expenses woula come out of the Northern Union. Mr. ASHTON Are there no expenses for your attcnd- anc, on -ur hAlance sbeet Mr. WARREN : Th. y are charged firit to the club and the money c miss back from the Nnthern Union when they make nut their balance sheet. It is then paid into the club's Recount. Mr. ASHTON : I am quite satisfied. I think it only right and proper that they should pay for your services. We should like our secretary present week by week,as it is essential he should be on the spot to advise as to the regictration of players and select the team. Mr. WeiFIEURTON" supported the proposition which was carried unanimously. k vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the pre- ceedings.

20c * Th.

HOUSE OF COMMONS * 0-omosittee have voted that 'BROOKE BONDS' TEA,* * BRITAIN'S BEST.' * • Aye. The Nt. P 8 , the chosen of The People * * have chosen Brooke. Bonds Tea before all others for daily use in their Honourable * House. Thus, the elected Representatives *of the Nation have ratified the opinion of the

* 2,000,000, * * Yes two million people, who have been * drinkigg Brooke, 29t143. Tea every day * for years. These great British Facts prove 3101 E indeed thss Air 'BROOKE BONDS' TEA 30c Az is 111 r BRITAIN'S BEST.' * ..,.. * Sold by nearly * 30 000 AGENTS ** AT

*, 10d., 1/-1 1/4,1/8, 2/-, & 2/8 lihr.' -1-4 A LB. * -..... , * * BROOKE, BOND & Co., Ltd, , —.— TEA MERCHENTS —A— BY APPMETMENT ro THE Pr.IPL'E ; THE LINOA9H[RE TEA WAREII.II7s.Es : * rIC 17, riccAnru.r. AND 12 &14 LONG: MILLGITS, MA.NCHUTER. ~6.09 A `2IIC-30r ** * * .W*4 J

===== 0002601_18980603_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ebe "Oramintr" Rterlts

OS LA—NU ANNIE AND CHISEIBS COUNTS NNWSPTPEBS: Comprises

rirliE Warrington and lifid-CheshireExaminer, pub- idahed every Saturday morning. 911114 Earlestmen and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. TE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday 1 afternoon. rrHE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday 1 morning, and TWidnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning ADVERTISBMENTS. SITILLT/ONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE:LET, 1. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO HE LET OR BOLE. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. :18 Os 6(1 ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 27 os ... Is 104 ... ds Od 36 45 ls 6d ... 3s Ed ... 6s Od above charges are for PREPAYMENT only No Advertise Iment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ihmtOtir iiptrbantO, &r.

lilipkliTED. General sEIZT •r ice; at oce ; no cooking or wealaing.-33. RIDING-EITHEST. Southport.

WANTHD General SERVANT. aged 18 to 25.—Apply Mrs. GELLING, Eltonhead Farm, Mutton, St. Helens.

NVANTSD, a good MINIMAL for kitchen Rad to assist in the ban—Address : ODDFELLOWS Amu, Bariestown.

WANTIM, plain COOL about 30 for country. Apply stating wage required.—Mr. WiLsoN, Stobhill, Mal- vern.

WANTED, a clean. respectable GIRL, abeut 15; good Ileum—Mrs. MILLER, 45, Wilmslow-road, Dldsbury, Manchester.

NVANTBD, COOK-GENBRAL, wages £l5; three in family.—Mrs. POLLARD, Railway-road, Leigh, flair afancbester.

FRBE REGISTRY, for SBRVA.NTS —Cook GENE VIAL aid good Generals Wanted.-467, CHEETniar HILL- 110AD, Blanchester.

"STSTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT ; part washing; good wages.—Apply J. PLUMB, Confectioner. Deep- . .

dale-rod, Preston.

WANTED, SITUATION as GROOM where Coachmin is kept; drive if reguireil ; good references.—OnOPEß, Roden, Wellington, Salop.

_ IVANT RD Respectable GIRL. as Gmeral, (about 23). Apply by letter. te Mrs. BARLOW, 8, Swinton Avenue, rlymouth Grove, Manchester, -•

_ A.NTBD, good MINERAL BERVANT ; small family; no wa,hing; wages £l6.—Apply evening,LouravlLLE, Salisbury-road. Bew Brighton.

WANTHD, !red COOK-GHNHItaL , two in family ; housemaid kept ; highest references required.— Address Mrs. BROWN, Mansard House, Fulwood, Freston.

WANTED, EXPERIENORD, TRUSTWORTHY. GENE- -ILA.L; June 18.Yamily four. Must have good reference. £2O wage Address—Mrs. GRUNDY, Springfield, Heywood, near Manchester.

WANTED, Situation es GROOM or Groom Coachman, single, 26; good stableman ; drives pair ; nntierstan de hunters; good te:erences.—WD.ragn BATES, Tunstall-road, Mrsdley Green, Congleton.

MALE and FEMALE NURSES 11VsTITUTION, 70, Hope- street, Liyerpool.—Estabbahed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Mastiage, apply or telearApli..' Muses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

WANTBD, GENERAL, strong, plain cooking, pastry. early riser ; neat appearance. cape, aprons. good ekaracter indispensible. Another Servant kept ; summer holiday given; comfortable home ; £l2 to begin with. Apply by letter Mn. YoltAE. 11, Shaw-street. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
irtiarbtntrg, ttc.

TIR WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY DlRBCl.—There- -1.. lore, Telephone " Avenue 5,891," or Telegraph " Rubes- teal, London" (A.B.C. Code used) or write THIS RH MANCH LUBRICATING OIL CO-19 and 20,WATBR-LANB.GItBAT TOWER-STEAM LONDON. B.C. The Best and Cheapest NON-CORROSIVB MACHINBRY and SNGINB OILS in the World. send for Pala ORDER PORI/ and PRICN LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU.

_ Q.T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Li Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogueof wheel and pulley natterias on appli- oation.-Telephone 229. 7111111WARRINGTON-GliS-ENGINE -For superiority of I design, effselvncy of working, simpiLiity of valve arrangement, and freedom from delicate mechanism, the above engine Is pro-eminent. Intending purchasers would do well before buying elsewhere, to see this engine working 2 11. P., and HP. in stock. Gas vinglne repairs undertaken by experiencth workmen.-}l. FORS/TAW AND SON, Engineers, Boilermakers, Iron and Brass Founder., Warrington. _

FA T ENT OFF ICY, MANCHESTER, BIiTABLISNIED IN 1835. Messrs.GEORGE OA SON have ha A more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish 'Kent, and possess practicalirnowledgeof the cotton, woollen, aad iron manufactures. •' Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price 11. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8., SON, re U.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

- PECICETT AND OONS, LOCOMOTIVB ENGINE' BUILDERS BRISTOL. gave in Stock ready for immediate delivery SEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and S wheels coupled, with all the latest improvement'''. Pull oartlentere on onolleetion

===== 0002601_18980603_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
CO be Let.

PENEETH.—Cottages 4e. 9,1.. 31. Eld. and 25.-Bd. per week. 20, PERCY STREET. rent 5. 88. 88, HOYLE STREUT, rent 3s. 9d. 94, HOYLE S I REET. rent 30. 88. 16, WELLINGTON STRIIRT, rent 54. CALLA.% LA.NE FOUSDaY with power; L. W.W. Hallway siding. Apply RoszaT Low' Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-.treat, War- rington. Telephone—No 55. 910 LET LARGE ROOM, Grtord-street ; rent £2O Apply ASHTON AND WOODS. Soliaitors, ilorieraarket-,t., _

Warririfiten • CO3ll/011TABITIf LODGINGS for two Baldness Men' • no children; terms moderate.—Mrs. JONES, 119, Dallam- lane. Warrington.

rip° LBT. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orfor.tet., rent £i3.—Apply ASHTOX AND WOODS, Solicitoralloree- market-street. Warrington.

rpo LET,—WASSELUSB STABLE with rooms over. and 1. large yard attached rent £2s.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, SOlieitOri, Horsernarket-sLeet, Warrington.

"DREMISHS suitable for V7Olllt$l.lOPS. Orford-street.— Apply Astrzott .E.vp WOODS. Solicitors, Horsemarket-sto Warrinvton.

S°l, AND HOUSE TO LET, Rylands-street ; suitable for Miliinery or Woolen Draper ; 4 bedrooms, dining room. cellar, kitchen. waehhouse, yard. and vr.c.; good thoroughfare ; rent £3o.—Apply 14, CAIHO-ST., Warrington.

IMPORTANT TO LADIES.

PROFESSOR TRAINER'S FEMALE CORRECTIVE.

CORRECTS ALL IRREGULARITIES. removes all Obstructions from whatever cause arising) and relieves the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Perfectly harmless, and never fails t.O bring abut the desired result, as testified by thousands.

rriCe 23. 9d. and 44. 6d. rxtra StrOng 111. Care ftly packed aud sent free from observation.

ADDRESS :-MANAGERESS,

MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 14, PRICE-STIIEBT (NEIR SAILOR'S HOME), IVEUPOOL.

JAMES TOOLE, .'LICENSED HOME SLAU ALLEN-STREET,GHTERER, WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Marlset.), Tbe HIGHBiT PRICES paid for dead and Worn-out h°"... cows, do. ren,nved any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. 'BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FMB POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand. Highest Testimonials from the Leading Parrnera of the district. ANALYSIS, SANIPLBS, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, ISIKTAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest, Prices Pail SLAUGHTER TALC, LONNFORD. iiBTABLISICID 1870.

OQUtatten.

gotafko, Zus'atesso, ea.

Mantel).

Vabltrattans.

BLACEPOOL—Superior APARThiIiNTS, with or without board; terms moderate.—Miss HELLY, 25, HIII. street, S.S.

rPWO LtTRRIES, one 11 ewt., other 13 cwt. ; price £6 and £lO.—J. STorr, Coal Dealer, 100, Lugsdale-road, Widnes.

pOLAYN ELY.—Comfortable Apartments at Dingle ildennt. Upper Promenade. Inquiries promptly answered.

lIELBROGATB.—Hibon Lodge. Park View ; select RBSI- LI MINCH for visitors, with or without board.—B, FEDARB. Proprietress.

BLACKPOOL.-MR . MEECH'S. Windsor-avenue, Ca- bourne-road, South Shore.—APARIMENTS, Public, or Private, near sea, pier. and station.

1 LANDUDNO.—MarmEtm's Boarding listablishment. 1.4 Abbey-road, lovely sltuation,near sea and hills; superior accommodation ; every comfort ; moderate terms.

BLACRPOOL.—Iirs. 11. RAYNER, Alexandra House 98, Albert-road, ne,r Certral Station and Sea. Public and Private APARTMHNTS, with or without board. Pianos.

1 SLR OF MAN.—Ballachrink Farm Boarding House,Dalby, 1_ near Glen May; quiet resort, every comfort ; boating, lawn ti ; terms moderate.-5. WANE.

Oalts bp prtbatt Ertatp.

VOR SALE, either Oatcake or Confectioners, BUSINESS. 1 Apply iJADnocx, 23, li,nz street, Hawtenstell.

BARGAIN.—COCOA and DININd-lioo S. situated at North end, opposite Dock Cates. Apply, 27, WAPPIdd, Liverpool.

A 8 a Going Concern, FORT DINING ROOMS, sitinted Alt close to Overhesd Railway Terminus, Seaforth.—Apply 257, CROBBY-ItOAD, Seatorth.

GD OO EARNINGS at honae by the HARRISON PATENT KNITTING MACRINES.-48, UPPER BROOK-STREET, Man- chester.

A GENTS WANTED. to push First-elass MACHINERY /I OILS. Liberal Commission—Box 31, POST OFFICE, Liverpool.

rrOBACCONISTS Commencing. - See 111 d. Guide (259 1. pages) 3d. Tobaecioniets' Outfitting Co.,lB6,Buston-r€l.. London. Hairdressers fitted. Estitnatesiree. --Mgr. H.lll TEAS.

I.4oolo.—Favourite Medical BOOKS, list free. All who 1.) want health, wealth, and euezess, wriCe 1-101..LAND.A.ND BOok sellers, Birmingham.

EVERY MAN SUFFERING trona Ner—OuS and Physical Debility should lend for a yahn, Pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organics arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent sealed, post frebe;taApidistihreests-30 kE. h9, at CO Chancery Lane, London, W.C.

.;;J3 :

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1898.

halo nv Sturtton.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!igNAlt4.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
. d lti' 1 l d 4 ' , ,

===== 0002601_18980603_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
!--1 I V', ,

--

,

I

. • ;

===== 0002601_18980603_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
, t

Apartnunts, 3r eurnfobeb i10u.5t5.

-CURB ISHED Cottage or APARTMBNTS ; three bedrooms, 1: sitting-room, piano.—Mrs. Bmltailsoir, Braithwaite Keswick.

AMSEY.—APARTHRNIS, near piers and bathing 111, ground ; baths, hot and cold, —Mrs, 1.1.17P1R, 35,Water- leo-road,

1 LABDUDNO.—Mrs. STEAD, Eng'afield, Qtmen'a-road JLI Craig-y-Don. Public and Private Rooms ; board if desired ; sea view.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable A PARTNIHNTS. with or without board.—Miss HINCIILIFF. 12, Alexandra-rand, Promenade, South Shore.

TIRLACYPOOL.—Mrs. Hrosott, Helmshore House, Charn- -13 ley-road. off Coronatioft-street. APAitTNEINTS ; near Central Station ; good beds; piano.

MISS MORTIMER (late assistant Mistress, !Ugh School), Knott End, Fleetwood. Comfortable Country resi- dence, facing Sea, Apartments, boarding, week ends.

BURGLAR and fire-proof SAM by Hipkins; Chubb3 double lonics; holdfast bands ;48a28 a 26 ; £l5. Also two smaller ones, 45s eaoh.—Edwards,B3,Victoria-st., L'pool.

HIGHBST Pedigree Pawn BULL DOG, 12 months old, biro, Bay Munn, £6.-20, HIGH-LINE. Choriton-Cum- Hardy, Manchester.

WANTED, to Purchase Second-hand MILNER'S, CHIMES', or CHAT WOOD'S SAP/B.—EDWARDS AND Co., 10S, .Whitechapal. Liverpool.

7110 BE SOLD newly built COTTAGHS, SHOPS. and 1 quantity of land to be leased. tor Building Purposes. Apply Box 180, " EXAMINER " Orrics, Warrington.

/ list SALE, LANCASHIRES SIANUEB WORK at Widnes NJ with Machinery and 24,420 yards freehold land.—Ad- dress to J. HOSKIN6t 16, Fenwiek-streer, Liverpool.

JOlaN ECCLES, ENGIN hER, FALCON WORKS, JOHN-ST., WARRINGTON. ANUFACTURBR or SCALES, WEIGHING MACHINES AND WEIGHBRIDG ttS FOR ALL PURPOSES. IMPROVED WIRE AND SPICING TESTE RS, CRANES. TURNTABLES, RAILWAY PLANT, !Lc Repairs undertaken in any Part of the Country by Experienced Workmen. BNQUIRIES SOLICITED.

''/:

===== 0002601_18980603_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
eptko,

Oggs, Voultrp, &r.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DRG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- -kJ lie generally that they are showing in their NBW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated

----- HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. NAPKIN, SHERTINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO URNTLEHRNS' bRIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRRNS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all 3f which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES

ALL ABB iNVITED to CALL and INSPRCT. no one Importuned to BUT. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BRLFAIST. 105, HoPE tirtacET, GLABOOW. 63, kiaw bTFICET, BIRMINGHAM. HIBRIVILLN FACTORY, BALLYMNRE.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
STRINGS, of the Finest Quality.

A.RTISTIC Repairing in all its branches.

TO Ladies, your Best Friend is LADIES TIBARTsEASh. TO LADIES Harmless, yet the most Effectual remedy, and TO contains NO poison or injurious drugs. IT ACTS LADIES LIKE MAGIC in all Ladies' ailments, Periodical TO Impediments,Sickness, Fuliness,ntommth Proubles. LADIES Testimonials are received Daily Testitying to its TO Wonderful Efficacy. 2s. 9d. douole, and stronger LADIES 4s. 6d. Post Free under cover. TO EXTRACTS FROM TESTIMONIALS. LADIES Pleate send ma a htttle of " HEARSTEASE " TO Female Medicine; it has proved beyond my LADIES expectations. R. JO Kindly forward a supply of your "HEARTSEASE" LADIES Female Medicine. I have found it all that I TO wished, M. lA. M. LADIES Kiealy send me another lottle of " HEARTS- EASE,'' for whim I enclose Poktal Order. Thanks LADIES to " HEARTSEASE " as it has saved ins trouble. TO C. U. LADIES Accept my thanks for HEARTSEASE I" it has TO been an heart's ease to me. W, P. LADIES Since t 9 king " HEARTSEASE is well again. TO hanks, wish every success. E. L. LADIES your famous Female Medicine, " HEARTSEASE,' TO as again proved a blessing, as it has alvray LADIES done previously. J. L. TO ddrens : LADIES TO E'. S. LILLY, LADIES HERBAL REMEDY CO.,

TO BOTANIC HALL, 35, COLSTON-STRUT, LADIES BRISTOL.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•..• . . •

===== 0002601_18980603_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
COOPER AND Co.'s TEA• 77:.

TE IS. TES. TEAS.. TEAS.

Unequalled for PURITY, FRAGRANCE STRENGTH. LEADING PRICES.

1/2, 1/4, 1/6 & 1/8 rna tr.

THE BEST VALUE OFFERED.

I

TT AM S. HAMS. k.)OOPER AND CO.'S ARE THE FINEST PROCURABLE. FROM 6D. PER LB. COOPER AND CO.'S reputation for High- Class GOODS is known all over the kineom. and they never offer any GOO Da of inferior quality to allow them to quote apparently low prices. Fully Detailed Price Lists Free.

Central Warehonaes— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON, AND BRANCHES ALL OVER THE KINGDOM. Local Branch : 4, BUTTERMARRET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
CiSbe " eyaminer " Atrrivi

OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPEBE. COM pt.' see rrHE Warrington and MM-Cheshire Examiner, pt A- Sidled every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday Afternoon. THE st. Helens Examiner, published every Pedal afternoon. r rHE Runcorn Examiner, published every Sati .L day morning, and rrHE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturda .1 morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENT'

OD a Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... ls. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 94. ... ls. 10d. ... 3s. 0.1. 38 is. 04. ... 2s. 64. ..., 4s. 0.3. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. 14. ... ss. Od. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advert] ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

THE EX A MIN ER .

JUNE 3rd, 1898

WHITSUNTIDE came too cb. The State in the midst of the natio) Funeral. monrning to be eractly in tt. with the customary festivities of the season. II

is gratifying to the public to have been permitted to read the terms of the touching communication

made by the Queen to Mrs. GLMSSTONE. It was a thorough' y characteristic message, simple sincere, and affectionate, and the nation must this week have honoured afresh the kindly watur, that prompted this expression of sympathy wit the living and respect for the dead. It is not because of her position merely that the English people honour the QuxErr, but because of the tender-heartedness that has made her "weep with those that weep," whether peers or peasant' Death is a ruthless leveller, and, for the

being, Princes of the tilood Royal, peers, polit.. partisans, and peasants on Saturday mornil

stood in and around Westminster Abbey on common footing. In this respect the funersl. Mr. GL&DSTONE Was in perfect consona the wishes of the deceased statesman. death, however, his 'nightly influence

and as the body passed from the precint arena where he had achieved the many of an earnest and purposeful life, to the r Valhalla, within the walls of which ho had a lasting resting place, the deep sense of bi

ment that permeated the multitude of nie was voiced by the passing bell from the to. Westminster Abbey. A remarkable featt..

the extra-mural demonstration was the absoli

stillnags that pervaded the vast throng

mourners, representative of all classes of the col

munity and every part of the Kingdom. Thera

was a painful intensity in the hush which .• upon the people. The problem of unite jag all the salient features of a State funeral with the elements of complete simplicity had been solved with an almeo masterly accuracy. Of straet pageantry there viss none. The few notes of subdued colour_ were fur nished by the robes of the Church dignitaries and the high officials of Parliament. These, however, were the merest pin-points in the vast assemblages gathered together in and out of doors on Satur- day forenoon to pay the last tribute of respect to the illustrious deceased. It would be almost irn- possible to imagine a more striking contrast than that between the elabcrate pomp and circumstance of a naval or military funeral and the sombre and ordered simplicity of Mr. GLADSTONE'S obsequies. To the minds of those who can look below the surface, however, the modulated spectacle could scarcely fail to carry further conviction of the truth of the theory that the national greatoees owes its stability as much to the influence of those who wear the conventional black coat as to those who are enjoined by official usage to perform their onerous duties clad in the gorgeous habiliments of the services, civil, military, and naval. gr- GLAnsroNz's funeral was a striking exemplification of this theory. It was to the most distinguished Commoner of the ago that the final tribute was paid, and with this predominant idea everything was in the most perfect keeping. The funeral it- self was an eminently civil function, but the air. sence of mortuary splendour added to, rather the° detracted from,the solemnity of the occasion. gr• GLADSTONE, incomparably the greatest English statesman of the century, rests where he ought rest, and w'ere the nation demanded that lie should rest, within the precincts of a fane recor nised as the heart and core of national greatness'

Jr is regarded as one of the England, the States and Canada. most gratifying of the many in" dications which have recently been observed of America's wish to stand well with this country that the announcement has just been received from New York of a definite agree' ment for the creation of a Commission to consider all questions of controversy between the Unitea States ami Canada. The agreement is for the pre' sent confined to one point, namely, the formatior of the Commission; the time and place for begitle" ing the work being left for future determination It is the agreement regarding which Sir J-00:14' PAIINCEFOTE, the British Ambassador, and s'e Louis DAVIES, the Canadian Minister of Marin° had for nearly a week been conferring with thet permanent officials a the State .Department Washington. The successful adjustment of ences between Canada and the United StateS Irnn:e

diffar- , at 6, teot"

time of aeverest ptessure on all the gore)

machinery of the Republic is another e:

f ° ilar

• signiflean

American versatility. It is, moreover,a

-.1-STREET. tub' s. _ _.• nq me too closely -mat ;une it ith itS• tial° itical ing 000 Lute , ,

Di the ly in- centlf well

Is PO der Tnitea

D pre latiOr

ifirar a tioo 7IJAS. sie ,rioos ti the 5 St II leotal 10 Of P t kgeatl

advance in the relations between America and her northern neighbour, and one which a few months since would have been regarded as impossible. That the happy and important achievement is due to the war may be taken for granted ; and that the Canadian-American understanding is one of the first fruits of a revival of the feeling of good fel- lowship between England and America, scarcely admits of doubt. Whether Mr. CueziBEICLAIN'S Birmingham speech in favour of an Anglo- American alliance was uttered with the view to facilitate the negotiations known by the Colonial Secretary to be pending, is, perhaps, not quite so conclusive. No doubt the speech carried with it some weight; and, anyhow, the agreement ties up, as it were, some loose threads that have unpleasantly dangled for years. There have , 'been questions about fisheries protection, alien immigration, boundaries, and alien labour laws. it the diplomatists approached the task which the had before them in the most appropriate aPirit, and with a determination to "disestablish " all sources of possible irritation. Thus it has been found possible to agree to a scheme for the aPpointment of a Joint Commission to which

_ every future dispute may be referred for settle- Ment. Canada and the United States have, in- deed, practically succeeded in thing what England and the Sates had previously tried, and Sailed to do, namely, establish what practically ataounts to a treaty of arbitration. The ultimate ejection by the Senate, of the proposed treaty

Was regarded at the time by many thoughtful men as something approaching to a national disaster; but now the emasculation and final repudiation nf the instrument is not unlikely to prove a bless- ing in disguise. It may be assumed that the creation of a permanent tribunal for the settle- nsent of disputes between England and America Would be the first step towards the formation of that Anglo-Saxon alliance, the idea of which is at Present so enthusiastically cherished beyond the broad Atlantic. That the Canadians would wel- come such an alliance there is very good reason to believe, because though the Dominion remains staunchly royal to the mother country, racial sympathies between the C.3lony and the States have been Would a p developing during recent years. It Pear, indeed, that at least some of the feeling bequeathed by the early settlers in anscla is dying away. Uncertain sentiment is, Perhaps being replaced by practical considera- ei"s• Per there can be no doubt that trade between Canada and the States has within the last few years bean an ever-growing quantity, and it has been computed by a well-informed statisti- cian that one in every six Canadians finds his way to the United States to earn his livelihood. Of ' course, this is a factor in the case which will not be allowed to be overlooked. There is no subject ih dispute between the United States and Canada Which could not be settled by a conference, if both parties thereto are dispo3ed to be reasonable Sod just; and from what is now taking place may grow that solid and enduring friendship, among the English-speaking people of the world which all Britons earnestly desire to see.

A Gladstone Among the many suggested;ways Memorial of establishin2; a memorial to Mr. Gladstone, the proposal n the" Morning Loader," should be lth general approval. We have ro- t lication from the editor of this mr assistance in giving publicity to mutated for 'eracting, by popular itr• sif osenr,t,- • statue to Mr. Gladstone in Par- raent-So Hera, already stand mementoes 4 Gaanl4.: Palnierston, Derby, and Beacons- n—and ,what better figure could to complete the half-dozen than ad Old Man "? None, we aver, ---..arkiaole and widespread demonstration of the past fortnight shows that no man could he Worthy of .higher honour than the illustrious 4tsltesman now at rest within the hallowed walls of Westminster Abbey. It may probably be con- eidered that a statue of this description, alone, Would be inadequate as a national memorial, but that is no reason whatever why the scheme should not be carried out. We think it is almost certain that some plan on a large scale, and which would enable the millions of Gladstone's reverent ad- teirers to participate in bringing to an issue corn- r,lensurate with his greatness, will be adopted ere long. For already b the purpose a large sum has hem,„ been promised, and if a great scheme of Practical utility is put forward there need hardly b,3 any Obtained . limit to the amount to be It is stated that when Parliament re-assembles an influential and representative eenarnittee will be formed far the purpose of taking in hand the memorial scheme, which it is tnooted may be of an educational character. Xevertheless, the proposition to add a statuesque representation of England's greatest Commoner to those now in Parliament-square, is one which ought to be—and we feel confident will be— warmly supported. Fir over half a century °ldansrobrz was one of the moving spirits of the House of Commons, and it seems but meet 4,11 d fitting that his familiar figure should, if only le cold stone, command attention and respect for generations to come in front of the building where- its his greatest triumphs were achieved. To assist this object we shall be pleased to receive and ack- tlewledge subscriptions at our head office, War- tieigton. These will be duly forwarded to the Z'aramittee which has the arrangements in hand. '4O workingmen admirers of the G O.H. can do a reat deal towards finding the requisite sum if 43, will only come for ward with their shillings,or 443' other coin of the realm which they feel they 'earl spare.

• have this week been favoured with a deft- of the phrase "on the sick list,' as applied wae police. Assaults on the police, as often as result in the suffering P.C. retiring to the • livion—and we should imagine—comfort of the aiek list." To be on the sick list, it is usually vi.esUmed, a member of the force must be in-- '4,l3acltated from duty by illness or injury, but e precise amount of suffering sufficient to place • Constable genuinely hors de combat seems about aa difficult to determine as the extent of un- eteadiness which proclaims a man to be drunk. In London Police Court on Tuesday a man was „P,l‘°Becuted for assaulting the police,and the victim " the assault said that it was of such a character tbAt he was now "on the sick list." Then ensued the following conversation between magistrate .1.124 d policeman :—"Mr. Mead ; Why F—The Con- Because of the assault. —Mr. Mead: But Was of a very slight character?—The Constable: ut it was a blow on the nose.—Mr. Mead: Now thlderstand. The Commissioners do not like a 'oo_tistable to walk about in uniform with plaister tVlis nose." Accordingly we may conclude that " on the sick list," probably means nothing • e serious than a plaistered proboscis. wiliMr RAPID CYCLES.-111-ARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, ngton, Qr?4,Qt.,ING and TOURING SOXD MAP3.--JoaX S. jp. Stationer, itc., 31, Bridge-street, Warrington UHLSIOR and DISW HOWE CYCLE 3,--GARLAND `.4l(nOnger. Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
• •••

••••....."..ffigioket

'BIZ LE.

r High- ingeom. quality

IDOli GIDOM.

fts 'SPAPERC.

iner, pi

published

3ry Fella,

ry Bati

Saturd a:

Six Weeks. 2s. Od 3s. Od. 4s. Od. ss. Od. ss. Od. 0 advert] 't on.

ermitted micatioo It WO

, simple m must y nature

;hy with It is na English 5o of the )ep with ,easante,

L

0. tt 119011.1te ng

Thera , Lich foll: unit-

state nnplete alreeo are we°

sre fur ies and

)wever, nblages Satur" poet to ost iiX thwi astance re and equies. )ar the could of the eatnesg f those those n their [me nts gr. icatioo

aiShea 3 WO ything era' it- he ab- thaa

n. Mr. ght tO kat he recor atrtess.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
• • A •.-f, ''NT;;:. • - • • " , "7 • -

-777

===== 0002601_18980603_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
RITNrJORN AND WIDNES.

A JOINER INJURED AT WIDNES. On Saturday, a man named William Griffiths, joiner, was removing his furniture frem the upper portion of his house, preparatory to its conveyance to Liverpool, when he slipped and fell down the stairs. He was attended by Dr. &la ards, who found him suffering from a broken arm; and he was eventually removed to the Accident Hospital. ACCIDENT AT A RUNCORN TANNERY. _ •

A sad acal-ent occurred on Wednesday afternoon by which a young man, named Walker, of Eialton,received severe injuries to his hands, entailing the loss of three of his fingers. It is alleged that the accident occurred by Walker trying to pass 3 pads through the machinery in- stead of two, when his fingers beJame entangled and crushed. Ho was removed to Liverpool Infirmary,where it was found necessary to amputate three of the fingers which were much crushed and mangled. A Wilms MAN COMMITTED TO TEED SESSIONS.

At the Widnes Police Dourt, on Thursday, a young man named Arthur Lloyd, was committed to the Liver- pool County Quarter Sessions charged with stealing the sum of £9 us., the money of his employer, the Rev. Thomas Swift, of Ditton Hall, Ditton. Evidence was given that the prisoner, who has been in Father Swift's employ was discharged on April 13 for drunkenness. After his departure the money was missed frora the cash drawer. He was received in custody at St. Asaph on ' Thursday morning by Police-constable Evans. When charged prisoner replied, " Yes, that's right." Prisoner, who appeared very repentant, said that he took the money in a moment of temptation, and the whole of it would be refunded. WIDNBA FOOTBALL CLUB. -

_ At the annual meeting, held in the Conservative Hall, Widnes, on Thursday last week, the voting for the ap- pointment of the committee for the coming season re- ! Nuked as follows :—T. Laws. 88 ;J. H. Smith, 84- T. Showan, 67 ; T. 63 ; E. Gordan, 61 ; H. A. ; Richards, 57 ;J. E. Ferrell, 55 and D. Reddrop, 48. These gentlemen were accerdinglv declared elected. For and F. Smith ithdrew and a to 45 handed in on behalf of F. eth,technirnetcheipvleadce4.sAv.oCtersi.tchcleryi opyarhseonnw. further vete culminated in Dewson securing the ninth position by 55 votes. Smith.—A suggestion was put forward by Mr. Brown that those A team player e who held three championship !I medals F ho*ld be ePeniallY recognised,_Mr. Showan supported the suggestion,a nil remarked that an illumin- ated address would be a very suitable way of perpetuat- Vers.—Mr. Smith ing the perferrnancee of thee:, pla prom- hod that the sag- eestion should be considered at an early meeting of the committee. CHARGE OF STEALING FltOn A WIDNES TOBACCONIST. ! At tne Wideees Petty Ses,ioas on Thursday, a young man named Jahn Deegan WS charged with stealing thirty cigarettes, value 15. 3 1., the property of Tames Oldfield Rhodes, tobsec miee end newsagent, Victoria- road, Widnes. Mr. J. W. K iowles defended. Prosecu- tor, who is hn aged man an I partially blind, stated that he was cleaning his shop out on Tuesday night, when he felt someone moving about his le-n. g He seized hold of the prisoner, and hurriedly went through his coat pocke• ts which were filled with cigarettes. A struggle ensued, and I'M cries attracted the attention of Police- constable Fox, who took the prisoner into custody. When searched at the police station the cigarettes were found on Duggan, who when charged, replied " Tdat's nothing."—Mr. Knewlea for the defence, stated that Duggan was assistil g prosecutor with the gae reflector at the time, and asked the bench to believe that the cigar- ettes had been placed in his pockets by a little boy who had come into the shop.—Prisoner was bound ever him- self in £lO and one surety of £lO to los of good behavi- our for six months.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
A GRUESOME SPECTACLE AT RUNCORN.

On Wednesday afternoon a spectacle of a somewhat gruesome nature was witnessed near the Top Locks, Runcorn. As a boatman was engagad in poling his flat aleng the quay the hook bcame entangled in some heavy object which on being hauled to the surface proved to be the lower portion of a man's leg. The police were communicated with aryl dia,gging operations com- menced at once with a view to recovering the body to which the leg belonged.efter about 2i hours toiling with the grapples the body was successfully landed. It ap- peared to be that of a young man about 25 years of age, and W3S horribly mutilated and in a state of decomposi- tion evidently having lain in the water for some con- siderable time. Upon a collar found at the same time is the mark "Taylor" in marking ink, and it is supposed that someone of that name must have met with an accil int and fallen into the canal some- where in the vicinity ot Manchester,and has been carried down and cut up by the screws of the tugs that ply up- on the canal waters. An inquest will be held in due course, but up to the present the police have no informa- tion as to anyone being ms-g.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FItOI)S}IAM.

Tat: Szasmc—Ooving to the extreme inclemency of the weather, Froelsham like other places of summer resort is experiencing a very poor season. On Whit- Monday eon Tuesday the number of visitors to the lovely hills was anything but encouraging.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD DEATH OF A WOMAN.

ALLEGED NEGLECT.

At the Frodsham Police Court on Saturday, Mr. J. C. Bate, coroner. opened an inquest on the body of Harriet Owen, aged 37,wh0 died on the 25th May.—The Coroner said the facts reported to him in connection with this death were as follows: Last Wednesday week deceased was confined, and since then she had no rat attention that a woman in her position ought to have ha l. The doctor (Dr. Burton), in his statement to him.was deity- of opinion that the woman would not have died f she had had proper attention. Under these circum stances he (the coroner) had no option but to adjourn the inq lest, and allow the doctor to make a post-mor- tem examination. Then It would be for the jury to con- sider whether the facts showed sufficient negligence to warrant a verdict of manslaughter. So far as the doctor could say at present, the woman died from exhaustion. That might or might not result from neglect. The woman may have had feed, but whether she could not eat it or could not get it was a question they wonld have to decide upon the evidence laid before them.— Harry Smith, 14 years of age, son of the deceased,eive evidence of identification, His father was a hay-cutter. —The inquest was then adjourned. At the adjourned inquest on Thursday at the Court House, Frodshain, Mr. Bites (coroner), resumed the hearing and the following evideece was adduced : Harry Smith, 14 years of age, said the deceased was his mother and the wife of Samuel Owen, Marsh Green, Frodsharn. He remembered his mother being taken ill on the 17th of May last. There was no doctor present at the confinement, but Mrs. Turner was present. His mother had been ill for a lona time and he used to go and fetch the food into the house. There was bread and butter, and milk and rice, for milk pudding. His father did not fetch any food at all, but brought the money and witnees used to go to the ebop for the things and get them on trust paying for them afterwards. Mts. Ainsworth sent them a pint of milk every day. His mother never used to ask for anything.—By a Juror : Did your mother ever ask for a drop of whiekey P—Wit- ness : Sbe did not like whiskey, sir.—Did not your mother say to your father that it was necessary for her to have a drop of whiskey or she would die ? No, sir.— And did not your father say .6 Go on with your dying then." Witness : No, sir. Mrs Betsy Turner, said she practised as a midwife in Frodsham. s:a visited the deceased in answer to a summons from the little boy, Harry Smith, who said his father had sent for her. It was about eleven o'clock at night and she stayed there until about six o'clock the next morning. Mrs. Owen was confined about 3.30 o'clock. Witness asked then to send for the doctor when she left as she noticed the deceased was very weak. In a conversation with the 'deceased, she was told that for eight weeks she had had no solid food. Mrs. Owen told her the reason was because her mouth and throat were so very bad. She could not swallow anything solid. Witness tried to per- suade her to take a little milk, but it was no use she was such a self-willed woman,—ln answer to the Coroner, witness, said she saw plenty of food in the house of a suitable nature if the deceased would only have taken it. There was bread and butter, milk and brandy and even a little wine one of the neighbours had sent. She never complained about her husband at all. In witness's opinion there was no neglect, but she bad never seen the deceased eat anything. She only took medicine in her presence. Mrs. Mary Ainsworth, wife of Mr. Thomas Ainsworth of Marsh Green, Frodsham, testified to having a conver- sation with the deceased after her confinement. She complained of being unable to eat, and said it was hr inside adding" They cannot make me a new inside." Dr. W. E. Burton, said he was a medical officer and practised at Frodsham. He had been attending Mrs. Harriett Owen from the 10th of April last, for acute bronchitis and general weakness. He called upon her the day of the confinement, but was not present at it. He prescribed several mixtures for her, and ordered a slop diet; but lately he had ordered a little solid food. He could not tell whether his orders were carried out or not; on one occasion he remembered seeing a half eaten pud- ding upon the oven and asking the deceased if she had eaten any of it and he replied that she bad.Ele had also seen some bread and butter about the hens°. It was on account of her mouth being very sore and her gums tender that he prescribed the slop diet, and the change to solid food was recommended because her mouth was much better. Be had never known that she refused any food, and thought that if she did elle should have been forceetto take it. He had made a post martens examine tion of the body with Dr. Selby and as a result he came to the conclusion that the deceased's death was caused by the failure of the heart's action, owing to neglect during the lying-in period. The Coroner : Neglect in what manner Dr. Burton: It is evidently neglect of nursing. I

-...-,.. -_;

cannot say of myself whose neglect, but such is my opinion. By a Juror : He did issue a certificate, but from what he heard afterwards withdrew iz and communicated with the Coroner. _ . _

The Coroner remarked that he considered Dr. Burton had taken the proper course. Dr. Selby gave evidence as to asgisting in th,i post mortent, and of the nature of the contents of the stomach and intestines. The body was in a very poor state and there was no trace of food at all. With regard to the neglect, he could 649 nothing about that. The Coroner having summed up, the jury returned a verdict of " Death from natural causes."

Whilst the jury were receiving their expenses a bit of a sense occurred. Messrs. W. Youd, G. Rogers and Rotert Rogers refusing to take their fee unless it was for two days. Mr. Youd : I had.to forsake my business, sir, and shall only take pay for the two days, and if I don't get it I shall write to the papers. The Coroner : Well, y U can take that course. The three jurors protested, and after, being discharged left the court without the oae days' fee, alleffing they were as much inconvenienced as the other jurors.

RUNCORN URBAN DM r RIOT COUNCIL.

The usual monthly mseting of the above Council was held at Council Chamber. Egerton-street, on Wednesday morning, Mr. J. W. Light burn (chairman) presiding. There were also present Messrs. W. Collier,D. Sisbrown, W. I3andley, J. Horsfield, E. Imison, C.C., G. H. Kirk- ham, E Gatley,P. Speakman,C.C., and Mr. E. Marshall (secretary), and the Surveyor (Mr. James Wilding). THE MEDICAL OFFICE WS REPORT..

The Medical officer's monthly report stated the num- ber of deaths registered during the month of May was 22, being a considerable decline compared with the pre- vious month when 32 deaths were recorded. This was an equivalent to a death rate of 15.08 per thousand per annum. The causes of death were from bronchitis three from pneumonia four in two cases fol- lowing influenza; from broncho-pnuemonia two deaths; phthisis and congestion of the lungs one each ; two deaths were due to heart disease, while rheumatic anthrites, :tetamis, gastritis, senile decay, and other diseases each accounted for one death.—The number of births was 38. ',1113 HIGHWAYS AND BUILDING COMMITTEE. On the proposition of Mr. D. Bisbrown, seconded by Mr. Gatley, the following recommendations of the above committee were confirmed :—That the plan Of Mr. W. Morris of alterations at No. 94, Greenway-road (bringing forward of front) be avroved subject to the recommen- dation of the Surveyor as set forth in hi 4 Register of Plans being carried out.—Taat the plan of Mr. George Eforsefield of two c.ttages proposed to be erected in Stonehills-lane, be approved.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
A CLEANING UP ALL ROUND.

Several matters had loen—cOl;d7Q—by the Health Committee, and the following recommendations '2V er 9 adopted :—The Sanitary Inspector having complained in writing that the drains.ashpits, stench traps, yard pave- rnent,and rain water cistern at the rear of premises situ- ated Nos. 1,2, and 3, Back Penketh-lane, Runcorn. are a nuisance and injurious to health, it is recommended that antlieritv be given to Mr. James Wilding, the sur- veyor,after 24 hours written notice to the occupiers of such premises with or without assistants and cuse the ground to be opened and examine such drains ; and also to examine such ashpits, stench traps, yard pavement, ' and rain water cistern. In the matter of the nuisance reported by the same officer, as existing at premises situated Nos. 22, 24, 28,and 28, Trinity-3treet, and Nos. 2,4, 8. 8, and 10, St. John-street, arising from large wet ashpittit is recommended that a notice be served on the owner to abate the nuisance within 28 days from the service he the notice and for that purpose to remove the existing privies and ashpit and te provide five water closets and nine ashbexes with proper covers ; also that in the event of noncompliance with such notice legal proceedings be taken. That the Sanitary Inspector be authorised to take pro- ceedings and to appear on behalf of the Council egainst Mrs. Farrell for keeping the Common Lodging House occupied by her in Vicar Street in a dirty condition. That the tender of Mr. E. Gregory for the supply of pro. vender for the next three months be accepted.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER COMMI TTSB.

This Committee recommended that the tender of Mr. William Moore for the carting of slack to the Runcorn Pumping station be accepted, subject to termination ot contract upon one month's notice on either side.—Tnis was adopted. RUNCORN HEM( AND COMNOV.—ROPES OF A RECREATION WOUND. Relative to the matter of the clsitniog and regulating of the Runcorn Heath the Parliamentary C munittne re. commended that Messrs. Walters, D iyerell and Co., so- licitors to the Marquis of Cholmondeley be paid the sum of £63, being costs sustained by them and their local agents in tho matter of Runcorn Heath and Hill. They I further submitted the foilowing report of the procnedings before the Select Committee appointed by the Ham e of , Commons to receive their deputation :—The Chairman' if the Committee with the Law Clerk and Surveyor at- tended before the Select Committee on Commons (ap- pointed by the House of Commons) on the 18:.,h instant when evidence having been given in support of the pro- posed provisional order for the Regulation of the Com- mon Lands by Sir Jacob wilson,of the Board of Agricul- tore, the Hon. Arthur Russell, the Chairman (Mr. W. Handley) and the Law Clerk, the committee stated they would report that in their opinion the Order should be confirmed without modifination. The Bill to confirm the Order was introduced into the House of Commons on the 20th instant, read a first time an referred to the Examiner. The title of the Bill is "The Commons Regulation (Runcorn) Provisional Order Confirmation Bill." An Official of the Board of Agricul- ture assured the deputation that every effort would be made to gat the Bill through this Session. The Chairman remarked it would soon be law; it was rimply giving the final pull to the matter. They were requested to do what they had already done and pay the expensing incurred by the Marquis. Mr. D. Bisbrown asked whether the £63 recommended tr) he paid to the Marquis of Cholmondelay was included in the estimated cost ef the whole. It would be remem- bered the cost was estimated at £lOO. The Chairman of the Committee explained that the cost so far ac could be at present assigned were simply the £63 mentioned, and 50 guineas which they had been obliged to deposit for the purpose; of the Parliamentary Inquiry (though ha enuld not say but that they would have some portion of that returned), and £lO 103. which was due to Mr. Linaker for his share in the work. Of coarse there vrould be the question of the expenses of the deputation but that did not enter the province of the question. Mr. Bisbrown expressed himself satisfied with the answer.

MARKETS AND CEMETERY AND LIBRARY COMMITTEES. This committees minutes were duly confirmed.— me Library Committee's recommendation that 20 new volumes be purchased was also confirmed.

THE QUESTION OF A BACTERTOTOGICAL LABORATORY FOR

THE COUNTY.

The Secretary (Mr. E. Marshall) read a communication from the Cheshire County Council in answer to the Run- corn Councils letter respecting the question of fo ending a laboratory where medical officers could have water and other matters tested and analised both chemically and backterioloE.,icallyt The purport of the communications was to the effect that the County Council considering the e•eilities already so near to hand at Owen's College, Manchester, and at Liverpool, did not consider it advis- able to at present found such an institution. Mr. Imison said he admitted the facilities referred to but still it would be a distinct advantage to have such an institution as the one suggested Mr. P. Sneakman, said he should like to inform the Council that the County Council gave the :natter their fullest consideration. With regard to the foundation of such a laboratory, it was found to be impracticable as those at Liverpool and Manchester offered such

Mr. Imison : At the last meetinz of this Council a statement was made relative to the water supply. I have not receeded for the position which I took up, hut a glance round the room would disclose the reason why the statement was withheld.—The matter then dropped.

TEM FIRING OF CIIIMNRYS. Mr. Imison asked the exact position of the Council with regard to the firing of chimneys. He believed the practice was being continued, and showed no sign of abatement. It was explained that the police had been instructed in the matter, and would report to the Council any cases that came nnder their observation. Mr. Imison : Then I fear the committee, in some cases have evidently been exercising the milk of human kindness" or there have been no cases reported. The Chairman said he cauld assure the public that they were doing all that could be done in the matter.

falor-General John Julius Johnstone, late of the Grena- dier Guards, committed suicide at his residence in London, on Thursday. by shooting himself with a revolver. Deceased had been under treatment for cancer, and was about to un- dergo an operation. On Thursday the inmates of the house heard a discharge of firearms, and on rushing Into the de- ceased's room found h,na lying on the floor bleeding Pro- fusely from a ballet wound in the head, while a revolver was lying by his side. At the West Ham Pace Court on Tlaursday morning. Henry Marsh. clerk, and member of the Peculiar People, was charged with killing his child, aged eighteen months, by neglecting to get medical assistance. The coroner's jury had returned a verdict et manslaughter, and the prisoner was re- manded.

Tr-114 VERY LATEST DESIGNS find COLOURINGS in Millinery, Dress Fabric', Silks, Blouses, Sunshades, S Umbrellas Ste.. &c.—W.T.WILL lAMB, Sankey-street, and Legh-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIIIAY, JUNE 3 118.

WHITSUNTIDE FESTIVITIES AT RUNCORN,

Notwithstanding the disquieting aspect of the weather the usual festivities which Runcorn associates with the season of Whitsuatiie were,as far as practicable carried out. These festivities, as is well-known, are ot the na- ture of processions of the several Friendly Societies and Sunday Schools in the town, after which the young people come in for the delights of sumptuous tea-parties followed in turn by games and gambols. The drissl rig rain which fell almost all the day tbrough,withheld many from participating in the annual parades on Monday. Whit-Tuesday, which is a regular tripping day in Run- corn, was kept according to tradition, and large crowds went by rail to Liverpool, Manchester and North Wales, land by sea to New Brighton, Liverpool, and other places I of interest and amusement. " FRIANDLY SOCIETY."

In striking contrast with previous years, only one friendly society paraded namely the " Duke's Club." Assembling at the Big House, Bottom Locks. the mem- bers to the number of about 150, walked through the principal streets,headed by the Runcorn Volunteer Rand, arrayed in full regalia. Amongst thole present were : Dr. McKenzie, Messrs. F. Wiswall, T. Simister, J. K. Digges,G.E. Hollingworth, W. Miller, J. Pendlebury, Fl. Hughes, W. Hoxwortb, P. Ptrr, J. Hankers,R. W. Owen, J. Doan, W. Johnson arid W. Booth.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
TES SUNDAY SCHOOLS.

Church of Eogland : As is he usual custom the scholars from the following schools, united for the pur• peso of the precessisn :—Runcorn Parish ; St. Miclasel's ; Mersey Mission ; Holy Trinity ; and Mariners Mission. The Parish Church School which headed the procession with its now banner, were preceded by the Rev. Canon Wood (vicar), Revs. H. B. Firth, W. Scheles, E. S. Oliver, Messrs. J. Johnson, H. Branch, E. Key, J. Littler, F. flutter, J. Jannien. J. Wilson, J. Callow, H. Clare, etc., and tha Volunteer Band.—St. Michse's school followed, led by the Ray. H. C. Movle (curste•in- charge), Miss Smith (superintendent girls' school), Mr. C. Pownall (superintendent boys' school). Messrs. W. Cook, J. 11. Austin, E. Ridge, A. Lightburn, J. H. Weston, W. Cropper, and J. Sherlock. --The Mersey Mission school under the care of Mr. W. Shaw (misaionary), and Mr. J. K. Digges (hon. secretary), Holy Trinity and the Mersey Mariners' Mission brought lup the rear, accompanied by the Rev. C. R Killiek (vicar), Messrs. E. R. Westbroek (secretary), R. Kilcross, j. Kecross, G„ W. Gibson, EA ward Frvar, S. Readies, J, ' Forshatv. and J. Woods.—The t• ersey Mi3TOTI School displayed a new banner, which WAR unfurled at the lestitute by Mrs. Abel. The banner proved quite an attraction. Upon the front is the copy of the einolem nt the Mersey Mission " Tee flying angel," only instead of carrying the Bible in Nand, the hand is uplifsel pointing heavenwards ; whilst noon the reverse side is a repre- sentation of Christ calling Andrew and Simon Peter and the teat " J-sus said unto them : " Follow me and I will make you fishers of men." Tie inscription " Mersey Mission to Seamen, RatrlONl Breach. established 1875,'' is upon both sides of the toanner.—The route of the pm- cession was through Rogent-street, High street, Bridge. street, Victoria-road on to the Vicarage, a return being made by way of Greenway-road and Waterloo-road to the respective schools. The Nonconformist Schools : The Nonconformist schools were not so strongly represented as in past years, owing to the fact, that the Camden Wesleyan schook,and the s. John's Presbyterian school did riot take part in the event. The schools that did appear however were well represented considering the unpropitious stste of the weather. Brunswick school.established in 1800, was given the precedence, but no strict order as to the posi- tion of the other schools was observed; therefore it will he sufficient to mention the several schools that appeared. Brunswick Bohol!, were accompanied by the Rev. C. W. L. Christie (superintendent of the Rencorn Weeley an Circuit), Messrs. T. Sirnister, E. Taylor, P. J. Normae. At the head of the procession were the members of the St. Paul's choir, wallet the rear was brought up by the members of the Boys Brigade sander Messrs. Leash, Massey and Sergeant Ruseton. Bethesda Corigregatienal school were in charge of the Rev. J. Osborne (pastor) and Messrs. W. fissudley, H. Beck, F. Cringhall, etc—St. Luke's on gregational echo-1 fell twerl. and they were C succeeded by the Prim tive Methodist School led by the Rev. W. Fidoe (pastor), Rev. W. Moore (prossham), and Messrs. James Richardson, S. Fleet, E. Howard and the members of the choir.—The Visited Methodist Free Church.paraded new banner of a very attractive and beautiful design, and were accompanied by the pester (Rev. S. Wright), Messrs. E. Gan, F. Clarke, W. Gandy, E.Warci,George White and W. Newall.—Mill Brow Wesleyan Schools were fully represented, being under the control of Rev. R J. Clif Lim, J. R. F:ith, S. Pope, G. NV. Yates, J.Ficid- low, and others.—Nelson-Creet Wesleyan School were preceded by their fife and drum totnd, an I lively music was played along the route as the processien wended its way onwards.— The uholars of the St. IS w srd's Roman - Cstholic School, as in past years, joined the Neecon- forinists for the purpose of the procession, being led by the Rev. Father Gsre,and the officials of the church, to- gether with the League of the Cross Band. At the several schools ample attonement was made for the inability to provide outdoor enjoyment, and amusements of a Varied nature were indulged in by both scholars and teachers. Nothing,that could possibly be done, was left undone, in the way of catering for the little ones, and from the manner in which they disposed of the good things it left no doubt but that the effort to please them was not only successful, but fully appre- ciated.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT].

Interest naturally 'centres upon the" great" under- taking which falls upon the hands of the Runcorn Urban District Council, i.e., that of the controling and regulat- ing of Runcorn Heath "The Commons Regulation (Roncora) provisional Order Confirmation Bill " as it is titled by the House of Commons, has been read a first time and is on a fair way to completion ; and when a prominent official of the Board of Agriculture assures us that "every "effort will be made to get the Bill through this Session. It is gratifying indeed,to those concerned. Year in year out, the children of Runcorn, have ever looked forward to their recreation and sport upon the Common ; and naturally one can feel for the youngsters In a season that is a complicated combination of sun. ships showers.

But,Runcorn knows its disappointment at the weather and feels that something ought to be done, and it is gratifying to think that already some good genius of the little ones is suggesting to "go it all over again." The occasion which is mentioned is when the Friendly Societies have their " show"—the anniversary of the Queen's Jubilee—and a more fitting one could scarce be sliwed. Now, you good kind purse-holders try just a little and give the youngsters another chance! Perhaps it will be fine this time, and then they will be satisfied and happy.

The Witsuntide holidays for this year are not yet a thing of the past, though the days for celebrating them are beyond recall. I refer more particularly to the "after effects." Runcorn, for some time past, has had serious trouble with that dread disease pneumonia and not a few of its inhabitants have fallen victims to its ravages; therefore, it behows us to be a little less ven- turesome in respect to the attention, we, as well as our wives and families, pay to that subject we call "dress." Judging from the " summer array ' with which a great many Runcornians badecked themselves during the fes- tiveroccasio ; there may yet be occasion to say they n but " too well." dressed not "wisely "

One cannot help reverting to the dangers of rambling in the vicinity of the canals, for the danger is brought vividly before us by the shocking catastrophe which must have occurred some i•im, s, as exemplified by the discovery of part of a man's body in the Bridgewater Canal on Wednesday evening. It is ell a matter of con- jecture as to how the poor fellow got there, but, at the same time,it is prudent and timely to draw a lesson from the sad occnrrence. Indeed, greater precautions might be taken in the way of going to near, and the canal tow path might be less frequently used by the public as " short cut "to " this Mace or that" with more pro- fit and less risk to life and limb.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON POINT.

THE CASTNER-KELLNEH ALKALI COMLANY. -- The second annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Castner-Kellner Alkali Company was held in London on Friday. Mr- William Mather was in the chair, and in moving the adoption of the report, he said they had made a profit of £9,181, with practically only a quarter of their enterprise at work, namely, an inst4llation of 1,000 horse power. Their earnings were limited to little more than halt a year after they had begun the trade account. The profits were so satisfactory that the di- rectors had gone forward with a good heart in complet- ing the rest of the ep:erprise. The report showed what he might call a remarkable .development of a new pro- nem, never tried before, which had been brought very quickly to a profitable stage. R might remark that they had made very satisfactory arrangements for the disposal of their product,t.le greater part of it being sold before it was made. The . amount of money spent on the works was larger than anticipated, but the works had been erected in such a way as would give them full con- trol over the manufacture for some years to come'. At ma meeting in Oatober he hoped to be able to toll the shareholders that they could pay a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per annum.—The motion for the adoption of the report was seconded by Sir Henry Roscoe, and carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON.

SLIETIN6 OIST AT WESTON.-011 Thursday morning before Mr. F. J. Norman. J.P., a man nam.d William Cook, was chard by P.C. Morris, hr sleeping out in an out building at Weston, on the previous night. Prisoner who pleaded guilty wan discharged on promis- ling to leave the town.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL VOLUNTEERS UNDER CAN

UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCES.

Whit-week has now become associated in Volun- teer circles with the annual encampment at some seaside resort. The week's cessation from business pursuits is looked forward tq with pleasure by most Volunteers, but the enjoyment of those under can- vas largely depends upon fine weather. With a bright sun and cloudless sky overhead,and a gentle sea breeze fanning the face, camp life may be said to be idyllic, but when the elements are unfavour- able, and the anticipated fine weather gives place to a boisterous gale accompanied by heavy rain,such as was experienced in the early part of this week, then the Volunteer in camp is to be commisserated. It is questionable whether a single week's encamp- ment has previously been accompanied by such un- propitious weather as has been the case this week. The Warrington and Newton Volunteers (comprising the Is; Volunteer Battalion Prince of Wales Volun- teers, South Lancashire Regiment) have this year been encamped near the Foryd at Rhyl. It will be remembered that several weeks have been spent on Conway Marsh in brigade camp, but this year a regimental camp was decided upon, and the same field is being used as on the previous visit to Rhyl. It is most pleasantly situated, and is fairly well-protected by a row of sandbonks. Hitherto the men have left Warrington for the week's encampment on a Saturday, bat this year the London and North-Western Railway Company declined to earry out their usual arrangement owing to the enormous pas- senger traffic expected last Saturday. Other battalions were in the same predicament, and the delay, short as it was, caused some annoyance and disappointment. About ten o'clock on Sunday morning, the battalion paraded in marching order at the Drill Hall. Bsfore starting for tne station the men, who numbered 490, as- sembled on the lawn in front of the Town Hall aCnrYl- 1 • panted by their officers, and before their names were called the band of the regiment played a suitable selec- tion of music, the Newton contingent arriving upon the scene under the direction of Captain Patterson. When all were in readiness the signal for departure was given, and the battalion, which was headed by the regimental and tingle bands, the former under the direction of Mr. Thotnas Armstrong and the latter under that of Bugle- Moj or Heston, marched through the large gates thence along sanky-street and Parker-street to ,lank Quay Sta. ! thn,whr...re a special train Was in waiting.A. large number of me„, waffles and children—relatives and friends of the coros—were on the platform, and when the train stkmed out of the station at 11.19, a slight cheer was raised, which was acknowledged by the waving wf hand- kerchiefs from the carriage windows. Rhyl was reached about one o'clock. The men to the number of 550 presented a very soldierly appearance in their brilli ant scarlet uniforms, and crowds of people lined the streets as the regiment, marched to the camp healed by the band, which p'aved"Ged bless the Prince of Wales" and toe" March of the Men of flarl,cl."The weather was fine on the arrival of the train, hut during the afternoon clouds gathered over the mountain tops, and towards tea time rain cornmencid to fall, and continued du:nrig the whole of the evoning wil-hout cessation The wind also blew in heavy squalls. Tile attendance is one of the largest the regiment has had under canvas The Colonel, adjutantonci officers generally .re doing all they Can to foster an increased interest lathe cause in Warringtsn. Colonel Ridsway and Captain and Adjutant F. M. Rooms, who recently succeeded Captain Silverthoene as adjutant, are particularly deserving of commendation, and it is their wish to see the Volunteers a greater force than at present. On reaching the comp the men consumed a hearty dinner of meat, potatoes, and vegetahlss, after which the chaplain, the Rev. J. J. Langharn, Vicar of Padg,ate, conducted a church parade, and offered an address. As the evoning was wet ties canteens were busy. A good nurrib,.r could not resist the temptation to stroll into town, but the majority found the Hsi le of their tents the most comfortable place of abode. Lights ware out at 10.15 p.m.

The commanding offioer is Colonel Rada way, and the other officers in camp are t—Calonel Greenall (hon. colonel of the regim int). Major Widdows, Captains Baynes, Appleton. J. D F oirclough, Ridgway, 11. Faircbugh, and. J. N. Patterson, Llentenants E. L. Fie:cher, G. R. Crnsfield, Captain ana Q 13liter:waster T. Hutchinson, Captain and Adjatant F. M. Rooms, and the Rev. J. J. la tnaharn, vicar of Padetate (act,ina. as chaplain to tha corps, is the absentee of the Rector). Mar Buck ton and Ca ptain Kletsten are ab- sent on duty at the brigade camp at Getaway. The sergeants in camp are i—Sergeani-Maj )r Ssttivsn, Sergeant-Inetrintor Barker. S ergeant-inetruntor Killen; A Complain-, Colon-Sere int Jolley, Banle-M jar Pan st,on, S.irataants Ward, Taylor, Kertnade, Ryder. L ance- Sergeants J. W. p inston, and J. Lawless, antßand- maser Thomas Armstrong and Sergeant Chapala (if the Warrington Depot); B Company Armourer Sergeant Davies, Colour-Sergeant W.Soencer, Sergeants J. Hemp- son, P. Rooke, and Lance-Sergeants F. Jones and E Howard ; C Company, grartermaster Sergeant A. F. G. Potter, Colour-Sergeant T. Moore, Sergeants T. Lee J. H. Thomas, W. Da.:ton, Lance-Sergeant E Houglitcn, and Band 'Sergeant, T. Smith ; D C ynnanai. Colour-Sergeant W. Woods, Sergeants T. Whitfield. C. 'Russell, F. Waiting, T. Conant., S ergeant-M aster Cook Thornton, Lance-Sergeants D venport, Monks, Millett, and Tickle ; E, Company, Calonr-Serneant Sergeants Stirrup, Daniels, Cliff', and Lance-Sergeant Whitfield ; F Comnany. Quartermaster-Sergeant C. Wat- mough, Orderly-room Sergeant J. T. B•rminu, Colour- Sergeant Hesketh. and Lance-qergeants T. Hunt,Herritt, 1 and Roylance ; G Cempany, Lance-Sergeants G Bailey and J. Atkinsan. The Ambulance Brigade is under the direction of Captain P atterson. whe reoarts that, the healah of the mea gensrally is go, 1. Tile c vclists are under the control of C whin Appleton, and they are ex- ceedingly useful in many ways. Signalling is else well attended to, the instructor being Colour-Sergeant Chap- man, of the Bth King's Liverpool Regiment. The meals of the men are much the same as usual. Breakfast and tea consist of coffee, bread and butter, corned beef or jam ; while for dinner hot joints and vegetables are provided. Very little outside help was introduced, the catering being done regimentally. imp usual mess tents have been erected by Mr. Cotton, of Warrington. The cooking for the officers is done by Mrs. Booth and her assistants, Mr. Smith acting as head waiter, while for the catering in the sergeants' mess the following are responsible '—The Mess P.iesident, Colour. Sergeant Willcock,with Orderly-room Sergeant Bennion as secretary, QuartermaArr-S ergeant A. F. G. Potter as treasurer,and a committee. Captain and Quartermaster T. Hutchinson, ,V.D.. and Quarter-Master Sergeant A. F. G. Potter are, as usual, in charge of the whole of the arrangements for the provision and distribution of the food. Oa Monday morning at 6.30 a.rn, the men commenced work in earnest, the first duty being the Adjutants parade,steady battalion drill being carried on until eight o'clock, when they were dismissed for breakfast. At half past ten the battalion paraded for some interesting tactical exercises. One portion of the regiment marched out into the country some few miles, and took up a good position defending the river, under the command of Colonel RidewaYi The remainder of the regiment, under the command of Major Widdows, formed into an advanced guard with their main body, and proceeded to search out this position, After coming into contact with the advance force a very spirited attack was made and successfully carried nut, and the battalion having jined furnishing advance and rear guards. It a tractive morning's work. The afternoon mwaasrcahemdoibtacinks, was devoted to battalion drill for half the regiment, and the other half was at company field training. aansistieg of attacking a position by companies, shelter trench exercises being also engaged in. Lectures were given on these movements by the captains of the companies con- cerned to their men,and great interest was tnken in this form of training, which was somewhat of a novelty to the men, and- greatly appreciated. An effort is being made to break fresh ground to some extent, and,in spite of the weather a good day's work was done. Foe cold was greater than on Sunday, and the visitors—and there were many from Warrington—had not a very pleasant experience of life in camp. Rain fell nearly the whole of the day, and the wet long grass rendered walking about a matter of great risk and discomfort. In a neighbour- ing eamp the field was flooded, and the officers had to seek shelter in town during the night. The men finished their duties for the day at 5 o'clock, many of them spending the evening at Rhyl, the entertainment at the pier pavilion attracting a large number of Volunteers and other men under canvas. The weather throughout the night was again of the most boisterous description, and rain fell heavily, the bell tents being saturated. On Tuesday morning rain fell heavier than ever. The result was that outdoor work was rendered impossible. Sergeant-Major Sullivan and Instructors Killen and Barker gave instructions to men in the sergeants' mess tents, on guard and outpost duty, Sal. The band also had a good practice, but under cover. Towards half-past eleven rain ceased to fall, and when the sun, which shone brilliantly, made its appearance, many of the men raised a cheer, and a hope was expressed that it was the harbinger of good weather. Every afternoon there has been company field training under company commanders. Captains of companies have instructed the men in shelter trench drill, digging shelter trenches, and also in attack and defence work by Companies in extended order drill. Instruction has also been given in the work of defending hedges and walls. The weather was so in- clement on Tuesday that nothing much was done except instruction in the tents by sergeants and officers. A lec- ture was delivered by the Adjutant to the officers. The officers inspected the men in the tents, and Conducted instructional work under cover. In the afternoon an

outpost scheme was carried out with much success, despite the very bad weather which prevailed. A smok- ing concert was held in the sergeants mess tent on Tues. day evening,the arrangements being successfully carried out by Quarter-Master Sergeant Potter. The concert Was well attended, and amongst those present were a number of sergeants from neighbouring tents. These

included sergeants from the sth Manchester, 2nd Volun- teer Battalion Rlyal Welsh Fusileers, and 3rd Battalion Royal Welsh Failleer.. Songs were sung by the sergeants of the detachments, and a very pleasant even- ing was spent. •Wednesthy morning again opened unfavourably. Rain fell during Tuesday night and continued with slight in- termission during Wednesday. For a short time in the morning there was a brief parade. In the afternoon there was company field training. AttAA and defence was practised by companies with blank ammunition,one company being pitted against another. The proceedings were more or less interrupted by heavy rain, and the men suffered considerable discomfiture by the continued downpour.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
INSPECTION BY COLONEL SPRITT.

[FROM OUR OWN REPORTER]. Thursday was the most important day of the week for it was on this day that the annual inspec- tion took place. Every member af the battalion was expected to be present, and those who were unable to join the camp earlier in the week travelled on Wedneeday evening. Fortunately the weather took a favourable turn on Thursday morning. Dur- ing the night and early in the morning heavy rain fell, but towards six o'clock a welcome change took place and bright and cheerful weather was experi- enced. This put the men in goad spirits and when they turned out tor the inspection they presented such a smart appearance that it was difficult to imagine that they had nad to contend with the great inconveniences of a wet camp. When our reporter arrived on the scene on Thursday morn- ing, the camp was at its best. The numberless bell- shaped tents covering tee ground looked clean and neat as they glistened in the rays of the morning sun. Although the camp was not so prettily situ- ated as the Conway still there was some picturesque scenery in the vicinity. Looking away to the south and to the east, mountain ranges met the view, and to the west was the roaring sea, bidden from view by a row of sand banks which served as a protection from the wind. To the north of the camp lay Rhyl which was reached by crossing the mouth of the river Clewyd by means of a toll bridge. Taking advantage of the fine weather the men had removed their bed cloth- ing ani mattresses from the bell tents and left them to dry in the sun. The rain, it seems, had found its way inside the tents and as the mattresses used by the men rested on the floor they had become damp. The tents were supplied by the War department, and it is a matter for regret that they failed to withstand the wet and stormy weather. By their appearance it was evident that the tents had done service for a number of years, and justifiable com- plaints were made that the War Department might have supplied stronger canvas. The Warrington and Newton men, however. fared better than some others in the neighbourhood. In other camps some of the tents have been blown away, and about 309 man departed from the Manchester Volunteer camp situated . at the north of Rhyl on Wednesday night as they were not willing to stand the rough weather any longer. At the Conway Brigade camp the weather nas also been very boisterous, and the men suffered in consequence. On Thursday it was reported teat, one of the Volunteers there had died. But despite all discomferts the Warrington men were of a cheerful diepositien, and were hoping for a few fine days before the close of the camp. Dr. Patterson stated.in reply to inquiries,that the health of the men numbering 590, has been ou the whole very good, only one man having been sent home through The Inspector of the battelion this year was Colonel Spratt of the Bth and 40th Regimental , Districts, statiened at Orford Barracks During Thursday morning and afternoon he inspected the battalion. The men formed up in parieito in the morning and were suspected in marching order. Afterwards the regiment marched to Rhuddlan, a distance of three miles where a tactical scheme was carried out. The erenerel idea of the scheme, which had been thought out by the Adjutant (Captain F. M. Boerne) was admirably conceived. The idea was that an invadiug force had been landed at Conway and was marching to seize Flint, and a defending force is cantoned in and about Rhyl. The comman- der of the defending force decides to deny the pas- sage of the river Clewyd(which is unsarpaseable be- low Rhuddlan Bridge) to the invaders and therefore posts an oatp oet line between R Iyl and St. Asaph. The Warrington volienteers were formed into two battalions—the left half earl the right half. True left half of the hatrelion under the command of Major Widdows formed a portion of tee defending force and was ordered to protect the river line with outposts from Rhuddlan village to Plas Newydd and Prevent any attempted passage of the river by a determined re- sistance along the picquet line. The right half of the battalion was under the command of Lieut. Colonel J. C. Ridgway,and it was supposed to form a portion of the invading force, and it was ordered to mike a reconnaisance in force and break through the line of outposts near Rhuddlan and endeavour to penetrate to the main body in rear to ascertain its strength, position, etc. Captain F. M. Rooms was detached as umpire, and the carrying out of the scheme was watched with interest by Colonel Spratt. The attack was carried out with great dash and spirit, but the careful disposition of the outposts prevented the attack from suc- ceeding in getting past the defenders. There was some very pretty village ilehting and also an attack on some picceeets placed in the wood. Tee defending position was too strong to, be taken and the attack tailed. After this the battalion formed up in marching order, and the men corn- meueed he return journey to camp. As the floatation crossed the bridge they presented a pleas- ing spectacle. Notwithstanding the hard 'work which the men had accomplished they did not seem to be fatigued. The camp was reached about two o'clock, and Colonel Spratt afterwards addressed the officers and men. He said he had had very great pleasure in inspecting the battalion that day. On ' the whole the manceuvres had been very satisfac- tory. Taking into consideration the wet weather the men had experienced during the week, the: marching order turn-out was very creditable. Ile did not wish them to go away with the Wert that they were perfect. There were some small points which be thought might be rectifi3d. But on the whole he was very well pleased with the manoeuvres that morning. As regarded the outposts .he could say they were very well placed. The sentries were well under cover and not too much exposed. The only thing was that the small force under Major Wtd- dowe was separated rather too much to the left as the attack could only be made from the bridge. He thought they went with toe great a force on the left. The Colonel then proceeded. to refer in detail to the attack and defence pointing out the weak points. He admired the keenness with which they attacked the position. Before .dismtssipg them. he wished to remind them that in these inspections the old form of marching past and small battalion drill were things of the past. He trusted that every effort would be made to work up the small tactical schemes which were the principal things, and that when they were in camp they would carry them out under service conditions. The men were then dismissed, and heartily partook of the dinner provided. No further parades were taken part in during the .day. Before leaving, Colonel Spratt in- spected the books of the brigade, and expreesed his satisfaction with the way they were kept.

A RUNCORN MAN DIES FROM A FALL DOWNSTAIRS. A joiner named John Harrison, 68, years of age, a native :of Runcorn, died at I the Warrington Workhouse hospital on Wednesday evening. The deceased, who had been employed by Mr. Bostock lodged at No. 13, Cloth Hall-yard, Bank-street, and on the night of the 24th May was trying to get up- stairs when he fell and injured his head and right arm. He was picked up and placed on the sofa,and as he remained in an unconscious condition he was conveyed to the Workhouse,where he was attended by Dr. Braide, the medical officer, but he died on Wednesday morning.—An inquest was held by Mr. Brighouse in the Parade Room at the Police Station on Thursday evening. Mrs. IPreston,lodging-honse keeper, Cloth Hall Yard stated that the deceased lodged at her house, and gave evidence hearing out , the facts stated above.—'llp jury returned a ver- pict of "Accidental Death. '

Tho Han. Somers Somerset, sou of Lady Henry Somer. I set while riding with his wife, Lady Catherine Somerset near Eastnor Castle, on rhursdery evening, was thrown from a horse which h j e had ust hired, and sustained serious injuries to thf! head. Lie was conveyed to the Castle in an unconscious state, and the doctors were summoned from Malvern Rad Ledbury. On Tuesday. at tae.ttoyal Palace of Varieties, South- ampton, as Mils Lottm Id aliett, a well-known come- dienne.was taking her " turn" and dancing, she sod- clerkly Blipped and fell. Tne curtain was at once dropped, but it was not then thought she had sustained any seri- ous injury. Or examination at the Roval Hants Infir- mary it was, however, ascertained that her kneecap was broken.

GLADSTONE STATUE

FOR PARLIAMENT SQUARE.

A STATUE to MIL GLADSTONE is to be erected

in PAELIAMENT-SQUA.IIII by PUBLIC SUBSCRIPTION.

THB PROPRIBTORS OF THE " EXAMINIIII. " WILL be pleased to receive aud ackno.vledge Contributions.

Further particulars of the Scheme are given in our Leader Cotalus.

VLEMENTARY EDUCATION ACT.—NEWTON- £4 IN-IMAKSRFIRLD URBAN SANT CARY AUTHORITY sorroor, ATTRNDANOR 00113111:TBR. LABOUR X. AMINATION.- NOTICES is HtERSBY thst S. L. PRIMES, ESQUIRR, one of tier Majesty's insoecmrs of Schools, will irtor.D AN RX 11,11IATION e for Labour Certificates at. the Uolberne tulle Schonl,Golborne, near Newton-le-Willows, on TURiDAY the 21st of J 1898. at 9.33 a.m. Parents desiring tbe.r children to sit (if eligible) at the abuve examination for Labour Certific des eh 'old send the names and addresses of such eh Idren to the undersigned not later than Monday. OS 13th instant. or notify the Head Teacher at their respective Schoola. W. W. SHIRLEY, Clerk to the School Attendance Committee. Town Hall, Rarlestwn, June 2nd, 1298.

WANTS!) iWustion ai 1101.181C1 sAD, 2.18. resort:7le id £lO, or as kiten or le under-holm:l2.dd, Warringt3rt preferred. Bliss TILLKTER. killyareld

WANr strung girt as chi dct ; °Lie wioa wa.sh ; R.O preferred. —Apply 3i 3 Lice,poal.

IpLA.CKPOOL. Conatortab.e A.p..rtrne.nts, one minute troll 11 set d (.lentral Station ; public or private; piaao. Mrs, Tsomis, 2, Horaby Rd.

FFOR SALM. 42 Irian St.ne PIGS. fr,at £3 each ; can biia etd during the watit.—:*&'-)113E VDILTE. Star Inn, Itainford. near St. Helena.

LlNE.3.—rittri BY tin: SITSOAY AT InteliPo.)l., vat LIVVAPOOL.

_ —every SUNDAY (July 3lst aat August li3:h excepted), commeticing SiRsIDAY, Jflsl. 133 uut,il OirOBBII 2nd inclusive.

Cheap DAV 13X3Ulti101i rICKIVE3 will be issue to Biaekpa.:l, via Ltvarpaol, as :utter : —Average sea passage 2 hours. TIMB3.

STLTIONS.

Warrington (Oentrai) deptrt 9-45 9-55 Ligerp gol (Central) arrive ...... 10-30 Passengers travet from Livervot to Blackpool and back by the new saloon steamers " GitelltlOUND or OF THS NOR CB," le tying tl,L..verpsol P:iilC andlug Stage every Sandny (Euly 31st and Angust 23t11 excepted) at 11.-0 ain. prompt, .1,11 returning fzt a B.• 1K,..,/ 31 as elver tised.

DAVID AELDRUM, Manager. Central Station. Liverpool, May, 1893.

SPECIAb OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARD& AND CHOICE

SELECNON OF BOOK

is now being offered by

rir ULARKE, " EX %MINER" OFFICE, BARLESTOWN. PERLIS tiliD Br WARD LOCK AND 13.)WDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent or 45, in the Pound.

rrHE ONLY MEANS FOit DEsritOYINO lIAIR on the face is by using AI.RI. RS ORDINARY " DRPILAPOItY," 3s. 6.1.. 00-t free 3s. 9i.; for strong hair. the illectric Appliance. 355. ; for thick hair, Cauterising Liquid." Is. Gd. ; or the German Process, Qs.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ALBb. HOSS, 62, Thebbald's Road. Holborn, London.

WEST KlRBY.—Hilbre View.—First-olass APART MEETS; eight minutes from station ; right on shore (Dee river), URIRD FISH and CHlPS.—Ranges and Potatoe Peelers also Shop on Wheels.—MlEßoT'a New 24 psg Illustrated list free.-51. Lever-otrast, Manchester.

A MNRICAN OUG&NS. Jewellery, watches, pipos, toy e CA, hardwAre, Air) ts w4nted. Buyer's Wholesale Quid free, write MCNRY MAY, Merelent, Birmingham.

1 ONDON, EDINBURGH AND GLASGOW AsSURANDR Li COMPANY:—GOOD Xliti WANTED for Warrington every asaistuace given, whole or swire time ; splendid terms —Apply, J. WHITTAKER, 79, Liverpool Ito. Warrington.

TWO Fried Fish and Ctilp Potato STOVIti for sale, a bar- gain ; also cuttee, s ales lamp, c unter and forms.-92, ICARLg-STREET, Longlight, Manchester,

i/CIIIBITION GRASS SEEDS% 1. per lb

SOW NOW.

DWARF, EVJAIIRBEN.

SOW NOW

ROBERT P. KEN. AND SONS, 11, BiISMITT-STRHHT, LIVBRPOOL,

BTSEMAIL—AN INVALUABLE OINTNIENT for Eczema and all ERUPTIONS of the SKIN; not only does it TOUCH THE SPOT, bnt rapidly removes all Blotches, and leaves no SCAR. It is highly res.mtm-nle I. In boxes Is. Id. and 2s. Carriage paid.—len t Se.scae, Kimberley House, Walton, Liverpool.

IG GLASS tt°SSEONG.IIO-10-IL-H—i'OWERUNKI,SIL N. WALES, :ES PE. VANS and MISS JONES, assisted by Miss Evellne Ireiale, 8.A... Fraulien Thumm, and others. First elms Masers. Splen- did modern mansion, standing ha tear iores of ground ; two tennis lawns, school library, gymnasium. perfect sanitation. Good modern methods. Every attention paid to the health and comfort of pupils. Very suecess.ul in examinations. For terms and;prospeaus, apply as above.

A STROLOGY FUTURB NORIM.I.O. MAW' RIA.CIB, Children, Chinges In Cireurnstanees. Jour- neys, Legacies Bm. Send Date of Birth. 12 S•ampa and Stamped Bavelope.---11r. COLE, 30, Cheltenham Place, Brigh- ton, Sussex.

Filo ALL WRO SUFFER FROM PILES.—/Idadant— i Saseba s Hemo hs alw.tys been most SUCOIIiSPCIL lit England aud AbroAd. Sufferers are QUICKLY RELIEVED. In Boxes Is. 6d. and a. 6d. ti vriage paid.--Manasc SASCHA, Kimberley House. Walton, Liverpool.

• YTHANL—BOARDING SCHOOL for GIRLS; 48,- ▪ WESTSY-STREET. Carefultratning. Highest references, MISSEB MILES.

OLD-ESTABLISHED Stallone: y, Nerrsagency, and Tay BUSINESS FOI BMW ; main thiroughfare ; good living accommodation • stock and fixturt s a bargain.— US. G. JACKSON-STREET, accommodation; Manchester.

EIIIPEIBUMATISM AND GOUT.—Particulara of cheap ..I.A, rimple and effective cure, P.O. 58.—LANNEN, 61„ Trent Boulevard, Nottingham.

nENTA, for STOPPI s.ll DECAYED and HOLLOW TEETH ; a Child can apply it; price 7d.—A. TROWER, 29, Fenchurch-street, London.

DROTECT YOUR SEEDS and PRUT.—Use good 1 GARDEN NETTING, also for Powl Runs, Pigeon Plights, so., 153 yards as.. 2 yards wide; approval.—Hilz. Hempated-terrace, Ashford, Kent.

A STROLOGY :—Your FUTURE FORETO RIAGII, Future Partner Deseribe3, Children, Jour- ne9s, Legacies, Ruing Planet, &c. Send Chte of Birth. 12 Stamps and Stamped Envelope, —Air. Leivii, 69. George.. street, Oztord. WANTED, COOKS (202). Waitresses, Under-House- maids, Cook-Generals, Nitesemnalds. 23. ALL- ROAD. Birkdale. Southport. •

BUXTON.—Comfortable Private APAIITNIENT3. west end of Broad Walk; eas7 spring terms.—Miss Luxes. 6, Belvedere Terrace.

- HOLIDAYS IN LONDON, Comfortable Apartments with meats at moderate fixed rates by day or week. Central; Clean. 41, BEBNARD.STREET, Russell Square.

Grocery and Ptovision BUSINESS To Be Disposed C &Sit of' taking £3O to £4O weekly.—G. BRADLEY, 24, .A.atert- street, Manchester.

L--; IItAPZY 13USINBSS to be Disposed of through 11l- IC I health; good window; cheap rent.—Nor particulars, Apply, 103, PARE-RoiD, Liverpool.

EX El IB IT 10N GRASS SLEDS, Is. per lb. DWARF. LVERORERN. SOW NOW.

SOW NOW.

ROBERT P. KER AND SONS, 11. BASNETT-STREBT LIVIDIPOOL.

SQi3,A. and Mountains near Lianin ino. —APART MENTS 0 board ; acres of private grounds.—Mrs. erNW.II.I. Joirss Lark Hill, Conway.

CIOMFORTABLE APART:AI-MTS. Near Sea and Station. •Moderate terms.—Mr. WiLttast 1, Foam Bank. C.l- - Penmaenmaur.

ID LACK POO L.—APARTMEN'S, Pnb'ia c". private, at Mrs. W. ROBINSON'S, 85, Coronatiou-atreet, Lau. Centrst Station ; Piano, home comforts.

BUSINSSS ; stook and fixtureg cheap ;shop and basement (going into Wholesale).—GAMßlL, 94. Oldhlm-road, Idancheetkr.

VISH, Poultry, and Ureengrooery Business : must sell; bargain ; no reasonable offer refused.— Apply IQ, st Stephen-street, Manchester.

SQWEETS, MINERALS. AND SMALLWA-RES.—Privilege , to sell anything ; rent 12s. 6& weekly cLear. No r on ab;e offer refused; leaving the town.pi—p,-..,/y 36, BRUNSWICK- eas- ROAD. Liverpool. --

stamps,H CR A Lit A. il 1 OExCLIEP. E Herbalist,S. s -------- _ 145 free. s c. 32 WalcefitehtrZopaden.nNyormanton, iorkFliire. _2--------_______ VALUABLE , Esthss.—Hundreds suocessfally oared by E AiELIB I. ILES. Well worth a %Wand a box. Soiti at Is.; post. free is. Id.; by Chemists or proprtecor.—PEDDlNG. Bonet setter, Batley.

. 4-

;

I

- 7 ' „ 1

; I

===== 0002601_18980603_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIERE IS ONLY ONE.

There is only one "First" in a race, and it is acknow- ledged -eithout doubt that GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, The Vegetable Tonic, is The Best Remedy of the Age tor I,Veakneaa, Nervoustreaa, Indigestion, Loss of Appetite, Impure Blood, Chest Affections, Low Spirits, and li.fluerzs. This remedy of world-wide fame atrengthena that part of the system which is weakest or nas been weakened by disease,and therefore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments ; it purifies the blood and stimulates the circulation, assists and pro- motes di,lestion, and improves the appetite. It braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles, rouses the sluggish liver, and thus enlivens the spirits ; it removes all im- purities and obstructions from the human boric, and gives tone to the whole system. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is purely vegetable, for the formula includes the Tonic properties of S.lrsapArilla, Saffron, Gentian, Bur- dock, Lavender, and Dandelion, in addition to Quinine. and is suitable to all ages, from the infant to the adult, and confidently recommended to those who have to devote themselves to study and brain work, to all who work Icrig hours in close rooms, to those who breathe impure air, and all who have to stand exposure of the weather. People that suffer from brain fag and sleeplessness, who feel " out of sorts " and "run down" find rapid and permanent relief from the use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. The occupations of some men keep their whole facultiee continually at their furthest stretch, and life i 4 all hurry and worry. Little wonder is it that this extreme tension leads to an unusual wear and tear of the nerves and that these hard-worked toilers require an extra sustenance for body and brain. Now, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters feeds both, and men are wise if they look ahead and preserve their strength by taking this infallible feeder to all vital powers. There are five fixed facts about this renowned preparation-Ist, used by medical profession; 2nd a purely vegetable com- pound ; 3rd, absolutely free from mercury ; 4th, tested for a quarter of a century ; sth, The Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the Nublic,but they may be classified cinder two heads :—The Res' and The Rest. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS IS TEIE BEST. Caution, beware of imitations. See that you get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, with the nme "Gwilym Evans "on label, stamp, and bottle. Sold everywhere in bottles at 2s. 91 and 4.. 61, or in cases containing, three 4s. 6i. bottles at 128. 61 per can. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it the Proprietors will forward for the above prices, carriage free. Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITIERS. GWILYU EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MABISTRA.TES.

A DRUMLIN WIFE.

On Friday at till Police Court, before the Mayor (in the chair), and other magistrates.—George and. Annie Ryder, es, Admiral-street, were summoned by Iffspector McAteer on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C.. for neglecting their two children. One was a female child 11 years of age a daughter cf the male defendant by a previous mar- riage. The other was a male child 5 years of age, a daughter of the female defendant by a former husband. —The Inspector said he went in company with P.S. Evans to the house in consequence of a complaint which had been made. When they got inside the house the female defendant was very drunk upstairs' and in a coraer of the bedroom, the father of the female defendant was lying on a few filthy rags. The whole house was in an awful state. Be went again the same night and saw the two children who were in a filthy condition. The total income coming into the house was 375. 61. a week.— P.S. Evans corroborated the first witness,and gave some further details. He said the only covering of one of the beds wb..s the remnants of an old blanket.-4 Mr. Rich- ards said the male defendant turned up his money on the Saturday night, and then he would have to go out and get food. The female defendant was never sober.—The Chief Constable said the woman was known to be a habitual drunkard.—The Bench committal the female defendant to prison for three months with hard labour. The male defendant they let off expressing the hope he Would try and improve the home. ASSAULTING A NEIGHBOUR AT WARRINGTON.

On Friday before the Mayor (in the chair) and other magi.trates at the Warrington Police Court Mary Hew. eon summoned Mary Pollard of Longford-street for assault on the I.Bth May. Mr. Browne appeared for the defendant and Mr. J. Longland for the plaintiff. Mrs. Rawson said on Wednesday night of the day in question, the woman Pollard came at her knocked her on the floor and kicked her when she was down. She had never spoken to the woman since last Christmas. In cross- examination by Mr. Browne sbe said the row began about a clothes line which had been put up on the wall of an adjoining house. Another witness was called but did not see Mrs. Howson struck. Mr. Browne said it was purely a neighbours quarrel. Neighbours always quarrelled about children or clothes line and in this case it was about a clothes line. He called for the defence Mrs. Forster who kept a shop at the corner Longford-street.She said that Mrs. Howson had cut Mrs. Pollard's clothes line. She saw the defendant go up to Mrs. Hewson, and shake her and call her "a bad old faggot." There was no kicking or striking at all. Mrs. Fiddler of Longford-street corroborated this evidence. The bench fined the defendant 5s and costs.

EXCURSIONISTS LT BANK QUAY STLTION.-A TASTI FOR

Tom- Arors.

At the Warrington Police Court, on Monday morning, before Mr. F. Monks (in tie chair) and Councillor Smethurst, William Hill, 104, Edith-road, Birmingham, and Robert Hardman. 6, Bridge-street, Birmingham, both young man, were charged with stealing from some baskets on tho platform of the London end North-Wes- tern Railway Station at Warrington a quantity of tomatoes, valued at 63., the property of the company,— William H. Shakeshaft, telegraph clerk at Bank Quay Station, said he saw the two defendants standing over the baskets, and he called Inspector Blaydon's attention to thern.—.Tohn Blaydon, traffic inspector, said that fourteen Fsaakets of tomatoes were taken front a London train at 2,35 a.tn.a and placed on the platform. About • 3.12 an excursion train from Birmingham to Blackpool ,topped et the station, while the tickets were collected, minute er two later the telegraph clerk called his attention to the fact that several of the passengers were regaling tomatoes from the baskets, while ethers from the train were encouraging them. Witness watched for a while, and saw the two defendants take tomatoes from one of the baskets. He took them into custody.—John Howello, detective inspector,who conducted the prosecu- tion, said he took the lads to his office, and told them that they would be charged with stealing the tomatoes. Hardman said" I only took four. I bought them for a penny from a boy on the platform." Hill denied that be took any. Hardman, before being brought to the police station, gave a wrong name and address. Oa the baskets being weighed, fifteen pounds of tomatoes were defi- cient. —The Chairman said the defendants had evidently taken the fruit on the impulse of the moment, and as, to a certain extent, their holiday had suffered, thsv would bo fined in the lenient amount of 21. 6d. each.—The fines were paid, and the excursionists afterwards resumed their journey to Blackpool. MINOR CASES. WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair).Aiderman Roberts, Couneillor Smethurst, Dr. Gornall, and Mr. James tlep- herd MIS 2STES APPvAusoveg.—Michael Board for being drunk and disoederly In Prier's Green at twenty minutes to twelve ' on Thursday night was fined 51 and costs. The Chief Con- stable said this wse his 28th appearance. NICOLECT or CHlLDREN.—Margaret Ann Deloose, 47, Foundry street, was summoned by Inspector Meateer fcr the B.S P.C.C., for neglecting her tour children, John, William,. Maggie. and Joseph, ranging from nine to siste-n years The Inspector's evidence was that he went on the 21st May to the house in company with P.S. Evans. The children were In a filthy condition and insufficiently olothed.The house and bedrooms were filthy. They called an two later occasions but there was no improvement. —Police-Sergeant Bvans corro- borated the Inspector's evidence. —John Delooze, the hus- band of the defendant, said his wife was a drunken woman. Everything she could lay her hands on she spent for drink.— Charlotte Pownall, Eylands-yard, a witness called f.,r the de- fendant, said the children were well Ilfed but they were so rough they could not be kept Clem.—The Bench adjourned the case for • month to see If there wasiany improvement. SATUZDAT.—Before Mr. R. T. Fairciough(in the isir),

and Councillor Hayward. - - BREACH Or THE Prucx.—Margaret Ann Delooze. 47, Poundry-street, pleaded guilty to this eharge on the 27th May. The evidence was that on irdav, the thy in question, at 11.25 a.m, after the defendant had left the police court, she proceeded down Irlam-strect,where she met her husband, and began to use very had language towards Wm.—The Bench bound her over for three months, and she was fined the posts. DEERE AND Dlsonnalti.E.—Thomas King (who comes from Hatton) for being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket- street at 12 o'clock on the 27th last, was sent to prisou for seven days. MONDAY—Before Mr. F.Mou,ks (in the chat) and Councillor Smethurst.

PL -1;s-iiti-im."7—eorge Alfred Dougla, s lasTtlf°roumAE F 1 trOiRncAh7mI.FWE a 6 ci Wee charged with deserting his wife and two children at Warrington. leaving them chargeable to the common fund, of the Union. —Mr. B. Shear,. relieving officer, proseeuted.—Pritioner pleaded guilty. end promised. if d scharged. to NV the cost of the maintenance.—Mr. Shearer said this thing had been going on for years. and pressed for a ennvietion.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month with bard labour- - WEENE9DAy.—Before Messrs. John Fairclough (in the chair). J. Geddes, and T. Birchall. HIIIIBAND IND WIFE AT VARIANCE. —ThOrtiFtS Rutter, Mersey-street. was charged on a warrant with assaulting his wile, *try Ann Rutter, on the 30th May. A cross-summons

latb IRDS. ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, AND mounted in Glass Cases any design. MUDS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Deals in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' saws. Butterflies, Birds' Bggs, Glass shades, Stags' Beads. Cabinets. Store Bores. Nets and all requisites for Butterfl Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Rewh •street, "Liverpool Betablished 24;years. aw.- midl Fgg Collectors.—E. COOKE,

was also tsken out. Mr. Browne represented Mr. Butter.— Mrs. liutter grated that on Ilan.day ingot she weal to Mil Wrens. art husband had been &mania all day, and what late returned bailie, at 10.30, ill kn.:iced her, *Lai she had to go to the hiiarQdy. Uu tusd Liar ens nad been drinising all night It was lloL his lir,t off _nee, it WAS a regular thing." 1 our never oht all.r-h“ik 13 ataiwy um.—ily slr. nrorrde ! Sto..ter behlun inint.rutot position at the worts, at which he 1 *as engage', and enAted to live nearer co them bad. in a inure res,..e4taine nugtwouritxxl. Ina Wore COU:d.Ot go OIL Without ban. 0114 insisted Oa dying in St erse.-stre. t near to her muthar. oho was nut la Lila n wit ot t.arowing mugs at her ltuaticsiad aud bLeating 1 .:.eirce oa 11,S Lead, neither striking him on tha uoad WILLI a poker.-4r. nrowne said she would nut gut LIS UlOala ready Oa Moudey OligAL 000 throw WM., insigi at nun and Int hi,a 6,Aftle tunes on the /lead witu a plaas:, G.I=.OWItO Wags Oa 1118 110441 Wed. dile also pulled :nal out ot tied itald tore ins awn. stutter s..ggested that tie 8114u..1 hat and live nearer 1111 VlOnki. 'l:aouleas stutter said lasi, Lel uad only on* meal, ou Monday. at ..d.4ok 10. 144 toLlad lior in toe heren ,ais." one throw ..up at inin awl • laid oil Will) blle poaer."—The.Mairman muui.sad butli tkises. and said urink had had a good des. io do Waal Latta.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
WAKKINOTUN COUNTY YErLIC SESSIONS.

WEDN.V.s.DAY —Beturelr thaudd Ato^Lia ,he choir), Mr. JostAu...l2 Ball.,acd 4r.luha rthtd. _ .

LICE249.IO3.—AIur) Davw.applial toe the trouster Of the liedrian ot Ule op.rLflLL eer Howe, p.a4etti, troth Juseoa LLIVICS (de3es.c4tsl)—gr4us,Al.—.l.lalllll.4. &Antra :44,464 tor tile trAuster o cite D.C./A:43 1.1/ LLB I.4.lWuaig Ureaa, frooi her p,evtous liaunat, lidtd uu-1414.1.11G01.' DALAI( Al:OD M.oaaaho.Y.—Tue toliowitig Were filled for this utfeooe. itohort aud dalalld.ll Wiattleid, at Wootstuo, ao tcli minute: to eleveu 00 the algah ot the 44r1 64. Lad costa eacu. Julia rAULIL.Id. ou Liao 14to 4.4 y, at Burcou Wouti auct Load 3. _ _

iJILUNIE uN THE ateawAr.—Joha Russ. for being drunk on Lie Alga way, at 4co moo* on Wet I.OIAI .ttay. ~anYesy, was nada Os. --4105epu nuu..utit, tor tb., sumo off 4n.,e iu arriu_wu-fo..u. reuainh, on Lase 44.44 .day. w4a dual 54. and. coma. _

DUOAI LABaa.—Tboalaa Lieury Tomlin:on. for alla.vlag tno nog to by .6 lar‘e wi..11,.:ut £fIUZZ. 04 Um Wm May, al, iturtou oud, was uued ha. tia. IN CSLatia: Vitra..)ur ..,UNricoL.-4iohael Smith, for orlag 1.. uh.trge u. a horse and lu:Ly u utoCk on Lu.: I:th Kay, 7116b0a6 proper 00atrol Over rue horse, was fiued a. od. Vu deltucla.a,h.ui tO real. Mt:toned 60 the hozse.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
DAL-01,61313111 I',ELE ogiwaSS.

TUlSD.l.7.—Befura Mr. Wilaada Lout; (HA 'an chair), and Messrs. eury lie 4 Alec Dm 1, dervay r. .I;a4uus. Wi unorge Rodger.

FINED Fon BEING WlTuoux LLORlS.—Williand Good- mono, 4, !soundly-street, Warruaginn, was summoned fur not ne.Ving • iigh.al letup attached to a veinole in which he was driyiog in ~do-laiussou-aviso, Otocatou Autie st cf.ho ~.in, cu oiaylit. the ounstame said tostendmt, bu Leo lamps, but neither was news& Ahe Magistrates 4.Mara said toe time tor dishciug was 0,2.). L/eleudaut said he tried to get back home Wore that time, but unnd au.. He Guereture A hide in 276iliciewliuhisanuopr,se,eds latoluagert endwre7laVelarlrgeell‘e4ud"Y. iuber of similar caste. Vines la 6.1 were Wild ed on Wji.i4ln 1"3,,w-a "" Stephens, at Hetsoy ; Pierce Dye. idt. Helens; "' '"„ wsja w a s'"- wriliguaams . At' 112, ri:aV Ho gt.a"iie, l‘tre' Warrington, Appleton ; and of Is 406.1•41 Miller. Higher Wnicley, Henry Long, eab drier. Warring' too, and uharies Kershaw, re arriugton. FARMERs eINED PUR oTRA.TINO LIATTLE.—Job Poweil, Scotch lane, Serail Oaks. was summoned be allowing three cows to stray on the highway at Seven Oaks on iday It was stated in evilence that the cows were on the deal, and deleadant's son was riling on • bicycle a short dustan e away.—Defend ant said it was toe custom to alle.v the cows to goon the road. His tarot was a very near one. He was not aware that he we breaking the law.—The magistrates took a lenient view of the case, and fined detndsut, in the cost', 3s. 64.—Alfred 'LW., Little Leigh, was Aged in the costs for allowing five cows to stray OIL the highway. and John Fryer. Old Farm, Moore, WA& Slued ss. fir all swing toren calves to Okay ou the HatlCOru-rosd. it Was stated that defeudant had been cautioned several dines. OBsTRUCELNG HILOILWLY AT WALT4N LEA FLOWER SHoW.—GeOrge atobrn, eau driver, of Warrington, was slam- monad for obstructing tile free passage in a highway at Wel- toil on April 24th —aergeant Gosling said that on that day Mr. Crosfield had opened nis inc toe inspection Of tide public. dlof detendant was in charge of a 'bus orawa by 3 horses, and oa tOOO sea...ate occasions refused to comply with witness's instructions, and be ides taking alt advantage • of other drivers Ware he °beano:ea the highway. Deienilaui . who denied that he obstructen the road, wss tined 5s and costs.—Percy WOOCIS Was fined Si and coats tor a slmtlar! offence on the same date and at the same ;Noce. Sergeant Gosling proved the case. A IdfONLOILT oCENE ON STOCKTON HEATH BRIDGE. Frederick Kent, a youth, living at ::!tocktou tie .th, was sum- mon, d tor committing a breach of the peace by lighting as Stockton Heath on April 23rd.—sergeant Gosling salt he told received sevral complaints that late on Saturday night young Irishmen who were returning front the town were ildreated by gangs of youag med.audou this night he went specially to see it he cottld detect anytu ng of the kind. Aouat twelve o'clock he was at the Twenty Steps Bridge when he heard a crowd of youths coaling along drilderapoof road singing. shortly after they Came in sight, defendant and three or four others waike.l across t 0,1 to borne young hishmeu, who were walking qu.etly home, and delendent kiaooseij ours of the men down. He saut • get up and t will give you some more." tie struck the man ag On twice. When wit- ness spoke to him he sal m.n itsi:tasauLted him down the road. —Deieno mill eidd Lie was not W.tia any crowd. He was going home alone when the Irish:ilea icuuciced inoc him and afterwaras struCa hi.n. tie admit ad Gnat he ram atter him and " stru k him in sed-Oetenco."—Deleudant was or- dered to pay the cost, and Wed bouad over to keep the peace for three months.

A Moons t'AesIER FINED P.M CEITELrY.—John Fryer, old Farm. Awn, was cliarked with having cruelly I,ltreated a horse at Moore on the and of April by woraiitg it while in an unfit couditiou.—lnspecwr Ureatrex.of the said be was on duty near toe farm, and s w defend at in charge of two horses attaMot to a heavy faros cart. Ha noticed that the trou animal was going very line, tad 0,1 examining it be fauod it was patufu,ly lame Detendint's horse was an aged animal, lit very poor coadition and ex es- sively lame on the at-bin .1 Robinion gave cor- roborative evidene,.—John Dixon veterinary surgeon Warrington, said he had examined the horse, it we.. un- doubtedly lame, the roatilt of au injury at some time or another. It was II:/t fit for laborious Work. L WAS in fair condition. -Delen mat conteniest the am nal w„ only a little stiff, and mind Alfred Forster, an enap.oye, who bore out his stat .ment.—The Ufa !maw said the ease had been Carefully consilered, and the inegistrales Could not disabusa their minds a the fact that there hid ti.eu It might have been unknown to defendant,b4c the horse was evtdermy unfit for work. He wou,o, De hued

A PALTRY Casu.—Juldu aie.sry Noicott, Isriner, anat Samuel Litter were sum monosi by Ana .1;10Ale forbreaking quick-set hedge on tie: propecty i doing a .setinyworth of clarnage.—Mr. A. Browne, Warilagton, appeared for the defeune.—Chules Percival, farm bailiff, BALI he saw Littler trying to pull ths Lncs down. &/.i ha alter ...arils got over Mr. Brcwne sat t the ease was a very paltry one gr. Nor. cotes and Mrs. Tickles land adjoined dr. 4orc4tt intended to erect a new fence, all on this day he and Litter went to take the measurements. -- The °ass was dismissed No ,ftrafeDlCTlOL—Joseph Caldwell wit summonsd for assaultinii John ...Alton Longshaw at StoOktou Heath on May ard, and id a cross-swum° .8 Longshaw WAS enlarged witti having assisult,:d Caldwell. -.Mr. A. Browne appeared for Caldwell. and Loogsltaw was represented by Mr. Yorshew.— Mr. iforshaw said that Longshaw was putting some netting in, the garden frontuag his aunt's house, when Caldwed told him 1 to desist,. He refused, and Laldwell threw a roll of nettin.e out of the garden. tie afterwards struck Longshaw a violent blow in the face, and forced ode of ilia teeth tot' his Cheek 1 He then got hid of him and thrashed hirit mat unmerci- fully.—Mr. Browne said Caldnell's coutentiou WM that LOU.] thaw had no right to pit the netting in the garrieds which belonged to his (Caldweli's) uncie, ile rallied en oujection to the case proceeding, on the question of title.—Mr Forshiw said the garden Was in ths occupation oz his clma4's aunt.— Mr. Brown : In our occupation too.—Hr. Greenish (magis- trates clerk) : You will nave to take it to tile County Court. —Mr Forshaw : We have been assaulted. It doe, not matter where. —Longview Kaye evidence. and Mr. Browne again pressed th questioa of title.—On the ad ice of their clerk the magistrates stated that they had no jurisdiction. lue Mczztt.no ORDER. —For allowing a dog to be at large unmuz2led or without colter bearing his Ram and address at Moore. George Wilcock, 112, Atherton-strest, B ink Q was fined 2s. 61. Malvin WiTlfouT RElNS.—Robert Cannon, Acton Bridge Mills was fined ss. for driving two hor,e3, attac Ad to a lorry, without 'sins, at tsartliigtOn pa April 10th.

RUNCORN POLICE coußr. TUESDAY—Before Sle,ars. James Handily, and P. Spealtutau. TRlNSFER.—Thelicenee 01 the Cornwall and Devart.hire Arms was transferred from John Bos.ock Forester to Sarah Ann Urmson. ALLEGED INDECEN ASSAULT.—WiIIiam InAtte was charged on remand with assautting Slar;tt Wilde, at Runcorn T on the 2Sth of May last. Go' rup!aillant gave forruAl evidence that the offence was commatel la Princess-street. -The prisoner was remanded until Friday. UNLICENSED PEDLA.E9.—Joeepti Dickson and Thomas Greg. lOU were committed to prison for seven dos for Da4stag as pedlars without a liaense, on the 28th May, in Runcorn.--Tha offences were provelby P.U.'s Greg iry and Upton. BRUNE AND DISORDERLY —tiChall Morrie. chirge4 With tb;s offence by P.O. Upton. wai sent to gaol for 14 aays with hard labour.—The °facer said the offence was committed in Marsh-street. at 7 oUlaca on the previous night.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND COUNTY CHESHLRE ASSOCIATION.

SECOND TEAM COMPTITION3.

, WARRINGTON SOUTH • AS2TOI-ON-WERSEr.—Played over the turf of the Friday Club, at Old Trafford, with seven sue- cosecs for the Lancashire side and Ave for the Cheshire teun, and won by eight shots. Mr. J Blat( well referee. Sums : WiIittLNOTON SOUTH. ASILTON-ON-XESSEY. W Simister D Daniels II Fogg 2l J. Brovrnbill .1 Worsley 2l J Holt ' J Gibson J Howarth - 9 G Place 2l d Watkins 2l J Lewthwaite 2.) W Gibson J Bird l4 J Wainwright W Byes 9 r V Hyde 2l d Harrison l4 J Tolt J Jones

--- NEVI TON-LE-W ILLOWS v. BROUGHTON LIMITED.--PlAyed over the orla Green, at Urmston. witn nine WM for Newton. and a vlotory by 40 points. Derails, I— NEWTON. J Liptrott 14 T Charnley 2l T Harrison P Clarke . 2l F Lamb ........................ 14 ' It Davies I C H Boanitt I 1'2221 JYULa0aryrrn1yeb.........................................................................".. 1129 ri Itylanee 6 W Fairclough 21 T Hargreaves ...... ... ......... 16 W Lipirot D Davies 21 a Brokenshire ............... 13 T Ellam 2l la Foxley ll T Eiorse

===== 0002601_18980603_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1898

ST. PAUL'S V. LoVELY-LASE—This match was played o a tb 3 grsund of the fatter on Monday, and resulted in a win for the visitlrs by 9 runs. &ore ST. PAUL'S. LoVELY-LANE. F Gardner 4 Itoraphreys ... 2 Cleave b Barker Btrker b Nom !voys 9 Flawthlra run out Trovr b liumphr .ys ...... .. 0 Gerrtrd b Gardner Dawson c Cartwri.tht, b .1. Bellield b ('row Humphreys ......... ....... 1 Wooley c Tow b Btrer 2 Swift b Humohrers A. ltarduer man oaf, . 2 Bullen c Dawson b _ _

J tVard. b Iluinph-evs ...... 0 Barker A' len b Humphreys ... ..... 4 Humphreys b Barker l'.rker b Tom:inson Waywell b Humphreys l2 Cartwriaht b Baker tilyd nit out Extras lO Extras

Total 49

Total

WARM VG'IV eOl, t OF: v. CO- (1` EMPLOYRS.— P,...ye .1. on q'tteadly aft erroaa et ClAlton Bank, and resait d in awh for the Co-o-e.ative huiolmes by 44 rune. S?ore : -

Pox. Tc-c. •EmPr.orxs. S,ewar'. a Zquinson b Kay 2 Few b Stturi, links 13 ii.tv ll Albirtsca c BArraLt 1) _ . _ .

13- t‘iley ia Robinson b Kay 1.4 Newey if t`lingsviorth c Robinson b Kay b Newey Kiy 3 Ford b Newey 34,ans b Kay Neinv b ItowbAtorn Ito llcins bK ty Pennington c RoWisson b Braliey Kay 13 irne: t c Butner b Kty Whittaker ni:i; mit _ B_ . 17

Dennett b Rowbottom Taykr run out 7 Extras 2 Extras

Total ..... 5, Total EtriLE3rOVV:i v. LEIGIEL—Phyad at Leigil on Satu:day. Score :

PART.FSTOWN. LEIGH. II usbA, d b Wit iacns T Nfarsh b Bunn N Fore can b ,villia ns

....._ _ —..—.. F -P Clare b Millar/is 2.i bJ Marsh W It Crowther b Wrillams 0 Williams (pro) c Hipwood W Hatton b Williams l4 b J Marsh F Butler b VVilliams WJ-nkinson b Williams ... 0 Hin.lley b Jeukinson J Marsh b Bunn 3 Bunn b Jankinsoa C Hipwood b Bunn 3 Unsworth b J March 8 T Mitciell not out Smith bJtmainson Hilton b Jenkinson.... Extras

Total 59 Total 153 IrauLEsTows 2ND V. Luca( 2ND.—Played at Earlestown en Saturday. Score E MIL EST." .st. LE IGII. T H Iforrobin b Harrison... 2 V Heade b Darbyshire 3 A Lee b Harrison 3 J ,aainwright b 9 H W J Derbyshire b Hattpn 9 Williams l5 9lt Willdims b Hatton 0 H Day es b Darbyshire... 11 J Bellamy b Harrison 2O A Li nsnd o Lee b S H 'r W Ratoliffa b Lirnond T H Jackson b Lemond l7 J Sanders c Hall b W Hall b Burrell Williams o Harrison b J Burrell not out 2B Burrell... 0 R Robinson c Hall b B Holden c Davies b Ratcliffe Burrell 0 0 Hill° and b Williams... 3 Darwell not out b Ratcliffe 7 Hatton c Ratcliffe b Williams ... W Harrison did not bat Extras 9 Extras . 7

Total 9l Total 1./.T..L9EIt V. WIDNEs --ayel at Whines on Saturday. B.othertun and Nelsoo played a grand innings. Nelson took three Wickets for three runs. A drawn gains resulted. Score

ws.T.LASEY. WIDNES. Nelson b Wall 2B Gardiner b Povall Kaye b WWI ..... ..... ..... ...... 8 MetPalf b Brotherton... Brotheriarj not out... .iogserville b Vall ... 0 Povall Povall bJo les Br ,itiswaite b Jones Lovett bli Iwirds Arrnlsteld C Wright b Wall 7 II Wall, D Jones. Twiss, wittcr not oot 9 J Wrigbt. and JII G ti Dawson and Calvert 6initli .Id not bat did not bat

lixtr-as

Extras 1

Total RUNC 'MI "A" V. HALEBLNIC. —Played at Runcorn last Saturdly. The batting of the home team showed marked imp •overnent. Haves rye, Cl:esters and (Omen doing well. On the vtsimrs side nothiug remarkable was seen, but the bowing of Bee was good. Score : RUNC tin/. HSLEBANK. Wright b 13.8 Flow.vd b Be ' Nixon 0 PVC 2 A.:rams b Bee ['ye cant Bls Bettley e Dufty b Bee Leathwool c Sparks , b Been Pre b Vireatt 3 Tharme Hayes c Smith b The l5 Daintitb run out 0 Green b Bee lO Tharrne lbw b Wright 1 Ch-Aers not out lO Bargess c Abrams b Pye 0 Fo rester b Ratcdffe 0 Dully not out Davies b Bee 0 Extras 1 Extras 2

HEL9Br V. Total 73 Total SELlM.—PlayedAt Frodshma on Saturday. on . Score:—

713,0DSHiM. HELSBY. Norris Jones b Harnaman 10 Crosland b Wilford Ai.hton b Bretherton 2 Fed ten c and b Raiford 0 BostAn • Frill b Nixon 6 Cob lbw b Halford 3 Colson b Nixon h; H Linaker c th•JslAnd b . Lin .ker If xrnaman... .................. 0 Nixon c Webb b Halford 6 0 H Lin iker b Nixon lO Bretherton c Ashton b Kennerley c Huntington b Hahord Nixon Haiford b Bretherton lO Linaker Selby b Nixon lO Taylor run out 0 Price n A out 7 Huntington cc H N Webb b Nixon Harnaman l Halfoid Turner not out 0 Extras... 2 Extras

Total 66

Total

===== 0002601_18980603_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

ORICKBTBR3 t BUSHEY'S Demon Driver Bate are tli %.J gr tnclest made. Busse:re New Aftateh Balls retain their ehtpe, and list longer than ay other. HUSSEY'S Leg Dumis are exiseptioaally gu-id. HUSSEY'S Batting Dioves are ter superior to the usual class. i3usseir'B Bags are made to Well*. BUSHEY'S Diarr ant Ooraps tiod is a Den for 61 Apply for Bussint's Oatalszue from Loatt Spore Outfitters, or 68 and 33 Queen Vict:iria-street, London. Factories, Peckham, Loudon ; and kniwell, Suffa.k.—Aist. 4

WARRINGTON V. BOOTL2 —The Warrington team was again bdly beaten on liatarday when they eiv_a{ed the BoAle :cam at Bootle. Score acid bowling analysis :

WARRINGTON. BOOTLR. Chewlis c Joaes b Price l5 A liHacleay riti 0ut...... 18 W HPodmme b dnab..b LO F C Johnson b Connor— 4 J b erica ll W Spence e Podmore b ▪ C ninor c Pr:ce b Smith 5 ThewLis ............ 7 G (Marks a Prie b Smith J. Price° Clarke b Thewiis... 5'4 ▪ W Babv b Price l3 T Johnson lbw b Bibby 10 Ar L S,lcock st Josses b It WlMuni not out lB

Smith G tiampeon b Price 9 Bibby R Sibrock b Airey C 11_ Uaiworth a Jones b

P-ice ........... 0 II it livaos not out 0 Extras

Total BOWLING ANALYSIS. WIREILNGTON. BOOTLE.

o. M. E. W. 0. M R. W. Prial l9 7 26 5 14 Conner... 14 2 54 1 Airey BE 5 15 .1 Tb wtis ... 12 2 44 2 11 5 26 4 J W Bibby 6•3 1 19 2 Abey bowled ano ball. W &Sllcook 6 0 36 0 Sathh three wide,. W fi Pod- more 4 0 27 G ... 6 1 21 0 WAMBINOToN 2ND V BOOTLE 2:io.—Played at Warrington on 4aturd.ty.and (=dad In a draw. Ocoros

-13.30TLE , WARRINGTON. Wi!eon b Morigin SohwAtzr b Marion—. ..... 16 Crompton b Elates l6 Ploughavm b lorgan ...... 43 Morgan b Bates ' 12 Bates b Adamson ............ 31 Plerpolnt run out l4 Sean,n. o !Nekton b Adam- _ Walton not out 0

7 Roberts. Platen. Hayes. Wilson b Ferpoint 23 Garnett. Wright, and Costaln h Morgan l2 Richardson did not bat. Hoyle cant b Pterpolnt 4 Fitzgerali b Pierpoipt.: 2

Burliest a Garnett- b Pier- point Smith not out.. Matra' ll nitres ...... 8

Total 163 Total (3 wickets) 99 CIIESHIRE LINRS HNGINEKSS V. ST. ELM:I./I.—Played On Bnameers groan& Score : ENGINEERS. ST ELPHIN*S. liackt.tt b alley 4 Zones II P Lawless 0

T Duckworth b Riley Irvine b Searisbrick 23 Riley bJ Lawless P Lawless b Riley 1 Norman lbw b P Lawless 7 3 Brown a Lodge b Searisbrick b J Lawless ... 0 Rearishriex Sidasil lbw b Lodge 7 ato•tirner run out ...... ... ... 6 Joseph Genders run out 9 Beardsall b P Lawless 6 Nevins not out, J L:wless not out 7 J Bunn b Dock Worth ... •8 li Wilitharn did not bat... Bibby (.üb) noi.out J. Lawless did not bat Extras

(Tnninscs elosed)for 7 wkts 17:4 Tots' 7l ongsa, T.114E4 FOGIVERRI 2ND V. VIOCKINGX Eves BitestoN Ism—Played at Aspley on the Mission s•round:

. - MISSION. - - ENGINEERS. . nale b Brown 4 Deeley run oat 0 Edwaris run out Rardinß o Geniers b 4end-rs rs Pirtle nosron Williams b Dseley Pirtle b Deebsy Hasn't h Deeley 3 Ha tkett b Hassell lO Tilling b Brown Unsworth b Dsebsy 2 Crozier b Hassell Hough o Robinson b Decrier 4 Johnstone not out ...... Pdonks o Genie-s b Brown 3 Blerstlith b liassall Beaman not out 4 _

Extras

Extras

TOAI

Total.— ...... 33

ARPLIET EXCELSIOR! V. WORKING MICN'S -41.4311 N 21,11). This match was played on the ground of the latter on Mon- day. and resulted la a win for the visitors by 2 runs. Score:—

...,..... . woexive xxx's MISSION, 2ND. ARMEN EXCET,SIORI. Cox run out, Williams a& b ,1 Dutton 0 If Dutton b Dunn ...... ... 7 Riker bit DOI.= 0 Bowen b Dunn 0 Cla-e b A Dutton Dunn not on' Best 0 3 ?doortleld b if MOOlll4l o and b Dutton 2 Dutton &miter b A Dutt3n ......... 0 A Duttln b Dunn 3 Cook is H Dutton Hou!h a A Dutton is H A Moll-field bA. Duan 0 Dutton Stringe o Woods b A Dutton If Cook b li Dutton Extras

Total SANICRY WrIT KUM V. PADGA.TB.—ThIe matsh was olayei on i.turd sv on the round of the former, ad resulted in 5 Vein for the home olub by 31 runs. 3 Nyans. Gavel!. and Lieweityn hatted well fsr ths home t.arn as also dld Boyd for Vie visitors. S itobsua l”wied well for the Wire Mills, taking sic woke. for 14 runs. score:— .

.. WIRE MILLS. PADGIITE. Simpson b Ntonki Wo , tro3k b Dawson ll son lO It Co,k e W Howard b Monks o Marshall b Hob- Monks ll eon 2 Lavpil nand b Monks !EI G auger o Llewellyn 0 Evans b Hutchins C arke b Hutchins 8 Taylor 0 and b Hobson... 5 II C ,ok b Hutchins Marshall e W Howard b Dliworth b Llewellyn 7 nil worth Llewel an no out l3 Grounds o Cook b Hobson 5 Hobson b Hutchins Kenwrisht 0 smith b Dawsou not out Monks Extras 3 Bztrae

Tali 95

Total 65

SANREr WIRE MILLS V. ARLET.--Played at Arley Park on Monday. Th. home tam batted first ad were tiuloicly dig. posed of fat nine runs. IC nwright and Simpson were in good form with the ball. Score 1— •RLEV. WIRE MiLLI. Smith o Marshall b Ken- 11 Cook a Staff b G Orton 6 wright G Orton b Simpson Nelson a Williams b Simp- Bvans, Navel. Cook son / Orton b Simpson ... Crispin b Konwright - Valley lbw b Simpom 0 Lever b iilmpsOn Willi trns not out tirav h !Cartwright o SlAff h Ken wright 0 Masson lbw b Simpson /sxtr ts

TotAI 3ANICNY WIRE MILLS V. VADGATE (2ND HI,SVENS).— Plaril at Palicate on istardsy, and resultet In a will for the Mire Mills by 20 rule. Sore: - 4ankey Wire Mills M ; PAdgete 34. ST. JAMES'S V. J. Hewn' WIDNES 'WAVES. —,it Widnes on Satorday. Meeornasett for it Junes's tlok!4 wickets for 10, and Winetanley 3 for 2. Score : - ST. .T4X2i'B. J BIUGGe' ELEVEN. Ellison b 11111 Newton b Hill .. ... white b Golden 0 musk Patrick b Hill Leet,r b G ,iden 1 stanley . B de b Hill ' 6 Goldel b Horst Scott C and B Hill . qorst b Ashworth Winstanley b Hill 6 Hague b Wiustanley ......... 5 Mee,rlnslk run out .... Glea. e not out 0 0 Hill b Lester... ........... El Lunt b Winstenley ......... 0 T laolden b McCormank 8 Extras 3 Extras ... .......... 4

Tat! 54 Total ......... 50 ARPLEY v. LYg 3R&MMin Scninot —At Arpley on Saturday. Lyndnd batt 'd drat, and started wel, scoring 29 for one wicket, but after this little else ws, aolle and the whole siip wee out for 48. Arpley eteei badly. seven raen being out for 33 but Houghton and Fennelly got togeth,,e and showing ‘lifferent fo^m "died 22 rums for the seventh wicket. floughtoa soorwi 20 and the winning bit in splendid style. The Innings closed for 65. Score 3 -

... ! LYDIN G:: S __....... ........ ............. ARYL EY. 5 Jewks b Thope , Smith run out e, , H m 9 1) Pllnton b Hobson obs. b Crank . a P.m9 b 0 auk B,lerlsy bJ W P1ii1et0...n..... l2 i'horPa IThorpeb Crank 4 s W P,insron b Dobson— 6 Willisms b D Plinston 3 NlicConnachle o livens 2 Dutton 0 Brierley b Parrs rim out 0 Dobson Saville b D Plin.ton ChalßP c Jewkes b 1) Houghton a and b Dobson 20 Plinston 1 Crank b Thorpe 4 Wit Bvans no.. out 0 Yeunelly b istyl le Bev. Braes run out ......... 1 Hind o Thorpe b M t:a illes 9 H Plinston not Out 0 Extras 7 lixtras 4 Total 46 Total .............65 BUCKLEY-firRRET StranaV SCHOOL V ST. ANN'S.—Played on the ground of the latter on ;3aturday. Score : ST. asN'S. BUCKLE STREET. Knight c Appleton b Wald h ktarri.on 0 Spruce 23 Haddodc t, Jolley 2 Jolley, lbw b Leech 3l Spruce b Harrison Taylor e and b Spruce Butterworth b Spruce Harrison b Sprucd Belsworth b Spruce 2 Pugh a Butterworth b Dykes h Jolley 0 Harrison Whittaket a Leech b Kimberley n II trrison b bpruce 2 jo ley Whittaker b Jolley 0 F Leech a Harrison b Garton not out 6 Jolley Benoett b Jo.ley 0 Houvhton it laylor b Harrison 4 H Leech not out Extras 2 _ Total 73 Tots! 69 .=

RAVE YOU BAD HEALTH! Sufferers fro= Urivei, Lumbago, Piles. Pans in the Back Dr°l33Y, Wind and Water Complaint, UtseasPs of Xi ,neys. Bladder. Stone, Sciatica. Rheumatism, and Goat will find a positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small b‘lg aud If nut satisfied your money will te returned. Prices is. lid.. of all Chemi.ts. or post free for 12 stamps. .r”nk HOLDIWYD'S. Medical Hall. Clickheaten. Yorks. Sold at 35. Bridge-street Warrington. Ihn't Oe pat off. If yi eennot get them write to the Proprietor and a b..)7 lli 40 .lant next pest—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A. GENERA", 7-;ORPHISI AT LOUGHTON.

INEASITANTS of Buckhuret Hill and Loughton, Essex, have been commenting a good deal lately on the strange eirciinutances attending the adventures of a 151ibs Bus- bridge, residing in Alfred-road, Backhurst Hill. A re- porter on the lozal paper ("Foe Loughtoa Advertiser") has obtained a lucid statement of the ease from the young lady herself, and the following facts are quoted trolls his report :

cuss Bus-bridge, a tall, good-looking young lady of 2b years, stated that she bad. been ill for two weary vears, and had been taken up and clown o London hospitals, till she had wished at last to be carried instead to tier grave. Five different medical men gave up tier Cas4 as hopiless, for Miss Busbriclge's lungs were seriously affected. Oae of then had almost gone, and the othar was affected. Too symptoms pointed unmistakably to consumption : blood-spitting, night sweats, hiddinegs, headache, thirst, and general wealin es of limbs, together with want of interest in anything he was seat to Devonport for a time, but cache back worse, and was literally wasting away. The t,igiit of this helpiesi girl being lifted out of the train had interested the local public, who saw that the end was not far off.

When 'natters had &Meted their Worst form, 93 that life hung merely on a thread, Miss Busbridge's sister was recommended to get a box of Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People. The dying girl laughed, but took a box morels' to pl-aae her sister. 66 Toe first dose did me goal," said Miss Basbrid, e ; and having proved their value, and knowing that consumption is not to be cored ia a day,she took tin, Pills regularly. Six months after- wards ene astonished the neighbours by walking out alone, and came horn, giving wools' fresh surprises by stepping out of the train unaided. In that period Miss Hosoridke gained thirty pounds in weight, and as the reporter departed, her father stated 66 that he hoped to have his aina.thter for many years to come." Miss Bushbridge is not the only consumptive that has beea cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, after doctors have done their best, and failed ; these pills have also cured m toy thousands of cases of anremia, rheumatism, chronic orysipslas, bronchitis, and eczama. They are alas a splendid nerve and spinal toaic, and have thus cured many cases of paralysis, locoinotor ataxy, neural- Vitus' dance, and nervous headache. They are uow obtaiaable of all chemists, and from Dr. Williams' ratioicino Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, at 2J. 91. a box, or six for 13s. 9.1., but are genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People. The latter point is important tis be observed ; there are many wortoler.-s imitations sold as " pink pills," without the name Dr. Williams, which distinguishes the only really curative pills.

WARRINGTON WORKING MEIN'S FLYING CLUB. The third old birds race in connection with this club was competed for on Saturday. The distance was from Biurnernouth, 188 miles, 22 members computing with 165 birds. Liberated by Messrs. Buckley and Junes at 10 20 .a.m. Wind, N.E. Result

Lythgon It Bolton Barb.r Taylor Jackson H e4l ey Richarison Hickman Jarn,s James Healey Smith 873 ftsy bould verified wronq time. -- ----

- _ To MOT/IP:ea.—Mrs. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup has been tire,l over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil- dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the Poor sufferAr immediately. It is pleasant to taste : it pro- duces natural quiet sleep by relieving the child from pain arid the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all (.h-tniqts Is lid. per bottle--4,tet. TOBACCONISTS Commencing.—See Illustrated Guido 259 pages) 31. Tobacconists' OutAtting C0.,136, Huston-road, Lmadon Hairdressers Med.—Manager llMisats.-4.lvt.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

In all the capitals of Europe except London some theatres are kept up by the Government support. Sir Robert Raw Union, K.C.8., the distinguished civil engineer, filed on Tuesaav in London, in his 89th year. The lultan hos signified his assent to the appointment of Sir N. O'Co or as British Ambassador to Turkey. Recent Austrian observations in the Mediterranean Sea prove that th deepest spot In that body of water is 2,406 fathoms, or nearly three miles. A boxhil of earth from the Garden of Gethsemane was sprinVed over Mr Giadstone's coffin after it was lowered Into the grave at WeArninster Abbey. De&.boven became death, and long before his death cculcl not even hear the drums in the orchestra. He never heard the greatest of his own compositions.

The steamship Clan Murray, of the Ohm Line, is one of the largest vessels that has ever crossed the bar at Port Natal, and the first boat of the turret type to go inside.

Natural gas has been used in Chins for many csnturies. It issues from fissures in the earth near coal mines, and is led throngh bamboo tubes to the point where it is con- su-ned.

The hirrh.et p7ramid Is that at Cheops 483 ft.) It is comis.:te .1 that the weight o" the masonry in this pyramid would exceed 6,319,000 tons. It covers thirteen acres of ground.

A Tehe-an telegram intimates that Shahl Mohammed, the mutierer of Mr. (.raves, the telegraph official. has been pub- Hely executed at Jaak, in the presence of the Bsluchi chiefs. The schooner Jane Gray, bound from Seattle to Kotzebue Sound, Alaska, has foundered off the west coast of Vamouver Island. Of those on ho trd thrirty-four were drowned and twenty-seven saved. The term " blue stocking "Is as old as the year 1400, at Which date in Venice a soCiety of literary ladies and gentle- men was organise I,the members of which as a distinguishing badge wore blue stockings.

The oflizial Het of persons killed during the re•:ent riots in Milan shows tint 75 were killed outright, and seven more died at hospltil. Tne wounded, Rome et WllOlll are a grave cm !Won, flambe- 63.

Aeeo^,4lrg toe Consular report oa the trarle of liarnburg, it is sat:a:tic:tory to be able to report that the share taken by the British Flag In the stdpniug trade Of the port of 1397 ay.ts greater than it ever has been before.

---- -- The Society of Arts Albert Medal has been awarded t Pro.'essor Robert Bunsen, of Iteidelberg, " in recognition of his numerous and most valuable applicition. of chemistry an physics to the arts and to menu 'actures." The leath of Prince Kling ocourred on Tuesday at Pekin, and the Bmperor has pro_lairned fifteen days Court mourn- mg. The date of the funeral has not been Seed, but it will probahlv not tate place for about three months. A sail-boat which a party of young men had taken out f!'om Yr rmouth on Monday capsized -while they were making their way home. Of the five occupants oaly one w.s able to SWISS, and he saved himself with difficulty. The other lour were drowned. Considerable interest has been caused by the discovery of some curious etves at idollingbourne, near Maidstone on a picce o" land belonging to Mr. el. F.emlin. It is suggested Vat the caves may tura out to be " dene holes "in wlsich the aoc'ent B•itons lived. It is stated that the remuneration of the jurists engaged in the Delploa Bay arbitration is fixed at £5,000 a year. Next time - saYs the " Grahamstown Journal," not without CillEle —let the arbitrators be paid by the job, and it will be done in a tenth part of the time. -

Ale3r,ling to " Xemp's Mercantile Gazette." the number was 110. The number in the correspond- o failures in England and Wales gazet od during the week ending May 28th, lag week of las', p.m' was 75, showing an Increase of 34, being a ne, increase In 1893, to date, of 57. A sad discos cry was made in a Douglas boarding house on Thursday. The bo ly of Anne Connor, a woman employed as a domestic servant in Bonsfeti House on die loch Promenade, was found drowded in a tub ot water. Her head we, in the water and her feet in the air.

Piper Findlater, of Dargal celebrity, has been introduced to desist, front his music, hall performances, the authorities very properly objecong to them as 110: being in accordluce with the traditions of the 4rMY• Compensation is given in the shape of employment in Her Majesty's Household. The early steel pans were so expensive that the pen makers adyert,sed that they would make an,:h repairs as were necessary to titer pens for a stated time, generally al,out stx months. When a man damaged his pen be cirriei it hick to the dealer, and ii id it mended by an experienced m

Mr. Joe Lelter's mammoth wheat deal at Chicago, ended on Wednesday. Instead of the price rising to two dinars, as expected, it dropped flay cents. Mr. Leiter tooled a number of brokers, who planned to unload th wheat on him at fancy prices. It is believed that he now holds over five million bushels. A singular fatality was witnessed by a large number of holiday-makers on he Itchin on Tuesday. A man was row- -1 ir.; a boat, accompanied by a woman, wheh he goldenly lost an oar, and in trying to regain it caps zed the boat. The woman was rescued, but the man was drowned. An extremely carious result of the vibration urodueed by the hammering in Westminster nall, cousequent on the boarding of the floor tor the reception of the thousands who came tO. pay a last tr bate of respect to the memory of Mr. Gladstene,has been the loosening of great clouds of dust from the roofing of the building. Michoel Carr, 60 years of age, an inmate of Longtown workhouse (near Carlisle), is in custody ch trged with the murder of another inmate. Carr, who some years ago was an inmate of a lunatic asylum, rose from his bed during the nizlit and attacked an old man named Nichol with his crotches, inflicting fatal injuries. _

During a violent thunderstorm at Dartford on Tuesday evening, a Itash of lightning struck the ancient tower of the parish church, and caused serious damage. Ihi damage is estimated at £3OO. The tower is the oldest part of the church, and was formerly a fortifLiation, which ilea been built upon some ltoman touudatiOns.

A young married woman named Alics Halliday on Tuesday evening &owned herself and her infant sun Cyril, aged four mouths in a peggy-tub at her home at Shibleu, near Hali- fax. She was the wife of John Ildward Halliday, a shoe- maker. Her husband had been out of work for some time, and sae had been much depressed. Au Inquest was held a; litoylake, on Wednesday, on the body of John Hilton Turvey, assistant to a Liverpool hosier. Mr. Turvey and his family had been staying at Hoytako with his lather-in law, and while riding his bicycle dawn a inll he felt and sustained Internal injury. A verdict of acJidental death was returned.

The wise old proverb .• Take care of the pence, and ths poun.ts will take care of themselves extends ever to frac- Vous of pence. The district auditor fouud that there was a fa:thing naitsing in the accounts of the Barnet Union, so he insisted on the accounts being correoted. This was dorm, at the expeaseof the ratepayers of El. Thus waile one farthing was beulg taken care of one pound took care of itseg, and went.

A terrible tragedy took plane on Tussday morning a Nettltoank, Small Thorne, a small village near Hanley. A crate-maker, named Frederick Hall. murdered his wife and three children with an axe, while they were In bed. lie also attacked two other children, inflicting injuries about the head, which it is expected will prove fatal. lie subsequently went do wnstArs and out his own throat.

The war has, it is said, done not a little damage to the t bicycle trade in America, popular enthusiasm naturally ex- pending itself in military preparations and drill, se tha the young men are, for the moment, neglecting the pursuits of the wheel till a more favourable opportunity. Perhaps this ndi result in our getting American bicycles even cheaper t •iu has hitherto been possible

A pit fireman, named Charles Desboro Boon, living at Baikhouse, Shiw, and employed at the Oldham, Middleton, and Rochdala Coal Company's Bank-house Colliery. mat his death in a frightful manner on Wednesday morning. Whilst men 'lng a ro f a tremendous stone fell upon him, crushing him to death lnstanteously. Boon leaves a Widow and a yousg family, lie was 39 years of age.

A fire cf a,l•3t-uctlye nature omurred in the Park Brewery of Thomas Usher aa I Son, Limited. Edinburg, at an early hour on Sunday morning. Arising from some cause unex- plained, it spread with such remark-0)1e rapidity that in the course of a couple of hours one hrlf of the extensive build- loge and a lar4e quuntily of malt and other brewing material were completely destroyed, the damage being estimated at from £12,000 to £15,000.

One of the Indian papers says his countrymen have reasons to be justly proud of Prince Ranjitsintiji. It obrarves : "PritiPe Ranjitsinhji does not propose to stay long in this country. We wish Ws sojourn had been long enough to en- able him to Our through India, and give his countrymen a few exhibitions of his marvellous cricketing ski 1. He owes his excellence to Hnglish training—a ciraurnstaace we most gratetully bear in mind, as he himself does."

Canning Town has recently been in th, enjoyment of a pic- ture exhibition, and, according to "London," which has been collecting specimens of tha remarks passed on the canvasses by the spectators, narrates the following : " One picture, entitled "rill death us d, part,' revived memories of h+ppler days in the heart of an old lady. • Alo.' said she as she gazed at the picture of an old man kneeling by his wife's death-bed, that must hAve been In the country. Alm don't love their Wives like that in the town.'"

Melbourne is in sackcloth and ashes and Sydney Is In un- wholesome glee. It Is all because of" Commandant " Booth. Blelborne's magnificence he admires, but he has been telling the citizens that the bulk of thern are given over to " icblatry worse than the idolatry of the Athenians, sporting,gambling, lust, crime, chicanery, death, doom, and perdition." Now, argue the Sydney papers with terrible effect, how could such a Sodom as that be made the home of the federal power? An alarming occurrence took place on Tuesday at Cork at a promenade concsrt ix aid of the fund for the relief of dis- tress in the South of Ireland. The concert Was held in a cricket ground illuminated with exyhydrogen lights. One apparatus exploded and shot several feet into the air. The illuminating material, composed of naphtha and flulds,burst, and injured all within reach. In the panic which ensued several young people were trampled upon. A number of persons were treated at the hospital, the most merlons cases being those of Mr Walton. Miss Maybury, two brothers named Hirney and a man named Murphy, all lacerated or scalded.

An accident of a peculiar and costly nature occurred inthe neighbourhood of toe London General Post Office on Monday morning. Just as a four-in-hand laden with holiday-makers turned into Newgate-street from St. Martin's one of the leaders reared and fell, striking in its descent a baker's handcart, which it upset, spilling the contents over the road. At the same moment a party of cyclists appeared upon the scene,and. being unable to pull up in time, the foremost struck one of the rolling loaves, with the result that he was thrown heavily, his comrades, numbering nearly a dozen, falling over him Upon regaining their feet the cyclists ap- peared none the worse for their adventure, although one of the machines was badly broken. On attempting to raise the horse it was found to be dead.

For NAM R BROOCHES. solid silver name brooches 101. any name (Government stamped. Presents or Articles for yourself, you may visit DESERT'S. 10 , CHUR(; 11-ST .E ET- LIVERPOOL, where you can got hundreds of articles such as Wetohes. Clocks,Jewellery, Electro-Plate, Cut ery, Purses, Pocket Knives, etc., at wholesale pries,. See advertisement 'lllustrated Ohronuvaph Watch, es. 11d., etc.) on page 7 of this Paper.— ((M.

STOCKTON HEATH PARISH COUNCIL.

This Council met in the National Schools, Stockton Heath, on Thursday lest week. Mr. Pears ;n oc- cupied the chair, and there were also present Messes. Davenport, Clarke, Mason, Mclntyre, Hayes, with Mr. Bradshaw (clerk).

===== 0002601_18980603_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE_ ALLEGED ENCROACHMENT AT WALTON_ ROAD.

The Clerk said he had seen Mr. Ellison with reference to this matter who told him that he had not written to the County Council. EH (Mr. Bradshaw) then wrote, and Mr. Reeinald Potts replied stating that he was in receipt of the letter embodying a resolution passed by the St.mkton H.ea'h Parish Council with reference to the enclosure of certain land wltt.n the parish of Stockton Heath and suggesting a give and take line. Would the clerk please let him know whether the alleged encroachment was up m one of the main roads repairable by the County Council, as if so, he should require a plan sheaving the same. if, however, the encroachment and give and take line referred to was upon a dist' let road repairable by a Rural District Coun- cil, the complaint should in the first instance be made to the latter authority. With reference to the latter part of the letter asking for the prumission to place pariah rlstices on the notice board at the corner of Ellesmere - road, the county notice boards were erected solely for the county notices, and he therefore could not consent to the application. Mr. Hayes asked who was to go to the expense of a plan.

The Chairman said the Parish Council would have to bear that expense if they replied to the communication. Mr. Davenport stated that Mr. Linnel, the surveyor, told him that be had laid a plan before a committee of the County Council, and the commi-tee decided not to move in the matter.

Mr. Hayes thought th. Council was wasting valuable time over the matter. Ho moved that the question of the alleged encreachment at Walton-road be dropped. Mr. Davenport seconded, and said he got his informa- tion with respect to the action of the County Council Committee direct from Mr. Linnet.

Mr. Mason : I suppose the plan he saw was supplied by Mr. Hedgcock ? Toe Clerk : I know Mr. Hedgcock has submitted a plan to someone. Mr. Davenport : It was handed to me and laid before a c3mmittee of the Counts, Council. The uommittee decided to allow the matter to lie on the table. _

- --- Mr. Mason thought it would be advisable to get that information direct from the County Council. He would move that the Clerk be instructed to write to the County Cuuncii for the information. Mr. Davenport said he did not mind what action was taken by the Council so long as they did not spend mousy on Mr. Mason thought it was a pity to enter in the matter with such a feeling. The mistake had been made in putting the matter in the hands of the District Coun- cil. They had practically given themselves away by doing so. Mr. Davenport: You see it wasn't a matter for the District Council.

-- The Chairman : The Parieh Council's Act says we must first bring it before the District Council. Mr. Davenport said he would like to know what good the agitation with reference to the London.road en- croachment bed been. It had been a great expense on the township. The Council had had too much to do with the encroachment question. Mr. Mason said there was a clear case with reference to the Walton-road matter. A disposition WM; shown by the Bridgewater trustees to meet the Council and to do somethi• g. But the Council had gone the wrong way about the matter. There was no proposal now for a give and take line. Mr. Davenport said he understood Mr. Hedgcock was willing to agree to a give and take line. Mr. Mason said it was distinctly understood at the time Mr. Hedgcock bought the land that the Council would make a formal claim. On the resolution being put to the meeting four voted in favour of it, and Mr. Mason against. The matter therefore falls to the ground.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE .COLLECTION OF THE SPECIAL HATE.

The Council proceeded to consider the question of making a fixed salary for the collection of the special rate.

The Clerk said the sum fixed by the last Council was £l2 103 for collecting each special rate.

Mr. Mason: Tha.E.was for two districts—Appleton and Stockton 13,•ath ? The Clerk : Yes. Mr. Davenport : rho special rate is collectel eaeh half year. • - • •

The Chairman: How much does s penny in the £ bring in? The Clerk A little over gn. - - -

After-a sho.rt consultation in private, it was decided in the proposition of Mr. Clarke, sece,scled by Mr. Davenport that the Clerk be alhwed £8 each half year for the collection of the special rate. OLD LONDON-ROAD IMPROYESIENT. - -

The Chairman said this subject was part of the business discussed at the last meeting when it was de- cided that Mr. Pemberton and himself shouln be deputation to see the owners of property to endeavour to get the land required for making a footpath. They saw Miss Tetlew, and she said the owner ef the houses was a confirmed invalid. He (Mr. Pearson) wrote to Mr. James Warburton to see if he could help them in the matter, and had received a reply in which Mr. War- burton said the matter mentioned had been left entirely In his hands te deal with. Up to the preseat there had been an expense in obtaining the consent of the ground landlord of tl 10s. fki, This sum he thoueht ought to , be repaid by the Parish Council or County Council, and , also as compensation for relinquishing a portion of frontage he wonld ask the Ciericil to pass a plan for bar windows to be placed in place of the present ones. He proposed to give up five feet of frontage to enable the Council to get a footpath censtructed. On receiving a favourable reply he would obtain. the necessary signa- tures of those interested. The Chairman paid the offer was a business-like one, and if accepted it would enabls the County Council to make the footpath the same width all the way down from Hose's house to the swing bridge. Mr. Clarke thought that so far as the Council was Concerned they ought to accept the terms offered. The windows suggested would be an improvement, but it was a matter for the Parochial Committee.

Mr. Davenport said h 3 supposed it WAS understood that the County Council would go to the expense of the footpath. The Chairman said Mr. Linnel had promised to sup- port it if the Council would get the land for the County Council.

Mr. Clarke proposed,and Mr. Hayes seconded a reso- lution that so far as the Parish Council is concerned the offer be accepted ; also that the Clerk write to Mr. Peraberton to confirm in writing his offer of land for a footpath, and that the Clerk afterwards write to the County Council on the matter. A discussion ensued with reference to the advisability of obtaining the consent of the trustees of the late Mr. Pearce to allow the County Council to construct b. foot- path on land in their possession. The Clerk said he understood that Mr. Vere Davies was a trustee.

It was decided that Mr, Clarke and Mr. Mclntyre should be a deputation to wait uron Mr. Vere Davies, and lay the views of the Council before him.

At a later stage of the meeting, the Chairman read a communication from the tenants of shops at the corner of Old London-road calling the attention of the Council to the state of the footpath. It was t 0... narrow, and pedestrians bad to get off the footpath. Part of the footpath opposite the shops ought to be paved or tiled.— It was decided that the Clerk should forward the com- munication along with the others referring to Old Lon don-road to the County Council.

HE-ARRANGEMENT OF THE HEILER SEATS. The Cnairman said there had been a good deal of grumbling with reference to the iron seats which were

fixed near the swing bridge, and attention had also been called to the fact that the seats in the isolated parts of the township were being damaged by children. He. would suggest that the two best seats be brought to the swing bridge to replace the iron seats there. After a short discussion it was decided that the two wooden seats be placed near the swine bridge, and that one iron seat be placed near London Bridge, and another one by Red-lane bridge.—Mr. Clarke suggested that the wooden seats should be firmly secured to the ground.— In answer to questions as to the money required for re- moval and fixing, the Chairman said he was of opinion that the Jubilee committee would have sufficient money tofpay the expense. TEE FIRE HYDRANTS.—A TOM:TRITER BRIGADE WANTED. Mr. Clarke called attention to the hydrants which were being provided for the township, and suggested that somewhere near th. Police Station would be a suit- able place to fix them. It would he a good thing if they could train about half-t-dot.n volunteer villagers in the use of the hydrants in case of emergency. It was no use having hydrants unless there were people about who knew how to use them, The Superintendent of the Wilderspeel Fire Brigade would be pleased to give in. structions to a number of voluateers. Mr. Davenport suggested that a small committee of the Council should be formed to got the names of volua- teere,and attend to the matter. It was decided that Mr. Clarke, Mr. Mason, and Mr. Haves form the committee. This concluded the businees.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., UNDTA PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES,' 4' PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES 4 PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, 4 PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, 44" PRINTING FOR BANKS PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING soriErms, PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRIN lING FOR ALL.

Auctioneers' Sale Bills. Catalogue Conditions f Sale, Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts. Soirees, Balls. ste. : Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rul.s,Time Sheets and Books,Note Headings,Memorandutos,Work Notes,Bill Heads, Business, Visiting and Mourning Ciros, Handbills, de. Solicitors, Merch nnts, Manufactures. Tradesmen, and othrrs requiring Printiug of any description are requested to give a trial. GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Ne4tness and Despatch.

-- SPECIALI : ENVEI OPES PER 2. l,oooe JOHN WALKER, AND C

A

I

-- News, ises the I King- after.. et. and after trarninm

Leof `ed

===== 0002601_18980603_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Price Ont

'rice One

diaesse.

)312 to an re of un-

===== 0002601_18980603_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
g advice

!so been )arte of .en. He L t to the

the two nd that another that the ound.— for re- opinion ; money

VANTED. I which ggested 3 a suit- if they s in the no use )at who of the give in.

ittne of volua-

===== 0002601_18980603_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Wt. j. coLLIs BROWNE's CHLORODYNR. THT ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINH. OHLORO DYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever die- lovered.

ORLORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CIILOKODYNIA: effectually checks and arrests those too often fat diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, trout), Ague. CRLORODyN& acts like a charm in Diarrhcea aud the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. .C%II°RODYN6' effectually cuts short all attach,, cur .7Pilepey. Hysteria. palpitation,and Spasms. `ufURODYNE is the only palliat i ive n Neural 44,gia,Rheumatism,Gout, Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis

We hi:r°,l3 Dr. B. J. Ilouxxow AND CO., Horncastle. mutt ve made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne In our t„; " latelY and look upon it as an excellent direct Sada- ..ve and Anti-sPasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- H2ii In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other ZfaedY, and it seems to • possees this great advantage over °tette.other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians hs received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at nanilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, ;lid that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- - Lancet, lit December. 1864. CAIMON.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND HUTA- - /lONS.

04.rrioN.—Vice-Ohancello-r-SiTiV. PAGE WOOD stated that COLLIS BLOWNE was, uadoubtedly, the inventor of etiLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant "EIIAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to MY had been sworn to.—See Titus, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is ltennine without the Words "OR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'd 9HL9tTnytiß "On the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- rnonv accompanies each bottle. :—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, great y. lemion

.A.INLESS SAFETT IsTH WRVEL OF THE TRADE,

( !Iv •

6iVa, VON ILLUSTRATED LIST. PetTrt.:i!' 3 ARE NOT TO BB BEATEN.

boo Quality and Finish. ..CTION INVITED.

CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but Plurohatie a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers ot the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 69, BOLD STREET,

LIVESPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
LL

Ordinary Postage. 5-0 a.m.

tO-30 ~

===== 0002601_18980603_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ~

===== 0002601_18980603_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
111.CEI1TNO HOUSE— 1 niarleetown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 5 p.m,

SUB-OFFICES .Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick , *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. _and 6-20 p.m.

6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 Pan. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 Pan• *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m,

WALL Boxvcs— Crow Lane,Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statioa (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st„ Ciolborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village I Burtonwood ! (Providence Place)

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m.

6-40 p.m. B_l6 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m ind 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

I Nit. 110-15 am

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Eerier; town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

I To I Callers.

By Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorksigre, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire . Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport Prpscot. Wigan, Orms- kirk Whin & Earles, own London, Foreign, and the South .didland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and

oa.m. 10-30 „ 10.45 „ 111-30 „ }ll-4b

11-30 a,ra

1. 12-0

Chester Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, 14 Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, Sastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London /4 Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

1 it 345 ni.

6-45 a.m. 17 -0 a.m I,•ext. ay

===== 0002601_18980603_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
k 2-16 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
2-lb 13-15

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our NW BOOK containing valuable information to Ladles' how all Irregularities may be entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means Recom mended by eminent Physicians as the only Safe, Sure, and genuine Remedy. " Never Fails, Thousands of Teti- ' menials. --Mr. W. E. BLANCHARD, Claremont House Voreat.roact, DoWon London.

FREE TO MEN.

When you are tired of taking n—a.u—seoue. and mysterious prescriptions and • ompounds, which do you no good, but only ruia your digestive organs write to me and I will send you a ok whioh describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN curs for lost strength, wasting weakness, &0., from whatever cause arising, NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEC- TRICITY. bent in envelope on reoeipt of two stamps for postage. A. J. Lams, a 4-83, tared Russell-str et, London, W.O

===== 0002601_18980603_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FIADVY. JUNE 3, 189.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts W•st of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormsk irk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge. Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Relens, Southport, and South Wales Astiton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. AU Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra id. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.n2,

===== 0002601_18980603_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. J-55 am 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18980603_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, NIL Nil. NIL

===== 0002601_18980603_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
fe e ala:s east

, CURES when all other Remedies fail

(*

===== 0002601_18980603_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

IN RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions,

It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try 4 box, you will never regret it.

Boxes, nil.of all Chemists. M. BEETII/01 &sop, Chemists, HELTON/W.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
X:1030./WL3EK X3Nr9

===== 0002601_18980603_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ot;ftlim's

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid., and 2s. 9d. each,. with full directions. Sold everywhere.

A Sure and Certain CURE for 1A INS in the BACK & JOINTS. DR. WEIR'S A NEW DISCOVERY.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
POROUS PLASTER

Will relieve pain 30 minutes after applying the ALL CHEMISTS. CHEMISTS. Wholesale: 104, GOLDEN LP

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, W ITH a prudent 'use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

===== 0002601_18980603_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

_ as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLID SILVER WATCHES.

For Lathes 8/11, 16/6 ; ill.sttion 22/6 to 85/

SOLID GOLD- CASES, 30/- to £5. LADIES' SOLID SILVER ALBERT CHAINS 2/11, 3/6, 3/11, to 12/6; SOLID CiLD 25/- to £5. SOLID SILVER BROOCHES (hall marked), Bp. to 3/11. ditto ditto Name Brooches 10-id, to 1/6, all are hall marked. SOLID GOLD BROOCHES 5/11 to £4. ELECTRO-SILVER PLATED TEASPOONS 1/114 MALF-DOZEN, to 7/6. ditto ditto DES- SERT FORKS on SPOONS 2/11i to 8/11. ditto ditto, TABLE FORKS or SPOONS 4/11 to 12/6, CHEAPER FORKS AND SPOONS, TaAsToqNs (WRITE METAL) from 40. half dozen. ditto DESSERT Ft onics. or SPOONS from nth half dozen. Dessert Knives from 1/44 bar dozen. MEAT CARVERS from 2/11 vair, ditto in cases from eluding steel) to 50/- the case ot five pieces. Table Knives to 12/6 the half dozen.

ELECTRO:SILVER PLATED BREAKFAST CRUETS (as drawn). 1/11, to 15/6. ditto Dinner Cruets, 2/11 to RS. Electro Silver Teapots from 3/11,. Tea and Coffee Services from 0/9 the set of 4 pieces Ladies' Dressing and Companion Cases bid, to 50/- Albums with or without Nlusic at all prices to 15/6. Clocks, Barometers, Opera Glasses at Cheapest prices. Dominoes from 311 d. to 4/6 box. Model Steam Engines (as !ketch) 1/6i to 7/6. Model Locomotive Engin from 2/11 to 8/11 MAGIC LANTERNS 10id. with siX Sides, Lamp. etc., Complete ditto lager with 12 Slides 2/11 to 17/6 in- cluding Mechanical Slides, Clockwork Toys from 10ici. Fretwork Tools and Tools in Boxes from lOid. set. Marie Ink and Bronzes, Mouth Organs Accordions and Concertinas, Band Mirrors, Jewellery Ind all kinds of Fancy Goods, visil

5/11 (in. from 1/-

22/6 ' p. 401 /.1„. I 1A , '4* •41-10-4 v v • .7"- • 4/I,i .4 _•., 4 Silver Watch

Various Fittings 2/11 . __ • _ • - - ieir it l' 4,44,t Where

,AitipPN . r , .',,,,:. • (...',"" '-, --N . , * fel Chu. I—.lSClllot

/A ' , .---- 74e.- I ..., •-',",iCA r o, it tes - El ctro .ilver tl/4\ 7----.------ • ----=".----- oa 3 ft'll 1! 4=l Ititil o lti'itttt t ...,....I,_ t, co 4 lillill e , i,,-(,-, ,_. --------, __ ____--- . Lolesale prices.

7*, .r.t • c.

I

I

ME

4.• ' t ( t

When putting on the outer cover after having had the bladder out for repairs, no matter how carefully you tuck in the latter, it is liable to De nipped between the wired edge of the cover and the rim, providing you put on the cover before inflating the tube. When you have got all nicely fixed up and are busy pumping,the nipped portion sometimes makes its appearance as a small blob or miniature balloon, and ualess;you are very spry in letting out the air,there is a slight explosion and a burst tube. To prevent the nipping of the inner tube, it should be slightly inflated before an attempt is made to ret the wired edge of the cover over the rim, and this may say applies equally to tyros of the Clincher pattern, which rely on a beaded edge for their attachment. Hav- ing put a little air in the tube, you will find it fits more easily into its place well under the cover, and provided in the cage of the wired-on tyre you work one part well into the hollow of tly., rim at the bottom you will have So difficulty in slipplug the cover over the edge of the rim at the top.

Tbe great Golden Wheel race was run off at BErlin last Sunday. before 20,000 spectators. Great interest W.as taken in the race,as Adelbert Chase had specially gone over with several of the Palace teams. Chase went off very well a first, and lapped Bouhours at the five kilometres, hut later four of his pacing machines broke down, and Soul:lours got clear ahead. Chase broke all Garman records from 10 to 90 kilometres, and finished only 900 metres b.hind Boiihours, whose time was 20. Bm. 11 4-5 sec. Had not Chase's pacers broken down, the North Roder would have won easily. A 50 kilome- tres match betwes Chase and Bouhours was arranged directly after the match.

A novel form of track it is said is to laid at Ham- burg. It will be a straightaway- one, and is to be on the lines of a awitch-back railway. The inventor claims that the public will take to races run on the track, and has evidently convinced several capitalists who are tak- ing up the iaea. The track should afford a short-distance race and hill-climbing contest all in one.

Jimmy Mitchael st!ll pursues his successful career in America. Lest Saturday in an exhit ition race at New York he cut off 3-sths of a second in the two miles record, doing 3 min 28 2-5 sec.

The Warringson Cycling Club turned out for a run on Saturday, some of the members going to Chester and 801219 to Alderley Edge.lt was decided to go for a run on Tuesday, but the weather conclusively settled any doubt they might have had on the question.

On Monday the first record under the regulations of the National Cyclists' Union (which stipulate that amateurs shall not be paced or receive any other assist- ance in rides which they may take on the road) was established by A. F. Ilsley, of the North Road Club, over a northern course. His performance consisted of riding 187 i miles in twelve hours.

Several bad accidents r+ccurred on MondaY on the Great Nerth Road, near Potter's Bar. A cy3list named -Salrnos, of Finsbury Park, ran into a vebicle and t3us-

. _ tamed Severe injuries : while north of Hitchin another cyclist, named Watson, of Bri ' ghton accompanied by a lady met with a singular mishap,. A. parcel which had been tied to the handle of the lady's machine became detached, and, falling caused the bicycle to overturn. The rider was thrown to the ground and rendered unconscious for some time.

Mil

-A CERTAIN CURE--

FOR CONSTIPATION. BILIOUSNESS DYSPEPSA, RETCHING. WIND. SICK HEADACHE.' AND AIL COMPLAINTS or FRE LivEx AND KIDNEYS INSI - .

An Infallible Remedy for Bright's Disease. Don't be without them. ?dee ls. lid. Box. Order at onee of your Chemist, or sesta to L V PILL COMPANY, _JI), renehnrch-buildinge,

CYCLISTS USt PILLAR BRAND. Lubriaiti'nß and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel, L'une eu"nd 13'unswic;t Blank. From all Dealers. AGENTS : McLEAN AND CO" 13, SHEIL-STBIIIIIT, LIVEIIPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBERTS

io, Church St., za-snoRPOOI4, YOU can get single avicles at whi

===== 0002601_18980603_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
_ = _

•

Xeittrq to tbe (Mar.

' 41".,1 -

NOTICE Ti) CORRESPONDENTS.

S. DAVlES.—Friday, the lat day of July, has been Bxed upon as the Warrington Walking Day.

THE WARRINGTON BAND OF HOPE UNION. Dear sir,—l see from press reports that there is a ' probability very shortly of there being another Band of Rope Union in Warrineton affiliated with the Lancashire and Cheshire Band et Hope Union which did an amount of good work a few years ago among the various Sunday schools in town. Now I see from a circular before me that the teachers of the Working Men's Mission Sunday School, Bulk Quay, a short time ago issued a note to parents asking if they would ccnsent to their children becoming pledged abstainers from strong drink. Evid- ently the teachers must be very anxious to safeguard if possible these scholars from the terrible evils of intem- perance. They are to be highly commended for their efforts. lam given to understand that there are over 500 scholars on the books of this school with an average afternoon attendance of 398 and out of this number I believe there were 304 scholars who handed in their signatures to the Temperance Pledge Card. Such a good result is wprttiy of imitation and what the teachers of this school have accomplished may act as a stimulus to others to do likewise. Thanking you for space in your paper. I remain yours etc.,

T. ASHLEY.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
itt.,-;''''.-. KA ..,.\ ; p, ,-,,...:..n:, .14,-; .-7,-,

===== 0002601_18980603_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--t'„ , , .2

===== 0002601_18980603_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
.•:,,....',.,k -tt''.l, . - ri'','''-': 1 ...ii,:i.`.,f

===== 0002601_18980603_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A i - It, 1, .

===== 0002601_18980603_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON -(7-i,A.AES AND

ATHLETICS.

CRICICZT.

The Warrinzton team were again badly beaten on Saturday by the Bootle team at Bootle. It is depressing to look forward week alter week to a change in the outcome of the next engagement only to realise that the result is a more pronounced failure than the last. War- rington batted first, and were got out for a total ex- pense of 73. The best scores made were 15, and 13, by Thewlis and Bibby respectively. On the other hand Bootle for six wickets had 207 runs to their credit, in- cluding in contrast to our food team such scores as : Williams (no 4; out) 73; Price 52; acd Jones 28.

The second eleven accomplished a most promising per- formance on Saturday against the Bootle second string. Bootle batted first. Some very creditable scores were made for tha sum total of 168. Ploughman's 43, Bate's 34, and Wilson's 22 were invaluable. Warrington's innings promised well tipue,h uncomplete. Only three wickets fell. Adamson made 49 runs (not out). Cromp- ton and Morgan were got out for 16 and 12, and Pier. point, run out Los 14.

The Cheshire Lines Engineers on their own ground played St. Elphins on Saturday. The Saints were dis- missed tor 71, and the Engineers innings closed for 114 runs for seven wickets of which Brown's 32 and Irvine's 28 were praiseworthy contributions.

The Engineers 2nd team met with defeat at the hands of the workingmen's Mission Ist team on the mission ground, The respective scores were 33 and 41.

St. Pants on Monday recorded a win of 9 runs against Lovely-lane on the ground of the latttr.

The match between Sankey Wire Mills and Padgate on Saturday on the ground of the former was a win for the wire men. EvaNs, Lavell and Llewellyn were the chief scorers. Flobson did his share in the bowling taking six wickets for N runs. 133yd's score of 13 was the best for the visitors. On Monday at Arley Park, Sankey dis- posed of Arley for 9 runs, due to Kenwright and Simp• sons bowling. Sankey scored 28 for 2 wickets.

St. Anne beat Buckley-street Sunday School on Satur- day. Jolley and Knight made 31 and 23 for St. Anna whose total score was 79. Appleton's 18 was the best wore for Buckley-street who totalled altogether 89.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

The Warrington Football Club have this week .adver- Used for a team trainer, and such an early step I can only look upon as an indication of the enterprise which the committee mean to show during the coming season. Previously all the training which has been considered necessary for the players has been suprrintended by the Captain or some other local official with only moderate results. If a professional trainer is acquired, it is quits reasonable to suppose that professional players will soon follow. Training itself would never make the present team as competent as is desired. I feel inclined to give the committee credit for their prompt acceptance of the new order of things which will obtain when the profes- sional rules come into operation.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING..

A great annunt of interest c;.s taken in the Anfield Bicycle Club's annual road race on Whit-Monday. The winner turned up in a rider with 35 mins, start named Hogg, who completed the century in just under five hours and a half. F. It. Goodwin, of North Road fame, accomplished the hundred miles in fastest time, only taking 5 hr 1 min. for the journey. The riders were well handicapped, as five fiuished within 15 mins, of the first

===== 0002601_18980603_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
=SU,

WA.RRINGTON:

WARRINTON INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY.

The Hon. Treasurer begs to acknowledge with thanks the sum of .t.:50, less duty £5, legacy by the late Mr. Thomas Morrie, per 3ir. C. Jackson Rol mes. ACADEISY-STREEL SPIRITUALIST SEDN'lrti. On Sunday the platform at this hall was occupied by Mr. J. Kay. of Pendleton. In the afternoon his sub- ject was 'Belief, Agnosticism, and :-piritualism ; or belief without evidence, doubt, and certainty, the three conditions ot religious thought in the present day." In the evening the speaker took for his text, "The Rock of ages." The usual Monday evening meeting was not held.

MUSIC IN THR On Sunday afternoon about 2,000 people listened to the following programme of music, which was well rendered by the League of the Cross Band, under the conductorship of Mr, T. Hynes :- Dead March in 6` Saul" (by request) ; march, " Viva Birkenshaw " (Rimmer) ; selection, "El Dorado " (LI. Round) ; selection, "La Favorita (Donizatti); and .6 God save the Queen." DEATH OF A WARRINGTON MAN AT BLACKPOOL.

At five o'clock on Sunday morning a bricklayer, aged about forty y ears, was found dead in the kitchen ot 73,Ribble-road,Revoe,Blackpool.Deceased whose name is Patrick Meakin, came from Warring- ton fifteen weeks ago, and at about six o'clock on Saturday night was brought into the house by an unknown man. He was then in an intoxicated condition, and upon being asked to go to bed by his landlady he refused, sitting himself in a chair near the fire. At 10 30 the other occupants of the house retired to rest, and at about 530 next morn- ing a lodger named John Mclntyre found Meakin lying dead on the floor on his right side. Sergeant Beaumont, who examined the body, found the head in a small pool of blood, and there was on the skull an incised wound about three-quarters of an inch long but so far there is no evidence as to how it came to be there. GOOD TEMPLAnr.

The usual weekly session of the Temperance Mission Lodge ot the 1.0.G.T., was held in the Academy-street Temperance Hall, on Wednesday, Rro. Roberts, 0.T., presided over a good attendance. Two visitors were present from Earlestown. One member was admitted by re-obligation. The roll of officers was called and responded to. Bro. Mor- timore notified a new lodge at Stockton heath. Bro. Roberts reported having visited the District Lodge Session of S. E. Lancashire at Glossop, and also gave a report ot S. W. Lancashire District Lodge at Southport. Bro. Newman gave an earnest address, encouraging the members to still more active work. Bro. Stanley also spoke and sang a humorous song. Bro. Roberts closA the lodge.

OHMY'S CIRCUS. Mr. Ohmy's desire to cater to the wants of the town at his Queen-street circus is now bearing good fruit, as evinced by the audiences there. On Bank Holiday two performauees were given at 2 and 7 o'clock. Large audiences attended at each perform- ance. The programme had been strengthened by some additions and most of the best features have been retained. Miss Allen and Miss Ohmy are as popular as ever. Alpine St. Clair's table act is full of daring. The Zardoes give a splendid acrobatic performance which is duly applauded. Some fine trick riding is done by Miss Louise and Mons. Tomasso. The clown's comic pony "Nancy Lea" ceases a deal of mirth. Claude ()limy in his" Jockey" act is a great favourite. Cruikshanks brings storms of applause in his musical act, and the living pic- tures are a fine feature ofone of the best programmes yet submitted at this place of entertainment.

WARRINGTON SAILING CLUB. I The fourth race of the above club took place on Saturday,in a fine breeze from N N.W., before about 1200 spectators. The starting time was arranged Ifor 300, and promptly the gun was fired, and a ' beautiful start was made. The Saint was first to crass the line,with Imp close up, followed by Peni- tent. All the boats made for the windward shore. The Imp taking the weather berth led the way to Manor Luck, followed by the Penitent, Saint, and Sinner. On rounding the bend the Imp increased her lead,sailing away to windward in splendid style, and rounding the Pertingtou mark some 25 seconds in front of Penitent. The run down the reach made a gap between the boats, but coming on the wind the boats drew closer together, and looked very pretty, the Penitent pulling up a little on the beat. Times for rounding the mark :—lmp Ist, 311. 53m. Oa. ; 2nd, 4h. 15m. Os, ; 3rd, 4h. 37ra. 203. Penitent, Ist, 3h. 53min. 40s. ; 2nd, 411. 15m. 205.; 3rd, 4h. 38ns. 03. Saint, Ist, 3h. 54min. 20!. ; 2nd, 4h. 17m. 03.; 4th, 411. 30m. 30e. sinner, 1.-t,311. 55m. O. ; 2ad, 411 18m. Ot. ; 3rd, 40, 43 n. 40. WniTetleTtne AT WARRINGTON. Though the weather on Saturday aud Sunday was fairly good, disappointment was generally felt when Monday the recognised Bank Holiday of Whitsuntide turned out a wet day in every sense of the word. Tile rain commenced about eleven o'clock and continued the whole of the day lied evening, without any appr:ciable cessation. Great numbers of people left the town In waggonettes and on bicycles during the earlier part of the day; as the weether then gave fair promise. The conse- quence was their holiday was thoroughly spoiled. Excursion trains were run to Belle You and were well patronized, in addition to New Brighton where the new Tower was being oreued. The local placss of amusement at least derived some benefit from the bad weather on Monday as the Theatre and circus were packed to their utmost capacity, in the even- ing. The following figures from the Cheshire Lines give the number of people who were OD pleasure bent to the popular holiday resorts :-1,5i0v7 2,800; Manchester„l,9oo ; Southport, 7 Bells Vue, 300; Matlock, 300. CHE3HIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS. The Technical Instruction Committee at its meet- ing on Friday last, had under consideration the 're- port of the examiners on the examination held on May 7th last,for scholarships enabling boys or girls who have been taught in elementary sceoole to proceed to secondary schools. No less than 344 candidates had competed. The work sent in was above the average at these examinations. Thirty- five scholarships were awarded, the successful can- didates being (in order of merit) :—Lizzie. Phillips,! Flowery Field British school, Hyde; Laura Mary Roberts, Winnitigton Park school ; George Brockle- burst, Wesleyan school, Mill-street, Maccleefield ; Stanley Warrington, British school, Altrincham; IFred William Beresford, Township school, Sale ; , Charlotte Elizabeth Hardy, bower Walton ; Muriel Crosland,Township school, Sale; John W. S.F.nalkes, Township school, Sale ; Richard J. Vernon, Seamen's Moss SChO3l; Ralph A. St,u'obs, National school, Wharton ; Arthur Ford, Winniugton Park school ; Thomas J. Dyke, Wesleyan school, Earle•street, Crewe ; Frank N. Earlam,Davenlism school; Harold Capper, Brunner school, Barnten ; George William• Pickford,British school, Flowery Field,Elyde ; John MeGivering, Lower BetAngton ; Jon 'P. Stelobs, National ecilool,Runcorn ; Thomas O. Suthreu,Wes- leyan school, Seacotnbe; Pollie Oldham, Wesleyan school, Hazel Grove ; Frank Compston, Wesleyan school, Mill-street, Macclesfield ; Frank Dawson, Wesleyan scbool,llazal Grove;Joseph Nixon,Helsby; Jessie Ellison,Mickle Trafford; Jelin Fuller,National school,Grappe.nliall; John C.Cowap,Technical school, Winsford ; Annie Shiner, British achool,Altriocham; Clara W Mocker, Township school, Sale ; Hilda Stannard, British school, Altrincham ; Horace H. Barber, Seanion's Moss school ; Mary E. Wrench, Board school, Over ; Horace P. Bramah, Lawton ; Wilfred W. Wade,Ashton Hayes; Charles E.Boyere, National school,Euncorn; William J. Reid,Winning- ton Park school ; Charles C. Dudley, Lower Bebing- ton. The scholarships are granted in The first in- stance for one year, but are renewed for a second and third year, if zee attendance, conduct and pro- gress are satisfactory.

EASTHANI GARDENS.—EaStIaaM which worthily deserves ! the title " The Richmond ot the Mersey "is one of the prettiest spots for an ideal holiday that anybody could desire. The general public are doubtless unaware of the great development that has taken p'ace within a some what recent period at Es.stham, or the plans would be- come a more popular eeson. The handsomely appointed hotel. the new ea f 6, just completed, the pavilion and other buildings attached to the gardens are designed in the continental style, and add to the i icturesque appear- ance of the place. The company have also a very fine fleet of steamers, the latest addition to which is the " Sapphire," She has been bnilt by Messrs. John Jones and Son, of Liverpool, and is reputed to be the fstest ferry steamer on the river. The boats leave the Siuth end of the Liverpool Landing Stage every half hour, fare lid., and cyclists will b 3 pleased to hear that their cycles are carried free excepting on Bank holidays. The plane should prove a great success, and it deserves to do so for a right down good day cost. can be spent there :t a nominal

OYULic.iTb PILLAR BRAND. Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel, Luamellatte.and Brunswick Black. From all Dealers. AGENTS: McIAAN AND CO.. 13, SEEM-STREET. LIVERrooL.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, JUNE 3 198

SUNDAY SCHOOLS PROCESSION AT

EARLESTOWN.

Under very unfavourable circumstances the annual demonstration of Sunday schools was held in Earlestown on Monday. Though fine, the morning opened dull and threatening, but with a strortz north west wind it was , thought an improvement would take place later on. In this, expectancy was doomed to disappointment.as soon after the procession had started on its way rain began to fall and continued to do so throughout tho day. Ten o'clock was the time put down for assembling on the Market ground, and by that hour all the schools had taken up their positions. The sight was a very impres- sive one, as the holiday attire of the children mingled with che binners and bannerettes formed a very pleas- ing en;.emble. Mr, Thoraas Clare officiated as conductor,and mounted on an impromptu platform he wielded the baton what the gathering of children sang the special hymns se- lected for the occasion, the bands accompanying. Four hymns were sung, and at the conclusion the procession filed off the market ground in the following order : Sutton-road Prize baud,Welsh schools; Primitive Metho- dists ; Parr Temperance Prize baud, Earlestown Wes- leyan s ; Salvation Army and Baptists. Tile route bad , to be considerably curtailed in consequence of the rain, which came down in a most disappointing manner, and , on returning to the market ground, the scholars were ' immediately dismissed to their respective schools. The Welsh school had 50 scholars on their books,Mr. ' Owen being superintendent and Mr. Jones, secretary. Primitive Methodists, 300 scholars, Rev. E. R. Davies, minister ' • Messrs. Dickens and Austin.superintendents ; Mr. T. Clarke, treasurer ; Nl* ors. J. H. Woods and J. T. Austin 9 secretaries. Earlastown Weeleyans,46o scholars, Rev. P. R. Passmore, minister ; Messrs. T. Clara, sen., J. H. Profit, W. Clare, G. Clarke,and G. Warburton, su- perintendents; Mr. P. Chandley, treasurer ; and J. R. Barr, secretary. Salvation Army, 90 scholars, Easign Moyle,minist r ; Mr. C. Hazeldiue, superintendent ; Mr. W. Stephens,treasurer. Baptists, 180 sctiolart, Rev. F. E. Miller. minister ; Mr. E. Evett,uperintendeat; Mr.J. Morris, treasurer ; and Mr. W. Litnond, secretary. It was inte ided that all the children should spend the afternoon in various fields, hut the inclemency of th 3 weather caused a forced abandonment of this idea. Cens.'quently as arrangements for tea had been com- pleted, the children assembled at their respective sch )ols and after regaling themselves with the victuals usual at such gatherings, they were allowed to enjoy themselves as best they might for an hour or two, after which they were dismissed to their homes. Naturally the young- sters were very much disappointed, but in some cases they have been appeased by the promise of afield day later on. It is hoped the weather will then be much more favourable.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
GYMNASTIC CFIA 111;IONSHIP AT THE WA 2RINGTON GYMNASIUM.

On Saturday evening at the Warrington Gym- , nasium the second annual gymnastic championship meeting took place under the rules of the Gymnas- tic Teacher's Association; There was a fait attend-, ance. Councillor David Tinnion occupied the chair in the absence of the Mayor (Alderman J.E. Wright). The judge was Mr. F. P. North,and the recorder ot the exercises,Mr. %Hash= An exhibition of dumb- bell exercises was given under the direction of Mr. J. Kinsley, by teams from Wycliffe school and Trinity school,first and second prize winners in the boy's inter-school drill competition 1898. The dif- ferent changes in the exercises were gone through in a most precise amd regular manner. An indian club solo was executed by Miss W. Jones, a member of the Warrington Gymnasium with her accustomed grace and skill. A oisplay of bar-bell exercises was also given by teams from St. Alban's school and St. Paul's school,Beath Side,first and second prize win- ners in the girl's inter-school drill competition 1898. These movements were gone through in a uniform manner. showing the thoroughness of the training by Mr. Kinsley, the director of exercises. The rules governing the gymnastic competition were that each competitor should execute a com- bination of ten quick exercises on the horizontal bar, ten exercises on the parallel bars, composed of slow and quick movements, and ten slow exercises on the rings. A maximum of twelve marks were allowed for each combination. One of the items was a high jump which commenced at 4 feet 3 inches. Three attempts were allowed each com- petitor before withdrawal. That the competitors were good all round athletes was evinced by their exhibitions on the different apparatus, which are admirably adapted for developing skill,strength,and agilitygnere were eleven entries for the gymnastic championship,but nine only turned up to compete The following is the list of the competitors and the marks attained on the different apparatus : Bar. P Bare. Rings. High To- Name and Club. Jump. tat. B Rushavorth, Wortley Gymnastic Club 29 40 45 53 151 G Sai,dland,Armley Gym. L 23 30 39 60 158 I Johnson :%11,r Y.111.u.A. 2.8 37 37 40 14?. F W Butterworth, Lads Club Stockport HBr idley, Salford 30 29 23 50 132 H Graham Leeds Trinity Church Gymnasium P Lodge, Halifax Gymnasium 17 19 25 53 111 A Liatab, Halifax Gym 29 18 13 45 105 A Mottram, Warrington ~ 21 31 32 15 99 The Mayoress afterwards presented the medals to the successful competitors. M. B.Rushworth, for first prize received a gold medal ;G. Saudland second 'mire, gold medal ; I. Johnson, third prize gold centre medal ; F, W. Butterworth, for iourth prize, silver medal; Councillor Tinnion then proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayoress for being present that evening to present the prizes.—Mr. Wright, jun., for the Mayoress suitably acknowledged the com- pliment.—A vote of thanks was then passed to , Councillor Tinnion for having presided in the chair. ! Miss A. Clayton, of the Warrington Gymnasium performed the dutei, of accompanist at the piano,in a very efficient manner.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending MAy 21st. During the week the following births and deaths were registered Births. Deaths.

Warrington Registration Distric _ _ t 47 20 The excess of births over deaths was 27. Birth Rate 22'3 per 1,000 of the population. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 165 per 1,000, against 15.9 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 22-7 the corresponding period of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zrmotic diseases was equal to 1-6 per I,ooo,against 1-02 the average rate of the previous four weeks, and against 1-6 the corresponding period ot 1897. The ages of mortality were- 0-1. 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 5 2 1 0 6 6 20. Th,: deaths inciuded-1 from measles, 1 from whoop- ing cough, 1 from pbthisis, 5 from luag diseases, 1 Too following cases of intectious disease from injuries, 11 from all other causes. have been reported during the week :—Nil. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending 21st May—Nil. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 48 Fah., and therefore about the same as the preceding week. The maximum temperature 64F. was recorded ' on the 17th inst., and the minimum temperature 31 F. on the 15th inst. The rainfall measured .51in. The general direction was B.E , the reading of the anemometer denoting 930 miles. - -

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

Fever Hospital, Aikin Street, Warrington. Report for the month ending 30th April, 1893. In Liospital on the it of April 4 Admitted during the month Cases of Smallpox Cases of Scarlet I ever (Warrington) Cases of Typhus Fever Cases of Enteric Never, Warrington Cases of Diphtheria Nil Other Diseases Nil

Total 6

Discharged Cured Dean 1 In Hospital on the Ist ot.rday _

Total 6

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Superintend( nt

PRRSONAL. At tha Royal BotanioM Gardens, Old Trafford, Mr. R. A. Naylor, of Cuerdon Hall, secured the 2nd prize in the amateurs clips for calcsolarins. On Eaturday the Mayor (Alderman J. E. Wright) in his official capacity, representing the town, and Alderman Francomb, Councillor Lee, and Mr. Dees (water engineer), in their private capacities, atten- do the funeral of Mr. Gladstone. The Mayor tele- graphed to the Conserveitive Club in the evening to tee effect that he wee very much impressed with the ceremony, and should never forget it.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN &ND NEWTON,

WARGRAVE CHURCII, EAILLESTOWN.

On Sunday morning the Rev. J. Carson preached in the Wargrave Church, in aid of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in foreign parts. lie took for his subject" The Church in the World."

===== 0002601_18980603_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE LATE MR. GLA.DSTONE.

On Sunday morning it—S;Pe-ci-a-17;-1-u--femoriam ' service was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Rarlestown,the sermon being preached by the Rev. E. R.. Davies,who made special reference to the late Mr. Gladstone. The Rev. F. E. Miller also preached a eirnihir sermon in the Baptist chvel on Sunday evening. There were fair congregations in each case.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO A. SCHOLAR.

On Monday afternoon, a boy named Thompson, a scholar attending the Primitive Methodist School, met with a serious accident whilst playing in the schoolroom of the above school. The boy, along with some other boys, was jumping over forms, when he tripped and fell, dislocating his elbow- joint. tie was taken ta Dr. Valentine,who put the injured limb into position, and the boy is now pro- gressing favourably. HOPE OP EARLESTOWN LODGE, 1.0.G.T. On Tuesday evening a successful gathering of the above Order met at the Co-operative Hall. Bro. J. Taylor, C.T., presided, and one candidate was ad- mitted to the Lodge and several proposed. Bro. J. Taylor gave a report of the District Lodge held at Southport on Saturday last, afterwards the rest of the business being deferred to the Business Com- mittee. An entertainment followed, consisting of songs and recitations ably rendered by the following brothers :—Bros. Singleton. J. Taylor, and a Lanca. shire reading by Bro. 11.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE COURT AND PRISON GATE MISSION. _ _ _

On Friday afternoon a meeting was held at the Town Hall, Earlestown in aid of the funds of the above. Captain Withington, J.P. of Culcheth Hall presided. The speakers were the Rev. T. R. Nlatthews vicar of Earlestown the Rev. 3. Hirst, the Secretary, Mr. Robert Garnett, J.P. of Warring- ton, and Mr. Henry Taylor Police Court missionary. The collection amounted to £4, and several collec- tion cards were taken by the ladies. The Rev. T. R. and Miss Matthews afterwards provided tea. .WHITSIINTIDE AT EARLBSTOWN.

With the exception of the Vulcan Foundry, all the works in the neighbourhood were closed for the Whit Monday holiday. The weather on Saturday was very fine and bright and augured well for a pleasant Whitsuntide, and in consequence many people have left the town for various places at which to spend the short time at their disposal. Monday opened fine, but dull and threatening, and shortly after 10 o'clock lain began to fall and con- tinued without intertnission during the whole of the day and well into the night. Outside recreation was entirely out of the question, and as a conse- quence the publicans reaped the benefit. The usual Sunday School proce-sions were held, particulars of which will be found in another column. ACCIDENT TO A SOY AT EARLESTOWN. On Tuesday mornings boy named William Brown son of Mr. Brown schoolmaster at the Earlestown District School met with a very serious accident. 118 was riding on the back of another boy in the school yard playing what is known as "tourna- ments." Wham he tell awkward' j to the ground, and was unable to rise. It was thought he had broken his kg, but on Dr. llandyside • being called iin t was found that he had dislocated his thigh. Dr. Handyside put the lad under chloroform, and put the limb into position again, but it will be some considerable time before he will be able to make tree use of the

MARRIAGE OF Miss LIZZIE CLARKE. At the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Earlestown on Thursday afternoon, Miss Elizabeth Ann Clarke, youngest daughter of Mr. Thomas Clarke, news- agent, Market-street, Earlestown was united in marriage to Mr. Walter Baines of Preston. The Rev. R. Davies was the officiating minister, and the bride who looked very becoming in her bridal at- tire was Riven away by her fattier. Her bridesmaid was Miss Baines sister of the bridegroom, and the groomsman was Mr. John R. Clarke, brother of the bride. After the ceremony a reunion was held at the Primitive Methodist schoo:room, when about 40 guests were present. The happy couple left dur- ing the afternoon for Llandudno where the honey- moon will be spent. The presents were numerous, and of a choice and useful character.

EARLEBTOWN SOCIAL CYCLING CLUB. A. general meeting if the members of this elub was held at the headquarters, Wellington Hotel, on Wednesday evening. The chief business of the meeting was the election of a committee to carry through the arrangements for the annual cycle car- nival, to be held in the course of a month or two. Mr. C. Chorlton was appointed chairman ; Mr. P. MacNlahon, vice-eh airman; Mr. J. W. Thorpe, treasurer; Mr. C. Dickenson, treasurer, Mr. T. War- ing, secretary ; and the following selec.ed as the Comtni•tee :—Messrs. T. Bowes, Crossley, J. Clarke, ,L, B. Porter, F. Lamb, Preston, Coombs, Clough, Austin, 0 Nbridge, J. Anderton, and J. L. Evans. Several suggestions as to the object ot the parade, and tne date on which it is to be held were thrown out, but it was decided to leave these matters over to the first inacitiN of the coaltuiteee to be held next Tuesiay evening.

CADATA OF TIMPBRANCE. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Samuel Morley Section of Cadets of Temperance was held in the Co-operative Hall, on Wednesday evening, The meeting was duly opened by Bro. J. Judson, W.P. After the usual business had been gone through Bro. Judson read a letter from The Grand Worthy Patron in which he congratulated the Lodge on their success in the National Division Competitions, which are open to all the Lodges iii Great Britain and Ireland, they having carried off no less than six of the prizes which are as follows : Amy Jones, 3rd prize, knitting cuffs; Harry Jud- son, Ist prize, essay on four reasons against the use of tobacco ; Joseph Porter, 2nd prize, essay on four reasons against the use of tobacco; Fred Bolton, 2nd prize, model drawing; Edith Judson, 2nd prize, essay on the manufacture of wine; Charles Porter, 2nd prize, essay on" Father Matthew." The St. Helens Lodqe have also carried off one prize, viz: Thomas Webster, 2nd prize, freehand drawing. Arrangements were made for the annual picnic which is to be held at " The Hazels " near Prescot on the 2nd July. The meeting was closed in the usual way.

POLICE COURT MisszoN. On Thursday last week the Rev. T. R. and Miss Matthews kindly gave a drawing-room meeting at Earlestown on behalf of the above. Captain With- ington, JR. presided and gave an excellent testi- mony to the good work being done by the mission. Mr. R. Garnett briefly traced the history of the mission work and spoke of his permal knowiedge of great good being done in the courts at Warring- ton by Mr. Taylor, Mr. Gsrnett urged all present to give their earnest support to so good a work. Other speakers were the Rev. T.R. Matthews(vicar) Rev. S. first, Diobesan secretary, and Mr. Taylor, P.C.M. Warrington. A collection was r aken on be- half of the mission a good sum being realized. Tea and coffee were afterwards served by the r host and hostess and closed a very pleasant meet- ing.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, HELENS.

- • —• A COLLIER'S DELUSIONS. Joseph Ingham, collier, of Burtonwood, wag placed in the dock et St. Helens on Wednesday as a lunatic wan- dering at large. Constable Ackers stated that the prisoner entered the police office on the previous day, and made statements to the effect that his relatives at Liverpool were conniving against him. They bad, he said, placed electric batteries to his head, and they were trying to hang him. Dr. Challenor, who had examined the prisoner, certified that he was suffering temporarily from the ddusion that he was under some electric influ- ence. An ardor was made for his detention for 14 days. THEFT FROM ST. HELENS R&ILWAY STATION. 1 William Golding,of Green-bank, was charged at St. I Helens on Monday with being drunk and disorderly, and also with stealing fish from the London and North-Wes- tern Railway station on the 197,h April. Detective Davies,on the night in question, found the prisoner and another man stealing fisti,and had a severe struggle with the priscuer, who got away after kicking the detective. —Golding wag fined 53. and costs, or seven days for each offence.

THEFT OF A WATCH AND CHAIN AT ST HELENS. IViWarn Shannon, a young man living at 83.1.y0n-st., was charged at St. Helens on Thursday, before Sir David Ciainn!e and Mr. C. Sharpies, with stealinc a watch value 12i. 61, the property ot Elias Lyon.—Mrs. Marsh raid that On TUOSCIAV afternoon she was standing at the door of her h-iuse, 66, Lyon-street, when prisoner and two other men came along. Prisoner had his face blacked, and the two men, with the object of getting away from prisoner, asked permission to go tbroughlher house. She went out into the yard to unfasten the door, when the Paw that pris.aner had followed into the house. When she got tuck, he and ths watch were missing.— Mrs.Mulliu said that she plodg,ed the watch for prisoner, believin it was his property.—Prisoner was committed g for fourteen days' hard labour.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
AslAuLr ON A WAR L),INGTON BAILIFF AT EARLEST9WN.

DEFENDANTS COMMITTED TO THE QUARTER SESSION'S. On Thursday morning at the Warrington Occa- sional Court, before Councillor John Crosfield, Michael and Margaret Knight were charged with having on the 13th May, at Earlestown, inflicted grievous bodily harm upon Walter Newton, one of the bailiffs of the Warrington County Court.—Mr. Browne appeared to prosecute, and Mr. 11. L. Riley represented the defendants. Mr. Ria-y said that before Mr Browne proceeded to open the case he should like to suggest a matter of pro- cedure. It was quite possible, if his (Mr. Riley's) in- structions were correct, that the highest paint at which the charge could affect the prisoners was that of com- mon assault. If this were a petty sessioos, and not an occasional court, the offence could he dealt with sum- marily. What was passing through his mind was that the charge might be reduced. Mr. Browne replied that if the Bench thought that oaly a caminaa assault had been committed, and that there was not sufficient evidence to sustain the charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm, the Court could remand to the next Petty Sessions. Mr. Riley said that would suit him. Councillor Crosfield : I cannot judge until I have hearl some evidence. Mr. Browne then detailed the facts of the case, re- marking that Earlestown. was in the Warrington County Court district, and it was part of the bailiffs"' duty to execute commitmeats that bad been granted by the jutge of the court. In the present case a commitment was granted on the 9th December, 1897, against Michael Knight, to commit to prison for 36 days in default of the payment of £l. 91 91. The bailiffs had on a number of occasions tried to arrest him, but could not find nim, and on the 6th May,Newton, accompanied by a police officer, went to the defendants' house. lie saw the female defendant and asked Iser where her husband was, when she replied "You are too late, you will not get him. I will send him away to Scotland to-morrow morning. Why don't you work for a living, like other folks?'' these remarks being punctuated with oaths. She also made use of threats. They did not find the man, and the constable advised her to be quiet, Later on the compninant was in Leghastreet, Earles- town, when he met the male defend ant, and told him that he hod a warrant for his apprehension, an that he was a bailiff of the Warrington County Court. Whilst the officer was getting hold of him the female defendant Mlle up in a fearfal rage and struck the bailiff with her fist and followed the assault up with other blows. The son came upon the sceue,caught hold of the complainant and dragged him down, and he had to release his hold of the male defendant, who, beiog at liberty, to :k a running kick at Newton, breaking a rib. Efe (Mr. Browne)did not know what the defence was going to be, but he had respectable witnesses to prove the assault. Leah-street. Earlestown, was a very notorious street, so much so that the bailiffs were afraid to ge down it, and the effect this prosecution must have upsn the street would be of uotold worth, because the officers of the court had a nasty duty to perform,aad thevn3 orformedit. When Newton came to himself he found himself reared llu against a shop wall. He was in a very we alt condition A lad brooch: him his cap, and he was subssquently EONI by the police. When he returned home Nwr ton had to consult a doctor, who ordered him to go to bed. Pr. Bowden examined him, and found that a rib had been broken. possibly a second one, but the doctor could not say definitely at that time. For a fortnight the corn• Maioant had been spitting blood. The assault, there- fore, could not be a small one, it was one of inflicting grevious bodily harm, Walter Newton, 24, Ashtonaltreet, Warrington, said he had been a bailiff of the Warrington County Court for fourteen months. On the 6th May he went to de- fendant's house and saw the female defendant,who made certain statements in the presence of P.C. Brindle. On the 13th May he was again in Earlestown going down Legh-street with the warrant in his possession. He met Mich sei Knight. and told him he was an officer of the Warrington County Court, and the warrant was for his apprehension for the payment of Ll. 9i, 91. The defendant then asked him, "Could he go home ?" but he said he must go with him to the Police Station. Defendant then attempted to get away, and he caue,ht hold of him by the collar and advised him to go quietly. S me people then got round witness, and someone asked who witness was,and the reply was " that he was a bailiff." At that point the female defendant rushed up in a very excited state, and dealt him, with her right clenched fist, a terrific blow in the left eye, followed be two others,in rapid succession, exclaimina "There, you pig, I told you I would do it for you." Up to that time the male defendant had done nothing but tried to get away from him. He then felt someone place one of his arms round his neck from behind, as he had hold of the male defendant, and be attempted to kick him, when someone else gave him a kick behind the knees which caused him to fall to the ground. He brought the male defendant also to the ground with him, when some man seizsd witness's right arm, and gave it a smart jerk behind him, saying "You won't use that arm again for a bit." In consequence he had to liberate the male defendant, who got up and gave him severe kick in the ribs on time right side, as he lay on the ground. He did not remember anything further until he found himself leaning against a wall with a crowd around him. A boy brought Itis;cap to him, and the defendants had both gone. He than saw two police- ' men, and subesquently came back to Warrington. He was very ill during the night, from pains in the head and spitting blood. The following morning he applie I for a warrant, which was granted. The 93RIP day be Was visited by Dr. Bowden, who had attended to him since. He was confined to his bed a fortnight, and he had been spitting blood during that time, and had suffered a great deal from a bad cough. In cross-examination witness said he had never re- ceived a glass of whiskey from the female defendant for his cough. The day of the occurrence was on a Newton race day, and the streets were crowded when he saw the male defendant. Before arresting defendant he had a glass of Stout and a meat pie in the Glans Barrel public- house, for his lunch, arid was not under the influence of drink when he arrested him. Defendant asked him to go home with him, but witness declined, as it was not their practice to do so. A postman refused to give him ; assistance in conveying defendant to the Police Station. : Defendant's son, when he came to the crowd only said I "Let him go," meaning his father. The crowd did not cry "shame" on him. He did not strike Mrs. Knight at 1, all. Before becoming a bailiff witness was a constable ' , in the employ of the Cheshire Lines Committee, and the , manager had given him the highest testimonial. fer.Bowden.Bold-street,Warrinaton,said he was called in to camplainant,ann found his left eye blackened. He , complained of a tenderness in his right shoulder and the right side of has chest. Be had a cough, and said that he was spitting blood. Witness examined his side, and came to the conclusion that he had a fractured rib. He then ordered him to bed. The next morning he ex- amined hint again, and found in addition to the in- juries he had discovered the previous day a bruise over the right hip and another on the back. The whole time he coughed incessantly, and that made it diffitult to examine him. On the 16th and 17th May he saw him spit blood on both occasions. That pointed to an in-. jury to the lung from the fractured rib penetrating it tie was in very great pain. For the first few days his life was in danger. He was attending him now, and he was recovering, For twelve or fourteen days he was confined to his bed, and for at least a fortnight he would not be fit to resume his occupation. The in- juries he had described were quiteconsistent with prose- cutor'e statement. Cross-examined by Mr. Riley : The disposition of the marks pointed to him having teen assaulted by someone more than once. As to the injuries on his side, sup- posed to have been sustained whilst !pine an his left side, he thought it probable that the violence had been inflicted on this front of him rather than from behind. The tenderness of the shoulder indicated a sprain. James Thomas, postrnan,ls. Grant-street, Earlestown, said he was delivering his letters at 4.50 p.m., on the 12th May in Legh-street. He saw Newton had hold of Knight by the arm. There was no crowd round them. Newton said to him " I want you to assist me to take this man." Witness replied "lam on duty." When he got to the corner of Sharpe's shop ho saw the female de- fendant come up and strike complainant in the face., A crowd gathered round, and he could not see what hap- peued. As the crowd closed in ha saw the male defend- ant run away. When he passed him he 'said, " Toat's all I wanted, she'll soon settle it for me." He saw Naw- ton walk away holding hia hands to his face. The disturbance only lasted about four minutes. Christina Jones, of 27, Houghton-street, Earlestown, said she saw Newton hold of Knight's coat, heard him ask the postman `Ftiomas to come and assist him. A crowd then assembled, and Mrs. Knight came up and struck the bailiff twice. Police-constable Brindle said he accompanied the bailiff Newton to the aefendant's house. The male de- , fondant was out at the time. He heard the female de- fendant use certain statements against Newton. John Johnson, collier, residing at Legiastreet, Earles- town, called for the defence, said he saw Newton get hold of Knight by the coat collar, bet did not see Mrs. Knight strike the bailiff. Elizabeth , Flemino of Earlestown, another witness car- e roborated all the previous witness said. Joseph Phillips, fish salesman, Tamworth-street, Earlestawn. said he was Corning from the races on 13th May. Newton had Knight by the coat with the tso hands, Be also saw Mrs. Knight come upon the scene and make a " crack " at the bailiff, with the right ha nil. ' Michael Knight,on being sworn. said " all I have to say was what I told the police sergeant, that I never ' either struck or kicked the bailiff." Mary Knight said, " all I have to say is that I went to rescue my husband from being pulled about the roads. My husband neither struck nor kicked him." Mr. Riley said he saw nothing to make it a ease of ' "inflicting grevious bodily harm." It was merely one of common assault. The prisoners were committed to the Lverpool Quar- ter Sessions, and were released on bail.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL.

The local ceremony of crowning the May Queen was brou4ht to a successful issue t E..rlestown on Saturday afternoon. In striking cotrrut to the orevious Satur- day, from which day it was posoned, owing to the dampness of the elements,the weather was all that could be desired,the only discomfort b4ng experienced on the field, where the strong wind which blew across it, was keenly felt. With this exception the conditions were most favourable. Owing no doubt to the enforced post- ponement the procession in the streets suffered some- what,and on all hands it was admitted that neither in proportion nor in quality did it equal those of previous years. The approacn of Wnitsuo;ide,and the procession of 8 ,nday schools wag another /actor which militated against the celebration,while the exo lug of many people for the holiday accounted for the reduced attetvlance of spectators in the streets. flail-past one was the hour appointed for the children taking part in the procession to assemble on the field b:!himi Messrs. T. and T.Vicar's works, but before that hour arid for some time after- wards the children were seen hurrying to the rendezvous in a.diversity of characters,

Whilst the marshalling of the procession was in pro- gress,the judges, Messrs. W. Gilbert, and W. G. Dixon proceeded with theu• task of awarding the prizes for the best turnouts far horses and conveyancies. Tile entries were not large, and the judges had little difficulty in making their awards.as follows :—Ciass A (tradesmen's class) : let and special priz given by Mr. L. Cutts),Mr. R. Alderson ;2od,Mr. 'Palmas Malyneux ; 3rd, Mr. Jos. Cawley. Class B : let and special piez s given by Mr. Grey), Sankey Sugar Cimpaav, carter, W. Dutton; 2ad, Midland Railway Company (Warri:eston),carter,Chattel; 3rd, Midland Railway Company, cart -r, &Ater. Soon after 2-30 the procession was got into something like order, and preceded be the Marshals on horseback and a conveyance containing the Lissy. T. R. Matthew (chairman of c ommittee) and Councillor Gilmour, vice chairman, left the field and trasnried the following routes: Q seen-street, Ffoughton-street, Derby-street, Hotel-street, Bridge-street, Market-street, to the Vicar- age, Sankey-street, Regent-street, Viadoct-street. Wood- street, Bank-street, returning by way of Earle-street, to the field. Following the conveyance referred to came ilswer girls, and immediately afterwards followed the Earlestown Prize band, leading the floral dancers, who were very prettily attired.the fello,aing being the girls —Lily Singleton, Agnes Waddington, Annie Kynaston, Mary Skidmore, Ellen Allison. May Green, Sarah Jane Carlin, J4QO Dutton, Clara Wilson, Lydia Busby, Fanny Bagey, Harriet Nield,Aenie Sisurroek,Fiorrie Waterman, L;zzie Caldwell, Sarah Eaves, Filth Wright. Emily Woodward, Nancy Stonelseuse, L'zzie Cannon, Lily Ha warth,Nellie Reyndels,Kate Taylor,Lily Nashdairiam Wright, Lizzie Adams, Alice Cressloy, Rose Maley, Emma Wrigley, Mary Burrows, Sarah Dutton, Frances Cruikshanks. Then came the May Pole dancers, alro tastefully robed, ag under :—Lily Crossley, May Gen, Jessie K 91110,13, Maud Green, Alice Audley, Ndlie Eluddleston, Elizabeth Rigby, Mary Ellison, R 039 Robinson, Polly Green, Alma FI ooper, Amy Aulley, Ellen Keo wl len, Annie Peters, Lily Mottram, Lily Singleten. Eva Goodwin, Rebecoa Travis, Alice Shaw, Jemi ma Price Clara Booth, Louisa Barratt. Jane Walton, Lillie jay:isms. Faith Wright, &rah A. Haines, Elizabsyh Pilling, and Florrie Panketh. Next came Conveyance with Haves, juvenile bakers, bakers' turnouts, B s-Peep and B y Blue, Two Little Girls in Blue, Shepherds ani Shepherdesses, Red Riding Floods, Colour Bays, Primrose Queen, Astley King's Turnout, Soldiers, fleepital Nurses, Butchers ; Mark- land's tnrnout, joiners, whr sl wrights, painters, coopers ; colliersjoe Brannig en's ba.nd,brieksetters and labourers. doggers, shoemakers, tailors, barbers, blacksmiths and strikers, milkmaids, dres ;makers. waitresses,gipsy boys, gipsy girlsscrickesers,Queen Rosebud (Miss May Morris), in her carriage attended by her train bearers. cowboys, Buffalo Bill, Mexican Joe; j sckeys, hunters, Zelu, fruit girls, Italian girls and boys; ex-queen (Miss Alice Evans), attended by her Traim flaarari and Maids of Honour ; Ally Sloper, Wife and Family ; .J. Camas's Turnout, Cyclists, Americ ci Gerls, Nancy Lees, Sailor Girls; lorry with Spring, Sarnaser, Aetninti arid Winter, ball; Footballers,lurry and boys dressed for !Slat; ng, o:Settee, Tennis, and Foot- with Britannia (Misslluidleston), surrounded by Ensland,lreland,Scotland,and Wales, the British Army and Navy, aid British P)ssessions. India, Australia, Canada, arid Africa; Clowns, Niggers, Mashers, E arlestown Jubilee Steam Laundry Exhibit, Parr St. Peter's Brass Band, Policemen AI, Sword carer, Sceptre be'srer, Crown bearer ; the Queen (Miss Edith Stokes), attended by Company of Highlanders in charge of Mr. J. Kyneston, Pages, Train Bearers, I Maids of Honour (Sissy Harrison, Harriet Ellis, Eliza- I both Unsworth, Amy Knosvlrlen and Maggie Openshavr. A humvurous tone to the proceedings was introduced by a Mr. J. Camm, whose turn out was really remarkable, ; whilst a party of young fellows had adorned themselves as lads, cyclists,and had managed to get hold of a couple of antiquated bicycles on which they did their best to amuse the spectators. The Queen looked very pretty in a dress of gold and heliotrope, shot with pearl and lace trimmings, and rode in a landau drawn by four grey horses with outriders, the guard of honour being fur- nished by the mimic Highland soldiers: On returning to th- field the Queen was crowned by Mrs. Valentine, and after being presented with the sceptre, the band struck up the National Anthem. The festivities were afterwards prnceelod ssrith ael consisted of the May Pole dance, and Floral dance under the supervision of Mr. G. Shim, who with Mr. J. Jones also officiated as masters of the ceremonies. An enter- tainment was also given by Uada and GYM, and The Smalleys, upon the rings and trapsze and triple horizon• tal bars. The Scsteh soldiers were put through their drill and exercise by Mr. J. Kynaston. The attendance of the public on the field was fairly numerous, and it was hoped the financial result would be satisfactory. ! The arrangements were carried out by the following as a Committee. Messrs. G. Bailey, J. Burrows, J. Barr jun., Joseph Clarke,H. Crowther, W. A. Cave, J. Baston, C. Wheeler, J. Jones, W. Lanwarne, Ss. H. Lea, A. Shall- cross,H. Tarbuck, G. Payne, P. Naylor, T. Woods, secre- tary J. Waddington.

===== 0002601_18980603_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHURCH DIFFERENCES AT

RAYDOCK.

THE PARISHIONER'S WARDEN.

_ In consequence of the f act le it the election of Mr. John Robinson as Parishioner'a Warden for the parish of St. James', Haydock, was not legally condacted, a meet- ing for the purpose of making a legal selection was called by the Vicar (the Rev. F. J. Ireland) on Thursday even- ing. The meeting was held in the National Sehoolrsom, and was presided over by the Ray. F. J. Ireland. There was a very largo attendance of parishioners. The Vicar stated that this was a resumption of the vestry meeting which was abruptly terminated at Easter, , and they could now proceed with the election of a parishioner's warden. Mr. Hilton moved the appointment of Mr. J. Robinson as people's warden. He proceeded to refer to acts in the Church to which objection had been taken, and said the Archdeacon had told the Vicar he was breaking the law in wearing certain vestments and using certain cere- monials.

The Vicar said he did not. They had all this up be- fore at previous meetings. What wa i the use of wasting time? Was there any good in bringing thorn up to-night? Mr. Hilton contended there was good in bringing these things to light. Mr. Robinson said he would have to refer to them if they were going to pursuade him to b 3 people's warden.

The Vicar : All right go on with the argument. Mr. Hilton said he had to ask Mr. Robinson it he vrai prepared t continue the work which he had begun pro- perly, and was he prepared not to compromise them without giving them some intimation on the p Ant. They were not going to b 3 compromised on any point ; it was not to be peace at any prioe ; they were going to accept nothing less than sixteen ounces to the Pound from the pulpit, and nothing but Protestantism in the Church.

Mr. R. Gregory seconded. Mr. Robinson after a lengthy statement bearing chiefly upon the ritual of the church, in which he aßeged that the vicar was not acting in accordance with the law in regard to his conduct of the services, sad said that he was not carrying out fully the four points upon which the bishop had directed him. The Vicar said that was an accusation and the Bishop of Liverpool would settle it. Mr. Robinson said he should he sorry to make an ac- cusation. He Believed he had a conscientious duty a perform in preventing the church being carried over o the Church of Rome, and be did not think the Vic ar ought to be unkind to them for trying. He could not see his way to accept the position of warden for the I next 12 months. He proposed Mr. Hilton, and 61r. W. I Marsh seconded.

The Vicar said that was a new parish and the church- warden must be a communicant of the parish. That was the law of the land, and that was his objection to the nomination.

Mr. Robinson : If you make that objection seriously, I shall move the adjournment of the meetinz until the opinion of the Bishop's Secretary can be obtained. The Vicar : That is my ruling. Mr. Robinson. Then I move that this meeting be adjournod to a future date, until decision is received upon the objection raised. Mr. W. Marsh seconded and the nation was unani- mously carried.

BANK QUAY SAILING CLUI3 In connection with this club the first match took place on the Mersey on Monday afternoon,and resulted as follows :-Ist, Nellie, Mr. Fair Turner ; 2nd. Nymph, Mr. R. Barthen ; and 3rd, Pink, Mr McClue. There were eight boats in the race, which was witnessed by a large crowd. On Tuesday even- ing a substantial dinner was partaken of by 40 members at the Bowling Green House, Liverpool- road, Mr, Campbell being the caterer, Mr. 11. War- burton presided, and after dinner toasts of " The Queen and Royal Family," "Army and Navy," and "Success to the Sailing Club" were drunk. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Green for starting the ' boats in the niatch On Monday'

===== 0002601_18980603_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

THE.. WA IL

RENEWED BOMBARDMENT OF SANTIAGO. . Tuesday's attack on Santi igo does not appear to have done much damage, and was probably nothing more than a reconnaisance of the apnroaehee to Santiago. . NEW YORE, THURSDAY. TWorld "publishes a despatch from ita eerrhese "Eveningoon dentat Port-au-Prince staling that according to advices received there from Santiago the American squadron made a renewed attack upon the forts at tbe entrance to the bay this morning. The town was In a state of panic' and it was feared that at any moment alh assault would be made by 3,000 insurgents on land aS well as by the Americans frornthe sea. More mines have been laid down its the channel. A later telegram says it is reported from Santiago that the rebels from Siguano camp attacked the city in three columns from Caopo Real. San Antonio, and Cani,and that a bloody and deterneirsed fight was proceeding when the despatch was sent off. RAILWAY DISASTER AT LEYLAND. THREE PERSONS KILLED AND TWENTY INJURED. A disastrous collision to place at Leyland on the joint Lancashire mail Yorkshire and London and North-Western Railway at nine o'clock last night.' As far as can be ascertained, two excursion trains were proceeding from Blackpool to Manchester. The first was blocked at Leyland. The second train crashed into the tail end with terrible effect. As quickly as possible effective aid was rendered. It was found that three persons had been killed outright, and some twenty in- , jured. Fifteen of the injured were conveyed to the Railway Hotel, and afterwards sent forward te Preston. One of the passengers, Mrs. Renshaw, the wife of William Henry Renshaw, of 52, Piiilios Park-road, Manchester, told a pitiable story. She said she belor,ged, like trio other travellers by the ill-fated train, to the. Canning-etreet Temperance Society. After a pro 'sant day at Blackpool they left on the return j am-net, at four minutes past eight. On nearing Leyland station the train drew up, and her hue- band and one or two pessengere looked out of the win- dew to See if they ceull ascertain the reason. One of them had hardly resumed his seat when there was a tre- mendous crash, and thee were dashed villently about. We were in the last carriage but one," continued Mrs. Renshaw (whose bead was all bandaged, her cheek be- ing badly bruised, and the right earring having been literally cut trorn her ear), "and the sheuk threw us all in a heap. ' Oas of my little girls I nicked up and threw out through the window as well as I could. She was all covered with blood. Another of the children was flung out of the carriage in some way, and we found her in a ditch by the aisle of the line. My husband is very badly hurt, I am afraid, and he has been kept back and sent to Preston Infirmary. I shall never forget it. When the collision occurred our carriage seemed to he all broken Into smithereens." Mrs. Renshaw and the children Svhona she bad brought with her were sent home in a cab. _

Mr. Ste ptoe, traveller, 29, Plymmath-street, Lower Broughton,whose bead was bound up in a blond-stained hankerchief, said there was a terrific crash, and we were all flung from our seats. In some way or other we got out of the carriage, and then we found that we had run into a Blackpool excursion. I don't kaow exactly how many were ki:led, but I was told that at least three passengers had been fatally injured. One poor young • fellow who is among the killed had only been married a few weeks. One woman I aw appoared to have both legs broken and her back injured. GREAT FIRE A e PESgAWUR. 8011B9Y, THURSDAY. 'I7A great fire broke out in Pechawur city at eight o'clock on Tuesday morning and continued until nine o'clock on Wednesday maiming. Four thousand houses were des- troyed. The daraacm is eatimat“i at faur crores of rupees. It i 3 believed that this is the largest conflagra- tion ever recorded to India. SERIOUS RIOTING IN INDIA.

BOMBAY, THURSDAY. A serious riot between Mahometans and HindoeS occurred at Multan, in the Punj u, yesterd ty, the last day of the Muharram festival. Klives were used, and 38 persons injured. A squadron of Lancers patrolled the city during the night, and numerous arrests were made.

RUSSIA. AND PORT ARTHUR. Sp. N7E119131712% TIII7I2I3DAY. The Russian Government is st tel to have decided 404 deepen and enlarge the barhour at Port Arthur. CRICKET. Cricket was absolutey impossible at many of the Places where county m %tches should have commenced yesterday. At o.d Traff )rd, a her Lancasisi re ought to have begun their engagement with Hampshire, play waif altogether out of the question. The same fate awai:ed the fixture at Lord's, where Middksex and Gloucester should have met ; Birmingham, where Kent and Warwickshire were engaged ; and Eastbourne, where the opposing collages were Sussex and Somerset. At Layton play commenced late in the afternoon, and. to the .t.ue or the wicket, Wu, of rather 3. sensational char Alter. Yorkshire) disposed of the Esse]; eleven for 78 runs, and than themselves lost three good wickets for eight runs. Surrey, who are playing Leicester at Leicester, Alcor" 158 in their first innings, Brock well, who went in Brat and wal not out at he end of tho ionings, scoring 76. Leicester at ths cos of the play had scared 56 for four wickets. S‘affordshire and Notts are playing at Stoke, and the Notts men. going in first, had scored 166 for seem wickets when the Stumps were drawn.

FRIARS' GREEN, WARRINGTON Sr • Arpley Station).

w

Warrington.—Printed and Published by John W LUKER 0° The Examiner General Printing Works. Bev; say-street.: and Published also at The Examiwr (Haze, Victoria -roaa WIDNES ; High-street. aliNCon 32, George.street HELENS ; 3 Mar itet•street, ILLIILVSTOwN.—JI7,M 1808.

1 ~ 1 I v , 1 . , „ , , Q, .) ,

• and Published by John Wanenn CO -al Printing Works. Bewsey-street. The Examiwr Onize, Victoria -road Riico 32, George.atreet. t•street,

===== 0002601_18980603_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
(Opposite T --

kis • AR!) AND MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments,Tonsbt, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Henrlitones in Granite, Marble, at"' Stone. Designs and Natimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND °LIMNING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPHOIALTY.

===== 0002601_18980603_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
DO NOT UNTIMELY DIN 'OR E THROATS CURED WITH ONE DOSE FENNINGS' FEVER CURER. 330we1 Complaints cured with One Dose. Typhus or Low Fever cured with Two Doses. Diptheria cured with Three Doses. Scarlet Fever cared with Four Doses. Cholera cured with Five Doses. Influenza cured with bix Doses. Sold in Bottles. Is. lid. each, with full direc- tions, by all Chemists. Read FBNNINGS' EVERYBODY'S DOCTOR." Sent post free for 13 stamps. A. FENNINGS WEST COWES, I.W. 1

GLADSTONE STATUE FOR PARLIAM.ENT SQUARE. STATUB to M. GLADSTONE Fs to be erected in PARLIAMENT SQUARE by PUBLIC SUBSCRIPTION. IRS PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER WILL be pleased to receive and acknowledge Contributions. rarther particulars of the Scheme are given in our Leader Columns.

DAILY RAILINGS. ~ NORTH WALES AND BACK Tay, l'ltz 1 SAME DAY CHEAPEST AND BilitST ,RA TRIPI, C. 177 Ir tett ‘ein Virrs,c..._t CL:l'.."' tr:.:j.t:-.';.1,....-1•1•4•14a Me -,e Pantaseph, Prestatyli, and 'thy!. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer. FLYING FALCON Ntl,ll Rail from the Prince's Landing-stage and Mostyn 1:Mo5 and other cleeurostaiseiss permitting), as under : '" gIiSOOL to MODTYS ind Back the same day. passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers tit°,,, toree hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in Wales. Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. LITERPoOL. F June 6 .....10-0 ain Monday,rJora M"TY uneSllllo p m lessiue'Y ~ 7 lO-0 ain Tuesday „ 7 2-0 pm 111 -tieedaY 8 lO-0 am W Ones. ~ g 3-0 pm s)tidik4...eeY ..9 ll.O ain Thursday „ 9 4-0 pin 10 • ll-0,. m Friday „ 10 5-0 pm 11 -0 pin Saturday ~ 11 6-0 pm gle Fare, Is 6d ; Return Fare. 21 ; Bridge extra. transferable, and available for day of issue only. hmente on board at Moderate Charges. Offices: 27, `. STR HET, Liverpool. Telephone, 2,334. ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED RAILINGS I ti. ~., STATEN. FROM LIVRRPOOL. a; uARTHAGINIAN,for Quebec and Montreal June 9th s';' CIsLIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... June 16th a i'l• s.4l.lmtotAN, for Quebec and Montreal... June 23rd A.RISIAN. for Q iebec and Montreal... June 30thl ~, !1:111 ;4ENTIAN, for Quebec and Montrcal...July 7th ~.. tai.LIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... July 14th 61:.`Ittio:_alrie_s_from £lO 10s, 2nd Cabin ET Sc, Steerage £5 1 icLoNtois Jackets to all points at special rates. free on „nNC,,.13;---, Handbook, maps rates, and full particulars at., Liveif,oo'7,'-'eu to ALLAN BROTHERS & Co., 19, James- --------------2---°-1-_. .° a, s. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warrington ' ~. b• ~I‘. WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL Al ,: ill tit.. MAIL STEAMERS. ----:...... LIVERPOOL to NEW YORE via flillillttNi Queenstown, _ . __.,,C Wed.. June B.—.TRUTONIC...Wed., June 15- sitToD bin will b 5 carried on cue voyage merged thus" !,,t4rgortP:ogeNPassage at low rates including Outfit free of ttply t cav York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. o I,4eutta , [exalt', Imam, and Co., Liverpool and 34, ~.z....._ 1 street, London MC..

DON'T -WASTE AIONEY ! D trehasing unnecessarily large packets of deeds when a smaller quantity will Duffle°. 13IDDLES AND CO., Ttits - PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, v 3.000 VARIETIES 3,000 thtlitietable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ON PaCkets. and every one of the very best quality ; estly small quantities. !e' Wa ea PRII6S OPINIONS. p Taunt but think that a very desirable scheme "(our ,1.411gh ket System) "Is here propounded."—" Peters at, '‘Andard." t;ZPerience of several years justifies the pronouncing 41ta,r_lalitY of seeds as equal to that contained in larger coShy packets."—' • Newcastle Chronicle." Z't,htfteetirl:2 has a high reputation and standiag, and we em to the notice aorf daemnsatuork gt!rridgehnte,!'i surf. and g colodeelra to make a verryg ocenomieal and effective 'Rortieultural Times." &OP 1, EGKTABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS GRATIS AND POST FREE. 9.1,0c0. )4,1444 'PLET ILLUSTEA.TIM CATALOGUE, contain ',,,DsttoPknl Vegetable and Plower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, ‘417 44., with descriptions and cultural directions. strattone. the whole forming a eomplete Garden and post free.

ANTIQUE FURNITURE. G. AND J. WEAVER, are Exhibiting OF FE IN f' Ti FURNITURE, S. BRIDGE-STRHET. See Windows.

HIGHUST AWARD AT THE EXHIBITION. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. T. DAINTITII, GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER, SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES, ROVER. CENTAURS ARIELS, AND OTHER MALES OF CYCLES. New Mistress Address 121, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

RUPTUREs, FOR CURB OF RCPTURRS. T. IiGGINGTON'S Improved liffeataal TRUSS for Cure Of Rupture; registered ; aonsulting hours 10 till 3. Tress and Surgical Appliance Works, 7A 9. arrosvenor-atreet 1,01. don-road. Manchester.

VLECTRO-PLATING, GI LDI & ENGRATING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. -1-14 ARTICLES MADE EQUAL TO NEW, at lowest cost. C.talogues free. JOSEPIi.IGHAM, LIMITED. H 127, STRANGEWAYS, MANCHESTER, (Opposite the Assize Courts.) SPECIAL EMS TO THE TRADE, SI MPLYBEAUT I 1, UL. WEAR THE 1. From I NiTtTRAL IMMOVABLE 21/. CURLED From PRINCES. SCALPETTESB T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-S1 REE I, LIVERPOOL. . THAT IDEA OF YOURS, mu NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? j. A. COUBROUGIL REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (' t. Britain). Qual. by Examinatim. Also Registered Patent Ag, nt of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

W. B. SWEETDIAN'S HAIR LOTION, dila Beat Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE Is. 6d. PR BOTTLB. 5, RANELAGH-STRI(BT, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

AMERICAN Ice Cream FREEZERS.-1.000 sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice Glasses.—Howsans AND Co., 108, White- cnapel, Liverpool.

To all Parties Commencing Bu-iness.—Where to Purchase at the Hight Price,—GROCIIRS' FITTINDS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit, 'fob wconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted ; a splea- did selection to choose train; inspection invited ; estimstes tree.—Enwanns AND Co,, 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

ARGAI N. X4OO wnrth Confectioner's GLASSES. latest shapes ; 5 Ovens. 40 Marble Tables, 500 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—EnwaßDS, 108, White-obapel, Liverpool.

REMOVAL—J. R. HAGUK, Accountant and Es- tate Agent (late of 25, 13 ioth street, Manchester). removed to NEILLS' BUILDINGS, 45, pring Gardens, Manchester. Chief Rents wanted also Mortgage Securities, j- iiICHARDSON AND CO., PAPER-HANGING MERCHANTS. 9, A.ND 11, THOMAS-BTREET, SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER. Fr

ISLE OF MAN EXPRESS' MAIL STEAMERS. (Sundays excepted). From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLAS, To Thursday. 26th May. Saturday and Mon lay, Saturday and Monday, 10-30 a m and 4 p m 9 a in arid 4 pm Other Weekdays...ll-30 am Other Weekdays 9a m Monday, May 23rd ...12-30 a In Friday. 27th May, to 7th June, Daily...lo-30 a m and 2 p I Dail 9a m and 4p m EXTRA SAIL' ta Gs, rally, Friday, 27th May to Whit-Mon 6-30 pm &12 night Saturday 4 June 12 night Every Monday l2-30 a m Friday, 27th sp m Daily. Monday 30th, to Friday, Saturday 23th 3pm&s pm I June 3rd 12 night Whit-Monday 1 a m Saturday, 4th June 5 p in ORB DAY EXCURSIONS. Whit-Monday, lam and 10-30 am, rerurning 4 p 6-30 pm or 12 night. Also DAILY May 27 to June 6. From Liverpool —lO-30 am I From Douglas 4 p m Douglas arrive about 2 p inl Liverpool arr. about 7-45 p in DAY EXCURSION tickets are also issued by all 12 midnight steamers from Liverpool. available to return next day at 4 pin or 12 night, if steamers ativeatised. Saturday midnight passengers return Sunday midnight. LrvERPOOL TO RAMSEY Draanr.--Every Saturday, 12-30 noon, via DOUGLAS Thursday, May 26th. at 1 1.30 a in ; Fri- days, lidAy ,27th and June 3rd; Whit-Monday, Thursday, 2nd, Tuesday, 7th. at 2 p in Isle of Man Steam Packet :Company, Limited, Imperial. buildings, Douglas. _ _ _ _ .L:it• LrlifliPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling at GREHNOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting OWL Al) BEAR Or other Steamers are intended ti sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen o2ourrence). JUNE. PROM LIVERPOOL PROM GLASGOW Clarence Dock and by train from Glasgow South-West Side. (Central Station) to Greenock at 5.58 p in. Wednesday Bth. 1 p in Monday 6th, 2 p in Monday 13th, 6 p in Friday 10th. 2 p in Friday 17th, 9 p m Wednesday 15tn, 2 p in Wednesday 22nd, 12 noon Monday 20th, 2 p in ORDINARY FARES—Cabin (single). 10s. ; return (available for two months), its. ; steerage, (siagle) 55. ; SPECIAL FARES :—Dabln return (available for ten days). its 6d. ; Steerage return (available for ten dap). 7s. 6d. Through bookings in connection with Cheshire Lines between Warrington. Maochester, and Glarig me and G:eenosk. Re- turn tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited. C. MACIVER & CO.. Managers Albert Square, Manchester. and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ‘4l, ISLE OF MAN. '!' !1' Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m DouGr.As to BARROW—at 830 a.m. Train in Connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at. 9.56 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington.:— First class and Saloon 23a. 6d. Trains run Third class and Sal on 155. Od. alongside Third class and Fore Cabinals Od. J steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE—CIROULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or tice versa, can N w be obtained at fellowing Fares First-class and Saloon l9s, Od. Third-class and Saloon 135. 6d. Third-class and Fore (labia... 95. 6d. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer " DUO HES OF DEVONSHIRE " will be on the service during July. August and September. There will be EXTRA sailing. every SATURDAY. July 9th to SEPTEMBER 3rd.—JAMES LITTLE a CO.. Barrow.

SPRING SHOW OF NOVELTIES IN C OS TUMES, \ COATS AN D SKIRTS, 1. NOW ON AT L ORD BROS'. 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. ,

THOMAS DowDALL, 675 RENSHAW STRRET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second• Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes, Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and ToPet Services. Old Silver. Eleztro Plate, Overmantles, Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables. &a Au, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY, SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions s y this Establishment is unsurpassed for ktyle and Assortment INSPECTION INVITED.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS Cl' TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Ride) From 16s. LAMBS DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9.6.1. 39, AND 41, DALE -STREET. 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL

TO THE WORKING CLASS OF LIVERPOOL. FOR TWO WEEKS ONLY. SALE OF 400 MEN'S COATS AT is. 6D. EACH, Originally Costing from 10s. to Ms. each. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLRES, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL FACTORS, 116 to 120, BROWNLOW HILL; also at 57 and 59, MILL STREET. Telephones. 5,171 and 3,579.

LONGWORTH, PAPER MERCHANT. CHEAPEST IN THE CITY. SPECIALITIES : Parebmetts, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to 4 .I,ND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS u TNE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS. UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADHS RECOVERED ri iciax AN HOUR FROM Is. 68. T. BRIERLEY, 49. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE t FITY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free --BUSTANCh AND CO. the Illuan,nated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington, Established 1864.

BREWARD AND BAILEY, CHINA MERCHANTS. SHOP AND RESIDENCE: 45, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, 11*/) EGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HEDGCIOCK at King- street and 17, ?dill-street. as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gasfitter, Ac., where he hopes, by being more centrally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage. N. —A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances ; also a Choice Selection of wall papers and dezorations will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. W SPRING WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLB SUITS AT LOIY PR/CES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CO'S LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 351 SANKEY STREET, WARR tNGTON,

TAM O'S HAJ'N TER AND CIRCE CYCLES. RUBBER AND WALTON, MANUFACTURED ET CV:. , LTD. w° 'LIVERPOOL sAu,,IIR3:IL, Are undoubtedly the beet. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG, Cash or Easy Payments, Catalogne containing free Insurance Coupon, Post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfut .' Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Deptits and Show-rooms 355 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND AUNDERSON, District Manager. Eztabl: t::ed 259.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. 1898, HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. FRESH MILE TWICE DAILY, SKIM MILK mar II a.m. FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

DUTTON AND COLYER, (LATE BUTTON AXII CO.) IROWLONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STRE ET, WARRINGTON, all de,criptiong of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on LVIEW.

--- GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICK ROAD.-WARRINCITON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AM SEE ALM waRDIE'S HOREHOUND BEER

THE SYSTEM OP SELLING EvERYTHINGE at a SMALL PROFIT and oily of GOOD QUALITY is an absolete rule at the shops of BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. PHYSICIANS' PRESCRIPTIONS are PREPARED with the utmost care with PURE DRUGS of the best quality at all their establishments, and only chemists qualified by examination of Pharmaceutical Society are employed for dispensing, BOOTS CASH C IHEMISTS, THE LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST RETAIL cHEMISTs IN THE WORLD. BOOTS. CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN). LTD PROPRIETORS. HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, &a.

EETIL-A COMPLETE SET, 21e. Single Tooth T 2s. 6d. 10 years' warranty. sAI WOODS, Esq,, M.P., says in his teattinon t at " They are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable, and ate a credit to you." . W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington, 35, BI3WSBY-STRBBT, WEDNENDAys AND p =Ars.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. , The celebrated efeetuat HOOPING COUGH cure without Intemal flee dictnes. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 48. per bo ttl e. Sole W holes ale Agents: BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London.

, s , BOROUGH OP ' " WARRINGTON. Vic ,•; - , , • -w ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCIINTRATED MANURE. Twentieth Season. General Agent— Mr. WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON near Warrington.

OPENING OF NEW PREMISES, 15, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. FALSHAW AND LEWIS, GLASS CUTTERS AND GLAZIERS, MOUNT CUTTERS AND PICTURE FRAME MAKERS. Wholesale and Retail Dealers in WINDOW GLASS, LOOKING GLASS, ROA.L. ROUGH AND POLISHED PLATE GLASS, ENAMEL GLASS, Ac. Also a Selection of PICTURE, PICTURE MOULDINGS, PLAIN and FANCY PATTERNS, MOUNTING} BOARDS and BACK BOARDS. Glass Cut in small sizes for Forcing Frames, Hot-Bed Fraraes..tc., from 11d. per foot. All work practically done and promptly attended to.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT,

8 AND 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, OPECIAL SPRING SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest Patterns! Leading Styles I I Popular Prices 1I! THE M.D.C. MEN'S SUITS, 18/6 TO 50/ MEN'S TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 16/6 Ready for Wear 1 Well Made! I Latest Cut 11 I ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS TO MEASURE from 8/6 TO 18/6 SUIT TO MEASURE . ' 28/6 , 60/- in High-Class Scotch and in sh TWEEDS, Blue SERGES, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &c., &C. VALUR UNEQUALLED. THE M.C.D. YOUTHS' AND JUVENILE D PARTMENTS. TO MEET THE GROWING TRADE The preparations in these Departments have never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING. THE M.C.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OE' YOUTHS' SUITS. All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 105 HORSEMARKET STREET, ARRING N

£2O TO BE GIVEN AWAY, ukk (No Bantam Fee.) Amongst those who Re-arrange the following 15 jumbled Letters. HLLLUEEDSSOOBTN tospellthree well-known English Towne. Bend in your Solution with a Stamped Addressed Enve- lope, and I will inform you if correct, with full particulars of Competition. Address— THOMAS WADE, 161, RIVERSDALE-ROAD, 111011 BURT, N.

NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., CROSS LANE, EARLESTOWN, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CYCLE FACTORS, We hold the largest Stock in the district to select from, comprising the following well-known makes, viz. : RUDGE-WIIITWORTtI, LTD., NEW HUDSON CYCLES, COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES, SUNBEAM ,CYCLES, BAYLISS, THOMAS, AND CO., EXCELSIOR CYCLES, ROVER CYCLE CO., ROYAL ENFIELD CYCLE CO. All the above makes will be on view at SHOWROOMS, CROSS LANE. REPAIRS OF ALL KINDS, AND MACHINES BUILT TO ORDER On the Premises by skilled Menhanics who have been employed for some years Building Cycles for MESSRS. RUDGE-WHITWORTH 'LTD. Customers may depend upon their orders being executed in a first-class manner and at moderate charges, MANAGING PARTNER AND DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE :- MR. Jo Ile DUTTON.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND PROVISION DEALER, LEGII-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

ONE THIRD OF YOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN RED. SLEEP ON OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-. WOOL BEDS, 10/9 PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTRES4ES, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES.- 12/9. 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT he. fm. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GUARANTEED SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG BEDSTEADS. 138. 11D.WIRE MATTRESS, 9s. 9n. BASSINETTES AND MAILOARTS FROM 255. Note the Address : LIVERPOOL BEDDING Co., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON BXHIBITION. AWARD OR GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WAL WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER St/I,mm Pitted sip on the Latest and Most Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 18, PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

"A.sos. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-II ADE SILVER ENG LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOR FUR SHILLINGS." This wat °his timedto a minnte, and will STAID ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION 1 A Bona- tide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at lame price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND Co.. watchmakers TEE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent oat-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINR MANUF ACTURER. Sacking, Camas, Stack corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, tc., Act. -- TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, Ise., Ailed complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The he and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Oan!stet M., 104., and Is. Bd. each.? Wholesale by J. GEDDES kin SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

ittlinitßa £1509000 At front 31 PER CENT to be ADVANCED on MORTGAGE in SUMS to suit BORROWERS in any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READECR, 6, Cook-st,Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

NO PRELIMINARY FRES CHARGED. ATONEY LENT P .iIVATELY TO FARMERS, 1./1_ TRADESMEN. LODGISG-HOUSEKEEPERS. and Othe a, In sums of VO up to £5.0. OR BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arrang d to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Aocoun- taut, 20. Kennedy-street. Manchester. Establi.bed 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK 10, c ORPORATION-STRBET. MANOHEbTER. ADVANCIIS made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments. or in an* sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminar; fees charged.—Apply to R. RICHARD WOOD, Manager. WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. 101B.PVIVAN TkliirOtoODLlvile:onmentinirs to make TivADorkVirg.mDeßoS and all respectable Householders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOOK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, In your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply it VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District aenerally receive precisely tho same attention. UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO.OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STRES I', LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5.000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. &a.. at the following scale of charges : £lO repayable bs. weekly—Entire interest 145. 13d. £5O „ 20s. O. £3 Bs. W. £lOO „ 405. £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter. or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 24 to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

14-1 lEL D I N o.'B LIMITED. LOAN INVIISTERNT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £3 TO £5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATIL Also LOANS granted on ordinery Life Ase,s.sis7e Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ £2) „ 10/- „ £lO „ 5/- , £25 ~ 12/6 ~ Letters with a starLp will reeelve prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Saturdsiw 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH ADSWORTH, District Agent for FHILDIN GIS LIMITED, 121.PIERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON

I NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES. MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale, Publicity, or Pees. from one month to five rears. TNATIONAL ERCANTILE BANK, 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS. CROSS-STREET, I Established 1872. MANCHESTER. Capital. £200,000. 1 The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. 1 Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' , simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at , the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge I rceliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectional Loan Office routine is entirely disnensed with. Apply in strictest confidenoe to Mr. ROBERT JAM ES, Resident Manager. NOTIL—SPEOIALIY ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS for LOANS on LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND MORTGAGsa NOTEf—NO PRELIMINARY FEES.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. A PRIVATE GhNTLEMAN, having a considerable sum of uninvested money est his disposal, le prepared to advance the rams to all respectable and responsible Persons in any part of England or Wales, In sums ot not less than £lO to £lOOO On Borrowers own SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO REPAY. without sureties or security. No Delay. No Law Costs. THE STRICTEST PRIVACY IS GUARANTEED and, if desired, a written undertaking will be given to this effect. Advances also made on Mortgages and reversions at low rates of Interest repayable by easy instalments, or lu one sum to euit the Borrower's convenience, Cr, if desired, the Capital can remain lig long as the interest is paid. For full particulars (free of charge). apply personally or by letter (stating amount required) to. MR. W. S -I THWART, 2, COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER'

THE BEANCO CYCLES MANUFACTURED BY BAXENDALE & CO. 11 ANCHESTER HANOVER•STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET,; LIVERPOOL.

The Royal Laundresses ay Critch.ey a" STA.ROg °robed is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to linen. tre., either cold or boiling water starch. fon' wail says :—" My wife will,not finish our linen witbon " Starch Gloss:" From Mrs,—, Bradford 1181 lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many sjD Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to should be used in every house, Sold at Id. , 3d., and eit.. most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure 1 OtkITCHLE Blackbern, Proprietor.— 4 der. tpe. CLARKB'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cure. , frooln tbt: x, all acquired or constitutional Discharges Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. iluo Mercury. Rstablished upwards of 3) N ears. In bolirrolig, each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors. 6, fn out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the nse,el:44bs. Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug CompanY. .ddt4.

"As A SATE, PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE for Srofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confidence recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture. "It is certainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Thousands of Testimaniats Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9dp.er bottle. Beware of worthless Imitations a substitutes.—Advt.

WK ARWIC HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LE-FYLDE, 3 miles from Blackponl. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident English and Foreign certificated goy,xnesses. Visiting Twisters. Prlncipal.—ELs3 ROGERSION. Governess- Pupil wanted.

TRINITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE. Head Master—Mr. J. P. HUG HEN. Assisted by Nine Resident and Visiting Masters. Thorouzb training for professional and m.rc4ntile pursuits. 22 passed out of 26 in the at Cambridge Locals. next term begins May 3rd.

MRS. PRESTON. Lynwood House, 27, Riding-street, Bastbank-street, riouthport. Homely Apartments, and good cooking.

11-SLII OF MAN.—To be Let, Furnished, or Apartments. J. small Cottage, beautifully slivated. and cosafottably furnished. Terms low.—Apply Miss BREW, BaldhOOn-roact. Lax y.

C"' near Rhyddlan.—Cemfortable APARMINTS in Old Farmhouse ; delightful scenery and pure mountain air ; terms very moderate.—Apply him Jonan, Fentre Farm, Cwm.

rti RS. WILKINSON, 29, Bslmoral-road, S.S., Blackpool. .I.YI. Near S. Shore Station, trams and pier, good sea view, public and private APANTNIIINTS with or without board. Piano, bath.

WENSLEYDALE. I arkshIre.—APARTMENTS TO BE LET ;two bedrooms and tw 3 sitting-rooms ;pleasantly situated.—Apply Mrs. loam SCOTT, Thoralby, Aysgarth Station. Yorkshire.

DETACHED Furnished House for summer months; over- looking sea, park, and lake ; three sitting-rooms, five bedrooms, hot water; planoforte.--Costuirr, Seaforth, Ramsey, Isle of Man.

DOUGLAS.—Mrs EASTHAII . Pemberton House, 5, Empress-drive, Castle Mona,sea views ; private sitting- rooms at moderate terms ; tea, bed, and breakfast from 3s. 6d, trams pass drive.

WH1.611 HILLS, 21 miles from Nannercb Station. Com- fortably F URN IS tiEl.) detached cottage; two bed- rooms; three beds ; piano; lovely views and bracing air ; El weekly.--BNAw, ARGYLL3 HIE VI ROUSH, to let, well 1.1 furnished. Pt apartments, Trout Fishing, B thing. Boating, two or three mnnths MatensiveBoenery, mountain and Loch.—Apply PORTCII LBRON, 1481110 re, N.B. TIOUTILAS, TSUI OF MAN.—Comfort-lib-Ca APART- MENT S with or without board, Kra. Vicx,Manckester House, 5, Castle Mona Avenue, Broadway; within a few yards of shore and bathing ground. Terms, bed Zs, or tea bed and breakfast 3s 6d.

?Ootets, fanbroO, 33oartitng 05tab5. T 011SCA.MII13.—Mount View Boarding House. Thornton- /fit_ road Rdmintbly situated.; facing sea; full view of bay.-z-lariff on applinttion to bliss JONES.

BLACKPOOL.—HOLIDAY and CONVALIS M SOIAT HOE STATION-ROAD, SOD tH SHOES (forrn-rlv Arnold House). WOMEN. 125. 6d . MEN. 140. per week, Board In- cluded. Exclusively for Working People. All applications (by leLter only) to be addressed to the Hon. Director. 32, Church- street, Manchester. (Miss) G. MAXWELL, Secretaey.

JUkEPoILT, SLJiIDt HYDRO . —Physician, DR Li BARNARD°, desirat le Winter Residence, one of the handsomest b H Inge in Southport ; centrally situated; replete with every comfort ; fine Sea view. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d. per day, Including Turkish. Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism- -J. DORCOCI, PrOpriOtOr.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 J n. ELISTUN SQUARE. HOMY COMPORT!. CLPANLIXESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE, London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD. FON AN ESTIMATE When requiring NT3W I/Ala./9M FURNITURN, REUPHOLs'IKEING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING, An. Designs and Patterns Sent on Application. Note Addresa,—CHATILIES SOUFHOEN a CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, BASNkin-STENST. LIVENPOOL. • Telephoae, N. 6367.

ROVISI ON SHOP in the developing district of Collins Green, Buttonwood; gooct opening ; ingoing end rent reasonat4e.—A pply FonsnAw, Collins Green Brewery, lieviton-le-W illow 5.

AINFORD Colliery School, Wanted—Assistant YTS- -11. THEWS (Infants)' Article 60, State Salary.—Apply, Mr. GRASBI/I'. Uaintord Colliery. St. Helens.

NITANZErt?„ lAmlieSdOiaNteSlV: ss. BluilsireVaiisitEyßiearneTdrusbty- Either Sex, besides Commission yielding an ever increas- ing Income without Canvassing. For initiative sample. ac., (indispensatde), Enclose 9d. stamps ; return (if desired) ; anaramteed by EVANS. WATTS AND Co.. (p. 174), Globe Warehouse, tirmingharn. ( his is Genuin«).

44 I_lOW TO ENSURE HEALTH." -A medical work giv lug Prescriptions ttna Instructions for tbe cure of- all kill& of Debility; poet tree two smpe.—Addreas Messrs. BABES, 48, Lonsdale Square. Barusbury, Lon- don, N.

G. H. AND H. M. JACKSON, 611 CHURCH STREET, UREA SALE. WARRINGTON. GREAT SALE REGARDLESS OF COST. MUST BE CLEARED, Payments taken MEN'S COATS FROM 2s. 3D, „ TROUSERS FROM ls. 6D, VESTS F OM 9.

Payments taken YOUTHS' CO 9 FROM 2B. OD. TROUSERS FROM B. 1 6D. VESTS FROM— ........... 9D.

A LARGE VARIETY OF BOYS' CLOTHING ALWAYS ON SALE. Payments taken WOMEN'S DRESSES FROM 2. OD. „ SKIRTS FROM lB. OD. „ BOOTS PAIR is. 6D

A Great Stock of Wool Shawls, Blankets. Quilts, Sheets. at Cost Price. Payments taken, Don't forget the Address, 61, CHITMII STREET, WARRINGTON.

ED, E DWARDS, SHOP, OFFICF, AND HOTEL MITTEL JOINER, AND SHOP FRONT BUILDEit. 83, VICTORIA-STRBET, LIVERPOOL. SHOPS FITTED COMPLETE FROM £lO T 3 £r)00 NEW AND SHOOED-HAND FIXPURES AND FIT.TINGS ALWAIS IN STOOK. ESTIMATES PEER IN TOWN OR COUNTRY.

MILNIIR'I3 SABEL Burglar pr of Holdfast Bands. list 3 two drawers; powder-proof locks ; cost new £46 ; my price £2l. Two smaller LS 63 —EDWARDS, 83, Victoria-street Liverpool.

2ØS. to Ns a week can be earned on the "Original'. FOS- TER PATENT KNITTER ; knits stockings, socks, ac.—Wrlte JAMES FOSTER, Maker, Friargate, Preston. --- - 'VALUABLE RECIPES. Horse taming, earsaparilla,fly V papers, angler's secrets. p.pperrr int, blacking, genuine, Ed. AGYNT, 42, Campion-street. West Hartle- pool.

12ARr1IENWARIE and China.—Seconds £2 crate; Bests E £3 ;or will send 15 dozen seaonds articles for 178. 6d. ; write for 15t5.—WEBE AND CO., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton.

HANDSOMM BAY BARB ON SALO, four ytwrs oIL 14 kads high, warranted sound and very qutet, broken to aaddle and barneac—Appty J. GOOLIVIN, B,oomabury-lane, Timpetloy.

EARLBSTOWN.—A. good chance. owner retirmg.—To be disposed o', n largo double fronted lictp and Dwellin,c HOllB4, suitahle tor almoit >lny businets.—Apply J. CLRI. IC ironmoag- r, 15 and 17, Bridge-street. Bnrlestown.

1 S. ON EC GROSS.-144 PILLS Is.—One Gross of any a the followiug Little Liver, Anti-bilious, Bead and Stomach, Beaud, Compound Rhubard, or Steel and Pennyroyal Pills, coated, will be sent post free for P.O. Is. by LEeTEß,Chemist, Nuneaton.

DRCODIR YOUR OWN MASTER."—Three valuable TRATITI lIRCIPRS le. 7d. Can be made at your borne at small Cast but yield good profits. Write at once and commence for yourself ; genuine.-11A.allY, 3 Albe:t, Terrace, Howley, Warrington.

66 a lARDEN NETTING."—Good and strong. well oiled and dressed, mesh made to keep smallest birds from Buds, Blooms, and Seeds in the ground. Price 100 by 1 yard wide, 3.9. 2 y ards wl4le, 68. ; 3 yards wide, 9s. Carriage paid ordersover ss. in value, Any length and width sup- plied ; use in the Royal gardens.—A, POTTER. Wolverharap ton.

PLANTS for GARDEN AND FARM,violas all best varieties hi cultivation is. dozen, 12 Exhibition Fancy Pansies. true to name, 2s. Pink Silva(' Pendula, Blue Forget-me-not. mixed Sweet Williams. strong plants Is. dozen. Scotch Cabbage 55.1,000 Cash with order. 2s. 6d.vaiue Carriage Paid. S.BROLDBEAD AND SON, Wooidale Nurseries, Tliongsbridge. Huddersfield. _ .

PROTECT YOUR GARDRNS from VariliS of BIRDS. --TANNBD NETTING, 35 square yards for la. Will not rot if left out in all weathers ; send any width; carriage paid on all orders over 58, As supplied to the Royal Gar- dena. Sent on approval. hundreds of testimonials. Common netting. 50 square yards for ls.—From HY. J. GassoN, Garden Net Works. Rye. Sussex.

'W ELL-ESTABLISHED HOUSE FURNISHING. BUST- ' "Si PREMISES (leaseh Ad) in first-class position, TO BE SOLD at W gan : stock about £7OO rare opptmtunity; mriurte to be made in few years by energetic man : good oPeninc for small syndicate or limited cornnanY 'flits fifer can only remain open for a short time, also 8 Horse Gas Engine, Maker, ROBSON, SHIPLEY, nearly new, Price £75, —4O, MARYET-EMBERT. Wigan.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. HMORELL,I7 and 18. Great StAldrew-st.,l3loorosbory. W.O. Cheapest House i London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame andltoomn Moulding. Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings.&c. Wholeale Carvers and under and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Spescial attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Rooks just pi 11... nailed, 107 pages containiug all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram Btl• RY. London."

TNTS.—Cost the Government over £6 each. Made of Pure White Waterproof Linen, s?arcely used, 40ft circumfer- ence, loft high, with poles. pegs. runners, lines, mallet, and bag, gtc Including the latesti ements to stand all verypro v climates and weather; very adaptable for cricket, tennis. bathing, fhhing. all camping-out. lawns. boating parties, lc ; complete and ready for use. Price 30a. each. carriage paid ; these are all picked tents aud are as good as new ; special quotations for three or more ; can be sent on approval ; two supplied Buckingham Palace catalogues of marquees also genuine testimonials for reference. ARMY GROUND ; free ; RUBBkR MIME 9, 6ftby 31t; indisensable when camping out, 4s each ; can be used with the tents.—A. POTTER, Tent Manuta3turer, Melbourne Works, Wolverhampton. Maker to the Queen and Prince of Wales.

BEAUTIFUL _LAWNS. TENNIS COURTS. BOWLING GREENS. &C. SOW APRIL AND MAY. Pure Evergreen Dwatf Lawn Grass Seeds. Is. PER Lb. 845. PER CA T. CARRIAGE PAID. This is our Special Mixture of the very finest DWARF EVERGREEN GRASS SEEDS, perfectly free from Seeds of Weeds, same as sown by us on our lawns round the Groups Ol Evergreens, Lees, and Shrub 3, far which we were awarded the GOLD MEDAL. LIVERPOOL EXHIBITION, 1886, An.l which, from their emerald green colour and fineness, gained the admiration of ail visitors. We supplied last season with the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn Grass Seeds for nearly twa hundred acres. NEW, PURE, AND RELIABLE. FLOWER AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest Prices for Best Quality. ROBERT P. KER AND SONS, NURSERY AND SEEDSYIEN, 11, BASNETT STREET. AND AIGBURTH NURSERY, GRASSENDALEI, LIVERPOOL.

Telephone N 0.55.8 : ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AG ENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Begs to announce that he has removed his OfEces to the more convenient premises NO. 11 BANK STREET, The Ground ;Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

RECORDE CYCLE COMPANY, 107, BOLD-ST., LIVERPOOL. New Machines, Detachable tyres, guaranteed twelve months. £7 10s. Our £l2 12s. Machine to drat 103 customers from this Depot £9 10s., fitted with inch pitch roller chain. Second-hand Pneumatics in stock from £4 ; CLISLIOLL tyre machines £6 new. ECORDE CYCLE CO., BIRMINGHAM & LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6510, Liverpool.

METONIC CYCLES are absolutely without rival as regards quality, finish, and price. calms from £lO 10s. LADY'S from £ll. Large stock of Bost Swedish Weldless Cycle Tubes and Fittings of all sizes. Plaiting, Enamelling, Turning, Brazing. and Wheel Building for the Trade. MOONLIGNT MANUFACTURING COMP A.Nlr, WOBSB-I<dgeyale, Smithdown-lane, Liverpool, Branch,-49, Tuunel-road, Liverpool.

CYCLR9.--(II,BARANCR SAL% 1397 Patterns. numbers £ll ; Raleigh, £l3 ; Now Rapids, £l4 10s ; Lady's Cycles, £lO each ; usual price £l3 3s ; bargains. Return railway fare paid to buyers,— jENNINGS, 57. Deansgate, Man- chester.

L100"ROW I make £lOO yearly certain from ?.5 . Hens kept la absolute confinement." Anyone can de it. Pamphlet showing method, Is. Id.—HOGER,., 69. Oeorge-street, Oxford.

LIGGS.-43. Ed. per Sitting ; Carriage paid ; trafertile replaCed ; Indian Clama. White Leghorn, Buff Orp ng- t6n. Langahan Minorca', Buff Clochina, Light Brahmaa, Houdanc—Applv, HAMILTON LGDOE, SaltertOn.

EGGS PROM PRIZE FOWLS, Black Minorca', White Legborns. Plvnsouth Rocks,Light t4rahmas 8.5.0. Orp- ingtons. 4e. dozen, or 7s for two Firbt Cross, especially for Laying Purposes 2s. Inspect on of Stock Invited.—Mns. OLIVER. Halewood Rear Liverpool.

LlGGS.—Grand Pens, (Prize Strains), ROOKS, ORPING- _CI TONS, LIGHT BIIAHNIA9, SILVIIR WrANDOTTII6, Houdans, Minorca, Buff and White Lekhorns, Ayles- bury Ducks, 3s. per dozen ; Huff Cochin and huff Orpink. tons, 3s. 6d ; Alammouth Turkeys, Bd. each ; Incubators, 70 eggs 30s. ; Gilt Smashers, 3s.—J. G. PowsaLL, 61xsmiths Farm, Sankey, Warrington.

vaGs 11i031 THE FINRA' SPECINIBNS and most ex- traordinary layers ever mated. My birds have grass runs. Bgs tan be had at once; Houdans, Minoreas, White Leghorns, White, Gold and Buff Wyandottes, Buff Recite, Buff Orpingtons,lndian Runner and Aylesbury Ducks, 2s 6d. sitting Cambridge Bronze Turkeys; Cross Nmnden-Tonloese Geese.eggs 8d each, carefully picked ; unfertile replaced nspection of stock invited. —joilif kok, Poulton-le-Pyide.

eei I.4`GGS ...ts SITTING.—In returning Thanks to my . patrons for eaeir cmfilmce placed in me last Beason, I may say that from ports that have come to me my eggs gave general setters/11c and I shall do my best again this seaeon. I have Black Minocras, Blue Anclalusiens, Hon .ens, lied Caps, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Indian Game, Buff Cccilina, White Brahmas, LarlfrehallS, 'Valk Orping- tons, Light Brahrnas, Plymouth Rocks, and three pens of crosses - Buff Orpington cock, Brown Leghorn Huff Cochin hens ; White Leghorn cock, with Light Brahma hens ; forking cock, with Indian Game Orpington bens, for table fowl. Also Ducke—Houens, Aylesbury and Indian runners. All eggs one Price (save Indian Game) Is. 6d. per sitting to them that fetch their owe eggs ; 3s. pocked put on rail ; Indian game I. All unfertile eggs replaced, but not addled eggs. The farm is five minutes walk from Lowton St Mary's Station (M. S. &L. H.).—Addrces DRIERY DRAPER. Poultry Breeder. Mather•lane. Lowton, Newton-le-Willows. la° business done on Sundays.

PITTS'S, LONDON ROAD, MA NOME STE R. Just past Station, through Railway Arch THE LARGEST AND MOST CONVENIENT GENERAL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT IN THE KINGDOM. Electric Light Throughout. Passanger Litt' to all Floors. " In the spring time A young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love,' and having fortunately obtained his finances's consent to marriage, the inapo-tant question, ' Where shall we Prim's!' ?" presents itself. Both tho young people have been very forcibly impressed by the magnificent di•play to Pitts's colossal showrooms, together with the genuine ring in Pitts's arive-tiserneuts and the uniform good reputation Pitta's bear, but before definitely deciding they v -ry wisely conclude to refer the matter to their t arents' superb ° Judgment and experience. Upon broaching the subject the unhesitating reply is " Certainty, Furnish at Pitts's, liko we did nearly thirty years ago. You see the goods are little worse for wear after all the,e years. Pitts's occupy the uncommon position oi having (Men furnished three consecutive generations, parents. children, and grandcCildren, and you cannot possibly do better than place the order with that old-established firm. Result—eanother home made bright and -comfortable at little cost by Pitts's, to the mutual satisfaction of all concerned. PITTS'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF VUENITURB for 15i- guineas, worth £35 • includes a splendid serviceable ' suite in leather, dining tnble, tender and brasses complete. capital Brussels carpet, with hearthrug to match, window fittings, Ac. Kitchen includes strong Windsor chairs, strong I table with heavy White top, nine yards of seasoned oilcloth, hearthrug, fender and irons complete. Bedroom has all I requisite articles • massive bedsteads, mattresses, bed, bolster, and two pillows (guaranteed new and clean), carpet. toilet ware, Ac- all complete and full size. Other houses of furniture at 22i, 281-, 38i, to, 100, up to 1.9.:0 guineas hach honestly worth d able the price asked. Full particulars. testimonials, and press opinions on applicatoin. Cash prices quoted. Deferred dayrnent by arrangement. PITTS'S-SNTIRS CONTENTS OF SEVEN-ROOMED HOUSE. angina Iv cost £lB3, for 75 guineas. The dining-room is in moraine° leather, the drawing-room is in rosewood, a spare room upstairs fitted as a srnokeroom is In saddlebags. Furniture complete for kitchen, hall, stairs. I binding. cellars, ace. The first bedroom is In American Walnut, including wardrobe, dressing table, washstand, chairs, de. bedsteads, bedding, carpet, rug, and toilet ser- vice. The second lo,droom is similarly furnished, but in ash, and the third bedroom is in mahogany. Undoubtedly the greatest bargain ever offered. ITTS'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.—DINING-HOOM SUITE handsomest in Manchester, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed). Small Chairs, padded backs ; Magnificent Sideboard .fitted with bevelled glasses throughout. Brackets. Shelves, Cupboards, Cellarettes. Ac,; Extending Table, with patent screw ; Overmantel, Carpet, Brass fender, and Brasses ; originally cost £l3ll ; Pitt's price 62 guineas. Drawing-room Suite. Chippendale style, solid rosewood, beautifully inlaid with marqueterie work, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed), and covered in rich Genoa velvet ; Magnificent Cabinet and Overmantel, Occasional. Wine. and Card Tables, all inlaid to match ; Car- pet, Rug, Braes Fender and Brasses, Clock and Ornaments, complete; cost £175; Pitts's price 69 guineas. Bedroom Suite solid throughout, consists of a very large Wardrobe, with bevelled glass doors, drawers, cupboards, /cc ; Pair of large oilet Tables, fitted with ev, ry couvenience ; Pedestal Towel Nail, and Chairs complete ; a superb Suite ; originally cost £B5 ' • eitts's price 35 guineas. Other bargains on view. equally gocd value. PITTS'S CARPET 'AND FLOOR COVERINGS.—AI British make. Largest, best, and cheapest stock. As, tounding value. Grandest display ever seen. Nothing similar elsewhere. PITTS'S Plano End of Season Sale.—Entire Stock by Collard, Erard, Kirkman, Ac.; must be cleared out totally, irrespective of what they may fetch, now is your chance to save thirty to forty per cent. ;cash or deferred. PITTS'S have scoured the entire Cycle Market, In order to obtain the Best Machines for the Least Money, and they are now showing them in their windows ; Mon, dozen different makes ; attractive. easy running ; exceptionally lo up-to-date ; year's guarantee w prices, sash or deferred. splendid selec_ DITTS'S BASSINETTES. Lamus, China, Glass, Earthen ware.—Magnificent Selection in Show Windows. Pleasure to see it. 111 ITTS'S FOE OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE.— .1 Every description of Bookcases, Secretaries, Desks, Stools, Chairs. Safes, Copying prices. SAMUEL PITTS. Presses at abcut half city Established 1845. LONDOIN-ROAD (just past Station), Manchester. Ardwick, Lonsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the door.

RENOWNED FOR TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCTIM, CoNsumeTiont. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE &C. TOWS CHLORODYNE 130. per Bottle. LE' A. P. TOWLIC MANCHESTER.

CORPORATION' OF THE CITY OF MAN CHBSTBIt. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, Sze., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 utiles and 4 Ton lota within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early In the season to prevent dis,ppointment. Full partioulars front R. D.TALLISON, Indoor and 'Estates Super- intendent. Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. Or to Mr. B. ALDRED, Stamtord-rd., Altrincham. Mr. 3. H. NEWTON, West Derby. Li.erpool, Mr. J. S. GALLAND. Brookfield., Baddiley, neat Hantwich.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, is lid. and 2s. 9d, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate Use bowels with comfort and safety, often excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mei, mirials, hence no fear of cold. , Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walwerth-road. London. r PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the as.. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

JOHN CHORLET, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT, HUTTERMARKET-STRERT AND SCOTLAND-ROAD. • WARRINGTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO., LTD., The " UNBREAKABLE " PULLEY and MILL GEARING CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Cart Arms, Springs and Axles. Tyre Hoops, all sizes, inviic Vices, Bellows, Nails. Screws Bolts and Chains of Al descriptions, spades and Shovels. Flies and Rasps, Rain Water Pipes and Gutters, Oils, Paiute, and Colours, Gal- vanised Corrugated Sheets. Boding Felt, &c., Forging, and Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, HARR OP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINET rßs HAREOP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE. HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOI... WATCHES, PLATE, AND JEWELLERY. GREAT SALE AT EITSTANCE AND Co.'s 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR A SHORT TIME PRIOR TO EXTEN3IVE ALTERA- TIONS IN PREMISES. • In order to make as large a CLEARANCE as possible EUSTANCE AND CO. have decided to offer the whole of their VALUABLE: STOCK AT BONA FIDE REDUCTIONS ROM 10 TO 25 PER CENT.

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BlNjos-:

MESSES. THOMAS WHITTLE & SON (Established 1829), CURRIERS, LEATHER MERCHANTS, AND STRAP MANUFACTURERS, 49 AND 51, BUTTERMARKET-STERET, WARRINGTON.

T. BIRTLES, PIIOTO4RAPHER, LEGII HOUSE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST SrTr.Es IN PHOTOGRAPHY. CABINET PORTRAITS A SPECIALITY. ALL CHILDREN'S PORTRAITS ASH TARIM INSTANTANSOUSLY.

BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAINS A NEW DEPARTURE! GOODS DIRECT PRO',! THE FACTOR TO THE PURCHASER, AT THE NE DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 40; BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. RETAIL QUANTITIE CAN BE HAD AT WHOLESALE PRICES. A LARGE STOOK OF BOYS' AND MEN'S OHIRTS AND SHIRTINGS, GRANDRILLS, &C. ALSO SKIRTS AND SKIRTINGS, FLANNELETTES. A LARGE VARIETY OF APRONS. LADIES' UNDERCLOTHING, &c., &O. NOTE PRICES. BOYS' SHIRTS (Cotton or Flannelette,) from 3d. MEN'S SHIRTS „ 00. Pt BOY'S UNION SHIRTS ... 104. MEN'S UNiON SHIRTS „ 2s. WOMEN'S APRONS „ 24d. SHIRTING TO BE GIVEN AWAY 1 To every purchaser of one of our Ct lebrated Oxford Shirts, ! which we are selling at tho marvellously low prices of Is. 104. and 25,, will be given, entirely free oicost, yard of ! the same material. THE LARGEST AND CHEAPEST STOCK EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT. Compare our prices with so called" Sale" or •. Bankrupt Stock' prices and judge for yourselves. DON'T FAIL TO SECURE BOMB OF THE GREAT BARGAINS OFFERED AT CORNS' NEW DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 0, ZUTTERIIARKET MEET, WARRINGTON

SPECIAL LADIES' AND G ENTS' MACHINES, IN l5, TO ,tlO 10s. 'NEW HOWE GENTS' CYCLES £l2 10s NEW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES £l3 OS EXCELSIOR LADIES' CYCLES £l4 OS PREMIER. GENTS' CYCLES £l4 OS PREMIER LADIES CYCLES £l4 Os. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10s. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES ';el7 10s. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. G-ARLAND,I CYCLE FACTOR, 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET, Adioining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Station THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED EESTUARANT in the Town. GREAT DEMAND FOR CYCLES! PLACE YOUR ORDERS AT ONCE!!

MUSIC. BUY YOUR PIANOS at WADSWORTH'S ORGANS at WADSWORTH'S MUSIC at WADSWORTH'S VIOLINS at WADSWORTH'S MANDOLINES at WADSWORTH'S GUITARS at WADSWORTH'S BANJOS at WADSWORTH'S AUTO-HARPS at WADS WORTH'S NURLODIONS at WADSWORTH'S MOUTH OROANi st WAD WORTH'S STRINGS and FITTINGS at WADSWORTH'S CASH OR 'MIRE SYSTEM: BEST TERMS. IYoulknow the address : OPPOSITE THE PARK, WARRINGTON.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS AIRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow 1111 Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its justcelebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase 13 prepared by Mrs. Stnithers. who is the only nerson in possess'on of the ORIGINAL 13F.CIPE. The genuine are wrapped In Blue Paper, and signed on the Ou'aide lbel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the nole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen V.ctoria-street," formerly a 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Oovernmen Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2a. 93. each, by most Chemits. HAIR PRESERVED AND BEAUTIFIED by using the only reliable preparation, Renner/Ds' MicasAß OIL, which strengthens and restores decaying hair, eradicates scurf, and prevents baldness ; no other preparation can produce such a dressy and beautiful appearance of the hair or so stimulate its growth AS ROWLANDI' MACASSAR OIL. It you have never tried it, 7ou are strongly advised to procure a bottle at once and continue using it for your own and your Children's hair. Also sold in a Golden Colour foriair- haired ladles and chlldre... Sizes, 3s. 6d., 75., 10a. 6d, (equal to 4 small). ROWLANDS' °DONT° is the most perfect dentifrice, thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all impurities, produces a pearl-like whiteness, and prevents decay. Sold by Stores and Chemists. Write A. Rowland and Sons, 20, Hatton Garden, London, for cash prices. Avoid spurious imita- tions.

SKINS ON FIRE! SKINS ON FIRE! With for turing, disfiguring eczemas, and every species of itching scaly, and blotchy Skin and scalp humours are instantly relieved by a warm bath with CurtcriaA SOAP, a single annointing with CIITICIIII• (ointment), the great skin core, and a full &se Of CUTICURA RESOLVENT, greatest of blood purifiers and humour cures, when all else fails. To those who have sufbrel lone, and hope- lessly, and who have lost faith in doctors, medicines, and all things human, CITTIOURA remedies appeal with start- ling force. They are, in truth, the greatest skin cures, r blood purifiers, and humour remedies of modern times.

, LIFE WORK. THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE OWE THEIR HEALTH TO MUNYON'S IMPROVED HOMEOPATHIC REMEDIES. Ask your Chemist for Munyon's Guide to Health.—Buy a Shilling Munyon Remedy and Cure yourself. Munyen's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails to relieve in one to three hours, and cures in a few days. Price Oil Shilling. Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively Cures all forms of indigestion and stomach trouble. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumonia, and breaks up a cold in a fow hours. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs, night sweats, allays soreness, and speedily heals the lungs. Price One Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures pains in the back, loins, or groins, and all forms of kidney disease. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all impurities of the blood. Munyon's Female Remedies are a been to all women. Munyon's Nerve Curs cures all forms of aervousness. Munyon's different cures for children are of un- told value to mothers. A separate cure for each disease. At all chemists. Mostly Osse Shilling a vial. Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 121., Shaftesbury-avenue, London, W.C., answered with free medical advice for any disease.

JOHN WALKER & CO., PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER WHICH COMPRISE THE Warrington and Mid-Cheskile Examiner pub- lish d Saturday morning The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a la ge agricultural tract. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, and Ashlers Golborne, and Haydlck Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the•heart of the Lancashire CORI field. THE St. Helens Examiner and Prescot Weekly News, published Friday afternoon. The district ccmprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom, &c. THE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapust facilities to advertisers. THE Widius Examiner, published Friday after noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemice Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming en important centre of Industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sate, Leger Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Pubed Notices, Adveitisements (exc pt. Pirliammitary) are inserted in AI the above papers at one charge. Each el the above papers consists of 8 pages, 56 tong and wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the sae& tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examin4 IS dition to giving the local intelligence of the district, In which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY- PREPAID ADVERTISMENTS, One Charge secures insertion of the undermentioned Ads. Advertisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. One Three Six Words Week Weeks Weeks 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. 2s. Od. 27 Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. 38, pd. 36 Is, Od. 2s. 6d. 4s, Od. 45 Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ss. Od. 54 Is. 6d. ... 3s. 8d 6s. Od. These charges apply only to the chases of advertise- ment spectfied below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertiem and PAM FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: OtOellVise they will be charged by the Business scale: APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LAT HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES POUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED ROUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under 53. PRINTING PRINTING THEW ARM NGION "EXAMINER," GENERAL PRIMING DE.'ARTMENT. Has an este:Meshed reputation for giyinl careful and prompt attention to the wants of all Customers and its facilities for the produc.ion of Good Work of every kind—from the sm tyrrieraphia trifle to the biggest mural " M immoth " are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it even at " the lowest tender."

E? ii i: E SAMPLES if fl' .c eiril 7, , v..., .. i , . FREE SAMPLES of "ZEMAIONE" ASTHMA POWDER & CIGARETTES Will be sent, prepaid, together with Medical Testimonials of Radical Cures by 0. P.A.1%11/AU diz CO., 90, Great Russell Street, V7.C., London. SUPERIOR TO ALL OTHER PREPARATIONS. - - --ggrakairki— ,7sa., jfh, .. - Masons"..---_N ~ , v---,,x-‘, \ ..i ,) \ EXTRACT riiii , 4i . OF HERBS - . 1‘ / .., FOR MIXING hr.A, NON-INTOXICATING (ri' i/r / ...AV; BEER. , , .4. / , Inaltated but not equalled. One Tablespoonful 0 Mason's attract of Ficrba make" •On Gallon of splendid Beer. A 4 4371 BOTTZ Ei; GlLL°'s PRIME BEER: The moat ',amble, sistrit-quenching, refreshing, animating l*nin drink Produceable. For emery OPIEN-A.IR WORKER and ' all employed in ehons, Mills Manufactories and Mines. Agents , "Wed. 11415 Mg liottle Free 9 Stamps, 4 for 15 Stamps. Of all chemists and store,, or of ' NEWS/J.l. & MASON, ____ NOTTINGHAM. _ _ _ _

.„,IPLORILINE I—Po TIEN TENTH AND RANATE.—ThOLOWahIy aftliflea the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens .4: gums, preve tartqr, stops deosy, and gives to the Peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance t‘, wale breath. Price Es. 6d. for the liquid, or b. per jar for ..14 Florilint " Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— v

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED. MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS. vrEITSIINTIDE SHOW OF NOVELTIES. ENORMOUS PURCHASES TO MEET THE ENORMOUS DEMAND. `Z WE are now making extensive shows of Novelties and ,_..Bargains for the coming Whitsuntide and invite P every- t43lllllMeet our DEPARTMENTAL STOCKS of the Newest i Cheapest Goods offered in this City. A few Leading . Ines are enumerated below. IVIADE UP LACE GOODS. 95 Boxes Ladies Bows s" and Neckbands, New Goods in Lace and Silk 31d, sA. and Is lad each. INT,„ t'vtLE SILK RIBBONS. 3,288 yards of Millinery cent 5515 Dress Ribbons 4} inches to 6 inches wide. 60 per nt• 02 usual price and all new Goods, 311 and 61d per Yard. VEIL NETS, 210 Pieces Fine French VEIL NETS; % gett the majority are fine Silk and Russian Grounds,heavily the and worth 9}d to is 21d ; now offered at one price 17 Also a Large Assortment of Nets from lid to 411 yard. XII) GLOVES. We have without exception the bn. Finest ASSORTED GLOVE STOCK in this City,com- a4inft French, Austrian, and Brussels Kid in Black and the :est colourings. 47 distinctly different varieties at Is Ilid, ..°l4, 2s 11d, 35 65. and 31 lid pair. 411 the above are fully guaranteed. LACES, LACE GOODS, Laces, &c. Every des- cription of LACE EMBROIDERY. do., always in 1.1,k at remarkably low prices. tol7l DIES' LACE TIM. The Latest Novelties in both Lace 38, Muslin Ties, now the height of Fashion, from is Oid to T .41d each. IiaJaIRS SILK DERBY TIES and BOWS in newest de- and shapes 6} to is o}d. S' AND GIRLS' BLOUSES and OVERALLS ail great variety at very Low Prices. 14ACR CURTAINS OFFERED AT PRICES AS BELOW. LACE CURTAINS, LACE CURTAINS. LACE CURTAINS. ste Save now completed our new Range of Designs, and iti'Evve the finest stock of Swiss, Guipure, Madras, Scotch, te Nottingham Curtains in the town, Tuousands of pairs atleet from. LACE CURTAINS. I,,,_l442lCurtains.white and cream, 3 yds long, Is llid to 3s. lid. COrtaina, white and cream, 3i yds long, 2a Ild to WS lid. Curtains, white and cream, 4 yds long 5s lid to 21s 65. Our Curtains range from Is 6id to 21s. ip FINEST DRESS STOCK IN THE CITY. Exhibit the Latest Fabrics, CORDUROYS, COAT- , REPPS, BENGALINES, AND FANCIES. ,from Is. per 'yard. In thousands of shades, makes and -auties for Whitsuntide. WHITSUNTIDE SHOW TO-DAY. 417 AND FANCY WOOLS in every shade and variety. St _TTERICK PUBLISHING CO. LINIITED.—We keep a •Voitstock of the PAPER PATTERNS published by the above Pa4Y, as their Agents. REFRESHMENTS FREE To PURCHASERS. REFRESHMENTS FREE TO PURUHASERS. FUNERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY. elt°Bl3Y AND WALKER, LIMITED 82. 84, and 88, OLDHAM-STREET. MANCHESTER.

POSTAL INFORMATION PO6T OFFICE, WARRINGTON. ......___ LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny , Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth. Di tton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodshanr, Iletsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lynam, Thelwail. Newchurch 6-46 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft. Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, stretton, Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 am.—Manchester. Bolton, Oldham. Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, uurham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helene 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isleo Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. . 11-10 a m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester. South-East Lancashire, South i Wales, South West of England, Yorkshire. Durham, Non burnberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. 8.-Ha tern. NI idland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Ohester, Wrexham. Llaadulno, Shrewsbury North Wales, Londoa and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol. Exeter. Gloucester. Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester , ti-East Lancashire. and Scotland , 2-0 p.m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumborland, Wigan Bolton 2-15 p.m. Preston Brook. Sutton 2-30 p.m Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead. Northwhich I Nantwich and Sanobach 2-45 p.m. —Frodsham. Frodsham Bridge. Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 30 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge. Latchford,Padgate , and Bewsey I 3.15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Ileatley 13-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 6 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 6-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterhorowli, East Lincolnshire. Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 6-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the D.S.America 6-15 p.m.—Town Delivery p.m.o9.ttimmo.llstoELPlTi-15. 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpoul,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, And Scotlanst 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —lO-45, extra I Halfpenny Stomp 1 11-16 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South 1 Counties, and Foreign ...otters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-46 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is Buspended.l EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. ... Mr.Jarnes Jordan HEAD OFFICE ... ... ... ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER 42. ml) .. rat ci. Hours of f Week-Ways, .7-8..m.—L.0 g Thepk rAAot int sceTe PARCEL .1 .eonmaprcrd.eo7e.sapr:hi.ad—Sn otd Officernnasdr sta uveyi nsli ens dog7apasytre oent Bank On one kasmp. Bwma7ie.:3llokneßieddoos Week-day iy closes from at 540 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICHES. iShowing the time to which a letter can be posted with 0 i nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

KAILW A `l'l T k BLE JUNE FROM WARIiINGTON • Acton Bridge-7 10.7 33 8 28,10 40, 1 35, 2 35, 5 20. 540 720 Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altsar and Hillhouse-7 128 31, 1 14. a 3 19,a 40 a9O. a 7 Sundays 936, 25, 8 60. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L N.-W.) a 3 O. 53 '24, 710.7 35, 980. 10 40, 12 0, 1 50, 2 35,3,20, 520. 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 30,10 it,, 4 5 11 35, abloudays excepted. b Mondays only. Birmingham (Midland)-6 6. 909. 1005, 1256,320,50. 655.11 52. Sundays 11 45. 4 25, 515 p.m Blackburn -529,545, 835. 955. 12 25, 2 25, 4 44, 6 14, 47 Sundays 843, 60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 956. 11 42, 12 25, 225 44 q 614, / 17, 8 47, 9 40. Sundays 2 37, 8 43, 60. Bolton-5 45.8 25,10 20,12 /4.1 15,3 3.),4 21, 6 25, 7179 2, Sundays 843 a.m., 50. 10 40. p.m. Carlisle-7 47,9 55.11 40.12 23,2 25.3 48. Sundays 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 42,8 17,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 25, 1 18. 1 40,1 52, 313 22,5 11,6 4, 7 42, 1014, 1132. Sundays 844 7 45,11 32. Collins Green-7 10. 8 10, 10 0, 12 'I, 115, 3 35, 5 20, 620. 8, 925, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a3 0, b 3 23, 730, 828, 950, 1040, 120 135, 723, 0135. Sundays 30, 1015, 4 511 35. aMondays excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 42, 95, 1225, 1. 52.3 13, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14 Sundays 844, a,m. 7 45 p.m. Derby (Mhilaud)-b o, u 59, 11 55, 12 55, 320, 50, 11 53, Sundays 11 45 a.m., 425.5 15 p.m. E'arlestow n-5 45,7 10,8 25,8 35,10 0,10 20,10 40, 10 55, 12 7, 1225, 115,335,348.55. 5 20, 6 20, 78. 925, 950. 1030 Sundays, 7 40,8 35, 8 43,a.m. 4 56,6 0. (47,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry /ft Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 3 ao, 512, 6 1.7, 80, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 7 50. Frodsham-7 42, 9 5. 1023, 12 25. 152, 3 13, 4 22,5 11, 6 4 7 44, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. liarston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 756. 831. 95.12 0, 15. 215. 40. 5 29. 70. 80. c 9 30, 910 20. 11 39 Sun lays 90. 955. 11 25, 2 39. 7 )0, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays ,nly. cSaturily Glasgow-2 3.6 excepted. 529. 966, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, a 48,. Sun- days '237, 5 29. a.m. Golborne-5 45,7 10,8 35, 1055.12 25, 1 15.3 48, 5 20, 7 17, 9 50. Sundays 8 43. 60. lioagn Lireeu-7 12. 7 56,8 31, 95,a9 30,11 2,12 0, 1 5,2 15, 4U. 00. 70. 60, 59 30. alO 20. Sunday 90, 936 11 25, 2 39, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)- 7U, 7 55.8 2, 70, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 3 25. 5 15, 935. Latchtord-From Arpley Statioo-6 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58 5. 4,25 3k2,:0 m 7 hilOig, h BLelvoe, F 813.5, 10 49. 12 36. 114. a 222. 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 7 8, a 7 45, 9 13 Sundays 8 50, 3 8. 812. aSa,turdays only. 12 7, 12 25, 1 15' 5 20, °! 30- Sundays 35. 450 0 01,01,year 7on 40(L. :ON. -V1564,)61 form. abiondaYs excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)----7 38, 825, 109 1153. 155.320, 512, 80, 948. Sundays 848, 240, 750 Liverpool (t 950, Lirs)-a4 3-4 530, 7 12, 756, 831 s5O, 9b. 9 40, 50, 1024 1 15, 1 50, 2 10. 2 15,2 50.3 13.3 37, 3 50, 4 0, 450, 550. 6 la 3 50. 7 0, 7 sc, g 0, 8 50,9 0, 9 11, 9 20,69 3u 10 15 10 46. clll 11 39 Sundays 430,5 30. 90, 9 40,9 55, 1125. 220, 239, 7 1 10 03. 0, 9 18,0 18, csaturday a only, a Except Monday., xcept Saturdays. -3 05 a 3 (L. a 14.- f-w .) 23, 7 10. 9 50, 1040, 11 55dou. 12 0, . 50,3 20, 5 20• 11 35.6 always 3 0,10 15,4 5, 11 35 a Mo balondays ouis. days excepted d-61. 8 46, 959 London (Midlau „, .1 1 39, 12 55, 20, 50, 11 53 sundays 11 45 a• •.. 4 0.40 _ pan, 7 22, 80. 9 . 58, 1.0 49, 12 36, 1 14, a 2 22, 20 613, 78. a 7 45. 913. 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. sundays 850, 38, 12. aSatuidays on y. N•.) Wa2 50,53 1(1, 64 45.5 45 chester (L. 6L . 7 10, 8 lo Man 05 535. 9 19, 10 40, 12 14. 1 15, 2 0. 3 30. 4 21, 5 20, 625 2 1030. Sundays 3 10. 4 55,7 40,8 43 a.m..5 1 7,8 • •.8 g 9 • 47, 28 6 0 F:JO3. High Level Plattorm. aMondays oul y Mondays excepted. blanchese t r (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)--*6 20 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 11, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10. 7 5, 9 10. 1140. Sundays 50.6. 3 5, 810, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cileshi, e U, 155, 84, 5 05, 92. 955. i 055, 0123. 1155, 0255. 155 255. 355, 455, 555 6 55,7 0,7 50,8 12,8 55,9 15,9 55,a10 o,all 15,11 24,11 50,611 57, Sundays 8 56, 9 67, 1012, 35, 325, 5 15, 718, 855, 9 25. 9 35, 10 0. aSaturdays only. 6Saturdays excepted. Middlewien-7 35, 10 4., 2 35, 5 40, 7 20. Moore-7 35.1040 1 50, 2 35,5 4 .1.7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a4 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,710, 8 10 8 35, 9 19,10 20,10 40,10 55,12 14,12 25.1 15.3 30,3 48,4 21,5 20,6 25 7 17,9 2. 9 50, 10 30. Sundays 3 103 40. 8 43, a,m., 3 35, 50, 60. 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, cMondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 7 55,6 2,8 40,10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 30,1 44, 2 40. 3 55.528,7 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47, 515 9 35, Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35. 9 55, 1144, 12 25, 25, 348, 444. 6 14, 717. 8 47, 9 40,a9 50. Sundays,2 37, 8 46, 335, 60 954. aSaturdays ouly Runcorn-7 38.8 26.9 45, 11 53, I 55, 3 20. 5 12, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Peuketh)-7 r 2, 7 56, 95, 105, 11 5, 120, 1 5, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60, 70,8 0, a 930, 510 20,, 10 46. Sun- days 9 0,11 25.2 39. 8 54,9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- days only. cbloudsys only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -2 55, 10 55, 12 55. 1 55, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 3 50, 5 15, St.lBelens-5 32,7 10,6 10,8 35,10 0,10 55,12 7,12 25,115,3 35, 5 20, 620,7 8, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 835, 8 43, 60.9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 le, 8 31, 49 30,11 12, 114, 3 19, 4 0,5 6, 60,7 9, 9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5,8 55, aSatur- days only. 32he1wa11-6 20, 7 22,8 0, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 1442 22,3 38, 4 11,5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. a Sat- urdays only. From Arpley Station. idnes (Cheshire Lines)-? 56, 9 5, I.C. 5, 11 0. 120. 1 6, 2 10, 258, 40. 5 29, 60, 70, 80. 9 15, (.49 30, 610 20. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, °Saturday excepted. bSaturdays .nlys Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 5 12,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 848, 2 40, 7 50. Wigan-2 37, 6 29. 6 45, 7 104 35. 956. 10 55,11 40, 12 25, 15 2 25,3 48,4 44, 520. 614, 7 17, 847, 950. Sundays 231. 8 43, 3 35. 6 0. 9 fie TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 36, 7 45, 8 62, 11 43, 37, 440, 6 44, 829 Sundays 7 53, 4 32. A.ltaar and Hillhouse-1 18. 718. 8 24, 9 54. Sunday 20,2 31,822. Birmingham (L. 12 N.-W.)-3 10, 560. 7 20, 9 5, 11 35, 2 5 3 40, 6 50,1 25,11 42. Sundays 3 10,12 45,7 10, 11 42. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 850, 11 48, 1 25, 2 55, 040 6 45, 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 1119. sEx- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 10 48, 155, 50. 6 35, 750, Sundays 8 0, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, 8 3,8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 11 40, 120 223.3 15,4 27,5 20,7 0, 8 35, 100. Sundays 725. I 35, 5 15, 7 30. Blackpool (Central)6. 725, 7 55. 825, 8 55, 9 55. 10 20 7125,1 5,2 5,2 55, 410,55. 815,1010 Sundays? 10,1 15, 4 55 , 8 40. Bolton-5 45,8 0,8 40,9 40.10 35.11 15,12 15.2 20, 416,5 10, ass, 8 30,1050. Sundays 820 a.m., 610, 931) p.m.aSatur- days only. (oarlisle-12 5, 6 40. 8 40, 12 50, 1 40, 4 22, 5 44, 841 Sundays 125 a.m., 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a, '1 45. 845, 9 40, 1012,11 5,11 40, 1. 25, 210 0, 3 45,5 0, 5 5,6 35.7 35, 8 5, 835. Sundays 232, 4 15, 6 30, 2) a,m 6 55, 7 47, 80.. p.m. ablondays excepted. Collins Green--6 39,7 16,8 42.109. 11 28,12 38,1 4,143' 2 5 35.4 6, 5 38, 6 23,7 47, 9 16. 1046. Sundays 81. a.m., 715. Lrewe-2 1, 455, 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 1 50, 2 35, 40. 540, 65, 85, 90. Sundays 21. 455. 7 10, 240. 4 0 920. Daresbury -8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 42. Sundays 721, a.m. 7 38 p.m. Deby-8 15, 1020. 110, 35, 4 0 445, 7 6, 83, a 1235 i 35. Sundays 333, 7 30, 6 18, 650. 8. 3. aExcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 58, 7 20, 846, 932, 10 13, 1026, 11 31, 12 46, 1 38.1 47,2 13,3 14,5 15,5 42,5 53,6 303 33 8 8 9 20,a12 o.Sun- days a 34, 9 52, 957,10 3, 3 45, 7 24. aSaturdays oily. Fiddler's Ferry A Penketh-7 12, 96.9 43, 12 24, 2 12, 321, 7.6 2. 6 54. 8 59. Sundays 822. 257. 51. Frodsham-7 55, 93, 102. 11 27, 232, 4 7, 5 27, 658. 821 Sundays 6 59. a.m. 7 18 p.m. Garston(Cheshire Lines)-5 39. 732.8 10, 90, 9 50, 1048. 125, 1286. 13. 35, 420. 456. 59, 556, 657. 93 1121. Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 100, 20, 5 55, 95. Sundays 550. 95. aMondays excepted. Golborne-6 44, 026. 1012. 12 28,2 41, 441,5 35,7 15, 99, 1047. Sundays 940. 75. Mough Green-6 407 45, 8 15, 9 9,10 3, 1055. 1 9,1 50, 224 19, 510 523, 6?. 7 11, 918, 1135. Sundays 8 37, 920 3 31,4 55,9 4 910. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 55. 8 62, 11 20 undays 10 69, 6 53, 8 43, 10 0. Latchford-8 13. 8 40. 934 102. 11 17, 120. al 45, 213 30, 4 22, 5541. 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. bffisturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)-1 oa2 .35. 60,5 0,9 20, 11 50 15. 1 ao, 3 23, 430 , 5 35.7 5.8 35,10 5.11 15,. Sundays 10, 7 30,9 20, 830,8 40. Mondays only. Via Widnes-6 25,8 20, 95, 9 55, 12 30. 125. 2 40. 3 35,4 20 620, 65, 815. 1046. Sundays 735,2 10, 7 20, 1045. Liverpool (Central)-5 30, 6 10, 7 10, 7 49, 8 20. 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 9 35,9 38, 10 50 1130, 11 35, 11 55. 1230,12 35, 0.1 30, 150,20, 255,3 45, 430. 440. 4.50, 530. 5 36, 6 30, 635 7 30, 80, 2 30. 8 40. 930, 51045. 110, 11 30 . Sundays 0, 90, 2 30, 9 55,4 20,6 30,8 30,833,9 35. aSatur- days only. London (L. Zt N.-W.)-515. 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, 100. 020. Sundays 10 0 a.m., 445, 100. 120. London (Midland)-5 15. 10 5, 12 10. 20. 40. 50,a9 15 10 O. Sundays 9 15, 12 0, 3 15. aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 5 532, 9 25, 954, 119. 111. al 37, 2 5, 250 4 14. 55 33. 55S , 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 815. 225, 715. *Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-60.? 45,8 5,9 0.9 40,11 0,71 23, 12 40,1 5,2 32,3 0.3 45.4 25,515, 7 5.9 20.10 40,11 04. Sundays 8 0, 8 30, 9 0, 9 50, 5.m.6 0,10 40. From Exchange.aSaturdays only. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750. 9 25, 10 35, 12 35 15, 20, 340, 555. 520. 65. 7 5. 8 55. 10 45. Sunday 8 48, 1 40, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. a Saturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 935 10 30, 10 35, 11 30, 12 30, 12 45, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30. 430 ' 14, 530 6 30, 7 30, 833, 955, alo 50, 11 0. Sundays, 830 8 40, 9 25.9 30. 1040, 1 40,2 02 5, 6 35, 8 30, aSaturday only. liiddlewich-E3 48, 11 37, 242. 61. • Moore-7 0, 96, 11 57, 3 20. 455, 657. Sundays 8 15,4 48. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 730. 8 42, 9 11, 929. 10 9. 10 22 22, 11 52, 1242.1 0,1036,3 0,4 7,4 58,5 10,5 35,5 49,627,7 30 15, 9 55, 118, all 47. Sundays 8 30,9 49, 10 0, a.m, 340 11 5, a baturdays only. Padgate-7 51, 8 26,9 0, 106. 19. 10, 12, 5 13,1 3, 9 25 Sundays, 8 53, 11 20, 2 3f, 912 10 13. Preston-a 2 11, 5 50, a 6 25. 95. 926, 10 101120, 12 15,2 46, 3 50. 425. 6 40, 8 10, 9 45, 1047. Snudays 2 11, 8 35, 30, 610, 1046, a Mondays excepted. Runcorn-8 39, 9 19, 10 15, 12 30, 1 25, 32, 440, 5 41, 11 6. Sankey (for Penkethl-6 51, 86, 8 41, 925 1019. 11 24. 12 36, 1 36, 2 0,2 40, 3 44, 4 35, 5 21,5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 934. Sun- days 8 49,3 43,57, 923. Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line-11 0, 150 50, 70. Sundays 815 a.m. 6 5 p.m. St. Helens-6 25,70, 80. 8 28. 9 13, 955. 1030, 11 15, 12 6 110, 1 30,1 55,4 45, 525, 6 10,7 0, 90. 10 30„.11 20. Sundays 7 50, 9 35, a.m., 656 95. *Saturdays only. Southport (Lord Street) 8 5, 8 50.10 20, 1120, 12 50, 1 0, 320, 260, 355, 9 40. Sundays, 9 0, 2 10, 80, aSaturdays only. Thelwall 89, 8 36, 9 30, 9 58, 11 13, 1 15, al 41, 29, 2 55. 4 18, 65 37, 63, 6 45, 7 45, 9 37. Sunda ya 8 19, 29. 720. °Saturdays only. bSatip., ays excepted. Widnes (L. ,t N.-W .)-7 5, 8 56, 9 1033, 12 16, 12 53, 22. 3 2), 50, 5 55,6 25,8 51,11 54. Suna y' 8 14,2 50, 7 5, 11 F Widnes (Cheshire Lines) 82), 916,10 Iltl. 12.12 s 2 30. 3 35, 4 25, 6 29, 6 12, 1 16. 7 56. 9 25. a 11 42 Sundays 3 33, 50. 9 10.9 2). aOu S iturdays only . Wigan-2 41. 3,5. 633, 9 31, 952, 100, 1123, 1 50, 458. 1035. Sundays 241, 335, 93), 1113,

RECEIVING ROUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:-

- 1 a Amisusimmommw and if you try this preparation you will believe us. To see how children love the taste of Scott's Emulsion and delight in taking it is almost enough. To see them thrive on it is a cup overflowing with satisfaction. Try it yourself and see. Scott's Emulsion is the best cod-liver oil, rt., the best hypophosphites and the best glycerine 67 made into the best Emulsion the world has ever produced. Made in London. SCOTT & BOWNE, LTD., LONDON, E.G. ALL CHEMISTS. 2/6 IND 4/6. 62 (g)

• Give it to the Baby. rI )4, Was your baby born delicate? /11 Is it having trouble cutting its teeth? Are there disturbances .4 of digestion, paleness, emaciation, or other signs of distress? Nine-tenths of the ills of babies and all growing children come from poor nutrition. They don't need drugs and tonics and a great fuss made over them generally. They need Scott's Emulsion,

GREAT TRIUMPH. WARNER'S SAFE CURE FOR KIDNEY AND URINARY DISEASES. Prescribed by Physicians OF ALL Countries. • DISTINGUISHED PROOF OF MERIT. The only remedy which cures ERIGHT'S DISEASE. "Look to your Kidneys and Good Health will be Yours." Send fJr PPM, .4'tt and Diet Rule, to— 11. H. WARNER 6c CO., 86, Clerkenwell Road, London, MC, Price 2,9 and 4/6 per bottle. SOLD ALL OVER TEE WORLD.

DONKEY BRAND For Scouring and Cleaning. Blocks, lilb. Weight. Sold by Leading Grocers, Oilmen, etc. id. each. .OL sinNws'acau E. READ 8c SON, Manchester.

Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for thei.r rich and delicious flavour. sold in small and large bottles by Grocers in every town.

~ I "IYCLES 1 CYCLES For Ladles end ' -As ..'.,:',1.-11--' , it.leije.nt,e;rna;,t, .' ROYAL cre an..st value Ahligt, ''''''' /..,„ ;,:,..'s.i.k.',:::•:".,,'"'; ar4rlXBge aid.3o per cent '11,0,A, cheaper than eleei‘ here. ) arr , From 103 Monthly. _ OLD MACHINES hXCH ANGED. ns Illustrat.d Lists Pot Frei. Larzl CY'', Main,: innool . THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO., 45, BVERTON-RolD, LIVERPOOL. City Branch : 30. ELLIOTT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 Andeld.

•IMPORTANT TO YOU. When a man has suffered for years with a weakness that blights h 0 life and robs him of all his pleasures ; when, after years of doctoring with all Boras of patent medicines. he finds et icst the right treatment, which brings back to him the power and energy that seemed lost for ever, that man should have every reason to be thankful. A MEDICAL TREATISE (98 Psges) on this seientific and most sucoessfal method for the rapid and permanent cure of Nervous Debility and the kindred physical and ervous ailments, also on Diseases of the Skin, Bladder, Blood, and Urinary System may be obtained by post, In nYelope, on receipt of 4 Stamps, by writing to, a -- —ay to MESSRS. WILKINSON AND 00., 3 AND 4, FITZ AA. AN-SQOA.RE, SHEFFIELD. Every married and single men should avail himself of the opportunity to secure a 000 y of this valuable book, which thoroughly explains the different ailments arising from business worry and their rapid and permanent cure. Br PONT, SEALED. ADDRESS— Messrs. WILKINSON & Co Fitzalan Square, Sheffield. ESTABLISHED 1830 (68 YEARS.)

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not berm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed In every case however long standing. THOUSANDS OF GENNUINE TESTIMONIALS. 2s. 9d. ; post free 3d. extra. To be bad only C. DEAN, MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113 Gray's Inn Road, London.W 0

tow, rePtNNigofm.DlLLis STEEL r I FEMALES. qviortY CORRECT Am naramtraTres, 221101111 Azz. OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the dist.vssing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes, 1/14 &RIC (contains throe times the quantity), of all Chemists. Seat anywhere on receipt of 15 or St stamps, by E. T. TOWLE 00.. Alanufactutors. Dryden St., Nottingham. ort

..Nt5.J.T.4.4., ~..'AIIDI"

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG witht ha n dischargeam ma lo noarm;Ashweerivias e ,thapterwhhaepns W I Tsi ru „ woundsounded you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and had medical advice, and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CURE 'YOU. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for Is ed. to O. W. ALEHRT, 73, FARRINGDost-srnzET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PI,LLS which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs •lon a maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pell )le I lan Bunions. (Registered Copy I ight.)

LADIES INDISPENSABLE TO LADIES I Pertiendarly those who desire a quick, safe ancr7aFa=od non-Inittrioug remedy for all obstructions and irregularities, a medi- cine which cures (usually in a few hours) eases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady seed despair, as the most obstinate sad helpless eases Dave been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. wilsos, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, say " you Invaluable remedy took Immediate effect; In leaf than 19 hours I Wag nli rlght, after 18 weeks of misery Ilnd hopelessness. A properly certified guarantee is encldied with testimonials and medicine. O Is usually sufficient for any case. np Lad package at BtB Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for pardon- hrs and proofs. I will forfeit /1.2,000 it the testi' stsoniats are not genuine.. Thousands of ussolicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. Novica.—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have the largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and only harmless medicine of its kind for ladies, and cures more patients in one month than all other Female Remedies put together in twelve months. This can be proved by our Testimonial& if you require more particulars, I will send you per return of post, in sealed letter, post tree, a splendid Book (34 pages) and Guide cloth covers, 6o pages and 4o illustrations of Ladles App 'lances), and full particulars of the wonderful effective remedies as advertised end sold in every town and village in Great Britain. Consultations Free every day 3to 7. Established won noo years. .r ro, not delay, but write at ones privately to MADAME-FRAIN Institute, Hackney load, London L. (oppoo•e Shoreditch Church.)

These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to Copaiba, Cubebs or Injections, and cure in forty-eight hours the same diseases without inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name •/A ldy.• Sold by all Chemists, or post free 316, from WILCOX a CO., 83,Mortimer St.,London,W.

T.l3oo.ooVvewl2sacAvig,o•o•o,oo•42 ; Satisfactory alike to guest; ; and host is coffee made with; Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essence. Sold in small and large 3 bbottles by Grocers everywhtre. 0.4i14.044,03t474.4,1WveratX4340,40

Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers of Symißgton's Edinburgh Coffee Es- sence. Makes a cup in a moment.

THE GREAT REMEDY. ,T,•;vlv) ja IT 7z itrih ft4,--"q tiP k 4.1 GOUT IrD• s . and FOR GOUT RIT I!d BUATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure Safe eitetnal. All Chemists and Stores 15.141 and 2s. 9,i.toz.

MADAM DU VAL'S LAVENDER PILLS FOR LADIES. SPEEDY, SAFE AND CERTAIN. IN BOXES 2. 9d. and 49. 6d. Poet free. Secretly packed from MADAME DU VAL. 47, ST. DIARY'S CHAMBisRS, ST. MARY AXE, LUNDON, 8.0.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS ose Bilious and flervotts Disorders, SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, aro. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Nedielne Tendon.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE D E NTISTR Y. 'TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but msy be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Huh patient Informed ii)worbefcrekand the cost t TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. Anlll.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extortftertiatnroauss hitherto by the aid; TEETH., Maker to Dentists of 10,0 G gallon. weekly. )Exors. of the late • J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY.Exim.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET. (NIT. L. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TL ESDAYS, at Mrs. Maze WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-NT RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. NORTHWICH On FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARICHT-BTe

Ruisfaolf.N. MARRIAGES. Bomm—Cmcnir—On the 28th ult., at the Re,„lstry Office, Runcorn. Mr. Thomas Booth, to Miss M. Rosina Cloudy, both of Norton. GlBLlN—RoLumeox—On the 291 h ult., at St. Edwards Catholic Chur .h. Mr. Michael Giblin to Miss Bertha Rol— Ibsen. both of Runcorn. POLLAN —BRATT—On the 29th ult. at , St. Edward's Catholis Church, ,dr. Robert Pollan, to Miss Elizabeth H. Brett,- both of Run-orn. GREGORY—JAmamv—On the 30th ult.. Mr. George Edward, Gregory, to Miss M 9 V Ellen Jamson, both of Runcorn. MOORES —BiLLANCE —OK the let lust., at the Methodist Free Church, Runcorn, Mr. James Moores to Miss Florence /Mance, both ot Runcorn. DEATHS. BLassam..—On the 28th ult, at 33, Nelson-street, Runcorn, Mrs. Mary Jane Hassel, aged 57 rears.
