===== 0002601_18981021_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I

ENVE.LOPES PE 1,000. • RI,. ° IWTALKER AND CO.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—EDUCATION ACTS. EXAIIdINATION of CHILDREN FOR 1 LABOUR CERTIFICATES. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN. that one of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools will hold an Examination for Labour Certificates at the ST. MARY'S SCHOOL, BUTTERMARRET-STRRET, on FRIDAY the nth DAY of OCTOBER. 1898, at 9 A.M. Any child who is desirous of obtaining a Labour Certificate , and attending any Public Elementary School, must give Notice to the School Master, of its intention to be examined, on or before Saturday the 22nd day of October, 1898, Any further information will be furnished on application to any of the School Attendance Inspectors. Dated this 7th day of September, 1898. J. LYON WHITTLE, Ole' k to the School Attendance Committee.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO MEN When you are tired of Mking nauseous and mysterlotia prescriptions and ,:ompounds, which. do you no good, but only ruin your digestive orgtns write .to me and I will send you a ok which desert*. a QUICK AND curamx Cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, &C., from whatever muse arising, NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEC. TRICITY. bent In envelope on receipt ot two stamps.for Postage. A. J. utall, ug2-93. Great Russell-street, London, W.C.

CJ QTAGG. Florist, Smithfield Market, Manchester` . .0 runtral Wreathe ad Crows from 35. 6d. Ai:labors and Harps from 4e. 6d.; Bridal la )A I uquetta frees 34. 6d. Cash with order

===== 0002601_18981021_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
2 "WI" USR DOUGAL :S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR IT IS THE PIM

"WOMEN'S CHAT."

The Duchcsa of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, who on Monday' this week celebrated the anniversary of her birthday, is a very handsome woman, and looks considerably younger than her years, which now number forty-five.l She has been a grandmother a little more than five years Prince Carol of Roumania having been born on October 15th 1893. The Duchess is undoubtedly the most statelyl of the Queen's daughters-in-law, and as aunt of the present Czar, and wife of a reigning "niece, a certain ' touch of hauteur in her manner is perhaps only suitable to her position. She dresses exceptionally well, wed has taught her three married daughters to follow closely in her footsteps. In this country, the Princess of Wales is generally supposed to be the best-dressed wornan,and she certainly I may be said to earn this reputation.. Her Royal Eilgh- nese never goes to extremes, but ber toilettes are always caref telly thought out, and suit her to perfection. Among society women, Lady Algernon Gordon-Lennox may be said to take front rank, as a good dresser. She is never seen in an unbecoming gown, and her hair is always beautifully dressed. She is devoted to gardenias and is never seen without them. • Lady Algernon, ho is one of the brightest and most fascinating women in society,' lacks the perfect regue larity of feature that distinguishes her sister the Countess of Warwick, but her face has equal charm, owing to its sweet expression, the brilliant blue of her eyes, and her exquisite complexion. After the death of her father the late Colonel the Hon. Charles H.Maynard; her widowed mother married the Earl of Rosslyn, wick became the mother of the present eat I, of the lovely Duchess of Sutherland, of the almost equally pretty Countess of Westmorland, and cf a younger unmarried daughter. Lady Algernon has one lovely little girl, Ivy, who is the joy and p‘ide of her mother's heait. Miss Kiissner, before leav:ng for New York,completed several miniatures among then; being one of Lady Naylor-Leyland, who as most people are aware, was foemerly Miss Jeannie Chamberlain., of Cleveland, Ohio. It is an exquisite painting. The delicate colouring of the pink cheeky, pinker lips, and bright gulden hair, wbieh comes down In the daintiest curls on the forehead, is thrown softly on a background of palest sky blue, which is in faint hatmony with the deep blue of her eyes. There is no jewel, nor even a flower, n -thine to heighten the effect, which in itself; althoueh e delicate, Is also very brilliant. Lady Naylor-Leyland is still con- sidered by many, to be the most beiutiful American woman in society, but she is scarcely so robust as brr friends could wish. She has never beea really strong since an ettack of typhoid fever ehe had some years ago. The first County Dog Show, under the auspices of the Ladies' Kennel Cub, held at Wolverhampton, did not reach such a pitch of excellence as the London shows have done, but it was a very fair succees and the scene in the Drill Halt, a very animated one. Some of the' dogs had the appearance of being well-pleased and care- less, having often been to shows before, and knowing they will often go again. These barked their temarks In the spirit of the gossip. Ocbers were full of grief, and with woeful voices interrogated at large, concerning the why and wherefore of dog shows. Others again were almost wild with excitement and curiosity, and the sharpest and shrdlest of all toe barks were there. The Princess of Wales' two fine does were withdrawn, owing to the death of the Queen of Denmark. Jet is in great request at the present time, owing to so many clistingsrehed families being plunged into ' mourning. The most exquisite and fanciful deceive are being produced, and public taste in this, as in other things, is yearly improving. Jet is a variety of coaly matter, resembling cannel coil, but harder and blacker, It also takes a higher polish. It is, like ordinary coal, a eombination of carbon and hydrogen. Its original source is doubtful, but it appears rather to have been bitumen then woody matter, although woody structure and scales of fish etc., are sometimes traceable, It has evidently been long used for ornamental purposes. for In a Roman tumulus at Whitby, a jet earring was found, with a female skeleton, and at the church of St. Gereion, Cologne, a complete set of jet ornaments were found in a stone ceffin. The miner starts wee king with the greatest care, hunt" leg through rocks until he fiads the upper bias form itinn which produces the best jet, the under quelity which I. easier to work and finer and helter than the soft, which is proportionately duller and more brittle. It is found in layers varying in thickness an average being teree to eighteen feet broad, and ten to twelve feat beg. The Spaniards at one time exported large quantities of jet Into this country, but was found to be in no way so dur- able as home produce. At the moment it is necessary to have a collection of ornamental as well as serviceable bat pins. The former specirnece, p messing gilt or gold stems, an i jawelleek heads, are being thrust into the centre of a rosette, Or Into a draped crown, and left sticking there like arrows. The favourite jewel es a large black pearl, set in paster on a firm geld stem. - • -

- In the hatpin eervieeable, a very different choice Is , ours to-day, to that offered not many seaeons ago, when knobs of jet, and white glass, were only poseible. It ha' attained a level of costly lrauty that will marl than use up the balance saved ii purchasinr jewelled combs. and Other hair ornaments. A cross of pearls, a coral knob imereunded with tiny brilliants', small enamel balls stud- ded with brilliant's, are only a few of the designs which decorate the tops of up-to-date hatpins. The upright linen collar Is little seen nowadays,which ,Irdistinetly a fact to rejoice over, as it is a foe to all bdauty of the feminine neck and throat. Where the stiff band has cut into the soft flesh, appears wrinkles and ridges, SO that when a decollate gown haa to be donned, the swan-like neck beloved of the poets, is conspicuous by its abeeare. Some of the best dressed women meet the C6BB by adopting, in pace of the upright stiff linen collar. a !White pique stock,thst neither war', nor discolours the seek. This Is made with a white band, which is quite bfr, and can be drawn round to fit the neck perfectly, w en the mil are slipped through the opening. or slit at the back. Physical culturists have for years past held forth concerning the great harm the linen collar was doing to the beauty of the contour of the feminine Mel. The warning though was pooh-poohed, and now tr knowledge has been purchased by many, in the dear esol of experience. 'Thai Frenchman's idea of a British woman would seem ~, undergo no change. as time goes on. In his opining 0 still have a huge nose, no chin, and a long neck—at least that is his favourite mode of depicting us. It is true that for a long time we persisted in our tradition that Frenchmen never washed, and that in 1851 Leech drew two Parisians regarding hand-basins with ponied "and asking each other what for these strange thieve but we ro lonizer make these kind of jokes about our raidgiabours, and they ought to be ashamed to continue Irepreeenting us as possessed of a gigantic nose and stork- llke The sea gulls have recommenced their now annual tar season in London.and weather prophets are busy predicting a severe and early winter. Lest riar., th-v did Much the same thing, but as events proved,the gull's 'lnfluence upon the weather was nil. A few years ago -gulls were unknown in London, except is the very Meet winters. During the terrible winter of 1890-91, y discovered that London was a desirable health re- sort, and there has been a busy sea-gull session everi since. Most of the visitors are small black-headed golle.Ther are to be seen any fine afternoon in St. James' Park. dr. int sear the bridge, over the ornamental wrvers. Wheat they see any food going they come in flocks, fly close to the donor and with their bright black eyes, almost be. ech him for a share. They fight vigorously and nnis/1Y et food of any kind. The gulls journey up and doWsrl m the sea daily, coming shortly after sunrise, and ring before sunset. ,- Fry a quarter of a pound of becan cut in dice. When I 'lone beat up four eggs with a little pepper and salt,add the bacon and fry altogether. Stir the mixture in the lian until it gets thick then turn on to a dish. and send 1 to table immediately. This makes a delicious breakfast dish. " MADGE."

_,MI,

UNSUSPECTED DANGERS.

There are men, and women too, who are aufferin g with dull and indefinite pains in various parts of the body, who feel unaccluntablv weary, who are often feverish, have loss of appetite, coated tongue, head. aches, general feeling of melancholy, and who do not know the reason. It is surprising how prevalent these troubtel are, and yet it is marvellous that so few people know what they mean. But there ie but one cause for all these things,and that is—disordered liver. N. troubles cause so many disturbances in the entire organism as a sluggish, torpid liver. The Rev. T. de Witt Talmage, in one of his sermo.s on the " The Gospel of flealth." stated that he had studied the largest and most important gland of the human system—the liver—not by the elestric light of the modern diaseeting.ronsn, but by the dim light of comparatively dark an., and vet had seen its important function in the God-built castle of the human body, its selecting and secreting power, its curious cells, its elongated, branching tub's—a divine workmanship in general. Oh, this vital organ is like the eve of God, in that it never sleeps. This is the organ to the considera- tion of which Solensen calls us, when he devcribes sin progressing" till a dart strike through the liver." It has been pointed out over and over again that Warner's Safe Cure is the only real liver remedy, and which promptly removes biliousnese, restoring the lost power of the liver, neutralizing the acids,disgorging the overloaded ducts, and causing the bile to rasa through its natural channel. Mrs. Bistenden, Bellers Lane,Mal- vern, had b•en suffering from liver complaint, jaundice, nausea, with conatant sickness and utter proetratinn, from May, 1897, till December,and had the good fortune to have her attention called to Warner's Safe Cure. To the comfort of her family and husband, she gained strength gradually, and is again able to de her house- work, after her husband having despaired of her ever getting better.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

THE popular song should only be sung in the 'hearing of those with whom it is popular. Olin idea of a good time would be to have so little to do that we could never remember what, day of the week it is." • 'Barrin' me landlady and me washerwoman," said Mr. Horrigan, with honest pride, "Ox owe no man a cint."

TICE ENFANT TERRIBLE. "All is over between us !" she cried, But quick she discovered her blunder; giggle beneath the settee ' Soon showed there was still something under. "THERE is no such thing on earth as retributive justice." "Why do you say so?" "The person who leaves flypaper on a chair is never the one who sits down on it.' "Do the police suspect anybody of the mur- der. ?" " Yes. ' "Whom do they suspect!" "Oh, . .

they don't know." HE LIVED AND LEARNED.—" Yes," said the returned Klondiker ; "I did have a hard time; but I never fully appreciated the difficulties of the trip until Iread the descriptions in the papers." THOUSANDS OF THEM.—" I do not see what she finds attractive about him." "Why, there are thousands of reasons for her loving him." "What are they?" "Pounds." FOOLED.—" Was that mind reader able to read your thoughts." "No. I fooled him by thinking in French, and my French is perfectly awful." "I HAVE never yet lost a patient," said young Dr. Doce' proudly. "I can't say that much," replied Dr. Paresis. "I often have a patient get well." REVEREND JOHNSON: Whad yo' gwine toe name him, Mrs. Jackson? Mrs. Jackson: I's gwine call him Klnodyke Gravel Jackson, 'cause it takes so much time toe wash an' cradle him. A LUCKY MAN.—Spriggs "Hello, old man, I'm awfully glad to see you out again. I heard that the doctors gave you up." Bowles: "Yes, I guess I'd have died if they hadn't." FARMER : "But it seems to me you ask very high wages for a man that don't know how to plough." Patrick : "Sure, sir, ain't it harder for me if I don't know how ? "

RECOGNISED TIIE NAME. - Private Moriarty (the raw recruit) : "Halt, will yea ? Who goes there?" Captain Bighead (indignantly) : "Fool!" Private Moriarty (unabashed): " Advance, fool, an' give the countersign." _ _

SHOULD Br A TERMINUS.—The work of con- struction of the Chinese Eastern Railway was begun lately near Stanitza poltayskava. Imagine the delirious delights of the officials on the new railway with the names of such stations as that to call out.

PROSPECTIVE BRIDE: "I didnripaccept Tom the first time he proposed." Miss Ryval (slightly envious) : "I know you didn't." Prospective Bride: "How do you know?" Miss Ryval : "You weren't there." OLD HARDING : "Well, I guess that young Dabsley's determined to marry our Lib in spite of everything. Mrs. }larding : "Why do you think so, Jeremiah ? " Old Harding: "Why, you know she sang to him and played the piano, night before last, and here he is again." "YES, Adolphus," she whispered, when the light had been turned down so low that it gave up the ghost, and she couldn't see herself blush for the glittering gloom. "Yes, I will be thine !" "Angel !" exclaimed Adlphns Kamera, ecstati- cally, and in a rapturous aside, "never tell me more that negatives are developed in a dark room 1"

_ TIIIC good lady scrutinised him closely. "Didn't I give you a whole meat-pie a day or two ago?" she inquired, in icy tones. "Yes, mum," replied the tramp, "I'm the same party; but I've re- covered, and, if you'll make it plain bread-and. butter this time, I'll be much obliged." Ali Irish valet, seeing his master fill the waste- paper basket with torn-up letters, exclaimed rue- fully, "Oh, why did you go for to tear them up, sir! They might have come in so useful for me, who am always so bothered when I have to write a letter I"

CoRNERED.—Mrs. Modus "Well, George, you promised me a new bonnet." George: "I? Promised you a new bonnet? When ?" Mrs. Modus: "Before you married me you swore that never should disgrace rest upon my head through you; and what do you call this shabby thing that's on my head now?" Wzr.a. PREPARED.—Mrs. Newlywed: "That is our new burglar alarm—you see, if a burglar should get into the lower part of the house, that would ring." Her Mother "Oh I—and frighten him off?" "Mrs. New' v A (doubtfully) : "Well, it might; but it w 06,1 4.ve Clarence and me plenty of time to hide in the attic, anyway." Barn NERVOUS. Suitor (nervously): "Mr. Matchitt, I—er—why—er—your--er daughter—l wish to--er—speak—" Mr. Matchitt (also nervously) : "Look here, young man; out with it. If you wish to marry my danahter, say so. Don't keep me sitting here in this awful suspense !" Is Bzia.mr.—First Citizen: "The continued spread of the bicycle habit makes me somewhat nervous." Second Citizen: "But why, pro- fessor ?" First Citizen : "Just think if the Emperor should take a notion to design a bicycle ! Not only would every man be compelled to ride, but it might be treason not to ride his Majesty's make."

----- WASN'T THAT ENOUGH ?—" When I bought that chest," said the angry woman, "you said it was moth-proof. Now look at these furs! See these moths? See these patches where the hair has come out? Look at these flannels ! They look as if a dog had bitten at them I Moths did it? What have you to say now ? " "Madam," said the meek shopman, "what further proof of moths do you require?" A HINT TO SIIFFEHERS.—A neighbour's chickens annoyed a lady in a Gloucestershire village by rooting up her garden. She tied a lot of small cards with strong threads of big grains of corn, and wrote on the cards: "Please keep your chickens at home." The chickens ate the corn, and the startling message was carried home by them to their owner. " SOCIETY GIRL: "My dear Miss M`Siddons, how you must adore your art. You seem perfectly wrapped up in it. I love to watch you on the stage when you gaze upward in that soulful way of yours as you come to some particularly emotional passage. Are you seeking tuspiration when you do that ? " Emotional Actress: "Oh, no; I am ; just counting the receipts in the gallery."

A vavountrz joke at a certain railway station parcels' office is :—" If the gentleman wh-, left the Stilton cheese in the cloakroom aix months ago does not call to take it away, we shall kill it." Probably this is the gentleman who was heard some time ago to tell his servant to "let loose the Gorgonzola, and was subsequently found chasing fit round the garden. Tun LIMIT.—A man had a big trade in Albata spoons, and he insisted that he must have a better price. The manufacturer said he could not make any reduction unless he put in more lead. The merchant said: "All right; use more lead." It was not long before he wanted another reduction, and he got the same answer from the manufacturer. He get instructions from the merchant to use more lead, as he must have the spoons at a less price. Still he was not happy, and wanted another reduc- tion. The manufacturer informed him that it was impossible; that he could not make any lower price. The merchant wrote back, and said: "Put in more lead." The manufacturer answered, and said • "I can't do it, as the last lot I sent you were all lead." Causic FOB. CONTENTMENT.—Farmer Hornbeak (looking up from his newspaper) : "After all, it seems to me that ts man ought to be pretty happy liP there in the Klondike region. The paper says that in winter the mercury regularly stands at about 60 degrees below zero, and in summer the country is infested with mosquitoes nearly as large as bats and almost as ferocious as hyenas. Mr. Hombeak "Mercy, Ezra I How could anybody be happy in such a place as that?" Farmer Hornbeak : "Why, I should think that the memory of the terribie cold of the previous winter would make the man reconciled to the discomforts of summer, and the thoughts of those monstrous mosquitoes would make him contented in winter; and I've noticed that when a man is reconciled and contented he is usually happy."

_ EVERY WOMAN Sbould send two stamps for our NEW BOOK containing valuable information to Ladies,how all Irregularities mal be entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means. Eecommended by eminent physicians as the only Ede, Sure. and genuine Remedy. Never Falls." Thousands Of Testimonials.—Mr. W. E. BLANCHAED, Claremont Hasse, Yoreit-road. Ashton. Longo°.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
LADTES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE, Something approaching a revolution has taken place in the shape of hats thisiptumn. No longer are their brims turned up against the crown at the back or over the left ear, but they droop meekly over forehead and coil of hair, and are only very slightly raised at the sides by means of trimmings. This particular shape reminiscent of the fashions of the sixties, is iikely to be very much worn— indeed, setting aside the always-popular boat arid and sailor shapes, it has no dangerous rivals except the toque and the tricorn hat, and as it suits the majority of English faces it seems likely to remain iu favour throughout the coming winter.

One of the prettiest of these drooping-brimmed hats is of gray soft felt, trimmed with. three huge soft ostrich plumes starting from a big rosette of shaded grey velvet in front, falling towards the sides and partly sailing the crown, which is low, as are all hat-crowns this season. The feathers are grey, like the hat itself but a pleasant touch of colour is provided by the velvet chrysanthemums of rich orange which are tucked under the brim at either side. This brim, by the way, is quite as broad at the back as it is in front, unlike a few of the new models whose brims are eloped away slightly behind.* Coloured felts, with contrasting linings— especially in deep green combined with turquoise blue—are again very fashionable, and a smart hat of this sort has its crown encircled by two feathers shaded from green to blue and starting from a mighty rosette of miroir velvet that has a hand- some paste ornament in the centre. A grey felt hat, lined with crimson and trimmed with grey feathers, shaded crimson wings, and steel orna- ments, is also a bright and pretty headgear for wear on a iull autumnal day.

In addition to big cloaks we have to weleome back that most obliging of garments, the redin- gote. Girls aver that very large coats are not only heavy but weight their skirts down to such an extent that they spoil anything smart and new. My advice to them is not to wear a good skirt underneath a smart new coat. This is one reason that a coat is such a useful garment. It is worn both for cold weather and for driving and travelling in, and with it may go a skirt that has known its best days and is not longer than the redingote it- self. If the skirt is longer and shows at all lb ii apt to look shabby. It is modish to line a coat of this sort with a delicate shot glace silk. Anemone oolour is a particular favourite; cyclamen pink another. I have Been a green very successfully lining a putty-coloured cloth. Glace silk comes as a boon and a blessing in this direction; it slips on and off so easily and seems to wear a very great deal better than the striped satins which are cer- tainly thicker than this silk, but not nearly so com- fortable nor so durable.

üb.tri

For a young girl an artistic little dram am be made of electric blue cloth or velveteen with a pleated vest, aed a soft sash of silk in a paler shade of blue. The gouged sleeves are also of silk. With this is worn a large picture hat which is made of velveteen to match the dress, with a puff- ing at the edge and a cluster of ostrich tips in the front. A dress, becoming only to young girls and very young women, is one which fastens invisibly under the arm. Even these bring it nearer to a bodice with embroidery, simulating a short bolero, or with insertions of braid arranged in clusters, encircling the skirt, and repeating themselves on the shoulders. A quadruple collar, trimmed with similar insertion, completes this costume, which is destined for walking, travelling, races, or country excursions. This implies that the high, volumin- ous collar, far from being abandoned, reappears with the autumn days, indispensable on a carriage cloak, a theatre cloak, a cloak for every occasion ! When in slate-blue on brick-coloured cloth, it is bordered with transparent incrustations on a silk lining. Two or three exquisite! have appeared at country houses with collars, painted by themselves on cloth, in lovely f? ‘levicee. The effect is most elegant and rech, - and there is little fear of the mode becoming t, .n. "'stir loving_ al RIMEL

F • EMALE AILMENTS Irregularities and Obstructions however obstinate quickly and surely relieved and removed In a few :lours, after all else fails, this remedy acts as mastic. Full particulars, testintonials and proofs will be sent on receipt of stamped envelope.

Madam MARTYN. 20. Elshopigate Wltriout, London. Established 30 Years.

TOBACCONISTS Commenelng.—See Illustrate-I Guide 259 rage.) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting C0.,166, Buston-roal‘ London Hairdressers fitted.—Maragerliblrus.—.4dvt. •

lak

(/( '1 . ...:-.„. ..4. : 3; 7?*Vl •/- . (.... V'? '*7.7.-:.."' "-----4 . 1 /7. //,e P. : . :4, •:74<-.f.... . . . . . . . . . ' . , s. . 7

vs § .., . .t. . g . . .. ~.. i . , . 1 -.......„ ..... ---\\-1, I / 11 q , I 1 /),' I li, A•,\,,, ,\:: s' 1 / ...t., , :i ! 1 1 / // \ I Of' , 5 01 -•'..j.'. ' 1 'V 4 ''. \ ' • • - - 4 .i + ' t , ~..

.- . . ' • ; , 9,l'At.-1 • '") ,•10 ',)!tr...1,1,, ? , lev:,', 4:•Zit.).,Nliq, 6401,0 ' Arl, “:.:, 4. n,4 _ _ ~.• 1 A.,,...., • 441'..14‘1 ~ • ''., ..'.... ;.. ,11.- ft, -'',- ' r"; f! N'T 3, .•Zr ' 41,1 i. ')1..217 4.7.. t 1/ , ,/,..,pet,l ,-'\ . .".-.!.!: .:4k.--r,il vi, vrir/ la .*:::,.. Oie ."+.4 . , .. . c t 7-7---/.., 'tii , f 7 I.floa .. '' ? ‘ . i, 1,,,i. 7: ' r ' \\. , , 'i A).l ,711 • : • •t 1 , y, .. y.... '''' ..--. 1 •• r tf ?' A \ . .1) .• ; '/ , • if.. a , 1,, . ' ; ' "' ''''' ' k:\ r ..... t• 1 . P . '‘., . . -. . "/ . IA. '' '

===== 0002601_18981021_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18981021_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
11

1 I • : 14 I / • • • lit I' I /

;,1 •

, ; ,

i ,

-

===== 0002601_18981021_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
c THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21 1898

,(11 rights reserved.) THE

SECRET OF MARK PEPYS.

BY FRED J. PROCTOR, Author of _"Timothy Twill's Secret," "Jean

Marlou." ‘Dr. Dobbs." (tc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: This story is related by Sandy Does, a Californian trader before the days of the gold rush. His employer, Mark Pepys, is in love with a Mexican girl, Lucia Diaz. Manuel Muro, a Mexican also appears to love the girl, and Dees fears that he is plotting to take Pepys's life. He doubts the girl's good faith also. One night Pepys's store is ransacked and a half- breed on guard is killed. There is reason to believe that Muro and a band of Indians have had a hand in the affair. Pepys takes an oath to revenge the half• - breed. Sandy Dees discovers that Pepys has a secret which prevents him ever returning to his native land, and the Scot tries to discover its nature. The settlement of San Leno, beseiged by Indians, sends for help. Mark and his friends, with Lucia, proceed thither.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VIL

TIIE SIEGE,

The lion in Mark Pepys was roustedtind the redskins would feel his teeth. As the Indians had removed their women and children to the recesses of the forest, ive anticipated a vigorous attack. Our gunners were rather short of powder, so we reserved the -howitzers for masses of -the enemy, and prepared for a sortie. Only those who have been within the gates of a beleagured city, fort, or camp can realise the anxious hearts which beat at San Leno as Mark led his brave men into the teeth of the enemy. Only a few Indians-could be seen hovering on' the ontskirtS of the • planta- tions, but we soon challenged proof whether others were in hiding. As a preliminary, manceuvre, Mark demolished the le'vers and removed the buckets from the wells used by the red converts. Next he levelled a brick-kiln, and then prudently approached the nearest ;huts. Fortunately, there was no need for extreme,caution, for the Indian adobes were deserted ;and as the hatchets, hanimers, and the fire-fiend did their 'work any redskins who lurked about peered at us on horseback from a safe distance, or keenly watched our raamfeuvres from the depths of the woods. The cunning enemy had. removed all his valuables, and Mark was em- bittered because, after all his efforts to deal fairly by the Indians, they had stolen every portable article—tools, sacks of grain, leather, raw hides, fruit, and saddles. Fortunately for us the granaries and store-houses within the ramparts were filled. Annihilation might be our lot, but, happily, not starvation.

For fully three hours our men carried on their work unmolested, when from the Presidio tower I saw the northern horizon swarming with foes. The men who were fixing wires to short stakes just around the fort, so as to trip the Indians in the event of a sudden rush, were brought in. "Pecos, while I hoist the red danger-flag, do thou give warning below. The dusky warriors swarm over the hills like ants. Tell the Sefiorita what thou dost behold." _ .

Pecos, nimble as a kitten, flew down the stone steps, and soon I saw a messenger issue forth to warn the pioneers. Theretipon great efforts were made to fire every hut within two hundred yards of the walls; but this feat had not been acccom- plished before the • galloping of a host of braves came unpleasantly near, and Mark's contingent sought a safer retreat within the fort. "Sandy," observed my chief, "you have always said that money is therrhost powerful engine on earth to move men, but I think jealousy is ita twin. I have never truckled to the military governors; they are jealous of my popularity and power, and I believe this organisation to be of their making. Mercenary troops were never very reliable, and it will depend upon the number of Californians who lead and assist the redskins whether they maintain the fight. If I come well out of this, the first opportunity that offers I strike against Mexican rule." "Hush!" said I. "Hauld yer tongue! That ugly Californian eunuch's listening. Ye re dashini an' bold enough fer a soldier, but ye wouldna mak an ambassador. Ye're too ootspoken an' honest." "I don't fear eavesdroppers so much as dusky traitors. While you hoisted the red flag I saw the Indian guide through my glass shoot an arrow at a venture, northward, in the direction of the incoming host. These cunning fellows know how to convey messages by such means. But I'll not condemn where I can't prove guilt. Listen! The foe has halted; he is 'covorting,' as Harry Puke would say." We felt convinced that representations were already made of our presence, and the new methods of defence adopted by us, for presently certain evolutions boded ill. Their riflemen completely encircled us, and a large body worked strenuously to stop the conflagrations. • We refrained from firing, in order to keep our ammunition for a closer encounter, a precaution which afterwards proved of immense advantage, but enabled the invading host to secure several ambuscades. As Mark explained, "It is the case of a chess-player sacrificing the pawns to save the big pieces." Finding our plan was giving the enemy con- fidence, we set our crack shots to pick off such as exposed themselves within range, and this had the effect elf curbing their ardour. But it increased their cunning, for through my glass I saw a con- ference take place between their leaders. Their aides-de-camp were despatched with new instruc- tions, and a general movement of retreat followed, the "braies maintaining their circle, but at a greater distance. "The delay of offensive warfare means that an attack is contemplated under cover of the darkness." This was Mark's opinion. The attack was nothing short of murder—an attack afterwards justified by intelligent Indians on the ground that the Spanish cohorts had devastated Mexico, and robbed the natives of their inheritance.

During a period of suspense rifle holes were knocked in the adobe outhouses, weak spots strengthened, and a barricade, COT isting of sacks of flour, grain, furniture, branches, &c., erected inside the gates. I recall with pride the ringing cheers which greeted Mark's last instructions tc the assembled garrison, and the look of brave determination on our faces when his words of ckeer inspired us with greater confidence in his leadership. • "Comrades," said he, doffing his hat, "the red- skins outside mean business." "Bo do we I " replied the lads. • "They have repaid my kindness with base ingratitude. They have stolen my cattle, and laid waste my lands. Now they wish to exterminate us. If I attempted to conciliate them it would only be but a temporary release from a horrible death. So we must fight to the bitter end. The women, under the instructions of Senorita Diaz, will attend to the wounded, and carry such as cannot walk to the temporary hospital within our hat refuge, the Presidio. No man is to leave hie post, but if hard pressed he can call for help. All the ammunition will be given out; there is not sufficient for a second supply. Take steady aim, that each shot may tell. Let every bullet strike home with deadly effect, for the skilled marksman wins to-day. If we resist the first rush all will end well; but, if from a thirst for blood and a desire to plunder, white men are directing the attack, we may expect them to rally. They will give no quarter; so give none. Remember what it insane if any of us fall into their hands—torture, and a lingering death. I have made a vow not to surrender. Do you agree ? " "Yea, yes!" they cried as one man; and, judging from the resolution upon their faces, they meant it. If there is one dissentient, let him now speak," added Mark; but all were silent. "At the sound of the bugle," he continued with a more confident ring in his voice, his face radiant with a smile of satisfaction, "those who are able will make for the Presidio—our last point of resistance. If there is danger of our women and children falling alive into their hands, let those who remain take counsel how to rob the fiends of their victims. If I fall, the command will devolve on my friend, Sandy Dees,"—he shook me heartily by the hand— "and I ask you to obey him as you would me. In such an event I commend the Senorita to your care. Should Sandy sums-arab, Father Otando will lead you. Good hick must determine the rest. GcC. help us!" The brave lads then raised a mighty shout, and after Father Otando had given us his blessing, and the men had solemnly taken leave of those dear to them, Mark assigned each man his post, with instructions that needed courage alone to make the defenders fight and die as warriors ought. Mark and I ascended the Prisidio tower hb watch the movements of the enemy, and while there Lucia came up rwith a scared countenance. This woman, whose determination equalled her beauty, was a passle to me, so when she asked for ury teiescooe and peered between the buttresses

Senorita Diaz, 1

the foe, I stood back and gazed at her with astonishment. Mark was looking to the condition of his rifles, and putting a keen edge on his hunt-, ing knife, for he expected tough work with these desperate fellows. "-Mark," observed Lucia, as she returned my glass, "if there is found a traitor amongst us what shall be his fate? " "Instant death, Lucia. Don't play with fire; put it out. Who is not actively with me at this crisis is my foe." "Then arm each woman as best you can. I have a stiletto and a brace of pistols. Should anyone amongst us play you false he shall lack the second opportunity. Let Pecos load your rifles; as for the Indian guide, he shall precede me whithersoever, I direct, and do my bidding. Let your most- trusted Englishmen be about you too, for they are not likely to play you false, and an Indian will not Suspect a woman of sufficient'vigilariee or courage to avenge treachery. This is simply a precautionary step, for all may be well with us. Father Otando can manage the Spaniards; I will keep an'erye on this Californians. Are the guns in good condition ? " "First-class," answered Mark. "But why this caution? Does anybody's courage need screwing up ? " She took my glass, and han ing it to Mark, said: "Look for yourself .14 yonder stack of dry brush- wood. Tell me if you see anything strange?" Lucia stood with folded arms, the sentiment subdued within her, .and every movement indica- ting presence of. mind combined with: singular courage. Mark levelled • the, telescope, and I strained my eyes to discover the object whieh gave a flush to tuciii's cheeks, a sparkle of excitement to her dark ,eyes,,. and an expression ofextra- ordinary resolution to her face. "I see nothing uncommon," Mark quietly observed. "You are fanciful, Lucia." " Mas vale ser necio quo porfiado !:?' ,exclsimed she, annoyed. - But my friend Mark was neither foolish nor obstinate, • - The moment I spied out the enemy,' prostrated myself, crying: - "Doon, baith o's ye!" We crouched beneath the. adobe battlements, a a shbwer of arrows struck the tower or flew past us. "A narra squeak!" I muttered, with a shudder. "The fight begins!" cried Lucia, her blood warm and her eyes flashing. "Let. our defence be such as they will never forget. I have learnt something about Indian tactics. First, let your gunners dis- lodge the party behind that stack, for we have not only to face the Indians; but to worst their leaders, who are white men with military experience." -I,direeted my glass upon the stack, and noted one or. two in European dress. "Yes, Lucia's richt. Gie them pepper!" The episodes between Muro and Mark flashed across my mind, and I wondered whether the rival had a hand in this nefarious design upon our persons and, property. The Senorita threw her arms around Mark's neck and kissed him fervently. "My love," she said, "none of us know what the next sunrise may reveal, but be assured of this, I shall not fall alive into the hands of this merciless foe." The significance of this remark was afterwards made apparent. "I swear," observed Mark, "that the black- guards shall not make sport of me " ; and kissing her with a fondness which hardly dove-tailed with the stern work in hand, he added: "You must stay here—Nrlth Sandy, while 1 point the northern howitzers." "Luelc t'yer, aim," said I, as Mark rushed doYhi• the •stairs. And then, when I turned to look at the Senorita,- she was peering with an anxious face in the direction of the stack. I touched her shoulder gently, saying: "Senorita, ,it was your own choice to run into this danger.' • The whole majesty of her nature' asserted itself as she proudly answered: "When I complain it will le time for you to • chide, not befo,re. Men cry out about their little aches and pains, for- getting what women can patiently suffer. Men are moved to heroic deeds by great excitement; it is in the nature of women to need but the call of duty. Be the end what it may, I shall not be charged with cowardice."

I shrugged my shoulders nen-Plussed. We waited with bated breath, while I directed my glass througlian embrasure, Lucia, looking over., ray shoulder to note the effect of the guns. Presently the boom and smoke announced that our resistance had begun in earnest. The first shot ' ploughed the ground near the stack, but the second scattered the wood in all directions, and sent about a dozen horsemen romping to the rear. Lucia took the glass from me with considerable excite- ment, and, directing it upon the retreating foe, exclaimed : "My God! It is Muro I We shall have hot work! "Muro?" I reiterated. • Lucia checked herself, and then, with a winning smile, answered: "I thought I recognised the notorious Muro, but, at this distance, deception is easy. It may be a Spanish cavalier and not the outlaw who, like Satan, is painted blacker thaa he is." "Those who should, dare not betray Muro." Lucia shrugged her shoulders and raised her eyebrows. I looked yet again, but the leaders had sought ambush further afield, and the whole of the horsemen surrounding the fort had not added to their numerical strength, but simply extended their ring. I reported these manoeuvres to Mark, who gave orders that the lads were to fire at those patrols they were pretty sure of hitting. Our desultory firing told home with such deadly effect that, as the gloaming increased, the foe hid him- self behind every available shelter. Our garrison got impatient, and Pecos rendered great service by suggesting that we should occupy their minds and hands in making resin-wood torches and paste fire- balls for casting among the besiegers. This was an effective mode of warfare in the Far West when the Indians were sufficiently strong to attack in force, and before the introduction of :hulleta with such marvellous penetration at long range. A night attack would increase our 'danger and lessen their risk. Indeed, the suspense became so great as the shadows crept over the gardens, that we eagerly looked for an unclouded sky, and, fortunately for us, the stars twinkled with welcome brilliancy, and the moon rose in all her silvery splendour with a light so powerful that our , tallow candles and oil limps were hardly needed„, "The Indians are bound to strike at once," I ' observed to Lucia; "for another day's delay might bring us reinforcements and add" to their dis- comfiture • though I sincerely hope the waggons. from Yerha Buena are sufficiently distant not to cause a brush with the enemy's rear." As the moonlight strengthened we felt our success was assured, but the fate of the approaching party would depend on their readiness in case of sudden surprise. After all these years I vividly recall this scene. I remember taking out my watch precisely at 9.4.5 p.m., as the word was passed round that the front line of Indians was stealthily advancing; and the owl-eyed amongst us could discern the red- skins crawling, creeping, and darting from tree to tree, while the stillness of the beautiful night was only broken by the crisp sounds of our rifles as we replied to the intermittent discharge of their arrows. Stationed as I was upon the tower, I could note the general method of attack and defence. From individuals at other points of the fort I obtained the information necessary to give some details of the fight. At first the few Indians that had rifles dis- charged them in the teeth of the guns, but we reserved our powder and shot for more tangible targets thlin the shadowy pickets. As it turned out this manoeuvre of the enemy was a subterfuge to distract our attentioa; in fact, a wily pretext to obtain a favourable opportunity for a rush upon us while our gunners were reloading. The silence of our guns perplexed them, but in fifteen minutes I shouted down to Mark: "The enemy is gathering in force at the four corners, but especially at the north-east. Let drive at 'em!" Hardly had the words escaped my lips when the latter contingent made a rush for the corner, and before the balls could do much damage, the main body had cleared the north-east angle of fire. This stratagem was repeated at the other corners almost simultaneously. The sharpshooters at the apparent points of attack fired away with spirit, and the guns on the south and west did mucu destruction, owing to the evident blunder of ts., warriors in exposing their solid ranks to the raking fire. The north-east party was better led than the jest, for instead of endeavouring to scale the out-houses or knock down the corner buttresses they made for the ramparts and gates close under cover of the walls. If Muro were there, he was leading them. Finding by these smart tactics that I was com- paratively useless on the tower, I ran down at break-neck speed, and, tearing aeross the court- yard, sprang upon the ramparts by my leader's side. "Sandy," spake Mark fiercely, "this is not the tower."

"Forgie me, Mark," I replied, "I couldna gulp doon the thocht o' ye bein, left filmic wi' these cut-throat sackets! If it. means death, I've brocht mysel' to die game at your side!" My Scotch blood was up, and as ths rust red- skins just then arrived in front of dm rampart, Mark cried: "Stand by, gunners. Arrrel . . . Good 1 " he added, seeing the devastatioa which that discharge caused among their serried ranks. "Re-load, and mow them down!" The deep-sot curses of our lads mingled with the Indians' yells and whoops, and before the smoke had properly cleared we were having a hand-to- hand fight between and around the guns. Hatchet met hatchet, fist struck fist, foe wrestled with foe in deadly encounter, and the Herculean efforts of Mark Pepys can never be effaced from my memory. Those who hold the coveted "Victoria Cross" are not all the bravest in battle. On one occasion he rushed between my prostrate body and the uplifted 4,...ahawk of a stalwart redskin. • Having lost his :lA. and being wounded in his right hand, Mark ~ruck the Indian such a blow on the throat with his left hand that the enemy reeled. My pistol was levelled, and seizing an opportunity when the muscular, fellow was raising his tomahawk for a crushing blow at my friend, I discharged. it mint blank into his heart. He fell with a heavy,a2nd. Thereupon Mark seized his, axe and belaboured the foe, which now wavered a bit and fell back. It was but the retreating wave preparing with renewed strength to beat again upon the shore.

. CHAPTER VIII. THE MILK OF HERBS. The besiegers soon rallied. We, had no time to :sea who fell among our party, but, our pistols did excellent service. When our firearms were dis- charged our leader's stentorian voice was heard above the din; "Charge!" We rushed between the guns, and with fixed bayonets, crowbsrs, axes, and spears fell upon our assailants with fearful effect. I remember springing with such impetuosity at, a dusky fellow that ~when I plunged, my bowie-knife into his heart he clutched me , so firmly in his arms that Mark's hand 'alone saved me falling headlong with him down the ramparts. -Our stout resistance curbed the foe, and those who had escaped our weapons made for the gate, which they were endeavouring to break down with hatchets and rude battering rams. From our vantage ground-we" poured a raking fire • upon them, and judging-by the yells and imprecations there was bloody work in that spot. "The -broken' glass we strewed over the around has Cut their feet," observed Mark. "They will no* attempt to smash in the gate. We must concentrate a lot of strength there. Come 'lads' let'them have a deadly fire! " And now they lively Pecos bethought him of a most effective plan. He lit the fireballs, and threw them among the enemy; and we followed suit by I hinging lighted torchea, resin wood, and oiled rags where they pressed closest. The distinct advantage of this was to frighten and burn the barefooted, and we found that every now and then their leaders were compelled to hound them on to renewed attacks. Such as came near Mark stood a poor chance of escape; he was reckless of danger, and his courage inspired us all with that spirit of light which knows no surrender. Soldiers and sailors. will bear me out, that the stage of anticipa- tion is the worst part of a battle, for men whose nervous, system might be paralysed with craven fear put a spurt on under pressure; and when once in the thick of the fight, it is_then simply a desire to be up and at the enemy! I had no time to wonder how Lucia and the other defenders were faring, so hot and continuous was the contest in our quarter; and as the old gates were giving way our danger was imminent. Just Alien a messenger came across and shouted, into Mark's ear, "Senorita Diaz sends for you. The cursed Indians hey' made a breach in the southern wall!" Mark turned to me, "Sandy, spare me a couple of lads. Keep the Indians at bay from behind the barricade, but watch the ramparts. If I sound a retreat, spike the guns!" • With that he rushed to Lucia's assistance; and I tell you it was a warm tussle with us at the gates for the next twenty minutes. At that spot our powder was exhausted, and on the ramparts it was getting low. Most of the foes' arrows were Used, so now the fight was with tomahawks, clubs, knives, and cutlasses. Were my mortal course to run a century, I could never forget how our lads fought for life during that half hour. When the gates gave way and the "braves" leaped over the prostrate forms of their comrades, their howls of disappointment on seeing the barrier were fiendish. We answered with shouts of exultation, which for a moment staggered them. We were not idle during those five minutes, and many a redskin bit the dust before he could scramble up the barrier. As for me, I was determined to die on the spot rather than budge an inch. "Gie 't 'em hot, my lads!" I shouted, as the Indians scrambled upon the barrier like locusts, those behind filling up the gaps. "It's a fight fer life noo I At 'em!" Those on the ramparts on each side were pressed bard, but each man maintained his ground until struck down or carried to the Presidio by the small ambulance corps. "Here, pard," I said hastily to a wiry Cali- fornian who was fleet of foot, "Gang awa to every rampart. When the bugle sounds Ist 'ern spike the guns an' rush fer the Presidio." And, turning to a second man, I cried: "Find the captain, sta' tell him it'll be impossible fer us to last muckle langer wi'oot ilka ane bein' cut doon I Ask him what we're to do?" Parry and blow, yells and curses rent the air, and the glorious moon aided our defence. We were driven to the last extremity when the clarion note sounded above the awful din, and then cover. ing our retreat as best we could the whole of the survivors sought the last chance of self-preservation. "Guid God!" I muttered, driven to desperation, "Why hast Thou forsaken us? " But my words were beaten back upon me by the din and con- fusion of the onslaught. • On reaching the Presidio, the fearful struggle that had taken place on the southern rampart was only too apparent by the number of wounded and dying. Father Otando and the women were busy, but Lucia Diaz had her left arm bound with a bloodstained handkerchief, a bullet having inflicted an ugly flesh wound. It turned out that when Mark rushed to her assistance the Indians were already through the wall; and notwithstanding the marvellous efforts of our leader, superior numbers compelled him to fall behind a granary, and at '.:ast seek refuge in the Presidio. The number of Indian bodies stretched inside the breach testified to the stout resistance made by Mark and his com- panions at that point. All round the ramparts not a man had shirked his duty, and by the pale and haggard faces of those gathered within the Presidio I saw the desperate • straits to which we were all driven. , Lucia now supplied us with barley water—next to , bear's fat, perhaps the most sustaining nourish- ment for great physical strain. "Defend the alcoves," commanded Mark, sand 11 a man to every loophole within the building!" "Shall we not cut through the enemy and each take his chance ? " asked one, for a moment for- getting the weaker sex. "No!" thundered Mark in reply; "it would be cowardly and base to leave the wounded and the women and children in the hands of such merciless brutes. Let the wounded who are able load the rifles. If we can hold out till daylight, there will be a chance of measuring the strength of the enemy. Don't waste your ammunition —every cartridge may be worth a life." Mark was a veritable Samson against the Philis- tines. He was begrimed with smoke, and the blood trickled down his face from a painful wound an the head, received from the butt-end of a red- skin's musket. A cloth was bound about his head to stanch the blood; otherwise he had escaped serious injury, a lucky thing for us. '3Sandy, oln thap, ' said he, shaking my hand ueartily, aw good-bye, for I fear the worst must come. Nt, amount of bravery can stand against such a host. They swarm like locusts ; each one which falls '•.,ss a dozen ready to follow on. You have s.:,:sva ..1.4:•-d the sincerity and good faith of the Seiforna, hut her courage and devotion to-night should elia.---e your opinion." ivr mea sh•vied at that. moment: "The Indians are Res to the ouxisose•As They mean to r? to dealSts" "I anticipme- this, • observed Asa, pointing to a tub and some buckets of water. "They will have a tough job to fire this building." Such rites of the Church. as the dangerous position permitted, were solemnly administered by Father Otando. While some women wept, others prayed ; but most of them were inured to danger, and laboured with such good will that my opinion of the opposite sex was changing for the better. "Every man to some specific duty," cried our leader, distributing them as his personal knowledge gauged their worth. "We have no other place of refuge but this and the tower. Your defence will

Ineed coolness and valour, for our only chance is , to hold out as long as possible." 'l,' • t 1 The picture of this last scene is indelibly engraven )1 .311 my memory. It was sad to see the dear children • M cryqng or paralysed with fear, and the heroism of •) the mothers, as they divided their time between attempts to pacify their little ones and strengthen our defensive preparations, was beyond my powers of description. Bluster tells before the world, but tne patience possessed by this little band of women, stricken with dire misfortune, won our admiration. The :wounded groaned as much from a sense of their inability to help us, as from the pain they : endured. One dear, little girl about four years of ' age had her arm broken, and the wistful look on .. her face made my heart ache. That man is not fit ' to live who can be callous to the suffering of babes, . of whom several were .at the breast. No sight ! comes so vividly to my mind as that of a young mother amongst us, who clasped a dead babe to her bosom with mad determination, and. distracted us, ' with her ravings. Her husband was slain at the , beginning of the fight, and in a paroxysm of frenzy ..° she had let the child fall. Concussion of the brain . • ensued, and shortly the little one was a corpse.' j At a later stage the crazy mother rushed out with tO A sortie, and mercifully fell at the hands of the Indians. • When every precaution had been taken, Mark said: "Father Otando, commit us-all to the mercy ' of God." \ The 'good priest prayed earnestly for Divine helg in our extremity, audit is no exaggeration to state ~ that every sane person within those walls was more l resigned to the fate that apparently awaited us. I Shortly, Mark embraced Lucia, and I caught this 1 significant conversation. "Is every preparation made for the end?" he 1 ' asked. "Rest assured of that," replied the Senorita" 1 "but such women as care to face capture have s •. free choice. Some are consoled that an oppor- tunity is given them to pass away in sleep rather than fall into the hands of a relentless foe. Fos ~. ) myself, I ask no further favour-of the Holy Virgin ' in this life, than to die with you." They kissed one another, and I was greatly . impressed by this farewell. Mark did not think it Possible for our little band to hold out long ' against such fearful odds. • The awful significance of his conversation with Lucia dawned on us when one hysterical woman, dreading another melee, and, perhaps, picturing to her distraught mind torture and death by the red- men, drank "the milk of herbs" before the final struggle began. Creeping away from the general gaze, and lying down upon some sacking, she closed her eyes, to wake where the strife of men can never come and the sad at heart have race. Such a circumstance cast a gloom over the com- pany, but our imminent peril was soon too apparent for vain regrets. At first the dusky warriors • .I, feared to approach us, for the blaze from the „11 burning outhouses cast such a glare that we easily a picked off the venturesome. Sparks flew dangerously close to our citadel. The dry wood blazed and crackled around us; and the flames of the burning granaries rose high into the clear sky. What cared Diuro—if he led—that humanli food perished, so that his vengeance could be wreaked on innocent and guilty alike! Fortunately for us; the, gentle breeze carried, the , smoke clear of our rendezvous, and at first the only opportunity the Indians had was to snatch " burning wood and, from some hiding place, throw it at the Presidio. Happily the walls were•mas- sive, and if we could only prevent the enemy getting on the roof and tearing off the tiles the con- flagration around might attract settlers. There was the possibility, too, of our own contingent being nearer than we anticipated ; but alas! the .. chance of succour was so remote that we antici- pated nothing short of the dawn of day could afford us the slightest hope of relief. (To be continued.) ~

===== 0002601_18981021_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD HEALTH WITHOUT DRUGS.

2.—THE LARGESI. ORGAX IN THE BODY. It is the liver. This organ has multifariouo &idea to perform in the internal economy of the digestive system. After the stomach it is the most abused of all the diget- tive organs. It is inflamed and hardened by the abuse of alcohol, end its fund one are hindered and impaired by the tannic acid, the outcome (-1 tea drinking. Error! in diet lead to a diminished secretion of bile. It beconsee tort id and sluggish and the defects react on the blood' current—deleterious products are carried into the drew lation—the skin becomes muddy and yellow, the tongue furred. Life becomes a harden and the victim saye *I Life is nit wt.:A living." He flies to drugs. blue pills and other quack nos.trums, and finds a temporary relief, and a rebound to a worse state than before ; destroys his digestion by Eallseous medicines and liver pills and wonders why he continues dull, la --ugoid. cranky and ent of sorts. He never pauses to consider the why and the wherefore, but continues to either doct ir himself, or le doctored by others into a confirmed melancholy invalid. who invariably shuffles off the mortal coil of a miserable life through making his stomach a receptacle for all the so-called liver cures in the pharmacopeia. There is only one method to maintain the liver in good working order, and that is attention to Diet and Exercitg Happy is the man or woman who does not know tbel have a liver ! Unless this mighty organ duly perfortne its principal tunctim of secreting bile, a whole army of troubles arise.

It cannot be done with medicine. . It can, however, be done with a perfect food buyer age, such has Dr. Tibbles' Vis Cocoa, which possesses en' ceptional vitalising propsrties. It will Pava ysur digs** , tion part of its work. and is far more nourishion end., sustenant than tea or the crdinary cocoa, whilst IC possesses a tonic and recuperative force posseessd by neither. Er. Tibbles' Vi-Caloa is pleasant and palatable lel imparts nourishment and birdie up st-ength. As is foes) beverage it is invaluable. The unique vitalising and restorative powers of Dr. Vis Cocos are being relegnised t. an extent hitherto uaknown in the history of any preparation. Merit,and merit aloes, is what is claimed for Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, and the proprietors are prepared to send en, reader who namss the Warringts.n Examiner (a'posS card will do) a dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibblese•Vi' Cocoa free and post paid. Address: 80, 61. and 182, Bunhill Row, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYORALTY OF WARRINGTON.

A caucus meeting of the Warrington Town Council was held in the Council Chaniber,at the Town Hell,on Friday night,to consider the question of the Mayoralty and the aldermanic vacancies. At the outset the chair was occupied 137 Alderman Sutton, and subsequently by Aldermeil Hutchinson.lt was moved by Councillor Smothurett seconded by Alderman Roberts that Alderman .I,* E. Wright, J.P., be requested to accept the office of Mayor for the ensuing year. The proposition wss unanimously carried. It is very probable that Alderman Wright will accede to the request. Subsequently it was moved by Councillor Pier* point seconded by Councillor Cannell that the retiring Alderman viz : Aldermen James Fall' clough,Joseoh Harrison, George Wackhurst, and. 1; H. Sutton be re-elected aldermen. This motion was also unanimously carried. NEW WORKS BEAR WARRINGTON. We are informed that Mr. William Robertson, 0 !gentleman at present residing at Lymm, intends:to erect a large engineering works on e the banks of the L•hip Canal, just above Latchford Locks. Several acres of land have been 111' ready purchased, including Murris Brook fart* on a portion of which the works will be erecteor the present only the offices and one worksbe..P will be immediately erected, but it is intended proceed with the extension of the premises as so._os* as practicable. The firm will have a wharf on ?le canal just above the sluices, and where there 5_ wide expanse or writer. Mr.R._urran,of Horsemarkl !street Chambers, Warrington, is the architeCtJanu.,, the contract for the erection of the works has bet let to Mears. W. S. Wood and Co., Liverpool. It at present impossible to estimate how manyna. the new works will find employment for, bout ie probable that the number will be large. —.et`

THE " LEVIATU iN " PLACARD. '- Single Sheet 51t. Sin. by 3ft. Sin. TICE LARGEST IN TEIE DIRTRIO i .c.hl TIC A MONSTRE PLACARD may be foamed by J number of the " LEVIATHAN" Sams. ,LITY MAMMOTH pOsTRRS. A SPROT--.., ...., MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGOT'L-'' MAMMOTH PO3TRER. 703 MAMMOTH POSTmHs. TER 3/0„..0rr sTHIBINI 't poSTHR [ msMktoTIE POSTIIHS. -

Black to GAME No. 4 BRESTOL-OROS3.

The following game is one of thirteen simultaneous garaes in which Mr. F. Dunne was engaged, on the n,s R2asion of his vi&it, to the Padgate Institute '"ll4l2lata Club, the appended game being the only Date that was drawn, Mr. Dunne winning all the rest. Black, Mr. J. Roberts. Whits. Mr. F. Dunne. n-16 18— 9 11-18 20-16 23-18 5-14 23 7 19-23 16-21 22-18 3-10 16-11 24-19 13-22 27-23 23-28 10-14 18— 9 20 27 11— 7 26-23 6-13 31-24 15-18 8-11 25-18 10-15 7 2 22 17 4 8 19-10 26-30 7-10 28-24 6 -15 2 7 3 ) 26 8-11 24-20 30-26 11-16 29-25 16-19 32-27 26-72 2 6 23-16 Drawn. 9-13 18-15 12-19 TRAPS FOR THE UNWARY. No. 4. —.-

The following trap is brought up from the Bristol woes game. 11-16 16-20 8-1110506 23-18 24-19 forming the diagram below.

[Butex.]

White to play and win. 19-15 22 8 31— 8 10-19 4-11 White Wine. 18-14 27-24 9-18 20-27

NEWS OF TFIE GAME. Oa Monday evening, the Committee of the War- alleton Draughts' League. attended the Rooms of no Warrington Chess and Draughts Club,to witness 8 presentation of last year's trophy to the win- club. Mr. Perris, the giver of the trophy ilta had kind!) consented to present it, remarked, that it was a great pleasure to him 0 be able to I,4lant the first trophy to the Warrington Draughts t"ltgue and he hope.. this was, practically, only the Zriglatting of the game of draught; in Warrington. :1.41 then presented this trophy, which was a beauti- oil inlaid board and set of men. Mr. F. Dunne, the r"Ptain of the club, remarked that he had laboured , Years in the town of Warrington to get the V"fle of draughts going. Mr. Perris had set the ball toing, and, Re far as he eouli see, it was not likely tr.litop. Mr. Taylor (secretary of the club), Mr. pnlircorabe, and Mr. Plinston, made a few further 'Ruh! which concluded the meeting.

'or 7A '4 / rAer AcD 1, ,10r 'Aar .40r21 .v J I.XcD )107 and win.

--:'•'./4•77,10' ,10r%°7 Asr P4l l'd icpr 441'91 9,1 II

===== 0002601_18981021_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
ITRIFIED PETROLEUM FOR STOMACH AND BOWEL DISORDERS.

Ti• m autiseptic, son.hing and bottling propertiee of :Maier's Petroleum Emulaien especially adapt it to treat- :feat of stomach and bowel diaorders of a catarrhal, far- rentative, ulcerative, or tubsreular nature. It arrests ?Reputation in the intrstinee.expela poisonous products 20% the bowels. anti heals the inflamed and diseased ftehrariss,white at tt e same time it furnishes an easily !tit:Witted food to the weakened system The medical sv‘r_uteasion report very favourable results from its use in broatment (If chronic diarrl,cea and dysentery. rase kLe.and intsetioal cat ;nth. nod ul-ers, tubercular diarr- t,l'st ftc. Many lone standing cages of chronic diarrhcea "ea 11.441 en-orl hr itq rign. Of all chemists. IteirETTlON.—Ours is theoriginal Petroleum Emulsion, • ts Made with a special nil obtained from particular and carefully purified by our own omen,. Imita- s:Tli made with ordinary petroleum cannot have the offeet• lie stfre to get Angier's. A free sample on LEA• Pt Of 3& for postage. The Angier Chemical Co.. `'•• 32. Snow Hill, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTERMHIP CANAL.

DEVELOPMENT OF TRAFFIC. Rhlt *nrild ppa r from an apornximate return of the .._£2072(102414: Traffi for serite,ntier that the revenue-was . compared Pti`h £15,751 in the correspnnding •.11onth of let year, an inorease of £4,451. The revenue 'ilot the Ars,. nine montha of this year Perlin. September 1179.200, as erimnared with £152.042 in the cor- ral 13"fliney period of 1897, an increase of £18,158. This sp,:ourse is all vPro well Pn far as it gees, but (says the Aranchwer Evening rews,t)it does not go far enough. Dreamt tho•ipt reenonpihto for the manfteenvnt of the ,att%i h . eve to folk almict entirely to Canada and the stees fr any material inorease in traffic, and extensive m•irkets of A iixtvilia. India, China,Afrina bnd Staab Anteti.a are practically shut off frem them 0135; Orra ion rf the crest ahipnine rinaa which have 116 w hPld A Minopolv of the tr 1(11 with thePe coun- -14,‘". Until this mnsionolv Pan be successfully broken si."lttl and the onpoetnnity is afforded to regular lines of t:lttlers seroino thew, rn,rkota to discharge and load ob':2°ea at Manehes`er. the canal will never realise the 3"et of its promoter., or hold that position in the mer- ntila world to which is inelly entitled.

.....,.

R.; A CARD. ti o -tferend Josenh Li -.lrnea' Imnroved Mexican Prescripe loin tne only original goaranta, d Remedy far all those • kid?, Infer from n.ryona wpalrors., exhavetel vitality. 14,e leY or bladder dissie,o. gravel. nrostrate. spinal 4"145 brain fsg and lendred nomnlaintg—diaeovered al "te thln en. if- s'',-od the test fo- Imentr-twn year Ell onrod. Send a self-address-d stamPed Ihtk to jogF,Pli CIPLMES' REMEDY Co. Bloornabury tikts"The.l3l,lorn.tinrr Square, London, and get partien- tram."' t.hie t free. Mentien whether for 11. " sufforera need only apply. et Swindling Imitator; and ignorant quacks. etIZ the -Pest Unarter of —a century there bas been to Ven,f'l°llll flow of letters bearing testimony to t trnv IlLiEujilul Cures efferted by CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED end MIXTURR, the finest Blood Purifier thst science _l3 trot „-* Mica' skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Rini,L'e• Scurvy Bezema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood DiSeftSell tiOd. Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a trial Value Sold everywhere, at 25. 9d. per bottle tit' of Worthleis imitations and substitutes.—Advt. (6)

CADBURY'S CeOna, on the testimony of the Lancet renresenfs the standard of highest purity." It is entirely ree from all foreign substances. such as kola. malt, hops, Ac., nor is alkali used to darken the colour (and no deceive the eve). Dr. Andrew Wilson. in a recent article in the Illscetratel Longon News writes s (-7ocort Is In Itself a perfect food, and requires no addition oe drugs whatever." CADBURY'S COCOA is absolutely pore, and should be taken by old and yonng, at all times and In all seasons ; for Children it is an ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist on having CADBURY's. as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit. Bold only in Packets and Tins.— (3)

Rheumatism,

Sciatica, Consumption, Paralysis,

Locomotor Ataxy, Bronchitis, Asthma, Rickets, St. Vitus' Dance, Debility, Indigestion, Anaamia (Bloodlessness), &C.

These and other diseases have been cured, as is shown by published and certified evidence, by

Williams'

Pink Pills for Pale People.

It%

4/I

THREE YEAR'S AGONY.

are not an experiment. They have cured thou- sands of people in your own neighbourhood and elsewhere. See that you get them with the full name, as above shown (for it is an experiment, and a hazardous one, to use a substitute).

IF YOU 'KNOW THAT YOU NEED 'THEM, ask your chemist for them.

If you don't know whether you need them,

ASH US: Describe exactly how you suffer, and we will tell you frankly, yes or no. It wouldn't pay us for people to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills and not be cured; we don't want any failures. Address—Dr. Williams' Medicine Company. 46. Holborn Viaduct. London, B.C.

•.4%0%.11#.111

porary

-A MANCHESTER MAN'S LIVING DEATH.

Work is the means by which we live, and when, from whatever cause, employment fails, thousands feel the pinch. Sickness makes countless thousands idle. Some linger long in ill-health, others by taking advantage of means of help quickly recover. One of these last is Mr. John Brownbill, of No. 3, Matlock-place, Chorlton-en- Modlock, Manchester.

His story, as told 'to a press representative—and vouched for by members of his family—is as follows : "I was taken ill over three years ago somewhat sud- denly. I had most severe pain in the stomach and back, caused by kidney disease, and it gave riso to awful suffering. I had a medical man then I was attended by a herbalist, but without cure. Weak after week went by, and I took dozens of bottles of medicine and hundreds of pills but only got worse. I lost my appetite, and what I did eat did me do good. I got gradually weaker, and then I began to suffer from pains in my legs, which made walking almost a torture. I gave up doctors, and someone gave me a prescription for pills, which I got made up. Still there was n change, only that I went very thin. I could not tel what ailed me. And so I went on month after month, often wishing I was dead. Then one day, after two years of what I called a living death. I read an account of some cures by Dr. Williams' Pink Pillsfor Pale People. and I determined—although I was tired of medicine—to give them a trial. You may hardly believe me, but it is a fact—and my wife knows it—that when I had taken two boxes I was all right again. It was not a tern- cure either, for this was over twelve mouths ago, and I have not had a day's sick nese

glum. Why though I

1113.0111, •

little nien. _ • *a called

) strong- of all work our place, lam a carter. and have to work some long hours sometimes, but Ido it aIl with pleasure. No, I am not the same man. I can assure you. In fact, I never thought at one time I should ever ba lit for any- thing again."

- And you are willing that the publis should know this ?"

---- _ " I am ; because I am grateful for the cure." Fuither questioned, Mr. Brownbill said it was through reading so many examples of cures in the press that be thought he would try Dr. Williams' Pills, having tried other remedies in vain. He took them strictly accord- ing to directions, with the result described. Dr. iVil- Ham's Pink Pills are now obtainable from all chemists, and from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company. 46, Holborn- viaduct, London, at 2s 9d per box, or six boxes for 13s 9d., but are genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

is said, is likely to approach a quarter of a million. A part of this sum is of the nature of initial outlay on permanent arrangements, such, for instance, as the provision of a water supply for the several camps. Still, the estimate has undanbtedly been largely exceeded, especially in the matter of trans- port and supplies ;and it is regarded as certain that a cheaper arrangement will be made next year. There is a good deal of grumbling among the men at the extra outlay they have had to incur on the double score of clothing and messing, and this Is one of the least satisfactory features of the autumn campaign, as it is most desirable that the popularity of the manoeuvres should be maintained. There wee a good deal of extravagance among the officers of certain regiments, but that was to some extent optional. Sumptuous tents and lavish hospitality have to be paid for heavily, but even in the bat- talions that tried to rough it on something like actual service conditions the additional expense is set down at not less than .£lO a head. The result Is that to many the "outing" on Salisbury Plain is not an entirely pleasant reminiscence. Some references have been made to the sickness which has broken out among the Guards since their return to England, but it is slight as com- pared with that which prevails amongst the British troops which are at Cairo mid Alexandria on return , from the Soudan. The cases exceed 800 in number and are chiefly of enteric fever or dysentery. The men, who were kept up by the excitement of the march to Omdurman, and perhaps the daily exer- cise, are now suffering from the reaction. and even were they have not fallen victims to the actual disease, it is acknowledged that they are greatly run down. But other causes besides the reaction conspire to preduem this result, and one of them is the very imperfect barrack and hospital accommo- dation provided for a large number of troops. At Alexandria, for example, no ground can be on ained for either barracks or hospitals. With singular short-sightedness, the Government land round Alexandria has been sold to private individuels, just se if it would never be necessary to land a considerable force of English colliers at any time in Egypt. With such an unworkable administra- tive machine as that of Egypt, it is hard to fix the responsibility on the British officers, but it seems to be equally impossible to aequit them altogether. Much speculation prevails among lawyers as to the inspectorship+ of certified reformatories for inebriates which have been created by the Inebri- ates Ace, 1893. and will be filled up by the Home Secretary under the Act. No qualification, legal or medical, is prescribed f,?Trtihoenseefaptnhe officerso,iantesente, and e the number aIEI romanat subject to the Treasury's approval. I may aid that it is not expected that the salaries offered will be large, or that any clros of the type of the Legal and Medical Commissioners in Lunacy will be con- stituted. A mistake was made by the Licensing Commis- sion in omitting to call as a witness the maneger of a certain public.house in the neighbnurhood of Liverpool-street Station It is one of the most in- teresting establishments in London, and although its management should be an instructive study to persons interested in licensing reform. I beliTize it existence is almost unknown. In this carious pub- lic house a customer who enters with e cigar in his mouth is politely ignored. The waiters fail to see him till he ceases smoking. Should he ask for a pint of beer he is informed that he may net have more than half a pint, and should he after drinking his half pint ask for one more he is invited to take a walk and return in half-an-hour. The principle of "one man one drink" is a fundamental rule of the establishment, subject to slight modifi- cations which I have indicated. The house, so far as! know, is not managed in accordance with any particular philanthropic theory.lts rules are merely a matter of business, and from that point of view they are. said to be a success. The customers are mainly working-class people. A large and strong committee has been formed to erect a memorial to Sir George Grey somewhere in the metropolis. The nature of the memorial has not yet been indicated, and may depend npon the amount of funds received. On the committee we meet with such names as those of Mr. Chamberlain, Lord Rosebnry. the Marquis of Dufferin. Lord Sel- borne, the Marquis of Ripon, end a large number of influential colonists, both official and non-official. About the success of the movement there can be no qaestion, but the committee must not be too ambi- tious.

a to 113 /d vzh.

-!.......... 1%.*. dit.No. -,, . B .. ~p.,....,„ la. ezz--- j li f it wet, pla a -- - "I AM A CARTMR."

===== 0002601_18981021_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
AMONG THE CRANKS.

BY MR. IL WHITHAm.

I think San Francisco must be the home, the natural home, of the Crank. It matters not, how- ever absurd the idea may be, if it is put forth in sufficiently plausible languages it is almost certain to obtain a hearing, and will, in time, form one of the numerous cults that infest this city. Their number here is almost legion, and would certainly task a life time in giving thought to each one of them. _

The spiritualists out number all others, and are as varied in their teachings and as loving, towards each other as our good friends the Christians. We save not yet built a university, but that is only a matter of time, and then we shall be able to indulge In the loving luxury of preaching the fine art of heresy hunting. The spiritualist and the astro- logist seem at times to blend with each other, and ' while the former gives up an etherealized atheism' which happily no one understands, but believes all the same, the latter throws into the caldron, a something we can lean upon, even, if it be noth- ing better than blind fatalism. These two must do a good business, judging from the increase of their " ads "in the daily papers. The next after these comes the Faith Christ who enacts the role of mule to the Christian scientist donkey. What's in a name? Together they fight fever with faith, hate all sanitary laws, claim the Drs, and have no use for chemistry. When a man recovers his health, it generally means a double conversion that is, to health, and Christian science. If there is a failure, it is a proof, not of the fallacy of the faith cure, but the scarcity of his own faith. We have also the magnetic Healer who, with a whole battery of impossibilities, an irresponsible dynamo of absurdities deals out strong doses of electricity. He also believes very strongly in the laying on of bands, and especially so as regards the purse. This brief list by no means covers the ground un- occupied by the Cranks but there are two other Cranks of whom I wish to speak more freely. a It has been often said of late years that the worlde I am here reminded of a recent editorial that appeared in the "Examiner " under the cap- tion" Have we any New Century Dreams "in ranids Passing through peculiar period of un- st, writer doubted, and " much feared that whicohfthe we have not many dreams of a kind that quicken and illumine the mind." The writer of this pulse can Ihave his pulse quickened if he will only tthh "go Wee' I cannot vouch for the illumination his mind m- ay receive, but I can assure him he will find all the enthusiasm needed,to push from incep- tion of life as it appears to make money. I itniointsto m thousandatur i t ya, tnhde opnhei philosophy can fancy the smile that will appear on the faces of many of the "Examiner " readers when the writer I have above quoted closes his article by saying, "the way of salvation is in our men of letters and our divines." This may be true of our men of letters, but of our divines it can in no sense be true, if we must judge of the future by the past. We have in San Francisco a few, a very few 1 men of letters who Rive us good plain honest food for thought, men who miss no opportunity to give us something more than dreams by means of which we may decently ring out the old century and ring in the new. So far this is satisfactory, but we have,in common with other American cities, and, I may say with most large cities of Europe, a large and almost lawless class, I refer to the politician. The term 'politician ' has become simply a by- word. It means neither more nor less than a man who has determined to make his living by using politics for his own base purposes. Debasing and degrading every avenue open to him,he has driven the decent man into the position of being more willing to pay blackmail in the way of taxes than to take his part in either municipal or national goose government. It is easy to imagine that in this deplorable state of things the political crank finds it an easy matter to put his nostrums on the market. Nationalism, Socialism, Communism, and every other 'ism appear in such outrageous garb that the reformer with the least tinge of Conserva- tism calls a halt with an anxious enquiry: as to where he is being led. The Anarchist wisely hides his head by mixing in the crowd, and cautiously putting forth hie views in such garb and disguise as may conceal his murderous intentions. voI have referred to another crank and lam not clear whether lem justified in so placing him. He calls himself a "Philosopher of Life," and issues much literature. The Profe.sor of selfishness" would be a better designation for him. He thinks 0 there is no law in heaven or earth, that man must needs obey get what you can, and when you can, and get it how you may." To get rich is the one idea, and this can only he done by having per- fect faith in yourself. You are to fully understand that you yourself are an instrument chosen by the law of Divine principle to carry out your purpose. You will then realise the Divine principle within you, mastering and gaining dominion over all things. Having gone so far in this new departure of egotism you will fully comprehend all that is meant in "Believe in self." _ . _ . _

It is belief in the fullness of the power of God. Make the man first. Appeal to belief in yourself. Hold this every day. Due appeal is made to Scrip- ture,and our Christian friends find their God made answerable for this new cultivation of selfishness 1. Establish Thou my thoughts, 0 Lord." Bring back my wandering thoughts. We are not the true sons of God until we have attained dominion over all thugs. We must have deminion over the power of money. When this is accomplished the man is made and you may hold yourself in Purpose. This Purpose is your anchor, and everything will I be attached to that purpose. Purpose—Desire-- Prayer, I can and will accomplish my purpose. I suppose belief and faith as in all religious cults is above all things feces. airy. To understand is a secondary matter If you hold the Father-Mother principle, you will produce the Divine Son, or the Trinity, and whatso- ever you do in this principle shall prosper, Desire is your prayer. The desire must be held fully in the silence. Enter into the temple and ask God, fully in the silence. You have not. a desire, but yott Can open the door to it. So far we have dealt aolsly with the first division of the Philosophy of Life, Purpose.We now come to the second principle or concentration. To concentrate is to bring your thoughts into captivity in obedience to your purr- pose. Your thought is your cepital, your stock in trade, your principle, your friend, your stronghold, Your motive power. Concentrate all your, forces,. and you are told that all earth and hell can not pros vail against you. Believe in yourself, and mould it Into determination. Have faith in the truth that "I and the Father are one." Have faith that I have unlimited power. I AM determined to use this power. make friends of the mammon of unrighteousnees. The Kingdom of Heavfn is in everybody. Now you have your eapital, your stock In trade. You affirm, affirm, affirm. I decree and declare it,that this desire, this purpose in the truth. I decree and declare that it is established unto me. Love your business, lave is the fulfillment of the law. Know your man. Draw every mans fire first, or find out his position first The reader will find now that we are getting well along in our worship of the New God, and is prepared for what follows. Hold the lines,' will be master. 4 nyono who wishes, to ride with M 9 must ride behind. Make toed; ,i• gather forces as you no. Never let go long enough for the magnet to atop attricting.

(Secret) Never let another hold the reins, or soon you will be left behind. Be master; never be driven. Having well learned the lesson of which I have given a brief resume, you are now enabled to say to yourself "Mastery. lem success, success is the eiimnx. the fruit. It ja injustice to take less of God's Kingdom than he intended for us, Whatever Ido shall prosper. Assume a virtue that you dO not seem to have, until it becomes your own. The above is the teaching of a large and growing school or American men and women, and if I have dealt with it under the heading of Cranks, it has been be- cause to me it anpearn to he false in every word and line to all the best principles in man. That the teaching is at all peculiar to America is not at all clear, Judging from the constnntly recurring crop of gooies's and guinea pigs, and WA may well ask ourselves the question, where will it lead us to ? A new God has been set up for our worshin. It is not easy to define him. The Passion for money getting, overshadows everything else in life. It

===== 0002601_18981021_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr.

PARALYSED AND BELPLESS.

SAD STORY OF A NEWTON HEATH FARMER'S

WIFE.

During his lifetime Mr. Gladstone often took occa- sion to paint out the vital importanco of a more general adoption of the system of " petite cultnre " in this country. This nrithod of" little farming" affords a means a livelihood to small capitalists which at ones benefits the workers and tne country at large. One of these little farms, devoted to raising noultry and pigs, is known as Old Farm, Dean-tane, Newton Heath, near Manchester. Mrs. Singleton did the mijor portion of the work, early and late, and the little under- taking was prosperous, when one day—on October 9th, 1896—she was streck down as hy a lightning flash with paralysis, and carried unconscious to bed. Medical aid was summoned, but with little effect. For five weeks the sufferer lay unconscious, and when the brain did once again assert its power, she awoke only to find her- self what she expressed as " not Balt the woman she was." The nerves of sensation had lost their tone, and the nerves of motion were little better. As she told a Manchester reporter, she was a wrack. She could not smell or taste, could her very indistinctly, and could only totter about with difficulty.

~ I consulted other doctors, one a man of consiler- able fame," she went on," but all in vain. I got no bettor. Month after month passed, and I was in des- pair. One day in the beginning of this Tear, my soR name in and said, ' Now,tor my sake, mother,try a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They will do you good.' I refused, but he was so persistent that I got a box, just to pleat° him. By the time I had taken them I was much better. Before that, I had been unahle to get my words out properly,and could not say the words I wanted. But after the first box my epee.% came back. I went on taking; them, and continued tl improve, so that I began to go about like my old self. Now I have taken eight boxes, and I am a new woman; can get about my household work, and, more than that, can look after our stock outside. It is all the more re- markable the good ir. 74\ Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have done me, .-—" i' ' - ••%. "i ,-- *-- seeing how long I - , _ , : .. . __ 7 , ‘. , _, . , 4t,illii iiil • : th ha ed thatd 0I been ehadtor wi runlhlo, bua and bad heavy bill with - '' '( been c e n o could n attendingl oet l nu ree • me; but Dr. Wil- -- 1- '- llama' Pink Pills have. I have re- , .• • commended the x , I . Pills to hundreds . . 42..,..." . and I know of ..:.--:... . . many cases where . they have done great good. For . mem" myself I would not my family often laugh and ask

be wi

me if I have my mu, -box yet. Th-ey mean Di. Williams' Pink Pills—the grandest medicine known." Every word Mrs. Singleton said is confirmed by her husband, who sat by whilst she made her statement.

, ;„•-•

•P_

"CAN LOOK AFTER TRH ithout them: .rid r inuff-t•

• • ri L 1-1 " ‘• ' =

===== 0002601_18981021_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
colors religion and philosophy, and gives to man the cynical suspicion which finds a home in the breast of every man whose sole object in life is success. Dives is an ardent worshipper of the New God; and he pays the preacher to give him only what is palateable. The preacher must be a man of the world, a man of great intellectual parts, and some knowledge of affairs, for it is his duty to preach the New God, and he does it quite effectively in the Old Pulpit. One would have thought it impossible for such teachings as 1 have given above to be spread abroad in the closing years of the 19th century. To what can we attribute it if lilt to the "failure of the divines to realize their responsi- bility." The sweet savor of camphor and smelling salts now stifles all the sulphur—and all else that is disagreeable, and we must perforce think with the old French counties "The good God would surely think twice before damning people of quality."

===== 0002601_18981021_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCH, DER KAISER!

(From the" Montreal Sun.") Per Raiser auf dot Vaterland Und Gott on high all things (Imam& Ve two! Ach ! Don'd you understand? Meinself—und Gott. While some men sing de power divine, Mein soldiers der Wacht am Rhein, - Und trink her health. in Rheinish Wein, Au! me—und Gott. Den's France dot svaggers all arount, She's ausgespielt—she's no aggroundt To much, ve dinks, she don't amount Meinself—und Gott. She will not dare to fight again: But, if she should, I'll show her blain Dot Rheas und (in French) Lorraine Are mein, by Gott I Dere's gran'ms clinks she's kein &mall beer • Mit Boors und dings she interfere— She'll learn none owns die hemisphere But me—und Gott. She dinks, good frau, some ships she's got, Und soldiers mit der soviet coat— . Ach I Ve could knock them pouf— like dot! Meinself—und Gott. In dimes of peace brebared for wars, I bear the helm and spear of Mars. And care nicht for den chusand Cz are— Meinself—und Gott. In short, I humor every whim, Mid aspect dark and visage grim ; Gott pulls mit me, unit I mit him- Meinself —und Gott ,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
TELEGRAM.

To der Sehief of dat Berke, Berlin, July 4, 1893. Who vas dis man who makes di, pluff Und dares to brint up all die stuphf

Tout me—und Gott. Ich show him datt mit-tout use of liummel Or even helb von Gott in Himmel

Dett vor die krime he shall adone Und Ich ken run die wnrld alone- Mit-tout Gott—by Gott!

===== 0002601_18981021_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXQUISITE TEA TABLE.

Mothers and daughter; could add to ths delights of the tea table if they onlv knew, as thousands of them do. hew easily and quickly the most dainty and tempt- ing little tea-scones and light cakes ran be made with the help of Brown & Poison's Paisley Flour, This article, recently introduced by drawn & Poison, of Corn Flour fame, is used as a rai•ing agent for hems-baking of all kinds, being mixed one Dart with sir to eight 7puti of ordinary flour. Paisley Flour does away witk the use of yeast and baking powder, and delicious pin-bead can be baked with it, without the tediois delay caused by I the USA of yeast or the uncertainty of baking powder. Paisley Flour makes scones and cakes very light and digestible, and it 19 so certain in its action, that, as on 4 reports, "Even a tyro need never fail in baking if Pais- ley Flour be used."—Advt.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

NOMINATIONS.

ST. AUSTIN'S WARD. —Councillor Thomas Burton.iron- works manager,B2.Liverp-01-ros,d, the Liberal candidate for St. Austin's Ward, is proposed by Councillor Crop- field, seconded by Councillor Tinnion, and the assenting burgesses are Messrs. John Taylor, R B Pearson, James Critchley, WilFam Roberti, Rrlvrt Garmtt, J Rymer Young T Crampton, and Thomas B Clrter.—Mr Burton is also nominated in a spoend paper by Mr. John Bur them, seconded by Mr D Erin, and supported by Messrs A Payne, J Elwell jun., J Brady, E Pitchford, W Miles,S Dunn, R Scho!field, and J Corradiue.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
mails a

===== 0002601_18981021_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
ig OA.PITA T." CHAT.

In abandoning the street collections this year the organisers of the Hospital Saturday Fund have shown a degree of moral courage for which it to be hoped they may be rewarded in hard cash. The street collection in its earlier days was an inoffen- sive and effective means of reaching the pockets of a class of people whe seldom give a thought to the maintenance of the great medical charities of the country. Latterly, however, the system has been seriously abused. All kinds of societies and petty institutions have got into the way of entering the field, their method being to send processions of ex- tremely persistent collectors round the streets of the suburbs, headed by a band and carrying a few banners. Naturally the public were beginning to resent the nuisance, and they have been showing their resentment lately by withholding subscrip- tions even from deserving charities. It is,however, an encouraging sign of the times that, while street collections are falling away in value, the workshopl returns of the Hospital Saturday Fund continue to I yield a yearly increase. Last year the amount real- ised from this source was £16,000, and this year it is likely to be more by some theusende of pounds. The General Committee of the National Liberal Club, by a resolution passed unanimously at the last annual meeting, were instructed to take such steria as they might think best for perpetuating the memory of Mr. Gladstone in the Club. After con- sidering various suggestions,they have come to the conclusion that the improvement of the library, which was founded in Mr. Oladstone's lifetime and opened by him, will beet fulfil this object, and the proposal which they make is that a sum of not less than £4,000 should be raised, to be expended on the development of the library, special care being taken to increase its value for political and historical reference. Mr. Herbert Os intone, M.P., Mr. Henry Gladstone, Sir W.H. Wills,M.P., and Mr.J.P.Thomas- son head the first list of subscriptions with .£5O each (the first three named making their donations con- ditional on not less than £4,000 being raised), and amongst other contributories are Lard Ripon, Sir J. T. Brunner, M.P„ Mr. A. Spicer, M.P., Mr. F. S. Stevenson, M.P., Mr. Clough, M.P., and Mr. Fisher _ _

The smashing of Itandism has been accomplished at a figure considerably below what in contractors' phraseology is called the estimate. It is said to have been done at a quarter of a million. or £300,000 below the expectators of the War °film. I understand that a million and a quarter. or per- haps even less, will cover the whole coat of the campaign, in which respect it compares wonder- fully with the many millions of outlay iecurred on Lora Wolseley's campaign. This reflects the great- est credit on every Egyptian department connected with the Omdurman struggle, and also on the Birder, whose sleepless vigilanee supervieed every- thing. To keep down such vast possibilities of waste as a 'wig desert march afforded implied the most careful plans and foresight, and the most minute arrangement of details, and the economy with which the Mabdi power has be broken up al- most takes the ludicrousness off Mr. Chamberlain's theory of" campaigning on the cheap." Nov, that the.De Rougament exposure is fully before the public, a goodtwiny people are asking what the British Association mean to do to repair the blunder made by the ofilciale of that body in giving the adventurer a scientific cachet. There is no other instance in the records ef the Association of so complete a deception. But, unique though it be, the episode may yet do serious damage to the prosperity and reputation of our greateet intellec- tual congress, The imagined necessity for a " sen- sation" was probably at the root of the mischief. De Rougemont—to give the man his favourir e name —appeared in the held at an opportune moment, and supported as he was by one or two acknow- ledged geographical experts, his narrative and credentials were perhaps less closely scrutinised than they ought to have been. I believe his spon- sors are of opinion that the case might be charitably regarded as one ln which the least said tho soonest mended. On the other hand, a really strong feeling exists in favour of some action on the part of the British Association by which the blunder, as far as possible, should be publicly ree'ified. The battle of Omdurman showed that continuous and rapid firing impairs the effectiveness of the Lee-Metford rifle. It was reported at the time that the barrel became BO hot that the men in the fight- ing line found it. almost impossible to hold their weapons. Now it is said that the same cause affec- ted in a slight degree the accuracy of the rifle. Of course inquiry is to be made, and a series of experi- ments is proiected,with a yiow to seeing how many rounds can be fired before accuracy falls off. It seems we have not yet beard the last ef the mano3uvres.The charge on the Army Estimates was estimated at £lso,ooo,and the actual expenditure,it

BIED% ANTUALS AND FISH STUFFED. AND mounted in Glass Cases any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Beale in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs. Glass shades. Stage Heads, Cabinets. Store Boxes, Nets and all Requisites for Butterfly and Egg Collectors —B. COOICE. Naturalist and Ferrier,l 21, Renahaarl-Isatreet, Liserpool Established 24:years.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

The Prince of Wales has definitely determined not to attend any raee meeting during the present year. Lady Cromer died soon after sunset on Sunday evening at Cairo. The deceased lady wss the daughter of Sir Rowland Stanley Errington, Bart. A fishing boat was captized off Dorsey Island. Berehaven. One of the six occupants—a young man of 25, named Peter O'Leary—was drowned, The police raided a club in Shaftesbury Avenue, London on Tuesday afternoon, and about a hundred persons were conveyed to the police station in batches in a pantechnicon van. At Carnarvon, on Saturday, the Carnarvonshire confirming , Justices refused to confirm the new license granted to the Gogarth Abbey Hotel, Llandudno, by the magistrates of the ' Conway division. The funeral of the late Queen of Denmark took place on Saturday afternoon in the ancient cathedral of Roskilde. where many of the sovereigns of Denmark lie buried. The ceremonies were simple, but touching. Seven Mussulmans, sentenced to death by the British Court-martial, were hanged at Candle on Tuesday—three for the murder of two British soldiers outside the town,and four for the murder of patients at the British hospital. A terrific gale prevailed on Tuesday at different points of the British coast. The Norwegian barque Urra was wrecked on Tuesday morning on the Northumberland coast, seven of the crew being saved and two drowned. Three fishing boats have been broken. A Norwegian barque was driven ashore on Tuesday at Kilnsea, and owing to the heavy seas went to pieces. So far as could be ascertained only two et the crew were saved by the rocket apparatus. and it is feared that the whale of the remainder have perished. A great fire occurred in the petroleum port at Astrakhan. caused by the bursting of the boiler of a steam pump. Two steam pumps, seven barges, and three hundred poods of naphtha residuum were destroyed. Three men are reported killed, and several injured. At the Liverpool Police Court on Saturday, a young man named Martin Connor, was sentenoed to four months' hard labour for stealing a watch and chain from Miss Harriet Husker, in Byrom-street, and a month's additional imprison- ment for assaulting the police. A serious encounter tonic place at Burnmouth. Berwick- shire, on Saturday afternoon, between the water bailiffs and fishermen, arising out of the serving of summonses for the alleged illegal capture of salmon. Several people, including a number of women, were severely injured. A cyclist named Williamcemployed as a carrier by Messrs. Debenham and Freeborly, was turning into Oxford-street from Tottenham Court-road, London. when he came into collision with an omnibus. He was knocked down by the horses, and run over. He died within a few minutes. At the Essex Quartet' Sessions on Wednesday two fellows named Williamson and Hook, bargemen. were eenteneed to eve years penal servitude for a savage assault on a young girl. The assault was committed in the presence of several London labourers, who made no attempt to protect the poor girl. H.M.S. first-class crueler Argonaut, launched in January last from the yard of the Fairfield Company, Glasgow, began her speed trials on Monday on the Clyde. Proceeding down the Channel on Saturday, a slight explosion took place in the engine-room, five stokers being scalded, one somewhat seriously. It was ascertained on Monday !night on the arrival of the Calais-Paris mail train at Calais that during the journey the Dowager-Duchess of Sunderland's despatch box ,containing jewellery of the estimated value of £30.000, had been ab- stracted from the compartment in which she and Sir Allman Holllt were travelling. Arthur James Ford, of Macclesfield, was indieted at the ure. Cheshire Quarter Sessions, on Monday, for breaking into a grave in Macclesfield Borough Cemetery and stealing • dead body, Medical evidence was hw given a, orderedthat to be detainedsoner was cflaotiestetp to plead, and states that the storm raged with dmnAerni nßtagel riyvr herie unfit a rr terrific violence on Monday night. Three fishing boats have been washed ashore and broken up at Caister, on the Northumberland °oast, five of the crew being saved ant two drowned. According to a telegram from Amble twenty-five lives have been saved therefrom vessels wrecked. The body of a man named themes Magness, age 82, of Brampton Abbotts. Ross. Herefordshire, was found on the Great Western Railway at Hackney Bridge, nom on Sunday, in a terribly mutilated condition. It Is supposed that the deceased was walking down the line, on his return home, when he was knocked down by a passing train. Particulars of another terrible shipping disaster were re- ceived on Monday. The large iron barque Blengfell. of Liverpool, with a cargo of naphtha, burst into flames yester- day morning when off Margate. Soon afterwards an explosion took place, blowing the vessel almost in two. Nine lives were lost, including those of the eaptein, his wife and child A terrific hailstorm from the north-west broke' over the island of Malta on Wednesday afternoon.lts force was cyclonic, and the storm lasted for twenty minutes. The damage done to property was enormous. Hailstones were found weighing a quarter of a pound. Thousands of panes of glass were destroyed. For many years Malta has not had such an experience. At Belfast on Wednesday, two brotivrs. named Davies, were remanded on a charge of wilfully murdering, last Monday night, a man named Nathaniel Harrison. It appeared from the evidence that the prisoners challenged the deceased to fight outside a publie-house, and the latter re- ceived such injuries during the affray which followed, that he died on Tuesday night. A shocking accident, which ended fatally, occurred on Wednesday on the Heysham Dock works, to a workman named Thomas Brown, about 45 years of age. It appears that Brown was engaged boring some rock, when a portion of it dropped from above, and knocked his head on to the sharp end of the drill, which penetrated his throat. He ex- pired almost immediately, Early on Tuesday morning the schemer Dauntless. of Maiden, Essex, went ashore near Stenehaveu, its point twelve miles south of Aberdeen. The vessel was thrown high and dry over the rocks on to the sandy beach beyond. and her crew were saved. The crew had been on deck exposed to the fury of the tempest almost continually since Friday last, and were in a very exhausted state. Probably the first baby to be born la a tramcar has just made its appearance on this world's stage in the neighbour- hood of Bow-road. London. The car was shunted off the line, and pushed into a side street. while a huge crowd surged round the vehicle in the wildest excitement, an eager to get a look at the phenomenal infant. As the child Is a girl, says the Globe." would it not perpetuate the event to elli her tlar-oqine At Devon Quarter Sessions on Wednesday,Richard William Neville. saias the Earl of Lewes, alias Dawson, was aen- fenced to five years' penal servitude, to be followed by five years' police supervision, for false pretences. There were two charges against the *mused, who had in one passel him- self off as the Hari of Lewes, the son of the Marquis of Aber- gavennv. and so obtained £lOO. He admitted a previous conviction. A man named Milo*. aged nineteen of Dodders. was out to pieces on the Somerset and Dorset line, near Shantou Mallet. on Monday afternoon He was engaged at the Wind- sor Hill Quarry, and was despatched across the railway to another quarry to give warning of a charge that was going to be fired, when an express train leaving the tunnel at the point caught him as he went over, and be was most fearfully mangled. The Chester City Coroner coneludad the inquest on Satur- day on Frederick Hammer, a Chester tradesman, who died on September 22 under rather singular circumstances. The Jury found that Rennie, died from stryahnine polsonlng,but that there was no evidence to show whether the poison was administered by himself or by some other person. They were satisfied, however, that he did not take the poison accidentally An %burning eollision occurred during the storm to the Royal snail steamer Venus, off the Tyne. The collier Broth was making the port for smelter, when the vessels acme into violent contact, and the Venus, whiels had a number of passengers aboard, including women and children, was cut Into almost to the water-lino, and her bows smashed in. A tremendous Sea was running, but the crippled steamer was , taken safely into the harbour. A private company of Manehester traders hero instructed Mr. Tarwood, shipbuilder, of Northerieb, to build a unique , vessel. which is expected to prove the fastest boat afloat. It ' is the patent of Mr. IL Sidebottom. George-street, Manches- ter, and will be entirely worked by hydraulic pumps, applied In anew way to navigation purposes. Trials, with models, have engendered osnfidence. and the inventors are most sanguine that their claims are expected to be realised. The vessel will be sixty-two feet long. tthedattahne A bad case of baby farming was tried in Dublin on We t- isane fsadna ty hbaelf o dr df from j prisoner, a woman named Ounne. Mr. Justice O'Brien re- meutsatri"vatiOonß, rianedn'then jury sheonowynic marked in passing sentence that the woman had kept •• charnel-house of dead children." Alter this ominous exordium the learned judge sentence 1 the prisoner to six months' imprisonment, to date from the time of her committal for trial. After hearing this sentence the Crown counsel deelined to proceed with other charges against the prisoner. The steamer Blanche Roux on Monday night accidentally dashed into the outer gates of the Morpeth Dock, on the Birkenhead side of the Mersey, and forced them open. The water in the dock was about eight feet above the river level, and rushed out with great force, caarying away the dock gates and causing some vessels in the dock to drift from their moorings. A flat sank, and two of the men employed on it We believed to have been drowned. At the Preston Quarter Sessions on Wednesday, two bays of seventeen years of age were sentenced to six and three months' imprisonment respectively for breaking into a shop and stealing revolvers, jewellery, and money ; two others, aged ten and eleven ye,es respectively, were ordered t ) be detained in a reformatory for five years for housebreaking ; and two, aged thirteen and fourteen years, were similarly sentenced for a similar offence ; an accomplice aged sixteen escaping, owing to his age, the reformatory, and being sen- tenced to three month, imprisonment It is said that an ordinary caterpillar increases 10.000 times in bulk 30 days from the time it is hatched • that the toed it grows on is vegetable. and that 10,000 caterpillars could destroy all tha grass on an acre of ground. The insect population of a single chsrry tree infested with aphides WM I calculated by • prominent entomologist to be 12,000.000. , Cultivatea oountry districts are supposed to contain from 700 to 1,000 birds to a mile, each of which consumes hundreds of insects each day. If not wantonly destroyed, the birds will keep the balance between plant and insect:

life. An extraordinary disaster, attentbd by serious loss of life, occurred on Monday afternoon on the Great Central Railway at Wrawby Junction, Lincolnshire. An exeress train to Manchester was passing when it collided with a number of pieces of timber, whims were projecting from some waggons ,in a goods train on the other line. The roofs of several carriages were ripped off, and terrible injuries were caused to the unfortunate occupants before the train could be brem rht to a standstid. Seven persons were killed on the spot, and ten injured, most of the-fl being in a critical condition. About nine o'clock on Tuesday evening a destructive fire broke out on the extensive, boot and shoe manufactory of Johnson and Johnson, High Cross-street, Leicester. The premises are very extensive, and employ a large number of workpeople. livery effort was made to save the main buil&. ings, but without success, the roof falling in and tte factocy being completely gutted. The damage, including valuab'e stock and machinery, is estimated at many thousand pounds, and is believed to be covered by insurance. A terrible disaster to an Atlantic liner oaCurred on the Cornish coast on Friday night last week. From some unexplained reason the Transatlantic Transport Company's passenger Can, bound from London to New her h r eMou°l-se s and struck with full force upon steamer hens the Manacles. in the neighbourhood of The ship went down with the majority of her passengers and crew on board only twenty minutes after she struck, giving very little time to make any life-saving Fthttetm York,r o e cgukotsth knownusttea° preparations. Several lifeboats went out from the coast as aeon as possible, and rsscuel persons who were floating t about on wreckage. Altogether 49 of the passengers and I crew escaped, and it is believed that 103 perished,

INSPECTION OF THE OAS WORKS BY THE CORPORATION.

It will to remembered that a short time ago a visit was paid to tee Corporation Gas Works by the Manches- ter and Dietrict Association of Gas Engineers. It was afterwards suggested that the members of the Council should be allowed a similar privilege, and the. Chairman of the Gas Committee (Alderman Fairclough) accordingly invited them. The visit was paid last Thursday, and we understand that the members of the Council came away satisfied with the imr revetments welch hay' been made. A short description of the processes nt gas manufacture at the work?, prepared by Mr. Haddock, gas engineer, I was handed to each member present. 'The company included the Mayor, most of the members of the Coun- cil, with Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr. Haddock (gas engineer), Mr. Chandley (assietant engineer), Mr. Taylor (collector), and Mr. It. T. Fairclough (formerly Chairman of the Gas Committee). We extract the following particulars from the des- cription furnished by Mr. Haddock : "With the new retort settings, known as Klonne's Regenerative Gaseous Firing, the coke is c )(averted into gas. The gases are burned with heated air in direct contact with tee out- side of the retorts. The air is heated by passieg the spent gases through flues,between which are sandwiched the air ducts for conveyine the hot air iato the setting. By travelling the .veaste gases towards the chimney, and the air in a contrary direction, it becomes heated, and the waste gases cooled. The coksaving effected by the regenerated fire,as corn. pared with direct firirmis over 30 per cent. in our own cast we estimate it at £3OO to £5OO per annum. As ex- plained by the Deputy-Chairman et the September Council meeting, the Gas Committee decided to recom- mend the introduction of West's Manual stoking ma- chinery. By the use of this machinery GI, men are saved the lifting of the coal, and the weight of the tools is borne by the machinery. The lab mous work is done by stearn,and it will enable us to reduce the number of workers exposed to the heat of the retort house. The gas, having been thoroughly purified, is passed on to the meter, where it is measured,and the hourly make of gas registered by the foreman stoker. A j t photo- meter is placed near the meter, which gives a rough indication of the illuminating poem-,and the proportion of cannel used is regulated to give a quality of 18 candles. The accuracy of the jet photomet .r,al ne with the illuminating power of the gas, is tested three times daily On a Lethby Bunsen bar photeenet.ir, which is coaled and stamped by the Beard of Trade. The gas is then stored in the gasholdere. When all the holders (two at Longford and three at Mersey-street) are full the gas thee. contain will ripply the town for a little more than 21 hours. The wnole ot the processes of gas an anutacture having been goats through there remains the dietri nation of the gas and regulation of the pressure; this is done by means of a piece of apparatus called the governor, which consists of a floating drum, to which is attacho i a cone or throttle valve; this regulates the pressure from the gas hollers, and by mewls of water, which is run on or off the governor to increase or decrease the pressure as may be required, a regular and sufficient pressure is maintained on the ontstanding districts, which of course means a higher pressure in the town, as the fectios on the pipes produces a diminution in toe am ount of prase sore. An automatic pressure register is the governor house marks on a paper the exact amount of pressure given at any hour of the day." At the conclusion of the inspection an adjeiirement was made to the engineer's office where tight refresh- ments were served. The Mayor expres..e 1 the gratifica- tion the visit had afforded him. He was struck by the excellent order of the works and was pleased with the improvements which were being made. Great praise was due to Mr. Haddock and his assistant for the work they were doing. H concluded by proposing the health of the Chairman and Decuty-Cheirm an of the Gas Committee.—/ilderman Fairclough, and Mr. Robert eaton responded. Mr. RICHARD Fsisaceotem in the course of a short speech related the many difficulties he had to contend with at the Gas Works when he was Chairman et the Committee. The works had been pulled out of a state of chaos to one of complete order. A great saving had been effected in many departments and this had enabled them to carry out the alterations without having re- course to the revenue of the concern or th i rates. Mr. Haddock had been severely handicappe I by the condition In which the works were lei t him hut he fel'', that in a short time the works would be second to noes in the kingdom. The MAYOR proposed the health of Mr. Haddock in complimentary terms. In responding Mr. HADDOCIL said be was glad the Council had visited the work ; as they would now be able to appreciate the difficu ties which they ha l had to contend with. He had always tried to keep up the standard of the gas to 18 candles. In con- clusion he thanked the members for their appreciation of his services.

WARRENGTON COUNTY COURT.

THURSDAY.—Before his Honour Judge Wynn• Venice*. THROWING A BICYCLE FROSI A LOFT.—E. I, Be [house, of Rye Psric House, Rotten, claimed from John &therton Hobson, Rye Park Cottage, £4 for trespass and ' damage to a bicycle. Mr. Browne appeared for the de- fendant. —The plaintiff said that on the 13th Sep:ember his son was cleaning a bicycle in a staVe loft, and had 'taken the machine to pieces. Defendant CATTIe and sent him out of the loft, and threw the parts of the blunt* I into the yard, doing damage to the extmt of £4. He (plaintiff) rented the houm and stable from the defend- ant.ard used he loft for storing hay, thn defendant making no objeation.—Oroas-examined : Defendant had reserved to himself the right to use the shippon as a be house. The loft was over the stable and slippon. He did not ask for permission to put his h.ty iu the left. The maesine had been ridden by the stable boy, bet not over ashes and cobble stones —George Bollhouse(16).sos of plaintiff, said that on September 13th he was in the loft cleaning the bicycle. which he bad taken to piPtits. Defendant came up a ladder to the window and said if he (witness)did not get out he would throw him him out. Witness ran down the steps into the stable. Defendant threw a bottle of paint into the yard and after wards the back ',heel of the machine, the saddle, pedals, crank and bearings. The nuts and cones wer lost. Dofendant collected the pie:es of the bicycle, and put them against the cow shippon.—Hary Jane Eaves, servant girl in plaintiff's employ, said she saw the pieces of the machine throws' dawn from the loft. Edward B±llhause, son of pl iintiff I said the damage done to the machine amounted to £4. —Cross-examined : He bought the bicycle from a friend in May of last year for £3 18s.—Mr. Browne said the plaintiff's son would persist in going up into ths loft and oa the day in qiiestioo was using impudence to Mrs. Hobson. Defendant came out,and told him to leave the loft, He had a witness to say that the bicycle was not worth 10.—His Honour said defendant had no right to throw the bicycle out of the loft. He should have romoved it carefully. Mr. Browne observed that his dint stated that he went up no and down the ladder five times carrying the pieces He did torow certain things down, the saddle, &c., none of which took any harm.—The defendant said the loft did not belong to plaintiff and he had no right to use it. On the day in question be (defendant) found the bicycle in the loft and threw down the hind wheel the saddle, and a broken chain. Re took the othertparts down.—Joseph range, said he knew the bicycle, and if it were put together ho would not give 103 for it.—His Honour said plaintiff was entitled to some damages, but his difficulty was in ascertaining the amount. Some parts of the machine were improperly thrown out of the loft, and the defendant ought to have rernsved them carefully. Some of the parts had not been restored. He could only give plaintiff nominal damages, £l. DirrErrios OF A BICYCLE.—The Warrington Syndicate Company, carrying on business as cycle factor' at Liverp aol-road, Warrinsit )n, claimed trona R. Hobson. traction engine proprietr,r, Rainhill, £l3 15s 6,1 for a bicycle and damages for its detention.—Mr. Porshaw represented the plaintiffs. Toe defendan; did not appear and was not reprisented.—Mr. Forshew stated that the plaintiffs c'aim Was for the riturri of a bicycle or its value and for damages far detaining same. The plain- tiffs valued the machine at 28 10i and put down £5 4s damages for detention. There was a further claim of is :64 for the hire of a bicycle, makin,g the claim 51.3 15s 61. There could bi no difficulty in this cage because the plaintiffs had received a letter from tte defendant adrait'ing the claim —Mr. James Buxton, manager for the plaintiff company, stated that the defendant hired a bicycle from the plaintiff on the 24th or May. The value of the machine was £8 10s, and the defendant agreed to hire it and pay 64 a week. The defendant had never returned the machine and it was in his possession at the present time. The plaintiffs bad had the maehine 17 weeks and 2 days, which at es a week amounted to £5 tie.—Mr. Forshaw said a letter was written to the defendant, and a reply was received in which be stated that he reqsirrd the machine for a fortnight longer.—His Honour gave judgment for the plaintiffs, the monor to ho paid at 22 a month.

Ve* * 21kr 3* *Au-

2,000,060 —v— Yes. two-million people drink .__

* *

- -- - * BROOKE, BONDS' TEA * Air . every day. During the last tour months, Brooke. 4IC *Bonds' have sold more tea than they ever * sold b4ore In any other four months throughout all their previous nine-and- A F twenty years of trading. These two great * * facts are the !scat possible proofs that Brooke, Bonds Tea is Britain's best. * SOLD BY ADMITS SVERYWHERB, AT * .. . 10di 11-1,1i41,118 & 2/. a lb. gr Allt it BROOKE BOND, & co., 1 _ 4 r LIMITRD, jeL Tea Merchants by appointment to The ma......: . ' People, AMIs.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;f -t , ...!

,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
'

I

t t , t , ,

t

' .

, I,

r' . '

,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
ii

ringtofl.

SVarrbagi

I

, ' A

14 I.

Cbe "Orzortintr" gotries

ON L•NOASHIE AID CHESHIRE COMITY NEWBPTPERS: Comprises

\HE Warnitegton and .11fid-CheshireExaminer, pub- lihd evtery Saturday morning. TEarlestown and Newton Examiner, published A. every Friday afternoon. TBE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning,

THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BEMET, • SrrusTioNs VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS APARTMENTS WA-NTED MONEY WANTED, - SPECIFIC ARTICLES TOR fiA.LE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT

MISCIZIALAITEOUS WANTS.

HOUSES AND OTZER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLI. One Three Six orda. Week. Weeks. Weeks. :18 27 36 .... ........ 45 54 a.. _ ..M...r ......,

13 omtstts Snrbantiss, Ur.

WANTED, HOUSEMAID -WAITRESS ; housemaid kept; wages £lB.—Mrs. DARLIROTON, Parbold, near Southport.

WANTED. strong paint., 22, Protestant; washing out ; also Young Girls.-133, Wavertree, Llvespcol.

WANTED GENERAL. good. Clean. abla to iron: no wasblng.—Apply ROBERTS, Bank Villa, Cheadle Beath, Stockport.

WANTRD, a GIRL to assist in housework; honest ; references; good horne.—Apply Sirs. TAYLOR, 43, Steeley-lane, Chorley, _

WANTED, STRONG MINERAL Servant; able to wash VT and bake; references required. Apply ALinox HOTEL Red Lion-street, Burnley.

WANTED. good GENE N RAL SERVANTS and URSE HOUSEMAID. Apply Mrs. CHAPPELL, Registry, Sankey-street. Warrington.

WANTBD GENRRAL, thorough; over 20 ; four in f tinily; washing ; £l6; also Nurse, £l2, reliable ; willing.— Dr. SYKES, Birkdale, Southport.

EGISTRY OFFICE for LADIES and SERVANTS.— fl WANTED young Generals.—Mrs. Dosronfnz, 104, Cheatham Hill-road. Manchester.

WASTED, situation as GROOM-GARDENER. (ex- perieroed). Age 22. married, good references•—r. TURNER, Langselite. near Settle.

- IDIBTHER'd ACHINCY. 30. Willismson-street, off Church- .l street, Liverpool. All elasses of servants wanted. No Marge whatever. Hours 11 to 6.

WANTED, a GENERAL SERVANT for Farm. to be able to milk; references preferred.—Apply HENRY Honor, Platt-lane Farm, Hindley. near Wirm.

mrAITHESS, experterused, Reeks Employmeut In hotel or St st-ctass restaurant ; gr,od referenees.-31. BRENNAN, 23. Aukers-street, Oxford-street, Manchester.

WANTED. GENBRAL SMEVANT for Widow Lady. No fatally, light place, last stayed 3} yaars, good wages. --Mrs. MAY, 26. Tuttenham Court-road, London.

WANTED NURSE, for young children. needlewoman ; good references essential ; Churchwoman.--Xr. BLAILAND, Lilleaball Vicarage, NOW port, Shropshire,

WANTED, SITUATION as GROOM; age 24 ; ; ride and drive well; four years last place; good references.—Apply E. Lowz, 48, Queen's-road, Northampton may

WANT-BD. COOK aril HOUSEMAID. GBABRALS do ; 2 in tanniy ; easy place; early risers ; no washing; £l6 to £2o.—Mrs. POPE. 50, Ildgeware.road Hyde Park, London.

WANTED good PLASTBRBIIS. three months work, good wager.railway fare and lodgings to good men ; no ktrike. Wrtte GEORGE 13P.OWIT, Builder, Sweetman-street. Wolverhampton.

_ WANTED Good General SURVANT, for November 4th, Private family. another kept and boy. Comfortable home. Fare paid. Pull particulars All to age. wages, charac- ter .2te., to MATER. lioalin, Llandudno.

MALE and FEMALE NURSES iNaTITUTION, 70, Hope- street, Liverpool.—listablished 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental. Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr .ph.—.' Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 670

Zo be tet.

PIINKBSIE.—Cottages 48.9 d.. 3a, ed. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLMA-LANE.—Larue WORKSHOP. ground floor, rent £lO. 131JT r ERMARKET-STRIIBT.—Good front WAREHOUSE, 2 floors, £26. MlLL,,TREBr.—Several Suites offices. 39,iCATHBR1NB STREET. rent 4s. 3d. per week. 92, HOYLE STREET. rent 3s 9.1 per week. 2. CA.THERINE STREET rent 41, 3‘l.*per week. 2, SAllrld STREET. rent 3s. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Wax • ' Telephone—No 55.

TllO LBT, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE. rents 4.. Apply ASItioN and WOODS, solicitors, Eorsemarket-st., War- rington. LET.---LARGB ROOM, Catord,, reet ; rent £2O Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Boliottore, lioreeraarket-et., Warrington. 910 LET. mom, with LARGB ROOM over, In Orforlit:, _L rent 2k3.—APterf ASHTON AND WOODS. SoEcitors,tione- market-street. Warrington.

- -- rro BE LET, good Shop. Workshops and D.,elllng-house, I_ No 17, MU! street lang-street.—Apply to WILLIAM VirorrAYLEY, plumber, Park-place.

BWBLLING-HOLbh.—To be Let. na excellent Dwelling- h9use in Grappenhall-road, Latchford, No. b, Wood- bine-terrace.—Apply at No 6. to J listutrsolt.

rro BB LET, 7, Museum-street, Warrington.—Apply to 1. ROBERT BYERLET, 4, Severn-road, Weatbourne,ShefEeld, or Waketleld, Bnock, and Jackson, Chester.

p- -- RRMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street. Apply ASHTON AND Woons. Soliattore. Ilorsemarket-et.,

/110 LBT.—HOUSIii at Wilderspool. with tv o entertaining A. rooms and other convenienoes, low rental, also CO ETAGB on Liverpool-roid.—Apply W. BOSTOC7r, Wildery. pool. Warrington.

WOMEN'S AILMENTS. fItREGULARITIRS, &e.— Lao), having tried in vain every advertisod rtmay, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, whicu will act in a row hours, no matter how tubtorn the case. Bona-fide sufferers can get it FRBE of sHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment Cith Worthless Pills, bfixtures Cones, and other injurious wootrums. Write at once with full HOPS and COM. DETICB to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings ' , Lorbion.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND _

===== 0002601_18981021_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
e-beilioe--ryllane,

DECORATORS. fIMORBLL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury . W.C. Cheapest House I London for English and Foreign Ploture-Frame andltoomn Moulding. Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings./sc. Wholeale Carvers and lailder and Mount cutter. Regilding. Spescial attention to eountry orders. Slew Pattern Book (Entirged to 128 pages) Edition for January 1894 will be raady in December. Poet free for nine penny stamps. Glass Lists Pree monthly. Telegrams EA BBITELY. London."

EUSTANCE AND CO.'S

apartmettto, & euniisbebl/ouso.

BRIGIITON.—Gordon House, Cannon-place. Home to home. Near West Pier and Amusements. Address !MODEM.

1 LANDUDNO.--birs. STEAD, Inglefield, Queen's-ro ad 11 Craig-y-Don. Publics and Private Rooms; board if desired sea view.

FORTH WALES.—dpartments, with board or •Jithout ; 11 beautiful situation ; low rate for heptember.—Mß. Joisza, Fern Hill, Trefriw.

HOLIDAYS IN LONDON.—Comlortable APARTMENTS with meals at moderate fixed rates ; central; clean, 41, BERNARD-STREET. Russell Square,

BLACEPOOL.—SUPERIO APARTMENTS for Winter N months ; with or without board; terms moderate.— ROBLNSON, 19, Alexandra-road, South Shore.

EiZianteb.

A DENT WANTED, to sell CHBCK•MHTBES Ifor saving 11. Gas Bills.—lstasois, 110, Strand, London.

MEDALS WANTED; Military, dated 1848 and earlier, 105. 12, Grattan-terrace, Dalin, x

QIINLIGHT Sr LIFEBUOY SOAP WRAPPERS WANIED ; 9d. per 100.—RICE, 12, Grattan-cerrace, Dublin. x

WAR MEDALS WANTED dated 1843. or earlier 1892 or later; also last Arctic; £2 each givea—Maj or Tomas Droltwich.

WANTED, Chief rents and Eligible Mortgage Securities ; V quick- reply and completion.—J. H. Heaug, 47, Spring Gardens (corner Fountain-street). Manchester..

MASONS.—Wanted, good Banker MPsone at once.—Apply RicaaßD EVANS, Clerk of Works, Olggleawick School Chapel,Settle, Yorkshire.

BIRMINGHANE GOODEL—Everytbing for dealers, fur- nishers, clubs. Ac. ;Agents wanted; wholesale book free. —Write HENRY MAY, Factor, Birmingham.

WANTED. Immediately. CERTIFICATED ASSISTANT- MISTRESS ; sol-fa; state salary required.— Apply Rev. F.A.Tavas SUTHERLAND, Tunstall, Eitnffs.

WANTED, a DAIRY of NEW MILE delivered at Lime- street Station. Bank or Farmer's references. Apply G. MASSEY, 3, Contston-Bt., 13 Liverpool.

TOBACCONISTS Commencing. - See 111 d. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobaccioniste Outfitting Co.,lB6,Euston-rd London. Hairdressers Stted.listimates free.—Mgr. 11.111YERS

OthritO, BuEititesssts, tit.

VRIRD FISH and CHIPS.—MIBBOTTS CHAYPIox Range and Potatoe Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels for outdoors 24 page list free. 51, Lever-et. Manchester,

OLD-ESTABLISHED Pork Butcher's BUSINESS to t e SOLD at New Ferry, near Port Sunlight.—Apply 29, NEW CEEiTER-ROLD, New Ferry, Cheshire.

-VOR DISPOSAL, a Drapery, 51111luery.Children's Clothing. 12 and Toy BUSINESS; Immediately. 111-health cause of sale.—Apply 80. Bssurftscif STREEr, Birkenhead.

Vubltrattons.

GREAT

WATCH, CLOCK, PLATE,

og3 r

AND JEWELLERY SALE

' IS STILL COISTINURD DURING ALTBRATIONS. D ISCOUNT

10 TO 25 PER CENT.

• 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

-

I

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS CF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 8d

I

'I

. JOHN WALKER AND Co.,

UNDERTAKE PIUNTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES Fon CONVERSAZIONE PROGRAMMES Fon SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES von

D, AND 41, DALE.STREETs 1, LORD—STREET, LIVERPOOL.

lott

Roalts bp 4:int/ate ereatp.

• Soaks( op Sanction.

//Mi.% iioarbing estab.

HUDDIIIISPIELD : COBDEN HOTEL.—Visitors find good accommodation; well-aired Beds, is., is. 6d.. 25.; Board anti Residence El per week.

TnE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- - -

===== 0002601_18981021_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
FVINE LOT of all Wool Blankets, Payment. ten. Quilts, Table Cloths Remnants &e., very Cheap at Jacksons.

CARPETS and HEARTH RUGS Payments taken., from 38 11d. 4s 11d, 5e 11d; to • • 16s 64;

CitiIPETS from 19s 6d to 696 6d Payments taken. always in Stook.

DIIBBREINB. closes all small punctures in tyres Auto- matically, quite harmless. is. per bottle, post paid. 8.. RA3IBI3OTTOIt, 81, Market-street. Manchester.

GLASS HEARSE on Sale, 3 to choose from, modum. first Class order.—Tazvos, Stoekport•road. Manchester.

TO FAMMBUS.—Corn Bran 47s 6d per ton (sacks included) .1 free on rails ; Liverpool ; cash.—JosaPn M. CoaNELL, Corn Menhant, 34 South Juhu-street, Liverpool.

20s. to Ns a week can be earned on the "Original" , FOS- TER PATHNT KNITIRIL ; knit. stockings, socks, U.—Write Jamas FOSTER, Maker, Friargate, Preston.

£l2 INVESTED returns ,£3O in 6 months; nothing speculative whatsoever ; capital fully secured ; stamped envelope EVAN, 35, South John-street, Liverpool. I

A STOUNDING 1 40s OVERCOAT 20e • all shades and .CA. materials, Chesterfield shape ; send chest overcoat and arm measures. CAULDWELL, Levenshulme, Manohester.

erBRIBN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent ki Cushions are the best and cheapest. Tables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered.—J, O'BRIEN. GLOBE BILLIARD {TOMES, Bridge-street, Manchester. •

hioued

1/111)EPAIR YOUR OWN MANGLE.—Syeamere ROLLERS, .lAJ sizes up to 24 by 5. 2s. 9d. each. Finished and bored, Beet on approval.—McKuaaa AND Co., Importers, Grim- shaw-strAet, Bootle, Liverpool.

A LL CLINNTS received (Wildtowler plunge) immediately LI, after private trial. Send stamped address (in strict confidence), extra special intelligence to hand.—GEORGE DALLEY, 4, Nuddlgore-road, New ems, London.

MEN THOUSAND PARCULS.-12 Yards Beautiful Lime, 1 and Silk Lace Fall, 1 Silk and Lace Collarette with 2 Silk Bows and Fancy Buckles, and one Is Novel ; carriage paid Is 6d.—W. COTTON, Weekday Cross, Nottingham.

rllO LADIES.—DisFIIYIFS Coated Female PILLS (Govern- _l went stamped). never fail. being noted for their strength, a few doses usually being sufficient. Large bex sent under cover for 3s 7d,--BSEgaYE, 2, Burns-road, Hines. den, London, N.W.

2 GALLONS FOR 40.

Many People suffer from extreme thirst during the summer. Messrs. Poster Clark and Co. with their EIFFEL TOWER LMONADE have supplied a want that hal so long been felt. EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE is made from the finest

lemons, and the great advantage Is that it is partly manufactured In Italy, in the midst of the lemon orchards. The lemons are taken direct from the es to the factory to commence their transform.- tion into the EIFFEL ToWER LEXoNADE, You get thirty-two tumblers (or two gallons) for 1:r ence naltpenny. Of all Grocers, or a sample will sent free for six stamps. O. FOSTER CLARK CO. No 694, EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY BlRldStOtle.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
sr

PITTS'S DINING-ROOM FURNITURW—Best selection. Splendid value, Astounding display. Suites in Morocco, Saddlebags, Velvets, Ac ; Sideboards, Dining Tables. Hundreds to select from at trona 6to 60 guineas.

PPITTS'S CYCLES, BASSINETT CARTS, ES, MAIL Lamps. China, Glass, Earthenware. Magnificent display in Show•windows. Pleasure to see it. P's OFFICE AND LIBRARY F UHNITU RA.— Every Description of Bookcases. Secretaires. Desks, Stools, Chairs, Sees. Copying Presses at about half City Prices.

QAMUEL PITTS. ESTABLISHED 1845. LOAIDON-ROAD (just past Station), MANCHBS TER. Ardwiek, Long:light, and Belle Vue Cars pass the door.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S 13ERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectuaz HOOFING COUGH cure without znternal medicines. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists pric HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bottl e. Sol Wholesale Agents BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS 45,t SoN, 157 Queen Victoria btret t GROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

IMPORTANT TO LADIES.

PROFESSOR TRAINER'S FEMALE (.3ORRECTIVE.

CORRECTS ALL IRREGULARITIES. removes all Obstructions from whatever cause arising) and relieves the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Perfectly harmless, and I never fails to bring about the desired result, as testified by thousands. Price 29. 9d. and 4s. 6d. Extra strong lie. Care fully packed and sent free from observation. ADDRESS :-MANAGERESS,

MEDICALIINSTIIIITE, 14, PRICE-STRERTi(NEIR SAu.oxe'spontE), LIVERPOOL.

Tin conflict between the United The Debt Cuban States and Spain about the Cuban debt is somewhat complicated. The facts of the case are• very simple, however, and they may as well be stated. The debt on the island amounts to seventy millions sterling. Of I I this sum the island owes ten millions to Spain. The debt is held by Cubans, by Spaniards, anti only to a very limited extent, it is thought, by foreigners. Of course, as a whole, it represents the money expended in modern times in putting down chronic rebellion, rather than in developing the resources of the island. If the United States had conquered Cuba for purposes purely Ameri- can, and were intending to govern the island as a conquered country the natural course of things would be for the debt ,to go with the island; though it may be remem- bered that the Federal Government, after the Civil war in the United States, repudiated all responsibility for the Confederate debt. The American Government now takes the sound posi- tion that it does not aspire to rule Cuba as part of the 'United States, and it is not intending to accept its sovereignty. Cuba has been freed from Spanish rule, and the Cubans have got to rule themselves. Spain, on her part, says that her authority over the island is gone, that henceforth it will not be in her power to draw a peseta of revenue from the place, and that hence to saddle her with the Cuban debt is unjust. There ought • to be some equitable way out of these entanglements. If it be unfair to cast the debt on America entirely; it is equally unfair to leave it on Spain. In other cases where countries have been freed the general course has been for the countries to contribute towards the debt which had formerly rested upon them. This is an equitable arrangement, and it helps us in the present case. The Cubans must have imposed upon them a certain portion of the debt now resting upon the island. How much it is not necessary to determine oflhand. Spain must con- tinue to bear a portion also. But is America to wholly escape ? That is the crux of the difficulty. We can see no way of solving the matter unless PRESIDENT McICINLEv admits that the United States Government does assume some kind of overlordship over the island, amount- ing to a Protectorate. If we were asked to make a fair financial adjustment of the debt, we should divide it into five parts, and contend that Cuba herself should take ever three-fifths— that is, forty-two millions—leaving Spain and the United States to pay fourteen millions each, or divide up the twenty-eight millions in some other agreeable way. Unless some plan of this kind can be devised,or if the debt be saddled almost entirely lon Spain, it will be unpaid, it will be altogether lost. The Cubans will be in a strong financial position after a time. The island is wealthy, its resources are abundant, and its trade and com- merce will go up by leaps and bounds as soon as internal tranquillity and economical administration are assured. Hence the island ought to take over the major portion of its own debt, and proceed to pay it off. The work will be considerable, but it is by no means impossible. Liberty is often costly to begin with, and it would indeed be unjust [to [Spain if she lost the island and had to go on pay- mg for the big debt upon it.

THE Emrsnou of GERMLNY Pilgrims and Bombs. as a pilgrim to tho Holy Land

is an interesting figura. Cynics may scoff and politicians may sinilo, but to

the general public there must be some attraction

in a visit as singular as it seems to be puzzliug. The laisEn is a restless creature, and he has per- turbed Europe more than once by his freaks upon

religious and social questions. He is now bent upon making a pil4rimage which must, in the nature of things, be enveloped in some consider- able mystery. Au Emperor is an enthusiast if he

pleases, audit would be hard to deny to him the liberty of action and thought claimed by the humblest Christian. But when he designs to make visits of the kind just commenced he forces the rest of the world to find some other motives than those which animated a pious Lutheran towards the end- of the nineteenth century. He has managed to enlist upon his side the SULTAN, who regards his 'visit as an act of friendship which may be of service hereafter. The Turks in Palestine and

its neighbourhood are full of enthusiasm, we are told, because a Christian Emperor is going to visit the sites and shrines held in special reverence by Christians, whom they generally designate as in- fidels. Of itself this is a very remarkable state of things, and it may well puzzle Western minds. Whether the services rendered by Germany to the SULTAN, to the Turkish army, and to the Turkish cause in recent troubles in Greece have had any- thing to do with this enthusiasm can only be guessed. It may be enthusiasm made to order, and as evanescent as this kind of popular fervour usually is. But that it is being manifested it hardly seems possible to doubt. The whole country is being prepared for a visit which must be even more unintelligible to the Turks of Syria than it is to the Christians of Europe. TIIO advance to Jerusalem will be a kind of triumphal pro• cession, and the stay there a groat religious event. Is the KAISER about to pr oclaim himself the custodian of the Holy Places, conjointly with the Turk ? Is he about to enter into some occult alliance with the SULTAN? Is he developing plans , antagonistic to Russia? Or is he simply visiting , the Holy Land as an individual Christian, a pious, Emperor, an inspired potentate? It may be that ' he will make declarations of interest on some of these points before or directly after he returns. The Anarchists are indifferent to these aspects of the visit. They have only seen in it one more chance of ridding the world of an Imperial personage Had the KAISER gone to Cairo there were desper- ate men there who would have made an attempt to kill him. They were to take a house in the capital and throw bombs at him as he passed by. He probably became acquainted with their designsf and changed his plans. The Anarchists tried to get to Palestine,and an attempt was to be made in Jerusalem. Tho Anarchists seem to be all Italians, and not Germans. They have no special political grievances against the KAISER. But they are at war with kings and queens, as representing law, order, and the existing constitution of things. For the time they have been defeated, but it is probable that some of the conspirators are already in Palestine, and if so we may still have some - sational events. An

seri' 'U'

influential German paper says "Abdo Harald, in spirit and in character, has not a few' points in common with Kaiser Wilhelm the second." One's first thoughts on reading this ex- traordinary comparison of potentates is that the writer stands a very good chance of being put in prison for Pse majeste--Emperor William's fav- ourite weapon when punishing too outspoken pressmen. But the facts of the matter are rather different than might be supposed. The journal quoted, has so suited itself to the occasion—the Emperor's visit to Turkey—as to devote a couple of columns to a panegyric on the Sultan. Our readers will boa little suprised to learn, from thig source, that the Sultan of Turkey "is wise and thoughtful, he has introduced remark. able judicial reforms into Turkey, built asylureS for the poor, hospitals for the sick, and is collo corned for the education of his people. He 10 also built thousands of miles of railway, and it is only ignorance or malice that could represent the' Sultan as opposed to reform. Those who kilos; 0 him know how consumed he is with reforming' zeal. He is a terribly hard worker, finding hi only relaxation in the bosom of his family. ilea, • is gentle, friendly, sympathetic, benevolent, toler' ' ant,good,magnanimous, liberal,and impulsive."AnC then the article concludes with comparing theKaiset,, to this "saint on earth." Note the nine adjen't tives in the last sentence of the quotation. Abdul Hamid has not even the faults and frailties tbst all flesh is heir to, in the opinion of the con- scienceless writer of this absurd "puff." Solt often have we had proofs incontrovertible of the Sultan's villany, deceit, craft and cruelty ? The whole world knows the harrowing tale of the Armenian atrocities and the Sultan's share therein. " Yet there is a newspaper in the Fatherland 00 subservient to officialdom, so anxious to currY favour with the Emperor, and above all so devoid of truthfulness and honour as to laud to the skies the despotic and debased monarch whom Glad" atone fitly described as the "Great Assassin."

-- Developments in the adjuncts to warfare are rapid and ceaseless, and the Czar's disarmament • proposal has had no different effect. An evening; paper published a paragraph this week alluding to' the now famous rescript, and immediately above it particulars of active war preparations in France. , The irony of the two paragraphs was probably 110"xt intentional, and therefore all the keener. On ear side the Channel there is no relaxation of the endeavour to keep our sea footing on an equiva.• lent with that of any other two powers. Each battleship that is launched seems to surpses, her predecessors in offensive and defensive equir ment. The Goliath, the latest to leave the stocklio when fitted with her full armament, will be able to project shot at the rate of seven tons per minute. The Inflexible was a marvel in her dal and the tremendous shells she threw into the forts of Alexandria were quite sufficient to account for the demoralisation of the Egyptian gunners. Bat she is antiquated in comparison with the Goliath, whose citadel is to all intents and purposes ire' penetrable, and whose heaviest projectiles are 850 lbs weight. Truly, universal peace appears hePe" lessly distant, Lut the need for an understanding tantamount to such a happy state of existence is plainly very great.

During the past week disaster has followed d' aster with appalling regularity, and up to now tb death roll for the past seven days is a terrible one; The casualties which have occurred are all M cone nection with man's journeyings to and fro, so tb` the habitual stay-at-homes have something to fe 4 thankful for. The first recorded calamity, IF fortunately, uroved the heaviest of the lot, bu this circumstance is the only one of a haPP character connected with the inexplicabl wreck of the Moheaan, whereby 103 haplz souls wore suddenly plunged into eternit Apparently impenetrable mystery surroun I ' the cause of the Mohegan's wreck. She Nv, • in waters particularly well-known and invariabi avoided on account ei the sunken rocks will abound. Yet she at amed straight out of be° course, and with almcst suicidal deliberation r• • on the Manacles. How and why she came to in the neighbourhood at all has not been learn and until it is we must refrain fro ' attaching blame to her navigators bol. anyone else. No less startling to the 2 even more sudden, was the blowing LIP °I-nr. Blengfell, off Margate,on Monday afternoon. Jue. the cause is only too plain. Grave reflection !I carelessll thrown upon those who stowed away so t..

the naphtha which ultimately burst into flames and killed nine Following on the heels of this deplorable,deetilmat came the • one at Birkenhead dooka, whioeithough disastrous in many ways,was not so ruthless a destroyer of life. Nevertheless two mower, ,missing in consequence. The disaster here w 8,5 remarkably like the one at Latchford Locks, when the Harold rammed the flood-gates and nearly, emptied the upper reaches of the Canal. The steamer , Blanche Rock sought admission to the Morpeth dock, and under the in- fluences of a boisterous tide . and perhaps some fatal miscalculation of speed. she dashed, against the outer barrier and tore' the gates from their hinges. An eight-teet *all of water immediately ' aWsipt,t42 Blanche Rock into the middle of the , and.siiiiilarrY broke- from their moorings about- half-a-dozen flats ; a .pontoon, atid one or two large cargo boats stationed in the dock also tlapped- thtfir hawsers when .the water- so sud- idenly left their keels. Then, on the same day, an awful catastrophe befel an express train at Wrawby kinction, cadaing the loss of nine lives. Travelleri were dozing, -chatting, or reading in fancied secirity when the carriages were splintered and unroofed by some timber-baulks projecting from a derailed waggon. The Great Central Rail- Way Company have much to answer for in this in- stance. Such a calamity might happen any time Were not the utmost precautions taken, and Whether all due care and thoughtfulness was ex- ercised at Wrawby Junction seems at least open to doubt. Finally, as if misfortune had not been the cause of sufficient horror, the gale adds more calamities to the list. The north east coast is dotted with wrecks, one of which at Redcar has resulted in the drowning of twelve men. The papers, this week, have literally teemed with an accumulation of horrors arising from unforseen catastrophes of great magnitude. " Troubles," we are told "never come singly," and this time they have arrived in batches sufficient to appal the stoutest heart.

The Rev. H. G. Roberts has not been in War- l'ington very lot*, but he has discovered that one uf the worst features of the towtr—is the state of Sankey-street on Sunday evenings. Preaching at a children's service on Sunday, the rev, gentleman alluded in terms of warmth and sarcasm to what he called "the Sabbabcal oromenade " in Sankey- Street, at the same time exhorting the younger luernbers of his congregation to shun such a Illethod of spend:ng Sunday evening. Mr. Roberts la not the first gentleman whose soul has been stirred to wrath at the senseless promenad- illg of Sankey-street on the evening of the Sabbath. Not only is the thoroughfare greatly obstructed—notwithstandincr the efforts of the police to prevent loitering and larking "-- but the spectacle of so many boys and girls,voung leen and young women, idling away their time in loch childish fashion is a sad one. The reflection Itthrows on the parents of Warrington families is aerious. They cannot be ranch concerned about their children's moral welfare, if they allow them 40 desecrate the Sabbath by participating in the rowdyism and inanity which still goes on in tlaukey-street during and after the hours of even- 14g worship. We hope Mr. Roberts's timely !ords will be carefully noted and acted upon by those who heard them, and possibly Sankey-street taa3' profit simultaneously with the younger gener- elios. The sensation of the week, ha, we think, been • unmasking of Henri Louis Grin, alias M. de Ikugement, by the "Daily Chronicle," which has thus au&tified the scepticism it expressed from tho vdery first with regard to "The adventures of Louis e Itougemont," "Truth is stranger than fiction" says the tc Wide World" Magazine, and the `B`Chronicle" repeats the motto with delicate °cum. This man Grin has imposed upon the Public in a fashion almost unparalleled. George sewnes, Limited have been fairly "taken in," and en the staid, dignified British Association has .4_arown open its doors to an impostor. De Rouge- Out, or to call him by his proper name, Grin, is Swiss courier who has had a chequered career,but %tot the career told in the pages of the Wlcle World " magazine. According to the 1.! any Chronicle's" showing he was born at Vfrressy in Switzerland, and later resided in Yver- 90n. As courier to a well-known actress he travelled over half the world, and finally in the aervice of a statesman he arrived in Australia, where he is well known. Among other facts dis- covered is the startling one that Grin has a wife , • white one—and family in Sydney, whom he is • Ported to have left destitute. Some parts of his narrative are founded on fact. He wa.s,for a time, tZt in Australia, but only for three years— not R,lty as he states—and during the time actually 17111ve among blacks. He had even a black wife, but the amazing adventures he relates can only ,5 Put down to a very fertile imagination. Ho is Zut the man he said ho was,he did not spend thirty hJe4tB in the interior of Australia, and it may be tesumed that he saw very little that was in any "33' extraordinary. keasrs.

to . Newnes after making a strenuous effort illg.tify their belief in Grin and his story, have .111,,t had to admit that the proofs of the "Daily Snick," are too much for them. They have trelnted a slip for insertion in the November num- thr of the "Wide World" magazine stating that tileY do not vouch for the truth of the story. reNgli portions of it are admittedly based upon tittueqeriences. Apparently the story will con- to be issued, though not as "the truth, the trath, arid nothing but the truth." The yiL/Itaber and December numbers of the maga- %re already !:n print,and must be issued, so the Ilrietors say. We fancy that the adventures tt osel a large portion of their interest, now that ,n? alluring myth as to their having all been IVally experienced has been dispelled. There is trItl!8 literary merit about the story, and with the We U f its source laid bare, no one will be full of b,4surable longing for the issue of the succeeding -taluients. fp! must congratulate the proprietors of the te4113, Cldroniele," on their perseverance, and de- by'llaation to expose the huge fraud perpetrated ~seenry Louis Grin. They have gone about the ttio with a thoroughness beyond all praise, and ugh their revelations are not yet concluded, 114 ng further is needed to indicate that success 44,115een attained. Grin is undoubtedly a shrewd 411. q clever man, possessed of confidence and assur- ki:t enough to carry him through nearly anything.' feeika gulled thousands upon thousands of his Rt.:AY-creatures been accepted in high places as a explorer, 'traveller, and second Crusoe, and eit.le in the face of relentless criticism. The lieh'elem has at last triumphed however,and lik,.-rY_,Louis Grin stands before the world as a Por+rnua deceiver of the first quality. He is re- to have gone to Switzerland, and would 1344138 he well advised in giving the scene of his bei44.-` t.riurnph and subsequent downfall a wide ni future.

Itm. • ,aw,—nraonial advertisements have one great 5.r they are too stereotyped in their wording sordid in character. One would imagine that e°rlsiderable amount of tact and judgment wore tkessary for the successful landing of a matri- -414144 prize, but this is not the case in many ta 'lces of successful negotiations on the marriage 4ticat 4rt ,• We have recently come across diet , auvertisement from a would-be Bone- ; Which deserves to be rescued from Iven• It appeared in a paper published 40,2 tea, and reads as follows :—" A bachelor, dla„'''37-seven years old, without wealth, of quiet eoC,°4ition, living on a reasonable monthly in- and having but little parental restrictions to be married to a lady possessed of the I)tia ging qualifications :-1. She must be twenty- of age, and have good health. 2. Of e average beauty. 3. A working know- lispZ lithmetic 4. A working knowledge in P. Not given to much talk. 6. Pos- somo property. 7. Virtuous. 8, p. Have little or no parental " There is nothino• stereotyped about Zatri'„,Peal to the fair sex, anethe candidate for riot'nY is apparently convinced that marriage •Qelii 4 failure Whether he found a being able 1t all th • have ese requirements we are unaware, but Zaverown opinion that he did not, andl Nlzel-}." unless he turns Creator himself and 4 "better half" to his own pattern.

RIINC oil, Aru WWNIS.

COMING EVENTS IN .RUNCORN.

We would iemind our readers that the Annual Sermons will be preached at St. Edward's Catholic Church on Sunday neat. Also that the Rhondd4 (Valley) Royal Glee party will appear in tbl3 Drill Hall, Runcorn, on Tuesday. They are admittedly the finest body of singera in the world. _ -

The weekly meeting of this class was very pointy at- tended, owing to other attractions. Mr. George Hayes, submitted a well got-UP paper on "The spirit of fun in literature," showing how to abstract 'amusement even from the sources of knowledge. Mr. W. Millington and Mr. T. Sandas gritield the PPer; and after an inter- esting summing Up of the4daricinti pointitaised, Mr. T. Simi,ter who, presided over the proceedings, closed the meeting.

AtanENT ra'r OLD QUAY WORKS. On Thursday morning what may be characterised as a narrow escape from death, occurred to a man named Joseph Buckley, who resides at Dover-street. It appears that Buckley was engaged in the production of what is known as " Blue Billy "and whilst crossing the vats was observed to totter, and had he not been assisted by Joseph Richardson, and another fellow worker, would have fallen and certa'nly lost his life. Buckley, who has been attended by Dr. McDougall, now lies in bed at his residence suffering from pains in ths back. It is sup- mooed thkt be was tot,ined with a fit of some kind, but as he is not known to have been siibiict to such attacks and as be is dumb, the point is not perfectly clear. AN OBSTRUCTIVR RUNCORN BILLOCK. A cow-catcher would have been a useful attachment to the engine of the Liverpool express at Runcorn on Tuesday evening. A bullock, belonging to Mr. Bell, butcher, strayed from afield and jumped on the railway between Sutton and Runcorn. The animal defied the advance of tee expreis, and the driver stopped the train In order to prevent an accident. The railway officials were occupied ten minutes in driving the animal to a place of safety, when the train proceeded. The unusual incident greatly interested the paseengere.

,

14( 4 Vpity.ae, tle 04 1)1 le4 t4i; Nat I°4 %a% ttc,ve

===== 0002601_18981021_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WOUNDING CASE AT WIDNES. _ . .

At Widnes Police Court on WedoesdaY. -before Mr. B. Brown, a middle-aged woman named Elizabeth Bushell, 4 Pool-street, Wag charged with unlawfully wounding a man named John Grady on Tuesday afternoon. The parties had been drinking nearly all day, and a quarrel ensuing between Bushell and Grady, the former struck prosecutor violently on the head with a teapot,inflicting three wounds, one just above the left temple an inch long and penetrating to the bone. When charged the prisoner replied, " I did it in self-defence."—She was committed to the Liverpool Assizes for trial. WITH THE " FICKWICKIANS." Tuesday night saw a good number of the " Pick wick- lane " assembled at the Brunner Guild Hall, under the presidency of Mr. George Hapes. The speaker for the evening was Mr. W. Millington, whose subject was " Errata."—Following the reading of the paper there was open discussion in which Messrs. T. Sanders, T. Millinger, Davirs, Bennion, and Williams took part.— At the close of the proceedings the Chairman compli- mented the members of the club on the instruction, and diversity of topic they provided, concluding with the remark that the meeting was one of the best held under the auspices of the society for some time.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES_ MUNICIPAL_ ELECTION.

On Friday nigh; a large and influential meeting was held in support of Mr. T. Laws' candidature, in the committee room, Waterloo-road. Mr. Borthwick pre- sided, and there were also present—Councillors Hem• ingway and Carney (the present mem hers of the Ward), Mr. W. Palin (candidate tor Victoria Ward), and Messrs. Hough, Gordon, Penney, Farnworth, &to. Councillor Hemingway addressed the meeting at some length.-00 Saturday evening a meeting was held in the Page-lane, Mission Room, to support Councillor W. Christie's re- election. The meeting was a large and representative one, the room being filled. Amongst those present were —Councillors Allen, Midwood, flemMg way ; Messrs. W Patin, A Moore, Woolley, J Davies, Glover, T Martin, J Burgess. RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY. ' The usual monthly meeting of the Free Library Com• mitten was held on Tuesday night, at the Council Cham- ber. Mr D Bisbrown presiding. There were also present: Messrs. Mr. L. Davies, T. ft,ley, M. J. Sweetman, I Joseph Pritchard, ‘Villiam Handley, with Mr J. D. Jones (secretary and librarian).—Thn Librarian rmorted that during the roast month the library had been opened, :1 days, and 982 books were issued. embracing :—Theelogy 14, philosophy 2, science 25, history etc, 29, poetry 1, fiction 802, miscellaneous, 103, music 4 ; this was a de- crease of 887 on the corresponding month last year.— The decrease was due to the fact that the library had only been opened for about half the time it was last year. —Mr. Samuel Taylor presented the library with a draw- ing in black and white by Mies Atkinson. The subject was ," Bancorp: Ferry." Arrangements were made for the 1 formal opening of the Free Library by Sir J. T. Brunner Bart., M.P., on the 26th inst.—The usual accounts were also passed for payment.

Tag Sorrs or TEMPERANCE. The usual meeting of the above Order was held on Saturday evening in the Greenway-road Schoolroom, under the presidency of Mr. Edward Key, jun. Liter the ordinary business had been transacted, Mr. Thomas Cooke, one of the auditors, gave his report for the past quarter. He stated that during tho quarter they had lost one member by death, and two wives of members, £32 having been paid out of the funeral fund of the district. They now had 285 members, and about £2O had been paid into the central fund during the quarter. The cadets were in a very flourishingcondition, number- ing 84, and were increasing week by week. The funds amounted to £ll9 163. A number of important sugges- tions were made by Mr. Cooks which would make the Order more efficient. The following officers and mem- bers took part in the meeting :—Messrs J Noden, Thomas J Holt, Thomas Whyte, Daniel Bisbrown, George Holt, James Johnson, and John Jones.

WIDNES SCHOOL BOARD. At the monthly meeting of this Board on Tuesday, Florence Bennett (West Bank),John Carter (Warrington- road), Maggie Burrows, and Arthur Nickson (Sinam's Cross) were awarded scholarships at the Higher Grade School and School of Science. Miss Gerrard was ap- pointed teacher of cookery at a salary of £BO per annum. The financial statement for the half-year ended the 29th September last was submitted. It showed that the total receipts other than loans amounted to £9,6911. 18s. sd. The total expenditure was £7,387 10s. id. The outstand- ing liabilities of the Board amount to £29,837 17s. 9d. The balance sheet was approved. Her Majesty's Inspector of Schools reported that the Higher Grade School had been so successful in attracting scholars that the present temporary accommodation was in many respects inade- quate, and the Board should lose no time in providing new buildings, with suitab'e playgrounds and offices. The report was referred to the School Management Com- mittee, the Chairman remarking that the school had evidently been too successful. BOYS' BRIGADE CHURCH PARADE. The firat parade of the session of the Runcorn Wesleyan Boys' Brigade, took place on Sunday morning last, and proved very successful. Four companies took part viz.. Camden, 3 officers 30 rank and file; Brunswick. 3 officers, 38 rank and file ; Nelson-street, 1 officer, 10 rank and file ; and Halton, 2 officers, 25 rank and file. The Runcorn Brigade assembled in Camden schoolroom, from whence they marched, preceded by the Weston Wesleyan Brass Band, by way of Church-street, High-street,and Bridge. street to meet the Halton Brigade, returning by way of Bridge-street, and High-street to St. -Paul's Wesleyan , Chapel. Here a spccial sermon was preached by the Rev. C.W.L. Christien (chsplain of the Brunswick Com- pany). The Brigade was commanded by Captain J. W. Woodland,and the other officers present were Captains T, Leach (jun), Marsh, Smith (Halton), Lieutenants Gittins, Littlemore, Holt, and Mulkey (Halton). In- structor Rushton was eleo in attendance.

AN INTERESTING ESTABLISHMENT. —ViSitots to Man. chegter can hardly fail to be imprassed with the tine establishment now occupied by Samuel Pitts in that city. This princely building which is magnificently fitted up and lighted by electricity covers 9 900 square feet of ground, has a storage caracity of 1,000,000 feet, and is five storeys in height. Unlike many businesses which of mushroom growth, often as quickly disappear, Pitts's emanated from a small building in Brook-street about 50 years ago. Since thon they have occupied nremises in Gaythorn. Their progress has been step by step to the pe3ition they now occupy. Wh,3n one con- siders that fact the eld saying recurs to one's mind that t' there is always room at the top." The rapid strides made by this great firm of complete house, office, and shop furnishers is due to their admirable business methods. They have stu lied the public on all points. Quality and moderate price are the chief factors in the success of their business. They have mastered that happy combination, and the visitor to their establish- ment can to assured of being attended to courteously ; and in addition there is every convenience for the cus- tomer including hydraulic passenger and luggage lifts.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

TRINITY MEN'S BIBLE CLess.—An opening in connec• tion with this class took place on Sunday afternoon, Mr. W. D. Ringrose presiding. The Revs. J. R. Hargreaves and J. K.Kellv attended as the deputation and delivered addresses. Mr. Kelly spoke on foreign mission work. Sacred solos were rendered by Miss Ethel Kent and Mr. A. E. Rainerley.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
E EX IN Ett FRI AY, OCTOBER . 21, 1898

It'UNCORN NOTES.

[BY A. CORRESPONDENT]

The opening ceremony, in connection with the Runcorn Free Library, will take place on Wednes- day next, and will be performed by Sir John Brunner, Bart., M.P. To make the ceremony as imposing as it should be is a task that perplexes the Library Committee to some extent. Considering the general popularity of Sir John Brunner, there is sure to be a large crowd of interested people present to witness the proceedings—hence the trouble—how are they going to be accommodated ? No one seems to know, and like a good many more problems of a similar kind, it will probably have t 3 solve itself. But, after all, the people who are interested in the Free Library will not, mind the crush on this occa- sion,

A good many young fellows who are at a loss to know where to spend a pleasant and instractive evening, might "go further and fare worse,* than pay a visit to the haunt's of the • PAckwick Club. which meets in thb Brunner Guild liall.lt is just the place where a younteman who possesses ideas and thinks he can • talk' ought to gym There is much knbwledge and no little amusement to be obtained at very small cost.

Like a "bolt from the blue," has fallen upon the people in Runcorn and district a succession of calamities which. bring:in their wake sorrow and mourning—but which help to kindle in our breats that feeling which makes all 'the world kin.' Com- mencing with the sudden death of Mr. S. Yarwood, the death of Mr. Coleburn, the death 'ot Corporal .James Gibbs (in Egypt); and the sudden suffoca- tion of the little girl Louisa Graham,the local death roll is added to by a calamity due to the bursting of the Morpeo Dock gates at Birkenhead, entailing great damage to property and the loss of two lives— those of highly respected Runcorn flatmen. Thus, truly can it be said that the fates are dealing hardly with Runeorn bon at home and abroad.

"In things musical it is satisfactory to observe that the Runcorn Philharmonic Sniety seem to have breastei the wave of trouble with which they had to.contend. and now gaily ride upon its crest. Their conductor is, undoubtedly, an acquisition. The Rhondda Valley Glee Party Nadi visit Runcorn to perform in aid of the Runcorn Volunteer Band, and no one should lie the opportunity of hearing them. Their singing reminds all who hear it Of the lines : " Angela choirs from on high, . Their heavenly anthems in the sky"."* The Orchestral Society are providing diversity of entertainment in the way of smokers,' at which a pleasant musical evening is Obtained at popular prices.

a tendency becoming more general amongst employers to be considerate and humane. They regretted that all their great employers of labour had left the neighbour- hood—and left without leaving anything behind them, bat disused works. They wanted people who would conduct their works on the same lines as the Cotner Kellner Company.—That was with consideration to their workpcople. (Hear, hear ) De. McDougall seconded, and said, that in his capacity as a public officer he had the passing of about 100 to 120 children -every year who were about to launch oul intp the world of employment, and he was struck with the fact that the majority of them had only just passed the 4ta standard. He would press upon parents the responsibility that rested upon them in that respect. • Dr. McDougall paid a high compliment to the Caster Kellner Company, and to Mr. Mather in particu- hr, amid referred to the time when the works of the latter g,rentlemun were peacefully conduct-d, owing to the considerate treatment of the workmen during the ter:ible times accompanying the late engineer's strike. He he artily secanded the vole, which was a-....eorded with acelaination. Mr. W. Mather • responded, and thanked the vicar, aching that he itiorrd that the rev, gentleman would inform him how his cotleagues and himself could best ' serve the interests of the town and district in an un- o:tentatious niaririei for helcduld assure them as soon as they—who were practically a new indastry—had be- come fairly established, they would , not be toehind hand in contributingtheir share to the common welfare of Runcorn and its people. Dr. McDougall was nothing if he was not ehthusiaatic, and in his enthusiasm he had said all those good things. He thanked them all and asked them to support a vote of thanks to Mr. S.Taylor, their kincLurbane,and efficient chairman. The vote was heartily accorded, after which the meeting dispersed.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING AT RU-NCOI.OI PA.IU§II CHURCEL

ULTIET:TONKS.

HL On Wednesday afternoon, at the Parish Church, Runcorn, the wedding ot Mr. Edward Hulme, and Miss Annie Tonks, daughter of Mrs. Tonks, Lord- Street, Runcorn. was duly solemnised in the preA sence of a goodly number of friends and well- wishers. The officiating clergyman was the Rev..T. I golden, M.A. (vicar of Antrobus). The bride who was attired in a handsome costume of grey cloth, trimmed with white silk and pearl passementerie, came into church leaning upon the arm of her brother, Mr. H. H. Tonks (who also gave her away), and was followed by her bridesmaids Miss Lily Hulme, Miss Nellie aulme, and Miss Goodwell,who wore becoming dresses of blue cloth trimmed with cream silk; cream nun's veiling trimmed with cream silk ; and dove coloured cloth trimmed with pink silk. Each wore hats to match. Mr. William Cooke discharged the duties of best man. The cere- mony over, an adjournment was made to the home of the bride where the wedding breakfast was par- taken of, Later the happy couple left Runcorn for, Tunstall, Staff., where the honeymoon will be spent. The following is a list of presents : Mrs Tonics, bedroom suite and linen

Mr 0 8 ToCaks, bed linen Mr and Mrs H H Tonics chairs

_ Mr Hulme, 3 pairs of pictures . .

Pdra anima, dining table Miss Lily Huime, clock and pair placques and water ji Miss Jessie Hulnae, cream jug, sugar bowl, and salt . .

lug Icellra

_ Miss Nellie ilulme, half-dozen plates, and slop bowl Mr and Mrs It Potter, hearttarug Mr and Mrs F Fryer, lamp Mr and Mrs J Hulme, clock Mr and Mrs a Huime, cheese dish Mrs Bagshaw, Delph, near Oldham, halt-dozsn cups and saucers Mr and Mrs J Dykes, bedroom service Miss Sarah Dykes, glass wine jug and glasses Miss Martha Dykes. pair vases Miss Mary Ellen Dyke,. brush and comb box Miss Watkins, Leeds, dozen knives and pair of pictures Parish Church Infants School teachers and children, silver teapot and sugar tongs Miss Breakspeare, silver butter knife •

Miss Carr, oihok Miss Goodwell. pair of pictures.egg cups and stand Miss Jones, Rower stand and plant Miss Shaw, set of brushes Miss Tothill, glove and handkerchief box Mr I Littler, brass fender, dogs and fireirons to match Mr Jordan, silver cruet Misses Donee, tea pot and hot water jug Mrs and Miss Burton, fbwer vase and water jag Mr and Mrs Littlemore, half dozen knives and forks Rev J Holden, drawing-room distr. .. - - • Mrs Holden, table cloth and vase * r • a— -Alai Miss Ward, white counterpane

Mr Key, set of jugs Miss Dudley, table, dessert, and tea spoons Miss Towne, white damask table cloth Mr e Shone dower stand .

Miss Florrie Mayhew, one pair fans Miss Rosa Yarwood, half dozen wine glasses Master J Leach, il.)wer vase Miss Hitchniough, Cream jug and sugar bowl Mrs Edwards. copper kettle Mrs Grice, set of salts, cream jug, sugar basin and jam dish Miss Gerrard, bedroom towels Miss 'Rogers, bedroom towels Mr Willie Cooke, elbuns • Mrs Boyers,set of doyleys Mrs Curzon, set of jugs Mrs Sherlock, hot water jug, butter dish and bowls. .....110111•111110.• PARISH COUNult, 114.EETING AT THELWALL.

--- TEIE FERRY QUESTION. The quarterly mseting of the Thelwall Parish Council was hold in the Thelwall Schools on Monday evening. Admiral Jones-Parry, in the absence of the Vicar, pre- sided. There were also present : Messrs. Bleckly, Roe- buck, Kite,Warburton, Taylor, Ford, Houghton, and W. B. Cook (clerk). The Clerk said that in accordance with instructions, he had written to Messrs. Greenall and Bucktso, solici- tors, Warrington, for legal advice as to who was respon- sible for any accident at the ferry after 9 p.m., and whether the ferryman was obliged to take anyone over after 9 p.m. In answer, the solicitors stated that the Ship Canal Company were liable for any accident, and that the ferry could be worked after 9 p.m. if re- quired. Mr. Bleckly said it was a qusstion now whether they should leave the matter ia the hands of tne District Council or go on with it themselves. The Chairman pointed out the difficulty of arousing the ferryman at night when one happened to be on the opposite side of the canal. Mr. Bleakly said they must do the best they could. They had a right to cr3sl the ferry,and if the ferryman did not come they should make a com. pla..int. about it. . .

The Chairman said if people would tell the ferryman what time they would come back he would be there to take them across. Mr. Blackly moved that the whole of the correspond- ence be handed to the District Council for them to deal with. The motion was seconded by Mr. Roelsuck, and Carried. " • " •

Mr. Blackly said that at the last meeting it was unani- mously agreed that something ought to be done to the village stream, which wag not in a creditable condition. He proposed that the Clerk be instructed to obtain speci- fications and tenders for the cleansing of it, and the paving up to the margin in a suitable manner. It would not be a costly undertaking, and it would make the brook rather an ornament than otherwise. The water would run away quickly, and the rubbish would not accumulate, as it did present. _ .

, The Chairman stated that the water would not be fit for cattle to drink then. Mr. IK,te thought that a pipe laid down to take the sewage out of the brook before the cleansing would be a better plan. The water would then be fit for cattle to drink. The motion was not seconded. Mr. Taylor thon proposed that the water be piped up and that the place be levelled with tts road. Mr. Roebuck seconded the motion. . .

—..--- The Chairman moved, as an amendment that the brook he narrowed go tat thero would h 3 a stream of water always running. The motion was seconded by Mr. Sleekly. Neither motion was carried. _

On the motion of Mr. Sleekly the meetinz was ad- journed for a month, so that tenders and further infor- mation could be obtained.

CYCLING and TOURING ROAD MAPS.—domi S.

GREEN, Stationer. Zte., B ridge-street, Warr ri ngton EXCELSIOR and NEW HOWE CYCLES,—OURLIND. Ironmonger, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
T.ECIINICA.L EMMA:PION IN RUNCORZ.T.

DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES BY SIR. W. MATHER;

Oa Wednesday night at the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom, Oreenwaysroad, Runcorn, the prizes woo if, connection with the Runcorn Technical Instructi.im Classes examinaCons held in April and May last, were distributed to the successful students by Mr. W. Mather, Chairman of the Castner Kellner Company, Weston Point. Mr. Samuel Taylor (ehtirman of the Runcrl Urban District Council) presided over the proceeding?, and there were present in addition to Mr. W. Wither and Mr. S. Taylor,the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood(vita) Rev. C. W. L.-Christien, Dr. McDougall. Messrs. E. Imison, C.C., F. J. Norman' J.P., A. R. Norman, J.P., i. W. Lightburn, J. Pritchard, F. Wiswall, W. Elankinson, J. La wrenson (headmaster), E. Marshall (qrcretary), J. Wilding (surveyor) and a crowded gathering of parents and students.

• Mr. Samuel Taylor, who was received with hearty applause, said they had assembled tie re that night to do honour to the pupils of the 'technical Institute.. The last session had been quite equal t the previous ones,end in fact he might say it ea. 4 exceedea all expectations. At an event, ic had been good, • and in every way satisfactory. Some pem'e at the commence• merit thought that after the first session all the interest wou'd lac and the pupils would not attend ia so large a number,but dye, had found, fortunately, that this hal not been the case. (Hear, hear.) The attendanceiand 'remits in every shape and form had ben satisfactory during the latt session. The day school which was started last session had also turned out very satisfaetory iredeed. They thought—as Some other people thought— that it might prove a failure, and were most aexious about its success. They thought that if they cued only get 70 pupils it would not b 3 so deubtful. It was piens- ing to mote, however, that this session they not only had- 70 pupils but reached a tirade over 100 pupils (applause.)—which was very ratistactory to every one. In fact, instead of the attendance tailing off, they felt satisfied that'the turning point ha] arrived, an i parents were beginning tie appreciate the ; good work that was being done and the pupils were beginning to take fuller interest in the work. lie would not take up any more time as thy had a eeritleman aim ongst them whom they felt proud of. (Applaus.). practically a iera.nger as far Although Mr. Mather was as his appearance on a public platform was concerned, he might say that Mr. Mather'a name was very familiar and had been so in Runcorn for some years, as that of a man takme a deep interest in education—and especi• ally technical education. He was happy to say teat Mr Mather was becoming so largely and so closely eonnected with Runcorn and the diArict, that they did not look upon him as a visitor and a stranger. (Rear, hear and• applauSe). Indeed he hoped that in the teture they might have many opportunities of seeing and yea-Leming Mr. Mather am ongit them. He was sure teat night tnet there was not one person Present whe Ui.l not freil proud to see himthere. . Mr. W. Mather, who was received wi h q site an ovation, delivered an a Imitable addresi up es educa- tional matters in general, and in the course of he re- marks said he thanked them for the very warm recep- tion he had received upon his firet aleeeara:xe on a Runcorn platform. Though the Chaiiman had inform° I !them that his name had been long Whore the Ruec ira public in connection with matters educational, he cm- sidered that the invitation extended to him to come and distribute the prizes to those successful students, was also due in a measure to the fact that be WaS cen. nected with the large chemical works of the Csstner 'C anner ComnatlY, situated at Weston Feint. It was possihly through the works that they had discovered there was such a person as himself. In connection with educational matters, during his par- tiamentary life, he had identified himself very much with education. Principally because it had been his gold fortune during his early youth to be educated abroad and from the time of his return from studies in Germany he had net failed to retain a deep interest in the impor- tance of the wark,and to urge the necessity of acquiring a similar regard for culture as they bad in Germany. That was the reasou of his deep interest in the work, and why he had responded to the chairmen's invitation to distribute the prizes to the successful students who hag done so remarkably well during the course of their studies. In considering the last year's report, whine he had before him, there was one fact that struck him, namely the decrease in the attendancee at some of the clasees, but after the Chairman's explanation the figures did not appear so bad. Probably the quality ha] been increased, it the quantity had decreased. Having quoted some facta from the reports for 18e8-97, and eB9e-98, the speaker proceeded. From the figures of 'the report he was led to think that Runcorn was suffer. lug from very much the same malady that affecte I very many other centres of industry. There was not as much benefit received out of the Technical Education as might be, if the ground had been fully prepar. d. In the first instance the classes were attended by numbi!re women, but there had been so of boys, girls, and young great a lapse between the time of their leaving school that the connecting link was hr ,ken, they were unpr, pared, and had to recommence with simple elementary work over again. It would tak3 numbets of years to attain that stage of prep aredeese necessary to otat tia satisfactory general results, and so save the fruitless, ness of night after night letting the good seed fall upon unprepared ground. They were distracted by competi- tion on all hands., Germany. Francs, Switzerland, Berlin, Spain, and chiefly America wee competing with them. S 3 it behoved them to encourage those earnest devoted minds that came to the classes and re- mained energetic and useful in alter years. (Hear, hear). Considering the vast amount of money sunk into 'these kind of schools there was at presont tint a poor return ; yet the time would semi when the laider of leducation would be perfect and the youth of England would step gradually from the lower to the higher rungs. Since 1870 and the institution of the el,mentary schools much had been done. Much was now being done in the work of secondary schools. Thanks to the enlightened authorities of Runcorn, the utmost encouragement and facility would be given to the young pupils of the town. The speaker dealt with the gradual education of the youth, who takers from the elementary school should have at least two years in a secondary one, and then on branching toot into the world of employ- ment there would be for him the Continuation, secon- , eery, and technical schools with which be could still remain in touch. (Hear, hoar.) The general cry,at the ' present time, was that England was going backward in the commercial world—it was an old cry, and often re- peated. It was not so, as he was well aware from his knowledge of other countries. Thanks to the indomit- able energy displayed ny some Englishmen. Yes, though beset by Germany, America, France, and other countries, England had lost little or nothing and had fairly held her own during the last 10 years. But the supply of such energetic men was not a coestant quantity and ha the future the state of England and its position , would be in the hands of the boys and girls of t r.day. It I would be for them to take and make hoed use of their opportunities and befit thernse'ves for the future. True, England had always possessed a cultured class mf em- ployers, foremen and managers—energetic and painstak- ing men, who put their brains into their weft. But the future would be regulated by all—the worlemen would have to mix his brains with his work—and so enable the standard of workmanship to meet those of criticism which in this present day had reached a very acute state. He reiterated that the only way of attaining that was to attain to knowledge so as to be able to ber.d the forces to the will. Another reason that England had been able to more than hold its own was that for a period of about 50 years, the continental countries were basily engaged in war, and trying to exterminate one another, whilst they in England were able to progress with their com- mercial affairs. Now, there was a changed aspent—war was b2comine more and more less likely to occur. Everyone was desirous of promoting peace. Even Ger- many, the most powerful military nation in the world where every man was a soldier, desired it. Then the Czar of Russia had gone so far as to issue a manifesto, with the object oe re- ducing the armaments of all nations. This all showed that they were all devoted to ths one object— and they in England must become devoted LOO. Referr- log to the love of sport, and the football and cricket fislds. the sneaker said it was a great mistake when the youag nought so much more of that kind of arnusernentl than of work. Tnev should not forget that physic& exercise should only be taken as r-creation ; it should be forgotten in the study of the schoolroom and the whole ! of the mind devoted to its work. If they persevered at their work, and amassed knowledgee-knowledge appli- cable te work—then the standard of work would beeome excellent, and not " Like the snow flake in the river. A moment white then gone for ever." (Applause.) The remainder of Mr. Mather's address referred to the harmony of both sides of the House of Commons in the desire for the promotion of education. More than a million sterling had been spent by muui- cipal authorities such as small towns like Runcorn, and cities like Manchester and Birmingham, but more would he spent when necessity arose. In cmclusion, be said it had once been said by a German who visited this ' country that England was 100 years before them in sanitation, but 100 years behind them in matters educa- tional. VVell,he (the speaker) lisped that England would keep 100 years ahead in sanitation ; an make up thrhe 100 years in education. (Loud and continued applame ) The prizes were then distributed. The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, in moving a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. W. Mather, said that when he attended he had no idea that he was going to listen to a gentleman who was such a master of his subject.Pcrhaps those present had not noticed with the same interest that he had, that the majority of those that came up for prizes were the working people, there were also some of the principal educational teachers in the town amongst these prize winners, and thus the working-classes would benefit again, as these teachers would be better fitted to impart knowledge to the children. He quoted figures from the return showing that of the total numbet of scholars but few exceptions were not of the class of people who had to work with their bands- There was

===== 0002601_18981021_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
AnmINCI: ACCIDSNT. AT BraKKN- , HE&D DOCKS.

THREE RUNCORN MEN DROWNED.

At a late hour on ?donlay, night an accident of an Unusual and alarming character took place at one of the Mersey docks on the Birkenheed side of the river. It appeats thee the steamer Blanche Reek approached the Morpeeh Deck entrance abeut tWo hours beforehigb Water witb a cansiderable way upon her, and before she Could bebrought up she dashed into the .outer gates of the dock, forcing them open. The-water in the dock; which at the time was about eight feet above the river level outside; rustled out with tremendous force and carried ' everything before it, the massive gates being dragged from their sockets in the wall aud hurled into the river. Ssveral veseals in the deck broke adrift, but fortunately they were not damaged. The Ship Canal Company had five flats trilongirag to Ruocora concerned in the disaster,viz.the James and the Cedar, which were; beached at Tranmere ;tee Alexandre the Chippendale and the Gertrude. We glean, however,' that with the exception of severe (Lamaze done to the Gertrude, which collided it is supposed with is portion of the dislodged dock gate, little damage has occurred to the vessels. It as expected that the heaviest loss will be in the nature of salvage. The Salt Uneou have Sustained great damage though they had but three flats concerned in the calamity. viz • the -book-out, sunk; the India, stranded on the river having boon beached by a tug-boat; and the Lord Stanley, wh!ce is reported half full of water, she had on board a cargo of chemicals for the Castner Kelluer Company's Works. Weston Point. The loss of property however, is not. unaccompanied by loss of life. Up to tee present three fiatmen (two of Runcorn. and one of Weston point), are reported miss- ing. And as every facility has been &tea by the police, the Mench-ster Ship Canal Company, the Salt Union :Company. and the Deck Board Estate authorities to obtain tidings of the men, nothing but the worst—that the men are drowned, and their bodies carried out to Sea by the rush of water, and the large tides th et are prevailing—can be concluded. The men missing are : Arthur Williams, captain of the James, aged 31 years, unmarried; who resided with his per !tits in Albert- strest, Runcoro; Walter Radcliffe,fittnean, aged 22 years married, leaves a wife and one child,reeitl.ne at Penketh- lane, Runcorn ; and Thomas Rutter, married, wife but no family, residing at Weston Point. What makee the affair most sad is that Williams is the second son who has met with a similar fate and he was a great in ale of supped to his aged parents. Ride in leaves ballad a wife and child, and naturally his loss is irrepereble ; but the most distressing ca 99 IS that of Teomaa Rutter, whose wife for some time has been In failing health,ani wb3 is now pros:rated uola a bed of sickness. Great sympathy is felt and expresed On all han is w:t a the sorrowing relations and friends of the missing men as ell were highly respected and well-liked. Rutter of Weston, was an universal favourite in his native village. On Wednesday Mr. E. Getter (secretary oh toe (Upper Mersev Waterinen's and Parter'is Association), issued a reward of £1 for the recovery of each of the bodies. Arthur Williams is described as thirty-pee years of age, light complexion, Sfc. 4in. in height, wearing brown corduroy trousers, cardigan jacket, and clogs. Walter Ratcliffe is aged twenty-two, Sit, in height, light Corn. plesion, ware on left side of eye, very thin, weariug brown corduroy trousers, guernsey, and clogs. Thomas Rutter was a hand of the ilat"Look-ant."Tee captain of which John Fogg only just managed to save himself from going down with the sunken flat by jume- ing off on to a passing tug. As Thomas Rutter beongs to the Weaver Weterman's Association, which has its head quarters at Winston, there is no information to hand as to what steps are ileinZ takes for the recovery of his body. Any information of the recovery of belies along any part of the Cheshire Coast will be everly welcomed at Runcorn. Little hope is entertained of the likelihood of the men having been picked up by ocean going boats, leaving the river the same nieht, as it is .generally expreesed something would have b el heard of them by tale tims. Still teen is a way or light in this quartet'. Mr. E. Gatley desires, on behalf of the Water:eon's and Porter's Association, to express the thanks of the Association to the Dock Board Estate, the Police, and tee Authorities of the Birkenhead Docks, for their valuable as43tance in giving the Association every facility, of telephone. telegraph, and temporary shelter far the ship•wracked detmen, and for enabling than to Institute a meat thorough search for the lost men. The Blanche Reck which caused the disaster is a three- Masted Steamer of 600 tons burthen, and is owned by Mr. Allred Rowlands. Stanley Park, Liverpool, a gent e• man well-known in Runcorn and neighbourhood. We Understand that the Blanche Rock which sustained little or no damage hal been impounded by the Morpeth Dock tuthoritiee impending the inquiry, and she now lies at the Morpeth Dock. The dock has be-on somewhat re- stored to working order, as the inner gates are being utilised as outer ones, and traffic, though handicapped, I. not entirely interrupted.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGA'rE.

---- PRESHNTATION TO A PADO&TS SCHOOLS OFFICI&L.—Miss A. Newman who for three years has been engaged as Girls' Industrial Trainer and Foster Mother at the Pad- ' staff, gate Cottage Homes was presented the other evening with a handsonn China tea service by the on the occasion of her approaching mirriage,as a token of their . esteem and good vrishes. Dr. Peacocks (medical officer) in making the presentation said, he had observed with pleasure the thoughtful and conscientious manner in which Miss Nowrnaa had coaducted her" Rome" and cared for the children entrusted to her charge. Her gained his highest admiration. He kind and sympathetic treatment of the sick children of her " Home " had wished her a long and happy married life. Mr. A. Wright (superintendent) said he greatly regretted dal swerancs of Miss Nowmaa's connattion with tee Insti- tution. She had given every satisfaction t 3 the Schools' Committee as well as to himself. She had received on behalf of the Guatclians from Mr. J. C. Suttea (clerk) a msst excellent testimonial. He hid great pleasure in asking her acceptance of a few small articles, tie gifts of the children of her " Home." He did not think any officer in Institutions of this kind could boast of a nobler testimonial than that cf gaining the esteem an affec- tion of the children. These little tributes from the girls were indications of Wes Newman's success in this direc- tion. He could assure her she carried away with her the best wishes of the Officers and children of thig In- stitution. Mr. J. Fairhurst (Farm Baitiff) also spoke in complimentary terms of Miss Newman. Miss Newman having thanked the offic:rs all children the company separated. DEATH OF Mit. I. It, BIICKTON.

It is with regret that we announce the death of Mr. James Rhoales Buckton, formerly a solicitor prictisin?, at Warrington, which event took place at is residence, Hollins Hey, New Brighton, en Tuesday afternoon. The deceased gentleman. who was 74 years of age, had a stroke some years ago, but until Tuesday went about much as usual,when he became unconscious. His medi- cal attendant, Dr. Craignoile, was sent for, but his ser- vices were of no avail, and Mr. Buckton passed away shortly after his arrival. Mr. Bucktem came to War- rington in 1868, when he bucame the second psrtner in the firm of Messrs. Marsh, Buckton, and Jeans, and on Mr. Marsh's retirement he was appointed joint clerk with the late Mr. James Nicholsun to the magistrates of the County Petty Sessional Division (Warrington and Newton). On the death of Mr. Nicholson Mr. Buckton was appointed sole clerk, an office he held until his retirement on the 31st December, 1890, when he was succeeded by Mr. Henry Greenall, the head of the firm of Messrs. Greenall and Buckton, solicitors, Winwick-at. The deceased was also for many Nears clerk to the Laud Tax and Income Tax Commissioners—a poslt,on now held by his son, Mr. J. Douglas Buukton. Toe deceased was a honorary membir of the Committee of the Infirm. ary, an institution in which at one time he manifested considerable interest. He leaves a sv,claw, two sons (Mr. J, D. Buckton and the Rev. Harold Buckion,of Wybun- lbar9),and two daughters.

ASK for CUNNINCitIAIK S HUM-CLASS MINERAL WATIIRS.—Advt, NSW RA.PID CXCLllS.—faanwatn, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHILD'S SAD DEATH AT RUNCORN.

CHOKED BY A PIECE OF BRED.

' At the Runcorn Police Court, on Tuesday morning, Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner, held an inquest on the body of Louisa Graham,aeed 4 years, daughter of Mi. Thomas Cowan Graham, Eilis'-court, Bridgewater-street, Run. corn,who died from suffecattoa on Friday last at about 330 o'clock, by reason of a piece cf bread becoming lodged in her throat. —Mrs Sarah Wilding, 58 Bentick- I street, said that deceased came to stay the day wita her on Friday last. She sent the child to fetch BOUM tread and whea she returned gave her a piece of bread and jam. That would be at about one o'clock. About 10 minntes after the child came hack crying, and apparently choking. She tried to put her finger down her throat,and patted her on the back, as witness noild see that the child was clinking. Subsequently she took the child lip in her arms with the inteation of taking her to Dr. Delany's, but was met by the Or. on the way.—Cacitsin James Heasley, Marine Superintendent, of the Manchester Ship Canal Conipahy said on Friday no was washing his hands when his daughter ran in and told him that " Louie Graham was dying" or "dead" ;he did not quite recollect the exact expression. He ran to the front gat, without stopping to wipe his hands, and saw the girl in the arms of some lady--(he believed her grandmoqier)—who was distrac- ted. anthexclaiming "She is dead !" "She is dead "! He took the child from her, and said • she was not dead. Then he rarawith her into his dining-room and with great difficulty opened her, mouth. Ile put his finger down but could find nothing. He also felt along the gullet but there was nothing there. Opening the child's mouth a second time he poured a little spirits do wnher throat, and that seemed to immediately restoie the heart's action, bat it Only beat, perhaps, for one, two,or even three feeble throbs.* Seeing then that the child was dead, he returned her to her grandmother and sent her to the li.ctor's. He afterwards heard that the Doctor •pronounced her dead.— Dr. J. B. Delaney, Runcorn, stated that h 3 went at once oa being summoned, and met Mrs Wilding. bringing the child, when he was by the South Bank Hotel. Toe child was then apparently dead. He got permission from the landlady of the South Bank Hots!, who ha would take the opportunity of saying was very kind in. deed, to take the child in there for the parpase of es- &mining it. Hs searched the back of the throat, and passed a probe into the stomach. Nothing c Line up, but he may have possibly Pushed something down. Meer- tattling that life was extinct he did nothing more. In his opinion, death was du s to asphyxia,—suffocating chok- ing, brought on by the child taking a sudden iaspiration —probably a fit of coughing coming on,and some portion of the bread became impacted in the larynx. This would I all °emir' in just as silent a space as he took to describe it and was sufficient to cattle suclea death.—The Coroner said that it was plainly a ease of " Accidental death" brought about in the manner described by the doctor.— Toe jury returned a verdict accordingly, and wished to have it recorded that they highly commended the con- duct of Captain Heasley, for his humans and prompt action in toe matter.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON •01 vivIES ATHLETICS.

AND

RUGBY FOOTBALL. r The County conte,t between Lances!lir.) and Cheshire was the cause of League matches being se few aad far between on Saturday. Warrington was one of the clubs to indulge in a" friendly," their opponents be:ng Bar- row,and the match was interesting above, the run of or- dinary friendlies from one or two reasons. Barrow and Warriagt3a are old opponent, and at one time used to meet regularly and fiat hard fur victory, while the die- way giyea by the Northerilers was always noted for its open, interesting eharac:er. Then again Barrow and Warrington are drawn to min.; each other in the first round of the cuo-ties towards the latter end of the sea- son. Saturday's trial of strength between the two teams was thus one of unusua.l interest.. As far as the result went, Warrington have no reason to be dissatisfied with Snelr draw in round orte,of the cup competition,but they will have nothing to throw away when the time come,.

Like, other North-trn clubs Barrow play a heavy team. Both forward and back they area balky lot, and indeed looked a formidab'e combination wnen they stepped in- to the arena, gamed in their striking black and red jerseys and stockings. Apropos of inseys, I mast not forget to mention that the borne L.:am turned out clad in new apparel. My re narks of last week bore extra. ordinarily sudden fruit. Trio primrose and blue looked very gay an I if the colour would only last, there would not be much room for f .ult finding.

In the Warrington team was included J. Fish, late of Lostock Graham, who played wing-tnequarter. There had been muca talk about him in tue town, and the crowd was rather anxious to se, how he would acquit himself in "fir,t-class', company. Let me say at once that he pleased the critics. Re is young, and rather smaller than one could hwe wished, but no showed un- mistakable sighs of clevernt Si and activity. Flis speed was apparently not very great, bat the way he dodged about and "wen: io-" the line gni highly satisfact)ry. Cross playol to Min ia nJo: svle, qr he NvJuld have shorn' up evon be;ter, but as it was I think the commit- , tee are t ) too c..n r i 0 h tvin4 secured a wing- thre-qqatter Qt great promise. I hope he fulfils all ex- pect ations.

--- Though rai hid fallen heavily in Ch.! marniag, another fine afterevin favour ,d the footballers, and a high wind -ioon dried tha'grou.d Warringcsn s:artel off in brilliant style, and some of the passinz move• meats were a great improvement on anything done , previously this season. The wind was on the side of the homesters, and the forwards Playing with dish gave the backs every opportunity. Naturally everybody was aniious for the ball to come Fish's way, but for a time Ile was not tested. At last a sAries of exchanges in midfield gave him p')ElJession, and putting in all he knew the youngster raced in at the corner, just as half the Barrow back division came down on him. It was a fine I try splendidly gained, and the cheer that want up eclipsed anything beard at Wilderspool far a long time. A youngFter noir M 9 remarked very reflectively 0 Ele may be a Fish, but there's no cod' about him." Those who heard, including himself, enigg.red. For a rtreet urchin, as the punster was, this was far from bad.

-- Before Fish's try, Mateo had successfully negotiated a penalty goal, but he failed to improve the three-pointer, gained by Fish. Play continued in Warrington's favour and another shout was heard as Isherwood coolly dropped a goal from a good position. Athalf.time War- rington held a Irad of 7 poiotr to nil. Tee second moiety opened in similar vela tiGli before Barrow had properly combined, a clever movement by the home backs cul- minate I in a try to Ashurst which was likewise not im- proved upon. Frem this point Barrow suddenly rallied and had nearly all the game to the close. Forward they beat Warrington heap's and got the ball nine time, out of ten. After much exertion they were retarded by a goal from the foot of Proctor, and soon after by a try from Treweeke. At the finish of a pleasant game Barrow were credited with five points and Warringtm with tea.

Taking them all round Barrow are a very good lot. They pass well, and work hard, while the whole of the backs seem to be on a par, and not good and bad mixed, like their neighbours of Morrnambe. lam surprised that the latter succeeded in beating the Barrovians in last year's test matches. for the seccmd division club play far better football and show superior combination. En Bosrdinan.Proct)r.McGivern,and Treweeke,they have smart backs, while the forwards are excellent. I wish Virstrington had 531129 of the weight and energy of the B3Trow front rank. They need

On the home side, all piayed well, and it is difficult to single out tiny for sp,•ciat praise. Bat!, Ashurst and Isherwood—and Fish of course—were the best behind the serum," s hile Mason.Nsyler. Hatton and Deakin were ever on the ball in the forwards.

To-day (Saturday) the team goes to Rochdale, to en- gage the Hornets, who have done very badly of late, though they gave Broughton Rangers a warm time on Saturday. Warrington have met with varying success at R:Cidale, but they ought to secure the verdict on this occasion. They cats win if they try, I am sure, and from all ac- smuts they mean business. Crois has been dropped for Duckworth, who played a great game for the "A" team. By the way the juniors accomplished a grand psrfor- mance at Swinton, for after being in a minority of 7 points at half-time they piled on a scor,, of 2 goals and 3 tries in the second half, and won comfortably. They have an eve on the "A" team championship, and their chances are much fancied seeing teat they have accoun- ted for both %lines and Swinton.

The" A" team against 11-ichdale Hornits " A " in- cludes another new man in Vie person of a forward named Barnes, who hails from Irlam dirsction. Fle is on trial and will have an opportunity of showing his worth before a ‘Varrington crswd ts thy.

The positions of the club in the Lancashire League and the results of matche3 up to date are as tollows Against. P. Vr. L. 1). G. T. P. 0. T. P. P. Broughton Ran 6... 6.. 0... 0.13 24- 93... 1 2- 8...12 Widnes 6... 6... 0... 0.. 613- 51.. 3 0- 6...12 Swinton Salford - 87 3 9...11 6... 5... L.. O.- 3 13- 45... 3 2- 12...10 , Old harn - 73.- 6 7- 33... 8 I St. Helens - 48... 2 10- 34... 6 Warrington 6... 2... 3... 1... 3 5 - 21... 0 10- 30... 5 Lelgh 7... 2.- 4.- 1... 9 12- 54... 4 15- 53... 5 Wigan Tydlesley - 29...10 17- 71... 4 Runcorn ....... 2.- 3.- 0... 3 2 - 12... 5 12- 46... 4 Rochdale Hornets 5... 2... 3... 0... 5 3- 19...14 16- 76... 4 Stockport .......... 6... 0... 6... 0... 2 4- 16...18 21- 99... 0 Morecambe - 4... 7 20- 74... 0

===== 0002601_18981021_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
mm • i . min...1.0.W....

F"._sKIN RUGS Dressed Cleaned, and Lined Fur alterations of every description. B. Coax s Manufacturing Furrier, 21 Renshaw-otreet, Liverpool. Es- tablished 24 years

===== 0002601_18981021_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
TUN FAMOUS L. AND I. TAWNY FLAKE TOBACCO.

THE SWSETEST AND COOLEST SMOKE

ON EARTH,

IN loz. AND 20z. .FOIL, 4d PER OZ, TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BLS WICK, 58, IiORSEIIARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

THE GALE. MORE WRECKS. Ytsterday the Royal mail steamer Prospero arrivad in Tyne twos Chris:iania, three days overdue, reporting terr.fio • weather in the North Sea. On Wednesday Captain Killberg and five ot tiro ere* belonging to the Swedish s;eamer Sigrid, from Odle to Wtutloy," were taken off from their Wade!, whims was • diacasszed and water-logged. fh3 chief officer ot Imo Sigrid refused ta abandon toe vessel and was left abiard. It is supposed that the setoo,ner would go to pieces in a few hours. The barque Coast Castle has arrived in the Tees. The crew report that the captain was washed overboard at sea.

The Swedish thre?-masted schooner Axel, which left

Hull eight days ago iI)I72OW&Cd bound with coals, sprang a leak during me recent gale, and foundered on Wed- nesday morning off May island, Fitestitre. The crew of nine were rescued by another Sivedisa sailing vessel, and were transferred to a tug and lauded ac Leith yesterday. .

A Noreiart titber laden vessel [lmA th 3 Sippora, d Tonsberg, vrout asnore duri.g severe gale on Wed- nesday night at Colliestoooiberaeensnire, and io a short time broke up, one only of tne crew being saved. The large Norwegian barque Dora is ashore at 831.11* riser Stile, on the Northumberland coast. She is dote. het, and the fate of her crew is unknown. The shore twin Berwick to Goswick is strewn wits wreckage.

The Norwegian schomer Levan woos astlore at Aberdeen yesterday. The craw of six was savedby the lifeboattaud tlu vcssel Wall afterwards got off and taken into harbour. _ _ _

The emigran:; went Astrae horn Sweden arrived at

iluli yesterday, after a terrible voyage. The botti wain was killed by a bevy sea.

FRENCH. WAR PREPARATIONS. PIiACTISLNG NIGHTLY ATIACKS AT TOULON. • PARIS, TRU Rs AY . Special telegrams fram Toulon and Brat to tth" Eatio

de l'aris " nal COafttin tbe reports of toe strenuous efforts France is making to get ready for possible war with England. Last ?siva, a; 'Eamon, four t,rpecle bats were told off to a:tempt to force the harbour dur- ing the night. The result Is not yet known. At mid- night he whole garrison was under arms, and tile torts and batteries were ready for action.

LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST The following forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four hours in the nctr:h-west of Eagland (includ- ing Manchester, Liverpool, and Holyhead) was issued at the Meteorological Office a: tiles o'clock yesterday afternoon ; Southerly and South-wasterly winds, freshening. Cloudy, unsettled, some rain.

CAPTURE OF AN ESCAPED CONVICT. The mail Smith, who esciped trom Pentonville prison on October 1, was arrested yesterday afternoon in a public houss in Dalston-line, London. He was seen in the hause in coinpany with a womin, and the police at once attempted to secure him. He made a desperate attempt to regain his liberty, and knocked two or three of the palicamen down. Eventually- eight constables secured him and took him to the police station.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER ACCIDENT ON THE GREAT ChNTRAL.

An alarming accident occurred on Wednesday at Victoria Station. Sneffield, on the Grea: Central Railway. A number of empty carriages were b3ing shunted on to the main line when, owing to a mistake the points were shifted, and a heavy bogey carriage ran off the line, ploughing up the permanent way and bursting the main gas supply, which Immediataly ignited. The down main lice was completely blocked for some hours. Yesterday morning the traffic was proceeding as usual

===== 0002601_18981021_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
A. WOMAN STRAN-GLED IN

BIRMINGHAM. Yesterday afternoen a single woman namel Mary Ana Allton,the owner of a fair amoant of small house property in the neighbourhbod of her dwelling. was found strangled to death in her house in Latimer-straet, Banamglia a, a rater poor quarter of the city. There was no trace of the murderer or murderers, but the desire for gain is clearly at the bottom of the matter.

TRIBES IN CONFLICT. ON, THURSDAY. Fighting is proceediaz on the Moor.sh frontier between tie Djad and Menaya tribes, and Lhe former is reported to have been alraast annihilated.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
0 RMSKI RK ELECTION.

THE HON. A.. STANLEY RE TURNED. Tne nomination took place yesterday f4r the vacancy Caus9d in the parliamentary division of Ornaskirk by the death of Sir Arthur For wood (C.) No opposition was • off:red to the Hon. Ar tour Stanley (C), and he Was duly elected. At- the la3t cenena election Sir Attliur For- wood's majority was 2.895, the figures being Forwood (C), 4,780 ; Stone ([4,1,885.

DEATH OF A CHESHIRE BARONET. Sir Charles Watkin Shakerley, Bart, C. 8., died at Sernerford Park, Cheshire, yesterday morning. Ile had been ailing for some time, but his death was not immediately expected. He was the second baronet, and married the daughter of Mrs. Ackers, of Moreton Hail, Cheshire. He leaves three sons, the eldest being Colonel Sttakerley, of Wilmslow. The deceased baronet ,was connected with the Fifth Cheshire Volunteers from the formation, and retired a few years ago with the rank of colonel. He was born in 1833, and succeeded Lis father, the first baronet, in 1857. In the year 1863 he filled the office of High Sheriff of Cheshire.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTO-N HEATH.

Jnlsmn SAL.—Oa Saturday aftereoon a jumble sale in connection with St. Thorn%s's Church was held in the Church Room. The Rev. S. P. Gray opened the pro. ceedings. Over £4 was realizsd. WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH

===== 0002601_18981021_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
OF WARRINGTON.

Week Ending Saturday Bth October, 1893. During the week the tohowin; births and delths were registered :

Births. Deaths. Warrington Registration District 58 29 The excess of births over deaths was 29. The Birth Rate was equal to 489 per 1,000 of the population. . _

The death-rate from all causes was equal to 24 per 1,000, against 271 the average of the previous 4 weeks, and against 151 the corresponding period of last year. The death rate from th• seven chief zvmotic diseases was equal to , 4.9 per I,ooo,against 11.3 the average rate of the previous 14 weeks, and against 2-5 the corresposding period of 1897. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 15 2 1 1 6 4 29 The deaths included-6 from diarrhcea, 6 from lung diseases, 1 from been disease, 16 from all other [caws,. The following cases of infectiouq disease have been reported during the week:—Eateriz fever, 2 cases. Total number of patients in hospital for week ending Bth Oct+ber, 14.

- METICOSOLOOY—Tho meals temperature was 53 Fah., and theretore 5 deg,. higher than the preceding week. IThe maximum temperature 70F., was recorded on the 3rd inst., and the minimum temperature 39F., on the 2nl inst. The rainfall measured •02 inch. The general direction was S.E. the reading of the anemometer denoting 265 miles.

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

We Guarantee Satisfaction! Sufferers from Gravel. Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys Bladder. Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout will find a Positive Cure in Holdroyees Gravel Pills. To, a mall box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price, Is lid.. of all Chemists. or HOLDROYD'S. Medical Hall post free for 15 stamps, from Cleckheaton. Yorks. Sod at 3d, , Bridge-street, Warrington. Don't be put off. If you cau- -1 not get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sent next post.—Advt

WANTBD,good (THISHIZA.L SHRVANT, family of two. plain cooklnz.-16, VrrE GR2r E. Eccles Old-road. Pendleton. Manchester.

VIRICRAH, near Elackpool GROCERY BUSINRSS. for HELLITLLL. dispoial, owing to death. Stook. household furniture everything. Good chsnces for beginner, Station-road.

- ENIEIRAL. b 3 WANTED, COOK-G v the 3th . , -' - good refer. enees. Apply by letter only, F.. Langdon Hoag*, Victoria Park, gancbester.

'lmo Portable ENGINES, 8 and 10 horse. also Mortar Mill, 7ft pan, in good working order.--G.w. BAWSON. Lower CruusPs6l-1, Manchester,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18981021_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.If I 5 if 4 15

===== 0002601_18981021_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

is seldom that any diavvery of since i 3 stnh a 3

will benefit all classes of people. of the greaten discoveries of the age, while they hav3 proved direetly beneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, Injured other thousands. Even some of the beet medi- cinal prepar atione. however much they may do to re, move one class of disease, or suit some constitutio es, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease. or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one Class of patients, they may injure another. Now the great need of the age is some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the preva- lent diseases of this country, which wi 1 be certain to d good when fairly tricdwhich will be equally adapted no the needs of the merchant and the workman, the pro- fessional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory leand,the miner, and the roadside labaurer.lt should be, too, such a preparation as contains an injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate laiy, as well as by the stronger constitu- ted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would I indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now tkis much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved,it has been ' found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilson Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried,hae , been always recommendei, and has proved successful when all other medicine has failed to give relief, and we may say turther, that it has proved permanently benefi cial, when other preparations at best only gave temper- ary'relief. It is strongly vcommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache. Pains in the Sida, Giddiness,Loss of Appetite,also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleeplessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits, and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness, either after an illness, long confinement to ill-ventilated rooms, or any other cause. It strikes at the source of Oe Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts of the system whieh have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Owilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by diseaself you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerve., and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excel- lent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in bottles at 2s 9.1. and 43.6 d. eack,but should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the Proprietors will forward same for the above pricers, carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing, see the name, " Gwilym Evans," on Label, Stamp. and Bottle. Sole proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturicg Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE M A.UIST 11A. eEd.

EkSgAULT mt A WOMAN IN A PTTELIC 110179 E.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Wednet- day before Mr. It. T. Fairclough (in the chair) and Messrs. Birdsall and Geddes, John James Johnson ef Silver Square, was charged with assaulting Ehzabeth Bowen on October 15th. Dsfendant pleaded not guilty. Asked if she had got her witnesses, the complainant sail she had seen them at 9.30 but they were not present now.—The Chief Constable said he knew considerable pressure bad been brought to bear upon the girl not to appear against defendant, and men had been going about terrorising the witnesse. Be thought their wor- ships would not allow the ends of the law to be interfered with in that manner. Elizabeth Bowen said on the Saturday night in question she was going nut for sixpennyworth of brandy for her baby. She met a friend and went into a public houss. The defendant came to them and after some words, struck her with his fist. Be again struck her aril blacked her eye.—The defendant said he went int the public house for a drink, and after being in the bar for an hour went into another room and saw complainant. She commenced to call his child. She struck at him twice. the second time catching him in the mouth. He struck her back again.—The Chairman : Where was the land- lord? Defendant : Oh, knocking about the place.— Joseph Owen said Elizabeth Bowen calls' defendant a " yellow faced pig" and defendant gave hr a "clout" across the month making her nose bleed.—William Burke and Mary Bata ave evidence. The Chief Con- stable.said he would like to say that the police were ex- periencing very considerable difficulty in dealing with the people of that neighbournood. He thought an ex- ample ought to be made of some of them,or there would be crimes of serious violence committed.—The Chairman said the evidence revealed the lowest state of affairs, he had come in contact with. since being on the bench in Warrington. The plaintiff deserved to be punished but she was not charged. The defendant would have to go to gaol f.,r one month with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WALRRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRlDAT.—Before Dr: Gomall.(trt the chair). the Mayor,

-- • Course'llcr Smethurst, and Mr. James Hepheri.

T1MP...0-1;;11.71trr/rouir—T.111.r. C.H. Unsworth applied on behalf of Brolly Powell. for temporary authority to sell at the Vulcan Inn. Da(lam-lane, in place of her husband Henry Powell. —Granted. CHMIGit or AssirrtY DISMISS/M.—Patrick Gallagher was summoned for assaulting Mary Sinnott on the lOth October. —Mr. A. Browne appeared for the defence and Mr. Porshew for the complainant.—Mr. Vershaw said the complainant resided in Dallarn-lane. On Monday she walked out and saw a crowd at the Three Pigeons. The defendant was behaving in a very excitable manner, and struck his client in the faca and knocked bet down.—Mary Sinnett. 3 Tanner's-lane. said defendant struck her twice In the face knocking her down.— By Mr. Browne: She bad never spoken to defendant In her life.—James Broderick, Dallam-lane, corrob wated.—Mr. Browne said he would take advantage of the new Act and put the defendant on oath.—Patriok Gallagher. 72 Back Dallam- lane, said on Monday night about 6.30 complainant came towards his door, used had language, and called him names. He did not touch her; was never even within ten yards of her.—Martha Allen Crosby. 58 Dallam-lane, corrobomted,and added that etarnolainant fell over a child and said "If people would mind their children, people would not tall over them." Complainant was drenk.—The other witnesses corroborated and the benzts dismissed the ease. ALLEGED ILLTREATMENT 07 A Honare.—ltalph Hague, Firelane, West Leigh, was summoned for working a hors, whilst in an unlit state on the sth October.—Defendan' pleaded not guilty.--Inspeetor Greatrex R.S.P.C.A.. said about 11-55 on Wednesday the sth October he was in the Pig Market. The defendant was in °barge of a mare which he ytettced was restless. He asked if Its back was right and then requested it to be taken out of the shafts. When the saddle was taken off he found it was suffering from what was called "saddle crush " Witness said the animal was not in a At state to go out of the town until the harness was eased. The defendant had this done.— P.C. Fish corroborated and Ser- geant Dean said there were two large wounds on the back. They were sore and it was ernelty to work the animal.— Thomas War')urton. Leigh, witness for the defence said the horse was not suffering. It had never lost a day.—The Chairman said they did not consider It a serious case and would dismiss it on payment of costs.

SATURDAY —Before Mr-. Thomas Birchen (In the chair), and Mr. B. T. Tairclough. Trncrr Be APPRENTIOS.—Tidwin Jones Lewis. a Tenth. was charged with stealing on tbe 6th Oatober Boston lever watch and metal chain value 30. the property of his master —Defendant pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable said the defendant was apprenticed to Mr. Henry Weisby, painter, 161. Church- street. and had served three years. On Wednesday the sth inst. Mr. Weisby hung his watch up In the house. and about 6 o'clock the following mornln found It gone. Ellis who lodged with him was also missing. Nothing was heard until the 13th. when defendant CFIRIM back and told his master he had pawned the watch aad chain for bs in Manchester. Mr. Weisby brought him to the Police Station. and he was liberated on hail. Mr. Weisby three years age brought the defendant from a home in Swinton. He did not wish to be vindictive in the proseaution, but would leave the matter In the bands of the bench.—By the Chairman Mr. Welsby said his behaviour had been good until he began reading penny novelettes. —The bench recorded a conviction against -defendant and said they hoped it would be a warning to him. THEFT PROM Plamtra.—Henry Cavell. labourer, was charged with stealing on the Bth inst. from the house of his mother. 116. Longford-street, a lady's shawl, two aprons. and a man's shirt and vest. value 15s.—The Chief Constable said about hilt-past six on Saturday, Mr. Dagnall, prisoner's lather. I( cited the home up. The Prisoner was mar, led, and resided at 112 Longford-street. When the prosecutor came home he found the house broken into in two ways. The window of the scullery behind had been broken, and a window upstairs had been forced. He looked round and found the articles mentioned missing. The prisoner had left a letter under the door admitting the heft, and stating that the articles had been Pawned for 3s 91 by a man named Morris. 'He exonerated Morris from any knowledge of the theft. They had spent the proceeds in drink. The prisoner had sena great deal of trouble to his parents. —The Chair- man said they considered it vcry bai of a young man like him to rob his parents, and he woold he s-nt to gaol for one month with is rd labour. DUBE AND DISORDitRLET.—James Smith and Thomas Holt militia men, were lined 5. for this offence at Msrket Gate on Friday night Jane Wftterworth was charged with the offenee at the police station on Pridty night. P.C. Marsh —The Chief Constable said the worn sn arisahmp roved the case wee always either in the workhonss or In gaol. When she ° was allowed ont of the workhouse she would get drunk cnd go to the pace station and muse a row. The Bench sent her to prison for a month with hard labour. MonnaY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair). Mr. T. W. Monks, Ar. !Archon, and Councillors ,shavr, Green. and

Smethurst. ASSLULTING 1 POLICE COYSTAELE:—Jarnes Moffatt, 4, Jolley's-yard, was charqed with assaulting P C. J w. In Jolief's-varg at 7.45 on Saturday nlght.—Defendmt Pleaded guqty.—P.C. Smith stated vie he SAW the d fendant strike his wife, who had a child in her arms. 11. i cautioned defnridant about his conduct, and d”fen .ant thm struck him twice on the ehest. He brought hirn to the Police Station.— The Chief Constable said the defendant was respectably con- nected. He was under s'r provoca.ion when he struck his wife. He had been locked up for three hours, because the polleollltlifkileighbourhood were obliged to assert them. selves. The Justice of the Mile, he thought, might be met by recording a conviction.—The magistrates artreed. SCEEE WIIIWICK-sTßEgT.—Andrew Crowley'. Longford. teuyee.. arid Patrick Miller were chsrized with being drunk and disorderly in Winwick-Areet, at H 30 on Saturday night. and with assaulting Bdward Pve and P.O. BernBth-11r. y. manager for 41r. B V. Morton. pawnbroker. 62. Wins/rick-street. said he was Closing the shop at 11.30 Oh Saturday night when defendar ts began using filthy language, and witness asked them to walk away. Both defendants

then kickei and !truck him. P. 0.5 Barnett and Redlington came up, and arrested the defendaats. There was a crowd of between two and three hund-ed people there,—P C. Barnett etated that when he was tilting Miller into custody he (defendant) struck him on the nest and tore his tunicend with assistance h, carried him to toe Police Station.—P.C. Reildington cotroborated.—The Chief Constable said that Winwick-road was very routh at present, in consequence of the men employed at the Winwick Asylum. It was going to be a thorn in their side. —Miller was fined 103 and costs. and Crowley 53 and coats. THE Loser lc+ NUIS Xi" fruit hawkers named Thonme Bannister, 53, Kerfoot-street ; Ernest Pownall, 35, Town-hill; George Flanaghart2,oropper'B-brow; and Thomas Ellisor , 2. P7arburton's-yard. Navlor-street were summoned for obstructing the footpath outside the Central Station, on October 7th.—Eletective Deiahay said that at 10-50 on the day in question he observed the defendants obstructing the footpath outside the Central Station. They stood on the foot- path for 25 minutes. He had cautioned each of them many times.—The Chief Constable said Plaiagban had made 20 appearances. These surnmonees were the outcome of a great deal of watching.—Bach defendant was fined 53 end costs, or seven days. AN IMPUDENT BEGGAR.—John Edwards, no fixed abode was charged with begging in S snkey-street and Horaernarket- street. at 7-35 on hunday night--P.O Turner said he saw prisoner begging in Sankey-street. He followed him into Iforsemarket-street, and saw him tale bold of someone by the coat and ask him for money. When refused money prisoner used bad language and the officer took him into custody.—P.C. Whittaker corroborated.—The Chief Con- stable stated that prisoner had made 35 appearances.— Prisoner was sent to spiel for 14 days' hard labour. Deo AT LARGE. Gallop, herbalist. 69. Butter- market-street, was summoned for allowing his dog to be at large without a muzzle on October 6tls.—The Chief Con- stable said that Mr. Gallop had bean summoned four times for his dog. —A fine of is was imposed. THE BATHS HOTEL—ALTERATIONS.—Tho Town Clerk ap- plied on behalf of the Corporation to r,- eke alterations to the Baths Hotel, at the corner of Sankey- treet and Golborne- street. He said the sanitary arrangements of the house were very bad, and they would be considerably improved if the alterations were carried out. They prol3sed to take in rim house In Golborne-etreet adjoining the B the Hotel, and make *neither bedroom. They also wanted io make another door to the house.—The Chief Constable said u behalf of the Watch Committee he visited the house. ant the proposed alteration* would materially Improve the sal;itary arrange- ments.—The magistrates granted the appllcatioa. ADULTERATED MlLlC.—doseph Caldwell, Milk-dealer 152 I Winwiek-road, was summosed for selling adulterated riellk.—lnspector Norman said that on the 25th September, a, 2.30 a m.. he rook samples of milk from defendant's cart and submitted them to the public analyst. There was 15 per cent, of water in it.—Defendant stated that he had had loss ' with his cows, and he had to buy milk. He said he had always had a good name for milk. and be had never had any think wrong with it before.—A fine of 20s and costs (21 9s), I was imposed. the maximum being £2O. SETTMG 0/7 FIREWORKS.—WIIIIIIIII Alin's& (12). 3 Gordon Terrase. Marsh House-lane, was summoned for setting off fireworks in Mersey-street, on October 8; and Arthur Praeger (15). 168 Liverpool-road. Frederick Wooley, (15) 60 Thewlis- street, Horace Wareham (12).41 Green-street,were summoned for the same offence in Mill-lane on Oetober 12th. Mr. Lowe farmer, said the fireworks were set off dangerously close to his hay stack. All four defendants were fined 25 Sd each. ORDER TO DELIVER ye AN APPRENTICE.—CoIoneI B. J. H. Spratt, commanding the Bth and 40th Regimental Districts was summoned to deliver over William James Fairhurst the apprentice of Frederick Richard Dixon Rattail, glass bottle manufacturer St. Helens. The application was made under Section 96 of the Army Let which provides that the master shall take an oath before a justice of the puce, for the granting of a eertificate.and the mart should then if satis- fied make an order upon the commanding officer to deliver up the apprentice. The bench expressed themselves satisfied and an order was made upon the commanding officer. Mixon OVIPENCEE.—Mary Fisher, 2. Bakehouse-yard was summoned for being drunk and disorderly at that place on October Bth—P.C. Smith proved the Mee and a fine of 5s and costs was imposed. Martha Sutchff I. 3, Buckley's yard. 2lavdock -street was summened for the same offence in Win- wick-street, on October 10th. Police evidence was given. Mr. Shilicock of the Bay Horse Inn corroborated. The de- fondant used most abusive language to his wife. The bench lined defendant 5s and easts.—Blizabeth Kearns. 18, Silver- street. for the same offence, thls making her 12th appearance was fined in a like amount. Themes Longshaw, wiredrawer, 4. Dolans-yard, pleaded guilty to using obscene Language on the Bth October. The CASS was proved and defendant fined be and costs.

WEDNESDAY.—Before lir..R Faint-04th en the ehattLand

_ Messrs. Birohall and Geddei. GNAWING A BONE."—Williant and Catherine Dinear were charged with being drunk and disorderly at Market Gate on Tuesday afternoou.—P.O. Bruen said the two defen- dants were standing at the corner of flank-street at about five minutes to five **cloak. The male prisoner was gnawing a bone They were drunk and quarrelling. lie moved them more than once. Several complaints bed been made by shopkeepers that they were "complete pests."—laspeuor Phillips corroborated.—The bench deed them Ss and costs

A DESERTER We/BING STCIL6M ARTICLZI.—aeOrg Edwards was charged with deserting from H.M. South Lancashire Regiment. —The Chief Constable asked for a re- mand as the prisoner was wearing a number of articles, the proceeds of • burglary at Orford Barracks on the night of August Ist. fhe prisoner was arrested on Tuesday night as deserter. He was i stranger to them and refused to give an account of himself or his oareer before being in the Army. —lie was remanded for a week. DIDN'T LUCE Trot AliMr."—llatthliti Pie, was charged with deserting from H.M.'s Battalion. Liverpool iteziment of Militia, stationed at Orford Barred(' on let July. The officer said he arrested prisoner about 8-30 on Tuesday night in Winwick-street. The prisoner told him he did not like the Army and got over the will one night and walkei from Warrington to Wigan, sad Wigan to rrescot.—The bench granted the oftlaer tks usual reword, and reosiridot th prisoner to await an. escort.

WARRINGTON COUN f Y PENA' SESSIONS. W EDNESD LI" . —Before Mr. Comber (in the Chair) and Messrs. J. Crostield and J. White. TEMPORLRY AUTIORITII.—Mr. Worsley applied on behalf of John Schofield Barlow, for temporary authority to sell at the Swan Inn. Maggots, until the transfer day at Newton, on November 24th.—The police offered no objection, and the applieation was granted. UNZEOIITERXD LODGING MOUSES AT WlNWlCE.—Po.trick Huban, Winwick.was summoned for keeping an unregister-d radeng_house. Inspector Kerfoot, who prosecuted on behalf of the Rural District Council. said he visited the house on the 7th inst.. and found eight male lodgers there. This and several other cases had arisen in consequence of the influx of workmen to the New Win wick Asylum.—eimilar CMOs was a°l:l3dalila.rrlet Millingtoa. Tao Chair- man Kilroy, Mary Biddle• I would be Imposed. as there was sptoronvee,tßaltaabletthll9Lnivvps.a.lty 1. of Ignorance in the matter. Defendants were ampoanessiabidniatynominal liable to a penalty of 25, bat they would only be fined 13a. !Baton. on Assam= 311XY0N.-31Artin Mena. 0: BAllymeaa. was that he lOUenaith 6'l thi rt—waClos rat ne" pit tolii nntang Michael:ptatb tiwo Ash ouFuni:cre trags tr,o ou tilaxttot say oa that a and deiendan I bother arose about defendant's brother. Defendant knocked him (complainant) down and kicked hit-IL—Defendant was 'sada ad to pay the costs. 6s 6.1. ALLEGED CRUELTY TO • UORSE —.TAT/ Naylor, write- tioner. of Warrington, was summoned for ill-treating a band by working it while in ars unfit condition at Wooiston on Oetober lOtta—P.O. Bellinger stated that he saw defendant ' with the horse in Manohester-road. The animal was in a very bad state, and appeared to be lame. It Wl3 not at for work. He told defendant to walk it. The ;aimsi wee so weak that on starting it tumbled and fell baok on its haunches. Witness then took it into a stable, and subs- fluently took It to the Ocoasional Court for the znaglstrstes inspection. They ordered it to be destroyed.—lnspec'or Greatrix said he examined the horse on the lalth. It was an old brown gelding. very weak and in poor condition. It WM suffering from general debility, and was only skin and bone. —Defendant said he bought the horse to have it destroyed. lie fastened It behiad his van. and walked it along the road. —A Mr. Nightingale, the previous owaer of the horse, said he sold it so that It might be destroyed. Defeadant gave him 141 ter case was dismissed. STRAYING 3-10133 ES AT SANKEY —James Collin, Sankey. Was summoned for allowing three horses to stray on the high- way at Sankey. on September 30th.—P.C. Degaale proved the case.and said he had previously cautioned the defendant, —Defendant said he locked the gate of the a:l'LL—The case was dismissed. Iliimuzzurra Dool.—Kerl Bmil Markel. dell.tea'. was fined 7s6d for allowing two, dogs to be at large unmuzzled on October 14th —Sarah Athorton was flood ss. fora similar offence " ONLY A PRANM."--Trank Johnsoi wat scmrnoast for firing a gun on the highway at Pestketh, oil the 6th Oct.— David Woods said he was going along the road with his wife when they passed defendant, who had a gun in his hand. When witness was six yards away defendant fire 4 the gun. awl witness felt something strike him on the leg. He tholght it must have been the wadding. lie weut bock to tha de- fendant and asked him what he had done that for. He re. plied that it was only a prank. Witness gave information to the pollee —Defendant said he had had a drop of drine. ! There was no shot In the gun.- -Nfr. Crotfield: Da you mean 'to ss you deliberately fired at him —l:Wooden, : No —The Chairman said the offence was a serious cue, and defendant would be en-4 lOs and ansts. LIGHT Wasonre.-4eorge Chosen. Cuerdlev, was summoned for being in possession of two 531 b weights which were noj oat Ist was stated that defendant used the weights. which were light, for weighrar farm prod:tem.—Defendant said he bought the weights two years ago and they were then adjusted. He used them very little, and would not have rested in his bad had he known they were dnjust.—A. fine of 5s was imposed. PINED FOR CRUMMIER% —Jahn Edgar, Sankey ; Richard Wilkinson. Haydock ; and Richard Loaskin. Croft. Sixeerral OUT. —Bsrtholo•new &gait was charged with sleeping out at Esrlestown, and being without vialb'e means subsistence.—de state I that he was nit %king his wav from Winwick to St. Helans to find work.—He was disoharged.

RUNCORN PETTY SEiSIONi.

MONDAY.—Bofore Meeers. AlfreA Themas (in the ehatr),and

Walter Timmins. TIEMPORIRY appliestion for the temporary transfer of the lie,mse of the George Inn, Pool-lave. to sdrs. Catherine Ann Percival, widow of the late licensee, was granted. OBSCENE LANCULGE.—Thomas IngleilAl. Mill Brow. was summoned for using obscene and profane language, on the Bth Ocito'oer.—Prisorter pleaded gulity.—P C. Bowyer. who proved the ease, said that the lan 1,1 r) used by the defend- ant was abominable. He had been querrellin4 with his wife. and was standing in his own dowway.—A fine of 5s and east+ (13a ed) wee Imoosed and paid. Viet STONE THROWING NUISiNCE. —Three boys. Thomas McDonald. 15; Thomas Phillips. 15; and Huh Starkie, 9, were brought up charged with throwing stanes In the public streets, to the annoyance of persons.—The defendants pleaded guilty. but McDonald said that he did not throw the stones, only picking one up to throw.—? C. Niel:tole *totted that he saw the boys throwing st mes on the let October, in the street leading to the Pali(' Hall. Ile took their names mad told them they would be summoned. —Monona' I said , that he was hit on the leg with a stone by. one of the other boys, but though he picked one up he did nit throw it. —The oer said thar, h saw all three &fondants throw/ stones.- Ir. Thomas sail that the practice of stone Varowing was a Most reprehensible one, and. ows,that the magistrates were frilly determined to put it stop to. There had bern two owes of the same Sauce before them last week. AS it was ;the first °flame against those boys, they would have to p.te 4s 6d each, costs. But it they ever name there agsin the; would be severaly dealt with. A COSTLY RaNECT.—Blizabei.h Hozworth, a widow, 42, Suffolk-street, was brought up in custody charged with tire

===== 0002601_18981021_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.

larceny of a dead rabbit, valued Is., the property of Mr. George Gibson, 63 Egerton-street, Euncorn.—Mrs. Antonia Gibson, said that she was the wife of Mr. Geerge Gib ,00 greengrocer. 016. Figerton-street. Mrs. Hozworth came to the shop about 9.30 on Saturday night, and asked for five pounds of potatoes. The.m was is dead rabbit on the counter at the time. She missed the rabbit (which she could Identify by a peculiar hole she noticed in its skin) and gave infor- mation to the police. Subsequently at about 11.3 Police-Constable Pry produced the rabbit which he had discovered and she identified It.—P.O. Fly. said that about 16 minutes to eleven on the day in question he received information, and want to the prisoner's house in Suffolk-street, and asked for the raollit that had been stolen from Gibson's. Mrs. Hozworth produced a rabbit but said that she hal bought it and intended to way for it on Monday. At the pollee station in answ.r to the charge of stealing the rabbit, Mrs. Hozworth again male the same statement. —Elizabeth Hozworth, the prisoner elected to be summarily dealt with, and on oath said she asked Mrs. Gibson for the rabbit ; and she said " Yes." Mrs. Gibson was weighing potatoes at the time, an 4 she asked could she have the rabbit until Monday.—Oross-ezamiaed by the Superintendent of Police : Prisoner said that she was sure that Hrs. Gibson said is twice over.—The Chairman : Your character ie not a very good one, and there are thrde previous convictions againit you. We are of the opinion that you stole this rabbit. and you will be fined 103.. or 7 Ilya in default.

SWINTON v. WALKDEN.

At Walkden ths Swinton men won easily by 3 goals, 7 tries, (27 point), to oae goal (2 points). OLDIANI v. WORKINGTON.

These teams met at Oldham, Jack Hurst making his first appoaranc3 this season and scoring three tries. Oldham won by a goal and three tries to nil.

IrLarcann RUSSELL AND CO. V. BIRKENHEAD WAN- DERERS A.—The gai engineers attached to the first-named club journeyed to Birkenhead on Saturday. and scum. plishei a smart performance by winning by a try to nil. The point was gained in the early stages of the match. The Warringtonians had consider tbly the best of the game, and experienced hard luck on several occasions. WIDNES "A" Y. LOSTOCK GRALAIt.

Played at Widnei. The match was a one-sided affair throughout, and Widnes had matters much as they pleased. During the first half tries were scored by Elickey, Cullen (four), D. Jones and Murray, one of which was converted. Half-time score :--Widnes, one goal, seven tries ; Lustock, nil. During the second half the Widnes men again did all the pr3sslng, and Cullen, Foster, and Jones added further tries, the final reading —Widnes. two goals. .18 tries (52 points) to nil,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWL-INU.

MATCH FOR £4O.

A match of 81 up for £4O. was playedon Fiddler's Perry Green on Tuesday. between J Leach of Oldham, andWllllatn shaw of Warrington. Groat interest centred in the affair. thc,c wss a hre attinitn33. Gsach was favourite, and eveatititly Wil V 111 ti I rity of 21 points. LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY ASSOCIATION.

LEIGEI V. WARRVICOTOV SOUTE.--The final play in the Senior Competition took place on Saturday on the green of the Liberal Club. Clowes street. Lower Broughton. by these teams. The contest ran very eloae throughout, and the win went to Lvigh for seven paints, personal honours being divided. Details :

LEIGH. WARRINGTON SMYTH. W Sh-tnnott _ _ 19

7 Southnru l2 T L lalcer 2l

1 Grundy $ Bakersley 2l 0 Llttlewoorl l2 8 Ashton lB R Fairbrother _

J Isherwood 2l F Berry 7 Hainpson T Collier 2l 1 Swanton l4 W Houghton l2 H Fogg G Hayes R Rstellffs 2l T DilVi4l ll .7 Farrell 7 I Shaw 2l

212 215 NEWTON CRICKET AND BOWLEG CLUB. Ccooso Mews. . . . _. -

The closing handicap at bowls Om to members of the club was playe t on Saturday afternoon. There were 63 entries, and some of the m sins were well contested, the final beiaz won by Mr. T. Fairclough, who beat Mr. J. Bennett by 6 points. The following are the scores in the various rounds, Game, 15 up :

===== 0002601_18981021_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST. ROUND.

Score. Score. J Cameron G Rviance l5 la Harrison-- ................. 7 J Bennett Percy Percival II Grace P Hunt l5 J Irving T Gorse W Devereux l5 C 11 Bodmer lO I Fair lough l5 R Bryce ,J W Johnson l5 W Tasker V Davies . . .. - 15 3 Laycook J Sehofield l5 W li. Tacker G Lyons l5 L Bartlett R Davies H liolcroit l5 J W CrouobleV .... ......... .. 14 W Pairclough - 14 J Lennox R 2urner W Lam l5 R Smith l3 W Gee l5 3 Liptrott 3 McCormick .... 15 0 Sturges, 8 P Clarke l5 G Irving l3 J Aitken l5 H Davies 8 JVi illiamson JBateman l5 4 Mayor ......, ............... .... 8 J Galloway A M'Cov l5 D Davies l4 W Llptrot l5 W Hoidgate l3 C Gorse l5 W H Hindley l2 P Wagg l6 P Percival A Clough W Dudgeon bye --- -- - --

===== 0002601_18981021_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
81100iD BOUND,

R D iYi es —IC W Dti4goon l4 J Bennett J Cameron W Gee J Hunt P Percival W Devereux G Lyons l5 G Grace ll G Rylanee... l5 T Gorse l4 II Holcroft T Pairclough U Gorse l5 J Scafield T Davles A Clough l5 J. McCormick lO W Liptrott J Bateman

TRIAD ROUND. W Llptrott l5 G Rylance 7 , G Lyons l5 W Deveresx I J Cameron l5 R DAVIOII I J Bennett C Gorse H Clough W Gee l5 J Hunt T Falrelough l5 P Percival

FOUEITIC BOUND. - .7 Bennett 0 Gorse I Omer ,cs l5 W L1ptr0tt......... ......... ... 14 F Falroleugh l5 w ciee 8 ----- ---- - -

31011-YLYLL. P Palmlough l5 C Gorse J Bennett

===== 0002601_18981021_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
71:4AL.

F 141A:tough ......... 15 Jailer:men

There was a large number of prize, and most of the comp.titors received a Mir, Of aim* kind. After the games the membirs adjourned to the Pird Bull Hotel, where 64 sit down to a subitintial kuife and fork tea, which was ex3elleatly served and thoroughly enjoyed. The subiequeat proceedings were presided over by Me. Robert Stone who ref erre In his brief remarks to the accornmodatioa 03 the ground for the members of the club. die said a new pavibion was very badly wanted. 'The list of subscriptions snowed that about £2OO had already been subscrib d towards tie pivillion. (Hear, hear.) He afcerwards preseated me prizes to the euc. ceisful competitors . Seine time ago, Mr. It. Stone off ered a prize to be bowled for by the members of the club. This was won by Me. E. Fairclough. Mr. Scone presented him with a handsom i silver flask.

Mr. Peniry -won the bat Preiented by Mr. Lmizton for toe bigdest averrile battingein the secsnd team matches.

During the eveoing a humber of songs were given,and at tse close a hearty vo:e of thsuks wss acc aded the Chsirtusu.

The great speech of Lord Rosebery at Epsom last week, and Sir W. Harcourt's inexplicable site nee,as it is called in some quarters, are undoubtedly strengthening Lard Rosebary's position among metrop:litan Liberals. It should not be lost sight of, however, that the concurrence of the agrica:- tared dinner over which his Lordship presided With the Fit,hoda affair was an accident, and that it Wa.s taken advantage of by his lordship to make his famous declaration. Sir William cannot quite Fo?t up a meeting in 24 hours in which CO make his public contessioa on th present situation Witt' France, and both he and Aft. Morley are unfortun- ate in having no immediate platform eagagemel?t on band. Bat it should be stated that what gain Lord Liosebery has male is chiefly among the moder- ate Liberal or moderate Italic it section of the partY• Advanced Radicals, whatever view they may take of Lird Rosebery's policy, have not been iiiel an inch out of their old hostility to Lard Rosebery, and as the Fashola incident wilt probably be settled before Sir William his an opportunity of speaking, be has only to announce a strong and al- - domestic policy to keep himself. =what- longed at the head of the large body of Liberals he has hitherto led.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

AL rRINCEIAM ST. MARGARET'S v. LATCHFORD.

nay.!,.l ou the ground of the former. From ths corn- mencJrnmt Altrincham pressed, aad after nett paining by Barrett and Kenyon. Jackson scored. From ill., bully, Latchford got away, and, after au exciting scrimmage in iron:, (:) goai, Cragg, cleared. Davies Fecure I, and running well a.ong toe touch hue passed to Bunyon,who scored the second goal f r the homi team. Latchford rush al down from al.) bully, and had hard lines, Small- wood clearing after slveral shots had been sent in. Stapleton and Barrett again scored for 8:. Margare:'s, and half-tiuoe qrriy.id with the home team leading, four goals to all. Irons the re-star:, Latchford came away, but Bush cleated. Day.ei attired, and getting in the circle, FC )rA avra a fast soot. Latchtord again preeied, but foq, Id Bush and Cragl Impaisable. tireenie ayes got possessbn aad passcd to Jackson. who ran well to ihs circle and crossed tu Barrett. who scored. Stapleton and Bunyan again scored fJr 81. Margaret's, and they won easily by eight goals 10 nil.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
•AtAtl '.';'4' '...-. MN ~.-' N. Give MY 130

===== 0002601_18981021_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
romovi THE USE OP

IFORT, CLEANLINESS AND CUFt

Dr. PAUL'S WHITE PILE OINTMENT.

ease at once and effectually removes I.lles, Cracks, Fissures and Ulcerations. In &2/6 each: Post (reel/212/9 PENN &CO 89, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, ~ LONDON. S.Es

===== 0002601_18981021_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTB LILL.

LT may Inter sit f ntbtilers t) know that ths warld-famed m-nufactureri. GRO. G. BUSSEY tt CO , of Lon ion, tnrn out Balls. which for quality, unilormity, and durability, are unique. These balls will be distinguished by the nopearauce thereon of th.dr well known tr vie mark. +Gem Ask the local Sports Dealer for CI (1-. B. & C 's Price LadL. If not pronrable apply to 33* 38 Q Jaen Victoria St-met London Factories —Packham,Lurlon; and Elmswell, Sulk. Atut

===== 0002601_18981021_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. --- LINCASHIRE v. CLIESHITtE.

The crenty mat th between teams representing Lanca- shire and Cbethire wax olayel on Satirday at Stockport before only about 4,000 spictators. Lancashire had a strong team,but the Cheshire m m were short of several of the blat men who have asiixted the in previous years. Playing with groat &lath, hox.ever, the home °aunty succeed.d In gaming an altoz.eth•r unexpected 1 victery. At hal-time Lancaithire led by 2 goals (placed by Batey) to a try (•cirad by Jolley.) In the second half Cheihire attacked con'inuously aid Seville gave ahem the lead wi"h a goal, the game ending : Cheshire 1 goal 1 try (5 p iets),Lanna,thire 2 gals (4 points).

, The teams were as follovra . Lancashire.—R BatQy (Widnei), back ; 1' Martin and S Lees (Oldham),D Traynor (St Helens), and J Valentine (Swinton) (cantain). three-quarter tacks ; W Pearson (Swinton) and B Griffiths (Sailor I), half b•cks; J Evans (Swinton), G Seel sfl G Whitehead (Broughton Ransora), W Briers (it Helens), J Williams (Salford). T G Moffat (Oldham), J Johnston (Swint )TO, and P Taylor (Leigh). f norsr Is. Cheshiro.—S Hou.thton (Runcorn) (captain). back ; , W Robinson an I J Worsh-y (stocknort), I D Watson (Birkenhead Wanderers), ant F S avian (Stockpor:), threequarter baeks; G Robinson and J Jolley (Runcorn), bslf banks ;S Walker, A Taylor, W Lirhtfoot, and F Gayter (Runcorn), C Holmes (Birkenhead Wanderers), W Milligan sad J Damids). (Stockport), and Ward (Lostock-Gral am). forwards. Touch Judges.—J El Smith, Lancashir 3, and J Ashley, Cheshire. Rsferee.—J Bairsto, Yorkshire.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIO It COAPETITION.

TYLDE3LEY v. MORECAMBE.

The seaaiders paid a visit to TyWesley oa Saturday and wera beaten by nine points to two. France (2 tries) and Eckersley (nna try), scored the points for the win- ners, while E kin kicke I a goal for_Mortelmba.

WIGAN -v._LEIG El.

Thii nritch was played a`, Leigh rn Sattirdav, and resulte I in a win for the hemestera by 3 goals and a try (9 pinta) to Wieao nil. T. Davies and Molyneux got the Onints fo- BROUGHTON RANGERS v. ROCHDALE HORNETS.

The Hornets were at home to the Ranger-8 o—n-S-a-in-rda--; and gave them a good game. Barratt scored a try. and Chapman kicked a goal for the Rangers. These wer3 aft the points scorel.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCHES. WARRINGTON v. BARROW,

Time was when the fixtures with Barrow interes'ed the Warringtoa people as much as any and more than maray,but now that the Northerners have gone into the second division teeir doings ar e not of such moment. By their visit to Wilderspool on Saturday they proved that Barrow can still produce a capable football team, and give a first divisien club a good game. Warrington had not much difficulty in winning by ten points to five,but they found their opponents were far from being novices at the game. There was a fair gate, 3,000 perhaps, and many had come to witness the turn-out of Warrington's first importation, J. Fish,of Leetocx Gralam,a promisieg wing-threrquarter. Duckworni stood down for him, otherwise tee team was as selected. Bowker was an abeenteo from the visitors' ranks, but the Barrovians had nevertirdess a strong team. Mr. 11. Eagle; was the referee, arid the teems were made up as follows : Warrington : Hallam, full back ;.1 Fish, I Cross, D Isherwood, J Holeroft. three-qnartare ; J T Bate and Aehuret. half-becks; Magee. Naylor, Deakin, Suilow, Wien, Hatton. Fairhurst, and Boardman, forwards. Barrow : Wade, full back ; Proctor, Boardman, Platt, and Tre weeks*, three-quarters; Chapinan,ared McGivern, half-backs; W B Brown, W Brown,Lloyd, Beethan, Gird. wood, Parker, Rawlins, and Baleen, forwards. Warrington won the toss and elected to play wide the wind in the firs: halt. Parker started for Barrow, and Eden mulling the catch a posit on was e once found in the home half The visitors anon showed that for- ward, at lealt, they were a match for Warrington, and assumed the offensive. A punt from touch by Bate changed the venue of the game to the visitors where Proctor checked Warrington'. progress. Another punt, from a penalty, called upon Wade, who touched down in front of the home forwards. McGivern had a kick charged down tw Bate,and Warrington were within an ace of scoring, Wade just managing to punt clear. A penalty followed against Warrington, and play was taken back to centre, where Isherwood made a dashing run. Bate "draw" his opposing halves who were penalised, and Mason followed up his successes of the previous week with a fine goal. The Barrovians replied with an incursion into the hems half, and profited by m"s'akes on the part of Holcroft and Fairhurst. Trier were driven back to centre,where the hall got loese, and quick exchanges between Isher- wood, Cross, and Fish resulted in the latter racing in with a Splendid try near touch. He was heartily cheered for his fine effort. Mason found the place-kick to diffi- cult. Again the Baroviens asserted themselves, really clever work between Chapman, Platt, Boardman, and Proctor failing at the critical moment through a pass forward. The eff rt put Warrington on the defensive, Holcroft clearin; with a lofty punt. Beardman followed asp, and profiting by a mull on the part of Tree- weeke had the Imre at his mercy when McGivero raced sap and dropped on the ball. Fish cleverly intercepted a pass and was nearly through when collared by Wade. Play was of an exciting charac- ter, Warrington especially playieg in great style. A pass was rent to Isher wood ia the centre, and the latter astonished everybody with a neat and successful drop at goal. Hardly had the game bent resumed when Isher- wood suaPpld a pass at midfield and got clear away. Be looked a certain scorer, but was tripoed up by Wade who was his only opponent. Mason had hard luck with another Penalty shot, but th's was as nothing to what Bate and Fish experienced. The home skipper got away down tench with Fish in attendance, and after passing of a beautiful description, the clever little wing sprinted in at the elem.'. and grounded behind the posts, only to bel,recalled for receiving the ball a shade forward. The homesters had barely Rot over the disappointment before the interval arrived with the score reading War- fleeter% 2 goals, 1 try, Barrow nil. The seemed half opened in lively fashion. Bate,lsher- wood, and Cross got ening nic dy, and Fish had a clear opening when Cross lent the ball over his head. Holcroft Put in a dashing cross-run, and the ball once more travelled to Fish, hut he had no chance of getting throuda. Play continued in the Barrow half and Isher- wood dashing to the line, was challenged and passed to Holcreft who sent on to Ashurst, the latter completing the effort with a try near the posts. Mason's attempt at goal from the easy place, was a poor one. Barrow now livened up and made track; for the home line. Forward they seemel to improve as time went on, and it was rarely that the home halves got pessessien. Warrington appeared to relax their energies and soon found that they were far from safe. Baleen was only stopped in the nick of time after a piece of excel'ent combination by the Barrow front rank. Aehurat was at fault and the referee gave Barr ow a penalty, Proctor opening the score For the vi item with * geol goal. Enceuraeed by this eueeesa they peppered the home line. Hallam being tackled in possession. MeGivern, Chapman. aid Treweeke handled the bell effectively, and the lengthy right wing rushed ov or at the corner. No goal resultel. Warrington retaliated with a run to the other end,where McGivern had diffie.nlty in saving from Bate. Isherwood, and Holcroft. A lon; punt from touclo <Prot Warrington back, hut they were awake to the visitors' determina- tion and kept them oit until the final 'ann.-tee, when the score wae—Warrieeton. 2 goals, 2 tries (10 points) ; Barrow, 1 goal, 1 try (5 pointel. BELL KINGSTON ROVERS v. WIDNES. At Hull, on Saturday, before 5,000 seectators. His - PIN Dremmione, and Donnelly and Rater fir Wudna. Kemp, Stephenson. Fester, and Duff f sr the Roeers stood drown, conrequently the teams were not representative. The start was delayed °wine t o the late arrival cf the referee. Widnes opened,Rhodee responding. Exchange kickin; characterised the opening stages, mad a fine artrPcv kick by Diviei all but brought abo ot a score. Ki9Seil saving daringly. Widnes relieved to Smith, who Iticiced aeross the line, the ball going dead. By reason of the wind the Rovers had considerable advantage. and a fierce str Tele occurred, under the Widnes poets for time which was eventually relieved by smart half- back May. Eociand obtained a mark in a favourable 000n1j0n5 bit Xifhtt failed miserably at the goal kick. Widnes came well up Co the Aeld to the Rovers' line with erand forward play, Davies relieein; with a tricky run to half way. AthouTh a friendly engagement both aides were in parnoar. the tackling being very keen, and few stcpnages for mini.r injuries. The game was princi- pally confined to the forwards. Widnes,although against the wind, rtting slightly the best of the argument. Ralfdirne came with a blank sheet, Final : Hull Kingston Rovers. Rix poin's ; Widnes. nil. SALFORD v. MILLOM. . -

„—.....--. At Salford. Salf od 4 trics (12 points), *nom 2 goals, 1 try (7 points ST. HELENS v. LiNCASTER. • •

At Lamm—V.3.r,—the homeaters won by one goal, two tries (8 pgiors) t.onOst (2 points).

===== 0002601_18981021_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
To MOVIERS.—Mrs. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup hubs fur over fifty pears lav millions or mothers for their oh dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve th, Poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste : it pro - duets natural quiet Sleep, by relieving the child ref:impale and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." Of at chemists ls. Lld. per bottle.—lldrt.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
- - RUNCORN "A" T. RUNCORN HORNETS.

These teems met on the Irwell.lane enclosure on Saturday to play off a friendly engagement. After some smart passing Bowen scored a clever try for Runcarn. Anderson added another try, which was converted by Woods. With some forward play the Hornets reached the Runcara line and Pearce scored. Bellwood next executed a brilliant run for Runcorn and planted the leather behind the poles. Lite' ,Bowen added a try,aud at half-time the score was :—Runcorn, 1 goal 4 tries (14 points) ; Borne's, 1 try (3 points ) Oa the change of ends Runcorn "A" had mach the best of the play and eventuagy ran out winners by 3 goals 8 tries (30 points) ta 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_18981021_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE a" TEAM COMPETI- TION.

WARRINGTON " A " v. BwlNroN "4."

This match was brought off on Saturday at Swinton before a good gate. The Warrington team WAS com- posed as follows i•--13o5cow' full back ; Crank, Ratcliffe, Duckworth, and Patrick. three-quarters ; Bate and Houghton, half balks • Swift, Hill, Boyle, Andrews, Wilcor, Cunningham, licholrze, and Roby, forwards. The home team won the toss and electing t 3 play with the strong wind, immediately attacked, and were only kept cut by a good combined effort. A penalty kick was given against Warrington, and Goodman scored. I Hill on the restart took the ba'l up, but although he was well supported, the honiteiters aided by the wind recovered the lost ground. Valentine marked and Goodman again place 4 a goal. A try was notched by Swinton soon after, making the half-time score, Swinton 7 points, Warrington nil. With the advantage of the wind in the second half the visitors forced the game. 1 Swift dropped a goal shortly after Houghton scored a try. Swinton were practically, now, a beaten team. Bate and Swift each scored ne tries, one of which Duckworth improved upon. The game concluded with 'the result in favour of Warrington by 13 points to 7.

YORKSHIRE Y. CHESHIRE AND LANCASEIIRE. After the county trial match at Wakefield on Wednes- day, the following team was chosen to play for the Yorkshire Northern Union against Cneabire County, at Manningham, on the 29th inst., and against Lancashire en a subsequent date :—J Metcalf (Wakefield Trinity), back; J E Parker (Bramlev)and A Glldthorpe alunslet), centre three-quarters ; Lumley (Leeds) and C C Lempriere (Hull), wing three-quarters ; A Rig (Hali- fax), captain, and G E Mislay (Leeds Parish Church). half backs; A Kemp (Hull Kingston Rovers), A Starks (Hull Kingston R were), W Dale (Hull), T Wilkinson (Manningham), T Broadley (Bradford), M Sutcliffe (Buidersfield),J Oath (Batley),and J Ram sgo (Hunslet), forwards. Reserves : J Mitchell (Hunslet), tia7,l{; F W Cooper (Bradford), centre three-quarter; A Hambrecht (Branaley),wing three quarter; H Robinson (Hunslet)and J Oakland (Batley),h Ift backs; E M Chambers (Hudders- field) and W Walton (Wakefield Trinity), forwards.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPECITION.

At a meeting of the c3ininittee of the above competi- tion. bold in Manchester, on Tueiday, Dunn,of Swinton A team, and Cunningham, of Warrington A team, were rep )rod for fighting on Sv.urdiy. Dunn wai suspended for a fortnight and Cunaingham peading his appear- ance. Permits were granted as follows :—J Holroyd with Oldham, J M Lamh and J Utley with iiroughton Rangers, ri S3ott and El Wilson with St. Helens, W R Jervis with Stockprt, and W Houghton with Warring- ton.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
&SSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON V. BROOKLANDS.—The premier local team met Brooklands on baturday on the Arpley en- closure. Warringtoo had a representative eleven,Jewkes turning out for the first time this season,and Alderson, a new man, taking toe out,ide left position. The visitors brought a strong eleven. The opening stages of the game were marked by even play, but the Warrington men gradually worked their way in their opponents' territory, where excellent combination among the for- wards resulted in Connor scoriog,the goal-keeper having no chance. The locals kept the upper hand, and goals were scored by Connor, ti. Bilcock,and Alderson. Occa- sional isvasions were made by the visitors into the War- rington territory, but tao twairs were found quite safe. Half-time score : Warrington, four goals; Broaklands, I nil. In the second stags of the game the Warrington we continued their vigorous career, and goals wars scored by Connor (2), R. Sllceek, and Jewkee. A faulty kick gave the visitors an opening, which they tlok ad- vantage of. Final score; Warrington, eight goals ; Brooklands, one. Br. HELENS REDS. V. EARLESTOWN.

Flayed at City-road St Helium on Saturday bitore 5,000 specsasors. Both tsathS were fully represented, Rides- " towa winning the toss. Juaes kicked off before a strong wind. Marais and Lea with combination made a brief incursion to home quarter.i. Bell relieved with a cious kick. Not to be denied the visitors made another onslaugbx on the Recreatioa goal, Lee eventually shoot- ' log over the line. Joirs and Sienna with some grand play transferred hostia:tes to Earlestown quarters. Keyes " clearing when Sauna was in good positioa. This stage 'of Me game was of a fast and exciting cliaracter. A neat run by the home left placed the visitere' goal in a state ot jeopardy, Jones intercepting a abet ever the crossbar later. Jackson getting hold played down the held, and alter eluding the full backs scored the first goal amidst great cheering. Earlestown still kept up the pace. End to end play followed, both teams being dan- gerous from corners. Jones and &alto were promioeat with some beautiful parisiag, Hayes clearing when Smith wasa y y d t n nk. later Jackson retied w BMW, the latter scoring with a an nicety ee passedtre itaug strong shot. Again the Real got down, Banta sheoting- log. Near tae interval Esrlestown pressed severely, but nmhing further was scored up to half-time. Oa cressiog over a prolonged attack on the Esrlestown goal ensued. After an exciting tussle in Me Esrlestown goal James scored wan a brilliant shot :—Final—St. Helene Recs. 4, Earleetown 1.

RUNCORN V. WARRINGTON RESERVE. This mac h was played at Runcorn on Saturday. War- rington brought a very Erong team. The visitors won the toes and elezted to play down hill first hill. Hop- wood started and immediately tne home quintette by nice passing reached Silcock bat over eagerness spoiled tne udovement. The Warrington backs cleared to mid- field, where play ensued tor a short time until Hopwood broke away anu serving Lunt nicely this player trans- ferred to Hilton who shot in. Silcock tumbled and Hilton racing up met the rebound and scored a fina goal for the horn-deters. From the restart the visiting for- wards broke away, Joseph dribbling in neat Style until in the vicinity of the home citadel wilen he passed to Roberts, who defeated &anvil%) WWI& fast shot, thus equalising. This success seemed to dusiAre the visitors to greater things an I atter another cotnnined movement, they again reached Stan ay woo was defeated for a second time. The visitors' forwards now played for all hey were worth and che way they manipulated the bill Was a treat to witness, hat they could not penetret I the Sound del/Boca ot Burnws, Bali, Unlit) and Walker, the two latter players espedially kicking in splendid style. whilst the two former tackled with energy and prevented any further score before half-time. 'ride second half proved to be more keen than toe first although not quite so interesting. Each so: of for wards played with a will and did their utindst to score. Hop- i wood seeming in nkllield raced down, passed to Hi ton this player Beading on to Duinocll who forced a corner. Dumb ill took the kick and sent the ball right in the goal Silcock failing to clear and the seores were equal. After this success thd homestera made matters warm for the visitors but could not score further, the defence oa both sides preying too btdbborn and reliable. Houghton, Joseph and Roberts tor Warriagton and Hilton Hopwood and Lout for the lea:nesters tried to seeare a winning goal but could not penetrate the defence.A. very intefes- , ing game thus resulted in a draw of 2 goals each.—Neat Saturday Runcerri will have Widnes Reserve for visit dra. The following team has been selected to represent Run- corn : Goal, Stan way; full backs, Walker and Hulse (Captain); half hocks, Worthington, Borrows, Heil; for- wards, Lunt, lg.:IA:oil, Hopwood CdS3UII, and Durnbell, reserves. Shingles and Hughes. NeWTON-LE WILLOWS V. NRWTON ATIELZTICS.

This friendly fixture-tOOk'Pl-a.;;;;a-t-tte—iii;;;Iiiround on Saturday last and aroused more than usual interest on account of the excellent way the Athletics are playing. 130th aides were well represented and notwithstanding aOlllO very strong attacks made at eith.r end the result at half-time was a pointless draw. The second half was exciting as Franktand,Rhusbotham and G Houghton each scored early on but the Athlotjc bf the aid of Egan and Lee managed to get a couple of goals which made the gams very eve] at threeluarter time. The senior club however, retaliated and Butler and Owen shot two good goals and Newton emerged victorMua by 5 goals to 2 aLer a gool aud pleasant gains. FRODSRAM ST. MARY'S V. RUNCORN BRUNSWICK GUILD.

This ria-itt;.h., which was a very one-sided affair, all in favour of the Runcorn team, was played at Frodsham, last Saturday, rearming in a w'ping out of the Frodsham eleven by nine goals to nil.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Nobody can tall what is going to happen when health begins to fail. Sometimes even the slightest signs of indisposition have a most significant meaning, and again a very trouble- some ailment may be only temporary. A great deal depends upon the condition of the body when attacked by outside influences.

Let us bring to your attention for a moment the case of Mr. Myhill, of Dover, who writes :

"10. Snargate Street, Dover, " May 318 t, 1898.

" Dear Sirs,—Before I commenced the use of Scott's Emulsion I was completely run down; had very little appetite for my food, could scarcely put any energy into my business, and was very irritable with everyone I came in contract with. I also felt a pain in my right lung, and to make matters worse, I contracted a very severe cold, which left me with a hard dry hacking cough. I continued the use of Scott's Emulsion,with the result that my appetite soon returned; my cough was cured, and each bottle left me stronger and healthier at the finish than at the commencement, I may say lam now quite convalescent, and attribute my very speedy recovery largely to the fact of taking Scott's Emulsion. I consider this preparation a most 'valuable tonic, and firmly believe a gool constitution may be built up by it. I shall always recommend Scott's Emulsion whenever opportunity permits.—l remain, Yours truly, (signed) H. J. Myhill."

Which left him with a Dry, Hard, Hacking Cough.

this remedy are being revealed every day

the cases that are coming to light where racottIA Emulsion has been employed in treatment. This preparation is the easiest and most par .. . •

table'foica of cod-liver oil combined with- 'lir

All of Mr. Myhill's symptoms are familiar tO nearly everybody. The want of appetite, lack of energy, pain in the lung,and hacking coughs are all indications of approaching disease: They show clearly that the body is weak ana needs a remedy which will not only stimulate the appetite and give a feeling ot energy, buD will also really make flesh and blood, and ere vitality to the whole system.

Such a remedy is the one which cured 31r• Myhill, viz., Scott's Emulsion. This preparation should be taken by everybody with a tendena towards weakness • and emaciation, or sweet,' tibility to taking cold. Nobody can begin tO estimate the number of lives that have bee_l3 saved by the curative and nourishing propertie: of _Scott's Emulsion. The beneficial effects 01

pophosphitee and glycerine. All of these ire standard remedial agents, and the formula for making Scott's Emulsion has the endoreemeo of the entire medical profession.

You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emuloloo by sending threepence to cover postage W Scott & Bowne, Limited, Manufacturing Chats; jet, 95, Great Saffron Hill, London, E. C., Aso mentioning this paper.

..,-;;7•Ifi ‘..--1-•-•,...- '.--:------ilf-Tz.- ------,-----...--,.., ----.4.....:.1 .. . A -,-,------=:------,-; • \..,,,',.\:•,, 1 • ... v• N., '';'-',' ',';‘‘`V,?.% - ' ..'' ,s.;•••, ',"\,:,,.,...5i.,;,,,,,:.T- - -:::: ''';‘:,'.' \.< ,‘',,,,,,' fl.s\,\\ ~,\V!.'s c ;\:,' 4, - fialik..ll.: O -, -.-4\ ':.•-,,..‹'-', ,' , p, -,-S '-i','"-"--:.. ,---- - -.-.•• -:-. •'' -s- n '' r --. i,;i:i. 7.- --, --'......,„ --4... Z 1':.,.: '•,.. -- - -. /. ,:iiis,:i I. ' .-- 0,...i'::.:. '. '•" . . '•--: •.;;111izi....n..:11 . ,P.;: : • •-:::.ks\ '.!.F;g'.... ~i7..:3-:, ' :o'4. ~ ~ - . ....:,-F...7.-.:A . :::' " luttliEsk: 1 .........::::.,.,.:,...,, .: A='4.*:•'..,..':'..z.-..'...V.V,...' ' • ..: •.. ~.-h-T.li-.: .........‘ :,.,,F,sir , ' ‘`..-;•:,....-::::::::'.......5.."..":\ , '%',.4...0"."W.......".......- -- 44, '.:1:111iii, . :::::;. \‘-'‘ . ' ,•;!.'lit*iil;-- . .-;.::::.*:::::::::-........................., t;.....". •:- \ -'4,"...*"..1"..",....-.5"--;•:•:,....-..". ---'--.. •.!. , ..,..! -- •:.• • , „ - ,lii," .2.... , ..........:"."......::::::.:.•:<...:-.........:f."...............f.*: ' •". '"':%•,..• - .- ----,--.1•11‘.i .. . "-• 0 .:: " ~ .f....;:.................................-:-...............-..!:V..• - . • '11•5k%::•:..":".."X:'.:::....":',.." , -.- ..;1:.! . . 'L . 'ILI-c,.-Iff, ...N..4.::0::,::i.:i::::::::::...:.:if:::::::......:1".:::;:::::::".."*. ~:,.....,...,:":-:"Y.-:-:::::".",:::•*If...7./ .` 'L ~ -- . ' : ii-C,,::':::' \ \ - ......•::::.;"N'X'-':''..•-•:•:-:-.--:-...:-......- -......,- • ' \ - . .i. i: ':;:i1:0..q1::i: :-X•.••4:::-...::-:.:•:•:-:::":•:-:•:":":-::-::!:•%•.....•• ' q Eiii!:'.iii::;,;i.o,4l,.".ii :"./.....:k..XX...:::::::F.:::::::::-::::::::::"......,... , ~......;;;`.3....,:;..:.:•:...... 1f:,...........":"W:k>"•. , ' ... •,"-:-:::::::::::::-.:-...::•?.?:•••:02,:-:,-:-::•-•• . 4-...M:."..K.'......',..,, .... ~..., .-,2,..:•:-..,/ .....".,:-:,...-:-..•,-:-.. ,-- '" ' • ./..:-.........-;',:;?..::'....:::-:..`..r.• ' ..:1".•-'4k;',........:M:Wik.e.ve.,,x...,,, .-. .-.....--,:: , :;Zt‘i•'-' ' -. '''......i.......f......4::::.".....;:•,...g.;:•”•:,..4?.." •••••;;;,....:::... .. , r!- '" ' ; • //:•<.:.- -.......?:,----= - ::::: :,..-,..,.;:.,, ,• , ~.....:•..X.:..3:.... . . N.......... , ./ 4. * , . :,...,> ..... -.: ..... 1-- _I _ .. ......... 1..-- :: -. - • , ::.;......:"X<Wl N ...'1'....14../%71•1 z, ~.. ...,....... - .Figbliiiiii:7 . 1......:4kt1.....1 /....... -. , ,-iS, ‘'.•\:.k.1.0:.:,1 -1.......?.'",.....:.. i . UniiiiiiilPPl: r y ~, --,..,-...............:...........,„ ,i 1. ....4.......,,,....,::,." ..N5..,.,,..P.i , , \....,..,, \,. ...,..„... -____-_m „._,.....,,,,,,.,..:';.:.-.::.: •'.40/.;'-.:.- , \ ~,, . . ,:ty.,......=- -, --...:.:,.,..,:,,,,, r ' - /- ••••••,.. •, • .f-. 4. •::' ,:•/' •''' ~.. .- . --_ -,,, •.•,:, . , . , .....: ._,.- ........ ....... ...... .... .... /4.......-...t.:.:.i " ~:,\ ~.... ..:.:4. ......1..„..x .....„. .‘e.,...„._...:.:.....,..:.....::,..5..:...:.:::::,.....:::..,.......:.......,,,,i1ik1i....,,.. , ‘,....4,4,::::::::.:<:._>:,.........,*...v..A.„_.::_c.:____.::.,..:•zi.......f...;..:.....:.....:.........:,,,::.:::..........i.:::::. _ lii. J. PAYHILLis

===== 0002601_18981021_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
itzhi 'ne ' PO; "74

===== 0002601_18981021_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES.

LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CO'S LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 35 S ANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETS HARROP'S FOR BASSINRSTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTRS HARROP'S FOR BASS/NETT/3S HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINHTTES HARROP'S FOR BASS INRTTES HARROP'S FOR HASSINSTTES HARROP'S FOR BASSIN/NTH 01111APBST HOUSE! 'IN TER TRADE '

H A WIZ 0 P' S • 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOii.

T. BIRTLE St PHOTOGRAME, LEGII HOUSE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST MITES IN PHOTOGRAVO CABINET PORTRAITS A SPECIALITY: ALL CHILDREN'S PORTRAITS Ala INSTANTANdOUSIS•

===== 0002601_18981021_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ais%

===== 0002601_18981021_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18981021_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18981021_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18981021_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
I 00rBA.LL CLUB.

FIX TURES.

POINTS. FOR A.GST

Sept. —Swinton, ti -3 3 10—Oldham, h O.. 9 17—St. Helens, h 3 0 24—Widnes, a Oct. 1— Salford, a B—Morecambe, h 10 5

15—Barrow, h ' 22—Rochdale H., a

29—Tyldesly h .............. s—Mlllom. a

12—Broughton R.. h ........................

19—oldh:1".m. a ... ... 26—Morecambe a Dec. 3—Barrow, a 10—Wigan, h 17—Stockp0rt, h 24—Birkenhead W., h 26—Runcorn, h 31—Swinton, a an. 2- 7—Wigan, a 14—Leigh. h 21 —Tyldesley, a ................... 28—Stockport, a Veb.. .4—Leigh. a 11—Salford, la ia—st. Helens, a 25.—roughton i. a Itar• :I—Rochdale H., h 11—Widnes, h 18—Barrow. a 25—Cop Tie h ape. I—Cup Tie 3—Runcorn, a B—Hull K Rovers, is 15—Birkenhead W., a

RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUBI

FIXTURES.

POINTS. aept. 3_wigan. FOR AGST 10— 17—Salford, h 24—Oldham a 3 27 00E I—Lelgh. h B—Wnes, a 15—Cheshire v Lancashire 5 4 22—TyWesley, a 29—Cheshire v Yorkshire, rev. s—Morecambe, h 12—Salford, a 19—Cheshire v Cumberland, 26--Broughton R., h Dee. 3-- -

16—Swinton. h 17—.Rochclalo H_.. b 24—Broughton R., a ....... ...............

26—Warrington, 31.—Tyldesley. h 2--St, Helene, a

f—tiwinton.. a

, .........__ _ . 14 —Wigan, h 21—Stockport, h

ii—i;aigh: a itb. 4—St. Helens, h 11—Morecambe, a 18—Widnes, h 25—Rochdale a liar. 4 —Oldkuun, h 11-Btnekport, a ......... Ng. 3—Warrington, h

===== 0002601_18981021_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES.

POINTS. FON /AST &Vt. 3—St. Relens, h LO—Wlgan, a lO 2 17—Morecambe, a 24 Warrington, h i9 0 1)0* I—tyldesley, a B—Runcorn, h 15—Lancashire v Cheshire, 22—Leigh, h 29—Rochdale IL, _

no,. -s—Lancashire i Yorkshire, .... 12—Swinton, a

19—Salford, la 26—St. Helene, a rho. 3—Lancathhe v Cumberland, 10—Oldham, a 17—Mceeeambe, ii 24—Hoehdale H., h 26- 31—Leigh, a 41. 7—Stock port a

14—Stook-pori, h 21—Sa1tord, a p,.... 28—Broughton R., a "2. _ 1.1. —Tv Id esley , h

11—Wigan, ii••••••

- IB—Runcoria,_a

/44 4—Broughton It., h 11—Warrington, s AP% 3-Bwlnton, h

===== 0002601_18981021_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
st HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES. POINTS. TOR AGIT 6 0 lege 1-salforl (friendly), a 0 8 3—Widnes, a 10—Broughton 8.. h 0 3 17—Warrington, • 24—Morecambe, a Cat. I—Oldham, 13 2B 3 B—Rochdale if., h 15—Laneaster. a

22—Swinton. a -- --- .. ...............

29—Wigan. It "'"'• s—Leigh, h 12—Wisput. h 14—Leigh. • -

26—WICines, h 14e. 3—Birkenhead W., h 10—Broughton R., a 17- 2a—Salrord, a 26—TyWesley. h a 31- 41. 2—Buncorn,h 7—Salford, h 14—Swinton, h 21—Birkenhead W., a 28—tadhatn, a eh' 4—Runcorn. a 11—Tylde81ey, a IB—Warrlngton, h 25- 4r* 4—Stockport, a 11—Rochdale 11, a APt 31-Stockport. 1a • 3—Larkititer, h 8-Morecambe, h

.'• TO-DAY S BUD:MRS. ' I,l6,el,.._hdttle Hornets v War rino .ton 73,11tti v Leigh ilvt..ts.„!ey v Runcorn tatif;r44 St. Helens 41cirealt:b?Ilvdir3rnivughton Range"!

===== 0002601_18981021_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18981021_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
1510 v.

TO WARM/Ca-TON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 35.8 52, 11 43, 3 23, 4 45, 120, 820 Sundays 7 63, 432. Altear and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18, 824, 954. Sundays 9 20,2 21, 822. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 720, 95, 11 35, 2 5 340, 5 60,1 25,11 42. Sundays 3 10,12 45,7 10, 11 42. Birmingham (Edidiand)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50, 11 48, 1 25, 2 55. 0 40 6 45.110 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 40. 11 19. blix- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 18,12 25,1 55,3 47,, 5 27,6 35. 750, Sun days,B 0, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, ;8 3,8 45, 9 55, 10 35. 11 40, 12 35 223.3 15,3 37, 4 5,5 15,7 0, 8 35,10 o.Sundays 7 25,1 35, 5 15, 7 30. Blackpool (Central) -65. 7 25, 755. 825. 8 55, 101 20 1125,1 5,2 10,2 55,4 c 0,6 15. 815.1010 Sundays 7 10,1 15, 50 8 40. Bolton-5 45,8 0,8 40,9 40,10 35.11 16,12 15.2 20, 4 15,5 10, 5 65, 8 30,10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 615, 925 p.m. aSatur - days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40, 840, 10, 25, 422, 5 15, 730, Sundays 125 a.m., 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a,'( Lb, 845. 9 40, 10 12,11 5,11 40, 1 25, 2 10, 2 28, 3 0,3 56.4 65.5 5,6 35.7 35, 85, 835. Sundays 232, 4 35, 6 30, 84) a,m 6 55, 7 47, 80,. p.m. (Mondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39,7 16,8 42.109. 11 28.12 38,1 4,1 43, 2 5 36,4 8,5 38 623.7 47, 9 16. 1046. Sundays 8 la. a.m., 715, rewe-2 1, 4 55. 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 2 5, 2 45. 415. 65, 85, 90. Sundays 21. 455, 710. 245, 40 9 20. Daresbury-8 16, 1017, 11 43. 2 47, 5 48, 8 47. Sundays T 21, a.m, 7 37 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15, 935. 107, 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 85, al2 35,3 63,3 35. Eundays 7 30, 6 18, 655, 35. aHxcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 51. 846, 9 32. 11 3, 12 51, 5 52. 5 38. 6 30, 7 33• 8 3 915, 1152, al2 0, Sundays 834, 962. 95, 724. I aSaturdays only. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 24, 29, 327, 57, 6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays Bc2. 267. 52. Frodham-7 55, 90, 102. 1127, 232.47, 6 27, 6 58, co 3 Sundays 9.a.m. 7 18 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 50, 10 40, 10 48 12 0, 12 66. 2 11. 32. 420. 4 56. 59, 5 56, 657, 724 93. Sundays 8 23. 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 105, 20, 565. Sundays 5 50, 95, Mondays I excepted. Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28.2 41. 441. 5 30,7 15, 99, 1047. Sundays 940. 75. I Hough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99, 103. 1055. 19. 150. 222 316, 623, 67. 7 11, 7 38, 9 18. Sundays 837, 9 20, 326, 3 45,4 45,9 4 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 39, 953, 55, 8 50, 11 20 undays 1069. 6 53, 8 43. 100. Latchford-7 52, 8 40. 9 34. 102. 11 17, 120. al 45, 213 130, 4 22, 5541, 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. bliaturdays excepted. Liverpool(via Barlestown)-1 0 a 2 .55,6 0? 50,8 0,9 25.11 50 16. 1 30, 3 20. 4 25, 4 50,3 35.7 5,8 25,10 5.11 15,. Sundays 0 7 30,9 20, 630.8 40 tiondays only. Pia Widnes 6 25, 8 20, 9 5,1)50, 1230, 1 25, 2 40, 3 35, 420 520. 65. 830. 1045. Sundays 735, 2 10, 7 15. 1045. lAverpoel (Central)-5 30. 830,? 10 7 40, 833. 938, 1020. 10 35, 11 50, 1235. 155. 2 33. 4 40. 4 50, 5 36, 6 35a 75. 80, 840, al° 45. 511 0. Sundays 80. 90, 2 30. 2 50,4 20, 630, 8 33, aSaturdays only. ipSaturdays excepted. London XL. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15, 1025, 11 30, 12 15, 2 30, 4 15, 5 30,10 Oa, 120,. Sundays 120. aSatuiday night only. London (Midland)-5 15, 10 5,12 10, 20, 40, be, a 9 15. 120, Sun ays 120, 315. aexcept Mondays. Lymm-7 5, 8 32, 9 25, 9 54. 11 9, 111, a 137, 25. 250, 4 14, 55 33, 5 t 9, 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11. 19. Sundays 815. 225, 7 lb. °Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L N.-W.)-6 6, 7 45. 85. 95, 9 40, 11 5, 11 23. 12 40,1 5. 2 35, 3 0, 3 43, 4 25, 5 10, 5 15,7 10,9 20, 10 4u, 11 Ca 'Sundays. 80. 830 90. 9 50, a.m. 60. 10 40. From Exchange. &Saturdays only. Manchester (London-road)-7 0, 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 15. 20. 340. 655. 520.65. 75, 865, 1045. Sundays 740 6 30. 1 40,6 Saturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 35, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30. 12 30, 12 45, 1 3), 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, 4 48, 6 3, 130, 833. 9 55, a 35, 110. Sundays, 830, 9 10, 9 30, 10 4u, 140.20. 25, 635, 830. aSiturdays only. Moore-8 56. 96. 11 57, 340, 50, 783. Sundays. 819. 458 Newton 655, 725. 8 42,1) 11, 9 29, 109, 1022, 11 2, 11 30, 12 48. 10, 1 28, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 85, 9 15, 9 55. Saturdays 1 40, 32,37, 4 7. 4 58. blO, 535. Sundays 8 33, 9 49, 10 0, 3 40.? 20,11 5. Patigate 761,826,90, 10 6a 19a, 210, 3 12a, 5 18s 7 3a , 9 25a. A Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Sundays 53. 11 20, 232, 9 12, 1013. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50, 6 25, 8 15, 9 5 9 26. 10 10, 11 28, 1215, 30, 3 55, 4 35. 6 40, 6 45, 7 37, 80. 8 ao, 945. 110. Sundays 29. 45, 835, 30, 610. 10 47, 2 36. Runcorn 825. 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30, 1 25, 32, 440 5 44, 623, 8 30. Bankey-6 63, 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20. 11 24, 12 36, 1 36, 240. 344, 435, 521, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 10 40, 5 7, 9 28. Sheffield-8 25, 11 5. 1 52. 55, 70,85, Sundays, 8 10, 65. L. 'Helens-6 30, 8 42, 11 20. 125, 2 46, 430, 560, 8 2), S'und.y 1,45.25,725. Suuthpert-8 5, In 20, 11 15, 12 50, 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70. 8 10 95. 9 40. Sundays, 90, 20,80. Thelwall-7 48, 836, 739, 9 58, 1113, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9, 2 50, 41 5 37, 63, 645, 7 43, 931. 1123. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29, 71 Widnes(Cheshire Lines)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25, 2, 1 30, 3 23. 4 25. 5 21. 6 14. 7 18, 7 si. 9 25, 11 44, a San- clays 8 42, 3 33. 5 0, 9 10, 920. a Saturdays only Widnes (L.. 5 N. W.)-7 5, 8 56, 9 33, 1030, 12 16, 12 59, , 3 20, 358,50, 555. 646, 96, 116. Sundays, 814,250 0 116. Wigan -2 39. 35. 6 33, 8 15. 931. 100, 1123. 1 31. 230 0,50 20, 65, 7 36, 90, 10 35. Sundays, 249,930 3'35 55, 1 13.

CARTER'S LITTLE WES PILLS.

ic:lace.Crift) BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT the pleasantest dentifrice in the /Vega- world. 66"141 Cleanses the teeth and spaces Care Torpid Liver, Bile, between them asnothing else Sallow Complexion, and will. Sound and pearly white Bick Headaches promptly; teeth, rosy Ups, and fragrant and care them so as to Bt‘sy breath ensurefl. land. Chemists, 18. Pk. . kak for SOZODONT. 25.6 d.

rut ' Dose. Price. in a

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET, Adjoining the Lancashire and rkshire Railway Station THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTITABANT

PRINTING I PRINTING!

P A I NSTAK IN G PRINTERS are now- fief/ sought for by business men who study re economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Vriendly Societies Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies: Sheets In the careful production of Reports, Balance ac. ; and by Musical Union., Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly end tastetully arranged

PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINIING FOR BUILDING:SOCIET IRS, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

JOHN WALKER AND a., BEWSEY STREET WARIUNGTCN.

GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch.

SPECIALITY:

Auctioneers' Bale BLll. -C-a—ta—lo-g-ues, Conditions of Sale, Circulars. Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts Soirees. Balls. &e. Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rules,Time Sheets and Books,Note Headings,Memorandurns,Work Notes,Bill Heads, Business, Visiting and Mourning Csres, Hand:dial. &C. Solicitors, Merch ,nts, Manufactures. Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description are, requested to give a trial.

EXAMINER' ()FFICE' BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

LI 7 smal sr*. mai • ITTLE Forty. IVER :t purl! r tai

===== 0002601_18981021_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordiwzy Post oge.

5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18981021_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go'borne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley. Fleetwood. Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield. Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast. Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton. Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Walee.Preston.St•Delens. Southport. and S _,„fir Wales Ashton-in-Makerfielß,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowtan & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, itockport .and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Eight Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. , All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ..

===== 0002601_18981021_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
245 P.m.

3-0 ..

===== 0002601_18981021_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
CEITING 1301IBE— *HarleStown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

SUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green "Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek ...... *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. "These are Telegraph Offices also

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statima (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golhorne Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road. Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5, 10 a.m., 12_noon, 2 &

7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m tnd 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

1 Nil. 10-15. a.m

Parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6p, time as letters.

from the Receiving Office at Bark 4m.; from all Sub-Ogioes at the gam

TOWN DSLIVERIBS AS FOLLOWS s--

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen. • England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, 7-0 a.m. and Foreign London and the South Prodsham, Heisby, & Lymm Manchester, S,Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, Southport Prencot. Wigan, Orms- kirk With' 'a Earlesi own London. Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & south Wales Preston, Nor.h Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and a_LA• p.m. Chester • .• . ..... Manchester

13-30 „ 10-45 .• 141-30 „

111-30 a.= ( i 3-15 in.

1- 12-0 .

ndoia and Foreign, South, S.- Eastern, and Minland Counties.. Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ._ .

2-lb „ 1 3-15 ,

ter, Wales. and Ireland cilasgow, Preston. Wigan, Man- Chester, Bolton, lc Chester London and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midisnd, Northern, gastem Counties, Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stratton London .t Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

6-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898

===== 0002601_18981021_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SON'S ' 4 '',5.4.1,4.- ,140'o. - '''. • ' D

BEST TIMEKEEPERS.

GUARANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. In Sterling Silver Cases from £2 25., or in Met. Gold Cases from £5. Illustrated Book of Watches, Jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, &cc., post free.

Steam Factory:

===== 0002601_18981021_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
. . (stomi, / \ 1 i- \ ' 1 . 1 - T ' • .. ..

===== 0002601_18981021_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
25, OLD 808 ST, INT;

_ F NET 250 PAGES LORILINE I—YO • THE TEETH AND PREITH.—TIIOIOIIIOII TCTORIAL pA AT noFoRTE TuTOR cleanses the teetis from all par,isitea or impurities, harden (Full Music Size.) the gums, previ_nts tartar, stops decay. and gives to the The most 5 . POST Contains 7o Illustrations teethe peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance i The Pictorial tutor ••• Demribtive Prospectus to the breath. Price 2s, ficl. for th. liquid, or is, per jar ior I .11. being published at Nett sent Post• Free on application markable & cheap. and over 250 Songs the Florilint "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.-- price, it cannot be obtained of to "Magazine of Music" Office, est book ever published. Dances, Carols, Anthems, Adel I • anybook or musicseller unders/- 20, Ludgate Hill, London, B.C. The Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes.

1,3M.2E.3HCX

===== 0002601_18981021_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
OfECH '7/ .... ......,, . PILLS.

FOR ALL. BILIOUS AND NERVOUS 'DISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Consti

===== 0002601_18981021_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
E.

tion,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, TnomAs BItECIIIM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid., and 2s. M. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

A Sure and Certain CURE for PAINS in the BACK & JOINTS.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. WEIR'S A NEW DISCOVERY.

POROUS PLASTER

Will relieve pain 30 minutes after applying the Plaster. ALL CHEMISTS. Wholesale : 104, GOLDEN LANE E.C.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra lid. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-29 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 cm. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18981021_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil. 2111. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
8&64, LUDGATE HILL, EC.;

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

- WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take. some good Compound such as

===== 0002601_18981021_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. •

FREE rROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, Brc

IBIs:'

TOOTHACHE AND NEURALCIA CURB. In bottles. Is, lid., of all Chemists or Pot Free from Manufacturer, Mr. A. B ROBINSON. L.D.S.. R.C.S., London, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 Seymour-street, Liverpool.

II 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either ex, LAaIEIK q. th uired m constitutional Discharges from e CeR,S Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the tak. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of ao ears. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The Lincoln and Midland Counties ,Drug Compwly, Addt

_ The finest Coffee Essenca that money can buy is Symirigton's Edin- burgh Coffee Essence. Makes a cup in a moment. From Crooers through- out the w0r4140.0000.0.40v00.1

j/ el: • 4‘. "I 47' 4 ft.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
IV TCHES

Makers of the "BANK," "LUDGATE," and "FIELD." Worn by everybody.

Special Chronographs as used. for timing the Derby, Oaks, St. Leger, &c.

SELECTIONS SENT 'ON APPROVAL.

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free.

28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.Ca, LOND3II,

===== 0002601_18981021_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• L

===== 0002601_18981021_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
11..

:, -.:• . l. .. • 'i''., t -4 ;:t ' 1t 1

; .

;

e' I : t '1

. I 4

t

P

4 . f,

I

===== 0002601_18981021_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Etta; to tbe ellitor.

THE BATTLE OF THE POLLS.

Sir,—We are now apperaching the Nevember Munich pal Elections, and the addresses of the reipective candi- dates on the hoardings are most amusing, if not instructive. Some of our past legislators speak prominently in the first person singular r—Cheep gas and other useful improvements which be, and he alone carried out, and finally passed into law for th 3 time being. Bath the Liberal and the Conservative vie with etch other in their desire and zeal to promote economy— th ! how elastic that word is—and rahe the moral stitch of the inhabi- tants, electors and non-electors. We are now being cajoled and flattered, but to my mind bamboozled by tbest promot r.Ft of cheap gas, &c. We have had these good and pious intmtions dinned into or ears in the past, but promises, like the proverbial pie crust, have been broken more than observed. One candidate dwells upon his carrying into effect the Park improvements, on Seethes as other days. Another dilates upon the fact that we now have three. pence per thousand feet redu:tion in gas. In a word such is the inventive genius of some of thesa municipal legislators that in future they purpose improving on the past by attending to labour matters, keeping the stan- dard rate of wales in force, and insisting on hiving the fair contract clause inserted in our by-laws, so that any and every job or contract must be given to the person who pays the standard rate of wages. To each of these resolves I say aye ! Again sir, some of our friends have disc irded their political colours (sea posters). Why ? Are they ashamed of a deep red—the emblem of their hope? Echo answers are they ? Now one word more and I have done in this connec- tion. In going threueh the names of our past and pre- sent representatives I fail to see one single name—or member of the large Catholic body of this town among our Town Councillors. Yet there are many members of that Church whose business ability and sterling worth are in every path of life unquestioned and un- questionable. That matters appertaining to the commu- nity in question will crop up from time to time, and with which their repr3sent3tive would alone be able to grasp intelligently is beyond the shadow of a doubt. Nevertheless no Catholic representative graces the Coun- cil Chamber. Elow is this ? hit for the want of thought. Again again, echo answers is it? Or perchance 'tie The good old rule, the simple plan That they should take who have the power And they should keep who can. Yours truly, J. P. K.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
UPPER IIOWLEY-Tlll NIGHT SOIL COLLECTING VANS.

Sir,—Having recently complained of the nuisance the night soil collecting vans and of the nose the men created by shouting to one ancthsr, thus disturbing the neighbourhood, I think it only fair to the men to say that up to now there has been a markid improvement as far as they are concerned, and the vans go In4ck ward aid forward without us hearing a word from the men. If it were not for the noise of the wheels no one would known that the work was going on. I believe our thanks are due to the Chief Inspectors, who,when they bcame aware of it, determined to put it down at once. On behaf of the workingman in this neighbourhood, I sincerely thank them for the improvement so far. The rest I suppose must be left with the authorities.—Yours truly, S. DATIES.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION AND "THE FEATHERS" LICENSE.

Sir,—The decision of the Warrington Corporation at their last meeting, by 14, votes to 13, to carry out the praposed arrangement with a leading brewery firm, wil I am convincei, not meet with the apt proval of a large section of th 3 people of Warrington, when they know fully the details of such arrangement. The terms apparently are so much in favour of the firm in question, thst it is incom- prehensible to some, how a body or business men who form the Corporation of Warrington could for a moment even contemplate such an arrangement, let alme actu- ally enter into it. It is not at all surprising that when transactions of this nature are carried out there should be a painful impression created in the to vn that when the Corporation are dealing with certain firms, then the town's interests suffer materially. It is not for me to say whether such an impression be correct or not, but if the arrangement I refer to is carried out, then such an impression will certainly be strengthened. Although no doubt some of your readers are aware of the arrangement, yet there are many wto are not fully aware of all the details. So far as I was able to gather them at the meeting of the Councd, which I attended, they are as follows '• Messrs. Walker and Co. to give up a strip of land in Queen-street, and a strip of land in Bridge-street in ex- change for the Feathers license, and the transferring o the license to an intended new public-house in Orford- lane. Power, however, is reserved by Messrs. Walker and Co. of annulling the contract if the Bicenaine Bench do not consent to the transferring of the house to Orford-lane. The latter part of the arrangement would not have come to lieht if it had not been for the bold steed made by Councillor Tinnioe, who had literally to drag out th • information. RI was not at all surprising that certain members of the General Purposes Committee gave an onlooker the impression of being h.artily ashamed of the transaction—though they voted for it. It will be remembered that the monetary value of the Feathers license has generally been estimated at £3,000. The house and license have cest the town nearly £5,000. New what is the monetary value of the exchange? Well, Councillor Shaw Green,who ought to know,valued the Queen-se:act property which will have to be ouled down at £7oo,But it must be borne in mini that Messrs. Walks'. and Co. will be retaining a great portion of the lard on which the.3e houses steal. The Corporation only ootain the front strip. Then with reference to the strip of land in Bridge-street, this I understand is the mere removing of the railings in front of the Lion Rotel, and the addition to the footpath could net ha valued by any stretch of the imagination at £2OO. The town therefore. will not be obtaining in val re even £l,OOO in exchange. I am, therefore, borne to the con- clusion that if the proposed arrangement he carried out the town will suffer a loss of over £2,000. Coancillor Peacock places the figures at £5,000. And mind you there will be no extinguishing of a license in addition. And yet the General Purposes Committee worded their resolution "In the be.t interests of the town," Now I venture to ask the 14 members of the Corpora- tion who voted for such an arrangement, if there is one of them, if the Feathers Hotel had belonged to him would have entered into such an arrangement? I ven- ture to reply, and say no not one! The voting, I regret to say, bore the mark of being political: So long as men are weak enough to vote on party lines, the town's interests at times are bound to suffer and do suffer. In this case Councillir Bennett was an honourable exception,and the stand he made redounds much to his credit. I have not touched upon the higher morality of the question, althougt there is a great deal to be said on tnat side of it. I have simply taken up my pen to appeal to the 14 gentlemen to withdraw from their illogical position before it is tno late to save tho annals of the town from being disgraced. The arrangement from whatever light it may be looked at cannot be defended for one memsnt. As Alderman Henry Roberts from his words inferred "It would partake too much of the nature of a gift to the firm in question." Apf4logising for taking so much of your space,—l remain, yours faithfully, E. ENGLAND.

DROPPING} A LIGHTED MATCH ON A. BED. On Monday night the Warrington Fire Brigade were called to a fire at 16. Ship-yard, about ten minutes to six o'clock. They proceeded to the scene with a steam engine, and found that the flames, which were confined t) a bedroom, had been extinguished with buckets of wa at. It seems that the tenant of the house struck a match in the bed- room, and let it drop on the bedclothes, Petting them on fire. The Brigade returned as their services were not required. P.S.A. SOCIETY AT TIEF. Y.M.C.A. ..

£l.

The meeting of society on &Imlay W 49 well attended, rnd a Road address was delivered by Mr. Morton. The Chairman (Mr. George Holford) gave a very intereFsing and encouraging aodress. Mr. Atherton was the organist, and Mr. Hickman was again at the piano. Mr. A. Baker received well tapplauqe for his solo, " Abide with me " m(Leirdidlp). Mr. Gregson and Mr. Meakin also took part in the service. : •

IT IS AN AGONY OF AGONIES A torture of tortures It is al itchirg and b3rning of the skin almo beyond endurance,. It I th msands of pin-headed vesicles tilled with an acrid fluid, ever forming., ever bursting, ever flowing upnn the raw, excoriated shin. No part of the 4 human .tin is exempt. It tnrtares• difizurss, and humiliates more than all abet* skin diseases combined. Tender babies are amr,ng its mot numerous victim i s. They are (. fteu horn with t. Sleep and rest are nut of the que•tion. Most temedies and the best physicians generally fail.eveta to relieve. Sue') i 4 Eczema, the greatest shin humour of modern times. If Curtrutta did no more than relieve Eczema it would b • entitled to the gratitude o mankind. It not only r lieVC. hut relieves instantly. A. warm bath with CUTICITRA SOAP, a sin2le anointing wtth CIITICORA (rintmcnt), the great skin Cure, tw a hill dose of COTICORA RESOL- TINT, greatest f blond purifiers and humour cures, is sufficient t, allay itching and irritation, seothe joflam mating, remove crusts anti scale', permit rest and sleep. and piint tn S speedy cure, when all else (*Ha. Truly Cuxicmga Works Wonders.

EARLESTOWN A.ND NEWTON.

SOCIAL EVENING.

A " Social " was held at the Mission Hall, Earles- town, oa Monday evening. There were about 40 persons present, and dancing was indulged in to the music supplied by Mr. J. H. Peplow. The evening was very enjoyable. EARLESTOWN _

The usual weekly meeting of the P.S.A., was held on Sunday, when there was a full attendance, Mr. W. Brown presided, and Mr. Taylor, Police Curt Mis.ionary (Warrington) was the principal speaker. Vocal items were given by Miss Woods,and recita- tions were given by Mrs. Andrews. Pomcn CASES. _

At the Earlestown Police Station on Monday morning before Mr. J. W. Emmett, Gerard Dowd, was committed for 14 days imprisonment for being drunk at Newton on Sunday, and assaulting Mr. W. Owen, landlord of the Millstone Inn. Thomas Joyce was fined 2s, 63., and costs for being drunk and disorderly at Newton on Saturday. WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The annual missionary sermons were preached in the Wesleyan Chapel, Earlestown, on Sunday, by the Rev Pit Passmore. There were fair congrega- tions at each set rice, and at night the choir sang the anthem" How lovely are the Messengers." Collections were made in aid of the Wesleyan Missions. GOOD TEM:DIARY IT EABLESTOWN. The weekly meeting of the Hope of Earlestown Lodge of Good Templars, was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, on Monday evening. Bra. R W Nichol- son presided. Four candidates were initiated to membership. Greetings wer3 received from the Dresden Victory Lodge, Staffordshire. Arrange- ments were made for the 26th anniversary tea and concert. Members were invited to attend the enter- tainment to be given at Ashton, by the Haydock lodge on Wednesday night. WELLINGTON 110 TEL PICNIC CLUB. A smoking concert in connection with the above club took place at the Wellington Hotel, Earles- town, on Thursday evening. Mr. Anders presided, and the following programme was submitted : Overture, Mr. H. Curran; song, "Monarch of the Woods," Mr. W. Rigby; song." Remember me," Mr. E. H. Healer; song, " Queen cf the earth," Mr. R. Franklin; song," The Skipper and his boy," Mr. W. Anders; dnet."lmitation ot bagpipes," Mr.C.Dicken- son and Mr. H. Curran; song, "The joys of gold,"Mr. J. Vandry; selection on the bones, Mr.C. Dickenson; song, "The white squall," Mr.W.Rigby; song, "Some day I'll visit old Ireland," Mr.P.Lynch; song, "When she goes to Bee Bo," Mr. J. Vandry; sang, "The Diver," Mr. R. Franklin ; duet, " Alice, where art thou ?" Messrs. Dickenson and Curran; song," The song that reached my heart," Mr. W.Rigby. SMOKING CONCERT AT HAIRLBSTOWN. The first of the winter series of smoking con- certs promoted by the Earlestown Conservative Club took place on Friday evening in the large billiard room of the club. Mr. W. Collingvrood pre- sided and there was a large attendance of members. The whole of the items on a lengthy programme ' were excellently submitted. The following was the the "bill of fare" :—"Pianoforte solo," overture from " Bohemian Girl," Mr. A. Walker ; song " On to the front," Mr. G. Wright; whistling solo " The song that reached my heart," Mr. J. Howard ; song "The Powder Monkey," Mr. W. Sephton ; selection on fairy bells, Mr. J. Isherwood; song "Anchored," Mr. W. IL Kay; humorous smog "Soap," Mr. J. Huddles- ton ; song "Queen of the Earth,' Mr. C. H. Lea ; whistling solo, Mr. J. Howard ; song "Jack's re- ward," Mr. G. Wrieht ; instrumental quartette Messrs. Appleton, Walsh, Anderton. and Morris ; song The sentinel am I," Mr. W H. Kay; musical glasses,Mr. J. Isherwcol; song "The young brigade" Mr. C. H. Lea. Mr. A. Walker ably accompanied. At the close a vote of thanks was accorded the Chairman and artists. WARGRAVE CHURCH HARVEST FESTIVAL The services in connection with the Harvest Thanksgiving were continued at Wargrave Church on Sunday. At the morning sorvice the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. Canon Willis, M.A., rector of Warrington. In the afternoon an organ recital was given by Mr. E. Leyland, organist, with musical selections by the choir, when the following pro- gramme was efficiently submitted to a large con- gregation ;Organ eolo (" a) Serenata " (to) Andante " A minor ;" anthem." Oh worship the King ;" vocal solo "The Watchers " Miss M. Holt ; organ solo " Allegretto Pastorale ; recit. "Ye p rople ;" air "If with all your hearts," Mr. W. Smalley; air " From Mighty Kings," Miss K. Corlett ; vocal solo "Beyond the Gates," Miss L. Gorse ; organ solo, "Trumpet March"; anthem,"Pleail thou my cause," choir. In the evening the church was crowded,and an interesting and instructive sermon was preached by the Rev. G. Lakeman B D . vic ir of St. Mark's, , St. Helens. The offertories during the day amounted to over £l4. AN EARLEST3WN BAILIFF'S SEIZURE OF A PIANO At the sitting of the Warrington County Court last week, before his Honour Judge Wynne Fioulkes, a claim was made by Mr. Cross, musical instrument dealer, of Mount •street, Manchester, for £l5 damages for the defendant. Thomas L itimsr, converting to his own use o pianoforte hire! by the plaintiff te one John Gregory.— Ar. George Rideal, solicitor. Manchester, appeared for the plaintiff, and stated that the piano had been sold to John Gregory for £3B, of which £23 had been paid, leaving .£l5 owing. The sale was upon Vie hire purcha,d3 system. In November last the defendan!-, Thomas Latimer, a certificated bailiff of the court, acting under a distress warrant from Gregory's landlord seized the piano for rent, and it was now in defend- ant's house at Earlestowe.—Mr, H. J. Longton,who appeared for the defence, said that as a matter of fact the piano had been sold to defendant's wife, who was a professional teacher of music, and it was now in her possession.—Mr. Rideal replied that the piano was inspected by Mr. Cross last week under order of the Court, and it was now in defendant's house.—Mr. Longton : Mrs. Latimer carries on a separate business from her husband, and the piano is in her own possession. She would have been there to mterplead for the piano, but the plaintiff had claimed only for damages and not for the re • turn of the instrument. Mr. Rideal submitted that the piano ought to have been sold by auction, and that the sale was an improper one, and illegal under the Act of Parliament.—The plaintiff having given evidence, Mr. Longton said he would prove by wit- nesses that all had been regularly don'.—Mr. A. W. Howard, estate agent, proved giving the distress warrant to the defendant, and that £9 lOs was at the time due for rent from Gregory.—Mr. Ilickme' gave evidence, and the defendant was also called.— His Honnsr gave judgment for tle defendant, and lefused Mr. Ridears application to appeal.

Hickman 1

===== 0002601_18981021_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
ST HELENS.

THE PRIZE COUPON CASE AT ST. HELENS. The case which was mentioned at the last sitting of the St. Helens County Court,in which Mr C. W. Francle a foreman at the Prespot Watch Factory, calmed three shares of £35 53. 103., each in one of the "Spnrting Chronicle" handicap book competitions, has now been disposed of by Mr. Justice Channel!, the judge in Cham- bers. Defendants applied for a writ of prohibition to prevent the a'otion being tried in the County Court. on ! the ground th it the brituting of three sea '"at actions for £35 ss. 101., was really " splitting " a totil de:nand of £lO5 17s. 81., and could not thrr gcre, he entertained by the County Court, the limit of whoss jurisdirtioo is £so.—The effect of th delision is that the must tither reduce his total claina,to £5O if he wishes to remain in the Counts Court,or he muss commence fresh proceedings in the High CO,Dt. CHILD ABSNDONHENT AT ST. HELENS. • James Wash. lab ourer, and Sarah ha wife, both be- longing to Burden'. were char,ted at St. Selene on Tuesday, with abandoning their child John, aged two years, in a manner likely to cause unnecessary Suffering. Mr. H L Rdey prospected on behalf of the National Society for the Prevention:of Crutity to Children, and said that the provioue afternoon the man and woman, who had been lodging at Gallaher); on Sandfield-cresent, left their child in a perambulator at the corner of the Crescent and Liverpool-mid. Constable Nicholson said that. at half past live o'cl)ck on Monday he Raw pri- soners in Payen-street. The man was about a hundred . garde in front of the woman. and going in the direetio, of Warrington. Tne woman spoke to the comtable. and . told him that the child had 1:)!en !eft in Liverpool-road. She had tried to prevail on her husband to go bock for it but he said that if her husband would not Ce back she would not. He allowed her to rejoin her husband, but as they still went on towards Warrington he ran alter them and arrested them. Walsh alleged that a dispute had arisen between his wife and him e'f as to whn should wheel the perambulator through the town. He 07:4A will. ir g to wheel it in the country, tont it touched his dignity to have to wheel it throu4h the tows—Walsh and his wifo were each cromrnitted to Walton G Act for a month's hard labour.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLISTS Usl PILLAR BRAND. . _

Lubricatlnz and 13nrung-Dils—a-nd—Cs7;le Fnarnel, Enamelletta an 4 Brunswick. Black. Fram all Dealers.

AGENTS: McLRAN AND CO., 13, Stil3l.-STliliar, LIVERPOOL

===== 0002601_18981021_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21 1898.

FATALITY AT EA.RLESTOWN.

A FATAL FALL.

On Saturday morning a man named William Water- man, 60 years of age, employed as a carpeater at the Viadue; Works, and who resided at 3, Chandos-street, Earlestown, was engaged repairing a wagon, when he fell through the Wagon frame, his head coming in con- tact with one of the wheels. When attended to Ise appeared to be unconscious, but revived, and he was assisted up. As be appeared to heirs a serious condition he was placed oa the ambulance litter, and taxers hems. Medical assistance was sent for, but before Dr. Ei andy- side arrived, the unfortunate man had expired. The inquest was held at the Wellington flo:el, E srle s- town on Tusclay morning by Mr. S. Brighouse. Mr. Tinker, HM, Inspector of Factories was present, and Mr. Bland watched the inq riry on behalf of the L. and N.W. Railway Company. The Coroner opened the enquiry with a brief statement of facts, whdrti were a, above. He said he thought be should like to have a look at the wagon himself and did so. The wagon was a skeleton,and be drew a rough skstch for the information of the jury, showing, the p esition of the wagon fr and explained how it was supposed the man had fallen. It was surmised, he said, that he was kneeling on the longitudinal, and his hand was resting on the diagonal, and it was supposed that the latter had dropped down. and the man had fallen forward striking his bead against the wheel, which was only 10 inches below the frame. _ _ _

Mn. Mary An Waterman,widow of the deceased,said ha resided at 3, Chandos-street, Eartestown. His age was 59 vears,and he was a wagon mill?r for the London and North-Western Railway Company. H 3 had worked for the Company upwards of 20 years. He left holllP at five minutes to nine on Saturday morning, and was in good health, and ate a very hearty breakfast. He was brought home dead shortly before tea o'clock. He was not troubled with any kind of seizure or giddiness. John Barlow rail he and deceased were workin.g at a coal wagon, and were getting a diagonal out. The dia- gonal was broken at one end, and they had to get a lot of bolts out,after which they made preparations for get- ting the headstock off. Ha (witness) went to get the spanner,and Waterman went to the saw to get a template cut for the diagonal. He saw Waterman come back and get in the wagon, and son after witness heard a crash, and saw deceased on ths door, and found that the dia- gonal had broken and Waterman had fallsn throudh. He asked deceased if he was lion, but he never spoke, and died before leaving the works. A verdict of " Accidental death" was returned.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING FATALITY AT COLLINS GREEN.

A WARRINGTON EX-POLICE \IAN KILLED. On Moneley afterneon a drayman in the employ of Messrs. Walker's Brewery Co , Ltd., Warrington,named David Jones, 31 years of age Cable by his death in a shocking manner at Collins Graen. Jones who was in the Warrington Police Force for some yoara, lived at West-straet, Warrington, and leaves a widow and four children. He was ret orning in charge of a dray,frorn St. Helens to Warrington by way of Collins Green and Burtonwood, in company with three or four other dray- men, and on going over the bridge which crosses tne Manchester and Liverpool line near Collins Green Col- liery, Jones's horse appears to have been startled by a train pissing underneath,and se: off galloping down the incline. Jones endeavoured to get the horse under con- trol, but in doing so he was pulled off the lorry and fell under the wheels which passed over his face. He enly ' lived a few rsiinutes. The body wis removed to the Pear Tree lan to await the inquest.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
--0.-- A SE HELENS WINE MERCHANT'S WILL.

The will of the late Mr. Charles Alexander Mackintosh Gallie, of the firm of Gallie and Co., wine and spirit merchants, St. Helene, wh3 died on the I,lch December, 1898, aged forty-nine, has been proved. The testator leaves personal estate valued at £16,045. The execu- tors of Mr. Gallie'a will are his widow and her nephew Mr. W. Wilson. The testator bequeaths to Mrs. Gallie his household effects, and he left his residuary estate in trust to pay the income to her during her widowhood for the maintenance of herself and his daughter, Margaret Chalmers Galas, and in the event of the re-marriage of Mrs. Gallia, an annuity of £lOO to be paid to her for the remainder of her life, and the residuary estate, after the death or second marriage of Mrs. Gallie, is to be in trust for the testator's said daughter, Margaret Chalmers Chili., and her issue, or in the event of the failure of this trust as to one-third for the children of his brother- Cnarles Wilson, as to one-third for the children of his brother, John Gallia, and as to ona-third of the children of tots brother, George Gallie.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE APPROACHING VISIT OF THE RH.ONDDA. ROYAL GLEE PARTY.

A musical treat is in store for those who attend Parr Hall on Thursday evening next when the Rhondda Royal Glee Society will provide a grand evening concert. The choir is admittedly the finest combinatioa of Welsi vocalists which have aver , been drawn together. It is the only male voice society which has won four national Eisteddfodau first prizes including the 1.000 dollars and gold medal at the World's Fair, Chicago. It has bad the distinction of singing before Her Majesty the Queen at Windsor Castle.Slost of the performers have been twice to America,and have frequently toured in the Unite,' Kingdom. 51r.Toin Stspheas, the conductor, when questioned by Her Majesty on the occasion of the visit anti led to said that three-fourths of the singers were miners. Her Majesty was delightsd wiAl the singing and asked fora repetition of " The Men of Elarlech." As her Majesty was retir- ing she handel to her German librarian, Mr.Muther, a small case containing a beautiful scarf pin for Mr. Tom Stephens as a memento of the occasion. It is a gold pin, mounted with diamonds and rubies, forming the royal crown, surmounting the initials " V.R.1." A large solid silver case for Mr. W. A. Morgan followed. Mr. Stephens vvas also asked to follow the Queen into an ante room and write his name in her birthday book. Noticing that he was a little flurriel her Majesty bade him take plenty of time,and said there were plenty of pnis to choose from. In coming out of the state apartments into St. George's Hall, Mr. Stephens was button- holed by Sir Walter Parratt, the Queen's organist, and enthusiastically congratulated upon the great impression which the concert had created. "Of all the choirs I have seen," declared Sir Walter, " I have never yet seen one so completely under the command of the conductor as yours have been to night." " I told you," continuad the Queen's or- ganist, turning to a gentleman wao stool by him. "the people ot Wales can sing even English music much better than the English people themselves. This has been one of the greatest musical treats of ,my life," and as he said 93 he grasped the hands of the happy little Welshman and cordially shook , them. And do you think," chimed in Mr. Muther " that Windsor is too far for you to visit us again." "Why." responded Mr. Tom Stephens with alacrity "we shall only be too delighted." The choir will be assisted at Warrington. by the following first-class artistes :—Madame Williams-Penn, It A.M., Mr. DaviA Jones, A..R.A.31., Mr. Tern Salsthiel, and Eas Dar (the renowned singer of ancient Welsh verse. Violin solos will be contributed by Hiss %label 'ransley, of the Royal conservatorium of Music. Leipzig, and Miss Bessie Jones will perform on the harp An excellent pro- gramme has been arranged, and there is every promise of a most enjoyable raveling's entertain- ment. The proceeds are in aid of the Y.M.O A.

HARVEST rIIANKSOIVIN—G lIELVICES AT HOORN. The harvest thanksgiving serii,es were held on Sunday in the Wesleyan Cnurch,whsn eloquent and impressive sermons were prase led by the Rev. G. liarbottle, will cook for his tes-. Vas last verse of Psalm cxxvi., dealing with the first portion in the morning, and concluding his exposition as the even- ing service. In the afternoan at a children's meet- ing he earnestly invited the large number of scholars who were present to decide for Christ. Special and bean tiful harvest hymns were well sung by the chiranid congregation. Mr. John Banner presiding at the organ. The church was mist taste. fully decorat,,d, the rostrum being covered by masses of li helm is and other daisies together with handsome p:anrs,and two immense loaves were dis- played, and two mo 4 skillfully made miniature stacks, which were the handiwork of Mr. Joseph Foster. Thn elaborate device of , Maltese cross and circlA was the work of Mrs: T. Lawton. The , east window ledge was beautifully decorated by Mrs. James Cartwright and Miss Lawton,and the aide windows by Messrs. Cartwright and Basnett, Misses Brough, Johns in, Banner, Wilkinson, Foster, &c. The archei flanking the rostrums were arrange by Miss Gipsy Slosn v. • All the work was of tie mo,t artistic description. Very large congregations essemblecLand the offirt odes amounted to £4 Os 81. A la-ge nurnh.r of palms and giant-foliage plants lent by Mr. Birch occupied prominent places, and were decided adjuncts to the decoration of the sacred building.

BIIILLTTIFUL P,IODIJO VIONi IN MILLI:4111:Y, Mantles, Jackets, Fars, Dress Fabrici.to. For Autumn Wear: now on View, at lowest possible prices. W. T. WILLIAMS, 74. Sankey-street, and 1, Legh-street, Warrington —Advt. Pttil t ar.3.1113, special tarrns.—aaatatus, Agent ,Warrington.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH AND FUNERAL OF MR. CHARLES TWISS.

The death of Mr. Charles Twiss, the headmaster of People's College Schools, Warrington, removes from our midst one of the best-known men in the town. His death was startling in its suddenness. While making preparations at the school last Satur- day morning for a pupil teachers' examination Mr. Twiss was seized suddenly with illness. He was at once conveyed to his home in Cairo-street, and Drs. White and Fox were summoned. Despite the most skilful nursing and medical attention, his condition grew rapidly worse,and he succumbed to his illness at six o'clock on Sunday evening, death being due to acute congestion of the lungs and syncope. He was 59 years of age. As a mark of respect the flags at the Town Hall and Liberal Club were hoist-d half mast. In our last is ,us we reportel a speech by Mr.Twies made at the founiation stone laying of new branch schools at. Bank (bay. He was then looking in the best of ' health and spirits, and made a characteristically , happy speech. Now he is no more ! Within one short week his friends have gathered round his grave and his remeins have found their last resting place. The deceased gentleman was of a most retiring disposition. He disliked anything that savoured of prominence or publicity,and took no active part in questions of a political or religious nature. He rarely spoke in public, and then only on matters pertaining to educational work—Oß which his opinions were most valuable. But _nevertheless he was a popular man. He was known and respected throughout the town and district. His popularity was almost entirely due te the manner in which he discharged the duties of headmaster of People's College. Mr. Tense was a born schoolmas- ter. Never hal a school a more conscientious or devoted servant than he. His guiding principles were diligence, perseverance and indefatigability. 11,s whole energy was given freely t everything which c mcerne I the welfare of his schoel. Regu- larity and punctuality were distinguishing features of his life, and their importance to the scholars he inculcated by his own example. Such a man de- Served success and Mr. Twiss' s schools were success- ful in a remarkable degree. The development of People's College from very humble beginnings has been largely due to Mr. Twiss, and the high standard of excellence which it has attained has done much to redeem Warrington as an educa- tional centre from an unenviable position. Mr. Twiss was a Warrington man. He commenced his education at a school then existing in Newton- street, the head master of which at that time was tne late Mr. Edwara Brewtnall. Mr. Twiss became a pupil teacher at the same school, and after com- pleting his apprenticeship he went to the Borough. road Training College, Lend on. 0 i the completion of his college career he took charge of schools at St. Helens and Bowdon. But upon the death of Mr. Haydn he was appointed headmaster of the People's College, at the close of the year 1870. The old Newton-street School had then hem pulled down to afford a site for the present Central Station and until the erection of a portion of the buildings which to-day constitute the People's College the scholars were taught in the Buttermarket-street Wesleyan School and in the Golborne-street school. About 1871 the school in Arpley-street was ready for occupation, and at the commencement there were little more than 200 scholars on the books. As illus- trating the development of the school during Mr. T wise's time as head master it may be stated that the number of scholars to-day is over 1,000, The school itself has during that time undergone great altera- tions. In the first place the room leading from the front porch was used as an infants' school, but as time went on and the number of scholars rapidly increased infants' schools were established in Cairo- street and at Bank Quay to relieve the parent school. Scholars were then only taken from the first standard at People's College. It was subse- gently found necessary to add two large rooms to the exi-ting buildings, and at a more recent date a large room for cookery lessons. Under Mr. Twiss's careful supervision the school has always had most gratifying reports from her Majesty's inspectors, and on several occasions special mention has been made of it in Blue Books. Alr.Twiss took an active interest in everything which tended to the intel- lectual improvement of young and old. On two occasions he was invited by the Cemmission ap- pointed by the Government to consider questions of over-pressure in day-schools and the working of the pupil teacher system, to give evidence, and he complied te both invitations Throughout the 28 years of his headmastership of People's College, Mr. Twiss scrupulously upheld the unFectarian principles of the school which have been a most prominent characteristic of its career, and have added not a little to its success. In his numerous scholars Mr. Twiss took a great interest. Nor did it end when they had passed through the school. He watched their careers and encouraged them by a kindly ward. Mr. TWit33 was repeatedly asked by employers of labour and professional men to suggest suitable lads for various posts, and he was generally able to put his hands on the right one. He was always delighted to hear of the success of an old scholar, and it is not too much to say that they are now to be found scattered in all parts of the globe. No scholar ever left his school who did not cherish and carry through life with him a deep affection and respect for his old head-master. lie might have had unpleasant experiences of his master's strictnees of discipline, but these were forgotten in the con- sciousness of the lasting good he had received, and of a debt which he could never repay. The following letter which Mr. Twist] wrote last Friday is the last he ever penned and is typical of his generosity and thoughtfulness. It was addressed to Councillor A. Woods as chairman of the Art Ex- hibition Committee, and was as follows: " People's k College, Warrington, October 14th, 1898,—Dear Sir. I shall have much pleasure in sending the scholars to the exhibition of pictures on Friday afternoon next, the 22nd inst., and beg to enclose cheque for the amount. f think the committee have taken a very desirable step in arranging for the children of the various schools to visit the exhibition at so reasonable a subscription.-1 am, yours faithfully, Cr/ARLES Twiss.” _ TUE FUNERAL.

The grave closed -o—v-; -ders3.--re"M-a.Tns of the deceased gentleman on Tuesday afternoon when all that remained mortal found its last resting-place in Sc. T00033.9'8 Churchyar I,Stockton Heath. ThelfuneralcortAze left the late reeidenc-.! of the deceased Reit tleman in Cairo-street, at 2.30 amid many manifestatioh4 of respect. Although no; a punlic funeral, there was a very large attendance. Along the line of the route to Stockton Heath blinds were to be seen drawn and shutters raised as a mark of respect. The coffin,which was of fumed oak with brass mountings, bore the simple inscription, " Charles Twigs, died October 16h, 1898,aged 59 years." It was cevered with numr rens wreaths. The innurn,irs in the first three catriagea were :—Messrs W H Woodlock and Stanley Wilson (eons-in-lsw), Mr L Henshall, Mr F Twice, Mr John rwies,Mr A Broady, Mr Ge3rge El Timperley, Mr F Tirnperley, Mr W Timperley, aud Mr John Miller. There were present representing the People's College Mr J J Croifield (secretary), Mr Walter Milner (treasurer), Mr George Delrin. and Mr 1 Rymer Young. The teach- ing staff at People's College and the Infant sChOOllll was retnve rated by jr E iward Wallington, Mr Bolton,Mr Caress, Mr H.ll, Mr I Bewen, Mr A Knicseee. and. the mistresses, aFsistant mistre +lies and pup I tearhws. As tepr ,senting the Warrington and Di rtriot Teachers' ASSOCiatiOI there were present : Mr J Upson (President), Mr sIV Jeffrey (secretary), an] Messra. J Dee/hunt and A Corney. Other schoolmallera pin-sent were Mr. Stansfield (St. James'), Mr Aneett (Runcorn), and Mr Brown (Earlestown). Toe Warrington Trsining Cole ze was represented by th, principal, the Rev Morley Stevenson, and the Warrington Grammar School tha Rev E .1 Wilicocks. Amongst others prrsent were Mr ,3 Wright (representing the M iyor who was on busineis in London connected with the Corporation), Mr Proud (on behalf of the Warrin4ton Permanent Blne- fir. Bulling Society), Dr Fox, Mr Crawford, Mr A Br ewne tee Rev Canon- Willis (Rector), Rev John Yonge. and R-v 1 H Hu;rhe. (Hill Chile), Mr F Monks, J.P., Alderman Roleerta J.P., Alderman Hutchinson, Conch. lore Rennet% Rogers, ani J Evans ; and Mestra C Made- ley, T Birch ii, J.P., II Rathbone, Garside, William Gill, 0 Gol,T Blrtles,W Miller, James Whittle, Percy Wii`cll• W Jeff,tY, 8 Wadr,worth, J T Gordon, J C Thomozoo. Segar Owen, Hill, J Fairhurst,H G Henshall, W Bolton, J Monefield,John Harriiion,C J Holmes, Ikea. Critchley, W C IsTicholeon, Francis Dixon, W Rielverdson, W Scot- eon, Shackleton, G Roberts, \V J FLthw,W Dilworth,G J B Claike, W Jones, J Walton. J Strange, RarnfortC, and E Pickavance, jun. Mr. James Ashley and Mr T Dale were present on behalf of Bank Quay Workinemeee Mission, and the Admiral Nelson Lodge (Warrington DistriLt) Independent Order of Oddfellows, M.ll .nf which the deceased gentleman had been a mem- ber 39 sea-s. was represented by Bros. John Einson, PrOv. C.S., the secretary of the lodge, and F J Wnittle. P.P.G M.

Dr Male, the deceased gentleman's medical atten- dant, was unable to be present. Private carriages had been arrat by Mr William Lang, Mr F Monks, and Col)* cillor Jahn Cresfield. A largn number of scholars from the, Penpl,'s College wAre prCSent in the churchyard. The service at tin chtirch was very impression, it was conducted by the Revs. E, C. E. Carleton and S. P. •

Gray. The choir of the church was present and sang the Dist Psalm and the hymn " On the resurrection morn." At the conclusion of the service the organist, Mr. Frederick Rose, played the Dead March in ," Saul," the congregation standing. The coffin was then borne from the church to the graveside, where the concluding portion of the burial service was read by tho Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, in the presence of a very large company. Beautiful floral tributes had been sent by the fellow- in; :—Mr and Mrs Wilson (son-in-law and daughter), Mr and. Mrs Woodcock (son-in-law and daughter), Miss Twiss (daughter), "The Little Ones"—Pattie, Graham, Kenneth, and Freda ; Mss Timperley, Mrs Timperley, Mr and Mrs George 11 Tirnperley, Mr and Mrs F Timperley, Mr F TWiES and family, Mr and Mrs L Lienshall, teachers and scholars of the People's College, committee of the People's College, Mr John Crosfiold, Mrs Leigh Wilson, and Miss Wilson; directors and officials of the Warrington Permanent Benefit Building Society, Mr Pickavance, Mr and Mrs Garside. Mr and Mrs Gill and family,the Mayor and Mayoress, Mr and Mrs Frank H Wilsn, Miss Clare, the Warrington and District Teachers' Association, Mr and Mrs Dinwidiie and fa oily, Ur and Mrs William Long, Mr and Mrs E Wallington and famiiy, Mrs F W Walker. Mr and Mrs Birtles, Mr and Mrs Crawford. Mr and Mrs Dewhurst. Mr and Mrs Shackleton, Mr and Mrs Mainwaring, Mr and Mrs Ferguson, Mr and Mrs Connor, Mr and Mrs Powell and family, Mr and Mrs Arthur Browne, Mr and Mm Richardson, Miss Turnock, Mr and Mrs W H Robinson, Mr and Mr Craik Mr and Mrs William Owen, Mr Sgar Owen. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr C Jackson Holmes, Bridge-street.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
REFERENCE AT THE LITERARY AND • PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY'S MEUING.

Kindly reference was made to the death of Mr. Charles Tiviss at the opening meeting c f the Warrington Liter- ary and Philosophical Society on Monday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. R. Young. The CHAIRMAN said they had once more to record the loss of a very valued membsr of the society. During the two years he (Mr. Young) was president, too fre- quently was it his duty to mike known the loss they were sustaining by the death of valued members ef their society. Probably they would all be aware that Mr. Charles Twiss,head master of the People's College,passed away on the previous day. Mr. Twiss had b3en a mem- ber of thet soctety something like 15 or 16 years, but he had never succeeded in inducing him t 3 offer them a piper, and those who keew him well knew why. A more sensitive and retiriag man he never met, and he perfectly abhorred anything that Favoured of promin- ence or publicity. If evidence, however, were needed of Mr. Twiss's ability it was seen in the school they knew as the People's College, in the illitnitude of his , scholars and in the splendour of his annual reports. Those who knew him intimately, as he was privileged to do, understood how absolutely he sacrificed himself for the echoel. He (Mr. Young) happened to be a mem- bsr of the committee of the school, and he was in a positioa to say that on all occasions the interests of the school and his scholars occupied the first position in his mind. He was also in a position to say that more than once or twice the committee had to almost compel Mr. Twiss to think somewhat of his own pardeular interests. They would agree with him that tht occasion should not be passed over without expressing their sympathy with the bereaved family of a very honoured member. The Rev. MORLEY STEvENsom, president of the society, said he would like to add a word or two to what their ex-President had said with regard to the late Mr. Twiss. Lie heartily re-echoed every word that had fatlen from him. He (Mr. Sievens in) happened to have been awe clat el with Mr Twisi in matters of common educational work for &considerable time, and he would like to say that he did not think he had ever in his life met anyon& who was so censcientious in the parformance of his duties, who so succeeded in giving himself up to the work which he had taken in hand, and who set such an example of a whole devotion to duty as did Mr. Twiss. He must have earned the respect of all who came in con- tact with him,not only in the profession he adorned, but as a good citizen awl a good man.Thcseiwere not exagger- ated words. He meant frem his heart the simple words he had uttered. Not only had that society sustained a less, but the town had sustained a loss also, which they would find out more and more as time went on.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
LINES ON THE DEATH OF CHARLES TWISS.

Hear ye that knell,the deep-ton'd cry of death? Aglow and mournful dirge,with note profound; List, as it tolls its ever solemn sound, It ushers an immortal one to earth! Stay gentle muse, inspire the sacred line Of praise to him,whose name is on the quiv'ring lip Of many here who knew him—a sad scene, So sudden, so severe his loss! Who was A modest mam,—a novelty—an honest man, More rare ; and as we mourn his loss, we say We do not bury Rood men everyday. For they are few, and tears that in the eye Now sparkle, prove how he was loved, By old and young, a learned friend and true, A citizen of unsullied life, In good repute, and pleasant with all men. Say he was gentle, kind, agreeable, We may not life recall, but truth to say, That even his failings leaned to virtue's side ! Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARGE OF MALICIOUSLY KILLING

AT WAR RINGTON.

TOE HISTORY OF A CAT. At the Warrington Borough Police Court on Monday before the Miyor kin the chair) and other magistrates, John Porter, was charged with malicinusly killing a eat, tit, property of Harriet Miller on Vie 5`.,h October.—De- fendint pleaded no: guilty.—Mr. A. Browne appeared for the defendant, and Mr. 133tgion for the complainant. _

Mr. Dobson in openin; his case said the summons was taken out uodnr the Malicious Injury to Animals Act 1881. The comrlainant was a widow and kept a general provision shop in Chorloy-street, and the defendaot lived in the neighbourhood, in Birch%ll-street. Mrs, Miller was the owner or a black c tof which she was very proud, and the cat was als3 extremely useful to her in her business. Ste missed the cat, which was well-known in the neigh- bourhood, on Wednesday afternoon October sth about 3 o'clock. Shortly after a girl was seen in a passage be- hind the house with the cat in her arms. The defendant took the cat off her, pressed its body on the ground and throttled it. The body was then put in a bag and nothing more was seen of it. If he proved his case, he would submit his client was entitled to damages for the lose of the cat, and compensation for her wouaded feelings. Harriet Miller, widow. Chorley-e.reet, bore out her solicitor's statement. She had had the cat 3 years. It was necessury she should keep a cat. She would not have sold it for £5. By Mr. Browne : It had not a lump about the size of an ezg on its stomach, Mr 3. Walker, 108, Birehall-street, said she saw Mr. Porter with a black cat like Mrs. Miller's.

---....., —.„. Ban. Ann Cunningham, 71, Birchall-strlet, said she saw Mrs. Miller's black cat on the s'.la October. She saw Mr. Porter's daughter fetch a black cat from the back of Chlrler-street, and Mr. Porter WA the cat off the girl. Re knelt on it, and she turned her head away a% she thought iC so cruel. Wnen she lookel again the cat was datd. Mrs. Pvter was standing by with a bag in her hand. She was certain the cat was Harriett

Mr. Browne said his client, John Porter. greengrocer. Choriev-street, did not know Mrs. Miller. A Mrs. Sharpies gave them a black cat in February last. It had a lumn on itS stemach about the s‘ze of an egg. He gave it to his Ben who went to live in Ashton- /a/est. In Septemlont he took it back to his house to try and cure it. It stele one of his pigeons on the day in question and ran into the street. His dau!hter caught it. He drowned it. Some people went to Mr. Porter's house tie same night and saw the I body of the cat on the astspit. Could anyone identify a black cat ? Why,there were numbers in Wilson Patten- street wh'ch were bred in the drain pipes. Mary Sharpies, 7, Gladstone-street, proved giving a blank cat to Mr. Porter in February. It had a lump on its b!illy. W. H. Porter, Goa of defendant, gave evidence as to the ownerthip of the cat. .The cat was finally taken away by his father, for the purpose of trying to take the I swelling off it. I Alfred Bradley, 2?. Msrson-strest, and Ssmuel Morris Ellis, 9 Academy-street, gave evidence as to seeing the body of a black cat on the night of the sth October. The Chairman said there was a strong elessaest of doubt, anl the Case would be dismissed, each party to pay their own costs.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
--,-- TOUE OF BARNUM AND BAILEY'S SIIOW.

We have received a well-printed folding— Mi-tp of England and Scotland, on which red lines indicats the route taken by " the greatest show on earth" during the present tour through the United King- dom. The tour will close at Stoke on November 12, and it appear.; that 530 performances have beenl given, while the weather interfered with only ten performances. The number of miles travelled will he 2,976, the longest run being 208 and the shortest five miles,while sixteen railways have been utilised. The company consists of 840 persons, there are 420 horses and ponies, 25 cages of wild animals, 20 elephants and 18 camels. The tents number 21, the circus tent accommodating 14,864 people. The total number of waggons with the show is 103, and the vast organisation moves about by means of 67 cars, each 54 feet in length.

CYCLIST 6 USE PILLAR BRAND. Lubicating and Burning this and Cycle Enamel, Ebarnellette,cr.d tlrunswick Black. From all Dealers. GENTS: Alcbli:AN AND CO., 13 911111.-STRIIST, LIVERPOOL.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

CAIRO STREET CHAPEL.

On Sunday evening, in the Cairo-street Chapel, the Rev. W. H. Dummond preached the third of a course of sermons on Christianity and Democracy," taking for his subject "Democractic duties." The Rev. gentleman said the first thry which should lie upon the heart of every man who had awakened to the privileges of his own life and the dangers of the lives of his fellows was alertness of mind and spirit—more watchfulness. How many were the dangers, difficalties, distress, and corruptions, simply because na.4l had gone to sleep and refused to take the trouble to take an intelligent interest in the great social liie which was going on around them. Thesecond duty was to emphasize the place of character in public life, and to the traming of cisaracter in them- selves.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

_ . At the meeting of this society on Sunday afternorn, in Wycliffe Church, Mr. F. Brown, Lf Warrington, presided, and in a brief address on remembrances he referred to the words " And a book of remembrance) was written before him for thorn that feared the Lord, and that thought upen his name." (Malachi, 33. 167)—Mr. George Power, of Manchester, delivered a deeply inter- esting address on "Bumsu Derelicts." He described some of the men and women " derelicts " with whom he had come in contact with in his rescue work. at Man- chester ; and appealed to his hearers to use their influ. epees and energies in lifting up some of their fellow won and women who were in a like position. Miss Rush- worth was the soloist for the day, and her singing Was greatly appreciated. The service was also taken part in by the Rev: John Yonge, Mr. George WallingtOn, and Mr. D. Owen. AUTUMNAL SERNION3 AT GOLBORNESTREET BAPIIST CHURCH.

At this church on Sunday the autumnal sermons Were held, and large congregacions attended. The Rev. A. Stock, 8.A., 8.D., of Waterharn, in the morning preached from the words' The Lori of Hosts is with us : the God of Jacob is our refuge." His discourse at the evening service was on the following passage— " They that know their God shall be strong and do exploits." The slrviees were bright, toe anthem, " Radiant mero " being ren&nd by the choir. Collec- tions were taken in aid of the church funds, and amounted to about £5, which is a slight increase on the corresponding collections ot last year.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD STREET' WE3LEYAN CHURCEL

On Sunday, (children's Sunday) at this church, the Rev. H. G. Robercs, conducted a teacher's prayer meet- ing at 7 a.m. Preaching at the ordinary morning service to a good congregation the rev. gentleman said the recognised duty of Christian society towards children was one result of the beneficent forces of Christianity. It was only when they contrasted the happy child life of this country with that of the heathen world that they could realise what chillho -id owed to the teaching and example of Christ. There was little thought of the sacredness of child-life before the time of our Lord. Referring to Rome udder Augustus (one of the I golden ages of the world), the preacher showed , that there was general disregard if the claims of children. The family was God's type of every com- munity. Naturally, at:faction was the organising principal ot the family in those days. God had invested them with great responsibilities. One of the greatest I missions in the world was to teach the child, of God and truth. There was no diviner work in the world. Re- ferring to Napoleon, Hume, Voltaire and Augustine, the preacher demonstrated that the evening of life was to a large extent what the morning had made it. The hope of the world was centred on the child. Round the cradle of Bethlehem gathered the hopes of the world In closing the preacher made an appeal to the young people to make a decisive choice. Purpose was the eternal condition of success. It was a sad thing to begin life with a low conception of it. I There was no tragedy like that of a wasted life.—The preacher conducted a servic e in the schoolroom in the 1 aftvraoon. Ic was very impressive and much good was , done. Great hope was entertained by the preacher con- cerning the children.—ln the evening he to -1 his text from Luke 2 49-52 and presented Christ as an example to young people. The preacher referred in sdathing terms to those young people who had no ambition, and sought pleasure in parading what he called the Sabbatie promenade of Warrington (Sankey-street). Mr. Levi Richardson sang "Come unto me." with considerable ex- pression. The services of the day were most successful and caluulared to inspire the young people —with whom the Rev. H. G. Roberts particularly desires to get into closer touch—to a hicbe• and nobler life.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGITP4 INFIRMARY

CONCERT.

The eoncert season was openel in Wartington on Saturday hot, on the occasion of the annual concert held at Parr Hall in aid of the Warrington Infirmary and Dul- -1 pensary. The attendance was gratifying. Toe opening item was a march " linter dens Siegesbanner "—a mag- nificent composition—which was interpreted by Mr. T. J. Down's Orchestra with fine effect. Other contribu- tions by the band, v„lse, " B allscenen," " Tanhi Iser," " Kantalusqualen " and "Galop," Tonnerre" were well received. A selection " Whisperings by the Sea Shore and a polka " Our Babies " were warmly applauded. An encore war demanded for the latter. Certain pas- sages in it suggestive of the nursery appealed to the audi- I ence in an irresistible manner,and a repetition was given. Mr. R. Wynne Jones sang " Rage thou Angry Storm" 'in a creditable manner, but his success was more pro- nounced in " The flight of ages," and in reply to an ' encore he rendered" Boys of the old brigade " in a Style which carried the audience with him. In " Star of tha Twilight " and " Let m ) dream again," Miss Annie Nelson's charming voice was heard to considerable advantage. The orchestra accompanied in the former sang. Both songs were succ4sful but in response to an encore for the lat'er, which was sung with much feel- ing, Miss Nelson gave "I little bit of string," from" The Circus Girl." Madame Bessie Fanshawe created a favour- able impression with the song "Toe star of Bethle- hem," but '• Killarney," that rich and ever popular Irish slog rendered with taste, evoked warm applause. As an encore he sang " A maid of high degree ;" a song with a charming refrain and a certain amount of hum tur in it. Mr. Alfred Grounds " took" deservedly well with a humourous song, and scored a complete success , with a ventriloquial sketch. In response to a recall one of his lay figures was made to render "Queen of the Earth." Mr. W. H. Payton Mus. Bach. was the accompanist, and fulfilled his duties in an able manner. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TRHPLARY AT LATCHFORD.

The weekly session of the Bonehill Branch Lodge was held in the Temperance Hall, Latchford, on Monday evening, under the presidency of Bro. John Ditchtleld C. T. After the opening ceremonies the minutes of last meeting were read and passed. The programme for the evening being "musical night." The following members took part. Sisters F. Fletcher, A. Jones, C. Nicks.A. Mee, M. Fletcher, Bros. E. Cliffs, F. Blease, H. Fletcher. and B. Few. Bro. H. Blease, proposed,and Bro. A. Ford seconded, "That the best thanks of this Lodge be tendered to those who have taken pan," after which the meet- ing was closed by singing and prayer. WARRINGTON PHILATELIC FOCIETY.

The third annual general meeting of this society was held on Monday evening at the Patten Arms Hotel. The President (Mr. John P. Reynolds) took the chair, and there was a fair attendance of mem- bers. Mr. Herbert Woods, the hon. secretary, pre- sented a very satisfactory report of the past year's work ; the balance sheet also showed that the finances of the society are on a sound basis. The membership continuos to increase but the secretary is always glad to hear of new members. The retir- ing officers were re-elected. Arrangements pave been made to hold periodical meetings during the winter months when pipers will be read and matters of philatelic interest discussed. Tni PROPAGATIoN OF SPIRITUALISM.

The Spiritualist Society have instituted a lyceum for the training of children in what they believe to be the principles of truth. On Sunday morninga i commencement was made, and they succeeded n making the meeting interesting to those present. In the afternoon there were gool audiences to listen to Mr. Ben Plant, of Manchester,and in the evening especially delivered a gool address, his subject being " Why do spirits return ?" Alter each ad- dress he gave a number of clairvoyant delineations. On Monday evening the hall was crowded. After the usual opening exercises Mrs. Byles gave an in- teresting account of how Sil,3 became a Spiritualist, after which she gave several clairvoyant descriptions of departed friends and a couple of successful psy- chometric experiments. " THE SECOND COILING OF OUR LORD." The third of a eirie3 of public lectures on this subject was delivered on Monday evening in the Assembly Room at the Conservative Club by Mr. Hall of Birkenhead. He said that on the previous Monday he spoke to them on the approaching judg- ment and the great apostacy in all society which was provoking that judgment. They had for their subject that night the way of escape from that im- pending judgment. If they looked back on the past history of.mankiud they would notice that always before a time of judgment God had done a work of mercy. He had seat a full warning and prepared a way of escape. Looking at their condition he thought such was needed at the present time. Where was the clitireh of the living God which he sent forth in the beginning? It was rent and torn into a hundred sects; its glory had departed and others besides the Lord exercised authority over it. It would he singular if at such a time God did not do something for his scattered and divided ministry.

IHE OPENING OF THE QUEEN'S

===== 0002601_18981021_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
GARDENS.

PRESENTATION TO THE CHAIRMAN OF TEE

~..

131 •Tbe -or I. • 1 ire is A

===== 0002601_18981021_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
COM.MITITE,

Queen's Gardens are now open" to the public. The opening ceremony took place on Monday in union, pitioll& weather. In commemmoration of the event a presentation was made to Mr. Alderman Boltdal (chairman of the Town Hall, Park and Baths Cota•' mittee), in the Council Chamber prior to the form+ opening of the gardens. There were present :—Thse) Mayor (Alderman Wright), the Deputy Mayor' (Alderman Fairclough), Mrs Fairclough, and Mi Fairclough,, Aldermen Bolton, Roberts and Hutehinol son, Councillors Tinnion, Woods. Willson, Dr Cannelli Bennett, John Roberts, Sbillcock, Smethurst Heaton, Shaw Green, and Jolley, with Mr. J. L. Whittle (town clerk), Mr. J Fairhurst (boroughl treasurer), Mr. T. Longdin (borough surueyor), 31;') Luke Talbot (chief cmstable), Mr J Sutcliffe (assi tant surveyor), and Mr. F. Taylor (gas secretary). Councillor DR. CANNELL, deputy-chairman of, the committee, in opening the proceedings, asked, the Mayor on behalf of the committee to presenGl Alderman Bolton with a souvenir of the opening of ' the ,gardens.

The MAYOR said that it gave him great pleasui, to be permitted to make this presentation to bis old friend Alderman Bolton. and he hoped he would not value it simply for its intrinsic worth, but as a token of the respect they all had towards bite. Alderman Bolton had been an extremely valuable member to the Town Hall, Park, and Baths Com- mittee as chairman. He had a special knowledge which very few of them possessed, and he had utiAzed that knowledge to the very utmost. Ile (the Mayor) understood the present to be made wag the choice of Alderman Bolton's wife, and he bad pleasure in presenting him with a silver hot water lug. He hoped he would be long spared to be a useful member of the Council. (Applause.) Alderman BOLTON in acknowledging the gift el. pressed che pleasure it gave him to receive it, That the committee had bad sufficient confidence in him to elect him as their chairman for several years showed that they appreciated the services be had been able to render to the town. (Hear, hear.) What special knowledge he had of flowers and plants he was always pleased to use it for the benefit of the Corporation and town. With regard to the opening of Queen's Gardens, he considered ,;they would afford some little relief in the matter of open spaces. which were much needed. The gardens would be something more than a playground for the children. It was not everyone who could be satisfied with a design but he thought that when the gardens were quite finished there would be little cause to corn- plain. (Hear, hear.) Be had served tne rown Hall. Park, and Baths Committee with greater pleasure than any other committee of the Corporation. He was made a member when he was first elected to the Council, 17 years ago. He was proposed by Mr. John Pierpoint, and had been on the committee ever since. The duties had sometimes been very pleasant, and at other times full of trouble. They would remember that the scheme for pulling down the wall in front of the Town Hell gave the Com- mittee a great deal of trouble. But he was pleased when the work was accomplished. The committee had always carried out their work as well as noel possibly could. So far as he was concerned, they would have the benefit of his experience in garden' lug and other matters as long as he remained on the Council. (Hear, bear.) In conclusion he apologised . for the absence, through indisposition, of .Afrii. Bolton. (Applause.) Alderman PainctouciEt proposed a vo,-,e of thanks to the Mayor. He took °melon to endorse all that had been said regarding Alderman Belton. He had been useful as a member of the committee. Ther, knew he was Al at growing orchids—in fact i/1)1 that matter he was one of the first authorities in` the country. (Hear, hear.) When he (Alderman Ferclough) visited his house he told him that be. had 10,000 orchids, and he seemed to kuow all th names. (Laughter.) Councillor SHAW GREEN, in seconding', observed' that when they reached the stage of opening Vic; toria Park be hoped Alderman Bolton's exceptional services would be at their disposal, for with his special knowledge and skill he would be mall needed at that time. They all looked forward CO the opening of the park, which would be a great boon and comfort to the town. (Applause.) The motion was heartily carried. The vlayor said his duty had been a very pleeesil one. He hoped Alderman Bolton would accept the gift although it might seem El conaparativeiy small one, as a token of their kindly feeling towards hint. The silver het water jug, which had been sup- plied by Messrs. Woods and Son (Alfred Woods). bore the following inscription :—" Presented to Alderman William Bolton by the members of the Council on the occasion of the opening of the Queen's Gardens, 1898." The jug will have on one side the borough arms emblazoned in heraldie colours in English enameLaud on the other side the monograms of the recipient and his wife.

These presentthen proceeded to Queen's Garde!:lei and Alderman Bolton formally declared the garden opened. The Mayor then entered,followel by those present. An inspection of the place was mule. 03 reaching the fountain the water was turned on and the Mayor toasted the health of Mr. li.Garnett,J:F.l from the first flow of water. Alderman Bplton ferred in complimentary terms to Mr. Garnett 3 gift.

FRIARS' GREEN, WARRINGTON (Opposite Arpley Station). S. T. WARD AND Co., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, 8014„',. Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments.lo2l_,;i Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, fdarblL " stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING ExISriNG PIONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.

& Warrington.—Printed and publighedby john Go The Eraminer General Printing Works. " and Published also at The Ervniner Wises ; High-street, IiIINCORI 42, r HELENS and 3 Market-street, EARLE" 1898.

===== 0002601_18981021_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
1.1-wosotsartraoeyr i:sats lc rr ose:srcti:

===== 0002601_18981021_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WOOD ENGRAVING OF MACHINERY, FIRE GRATES, SHOP-FRONTS, ETC. CATALOGUES OF ALL KINDS ILLUSTRATED. ELECTROTYPES SUPPLIED. Estimates Post Free on Application. IVIILNER & MORTON, WOOD-ENGRAVERS 8s PHOTOGRAPHERS, 55, MARKET ST., MANCHESTER.

FOUR, PUBLIC LECTURES upon "THE SECOND COMING OF OUR LORD, and THE APPROACHING &IND OF THIS DISPENSATION," will be delivered in the ASSEMBLY ROOM, (Conservative Club), Wirtmarletab- street (Opp )site Post Offi .0). Warrington. on MONDAY EVENINGS, OCTOBER 3rd, 10th, 17th, 24th at 7-45. Doors °Pen at 7-30. Admission free. All are Invited to attend. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WIN- WICK STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 23RD. 10.30: REV. J. WARNOCK. 6.30: REV. J. LAWSON, OF SALFORD. OOLLBOTIONS.

RpaPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. IiGGINGTON'S Improved Betectual TRUSS tor Cure t3Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Teas Ti d Surgical Appliance Works, 7a 9. Grosvenor-street Lon don-road. Manchester.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898, HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSIIIRE, FARMERS STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. FRESH MILE TWICE DAILY, KIM MILK FROM 11 R.M. FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PRBMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold In JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

ONE THIRD OF YOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP :ON OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 30/", I WOOL BEDS, 10/9, PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTRESSS, 39,6. WOOL MATTRESSES, 12/9 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT 2s. 6n. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GHARANTEED SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG. BEDSTEADS, 13s..Uu.WIRE MATTRESS. 9s. 9n. BASSINETTES AND MAILCARTS FROM 25g* Note the Address : LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

RAIN! RAIN RAIN! FOR NEW MACKINTOSHES, STYLISH MACKINTOSHES, CHEAP MACKINTOSHES, GOOD CRAVENETTE CLOAKS GO TO LORD BROS' 128, BRIDGE &MET, WARRINGTON.

TINDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON SOH GOOD BOOTS.

SIGII NO MORE LADI ES. WEAR THE } I NATURAL } From IMMOVABLE From CURLED BOALPETTBS 21/- FRINGES. 10/6 T. B. BROWN, 3, LEBOE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

EDDING AND BIRTHDAY VV PRESENTSI ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Flue Selectien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. lir. S. PENNINGTON & CO., JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS. WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63--HENSHAW-STRE&T, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

GRAND MISSIONARY LOAN EXEIIBITTON. ST. GEORGE'S HALL, LIVERPOOL. OCTOBER I.3TH To 24TH. OVER 4,030 WONDERFUL CURIOSITIES. lIISSIONAUDIS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD.

"A WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable aItHAND-MADE SILVER ERG LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket, "FOR PIP XY SHILLINGS." This wat chis tirnedto a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

Q TAM N./ OHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " POBUlllatiO Lyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Del:2U' and Show-rooms 35,) NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND ELLINDIIRSON. District Manager. Established 1859. Sole Agent for Warrington 2 MR. A. STANWAY, 37. Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn : MESSES. fiANDLEY AND BECK, Ironmongers.

THE THIRD Pam COOKS', CONFEC- TIONNBC MUMS' AND ALLIED TRADES' EXHIBITION. BT. JAMES'S HALL, MANCHESTER, OCTOBER 17TH TO 26TE. il‘nd of H H. Royal Artillery (mounted), Oct. 1711 to 22nd Band of Yorkstdre Dragoons (Queen's own), Oct. 21t to 26th WORKING BAKERIES. :-10 a.m. to 10 p.m., Is.; niter 6 pan. ziondays and Wednesdays, 6d. Season tickets, ss. Child- ren, 6d. A. P. BAKER, Manager.

'UMBRELLAS UMBRELLAS 1! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE [FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADRS RECOVERED iuLLT AN HOUR FROM:S9.6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guarautted for 12 Months. Also /t,,pairs CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN 'NICOL, 30, BUTTERNIARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON,

EDDBA, DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., lad., and Is. Bd. each.f Wholesale by J.: GEDDES limo BON. WARBINCITOR 118TABLI8EUID 1833

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. mBNICIPAL ELECTION, NOVEMBER lsr, 1898. T" ELECTORS OF THE TOWN HALL WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, Baying been requested by a large number of the ratepayers of the ward to offer myself as a candidate for the vacancy at the ensuing Municipal Election, after due con- sideratiOn, I have decided to do so. Being a resident and ratepayer In the ward, I claim to know its wants, and if elected, its interests shall at all times have my best attention BOROUGH IMPROVEMENTS. I believe that by careful and good management. efficiency with economy can be obtained, and that the Rates of the Borough. Whieh are now too high, can be reduced without interfering with necessary improvements, and also that it is desirable that some portion of to projected street Improv e- meats should be forthwith completed. INTRODUCTION OF TRAMWAYS. The laying down of Tramways in the Borough is an urgent necessity, and, In my opinion, could be made in a short time a profitable source of revenue, a benefit to tradespeople, and a boon to the public. THE GAS QUESTION. The Council may not necessarily be weakened by the introduction of younger members, and the reduction In the prim of gas which comes into operation on November let was undoubtedly brought about by the energetic and persistent action of the young men in the Council. If elected, it shall be my earnest endeavour, not only to obtain an improvement in the quality, but also a further reduction in the price. My action upon the Council, if you do me the honour to elect me as your representative shall be unbiassed by party considerations, and influenced only by a desire to be of some service to my fellow townsmen. I am, ladles and gentlemen, Your obedient Servant. JAMES HORTON. Crosfield-street, Warrington, October 14th, 1898.

DUTTON AND COL YER, LITE nuiroN AND CO. IRONLONCFRRS and AGRICULTURAL INPLRMUNT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW.

PILRR HALL, WARRINGTON. -- THURSDAY, °MOB SR 27T8, 1898. GRAND EVENING- CONCERT. BY THE RHONDDA ROYAL WELSII MALE CIIOIR. (30 Voices). Conductor Mr. Tom Stephens. Under the Patronage of Her Majesty the Queen. The Finest GLUE SINGBRS In the World. The only Male Voice Society which has won Four National Risteddfodau First Prizes including the 1,000 Dollars and tiold Medal at the World's Fair, Chicago. ASSISTED BY THE FOLLOWING FIRST-CLASS ARTISTES : SOPRANO MADAMB WILLIAMS PRIM, lt.A.fil Bass : MR. DAVID JONRS, AR A.M. TENOR MR. TOM SALATHIISL. The Renowned SINGI3II of Ancient Welsh Verse: with Harp Accompan rnents : SOS DAR. SOLO-VIOLINIST: MISS idAbliL TANSLBY, Of the Royal Conservatorium. of Music, Leipsig. Soto-Henr•Ekr : MISS BESSIR JONRS. luiC°DaPanisto : Messrs. D. JONRS AND PIiRCIS G. SMITH. „ADMISSION : Reserved Chairs (livening Dress), 51. geatnily Tickets to admit five, 21s • Reserved Chairs (num- Cad) 2s. 65.; Reserved Seats (numbered). Is. ; Reserved entre Gallery (numbered), 3s. ; Reserved Side Galleries ;114 Back Gallery (numbered), Is. ; Promenade and Back eats Body of Hall, is. Plan of Reserved Seats at Mr. R. H. Pearson's 10 Bold-st. stol)°°ra °nen to Ticketholders only at 7 o'clock. Concert to mmence 7.45. Carriages at 10 its. PROCEEDS IN AID OF TNN WARRINGTON LAI C.A. W ARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY, THE FIRST SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT IN THR PARR HALL, WRDNRSDAY. NOVRdBHR o•fir, 1893. PART I.—HAYinee GRAND ORATORIO "THE CREATIoN," (PARTS I. AND II.) PART IL—MISCELLANEOUS. ARTISTES SOPRANO: MISS RVANGELINII FLORENCR. TENOR: MR. WILLIAM GNICHN. BARITONE MIL AND RUM BLACK. CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA OF OVER 200 PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR : jRFRANK H. CROSSLRY. _ Uox. Onnatrtex tdR. J. B. OALDW FILL. follows n of Subscription the aeries of three Concerts as (exclusive of the " Messiah " on December 17th) : _aßeserved Dress Seats (Body of ID.11). 15s. Reserved Centre 11 !let", and Second Reserved Seats (Body of Hall), Ts. 6d. ,Le erved Side Galleries, Si. 13.1:lices of Admission to non-subscribers Reserved Dress 13s. Reserved Centre Gallery and Second Seats (Body Rail), 3s. Reserved Side Gallery, 2s. Unreserved Back '4llarY, Is. 6d. Unreserved Body of Hal or Promenade, Is. &Poore open at 7-15. Concert 7-45. Carriages 10-15. Early for ticket holders only at 7 p.m. pbtkie Prospectus of the Season and all particulars can be itried at Mr. R. H. PSATSOII.6, Bold-street. PLAN of Reserved Seats will be open st Mr. R. H. tin'....xSON'S, Bold-Street, to Subscribers on SATURDAY OCTORRR 29Ta at 10 tom,. and to the general public alld after NVCDDIRSDAY, NOVRMBH ft 211 P. W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Sec.

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. HO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THB WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the neeeesity of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and A great caving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS : T. COOKE, YORK.

LOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER. •tablisbed 65 Years.

MUNICIPAL RLIWTION. 1898. TO THE ELECTORS OF BEWSEY WARD. LADIES AND GESTLTMEN, Haring been requested by a large number of representative Ratepayers and workingmen to offer myself as a Candidate at the coming Election of a Councillor for your Ward. I have much pleasure in accepting the invitation ; and as I have lived in the Ward for the past 29 years, I may claim to know something of its requirements. If you de me the honour to elect me I shall endeavour to secure cleaner and cheaper gas, better sanitary arrangeraents, also a continuance of tile improvements in paving and light- ing back passages which were commenced sic years ago and all matters affecting the interest of the Ward and Town generally shall receive my earnest consideration. Appealing with confidence for your support on the Ist November neat I am, ladles and gentlemen Yours respectfully. T. B. MALKIN. ! 95, Demo:l-road, Warrington.

IMPORTANT NOTION TO WORKINOMEN. FROM 28. EACH. • 3,000 OVERCOATS. Must be cleared at once. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. HUGHES BROTHERS, Pawnbrokers, Jewellers, Mahler!, and Tool Factors, 116 to 120, BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5.171.

MUNICIPAL ELECTION, NOVEMBER. 1898. TO THE ELECTORS OF LATCHFORD WARD. LADIES IND GENTLEMEN, I beg to thank you for the honour conferred upon me in electing me as your representative in our Town Council for the past three years. Luring my term of office I have, to the best of ray ability. carded out your instructions. My devotion to your service will be observed by attention to the attested statement of attendanees at Council and Committee Meetings for 1895-6, 1895-7, 1897-8. 1895-6. 1896-7. No. of No. of No. of No. of Atten. Meet.. Atten. Meet. Council Meetings 13 13 Council Meetings 19 19 School Attendance 18 20 School Attendance 19 20 Museum, to 11 14 Museum, Ac 11 16 Town Hall, fia 22 25 Town Hall, fig 20 23 64 72 69 78 1897-8 up to and including 22nd September, 1893. No. of No. of Atten. Meet. Council Mietings 14 14 School Attendance 18 18 Museum, ,to 10 12 Town Hall, ,ko 21 21 -- 63 65 Total Meetings 215. Total Attendances 198. I have also promoted the formation and paving of our new streets and back passages, and the erection of additional gas lamps. The Council also adopted a motion proposed by myself that a recreation ground be provided for our Ward, which led up to the purchase of the Old Warps Estate. This has been dedicated to, and a portion set apart far the use of the people. and called Victoria Park. All these improve- ments will add to the health, happiness, and individual contentment of the people, which should be the object of all Local Government. Much yet remains to be accomplished, and on the First of November you will be called upon to elect your representative for this important Ward. A large number of my friends have requested an 3 to allow myself to be nominated for re-election, which I have consen- ted to do. Bkoald you again honour ma with your confidence I shall, to the best of my ability, do all I can to promote the best interests of the elector.. It Is a source of gratification to me to males the progress which has been made in our Ward duriag the sixty years of my residence amongst you, and I confidently appeal to you for your vote and Interest to again place main the honourable position of your represen- tative. I beg to remain, Ladies and Gentlemen, your obedient servant, LUKE E LLISON, 639, Knutsford-road, Latchford.

MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS, 1898. TO THE BURGESSES OF ST. JOHN'S WARD. LADIES Inn GENTLEMEN.— At the desire of your Ward Committee and with the unanimous approval and support of the Conservatives of the Ward. I have much pleasure in °daring you my services as a representative of the Ward. It will be my endeavour at all times to see that the sanitary condition of the ward, includ- ing the paving of streets and back passages and lighting of sarae, obtains prompt attention. I am in favour of good wages and fair prices, and I condemn sweating in every shape and form. I shall ke ever ready to receive suggestions from any of the burgesses of the ward, and where any grievance er object detrimental to the true interests ef the burgesses exists, I shall give UM] most strenuous opposition until It be removed. Should you do me the honour to cleat me, my constant aim in the Town Connell will be to do all in my power for the improvement of the town and its trade, so as to create labour aud wages for the working classes, and business for the shopkeepers and commercial interest. I therefore with Confidence appeal t) you for your votes and support on the day of election. I am, Ladles and Gentlemen, Tours faithfully, JOHN BAIRD. Laburnum-villa. Pros/hall-lane, Warrington, October 12th 1898.

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. W. B. SWEETUAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAR HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRIOR 21. 6d. ,PRE BOTTLE. 5. RANELAGH-STRKET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. R1C...... Wed Oct. 26 I *MAJESTIC Wed.. Nov. 2 nd Cabin will be carried on tne voyage clammed thus* Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of 4171J0t0 New 'York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore to Issria, Imam, and Co., Liverpool and 34. street, London 8.C.. ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. 8 g SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. R..' LAURENTIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... Oct. 29th CALIFORNIAN for Quebec and Montreal... Nov. 3rd ""°°n Fares from £l2, 2nd Cabin ET, Steerage £5 ugh Tickets to all points at special rates. ItrealsrADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars aPPlication to ALLAN BROTHERS 3; CO., 19, James- " o Pool ; r toJ.S. GREEN. 34, Bridge-Bt.. Warrington . r IV ERPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling t I_4 at GREENOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting OWL AND BEAR e other Steamers are Intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). OCTOBER. LIVERPOOL FROM GLASGOW tiotakroa e Dock and by train from central --q-weest Side. Station, Glasgow to Greenock at 5.21 p m. , 6 p M Wed 0pt,"43, 10thnesday 12th, 2 p in Ilsep 14th, 9 p m Monday 17th. 2 P in sclay 19th, 12 noon Friday 21st, 2pm 24th, 6 p Wednesday 26th, 2 p m Y Mit, 9 p in Monday 31st. 2 p in top 'blls.sar FARM—Cabin (single), 10s. ; return (available NALWO months), its. ; steerage, (stogie) ss. ; SPECIAL tse,---Cabln return (available for ten days). 12a. 6d. ; anek',94e return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through Wit„,l4ll in connection with Cheshire Lines between ittkru 11,0011, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Re- 4„t(ikets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool 'Joe" -,,era.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation N4IY, Limited, O. MAOIVER & CO.. Managers, Albert Manch.-ster. and Tower Buildings. Liverpool. AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to N.EW As 31,910 k. direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL oftx. .ORIC and PHILADELPHIA every WE NE S \\.s.• JOHN WALKER AN " EXAMINER " OFFICE, . WARRINGTON. •VEL A AGENTS FOR I DE, ME LBOULNE and SYI)N EY \r HIT STEAME 4S from LIVERPOOL. E STAR LINE for NEW YORK every Nrc, WEDNESDAY. DING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- AS PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA RINA,JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND "Leauld tat , the LOWEST RATES at Co.,OHN W ALKER k.) AND _ WARPRELIMINARY NOTICE. RINGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY. THE MEMBERS OF THIS SOCIETY WILL PLAY THE ORIGINAL FARCE, tth "THE MAGISTRATE" A by A. W. FINER° • ItOYAL COURT THEATRE, RYLANSIS-STREET. °b. WARRINGTON, WO:MESDAY, THURSDAY, and FRIDAY nights 7th, Bth, and 9th, of DECEMBER NEXT, .To benefit of the WARRINGTON INFIRMARY. CR BROWNE, Hon. Sec: dc Hon. Trees " EXAMINER " OFFICE, BOOKBINDING! ESTI --.NIATEs GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF 13130.RINDLNG, ACCOUNT BOOKS RULED, PRINTED AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

TEETIL—A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. 10 years' warranty. SAM WOODS, Beg., M.P., Bays in his teeth:non al They are are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable, and ate credit to you." H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, EBWSEY-STREBT, WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS

WILLIAM I, INDOP, Miniature Manufacturer of BILL IA BD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS, BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, GAMES Clime, Draughts, Tables Recovered FOR P.aatotra, Quoits, and Repaired. Crams, Puff and Darts, at PUBLICS. Skittles, &a. Estimates given. 381 SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

CROSBY & WALKER, LIMITED, MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS. AUTUMN STYLES. THE LARGEST AND BEST-ASSORTED. MANTLES. JACKETS, AND FUR STOCK IN THE CITY. LEADING STYLES IN TAILOR-MA.DE COATS. SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF AUTUMN COSTUMES JACKET DEPARTMENT. Fawn Cloth COATS,SemI-Sacque and Coat Backs 12s lid Coloured COATS, Semi-Sacque. Sacque, and Coat 215 Od Backs, in Blue, Green. Grey. and Fawn • 25s 6d 29s 6d Tailor Made. to 5 guineas. Black JACKETS. Double-Breasted, in Durable Cloths Ts lld 91 lid Black Cloth JACKETS, Chesterfield and Semi- Sacque l2s lid Black Cloth JACKETS, Tailor Made, in the...lss lid Newest Styles, for Autumn Wear lBs Ild 211 Od 25s 6d 29s 6d to elf gns. MANTLE DEPARTMENT. Coloured Cloth CAPES,Green,Fawn,Boyftl Blue, Brown in Newest Cloths. Very special...—. 12s lid Coloured Cloth CAPES, Neal Skin Collars, in Green, Fawn, and Grey. Very handsome 18s lid Coloured Cloth CAPES, trimmed Fur, also hand- somely Braided,in the various Autumn Shades 21s to 6 gns Black Astrachan CAPES, lined through (Special) 91 lid Black Cloth Circular CAPE. Very full l2s lid Black Fancy Kyrie Cloth CAPES. lined silk. The cheapest and most fashionable cape of the season 25. Black Cloth CAPES, bandsorrely embroidered 2125t0 nsse Black Plush CAPES, elaborately beaded and trimmed with fur, lined and well cut.. FUR DEPARTMENT. The New "Marmot" Sable NECKLET and BOW 8. 114 The New " Chinchilla" NECKLET aid BOW 1056 d & 21a The Dew Neal “Skunk" NECKLET and BOW Ps fld Sable NECKLETS l3. 6d, 14s Ild, 165 11d, 18s lid. 21s, 25. 6d, 29s 641, 35s 6d. 39s 6d to 3 gns Electric Seal CAPES, handsomely lined Broehe Silk, equal in appearance to Real Silk, 13e 11d,211, 29e 6d, 371 64, 425, 495,635, to 6gna. Real Seal CAPES, Beet Selected Skins, from Signs to 15gne FUNERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY. WE CLOSE ON WEDNESDAYS AT ONE O'CLOCK. ' CROSBY & WALKER, LIMITED, 82, 84, 88, & 88, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present, given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.--11USTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

,(1,1 J a led , irv4 14,1 09 , WINN ' BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EXHIBITION OF PAINTINGS BY THE LEADING ARTISTS OF THE CENTURY, t OPEN EACH DAY FROM 2 TO 10 P.M. IN THE GYMNASIUM. PROMENADE CONCERTS IN PARR HAL FROM 3-0 to 5-0 and 7-30 to 10 p.m. TO-NIGHT THE PROBYN LADIES' ORCHESTRA WILL GIVE A CHAMBER CONCERT. IN THE GYMNASIUM. An Excellent Programme for next week has been arranged by Mr. W. H. PAYTON, Mus. BaO.. Vic. ELECTRIC LIGHT. TEA ROOM. COFFEE AND SMOKE ROOM. MODERATE CHARGES. EASON TICKETS. 2s. 6d. Do. (ART BUDENTS & SCHLLARS), Is. 6d. AFTERNOON, le. EVENING, 6d. (Including admission to the Promenade Concerts.) ALFRED WOODS, Chairman of the Art Exhibition Committee.

Cl SHOOTING SEASON. AMMUNITION and every REQUISITE UP TO DATE T. STEINTSBY GUNMAICER, 20, HANGING DITCH MANCHESTER. Established 1810.

LONG ORTH, PAPER MERCHANT. CHEAPEST IN THE TRADE. SPECIALITIES :- Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STRKRT, MANCHESTER.

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, ' BEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TODIHRS and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HEDGOOCK at King- street and 17, Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gasilttar, Bco., where be hopes, by being more centrally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage. N..—A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances - also a Cholas Selection of wall papers and eteaoralons will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN. for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

MISS EDITH BIRCHALL. for four years at the Royal Manchester College of Music, and recommended by Mons. Specimen. receives PUPILS for VIOLIN, PIA.NO, SINGING., and BARMOBT.—Hotnr Lonoz.Froghall•lane, Warrington. MISS LEILA BAIESTOW, L.O.M. (also pupil of Signor Monad i Rocca) Professor of English and Italian Singing. Breathing and voice production Specielite. Voices tried (by appointment) free of charge. Terms-10, BOLD. STREET, Warrington.

WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LE-FILDR. 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy borne. Resident Bagßah and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Principal.—Mma RoGnisoN. Governess- Pupil wanted.

A ECHHISHOP HOLCATH'S SCHOOL, YORlE.—Spien It did accommodation for boarders; refurnished ; perfect Sanitation. Increase of numbers 212 per cent. in 2i years. Illustrated Prospectus and lists of the head Master.—Next Term Sept. 14.-liev. W. JOHNSON, B.A.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Can Tile, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, OR Sheets, ace., &e. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, Im., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STEEL SAFE MAKE 35, WEST-STREET, OFF WINWICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given. Enquiries invited.

CAI:MON.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. Cirriox.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. CoLms BRoWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " HLORODYNR " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue. which be regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. Id., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J COLLIS BiIOWNR'S CHLORODYNB "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medi* Testimony accompanies each bottle. SoLt faANUFACTURERS I—J. T. DeVRNPORT, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury. London From Dr. B. J. BoULTolf AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne Ittour practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct. Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this sreat advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNR."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864.

122, MARKET STREET. BRELESTOWN, MISS L. BAILEY, T.C.L. TIORIZN Winner and Senior Honours for Pianoforte and Singing, &0., of Trinity College, London, Gained 14 Certificates of various Colleges of Music, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Mandoline, Singing, Harmony, 'Theory, ete. Pupils prepared for Trinity College and other Examinations, TERMS MoDREXTE.

EADB'S PILLS. EADWBpiLLs. Al! who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately pILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. EAMES Hundreds of Testimonials have Emirs pima. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EAT 'S puxs. the wonderful power these Pills 1:1 have in giving relief In the vet EADE'S pu.s. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, aithumitTioi. RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. RHEUMATISM p'l'etuarreSirl—enldt iyaowuiathfeuwniornesdr GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. • It is six years since I first had RHEUMATI SA Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HEUMATIS Id The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did 50, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM see whenmjbei laid have u- P again, he Ever ileast GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills , and I have been all right again I RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT Eli WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ORB POUND A BOTTLE. R HBUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you Ilka of this, and GOUT shall be pleased Ti. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). !cling you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADB'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. Ifd. and 21. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE. 72, GoewELL-BOA.n. E.C. Ask for and be sure you, obtain *RADII'S GOUT AND AHEU MATIO PILLS. EADE S PILLS

BEE WARD AND BAILEY, CHINA MERCHANTS. SHOP AND RESIDENCE 455 El ORSE MA %ET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

DON'T COUGH-USE . DON'T COUGH-USE J.. . DON'T COUGH—USE There is absolutely no remedy co speedy and effectual. One lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the moat delicate. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGE 4, If you cannot sleep for coughing. one Xeating's Lozenge will set you right. Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED, TTERLY UNRIVALLED. , -UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 130. each, or free on receipt of stamps, from THOMAS KEATING, Chemist, London.

THE WARRINGTON SLATII CO., LD DINORWIG AND PE NRHYR SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MBROHANTS., AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LB. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY CO., LB., EICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFIca s Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. f Warrington.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BARER, FLOUR, CORN AND !PROVISION DEALER,' LEGII-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD. FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND 011ESIIIRB CHEESE.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. ALLSOPP'S MILD Lan BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER 13BER. To be had in USK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! WIEWICIE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stopp.red Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORES, OWEN STREET.

I'o all Parties Commencing Business.—Wbere to ,I Purchase at the Hight Price.--GROCBRS' FITTUiI fa and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners and Bakers' Fittings. Butchers Complete Outfit. Tobacconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; splen- did selection to choose from; inspection invited ; estimstes 'Jaws AND Co., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

, S.P.Q.R• liF E, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION. SMALLOEsIKEAAoC PRICE! QUICK REMEDY 1 I I NAUSEA. FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND =TSB PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE IREMEDY. When in doubt. take a Balrd'a Pill. , Price ls, lid. Sold by , BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. , 1 (Sole Local Agents), N at the Reduced Price of AL Boom CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN). LTD., PROPRIETORS. HEAD 077ICE—NOTTINGRAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. , Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, Ac.

GREAT SAVING IN INCANDESCENT MANTLES LIGHT! LIGHT! 1 LIGHT !! ! All those who use Incandescent Mantles can now avoid the frequent Breaking, Splitting, and Decay of the Mantle Welsbach. The Brilliancy is increaied and Flexibility and Strength given to these Mantles, so that they can be handled freely. THE MOST MARVELLOUS DISCOVERY OF THE AGE IN CHEMICALS AND COSTS ONE SHILLING PER BOTTLE. SUFFICIENT FOR A LARGE QUANTITY OF MANTLES. Agents in all the principal towns of Great Britain and Ireland. LIST OF SOLE AGENTS MAILED . FREE. There Is no necessity to remove Berner, Chimney. or Mantle when applying the chemicals. Sole Agent for Warrington and District : MR. JOSEPH- S GARLAND, 51, to 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. PLUMBERS, GLAZIERS, SANITARY ENGINEERS, &C. WHOLESALE DEPOT for the United Kingdom: • A. F. GARDNER, Manchester Chambers, Market-street, Manchester. None genuine without the Patent Number 29,114.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. oV4ll!`t Jle 6- itAii4n!rei“ 6INJZO 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON ' . • IS NOW ,1...4 COMPLETE IN ALL DEPARTMENTS FOR THE WINTER TRADE. '. • • . ;•-•:1 • • READY MADE OR TO MEASURE.

-..-....-....._........• ..,..4,. ' . ~ A q •,t,..... , . . i- -01 N• i,:js N• 46, fl.i.•• , i ~., ...,, . \ . r) xi.. t„* ~' y. iv,. .9;l' , 4.1 ‘•• 1 i''''s'Siiplr 111,b' 44, •, c< t• 4 1 0 '-::' ' • • ......• . -3. • 0 '(4-'`';'i ''''''' ' 'r'.:•;• '''', 1 '', • :. . '.• s THE BBE AA xN - MANUFACTURED Ds. C°ENDALE & CYCLES . ' i 1 •#4.IK ' , ' , 4.• • .)csfsg".4r4, .:,,..,, Y 4.• f*; At'' li',, j - , ....„ ....-„, ... ... cy• #)/ ("1: 1.. ..4,•: , 111 , . • ' •o° • ••••., ',/ #-: ~ /A ~,N,, . - \7' CO i t MANCHESTER , i •,

, HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

G. 3 -- Or te4. 14 l'itat -. ,•' • • ENUTNE ITALIAN MANDOLINS, oy noted Makers at greatly re•looerl Prices Rnormeus STOOL Also BANJOS, GITIIARS. VIOLINS, &C. Ati ARCHER AND SONS, 45-49, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Rstabltshorl DOI PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

DR A. UG FITS. lAII communications must be addressed to the Draughts Editor. " Warrington Examiner," Bewsey-street, and must reach the office not later than Tuesday Ittornimr. 'Jae Draughts Editor will be pleased to receive problems from lout plovers, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all enqeiries]. ANS WEIZS TO CORUSPONDENTS. E. Doxa.oriv, PADGA.TE : Your solution to prob- lem No, 3 correct. Much obliged for correction. J. GREEN, WARRINGToN : Many thanks for Problem, but you have not sent the solution with It. Will you kindly forward same at your earliest °l)Portunity. Your solution to No. 3 quite correct, SOLUTION TO PROBLEM No. 3. (By the Draughts Editor). Black men on 5 and 20, Kings on 14, 29, and 32. White men on 9, 10,16, 7 and 30. White to play 411(1 win, 30-25 12-8 3 —l9 29-22 14-7 White Wins. 16-12 8— 3 32-23 5-14 PR9BLE NI NO. 4. (By Mn. J. HA.RGREAVES, BURNLEY). [BLACX

Fatal Dilea© and Dilseases not rated.

DO NOT MAKE EXPERIMENTS —especially with your health. The body is too delicate to play with. Use only medicine that is known to cure.

r-rvf? WIL Z. lAMS '7 ( N : "i INK , /1 ILLS - 2E, :-., EOPLE

COMFOR 'ABLE HOME from home, near brine baths good sea view, cooking and attendance, moderate terms winter months; would take charge of child needing change. —BA/UM, Roundhay Lodge, Jaltburn.

225:_porooduziTziRgyz3A:ePeTNTABctresTo,f puirymwanitehnsttlaspiel/ envelope to littaawoon, 46 Oetavia-street, Battersea Park LW. '

L' AMBS or GHNTLEMIIN are offered constant easy home AA work. Materials provided. Fair pay experience unnecessary. Stamped envelopes.—doENT (52 Department) 160, New Kings-road. Fulham, London, S.W.

GltlNDlNG.—Expertenced good MAN required to work 10 Horse Beene and Millstones. constant job, good wages„—Full particulars to Box D.C., 759, SMITE'S ADVER- TISING AGENCY, 132. Fleet-street, London.

WOOD CARVING.—Mrs. C. J. Eliot, International Silver Medallist,patronised by Her Majesty the Queen and H.R.H. Princess Louise (Marchioness of Lorne) has a vacancy for a Young Lady as Apprentice, to live in the Vicar- age. Moderate premium. Address WELLESBOURRE VICARAGE Warwick.

SANITARY INSPECTORS if I Ps.—salaries £lOO to £250; numerous vacancies ; permanent appointmenls ; Special Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for coming exams; previous experience unnecessary • ladies eligible : over 200 srecessful candidates.—Apply ROBERT MusnEss, Science Teacher, Sunderland.

CIVIL SERVICE. VALUABLE GOVERNMENT APPOINTMENTS ?EN TO ALL. YOUNG MEN, 15-25 YOUNG LADIES, 15-20, Full details in ' THE CIVIL SERVICE GUIDE' pos., free from SKERRY'S COLLEGE, The greatest tutorial institution in the United Kingdom. SEE ITS NINETEEN YEAR'S RECORDS.—" THE MOST BRILLIANT SUCCESS EVER ACHIEVED IN THE HISTORY OF CIVIL SERVICE COACHING." ADDRESS :-5, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

QOUTEPORT.—To let, CONFFCTIONERY BUSINESS. A 1.3 bargain if taken at once. Will teach buyer the business, lii-healta cause of leavings—Apply 23, EYERTON-ROAD. Birkchce,

DRAPERY, Dressmaking, and Hosiery ; stock optional; lar;,e house ; rent £4O ; geoct position ; good reasons for leavlng,—For particulars apply 81, STANLEY-ROAD, Bootle Liverpool, 1 B' OT SHOP,—OLD HSTABLISHIRD ; Repairs; Stock and Fixtures cheap; prove trade; rare opportunity ; family reasons. Stock optional.-87, TaTros-entucT,Salford, ' Manchester.

66 HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH." -A medical work giv inz Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of. all kinds of Debility ; post free tWo stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury; Lon- don, N.

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Ner—ous and Physical Debility should send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and Organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent sealed, post free. Address— B. NORTON. 69, a 60 Chancery Lane, London, W,C Itstatalshed 30 Years.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS Lots.` •la now being offered by 4,1454.64, rp j_ • k.)LARICE, ; "EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND HowDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent or 4s. in the Pound.

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It I will no;: harm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed in every case however long standing. THOUSANDS OF GENNUINZ TESTIMONIALS. 2s. 9d. ; post free 3d. extra. To be had only C. DEAN, MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113, Gray's Inn Road, London,W 0

MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pains and misery ceased by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness T Send for , my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH fdIiDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, and guaranteed genuine : I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many polinds.—G.P.l4." •' I have carried out your iastructions, and am now per- ctly well.—J.F." Baok sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. J. LEt(4l3. 92 and 93, Great Russell Street London. W.C. Send at once and be cured. 12 Years' Continuous Success.

Telephcne No. 55. e : ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, egs to announce that he has removed his Offices to the mo convenient premises Na 15 BANK STREET, The Oround :Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

G. H. & H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63 C 5 HURCII-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

PARLOUR SUITE COMPRISING Payments taken. Lady's and Gents Easy Chairs, four small chairs,- -! and .• conch upholstered in Green 'VelTet Plush Solid Frames and nicely carved •E't .10. O. backs. Our Price S

AT jACKSONS SIDEBOARD, Solid throughout 6 Paymentsltaken. feet wide and 6 feet 9 inches high, fitted with six drawers, very massive, Bevelled Back, two brackets well seasoned and Genuine Bargain. .2/7 1 Only _WS. OD.

CHEAP LOT FOR KITCHEN Payments taken. Leather covered SOFA, four Kitchen Chairs, Gent's Rocking Chair, Lady a Rocking Chair, and I pair. Pictures, Hearth rug, and D Idtelisn Fender. For (3../ e..) S. 6..

BEDROOM LOTS, BEDSTEAD Payments taken. full size Wool Bed, Bolster and two Pillows, 2 Cane Chaim Pair Mattresses, and four yards oileleth 22 1, two yards wide. For -LOS. 6 .

AT JACKSONS A LARGE; STOCK of Men's, Payments taken. lA. Youths, and Boy's Overcoats on Sale, trousers Tests sad coats, Shirts, Singlets, Jic., for the Winter at very Low Price.

Note the Address 59, AND 61, CHURCH-STREET.

VU ANTED, to Purchase Second-hand MILNER'S, V CH ÜBBS', or CHATWOOD'S SAFES.- -EDwznbs AND Co., 108, Whitechapel Liverpool: CIIINESEI SACRED LILY BULBS, just arrived from China, One dozen 2s 65.—Szerwzra AND SoN,lMporters, 93. Gore-road, Hackney, London. A LOVELY SET of BABY'S LONGCLOTHICS daintily made and embroidered, unused, 50 articles 305., apprO- val.—Mre. WILFRED MAX, The Chase, Nottingham.

LAZIRRS' DIAMONDS.—Reliable tools at moderate l_T prices. Diamonds re-set 2s. 6(1. ; write for ankW. 52. Rahere-street, Ooswell-road. London, URIED FISH and. CHlPS.Lildaimorr's Champion .1: Ranges and Potato Peelers, aeo shop on wheels for outdoor; 24 page list free.-51, LEVER-ST., Manchester, ic

LIARIIIIiNWARE and Chlna.—Seconds £2 crate: Bests Ej £3 ;or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d. write for iSta.—WEBB AND Co., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton. OULTEY.—PULLETS at prices ranging iron, le. 6d. C o 034.; pure bred Minorca.. Leghorns, Urpingtons • two Leghorn Cockerels, 55. each.—C. TURIEF.R, Feartlead, Warrington. KLONDIKEL the NEW ELDORADO.—Pamphlet by Brosdshovel. "Row to go, and what to do when there," price 6d post free.—JosEPE LONG, 12, Belle Vue-road, Cinderford, ci los. Tun CANADIAN RUBBER SPECIALIST will forward 1. on receipt cf two stamps a price list of rubber appliances of every description. Best quallty.—Apply 117, NEWPORT. BTREET, Bolton.

LIWO MIL—Ms 2s, lelbs Is 6d, 13lbs 3s, 151131 31 6d, carriage paid. Dressed for Cooking, splendid quality, prompt delivery ; schools aa catered for ; lists free.—STAII gum Co.; pontoon, Grimsby. Quote paper.

PRIZN-BRED ccourn PLIPPIRS for sale. Sable and White, Sir Ormskirk Astonishment; winner of Firsts and Seserte Prizes. 4 dogs and 1 bitch: dogs, 255. ; bitches 201. eaoh.—J. Saw, Claremont-road. Irlams-teth-Height. Manchester.

R ACING COUPONS.—A successful Competitor will send PRINTBD SPROIstBN COUPON filled up. showing best method of obtaining three winners nn one line, worth knowlng.-6d and addressed envelope to A. TETLOW, 1, Wright-street, Southport.

A SPLIODID OIIANCII for small Investors.— To secure IX shares in a thoroughly genuine going concern paying over 15 per cent., and shows every promise of increas- ing profit,; no agents.—Apply BECREATIoN MOTOR CURS, LLICITED, 6 Finsbury Pavement, Loudon. B.C.

rpo BU SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,720 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring spacte.—Address J. HOSICING, 16, Fen wick-street. Liverpool.

SRTHAND Tuition by Correspondenc 9, —Hallett's postal Shorthand classes offer unique facilities to beginners. backward students,advanced writers ,t0.,0f Pitman's System. particularly to those living In outlying districts. Unequalled postal experience. Success guaranteed. Moderate charges First pupil enrolled from each town and village admitted at three-quarter fees. Bend stamped directed Envelope for Prospectus. -F. 7. HALLIVIV F.I.P.S. (honours) Shorthand Specialist, Phonographic Institute, Taunton.

po THOSB Suffering from Nervous Debility aid Bahaus- ii.. tion.—New and re.7ised edition. The CIONfIiS SION and BiPHHIHNCH of one who suffered for years. An emphatic warning. The means of effective Self-Cure detailed fully. No more quackery or medical imposition. The cure placed within the reach of all. The method is simple yet sure. Copies may be had gratis by sending stamped- addressed envelope to the Author—Awrstuit DIXON. Alder- wick-terrace, Hounslow.

• DRAWING INSTRUMBETS, Boards, T and Set Squares. Scales, Tapes, Pencils, Colours ac., So. English Make. The very latest, best and cheaped 7ust published new Edition of Illustrated Catalogue, post free. A. CI. THORNTON. PRACTICAL MANUFACTURER. 66, St. Mary's-street, Manchester.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. E 5. Cash advanced on Goods D epobited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, &c., warehoused.

ONDON, HOTEL ALEXANDER, Vauxhall Bridge-road, .IJ S.W., oldest largest. bast private Hotel, close to Royal Palaces, 2 minutes from Viet°, la Stations, moderate charges, night ported ;en pension. Telegrams. ••Ekaboron, London. I

LOHDOI7. NVILD'ii TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSOIAT 70 is 71, BUSTON SQUABS,. nOME COMIORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUBINEoS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel OD., Ltd. Proprietors.

g OUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDa giRO, Physician : Dr, BARGADO. dimmer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Soutiaptrt, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Bea View. near PPrks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7e 8d ' per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths., Massage and Galvanism. - BOtCOCIC, Proprietor.

etc. (.iT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, IMITETi (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Halm. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of llngineering Work promptly. Catalogueof wheel and pulley natterne on appli- cation. —Telephone 229.

I_DA TENT OFF lOTA ' ANOWESTER, • - . ESTABLISHED IN 1835. • - -- • Mem GEORGE DAVIES It SON have ha .4 more than 4C years' personal experiences in conneetion with this Establish. ment, and poseesapractioalknowledgeof the cotton, woollimill and iron manufacteres. Soil -help to the New Patent Law, price Ba. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," :price Is. %SORGE DAVIES, ON., & SON, F.1.P.A., 1 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, IdANCHRSTRR.

Oitibt:&t.l3rUa &T• . N SALE, two shire bred COLTS (one filly) rising three years old; both been mouthed.—Apply Mr. BURGESS, Tabley Brook, Knutsford. PONY AND TRAP on hire; also good stabling to sworn- =date 20 horses.—JAMES TAYLOR, Vine Hotel, Low- lands-road, Runcorn. -UDR SALE—Good Scotch Terrier BITCH, aged 2 years, I.: good breeder; past distemper ; colour, briridled. Also Young terrier dog pup, champlan pe ilgree ; 8 weeks old ; colour, sandy brindied.—Anons MCPaitasoB. Grey-street, Killin, Perthshire. J'ANDSOMN K' BLAC MAAR, 17 hands ; 7 years ; long flowing mane and tall. Used to single and double harness. Can be seen working. Suit undertaker. To be sold cheap.—J. Moss, 1, Douglas Green, Whit-lane, Pendle- ton, Manchester. .

GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE AT _t jpirrs,s. LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER, (Just past Station, through Railway Arch). THOUSANDS OF FOUNDS WORTH BEING • . CLEARND OUT, TOTALLY IRRESPECTIVE OF PROFIT. DITTS'S GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE, now on. is 1 creating quite a sensation throughout the Furnishing Trade, as never before have such INESTIMABLE ADVAN- TAGES been offered ; and not only are the general public In hundreds from lay and near patronising Pitts's, but also the elite of the distriet to such an extent as to cause grave dis- satisfaction amongst less favoured competitors. But who can wonder at the MARVELLOUS SUCCESS of the Sale , considering that Pitts's have marked down their immense stock, entirely obliterating profit, thus enabling purchasers in many cases to SAVE from 25 to 50 per cent. ? Comparison will demonstrate the INCONTROVERTIBLE FACT that Pitta's are now offering New Suites, for instance, at sixteen or seventeen guineas each, exactly similar to those displayed as bargains in city show windows at 25 to 30 guineas each. same design, wood. won kmanshlp, finish, mountings, Ac. In fact, everything identically the same except that Pitta's , price is little more than half, and a still GREATER SAVING is shown in the Second-hand Department, where Pitts's price is only about a tnird of original cost. The veracity of these statements, on which Pitta's stake their, half century reputation as the , LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST GENERAL FURNISHERS, Can be easily tasted by inspection. "[PUTTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15-1, 22k. 28k, 33i, 53, 75. 100, up to 1,500 guineas will during this Great Sale be amended and improved by the irclusion of more artic.es of lunch better quality. On inspec- tion these will be found to far surpass and excel in point of artistic effect, comfort and durability anything now air ever offered by would-be competitors. It is, therefore, the BOUND IN DUTY of every judic.ous person to obtain full particuisrs, which are sent free on application.

DITTS'S DRAWING-ROOM PURNITURE--Chippendate. Sheraton, and all leading designs, upholstered in ev cry conceivable Variety of Genoa and frieze velvets. broCatelle, cotelaine, silks, &e. Magnificent Cabinets. Overmantels, Wine, Card, and Occasional Tables in endless variety at very low prices.

DITTS'S BSDROONI FtlitNlTUßE.—Saites. solid wood I. throughout, in satin walnut, American walnut, Spanish mahogany, and all faiuionable woods ; Beis.eads, Spring and Wool Mattresses, Bedding, Drapery, Toilet Ware,&c., in countless numbers. No reasonable offer refused.

PITTS'S BRDS7,7I3IAD DISPLAY In Show Wizadows, 25) feet long, undoubtedly eclipse all others. Previous to the Bedstead Manufacturers' Association's recent 10 per cent, advance Pitt S's placed contracts for nearly £l,OOO Bedsteads. consequently Pitts's customers are now getting the benefit of this bold stroke,

PUTS'S CARPETS and FLOOR covinaNcts.—All British made. Fitted free. Largest, best, and cheap- est stock. Astounding value. Grand display. Worth inspection. pITTS'S PIANOS. by Brard, Collard, Kirkham, Brinsmead J. now being cleared out totally irrespective of profit. Unprecedented opportunity. Guaranteed great saving. Cash or Basy Payments. Delivered first instilment.

SPECIAL LADIES' AND GENTS; MACHINES, £8 lss, TO £lO 10S. NEW HOWE GENTS' CYCLES .tl2 10s NEW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES £l3 Os EXCELSIOR LADIES' CYCLES £l4 Os , PREMIER GENTS' CYCLES ,tl4 Os PREMIER LADIES' CYCLES 'l4 Os: NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10s. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES £l7 10s• SEE WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. GARLAND, CYCLE FACTOR, 51., 53, 55, Bill DGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED G to inform their former patrons and the Pub- l./ lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL MIR INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUT. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. ei-OHN WILSON & S'ON;(BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. „ Dowxannui Noun, BETarvarr, 105, NoPE STREET, GLASGOW, 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. NARREVILLE FAcromr. SALLYUItaIC.

WINTER FASHIONS. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND COMPANY, LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. , _rn ASHIONS FOR WINTER ON TUESDAY NEXT THE 11TH INST • EXCLUSIVi STYLES AND PARIS MODELS N MILLINERY, COSTUMES, MANTLES. NOVELTIES IN • RICH SILKS AND DRESS MATERIALS. NEW GOODS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND COMPANY, LIMITED BASNETT-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL.

t _Ai V, THOMAS DOWDALL, 671 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in Vile CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES. CABINETS, DRAWING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes, Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Sliver. Eleotro Plate, Overmantlee, Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads. Dining Tables, .kc., &a. ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions siy this Establishment is unsurpassed for ::tyle and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED,

p. T. DAINTITEL GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER, SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES, ROVER. CENTAURS ARIELS, AND OTHER MAKES OF CYCLES. New Business Address s- -121, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON.

MISS ISOBEL RIGBY, 84, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, FLORAL BASKETS, FLORAL EMBLEMS, &c,

OUR GAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE, BEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN. both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. orcLus at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers of the Highest Reputation. • - LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT-Iff Or GRADUAL PILYMXIATEI. • ca QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 69, BOLD STRUT. LIVERPOOL.

FRANCIS J. DELL, HOUSE DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUDITiIiII, GLAZIBR, 01101011 SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS • Always in Stock. 30, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ORFORD LANE FLINT GLASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. IMPORTANT NOTICE. The LAND and BUILDINGS cA ithese Works being now ON SALE, the Proprietors have decided to Dispose of their present STOOK of MGR CLASS CUT AND MOULDED TABLE GLASS to the General IPublic Privately,; on their premises as above, at VERY GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. The goods can be purchased daily between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. On Saturdays until 1 p.m. August, 1898.

COOPER AND CO.ll HIGH CLASS JAMS AND JELLIES. JAMS • AND JELLIES. UNRIVALLED FOR QUALITY, PURITY, AND FLAVOUP. MADE ONLY FROM FINEST SELECTED FRESH FRUIT AND PURE CANE SUGAR. ' PER as. JAR. A PPLE . . 512 D. 1 BLACK CURRANT JAM.____ 9D. IDAMSON JAM 712. G I OOSEBERY JELLY &SPBERRY JAM STRAWBERRY JAM ....... SD. MARMALADE, SCOTCH .... 4D, MARMALADE, lIOME MADE 7D. JARS CHARGED ID. EXTRA. SAME ALLOWED WHEN RETURNED. Central warehouses— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON, Local Branch 4, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

DR. SCOTT'S pILLS Contain the fiu st drugs that can be procured. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DL SCOTT'S pi LLs Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. D' SCOTT S ILLS Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Tho Best FamilyAperient Medicine and Blood purified D' SCOTT'S pILLS Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet:or cold. DR. Storrs PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBHRT, 173, SBYMO UR MACH, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead but insist on having the right thing, which Is wrapped in a square green package

TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE RENOWNED FOR TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, inrpsurnze, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, -1 srAszics. TOWL ( E'S kjIILORODYNE 130. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE MANCHESTER.

Ebr " eraintittr " &trim Or LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Ili ...Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday _L afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- day morning, and rr iIE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... ls. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os, 9d. ... ls. lCd. ... 31. Od. 38 ls. 04... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. • 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. id. 6s. OA. 64 ls. 6d. ... 31. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise Went inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

• THE EXAMINER. OCTOBER 21st 1898,

DRILL HALL, RUNCORri •r. TUESDAY, OCTOBRR .25ht, 1893. GRAND CONCERT BY THE RHONDDA ROYAL GLEE PARTY. THE FINEST SEEGERS IN THE WORLD. DISTRIBUTION OP PRIZES TO TRH RUNCORN VOLUNTEERS BY LADY BROOKE. Admission, Is.' 25., and is. /loors ope mm lbs Coence at 7-30. Plan-of Seats at Mr.. G. Bellamy's. Hlgh•si, et.

Munyon's Great Gift. Medical Adyice and Consultations by Post Free of all Charges. We sweep away all fees of every kind for consultation. We place the advice of the Munyon Specialists; within the reach of every one absolutely free of charge. No matter what the disease or how long you have been ill, it will not cost you a penny for a thorough examination and complete advice as to the course of treat- ment needed to restore your health. Obstinate and chronic cases receive the combined personal attention of the whole staff of Munyon's specialists. All letters received and answered are regarded as strictly persona and confidential. If you desire to accept the above free offer and receive MUNTOWB Gums TO Malan and Question Blank free, fill in the following coupon and send it to Professor Munyon, 121, Shaftesbury Avenue, London, W.C. Name Name of Paper Address CONTRACTED A SEVERE COLD

RARE FRENCH A ENGLISH WORKS Curios, Facade:a, Illustrations. &c. VERY VALUABLE PRIVATF. COLLECTION. CATALOGUE 1/- POSTAGE 21(1. H. BOUVIER, 44, Ruo St. George's, X PARIS.

JOHN CHORLEY, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT. EUTTERMARKET-STRE El T AND ScoTLAND-BOAXI; WARRINGTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND DIOII/11 CO., LTD,, and The " UNBREAKABLE " PULLEY and KILL GEARING CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. e_j‘ Cart Arms, Springs and Axles. Tyre Hoops all invils, Vices, Bellows, Nails. Screws. Bolts and Cluittiglotc! ll descriptions, Spades and Shovels, Flies and HasPs. 71.0 Water Pipes and Gutters, Oils, Pahal. and Colours, of vanised Corrugated Sheets, Roofing Felt, Lc.. Forgings Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE plitirry packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities. PRESS OPINIONS. " We cannot but, think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Paoket System) is here propounded."—. Peter- borough Standard." " An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing I of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger ! and nat.re costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." • The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright dun ag the coming season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times." -- LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GEATIS AND POST FREE. Our CO MPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain lug Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, hoses, Rarely Plants, Ac., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 500 Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Quid., gratis and post free.

I

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, II A rig- 0 P ' S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOr"

RAILWAY TIME TABLE. OCTOBER FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge-I 10,7 30 8 12, 10 20, 15, 2 55, 5 20. 5 0 720, Sundays 101 l a.m. Altar and Hillhouse-7 12 831, 1 14. a 3 19,a 4 .a 7 . Sundays 9 36, 2 5,9 3. a Stops if requirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 3 0.13 23, 710,7 35, 950. 10 40, 12 0, 1 50, 2 35,320, 5 20, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 0,10 15, 4 5 11 35, ablondays excepted. I Mondays only, Birmingham (Midland)-6 6. 9 59, 11 58, 12 65, 3 20, 50 6 55.11 52. Sundays 11 45. 421,515 p.m Blackburn -5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 41, 1 15, 2 40, 6 48, 850 Sundays 843. 60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 9 56, 11 0,12 25,1 15,2 40,3 50 4 51, 6 48, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 25,10 20, 12 14.1 15,3 30,3 35,4 23, 6 53,7 17 9 20, Sundays 8 43 a.m., 5 15. 8 28. p.m. Carlisle-2 35 am, 7 47,9 55.11 40.12 25,2 15, 348 6 43. Sun- days 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 31,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 47,12 25, 1 18, 1 40,2 10,3 13 4 22.51.1,6 4, 742, 1014, 1132. Sundays 1036,7 45,11 32. Collins Green-IS. 810, 925, 10 10, 12 7, 1 15, 3 35. 520, 6 58,7 8, 925, 10 30. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, b 3 23, 710. 950, 950, 10 2D, 11 35.12 0, , 15, 1 50, 5 3, 5 20, 6 22,7 20.7 56,11 35. Sundays 2 53,10 15, 4 5.11 35. aMondays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 5, 1230, 2 10. 3 15, 5 11, 6. 4, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 844 a,m. 745 p.m• Derby (Midland)-6 1, 846, 956, 11 55,12 20, 1255, 411., 5 0,6 55 , 1152. Sundays 515 p.m. Earlestovin-7 5.8 35,9 25,10 13, 12 7, 12 25, I. 15, 3 35,5 10, 6 58, 7 8,9 25,10 30,Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.m. 4 56,6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry A Penketh-7 38, 8 15, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20. 5 20, 6 17, 8-0, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. s'rodsham-7 37, 9 6. 1023. 5230. 210. 3 15. 4 22,5 11, 6 4 7 44,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. i 6?. 831. 95.12 0 18, 2 15, 40. 70, 80, 59 40, dlO 20. 11 39 Sundays 90. 955. 11 25.2 39, 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37. 529. 956, 11 41, 12 25, 2 40, a 50. Sun- days 237, a.m. Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 925, 12 25, 1 18,3 50, 5 20, 7 17, 9 55. Sundays 8 43. 60. , Hough lireen-7 12, 7 ,8 31, 95. a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 40. 60, 70. 80. 59 40, alo 25, Sunday 90, 936 11 25, 239, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 U, 7 55, 52,7 0, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 1014. 3 15. 5 15, 935. Lateliford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 30,90, 9 58 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 22, 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 6 13. 7 8, a 7 4b, 9 27 Sundays 850, 3 8, 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & sa, 5 32. 75, 8 10, 835 110. 127, 1225, 115. 520,78, 1030. Sundays 35, 510 5 30, 8 35, 843, 3 28. 4 56, 60, 9 54. From Hign Level Plat form. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 815. 10 9 pool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 10 24, 11 53, 155. 320,520,617,80, 948. Sundays 848. 2 40, 750 Liver 120,13,18.215,40. 6 13, 7 0, 8 0. b 9 4J 10 25 10 46. 11 39 , Sundays 9 3,9 55.11 25,2 393 10, 9 18.10 18,10 33, cSaturdays only, a Except bblonday except Saturdays. London 3; N. W.) -2 585, a 3 23, 7 10, 950, 10 20, 11 35 120.1 50, b 3,5 20,622,11 34. . undays 2 58,10 15, 45, 11 35, aMondays excepted. bblondaya only. --.‘g , London (utland)-6 1, 846, 958. 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52, Sundays 9 37 a.m., 5 15 p.m. Lymm-6 20, 7 22. 80, 90, 9 53, 10 49, 1 14, a 2 22 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927. Sundays 850, 3 8 812. aSaturdays only Blanchester (L. A N.-W.) a 2 50, b 3 10, 8445,5 46. 75, 810 826. 835. 919. 10 40, 12 14, 1 15,2 20. 3 32, 4 20, 6 20, 615 6 0,7 17.8 g 9 20,10 30. Sundays 3 10.5 15,7 40.843 a.m.,5 0 7 47, 8 28.. F:om High Level Platform. afdenditys only Mondays excepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20 7 20, 7 65, 8 57, 9 55. 10 46. 1 11, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10. 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. Sundays 846. 3 5. 810. 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55. 92, 9 65, 10 55, 11 23,11 55, 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 65, 4 55, 5 55, 6 55, 7C. 755, 8 12, 855, 9 15, 955, Sundays 97, 35, 315 g 15, 7 18, 8 55, 9 25, 9 35. 10 U. Middlewich -7 30, 10 20. 2 255, 6 35b,7 20.Haturdays only. Moore-7 30.10 20,1 54, 2 55,5 35.7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 50, 8 10 8 35, 9 19,10 20,10 40,10 55,12 14,12 25.1 15.3 30,3 48,4 21,5 20. 6 53 7 17.9 20, 9 50,10 30. Sundays 3 10.7 40,8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 60, 6 0, 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, eMondays excepted, Padgate -7 0, 755,8 2,8 40,10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20,1 44, 2 40. 3 55.528,7 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 856. 10 14, 347, 515 9 35, Preston-2 37, 529, 545, 835, g 5, 110, 11 12, 12 25, 2 40, 3 48, 440, 6 48, 7 17, 847. 9 40.a9 50. J undaye,2 37, 8 43, 335, 6 0 964. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38.8 15, 9 45, 0153, 155, 320. 620, 6 17, 80. Sankey (for Penketn)-7 12, 756. 95, 105, 11 5, 120, 1 5, 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60, 70,80. 09 SO, 510 20, 1046. Sun- days 9 0,11 25. 2 39, 9 3,9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- days only. cbdondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 46, 10 55, 1265. 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 5 15, St.lielens-5 32, 75,5 10,8 35,10 0,10 55,12 7,12 25,115,3 35, 5 20, 6 20,7 8, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 835. 843. 60.9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 10, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 319, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 936, 2 5, 93, aSatur days only. Thelwall-6 20. 7 22,8 0, 9 0,9 68,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 22,3 38, 4 11,518, 613. 7 8.a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 512. a Sat- urdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 95 155. 110. 120, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40. 6 29, 60.70, 80, 9 40, a 9 40, blO 20. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39,9 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays nly. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 15, 9 45, 109, 1i63, 1 55, 320, 540,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 848, 2 40, 7 50. Wigan-2 37, 629. 5 45, 7 10,8 35, 9 56, 10 55.11 40, 12 25, 615 2 40, 3 48, 4 44, 5 20. 6 40, 7 17,8 47.9 40,9 65. Sunday, 237. 543,3 35. 6 0, 9 64.

Give a dog a bad name & hang him.), In other words, character being gone all is gone. As the Scotch wou:d say "He is a lost Laddie." A (I°g with a bad name is an unfortunate cur. Of all men in the world a Patent Medicine Pro- 13rietor should hayo a good nam3 :in other words, a sterling character. Forty-six years should be time enough for a man to make a name. Page Woodcock's Wind Pills have been before the world nearly fifty years, and are now admitted to be far and away the best and safest remedy for the cure of Indigestion, "Of course" you say .you expect a Proprietor to say 80. "He wants ta tell hi.; wares." Yes, he does, but he won't lie about them. AU sufVrers from Indigestion, Wind in the Stcrnach, Liver Complaints, Biliousness, Spasms, Sick Headache, &c., may have perfect confidence in Page Woodcock's Wind Pills. Being purely Vegetable, Tasteless, and Mild and Tonic in their action, may be taken with perfect safety by the Most delicate of either sex. Mr. J. Wellingham, Stow Badon Hall, Attleboro' Writes :—Sir—" I think it due to say your Pills have done me an immerse deal of good, and in my °Pinion no other Pids can a thousandth part equal them, in fact I cannot speak highly enough of mein. You can use this in any way you think fit." • Page Woodcock's Wind Pills are sold by all Medic- ine Vendors at is. 41. and 24. 9d. : post free for Price from Page Wooucock, Lincoln.

POSTAL I N FORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Prodsliam, lietsby, Daresbury,anu Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 ama.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools- ' ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, ourham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central. South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 945ia.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, mad the Isle Ma 10-10 am,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester. South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor, humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—Londoti. S.-ga,tern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester, Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury I North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter. Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S East Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W:gan Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.— Liverpool, Southport, Birkenhead, Northwhich Nantwich and Sand bach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge. Helsby, Widnes, Penketh. Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymin, Thelwall, Ileatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester eerrborough, East Lincolnshire. 55.p4.5m1.-TriL.Lymer.pnocohl teVrCheesett Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and IA est Cumber- land , 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and toe U.S.America 6-15 p.m.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and ticotlansl 10-30 p.m—Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Haltpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—Loudon, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign a.etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. exceptun Thursdrys when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is Suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ••• ••• ••• ••• High-St., Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jarnes Jordan Hours of (Week-day'. 7 a.m. to 9.mp. Atte nee. 1. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST.—Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPA.ICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG ,rn tslw) eoriwi eins e W I Tj surroundedwotinds withth inflammationdischargeat o .thtl'terwb.haePni you press your linger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression P If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured. or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprlve you of the power to walk. You may have ettended various hospitals attd had medical advice, ani Peen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CLN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps ; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for Is. 6d. to C. W. ALIIKRT, 73, FARRINGDoN-STREET LorrPoN, and you will receive a b9a,,of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs -lora a maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols ) lel lon Bunions. (Registered Copytight.)

.14AIDIE INDISPENSABLE TO LADIES I Particularly those who desire a quick, safe and reliable and non-injurlotte remedy for all obstructions and irregularities, a medi- cine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair, as the most obstinate and helpless eases have been immediately relieved by thls remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "your Invaluable remedy took Immediate affect; In lase than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of alisery and hopelessness.' A properly certified. guarantee is enciesed with testimonials and medicine. One package at Ile is usually sufficient for tny case. Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- lars and proofs. I will forfeit £2,000 if the tend- rnonials are not genuinean Thousands of unsolicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies vvhich we utterly worthless and fraud:dent imitations. NOVO?. —This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have the largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and only harmless medicine of its kind fr•t• ladies, and cures more patients in one month than all other Female Remedies put together in twelve months. This can be proved by our Testimonials. If you require more particulars, I will send you per return of post, in sealed latter, post tree, a splendid Book (3; pages) and Guide cloth covers, 60 pages and 40 illustrations of Ladies Appliances), and full particulars of the wonderful effective remedies as advertised end sold in every town and village in Great Britain, Consultations Free every day 3to 7. Established over zoo years. Do not delay, but write at once privately to MADAME .FRAIN, ledisal Institute, Hackney Road, London, NAL (OpPn-"e Shoreditch Church.) GREAT TRIUMPH. 0/1 WARNER'S SAFE CURE FOR KIDNEY AND URINARY 1 DISEASES. Prescribed by Physicians OF ALL Countries. DISTINGUISHED PROOF OF MERIT. The only remedy which cures BRIGHT'S DISEASE. "Look to your Kidneys and Good Health will be Yours." Send for Pamphlet and Diet Rules to— ll H. WARNER & CO., 88, Clerkenwell Road, London, E.S. f, Price 2/9 and 4/6 per bottle, SOLD ALL OVER 71111 WCISILD. • • Sam TADE tas e . R MARv • Best&tvlost Popular. Disinfectant, Ii all Cases of Fe ver &for Purifyins,Ust San ilas Fl uids,Powders,&Soaps Send for Pamphlet TheS,3nit ~;1:91.° Bethnal Green London E Sanitas Embrocation Bd., 1/-, 2/6

RECEIVIRG HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AID WALL BOXIIS ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:-

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSBD HORSH SLAUGEITHRHR, ALLEN-S=3 11T WAREINGToN. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid tor dead and worn-out horses, cows. ac. remoye.l any dtstance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN PINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand. Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND pram ON APPLICATION. IiCEAP IRON. METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. kiLAUGHTRE YAI.D, LoNCIPORD. hEITABLISIIV.D 1870.

CORPORATIOg OF THE CITY OF MAN CHESTHS. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made fro in Slaughter-howe and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., Delivered in bags. carriage paid. in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots Within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Supply strictly limited. Orders Ghoul& be given early in the season to prevent dis .ppointruent. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, Indoor an&Estates Super- intendent. Cleansing Department. Town Hall, Manchester. Or to Mr. 13. ALDRED. Stamford-rd., Altrincham, Mr. J. H. NEWTON. West Derby. Liverpool, Mr. J. S. DALLAND. Brookftelds, I.l,.ddiley, near Nantwich.

' 9 0-1191SlaSt() CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVIVC ALL PAIN:AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions It softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, of all Chemists. . AMAPA & SCSI, GherrIsts,HELTEHHAM.

MEN WHO ARE WEAK. MEN who are weak, and tired of taking NAUSEOUS ALA MYSTERIOUS Preparations to no GOOD PURPOSE ought to write in confidence when the Physician will send yo fat particulars FREE as to• how all cases of /MIMS DEBILITY, LOSS of VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIEC WEAKNESSES, can be SUCCESSFULLY and PERMA NENTLY CURED. Send Stamped Addressed Envelope to THE COLLINS REMED- 0., GOTHIC HOUSE, 9,ERSKINE STREET, LIVERPOOL. Please name this paper

'I he Royal Laundresses sy Critchey s "STARCH GLOB uneqtalledfor imparting a beautiful finish to it arche nen . ac., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.— , Cor wall says:—My wife will not finish our linen Without y(l3 "Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— lam, pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-cusIPA Starch. Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id, 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T ORITCHLIZY Blackburn. Proprietor.—Advt.

g Never be without a bottle of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essence in the house. All Grocers sell it. It makes de- licious coffee in a moment. veameateeoosevn

Send to . . . RAY & MILES, Liverpool For Illustrated Price List of LACE cu RTAI Ns Best Value In Evicts:lune.

TOWLE'sp,u,N;TipETLALpILLs ICOR VEIYI tk LE S. =Cum OonitltoT ALL TRZEIGLITARITIEII, =MOM ALL 'OI.9IIIIICIT/Olig, and relieve the &drawing symptoms so - prevalent with the sea. Boxes,l/1k d 2/8 (contains three - times the quantity), of all Chenusts. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 Or 54 stampa, by E. T. TO VILE Co.; Illanufacturers Dryden 44., Nottingham. ' n•war• • Inuttagion I tsriew • wrwlliteet.

• These tiny Capsules relieve Ridney and Bladder trouble Ntki TA Tfhoebysrt sorrel siusliaeritioorntso*nd cure, ours the same diseases Without inconvenience. Each Capsule DN 'bears the name Mid,.' Sold by Chemists, or post free 3.15, from WILCOX & CO., B.3,Mortimer St.,London.W.

Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are made from a se- lection of the finest coffees grown. Sold in small and large bottles by all Grocers.

VALUABLE LiteCoVanY FOR EVE HAIR,—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXIC•X HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original coloor4 it makes theihair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 64 per bottle.— Advt.

1:1 4*l 1t IGOUT PILLS On G our, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA. LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain fa qufokly reltrved. Sure, bate and .ffectual. All Chemists and bt(..res at is. 10. and 2s. Ed. per box.

• HOLLOWAY'S PILLS (Ave 13iIious and liervous Disorders, SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, Bic. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Nannfaetured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by an Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but gnat De arranged. TRETE'. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient Informir beforehand the cost Of worTEETH. Gold and other linings at moderate charges. TEETH. Ani2d.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Datorirtagiaturoasus hitherto by the adi rrE ETU. Maker to Dentists of 1.0,0 CC gallons weekly. BUM of the late J. H. _ P N.B 0 N (Damn ar:ExAx.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TmL. No. WM), LIVERPOOL, 5, BOLD-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLRSTOWN, on TI) ESDAYS, at Mrs. Masi; WARRII;MTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SAtual-61 . RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. NORTHWICH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLRICARBST•OT

_ MARRIAGES. RUNCORN. HULME —Tomo —l9Ol Inst. at the Paris'i Church Run by the Rev. J. Holden, M.A.. Mr. dward Hulme, to Ati.• Annie Teaks, botn of Ruucorn.
