===== 0002601_18981230_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TO IMPROVE YOUR 'XMAS TURKEY

U SE POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S SAUSAGES.

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES 13HOULD KNOW HOW TO REMAIN HAPPr, PROSPEROST

AND FREE FROM CARES. INVALUABLE INFORMATION SENT FREE on Receipt of Stamped Envelop. RiIOOSIMBNDED BY A PROMINENT PROFESSOR

WRITE AT ONCE TO J. 14 ILLS, & CO., 51, 901100 L-LANE, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
11111 L, „ mtner 41 L 4 I

No. 1029

Obriamias Ibbtriaments.

artamas sa bbertisementY,

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.

ebristmas In ertfstments.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to Fir TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stook. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—BUBTANCI9 AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

Posy{ xs. 7%d. per Quarter, 6s. 6d per annum. By Is gd. per Quarter credit

ebrtstmas ATlvertileintnts.

ebristinas a3btrttscments.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
LONGWORTH'S FOR SWEET BAGS.

1 oz. 10d. 2 ore. le. 4 ozs. h. 2d. per 1000. 5000 LOTS CARRIAGE PAID. CAP PAPER, from 6fd. to le. 3d. per ream, 4 LIM 6, OA.E. STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCIIIISTEH.

S•P•Q•R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY!! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION

NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Balrd's Pill. Price la, lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents). at the Reduced Price of 90. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIErORB.

, HEAD OFFICE--NOTTINGHA.M. JKSSN BOOT, Managing Director. Locial Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, 13IRMINCIIIABI, /sc.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
TOBACCO, CIGARS, k../IGARETTES, SNUFFS =ORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STILBET, INIANCHBSTUR. Eatablished 65 sears,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN CHORLEY, IRON. AND STEEL MERCHANT. BUTTERMARKET-STREET AND SCOTLAND-ROAD. WARRINUTUN. • Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO., LTD., and The " UNBREAKABLE " PULLEY and MILL GEARING CO., LTD., MANCERSTER. Cart Arms, Springs and Axles, Tyre Maps, all art es Anvils. Vices, Bellows. Nails, Screws. Bolts and Chains ill descriptions, Spades and Shovels, Files and Rasps, Ran- Water Pipes and Gutters, Oils, Paisiti, and Ooloars, Gal vanlsed Corruksted Sheets. Roofing Felt, &c, Porgiags and. Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEAN CO CYCLES MANUFACTURED EY

BAXENDALE & MANCH E ST ER

HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL

' Cbritirtas abberttstments.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be arranged TEETH All oonsultations fres. TEETH. Rath patient informed beforehand the Cost for work required. TEETH. EiFold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An d.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons Weekly. Bzors, of the late H. PARKINSON (oszner 31" BzAm.) ....... -15, MO3LEY-STREET (Telephone 185 a).

J.

LIVERPOOL. .5, BOLD-MR=l (Telephone 2155)

-- ST. HELENS GEORGE-STREET MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7p.m.

EARLESTOWN ....... BRIDGE-SFREEr TUESDAY. 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON ....... SANK EY-STEE EL

WEDNE3DA Y, 3 t) 5.

8,UNC0RN,....-::._._.::...-.......31. BRIDGE-STREET.

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.

NORTHVVICH.-.-.-18„ APPL ESIARR ET-STREET.

IMPORTANT NOTICE.

J. PARKINSON'S SHOW OF CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS ARE NOW ON VIEW. SPECIALITE, PRIVATE PRINTED CARDS AND OUR CELEBRATED 6ID. PACKET, WORTH Is. 6D. J. PARKINSON, 45, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

. .

''"v

XSIAS 1898.

EUSTANCE AND CO.,

43, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON,

BEG TO ANNOUNCE THEIR ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE

- - DURING WHICH TERRE WILL ER

A BONA-FIDE DISCOUNT OF

2s. IN THE X

OFF THEIR ALREADY LOWERED MARKED PRIC

OUR STOCK IS NOW REPLETE WITH TH NEWEST AND CHOICEST DESIGNS IN GOLD Sr, SILVER JEWELLERY SOLID SILVER PLATE Ac.. SUITABLE FOR THE SEASON'S GIFTS. NO SUCH DISPLAY As WE xow 2:Jaz HAS EVER BEEN SEEN IN WARRINGTON BEFORE AND WE CONFIDENTLY INVITE urapzononr raitzsmr- TITE OF PURCHASE.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
GENUINE BONA-FIDE

DISCOUNT OF 2S. IN THE ,t

===== 0002601_18981230_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
DURING DROMIBES.

EUSTANCE AND CO., 43, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Established 1864.

LLNCASHIRE & OHESIIIiE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

TEE EXAMINER SERIES OF

WHICH COMPRISE rrHE Warrington and Mid- Cheshire Examiner pub- 11th d Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns ani villages, and a la, ge agricattural tract.

TIIE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, and ttahtont Golborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field.

THE St. Helens Examiner and Prescot Weekly News pu Wished Friday afternoon. Thm district ccmprises this oentr• of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King: dom. &c.

rrilE Runcorn Examiner, flublished Friday morn- Ing. It is the only Weekly Paper In the district, an offers the beet and cheapest facilities to advertisers.

FrilE TVidnos Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legs Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, 13asaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (exc., pt Parliamentary) are inserted n all .the above papers at one charge. ._ _ _

—Each ef the eta we pavers consiste et 8 pages, 56 long and wide colurons,each column admitting more matter than tb• columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atten- tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examine ha dition to giving the local intelligence of the district. 112 which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three SIT Week Weeks Weeks Os. 6.1. ls. 31. 2s. Od. Os. 9d. ... is. 103. 3s. Od. is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. Ss. Od. is. 3d. ... Is. id. ss. Od. is, ed. ... 3s. 8d 6s. Od. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for coNsEcirrivn insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: Otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale: APARTMENIS WANTED nousgs WANTED APARTMENTS TO LIU HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO I.wr SITUATIONS VACANT WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE Advertisements received At any of the District OMlell may be sent to the Chief OFfice, Warrington. S44dapill ecived for eitl mints under 53.

Words

PRINTING! :PRINTING !

PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES I3R PALLS. PROGRAMUES FOR CON VERSAZIOXS. " EXAMINER "

) • .

•

i

•

, . .-;:t .44 ' . ;

, • 4- • ‘,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
COME AND LOOK COME AND LOOK!

MR. C. BOWER

HAS A GRAND SHOW OF THE VERY BEST

===== 0002601_18981230_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
QUALITY OE

HEIFER BEEF

Fed by Mr. James Faircloagh, Sir Gilbert Greensll, Messrs. Joseph Knowles, Ralph Tickle, John (+leave, Bennett Bros., A. Broome, Stone ; also PRIME WETHRE MUTTON Fed by Messrs, Peter Tickle, Jose ph Knowles, A. Broome, Davies.

P I Ci Warranted all Cheshire fed.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL ORDERS PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

MR. C. BOWER, 5, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

JAMES BRAMWELL,

FRUIT AND QAME SALESMAN,

NEW MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON,

Wishes to inform his customers and the public that he will have a LARGB SHLIICTION of PRIME FAT GEESE, TURKEYS, RABBITS, GAME, &c.

FOR CHRISTMAS WEEK, which will be sold at

===== 0002601_18981230_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LOWEST MARKET PRICES.

Drawing Clubs will do well to :call at J. B's stall before purchasing.

AI ..

GRAND CIRCUS, WARRINGTON --

LIVERMORE BROTHERS' ITALIAN CIR CUS.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAR NELLIE,

I saw the other day a hat which a friend of mine thought looked very charming, although personally I had an impression that it was rather heavily trimmed. However, I must confess chat after a closer scrutiny I was bound to admit that the hat looked well. I will let you judge tut- yourself, and so I will try and very briefly describe it. It was a plain black satin tilted slightly for. ward, showing, however, the wearer's pretty curls of hair which extended along the side of the head. Around and above the brim was placed some beautiful blue silk, made up into 9. Low at the back and gradually thinning towards the front until it became almost of the width of one inch ribbon. On the left hand side of the hat were bows of black material which had an edging of sable fur. At the side there was a very pretty paste ornament with four large imitation pearls. The fur gave the hat a seasonable appearance, although as I have said my first impression of it was that it looked heavy. Perhaps you will think differently to me.

At the opera the other evening my friend the Duchess of -- was wearing a beautiful evening dress. As you will know, she has recently lost a distant relation, and on that account she appeared in a somewhat sombre although smart dress. The bodice took my fancy because it fitted her splen. didly. As I have already told you the bodice was of black, the material being satin. This was made on a pale bodice for evening wear, in pink lining, the top of which was veiled in folds of delicate pink chiffon, which crossed the short fiat sleeve ol pink silk lining, and gave the effect of folds crow ing the arm and pinned down at the sides with a single rose. At the top of the bodice was a band of black silk, which looked very smart and gave quite a rich appearance to the dress. Besidea, it looked very neat—in fact I could find nothing tc complain of in the arrangement as a whole.

You will be pleased to hear that sleeves in even. ing dresses as in ball gowns have grown smaller although they had a tendency to enlargement at the shoulders. The other day at an evening party I saw a fine dress which I thought worthy of tak- ing a note of so as to describe it to you. The bodice was very slightly made of blue de ciel plan de soie with full vest of ivory chiffon and the decolletage surrounded by a garland of violets and foliage. The revers were edged with narrow bonillonaees of chiffon, and the long sleeves were of ruffled chiffon, mounted on a fitted lining of net. The costume showed off to great advantage, whilst the wearer was rendering a song which she sang charmingly.

The favourite blue of the moment is called pastel blue, and has a considerable dash of grey in it that seems to be more on the surface than in the actual fabric.

In an up-to-date dress the upper skirt is plain, but edged with narrow silver passementerie, which is also carried up the bodice as far as the revers. The under-skirt is stamped out in the darker blue, and lined with the lighter one. The vest is folded blue silk and has a &Liu of rich guipure laid over it, and tucked in under the velvet revere which are of the deeper shade, and look even darker than they are on account of the difference of material. The waistband and wired knot and the inside of the turnover collar are of the same. The sleeves are edged with silver passementerie, and have a narrow quilling of blue gauze ribbon inside them. I saw the other day a lady whose hair was arranged in a smart coiffure. The front is composed of natur ally curly hair, with long wavy hair at- tached to comb over towards the coil. These fringes are invaluable to ladies with thin hair, as they never come out of curl or wave with damp or heat, and save all the trouble of waving arti- ficially the hair which is growing on the head. For this reason they are also much worn by people who have thick hair, as they save a great deal of time. The coils to complete the coiffures can be made in various styles, all of them have fashionable slides, in plain tortoiseshell and handsomely jewelled. Wishing you all the compliments of the season, Your loving. JENNIF.

THE MARV&

'US POLYPHON MUSICAL IX THEMSELVES like ordinary musical boxes, but much su- perior tone. HUNDREDS of TUNES can be played. You can choose your own tunes, GEISHA AND UP-TO-DATE TUNES.

'aces from 125.6 d. to £25. ARCHER & SONS, 43 To 49, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TOBACCONISTS Commencing.—See IllnNtrat,cl Quid (2.59 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co..l£6o,uston-road London. Hairdressers fitted.—Manager, H. NlTEbs.—Advt.

" LINSHISD COMPOUND "Trade Mara of C 2mpound' /kenos of Linseed. for Coughs and Culds.—Advt.

4{.llLW' "„._.;_-/_,4"?‘ • -•••- ir.....,;"b .., ..---.2.-!-- 4,,,, -- !..0- • ..--,, - y ~,... ___-__. -•• .• ' '.•-

~7',- %, 457et' ,:,-, gr f f, fie •I• '. 7i/l/714 ' I*°l/1t), ' ' t)1 -I\\\'',\,\\ 14/1/1/1/7/ 7,;.4:: [,\'‘\\l‘\',:.\.,.. .1/ jr"/ f de i ( / iiiillitfinfitilli,) Ilf-I ,ii.ll.' '-'-‘k,.! li '\'\\l‘ ( f (IA '&, II 1 (II \ 41 11/11' erxe .- r A-9,- 11, . . i : sk,.l: \... ~,11,!!111,0 ‘,,, I . liiiiii . ~,., .11114,,;,111111i0111,,i %it, ‘ it ' . 1,81160 . 1.. ip % ~,\ i t , 1, . I, bi ,

/ ill/ / 1 /t, A .:•,.. * t,,..7. , I', : Vs• ~.. 7;4'0-40,714."-,i,--7----

_LLO L BOXES LAY B. • •

===== 0002601_18981230_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
" MADGE."

BETTER THAN COD-LIVER OIL.

Angier's Petrolebm Emulsions is better than cod-liver oil because, while having an equal food value, it has besides healing and curative virtues which cod-liver oil does not corms. It it antiseptic. It soothe and heals the membrane of the lunge, stomach, and bowels. It cures stubborn coughs. It expels disease germs. It purifies and enriches the blood. It gives vigour to the nervous system. It builds up health and strength. It is equally good for infants or the aged. Unlike cod-liver oil it is pleasant to take and aids digestion instead of disturbing it. It is extensively presenbed by the medi- cal professicn. and is used in the hospitals. Of all chemist..

CAUTION.—Ours is the original Petroleum Emulsioa. It la made with a soecial oil obtained frcm particular wells and carefully purified by our own process. Imita- tions made with otdinary petroleum cannot have the same effect. Be sure to get A,zgiees. A free sample on receipt nf 3d for postage. The Angier Chemical Co., Ltd., 32 Snow Hill, London, E.C.

ACCIDENT ON TRW CHESHIRE LINES RAILWAY. On Ftiday night last on the arrival of the 11-30 train from Liverpool to London at Warrington one of the carriage doors was found to be open. The unconscious body of a man was found about mid- night lying oa the Cheshire Lines Railway about 60 yards north of Rough Green Station. Mr. Robinson, stationmaster at Rough Green, was com- municated with, and the body was removed to the surgery of Dr. Mercer, Hough Green, who found that the man's skull was fractured, and that he was suffering from alicussion. From papers found in his possession he was identified as a farm labourer named Murray, of Upton, Widnes, and be was removed thither. He still remained in an unconscious condition on Tuesday night. It is supposed that the man travelled by the train men- tioned, and that on passing Hough Green, where the train slowed down, he jumped out.

To Moa.sEas.—Mrs. Wilmslow's , Sootbinz -4yrup hasbe n for over fifty years by millio.is Of !mothers for their Chil dren while teething with perfeet success. It will r-lieve the poor sufferer Immediately. It is pleasant to tgste ; it pro- duces natural quiet steep by relieving the chili from pa,n and the little cherub awakes" as bright as a butioa." Of al chemists is. Ij4. per bottle.—Advt.

(Al? rights reserved. THE

===== 0002601_18981230_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THIS VISIT MUST POSITIVELY TERMINATE

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31ST, 1898.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND NEW PROGRAMME

DURING CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.

SPECIAL DAY PEIIFORAIANCE3.

MONDAY, BOXING- DAY, Ar 2.33 AND 8.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27Ta, AT 2.30 AND 8.

THURSDAY, D13033/13HR 29ra, AT 2.30 AND 8.

BA.TURD&Y, DIiCESIEHR 31sr, at 2.30 AND 8.

DON'T FORGET SATURDAY, DECEHBER 31ar

PCSITIVELY THE LAST NIGHT.

CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS. PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. DYSON'S DIORAMAS h ND GIPSY CHOIR. PROM THE POLYTECHNIC. REGENT-STREET. LONDON. W. ONE WEEK ONLY. OPENING 'BOXING DAY. DECEMBER 26113, 1898. PICIORIAL PROGRAMME, Boxing Dav, December 26th A Trip, to Paris. Tue s. day, Old Ireland. Wednesthy, Sunny Italy. Thur a- day. What I saw in Romantic Norway. Friday. My Holiday in Switzerland. and Saturday at 3, Spec' al Matinee Round the World, and Saturday night, at 8, East Anglia. The Wonderful ANIMATED PHOTOGRAPHY AT EVERY PROGRAMME. Doors Open 7.30, Commence at 8. Carr ages 10.10 No Early Doors. Admission 25., ls.. 63., and 3d. On New Year's Day, TWO SACRED 60,!4* SERVICES, at 3.15. and 8.15. Collection on entering.

CHRISTMAS 1898•

FISH, POULTRY, AND GAME.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LOOK OUT FOR

REARDON EROS'

" WOMEN'S CHAT."

4"1" USE McDOUGAL L'S PATENT SELF-RAISING FLO U i IT IS THE BEST.

Christmas at the Schloss, Cumberland, Graiinden,was very quietly spent, The Court mourning for the late Queen of Denmark and the Empress of Austria, has not yet been lightened, high black stuff gowns, trimmed profusely with crape, and long crape veils, being worn indoors as well as out. The aged King of Denmark who is still with his youngest daukhter, has borne up won- derfully, but it is no secret that the death of the Queen has struck a blow from which he will never wholly re- cover. The Duke and Duchess of Cumberland will in all probability, proceed to Vienna shortly, and the King of Denmark is expectf dto arrive in this country on a visit to the Queen and the Prince and Princess of Wales. Chatsworth, where the Duke and Duchess of Devon- shire are entertaining right royally, is situated on a gentle rise near the base of a finely wooded hill, the Derwenc spanned by a handsome stone bridge, flowing past its principal front. The n ansion forms a square,of 190 feet, enclosing a spacioias court, with a fountain in the centre. It has a flat roof, surrounded by balustrades and is decorated with lonic columns. At the principal entrance a grand flight of steps leads to a terrace ex- tending the length of the building. The grand hall and state apartments are very imposing, the living rooms comfortable, as well as handsome. There is a wonder- ful collection of pictures at Chatsworth, and also a hall full of statuary, and artich s of vertu. The present edifice stands on the site of the mansion built by Sir William Cavendish in the sixteenth century, in which Mary Queen of Scots was imprisoned thirteen years. It was comple'ed in 1706, but a wing and other additions have been made to it in the present century. Chatsworth was but little fr quented by the late Duke, who much preferred Volker, his Lancashire home. This is scarcely to be marvelled at, as. despite its palatial attributes, Chatsworth used to be singularly deficient in very ordinary requirements. For instance, there were no blinds to the bedroom windows, and not any of the apartments possessed bell pulls. Now however all de- fects have been made pod, and comfort reigns sup- reme. _ .

Perhaps no one receives more presents at this particu- lar season than the Duchess of Devonshire. Her gifts have been endless, and came from Royalty downwards. The giving of Christmas presents is a graceful way of acknowledging, if not returning social oblieat ons,but— they are becoming som ,c,i,hat a tax. As in the similar case of wedding presents, they are influenced by com- petition, and since wealthy folks are in the habit of giving jewels, or jewelled knick-knacks, poorer indivi- duals seem foolishly to think they are obliged to do the same. _ .

In many Churches, ctrol singing took the piece of a sermon on the afternoon of Chrislmse Day, and in almost all a few carols were sung during, or after one of the services. The carol " Christiana Awake," which has become one of the most widely sung of all Christmas hymns, was written by Dr. John By om, and is really, of much higher merit than the generality of carols. The carol was undoubtedly originally like the Greek chorus, a song and dance combine I, indeed the Welsh word carol still maintains the simple meaning of " dance " alone. The earliest printed colt, ction of English Christmas carols was math by Wyenkvn de Words in 1521, and it would seem oe'd that they sit mid be mostly of a convivial character did we not know the passion in medimval times for mixing the sacred with the secular, or as Shakspeire says "singing psalms to Lorepipes." The Appledore railway accident aids yet another to the list of Christmas railway disasters, which are legion, many of them, owing to the exceptionally heavy traffic having proved unusually fatal. Perhaps thy best remembered is the Tay Bridge disaster, of 1879, by which seventy ot eighty people lost their lives. Among other bad Christmas traia smashes were the Shipton, 1874 ; when some forty people lost their lives ; that near Heathfield, 1870, by which more than a score of people were injured, and six killed outright ; the one at Arlsey siding, near Hitchen, 1876; and the awful collision between two express trains of the New York Central Railway, late on Christmas Eve, 1891. To the British Navy, December 25th, has already been a fatal day, though perhaps the most terrible of all these Christmas ocean tragedies was that whlch took place on the night of December 24th, 1811, when the St. George, the Defence, and the Hero, werJ wree ked off the Coast of Julland. There perished on this occa- sion, the Admiral Reynolds, and more than 2,000 of his officers and men. Among more recent Christmas wrecks, there stands out pre-eminett, the loss of the Blervie Castle, which fceandered ha the Channel with all hands ; that of the Ambassador, sunk in the Indian Ocean through a collision ; and the destruction, by fire, of the Shanghai in the China Seas, when nearly 300 persons perished. Miss Mary Kingsley intends to get forth again shortly on another West African Exped tion. There is no need to wonder where she gets her love of adventure, and her literary style. Her father was as enthusiastic in it as her uncle Charles. Miss Kingsley began her explora- tions seven years ago, on the North Coast ef Africa, and it was net till the following year that she gave her- self up to exploring the West Coast, wth a special in- tention of studying the idol-worship of the various tribes. That year was spent amongst the districts which lie be- tween the Congo River and Simla Lisette, In 1894 Miss Kingsley undertook &second expedition to these regions, and devoted herself to the study of the savages in and around Ashantee.

Miss Kingsley lays down three rules as being especially necessary for all who would wish to accomplish SUCCOV- fuIIy any travels or explorations in such regions as West Africa. They are patience, perseverance, and courage. Possessed of a sound and fairly vigorous constitution, she has been able to ward off so fa r,the insidious attacks f African fever, to which every dweller in those regions is s'o subject. She has never yet had an attack at all,an item very few African explorers can boast of. Miss Kingsley's new book, which will soon appear now, will it seems be quite as largess her last great volume on her travels. .

Large hips are slowly but surely disappearing, a state of affairs to rejoice over, as the mode was not a pretty or graceful one. What the unfortunate individual will do whose rotundity is natural I know not but these who have been accustomed to pad are being unstuffed as ra- pidly as possible. All house gowns are made long bath in the front and at the sides, and a small train appears in almost all instances. Skirts for street wear are fairly short, another inch or so less in length however would be better, and should be insisted upon by those who study their health. Gowns of real antique lace, attributed variously to Marie Antoinette, or the Empress Josephine, are p'eati- ful this winter, and if all one meets are genuine,one can only Some to the conclusion, that these two illustrous women must have done little else except present them- selves with new lace frocks. For young girls pretty dresses, mousseino de soie, tulle chiffon, and gauze, re- main the favourite fabrics. These dainty cog ctions are very elaborately ruched and ruffled, either with the same material as that of which the frock is built,er with narrow gauze or velvet ribbons.

_ Babies have long ceased to have a monopoly of the little narrow ribbons, and they are now applied to the garments of the most mature. They heed flounces, or edge them, they appear close'y gathered on skits, to simulate the polannaise, or other form of trimming, on blouse and bodices of all descriptions, they abound while in the millenary world they are more sought after than ever I saw the other day,two delightful bonnets built for an elderly dame, and both boasted strings made of baby ribbon, fortified by strips of velvet. The effect when tied in a fascineing bow, was very light and pretty. SPRAT TOAST.—Fry as mlny Eipreg se you require, re- move the skin and belle, and pourvi them in a mer'iar with t utter, pepper, and salt, and a little choppocl parley. Heat this over the fire,and than serve on squares of hot buttered toast.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND DISPLAY OF

GEESE AND TURKEYS,

FISH, POULTRY

GA illE, &e.

REARDON BROS.

STALLS NOS. 1,2, 9, AND 10.

TOP AND BOTTOU OF FISII MARKET, WARRINGTON,

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the moat obstinate cases within 12 hou.a. Success guaranteed jn

every ease bowev-er on atandini. THOUSAND 9 OS GENsUINE 3.ESTIMONIAI.B. 2s. 9d. ; post free 3d. extra. To be had only C. DEAN, BIRDICAL HERBALIST. 113, Uray's Inn Road, London,W 0

===== 0002601_18981230_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
SECRET OF MARK PEPYS.

BY FRED J. PROCTOR, Author of "Timothy Twill's Secret," "Jean

Mulou, " ‘:Dr. Dobbs," &o.

CHAPTER XXVII. MARK VERSUS MIRO.

In retracing my steps to Stony Hollow I cotmel over our conversation, probed it for motives, examined it as a pilot would the storm-beaten shore, wondering whether, by remaining at anchor, the good ship would be driven on the quicksands, or if, in sailing forward, she would become a wreck on some desolate spot. That night sleep was a devoted nurse, and before daybreak hunger added a delicious sauce to my fare. I was anxious to reach home and apprise Mark of his danger. On crossing the glacier I noticed that the stakes driven into the ice had travelled down towards the valley, a little distance beyond those stuck into the hard snow lodged between the crags. Thus the mighty ice-field moved at the rate of about three-quarters of an inch every twenty-four hours. Now the third day of my journey brought a dis- agreeable surprise in the shape of a messenger with bad tidings. The pard had started with us from Puke's Delight after the robbery of Mark's treasures ; he had fought with heroic determination at San Leno, and been true as steel throughout our j ourneyings. "Darn glad to see you well, Sandy," said he, shaking my hand heartily, "fer I calkilate times hey gone hard wi' us in camp." I opened my eyes and stammered: "Gang hard? What's up? ' "I'm gosh darned ef thet rascal Muro, him ez set a price on our boss's head," responded the man with a good round backwoods' ' oath or two, "ain't pounced on our camp. He thought hisself a clever coon, but I guess he'll swing in the noose he made fer our gaffer. He flung a boomerang at Mark's head, an it slung back an' whacked his own."

"How are Mark an' his wife?" "The boss is perky, but his pooty missis frets. Well, you know, Sandy, grub'B. scarce, an' I reckon a woman wi' an empty larder can't shew off her cookin'. Mebbe she'll buck up now the scoundrel ez chucked up the sponge. The tussle was suthin' hot, I tell you. At one time it looked ten to one on ,Muro, but Mark fought like a dozen men rolled into one—no covortin' about permialcus like, but at close quarters, jest ez he done at San Leno. The Spaniard crushed the little finger of Mark's left hand; God knows how 'twas done! Say, Sandy, how hey ye fared ? " "Never mind me," said I impatiently, "tell me all aboot the attack. Can't ye see I'm burning t' learn."

"No hurry, Sandy, now the cussed snake's ez good ez dead. I've come to fetch ye to his roasting. Jest don't worrit me while I light my pipe. Mud yer pouch, mate, my baccy's well- nigh run out." I struck a lucifer, and when his pipe was lighted he told me the sten), between his puffs. Tantalis- ing as this was, yet I dare not hurry him. "I got through wi'out a scratch. Thar was no time fer crookin' in the whiskey, ef thar'd been any left. It was like this 'ere. Pecos got wind o sutlain' wrong from some gels as come swaggerin' about the camp the day a'ter ye left. Pecos jest got canoodlin' round them gels thet much ez made one on 'ens blow the gaff. Puttin' two an' two together Mark guessed mischief was brewin' fer thet night. Shall we scuttle the ship, mates, an' take to the open ? ' asked the boss. We preferred to fight rather than skiddadle. To run sway would hov' been a sorter kind of shewin' the white feather."

"What, was Olive's advice ? " "Well, I reckon she entered into the thing like a brave woman," said my companion with ran. "She bartered her beads an' trinkets wi the Indian women fer good wholesome food, Bich ea a feller kin fight on, an' we all made a darned good meal. Then at dusk we let our fires smoulder, an' after dark we filed off on our ponies, one by one, by the gully leadin' west-nor'-west from Stony Hollow. This feint was suggested by Olive. I guess it was done jest about smart—a sorter kind o strategy thet gives men confidence. Well, twat grippin' our shootin'-irons an' keepin' a smart look-out two hours passed wi'out a move from the enemy." My companion stopped short and thoughtfully drew the palm of his grimy hand down his long unkempt hair, then, remembering the successive events of his narrative, he pinched his beard, poked the tobacco down in his pipe, and continued in his own peculiar style. "The Matherkites reckoned ez how we laid asleep, an' came ridin' route an' round, a score or more, the chief Moro Taisself ridin' forrards wi' care, an' then, no doubt, orderin"em to dis- mount. Two of 'em stoppeek mindin' tiler ponies, which Mark determined he'dicut off, an' I was one to tackle this job. Olive carried two loaded pistols, an' made good work wi' 'em. Well, the enemy crawled like insects towards the corral, an' our boys spread round closin"em in by degrees. Mark an' four of our lads hid away near the line of retreat for ther ponies. I kin tell ye, Sandy, we meant fight. Though all of us pitied Mark's wife, ez ain't thet robust jest now." "It was hardly the place fer a wuman in deeli- cate health," said I, by way of relieving the monotony of his nasal twang. "But she bore up suthin' powerful, an' when the devils heaped dry wood round her cabin an' set fire to it, Mark was furious, for he shuddered on guessin' ther fate, ef the couple had been inside thet cabin."

"What was yer signal to attack?" "Mark's whistle, an' when its shrill notes give us the chance we made them cussed Indians howl wi' rage. Our first volley picked off half a dozen. I shot one hostler through the heart, but my mate missed fire an' hit a pony. T'other feller scampered off, leavin' the ponies to the two of us; an', lest they should make fer the fire, we led 'em away." "A capital dodge," said I, "fer the enemy found their retreat cut off." _

"Yah ! " responded my companion with a broad grin. "We dished the blackguards, an' our lads closed in. I bad my work cut out to tether the ponies, an' when I did rush forrards to lend a hand the enemy as didn't lay welterin' in ther blood had took to ther heels. An' I guess they're done fer. But I see we've come to Stony Hollow, so let Mark tell the rest."

The camp reached, I gave my experiences, and Mark described the fight in detail. He was much bruised, and his wounded finger painful. The danger faced by Olive had won general admiration, bitt they declared Mark's escape from death was miraculous. The enemy was unable to reload after two of our lads had dropped, for our leader and the men rushed on them and engaged at close quarters. The ground about the burning cabin was soaked with blood, and not a square yard but what shewed evidences of a fearful struggle. Mark and Muro had expended their shots, and while the former was heeling the brigand rushed upon him. Mark, taken unawares, whisked out his long hunting knife, and was defending himself when one of our lads shot Muro through the right shoulder. Then the brigand seized his knife with the left hand, but Mark sprang to his feet and felled him to the ground with the butt end of his musket. There Muro lay senseless, and the others, seeing their chief fallen, made good their escape. One huge redskin was shot in the back by Olive, his body falling with a thud upon a -granite pavement, where he was found in a heap after the melee. '

Altogether thirteen hostile redskins lay dead, for no quarter was asked, and the slightly wounded were despatched at once, lest they should cunningly stab or shoot our men. This precaution was absolutely necessary. Pecos had a flesh wound in the thigh, our Indian guide had a nasty wound on the skull, and most of the others were more or less brnised or slightly wounded. At the first breathing time our lads clamoured for Muro to be hanged, but Mark stoutly resisted. "It looks too much like murder, lads," argued our chief, "and besides, we must study my wife's health." "The deuce take sentiment!" fiercely cried one. "I reckon Muro never spared us!" "Let us carry the rascal beyond Stony Hollow and burn him! demanded another, who pace.: around the prostrate Spaniard in a threateninE attitude, swearing at him as fast as his tongue could go. "Hold!" exclaimed Mark. "Grant me his lift till daylight. Sandy will soon be here, let him decide:"

" Wire him time for repentance," urged Olive. "He may confess much." "Bahl " answered the first objector. "The lamb pleads for the wolf, and he'll turn and rend her to p i eces. " "Stay! You are all mad with rage," shouted Mark, 'and our wounds smart. Let him live suffi- ciently long to feel his degradation. If, in our cooler moments, we say a lingering death is his just punishment I will let you have your own way. If you kill him outright now, you will defeat my aim. He may confess to-morrow in the hope of, saving his 'neck at he expense of somebody else." Mark advanced this argument to ease his con- science of the burden of summarily hanging a man. Torture was foreign to his purpose, though the hint satisfied the lads, and the notorious brigand was left in the hands of a captain who often shelved more good-nature than wisdom. Jip shared the honour of victory, for he kept at bay a hostile Indian who crept up the hill with the intention of cutting the ponies loose. The redskin was discovered insensible not twenty yards from them, the marks of teeth in his throat, and his arms and breast torn. jip was a bit mauled, but the noble animal forgot his pain in the excitement of triumph. Apart from wounds, perhaps the one who longest felt the ill effects of the dastardly surprise was Mark's wife • for when I entered the camp she was still suffering from hysteria and nervous prostration. After Mark had given me his modest version of the attack, I asked the whereabouts of Muro. "Come and see," said he, painfully limping on ahead.

"Ony bones broken, Mark ? " "No, Sandy; simply stiff. Joints Want oiling. Muro is bound within the corral. Step inside." .1 did so, and started with surprise when I saw the brigand's deplorable condition. He lay flat on his back on a bed of dried leaves and moss, his shock head resting on a saddle, and a blanket over his body. Muro turned his bloodshot eyes away from us—not from fear, but for very shame. "He may thank his lucky stars that Olive was here," observed Mark after we left. "He hasn't spoken a sentence since the attack. A sullen in- difference as to his fate seems to have seized him."

"Mere bravado," I suggested. "No; for on regaining consciousness he expected me to revenge myself. I must have knocked him half silly with the butt end of my gun." "Who bound up his wounded shoulder ? " ' "My wife. Why do you stare ? " ,"Well," I answered in an incredulous tone, "this is a queer retaliation. I always thought the parable o' the Good Samaritan a myth. Muro not only refused to have dealings wi' ye, but tried to murder ye; an', moreover, set a price upon yer heid. An' ye allow Olive to nurse him! All honourable warfare demands that a fellow like Muro should be immediately shot. Yers is the act o' a Christian gaen aff his heid! Ye smoke yer pipe upon a barrel o' gunpowder! " "Look here, Sandy; I don't believe half the puffs' about people's goodness; and Muro is like Satan, often dressed as a black scarecrow to frighten timid people." "Then if he is incapablg o' doing meeschief, why tie his legs to a stake? "Only as a poulterer ties the legs of a fowl—to prevent escape; only as a matter of precaution, and to satisfy the lads. He thought I should have cut his throat, or blown out his brains. When Olive saw him his eyeballs seemed to start from their sockets. His condition was a sickening sight, and you could see by his face how a calf whitens as the blood flows. My wife moistened his lips—oh! don't be alarmed, Sandy—and he closed his-eyes with a moan of anguish, as though he suffered untold mental agony. 'Then the un- expected came: hot tears welfed into his weary 'yes, and forced their way down his cheeks. Sandy, this man has led a dual life: fierce as a brigand, and perhaps not base as a citizen." "The Saracen mothers frightened their children hy making a bogey o' Cceur de lion. Mebbe Muro has been similarly misrepresented. If so, why his hatred o'ye ? " "Perhaps a third party has whispered that I seek his death, for the sake of the reward said to be offered by the Government." " Reward! ' I exclaimed with a cynical smile. "A mere subterfuge—Mexican perfidy Muro is either dumb or perverse." "The lads certainly give some common-sense reasons why he should be hanged." "Necessity in this case demands muir than mere rule o' thumb discipline," I urged, to feel the pulse of Mark's temper. "Muro is like Bona- parte: while he lives, nabody is safe. In sickness he's a burden; in 'health a menace. If a com- mander's forgi'eness endangers his followers, he is responsible fer their sufferings." "Then have his grave dug a hundred paces from the Union Jack, due north," grimly orderedi Mark. "He shall have a fair trial first, though," he , added, after a moment's thought; "and if he can plead extenuating circumstances, he shall be shot like a soldier, and buried decently." There was a curious hesitancy in Mark's manner, as though extraneous circumstances or possiblk_ contingences affected his decision, so I said: ' "What if Muro shews base ingratitude ? " "Then," he indignantly replied, his'voice laden with sUperabundant scorn, "hang the villain to the tree nearest his grave; let his flesh be food for vultures, and his skeleton a scarecrow to frighten his Indian allies! But mind, Sandy, this must be kept from Olive." 'He sighed, and sharply drew his hand across his aching forehead. What mental agony this decision cost him was studiously kept from all of us; nor for sometime was I even to guess why he faltered. "Mark, is that yer final decision?" "I have no alternative. He shall die—that is final. See to it at once, and let me get it off my. 'mind. When a man has a disagreeable duty to perform he wants to get shut of it as soon as possible. God knows, it is a wretched business." The boys were willing gravediggers, for Mure was detested by most Europeans; and, it must be owned, we had good cause for our hatred. Within a week we had struck camp; half going ahead with Olive about nine o'clock in the morning, and the rest remaining for the execution. Everything was done decently and in order. It was a horrible ordeal to bring the culprit forth. Yet the rascal did not behave as a coward, for he treated his approaching end with stolid indifference, and walked between two of our men with head erect and step as firm as his weak condition permitted. When he came to the place of execution, and saw his grave dug, a visible shudder passed through his body and his lips turned white; but it was only a momentary weakness. . .

Mark's face shewed the terrible effort this reprisal cost him, but he observed with a stern and solemn voice: "You are here, Miro; to suffer the extreme penalty for your base designs against my life, and for the murder of my men. Can you give any just cause why this punishment should not be carried out? Speak, now, for it is your last opportunity." Muro cast his eyes upward, and shook his head. Mark, remained silent; it was an extremely painful moment.

"Answer me, Muro. Why have you dogged my footsteps and sought to kill me ? " But the con- demned Spaniard spake never a word, and when a lad threw the noose about his neck he neither flinched nor moaned. "The fellow is no coward," muttered Mark to me. "I likg him for that." Then a woman's scream rang through the woods, and arrested our attention. Peering along a small colonnade, I saw the figure of Lucia Diaz. This denouement was so unexpected, that the Sefiorita's appearance almost took Mark's breatliaway ; in fact, Muro himself staggered a pace, ominously in the direction of his newly-dug grave. The situa- tion, so tragic in significance, acted like. a spell upon the lads. The hangmen, who simply waited the signal to hoist, now involuntarily let the rope go slack. On came Lucia, panting with excite- ment, and determined by screams and gestures to stay the hands of the executioners. Mark beckoned vine to accompany him, and then folding his arms he walked forward so that our conversation should be out of earshot. "Rae patience, lads," I said in an undertone, for our men were beginning to grumble; "his death will be on yer hands, unless ye wait till the signal is gi en." Lucia was about to assume a role that required great resource—an unsavoury task which she undertook without mincing matters. "Spare Muro's life," she cried "till I explain all!" . _

She gasped for breath—Panted like a deer hard pressed in the chase, and leaning against a tree would have fallen but for my support. There were "dark rings round her eyes, the veins of her' fore- head stood out like knotted whipcord; and from her face and lips every tinge of colour had fled. Just then I looked into Mark's face, and instantly saw his struggle for composure. Was there noi some excuse for his slight trepidation, for had he not adored Lucia; and was not this very woman now pleading for a rival's life?

CHAPTER XXVIII. FOR THE DEFENCE,

a. come," she began, after fighting down a sickly feeling which was worse than complete fainting, "at considerable inconvenience and with some amount of regret, to ask a• favour of you. Thank God I am in time."

Mark bowed stiffly; and Lucia paused for breath.

"ALM° is but guilty of attacking what he con- sidered a hostile foe. When I knelt beside the graves of your men at Sari Leno I swore to dis- cover the thief who stole your treasures at Puke's Delight. Muro was not that man." "Nonsense!" responded Mark somewhat im- patiently; "you are fooling us. The schooner was his; besides, he murdered the half-bred labourer who defended Pecos."

"You have no proof of Muro's connivance in the robbery or murder. Again, he was not the only Zuropean directing the Beige of San Leno." "Why attack me so persistently ? " "His mind was poisoned against you." "Humbug!" irritably retorted Mark.. "Next you will want me to believe that Muro was ignorant of the stealing of Kana's dead ancestors." Lucia haughtily drew herself up at full length, replying: "Muro was absolutely ignorant of that desecration. That was Goya's revenge; Planned and carried out by him as a reprisal against you. Olive's captors seized her plan of the caves, and Goya managed to obtain it. I would not jeopardise you, Mark; but I tell you I hated Olive!" "What a spitfire 1" thought I, as these words were hissed between her pearly teeth. Yet another phase of this woman's character was revealed. She inter- preted the look upon my face as condemnation; and her countenance grew anxious, as her pleading was more skilfully importunate. _ _ _

Mark observed severely: "Olive had done you no wrong." "I was anxious for you to save her life when she was a captive and doomed to death, and she repaid my kindness by winning your love. That I was careful for your welfare, you may possess proof in your own handwriting. I placed my jewelled cross —that which I carried from Yerba Buena—upon the mantelpiece in Sandy's room. Upon it I scratched a word or two with this hairpin." She touched a miniature dagger in her hair, adding: "I presume you saw the cross, and read my words " Mark bowed, but his features did not relax one iota.

"The hest proof of my truthfulness is this," urged Lucia, now speaking with more confidence. "Had Muro known the outward entrance into the royal caves, his passage into Golden Vale had been com- paratively easy. The accusation against you of an attempt to break into liana's treasure house was a base concoction of Goya's. I swear that the guilt of the desecration of the royal dead lies upon Goya's heart alone. You jilted me for Olive, but I would not revenge myself on her. Some men care not who suffer, so long _ as they are revenged. Goya was one of them. Muro was blamed, and your wife almost sacrificed, to satisfy the villain's wounded pride." "But since, you have been in league with Muro." "It is false!" excitedly answered Lucia. "And moreover, I bring Sandy Dees as witness that I wished to avert this calamity. I warned him." "Knowing full well," I retorted savagely, for even to my shame I acknowledge that I had no faith in Lucia's pleading, "that it was impossible for me to reach the camp before the attack.' "Then why have I secreted provisions for you at your camping ground yonder ? " I demurred by simply murmuring to Mark: "As a blind,' mebbe." He shrugged his broad shoulders, and signifi- cantly muttered: "I comprehend." "You remember," continued the persistent Spaniard, "that two shots were fired while we danced together on the sward near the cascade, one of which passed through my garment. Muro can prove his innocence by means of an alibi. Some who pose as saints may be culpable." She nodded her head several times to emphasise her reply, This irritated Mark, whose white brow seemed to have written upon it: "What meanest thou, Delilah ? " Then I interposed with: "You told me you were rich. If Muro has not supplied the money, who has? "

She curled her lip with disdain, the while her eyes flashed anger. 'Mountaineer," she said spite- fully, "stick to your own trail, or you may fall among thieves,' a snub which my impudence deserved. 'Then turning to Mark, she.added more kindly: "The calm way in which my countryman i awaits your decision s a proof that he is no cowardly cur." , "Your arguments are insufficient," said Mark, "even for me to grant a reprieve." "Then at least you will concede this—that he shall be shot rather than hanged." Mark shook his head, and Lucia added: "It is the only way for tongues to be silenced about the Transatlantic past!" A visible shudder passed through Mark's body; and she continued: "Grant that I may close his eyelids and place some monument to his memory." . .

Now,' as Mark stood hesitating, like one dumb- founded, Lucia's eyes filled with tears; but she quickly brushed them away, saying: "If not for expediency's sake, still for my satisfaction, give your decision. If I i_uxrantee your safety from all danger which threat.. us Miro leaves for "Spain, never to return—if I place wealth within your grasp, will you give me Muro's life ? Remember, were the sitt ation reversed, I would plead for you." "You have given us no po itive proof of his inn), e ice," said Mark with a subdued voice, like one fully conscious of his own shortcomings. "Spare yourself further psi- , and go away. The stubuk rn knave h s refused to take food for two days; and as for speaking, not open his mouth. Still, he shall be ht, like a degraded soldier, and not hanged, as e deserves. No, no," he added, raising his hand dei.recatingly as she was about to plead further, "I will make no further concessions!" .

If a woman's hear, t is set upon a good object, she will wheedle or burrow with the industry of a beaver until she gets her way. Thus Lucia sprang a few paces, and intercepted Pepys as he was going to order the execution. 'Mark," she pleaded, in the old winsome way that sounded so familiar to our ears, "listen a moment, and you will forgive Muro." And placing her hand on his arm, she faced him, her keen eyes gazing straight into his as she whispered a sentence or two which I failed to catch, but which seemed to paralyse him. Then this sturdy man heaved a deep sigh, as if the troubles of the whole world suddenly burdened his soul. Indeed, he leant against a pine tree, so great was the shock produced by her words. Lucia put her hand gently upon his shoulder, and as I moved closer to render any necessary assistance I heard her pathetically murmur: "If you are now convinced I speak the truth, let me have his life. To many virtues, which I envy you, add one more: a noble-hearted pardon." "Sandy," was Mark's subdued order, "you and the lads must forgive me for climbing down. • . . God knows there is no help for it. . . . If you have any regard for me, don't add to my misery by asking me why. Never even refer to it. If the Senorita can nurse him back to health, let her try: I join my wife; you follow on at once. Thank God, I wipe my hands uf a strange foul stain!" And turning sorrowfully to Lucia, he added: "Senorita, I accept your conditions, and grant your request. If he recover, let him leave for Spain at once. Tell him what I say, and why I restore him to liherty."

- „ And Mark walked through the wood as one stricken with melancholia. Lucia and I joined the lads, who were naturally impatient at this delay in the ghastly business. Quick as a fawn, she sprang to Muro s side and spoke to him; but he closed his eyes like one struck with blindness, and despondently shook his head. Then she slipped the noose from his neck, and he let her lead him to the trunk of a fallen tree close handy. I followed, wondering what next she would do, when all of a sudden she turned upon me like a lynx at bay, and half-shrieked at me: "How long has he refttsed food? Am I mad, or only confused? Was it two days you said ? " "The Senorita heard correctly," I replied. "He 'had the best attention from—" Moro put up his hand and checked me naming his benefactress. This was the first intelligent movement he made, his previous acts being simply mechanical responses to the wishes of his captors. "Tell Mark Pepys," she cried in great anguish, "that his forgiveness has come too late. He knows now how easily one may misjudge. Far better had your master shot Muro outright than he should be doomed to a lingering death I" "I know nothing of the confidence that _passed between you and Mark," I replied; "but Muro's life cannot commend him to our pity. In his mad attack he spared none of us. No man, save the large-hearted Mark Pepys, would have for- given him." "His crimes were committed under a misappre.

nension, re-coma imcia wail a sneer; "ne nes escaped summary death only to endure horrible torture. Muro will die of lockjaw ! Could you wish Satan hinitelf a worse death than slow star. vation ? " The horror of this revelation struck terror into my soul. Even if it were the visitation of HeaverSi for untequited guilt, still the consciousness of a sane man in the prime of life dying inch by inch made my flesh creep. For many hours the brigand had known his doom was sealed one way or the other, and yet he had the grit to endure pain and face death. Another proof that there are points' worthy of admiration even in what men would terra the "greatest scoundrel unhung." I stood aghast, wondering whether some demon had worked the oracle. Then, with the picture of Lucia gently leading hfuro to the corral, I! turned my back upon our "location." The lads joined me, glad to forsake a place so bound npi with disagreeable memories.

Now, the strangest phase of the climax war M'ark's refusal to eat of the provisions stored by Lucia in the clump; but the rest of us were not! troubled with the qualms of conscience. Possiblyi he thought of his narrow escape from death by poison. We risked it, suffering nothing in conse- quence, and so proving Lucia's fidelity in this instance.

Some days after, Mark sent me to reconnoitre the western slopes of the Sierra, and I selected a narrow couloir for my ascent, and, picking my way across a yawning hasm, debouched upon a glad's- where a few dun-headed sparrows alone cheered the solitude. Glad of this delightful ramble among the icy buttresses, I became too venturesome while Climbing the sides of a cliff, and ' for a moment. a giddiness seized me. But long experience had evidently acdustomed my fingers and muscles to involuntarily grip with great tenacity, and happily my eye soon became keen, my nerves braced, and I could laugh at the rumbling cljsris as it rolled down some fifty feet upon the hacked and torn gully beneath. Though my intellect was apparently dazed, physical instinct saved me, and seizing the beetling crags, I mounted to the summit and scanned the glorious landscape through my glass. Away to the south was a man moving slowly down the path from Mark's Peak towards the spot in the vicinity of the eagle's eyrie ; and away to the south-west, at the end of a cai:on, I saw smoke arising, probably from Lucia's camp. Then further north Was the Yosemite watershed, and down at the base of my mighty-stronghold, and near a frozen) creek, our own party. After satisfyinr, myself that we travelled the right track I descended to the plain, where Mark came out to greet me. "Sandy," said he, "I wish you would have a chat with my wife. The silly oirl, like the Indiana generally, believes in predestinaion. You remember their chemists claimed to see through opaque sub- stances and reveal the hidden mysteries of the. inviable."

"A lot o' bosh!" I exclaimed, disdainfully. "What they term deevmation we Scotchmen calf witchcraft. Kana's astrologers were ti,'inost defied; our witches were burnt. If Olive fcraterg sich strange notions the lads will say she comes o' an uncanny stQck." "Be that as it may, Olive declares her mind i* uneasy about Muro, and what is more singular, she' fancies Lucia Diaz is playing a subtle game." "Oot, yer wife is hysterical," said I lightly, "an', like women, she has jumped to conclusions. Still, I'll see her at since.' I did so, and as she described her visions I could only conclude that there must be transmission of thought through space, or a knowledge of distant events akin to the mental drama wherein creatures of the author's imagination live, act, and spaak a. though they actually existed. I tried to joke and laugh away her hallucinations, but Olive failed to appreciate my frivolity. ' "Naething will cure her o' this mental agita— tion," I urged to Mark, "but change o' scene an'

female society. Francisco."

We must press— on to Sart

"What's the good of that ? " he irritably responded, pacing up and down, while we smoked our pipes together. "I haven't a hundred dollars to set the law in motion for the restoration of my property. We are all on the same footing now— penniless! But I'm not the one to sit down and expect ravens to feed me; the age of miracles is past. Probably I shall morally improve under these adverse circumstances, but regeneration on an empty stomach is not a genuine test, for with good' feeding come evil desires." "I like yer rough-hewn philosophy, Mark. Those who hold up their hands wi' pious horror ken naethirg o' the temptations to which the rich are exposed." "Hulloal " cried he, shading his bright brown eyes with his hand, "here are two horsemen bearing towards us from the south."

The couple turned out to be Indians who were going across country to strike the Mono trail. In reply to our questions they told us how, after we left Stony Hollow, Muro had acquired ready speech, and under cover of the darkness had gone, none knew whither. They professed to know nothing concerning Lucia's n,o7etnents, and passed • On.

"Vastly queer!" I exclaimed, staggered at thil intelligence. "There's somethino- supernatural aboot Olive. Her people were great at magic." "This news is indeed stringe, " responded Mark. "Perhaps somebody is playing us a trick. Lucia evidently takes the palm for lying. I begin to think Muro was shamming. He is the very emperor of rogues and vagabonds. While he is at large we are liable any moment to attack." "Then what was the writing on the cross found by ye in my room ? " I blurted out with some spleen. "What was Lucia's confidence, that imme- diately transformed ye into sic a simpleton as t* lat Muria gang awa' scot, free ? " "You would make a good spring-heeled Jack,* he laughingly replied. "It always amuses me to see you fume and splutter. The only thing which brings you to your senses is a toothful of whiskey. I apologise for having none. But, seriously, old chap," he added, his face firm with determination, "a wise man never repeats his folly. We must sleep with one eye open, and keep our derringers primed. Nemesis has threatened to desolate and wreck my life, but some strange monitor tells me that truth will soon prevail, and I shall conquer!" Destiny was already foreshadowed, for the unravelling of a dastardly plot came speedily, and the climar was no little surprise to Mark and me. t

(To be concluded.)

WA.BRINGTON JUMPERS AT Sr. HELENS._

Thomas iowney and Tames Parker, both of War- rington, met at the Star Inn Grounds, St. Helens on Saturday afternoon in a jumping contest for £2O aside There was a good attendance. Mr. J. Parr acted as referee. Towney was favourite. The match consisted of a French single jump. Towney went on first, but his mark was beaten by Parker by two yards. Towney then tried again, but could only land another half yard to his previous jump, with the result that Parker was declared the win- ner. This is the winner's first jump in public, It expected he will be heard of further. DECORATION FOR. LOCAL VOLUNTEERS.

The number of medals received so far by Warring- ton Volunteers is 43. A further list of awards of the volunteer medal—the seventeenth since the institution of the decoration in 1894—is shortly to be:issued from the War Office, whence it has been ascertained that the number of medals awarded up to the present time throughout the service is 20,439 representing the same number of men who have given 20 years efficient service in the volunteer force. Of these 1,831 have been earned by volun- teers belonging to Lancashire corps,the grants hav- ing beenmade in varying numbers from 831 of the first award in January, 1895, to 22 in April, 1897, the most recent award, in October last, being 38. j

POR ACHES AND PAINS RUB IN Elliman's For Rheumatism, Lumbago, Elliman's ~ Sprains, Bruises, Fresh Elliman's Cuts, _ _ _

Elliman's ~ Sore 'throat from Cold, Elliman's Cold at the Chest'

Elliman's ,; Neuralgia from Cc; id, ~ Chilblains before Broken, RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. Elliman's „ Corns when Painful, Elliman's ~ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs Elliman's after Cycling, Football, Elliman's Rowing, ac.

Bottles 81d., is. 14d., 2.5. gd., 45. Prepared by Elfinial'. Sons&Co.,Slouglis

THE ELLIMAN PAINTING BOOK. Nine Coioured Hunting Scenes. Nine Black and White Copies to Colour. Send Stamps value of Sixpence. Write your Address Plain'''. Published by Elliman, Sons .fc Co" Slough. _

===== 0002601_18981230_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
EUSTANCE AND CO.'S GREAT WATCH, CLOCK, PLATE,

AND JEWELLERY SALE

43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
,e to -move end win.

SOLVERS' LIST Previous Problem Total

Beare. No. 12. Pts s Tavlin, Warrington,.. ..... -15 2 17 ej 11," Padgate, l4 2 16 S Albinson, SLockton Heathl4 2 16 E Donaghy, Padgate, l4 2 16 A Albinson, Lower Walton,l2 2 14 j Green, Warrington l2 2 14 w Itigbv. Warrington, l2 2 14 "E j P," Warrington l2 2 14 e c p," Warrington 10 2 12 p Wright, Warrington 10 2 12 D Plinston, Warrington 10 2 12 J W Plinston, Warrington,lo 2 12 . _ . _ . _ ..-

T Barnes, Sankey Briages7,lo 10 J Macy, St. Helens, 10 10 A W Lawson, Warrington, 8 8 " J A W," Warrington, W Taylor, Warrington, J R Grieve, Warrington, .„ 2 2 R Mercer, Padgat e 2 -- 2 J Boss, Penketli 2 2

GAME No. 16 " C 1305," (Prom The People's Draughts Bonk.) 11-15 (f)27-20 7-14 13— 6 11-23 (a)23-18 (g) 6-10 (A 6-22 25 23 19-15 (b) 8-11 28-24 (k) 2 6 6 2 11-14 (c)26-23 (8)12-16 23-17 5 9 2-11 (d) 4 8 (032-28 15-23 24-19 23-27 30-26 8-12 25-18 9-13 11-- 7 (011-14 22-17 (1)1-10 28-21 Drawn 24-19 10-15 17 13 3 7 15-24 17-10 1) —l5 23-18 (a) Forme the opening named by Anderson from the fact of white's first move being played across the path of black We do not recommend this game, as it allows black too much variety of attack. (8) Best, though r.,tything else at this point gives black an

equal game. (c) The more pomd Lr move here is 27-23, but if replied to by 4-8, 23-19, 13-14 it becomes tame. We consider the text move equally strong and more interesting, (d) Here 10-14 30-26. 7-10, 24-19. 15-24, 28-19, 12-16, 19-12, 11-16, 13-15, 10-19, 22-17, 6-10, 32 —2B. _.

4-8 makes a nice draw. (e) 15 19 runs into the " Dyke," and 9-13, 24-20. 15-19,23-16, 12-19,27-23, 8-12, 23-16, 12-19, 18-15 draws. (f) 2E-19, 11-16 is very weak, if not a loser. (g) Stronger than 7-12. 22-17, 12-16, &a drawn, (4) 10-15, 22-17, 15-32, 17-10, 7-14 25-10, 2-7, &c.. is very weak for black. (i) 24-19 would lose by 10-15 ,tc. (j) 24-19. 15- 24. 28-19, 11-15, Black wins. (k) 16-19, 23 7, 14-23, 21-17. 3-10, 17-13, drawn (1) 3 8, 18-19, 6-22, 21-17, 1— 6, 23-18, drawn

TRAPS FOR THE UNWARY. No. 14. The following trap is brought up from the Switeher game as follows :- 11-15 17-14 13-22 28-24 (a) 6 9 21-17 10-17 26-17 4 8 9-13 21-14 15-18 29-25 25-21 6-10 24-20 11-15 8-11 22-17 2 6 30-26 (a) Losing move forming position on diagram, , [BLACK.]

r7Z 7 , 7 -',. •,I .7 , z , e,' v , r , 0 , , , U- ~ ,/ 0 , , •, r•, ..,,, , , ,•, . ~ , ..,./ r - A .; , li ' 0 r , - ~ , 7 , 7 [WHLTE ]

===== 0002601_18981230_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTOII.

CHESHIRE'S NEW DEPUTY LIEUTENANT. The " London Gezette " of Friday night contains the following :—Commission signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County Palatine of Chester: Ralph Brocklebank. Esq., J,P., to be Deputy-Lieu- tenant, dated the 17th inst. A SERIOUS FALL.

Thomas Wateifield-,-;;-Ma.n residing in Catherine- street, was on Saturday night proceeding along the street, when he fell down and broke one of his legs. Ire was taken to the Infirmary, and is now progress- ing favourably. This is the only serious accident reported at the Infirmary during the week end.

CHURCH OF THE SACRED IIEART.-ANNUAL DANCE.

On Monday evening, a dance in connection with the above church was held in the Gymnasium, the proceeds of which were to go towards lessening the debt incurred in the building of the new schools at the back of the church. The gentlemen's commit-, tee consisting of Father Ryan, Messrs. Marshall Gibbins, Frain, Newton, Higgins, and others were chiefly responsible for the success of the ball. There were about 250 present, and a substantial sum will no doubt he realised. Dr. Liston, and Mr. John Gibbins officiated as M.G.'s, and Messrs. Barton's band played capital dance music. The decorations bad been most tastefully carried out by Mr and Mrs Marshall, and an able committee. Miss Bullian was at the head of a commiitee who were in charge of the refreshments. Dancing was kept up until 3 o'clock.

F".—SKIN RUGS Dressed Cleaned, and Lined For alterations of every description. B. Com:, Manufacturieg Furrier, 21 Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Es- tablished 24 years

===== 0002601_18981230_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• '

===== 0002601_18981230_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE E‘; NI/FINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3O, 1.898.

" CAPITAL " CHAT.

Mr. Henniker Heaton's Christmas linx to the British Empire—for it is Mr. Heaton who is univer- sally acclaimed as the author of the Imperial post- age scheme—is still, as he moqrnially admits, a little incomplete. Australasia, South Africa, and the West Indies are not include I in the new penny postal district. But Mr. Heaton, who is now the leading authority on this subject, confidently pre- dicts teat the whole of the empire will be admitted to the benefits of the penny rate within a few more days. He goes so far as to name Easter Mon- day as the probable date of complete inclusion. A point which is not likely to escape the vigilance of our French neighbours ie the refusal of the Post- master-General to bring Egypt within the Imperial postal district. If Mr. Heaton had had his way, the penny postage stamp would have served as the novel and delicate equivalent of a proclamation of British protectorate rights. There is a widespread, and probably well-founded, expectation that the name of the member for Canterbury will be found in the forthcoming list of New Year's Day distinc- tions.

I do not know what connoisseurs would regard as the value of the bequest of works of art and of jewellery which the deceased Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild has made to the British Museum, but it is one of the costliest which has ever been made to the nation. I have heard it said that it exceeds in value even the Wallace collection of pictures. The nation owes the donation probably to the fact that the Baron was a trus- tee of the Museum at the time of his death. As his official connection with that institu- tion has been very brief, his interest in it must have quickened rapidly,so far as its art and archaeo- logical departments were concerned. In these de- partments the Baron was a master of taste and knowledge, and he found in the Museum a new field for the exercise of both. He was on the friend- liest terms with the officers of the institution,many of whom were frequent recipients of his hospitality at Waddesdon, whose choice treasures they would doub`less survey with wonder and admiration. While the country has been pouring out its thou- sands of pounds for the Gordon College, the heroes who were wounded at Omdurman, and whom the Queen recently visited, are being already, or will shortly be. shunted out of the military hospitals to complete their cure under whatever conditions they can. Convalescent soldiers are generally moved on before they are ready for di,missal, in order to make room for other invalids worse than themselves. The poor convalescents go back to the poor homes from which they came, or to any poor acquaintance who can take them in,and to a certain extent live upon charity till they are either fit to return to the army or are dismissed from it altogether as no longer fit for service. Mr. Brad- rick gave a pledge last session that. the better treat- ment of convalescent soldiers should be taken in hand ; nothing has yet been done' and when the next session opens tile wounded of Omdurman will have been scattered abro ld in an uncured state among the slums or rural villages of the country. I understand that very strong action will be taken by way of pretest, and no better argument could be found than the treatment of General Kitchener's wounded, whose unwounded comrades were cheered to the echo not very many weeks ago. No fewer than six Acts of Parliament become fully operative on New Year's Day :—The Bene- fices Act, the Inebriates Act, the Prisons Act, the Solicitors (Ireland) Act, the Locomotives on High- ways Act, and the Vaccination Act. With regard to the last-named statute, one of its provisions— that dealing with the "conscientious objector " came into force on the passing of the Act (August 12), but the sections extending the period within which a child must be vaccinated from three to six months, directing the public vac&nator to visit the child's home when requested by the parent, and modifying the existing law in other respects with a view t 3 inducing more ready compliance with the statutory require- ment, and to mitigating the penalties for disobedience have no practical effect until January 1. Similarly, althoughit has been competent since August 2 for county and borough councils to frame bye-laws under the Locomotives Act, another week has yet to elapse before the enactment itself will come into operation. The Benefices Act, the In- ebriates Act, and the Prisons Act attracted so much attention while passing through the House of Com- mons that their purport is tolerably well known. The same cannot be said, however, of the Solicitors (Ireland) Act, a useful measure introduced by Ser- geant Hemphill in association with Mr. Maurice Healy and Mr. Carson with the object of extending to solicitors in Ireland certain privileges to which solicitors in England have long had a statutory right.

The Ivetigh bequest to the Jenner Institute will give an extraordinary impulse to original research. So handsome is the amount that the Institute can now enter upon the most extensive and patient bacteriological investigations. The result may, to some extent, redeem our national reputation,which is a long way behind the status of the Conti- nent in this region of scientific inquiry. The Institute has been hitherto very imperfectly provided with scientific apparatus,and it is rather strange that countries which envy the enormous wealth of England are so conspicuously ahead of us in everything that relates to the higher scientific progress. I hear that Dr. Nansen has almost completed the preparation of the scientific results of his journey across the Polar area. Since he finished his round of lectures in Europe and America Dr. Nansen has devoted the whole of his time to working out and preparing for publication the scientific data accu- mulated during the voyage of the Pram and on the sledge journey with Johansen. A large number of distinguished specialists have collaborated with Dr. Nansen, and it is anticipated that the publication will run to several volumes in small quarto. Such a work cannot,of course, be published as a commer- cial speculation, and I understand that the cost of its production will be borne by the " Nansen Fund for the Advancement of Science." which was largely subscribed on the return of the expedition, as a , permanent memorial of the Fram's memorable journey. As was the case with our own Challenger publications, copies will be presented to all the principal scientific societies and institutions in the civilised world. It is a tribute to the growing im- portance of English as a world language that Dr. Nansen has selected English as the medium for conveying the scientific results of his expedition to the scientific world.

Since the occasion when Sir William Harcourt denounced a letter as a forgery •in tthe House of Commons several newspapers have persistently re- frained from printing letters bearing the right hon. gentleman's signature until they have obtained his authority. The practice has its inconveniences and also its embarrassments. People have not yet for- gotten Mr. Chamberlain's annoyance when a scrupulous Press agent sent him a telegram ask- ing whether he was really the author of a particu- larly foolish attack which he had just made on Lord Rosebery. The reply was a curt "Quite authentic." Perhaps the most celebrated of the forged letters in Sir William Harcourt's name was the one in which, two or three years ago, he was made to describe Lord Rosebery as "an amiable nobleman.' The bait in that instance was too transparent for many of the newspapers, and the letter was published in only a few. Sir William was again the victim of a forgery in the course of a subsequent and somewhat heated correspondence with Mr. Chamberlain. Then confusion was worse confounded by the fact that genuine letters were mingled with the fictitious. If the ingenious cul- prit is detected, it may go bard with him. Re will have no mercy from the Press.

An inquest was held on Saturday at Penmaenmawr on the bodies ot the two men killed on the previous day by the pre- mature explosion of a charge of gelignite which was being rammed home. Dr. le Nave Foster, her Majesty's Inspector of Mines, called attention to the dangerous character of gelignite, and to the frequency of accidents arising from its flee; and the jury, in returni., g a verdict of accidental death, urged the Home Office to institute an inquiry into the suitability of the explosives in question for quarrying operations.

CARTER'S LITTLE

ITIFUL TEETH ..no use daily on the teeth brush a few drone ot SOZODONT,

pleasantest dentifrice In the world.

Cleanses the teeth and spaces 13i1c, between them as nothing else Safi:ow Complexion, and will. Sound and pearly white Sick Headaches promptly: teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant and cure them so as to st..y , breath ensured. Owed. Chemists, is. 1.: for SOZOWNT. 25. COP•

LIVER PILLS. ICZ3=, •_ small pin. BEAUTIF' •Syr,ff• Dose. for all who 'CARTER Sinhil Price. .?4. !nu Arty in a EVER vial. lL PurlVVege- the r Aiti• • table. Cure Torpid Liver, - •

===== 0002601_18981230_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

There have been 108 deaths from plague, all at Tamatave, since the outbreak in Madagascar. An elderly married woman named Davis Was burned to death at Kettering on Saturtay night. The two or three hundred soldiers who were believed to have perished in the terrifie snowstorm in Monteue4ro have reach sd their destination in safety. The man Pearson, who committed the outrage at the British Embassy at Washington. has escaped from the lunatic asylum to which he had been sent. Two men were drowned on Monday while " larking" on the quay at Gateshead-on-Tyne. and a third, who tried to recover the bodies, had a narrow es3ape. The official residence in Washin4ton of the Chilian Minis- ter has been burned to the ground. The Minister's wife narrowly escaped perishing in the fl ernes. At Serogton, Derbyshire. on Saturday, two farmers, named Beck and Tipper, were rabbiting when the latter was killed by the accidental discharge of the former's gun. The Pope was on Suaday the recipient of a aunnerously signed address on parchment and a sum of 50,010 francs pre- sented by a number of ladies from New Yotk. Henry Spurrier. a private in the Royal Marines, was re- manded at Fareham, on Monday, on a charge of fatally stabbing Private James Whatmore, of Ihe same corps. The Swedish expedition under Dr. J. Stalling, which has been conducting a search in Northern diberia for traces of Herr Andrea, has just returned to Stockholm. The search was fruitless. A train from Ashford to Hastings collided on Monday morning with a light enema near Appledore, Kent, and eighteen persons were injured, two of them having their legs broken. A gas explosion occurred on Monday in the dressing-room of the Olympic Theatre, Wych-street, Strand. London, and Harold Haymer was so seriously injur,d that he had to be conveyed to hospital. At btechford Station on Wednesday, a ticket collector, in advancing along the platform to an in-coming trains, slipped on apiece of orange peel and fell in front of the train, being shockingly injured and killed. Sarah Jane Bainbridge and Elizabeth Armstrong, domestic servants, were remanded at Newcastle one Wednesday. on a charge of haying set fire to their employer's house and ad- ministered food containing poison to their mistress. . . _ . _

Frederick Wild, of 5, 1-Folt-Btreet. Stockport, met with a shoeking death on Tuesday at the factory of Messrs. Battersby and Ca., in that town. He was caught in tin maehinery and terribly mangled, one arm being torn oft.

John George Turner is under remand at Manchester on a charge of causing the death of Samuel Brown, living in Charlton on-dledlock, whom he is alleg d to have stabbed with a poniard in the region of the heart during a quarrel. At the North London Police Court en Tuesday, Zhigmmd Lobovitz and Isaac Stullock ware each lined 2L9a, or three months' imprisonment, for being found on the premises 93, Lewin-road, Stoke Newington. while an Illicit still was being worked.

A deaf mute named 111atthew O'llara was found dead in a neighbour's house at S.ockton-on-Tees on Sunday morning. Ile was left helplessly drunk on a couch on Christmas Rye, and must have fallen face downwards on the Itior and been suffocated.

According to " Kemp' Mercantile Gazette." the number of fahures in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending December 24th, was If. The number in the corres- ponding week of last year was 70 showing an increase of 2 being a net increase in 1893, to dat 1, of 201.

An hotel and several houses in the town of Airolo. situated at one end of the Gothard runnel, hive been destroyed by a landslip from that part of the Gothard Mountain known as the Red Rock. At least four persons have been killed. The St. Oothard Railway sustained no damage. A collision took place on Sunday morning off Whitby be tween the steamer Parborne and the schooner Racer, of In verness, the latter sinking in three minutes. The crew had a narrow escape, having only time to clamber on board the steamer before their vessel disappeared.

The death sentence recently passed at Derby Assizes on Ruth Jane Talbot for performing an illegal operation which resulted fatally, has been commuted to twelve years penal servitude, with an intimation that if prisoner's behaviour is good she will be released in eight years. A Norwich cabinetmaker named Albert Cox fired on Satur- day night at a waitress to whom he had been paying his attentions, and also at the proprietor of an eating house and his son. None or ahe shots did damage, but Cox immediately turned the weapon on himself with fatal effect. A widow named Ann Beech /It, died In the St. Helens Hospital franc burns sustained on November 17. Arm Harley, a widow, died in the Leigh Workhouse Hospital, on Monday, from burns sustained in her own house on Christ- mas morning owing to the explosion of a paraffin lamp. Tho Bridlington Guardians had before them on Saturday a letter from the solicitors of the Hon. Mrs. Monson, declining to pay £1 per week towards the maintenance of Mrs. Monson her daughter-in-law, the wire of Monson of Ardlamont noto- riety. She offered 7s. 61. per woek. The matter was ad- journed. The inhabitants of the Bemiiiis, a group of islets belonging to the Bahamas, are threatened with extermination by famine, their crops and storehouses having been destroyed by severe storms, in which many people lost their lives. Some of the famine stricken islanders have alresdy died of starvation.

A shocking fatality is reported from Cookstown, county Tyrone. A pubic house belonging to two sisters, Maria and Lizzie fil'aurk, in a mountainous district, caught fire, and the elder sister returned to the hopse to recover a large sum of money, tier sister foilowed,and the roof fell in upon them both being burnt to death. The tug Great Western, owned by Messrs Jolliffe, was run into early on Tuesday morning, off the Prince's Landing Stage. by the City of Dublin Steampacket Comoany's steamer Louth and sank within an hour. All the is suds on board the tug menaced to escape. The Louth sustained con- siderable damage to her bows. The trial of Madame Paulmier. who fired a revolver at M 011ivier, the editor of the Llnterne, last September, on account of an article which reflened upon herself arid her husband, took place before the Paris Assize Court on Mon- day. The lady was acquitted, but was ordered to pay 5,003 francs damages to M, 011ivier, who intervened as civil plaintiff.

A painful scene occurred at Grimsby on Saturday during the progress of the League match between Grimsby and Gainsborough. One of the spectators, Fred Belton, a fire- man, residing in the town, was observed to fall back unconscious, and he expired almost immediately. It is supposed that the cause of death was syncope, produced by excitement.

Mr. Henry Mandy Simmone has issued a writ against the Duke of Devonshire claiming £lO.OOO damages in respect of alleged loss of the sea view of the Alexandra Hotel and other houses in Mostyn-terrace, on the sea front at TCastbourae. The claim arises out of the erection of the William Terries Memorial Lifeboat Houvi, for which the Duke of Devonshire gave a site.

An extraordinary incident occurred at St. [James's Palace on Sunday night, when a man got past the guard, and only stopped when threatened with a loaded rifle. He declared that he wanted to see the Prince of Wales, for whom he had a letter from Jesus Christ. It was only after a severe strug- gle that eight policemen succeeded in getting him into an ambulance waggon.

A terrible tragedy has been discovered at Criccieth. For about a week nothing had been seen of a man named William Williams, or of his wife and two children, and one constable breaking into Williams's house, the whole family were found to have been ahet dead, Williams had a revolver in his hand, an it is supposed that he had murdered his wife and child' ren, and then put an end to himself. Two men quarrelled in a bedroom of a Birmingham lodging house on Saturday night, the altercation continuing for some time in the dark. Subsequently one of the pair was found lying dead on the floor. Ildward Gulch, rag and bone gatherer, was arrested on a charge of osusing his death. He stated he struck the deceased in self defence. No marks of violence are visible on the bxly of the deceased, who remains unidentified.

A miss on the one pert and a missfire on the other. and, of course, injury to neither. was the outcome of the first of the duels at Buda-Pesth on Wednesday morning, the com- batants being Biron Fejarvary, Minister of Public Defence, sad Count liarolyi. A duel with swords took place at noon between M. Ciajari and M. Szemere. In each of the first two bouts the latter was wounded in the head, and the seconds then decided that honour was satisfied.

An inquest was held ley the Monmouthshire coroner on Tuesday on some bones found at Langstone limekilns, near Newport. The deceased had evidently gone to the kilns for warmth during the night,andbeen overcome by the sulphur- ous fumes, and absolutely cremated, only a portion of the skull and part of the thigh-bone being recovered. The doctor was unable to determine the sex of the victim. This is the fifth death which has occurred at these kilns.

Fire broke oat on Monday morning in the dwelling-house, 20, Abram-street. Netherfleld-road, Liverpool, and an elderly woman named Mary Ann Burnside suciumlaed to Buff °cation and shock. Police Constable Christian bravely dashed in through the smoke and flames, and, doubtless assuming that she was still alive, handed her body to some persons through a window. , While endeavouring to re-enter the house he WAS overcome, and fell from the window to the street, a distance of twelve feet, injuring his shoulder and finger. _

On Wednesday night, Benjamin Dobson, aged sixty-eight, one of the North-Eastern Railway Company's oldest em- ployees, and latterly traffic manager at Tebay Juuetion, was killed at Tebay Junction. It is supposed that the deceased was standing en the footboard of a moving train, when, in attempting to alight, he lost his balance and fell down ths space between the station platform and the train. Several coaches passed over him, completely severing one arm and one leg from the body. He died shortly afterwards. - • -

Yet another Instance of the danger attaching to the use of the common paraffin oil lamp was givea on Saturday night In Loierpool. A married woman, named Mary Alice Capstick, living with her husband in Poplar street. Eve rton. attempted to handle a lighted oil lamp when it fell to the ground and exploded. The burning oil instantly fired the woman's garments, and ere George Loadbetter, the tenant- of the house, attracted by her screams, came to her- assistance, she was fearfully burned about the face and body. The woman was speedily removed to the Stanley Hospital, where she died on Sunday evening,

Early on Wednesday morning, a fire, resulting in three children, aged respectively ten, seven, and five. being burnt to death, occurred at Heighington, near Lincoln. Two houses were burnt down, the fire originating in that occupied by Mrs. Hammond, a widow. Upon her discovering the outbreak, she at once awakened her five children aud told them total:ow her, but, unfortunately, two became terrified and stayed behind. As the fire did not seem serious, the eldest boy, aged ten years, was sent back to fetch them whilst, the mother raised an alarm. But the house was largely hunt of wood, and soon was like a furnace. When the corpses were discovered, the youngest boy, five years of age, was found roasted to a cinder, and the eldest boy was found near the window, with his sister clasped tightly in his arms.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
GRATEFUL-COM FORTI NG.

OCOA

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

CHRISTMAS FOOTBALL AT WARRINGTON.

The Warrington Cluh has had a rather busy time dariag the C3ristmas holidays, but only °tie of the matches was in connection wish the league com- petition 93 that the interest aroused vvas not so keen as otherwise w)uld have been the case. SATURDAY'S FRIENDLY M ITCH.

The attridance at the match on Sithrday wh,n Birkenhead Wanderers an-r 3 entertained on toe Wilders- pool enclosure showed a rharke 1 falling off, due to it oein,g a more " friendly " encouuter. There would not be more than 2000 spect dors present when the follow- in tems faeed each other : _ _

W.RRINGTON : Hallarn, beer ; Harris, Isherwood, Helcroft and Fish, three-quarters; Bate and Duekworth, half-backs; Eden, Fairhurst, Swift, Naylor,Jolley, Board- man, Scholtze, Su ilow, forwards. BIRKENHEAD WANDERERS: Dillon, back; Pumford, Davies, Lewis and Minseell, three-quarters ; Webb and Gold;on, half-backs ; Mur.siiy, Griffifts, Glover, Fallon, Harris, McGowan, Cook, Toole. forwards. The teams turned out five minutes late. Swift kicked off for the HMIs team aetinst a slight wind. By smart following up, Dillon was fiord in the visitors 25 before he could part with the bill. After some open play, Harris was smartly collared by Minstahll when near the visitors' lines. Fish next made a good attempt to get over, and play continued in the visitors' territory for some time. A break away by the Waederers' forwards gay them their first foothold in the home quarters, but a passing movement taken part in by Duckworth, Ho!- croft, and Fish transferred play. Another round of pass- ing by Duckworth, Bate, Isherwood, and Harris resulted in the latter scoring a try. Flolcreft failed at the place kick. Immediately after the kick out Isherwood dis- tinguished himself by a dashing run, and scored the second try foa Warrington. The same player kicked a goal. The home team were now having the best of the game, the visitors being distinctly outclassed. GAtlng possession from a scrumm tge,Bate outwitted his oppon- ents, and after a fine run he transferred to Holcroft, and that player to Fish, who put the fiaisleing touch to a splendid piece of work by scoring a try. Holeroft again failed to kick a goal. Renewing tim pressure Harris was almost over. A mistake by Isherwood enabled the Wanderers to get in Warrington territory, and Fish touched down. A penalty kick for offside play being given to the visitors, Lewis was entrusted with the kick, and placed a magnificent goal. Shortly after- wards Isherwood kicked a penalty goal fer the home team, the score at half-time being : Warrington, two goals, three tries (13 points) ; Birkenhead Wanderers, one goal (two points). The visitors restarted,but the home team immediately took up the attack. In the first minute a round of pass- ing enabled Harris to ramp over the line in fine style. Hallam was entrusted with tbe kick on this Occasion and placed a firm goal. The home team continued to have the b at of play and at this stage were playing a good corneination game. Bate led up his team to the attack again, and initiated a passing movement which was teken up by Isherwood and Harris, the latter scor- ing his third try in the match after a speedy run. Isher- wood took the goal kick but failed to place the oval be- tween the uprights. Despite these reverses the visitors plucked up heart, and stayed further scoring by playing five throe-quarters. Warrington followed their example and added Fairherst to the threevarter line. Toe played of the home team now toned down considerably, and the visitors were not slow to take advantege of it. A forward rush by their forwards took play to the War- rington 25, and the ball getting in the open a bout of passing enlkled one of the forwards to score an unim- proved try. Fairhurst was next prominent with a strong run and Isherwood getting possession almost got over. The remaining play went in favour of the home team, the visitors rarely having a chaece. Harris tstok a huge punt and placed the ball over the cross bar. Isher- wood again looked dangerous with a good dribble but he had the misfortune to overrun the ball and ths ven- ture came to nothing. 'rue score was unaltered when the whistle sounded for time, a,ed the result of a one- sided game was :—Warrington three goals, five tries (21 points), Birkenhead Wanderers, one goal one try (five points).

MONDAY'S MATCII. RUNCORN WIN BY A GOAL KICK.

One of tee moot interesting and exciting *matches which have taken place on the Wilderspoel enclosure tug season was that played on Boxing Deg when the visitors were Runcorn. This is the third Cheshire club which Warrineten has met in succersion, following quickly on Wrkenhead Wanderers and Scoekport. It will be remem yored that Warrington succeeded in beat- ing Stockport by two points, but on Monday it was ex- actly by tee sum number of points that Runcern gained a victory ever the horns team after a stubeorn contest. Cenoiderable interest WAS manifested in the matce, and when operations were commenced there were quite eight thousand spectators preseet. The rains which had fallen during the earlier part of the day had made the ground somewhat sodden, and the slippery nature of the ball prevented accurate play. Ceeers went up for the re- spective teams as they entered the enclosure. The players were as follows : Warringroa : Hallam, back ; Harris, Isherwood, Hol- croft and Fish, three-quarters ; Bate and Ashurst, half- backs ; Naylor, Fairhurst, Elan, Jolley, Boardman, Sud- low, Scholtzo, and Swift, forwards. Runcorn: Houghton, back ; Jones, Butterworth, Warder, and Wilkinson, three-qusrters ; Faulkner and Jolley, ha f backs ; Walker, Farmer, Lightfoot, Bottley, Tomlinson, Garter, Derlington and Reece forwards. Faulkner kicked off and Sudlow made his mark. A dangerous'ensti by;the Runcorn forwards was stopped by Isherwood. From the scrummage Bate got posses- sion, and kicked to Houghton, who returned with in- terest, Naylor saving. The visitors continued to press and Butterworth made an ineffectual drop at goal. Several exciting scrummages took place in the Warring- ton 25, hut by consistent heeline out the home team reached Runcorn territory. Isherwood made a fine dash away, and when tackled dribbled into near the Runcorn lines. Holcroft failed to take advantage of a good open- ing. Play continued to be of an exciting nature, chiefly in the Runcorn 25. E ten made his mark, arid a Run- corn forward mulling the ball Fish made a dash for the line, but was grounded war the corner flag. Isher- wood dropped at goal, and Eden rushing up grounded the ball but was ruled off-side, a deci- sion which did not give general satisfaction. The visitors were again called upon to defend their line, but Houghton made a useful mark which temnorarily stopped the pressure. Warrington had a free kick and aallam made a good attempt to lower the Runcorn goal, but without success. A bad kick by a visiting back give Warringten anottrr opening but they were too slow to follow up, and play was taken to half way. Hallam was conspicuous with good play which re- covered the lost ground. Play settled in the Runcorn quarters for some time, the Warrington men making desperate attempts to score but the viaitors defended superbly, effectually checking every effort to get over. Houghton with a dodgy run down the wing turned the tide of the game, Bate responding for Warrington. Play settled in the centre of the field for some time and when the whistle sounded for half time neither side had scored. On the restart Runcorn gained ground with a free kick, A 'eferward rush by the Warrington men was checked by the visitors who in their turn pressed, the ball being taken to the Warringten end. Houghton attempted a shot an goal from a mark but he distinctly failed. Clever work by Faulkner, Jolley, Butterworth, and Warder gave the home team trouble, and Fish was Obliged to kick dead Fine passine movements by the Runcorn men were witnessed, and Warrington was !clot on the defensive. The tackling was sure, and Jones was hauled down when he looked almost certain to score. Warrington forced the ball back to Runcorn territory, and Bate got away finely but he was badly supported and the effort came to nothing. Runcorn renewed the attack, faulty passing robbing them of an opening near the line. Jones kicked near the War- rington goal mnuth and an exciting twee) took place. The homesters had had their opportunities in the first half and the relapse now took place, Warrington having the utmost difficulty in keeping the visitors out. Teat Runcorn would now score seemed inevitable and so it proved ; Warder crossing the line at full gallop. Farmer was entrusted with the place kick and added two more points. This seemed to nerve the home team who forced play into their opponents' quarters in a resistlege manner, and a little later Fish got over,but was brought back for an informality and a scrummaee took place. , Harris got possession from a pass by Isherwood and ' scored amid d'afeainz cheers. The shot for I goal by Holcroft fell a trifle short. Run- corn had the best of some exchange kick- ing. Holeraft contributed a fine run but his career was checked by Houghton. The Warrington men missed many opportunities through not being able to gather the ball, whilst the visitors. an the other hand did not seem to experience any difficulty although the leather was greasy. The homesters were still pressing when time arrived the Result being Runcornl goal 1 try (5 points), Warring,ten 1 try (3 points).

P AINSTAKIN G PRINTERS' are now- days sought for by business men who study re economy in announCements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets kc. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST sTRIKIN4 MAvimoTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the County MAMMOTH POSTERS. WINDOW BILLS. PLACARDS, &a! JOHN WALKER AND CO., BEWSEY STREBI WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18981230_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS AT WARRING- TON.

One could not say win any degree of truth that the weather for the few days previous to Christmas Day were at all suggestive of the season. The say- ing" This is the festive season ! Let us rejoice !" seems incongruous when it is damp sad deoressing, but at the eleventh nour so to speak, just the slightest tonna of frost marked Ghe advent of Christ- mas eve. But even to the insular Englishman—con- sidered t be, ahove all things, matter of fact and void of sentiment—Clristmas time without frost loses its chief charm and characteristic fea- ture. Christmas in Warrington has been a time of general contentment, as for a con- siderable period business or trade—whichever term is most favoured by the reader—has enjoyed a course of uninterrupted smoothness. The towns- people have been well catered for in the way of amusements, and the theatre, circus an I concert hall have all rea,al 43)1 harvests. Thl fo3tball field has had some excellent' gates" and ashisual in the 4pantomitne season, Warrington folk have visited aanctiester and Liverpool in large numbers. It is a matter of satisfaction also that those who overindulge .n alcoholic refreshment at such times have been good tempered and well behave I. The fine weather which ushered in Christmas did not last for on Bank Holiday rain fall rather has vily in the morning. On Tuesday night a total eclipsej of the moonwast be observed between 8-35 p .m.,and 2-491a.m. The eclipse was not of an intense nature as at its greatest the moon remained as plainly visible as when she is looked at through :a glass rather thickly smoked, and even thelvoleanic markings could be easily distinguished. THE WORKHOUSE. _ _

Oa Christmas Eve,the children at this institution gave their annual entertainment in the schoolroom. There were the present Mayor and Mayoress, (Alderman and Mrs. Wright) the Ladies' V,siting Committee and lady visitors, Dr. and Mrs. Braide,Mr and Mrs. Brierley, and Rev. H. V. Pigot (chaplain). The programme was made up of songs, recitations, etc., and was nicely gone through by the children, who are taught by Miss Ward. Several of the children were dressed in bright colours to represent flowers, and this together with the Christmas decorations, plants, pictures, etc. made the room look very pleasant. After the concert the Chairman thanked the ladies and gentlemen who had came at this season at great inconvenience, especially the Mayor and Mayoress, who wile all the (demands noon their time still found opportunity to cmcne and see the children. Christmas Day was kope up at the Workhouse on Mon- day, the chief feature of the day being the dinner which had been provided for the inmates on a lib3ral scale. The fare was roast beef and mashed potatoes with gravy and bread, plum iaudding, beer for those who wished it, or coffee, milk, soda-water, lemonade, and fruit and tobacco were given in the afternoon. Dinner had first been served to those in hospital, about 108 in number, male and feneVe, and there were about 230 gathered together in the Dining Hall for th 3 dinner. Am mght those who were present during the proceedings were Mr Gorge Pilling (chairman), Mr A J Jllle7 chairman), Mrs Clay, Mr J T Ashcroft, Mr William Ilickman,Mr T Malkin, Mr H Thornton,Rev W H Drum- mond, Mr II Hitobert, Councillor A Jolley (guardian), Alderman Hutchinson, Mr and Mrs W Roberts, Mrs and the Misses Isaac, MISS Hickman, Mrs and Miss Watkins, Mrs Gilbert, Rev H V Pigot (chaplain), and : Mrs Pigot, Mr and Mrs Ward (master and matron), Miss %Nara (school mistress), Mr and Mrs Wright (superintendent and matron of Pad- gate Industrial Solo ls). and Mr B ShParer (relieving officer.) Dinner over, tee Master (Mr. Ward). read out a list of gifts and called far cheers for the Gaardians who bad provided their dinner, and for absent and pre- sent frienes who always remembered them especially at the Christmas season. Toe following is a list of the ladies and gentlemen who were kind enough to help them this year. Evergreens supplied by Mr. F. M onks, Walton Old Hell; Mr. J. Cro:sfiel I, Walton Lea ; Mrs. Broadbent, The 'Tellies, Latchford •, Mr. J. C larlton 'Parr, Grappenhall Heyes •, and Mr. F. H. Lyons, Apple- ton Hall. The Mayor of Warrington (Alderman Wright) had promised a gift of tobacco for New Year, as the Guardians had provided it for Ceristmas. Toys for the school from the Mayoress, s Teets, nets, and oranges for the children from Miss Lythgoe, Sankey-street, and Mrs Nixon, Lat ;blond. Some b ooks and papers sent by Miss Hesketh, Museera-street. There were also several well-known ladies who did not wish 'en be mentioned by name to whom thanks were due for their continued kindness to the inmates during tee past year. Mrs. Brundrett, Church-street had made a present of stout, weich woeld be distributed on another day. Thanks were due to the Guardi as for the dianer,and for also provid- ing apples, oranges, snuff Ana tobaceo,coff e,so de water and lemonade.—Mr. Ward said thanks we-e duet) the Mayor and Mayoress for v siting* them the other day ; and they had to thank the other ladies and gentlemen who had given them the honour of their presence that morning and to the offieers of the institutioe who had assisted' !nest cheerfully to prepare and serve dinner. He then called upon the inmates to show their apprecia- tion with cheers, which were accorded in a hearty manner.

Mr. Pituso said he was sorry the Mayor and Mayor- ess were not able to b , am mgst them that day, but he had sent word he would b 3 present some other day. He (Mr. Pilling) thought they could not do lees than return their thanks to those ladies and gentlem-n who had made presents to the institution and to the officials for the large amount of work they had had in getting up the dinner. He was very pleased to hear Mr. Ward say they had been very willing. He then wished them all a Merry Christmas ant a Happy and Bright New Year. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY sail all ought to be very grateful to the officers for getting ready such a splendid dinner that day. It meant a good deal of work. They had heard from the Master that the labour was very cheerfully given by all. He extended a welcome to all those in the institution. Sometimea they might not all agree, and troubles arose but he hoped they would all remember they had no other object than to make everybody happy. (Cheers.) The Rev. H. V. PIGOT said he must take the opportu- nity for the Bth time of wishing them all a Merry Christ- mas and a Happy New Year. He was sorry to say it would be the last time he would be present as chaplain of the institution. They knew it was a very anxious time for the Master and Matron and other officials and he asked them to be of good behaviour. They wanted them to have a merry and happy time wPhout breaking the rules or causing any disturbance or anxiety. The Rev. W. -H. DRUMMOND said he hoped they would have a merry and happy Christmas season, and that the New Year would bring them happiness. He would like to feel that to some of them it would bring the happiness of no longer being there. There were some of the younger men who might yet make another try in the I world, bef ore they got old. He would like as one of the Guardians to mention the kindly services of their I chaplain who was going away from them. They were I all glad he was not going so far that he would not be able to see thein again. Mr. Pigot had been chaplain there for a long time and no man could fulfil that posi- tion without doing a great amount of good. The inmates then gave their chaplain three hearty cheers. Mr. W. HICKMAN' sail it was the fourth time be had had the import inity of inflicting a speech upon them. He hoped there would he no bad temper between them that day. He was nleassd to see them all looking so bright and well, and concluded by wishing them a very happy Christmas.

_ The rest of the day was spent in a happy manner by the inmates. During the afternom the inmates were supplied with fruit and t)hacco. Tea was served at 3-30, and when the dining hall had been cleared a smok- ing concert was hsld.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A BUSY TIME AT THE POST OFFICE.

Christmas always entails additional work at the Post Office, but this year the pressure of work was unpre- cedented, and it speaks volumes for the tact and re- sourcefulness of the officials when we Say that it was carrel thro teh without delay or mistakes. Ordinarily about 200,000 missives pass through the Warrington Post Office in the coarse of A week, but during Christ- mas week this number w is increased ten-fold that is to ear about 2,003,000 were dealt with. Be- sld's those there was a great increase in the parcel post work, and it is cornnuted that about 20,000 parcels wors despatched. This is far in excess of any previous year and creates a record for the Warrington Post Offi-e. The most careful arrange- I mints had been made to successfully cope with the work, and in no detail did any hit la occur. A number of clerks from various places of business in the town woo engaged for the simoler work, and they performed their duties in a very satisfactory manner. Friday night was the heaviest night for despatch, the public having, to a larger extent than usual, acceded to the request of the P istmaater to post early. The delivery in the town on Christmas Day was very effectively carried out. In the country districts, where usually there is no Sunday delivery, special arrangements had been made, and letters were delivered as in the town, Six collections from the boxes in the town suffice for an ordinary day but hourly collections were made on Friday and Satur- day. The walks were diyidecl,and horses and carte were employed conveying letters and parcels to and from the Post Office. Additional work Naas also dealt with in consequence of the post bags from the Atlantic liners -being sent on to tVarrington by the low level line, and transferred. No 1;•ss than 100 sacks were dealt with. At the Post Office the scene on Friday and Saturday was of the liveliest description. The usual sorting room was found to be quite inadequa`e for the number engaged at the work, and a room in the basement had to be fitted up and used as an extra s -rting room. So great was the despatch that it was found necessary to engage ex,ra vehicles to take the bags to Manchester both an Friday and Saturday nights. Nearly 4,500 parcels were taken on the two nights, and as it was impossible for these to be conveyed by the mail coach, special con- veyances were engaged, and despatched specially to Manchester. The arrangements were capably directed by Mr. Viney, the Postmaster, assisted by the Chief Clerk, Mr. Broadhurst. The whole staff worked

zsalcrisly and chserfullv for lonz hours at a spell. When the great strain of work was over the men were regaled with a substanti,l meal at the net OEle on Christmas Eve, and on Cnr.strnls Day. DISTRIBUTION Al' TEE DRILL HILL.

_ . On C iristmas thy hot-po`, and mince pies were die. tributed at the Drill Hill between eleven and twelve to about a thousand p3ople. The tickets hid bee issued by Mr. Henry Taylor, police court missionary, and the clergymen and ministers of th 3 town. Tie food was supplied at the Drill dill, and tak In away or consump- tion. A number of newsnoys who put in an appearance wer3 given a good dinner. The food which remained when the wants of all had been supplied was distributed at the Town Hall on Mondiy. Among those present at the Drill Hall were the Miyor and Msyoress, Mr. J. L. Whittle (town clerk), Mr. Longdin (bort33,sh surveyor), Mr. Stanley W. 1530, Mr. ancry Tiylor (police court missionary), Mr. J. T. Ashcroft, Mrs. Forshew, Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Richer lson. and Miss Tease. TREA T TO INFIRMIRY PATIENTS. _ _ .

On Saturday evening the children patients at the In. firmary, numbering eighteen, had their annual Christ. mas tree and party. All the wards in the institution were prettily d scorated by tile U111'303, all ir.tde as cheerf al looking as passible. The tree was sent by Mrs. J. C. Parr, of Grappenhaq, and was ladea with a large assortment of toys, &. The tea was greatly enjoyed by the children, and a pleasant time was afterwards spent. Presents were sent by Mrs. Crosfield, Waltnn Lea, Mrs. Monks, Miss Pierpoint, Miss Crampton ; Miss V. Whittle Miss Ida Silcock, the Rev. Father Whittie, Rw. J. P. Whittle, Messrs. Milling aid Co., Mr. Birch, Acton Grange, and Mr. Robert Dandy, Riszon. The gifts were distributed arnancst the children. Daring the evening the Rev. Father Whittle,Dr. and Miss Bowden,the Misses Smethurst, and Miss Mu, visited he Infirmary. On Suadty the patiervs had their usual Christaits dinner, aid all seemed to thorna:Valv enjoy it. St. Paul's church choir boys, with tie Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Pigot and family, pail a visit during the afternoon, and tne choir boys sang carols. ORFORD BARRACKS.

An effort is always made each year at Christmas to make the time at the Barracks one of pleasantness, and this year the season has b-eo kept up by the troops of both depots in god old English fashion. On Sunday morning after ch arch para. le abDtv, 25) non-commis- sioned officers and men sat do •.vra to a splendid repast m vie up of turkeys, geese, ducks, barn, pork, roast beg, veget ibles, and plum puddaig. The tables, which were well set out, were laden with mince pies, jellies, fruit, nuts, and assorted sweetmeats. The depot of the South Lancashire Regiment had four rooms specially decorated, and great credit is die to these who assisted, for toe taste and neatness thee displayed. The depot of the King's Liverpool Riginnent had two rooms deco- rake d—one room for A and B companies and room for C and D companies. That all had spent much time and patience over their task of decerating was plainly visible. In the room of the C and D companies the walls were arranged with the honours of the regiment, the gas pipes being gorgeously arrayed with a wonderful ceiling d coration called " mushrooms," which must have cost no end of time and trouh!e. E7ergreens,roses, mottoes, lanterns of diff ,rent makes and patterns, hang- ing from superb carved designs from the ceiling, made a beautiful effect. The whale was a sight worth seeing, and prove i tact either in war or peac a s Mier comes always to the front. The usual feitivities and dancing were indulged in on the Monday. HRIST CHURCH INFAN IS SCHOM LATCHFORD.

The children of this school were gTiv-en a special treat, in the form of a Christm Is tree on Friday. The toys. sarects, Sze., with which the tr3e was well covered, had been generously provided by the teachers and friends, Mrs. J. Fairclough, The Grange. who had liberally con. tributed to the presents, presonted the gifts from the tree, and Mrs. Broadbent. Toe H,liis,whe hd provided the tree end the decorations, diitributed buns to the children as they left for hom.. At the conclusion of the proceedings, the Re?. F. A. alreetori, proposed votes of thanks to Mrs. Broadbent, Mrs. Fairclough, and the teachers which were heartily carried. LIVERMORE BROS. CIRCUS.

Tlure hav,!b2en some exc-112nz " houivs " dun q the hclidivs at the Itliau Messra. Livermore Bros. hsving decided to stiy another week. Extra " turns " have been prwided, and the entertainment has been conducted with sun SUC3e33 teat toe Clnua proved ono of the chief places of amusement in the town. A performance will be given this aftennon.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
EMBEZZLEIIENT BY A. WARRINGTON

OLE ILK.

A PAINFUL CASE.

At the Warrington Borough Pelee Court on Friday morning, before the Mayor (dldaman Wright) and other magiitrascs, Samuel Masoa, 2, Ellesmere-road. Stockton Heath, a clerk and money collector in the em- ploy of Me,srs. Williams and Clay, mormtnimtal masons, Cro3field-street,Warrin2ton was sumin-ined for embezzle- in g moneys from his employers —Mr.Firshaw appeared t) prosecute, and Mr. A. Browne, who defendei,pleaded not guilty. _

Mr. Forshaw said it was part of defendant's duty to collect money from customers, and on the 18th August he collected 19i horn Mr. McLeary of Wid- nes, and gave a receipt in the c2uclerfoil book for 53. From the same person he collected the following same : 103 on September 9'h, and ac osunted for 7s 6i ; 10s on both October 10th arid 28th, and accounted for 756.1, 011 each occasion. There was no doubt that defendant had euilmzzled sf:veral sums of money, amounting to a con- siderable sum, but complainants were only proceeding with those mill amounts. Since the proceedings had been instituted defendant wrote to Messrs. Williams and Clay to the effect that the Rev. E. T. Reed had called upon him, and told him the result of a conversation he had had with the firm. Be wa3 sorry they could not take any other course, but he begged of them, not for his own sake, but for his daughter and sons to give him another chance. Be owned his guilt, and he did not wish to make any ex- cuse, but threw himself on their mercy. Mr. Reed had told him to sign the pledge, and he earnestly intended to keep it. Be asked not to be tak-n before the magic. trates, as he could not bear it. Mr. Forshaw baid ho did not know how he could plead not guilty after that letter.

Evidence in support of the charge was given by Wats. ter Clay, George Clay, and James McLeary, Widnes. Defendant said he had worked for Messrs. Williams and Clay for more than 18 years, and his wages bad only been raised 2i. since he had been there, making them 323. per week. In August the firm stopped paying for his dinners and incidental expenses. Sometimes he would be at a loss of 25. a day, and he admitted taking the money. He collected about £4O per week from ens. tomers. His wile died a favv months ago, and his home was sold up. Mr. Browne said defendant had given his evidence very openly, and had admitted everything. He had taken the money because he had not been paid his expenses. Complainants had nothing against him before. Ths Rev. E. T. Reed spoke eloquently on behalf of the defendant and asked the magistrates not to be severe with him as his daughter was almost heartbroken. The chairman said the case wes a very painful one. Defendant would be bound over in the sum of £2O to come up for judgement if called upon withia sir months. He was also ordered to pay the costs of the case.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
BLANCHARD'S FEMALE PILLS " NEVER FAIL." Are acknowledged to be the only genuine remedy for Correcting IRREGULARITIES & OBSTRUCTIONS Theyare certain to cure the most obstinate case,and bring about ail that is desired after all else fails. Thousands of Testimonials. In boxes. is. 11d., as. 9d. ; strong, 4s. 6d., From an Chemists or sent free ffom observation by post from P. BLANCHARD, Forest Rd., Dalston, London.

NOW FOR NEW YEAR '99.

Now's the time when everybody talks about turning over a new leaf. But BROOKE, BONDS not only talk about it ; they do it, for they are, to-day turning over new season's leaf, fresh, fragrant. and refreshing, to more then two million souls. Yes, more than two millions of the shrewdest and most thrifts, people in the. British Islands drink BROOKE, norms' TEA every day. That superb fact is one of the finest proafs of civilisation at this end of this century of progress. It means that BROOKE, BJNDI, have introduced the very harbinger of happiness—comforting, clr•ering, warming, stimulating. peace-makinr tea,—to mildons of people, from peasant to princess. Well may BROOKE, BONDS be proud indeed, and they ought tu be, of having been elected by the House of Commons " tea Merchants by Appointment to The People."

OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE

eell Our tea at 10d., 1/-, 1/2, 114, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4, & 2/8 a lb.,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE,

BONO & Co.,

LIMITED.

Tea Merchants by Appointment to the People. THE LANCASHIRE TEL WAREHOUSES: 17, PICCADILLY, AND 12 & n, LONG MILLGATso, MANCHESTER, AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD AND! LONDON.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Etr 44 era Minn. " Ri)ertts 01 LANCIABIIIE AND CRESZtiEtt CuttNTT NEWSY/TSB& Comprises rT,HE Warrinons and Mid- Cheshire Examiner, pub- JL Ushed every Saturday morning. rinlZ Earle:eaten and Newton Examiner, published 1. every Friday afternoon. rilllF. St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday eltornoon. "THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning. THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday Morning'

===== 0002601_18981230_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
-PREPAI D ADVERTISEMENTS.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, AP.tITMENTB WANTED MONEY WANTED, Bert•prio ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE Corr/tsar MISCELLANEOITS WANTS. MOITSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLT. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_18981230_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
illatnestu gittrbants, Su.

'WAFTED, Good General SBRVA.NT ; no waablng.-54, WALNUT-STREET, Southport.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT ; no washing.—Apply 19, HAMPDEN-STREET, Tranmere, Birkenhead.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT.—Address C. ROBERTS Cross Foxes, Coleham, Shrewsbury.

. . WANTED, COOK GENERAL; good cook general small family.—Mra. BASCHEN, Ilae Glen. Runcorn.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT. 0 once.—Apply RICHARD Hanes, Hawk Inn, Hastingten, near Crewe.

WANTED Strong NlRL,about 14 to 16. for two In family% —Mrs. HEARNE. 36. farestrun-gtreet, Edge-lane Liver- pool.

WANTED. good GENERAL SERVANT ;able to wash.; wages £IS.-13Boost Chorlton•oum-EardY. idanchester.

NVANTED at once, a good GENERAL SERVANT, where Housemaids are kept.—Mrs.low:wow:nig, M rket Drayton, Salop.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, 18 to 25. Good wages. Small family. ComfortalAe home. PEEL. Draper, Greetland. Halifax.

WANTED, for the country, good COOK-C4IGNERAL ; another servant kept —Mrs. LAMB, The Thorns, Lydiate, near Liverpool.

WANTED. for December 31st, good Plain COOK; no washing.—EDEICUMBE Moorr, Edge-lane, Chorlton- Cum-Hardy. Manchester.

WANTBD. good ORNIMIELL, yonng ; able to wash and Iron ; no cooking.—Apply Mrs. HEWLETT. Haigh near Wigan.

Cottage.

WANTED GENERAL, Two in family, no w ashing or cooking. plenty et liberty, good wages, 10, Pau- lo-tn. Belivue, tiouthampton.

WANTIII),GSNER&L ; one able to plain cook preferred ; no washing ; Catholic ; good references.—Mrs. Urrawoirra, North-road, St. Helens. good

-w ANTED. respectable GIRL (17). as General. references ; two in family; good home.—Mrs. JORDAN 188. Brunswick-strcet. Manchester.

WANTIM at once, reliable MINIMAL SERVANT; good reference ; family small.—Apply by letter. 12, ROAD, Tuebrook, Liverpool.

ORBORNE•1

WANTED goo al GENERAL about 20, also about 15 as useful help. Apply stating age. wage and refer- sum—Miss WALLER. Whitellffe Villa, Cleoltheatou.

WANTBD, respectable GIRL, about 17, as General ; no washing or coking ; fond of shildreu ; country girl 23, LIVIERLAND-RUAD, Bootle. Liverpool.

preferred.-1

yvANTED, GENERAL SERVANT; steady; early riser; family three.; no children ; comfortable situation.— Mrs. LEfi!l BUCKLEY, Lozley, Ashtou-under-Lyne. Blanches- ter.

lk I ALE and FBMALR NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope- i-U. street, Liverpool.—Establi shed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegr .ph.---• • Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone. 670

Stiarbitiern, at. T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS. L MITE]) (late Ormerod A 7 Grierson, and Co. Limited). Hulme. Manchester, have , the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS Inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pullry patterns on appli- , cation.—Telepheoe 229. _ T-ENT-OPF ICR MANCHESTER, BeTABLINHED IN 1835. Messr GEORGE DAVIEii A SON have 12a.4 more than 4C years' personal experience In connection with this Establish• went, and possess practicalknowledgeof the cotton, woollen, and Iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 13.. A SON. F.1.P.A., M.8.A.. 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be Let.

A;3artmento, & gurni.sbib a)ous'es'.

BLACKPOOL.—SUPERIOR APARTMENTS for Winter months ; with or without 'wird ; terms moderate, EoxixioN 19, Alexandra-road, South Shore.

PENKETH.—Cottages 4s. Od.. 36. 6d. ana 2s. 84. per week. DALLAE-LANE.—Large WOEKSHOP. ground floor, rent 210. BUT lERMARKET-STREHT.—Good front WAREHOUSE, 2 floors. £26. MILL-,Tlollii.—Several Suites offices. 39. CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s. 3d. per week, 25. CATHERINE STitkliT -rent 4s, 34. per week. REGENT-ST KB ET off Sankey Street. WAREHOUSE. ground floor. £l5. PE N K NTH. Semi-detached HOUSE, Garden £l4 year. 31. CA. IHERINE-STILE KT. rent 4s. 34. 25, PERCY-nTRBET rent 48 lid per week. 17, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4834 per week. 85. HOWLEY LANE, rent 56 per wees. Apply ROBERT Loser Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was rington. Telephone—No 55. /TO LET.— 61,Parawner-rrrnErr,Wannirroror.good corner SHOY.—Apply Mr.it. Loert, Estate Agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington. '•. Apply

TORACCONTSTS Comm.ricing.—See Ind. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, Euston-rd., London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr. Ii.MYERS.

A SSISTANT-MISTSgSS (Art 5 ), 9th Jan. next MiNed School. exempt; discipline, drawing. and sewing ; £45 to £5O ; qualifications; testimonials.- -J. R. PRIESTLEY. Correspondent, Greasborough Free School. Rotherham.

—_— rrio LET, COTTAGES off LOP iILY-LA EH . rents as. .1 ASItToN and WOODS, solicitors. Horsemarket-it.. War- -9 10 BE LET, SHOP and DWIILLING-HOUSE. No 15, Liiii-street.—Apply W. W INSTANLEY. 13, Park Place, Warr!' , rpo LWC.—LARGB BOOK. rford-street ; rent £20.- 1 Apply a.SBToN AND Woona. SolLsitors., Horsemarket-et., Warrington. _ 1110 LET. SHOP, with LAUGH ROOM over, in Orfori-et., J. rent £13.--Apply ASTIToN AND WOoDB, Solicitors, Horse- roarket-street, Warrington. DWRLLING-HOIISB.—To be Let. an,excellent Dwelling- house in Grappenhall-road, Latchford, No. b, Wood- bine-tereace.—Apply at Na.S. to I HAaarsos.

Igton.

"PREMISES sultsible for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— I Apply AsErrox AND WOODS. Solicitors, Ilorsemarket-st., Warrioeton. -

CHOP.—To be Let. Hallam-lane, large SHOP, very suitable 11,7 for provision stores ; two minutes from the market.—; Apply J. 11TCHETT AND SON, 14, Cairo-street, Warrington. SHOP to be Let. 9, Ityland•street, two brick "YENS suitable fr,r wholesale confectionery business.—Apply j TISCIIETT AND 6 N. Cairo:street, Warrington. fro LE I.—HOUSE, No. 48. Parker-street.—Applv 1_ ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street. Warringbon.

- -- /VORKROOMS.—To be Let. two good WORKROOMS allam-larte leen lightrd, sulteble for storerooms. ko.. two minutes from the market.—Apply 3. TITCHETT AND SOS, 14, Cairo-street, Warringtou.,

DJ COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLOSODYNis. HE oRtnnTAL AND ONLY GIINIJINR. CIILOTIODYNE is adtnitted by t ProteisiOn to he the most wonderful and valisalsie remedy ever die covered. CLORODYNNI is the beat remedv ksiovert for Conchs. Consumption, Bronchitis aim ettltilltis. CIILORODYNEI effectually cheeks end arrists those too often luta' diseases—Diplitnerta, irVer, Group, Ague CLILORODYNE , acts like a charm in Diarrho3.l and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysenury. CJLOODNI. eff,ctuAlly cuts short all a'Atielts ' of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Pa pitation, and Spasms. ar"...I3LORODYNI4: is the only palliative in Neural- k si.3, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toot hachs. Meningitis, From Dr. B. J• BeirlanN IND CO., HOlllea&ae. We hive made pretty extenaive tole of Chloroiyne inour practice l&tely and look upon It as an ex?ellent, direct Seda- tive and auti-spasmodie. It seems to allay pain and irrita• Win ID whor.vver organ. Rad burn whatever (...11, It Induces a feeling t I comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other SoMeny. and it seeios to ii,ssess tbis greet A .rantitge over et, Other sedatives ; that it leaves na uupleitanut after

VolgtrationO.

etreet i. " Bari Russell communicated to the Coilege of Physicians that he received a desiiiiten i.rom her Msjedv's Consul at Manilla to the eff:...tt that Cholora had t3Pl‘ "long fearfully. stSid that the ONLY remedy Of say serv.c.l was CHLOStO- - Lancet, lit December, lest ()my' ION.—BEWAR OF PI a ACY AND I M ITA - 110 P CA 1..T1.0119........V1Ce-Cti9 neeilor Sr %v. 41• P. out stated that Dr. J C.Lt.Za BROWNE wag, il:Vion.teta, tht, " 7.0..8YN " and that the story ‘tt tte defendant Furr.,..tws.x. was deliberately iintrue, wirdeig be regretted to ,eaY Lat r),oi to.—Se Times. 131 h July, 18.34. tiol.l in bottles t e. hnu 4a. Chi .Non! is , gen wur wit hott the wor•us " .1 ( In 14 if 1.) " tile 0 vs•e-.ent Overwhelm- ing medic 1 te,t lawny a'sann pm. les ~.iel lu le. SoLE MANUFACTUKERS I—J. T. IIuVUNe'VRT, 331 Great Jausselbstreet. Bloomsbury. Leresou

T EX A, NFP FRIDAY, DEC EMBER 30, 1898.

BOARD ING SCHOOL 10H GIRLS. LLANDUDNO.— Good education. Fees from 60. Principal, Miss ISIOXOci, Frou, Church Walks.

gotarfto, 33u5tnt55c5, etr,

WRIND FISH, Chips and Peas, good business, latest tit- I: tinge ; a bargain to immediate purchaser.—Apply 308, CITY ROAD, Manchester.

EADE'S PILLS. EAllirß piLLs. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism erould immeoiatels EADIrS FULLS. red redeoureef tc.4, EtAinTi;T als have piLLs. wbenenclit=vccdf frn"emn taellogritnag to , Eunirs ptu.s. the wonderful power time, I'M: have in giving relief in tne eery EADws pi L LS. worst caset. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfeutly sale in their action.

lIISTANT BELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB 1101 WOUST FORM OR GOUT, ItetHUMATIHM. RHEUMATIO GOUT, PAINE Idf THB HEAD, FACE. AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Bartan-crest:eut Dewsbury. road. Leeds. May 2nd. 1894. 11 BUM ATISM ••Deer Sir,—lt is with uneounded ' pleasure I send yin s few lines in GOUT pmfse of your must excellent Pills., It is six years since I first had IZHEUMATIaId Rbeutnlatica 15(1out, cud I had three 13. 64 _ _ with it. Of coarse

if OUT I had the doctor. arid be sweated roe down ahnoet to a skeleton RuHumAT IS M The neat spring I had =abet attack, and was persuaded by a GOOT friend to try your Pills. I did 80, and am quite sure they prevented RHBUIdATIS 14 ray being laid up again. ever einCe, when I have na4 the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills _

Mid I have been all right again it" U TI SA llrrolcyiLD Nol Inv WITUOUT OUT THIA NI IF THEY COST ONH POUND A BOTILI4. 11 HUMATIS 51 You are quite at liberty to then: what use you 116.4 of this, and 1 Goya, shall be pleased T. answer shy poor sufferer who care) to Write vinuidATlBM me (enclosing stamped mit:treat.). lung you every sweetie, Yours truly ALBswr tioureArx.-

BADE'S GOUT AND /tHIMMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Cliern4ate, In Bottles. 15. Ifki and 2. 91. nr sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, taiiohGP, ttAOl3l, 72, GOOWKLL-140iD. Ask for and be sure sou obtain fiADli'd tIOUT AND stl-11W- MATIC F

rIENERAL PRIMING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION N_A Elreuled s,itti Nonmess anti Despatch.

SPECIAL' :

Auctioneers Eale Buis. Catalogues. Cor.dltions f ale Circulers, Pamph,ets, Price Lists, Ptognintrues tor Ilon cert 3 Soirees, Balla. links for 14 riendly, Co-oper;A sveii.tire ; Cr.ukt.t Clot, ffu s.'llirne nheets and FSUokr.Note Headings Memorandums,Work Heads. Dusit,e.r, Vting stud 141ourniug ‘hrus, ilandi.ll;*, Solhators. 2iff-reh foe, 31antoacture t. 'lrado:3rnen, and othr r.r ring Printing of Any description Are ;requested to ird

*$ LX A VIZIER " OFFICE,

ENERALS WANTED, also good COOK GENERAL k.. 1 wages no object ; must have geod character. Miss Coot. Registry, Cockerbill, htalybridge.

WA NTRD. situation as GROOM-COACHMAN or Second CoAchman : single : age 30 ; weight lOat ;at liberty' J. BUTLER, 82, Greenfoot Terrace, Barnsley.

LET, good SHOP. WORKSHOP and DWELLING .1 HOUSE, No. 17. Milkitreet and King-street. —Apply to WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, plumber, Park•pla,e. Warrington.

*alts DP Rattan.

AGENTS WANTED, something new; once used always used, sells well; post card free sample.— Particulars G THWAITI 9, Stockton-on-Tees.

"VORTII Moor Wesleyan School. Oldham.— WANTED 11 ASSISTANT MIsTNESS: Article 50, £5O: also Art 68. £35 mixed. Apply 200, COPPICE STREET.

•AS6. ELL'S WORLD OF ADVENTURE.—LIFE OF THE QUEEN; 6) numbers at halt published price. French Educational Books, &c.—HALPE BURROWS, Grappenhall.

LlOO.-110 W I make £lOO ye any from 25 Hens kept in confinement, pamphlet, Is lA.—ROGERS, 69, Lieorge- street, Oxford. NTAUGHTY, NAUGHTY AtITOMATIU 'XMAS OIsRDS, .1.1 Set of four, large size, Is. ; small size, 10d , post free. CLARKE, 'Xmas Steps, Bristol.

ÜBI3I4LINH closes all small punctures in tyres Auso- k, matically, quite harmless; 11 per bottle, post paid. B. iiI.3I6BOTTOM, 81. Market-street. Manchester.

FOR BALB.—Soand stylish BROWN HAM rising 5 years ; 15 hands ; goes wall in harness or saddle Apply RETWORTH, Netherleigh, Blackburn.

Al AT= I MATS.—For GM-MN:NEIN ad FURNITURE 131 REMOVERS. —G. M Blackfriars-4treet,Han- chester.

HURD S —Wood Hurdles, Gates, etc —G. M. JONES, 9 Blackfrigra•atreet (late Victoria Bridge). 910 SKIP and BASMIT MAKERS•—On 6ale.Cane,Willows. llAzela, etc.—G. M. JONES, 9, Blackfriars-street, Mau- e6est er

XV IN nS and SPIRITS ; finest quality.—Send for price list V tri G. M. Jos/Es. 9, Riact<friars-street. Manchester

Esn LEPOSIT. no GOODWILL —SPIRIT VAULTS. V in Greftt thoroughfare, with every conv,roenee for f.otlv. WALLwoxix iND CO ,23.1.0iitic,n-rOati,LiVerpool Vir I.I,WORK ,t CO.. Londontv -e..nthers, V, London-road V Liverpool, have to Let Two BERPHOUSES south ena, ,tnid Two 014E1c110(T5,..73 north end; £45 vach. QHIP INN, Newelbt!e, bt,ff4rdsliire, to he Let, close to C.l rthirket £155 Ingnlng ; .£3O extras ; gcod reasous for e wing.—epply on the prep:dies.

OM ElS'B AILMENTS. Ate.— I set, , havtng tried In vain every advert is., ,t ineny, has at It discovered A Si MWe Cure, wt tca will act 'nafew hours, no matter how tubcorn the cit.. Bon4-11* sufferers cart get it Flab', of ail emlt,sing rtamped env.tone. Don't experiment Cliff Worth.. ess P4:4, birxtures Cones 671,1 other inimious wustrums. Write at (Alee with li,) HOPE ttpti CON tl DitiNCE to Mrs. I) T. CLAIN, 4E4 koutharovton linitaittizto Chancery-141,w, LAIL:oiI.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMAS - DO WDA Lb,

671 RENSHAW S fit A', Li VERPOOL HIGH CLASS SECOND-11A. D CARPET AND FURN ITURE D EAU' _EL -

THE CHEAPEST and BUST HOUSH in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-l-fand, CARPETS, HPARTH- HCOS, BOOKCASES. CABINETa, INIAVVING, and Bedroom stints, Writing D..eks, Bronzes, thr-Glase, Old-Dbina, Dinner and Tol'et Services, Old Silver, Xesttro Plate. Overmantles. pier Masses, Wardrobes. T,.ile• 'tables, oideboards, Feather Beds, Bair and Spring Mat 1,.60°. Bed- stead,. Lining Tahles, Ito ANTIQUE 10111INITURE A SPEI:I Li I. SALM ATTENDED ON Preis opinions a 37 Mir Eetabliohment l usltrinoted for t tyle and Assortment__

INbEIIOTION DMITRI%

oalegbpVrtbatt Ereatp.

WANTED. to Purchase Second-hand MILDEWS, Cti DBES'. or CHATWOOD'S SAFES.- -EDWARDS AND Co, 1013, Whitechapel Liverpool:

P MES, never known to fail, 12 stamps. Bleeding Piles, 18 stamps.—BRILVELL, 18, Engine-street, Burney.

fIARR'S DISINTEGRATOR, No. 3; In good order; with \.J 3 pulleys and shafting, £3o.—Dav La, Moreton-in-Marsh.

rIIWU tJietu HUUL ior bale. cneap, suit any work.- 1_ Apply JO6EPH SENIOR, rarszier, Berton Moss, neer ratrlcrult.

DUBS. Hundreds successfully , cured by BAbELIB. the J. great physician's discovery. Wor,b £l. Post free Is. Id. SPELDING, Bone-set. at, Haticy, Yorks. 2ns. to 33s a week can be earned on the "Original" POS. 1.1 Thlt PATUNT .KNlTisit; knits stockings, socks, *o —Write TAMES F are, Maker, Friargate Preston.

S N INS U .A.N(: 1,1 0 FFI CE. FoUNDKI) 1710. Sum INSURED IN 70.N7 XCEEDI £425,0071,00.

For all particulars apply to the 1 ollowinu A;:enta : WAHRINGTON.,....Messr3. . Pickmere Son. Bridge-st„ Mr. Hclward W. Woods. C,•tomernial Clmmt)ers. 5.5, lir rerm4rli,,t- street Memo. Volley and Worthington,2lKAng-stratt Mr. L Lowe. 1, Bank Street.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
AN IDEAL WINTER BEVERAGE

AN IDEAL WINTER, BEVERAGE AN IDEAL WINIER BEVERAGE

CF DELICIOUJ FLAVOUR. ABSOLUTR PURITY.

COOPER. AND CO'S

1 4.-JOOP AND 'S

E(:(notxdl PURE COCOA EXTRACT EiBily Made PURE COCOA EXTRACT ELsily Digoated PURE COCOA EXTRACT

NUUR2SUIG, REFRES I IING,

INVIGORATING.

SOLD IN HANDSOIIELY ELIAMSLLED TINS

at 411, 41, & 2s. 64. each.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL 1312ANCli

A' CT ARKET LC; TREET.

WAERINGTON.

4111•11

===== 0002601_18981230_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
, ' ,;••, • 1. I . • . • J, •.;•' 3 .•• •

===== 0002601_18981230_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINE,U.

DECENIBER 30th, MS.

Thursday was the birth- .. marine Ili" . White day of one of our most now er. illustrious Euglishoson—Mr W. E. Gr..tosToxr,—whose death, lying in state, and funeral are still fresh in the public memory. People are asking whether his memory is to be left to the politicians and to history, without any national effort, ceremony, emblem, or organisation to keep alive tile personal work, and long and devoted sereic.,:si the unselfish and lofty states- manship of the greatest political leader we have had since the days of PITT, it is a national ques- tion. If it has been found advisable to organise a perpetual tribute to the memory of Lord ExacoNsFrEto, who was not a typical English- man, how much !acre should we be anxious to retain in our attractions the !roue, t!io services,

:. the birthday •of the illustr.ious man who towered so much _above him ? On the other hand,, it may he said that a flower alone will never Humoctalise a public man, and that badges are not required whoa Acts of radix- *, anent ,can be arranged by the score to show what Mr. GrAnsrosn has gone and he] pd to do for the cGuntry. There is some force in this c enten- ' tion. It must be seriously considered from every point of vio.ew. Whatever is false, raeritricious, and artificial, had batter 'se kept away from the memory of a man who was mourned at his death by the whole nation and by the civilised world.. A white rose or a white chrysanthemum could not adequately ex.iress what enthusiasts feel. It could not repreont a cause or a party, except by the same kind of associations which have been ad- ventitiously grouped round the priair,,se. Yet for the young and the generations to come, how shall we honour and pr)servo the mearory of a great man, a schelar,and a st3lesman ? Hd there bean no previous organisation in existence, perhaps the ide t. of selectin afi .wer and formini a Gladstone Lea:4me would never have arisen. Tlvre Ime been a White Rose Leagn uu if 14, had hew! left alone and helped at a crisis of its existence. it would have bi:en by this time a fi mrishing end potent body. DO We need such an orgealisatiou now P If it were in exist- AL. cue it would be very helpful. Whether it be wise

I

===== 0002601_18981230_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
to Ore4to it is the doubtful matter. Perhaps our readers will give their attention to the subject, discuss it amongst themselves, and in our columns. It would be far more useful to do this than to take a pld,biscite as to the leadership and the pressing points of a:Liberal platform. If such an organisa- tion be promoted, it must not be antagonistic to any existing body, its creed must be simple, and there must be nothing in the way of Pinchbeck honours and titles connected with it. Formed on these lines, we think such an organisation may be of real and permanent service, and promote that unity of spirit which is so often lacking in the different sections into which the party is divided. Some minor organisations might very well be absorbed by it.

B )gus THE rage for sensations is inflict- Btoeraphr. ing upon us Some curious literature. When it makes no pretension to anything batter than fietion we have no real quarrel with it. We can read it or leave it alone, and it does not concern the honour or the opinior.s of individuals, Royal or otherwise. Our desire to penetrate into private life, however,is so keen that excursions are made into domains not hitherto ex- plored in the memory of the living personages themselves. We cannot wait for memoirs and diaries, or be content to read gossip which has no pretension to be authoritative or biographical. The Queen has had, on two recent occasions, the unpleasantness of finding her views descriLed in newspapers and serials. Lord ROSEBERY has come )rward to deny the authenticity of one important conversation said to have occurred between the QUEEN and himself, and now the QUEEN has ilaa to declare that there is "no truth " in a series of conversations attributed to her by a former Maid of Honour. It is lamentable that we should see the QUEEN placed in the unfortun- ate position of having to submit to rnisreprese nta- tions in peace or denying the accuracy of pub- lished accounts. It is hardly fair to publish accounts of this kind without more than ordinary care. Tney may be inexpedient and inconvenient, and contrary to good taste. In such cases they will be passed over in silence, if they are merely of a personal character, and do not impute political motives. But when it is alleged that transcripts of actual conversations are given, in- volving high matters of policy and ideas of great importance, the public have a right to expect sotnething authentic, attested by external guar- antee or internal evidence. In the present case t.te iaternal evidence was decidedly against accu- racy. The QUEEN does not talk or write in the in- flated and vague style of the revalations,as readers of her letters and her diaries and of authentic con- versations are very well able to judge. There may have been some germs of truth in the opinions expressed but they are conveyed in a style that struck every- body as most unusual and unfamiliar. It is not necessary to say more about the matter in the way of direct comment, but we are bound to protest against this tendency to exercise highly imagina- tive powers upon such subjects .s the opinions of the Sovereign on questions of State and policy. We are equally bound to protest against the general tendency to purvey bogus biography to , meet the demand for the extraordinary and the sensationaL It has become a morbid habit, and in the QUEEN'S case it is not justified by the absence of such personal and domestic details as are calcula- ted to satisfy a healthy curiosity. The QUEEN has published some of her diaries, and she lives amongst us with no Oriental desire to conceal her life from the public gaze. There might be other methods of redress open to a subject whose opinions were published in the form complained of, but for the Sovereign a simple denial must suffice, and it will be accepted without question by the public at large.

The story of M. Zola's five months sojourn anonymously in England forms a curious compli- ment to the Liglish nation. If there be one in- dividuality which has impressed itself on the French mind throughout the Dreyfus proceedings it is that of his apologist who endangered reputa- tion, property, and even liberty on his behalf. The great realist, by importing himself into the contro- versy at the moment he did, got to be more hated by a large portion of the populace than Dreyfue himself. But when he chose to leave the country and come over to England, he passed to London without recognition completely baffling the , French police who, deceived by the smallest of subterfuges—Lis wife's frequent journeys to Medan —concentrated their attention on that ' quarter. Then to London came the author : I—a Frenchman knowing not a word of English alone, and betraying by his every action the features and figure then being illustrated in every other newspaper of the coun- try. He made his way, however, to an obscure village on the Birmingham line, and there pre- served his secret. It is true that Ins identify was , suspected very strongly by the local clergymen, who for that reason, with a File old English courtesy, paid him marked attention without ask- ing any questions. But there, and in the other places to which he has moved during his five months' stay in this country, no attempt was made to unravel the mystery. Even the newspapers, which claim now to have superseded the detectives —at least in America—continued to state oracu- larly that Z.ila was in London, when he was not there. The novelist thinks all this was done in kindness, and that the good people veiled their eyes, s to speak,to 1-is recognition. That is a very pretty compliment to the density of the English people ; as largo a one as it is possible to pay.

Duelling never has .quite died oat, except in this country, and on the Continent lethal weapons are still resorted to with some frequency for the settling of disputes. "Coffee and pistols for two." is a programme of some popularity in Hun- gary at present, and scarcely a day passes but a couple of irate nobleman or statesmen try con- clusions with one another by means of the driello. We read of fierce encounters, feverish excitement, doctors in anxious attendance, and no result but a trilling scratch or an entirely harmless burning of powder. Seeing that the opponents are ustm Ily rso bitter against each other be- fore the affray it is a little remarkable that they hould he so careful to avoid inflicting any injury. Anything more farcical and childish than a French or Hungdrian duel we can- not imagine, Yet there is ono thing to be said in favour IS these affaires d'houneur. They suffice to tv.suage the wounded feelings of the dispiitants at a very small test either monetary or physical.

Stti.:factory progress we reported at the annual maetitig of the Warrington Savings Bank last week. If then:unbar of business transactions may be tlikan as a reflex of the state of prosperity in the town, thou they are very encouraging. Uu doubtedly Warrington has enjoyed a period of good trade during the past twtilve months' miin- terrupted by disputes of a serious kind, and it is pleasing to note that there is every prospect of its continuance in the New Year. In fact at the pre- sent time the iron and allied trades seem to be in a healthier condition than has been the case for sonic time past. It is therefore advantageous that there should he such :in excellent local institution avi the Savings B o:lc wher. s working- classes can d,.josr their Small savings with absolute se anti y awl he the better preplred for the p: ,vermal "raiuy day." That ranch use is made 1 tha to t9k is sit.,wu by the fact that there are no -fewer !-%rie 12.020 depositors. Many of tl:ese helog o dm working-classes, and that some belong to thu very poor is demonstrated

===== 0002601_18981230_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX ./k MINER FRIDAY. D 1 CEMBER 30, 1.-t-)8 RUNCORN AND WIDNES. !CHRISTMAS IN RUNCORN.

by the number of small accounts, 4,794 being of one pound and under. During the year 928 fresh accounts we e entered, and it is to be hoped that when the next report is presented a still greater addition will have been made to the number of those who are endeavouring to be thrifty.

The princely munificence of Lord Iveagh has been the principal topic of conversation since Friday; and well might it be so for a gift of half a million pounds sterling is not an everyday event, or at all a "frequent occurrence. The noble lord has been impressed with the deplorable state of Slumdom in Dublin, or at any rate that part of it lying between the two cathedrals, and to ameliorate the condition of things he proposes to expend a round sum of £250,000 in clearing the land of its wretched tene- ments, and covering the area wjth workmen's dwel- lings, model lodging houses, a library, concert hall, swimming bath, gymnasium, and recreation ground. Ineffectual attempts have been made by the Dublin Corporation on several occasions to do away with these slums—perhaps the most miser- able of any to be found in the kingdom—but the task has proved one of almost unsurrnountable difficulty to the city governors. Now Lord Iveagh proposes to solve the problem himself by Private Bill powers, and the Corporation of Dublin ought 1 to be, and no doubt are, deeply grateful to him. The property to be erected on the cleared and cleansed area is to be afterwards invested in the Guinness Trust, and the income which will be de- rived should make the improvement a lasting one. We could find one or two equally deserving slums in Warrington, if the millionaire is forth- coming who will be prepared to follow the noble example of Lord Iveagh. It is to be feared, however, that such good fortune as Dublin is about to experience will never be the lot of War- rington. The remaining £250,000 of the half- million will benefit mankind all the world over. This sum is plaoed in the hands of the Jenner Institute for the endowment of research directed to the prevention of disease. Scarcity of funds has always been the great drawback of scien- tists endeavouring to successfully resist the ravages of plague and contagious disease, and the gift of Lord Iveagh should go far towards making their labours really effective.

A NARROW ESCAPE. During the heavy %Lid that prevailed on Tuesday morning, the large hoarding of tee Ruucsrn afl.i Widnes Biliposting C 'neatly, eituat id in th 3 Old Rolle way near the Railway Station, Runcoru, was blown down, and considerably damaged. A horse and dray which wets passing at the time had a narrow escape. A. RUNCORN CENTENARIAN. M-s. Mary limbo% of Weston Penn", near Runcorn, en Christmas Day att .ined th 3 age of 102. Sae is quite a local celebrity, an 1, considering her age, is remaikab'y well arid active. She has been three timea married, her fitst husband being a soluier, and she spent tourte-n years in barracks. Her second hush ant was a public works ganger, and she ha visited all parts of England and Ireland. SACRILEGE AT THE CATHOLIC CHAPEL. SOMA time during het week some person or re/none have lyen guilty of rebbing the alms boxes, and abstrac- ting therefrom the while of their contents. Toe method employed bass evidently been a mrst ingenious one for little or no trace has been left by the enrpetraters. Based upon the amount received during the c, rresponding period last year, it is estimated that £3 at least has been made off with. Information of the theft has been laid with the police. A STREET DANGER. The Ustrict Council have issued net:ce3 intimating that persons whe offend by depa-itine " orange-peel" on the pavements within the d snit o' Rnticern will he p:osecuted under the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, under which Act a fine of 40s and coets can be ieflict3d. For a considerable time this has been a public danger in Runcorn, and it is hoped that 1113 result of issuing the nolces will he a dis'.ontinuance of the practice, wnich is mostly due to theu2htlessness. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT HALE BANK. On Saturday at midnight two stacks of hay were dis- covered on fire belonging to Mr. W. H. Johnson, Hale Gate Farm, Halebank. The fire brigades were sent fo-, and the Hale brigade under Cep am n Hitchmoug,h and Widnea brigade under Cant sin vvhitham were soon in attendance. Their combin-d efforts were, however, fruitless in seving the hay, b rth stake being completely destroyed. The damage is estimarel at £4OO. Super- intendent Keighley with a posse of police were in attend- ance, and rendered valuable aeeistknce. TEA MEETING AT THE PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL. OR Monday, the vouee people of tee Primitive Methc- dist Sunday Scheel, promoted what proved t a be a most successful tea meeting and concert, wi.h a view t a rais- ing funds tar ticlei late the Chapel debt. Abo et 200 sat (Levu to an excellent tea. Tables were presided over by :—Mise Polly Hillidge, Miss E. Her hey, Mimi A.. Wilson, Mss B. Wilson, Miss Ada Fleet, Mr. S. Parkin- son, Mr. Arthur Hardlvy, Mr. Riceeed Helidge, and Mr. T. Sale—Tare concert was presided over be Miss Oxworth, and songs were given by Miss Annie Wilson, Miss Agnes Davies, Miss L. Hillidee and Mr. J. Stutobe. The whole concluding with a laughable sketch entitled Christmas." RAILWAY EMPLOYEES TONTINE CLUB, RUNC MN. Mr. H. A. Cooke, stationmaster, pri•sided nvrr the annual meeting the above dividing club, held at the Railway Station. The Secretary Mr. E. Newton pro- rented the annual berance atieet which showed chat over £lO was paid in sick relief. The only death fee was for one member's child (£1). After paying all ex- penses there was a sufficient sum l•ft to allow of a dividend of Ms. 7.1. p. r member.-- Chß ritual votes of thanks ware accerdr.d he officers who were le-elected. FUNERAL CF THE LATE MR. JAMES GREGORY. The funeral of the late Mr. James Gregory tea place at Runcorn Cemetery on Saturday afternoon. The etaequica were of a Plain and Si mpie character. Thoie present included—Rev. C. W. L. Christien, aler,s,s. B. Crosby, D. Biebrown, T. Boots, T, Cooke, W. Ktrkham, W. Rushton. W. PendleburS', J. Hilton, T, Lawton, T. Watson, T. L .ach, jun., W, Kilgrasß, Gibion, Captain Acderson, Ceptrin R. Hill, and the in rurn:rs, viz., .1. Bailey (Warrington), T. Gregory, W. Gregory, P. Gregory, J. Gregory, M. Gregory and B. 'Gregory (rephews of the deceased), P. Brown, J. Gregory, jute, and R. Brett (erand nephew). Th a bor'al aervien was conducted by the Rev. C. W L Chrislen. The remains were enclosed in ao nak coffin with bras; meunting.e. Mews. Leach and Son, Ceurch-itreet, cerriei oat the funeral arrangements, Tire dace teed was 79 years of age.

, The festive s ason of C iriatinas was fittingly cele- ; brated ie all the churches, within Run:orn and District, by the hol ling of services in keeping with the time or the year. and large congreo.tions flecked to the various places ref worahie in aopreciation of the rip clad efforts ,nade on their behalf. At St. Paul's Church, the Rev. C. W. L. Christien (superintendent of the circuit) preached at the morning service, feu riding an able discourse on " the fullness of time," arid illustrating with picturesque vividness the times and manner of the c nning of the Lord Jesus Christ. In the evening the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. J. A. B. Mal cern whose text also was appropriate to the season, and fitted in with the remarks of the preceding prealher with b-..coming nicety.He dwelt upon the fact that our Lord Jesus Christ came univenally and though his career cammenced in an insignificant manner he bad attained to universal fame. Special music was rendered by ths choir, and the carols were heartdy joined in by the c.ngregation. The services at the Parish Church were of the usual character. There were three celebrations of Holy Com- munion. The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood preached in the morning and delivered a short address at night ' time. At the close of the service the choir sang a number of carols The sacred edifice was tastefully decorated with holly, evergreens, and eccle,iastieal de- I vices, &c. At Sc. Michael's. Holy Trinity, and Weston Point, I similar services to that of the Parish Church were held. The importance with which the Catholics regard tue fe set of the Nativity was illustrated t y the nature or the services held at St. Edward's Mission. The pulpt was o cupied by the Rev. H. B. Gore, and an appropri- ate sermon was delivered. Special music was sung. Toe church had also been prettily decorated by the members of the congrega•ion. Services at the Primitive Methodist Chapel were in keeping with the seas m. The preacher was the Rev. W. fled se,and excellent sermll4 were delivered morning and evening. At the close of the evening service special carols were sung by the choir and congregation. The Ilaiton-road Chapel celebrated tbe festive season by the holding of a special scrvice of song. In the morn- ing the Rev. J. A. B. Malvern preached,and in the even- ing the Rev: It. J. Clifton °movie', the pulpit. After the special service of song. Mr, Walter Shaw gave " The heavenly song," Mr. Edgar Johnson also rendered a solo " Behold I stead at the do r and knock." A sweetly performed trio was contributed by Mi a Heatherington, Miss Tayl)r, and Mr. Reg Johnson. The pieces rendered be the choir were " Worship the King " (Sul ivan, " 0 Gladsome Light," and "0, praise the Lord." At the close a special collection was made in aid of a fund to provide music books for the use of the choir. At B, thesda, Congregational Church, the preacher was the Rev. J. Osborne. Solos and choruses from Handel's Messiah " were given by an augmented 'their. The Runcorn Orchestral Society with Mr. W. Cooke, A.R C. 0., (organist), as accompanists, proved a wor hV acquisition. A collection was made for the choir fund. At Camien.Mr. Gsorge Littler (Manchester), preached at the morning service, and Mr. Israel Hayes at the evenine, service. An additional service of song was held sub3equently when the choir rendered the cantata " The night of glory or the birth of Christ " (Cur wen), with pleasing effect. At the close a celleetiou was taken in aid of the poor fund. Services in accord with the festive season were also held at St • John's Pre.byterian at Tel, Welsh Chapel, Rutlani stroet; Mersey Mission aud other places set wor- ship. Special music and carols were the, principal features.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE.

The half-yearly me-tlng of the ratv)ve or 'er Was h II on Saturday night in tho Gneoway-road Scholl. Mr. Edward Key, junior preside I. After the ordinary busi- ness had been disnoard of r‘forence was mad to the sudden c 1( eh of Mr. John Jones, of Dpner-We strew:. Mr. Jules 5 nned the divi.ioo at it. inatitu*im, 30 years ago, and was a charter member cf the order. Tho eleeiou of officers took place with the following rt - sift :—Patriarch (chairman), Mr. Tho nas Cryle ; asso- ciate, Mr. Thomas Whyte; con lucturs, Messrs. John Jowls and William E lgley ; oh.plain,Mr. James Moores; sentinels, Messrs. Alfred 23,3 den and Thomas Clark.. ; financial.sec:retarg, Mr James Johns,n ; t,easer?r, Mr Daniel Biabrown ; recording secretary. Mr Moira,. J Hol,.;trus W.?, Messrs. TrlOMae Heesom. J )hri 11,434 and M Timrerley ; auditor., M.Sirs. Thomas and William Cooke ; sick stewards, Messrs. Thmaas Chlics and George Holt; s•eretary of cad, t., Mr E Ky. junior ; patron, Mr. Thomas Whyte. Toe 101,0 wing momb rs av(r • appointed as repre.entatives to the grand division mer- ting at Crewe in January J ho J mes, 'rhomas C'arke, Daniel 1101? wn, Jame Muores, Jaint's Johnson, George Holt. and E. Key.

I v., 1 RELIGIOUS EXAMINATION AT THE Sr. EDWARDS' SCROOLii. ! The reports ot the receht religious ix 'min rtoris lidt at the St. Edward's, and St ,jlhn the Bassist School, Runcorn and Weston, under the D.ovsc of Shrewsbury, cu. the 18-. h 1 N member, has just come to hind. An- pended are the ins • ector's r .ports, wi"h the remarks of Dr. Allen, Bishop of Shrewsb.rry. The examininz,ffiser was Mr. Aloyaius O'T Di-wesan tnimezttor. Mixed Schsol, Rune )rn :—Rouort "Th Mited Slhool has the advantage of an effi• Init. and hard-working etaff. As a result the work is of an excellent churac*.er in every standard. It is Lot easy to pick ou", any portion of the work for ripe-dal praqo, since the whole is of the Vest. The hymn slnginz has; been tnui t with care bat net with such succrs.."—Rishup's re- arks : " The Inspector's report Ikaves no room for comment. All is happily of the best in con- scientious; werk."—lnfants (Runcorn) : " The inlalts dtpartment is taught o'er •mely well. The prayers are perfectly fixed in the memory of the children and t'ley are repeated with accuracy and de•rotinn. The if.r.ruc- tion is eq.ially gotd. The children sin! their little hymns very sweetly and correctly from a musical point ot view."—Bishop's remarks : ss Most satisfactory and very pleasing report."—Mirpd school (Westrn) : SePlrt: " For A very small school this ii,partmsnt im astonish- ingly well tau:lht. In ey,ry di arsine the wcrit has Pro- per attention and the results attained are excellen'ltbey would d.) credit to a school which has the advantage of a Ivo staff, and a tsachee for every class. The h irnfla are song in a pleasinlr manner."—Hishop's rernerki " Linder vrry adverse circumstances a most satis'alTo report." . _

===== 0002601_18981230_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. Put's YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY C r.ASS.

Ot M ),Idar eveain7. the -;i:(M. Mea'A StCietV 01st held I h.!ir annuil mee.ii(..! in the Idramierlnit 8.1,1 -0!r The room n been pre' t'lr deemr ,ted b lir. n tie rnMetial hine nroyi le I 13; Mr G•Aharn. Ta waq provided at to tr )'clil ty Mr. NAneoais, the tP vier of the elay. A v,ry lar.a oo ir.)ary,- hat aaseml•l '.aer 70 pers.„, heinz pant. After tea a. very ivreeiting nroorawnno wa übm'nted to the corarany, by Me.AAr*. Dodd, ItiThrnwn, an I Barker, an'l solns bi- Mr. Leathwo I An iMi a naltAiw. The ChiPf item of jnrerf 5' was a Oresentation to Mr. Na-coris his wif. %. Mr. Nruci being pritirt'eti with a V-17 handsorn b,ey svatki•itti it i Iniunt,d with eha,e over, while M rq. N c illia reeeiyi•il a nretty worki)ex • Mr E Dayloa, the s io'ar,mad, th, prsaaradein.. tile d•tty t hit d..voltyl upon hirri wAs of a nrlo't plea, jig natme. Mr. Naneolia w. 4 ti *Pco'v, lk• Aticir %IR a si-n,II t It -n Or love ai d the Manly had been etnferred trio , :Avon ai memhara of his elms. M. Nuieolliai had Drove I hiina'if ti tie a t-to friei d, omi whenever dihneneßtn3,l was requi,-) or II:a V.ilt ayirraat'av wave I he eoald al. w-tya b) r I ...VII]. Mr N also C Upie 1 Promim n- 00-it 01 in the h.sdr aof the o inn. and 1 h-1 hoped 111 • pre-elt would he a p;el'iniz and I.l3efn one•—Mr• ii.lo,rOwn svike i m'o i•tic terms. Th 3 cIAES hA.(I a 9f ri(11 .1 11,414. and he was pi,Me.Cl when ee- casions like the ore ,sat atos aid allowed c nvivtsl y and soe.ii: 'n b .tween the members. Gome we: e af:erwande enzaged in, u icier he C)a d an' o' Ma it .IM--.9.k. a Le-II h,ood And D3„;nee. emnpagy sj ,It a thor mghly el j y ib!r eye ,iee.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODs RAM.

A PICIC-PDCKET CAUGH.T Ritroff.ll4l)WD.—a.Fore Mr. A. Ti in tr. (o:•e.h!ing) t.n,t De 8:70et,... a the Yr vtollant P,tliCol Court rtn Friday, a mat sevirw ,Oe'nttne Wu,. Arnir,,,l4te oF F .hrock-3ri t, Braught-el, 0)e t .r, ov,s brlav up on rerra.oi eh rm' ili all..wmpt,rg co ph k ck c or flew!) R )Fol taaa—F-arn the evcl nle or the lil..s9eotor an(l P C. N-,.thiam it ap3eateri tha-, fte-s- -hritt p,ll Atte,l,ti!l,l a •ie y +Art of thfo 13-o r 3 F',l ty. F. d htoi, 0.1 lII' 18 n of D.Y.lenher. lie f;t ii p. ck t .othir,n 'f or ,inv 1,-• hond it tva fh,o,t, and a I..u:yle t 0 ton 'icon 1:-.tcceen !;h4 tol. Er Gal 7 pi-a ham/4 d o‘tor to £ N •oolnana who ocvotc 1.1 a) to h pel Ci s ;viol aii con4rF!,o,l himr. with the pfig,i,ner 10,1ei "I hail hl I a ,Irop ftri,k, ton f lii n.a: WI IC I wa. Ti" i"' jm dnry." 0 Apce e VGAS f.)urid to he ttal noae..s rof a rlll.ll gobrj ir,,,rd • two 'all w ,11,0 e.. air! .1.,10na,re.4 hook 0 Ca.t.'e F iii, mlk, Al i 57.; 7, in its Uoir,ed Kjoi,,t,rn," a p .Il i e !,1 a ci.itiui 7. 81 in 'ii,tat t ‘.l q-em nlotofi id qtn t'asz all ii it(‘ ptttr exccpt t ho lli nr the a dre“r vu I C .es." or t,r-e o,orrija tliddtdi ,ptinarnd.—T it Inch,enterv.!o.l prs iiter to a month'. ian)risonm-nt withaut cha option 01 a nue.

LUmf C tTriIi.RTICUW P(LLq. clig.tv enrrea- Jlve, an i agreerbty aperient. 911.. 13i I.—Of all Clautlats.—Atlvt.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCO ItN NOTES.

LBYA CORRRSPONDENT]

If the" Church " and the " Nonconformists" are at variance in Runcorn, it is pleasing to fiat that in Frodsham, happily, such a state of things doss not, exist, as is illustrated by the remarks made by Mr. C. E. Linaker on the oocasion of the opening of the Primitive Methodist Buzaar the -e on Wednesday. Let us hope that a little more of this spirit of unity may ultimately be inft.md into both parties in Runcorn.

Te " soap bubble " causal thraugh the after effects of the School BoArd election has burst, and the subject can be dismissed for at least the next three years. Tne only remaininiz question is the Chairmanship, on which post of honour I have already had my say. Still there is considerable speculation about it, and in a day of surprises the unexpected often happens.

The Halton Parish Council and the Vicsr of Hal- ton are perplexed over a small matter. I say small matter advisedly, for they appear to be engsged in splitting hairs over the distribution of Sc. Trionlas' Comity. Well ! It will not come up for another twelve months, ani during that time we may have many opportunities of reviewing the controversy. Both the Council and the Vicar agree on the prin- cipal paint that the Charity is to be distributed to the deierving poor,and I think it absurl to disagree about who should select those deserving poor. What a task has been set the Charity Commis- elopers ?

Cominz to grievances, again, this time I feel in- clined toe' have a smack " at the Runcorn Council or that portion of it responoble for the lighting of the town streets. surely for tha amount of money spent we are entitled to expect a more adequate return in the way of good light. Then,comes spme ran absurdity in which the moon has to play a prordatzt part. The streets are not lighten upon ceitsin nignts—upon which the moon is supposed to shine—an'absuedity which inevitably results in the man ill-the-mom having a game of his own by refusing to shims sr, all on those particular nights. Toen, pos-ibly, a night or two following when the lamps mu‘t be lit, he permits his refulgent rays to out-vie any awl every gaslight in the district. Look, to it, yerespon-ible ones, or beware

===== 0002601_18981230_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Broughton Rangers just managed to atom the tide of Pucce4s, and pros ed a stumbling-block to the progress of Runeorn in the direction of the top of the league. Yet, Brou4hton were beaten at all points of the game, and ought to thank their lucky stare for their win.

Warrington proved a useful stepping stone to the Runcornians. The result came as no surprise for a confilent feeling was expressed in the town before the event came riff. •Bat the surprise of the week WM the fall of Widnes,and beaten by Rochdale Hor- nets too! Runcorn now have a visible proof o Z their imptoving form, and when the meeting with Wid- ne4 comes off a great game is exp?cred as Runcorn easily beat the Hornets and hope to continue" on the improve."

===== 0002601_18981230_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METIIODISP B iZl,llt,

FItODSETAM.

cia WI-A(lms lay afternoon. a inwt succes;ful sale of work cvaa n:)Pao a.-• the', St:lvrilrolrn •Af the Primitive Methodist Chuic Froushatn, by Mr. C. LirtAker. There wm•ei pregent at the opening err imo ly ia addition to Mr. C Liaker. M.. awl the M,q,4,4 Ljnak.r. 11-v. Ei B. )werolt, MiSFI Both. Mr. Proud, Mr I M. Jones. Mr. jams 1i.)1)!Ih, Mrs. Andrews (RI! y Bank!, Mr Mrs J. 8 ),-,3n0, Rev. J. M 'non, ft: , with the <l.-rs ornliOrte I 11,40 .019 W.V. 11. 13 Hover f having read a letter oF po'nly fir ahaAnre . tie Rw. W. Film!, Riuicore, +aid the r wore de teed re) h ive the r friend M... CI. Lm.ker withl hem. !-Ie wa4 a stranger hut .4., nil trend and ne!per of he Primtlye M."thodists in 'n: Pr eArtkTi e-ri might be same people previa', who iunoraa.- n ie fact that Mr. Linaker very kindly irni•h Iti Printitiyes of Frodahain with architectural service; Fri eot °tiara,. which wes a er iat helo ti them. Mr. Lmaker had also hen always w,Pia% %in I t a 11; them ad Vin,T, and up 'n ocm.sian had willingly con- '', rred with their minist.r4 atl workers rendsring then at the as stancelie Clu I cl. They we' e tzlad t see him that day. and would be delighted oli ar him. (.9.p-

p nose. 0. Linaker. who was re ieiv td gjlr hodapplause. sai•l.he woald tegi by exp,eh.i w a hope thi.t they had all Tint a very nappy Chrisrinas, aed hv wishirt.: all in totle town of Fr rdshom ast ultl have a happy Now Year. Snakespetre had said : " All the world's a 8' ATP aid the m, a ,n,l women are too °lavers." file WAR a 1111: to take lip a new p irt and if there were any shortcemlecs he felt sure tOey wottd overdo dt thin. Be hAi cot come t take a figura:Ave part in toe proceed- (lleir, hear.) lie nnieratned that ton ohj, cl then wiareed te accoinniiah was the er eton of the irma path:- ade in the front of the chitno!, an object that had been in abiicarica for the pig 20 years. waiting for a more f,vuorille tme. That tin' had now cony,. and he hop.vl they would realise their object, (Hear, hear.) He wed I take the opr,orruni'w of sayinz. wh tr. hr h ,•; !piny t:M^.l before, that he was a churchmoo. He was not a n-rrow minded Churchman. (dear, hear.) the work whien all religious communiti,a were engaged io was foi• tote and the same obj.ret, it) he old not see Vail, it mattered how thev got at it ; and everyone who h ,d it ii tit; ir pnorr sliteild do al they could to help forir'ard any Christ ail w irk. (dear, hear.) With reeard to what he hod done ior the chipel it Lad briEn a p'e tau. e He river forgot the thanks due—indeed he corsitpred that tie gratitude of ihe whole country was due to the Nonconformist bodies!, for tte work they had done aai which he hoped they would c•ntinue to do. He again wished them every sun- ces and declared the bazaar open. (Applause.) The Rev. H. B. floweroft expressed hitncelf satisfied , whit the address delivend by Mr. Lihaker, and re.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD. 11::•vereccl Joseph la.arne:4'l.hurr...,-ri 51ex•c..n Prescrip tio3i tne only or,ginal gt;w• 14t d Rtxi Ic all those vrhe, suer froni rersni wk s , es..a ists I v kidney or bladder nlis :AN. on gnaws!, pr,5,c.,;„,, sp, creak hrss, brain (:g and Aipthol coaaJlai wov, Cl IA Mrxicl. It he, L6I•• LeAn 10- Lwecry-tw .0-s Thous .n J• cur.& B.,nd f-VidrCs.o s a .opent envelops to JOSEM ri,LtittS. lug:weal CO , b/sono-Wory fda,:sisns, Blosalsbory ‘re, Lo . ton, sn get particu- lars f this t;rOst Specific Irr,f,. Meltia(t whetter for male or ternale. Grunion- guff, r.:r3 heed nnl7 apply. Beware ot awiodling tmiaor artcl igOOrMat qnacks.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
marked that he should like to add that he to) was a churchman—a member of the Church of Christ—and agreed wit a Mr. Lioaker that they liGOtliki work vead- fascly in that Call:el Its the hope of being unired in the world to ccme. (Heir, hear.) The Rev. J Morton read the 83'h Psalm, and prayer wal said by Mr.J. Spruce, of Preston Brook. The baziar was pronyted by thechurt'h workers with , the °hire: stated above. It might cot be out of place to state th it the contemplat-A addition to the criurol takes the form of a July designed iron pallisade rail which has teen esecutrd. by Mr. C. Linaker, and will greatly enhance the eltsting bui:dinc,, as well as give it greater privacy. The room ta I been tastefully decora- ted, and the stalls Were most atr and arti ca!ly laid out, refhcting credit upon the efforts of the several sral holders who were:—Drapery S:all: Mrs El B Howcrott, Mrs Beading, Mrs Gilbert. Japanese Stall: Misses Nellie and Bianche flc..u4n. Dairy Stall : Mies Heuirh. Retreshment Stall : Mrs Lawless, Mrs Corker, Mrs Hough. Sweet Stall : Miss 8 Corker, Miss Ada Atherton. Toy Still : Miss Bessie Jones, Miss Owen, (Widnes), Miss L Corker, Miss E VVoodcick. The Curiosity Shop was in charge of Mr. J. M. Janes (chemist), and .rir. S. Alderman.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ST. HELENS MURDER.

INQUEST AD VERDICT.

STILL NO _CLUE.

Mr. Samuel Blighouse, district coroner, res rased the inquest, at Sc. Helens, on Thursday morning, on the body E.f tfts little girl Sarah Fialinty, six years of age, whose outrages body was found in an old football field behind Park-road, Parr, St. Helens. on Sunday morning, December 11. The inquest had been adj.iurnlii for a fortnight in order to allow, the police to complet) th:Ar investigations, but they have so far be9n unable to bring anyone to justice for the crime, and the affair is still enshrouded in mystery. several persons have been under suspi,sion, but the information which the po!ice have teen able to obtain has not been sufficient to justify any arrest. Public interest in the tragedy is alit undi- minished. Toe post-mortem ex, mioation, it wilt be re- inunaered, indicated that tir,itt) we due ti cuff )cation, and that the child had ben forcibly outr.ged. The coroner this morning ask4,l i:nil-C-n,t able Wood if he had any fort ilOt esiderme t place beorre the jar in cinnection with tie mittr,r.

?dr. Wood N, for ; I :sm B,rry to HIV I hare not,. Diligent Ee ire 3 tias been in .4e,but, havl teen nnabl. t 3 find anyehe who saw the child atter t q iarer nine on the Sa.t.nrday night, when s'm went to her cousin's house, uutil she was found tie following morn- ing. The Coroner : There je no evidence t 3 show what became of her in the miantime ?

Mr. Wood : No, sir. Toe Coroner: Will it serve acy useful purpose to keep the ingdest open? _ . .

Mr. Wood i I don't think it would.

The Coroner said that uudrr tne eircums aiees 11.1 did not ere any good of keeping, the jury any longer. All they could do woula be to return a verdict of wiltul murder against a perion or persons unknown. That was thel-gal coune to adopt.

The jury therefore returned a verdict io ao,ordance with the coroner's direction.

WA ItRINGTON A FATAL ACCIDENT.

The death has been reported to the police of Blizabeith Hall, 77 years of age, widow, who was an inmate of the Union hoipital, Far a number of years she had been ill feeble health, and on the 1611 March this year she was going upstairs at her home, when she fell, and fractured her right thigh bone. Ur. Braide, who attended her, ordered her to the workhouse hospital, but owing to her age she never recovered from the aceideat, and died on Wednesday: _

Boys' and Girl's SCHOOL BOOTS unequallerl at SCALES AND BONS, 83, Bridge-street, Warrington.— Advt.

PRESHNTATION TO THE VICAR OF ST. JAMES'.

On Wednesday evening the Rev. F. E. Powell, vicar of St. James'. Latchford, and the late vicar of St. Chad's. Over, was made the recipient of valu- able presentations from the members of his former church and cougregation. A large social gathering was field in the Winsford Town Hall, over which Mr. J. 11. Cooke presided. Several addresses were made, in which the abilities of the rev, gentleman were flanged. The gifts took the form of a purse of gold, and an album of local views, an illuminated address, and an article of furniture. The rev.gentle- man sincerely thanked his numerous friends of Winsford for their kindly consideration of his labour t in their parish.

("FAMOUS WINTER 80078 At SCALBS AND SONS, 83, Bridge-strest, Warri neon. —Ad t,

TH-E RECENT FIRE.

The Proprietors of the Royal Oak Soap Works are pleased to intimate tat the recent rumour of a fire having occurred on their premises is absolutely an- founde I and that n 3 obitruciion whatever has been experienced by them. nay take this opportunity of informing the publin generally that, they are pre- senting free to their suppirters a tablet of their newly introduced Brit.,,nniti Herb Slap for every six coupons, on, of wh ch is enclosed with each plund of the Royal Oak Soap and the Giant Oak Carbolic Soap. Ciupons exchanged for the Herb Tablets by M Bowden and Sons, and W Monks, Sankey-street, W Monks, Bridge-street, W Be6wick, Pricey and Duckworth, and Cooper and Oottapany Butt ..-trularket-street, He try Milling and Co. Ltd T and W Woods, Horsernarket-street, Liverpool House and tt: J Knowles, Winwick-stt act, and other IVarriagton grozers.— Advt.

ASK ,'cr CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WAT4iii. —Advt. POOll CHILDREN'S CHRISTMAS TREE AND ENTERTAINMENT. _ _

The Mayoress ici;ela-eci—o;;;;;iiii meeting of the committee of the above on Wednesday afternoon. The reports of the bun secretary and trea-urer were given, and showed that about .£3O had been sub- scribed. It was reqolved that the proceedings com- mence at 6 o'clock, and that the Mayor and Mayoress be asked to open the proceedings, and I superintend the distribution of toys 80. Resolved that the age of children be from 6 to 12 and that only the poorest children be invited. The enter- tainment programme was left in the hands of Mrs James and Mrs John Fairclough, and the Hon. Secretary; and the musicsl prlgramme in the hands of Mrs Pendlebury, Misses Shaw Green, and Misses Wright. Tne committee request that intending subscribers should forward their donations at once so that the flied may be closed not later than Saturday the 7th January. Mr. Alfred Grounds has kindly promised to give his services to the com- mittee. A number of ciildr.n will be admitted to seats on the orchestra if dressed in fancy cos' urnea. Ticket> tor these may be had from the ercrecary. " /ANNUM COVIPOUND " for Ceugi4l and Colds, alt ya irritatiun. Diva' immediate relief.— Advt. MAGISTRATES AND THE YoLICEI COURT MISSION.

The Rev. J. Hirst, the recrt-ila-ry, has forwarded to us the following appreciative testimony as to the value of the Work of the Pollee Court and Prison Gate Mission, which he has received for publica- tion :—" Culcheth Hall, near Warrington, 16th December, 1898. Deal" Mr. Hirst,-1t is a great pleasure to nie to bear testimony ot the cosd work uonis by Mr. Taylor, police court missionary at War- rington, and the tact and kindness with which he carries it out. I know that the cases put into his hands from the county b-nch have nearly silt urnecl out weil.—(44ned), Tiros. e. Vr/THINGTON, J P. for aunty of Lancaster." " dolly br:dze, Warrington, December 2nd. 1898. Dear sir,—l have been deeply interested in the perusal of your annual report,and enclose subscription to your Prison Gate Mission. Every succding year as it passes increasingly convince me of the great value of your efforts to the well-being of toe community at large. Taking an acive part in the work of our local Police Court, I have continusd opportunities (,f seeing the practical usefulness of One of your exce.lent mis- sionaries. And as tie administrators of justice are bezinning to see t»ttt their duties may cornpriso more than the mere punishment cf evil doers, the preventive influence of your mission, especially with first offender., will be seen to be most, valu- able.—Sincerely yours, T. BIRCHALL, J.P."

LEGa_ STREET PRINUTIVE NIECEIODISr cluen.

Special gervices w-re held in the at;cr,e place of wor- ship on ChiAmarr Dry. The Rev. C. Frueh prescl.el a pow ertut a mon in th, mon.ing before a large congre- gation. In the everrinq selectisns fr ,m the. ••• Messiah were endereci hy the Ctoao4 choir ; Mr. A. Spruce, Mr. J. Corrin, Misa Shaw, accl ikas CCon were the totuis‘S, and took their respec:icre parts in a oreoi able manner. The Organic (Mr Fred Purimorrr) tffic a:eii at. the organ, ad the Choirmaqtr (Mn. A. Sprue.) dhcaarged his duty i an efii.,ieer, manner. Altogrrch.r • Cr' s trvices were a solendid succearr, and rho Chic 19 tO h oomph- write (n tie maFitcr:y wey in a h,ch tre.v rendered the " Rallelujch " Charm., whien piece bradith:: tee ceearn; service ( 0 a cone.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

The vier Y'c:Ni at Chris- ul-,vrch and at th • ",',!•,leyati C.,Apel, were of aso i 1 char ic'er, alipr ,vr a e h.f o.!nahion, en Surklay. Authezr,s were tiong b, • h.•• ze- p cive choirs, and iu the at ternoon a cif ot s .rviceWaS COtidUCted in tue chuich by the Vicar, the Rec. J. J. Laaghatn. ' KEEP Y ,un FEET dry by wearing The "SCALES" BOOT:3, 83. Bridge strett, Warrington.- tdrt. A9lt. tdS MINERAL %VAT ERB.--41rt

===== 0002601_18981230_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
TUT FANTODS L. AND TAWNY FLAK?. TOBACCO.

TII SWAUEST AND COOLEiT zz..M.OKa

Os .EAUTIi,

UI loz.IdND 20z. FOIL. 4d PER OZ TO BE OBTAINED PROII J. BESWICK, .1"; it BORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NE WS.

FRUITING IN EASI! AFRICA. SEVERE LOSSES OF INDIAN TROOPS. COMMANDING OFFICER WOUNDED. CALCUTTA 'THURSDAY.

According to news from British East Air;ca:;;---1;;;ty of 30 men of the 27tu Biluchis, under Lleut. J. A. liannynton, while marching to Mtsincli, was a tt icked by a nunitaF:r of rebels on the 10th of October lest. A jun-War and 12 men were killed, and nine wounded. Lieutenant Elannyntou was severely woun:le i, a bullet having passtd through Lis upper Light arm, and his left Iliad being shattered. The rearguard repulied the enemy, and ecnvoyed the wounded ta Kisaliza, 14 miles oistaut, wain was held by a company ot Baluchis. The enemy lost 100, but captured several rifles and some baggage. They after- wards attacked litsaliz I, nut were repulsed with the loss of 25, the casualtiEs on the Br.tista side being two men wounded. Extra troops have been chspatohed to follow the rebels.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS FIRES AND BURNING FATALITIES.

Damage to toe extent of -eger4i th turands of pounds was done by fire yesterday at Mews, Duff Brothers' mill at Cosgu, Tyraoe. fae filmes illuminated the district fr severat in lei round. A large block was saved from de,t.uc7,iou, and toe fire ws conned '0 the preparing room. the viil4:.e-s were size i with panic, and several home; were ckared of furniture, as at one tune there Witt ereat danger of their Oe3truction, A gnat number of hands WO be thrown out of employ- ment.

By a fire at a residence at B xvs water, L )ndan,yeste:- day atternoou, three c Idren were b.zrar, to death. A woman was burned to death in a fire in Queen'. Square, Blo)rimbary, I.3ndon, yesterday afterno,n.

-A fir oxurred at :loon 37..!st.e.rday at Laogehorne-st., St. George's io-tn, -Etat, L AkJoa, as a re,ult of which on. child was horned to deat i and another was seriously injured. _

...fen thousand ppunis dsmage was done by a fire at Fielding aud Plated Adis Ironworks, Glouctiver, yester. day nrraing. Tile fire brigades sucaeeded in confining the filmes to on portical ot tire premises, and there will be no stoppage of

- - Fanny Morgan died yesterday at Chepstow, on her 12th bir:hdav, as the result of terrible burns sustained on Wednesday night through her dress catching lire. She hal returned from a dress rehearsal of a children's con.. nett, and her clothes were enveloped ia cotton wool. PHENOL-I NA.VAT, PROJECTS, SIXIY-TEIREE NEW VESSELS. PARIS, TIII7RSDAY. _ _ _

Fr the navel budget of 1839 Parliamen;willbe-a-sll-4;cl to vot 391Aniiijn tranc;. of whilti 121 million will be expended in the construdisu of 63 veskle which have already been begun. Twenty-eight vessel 3 will be started in the new year, and it is expnted that 38 ves3els be put into commission, including one battle-. ship, one armoured cruisn., three crliser3, eight des- troyera, oio subinerine and 21 torpedo boats.

SINGULAR PREMoNITION OF DEATH.

At Railcard an iriguest wai held yesterday afternoort- on the body of a Lnau namd Critchley, of Leek. Yorker* day, when approAchiug Itudyard railway station.he said "I am going to di-i.lnvite all my friends to the funeral." and imm3diateiy afterwards fell down detd. The de* cessed was on his way to make funeral arrangements for a daughter who had died su Mealy on Tuesday. A ver- dict of death from natural etuses was returned.

LA.TEST LOCAL WEATIISR. FORECAST. Tte weither report for the Itltrth-west of E 'gland up tl noon to- lay it as fo I)ws —Easterly wiads, strong; dull; rain at times.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 0.. D SHOP.

THE OLD SHOP: SKEuros,s LIMITED, HO ENI ARK ST-S P., Is THE 13ES r saoe FOR PRETTY DOLLS, LATEST GAMES, CHOICEST TOYS, TOY HORSES, LADIES' COMPANIONS,

GENTS' CASES,

POCKET KNIVES, CUTLERY, &c., ALL SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS.

ILK BUSIKTISS In Manchester selling 353 Gallon, weekly. and Including horse floats, all shop fixtures and utensils (good house and shop 12s 63 per week clear); every investlgationtowner leaving atanchester,Elso.No agent need apply.—Address 55, QUEEN-STREET, Morecambe. 000.—The best and most stylish Gent's Boot will send to any address for 74. 6,1. Kid PI, Leather lined, welt stitched, machine sewn. Sizes, 800 rs. 6 to 10.

_ Aiiio smart Ladies' Boot, 71. 64. Sizes, 2 to?. If not spprored, money retarnsd. See testi- moutai s.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS.

WALKIia INGHAM. Boot Minufacturer. 81, Atyluin-street, Leicester.

40 317IHRL UPRIGHT GRAND PILHO. Cheap,' h,nrlsorne inlaid walnut case, complete, meta frame, overstrung, trichordathroughout, repetition, over damper check action; full compass ; ivory keys bushed by one of the best London and Derlm makers whose ten year warranty will be Landed over with it; will be sold a bargain or muhange for furniture. Ict-55, BEWSEY-STREUT, War- lington.

CHILDREN'S

===== 0002601_18981230_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
EIR liT IEAS TREE

AND ENTERTAINMENT, UNDER THE PATE:UE.IOn CT TUN MAYOR, AND NIAYORES3._

- LIDI its' COMEITTEE :—Mesdames .Tames Fatrelough. Willis. IL Roberts. John Pairelough, J. 1,. Whittle, Gibson, 3. B. Issue. Byrne, Talbot, Longdin. Bdelsten, Reed, Pendlebury, Ferguson. Drummond, A. Brown, Geary, the Misses Wr;ght, Miss Bessie Dutton, the Minn Shaw Green. -.....-

DONITiONd to the FUND itre ItHQUECSVHD,

And-nT;Y-b-3 paid to any of the Cornroiite-e or to Air. W. H. J Jenkins, Bank Chambers,Hon. Treasurer, or Mr. Henry Taylor, 188. Longtord-street. Non. tiee.

. ROBERT LOW E,

ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTA NT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, eg o announce that he has removed lata OfEces to tho mo convenient praraiser

- NO- 1, BANK STREET, The Ciround Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

AN ENTERPRIS[Nti LOOM:, TRADESMAN.

Many readers cf she " Examiner will pr,)bably have some acquaintance wish the small, bet by no means in- ii4nificant establishintnt a Mr. J. P. Jennings, High, aasts Bespoke Boot sal Shoe Make,. 123, Sankey-streets which has been hr. uzht faronnow.t yto the front by reason oi rill firm's onigimrand cffe_itive advertisement of a sly " W;ar rtsistiog sc,ll " tied for all be- spoke orders and repeiri. They are cut from but Engr- ain leatCer only, ants cm be confikatly rec.surnmended to r.ll rn( a tvhote start- avocat,oa necessitates their ac- con-TIM/el:I a groat amoun,. or waskrog. A novel feature in tins business is lilt firm's eyitern O collecing and (whit-Tin rCp.iS, Sz3., free of all ex r t charges, to the great coi.venienco owl evident appeecilt;on of their nulmerouls pttrottif in town and c( unity. As a tribute to the firies meteort h.ness, Mn. n•unes has b3eu sped- aiiy oqu-,t or io takethe prco.i, S 7. Mancheater-road, opposite Sh ol Bros, a reques:', lie has acceded to. and purl:Kiva op, izig the lee branch about the middle et 'December, where all ord-is will receive same prompt girl careful att °alum as ist the Sankey-street shop. At- tention is drawn to a special I,ne in the bespoke de parttnent,—a gentleman's lace or button walkisag boo ha ndsewn, macre to metsure at 193. 61. Tbe prelomi- nent features in these boos are claral3,l.ty, c3nalort,and sty le,—Acivt.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
..•

===== 0002601_18981230_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MINIM

===== 0002601_18981230_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.44•• e e

===== 0002601_18981230_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18981230_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18981230_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH YOUR. ATTENTION.

Every perm's future is to a certain extent in his own hand. Many a future which might have been bril- iant has been darkened by lack of timely preparation to meet the exigencies and changes which occur in every day life. Many a h)me which might have been glad- dened by life an I health, and comfort,has been saddened by poverty, illness, and death, in many Cases whilly preventable. There are, ind.ed, few that d 3 not feel the system needs recruiting after the trcing feeling of lassitude, with ot Ives, "ntqiite up to the mark," "a sort of all over slaking feeling," " too weak to da any- thing ahout the house," " thse recurring headaches," "no appetite for my food," etc. These, and a dozen others, are common expressions which all point to the urgent need of Elottle good tonic mi xture, a reliable me- dicine'of established reputation and of proved virtue. There are several tonic mixtures to be had, but non. which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters; it has never be.n known to fail. It's always the same, there can b 3 no mistake about it. Th. careful preparation and a manipulation of manufacture under the most stringent rules, assures _ _ . _

the certainty that Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the - Vegetable Tunic, is always efficacious and genuinely successful in all eases of Indigest,con,Weakness,Nervow- nesa, Low Spirits, SleeplessneFs, Dyspepsia, Liver Com- plaints, Nauralgia and Influerza. We claim that Gwilym Evans's Quinine Bitters is a General Benefactor of Suf- fering Humanity. Hundre 14 of testimanials prove this, coming from all classes of the community. Pain is no respector of parsons, be advised, try Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters,a sovereign remedy for various ailments, for rich and poor alike. When you buy Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, you get what you think you get, abso- lutely the Tonic of Natures own providing, comprised of the beneficient properties contained in Sarsaparilla, Saffron, G?ntian, Burdock, Lavender, and Dandelion in addition to Quinine. It is not so much what you pay for a thing, bit what 3rou get for what you pay. Don't listen to the "Juit as good" argument, there is no Tonic " Algt as good" as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it stands supreme. To prevent disappointment, pbove all things see that you get the right artiee, with the nama " Gw:lym Evans "on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine. Sold everywhere in, bottles 2s. 91. and 45.6 i. each, but should any difficulty be ex- perienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it will bo forwarded carriage free, for the above prices, by the Sole Proprietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufac- ' turing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. OWIL/11 EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. FRIDAY —Before the Mayor (chairman)Alderman Roberta Councillor Sm.thurst and Dr. Gomall

ReBBERrEN AT BANE QUAY STATION —William Baker was charged with stealing from a brake van at Bank Quay Station last night a blue pilot overcoat the property ef the London and North Western Railway Company.—Detective Howell said there was other property recovered by the police after the defendant's arrest and be would therefore ask for a re- mand for a week to investigate the matter. Prisoner was employed by the Company as a lamp lighten—Detective Roper gave evidence of the arre‘t of prisoner at 4 o'clock on Thursday.—The bench granted a remand for a week. "DRUMMED FROM THE AMMY."— Jain William Travis was ``.

charged on a warrant wth committing damag to windows on December 20th to the amount of 7s.—Defendant pleaded guilty. -Mrs Travis, prisoner's mother said he broke the win dows to get in her house —The Chief Constable said it was a very bad case indeed Prisoner had been 12 times before the magistrates for assaulting his fathe- and mother and stealing their goods from the house etc. Prisoner had been in two or three regiments and been drummed out of them all The Bench committed him to gaol for one month with hard labour. - -

AN UNCLEANLY SLAUGHTER HOlTSE.—Walter Shaw, butcher, Orfcrd-tane, was suoarnonei far breaches of the Warrington bye-laws, by unlawfully failing to wash the - Walls of the slaughter house, and also with neglecting to remove certain refuse within the required time —lnspector Borman stated that the defendant kept premises at 104, Orford-'sne. Since the defendant had been the owner he , had frequently had cause to complain about its filthy and neglected condition. The premises were visited by the Melt ca 1 Officer and Mr. Powell. The walls were splashed with blood, and had not been washed, and the refuse had not been removed. The detendaat said, he • was the owner of the slaughter house but did not nee it -He sub-let it to ethers, and they neglected to keep it clean. • He had decided to give it up altogether.—Dr. ornall said , they bed had great difficulty with the defendant, and with their somewhat small staff it was quite impossible to keep a survey over every possible nuisance in Warrington. It was a pure accident that he visited the house on Tuesday.—The Bench imposed a fine of lOs and costs in each case, 32s in all. AN UNHAPPY MARRIAGE.—John Cullan. 14, Blue Coat- street, was summ.ned on a charge of assaulting his wife Emma Cullen on the 12th lost —The complainant, who had been married to the defendant for only nine months stated that on the date named her husband came home drunk and asked her to get him a pair of clogs. She toll him she was unable to do so, and he then got hold of her by the neck and struck her. She went out as she was frplatened of him, and when she returned the following day he struck her and put her on the floor with her chili.—The defeudant denied striking her. He was bound over to keep the peace for six months in his own recognizanees of £5, and ordered to pay the costs.

SITUBDAY.— Bator.° Mr. L Gnddea.(chairman). and Messrs.

B. T. Fairclough. Biretall and Hayward.

"Att Or; -.B.a.;l3.."—B"lizabeth Ellen Fell. last ,rtma Wigan. pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly in Sankey-st. the previous night.—P.C. fduskett proved the case. -The Chief Constable described her as an old hind.—The Bauch committed her to prison for seven days.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (its the chair) Alderman Blackhurst, Councillor Smethurst, and Messrs. direhall and Hayward. CHRISTMAS BENEFITS.—MiehaeI Towey was summoned for being drunk and diserderly in Scotland-road on Saturday afternoon. P.C. Whittaher said defendant had been ejected from a lodging house for using bad language. - Witness ad- vised him to go home but he threatened what he would do to the first man who came to him, so witness took him to the Police Station.—The Bench discharged him as it was Christ- mas time.—William Hardy was charged with the same offence in Irlam-street at one o'clock on Sunday morning. Sergeant Williamson sal I the defendant came to the Police Station and wanted to stay there.—The Bench discharged him also. STRIPPING THE RIVER BRlDGE.—Michael Birmingham, Old-road, Latchford was ch,rged with stealing from the iron bridge. Arpley, at a quarter past two on Sunday morning two pieces of timber valued at ie.—Defendant pleaded guilty. P.C. Monks said when in company with PC. Hesp he saw prisoner with the timber in his possession. Witnes asked him where he had got them and he replied he had got them from the bottling works. They examined the bridge and found pieces of timber were missing. so they took prisoner to the Police Station.—The Chief Constabl, said the Bridge would be rendered unsafe by people taking timber away from it. Detective Howell said he examined the bridge yesterday and found that no lens than 24 pieces of timber were missing.— The Chairman said the case was rather a serious one and he would have to go to gaol for a month. AsENT FRoM ate Belly was charged with absenting himself from the Ist Battalion South Lanca- shire Regiment since the 22nd inst.—The magistrates re- manded him to Strangeways. THREE MONTHS FOR DEsnanon.—Stephen COMM! WAS charged with running away from the borough on the 25th January leaving four children chargeable to the common funds of the Union.—Mr. B. Shearer s ild the children were ad- mitted to the Workhouse on the 25th lanuary, and a warrant was taken out for the defendant's apprehension, but they were not successful in executing it until Saturday last when he was arrested at Bolton. 'The children had opt the Union £4s.—Defendant said he had work to go to the following morning and would take tbe children out of the workhouse and contribute to their mu intenanee.—The Chief Constable said the man had given great trouble in the execution of the warrant. He had been helots the court 20 times. The bench sent defendant to gaol for 3 months with hard labour.

TUESDAL—Before Mr. T. Birchall (chairman) and Coun- cillor Shaw Green.

A DRUNKEN PAUPER —Martin Connolly was charged with absconding from the Warrington Union Workhouse the previ- ous night, and taking with him clothing, the property of the Guar lians.—lie pleaded guilty.-51r, Fernside. porter at the Workbouse, stated that the prisoner absconded some time during the previous night. 51eniust have got over the wall. The prisoner admittell hav:ng got over the wall, and said he was drunk at the time. —P.C. Whittaker said the prisoner was found at Longford Gas Works that morning under the influence of drink.—The Chairman How was it that the man got drunk at the Workhouse ? Fernside :—The drink must have been given to him over the wall.—The Chairman : It is mistaken kindness.—Detective Superin- tencent Monaghan said the prisoner was a loafer and would not work. He had been convicted for theft and other offences at that Court.—The prisoner If I can get work I am willing to work.—The Chairman: You are cemmitted to prison for 14 days hard labour.

DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS. I:MI/Mt—Before Mr. J. C. Parr (chairman). Messrs. W Long Broadhurst. White. Talbot, and Captain Rod zer. SWINE FEVER ssi LITTLE LElGH—Alfred Jeffs. of Little Leigh, was summoned tor havinv, in his possession on the 17th November, a pig suffering from swine fever, without having reported it to the police. Defendant pleaded net guilty. An Milner stated thlt he visited defendant's farm. and saw a pig which was very thin, and could scarcely walk. The Medical Officer reported the pig to be suffering from swine fever, snd the report was confirmed by the Board of Agriculture.—The Bench fined defendant lOs and costs. UNLIGHTED VEHICLES —John Bowner, farmer, was fined 53 for not carrying a light attached to his cart, at Stratton, on the 28th November, at 5-20 P m —For similar offences, Joshua Hussey was fined is ; William Cooper, 5s ; James Simpson, 2s 6d ; and James Briers be. LICENSING —William Ostler, Cat and Lion Hotel, Stretton, applied for an extension of two hours on the 10th January, tlie occasion being the Appleton Hall rent dinner.—The magistrates granted the application.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS. THCBSDAY.—Before Messrs. T. J. Gillespie (chairman), Robert Stone, C. B. F. Borron, and S. S. Brown. THE" D " LIST.—The following were fined for being drunk and disorderly :—Daniel Carlin, and William Hould- ing, Newton. 26th Novembe^ 25 6d and costs each ; Ralph itoold, Newton, 17th November, 54 and costs ; Thomas Fay, Newton, 23rd December,23 61 and costs ; John Havey, Hay- dock, 10th December, 'ss and costs; William Pennington, Ilaydock. 17th December, 2s 6d and costs ; James Mover. Newton, Deeernber2eith,2s 63 and costs. The following were fined for being drunk :—Martin Daly, Newton' 22nd Decem- ber, 23 6d and costs ; Benj smin Hewitt. Newton, 12th December. 2s 6d and costs. MISCELLANEoIIS OFFS:WEL—John Mitchell, Newton, drunk in charge, 19th December, fined Sc and costs ; John Lomas. Newton, for allowing his horse to stray on sth December, fined Is and costs ; George Howarth. Newton, for . unlighted vehiele fined ls including costs. The following were fined for having dogs at large :—William &nders, New- ton. 3s 6d including costs.—The Chairman remarked to the defendant they regretted they were obliged to carry out that idiotic law. Richard GrifEl 1,1-Aster D AVieS. Joseph Goulden, and Charles Davies were ad fined similarly for the same offence; Sarah Hayes and Hlizsbeth Hill were bound over for a breach of the pease at Golborne on December 17th ; William George Kay was fined 2s 6d and costs for driving without a light at Heydoek on December 20th, and Frederick Higson was fined 103 and costs for furious driving at Haydock on December 16th. Scareat, ATTENDANCE.--°Arab Jane Shenton was sum- moned for not sendinc ter children ROSIIIt and nary regu- larly to sehool.—Rvidence was given that the'dsfenduit had teen summoned to appear before the School Committee but , she had not done so. The ahildren had rnsde about 21 attend- ances out of a possiele 100. The Bench fined defendant Sc and costs. ALTERATIONS TO LICENSED HOLTSES.—Mr. H. 3. Longton, solicitor, applied on behalf of Messrs. Greenall Whitley and Co. St. Helen.. for permission for his clieuts to make alter& Lions to the "Wagon and Horses" Hotel, Haydoek. They purpose i improving the house by making various internal -alterations. The house fronted the football ground at H av- dock, and they wished to enlarge tne bar fronting the grounds. They also meant to spend money in renewing the flooring. Mr. Longton also submitted plans for alterations at 'he "Legh Arms" Hotel Goborne, which would mean the addition of a lavatory at the back and the closing of a back door entirely.—The police had no objections to the applies. tions, and both were granted. AN APPLICATION RFFED.ED.—Edward Roge. s .pplied for an extension of three hours at the •• Lech Arms " Claiborne on the 11th Jan nary on the occasion of the Buffeloe Lodge ball .—F ergeant Brassington said they had never bad the dance at the" Legh Arms" before.—The applicant said the lodge was attached to the house that was why they wantei the room there.—The Chairman said the bench certainly did not iv', roee of that sort of thing in public-houses and thoughtm, better for them to hold their dance in some other room, H applieati on was refused.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN.

Should send two stamps for our NRW BOOK containing V Liable information to Ladies,how all Irregularities may b entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means. Recommended by eminent physicians as the only Satl4 Sure, and genuine Remedy. "Never Fails." Thousands of Testimonials.—Mr. W. R. BLANCHARD, Claremont Rouse, Forest-road, Dalston, London.

AsFOR,THE,ELOOII,IS,THE,LIEE': I CLARKE'S • WORLI37FAMED

===== 0002601_18981230_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

'

===== 0002601_18981230_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETT SESSION 3.

TITESDLY.—Bef—oi:e iesors3ll SperOcman (chairman), and A.

- . R. Norcnan.

THKFT OF rILOTHING Im Franklin, an old man.' of no fix d abode, was brought up en remand charged With stealing two shirts and a quantity of other clothing valued 14s from a house in Percival-lane. on the 24th December, the goods of Charles 00xon.—Slizsbeth Cozen, daughter of the prosecutor, said on Saturday morning, she went to do some shopping leaving some freshly washed clothes on a chair in the kitchen. After an absence of ten minutes she returned and discovered the articles (produced) had been stolen. She gave information to the police —William Henry Roberts, seaman. on the "Elizabeth Drew," (then lying in the Ship Canal), said he met the prisoner on the °Anal side on Saturday morn- ing. and at the prisoner's reque.t. he purchased the bundle of clothing from him fo• 21.—P.0. Upton. Runcorn, said he lived near the prosecutor's honse.—He was informed of) the robbery at about one o'clock. He traced the prisoner to the docks and he found tliat he had been offering stuff for sale He also ascertained that Roberts had purchased the clothing from the prisoner. He then circu- lated a description of the,prisoner amongst the other con- stables on duty, with the result that P.C. Fry came across the prisoner near the Rsilway Station and detained him until he was identified by Roberts. Witness charged him with the off sacs and he replied " Yes it is all riOt. I took them out of the room." The prisoner, who pleaded guilty, said he was an American and cams to England od a steam- boat from Charlestown. After being paid off, he had been drinking heavily in London, Garston. end Runcorn, and con- senoently had got astray —ln reply to the Bench, Inspector Hicks stated that the prison& first told him that he came from Newfoun Sand, then from Old Virginia, and further that he was a ship's carpenter; The prisoner had, however, no discharges or anything else upon him, He was without shoes upon his feet He dld not, know where he had leaded from. —The prisoner was sentenced to a month's hard lzboar. —This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
toLOOO mixTueE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to Aight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend It o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to eteanse the blood from all impurities, from Thatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blooel Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and ftheuraatic Pains, for it removes the cause fram the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Us. each of all Chemists. Salt for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless imitations.

When asking for Cpcoa, Insist on hwitag Capacrreys--aold only inPackets and Tins as other Cocoas are often subiti. uted for the sake of extra proflt,Adyt (1)

Helens, SiMall hitting the upright with each kick. Briers scered, no goal resulting. Score—R. Helens, 9 points ;Tyldesley, 5 points. OLDHAM v. ROCHDALE HORNET'S.

There were 20,000 people present to watco this match at Oldham, whose team pressed almost continuously, winning eventually by two goals and six tries (twenty- two points) to none. BROUGH CON RANGERS v. SWINTON.

At Broughton, in the presence of 20,000 people,a very tough contest was fought, the Rangers eventually win- ning by three goals two tries (twelve points) to three tries (nine points). WIGAN v. SALFORD.

Salford were the stronger side in this match at Wigan, and first scored through Heath. William quickly fol- lowing with another try. Winstanley kicked a goal for Wigan prier to th, interval, and Hilton secured a try for them later. Pe tram added another try for Salford, and as Williams waa twice sucmasful with the place-kick Salford won by two goals and throo tries to one goal and one try.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1828.

RUGBY FOOTBALL

A N increasingly popular !form of recreation for the long winter evenings is that provided by Gymnastic Clubs. Such Institutions are rapidly multiplying. One of the 'cast- ing manufacturers of Gymnastic Apparatus is the time, GEO. G. Soccer a CO.. Lo-don, Contractors to the War Offi33. Admiralty, India Office, London County Council, Bcci. Ask the local Sports Dealer for G. G.. 8. IG Co.'s Catalogue. I not promrable. apply at 35 & 38, Q seen Victoria Street' London. Factories—Peckham, Loudon; and Elmswell Suffolk.—Advt. (3).

===== 0002601_18981230_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. LANCASHIRE SENIOR. COMPETITION.

SATURDAY'S M BROUGHTON RINGERS v. RUNCORN. _ _

The was the first of an important list of holiday fix- tures at Wheater's Fieli, and in view of the recent im- provement in the &mama team's form and the fact that the side was strengthened by the inclusion of But- terworth and Faulkaer, who turned out for toe first tirn ttll9 get9o,l, there was every prosp ct of a well- .conteste i game. Messenger, will had sustained an in- jury while practising earlier in the week, was able to play, an I both sides were therefore th irouehly repre- eentative. Steel started play in, tee presenee of about 5,000 spectators, and fait pl-ay marked the (opaline pen- ceedinge. The game had only been in progress ten minutes when an infringement of the rules on the part of the viaitors enabled Chapman to drop a splendid goal. This advantage, however, was mot long retained, as from the restart the visitors laved the herne half, and Jolley securing from a scrummage equalised. The visitors two or three times threatened danger, and were ' playing quite as well as their opponents, Hacking being celled upon to clear his lines, but eventually good work by Moesenger, Chapman, and Le via enabled the B-ough- tonians o cross the hal'-w ay line and the visitor. b (lug again penaised Chapman once m ore gave his side the lead by placing a neat goal, quarter-time arriving with the acme : Broughton Rangers, 2 goals ; Runceen' 1 goal. Good passing by the visiting backs, in which Butter- worth and Wilkinaon were prnminent,es,ve the horn' de- fence some troyble,and Wilkinson making his mark near the centre, the ball was place I for Hough'on, whose at- te npt, however, did not go anywhere near the desired goal. Scrambling rely s.icc,.e led, marks by fleaghten and Barratt gal sing little ground for either sun. Toe homesters made an incursion into the Runcorn half, and Faulkner kteked into touch. Play then travelled towards the visitors' goal, and Deakin wa a'mnst over. Then Chapman was hurt, but :weedily rec evered, and Mes- senger initated a bout of pessin.e, the ball going first to Nelson and tem. to Jackson' who was, however, pushed into touch, Jackson made his mark in what appeared to be a favourable poslion, and the ball was once more , , placed for Chapman, whose kick. however, went very wide of the mark. Ward-r r•turned,and jueicious play by Nelson, Chenman, and flecking, enabled the home- stein to carry on effensive tactics until a forward rush by the Runcorn forwards effected a transfe,ence, and 1 IChapman being tackled with the ball in his possession 1 the home defence was severely taxed. M eseneer kicked' into touch. but when hae-time was called Runcorn were still pressing. Half-time scote Brauehtoe Rangers, 2 goals ; Runcorn, 1. goal. • Farener resumed operations, and Steel faeline to gather, the smart following up by the Runcorn for- wards enabled them to immediately gain a fotehold in the hems 25. Neelon relieved with a short run and kick, but Houghton prevented them from obtaining any, Material relief. Hacking made his mark on the line,the ball going into touch from the succeeding kirk, and although Faulkner attsmpted a dodgy run, he was suc- Istestfuey grassed. A good kick by Nelson saw the visi- tete' lines in daneer, S-e being unable to complete the movement, and Lewis perahed Wilkinson into touch when the latter looked like getting awar. The visitors, however, quickly found their way to the horn eed, and a scrummage right under the pests looked ominous for the horn-eters. Messenger kicked away, but Houghton was promptly in (evidence with a fine run along touch, and kicking across, forced Lewis to touch down. Lewis and Barrett in turn were injured threueh encounters with Darlington, whose style of tackling met wide very unfavourable comments on the part of the crowd. The visitors continued to press strongly, witbout being able to penetrate the home defeuce, and severe! !scrimmages were • fought in the borne 25, the honiestere being unable to clear. Touch was found several times, but much too near home, and although Charenan and Stickney in turn male their mark, no relierwas afforded. A free kick in a nice position gave Farmer a grand chance of equalising, but the ball landed just under the bar, much to the relief of the home players and supporters Three-quarter time score Broughton Rangers, 2 goals ; Runcorn, 1. Eventually: after the home lines had again been several times in *- nerdy, a nice dribble enabled the home side to cross the centre line, but the visitors soon r turned. and good work by Nelson and Chapman and Jackson for ad them back again. -Messenger opened out to Barrett, but Lewie knocked on. Cnapman was loudly applauoel for a grand catch at centre, but was brought dawn before coming daneereous. Nelson and Messenger in turn, attempted to open out to their three-quarters wthout success, although Jackson, taking a fine pass from the first-mentioned, made a strenuous effort no get over Jones and Houghton, bewever,proving to many for him. Steel and Lewis got in each other's way in ainanapting to gall:a T the ball, with the resnit that neither secured it, and Jolley got possession. Off-sideplay by Lazonby again threatened daseer to his side, but the ball went dead from an ineffectual drop at pal by Ailey. The visitors continual to force the attack, but play was not of a very high order, and the home defence was very sound. Several fruitless marks by Hacking, Chapman, and Butterworth marked the closing features of the genie. the end of a tight match being a narrow win for the Rangers Broughton Rangers 2 goals, four points, Runcorn 1 goal, two points. WIDNES v. ROCHDALE HORNETS. At Widnes, on Saturday, before 2,000 epeetatere. The Hornets brought the strongest team, but Widnes were still disorganised. Brennan, Repass, linenp, and Aspey were absent. Johnson started for Widnes, and after desultory play at midfield Fie'd got going at the home quarters, but Bown stopped his career, and Martin regained lost ground witd a run and a kick to touch. Widnes attacked, Baty and Nsvitt putting in omen work, but the [fermatas cl•aerd, and dashing play be Kruger, Davies, and Every looked like scoring, but Baty and Bown spoiled their ealculatione. A moment later, however, Davies received from Kruger, and running stronelv was tackled nn the line by B sty, but he passed to Every, who slipped over, and Rigg planed a goal. Widnes now roused themselves, and Down threw to Martin, who ran splendidly to the line, where he WSO tackled by Davies. Widnes continued the pressure, leaving very keenly. Widnes were at length rewarded, Martin and Brown ran splenii ily. and ecrurnmeging ensued on ties line. The Hornets were penalised, Baty placed a goal. Restarting, Travis ticked down, and Martin dribeled 0 the line, but the Hornets defended strongly, and a smart dribble by Field transferred to the home quarter. A free kick by Hunt relieved the pressure, and Widnes were soon back in the Hornets' quarters, Baty forcing a minor. Field dribbled to. the home • quarter, and Every, who received from Davies. wee almost/over at the corner, Brown tackling him. Soon, however, the Hornets' sterling play proved successful. Henderson passed to Field, and the latter gave to Whitoman, who raced in madly et the corner, Rigg failing to add the extra points. Widnes cams down strongly, and Bown threw to Martin, who ran brilliantly, but failed to nags Rieg on the line. Flown scored at the corner. Half- time score : Rocedile Hornets, one goal two tries • Widnes, one goal one try. Rochdale Hornets restarted', and Widnes at ones became aggressive. Baty ran and kicked etronely, but Wag marked and returnee to mid- field. The Hornets gradually forged . ahead, but Baty's kicking powers were brought into play, and Rieg mule- ine, a scrimmage ensued, whence Douglas dribbled to the line, and Sewn fell on the ball, but Rigg kicked the ball away as he was grounding. 11l luck pursued Widnes. Fine passing by Murphy, Douglas, and Sown landed to Martin, who got in. but the r.feree decided that it was a touch in goal. Widnes attacked resolutely after the kick out, and Bats' had hard lines for a penalty goal. The viaitore now go` to the home quarter for the first time this half, and Every was tackled on the line by Baty. Hend.reen was injured, but soon resumed. A penalty kirk by Baty returned to the Horneed half, where Field was tacleei by Peacock before he could get away. Rile, ran very smartly. Rochda,e Hornets, 8 p;ints ; Widnes 5 Drente. SALFORD v. ST. HELENS. •

At Salfor 3, b.fore 5,000 neoplA. Salford had the hest of matters, and Sharps fir: orel, Winiama kicking a goal. Foulkes droppod a goal for the visitors, and at half-timo Salford lei by 5 points to 2. Early in the second half Heath scored an unhnprore I try for Salford. Williams Ent over again, and a goal was kicked. Resalt—Salford 13 points ; S. Flelooq, 2 ry,int3. SWINTON v. LEIGH. • •

Swinton wag the scene of this match. wh;c'a thP home team won by two c.,nals, ani three tries to nil. Lewie, Valentine, and Hampson, ecored the points for the winners.

TYLDESLEY v. WIGAN.

- ------- - 80% the ab 4vi clib. whl me, at Tylcimin were v(Arr Pvnv match.d, and as nAithPr eidc. could claim any definite adolntavt, tha result 'MRS a vointless draw.

-STOCkPbRT_v. OLDHAM.

Oldham, wii.4.--vi—mited St,,ekport, were much too strong for the local tam, and reurned trans the win- ners by four golla and seven tries to nil. Davies (three), Lawton (two), and Martin (two) were the try getters, Frater and Davies kicking the goals.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY'S MATCHES.

Sr. HELENS v.

TYLDESLEY.

In the first-h;lt—gtT Reletti had much the best of the play, but failed to tike the chances. After fine passing Grindle scored Tor Tybio%ley and France kicked a goal. In the second half Whitley and Liverage PCnre fnr 9*..

===== 0002601_18981230_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A.SSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

EARLESTOWN V. PRESCOT.—Preseet were the guests r f Eariestown at the Mesnes ground on Saturday, in an Alliance fixture. Tho weather was dull at tbe outset hut otherwise favourable and there would be between 500 and 600 Spectators present when Prescot kicked off with the hill Is their favour. The opening stages were mostly in the visitors favour but the home backs held them well in check and the ball was soon hovering round the Freecot goal. Some pretty play on the part of the home right enabled Green te have a thy at goal but his shot struck the crossbar and reb modes iato play. Leach next got possession and his final effort also struck the croesbar—two very near shaves for the visitors. By the aid of a couple of fouls ' the visitors transferred play to the other end and the hone defence were given an anxioue time, but Wend wasd eventually relieved the pressure by heading over. Some grand passing mcvements by the home forwards initivelanether fusi- lade of the Prescot citadlnl Smith was given offside when well placed. Not to be denied the hem 'sters again returned to tee attack, and Ffarispson baneed the ball past Range from a pass by Smith, this coming after the game hau been in progress batty min tee. Roused by this reverse, the visitors took up the attack, but their efforts were frustrated by a foul airaiast. Wood- ward. This player had been exnibiting very steady tactics at different stages of the gams and he bad to be eventually cautioned by the referee. Half-time:—Earleatown I,Prescot 0. Right from the restart the homesters took up the running but Smith spoiled a grant nhanc Iby shooing outside. A break- away by th. visitors' forwards resuted in the scores be. iag made equal. The home t3ans's second goal was not long in aiming however. Smith dribbled finely dowa the wine and when near the °never flag he banged the ball past Range with a splendid oblique shot. Play tamed down considerably after this, Earlestown having , matters all their own way, and Hampson scored the third goal soon after. Final: Earlestown 3, Preecot 1. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS V. BANGOR.— Me above friendly match was played at Bangor on M 'ads's, before abont 3,000 spectators. The match usually forms one of New- ton's fixtures of their Easter tour torough North Wales but as the Bangor team had prematurely arranged a fixture for that date, the date was altered. Bath teams were strongly represented,Bangor having their full com- bination eleven. fierily had the match begun when , Laithwaite was hurt and had to retire. Although handicapped by having only ten rnen,the visitors played up pluckily and but for the weakness of M legs in goal they might have kept the homesters at bay. As it was Some Very soft goals were scored past Marsh. Final : B sngor, 8 ; Newton 0. The game was not as one-sided as the score would suggest as Newton had quite aa much of the play as their opponents but the forwards were very weak in front of goal. ! LANCASHIRE ALLIANCE.

FIAVDOCIC V. Sr HELENS RECS —These local rivals met at Eby dock on Monday. As tale is the first encounter in the Alliance between the teams, great interest was centred in the match and the Wagon Ground was crowded to its utmost capac ty, quite 4,000 spectators being present at the cometencernent. Hayriock kicked off against the wind, and they at once assumed the aggressive, but Woodward transferred play with a huge. kick. The ball was .on back in the Race half and flay- dock Scored the &at goal of the match affer 25 minutes play amidst great enthusTalm.No more scoring was done up to half time when the score read :—Haydock, 1 • Rees, 0. Right from the resunartion the Reis shamed' that they meant business, and J ckron brindled Lowe into the net, but luckily for Haydock Lowe had just tim ,to throw the ball over the b ,r. Lowe did not SOPM to relish being .bundled so unceremoniously through, and the instant he got the ball he banged it at Jackson, hitting him on the side of the head. The referee had hard pork to prevent a fight, hut he called Lowe on one side and cautioned turn. Soon after this the Rees forced a corner which was splendidly placed by Jones,and Jackson beide I through tbe equaliziag goal. Both teams strove hard to gain the winning goal and Hayrlock eventually got it through .Wignall after a scrim:nogg in the goal mouth. Final : Haydoek, 2, St. Heless Rees, 1. The score does not by any means represent the match as the Rees were hy far the best team and they were handicapped by an in- jury to Dimbell early on. Also the second goal scored by Haydock should not have been allowed as Smith (who shet the ball in) was palpably offside.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

WYCLIFFE P S. A.. SOCIETY.

Sunday ing Christmas Day there was only a moderate attendance at th 3 service in connection with the above society. Mr. Haley presided and in a brief address gave some reasons from his persosal experitume for thankfulnass. Mr. T. Hawthorn and the Rev. J. Yonge delivered short addressor; on the messages of Christmas. A resolution in favour of a nationsl confer. ones being hsld to discuss the proposal of the Emperor of Russia on the qusstion of universal arrest of arma- ments, and of sending a requisition to Lord Salisbury from the society was passed on the propositisn of the Rsv. J. Yong's, secondei tur Mr. Woods. The "Halle. I..jala Chorus" was played as an organ solo by Mr. W. H. Payton, which was highly appreciated. Mr. Lang and Mr. J. Ball also took put in the vervino. - A CHRISTMAS CHORAL SERVICE. -

- - On Sunday evening a Ceri.tmag Choral Service wag held in Wycliffe Congregational Church, whea selections from the " Messiah," were given by the choir assisted bY a small orchestral hand under the conductorship of Mr. W: IL Felten, Mll9. Bal. The inetrummtali.te were : First violing, Mr. R. H. Pearson and Mr. E. H. Clare ; viola, Mr. W. Jelonson ; bass, Mr. R Whit- field, second violins, Mr. A. Knowles and Mr. W. Brown ; 'cello, Mr. Bond ; and organ, Mr. F. Bieleman. After the tuneful overture to the " Me.siah "by the nand, the congregation joined in singing 1' Hark the herald angel; sing," and the Rev. J. Yonge then effered prayer. Proceeding with the oralorio, Mr. Arthur Griffiths gave an exceptionally fine rendering of "Corn- fort ye" and " Every valley," The choir then followed with the chorus " And the Glory." Miss E. Knowles capab'y sang the short reeit " Behold a virgin." Mrs R. H Pearson was very successful in the difficult and exacting sole ' Rejoice greatly," and later in the even- ing, she gave an eecellent interpretation of the recit. "[here were shepherds." The choir was weak in the bass and alto, but nevertheless they gave a creclitabie inter- pretation of the cloemuses " 0 Thou that tellest." " For unto us," " Glory to God," "All we like sheep,"and the i'llallelujih." The effectiveness was considerably heightened by the oreh.stral accompaniment+. The hand also gave a very efficient rendering of the Pastoral symphony in ed lition to the overture already men- tinned. During an interval tho Rev. J. Yonee-e said they might make one influential use of the service. A good number of congregations had taken the opportunity to pass resolutions in favour of urging Her Majesty's government to do everything in its power to forward the proposals of the Emperor of Russia with regard to the peace conference which he wished to nail in the coming year. Hu thought they would not like to be left out in that very important part of their duty as citizens and ea lover of peace and who desired a speedy nromolon of the kingdom of the Prince of peace. He would therefore propose that the following resolution be Fent te the Marquis of Salsbury and the Berouele member. " The congregatiee aesmebled in Wycliffe Congregational Church, Warriweenn' on the of Sunday, Christmas Day, 1898, desires to assure Her Majesty's Government of its profound and entire symnathy with the proposal of the Emperor of Russia on the question of universal arrest of armaments and it earneitly trusts that the Government will do everything in its power 'o support the preposal for a Conference upon this subject between the nations, so as to secure its being held and promote its greatest pos- sible success." The congregation signified their approval by standing in a body. St. MARY'S CATHOLIC CHURCH.

Christmaa -Day at St. Mary's Catholic Church, Butter- market-street, was celebrated with much solemnity. Each priest offered up three Masqei, this being the only day in the year upon which he can do so. At half-past six the first Mass commenced,and at every half hour up to ten o'clock Masses were said, each low Mass occupy- ing half an hour. At eleven o'clock the grandest cere- mony of the Catholic Churth began, namely, Solemn Hjh MARS. The celebrants of the different Masses were the Superior of St. Mary's (Father N.V. Wilson, 0.5.8.), Father R.M. Lucan, 0.5.8., and Dr. C. P. Mercer,O.S.B. At all the early Mass.s people ammoached the altar rails to receive Holy,Communion. During the offertory at the &even o'clock Maas, the Christmas hymn " Adeste Filelis "was sung. The church was most tastefully de- corated, the windows and the canopies of the stations of the cross being filled with evergreens. A representation of the birth of the Saviour at Bethlehem proved a strong attraction to thc congregation.

Co AG-ULINE —Transplrent Cement ot broken art Advt. " UNSHED COMPOUND" for Coughs and Colds Asthma, and Broach' tls, Of Chemists only,— Advt.

BIRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, AND mounted in Glass Cases any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Deaie in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass shades, Stags' Heads, Cabinets, Store Boxes, Nets and all Requisites for Butterfly and Egg Collectors,—B, COORE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw -street,l Liierpool Established 24 years.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

DASHER: "I hope you dont object to my smoking." Rev Mr. Mylde N—not in the least, if—you don't object tomy being sick." MISTRESS: "I told you half an hour ago to turn on the gas in the parlour, Bridget." Bridget: "Sure au' I did, mum. Don't yez shmell it ? " " MY husband is a great lover of the beautiful." "Indeed, he is. I should think you would almost feel jealous sometimes."

LITTLE Boy: "The preacher says there is no marryin' in heaven." Little Girl: "Of course not. There wouldn't be enough men to go 'round.' BEGGAR: "Please, sir, won't yer give me a penny?" Gentleman: "Why should a big, strong, able-bodied man like you take to begging?" Beggar: "Because I'm big and strong and able- bodied enough to enforce my demands. See ? "

TRAMP: "Can I see the lady of the house?" Bridget: "No ; she's engaged. Tramp: "That won't make any difference. I don't want ter marry her." HER TIRESOME ADMIRER: "I don't believe you have thought of me once since I've been away." She • "Well, you know very well.that the doctor gave me strict orders to do nothing that would tire me."

OF'TEN ENOUGH.—" What a strong, shrill voice Miss Mellow has !" "Yes. I would advise her to devote herself to Christmas carols." " Why?" "Because they are only sung once a year."

PARENT : "how did you get along with your geography lesson to-day, Johnnie?" Pupil : "Beautifully. The teacher was so pleased that she made me stay after school, and repeat it all over again, only just to her." " IT seems to me, Maria, that we've had nothing but barn, ham, ham for break at all this week," remarked Mr. Brently. " \roil forget another thing we'v, had, Robert," replied the better-half, quietly. " We've had growl, growl for breakfast every day, too." HARD ON HIS MOTHER. —The Court: "You say, young man, that your incarcration would be the means ot preventing your widowed mother from earning any money ?" Prisoner : " Yes, your worship, with me gone she would have nothing left to work for."

NOTHING so discourages a woman after eaying "not at homn" to a couple of lady callers, as to learn that each wore a new dress and new bonnet. It is then that she goes out and has a real good cry. __

- " ELLA, you have been playing all the afternoon with these toy soldiers. That's not a proper amusement for a big girl like you," said her mother. " But, minima, lam not playing with the soldiers. I picked out the officers and played with them." SHE OBJEC MD TO EXAGGERATIONS. - Gushley : "Would you think of me if I were ten thousand leagues away?" His Fiancee (from College): "As the mAximum diameter of the earth is only eight thousand miles, Clarence, your supposition is an impossible one." THE pdiceman saw that the mob was bound to wreck the building, and his own unaided efforts could not bea:, them off. But lie had the presence of mind to run round the corner, and yell: "Dog fight," and in 10 seconds there wasn't a man in the crowd who wasn't trying to find the dogs. E of those fellows who are always getting up statistics says if 32,000,000 women should clasp hands they could reach round the globe. They had better be at home attending to family matters.

SHOULD like to go to my mother-in-law's funeral this afternoon, sir," said the book-keeper to the "old man." "So should I," replied the proprietor, as he turned to his desk again.

"HENRY," said she, "wake up. I believe there is a man in the house." " Well, what if there is ? " said Henry sleepily. "If there were a woman in the house do you suppose I would go to the trouble of waking you up and telling you about it?" By this time Henry was awake and explaining. THE women have a quarrel with Edison. They won't let him invent an illuminated night keyhole. They don't want their husbands, when coming home late from their clubs, to slip in and upstairs and catch them asleep, when they want to make ' believe they have been sitting up waiting for them all night. "FAME," said a negro waiter, "am jas' like swingin' in er hammick. Hit am mighty good fun if somebody doan't cut the string." KNOWN WHAT IT Is.—" Oh, Henry," exclaimed his wife as she threw her arms rapturously about his neck, "I do love you so ! Don't forget to leave me twenty pounds when you go to town this morn- ing will you, dear?" "And this," muttered Henry, softly disengaging himself from her fond embrace, "this is what you might call being hard pressed for money." His VIEW. —" ..kh," said little Mrs. Goodhart, with a sympathetic sigh, as her husband told her that a friend of theirs was in pecuniary trouble, "one-half of the world doesn't know how the other half lives." " Well, dear," said he, "I'll bet that the half that doesn't know is not the feminine ' half."

VERY LIKELY.—A countryman sowing seed was accosted by two would•be smart fellows on horse- - back, and one remarked with an insolent air, "Well, honest fellow, it is your business to sow, but we reap the fruits of your labours." To which the countryman replied, It is very likely you may, for I be sowing hemp." ONE EXCEPTION.—" I suppose the people who bother you most," said a student in journalism, "are those who want their names put into the paper." "Yes, with one exception," said the managing editor, "and they are the people- who wish their names kept out." BUSINESS WILES.—" Take that mantle," said he shopinan to his assistant, "and put it in the window with a ticket announcing that its price will be three guineas for this week only." "Supposing we don't sell it, shall I change the price next week ? " " Certainly. We never decisive the public. Next week its price will be two pounds fifteen." • EARNED IT. Tragedienne: "And so you liked my performance." Gallant Admirer: " Oh, it was the very acme of tragic art! But lam almost sorry I went, as I caught such a fearful cold." " Gold ? why, the room was warm." "Yes, but the floor was so damp." "Indeed! What could have caused that !" "The tears." She gave him a free pass for the season. COMPENSATION. —" I'm afraid I preached a rather long sermon," said the minister, who was anxious for a word of commendation. "Oh, no, parson," replied the honest deacon ; "it averaged up well." "How so?" "It may have been a triflo long, but then it was neither very broad nor very deep." CHAPLAIN: "This is your third term in this prison. Are you not ashamed to have your friends see you here?" Abashed Convict : "Indeed, I am. The prison is disgraceful. The reception- room smells like a taproom, this cells are dark as caves, the warden is no gentleman, and the table is not fit to sit down to. Ashamed to have my friends come here? I am mortified every time I see them; but what can Ido?" • • • -

UNREASONABLE.—They were organising a land company, when Jobson said to Hobson: "We've got everything ready. I've got an artist to paint a picture of the land as it is, and another as it will be." "But where is the land? Have you bought it yet ? " "Bought it? Why, how can we buy it until we have sold our stock?" responded Jobson, who prided himself on being a financier. "You're unreasonable. It takes money to buy land, you know.'

RESTRICTED. —A very peculiar effect was pro- duced by the folio wing announcement contained in the advertisements of a country fair :—" Among other attractive features of this great fair there will be highly amusing donkey-races and hog- races. Competition in these two contests open to inhabitants of the county only." - -

" GEORGE " said she, "you have held a good many high positions at one time and another." 6- Yes " said George who had been married long enough to know that non-committalism is the best home policy. "And I have heard it said that your success was due to the magnetism that drew men toward you." "Urn—l—" "Don't pre- tend to be bashful, now. And I was just wonder- ing if you were magnetic enough to draw the tacks from that drawing-room carpet to-morrow morning before breakfast."

DIE man who sacrifices his health in the search for wisdom would be wiser if he didn't.

THE trouble with the ready tongue is that it is seldom ready to stop. " MULTUM IN PARVO," as the flat-dweller said when he succeeded in squeezing the last piece of furniture into his new fiat.

NOTHING engages our interest and attention more than some of the things that never happen.

A PENNY saved may be a penny earned, but the remuneration does not always justify the labour. iNtONSTANT.—Borax "Wheeler is wedded to his bike." Samjones : "It's only lately, then. It threw him over last week."

What is the longest word in the English lan- guage ?—Smile, because there is a mile between the first and last letters.

THE Teacher: "What are the two things neces- sary to baptism?" Small Girl: "Please, sir, water and a baby?" "I TOLD him I would stake my reputation upon it." " What did he say?" "That he wasn't offering odds." How little can we know of the mighty future and what it holds for us? When, years ago, as modest little lads, we sat at the scarred desks in the country school, how little did we guess that we should grow up and fail to become famous !" "No," mused the old man, sadly; "my life has not been spent as well as it might have been ; and still "—he was apparently calling to mind his better deeds—" I have done much towards ele- vatlng my fellow men." A faint smile illumined the countenance of the retired boiler-maker. WELL COSTITMED.—LittIe Johnnie: "We are going to have a circus, ma, and we want dad to be the clown." Mrs. Brown : "But he wouldn't make a good one." "Little Johnnie : " Yes, he would, ma, if you dressed him up in those ties and things you made him for his birthday. A TALE that the late Dr. Beason used to delight in was told by a gentleman who, finding that the stablemen were not in the habit of attending church, spoke to his coachman about it. "They ought to go," he said. "That's just what I say myself, sir," was the rejoinder. "I says to them, Look at me. I go; and what harm does it do me ?' "

"I suProsE you may say the honeymoon is at an end when the husband begins to stay out late at night?" " Not exactly. It doesn't really end until the wife can go to sleep again without be- lieving what he has to say for himself." ARTIST (triumphantly) : What do you think of my picture of a peasant girl, Miss Featherbrain? MISS F. (gushingly) : Just splembd. What a lovely hat she has on—is she going to the theatre? Artist (despondingly) : That's not a hat—she's carrying hay.

, CLERGYMAN: "Fine weather, Jones!" George: "For them as am't got to work, sur." Clergyman : "Your garden looks well, Jones." George: "To them as cloan't ha' to toil in it, sur." Clergyman : " gls d the wife's better, Jones." George: "Them as (loan% ha' to live wi' her may be !" A HORSEY TRANSACTION.— Buyer: "I don't like this horse you sold me. I can't get him over the bridge." Seller: "That's the reason I sold him, and I gave my reason for selling him." Buyer: "Yes to be sold, you said, for no other reason than that the owner wants to go out of town." Seller: "Well, it you can go out of town with him I never could." -

A CRITICAL.' MOMENT.— Arctic Explorer (re- counting adventures of his last expedition) : "We certainly could have reached the Pole had not our dogs given out at a critical moment." Fair Listener (breathlessly): "Why, I thought that the Esquimaux dogs were perfectly tireless crea- tures I" Arctic Explorer (gloomily) : " I—er— speak in a culinary sense." A RUNNING FlRE.—"You'll get run in," said the pedestrian to the wheelman without a light. "You'll get run into, savagely responded the cyclist, as he knocked the pedestrian down and ran up his spine. "You'll get run in too," said the policeman, as he stepped from behind a tree and grabbed the wheel. And just then another scorcher came along without a light, so the police man lan in two.

A SHREWD ASSUMPTION. —Aunt Geehaw (puzzled): "I wonder what sort of game that golf is that Society folks play, Joshua ? " Uncle Geehaw (thoughtfully) : 'Pears tew me it's somethin' like them tea parties. I read about there bein' teas an' caddies in it."

SMART TOURIST (in New Hampshire, where cobble stones and granite are the principal crops) : "I say there, friend, what are you building a wire fence around that field for? There isn't anything in there that any animal could possibly eat." Farmer: "I'm putting up this fence for fear some of my cows might stray in there and starve to death."

PERSONS who believe in luck and signs will doubtless agree that it is unlucky to be struck by lightning on Monday, or take hold of a circular saw in motion on Tuesday, or tumble downstairs with a coal scuttle on Wednesday, or to be_hit by a tramcar on Thursday, or fall overboard on Friday, or marry on Saturday a girl who swings 10 pound dumb-bells, or be one of the 13 to dinner on Sunday when there is only food for 10.

HEADED OFF—Mr. Dizzingham (timidly) : "Mr. Millyuns, wh-whether you are aware of it or not I d-don't know but your daughter Elsie loves me, and I" Old Millyuns (interrupting) : "Oh, never mind that. She always brings home every stray puppy that she finds, and feeds him." Half an hour later they found the dazed young man still walking round in a circle.

THERE WAS ANOTHER.—She: 'You are cruel ! Cruel, indeed, to force me to say that I shall always love another." He: " Well, I've heard you speak of that other man before. Who is he?" She: "That you have no right to ask, sir." It's the answer that's hard to get. Let's tell each other the truth for once. What is he willing to do for you, anyhow ? " She : "He has done far more me than you ever did--or ever could." He: "Well, like that." She: "It's the simple truth, sir. When you ask me to vow I love no man but you I am forced to confess that I fairly dote on papa." He : "Oh, it's he, is it?" She : " Yes; and if you are very good I'll ask him to let you ask him to give me to you." EXLCIIDED AND EXCLUSIVE.—" Shall I see you at Nell's tea to-morrow?" "Certainly not," replied the other girl; "I am surprised that you ask." "Why, have you fallen out? I thought" "Not at all, but really one must draw the line somewhere.": "Why, I always thought the Wayuppes were awfully nice people." "Did you? Oh well, if you are satisfied, it's all right." " Well—er—Nell does -do rather queer things sometimes, still"---- "Oh, it's all right if you care to go; lam rather surprised, that's all. I suppose I am rather exclusive?" "Not any more so than I am. really had not quite decided to go to the tea, anyhow." "Of course it is just as you feel, dear. Don't you think that Nell's gowns are rather impossible this year? And what a loud, un- refined laugh she has !" "That's true; I've noticed it myself. I believe I shall not go to her tea, after all. "Don't let me over -persuade you, dear," "As I said, lam perhaps too exclusive." "I am just as exclusive as you are, any day," and I'd like to see anybody persuade me out of a thing I had made up my mind to do !" "Oh, well, if you have decided not to go, I am very well pleased; though I did not wish to influnce you. "You didn't" "My mind was quite made up when I came in. May I just sit down here at your desk and write my regrets ? " "Certainly, dear. The plain paper will do, I suppose. No need to waste the best on her." " H'm ! It's just as well to impress her, dear, so I'll take the best. What day of the month is it?" "The second, I think, though it may be the third. . . . Come in," she called, in response to a knock. "Why, Marie, is that you? I'm awfully glad to see you. Take that easy-chair." "I can't, dear. I haven't a minute to stay. I only ran in to ask if you have, after all, received an invitation to Nell's tea. Really, it was too bad of her to leave you out when you had got a new gown especially fez the occasion. I told her so to-day, but she said he had been weeding out her visiting-list, and meant to be quite exclusive this season. Why, Madge, is that you over in the corner! What are you doing ? " "Tearing up a note I have decided not to send." "What sVould you wear to Nell's tea if you were in my place?"

J. MARSH,

59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED

-DEG to inform th,ir former patrons and the Pub. Ii lie generally that thy are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE ,RPOOI

ITREET, LIVE ,rtment of their celebrated 11ASITABLnICLOTHS, :ERTINGS,3PILLOW LINENS. gO-, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- ALSO GENTLEXIENS' lIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING manufacture all Df which hey will SELL at VIANUFACTURERS' PRICES ' ALL

76 BoLl

a "large Assoi HAND NVOVI'N DAN NAPKINS, Sit TOWELLO KERC

of their o'

BONA-FIDE

to CALL and is: LADIES' TEC

ARE INVITED IPECT, no one importuned to BUY. OUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. ON & SON, (BELFAST), LTO STREET, LIVERPOOL. SE, BELFAST. I. GLASGOW. BIRMINGHAM. 'ITORT, BALLYMERE.

JOHN -Vkri

76, BOLD DOWNSHIRE HOVE 105, HoPE STREW! 63, NEW STREET, HARRYTILLE FAC

.CES, JUL -I. SP), LTO JOL,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18981230_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILLSx

2-lb „ 3-15 ,

5-30 p.m.

6-45 am.

I 0 a.m. -IN ex t day

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDICEL''STIOI,7, &c.

i•O4I.^SCQ' 81/220011.941112

Never be Without a bottle of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essence in the house. All Grocers sell it. It makes de- licious coffee in a moment.

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE I/ LIR, —lf your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair chalmiugly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth, k'rice 3s. 6ki per bottle.—Advt.

i'' 'VIC:I7OW COran. 1 eIO7.3STItrICTIONI, al prevatort with, MI . time 3 thr quantlt. en reo-Apt et :r ivauf .1. -ttircr:3,.l)

14* wE e I • FO Min f t 471 E IS r'1711.- SuLES. 4 • t.p' - MY L ,C 4 123 SANKEY ST & 3 3 osito School grow) WARRINGTON. MANCHESTER ROAD (010 P

I

2

s, ,a'ert'.4." • , 1 _

:CT ITLIC":4111.61IITIES, REMOVE ALL :nd reNeve the distretsEng symptoms SO, 14, acre. Doxes,lll74 & 2/9 (contains three' '.t.y), of all C fenaywhere ,r 414 Etampa, by E. T. TO WLE )ryden f3,t., Nottingham. • rr<l 7,,,r/h7,t4

i.

>

;141'

,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898

===== 0002601_18981230_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
.. • , . • , . . . s. , ~ -0 . - - .. . . , , ' g . . N .. . . .. . X . . . . - . . . ' ‘ • , . ,

BEST TIMEKEEPERS. GUARANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD. In Sterling Silver Cases from £2 25., or in 18ct. Gold Cases from £5. Illustrated Book of Watches, Jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, &c., post free.

Steam Factory;

===== 0002601_18981230_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOITSE— Barlestown

SUB-Orricas *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wargrave

WALL BOXES—. Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction....,. Church-St., Gelborne Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

Parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6 p, time as letters.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Prodsham, Ilelsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorksl>ire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, Prescot. Wigan, Orms- k irk Wid,l & Earlestown London, Foreigm, and the South slidland Ccunties & South Wales Preston, Noruh Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester . .... Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- center, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - astern, Mid nd , Northern, gastern Counth s, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, W alston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

===== 0002601_18981230_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

10-35 a.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 am. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 P.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m,

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 &

p.m. 6-40 p.m. 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m nd 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

2-20 p.m.

4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. I-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nil. 10-15 a.m Nll.

from the Receiving Office at Earlt. ~m.; from all Sub-Offices at the Bam

===== 0002601_18981230_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FOLLOWS :-

To By I Callers. I Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

7 a.m. 13-30 „ 10-45 „ }ll-30 „ } 11-45

11-30 a.m

} 12-0

k 2-3.5 p.m.

3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
628464, LUDGATE HILL; LC.;

FLONILINE I—FoR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly iITORIAL NOFORTE TuTOR NET 250 PAGES cleanses the teetil from all parasites or impurities, harden (Full Music Size.) the gums, previ.ots tartar, stops decay, and gives to the 1021 POST teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance ‘Ol The Pictorial tutor A Descriptive Prospectus The most Contains 70 Illustrations to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per Jar for being published at Nett sent Post Free on application markable & cheap, and over 550 Songs the Floriline "Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Price, it cannot be obtained of to "Magazine of Music" Office, eat book ever published, Dances, Carols, Anthems Ado • any book or musicseller under* 20, Ludgate Hill, London, E.C. The Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes.

WARR INGTON FOOTBALL CLUB 1 POINTS. I FOR AGST I Sept. —Swinton, h 3 3 I 10 —Oldham, h 0 ...... 9 17—St. Helens, h 3 ...... 0 24—Widnes, a ..„. 0 9 Oct. 1— Salford, a B—Morecambe, h 15—Barrow, h lO 5 22—Rochdale H.. a 3 2 29—Tyldesley h Nov. 5 —Millom, a 12—Broughton R. u 19—Oldham. a 26—Morecambe a 7 2 Dec. 3—B trrow, a 10—Wigan, 11 17—Stockport, h 8 6 24—Birkenhead W., h 26—Runcorn, h 27—flull, al 3 19 31—Swinton, a Jan. 2—__.

Taste a Free Cup

FIX T UR ES AND RESULTS.

I^

HANDSOME AIR-TICIIT

ENAMELLED

—Wigan,a

14—Leigh h

21 —Tyldesley, a 28—Stockport, a

Feb. -4—Leigh: a 11—Salford, h 18—St. Helens, a.. 25—Broughton it.. . Mar. 4—Rochdale IL, n 11—Widnes, h 18—Barrow, a 25—Cup Tie Ii Apr. I—Cup Tie 3—Runcorn, a B—Hull K Borers, Ii 15—Birkenhea1 W.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB

FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS. FOR ACIST Sept. 3 —Wigan, a... 10-- 17—Salford, h 24—Oldham, a 3 .... 27 Oct. I—Leigh. I]: 3 ...... 0 B—Widnes, a 15—Cheshire v Lancashire 5 ...... 4 22—Tyldesley, a 29—Cheshire v Yorkshire, ....... Nov. s—Morecambe, la 12—Salforl, a 19—Cheshire v Cumberland, 26—Broughton It., h 5 13 Dee. 3—Bradford, a 10—Swinton. h 17—Rochdale if. h 8 3 24—Broughton It., a 26—Warrington, a

T y esley, h Jan. 2—St. Helena, a 7—Swinton, a

14—Wigan. h 21—Stockport, h

g-h.. a Feb. 4—St, Helens, h 11—Moreca1flbe, a 18—Widnes, h 25—Rochdale It., a Mar. 4—Oldham, h 11—Stockport, a Apr. 3—Warrington, h

WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS. FOR LOST

--_ Sept. 3—St. Helene, h - 6 ... 0 A—Wigan, a lO 2 17—Morecambe, a 24- Warrington, la I—Tyldesley, a B—Runcorn, h 15—Lancashire v Cheshire, 22—Leigh h lO 5 29—Rochdale H., a 9.. 6 Elov. s—Lancashire v Yorkshire, 12—Swinton, a 3. ..... 3

Oct.

0 0 7 0 0 14 10 2 Dec. 306 _97E— 81, aosmtal 0. dln: ibesoeareedimaitee,:iarbas, e,h, a t 24—Rochdale H., h 26- 31—Leigh, a

Jas. 2 '1 —Stockport, a

14—Stock pori, h 21—Salford, a 28—Broughton E., a . .

Feb. —4—Tvldesley, 11—Wigan, h 18—Runeorn, a 25—Oldham. h Mar. 4—Broughton R., h 11—Warrington, a

Apr. --winton, h

ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS. FOR AGEVF Sept. I—Salford (friendly), a 3—Widnes, a 10—Broughton R~ h 37—WarrinAon, a 0......3 24—Morecambe, a Oct. I—Oldham, h B—Rochdale 1-i., ii 22......3 15—Lancaster, $ 22—Swinton...« 0 ...... 10 29—Wigan, Nov. s—Leigh, h 12—Wigan, h 19—Leigh, a 26—Widnes, h Dec.. 3—BirkenheAd W., h .................. 14.„... 0 10—Hull a 0 l9 17—Broughton Rangers, a ............ ... 2 20 24—Salford, a 26—Tyldesley, h 31— Jan.: 2—Runcorn, h 7—Salford, 11 14—Swinton, h 21—Birkenhead W., a 28—Oldham, a 4 —Runcorn. a 11—Tyldesley, a 18—Warrington, 25 Mar. 4—Stockport, a ..... 11—Rochdale 11., a 31—Stockport Ft 3—Lan aster, h B—Morecambe, Ti .................. .

Feb.

Apr.

TO-fl A.Y.5 m A TCHES. Swinton v Warrington Runcorn v Tvidesl.7 Leigh v Widnes BrougAton Rangers v Oldham Morec.nabe v Stockport Rochdale Hornets v Salford

===== 0002601_18981230_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
25, OLD BOND ST, VI;

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

13qRltipcs

FOR ALL - BILIOUS AND NERVOUS ~ISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constpation,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordercd Liver and Femalo Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Miens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. 11,d., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

3CO7M.ALIFKX3NT'

===== 0002601_18981230_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. it is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

===== 0002601_18981230_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

• r

, . , . _f___--.4\ ,'N -;,..,..k:;,,i*, ~.•-y-Ns% A •'‘‘, I .'l.'4 't gA.,t, 1 1 1 fl •i ~ i ti i ):0 1, I ens. 'j„ • ° , e ' ' ' '',, "V , s \ ; , er,:' ,;,. , ' \ \"..,1,, 1- .i,muils.,. / ~,,,,/

t • ^I .

.\S

•

•

.rr- ;74.7 ,

. . . ... . . ), . 1 . ! . '..; . ~. $!..t.c,%. 11,.. '.,, i. It. q .... ~ r . ...,.,,,.., . . ~ • . . . . ... . ; . :1,: , .: -, , ; r,... ... ;,,,,, ....:. ~i.:::::7,:f,,,,,,. ti, -....,4,.,..-.,.... ~.-..,' .11,...,.:,•:,, .. 7-, • ,1,1-'.. •', •,f.:.,-..5..., . • i f ......' -.

, ; • '

i", " , ,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
e t...-‘ , iki ...; ,' , . ," _ Y :75:;'-',,,1.. , i , .?, , , 4 ''.4 1

Makers of the "BANK," "LUDGATE," and "FIELD." Worn by everybody.

Special Chronographs as used for timing the Derby, Oaks, St Leger, &c.

SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL.

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free.

281 ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C,, LONDON,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
.

,

-TCtT TTUNTIOrS or anyons.. list 7 stwmps.— , V 3414E3 MORGAN, West Timperiev, Attrineham.Obeshire, cadY RARNBD INet/4.818 'gained by ene.gtrs..• ver • sons representing the 4.ltion Piste Glass Inntrance Co., Ltd. Most progressive camper& in En land.-9end or par- ticulars 96ctirr.sav, 17, Dickinson-street'. 11'6"er:rester- • • QPLENPID LlVlNG.—Special off,r foi short-time, Tons • 13 secrets with free gift, value Ti 6.1, post free..ls --- Tostross, Becktord House. Cowes . A °WC'S WA-NTBD ts push ftrst-class 4ach3nory: 011 s. 171.. Liberal Csmmissinn ; For, 31. Post Office, I,!yerpchl. 11p, d-RIL'S LONG- CLOTH article., • unn'ed, 281 6d, 11 cost dcubies. approval. —Writilks. G anuer Camels. 10, West-street. Brighton.- •• • .• ' •*. - • . • A BBAUTIFUL Is must gold. American nasal hunting Lk WATCH. lady's or -gent's. esg .isitely ;engraved, jewelled 'movement, timed.- warran,ed 2 /ears. equal hs ap- pearance be solid gohl ; post froe 17s 6.1. usual price .two gainess.—Rstsgaup•ce 5T(155.8 h 2 ler•qate-etre.t. 1.1iO.

t 1) it 14 Lur u .06 vt out DartioOtiire oGomel Free gooey Prlzess. riyon6 caq win. —Novezay Coxe.urr. .5 Renver-rod,.. Bromley-rev:l, Lee. LLB. ' 40114 Pila- Nt's

- 0811," "Wbiseer.an shvikriear,", and 12 !....tter pieces and ...60;48,2a 441,11an- cheeter•rsed. Bradford. . TTAYD&L, firelighter unsurpassed, selling by' theilands ; is • packet pest free.—l.l...ALLAtr, Wadden Marsh-lane. Croydon.. SUSLIGHT, Li; v Coupons Wanted, Li...'doren given, any guantity.Cursatna, Oilrnn Lugard-road, Neck-

!i•

46

marvelloui

febuo

ITK

===== 0002601_18981230_art0099.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
barn.

• •

===== 0002601_18981230_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
lIAVII YOU A PIANO? It so,send dot the harmonic P 11240 MUTE. 'lathing like it introduced •betore, wonderful' and piensing effete, invaluable for learners ; sp'endlel Harp or Banjo effect if required. Fat Instructions sent carnage paid on receipt 12 Sramps.—Address, THE MANAGER. 59, West Green-road, London. N. LERGYMAN will tell you how to wake it V before Christmas. No canvassing ; certain ; stAmps.—lity , Tanerdy Cottage, Carmarthen. " 11199 HBUMATISM.-9HAVVBBD. specially preparaal, guaran- It, teed to cure all cases. 2s. 9d. carrfage paid: , None need despair.—GltaßT, Specialist. Tetlowat....Livere—

Averpool.

TIR. H -TIGO'3 CIiILBBILATBD—E. ,34ATIS kt and J GOUT SPECIFIC. An • absolute:Ore for Gout and Rheumatism. Sold In large bottles it 4s. fid". post free& DR. Hutio'n CEnro-Cung Co., 64:. Boei-lanp, Lon:too:LC. LIVB PISH.--7lbs 25,-121bs 15 6d, 131)3 3, 15lbe 3s 6rl carriage paid. Dressed for cooking, apleudict quail ty prompt delivery ; schools &a cat.red for ; listrfree.-2Tta Piss Co., Pontoon, Grimsby Quoin pallet% • . T 012 DON, ALBX/INDlilt. VatUhall Bridge-road, LW., oldest largest beet private Hotel. cloie 14) Royal Palaces, 2 minutes from Viet°. la Stations, moderate charges, night o -; en pension. TPlegraens..l4lcatoron, London.

porter

rllO THOSE suffering from Nervous Debi ity and lish us- Non.— New and re-lied edition. The CONFIIiSION and El 26HIRNOS or one who muff ired ' for years. An emphatic warning. Thenseans of effisctive Self-Cure detailed fully. No more qusekeror medical Imposition. The cure plced within the, reas4 Id' all, The method is simple yet sure. Copies may be,;tsad gritis by sending stamped addressed envelope to the—AMArr—Aarnint Maus, Alder wick-t.rrace, Hounslow.

WAR MM./ALS wasrau trarA x a:641, or o-xruor 161 t, or later; ala lalt Araks; £2 eAiltl :givea Major Tn3llß4' Droitwi eh,

PIS et ang Champion R mges and Pdtato Peelers, &sq. ;Amp on whet's for outdoor ;24 page hit free —5l I.ICTICR-ST,. Manchester. • • . DRAWI NCI • I ASTRUMBATS,' . •

Boards, T and Set Squares. Scales, Tipes, Pencil's: Colows ac., ail. Buglish Make. The very latest, best an 1 cheapest rand published new Edition of Illustrated Ottalciple, post I ee.

A. G. THO!PITON. YILLOTICAL ?4AtTFACTLTjtR.,• 66, St. Mary's-street,: Maneheater, /VARYING and roxartwogx--For Il_tlce Lista ot usetni N.._/ and suitab!e articles and "all .14nda ut'anifAble Apply PALLION SAW:wit:TA, SUnckertand: • •

C""3.—Mua% be Ileared; i.d.diiet rd. tient. atek da fitted with Bleetoo tyrtir. -49-RASA= Ho: C.rms W^wirs, Htah-rovi, Clg.tpieft. ' • 1.

A MARVIILLOCs 1,17 33Lat &Tit, 3*, .poo 'woo t 3.3. Lester .11 Barrett'3 ALBUM of MUM and SC46,,lnit published. ccmta ins all his latest songs and sketehet. Mite times larger than any previous issue. The songs avlth 'music have hitt pianoforte accompaniments. Enciosa 6; stamps for copy.to LESTER BARRETT, a. Melon-street-• laneheoter A LL LAMi tObt4 •6,,,,Ls Writ, P.m.: .particulars of .ti patent ANTILIPPING Silent Pads for Crutches. Walkinz Sticks. and Woodmr /oests to Wm IL GLotaft, 23. Brun trett-roftd. Clintiton-erun-Itakly,,Mattchester. Inventor a user. Splendid teittimetials .teetn all .par 4.4 of Kingdom.

===== 0002601_18981230_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
M 1131 C. SP ACIAt; Oyynrl. A PING VIOLINA,ICARSCrk iOlOl,

with Csiela,d, How 450. • •. • fiIiTqUINE ITAT,TAN M&IjZ4HAL•ND OdSl3 204 EXOEPTIoNAL OFFER:—lffen4 somblete sot of my tested and guitrantood'irkilld76trings for 2s. 6d. Mandolin strings;:tforepflio tiot is. 63. All goods simt"ieM.Sfage paid. C 4 . BAILEY, • . • 257. GIOSWIii.L. ROAD. LONDON B.C. --inino di

-risLllll, B &RAND affUelfl.. Genuine aria—model cost ; suit lady or gmtlemsn ; full. rieb tone; sacrifice 21s. ; 040 needed. Will give purchaser my lOs ease. iVory mounted artist's 12s. bow, 5. tutor. &c Approval. post pvid. —Ms' L. SIMONS, Hamilton Castle 3Broonsfield..Swanscombs, Bent. ~ •q.NIFIr

AGN lOHNT COLOURS() PHOrO SLUMS, lectwes. temperance. We models. rellgrons hymns, comics. 44. to 614. each.—SToids.. Secondhand Slide Dealer. Royston, Herts.

FIII3TWORK MATHRIALS.—Great clearance sal,. 10.000 gross, saws Is. per gross; 63 grds.;lo4 ss. : 50.07.0 original designs ,• 3d. In is. discount -.at once tot` 23. 6d. giant selection of designs. t-tat, #ost trae,3; stamps.—lioEtsTarli,. Frampton; CottsreltW•, . WELL CCI UT ELVW reSi'lteindeeT7Wlll—olean again and again. Grey. tan. black; wilite"; 6a. post tree.— Mrs. liowaan, Parade. Canterbury. Cr-0-13t—isn— RHEUMATIC' PILLS. eirtasn cure lately new remedy :seed is. tor ack. doses.7-drirwastr, 37. Plantagenet-street, Oardiff • . , , • rpo ancALL—lNViisrous.—Sums •Of £lO amid upWards accepted for investment with not less than 6 months notice of withdrawal ; 5 per cent, per annum' guaranteed, more may be realsed ; monies received are invested in sound commercial undertakings ; speculative Investments strictly ayoided.—Address Box 10, Bittemrd's, 4, Adelaide-street, Charing Cross. W.C. • • : •

rg PHOTOGRAPHIC Weeklies (or is it Weakilei ?) having been forbildert by a ring 'Of Elannfantorers to continue advertisements s hosing the acivAntageopuii-prices of 1 SCEOLZIG'S, well-known l'brEo paiPrs, ad 4y plates. yon are requeeted to write 'fur perti arT caunot ' obtain Scholzig's materials at r-nrr devera...,tiry will b' supplied to you di rrot and pot free. lifentlOrl': this paper please.—arTo b.citoxava, 31, Binlialct-Osod. Clapham. London. t3.W. couTHPoßs.;;batteovigna.Vot*enx enitY• 1..7 learnt, unique fasbfOrs,ink*Aosationse and,oliop, 17 iwes own bawls, cash trade ,tipsp,o44llletnctlnig atqck atout 111-healtlLL-Write WaleiMisttlirilloutbpoft. MIRETWORK.TTooIs driEf 40101.:;,:ntecbanie, •or amateurs ; 1' carpentry benebeo.tbßk,_rior,_., ,bar ;%;liat free.— BYER. Wilson-street. Flnsbttre:•Pqrldn.n:•,' Honer cioap l&l'4i. 2 nezeu —(cl Jowgrr, Groeer, pleiellintlafirtiet. • Itraitford. Cast' by return. • ' .„ ArtittAal 014 golAland, silver 'lsoi3gnt, best' XL7 ...,,Orloe given by return. largspt 784 • .Ifigk,roaa;.Chisniick, ndon.• .; . • . otistiterig poiltively grown in a ,fe-sir'dayi. .1Y1", teed • hundreds' of testimonials ;slat seetnely paetced, BroatF.street,Eorper. flitrolngbl.rn. •

IVIN.TEkiS 14000>Y011Kt". 44 p innt 01Ate of 'BO 'pot firm h. =4l.Dim 4, • 60. qiften Yiototii- It. London. 11.0.' • • • , •

street.

LADY srvinild idoot, z icd hotr— preinf,nm ; retie ences,—Vta.,DpeON. 76, Windsor:roid Foutihport. SCREENS.—Fon-iie-avod S R tovSqrups,canveseat tte-. ooloored and black gron,ids 1.61„1" 81.; • 3 folds Ile. 6d. Carriage paid ; art serge and lextbee., ge'resii*.frorn 17s. sa.,-- Jolnv JAcK3ox. Poulton-le-Fyida, .• _ llperfect little b?satiea 91 6,1. each; half 1.1 33. flct, post paid. —CootTro'fis. Sligo. ; •

rcHbtack *sifirDlo369 1,1161EITH„ 16 yards £3, worth five gntneas. paCern sant —MI9I. °MRS:RV, Dunedin, Enosell-roul. Inivrie.h. • ' •

a loch Lady's lasnamapits ULACK • talley s. O. CREPON CAPIL, fur collar, lined silcot and quilted for 7s. 91., wrings 9d. extra ; 4.. 3d, lady's CO- - if SKI XT In black and navy serge, carriage 6d. extra.— Write for patterasdn Massia'sr ARTIS and Co., Manufacturers, 11 Carthusian-street, London. M.C. "EM ,Net •L H , ..—Leither, • Tools. Patternie 12 Photo Frames, Mlrrars.eti,:a..,nt to any alcireis. In- struction honk arlth:43.dasigns and price list of materials 4 stamps.—Maxsots,llol.. jiecitmondwilse. Yorks. etYCLISTS look, h.re ' ten guinea ISIOTCLBs for Sc., fitted *OS Beekbon pneumatic tyres and guaranteed for 12 months. • Foto el, wheels. and parts of every description, send for lists. they will surprise you.-10IITE3CIIX BROS , 27, Mortham-roari. Soutliampton. 1141 aNNY-IV:rf kIE-SL6T Cigarette Supply MACIIIBIIS Is. each, also cackling bens laying metallic eggs, 'quarter wanwass Green. • AIN L'a

cot.

T _ • ASpoaik.Tura • • wax. noLi Tiara SiCOND ANITU4L SOIREB ,is THE PARR HALL ON THIMPCIC THE T.ND PRBRIIART., 1899.

No 1EDICI:1E ELM TUE CURE OF ASTHMA, CONSUMPTIoy, COUGHS, AVD Boorfatirtfl, was over attended with such speedy and unfailing suceeiw as DR. LOCOCK'S PUI.IE:MX WAFERS. in every newspaper . and perindiCal maybe seen testimonials of their wonderful efficacy. Nothing else gives such a sound, refreshing night's fest. .In hysterical arid heart compainta they are unfailkw.v.tOrhearnatic and nye- wous pains " ttey aet like a charm: To sinkers and public. speakers they are Invaluable. for eleArtng and strengthening the voice. They taste :pleasantly, Priea ls. li.. 2s. •9d , 41. 6d. and Its per box. . bold by all mid/dins, 'vendors.— • Advt. AO. • ' • ": •

" CLARKE:B WqR4l-IPAMISD. BLOOD MlXTlfils: inn guarari teed cure for áU Mood .and Skin • Diseases. Itis the most searching bilxvd cleanser ever discovered, and It will free the eystem .from all impurities from whatever cause arising 'or SCrOfule, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores .of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands at Testi- monials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per, bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—AdeC

HOW TO (MT •A. BILLIMID TA.Btli FOR las. 6d.— GEORGE G. BUSSEIC ts CO., of 36 and 33, Queers," Victoria street; Lonaon„luska an lornio is set of arrange- ments whereby' a good game of Billiards can be played on, an 'ordinary dining table.' ) .. • . . 1 . • . .. . • - ' . .

'

'

• CHINA Tata nERVICS3, Dlll[lo(fiftViCtß, TJiiet anti Trinket Sets. (It:leanest • bonsee7l, es.aL ern, Furnishing Irenmonger. Bridge meet Warrington., 6CAZTES AND Scrti mlke a p)ltle unkfcreiti I u is •perietti* .83, Bridge-street, Itezrlngtoa...4,7t. 14.141%,Y1t4i.t0Va5, , Coke Stores Brass Fenders. • Largait eoIÔIeAtiLA.ND, Ironmonger, itridgn- ; street, WarriBgtotr.s., ,

441itiF(Iktf)ki;;W '

.. ~ „.. . . . .... ~ .. „, H P ": E X A N-I I Nil- 11 . FRIDAY.' '., DECEMBER 30 li-,9S .•• .- .1. -J ' i ..-•.. . , • . . .. .. • •• • - . .. .. . EARLESTOWN & NvWTON NEWTON.: DIVISION- PARLIA- ' .NI ENIARY VA.CANOY. .. . . r..„ .., Th... 0 w,40., ~,,D-.-, i te• of tle ahor9 3.;otv; IVIEE TING OF. rtiE CON- . . .... ..r . 'was b.-ld iu'the CO:opt:is ire'Elall on Crristmo..qi"•! ' SERVATIVi.: ASSO 'NATION ' - ._r /,... . .- .Nir,. W..•8r0v0.b.i,tg.,10" the oh lir. Thr,',.*Pfllartslt..• ~ . , ..L......„_...,„:„ ----- wis Mr, A,, M >rile; attu"strlec 1 pie were repartrrse.. 4t. ': 8 ELEOT lON OF A CA N.DID.kTE •-i . .. the P. 8,3'.. nhokr..:, •, Mr. S.l)ring acc inn pan id -on tfe a piano.. • ." :• .',...•,.... . On-Lia• oria7 a. triffithag„of the council or the Newt •ii • • .:., St),OL,l4st. Piee.vn oF A.:•c,IIILD. ' la.litutaADVEytAiliktizalocistion wls hed it the foime .On satt,trliv: Vie Delice re-emir:lo4.e rep !rt of t:)e •tr...tt•"1.1 ....ri;'.....ittlkei'totilliatit ti.'.,`Oiud tl iti for Lha ;valann), dfien:: Oilk:f. -1)..0t ;V- reick Daylel!:-5 mon th 4 (I 14, 04tty4:••kt:,tite,,,loqtte4iitt,:44tstoe ~t the.,,e,'itie.---;ii.o.iey h,,1, , 71 „. infetit4o' P.,:.tifs4rtafllc4.lgy.?e, .h al es4,er, 1Y tug ra a' I • the ..• ilai;))••,,, 1n,t.",i1044':: Illwtoti and.••••;:th,3::,;•4o.fsectii,.ll7, i',lint; Enrlestriitti:,::-Thtti: ,OLet Id h a dr. bee n. in delicate eie fritiini •tistrtriarag,S filf• Isle:4oa. MC.: 'robin •ft L' 4 tiii :lit'a ,t, 4 eiji.. IP% blikinet:Pr VII en tine had attend- wh0.*..1,1"443..ni.14...rXr1, ~6:4IItILLO !Itwelve 3,e0'..4.0.0, al k .r.; ed. it frii: histi•iphitie•:tinttit.'n ettort ti me ego, w't en sit. 4infinitf,Pf.... 's!,ol'irr 0iw,.,„ 0011..,..t 11,'Oeer.L."•Inflt ..•11:, al r vvetL chil&seinie'd tOth•e•iii•-•g•nt better. 0!I Saturday onnotA[i.A.r,r,iru.„ :9441:9,•••41.,pf:,hf:,..t.titi1,",4..5e wi.ttoni. re:Doyle ivairllahLit t..i•'., when it was ee'z Al with- 'l.lCtni•J!**,..,,,i, ~..f•P.1!,'!,,..131.-"•`052.,,.4.14:..,'re:•_,,,,1,04P"riv.,1.riakti-Drat. I.llt;sind die 1.- befnier the arrival of a doctor. T., e . tri.)o,•"1:014""-, r•°•"ir "9"t"'••rP'!'r:lY!!'stP"-t•ritITLO (.; 4 'II "I , ... .. . . , . Vsk , ' Ot.;-*.ilietj ':. pi.' • .Ptrt,."•lsl)44:S.:":".Pi'll.'...z.jr'4lDTTOß tnner -did tipt.t..•.)heftl.roil::•incinivet tr o e eery. .• it .I_-,....2.52,- . :... . j ~.. t'hi.;. . '.,..., .... ,: 8-:. itv 4 .....,.•,-,:. . !Ann; inne A .4.: ' . ~a4r, . A "ery.?.bef.fr•• totICI 2ii-liotn:44 ••....„...• • . .. Colssit*Azf'raf.,()loll.4l'.4t,)ittnBrtvrot..:,. , • , ..,.OA-1,,,,:ty..,tvt„:t., T A. 81,i,-,c,ju;Jiiiip.A.A.Avilki;;Nitilti;i4,! itip FiidAy. evehl[eg,.l4.":p...'lli.ft "....r.:PP.: 000, 4 Ae4 -7 i'6l::!le.Oria N*bee.'Reetis.r.ii rwrt, ON furiniall ei;tirpii. :t.i.d. in .t he large billiard. •L'':).olis'';'nf•:,•sn'i)•.,.9dinaler!vatt.'ke"'..iiinn,..Ttirinaa• R....t1e,,,;.11,,.54., tt.si.•o.,t .a , . EL, oi:,,imirt...,ioseptk: (,lub; Ear! 0 : town,. t he..priz eri't.vcrit.. btinetribers.'of trlii. R it:nation; *Po.' W. tA,' litisWiitil4p:',. .' • .". :,. . • -., . .cl.:L1); .in, ihell b ria tunas h and i 74,p% • et.hilli ai.ds„ whier, . Lord :Gerard lista...tie, ..y,5.4..4,:gre tt picayune for: hint to , ~ . • . :and ski; ties'. •,•'. The. prizes' c terit,titd! '' of tu-keys, ibeec t tem for. t,),P...fite"'.9tofit.2:Since•. tt.•su. r4t. ears as- ) th. 7 ge,140.- kerne.; rabbit', ducks, ispi;•"•ts, 'wines, &c , at c•ed him pres,...lient.••.(Applaist-e.•LAO *4 : very ,00,ir, p roc, i_ ab: e trig. thii ehoti.d:sila.lt,ai +:•.4 iod tt..itvlth9gt.44.,d .;. :I:27ib,Lone.acts4oetifini,ref :iplor.,...6:enoltitirtetto3E.lt;4:3wtillthceil..l.4•:,,nuricifide,lttat.he w.:Qs•!: prinZipifik.il.ven by tradesmen.' and Others netpt,iii the'hanse,There w te a very larse.humber of prizes and. the tstik ot dietribtiting ::-,t.l:9l).'itt!Citp[ed a ;:teTneil o',PthienNe7.wt, to Divi.ion4llC4.o.6lllf:ertitt-r-::°'etttelotstv.l t•ti•liclitat:." oenitiderable time, • At ,ttis • elcin.li- *ate -9% •thanits '9l4l,e.derded•• Mr: tiOirin for his atteirlanCet-;•., ,•'••••:".". 0. •I . ff t p• ' ..,,...p. d. .... ~ ii• • 4 ..thm,..,.., ~. e, r#..tt.a,. el er • ) , the t'ff:Kger,•,‘,' 14 IntA, 4". - --,-- or 'r, 10E PS RA iqC ft ''._ ~L •' • ~. lt,'l4t -''' ...4•6,... ... • ii)rd'' "liinf- •U'i`tlfftw4 '.• •""ii •tt . .. , . ) . ~._,,,..,•`: , ..,:on., •- ad '6 .•, At the goarterty fuje•tak 0, tne Samuel "Merles?' 1-ess of the Isinity:their...:o4liltk.' ' .4"supsprzr...•iftryttny iu section of. tee' S .nr of Temp . ran ate tile el eCtfnit .0.1 the sad bereavement stsitOntitl.'hiti.e,,tpow'l:l4,rugh the: officers Wa4 prtiCeldet - 111t11 se folow4 :--,Wpfthy d. a ti or Wilbur) John I,l6,...kethrils'Aft)*, awl, patriarch ;1.-Ercohor.,ji.4,:)t•toi.. pilt. w9r.;:tt4i:t siri- o.l+l desire to mato on Te6rdtbe:Veri!• 444,Lia01441014:110tt' arch, Brother T Wheat "4374 tit.tnttinei,l.f.i.hofete.4":;3lul- rend,n••,d, Ind gen 'Fels tiupPiit gizki.: insi,thltA'gflblliiil': lin.; condu,:tor,' Brother. T.;4;:ii.Ster; chitiniat.titlirdttier tlol, andtne Con i'rva-,ive c. suite., generX•lotnf 4,l:Lt 1.4 e ~, -• • ?..,,•• •• • • r rii•-1 s' • lesil•Vil i •'" T Cols's; worthy aesociatyi.,-.Aipzit.ner 0 .3%1,.401rrei.: :,.,„,,,,-,..,..r.f.,- !11,- .lu:.7'l9ir.nos-'6141..it5'481, awsilsn;ll-r4niet.,r in1,41.-74sr.a.igrle"ft•ci':ithlerL'Olt. kakrti 9.(;;1113.41.. surer , Brother J'JudescTi;illo4lo4l,....uicitil4.:seetrihael'atirr. Pearson; recnrding '• fi wattNtirbaedted by Mr • GrUn ac ke-Drtur ho• iv'teiri ;.w. assistant financial scribis,l3edth.er 'ft Bolt.iertN-SaalOte '-• • -, • - • .._ .. • .r. .• • • ;t7-. .',) .. ~. . • .."...,,,,. noptdrtatAtna tor the vica-,ny... •.•• • -..' :.•,, ...-. : •,7, • .••, .... an conduct.o;.;',B:ether W Creed' Sie4l).O.'l;tlnel w4.'f. W501:3;.15.,147: Rnrron, ~,,e,..,,7,c..-6... Litirl.4.lutdt!..taL4.4kire.in• closed •ns ,uritifil by Bro. T Wt.ettle•c. ...• :' ' . '...'auniiiitting ;toe natne.of .s,lh.ll4‘.,kißstins:AWirip;tos"tik.• , .t• -• FIRS AT .11k/tLESTOWN. L. ;..5,14 Rj.4haiii .13..iit.in abdOirsib;cl,-'4,lS?:.:eitioffigail„:::4lo.:;" On ThtirAflay.night,46,st •we,ei, at. 9 o'cloc'r, a fire, Stnge'k,Wora.iti.tbo....l,4l;i iii.intrrienearAliP,:lekilitictikiitt: broke nut ,in atf.'[•,,..nlivtiOl f. ronm of the B'A op no c!ukijd'. ters•Onlit',:ar, Ebel name hlhfens••[ealt"..4o•',•te'itopfirtifitilii; by Hobert PasSl4f4rafie'r, :,$c..1., M .tirk et -, t r-tes, Rett;to4 4,401.1%49 •- ' - t'',•: , • . , : ....7-....-.:•-.N,‘ town. Mre['i•leit.,;•''' the Occulter ,Ztt t'le shot) nent't.::.•,•••••t: , ..,•...r.: ' trentsisciivon.,ot,:••:o",l;44.o**•.,,..,t,,-.;,,-t;,....,•••!!!•• d !or, obsereel..:an• unus#4l,..light in the b:tek bet -2.",'"ir, Ar.,t9a!,,Frio vra:l'..k.ltdirt.••Laliitlfatifft.k.r.P.Ottieed OS room and gave an alarm. .1,4;i": Pugh wen*. up•tatrs 11.T...009.;5r5bi11:••4'"n.'0inr t'it-t4',,,!,t,i0ft1iiti01.414.44 cite', and .fou id tt book case, ciritfrs,.• &•::.., on tire. Astis,'..e.; :.Wir',/*, "rte'o'nt':'2•4l tind, .11,•.;.• till; Ote'ntinclOhltr.:;.oo,,,,r. since was o'itained and .vire:`.th the aid of hu tkete:: • .111R'r.."`v-4'...•P•f:-.!l.lll.l4'..•fca..l.l•:lrte!iNtihhii:,..-Ir4glitt : long Water brought by willine•ritti4o)i.' ..z. z'he tire stvAi ''!iitip,'ol'46iir,l•o'l,',illeect2444'rn'tio."4-ta',..••:.`.7t.1t4.1tr-,4;.•.°l44l,nnhfre.74,..Y.',l3.j.k.lii4dwtierinr6t.. b•?.0,, 9.-4.1.1 i• • ...'esii•tit?' i cr.:Ait;Ehtti:kfifi _.:'..(3-1 14 t44.4i1 Lidde:e•vititt.the etc nto t'e ex. Liguiiihed. • A niece 0.!.'• Sir e • ZWya..d. stair* to light • -11.1 amp in 'the bte frdOntl.4C•,-aar )14:54-l'''. ••..)d_l.•a • limatnelVersetote,lo-rillir-jfitrhar,.o.4lol'ht, nal it tea ippo4.eti'• that ',.a.tpartitni of . leti.f*kb4•l64l4•• liii%kilit Pie ..ii t.tt.i41,0 '•itA'o:-Of'.l4:tlit*ii,ti'Alii,i i shlulo be have drop 3ed on thep.iper.in thrr.C.S.in..z)l,tc4.o,ithill ..4,0tg1y4;nr*c;ittriti.A.,ba,..•k..4.i.,,,J,..4.10,4d",-,-,,,,i art,,,r,..,t 114 Pi.; had even la l'. to the b.4)0*.;:-.., COO' tpld., othiir of tin',o•gleiiqiilista*iiftin.24l,l.l?o,o-",:,inieersed ita a' el- - .which iii4theiectitk.. iptitt. ...itfe g' „the efeetureblet..thefiALitainetre ti he ,ytaviatior,s,:, .ati.r;e•is.eatimated at £2O .„. ••.•••21:•''',;!}.:,':,L'il ":' .•.:: .: :(Afte's use $Ø felt 0,4:::14::tt)10:**ofir 'had been mini -, w/swicS • ,i-sp, .tijaiAiiits,i,ll.4DitED., L7',L,)ttitiiitti•A'er.','.'.'. far.r4Pkv..#lll4:Akiittii.siotoo•tted 0 a 111'sili*. . • An tzinsina•-,)MI f0t,',:11•vb,.."--Sia:riiittl•'"l.o.ettiL'ittinttit'jni .44indrotit4 \Poieili?e,:y4pio .*oirstsr name was an(iutj rels and .£2fretickarliS,OWntt",ili,,!kiiijiiii:ll•ili, 11"..e*-t' ..t5,j...0.‘,0t1.*,!4./..:t.64611.:; p),,il-4 or a Oon•eiyaLitre-.:, t in on •th'i. 3r. i• ittsr:44o!ti)44.:iiiteirfftiKS oterertiritta: •!,e-"rt°,•:),;•••°'`.1:01...4,'40.0,f. rt ..,'s• „..c..l,..creleryetfy.l‘4;rbut: 115 • - ' •• • • • i••' - • -Iv Ar- i- 1 ~ - . .719.."•.' 6 r.•;'640r6:14404 1 ' •:f6Nit5tEY44:1415V,....14.14• -i Of the,•.,P..)U.P.1nqn•t1i,:w1ig411441.411,.',1.,.:.. ...rty,,,V..l.tq. 9.,T.e • tp trie.em.l)lo.'and liike::aiaeft,.?.::"' 1.7%frig54014::,..eqkg tr &ii*-014-;r40.4,9 r phi: ~.e.* 0t.n_6.!.., '"-LlAti.e•.at.64l3, '-..t6 0 represvnt; thiSni visid.ti•ktr ' • ' "16.„1)4,44:,'"ffltriai'; ,awards ,• Tlie•Oatuinino44,;ol,ll:iftito9h.,4o,l4sPl hear). , fie...ie.:pi ev fulty, OW neifiLftitt,ta,,./4,..vifa,`Vt-.01.,:. Inspector of, r;lit'igths. 00110 tialahlffiLoyeJaati-pre-t ao,,A.n)iin thi. hinta-tr:39;o"th lus))l3l:4orethrid..thae)ri fiented.thoui:•telVesfir.'•.ftenilfnetUrtfititikizjike...!,O'de- be ../.Ith,-,1rty,14,0 5e.c..4:1)44..*..;24::*. ~....;;;•.:0% ..., :. ~.•...,:.„, 'tailed re:roi!Cuptlia. this riottilt.The..4o#,VLaivaratett: „ Pfe,. 11•!rr.na .!,and,.it,us ir,m?'•4ctift:•:•;-ithed 7,40,...1..i.ri0k. 'the Win Wie4.'..t*.blbi,lidti fit' £15•1,0. 1044,1.11t•:!ife' for. •..1:49.0"101., . '..":' -• ..tl. t ''..... ~..-:•. '. '.. ' •.....:t•t"'•; ....t.„-; ;;i'1•i!...:.• to,?.'yr,ft.l,o ',Ao,llll.;:.?,ifit,l4Ster :10f4c:Wiset.4* qi :.' se .:*.•••,.. 'catot,q,ci. • lIN l!ettiUNGT32.7.: .E.F.0P.M1iD.:,..i'4,.., ;.r,?' Tebitet;.63; 'k'irttl°'k•l''444 g•:rifil'Ot4t.f.:l,4€.oll:licl '' I...".'ChaTa'4' "1 it.l4zit'',ll'.'Ll'. ffith'.osefe,t'....tiAl)l,': 13:4c.ehloot.lreipeuitlicct?'4");i'rt..711j-,....}111.4•=t4,61.1:14. Pir'7137,47.1.rn- • ;iiad::2.:l‘‘eir'.ls:.st:uttthri!:l:...tf4:ll.7lttd43l6.3lh..i.a‘a.:.ll7tl)4.34."en-n. known k'iiinfrPeif*3' dif.alitiltB9.c'i c'dall4;°ll`)lnt .3.4kr.?.14:...e.L."h13:i6.-10itr...; .foi two:l.'t,araltOt trnirlOrtWitt.**.':: • 1.0.e'1ik.4811,1..,..1`.• 'llllll' .11w- lin" Veit, sm.; Pleasurtres ene,4'"to' .hrof)..4ll'4'. HeatlitelAnf,•WWrO.ll9;l4l,::•:ft,'•,.,refrd lo!(„roXt• D'otplel Rich.trii iiilk[rigroafte(arpointise)7.-as.hhe Coßser- -0 toti ,r Rrition i.W.S.n.'zra., .o)liS:Wif IrC,l9,.r4rri t1g19•111 I.vit ige Ca odfcti-e. ••, ~, ,-' '• ' ,". : , . ',., i r • ; 1 OrAtruni:ar ;SC•ityi ' .k.::•••• -i_..,.".:':7":,:•.,4. ..„':. ~.''...•...:•.'.:".1'.•'., ,••,'-:. :,,-', t :-'.. • : . • .- • Me..Li%itrtin• • seconded; ".ttisTx ;t.eaiitia.: ill, b-tlie F that Canzeni,Aftriliaq 1 44 .w.•.;)l44Sibit.ii. .444 P :‘- itiw,i3ON., Cnloh!•l!Pillciaetttio *•'n';').'"frattacti•Con,sery al ve, ard it " alt', EPS., art trkii iiLtl)k.tltts•hici. Rl64.ot4kst4ltta y:. iinir 't4,Ac' they . Wriuld. retkaiv.Ailia by - ' iii iner!ased habit no. who . 00e1.laj,Nwriatodeitt!„;eth4 f,. 8 tii,3 sillai4l43:::;3ißtaFt..9c-Loiinoen,eilripihniAl7l;l:73netiffill: , it n'lOnt'iol-I,..tbe're :11',zi,s,11;i..,..,•;1::iietil:ji,;t:•47tlifiytli:..tuati: ••• _;•• ;':t • t.. . . 4-!trhtien:ertyhebesn;nmmitnhak:hnenv, season itv'th•theit"..friert ' Earieeto ?in Piiit;Biti: •iiakfl:ifiliikleptiittrari-eigotii, (.!n,,,;,1,,.. id in the divisio.a. (A vo'ne, "After you,'" ant t) varicitis,:phiCeSiiit:t ' irft#....,P44...' pp tA. .sefec, b...,, t' , , :le reasro?u tic. tlons #ti011"0f..444.",1t. .V• 11 104111.41"..k-?-•.'Se'S'tiv".'"; p.aking for Astr:3to7l-'shillrilisuaPecllredJOlre 3tßYblinis4-n,nt. tion tifittil4lo4ifielifit,fii • ..s(l4fl,4itte hi[tnr.tlie-1 8i 8, .ra .d G • tr. r.• . P • . L. .. s,l Sil • .r avt ..tablo. Mr. Owbridge, Newt n, re-: tiaw.l.-PPW-0tw.,..„...,t,00„.„„ ~...,,, ~,l la la , ~, lu.ir-ed that' es Mr. St•rine wnufri out it +TA, the New. tronethe:pcopu-,, It.:T.tl4l;::Ltri;.'o•:Yr,lPA*,_:l4[FLAP.:.filn.:s'l.3se-.." unia.B ".0 ill c ..n.i.i.4.ny sipport Co 'met Ptlitington'. ' • i-,,,e,zoiiiiiit,mo.lllo., :15$444gr:Ieeid.zpir.,:t1),Z•ligteria' 01: '.. lie ehiiraiim th.a put th t resolution, whicn Wag •ti4i4..,44titii.•:::..Fost....iipVii.:44?,g#o2i.Z.kn'st., 4:0, •.e.t tried t, unantranosty and with Kre.it en -huviastn. fe.J.ltn.lif)-41.".•:00 t44;',.., _Lfiffr, .Nf1ifiF.1.174..,:itc11ii.;4?1,111...05 •:. •:. ,' :,• Tatt CANDIDATE'S :ADDRESS. , 1 iL: . . ' tiP112.WED.,..• ' . ' -..T4W-Lt.'""r; '.l.i'',r•l'".".?...*ttYijr94.i6ila''t).l.6CEl-..,..P210riel Plkington, introdooNt i,ny ',he chairman and of *6.0.,01-o:.,iloitictiiiyit.iiiv ,‘, : .444 ti t ~.vy -z,,,.,tey,,,kci'L: AI ifurponse- ain't senopane, ;Iv Is' given, a in .et corniel and tlongregii-iht41.04•1*.; . - .. . 5.....treti .2 tt.kir, ,:ir',1144. 11,. esti] -11e:d•re t ex-remel v ,hono.l re d h 7 the "At;ei.ifitrniFtiri'OF:th.l.l)-4,ii•k. . Fq„ ~.i,,,cliski:rx 46,....4/0it;), ,:f .tiOngdcvlee, the? hid j ir. sho lin in re- tt.e. iver1ing....0,0„...0ei....„2;„:,;4..,,,t,..,„,.....,.,.0, .47ic..,,,..,,,,,,,..1,...k...,,i,i,.,„...,,,,,,.;, :„.e.:7,fit.; at 4..;,.Kfi?1.,0,1ne."Zhe Conservative .c..m [idea- - -N-•::,••••••$t„ Int:e.r.:Niernher' ).-- for the Newton I)lcs.on, • -s of ~.,...A. Sale ot work Vrt;,ti beldln.:tike. *o"2•o4.l}°•"*°'-'•°. lalio'lnk.nteWl'ul7bri..ts4.4.. co;-17.iot'n'tt:".-riso°163 wine 1k.".3:.,;i:1eztr:re.e::1::::!.)7.,. -- '-' • . VdliC4lNA.:**.X4*.tfit': .P,,':',5)4.0.q.,.4,,.. :.ir,.....,`,.,, : l''' •••• ."'. • . - ,on Frt•lay an 1 :•.i. twiny.. -Tr,. ,R,v, . R psesm9l.:n ..was untien;siirit flir him to spelt{ to them on thagenerat opened the -pro ...•eed-•nge on..prkday,:tAnd,"...,ll)lr•ga.,.. rAtf...,:ts'S ".polit-reit...shity tine; but ho shonld like to•say A few 'Words . brief addrers...o24.4i nil:4. tilts: o.4leillti„ ~,4.f.',,t, .. 10. •':.,..l,o44.4!;.'l9..Piiiitticiite:ttitiat' subjeit," Us war ,a loyal•• eit,itairtbs.oft :ettork. There,"„*.o onl y a SonalOit.:JifilLikl9fde!„,..4f,:•,f4frit- preseot. (t; ),•..4, Appt s ilia) fleolo4^*" pening; btitolli.:•imay be .attriNs4tlLib,*llsll:-Titet'.:kic it laratlirie Of the beet that E iglaisi• had areu,fd.2o3a,dyi! :it 4a.ingiMrirstri)likiweek. Tii.ooo.,Pi, OPtin*itaVy, s.iiiiyi...3' fßts.4t WAS certainly a Very 5tr0nff9.4.2000L,,. ,44. sideoorafedieitkkgs,, ever.zreetii,"•grlitl4:.,ini 'either me c ibitiet WAS. full of the very • 'bleat •-rl)),lji, ildi.Of the roliiii,,Miers... was a dielttl'4o ,:i#Al; 'NO, 1. country, (Applause) They were men .Of -Stall being in.ehtfig4.'itif , Mrs .-, SOU' tkiia :4154 A mark, ' and .. the c.nuntry. . bad at -.. peak" I,liiAt ,• . . ~ :Nnylor, and Ntir,2 stall. irL• c.ts• (A.opiaur.) He.. wi.. , a loy•al eutipirtili't,,,-,n.,„,,*t .viborle ind 'Miss fo,...Militip,.. 2. 114.4.,51.t.cP1--Ai .'i;:rtl'.4.l:l3flPY:6st'ttlsli the der :fonfl,tte:tatit :.,o'lliefirndlueneca.et"t'l i•-:l:r.l....Sathliaa':!:::::pgri.:!-47 Wien th ty lonked at tbe getitorst.resultvottOs 0. ant, .was presided over•by."Mre..tievistei*, MisirM..:Listrri-. ‘..balf year's. 'a.itninistration -of ..thWaoreintrietititifief 'eon, and Miss S. Platt:' ...The retietiiii Meat"- ittill NitiA .in charge of M.re 1•41,........ny1p.r..tind Mrs. Platt'. DUtiug woksfaunti ati they olght ,to: it very proud ot.••:".•'"Vi*, the ereojak..io_ng, 'trOvitendaysd by Mr, T wem low, •uoverninent 41:id, nidits d;ffil:iittifis,ti.itteneralrci trOi.** Miss Ord Mr C:..P.l#t4:.,l,oAss' J. Niel-tin, and MiAs S. lie; strice.the Onverniii•nit:6!„nanfrito:pOwer• in 189$i ,Nsyt,or;:ank.kelOtioAs.,-tin the duicitney by [tlatter _ country had beettinoteeatisiO,f hinee•tte.),ur s, ant:l'l)o4 W. tayler. :The'..prOneaos are in aid •of the Sunday RtiesparOu 4 tball'betnnfi,".'(AllPlats'o:),''.'The r suit of,:i.' ' sphoiel.istd.Wlding:..Ooroo ie.. •p!,iriosi the'. Goderehi:ntet, ,i4:o,oot.bsd been sirnini- rp'erslid:; • .(Ls,id•applatill.a.,)flli# 'tiled' settled [ha l'.•••••• - •-''. ''•!' --;ST. HELENS. . . ~. Egirpt,.,-wiren,..Wal . idietirOustd,..ind had relleitned •D..pper R.OPObetNouditit;:*,ltojiitketitlfely goi3o,4znd ''.'„ •••••••:',, '`.,:i•,•::-. ---- ' , •_ the poWer,t)flbAilit)oo.•;il4ll,ffifig,,wii,tureatly tb,,, the „':••.•', • .• : .!Elii•te`ritt.O. AcCIDENTS AT Srt, • fitutvs. ' •:',..t -00,wpry,thp;';'0164V0,16#34t•Sfittr!ti4, th 3 . tracllty. " I. 'titlif' 1?4", i#4i.. 'WO .4a ot . ... t5+.10,«•,:. ~fleat ta-r•ta % aa•42,•,'"ititiiitanolo,:;;"ol.- Zhe ',':.ftie.)diszt.VS:',:, With ....Finfiftir : -it 'l66Ykilliii.lo4;:io.l',.'WtnrazkO( lkllfi Al ey -r )1d , ISgi '. 44 4:: '. ,14 4.4 % that .. .. US ' :iiitli*.?..l 1 pit '' -the • :4 U *ion i •t '.slol4l6ltr'!".iiehtit scrt?' n"Paenc" 11.)'13 ;at .rin, 'Ctoveentnenti:z''lrequii...JW;',4)3o--..te[otitiniand',, '.lllii•fgb filbatnT:ing.'l4.-.4,:troinlinsi4,.; ••,.,.;' '''.7. ' „. . . .... ~, . ; : - 80148*(310 ''' 144;.7ig0c005i.;::;1t1.1 Eiio:teitetif.':(Anie ..: ..... . ..: :Tint ,As:teesit.:Brnitaitpfirli.t ST. HELEVS. thi55t...ii49:,.440PM30.1i4,"--.41P76-`i::t-F.;0rOon‘ell'•••:"02.Ph• .. Airy ni thoieh. Als; ,•yrifint,4.ln w,,0 ita. t n4so tßipe• s4ietE,' by „ the: sirsient4 .p..),,.9bllii#o;!eidovlB9s.•;•.had remsnditi at Sa..Hetens, • ,Wa snigni n p'ace.L*l4l,:d.arh-••restilteltin'•&itate of .pf!Par•etftiissti,•nistal....aii 1 ,mtlitary, oo ,Tuestlay,•on a.charge of tiersksr•a lit; nntering.•:the'•;•which' inalsirod .no • eleyeW'•.:Million,,,ti'6,-,...; .eatidOnly 'eat 0 yrkhing-honse, 1, W ilt o n-s :Met,' And tt I tlin4 theNiftol.2lfiori' the ft take' Englln f ; hut.. iii,h39ttenaltiled 'one of the a silver ive,tch and chain, value 2s the..-P•rorYtftilf, •strotigest ile tts sever seen., •iinitelitik, only some S'ttirei,••fai '.EloCh Lawtenson. Chief - otinatablet,,lrct*,-ntsttest..tfte• .thoroughly clinplets'their*qtifonZeLib, (LD'itrEo,lElise.) circumstances oft'irt case, A,.0 SEN:3l24C§:etweiftv...-0,thi..., A. ion} greater • diMcfna.slo ',:fi(dmif.l !;hy :the :present o and tWo cec:ollt n Toloscity ,mbritilrit lnse, Mrs...,,Lini•-• Diov• rnment was brought Ake irdny'rlitilittllnin.towards renado was awakened Mitt sa•wtstpopri•atriva.,•Lotkli-; ilit.O: ..America at the time of tha.:Loadttlx:trOultle. For many' the bedroom. S ae• atictiv el 4 .fier-ttlSbtiotf;•'iliattla.f,e?dr!' `tee,rif past our affecti)n foh thO' '.1,101.te1l State had titsl/4--• was ir), the houne, wbertoporrpriebner' Lit( .•..tteL.itiet!h^fr-,..abaateK than the Arnericur,affietberf for 6c but i'n:letinsi; room donr aid ran tiProStajtsr,44t::., ~, Xn,olo,.,[l.l'„rnii.„qu-intte of our rece4Policy.lie (ietieired•: that there-it/4 dcwuttairs and found, the kittChen'eacl ..,, tr.-tired: ask vc.i,y,little '. to, ehootie- bst.Wein ',theta in thiat•r•elinge? °Pee. A. erat en and chair!' bait isitt.m.Vik' .'. , ~..A;ioiiitsifftsi7. •ED, 4,9vlci.:.loo,ot,Tch;:l4•:'..e.',..9tlleri'peint, bii,t.,'.040 'ie.-. iv Vil formation- '2 liege'. NIP.' 401.14e4.!ati lli. ,tii.lit.,•'

piece. Ofor, •. afernoin of that . daY• prisoner. 'sitiapfff,litigisterzaorq: Lawrmson what she had been 004%* itit,'Nck.;-'W told him that he had broken into"4loo.,,,tiOn4olitth4, night. He said,it was a lie. Wberi.a'r*ited wea in anoth,r pa of thetown at thett:4rie{-7.life.Wlical /aid, they had been unrible to trace .the Watch and and they had been enable to eet elrroh2vatlve Mrsliwrensoe said positively that Gloker *as tlie_inaa. She am his faceoini it was for theii.,worshipa to eay wberher thrre was.a prima facie cise.Hlq:ol,lagisipit.es' : Cierk said there Was.a case If the prisoner...v/4s cNii4ad, with, being on enelesed premises for a felciolous poi:p.ose. —The informatiin WAS altered, awl.* lildikwasswnrrr and endeavoured to prove ad 4ilVliiit-e/a;S:fierrioti'.. prison for a mmth. 4• - . • , DiAON'S thDRAMA ANIi-131.PR.Tam AT ,•. PARR HALL. 74"47::;::.. • ;.There hive h,ien eXt.:.elleue"hadVisAWMF to witness.the entertainments 'proir !..,Y,1110:ye00'15 Diorama and Gipsy Chbir it; " ~;I"err. The entertainment deseri.ei'..itipikert whrevttt it appears .as it and . essentially educational.. Ls mot ably Colidieted by Mr. Dyson liiitiSelf arid on 01.40 business lines; it is full of varietlaiitVie?snpphOed'. by a'cOmpany of talented vocalists mentalists. A different tour 'is dQvoed s*lo. evening With appropriate sOngx,,ahrl..lo...'Dyedria'al, the lecturer hold the thr 3ads of t,i'l!,etibieCt clI in- hand and • describ s- the ,-,pciintir; of in- terest '. of etch. scene in .610**tiku'e gunge. • The, visit" of , the .Ddira*s.',,-. to the town has beer' a decide I pNasure 'ttl4:,-Aerrington 'people, 'awl Mr.. Dyson and his Corn/01,0Y, which, 'eeems to improie with time, are todie,:efingtatglated on the stieceii:of their efforts. ThiSiaatiitschY there will be a rdatinèi .".Round the Vtorgi".:eind in the' evening the:, -iu,!).pci-...:0f; tA tour will be Eait' •Anglia.." c.TWcreacred song . seivices will be held on sunday afternOon and evening.

• moßg GREAT, Crltffl of torturing; disfigurina scalp, and blood hinnours, aro daily. xisatle'ln.OknOtista remedies than by a'l other ekin.and bYpeid: revicl4k4eit4:! billed. Tile' b‘,st puysiCirts endorse wild; piliefritiktlOni:. Cherniat4 eirefywh.!r,e recoimmend thern, puiesWeist, gentle, acd effectivekl*nteff*Oally appeal to 'nsiettiets, nurses and childy4t.• • Aftiyna: baths with Ctrirdonla SOAP:• gentle anointing* ivith:Pertarrte, purest ot emollient ekiit dukes, f )Ilo:wef hir.rpilu•doses of COTICURX Rasocverir, greatest of blood Pui.ifflr.s and burnour curie, wili cleanqi the t peen' by intisOiaj. and external cuedi•'ation'a every ernfi Oil end qtlty,inti cnim it ute fle most effective:skin cures, VlQiii,l:psitalers, and humour reinediee of modern times.' •

v.14E1

4,ffi'o4f,

71,41

•:,.sthi.tlitit Ofi•VreMs ,en , , arhams ..-..).1i li6ised ,a/A-ndite'ved jit, whid ,bci`,..tapplauss)..4llli,:tfdliTl. ictsi,idf•l)ao.toli3V3lly supp.ortliil Government:W*l4* jupportere. (plod Apptaus%) ~. •:. :-.s. • •.• (*)ici'enthiislastic about. and 0 :, Which their alfsG,•!sfetolt't 11301 ....Oa the mo;ion of M. IN% fiollarut .G.weth!.6lk,e.., ' ' .. 'ffr, ilorron,.the rneetioz decl3red .03logi ei. f. el W. ' inaton to be a fit and pr)per o%udila...e;: iihd Plel ... .., . . self to use every legqimate meadtto secure hittii.** ant return. • • .., ''''.'l':-In. ,•`; 4. ' . Lgict Germ' mos hearti!y thank A ler, his 7p,te!,end.e, the motion being proposed by the chairmen,,:: and. , sechnied by.Colosal Pilkingtoa. • r Thanlis to the chairrnal emsel the meeting. z ..,:i.,... _ • ,t •Ti., ,

hóu

. • .

)1a s

¼

.. _ . .--':',- .'1.,..!,*•,.....:.:.-,,,,:,',1c••.f..;4:',v .. . . . . . . , . . .. . '' ..." '.!•,••••,'..'1.T.,ite.i!,,, .....

• ......_ FATAL A CCIDE NT. ...AV' EARLESTO WN. , , ..,. . . .. • . , About 10 o'clock on Mo ad ayi:;tiornilig, ii, shrieking aCeideitt b !fel a man, si4 nue i'tiio nas' Bauiton, 57 yeata.-,uf ae• wuo ive I i I f'.`arw-titne, NS vten ant w4s,,etiii..l.•;,e l tie a ;r.. r. - hy;•lleliers..,Fairelough artiliS,ah ~ SI tilers, ii:tri,:;.etti ;in an I, •Wa f.-inAton. IS,'appeirs wi . engine bellaging to .ihe,. Loiaddn ant:lj.;forth %V Lireatn. It .if vrii- .Cliitn) am y la ail ithaafiyd thteiSijbaded..wagglitts off ' 51e <eel. fly ins and to'ii., 0n0tt449-,Oicl.ityzh'-i wareilou,ta siding, and' 110 II- ; :04,,,1yth.a...,*.i,t,a4itiiv,i, o h4r„rgets;',Was waiting to deal,' 'i!afth''••*itiant4'•:•fiit•to tifa-,8 ,O,cili4'.'-.1r1401i; 0 PlV'f d..a,Wa• the br i, ..R.at..i it do ia g Ith.k. ,-' hig?...444.,.,enng n t .:1ii.,t,144. ed tvi;ig • iff; ise 4,. cr us tital,ls6p Wiiiii;;Vie ',W4i•ehott,..e.... will, 811(1 tilt, riatitsitiu sile':L•i• ichetr..,relknied.;' he WO," found zo be aerletasly injar.e4„;9ff..'.Wiii,.:telftiovet. to Ar. Hattuia+. .I.Y.r,i,2l'arsoe4Faiel• W<ine<ay W.4re.": euq,lll34wlo?.iitSmay I ).u.lid, that: t nOre.Was no .hoP9 - for t i0..'01tf;f1110900034-11;`tii4:116 IVieirllinVdcl iiolll Wt4T.4:32ei'4id,4•4!)-atitoiett,binti,'aftr. *Ards.' • , • •'. .' :::.:.:,:,-;:: • ';',..':"., • ", •*ig,:INI;RIE4T. • ..,....r.....,.,....,,rn ::::f., 'Tinc:norntinfkiw• AND TRK JURY. ' . fiirk*.4oo.l(l/0*:; O.*: MP:themes/ices wis hell at the -.RigiVaria'a-oti •lirel-•-.49thly .evening, by. Mr. S. Brig- - hAii...e,'obio:s:Pe. •*2di!..-;47roM.1•10C1 W4B foremen of the A sf"i< • Ai- IVaitia, aidiseicnr; wan. rig -.01. rep-ssented the mecea 4 •d's 'r ilatl ire';,-.sdr. 'banes Fa i .01,iugh,Wurrington; .!Ilsoe-it3r Wyn..e4:' j,:!.',12.i0u and No, 'h -We t •rn Railway, ;frllFo,l4,il-.; and. me. .i.arshati', I...)eumotiva Department, o•4fringtool; vier° alSo present. ..:;:".±...tif..4i,g6,13011t0u Bald the_dealased r•lem%s Illui^on wik "."tin:i.:44o?*n 4.044 livid at 'Crow-la ne,ll, -wt m. lie WAN' A tistge,ooso9ara. Fairrilough and SJI:I4 AUd was 57 yeirli(iiiti,iiii.birtriday;:l.:. Sne last 84W him before h'.l reoeir::ll ter lidurhs • 14604. 6.30 Oh Mond ty panning when he Iris, horn-t to go mi.' his work. 110 WdB brought iiume:Axit.q.4.o.aimi lent about Al. o'olme...k,,and be died At .12- OeisifAle.4liliee slay. He .'..iiatinefs ' in. a donoibion, t i -'elictil'arko.„o,*ii.tiow the accident taappenet Drcsased i'v,atto;it'aMityli rnm fir hi 4 iiK4l4-01.i4 eyesight, and gfa ttilearin;, a id hta b ieti ..,sittli;fovaiW Fsirclough 17 , . , , years 4.-,:, ..-.:•,,iTtei#•.Slusw, en engi us arlyer'in the em i'>>?' of the 4.;4es:tf*. A ail •vay 0 i,n44rik.. said tuat o t Mon lay '.,darialug..ite-„teutc a ir tin ef.4fall'ops lib.' to ,tne Flaydook GhlYlo ill> wa WOR'''',.,Obc.:er-,wagoos for Meisrs. tktfreP?ughsti, airing, and '-triir.y, oreiv.almast up Ca the ~91114.4:::>,11.10-.t..,Were it ioked off '1910,..-foreinin Nayinr,, and :f1i4.•6=40.4471.1y, :.,iii,sit:lll,,a9,3 he iraVelheit'4.. sigoal to s'bp. ; 'Er•ii.".-14,geti, ~.. , . ...,:P4..ict:',':wi,hln i h34egot.'s •ivere a. few yards ::-IriiilV`treviltaitebeftat.`44oor, .44:0ciaiekii•zin .after aietn and : y,.,,:ttriz_.„:t...''t .o.Mtadle wagni, and the yo,,,s.egai,arave.vslsmss....' sys!,9*.ienfiri'he. ear i neer G'43 end of the sir<icia.Y..,'.4e., jorvig.74i3..39„4b6o.taklng•hlniatea)i.. In reply icCp'4l,SfArtorier. WlXtrtia3::.o34:t.l.qs , wagons were bit a 1? 4riji:-...'11*41.1g 1. froficgo4:o'lo*qogo:oelfoljig. :1 'rnejlt*O4V2ls '''':r ' alk? i*U,Sea...lDge!hetfhtltt 'W tire, Cl.'., ao•apl id te'th .ea gi ie. Wire i:itr,illo,iiii44:4 • to st 01), t v., beet wago. :4 a Lila ne4o.o4.o4.ghtnweit in:: ;ate t m ssiiar, e act . ti,,(l. *it ,41,4)644,01,416irit. tie sof F,autrun N.ayl)r. The 104,/.ss.„"Qiiitit,i,„.l about 'three wAgoa leegthe fr.tr.tCtiV.4.lfWilo!.ll7;,, wden doce 4 li.d aCt. mi-lt-tt !":440::;.'-'4,4',:3".3,44l%';itir'aitifi,. down. Ile did not t.hiurt the aguua qu c tly. Witat would hi ye happened ~ if ..-tr0tei....i14.4,,..,._., „vas to the taraker?-Ih-y iv out-Abet'. i1.,,fifZei,57:,;2201, fort er than tk)ey did. Tu..), vii 94.04, 4,*77... LI citli Ref to 11r. Ilrait, wittleil efEliitirffiSl9Se.tsifile <ha lett aide 113 tiJB directtou the, wa X;tof.opeirkipo....: e '-,apiarptot say whethet it'ds,#,..Pkitti',..',,hr.,ks!..llll,ll,-:`.:Oktttiiii: 4.046,**0 i h it iid”.ll4o.442.li'fiii*lnirieA.o4lo4i*eikcei-s.' .x. x Aelt4d.'it eiiy'o he'-'eoati •ti,Waigetheic•ta'i •04.,,, • Tog ••,ce till and of cho line. tViutskiassit.l3o4;al, 04. ; • ~1.4•1ev Old not. VV:44,o4lkk'Pfi,ktfOtilt.'.;ifiiiiii,.: :leat, a-ttektit*llik,w!:g..nr::„a*.t,.,.•ttkoxil #44*-•*11"0, #lO4. - ,;.•gc.itr.liiiiidiv.% '' `l,' .I.h .. :!:Fzp.:,:,':,7•;', 20054.6.1.c1h4'tv0,... . • ,: ~.piti.To lit ir,,isiimr.'.riirde ' g*totiO•d4cklyi '. ~, tliB:uf A -?-ruei would run 4iO4.40•111.::::• tt <,..iriv.5.,:.: • to brake W•Ago is in this :Was ? ' W)Lneil949,oV4.tsajr. Ile bad , seen a Med uie . f . • .'a sprad,.. , •-,1-,., A _I• .. '. Anotrier•inidx Ait pat an ual thiag for Evans ....„,„0 a4..„5,tp0.:,... • ...4#Viiinpa-ty to reliant wagons into biteases,!<l,r,v, .•.i,,,„„g. NA:Wit lase .e,aitl.ithati been ue,e by a 0 'Pi Vi ade:o4 4.4f1;514)** t fit, . 4 ael iff.!atesare. Fair- cle og I's ,T.#07t.k4l . .rnt,tp,! ' ...41.-i I Veda, a n -id Iced down, a ail wa a: ft. lisVfet it.-:. ; 'atat;.C4tnios, iy to du. the equating,: or ' oi,e_.,:, . f1.04..an it •wita their own 'melee ?--iititog-..3trit.,4iitetetr •aaßtning abo at Chi damig p„, ;);•,4 0,--,9Wi*k ..,.!..y,ii,ti, r,he R Lilwq Cim- .PAQY,D(I.OO.-rtlfl Oft*Otir 'l'iif.- . ii..: ; • 4Z" 4 ;••w,lacii,4o..mtae.iii,,,' 4•9liinkt/ tits:depolitiona,two of i '.thej,ivsa9l9r4r'eoii 4,!aati:itier'erl convers.ti e-i, aid :he'o,:upiKairitrerti,Jat4.7*: Xitrlirlet "I won't tet th 3 point ~iiip.--,,,,!r.,: ' , ~..''.1..r.,111*".1,1 ' Tit!, 6:fri,V.y 111,19'.40190'..ntnch' addressing the two jak:TheO; cialg 11,y3,11.444.*.tiruat tatty were sayiag. lid. ~./far. ~,,upol,1000:t,t1:4.81i,13 it W&J Lila ose eat- ing A rn,,,:;1t'..,, 3tr0.0,; 04: il.. it'new nathiug abm% a. di4 ii. • Ati0.43q.0. h 3 would mitt liai-,3;.tfigii.",id; 7 .- .*llit, ,t .40A: 9ittzif ou,d co.ne, but 2 tney bad trotaiix , '. alreePfl'P,'.. f.iiit• tnie The jurnif, Ite. "•ytiur• pardostr•-• T. 1.1 C,)r009r..., I.#in.,..judga of tnia„court,,not yo. .. : `..l.l4VrtnivesVoo44l"4oAlket gspl,34t OW/1 dafti la:iti -t" .? ' 'l,oo•4l.isrtf:A.Pqr 113:Werd..; binao:: riuic'':?4P?4•ll.4l.lj.!o•l#CY'.,•*4?•o6i' suit '4641 ti4l9, 0: 'WIWI 1)..,,,Cai1ed:1441114,Y1 „Illtfi4ito'..;tbOrt warehriude;^ waggons <if iiiiiioo 41,t0n.f.',:iiiii-it'iocins.aort Norcte: 4144 western ii4W44. . .oAtreif.Och't line :a from the lattir Intl rstrdWil , 'Riiiilii.D.l.h.this Piti:.iiihrlae day Flea'''e'il.i :!**''. nOrg.:?;:f..-P•itre!nnPn.'.s and it 5ht4,,,,_, fr,,t 1 ;100,e1 ...".I;liaa,i''•., trx:•:•sitigons fieM.Erariee ~ tintl'A 'lief ...... 0.90'. t......;###sll..oelife, Ito tt)o;loo‘.t(in *-.9.-5014411, • '..P041i.• ' :itisl4•Qa tt.X010.04,440a. • '. . . '.••,!,,loii.Aia:igt`o•gittatie!'i .• ,')Oircio; , tigfilidalatkOt• . '*zrKibcaoo;;,l4, fla*.i,•4lTP, 1.4 '.:. ••••, • a.O.iitt- ~ ;,•., ria'aFa.,,fannli*figVi4o.:o44l.lll 048., 11 1 pAcoteo4.ltiiAtflistf. Pafitt:ii:;' a •it*irP.TrOr• 'marl 'l4*lcE.aliiir 46741001dr*5P.4:06*41.04',W0re:t0 g(rbf:. ~,.p g4vii.'6,4i...ilfecAttai, aioitadipic to be ptitit .P. .(141.,?.kixicti iit*ilekarth 3.4 ,triVrrieri4tfti.afk,:b3daus , *:. , 't4.4-emia Apz-ettig4 ttie''eniiii.;it it*-104Qtaese .Ifin.Okftle t4e the raitti...;.Tne"..dirrieiriesisii.,iiin the 'piCi•tie ti4fiff4rittiqu;Se, a OM% Visa •aixiut ~.gttte.:s4:,yaidi.: .likOter,stEett.'oo tba piints. ' ecoy4•o, •bccit- f . .'. -4,P0011.!0,4900•ti.tive vriseselelAtis..,SictStle-P°futi; 'Mt4 .IS.iii '",titilltd, teilielnitiolit:,'N;liyazae. by '066 - Aafa slJgt ( dmn 'iv. 'After phi, t:iW.agona';'had been. shun tti ' „ RO;,flotalt ari'vaff at theifeado'nel wagon to gek,..:' , ::,, cli..'calie „and Yair.2',wito .:stet-„'d. by Rad tiOnviiu."; At; .. ,:.-itguel-;"..loulaort would JerSaiit'or itiVen,- Irt.,ll!** ,Iff,i)kiior.Shinisii cluo -*hes he. .went Co tia' a .?i .840* witners coliMeee claenisoh catnebi coeffP,St, '... Alt; Warehonie wall acet Vi4p-ltureed rottrin Aciiii...otit,i. atjtness's sight.... • '.. .'' •. -• ' • • ." Tite (OrSoif es .., SupPo e:,nFither, parr nor B)ulton hi. 1,,, ,ffb,no inlli.i. fki;these Wag* whali Whilld have tisedme k.,"ci .of tbentf.4 - woul4 have gene..! right into the warei` : bg480.,8114., ..' • ttigte ; tiebauSe 6,C ~the itithirt4.:..'. 'foe -.. ' lyie -049,1f,* -. ;',(o,fo,neli.;•' WS ..Waretaciiiik!'la4q,67.,c A p3e . tr 4.o.ln'it:: .-o#o.tet**!.trl/2'..4ne Yeroo'.e % : ~, •• ~..*-,a 'flirt that ~,f (i .te-0,pp..,64a .1-.-Ic''.-:4ll'alirelou- Res gla'S: '-. Aariaegediti".o9Wie4Pebe,S of wakWni. bung bumpeded 1,6 ,It may have toria. :',. •..,,.• 1 !, ,y *i '....:1 .tia tho Nar .t t lip :h...Weirn te.aßeiti4.4 t,,,,,41.41,7.- ~,.;. , ..,.; t,v;.,,.:, , ..,,,,,, ~,...,...,:,...t,,,,,.:.... ,;,..... ~.i,,..poi:tvitclolagli' a. ,antilMimee bilie'viiiigiCiii''itiit, .o.wa.:tioilea,?-I*. Wberif,;.;l7iejr,ri!'. traY19',44:07.1-3)a it ttie .„.e. . !•.;.' •_ ,f ... I • --,': .",.°.',Z.‘',':,t.".:••• ' . :. Ir‘DitrAn9 4- celrine9tlo3'4,4l;ltglat.i.!•ci 'lent '4-:fsrnhPirli., . '24oioki, rii,..itt*it.;•,,.,,t:,i..4..,..1)-,,,,,:t.,-; .•' .. . ...- • ;.,-..16..r0iii. ....., •c..N.L, fiN ............................................ li,iit'Ry.tAltit :Al: . ''' ' ~..40t.1h0...-*,44benat.f.aec-Of the. 142;e0d,r:- . ..pldpuger',i•';!::::r.P.'.r'.:::i-,:i '..;'."--.'• S'"' • • ' ' 04.Wagbitt bad 'gtelfi up *00444 •.,•;„ , ,• ~ ,:, ,kiiid•friali*hino,eined P-Teey ' • ' -IY-tile.'Oeveci of tile' yard. 1'..... ."....40 .k • - EtT ~. , , 1 tit pt. r, iktaaa.iabe4tiei ttie brake 'was '.,*4,6-t. ~..41:11 .'lol''' a;"•,line'ir.,-ifahet :her:lan 'block -OW*: ' .4,4oo.63:?,,tveolit.N.A4kvcompa4,•iFittiunt- ',..i.lo44V, ''• ';'•'''''4lr.l.:;-'.!4._,.,t,Y•'.:::1'!,:,.',',.;%,' • ;.:1::,•':.:-.1:,, plif, 0014* rkniAtiiii, illite.o44i'. Witness fiao-waii his 'eyidtitiitii:toP4atratgattokvipii4.laiaailient ittaioKai, • • ••:00.044edi'rebbrit,d .... min.:l4t:,,saittini4:•,•9lr•••.• did ,Itit':g4ioaloo 6ie way t*.r ' ';,24,07t0'..put int) oe,:th mght J 3 , .polreiCi, ~ di,rafrhe (make t . 0043* •ictisotefi...kd ,iii*Olei' waioiiiiiM .; ii!ife't Ple boisc. ~ it ~„,,,,,, ~..,,,...ttie''llialo endi. rad'ir. '• it nine or ten kiriirik4ek tn '4l) ,b.4,k4;',44:id thelt.ifivagori caught :binitien.-aiibaet:andlturried illip rbtind.litifains: the wad 119.00', was. S • Iftai,<o dtabOn:. 7 letibea at:one sida between „theMirefaCkirse'crope'r and the wagon, aril' 5 incnes ou.tne othe.exide.•, Be cent& 013.t.iee that 8.1464 was to blaMe. ifs did not blaine..the .4t)hilway..Company, he Aoull only .'a„*.lhat the brakev.vias'atift, iindit Was', difficult to gat it 'oft. the carripr.. ;. t.1",,-...:• ;;,,One or two cif'tliep.rf talcrtile, witge7 wai a new,ons, r'aid in ceriavejuenba tile'.69ake work s.l st,iffi. Mr.' It wag ,0011.defectivgi '-'..Z;I ji.',:t•.: .' . !. '' .• i',.:!After. a leeg04::: i i". itien in pilvate, .t 11.3 . ittrY 1.E.:- Aliened i iir,diar, .000 ; • 'At trial death." '. , ~', *. ... , ':,/:llltiri'rei roloughv4:'. ~d the sots )w gp the thin, at the 7aiiiiliient. IloultOn: hOW.l3een with topei::A.; -gerill' many letis,• and had neeo•,,kgood servanti..iati..o;ltjWali'agaiba4 tne;.wish of the firm ....'.pp.rg.':- any pethelg".Mtati-..letipuid•do , ;anything to jopardiSr.ttieir;linei: - :.;:•;- .... • . .-. ' ...:•f.2,:i4::: :•":',:;',';':',,,:„:'..:Zlro(:4A.:rff.,-. .:'''.. •:.'... ': ;'.".....,'.',':::•;,:,,,..!':'',i,„:4‘,4..::;',4-',.: 2- ' t. : '-'...'' .-, • H ifternjoa Mr.• ' ' - Henri' Warcl;;ienp•efintaadeittyliddatabstid the sent :leis of the WC81.07,311134.1844.1r,•,:0,1•1401( viiith,referecice to ,the worlc.J being carried:O.d. bY.Oir.:."Thomle-ii,;sP.ephensott. in I:,on'- don and otheilifai-ge Cities. ~.,f1:40 annual ' collection ill all of the' funds elf -the beeneall,wie..', afterwards inade.ancV teak z3cl ri:goad sum. Cla Ceii.Aenaff..-EVe sOM9 or. ttni.-• tien2 tiers: of the caapel ch..i r a nd....t iad.her3 of tle :Snniaat7:. •tiO,OV:Orjtil sevetaillnuats lei. '.tervi.village anct.weign.i., ittint4'i*hece they sang sSasOriable.bymns,,? atid•iii, .114 viai'a GUM of R 1 103. wee „Obtained lei ta*saina . . ~ . dajact. . . , . . ' " LINSERD t.:O mPO U N 1) " . (Trade Idark) gives Rio .pretoration without streiw,9iti„, 131 d, Bgid by Chemiste - - ,-Adrt, .., '. . ,

.. • . • :•::',I4.OTES ON . GAMES AND .? .:' •:::. -': ' ATHLETICS. r.. .. .. :•.•.; ~....../i,p.Gfiy.•,FOOrii4L,L... tfi!i.: Lli-111.4y. thatches h.aVe at )ir.,€ ri izerv. satisfsetorY, fro. ei ',.il.- *4rtiff ii eh • ,p;ii el t. 'of vie w, otil'r. 'oda. Adi • thiree- eng ageniehte b ~in.t": we ii. 'ariil•that (due an- indite tirkui.go. dkieu•djy. '4 i ; k3ithead 'rynciarera 'pi o4t lder s•Wtii:iiailY ' tun With xi:dee:practice' Maks:h.-oh Sato; dig; ....*O4 alrere# . (pi te'xiyt. J3,4i44,1; di, the W,iledii,o -;I: gtout'le'',..:Thte•NleYs • .'rengton;nisclie,piiiYfid•a p drth; ularl y. st-lietoOf.**oo'iljt , the er0t.410,,.• lialhe'lrOin'llia.three.-3ti4rterlig.t.liiiiti?gl. :Mad',..th :dee,. 'lciredd, aid iiii. mn; a trio or'fille.f4o4-44.!* Lag.t.itirTok, ~,trii;Li..) wad' liedly,a widens.' ee.rridolfSbelktliWilit'' *rho state' id*ient .withesSie / 'A i.e.uj.iya ble Oisio!)WiPi!o6i., 7 ~ bi 11;.... aced Gal./14er arno;•m n i'd pleiadir.Cof si.i4i.air•,Wedeir.eir, ,011.,til#200:*.r.la .0f:2;.• Weints.. ' ' • i.,'. •,,ii..".....'•:, • • Budeirs,lll V...l7KArrittgtoti..was ide Baak 'lisfiday .tit'4.ift,. .01d :trio. g reAt .8-, .passibla lot ~rest .was tade-i„in the. ides. • -,tedt.hetwegn theiii leral.rivafa: ' I •A'7l' altnt'st tired:or reportinl, Vita it. ii no ws. years and years sfho I War/jog:l' te.rdefsat'xi, autigorn, but it is a tact, and rem sine one stili-violia".luda,' . Warrington were lickel o[l4 tele. own ground,. krad ny a be im held w them in the Le ‘guil table; but that (earn Wee 11,in,..rti.. L caniiit help: bit adpifip the Runcorojami. •'Ne•,inatteibow‘hadit.throgi 406,,g to go agai LIE: then:l;lh v 4,1 wars trie,,,ktu.,,hitir:egtmoo. make , a creditable) ano N. • F ,r hlif the Stias.A. ~';'tl4,l;itvii reihug Vie. services .if two of tieir. hOati)Pafillrlk ..e./ only juniers fir r• s.-cfride they filled "..ii.sii thritirY. ' , .....' msde ale ,/ peons tteSaltile.in.il;air-litiV4' • , .. With tile:e*Potoi!??.l49:6scotal!SeiACitpi .:Ig• .',., ~ ViaieW,*tkicip :1141:'.1felivr.reor.t..ft %a i eititie.,,ti*-iltieWiiiitilarelVT,&•lejtt ' •it'„ '•?., 40.0' - ,44,,k. ~ • Carder44tfi9y have'doidelajr Artivh. i. d',.. i.4,kt, .",•, .-:,e,•11 perforthan el ,by A. Vtottitt...citt*:'.;.oti'l',/.17. GO. them for their .stfie;34l6l464oirfir, 'l7- • ''' , " 1 i a fairer : ,resti't.• e i.;,••• .1.••:?:";..,!F..1,.'.,•:::•,1 • ' • "r: .... • .7,. '',...'...: ;--'' . ':' , .-4,,,'e:r;'„):l.l,*:.i:•:fo':lf I feel sorry re,ilde:rfri!arringOn tilitopii,',Ali4Y.hid de, termined,to foei.effltie coloured of thev 'ditts'n• ;bd.'s' tilde. and bad tdartt.l,iftiliclifraifinge., Tile, did Were. certaihly in their fiecAttOriiitie. choice of„grouid ti.: 4 oni4iderii able tidvantsiOtirit'llit' team's laineetable deficlimoyii.ln, goal -kiakiiigyeVith4ad:the gande„ as iOdas,ditilio oh ufhte than One #6"-e!iiion:id Fttip'.ed......J6 'le' ihnoligh'lte In% k' tlein desp tit §r•eiter'h9ifit'l.erigg the HinscOenf4r;,bo.t-1. feel mute •th SO:.tiiit deal L'idee'lele :It lliike; will be on, tog nek1:.640.1.1).4:.'ve1)en ....the..cto •;01014:#441.!..t. • L. r ...:. "t,!•‘: ~ • . '..,..• ..,':,,:: '4fiLV,..4..-44,ii.1; fS, The gande.dh liiitlOAY. was • bilcillig ". t 40rA it; 4 ' -7•!•:, From.stait to flash thee wad.h.it it tholitipifkii(, the respect Lie sides, !odd they attacked ier. tuii• '': iit great vigou're':F wwaid• ;sod behind they seemed eilhatft, matched cod it:i3 a. pity that boduihre were ilot eVe.k.llk, the close: 'Buttderw‘drth and, Fauikcier . appeared-hi e., Rda, c,orFl':.fliegkSiraoti t tele pence was • feature 'rif,ilifl teireist tp..thk.Warripircrod spertatord, MI. to the './',(o)iii whioliihavW;beeti -.,..ntacfr,to...in, :•uee Iliesei two,playffs'Ot .clion•oo.44rArfiritl".Oti+irtihri,:' Ashit.f.et :Pelt hi'aplafio:l ,bino.,tkie:sifertriltiadlakediAter,eilidetrtlekiids,pkotitoozi,l/KWAIR,'; , 'ill ti+vii!? as li:h.e.saYlogidt''''tileopso;lll(r:;•A.l%.4.4 -ks*4.l:tipx:?.erti.'!•ti,vti.• th.lidithl?one ... f'.o/41',Iiilikillit . , 'ple*il. what appea':•dited lie a felttgelittk#'...W ; ; ficY ine6c v. 46 tide a opt-kneel; of ,rereiretC,k4Pilii •''..; .s..eced-OOrtiOn thltelinia wit; p .64,44,11.,.,,*Uwut5l lifc.kci. abo ;it ha'j-way. etbrotign7iVifitcriir, ),I .tifo',.. !'ciale•dGfivic„l, and .te.coiedisl,fte:•difinitild '''.:!., ' 4 L1'..,: 'poet,' iitrii) thiediDiti may igagapichiteat ot;t aicrifitrfnicon C Matiluasme,piut' the men Weariei:Tirielr,)te•ti, iiiiiiiy: did By sheer d, eir4eination• they, "artive,;tide in-. ivalered•tlacir, and a clever ma/lid-lent :hi 'the ..b.,..tilea.g.- 63t4olf#01irkis rushing orer ..in: il7'ee.lis jilt" illy Caj ' f•T')l3 :M:tll9 tretneod >es, hut, Errilerott's;ree'ildre'by-a '.facr...t.pri'tVeat'a land a gust s eon checked the f etvilur*t of Tyyx,:'•:,:?lteidither', en lta :oars tiy:.the trom,,,srera-to dr* vr ;10.04;irere •fteditlese,and.st ild • hldse they haA ice..s wallow Ildestiltteir Ais tam diem int•,,ut. ode, moos defeat at Odd ' hill di of #L.iiio.lia.

I BO I IN$lOl I EaAw

.aghi • of; give: 1"6 zoptge

Gs 2 '-' ; 411 f„r1;1, 01,1 in" •

....• •On botts insii•e bvcry'inan played bi.s• riefq. 'silt it is. difficult losiOgle out iny for•spe nal praitito§4ql,loi•waji , the bist of the two visiting half bk'stiilE4psosiolig... ts and F:stillifjer b .t,Ftpi,ayed ;Ai ab.y ti i.,4‘,..i:; 4.',i/lill,;40,1., oa theeocnasiosiiit 0014.11ast !AS tto •-• Mil ' -#J'ai;•ris , was Atiebest"rif:Piallitkiii;gi'irrotpiNrg,,it.., • i it..ligiii: It 15h-it:food 194:Kui . tut.',Aizte‘ta:;6,'elifilik: iil•frii,4li4 snotypi.leseditah .tiii:o,•.' kas:fAikitcl sifohld..bliykiriasd.ohe try*:leist. ; :Toe .fiiets ;cis ';'istahi.'''.;.,i,e venly‘.* , tem(' ( .a.4....i R 3 eadh set playell'h,fte'Oeta,pri•s..tiatelcan kifeiitgl; (tette* i. eti.i. ; •••vt,.•,,,i ~..4.".•• thsca individually: • • . • i.,ip,-, , --Vv.', %. .1- ,fmt • • • --•:'-i., I !:iti....4.A. ?..V7l: ~ . • '' '* ' ' • urneYesif 0 i Tuesday a te Ira repreSeat...*Yarri . t) Hull, where they toutil.,a•Ati ~rissiat., r t .. J.r. thl Several of the W rest, ity.ludiad tii i ski .; 0r5.1.4.0;;.,, ' , ,?A'', • pi. liar ti iii the» 1)1)4 in by 19'4;hi. tate Virairithrtoe's deli? try, thus briegtlit tie wrek- mil to II Petri, s E1e01ia.'(:,•jak,......,„., •,_..141.._•ta,,E on IltdsucO.si, a -id .f. ii.) 0.i.ti0,i.1400.3"."..38i!.;..W.f.:4 sent il 4 4t3 au i II pe ,a , it zp ;rll4..,,AinervA:ll4l4tV t*:#.,.::, vshiable. player, . Vl_ .`...,...,).%) ;,i4.'.. • Centre is fsitil4 .Werrll,7l ,•51.4i, eit'oePeti. '410.30F113, is rOiliA(Ok*th AL' ap.yi, ~ "".4:.„,,,•, tit ibitlfts iiilia o.ed. .1 Imo's, Lb st fiiliffiebra4.oi,Alk., ,#.''''''''' ‘i),t:;0e.'")...•11 Ili.O.'a' 'Slob with the i'd; ih, ..bh,til .hit,';e4ll4.the..lilt;itit44sili;,.tyiTl- tio let sip in s on) hisocouata)l,s way. Tie tiesti. Oilier* lit oil the 4:P.Alip),;,:ar, ,i,0i,...._.i'i1t(41,.., tt:roo.l.o,k,:oetoretY; 4z2b4t abPityzfiilitt... sl'AwAF:ohotatAizm"4.7.4h:;o4;e4:, tiecto • fro a) .oht pi ei ' j.•.',,',0e.d.52.•;,a 4IS ,f11.40-kilittalksh*, Cathaye,. a 0 irdiffie .1.-hie•Ati.Vda:,...bi:.tbe.•43.(l*.T)t 4011 i will pi ay 'w itti tyo "A .ticHipipiekiiiti4-S:ai'n' %,",14,4'A1s ,t 1 ime is ft: D tiles ,•, ppd . from: ,koo4 mail; Bit I.pkefer, t!_}..*:44.tkiketiltifilmt -.-o.lr. .fOre.aceeptirs4 tbese a...:97titt0ti1f#1040141,11:1...:4.`ii.::;;,•.. 47144,4*. , .itlit. Sattirdiy. S'arkeetbh•l'WlikEiie•trA)!:.GAW.Xl4iiiitt ...tlft,..ati.l'.yrith 6110,...9a,tiriiitir, 0Ftait4690044444 ! ti'Aryitf, i P.P5,,.4..*•,#'4.e•0;f•,.tray,•0,14cfritt1ef.::3%.,,.....iit tikog, 4.41,ERN.14-me7; 0 cake t t.tikt,xt*ittite.' 'obibricit ;hi ;Alt tists;:, :_....itioh,e;;' have hofse*,,,SiStp,eStb;44';:: • SeFtgehiiett •: rtzeiy.cs,4£l4l3,lio,Einly. plify.ug:thiti; r •ii`isit: iith; itioi,fpli*,i. cis 01.1 g h th (9! "Crop:Atli i i t ies Ips., risk& ~p,e :tbe Os,- :•...l,:i ic.:taitt in .... is the fait of cifi. Of 4 ;retie; ifiad..,i4. ki*.Pfilidiatkftitic 'UPI'. ,Ns A Y-.4r wilt -Star; • ..r.,.i.i)S`',Oic :cru,4y..:.t.4ii1l u4e d.1:1 when I..** raubea..ll.ff‘iiii,ifil,'Reintii.t:',.,'.. ii:,•?.;:', _

1., #4,

. .:^ ~

.:, • ,:., ....: :......... Iti ;., , ...,..?... K:;,.'• • • • 'tf*.z..) , • . • ... ' . ••• Pt: :: , • . ••••'.. u*FitrARE '44:: • ,•$ .. -. '.. :

?;1'.1„ 1,1 tio ' c .

' . • • F. •

!A :3)ti••••• ';*tl°

• .11.11 A-71' .4\ e , a L . —2O onirclits76l* youRzIFIV ORM 171 1,1061;743 '7. i,,At 0ti4r7v,K1,,. , 4 . • • • • go'

0-11 -

L

AI 1.1

5.,.,

. ,

WARRINGTON.—The RIVERS tigQIJIBB the SBRIFICIbB id a HIVISK sties will be acting under the Borough veys and motions and make P1'416110 lidate'r own hmiwriting enclosinz estinioni.ds,stahug age and esperienge stet' :thsn' oisiordsy, the 7th day ut

. . ~!/00,0nbeyEttlil ; intuit be clean. and. honest ; 15'bk.'16.-150' UPI? ill LLOYD. -STK E E l', ...CMS 014 e.

AD; gti)4 4BINEtiAL 914 ; one .18!) I Gs. :1711WiirjL: Apply MI'S. AKEy, 21, Onuron-streetn.

AVAtINP. etrOog GENERAL- over 20. £ln. No young 48, C050.(BROOK EITREEr, Str4lor.l- - 'e•ter.- . •

, .1 81:1):,yoUrig UIRL., about to 21 kV' 40 usehold work; good home, .—Apply 80; liptrrairteent, 11),,lcenaingtorr, I.4verpo)l.

itITTED:a respectable girl as GEN liftal or young girl to traia ; country.—Hurorr. VOOlook Idl,Newburgh near Southport. TTSBIU

L HELP or good GENERAL SINVANT Wantea.at once, in a boarding echool.—Apply„ Mn. AusThr. Girl 6 CoAlege School, W,hitchorch.

'• II ichd sla 'Etirneta - n'iarited irtilia,4iitli.irti.•ool '":64•• Saturday by el.ug th,. •Wilitii `,lilo*•oo:4'ii****4o:!oo?' 'grimly:li by B:4..iints to.s:,::,'l.,;:::'.iir•SlOlii,ilitit.gatiik...Ao4•!tbaV .iictcat e; .ing dal 1044: ::.its. thif:Aiiisiii,laait, 10,pt.,i_t•.4.1'llisiir ntirl:'•.• II .mu Ap. be.:sa id, hi faitiila tblrsißlek,ttibiag,,V,,E ifr; 'chap were ‘eltlantt sesratil 'cif 'thW:us•;'4.l'''iiiiis' ; . .:.••,,i'VO,!" •leadoo--Ot.;o:o?!4petitida, liranghtin,,ii,S4g- ' 'oliflitiV a tiriffhtla?. reisam of th•s; stand inidn'tlY. kii'6,,.0,,, ~' _ .4*•461 ;WkifAter's 'MK "At the.llll4:ot'a.hvt-1-1,42.*:010V,41., iough; ganie`cibi:;.Rangers ,Werif,iiblß 4 sfif tour .p)iiits,t-a.ttwo- I. 'victOrT,',iitith....; .411,4,, more t I do flian g,o,jd insta,ierp*,:.,',...'.'thiltb*,l,Ol'ilio• •pleased tdeir supifor!ters by sh Aimg.."a‘nillu'parWrilar Otitra, Co form. TheY whipp ,d, L.tigh to rd,e.•tciiii..o.l.3 il?..inti., to:noce., and neat Leigh at their ' sprqggels..• &Lt.-fore ward.' •••:91dhain.b:tiugtic a vita...if way te4V.4..-S..QcX.io,rt!' vihq,hatno fewer than 29 p,iir.t.i piled if pq!ippil,tulti:.thetrai thect.g.own d miributiou being tti,4,-.4q.7,,,i,1,, .. o,,*ti• ii.fl;l6slfii,lo ind . virlga West n'i. : • 11..... w a•iiiit ii„,. ..13_ %684.,. . %try* fitto ..,.-,. • • .'' •' MARRIAGES . .. ilis:Kbpta;`,,, dr:44vit #atifee,,,:iti ',fain') xl, .0 PALI, rfir,Le,t,TA.,. :, ~ ~ •0"- ' .'• • '"'' ..,,• ' -'• -- • '' ' --`---. ' ' ' ' ' ' 00:1 MlO:ift&t OA atriLit.,tflatiNi4l)-14.: ...:;'''',4::::,.:..kit'../11..1, 1;:{,..':,..-1 •sai•AiPtfyrt-YrAc*lm--'26tik icist. at St,. Paul's phurch. RUA- , I t.....„ '..,,,...3•:;.k;:,%,..f'i•!\•;-:? ... ,::,;;;,,,..k;.-5:•;',4,,i,...,,fc,•••• : .. - • • ..!,,:&,,.., ...•:•:.,0.;',k,;•.i.; i'i,,•,e.,osis, by.abil Bee., 4a: B*Maivern,,lddr, ChArlep .11an.li,re, • Thify.'.o•4o. a etii,TAVeittytiVtiii,,wanfi` .. l!ii.,,,,,,,iiPtittsalaitsabith \ ranch, bolt] of By'ancdru. ..,.,‘. . ... ..,.!,., •. . .,,...;,...,...r...-r..• . , ~...,,', dr.;.t•••,..; -.1 ~.,.. tag, 4 dig -,-,y)AltrAfitiTeN-....6th hist, •• at Graeustay-Mint • .wriagsAchy •aligers•aAdlaArisiVatt,•#l! fa 'OO ,A- .7'Vit,, . :Alkip.,tet, Ili tnti: Ini;i; Br. vidoa. air. lirneit kidrilsiio; tO; • • iesna,'•:..PBityng, our v•iAck-tit:o#4:,.V.:'q.':::4 ;.., .. ',Pk, I ...,Stoxnar.,,DAritagtom., both of Frtidshain, .. ',.•,.. '.•• ': . ,Saltiirti‘a Wigin ';:qt:ita.in.4lol..i•Pilmteri•ify, -,-1441,:b,V. klitbt.k:rßobrifortk-2-itliinst •at :it. Paul ii. pli‘iich`,.‘ribta • ensis.3 triks to 1 gual•,l„br,.i.-' ..udislaiElciiii.s'. ..f•-:**,. it; 4. (iliac.: tg.e.;•Witliara JOhn D.iwdimeo 31.41-#fikeye• from their Inctory over.'WfdP4o/4•1":1yee:al•AFIWIlip :44age,„)...P.t.uhnore, bdth Of Ihtmcorti. •••. ' ..,., .':- ... ~ , tallit00:11--Dirrpuct 26th fart, At Halton-road Clia'pel,kif .'i, .;•:, find the YVateraheddingi- 'coutidgi4iP:tar...:•.toci.zclfi,v4.4iit ,Aot.foorot Hughes, . tb I,lisi .B.,r'y Eyzabeth:kiharlir.. them. ' Tun winners 43,1,44.1 Uix't.4B- igoLny :0( t4o.•iiiirq.o44. ..,711:,11 2'2' points to nil. Bt. dete4.4..iii..l,yxthq'sltii, tiii4,1.4`..M.91!" 21;4i7sa:kit-2.3,t•h iii,t:A.t - irinity'atiapel,'liitittio-s"- .. . , sti•uggt at St klelec.s,lhiS.:l:r.e diruirtg it ve!ti Akan:34a is Atey. 2., A.. ' ki,keivil., Alr. Peter 'law ilasoil, to '1144 •••,:ri`Z , . . ~.. victory b3} 9 .points to 5. ..'.i „ Gertrucie.litleykhtlit et Halton. .. ''• !: ' : ••••':', A i ...7, •:, ‘:Ii: ..„.• ............. , ~ ~,' • i. _ if:.: ..••••,..e0.4? •;• .., ,! ~ , , rtle,,lttai.i-kii'q, tti.:ftV;t3eiiber lltb,. at the • Piti.-1.14,1, , . , The Lligne Cabin clitoniOhig ih 1. ctitkfig o .thiib' , s , i -.1 ‘ .12 Wasting' op, .. the iiev. thincei Willis, geOtats Chine ciutie -up to. date is,a4:l6llowo 4.4.k.","'i '2.'l'.!, .'.'ll.'''• sr'''• :. ~ . ~ ..7. . 41;rfrj'. •,' '411444; SN' '''..:4.0 •L':•i.:-;;;-?-7'....:to.magg•'.1r•g4'AITLI-fs': • • . : P. W.•• .;,..,••'l4l 4..: !..0•1-41k,:lt• ''''• .•..ro:•••:.--;!-.• . • :4.--.7..-7- ' ••• ptightot r Rang.th....1.4,.: 4,,',....;04,4;(. 49 ,42,r,t;;'4"'-'11041%* &Word '. I6 13'..:4 '-.41,"V:4414"4"W V. 3,, 11:114ht `-lizeember 16th. dii•-•;11iiehall-street; Warrington., Widnes...* ... • ... .14..1.46•:: 27,14 .:001•Ca*,'• ;1 •I'd' 44.1illani Wright. aged 67.YaiiLii:,' - - - Oldham ' 16'.::1X... 11:61.447.. ..,-... # leeernbLr 16th, at • Wetling,t,on-street, Waal-W.oin,', *.iwintqn.,. 15.'...04 4..,.,:frd'iati -C.; I,abelia. Lunt. age 2i years., • • . • . • -December 16th. at • Orford.•lane, Ws,rringtoia, • . 17..,14 `.--.,..140,:ki ' -. • ...`rjtchley, agpd 81 years. . . . Warrington '14...' -•.i.;,15,;..k ;'''. ; : .ituneorn 13....'61i.:.04, .: ...December lath, at benoul'Brawi Warri.n&a.l6•Pa' . aged 35 years. r,i4ii, St. lie,lipis • •• 15...)6..t:: o,l;y''', .'-'• ,';•. ltx, sA 'thS ed 23 years. ,'il.,loaceiock nher 18th, at New-street, Warritylee '. 'ag Rochdale* liornetslo..: 4`..ati'.."/ '''• '''. ' Wigan ; ' 16.0, t.t.00.40. • • 1..„- xember 19th.. at licoffley-laneLliciirAftissea. Tyidiesley ...' 17.,. d:4#Xl . enneLt, aged 5/ 3n-hrs. , St'ockport ' f3.....2.,...3X".. i',l, zaoreettinhe ' 15....- 1.411 i: •, , Icceruber 3.1 h: at !Miner-street, Wairth**,,..Nery . - 'ldes, aged 22 years.. , *Swinton have. '11,1,•id4, s'',---i proleasioital.rnievi.. "c; .;.1);;1 -•!••`5...17-;•::,ftstz• ••; it t;IN CORN, •' • ~,s,i-P,,;.1....-,: ':.4 ••i+ ,1" - ll..,743rd‘frist.., at 46. Union-ctreet, Mr. Sawaieit atiiiiiiilre • ' . . '•' ? • .•.;•:,,1.,,,t,.;.v...w....9,1ii.•5..t•,4,...11,,,,,. vit 41 tY, ,i, ,:etape. re asitstlnt, it.ted''.l3..yeArd. .. '. : • .' •••-, : CLA.13.1.' ' idliNA ~y.;1:i.g,,,f,?,,,. it.: _wv.,,N ..-.- 43rd inst, at N, Lacirrstreet; lidary -I#lll.ibeth . ^Ai f ~4i, ....x6=4...t,.,. 4vg;thie2.lof Mr. Paniel itassey, aged 7 years : . - ..'II.VIIIII•I'LT,,,C/JVW.in* i1it41•:,1%.i, ;450.13.5t.i at 15, Byron -street, 11r. ilo'sagW.Bntton. . . • ,4 .2. , . it; ;;.,,,,F.; ~.....5.,t:;;;:,. ;;;A.1.:.?.'0'••.‘,. ~4•1'?" ".L.,,Ask4Ayy,,,ikirs. ~ , . , ,; • ' • ''. •• `••• •'• • ' ''' -"`"---4."*7:"..1'r1,',' e° ~..'t 10,,,,''.; 'kW.. ‘llill.'-'5441h..1.115t: at Highlt.reet, 1111zAbeth, wtdow'ottha . At et.6•Wattiog.top Ocklaty.` dtii•toxlvit.4, A. ;',::::-. '• ~ •' • ..«,{4:7lk" :4114).40;:tcbitazt..Foster. it ged 58 yeari .• ' .., ing, Wield die ,Elgemil.V:ljcii4o•:'; ' • ~.tifkxo, '.• .:'e ..: r ,”*.so**.--:.sth inst.. at Brooke Tert-ace,.. lialtan,'Jessie, '.'• Cottsittrigibie•.ritipß.r.tis4E, to! fie"' •.' tnl.Otlok 4'OIPC '' , .fgam.....riiwenter.ot Mr, J.mn Pendiamry. aged IC, in,lit ch.. • •.• Tao •ti,a n,',iff iwi.S. kte.!-Tti6lioii);V 'it.i, 9r1.440 '7.. flat :.,...1601 inst.. at 2.1, Weniugton,..treet,„ ellarle4.,‘, son., -•,.• ,t..',,t;htiTtdc!.).iesti'tleor,..il-i'auite'-lit2aleetY.ea, Lid!. th•inu.:,:de." u....„..11d.t.e.:•.1H:. •et ree (4.±.:i rl4te wn;Atit,S. thirpriefee gr:.; ~,,54.... , • ton and, ce6'ctlei; •:;:iiikeiitifi'o•. ?ck.v.* te•••'-ii•kiniAi‘X *.,,....,V.•401. • ~.,...ifrkelerick,D.roorne. aged 14. y ears. . ; • •.. ~ Larleit :,iffiltotA4gis.bi.:4A.i.:r.filifaAtm;r4P. , ,F,-..P.,.. , \t, 4,4„,-,:.,426,0 .14:4,,,,t, 18, LCinstrir 13,ardens,• Hannah., • tile ifaliti 0..,..;* 30,„:,,,,Ai *4 •10 4 yo4l",:••••peif.a• ka 1.,* at*. .•`.'"litii6Vi 4 thii•litricali......lohu 1303 kett , aged 74 vears. . Ititat,.•prlzattid•.*ta' iii',.,..ii?!:itala rarii.',.* t•- 1: iir • •44n It'Wi f'F..._,,,,•*'"`' ,;., ' : •• • • :••''''.....!.. ~•:....10101.,.+'1.4t.,:;•(136 •,ielle i): ...iiiti,?•;:,,,iok: cit: Vity7:.;./..0,8*,. -.••••,n- ''..i,.• i! Vitliiliti'''....ll Itiiii:l4, wattelti,,Tu'A r :Ai: ••• larn true . ',,,ippe;t:ro, .t •;:rtlii.<l.Rl4 iitit:ki•- i.li,ati, • ,•;.'Ale.,,, •...,,7',..:. : :' •alP.Po4ts ArpleY StEttion). „ /tight ;Ser)„tt,' tni.rr4t.61,..; '''l*.i.• •'‘''the''' •-••oefead•WAfi,!:'olt` ..:.:," . ••• S •••T ..,vv-- . ••••'.:,..,, :Lico,.. iieleber '...et '.',lsii&i,y4ts':i.',i4t{io4l,3..l in ' pi&eons• ',•,•. '.•' • i . • • • ARD ,- ,e-iev7 were: ie, •.• tlii . cuTh:t•iiitte..Mte,!-':,pidaiiedings ~ rierO XONUM/INTAit SCIII4I)ToRa.-7'' ' ••••''• ' • ' • ••••' ,wat,theci • :iit,itta:copeitfers..l4o7-lute'fasti-7.4l!iii.'. Brusque :es- .- . . •. ~... . • . ... • . •MARBLg- -3f4SO,N,SS .80 • • .0034 ed the ho'Oisro:t•fiidgis4ttp:.•, ~ .`;wai.lo9•Pl#..,ol an,cl 'Me - -' • • ' • kers.of nl4 kln•hrof 13hlinney Pleues.'Monurnei34), o‘taNA. ; ' siii4..hhi'lQiqiit,Fol.o.4iito44 ',.#',,r4:906t1r...;k822,4,:gia5 IA *Tabteta..Fdltiitti, Fouts; 1-teartAtU•ie,, in Granite, 244-nie..unirk)' .. :wan'toelitste,.,;Wirtitiirrs. trO,B4TOV-1414::••:10.41.r.44)6"r° Stn ha. • Designs". and 'Estimates Free... •. . - • ~ ..' ..C141h)f1t1,141ki...44/.o' Z ' Foi.ifwz'oo4a.c.',iit.'w,it:atlutencied ' '•"' ' • ' -Oet3tievikt'AeiTifte L at l'h? in*liits'4l.ciadd to di4allo w tile ILTUR UUI-TTING AND CL . UNNING ;S u IV.l.rsq. . nosmießnTs A erocLAl.Tit.. • :verot4f el'..t!fe- ti.'o, .'eud tii'et*ee th) reason, why ;io:aos.".'itere•Olt j!,./..04.. I T;:'.l,!/:14.,* 03c1 th it tile corn- ' balteto:l,s;•;.l a ,perfecti,ight .co;.4isalliavi.; 'And al3o, .k .t rho court. -b4 n. }u Al.dictin4.'irit A4..:64a.a.cti:a,i4', W.aiour r a.d i Vvii-iv.cl het. Le Gift; ceiett•Oe4ivith'teic.ileelsion of the Icogunitte-F; but gAvn'..iiii:•Bioiiran • lea40:•to, appeal. - Ultfunatelji the case isilieV,vittAdrawa, ud 'ttjg ' wv4s.tl's , cristn ivefQ alluvrtd. ' '.'•-• .••• r " • . . . . ...

•

'

• Vitrrfarttan.."-.. Peinte4 4,14. .pnbliebed by Jolan WALAK at TA, Xtaminie (itrOrEcl Printing WQrks, Bewtoy..tre.t. and publistitcl tirttiVrot the same pxtoti an 4 atz,) TA4 Ezitrse'r()%2(l4. • nroria-road, Wins ; 42, Or4d atteet, •S r.IILI tid 3 Market—Wee:, ii....nLEsrosSits the Qounty of Lauoaeter and nlen at Higti-strot. kto,sc,m itt ttm Qounty Qt Ober —'t zas lan

• . . • . • • ••

• , .

===== 0002601_18981230_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
:,4•:..:._.:.'''':

tttterg to , the • VATift.n.r.:

• NOTICE TO CORKE3PONDEN I'S. • Aqt'lrrt Of IPtte-s itventled tor, punliostien. nri-gt In at evips 1192 the, ttamnsstridid Trq,el. tdit t'florfE)ltilt% Matt,r irt•od. d f r !anti h.ttgLio mast be kcio..tel 640%e

side only of the parer. Corr sp .ndent are s'r urg d to wr t hripfl short littrhl much g,tedter chalic of uli.er:awi t a long one.

COUNCILLOR F. IL ROI3ERT'S'SND Sir,—allot of U 4 we, ..e.enS;t. ee to the charge el ileonsistency than 4.4.1t-ii,Ve any ,need: to. be, e*d I she ill not have tumbled' yosr with enc. discliter :rf torch a charge had it not ..been Viet the 'resi:artris ar`rib ited to me smr!".. ',aid.to beve 'bre m id, .me'et-, trg lit more than a week apart---,4 periOd.of rinis toir short to allow of the one plea whicti.rebets,..ngiO'7. ennr, namely, that of healthy •I .nust complAil that your correspotadej4lo.lt*nnt correctly report me ; and pertlaps say that I grieve far more alipshittOlaYand tho nonsense he puts in my mouth than over .i,teneyr•he argil ready convicts me of: Simply atilue coercion" bad English " Everyning snOu'd folloW font Socialistic ides " is tc.th bid Eogliih and titter non- Socialist friends seemingly talt-1 liberties wi^h thnir neighlenues EogLin as freely as thcy propose to do with his property. At the Shod AAsi4taute' meeting I said (after a jocul ir allusioo to Sir William f Imous, and sq oronnuncrineat), " 'l'hat of cOurse is grin toir far : hut socialism ii no witho it g-rm lof trw.h." Si' are Sp;ritualistn. P .enliar-peopleism, Christta a Thuggirn, Totemisin and a thousand ,and prio rgh,r, supeosititions known to a tonizh*ed rnd.l. don't think I gave myself away Yen mull at that invetirg. If any charge can be Droved against me it is surely that _ . . baldttitu le. . .

of titirrine a TAIL At Mr. Waldron' meeting I said "lam no ekakis9; for the roo principls of S Khalil:lt is caercile?„ •I OUght perhaps to have said ?hit its prattbal avlilation plies coercion, and that of the m,r, unmerciful kind.' Ido not prapolui to &sows Socialism Hier ia your parer or on a vb:ic platforn or with \‘. Pai -pi ,y't or the IL P. (By-the-bye. how is it that the latter,w th 'all t ieir bel loose cour .g-, h aye never yet been straigiii- furward encuzli t call themselves I shall not so heln to worpr"ise their very o`jectioNah'e cre•cl, nor do I admit that if a man evoresies an honest upiuton in public be hi bound to i.. to any person who de- man& an expla,a'ion Forher, on Socialist principhs, I might be nail.l upon tc pay for the m eting ! But three questions will perhapa ma', be ami4s and may give your correspen lents pause in thAir savage mit+ at a poor man who dares tntrter the word "coprciol" in co anecton with th ir shibboleth :—(1). Is it proposed to co npen- site the hold vs of land' and othr, wealth fur thdr naafis- rated posse.siotO, an it not is it-likely thee they *ia disgorge unless made? (2.)' it is propose Ito esti), pewa thpm, whit b•corttes }Par " dolrbothilr,.Of goods 2' (3 ) hether th tok ag by ft-rie is in agve'-, chant with the te:c ing Of Chris-. (which 'he S at Mr. Wa!dron'A theetimg apparently ti fervd to).that, the spirit of the' th-is'i in. na,,s-, be that oc the giver, &MI no of the r•ceivcr —much leas of the taker? did not eloaa Mr. Waldron's meeting until a d •cirhyl Patve had supnrvened upoi the not v r 7 .nrofotnal questionings ,1 thrn the back of the had. avoila Fil,nianat would tagt all night and b• f eat) kr another bou/a-ao na-r ring. YoUr corriapontent'a remark abut humour loarlatis to say this. that the • ry dead and humdrum lifs'which he would have us live would not permit of hunaouroew or otherwise, and I could well understand tinder their regime any p?rs qi dip! vial the met tul •gleZ:rni of it would be well taken care of. 'tours B‘l.. • . •

F. ICHORER CP. ^

, ' .NW, YEAR'S DAY AND PUBLIC •WO RS ;II P. sits;t4Vy desire'of VIA Hopeutiye Gmamittee of thy; 'Cotincit4A tf; a' t 7 atg ?lie%l Ch 'robes in Warrin:t In, a mahlid:appqattothe people of Warrington on the matte". .of puffe yorship has ben' Phacarde I throughout the town.. .: ' sThe.Gommi'tea feel that the oc'curr nle of 114-vo Yeast': D ty upoil Sun laY is aw event that shou'd lead people. of all Creeds, Cntirches, awl Claiwil,. to prevent themeeloes its the.plainsa:of wni-phip tO give:thank's fotthemerciei.Of the pist aril to'see,la-Di vine G, acee,aad .81Pasing for thp future. They' truS-, that you will Permit them to.Sra,ik-i this suggestion to yin! reiode7s ,by 'ripens of this tette-. Tq gecking tio put tnis matter pronsiarntly:- f r yard, tbe lryee Churches havel 4e44rian.Or pinoote en I to pr- mote. They They simply dashe...:todnyite their fellow town- men of of all sectionapf soniety,:t43;'.'laindier "be duty and privilege of not log in th,osvynish)pl'y • Almighty G 'id. The first ea 7 of a N4w ,Yesr riflss i'self 44 4 fit i•ig occasion and opportunity for a renewed endeavour to lead that life or true and real rl-iticiA which Ands one of its chinfesr hpipo in public weird:lip. They mote's the earnest hope that Pr 'test:ants and Catholics,,Chur -brnPn and Nowinnformls•s,high and low, rich and n-or, will thus utilivi New Year's Div in the best po4sib'e way,and that the comiw. ye,' in iiy.m.,i,e. tnn may be market by a revival ~f rea' rei-2livi •an up- lifting of the people to a more pu^e and s hr' lifP, and by a manifeqt progress in all th at can 'flake onr town happy end or lop-rue. . . We are sq., en behalf of the Pez,cutive .qointnt:l3l JO`IN YONGE. Presideery ' ~ .• s GECtfIGE HARBOYTLE!' Q. . ..... , ROBERT HENSBALL, 5 'eel, e,''''!"l-.. Dec lmber 29:h, 1898.. . • ' BOW TB Et .I.)&igq,4 IN. LONDON.- ow NV: -ilit? , Wien. i • ' 1! How thoy Danni,th:-L-incleini'tls the . tith3; of a most amusing 'article bysllo.l.Pett Bi.igh!,',thitt'. at/Rears in the January numb, r of:thiy:4*-Windeor.•,:h4gaa.ne." o•The real enjnyment of dandizgr la been ift,-,the Haterdav and Monday Eeloct cpactrill'ef sieerriblies.t Yti:rlt it, POW hail under the iiirectsc,n of•Fdr; June& Twit icliop.,l,Hiliglit tickets, one shilling ; double tickets,to a 'ltAliclY and %1 gentleman, one chilling and' :•alirpenai. Vent band provide. The newest valseetligght4.'. 4.-ItPrenite class every Wednesday' af:ernest4: : ohr/tided :by :Miss Turveydr-p (late .of ' t" '' ‘ntillailial .14,,,,ice0l Theatres. ' A modettr '''.' . pia , Preir). ' Pees trona arrive at 31, Y:8;a1 on B,turaay, evenings at st-ia" Cr hytEtial-GeOU'v• .. MN) carry 1 eirolo,,and,raahttoti, hole is..fix44 -.Eitiglat4eyed and .ity. p4ctant, in haisersto 0 : up the, steps anc, In as 143* tikinutio: late"; 'loth A, eye alreOdy swaitleig. son•tbesroUt Tititreydpip,', Who 154 lithe tnis, pernaps, 41140 '.vero. pleat:Ant; floittera aboutiWyelhow• esi*OPePe-bird, cbtrruping her welcome;, .At the entralitiahre•threateniflo n'e ' • • hneactLewseg :Ann flays*rifly .I.6..wigAir- ....: . • . • • . • '. : %Ha CtOrati:.•,, : --., ". • ; • 's.' 's And another: s• s s s :- ' '‘'• IT IS #EgIIEST4I) TIUT. ire pisamcv El " ' . • , ". '. • ''. gPSFLGED: Ifill, .:':'•'..t." •, ' • " The first rule II 'flot,. univaise:-..iibeied, for one young patrol) is in. klisAtpreN4 Wi; blit,'as cismpensa- tion, he 'soma*. 'White Arriasf.f.eliAiail now brn w n gln VAS. When the hrst coadrillai,jezFekirtrid , (Mies Tdrveydrop playing With pronObhcedr44l)lbilefi the piano, a shavy man the violin, and Mrs'. --TutVeydrop the harp) it is sPon obvious that the second:lute 463 i 4 a byt-law that I, cot stristly enforced. Beaansethe !foe 'fats ame iley I'! . comic tonal', it is impossible fu f ..this Young mr.n who ara, humor )usly minded to refrain from aingins,., as Mr. Turvendrop, in the calif"' Othapona, th"uts : ' Ladies' chain !' .1 I'm a raiding ifystii4faii.:*•4

Oh, yes I atos 4.411 •, Folk, may th.lok Fm tithiraishat barmy; Perraps I am. perr4ps I am. • Althouth Pm somewhat patsy,. I'm a good Sa:vat;on • lasAie, And I

_ " There an cliques at the iShilling Saturdays as de- finitely ring-fenced as in mon eesensive society, and. when a youth who helps his father in the alio) slide; up to a lady who father goes to ths City, and says, " Dis- engaged, miss ? ' the lady. wb,Pe .lalier goes t the City gazs dist tatty at the youtesto: helps ,9i.s father in the shoo, and says, it I'beg vo4r on P rd., a way that makes him rein sbeepiAbly3ti..."'tea'iF.,,hl4 lowly 'birth. For there are. at least fis ,fiteries at 'Farveydrop's, five federate . and diatinct Mitside of all are oae or two fhrlord young mein and wistfel young women, who are not admitted to any' of the five, and thee will, perhaps, some evening, end in t:lis fact a common bond and form a strictly fixdusiye set of their own. Meanwhile, Miss Turvoydrop dances with the die!. consolate Young men,- and smile's determin!dly whsn they stamp upon 7, her slippers. saying, with an apologetic, air, ' I'm • afraid' I .haven't quite got sour step,' the while her.iatherileads the wistful young ladles out ter the round dances, and talks reminiscently of Willis's RC'Cims in the early Birdies.. Thsre is a chrysalis stage fó r all. a momplished butter- flies ; this is found in the dancing academy ercer suburbs. At the dancing ac Wendy -is r caivedi in the ! month of Oztoner; by the. two excellent. 'young old. h.dies whin an called en the , handbills , directrefsea,' ! raw material, made up of :clumsy coupe riden„and shy,: awkward young VTOMOu. ,By Deceinbee` theie are able to dance without. !maiming thelt„p.MMer ; by March they are aCeoltplished 'Meng sparks,' 'abl& to hold their .own in any f.ociety aol to conduct theinsolveP in tbe barn eance-Taith graCti andeteirance. F3r!'this the ami- able dirhetresses chargeone:.. Wiling for one :leeSon,. or ten-and•iiia p”aefect," Single lessone are these who feel cnnfi lent hianct ve'y Confident, 'anti, having- a dance near at hahtli.noree to the.daneilad academy tie, a brief regilding before they shine teeptendeatly.on their .

Turveyetop ei4.rtit. by trm ditaßrts iq brown pa-r - their hat ; • goki;4o4,t, wad b 'arint;. tt7.14.4 hi •.• •, 141 fr, „ c lup)f , *P. i'.ool/4;tiS

===== 0002601_18981230_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
BUGB kT.)oTBALL.

• , • •-••' 'L&NC&SfItRE .4! A '1 Tg.ist • • WeennunpN, "A 6.Y. limiConN." • This Match t at at Runprrt: old Rank ileiltasty:: The reams were rePrn'7.ed c—VVarringtop.: F Bosco., full b%ctt '..fi:hekwortti, 'Crass, end,' Ratcliff threelliarters ; Bate arfil;Beyle, halves ; Mk. Taylor. Aldrews,:Witcoc., Wiiiii4nienillatton, Barrett; and Skelhorn, forwards. Runt ern, t •14(5,ter, full back'; •Gayter, . Williamson,' and :••••Biariett, three- quarters ; lienyca and 'Woodard, halves ; Derb77. shire, Lingley. Coaster, Bark3r, and Wilson .forwards.' Warrio, :ton, who; were poorly repretented, kicked oft' The. visitors played in veryloose style and their"exhibi, tion'was a discredit to.them..oa. the contrary Ruecarn w?re•in 'splendid forth, the forwards in particular. The,i, ra3ng'ild them the utmost credit and althoUgh no Ec ire•r( Suited Op to halt..tiole their display was, superior all round tl.that of the Warringtm men. The Visitlre • were.indtel fortunate. irt escaping defeat at the hands, Runcorn as the hom6gterv. ha,l. a free kick wader the posts in the list tnintitibut the shot *rine 'a ;Oat .vkkdei tbe.garneconcluditr,'W4ictiit snore_ ; ..• '.WARRINGTON. " A.. 11411 V. BISKSZ4 'HEAD WAtiDI,IREFiI

'On Saturday Warrington " " -t.eam visited liirlten• head Wanderers;" A "team for friendly encourtter. The Yieitors were decidedly off for-n, and the,final suite' of 1 g3al and 1 try (5 point') to I try (3 uoints),Z favour Or the " rifispOerers fairly repre,sente, the st,kte:. of the galle SOALB3 nuntral CHRIATMAS ,: Year money's worth at

AniNONS, 83, Bridge-etreet, Warrington..—Adit: „ 109 RENT BOOKi now Ready.—John.Blz!GiVON,, •, Stationer. &c., 34. Bridge-street,. Warrington.-44v. "lANSI COMPOUND " (Trade Mark) (Or 'Coughs rind Cod, of proven ellidgeF. 13f3. Sold by Chemists Ussui. OHEIST'At.OI liRE9IEII.9. A eliolea Assortment of For nroklets. Fe.noy Handtarelilefs, Umb.rellas, Plain ' arid Silk lined 104 GlovOroVaftS &O . &0.. in fancy 130869. W. T. WiLmaars, aenkeY-atrte.t,2•Legh-atreet, Warring-,

===== 0002601_18981230_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
66.11 ider

, S.,'. 44 '4:i!!1011 41611' 41,

===== 0002601_18981230_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
POVEY AND DUCKWORTH have built their BUSINESS on quality which is the best test of cheapness. 221 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

rtHRISTADELPHIAN ROOM, BOLD-STREET, WARRINOTON.—LECITIO3 (DV.) 6.30 p.m., Jan. let. by Mr. W• J. YOUNG of Chester. Subject : "Does it matter what we believe P The Word.or God contrasted with popular views.'' Seats free. No conc.:Cons or offeriw:s.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH, THE PEOPLE'S PROVIDERS, 22, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ST. EDWARD'S SCHOOLS, RUNCORN. RESULT OF DRAW.-18t, 848 ; 2nl. 760 ; 3rd, 123; 4th, 132; sth, 922 ; 6th. 301 ; oth, 555 ; 8111, 25 ; 9th, 224 ; 10th, 151 ; 11th, 363 ; 12th, 333 ; 13th, 171 ; 14th, 272 ; 15th, ; 16th, 64.3; 17th, 432 ; 18th, 317; 19th, 405 ; 20th, 153 ; 215 t, 930 ; 22nd, 155 ; 23rd. 557 ; 24th, 163 ; 25th, 255 ; 2610;. 61; 27th, 753; 28th. 777; 29th, 418 ; 30th, 7.2 ; 31st, 923 ; 32nd, 713; 33rd, 526; 34th, 13.

1 10t—OOTS.—The best and most stylish Gent's Boot I -ILJP will send to any address for 7s 6d. Kid leg. Leather BOOTS. lined, welt stitched, machine sewn. Sites BOOTS. 6to 10. Isinlosnoisamiga.rt Ladles Boot. 7s. 6d. Sizes. 2 to 7. If not approved, money returned. Sea testi- WALKIIR INGEIAM. Boot manufacturer, 81, Asylum-street, Leicester. -

- COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the nest GENERAL QUAR TER SEeSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be hoiden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in aud for the 'aid C runty, on Diformay. the 2nd day of January, 1899, at half-past eleven o'c'ock in the nrenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empanelled. The bearing of all appeals arising within the Efuedreds of Braxton, Eddisbury, Nmterich, and Wirral!, forming the Chester District, and she trials of all prisoners cool_ mitted from such Hundreds, wiil take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, thP 21d daT of January, 1839, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Fore- noon. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Court EIODSP, linutiford, on WEDNESDAY, the 4th day of January, nee, at eleven o'clock in the nrenoon. Toe bearing of all Appeals arising witein the Elendreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, an I Northwich, forming the Knutstord District, and the trials of all prisotiers committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such , adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the 1 . Kautaford District must be in atteadanle at the Court - House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 4th day of January, 1899, at eleven O'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD PO yrs, Clerk of the Peace fer the County of Chester. Chester, 13th December, 1898.

1 _— ALLAN LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. RAILINGS FROM LIVRTIPOOL. 0 S. CALIFORNIAN for Halifax and St. John, N.B. Jan sth 11.8. MONGOLIAN for Portland Dire:t , Jan 7th ^ b.S. CARTHAGINIAN for St. John's N.F., and Halifax " Jan 7th s.s. LAURENTIAN, for Portland Direct , 5.6. SIBERIAN, for Halifax and Philadelphia, Jan 21st . Saloon Fares from 211, End Cabin £7, Steerage 23 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars ' free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & CO., 19, James- ' lit, Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Brldge-st., Warrington T E

• "%AT-RITE STAR Lli v v ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. 4 4.47 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. OBEITANIC—Wed., Jan. 4. I *TEUTONIC Wed..'Jan.ll' Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus" Third Class passage at low rata, including Outfit free of charge to New York, •Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply to WELT, 131111 E, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenball street. London 8.0..

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NW YORK. direct every SATTIRDA.Y, and LIVERPOOL liIRW YORK and PHILADELPAIA every WHIM/3 DAY. CO.,OHN WALKER kj AN " EXAMINER " OFFICE, GTON.

ADELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STEANIE NS from LIVERPOOL. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, HOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA,SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND iLould take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at JOHN WALKER AND CO., r r XAMINER' OPFICE'

Ti U NDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS,

_ T. CLARKE, ' EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, BARLICSTOWN. A GRAND ASSORTMENT OF CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS. Quite New Designs at the above address. Also a very CHOICE and WELL-SELECTED STOCK of FICTUBH BOOKS AND FANCY GOODS Suitable for Presents; Games, &o. dm. EAR GE STOOK F BOOKS BY VARIOUS AUTHOR

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND IPROVISION DEALER, LEGII-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRB CHEESE.

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS. ANNUAL WINTER SALE NOW PROCEEDING. NOW PROCEEDING. BONUS DAY TO-DAY, (SATURDAY) BONUS DAY TO-DAY, (SATURDAY) EVERY 109 TE PURCHASER RECEIVES A COUPON WHICH CAN BE 11/WHANGED FOR A. TURKEY 12LIE. WEIGHT. FIRST SPECIAL DAYS, JANUARY 3RD. HEAVY GOODS, FURNISHING &c. SPECIAL NOTICE. EACH MORNING DURING THE SALE, THE FIRST ORDER OPENED WILL BE SENT ABSOLUTELY FREE, AND CASH RETURNED TO CUSTOMER, CLOSED ALL DAY. Dneamtnna 26m, (BANK HOLIDAY) We clo3e at 7-30 p.m., (iaturdays excepted), during the Winter months. CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED 82, 84, 86, AND 88, OLDEIAM-STREET, MANCHESTER.

T,„, o'S BANTER AND IJIRCE CYCLES. 2:IANUFAtITURED BY THB LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. SK S —VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND WALTON, LIVER POOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and. rim. Simplest IN the world to detarh. Chief 11.yce.a an:t A•r-• :Janis 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND SAUNDSRSON. District Manager. Established 1859. Sole Agent for Warrlngton • Mr. STAN WAY. 37. Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn : MISSES. HANDLBY AND BECK. Ironmongers.

• J. BANKS, THE POPULAR OUTFITTER, WILL OPEN IfIS NEW SHOP, ON SATURDAY tam. 45, HORSIMARKET STREET, WA.RRINCHON. (Close to Stockton Heath 'Bus Stand).

BALL SEASON. Itirl. R.ANDERTON'S BAN I) is open for Engage- -11)1 mente for Balls, Parties AC. : any number ; latest mu Bio.—For terms apply 78, BUTTERMARICET-STREET. War r in gton.

"11M1 EG PARDON, FIXCUA BUr WlitißE DID--," " OH, YRS ! ORNAAIHNTAI, HAIR tiPICHALIST. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEROIC-STRERI2, LIVERPOOL." "THANK YOU."

RIIPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES, T. BGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS( or Cure I Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss ond Surgical Appliance Workt. 7 a Grosvenor-street Lou eon-road. Manchester.

PRESENTS FOR CHRISTMAS, WI4IDDINGS, AND BIRTHDAYS, ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On SALE, a Choice selection of Pre3ents for CHRISTMAS. WEDDINGS, asi BIRTHDAYS, in SILVE it. SILVER- PL ATE, DIAMONDS, JEW ELLERY, and MISCELLANE- OUS. Also a fine sele3tlon of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, COIN CABINETS. ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIO-A•BRAO. OLD GOLD boughtor taken in exchange. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS. MEDALLISTS, AND JEWELLERS, 63, RRNsHAW STREET, LIVigRPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate,

HIGH-CLASS WEDDING EQUIPAGES, FUNERALS UNDERTAKEN, AT THE SHORTEST NOTICE. BALLS AND PARTIES CATERED FOR. Hu F. GREENOUGH, HANSOM AND CAB PROPRIETOR, GIGS, DOG-CARTS, LANDAUS, WAGONE fTES, Scc., FOR HIRE. SALOON 'BUS FOR PARTIES. TELEPHONE Ns. DN. BRANCH OFFICE: 24, HORSE AARK ET-ST. OFFICE AND LIVERY STABLES HEITHSIDE, WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, AND 12, LORD-STREET; LIVERPOOL.

"A. WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reltetbleallßAND-MADE SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. DEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CARES, well finished and especially adapted to tit fiat in the pocket, "FOR FIR LX SHILLINGS." This wat obis timedto a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCIS AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B, Sent tost-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

WILLIAM I, INDOP, Miniature Manufacturer of B I L L I A RD BILLIARD BOWLING and BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS, BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, , ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, GAMES Chels, Draughts, Tables Recovered FOR PARLOUR, Quoits, and Repaired. CLUBS, Puff and Darts, at PUBLICS. Skittles, &c. Estimates given. 38, SHUDEIHLL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

U MBRELL AS 1 UM BRELLAS I! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN RALF AN HOUR FROM 3s. Eth, T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

Li 00K TO YOUR WINDOWS a NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS. THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Bashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be re- placed by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. C .0K fr,, YORK

i POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S I BUY YOUR GROCERIES AT SAUSAGES POVEY AND DUCK WORTH'S ARE UNEQUALLED FOR QUALITY. AND SAVB MONEY.

W ALTHAM WATCHES THE BEST TIMEKEEPERS IN THE WORLD. NONE SO ACCURATE, NONE SO DURABLE, NONE SO. CHEAP. PRICES FROM 20s. TO £25. SCHIER WATER & LLOYD SOLE RETAIL AGENTS FOR LIVERPOOL. THE TRADE SUPPLIED. 29, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HENRY MILLING & CO., LTD., ARE NOW OFFERING MESSRS. JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS, LTD., HOUSEHOLD SOAPS IN GREAT VARIETY. ALSO THE ERASMIC CO.'3 CELEBRATED TOILET SOAPS AND PERFUMES. HENRY MILLING & COMPANY, LIMITED, 5, HORSE MARKET-ST. AND CORPORATION-ST., WARRINGTON, Telephone No. 48. Telegrams " Milling." Warrington.

PIERPOINT AND COMPANY BAKERS AND FLOUR MERCHANTS. 125, BRIDGE-STREET. WARRINGTON. PIERPOINT'S HOY'S BREAD. SPACIALITIE3 j PiERPOINT'S WHOLE FLOUR BREAD. PIERPOINT'S PLAIN AND FANCY BREAD. CHRISTMAS CAKES, BISCUITS, AUSTRIAN FLOUR, PASTRY AND RoDSRHOLD FLOUR, HOVIS FLOUR, SELF-RAISING FLOUR, PROVOST OATS, OATMEAL, Lc. Rich Home-made PLUM PUDDIN4S.--/tich Home-made MhiCEMEAT. Deliveries Daily, In Town and Neighbourhood. Orders per Vanmsa or Post will bs esteemed and [save prompt attention 125, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

J. B ISAAC HOLDS A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK OF ENGLISH• PROVISIONS WHICH HE OR FERS AT THE :LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES CONSISTENT WITH QUALITY. COMPRISING SEVERAL DAIRIES OF PRIZE CHESHIRE CHEESE, RICH CHESHIRE snuroNs, FINEST REAL STILTONS, LEGH TOASTING CHEESE. OUR OWN CURED HAUS. WILTSHIRE SIIOKED BACON. OUR OWN-MADE SAUSAGES. (SPECIAL QUALITY.) SANKEY-STREET, HO RSEHARKET-ST itEET, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

SUCH WONDERFUL VALUE IN TAILORING. SUIT TO MEASURE 39/6. IN BLACK OR BLUE AND OVER 300 DIFFEREL* PATTERNS, STYLE AND FIT UP-TO-DATE. SPECIALITIES IN OVERCOATS 20/. T 9, 25/. THE NEW PATENT RAIN PROOF (YET POROUS) PADDOCK COAT, FROM 25/. READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, 10, HORSESIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated efrectual HOOPIWG COUGH cure without internal I_IOOPING COUGH medicines. Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 4s. per bottl e. Sole 'Wholesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & Sox, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. ROCIIE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION' W• B. 6WEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for PALLING OR WEAR HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2e. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, BANBLAGH-BTRISBT, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

VC4 TRR W TE. ARRINGTON SLAo., LB DINORWIN AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LB. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHILST A CO., 1,11, BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD Orrrem: Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, ), Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. Warrington.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898, HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD M r7.DAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. FRESH MILK TWICE DAILY, KIM MILK FROM 11 a.m. FRESH BUTTEtt, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold In JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

POVEY AND DUCKWORTH'S HAMS, BACON, AND CHEESE RAVE A SPLENDID REPUTATION.

W. LHERWOOD AND CO. (LATE POOLE, 22 AND 24, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. Having got the whole of this BUSINESS, we are now prepared with a Choice Lot of NEW GOODS in all Deptrtments. LADIES' SHIRTS, CHILDRSN'S COATS AND CAPES. UMBRELLAS, GLOVES, UNDER- CLOTHING, MILLINERY, FANCY APRONS. PINAFORES, IC. RIBBONS, LACES, SILKS. SPECIAL OFFER of 50 cilz en Ladies' Pique Sewn Tan Cape and Horn Button GLOVES, 2s 64. every pair guaranteed. Other well-known makes from is Hid to 6s lid :lair. Silk (Lott, sulttn,e f, pre.euts, 'Ls 94, 54 lid, Bs 64. Manufacturer's Stock of Ladies' FELT HATS. beautiful Goods, at about half the usual prices. See windows. --- Choice Lot of Boxed Goods, suitable for 'Xmas presents, Dressing Cases, Fancy Handkerchief and Glove Boxes, Leather Writing Cases and Fancy Goods of all descriptions Suitable for presents. CHRISTMAS CARDS. kc. Novelty, Value, Style. See windows at ISHERWOOD'S (LATE POOLE), 22 AND 24.7 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. DONT FORGET THAT HILL AND CO's LUNG BALSAM IS THE BEST THING YOU CAN TAKE IF YOU CATCH COLD THIS CHRISTMAS Borngs, 7iD. AND Is. HILL AND CO., CHEMISTS, BUTTERMARKET-STRR ET, WARRINGTON.

ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SALE. SPECIAL BONA-FIDE DISCOUNI', 25. in the £. W• WOODS AND SON (ALFRED WOODS), WATCH AND CLOCK MAKERS, GOLD AND SILVERSMITHS. AND OPTICIANS, SANKEY-STREET & CORPORATION-ST., WARRINGTON, Special Stock of NOVELTIES for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. Every Description of SOLID SILVER and ELECTRO-PLATED GOODS, suitable f•A• Presentations and Wedding Presents. SOLID SILVER ENGLISH LEVER WATCHES. 425. each. Warranted and Guaranteed. SPECIAL-60s. EXTRA. STRONG AND HEAVY SILVER LEVER WATCHES. WEDDING RINGS of Guinea Gold, from is. 63. each upwards. SPECIAL BARGAIN—HALL-MARKED SILVER ALBERT. Over 1 oz., 65., Only. Grand Stock of Best OAK TIMEPIECES and QUARTER-CHIME CLOCKS, from 258, 2S. IN THE DISCOUNT. Please call and inspect at We WOODS AND SON'S (ALFRED WOODS), SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLrEMED 1858.

MO ENFIELD'S. GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH OF WINTER NOVELTIES. OPPOSITE PARR'S RANK, WARRINGTON.

RAIN RAIN RAIN! FOR NEW MACKINTOSHES, STYLISH MACKINTOSHES, CHEAP MACKINTOSHES, GOOD CRAVENETTE CLOAKS ao TO LORD BROS' 1281 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

BAR GAIN. £4OO wnrth Confectioner's GLASSES. latest shapes ; 5 Ovens. 40 Marble Tables, 500 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—EDWAßDS, 108, White-chapel. Liverpool.

AMERICAN Ice Cream F It& EZ [MS.-1,000 sold to shopkeepers a wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice Ulasses.—EDW ARDS AND CO., 108, White- chapel, Liverpool.

Fro all Parties Commencing Business.—Where to Purchase at the Right Price.—GROCRRS' FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit, Tobteconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; is splen- did selection ta choose from; inspection invited ; estimates free.—BDWARD3 AND Co., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

UIXTURBS. (Second hancll.—Shop or Office, Counters Showcases, Shelving, Desks. Scales, Weigh's. Canisters Coffee Mills, Butchers' Blocks. Safes Copper Urns. Par Boning, Bar bls Slabs. Gasfittiugs, Tanks, Contectioners Glasses, cheap.—SEProses,9, St. Anne-street, near Islington Verpool.

TEETH.—A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. IC) year warranty. SAM WOODS, Beg M,P., says in his testimonial They are a perfect fit, exceedingly comfortable, and are a credit to you." H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35. BEWSBY-STIMST, WRDNRaDAYS AND FRIDAYS

JAMES SHEPHERD. LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, WARRINGTON. Beet Prices gives for Dead and Worn-out Horses, Cows, ac., Prompt Removal and Cash Payment. Distance no object. /BEAT STORES I MEAT STORES I GOOD BOILED MEAT always on band, in large or small quantities. for Dogs, Cats, Poultry, ,tc., ac Contracts made. All Letters and Telegrams addressed to 11. MERSEY-STREbT, WARRINGTON. Private Address BRIDGEWATER-TREBT, LYMM.

15s. A Sur OF TEETH. la w s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY, 72, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager : Mr. W. E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary: Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY. 3 till 7-30. At MISS CHARLES'S RE 11STRY OFFICE, 13, LEGH-STREET, (off Sankey-street), Opposite Mr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. kunrors EVERY TUESDAY, 2 till 7, At MR. CRITJULEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET. Exactly opposite the Market.

JAMES DALEY ESTATE AND COMMISSION AUENT, RENT AND DEBTS COLLECTED. PROPERTY BOUGHT AND SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY. • ADDRESS :- 9, ST. AUSTIN'S-LANE, WARRINGTON.

GO TO PEMBERTON'S FOR WOOLS, PEMBERTON'S FOR STOCKINGS, PEMBERTON'S FOR GLOVES, PEMBERTON'S on CARDIGANS. ONLY MAKER IN THE TOWN. BEST VALUE IN THE TOWN. 35, WINWICK-ST., AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON, AND MARKET HALL, NORTHWICH.

FOR YOUR WINTER BOOTS TRY BOOTH AND SON, 29, BUTTSRMARR ET-ST REET, WARRINGTON, EBTABLI6RED OVER 30 TEARS.

F. DUTTON, LATE SUTTON AND CO. IEONVONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLRILRRT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, ail descriptions of AGRIOULTUBAL IMPLBBENTS on VIBW.

CHRISTMAS SALE. CHRISTMAS SALE. G- * ENUINE REDUCTION OF 2S. IN THE ,2 AT J. FINLAYSON'S, 42, BORSEMARKET-STREET, THE LARGES AND NEWEST STOCK OF GOLD AND SILVER JEWELLERY, PLATE, &c, IN THE DISTRICT. INSPECTION INVITED. NOTE THE ADDRESS :- 42, HORSEMARICET-STREET, WARBINGTo N. (LATE 34, WINWICIL-STREET).

JOHN WALKER AND CO., ENVELOPES 2s. 1"411 1,000. JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINRR" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS RULED, PRINTED AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE. PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS PROGRAMMES Nost SOIREES. PROGRAMMES Fort CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES NOtt 7E.IES, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR BUILDING:SOCIET lES, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, THE " LEVIATHAN" PLACARD, Single Sheet sft. 51n. by lit. 9in. THE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A INIONSTRii PLACARD may be foamed by joining number of the •. LEVIATHAN" SHEEIE. OLIN W ALKER AND CO., BEWSEV STREET WARRINGTON.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS CF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow HMO From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From. 243. WATERPROOF lIOLD-ALL From 93. 65 9, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 1, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, BEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUB- Tomtirts and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HEDGCOCK at King- street and 17. Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gasfitter, &c., where he hopes, by being more centrally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage. N.B.—A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances ; also a Choice Selection of wall papers and decorations will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

T. BIRTLES, PHOTOGRAPHER, LEGH HousE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN PHOTOGRAPHY CABINET PORTRAITS A SPECIALITY.

OUR CHAINLESS SAFETY. IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE, SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1895 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN, both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASII DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 691 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO, THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEXESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very bcst quality in Conveniently small quantities. ---- PRESS OPINIONS. "We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard." " An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and more costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we Commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright dun i g the coming season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times," LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain log Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, Hardy Plants, ac., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 50C Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

FRANCIS J. DELL, HOUSE DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, ,GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always in Stock. 30, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL LADIES AND GENTS MACHINES, £8 lss, TO £lO 10S. NEW HOWE GENTS' CYCLES £l2 lOs NEW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES £l3 Os EXCELSIOR LADIES' CYCLES £l4 Os PREMIER GENTS' CYCLES £l4 Os PREMIER LADIES' CYCLES £l4 Os. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES ,tl6 10s. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES £l7 10s. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. GARLAND, CYCLE FACTOR, .51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGT.ON.

ONE THIRD OF YOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP ,ON OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-1 WOOL BEDS, 10/9 PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTRESSS, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES . 12/9 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT 2s. 6D. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and IaWARANTr ED SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. TRONIZt BEDSTEADS, 13s. 11D.WIRE MATTRESS. 9s. 90. BASSINETTES AND MAILCARTS FROM 255. Note the Address : C 0.,. LIVERPOOL BEDDING HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, RF,WSF,Y-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUOHT IRON AND STEEL SAFE MAKER 135, WEST-STREET, OFF WIN WICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given. Enquiries invited.

DR AUG ("EXAMINER," DECEMBER., 30TH, 1898). [lll communications inctuoing solutions to problems, end problems for Competition. must b • addresfud to the " Draug..ts Editor," " Examiner" Offiue, War- rington, and must rfach the office not later than the first post on F rtIDAY morning. The Draughts Editor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and Will, as far as possible, answer in this column all encpsiries]. SOLUTION OF PROBLEM No. 13. By Mr. S. TAVLIN, Warrington. 26-22 2-11 16-11 10-14 *l3- 9 12-26 23-24 22-18 1- 6 25-30 17-13 20-27 15-10 14-17 9- 6 10-17 32-16 18 -14 6-10 30-26 22-18 1,29-25 *LI- 6 17-21 6- 2 3-10 18-15 14-10 10-14 25-23 11- 7 25-22 *6- 1 21-25 2- 6 White wins. by Ist Position. Var 1, 4- 8 16-19 25-22 18-14 18-15 29-25 19- 6 2- 6 8-12 f 5-10 22-18 White wins by Ist Position * Only moves to win. PROBLENI O. 14. (SELECTED.) [BLACK.]

, A 1, „ eA •A 1/.1, •9 r v ,cD vcD ••• c) CD CD Iv/ z/ c )

twEirc.] White to nvve and win. 24-19 12 —l9 31— 6 1 —ll 15-24 27-20 9 —lB 22 6 20-16 18— 27 26-22 White Wins. ---- ' / will 'Mr 2 rt/A aThe small diagram , i/./.,4 ,„ 3 gi enable our readers c 4.. to understand the nota- ' 6 * i ~,,,,, 0., ,t,,,,,, -, ).4., , .x,,,/ .--, ," tion by which the moves %-' g// 1 101,-0;,, il Sy, of the game are recorded 5 Black occupies the 13 614 i- p 15 ;',;''' 16 ' squares numbered 1 to a , ' 4 4":" fr 12 and white those num itgramirraionl bered 21 t i 31. The pm ,41 mu figures thus (1145) indi- La / ,23 '1;/,' Ku cate that a move is made D ~,_ . „12 from and to the squares ' :t‘.4 z I ,47:- so numbered. Black has E,9 ,', 30 ..„-„' "3'l4iNg,' 32 , ~, the opening. move and tiii,!;,,f, ~,,,,d_ lOW , the pairs of figures apply alternately to Black and White to the close.

Mante. T—ANTED—a-n-AI'PRENTICS-.-Cme for study given. . V V M. ASETON, Chemist, 63. Sinkey street, Warnngton.

, MART Warrington MEN requiring remunerative employ- ment. apply S. GORDON TERRACE, Marsh House-lane, or 57, Willia-street, Warrington. WA:NTED. ASSISTANT:MISTRESB—, -Jein-aiT9,-1899 ; ex-P.T ; salary £4s.—Address MISTER, Cloughfold National School, Rossendale, Manchester.

DOSTAL TUITION. Bookkeeping, Business Training- Ehor, hand, French, German, Commercial Correspon. dome ; Prospectus, Trial Lessons free ; moderate fees. R, GlAnent, 4, Duke-street, Charing Cross, London. 'GRNTS WANTBD.—Electro-Chernieal Chimney Cleaner. J. No sweeps or brushes required ; chimney cleaned any time of day ; no getting up cold mornings ; agents coiniag money.—UNIQUE MANUFACTURING Co., Rotherham,

BICKERSTAFFE CHUHCH SCHOOLS.—Wanted, in th 3 Infants' Department, for February 1, a fully qualified ASSISTANT TEACIIHN (Arlie 53); musical drill, kinder- garten. and object lessons ssential. salary £4O to begin with.—Apply the VICAR, Bickarstaffe, Ormskirk.

QANITARY INSPEC.CORSHIPS.—SaIaries £lOO to £250 • numerous vacancies ; permanent appointmems ; Special Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for coming exams; previous experience unnecesssry ; ladies eligible: over 200 successful candidates.—Apply ROBERT MUSAENS, Science Teacher. Sunder land

‘JIVIL SERVICE. VALUABLE GOVERNMENT APPOINTMENTS OPEN TO ALL. YOUNG MEN, 15-25 YOUNG LADIES, 15-20, Full details in. THE CIVIL SERVICE GUIDE' psi free from SKERRY'S COLLEGE, The greatest tutorial institution in the Unit.d Kingdom. SEE ITS NINETEEN YEAR'S RECORDS.-- THE MOST BRILLIANT SUCCESS EVER ACHIEVED IN THE HISTORY OF CIVIL SERVICE COACHING." ADDRESS :-5, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

?Ootrls, 30p13r00, 33oar1itiq OotabO. ---------- __— LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCR HOTEL, 34T0 40 LUDGATII HILL. ALSO AT 70 A 71. EUSTON SQUABS ROME COMFORTS. CLITAXLINERS AHD QUIET. CERTRAL FOR BUSIXReS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co.. Ltd. Proprietors. QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDR HYDRO, Physician: Dr. BARNADO. durnmer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; flne Bea View. neu Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from Ts 6cl per day, Including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOODOCK, Proprietor.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT PITIS'.S LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER. (Just past Station, through the Railway Arch). THOUSANDS OF POUNDS WORTH being cleared ont totally IRRESPECTIVE OF PROFIT. All goods delivered free of charge.

DI ITTS'S GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE was announced I a few days since, and ever since it has closely resembled a ROYAL FUNCTION, considering the numerous members of the elite of society who are honouring it with their pres- ence. and the avidity with which the IHRESISTIBLS BARGAINS, so splendidly disp'ayed in unbounded prodigality, are being' snapped up" speaks eloquently for the shrewd perception and good taste of the innumerable prompt purchasers.

1111)ITTS'S GREAT STOCKTAKING SALSA is not only being 1. patronised by the Quality of the District, but teeming multitudes of thrifty artisan, from near and far, bent on lay- ing out their bard-earned savings to the VIINY BIIST AD- VANTAGN, are making it their rend•zvous, and ;mooring articles for about half the usual expenditure, that whl be a source of pride and SATISFACTION to themselves as well as their children and grandchildren afterwards.

PITTs'S GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE. This spoutane- ous and cordial answer to PIT.Ta'S invit Ltion is indeed extremely gratifying, and will cause PITTS'S to offer STILL GREATER BARGAINS during the remainder of th, Sale, so for intending purchasers not to favour PITT,'S with a visit before deciding will be tantamount to committing financial su'cide. Everyone welcome, whether buyir.g or not, as Pitts's productions have only to be seen to be highly appreciated by all possessing taste and discernment. - - PlTTe'd STOCkTAKING DINING-ROOM BARGAINS. splendid value. Astoundirg display. Suites In Morocco, Saddlebags, Velvet, de. ; Sideboards, Dining Tables. Hundreds to select from. For instance : Splendid Suite, American Walnut, in rich Utrecht velvet, cost £45. for £l5 10s Handsome Sideboard to match. cost £2O. for £lO 10s. Extendinz Dining Table cost £7. for £3 31 Grand Suite, American walnut and Araisian Saddle bogs. cost 56 guineas, for £lB. Really marvellous bargain. -- PITTS'd STOCKTAKING DRAWING-ROOM BARGAINS In rosewood, betutitully inlaid, Circassian and Italian Walnut An., Chippendale, Sheraton, and other leading designs, upholstered with every conceivable variety of coverings, including Genoa and frieze velvets, brocatelle, cotelaine, silk'. dc. Exquisite Chippendale Suite, solid rosewood, beautifully inlaid. cost £55, for 24 guineas. Over- mantle to match, cost £l5. for 6 guineas Also Cabinet. Cost £55, for 20 guineas. Italian Walnut Sulte, In rich velvet, cud £55. for 15 guineas. One in tapestry. cost £3), for 12 guineas. Another in embossed velvet, cost £2l, for eight guineas. _ PITTS'S STOCKTAKING BEDROOM BARGAINS, Solid wood throughout, all complete in satin walnut, American walnut, ..panish mahogany, ash, and all fashion- able woods. Grand solid American Walnut Suite complete cost £bs and 25 guineas. Splendid Sada Walnut Suite, cost £45, for 18 guineas. Ash Suits, cost £25, for 11 guineas. Massive All-Bass Bedstead. cost £lO. for 5 guineas. Brills mounted Bedstead. Bedding, and Wool- m sttresses. at 21 guilt, as. worth double. Hundreds to select from.

PPITTa'S HOUSES OF FURNITUSH at 15i, 22k. 24, 381 60. 75, 100, up to 1000 gulneas net no praise ; outs might as well paint the lily, or gild refined goal. During the sale Pitts's will not alter the prices, but instead argument the quantity and quality of the articles, so you may take it for &ranted the. each House of Furniture is worth DOUBLE THH PHICH ASKED,

DITTS'S STOCKTAKING. °MCI: and LIBRARY But- GAlNd.—llesks, Tab es, Chaim btools, Bookcases. Secretaires, Copy Presses. Sates, Stands, at prices that era- tirely obliterate competition, At

SIAMUEL PITTS, Established 1845: LONDON-ROAD (close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just through South Junction Railway Arrth. Ardwlek, Longsight, and Belle Vue ears t.ass the door.

EVERY MAN QUFFERESOr from Ner-ous fiud Physical Debility 1... J should send for a valor. 'e pamphlet exn:aining Low all nervous and organic arrangements may be successiully trnated without stomach medication. Ihe method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure, Sent ~3aied, post free. Address— li. .NORION, 59, .Sz 5U Chancery Lane, London, W.O hsta °hailed 30 Yee.rs. MANLY MEN. Why suffer from pins and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion. and Wasting Weakness ? dend for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can he thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH 1121sDI0IN if or BLECIhICITY. Specimens of letters received, end guaranteed genuine : •• cannot find words to express how thank) ul lam I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, 1 should have saved many pounds.—G.F.M." " I have carried out your Instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.P." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stereos. J. LEIGH. 92 and 93, Great Russell street London. W.C. erd at once and cured. 1.2 Yeats' Continuous Soccer,.

--- BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAINS iI ! (LEAvirre PREausEs.) ¶FHI NLIItI Si()K OF LADIEb' AN I) .GENTLE NI EN'S OUTFITTING AT GREAT RADUCTIGNS, muSl! BR 4.)1..D. E. AV A rABIi, 34, RAMO& Y-STRART, Vv ARRINGTON.

Gr• H. MI. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED. JUST forfeited High Class 18 Carat Gold English LEVER INGTCH, By this famous Maker Harris, Man- Payments taken chester, in maLive 18 Carat Gold. plain hall marked Cases, While Dial Ruby Jewelled movement in New Condition. Really Cheap £l2 10s.

wEDDIN4 RINGS and Keeper Fings. Really Cheap Wedd- Payments taken ing Rings, from 15s. Keepers from 3s. 11d. at JACKSON'S CHURCH STREET. TUST forfeited Musical BOX, 21 Payments taken tl Inches by 9. Plays 10 of the Latest Tunes. With Bell, Vote the 22 g Price at JACKSON. S. 1./D. SPLENDID Pair of FIGURES, Payments taken under Shades. Real'y Cheap. 19s. OD. Twa Pair,

fj ITCLIRN FENDERS. 6s. 6d. IX. KITCHEN CHAIR 2s. lid. KITCHEN TABLES, From 7s. lid. LADY'S ROCKING CHAIRS Payments taken 4s. lid. GENTS ARM CHAIRS 9s. Ed. HEAVY RUGS From 3s. 61. OIL CLOTH from Is. 2/d. per yard, two yards Wide, at JACKSON'S CHURCH STREET.

DEDSTRADS From 15e. 6d. Mat- tresses, from fie. 114, Wool Bed Bolster and two Pillows From Payments taken 10s. 61. PICTUtiIiS, from 2s. lid, Pair, at 69, AN 61, CHURCH STIORT.

A LARGE Stock of OVER- tL Clocks, Payments taken Bronzes, Vases. Bedroom Tablie, tic. Inspection Invited. 59, AND 61, CHURCH STREET.

A LARGE Stock of Men's and 11.. Youths CLOTHING. Coats, f.om 3s. lid., Trousers, from 2s lid. Payments taken Vests. from Is. 3d. Overcoats, from 3s. 6d. Must Clear.

FOR SALS. light Brahmas.Langshan and Partridge,Wyan- dottes.Cockerels ; atso 1897 Langshau Hens and a few white Minorca Pullets from bs SWII4NERToN, bowd- ley, Market Drayton, Salop. OSALB 103 PULLBTS. free from disease; winter layers (crossed Leahorn-Bmbmas).— L. kIAWORTH, 125, Hart-street, bouthport.

VISI-I.—On receipt of 2s. 61. will forward Bass of finest .1: selected FISH, carriage paid. 'trade supplied. Puce hit free.—Addreas IiDWARD LAcr, Fish Docksarlinsby. (NBRIBR'S Celebrated BILLIARD TAdi.,RS and Patent kl Cushions are the best and cheapast xables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered.--J. O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

'IONSU NIPTION (incipient„ Bronchitis. Asthma epaediiy N..." relieved and finally cured by Tere-Phos ; week'a trial free. Send 6 stamps for weep.— PrtoiEerca WALSH, 45, Albert-street, Preston.

RECIPE tot sp:endld AMBROCAIION, invalusble trr iheurnatism. lumbago. sprains, trulses. also for sore throat and chest: 'argely used by Notbad and athletic (nubs. Postal order IC.--SHAIIP, 1)41ton-road. Barrow-in• Furness.

DBCORATIVA GRASSBS, is. per ; best quality; cheape t price. Pampis Plumes ls. 31. per dozen ; coloured, Is. f.t. klawktrs' cud Shopkeepers List free. Got d market lines.—WalT4, Grass Importer, Leicester, T" TB, Til ri ABOUT bTAMlidilliG. Auione Inter- ested will receive the latest information and important toots on the cure on loin, post free, without cnarge. from ITHuaIF_L, Messrs. Deacon, 1.54, Leadennall-street, London 910 BB SOLD.—Parnwortb, near Whines.—The extensive L Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co , with Machinery and 24,420 square yards or Preeho:d Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable tor tAemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOmICENG. 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

GOITRII, enlargement of neck. Huud.eds cured by my local treatment Generally one bottle will entirely cure, however bad. 6end Da, ostal or 3s. half sz3 bottle, to HOPE BhALLEY, 72, liewb,n-roal, Sparbrook, I.llrming- hsns —Also genuine rnedicAl prcscripAons 2s. Ulve careful paniculars. Write plain.

IT WILL PAY YOH' TO NOI ICH THIS. T HAVE a Quantity of Good GOVRRNMENT GOOD 1 passed out oi Service for other pattern,. a. d. Light Waterproof Sheets. 61t by 31t Light Waterproof Sheet., 6ft by 61t Heavy, Large. Dark (trey Waterproof Cloth Capes.— 2 6 Large Dark Grey Waterp-oof Overcoats Government Alt-leather Hesdstalls, with lead attached 2 6 Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap Good Albwob Hugs, albs. weight. Mt by 61t Waterproof Horses Loin Cloths. 461 n by 42in White Rubber Sheets, Brass Eveletholes, 46in by 421 n % 0 Very Strung Leather Leggings' per pair Shoulder Bags, large Giza, with Shoulder Straps Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 o Driving Reins, quite new, Stoat Leather, 25ft long metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen ted Sheets, lilt by bft 2 6 Carriage or Dour Mats, real skin, full size Surcingles with Rollers Tarpaalin Corers. made up to any size, Is per square yard, will lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from IL J Gassos, Government Contrator, Rye.

NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY PEES MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale. Publicity, or Fees, from one month to five years. rr 11 F. NATIONAL M ERCANTILE BANK, 3, I. COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS-STREET, Established 1872. MANCRN,THIL Capital. £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons In need of temporary Assiotance. Private and prompt ADVAN UM made daily on borrowers' simple promissory not e. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated p-riod. SPEC IA L alia.—This Bank does not charge reliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectional Loan Office routine is entirely disronsed with. Apply in strictest couildnce to Mr. RoB bar JAM SS, Resident Manager. Novi.—SPKOIALLY RADVANTAG ROOS 'NORMS frs. LOANS on LIFE IltlillGANO2 POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND MORTGAGES. NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TUOUBLBSO3III WATCHES kIenCTUALLY FIRST CLAS WORKMANSHIP. • Ail Work tioarantted for 12 Uontbs. Mao Repairs In CLOCKS. JUWIILLISSY, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, SU TEEM ARKET-TetEET.

IM PORTANT TO LADIES. PROFESSOR TR-I/NEWS r ;DIAL k_JORR,ECTIVE. COMMOT3 AIL lIIREGIPARITIE3. removes all Obstructions fr,ru whit Lever anise arising) and relieves the dittrwsintc symptmns so prevalent with the !p.c. Perfectly .old never lai.s bring °Wirt tits de,ired esult, as Lem Iliad by thousands. rr;os 2s. 91. Lid 41. 6a. Kstrs strong Ils. Care folly packed and sent free from observation. ADDRI3ISB —NI iN AGII:RES•4, ,INSTITUTE, 14, PRICR-STRW4T:(NEto SAmox's Honor), LIVEueOOI..

Cl:mutton. y YTHAM.—Boarding Sebool for Girls, 48, Westby-street. .1J Careful Training. Highest References. —Misses MILES.

iss LEILA. BAIRSTOW, L.C.M. (also pupil of Signor IV Monari Rocca) Pro,essor of English and Italian hinging. Breathing and voice production Specialite. Voices trird (by appointment) free of charge. Ternas-10. BOLD STREET, Warrington.

MISS ANNIE G. BURToN, SOr.o MANDOLINIST (Successor to La. Tostia) ; Violin and Mandoline Lessons; every Thursday at Miss SUTTON'S CHAMBERS For terms apply. LTUIOR Bank Ohambel s, Market Gate Warrington. WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN on TUESDAY; JANUARY 24TH, 1899. The HEADMASTER will be at home to Interview parents on SATURDAY, JANUARY 21st and MON- DAY, JANUARY 23rd. PROSPECTUS, &0., ON APPLICATION.

ANC HESTER GRAMMAR, SCHOOL. FEE Et 4. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM begins Ti.7IhDAY. JAN 17th, 1899. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY. JANUARY 16th. 1899. at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Foxing of Application, sim., may be hid at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-house in oonnection with the School, is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

pnraall D aad X Rod bmaliwares, wressmaking ; at.Ocki /slid fixtures ; low rent ; good reasuns ; must sell.-39, KING-STREET, Stretford, Manchestet. LIMED FISH and CHIPS.—MaBnoTTS CHAMPION Ranges .112 and Potatoe Feelers; also Shop on Wheels for outdoor 24 page Est free. 51, Lever-st. Manchester. TO BE LET an old-established BUTCHER'S BUSINESS. J. with slaughter-house, stable, and enclosed cart shed : well fitted ; also a cold air chamber, LI Ball and Sons, new two months ago; will hold a beast and a half.—Apply 40, STOCKPORT-ROAD, Denton, Manellesttr.

Iliontp. _ 210 to £5O. Respeetabie persons in need of financial 9,1111iA • lance, write to TURNILL AND CO. 55a, Renshaw- street, Liverpool.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK. 10,c 0 R PORATION-4 I !IRBY, MANCHNOTRE. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments. or in one sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of 4uterest from One Mouth to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds. Reversiotts,and Life Policies. No preliminarr fees charged.—Apply to ME. RICHARD WOOD, Massager.

NO PRELIMINARY 'WES OHAROBB. M.°I4TRAYDEISME EN NT LPo DALY, Af GT EH LoYu 8 Vic I FARMERS, a Otne,s, in sums of RIO up to £5O. ON BORROWERS OWN PIiOsiISSORY ROTH at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arrang d to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS -01.' e,ALID TAX RN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNII, Accoun- tant, 20. Kennedy-street., stauchester. hatablialsed 870. UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. itegiatered Capital £lOO.OOO Head Office ItR3ISHAW-Slllll3/4r, LIVERPOOL. £lO to &55,00 anvanced upon personal security, Deeds, Shares, at the following low rates . RIO repayable bs. weekly —Entire interest 14s. 9.1. £5O „ 20s. „ £3 Bs. 64. £lOO ~ 40s. £6 I6s. 0.1. Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates buil imeeiai terms ,Uf repayment arranged it desired. hills oiscounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal applicatiom RICHARD I)AVIE:3, Manager. N.l3.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2f to 4 per cent. per annum payable half yearly.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. oHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVA.NORo efi ERIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, skid all respectable ticaseholders, on their own security. sIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, oil your simple written promise to pay back. Ajply et MI:OMA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, wAßßlzzarort at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from nuNcoRN an District generally receive tweciselv the tame attention Loans In sums of ES, ET, LI £3O, £33 and upwards.

BUSINESS IS BUSINESS and it is very UNBUSINESSUKB to ruin or jeopardise your BUSINESS for want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difficult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS lines is the only genuine way of doing BUSI iiss. MR. W. STE WART, 2, COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER, Has large invteted funds and will advance sums to re- sponsible Persons from .£lO to El-300 on proper I3USINBSS terms at reasonable interest and easy repAyments. Advances also on Morgages and Reveraons. This Is BUSINESS I STRICT ii PRIVATS 11l GENUINE lilt Personal Sills or letters receive prompt attention.

FI ELDI N 0 ' S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT co. (Established ever 50 years. LOANS £3 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life A.s-t.ma7e Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leaseho.d Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £6 „ 2/6 .. £2) „ ic/- „ £lO „ 5/- „ £25 ~ 12/6 „ Letter. with a stamp will renoive prompt attention. No fees. No flues. Oface hours 9to 8, Saturday 9to 1. APPLY TO JOSE.PTI W ADSW ORM, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121. MERSEY-STREET. WARRI NOTON'

OYSTERS, OYSTERS, OYSTERS. FEARON, OYSTER MERCHANT. MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON BEGS to REMIND his CUSTOMERS and the Public generally that he has a FRESH SUPPLY DAILY of the best quality of OYAERS, which will be found to be free how any injurious matter. BEST IRISH BEST DUTCH 2s. 61. „ SPLENDID BLUE POINTS Is. SADDLE ROCKS OTHER AMERICAN-1 ALL ORDERS SAN'ELY PACKED IN BAGS. TOWN AND COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

graIiNRRALS, reliable; any number can have good places, at once.— M rs. GRAY, tiegistry Office, a, Oross-street, Sale.

lONFECTIONBILY.—W anted Female Confectioner as LI First Hand; only those accustomed to Ftret.class trade need apply.—Address, with references, stating salary required (to live in), 9, ORCHIRD-ROAD, St. Anne's-on-the- Sea.

91EN THOUSAND FARM:IA.-12 Yards Beautiful Lane, 1 and Silk Lace Vali, 1 Silk and Lace Collarette with 2 Silk 83W3 and Fancy Buckles, and one is Novel ; carriage paid . W. COTTON. Weekday Cross, Nottingham.

AST aOLOGY.—Your FUTURE FORETOLD, Marriage, Children, Onanges in Circumstances, Journeys. Legacies, etc. Send date of birth, 12 stamps and stamped envelope.—Mr. CoLg, 30 Cheltenham Place, Brighton, Sussex. A LL SNICKERS should have the patent " BLOWOUT" ..C1 PIPE cleaner, and nth box combined handsomely nickel Wined Cost tiee 7 stamps WILLIAM. —146, North- stieci, Woiverhampton. _ Agents wanted. 122, M EKET STREET, EARLESTOWL MISS L. 13AILFLY, T.C.L. f. 3 ft 17, 1% inner and Senior ElonourN for Pianoforte Nod Silt list. Ito., of Trinity College. London. Gained 14 Certificates of various Colleges of Music, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforoi, Mandoline Singing, Harmony, 'theory, Am Pupils prepared fm Trinity College and other Examinations. TERMS MOD ERATE.

wAltit IN GTO N WWIRLS'i LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. ANNUAL .t,OIRKE, AND DANCE. IN PARR HALL ON TUMMY RVENINO, JANUARY lira. 1899. Full Particulars shortly.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. RETURN VlsiT sir SPECIAL REQUEST OF THE RHONDDA ROYAL WELSH CdOIR. COIN DUCTOR : MR. TOM STEPHEN PARR HALL, FEBRUARY 16Tir, 1899. PROCEEDS ix AID or THE WARRINGTON DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION. MAKE A NOTE or THE DATE, FEBRUARY 16ra. AND DON'T FORGET IT, rHE CORPORATION of WARRINGTON is PRE PARED to RECEIVE LOANS either at six months notice, or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Borough Treasurer. Munici- pal °tikes, Warrington.

CIENERALS WANTED. also good COOK GENERAL; wages no object ; must hare good character.—Miss COOK, Registry, Cookerhill, S,talybridge. YRS. GRIFFIN. 24, DERBY' RANGE, et—eaten Moor, lii Stockport, wants good PLAIN COOKS, 24 to 20, wages £2O ; good Generals, 18 to 22, £t7 ; and thorough Heusemeld-W &resit £lB.

,o1.1,11:6 WANT LILI to puhti first-ciass .aubinery Oils. 1-31. Liberal Commission.—Box, 31, Post Offlze, Liverpool, -- -- AGENTS WANTED ; unprecedented terms ; attractive Christmas Nov.ltirs.—LONDON GOLDWIRE WORKING COMPANY, M, Jervis-road, London, S.W. Samples shilling.

A GHNTS, Hawkers (either sex) wlyi want t 4 double money ZS. this season should try It tiSeELI.' Everlasting Firelighters, by loyal Letters Patent, 7,607 ; handiest article In the world ; never fails ; thousands sold ; enormous proats ; guaranteed genuine ; 4s 6d per dozen, or 42s per gross. Sample Order 9 'taint's. post free. Address Mrs. I{l/B*ELL, 3, Sylvester-street. Bolton. (Mention paper).

OUSTACHR positively grown inn few days. Result 1. simply marvellous. Hundreds of testimonials. Try one box ; sent securely packed. P. 0. Is. Ouvag, Broad street Corner. Birmingham. 1---1 OUT and Rheumatic Pills, Certain Cure, absolutely-- kJ New Remedy. send Is. for .2) doses.—STEWART, 37 Plantaganet street, Cardiff. TO FISHMONGIIRS. ARMY AND .NAVY CLUBS, 1. Hawkers and private families.— I would advise you to try one of my 1.5., 155., 205., kits of mixed fish, I4est quality guarantre 1. Small basses of fish 2s. 6d. and 3s. 6d. carriage paid. Fryer's fish codlins, Is. 6d. ; small haddocks, Is. 93. ; medium had .ocks, 2s ; dabs 2s. per stone. Terms cash. —To CHARLES H. SMITE, Fish Docks Grimsby,

V BASI I Ylta.d't I I—"liatile," • tialfmoon,' 0,143 1 ‘• Kangaroo" Brands.—G. M. JONES. 9, Blackfriar ',rest. Manchester. L 150 At from 3i PER CENT to the 1000 ADVANCED on MORTGAGE in SUMS to snit BORROWtiIIE3 in any part of the COUNTRY.— j. W. READER, 6, Cook-6t.. Liverpool, Telephone 6,162.

XMAS 1898. BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASES OF PRESENTS, DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY. ALL ARTICILES PRICED IN PLAIN FIGURES. UNRIVALLtin vAIIETY. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, FOR CASII. J. S. G ARLAND, VtJNNSHING IT.ONnONGI3R. 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

7 Vubitt Rlotiorfs, BterbottOeFS, Scr. Q —SPLENI IDLY Fitted-up SPIRIT VAULTS ; • Terseing thorouldhfare : tied for Oa to good bre. ers ; frer for ali spirits.—W ALLWORK AND CO.. London- reed Liverpool. Sll5 O. vb ne:na rbeEsxecelrla.Ti Fos:Alt-ea included.—WALLwoßK AND Co., 23, Loudon•ioad; Li‘ erpool. _

ROBERT I ,OWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AD VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. F 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Nurwiture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. burniture, Ito., warehoused.

G_EDDES DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pnblic. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J.. GEDDES AND SON. VirMIRINGTOI4 ESTABLISHND 1833

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTER. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-atoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES, OWEN STREET.

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTEOT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (G t. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. Ameriea. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CHASTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Marketßefuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the seasoa to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from GEORGE PLANT, Indocr and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to Mr. H. ALDRED, Stamford-rd., Altrincham. Mr. J. H. NEWTON, West Derby, Liverpool.

DON"r COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE,' DON'T COUGH-USE There is absolutely no remedy so rpeedy aud effectual. (inc lozenge alone gives relief ; can be taken by the most delicate. K EATIN G'S COUGH LOUNGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, If you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating's Lozenge will et you right. Any Doctor will tell you they ate UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. TITTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere in tins 130. each, or free on receipt of stamps. from THOMAS KRATING. Chemist. London.

LISTEN TO THIS! SOW'S YOUR CHANCE! TO INAUGURATE THE EXTENSIVE ALTERA- TIONS necassiated by our Growing uer =DE, I have decided to [memo t HATS FOR NOTHING, FOR ONE MONTH ONLY, TO DECEMBER 20. m. EVERY 100ra HAT CUSTO IdER, who comes to pur- chase a Hat or esp, before the above rista. whether his purchase be for a Itrge or mill amount, will receive his purchase free of cost. Co I.IOUNFIELD. Ye olile Umbrella and Necktie Shoppe, OPPOSITE PARRS BANK, WARRINGTON.

W. ET. AND (.1. LAWLESS I-TOME-MADE MINCEMEAT Is DELICIOUS. LARGE JAR ICD. 8%1 LL JAR t4 D. 12.1 b. GLA.aS BOMA 5/6 LEIION CHEESE Ilb. Jar . SnaaU Glasr NOTE THE ADDRESS :- 47, BRIDGE-TREET, 5, MA lIK ET-lILACE, wARRINaTON.

T. D AINTITH, DUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER, SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES, ROVER, CENTAURS ARILS, AND OTHER MAKES OF CYCLE. New Eu3iress Address:— • 121, lIRIDGE-SfLINET, WARRINGION•

• MAWSON AND Co.. STANDARD TAILORS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S ITMBRELLA3. , Sole Ager.ls tor MESSRS. ALLEN RAIRR AND LO' ri LADIES' Alv GENTLE:IIER'S 351 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

J. H. NITARIxG & SONS' FIRST ANNUAL Cl OF HIGH-CLASS NEW AND SECONDHAND FURNITURE, Affording Buyers a rare opportunity for securing Goods at LESS THAN COSr. 16-18, HARDMAN-STREET, Below the Philharmonic-hall. LIVERPOOL. All Goods purchased during Sale stored free.

ACCIDENT ASSURANCE. ACCIDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' .ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS PAID £3,850,000. 64. CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester Office : 64, Cron Street. AGENTS. Warrington Mr. C. j HOLMES, Market CI-ate Mr. W.H RlGBEY.Nesscliff Victork-rd.,Latchford St Heteng Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Ebutsfo-ci Mr. ALFRED E. CUTANYt gandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

SPECIAL SHOW ROOM FOR CHRISTMAS CARDS NOW OPEN. INTENDING- PURCHA.SERS are respectfully in- vited to PAY US AN EARLY VISIT, so that they May select their requirements conveniently, assisted by our best attention, ARTHUR DAVIDSON (LATE LOWE AND LAITRWAITE), 61, BRIDGE-STREET, IVA EttINGI ON.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained f3r it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchr3ers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the nole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & SON 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Penis', London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in oxes at 2e. 9d. each by most Chemist.

For the past quarter of a century there he been ontinuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the trny wonderful cures effected by CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE, "the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diaeasea Pimples, and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a trial to test its value. Sold everywhere. at 2s. 9d. per bottle Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—stdvt. (6)

CHRISTMAS 1898. SINGLETON AND STEPHENSON, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, WISH TO DRAW ATTENTION to the Ex- ceptionally large number of CHOICE CATTLE which they have purchased at the Xmas Sales in Warrington. THEY HAVE AGAIN SECURED MOST OF THE PRIZ It WINNERS, CrUDING THE IST PRIZE BULLOCK, BY R. STONE, ESQ., Newton Park. IST PRIZE HEIFER, FED BY J. WHITLOW, ESQ. IST PRIZE 2 YEAR OLD HEIFER, FED BY J. SHAXESHAFT, ESQ., Lymm, THREE BZST BEASTS in the Norton Arms Yard, FED BY J. SHAKESHAFT, ESQ. IST PRIZE CALF, FED BY MRS. WARBURTON, DALLAM. AND OTHERS TOO NUMEROUS TO MEN TION. THE STOCK IS ALL LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE FED. ENCOURAGE HOME INDUSTRY. SINGLETON AND STEPHENSON Take this opportunity of thalking their cus- tomers for their etPems.cl patronage and re- spectfully solicit a c ontinuance of the same. TELEPHONE 113. TELEGRAMS, Cheviot.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANCE ACTURER. Sacking, Can as, Stack-cornera, Netting Curled-hair. Oil Sheets, &c., -- TENT 3 and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, de., fitted complete. 6, CH ESTE IL'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

I

I

I

A

I

EA.SON..BLP PFESENIS. _ HENRY MILES, (GLOVE SPECIALIST), is showing the larzest and most complete Stock of Ladies' ant Children's Gloves ia Liverpool. £B,OOO STOOK OF GLOVES TO CHOOSE FROM. ACCEPTABLE PREiENTS ! USEFUL PRESENTS MILES'S PATENT SEAMLESS KID or SUEDE GLOVES, made from selecied kins, and per- fect Wing, at 33. 1311. per pair. SPECIAL! TIES— wn dmigns—!fl LADIES' KID or SUEDE GLOVES, lined silk rir wool, also unlined, at, 11A 24. sid., 23.,11.ij • , 31. 1.11. d. n 1 43. 11d, per pair. EVENING GLOVES in every shade, lenztb, and ~f ”Thahlt, quditc, at po,,tr price 3, GIRLS'. BOYS', ENFANTS GLOVES in Strong English Ipatiii,r, at 13. 011.,11. Is. nit per,peir. PURSES, LEATHER GOODS. HANDKER. CHIEFS in Roiceii, GLOVES in Boras, SACHETS, GAUZE and FEATHER FANS, FU it MUFFS, NECKLETS. and FUR SETS, SILK and LACE COLLARETTES. FICEIUS. BOWS, SILK SQUARES, MUFFLERS and INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS, UMBRELLAS, Sze, at Popuiar Prices. LADIES' BLOUSES, SHIRTS, SKIRTS, COR- SETS, DRESSING GOWNS, UNDERCLOra. ING, &c., in Great Variety. TRIMMED & USYRDIIIED MILLINERY AT SPECIAL PRICES. HENRY MILES, 25, 251, and 31, CHURCH-STREET, (CORNER OF TARLETON-STREET), AND AT EDWARDS'S, ao, :CHURCH S mt. Err, (Three Doors from Hanover-street). LIVER POOL.

DR. Sc'' plus Contain the finest drugs that can be procured DR SCOTS p ILLS Cure S le Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. SCOTT. pi LLS Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. R. SCOTT s PILLS Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. SWIT'S PILLS Ihe Best Family Aperient Medicine and BloodiPurified DR.S ', corrs p ILLS Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet:oricold. IY- SCOTT'S Fans Are prepared only by W. I AMBEET, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, Loudon, W. Do not be cirsunded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

i TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE sir RENOWNICD FOB IOW LE'S GHLORODYNE COUGHzi, To W LE'S CHLORODY NE BIItNauCEMIS, rp CONSUMPTION. _L OWLE'S C HLORODYNE ASTHMA, rri i 1 SPASMS. &c. 10W LE'S UR LORO DYN E 130. per Batt°. A. P . TOWLE MANCHESTER.

Ebr "epairtmer 411710 OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Mi -Cheshire Examiner, pub- Ballad every Saturday morning. THE Bangs/own and Newton Examiner, published every Pricisy Afternoon. TB.E St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. 'THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri. .L dav morning. and *rrHE Wants Examiner, published every Friday IL morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six "Nerds. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 33. —. 2s. Oct 27 Os. 9d. ... is. led. 3s. Oct. is. Oct. 2s. 6d. ... Si. Oct. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... N. 04. 54 is. 63. ... 3s. Bd. 6s. Oct. • The above shames are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise meat inserted on oredit under 2s. per Insert on.

EXPIRATION OF TENANCY. RELINQUISHINO THE BUSINESS. CLEARANCE SALE. JOHN S. GREEN. BOOKSI,:LLER, STATIONER, Exc., 34, BRIDGESTREET. toirARRINOToN. In terminating his tenancy is also relinquishing the ahoy e- mentioned BUSINESS, and has decided to off it. the whole of his STOCK AT COST PRICES. BOOKS at COsT PRICE ALBUMS at COSt PRIO PURSES at COST PRICE POCKET BOOKS at cosx PRICE PHOTO FRAMES at COST PRICE BIBLES st COST PRICE PREYEE AND HYMN BOOKS at COSI7 PRICE BIRTHDAY BOOKS at COST PRICE TOY BOOKS at COST PRICE PICTURE BOOKS at COST PRICE INKS at COST t RICE STATIONERY EVERYTHINGF AT COSr PRICE! JOHN S. GREEN. BOOKSELLER. STATIONER, &C. 34, BREDGE•STREET, WA.RRINGTON.

J. AND W. DUTTON, 16, 18, AND 20, b.iNKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. ANNUAL WINTER SALE, COSIXIiiNCI33 ON TUESDA.Y NEXT, JANUARY 3RD, 1893. SPECIAL BAEIGA.In IN AL'. DEPARTMENTS. J. AND W. DUTTON, 16, 18, AND 20, SN.kb,Y "ri • AMEET, WARRINGTON.

WYCLIFFe: CIL-WU:FL BEIVSEY - &rah:ea WARRINGTON. WATCH NIGAT SERVWDS TO-N[4LIT AT 11-15 corn:worm) 11Y AR. A DORNSY. TO-MORROW (SUN)kY) JANUA.ItY IsT, 1893. A NOW YEAR'S SERVI(JO FOR YOUNG PEOPiA AND OTAERS AT 103). ADDRESS BY REV. JOHN YONGIO. sPiULAj RYZNS PROVIDSID. N B —Annual Didtributiou of klioles to sterobers of th) Pastor's Special Class. 1,1 the Breninir at 6-3) SPECIAL SICUAI./ZI ON THE WYCLIFER MO [TO TEXT FOtt THC &BAT YHA.% BY THE REV. JOAN YONGE. Usual Offertories.

CADBURYS Coco tis absolutely pure, and should be taken by old auci :maim, at all times and in all seasons ; for Children it is an ideal beverage, promoting healthy growth and development in a remarkable degree. Insist on having CAD oURY's, as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra proat. Sold only in Packets and TIOS. Advt. (3) IMPORTANT T ) CONSUMPTIVES. DR. LoOOCK'3 PULMoSIC WAFERS —Mr. W. saunders, Devonshire Cottage, Yore Square, Stepney, M , writes :—" fh Waters have cored me of Consumption —the dire disease ti it omit ems ottivri many of my family—and I write to tell sufferers now they may be cured, and eliculd any alopt this rate 4 of remedies through my instimmentaiity, I shall feet I liscos not been spared in vain In Asthma, Consumption. id-onehitis. Coughs, Colds, Shortness of Eireatti. Volegrn. Ptins in th 3 Chest, and Rho onatism. they give instant reilef and a rapid Cure Da. LOCOCK'S WAFERS taste pieasanly. Sold at is. lid., 2s. 91., 4s, 6,1., and its, per bit, oy Deu;gists. —AUvt. (5)

"In the organism of man as in that of all the highest animals, the materials for the nutrition. of every portiod of the structure are supplied by the Blood. If the b:ood is diseased the body is diseased." " Blarkete World famed Blood Mixture" is a guaranteed cure far Blood sad Skid Diseases It is the most searching blood c:vanser ever discavered, and' will free the system iron' all impurities from whatever e.,use arising. For Scrotula, Scurvy. Bezem.s, Bt.t Legs Pimples, and Sords of all kinds, as effects are mary&loue Thousands of testimonials. Bot‘i ivervwbere at 2s. 9.1. per bottds. Beware of worthies. im Lations and subWtute,— Adv. 7

I F one firm of nianufaciurers more than another keeps I abet of ne time, in the inatkir of imp.ernetits for Sport, that firm is GPI:,a. BT.T3iET t 00., win, ant !e,vlmg the way again with their late,t improe;,l Damon D,lViri Hockey Club. bearing their well known trade mark -4-e--a-rea Aak the local Oports Deitier • for G. (4 Co's Ko.ekey List. ,f not procurable apFily f, 53 33, Queen Viaori a-street. London. Famori is —P h . Lod don ; and Elinswell, Advt. (2).

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND, SURROUNDING DISTRICTS. JOHN• M. PORTER, FISH, GAME, AND POULTRY SALESMAN, 22 EiORSEJI ARKET-STRE ET, BEGS to Inform the PUBLIC that owing to the extreme mildness of the weather, and the perish- able nature of his GOODS he will not this year make the USUAL OUT-DOOR SHOW, but he has arranged for a CONSIGNMENT OF GEESE, TURKEYS, PHEASANTS, VENISON, &C. DAILY DURING THE 'XMAS SEASON, THUS GUARANTEEING TO HIS NUMEROUS CUSTOMERS A FRESH SUPPLY OF THE CHOICEST STOCK IN SEASON. A LARGE SUPPLY OF GEEskl AND TURKEYS WILL ALSO ARRIVE DAILY, A SPLENDID STOCK OF HARES AND PHEASANTS WILL BB SPECIALLY SHOT ON THURSDAY, FRIDAY. AND SATURDAY. THE 15rn, 16r a, AND 171.3 INST. DUCKS, FOWL, GAME, &c,, THE FINES I.' STOCK IN TOWN. JOHN M. PORTER, FISH AND GAME SALESMAN, 22 , HORSEMAUET-STREET,I WARRINGTON.

BUBBLE-BLOWING HANDICAP. ERASMIC DOLL STARTS SCRATCE! PRIZES :-ERASMIC SOAP AND SCENT, ETC. FOR PARTICULARS SEE WINDOW. H. M. ASHTON, CHEMIST, 63, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

J. IVIARsn, 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR SHEFFIELD TABLE CUTLERY.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, ARE NOW HOLDING THEIR ANNUAL SHOW 0 F FANCY GOODS AND USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR GIFTS. STERLING SILVER ARTICLES, ELECTRO PLATE. COPPER, BRASS AND BRONZE WARE, EXQUISITE CHINA ORNAMENTS Arm VASES. LEATHER WARE, MISCELLANEOUS FANCY ARTICLES, TOYS, GAMES, GIFT BOOKS, U. IN GREAT VARIETY. FANS, GLOVES, UMBRELLAS, AC. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE SENT POST FREE ON REQUEST. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT PITTS'S LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER. (Just past Station through Railway Arch.) 1 THOUSANDS OF POUNDS WORTH BEING CLEARED OUT TOTALLY IRRESPECTIVE OF PROFIT. DITTS'S STOCKTAKING SALE HAS COMMENCED. 1 This important announcement will doubtless send a thrill of pleasure through the shrewd public who always make a point of patronising Pitts's Sales, knowing full well that at such times a saving of 25 to 50 per cent may often be effected. fPoirttaslwaareysregnirinned far and wide, in fact stand pre-eminent v. UTMOST POSSIBLE VALUE, but at their Stocktaking Sales Pitte's give MORE THAN VALUE 2113 in matey instances art.icles are marked CONSIDERABLY BELOW COST, in order to clear them out to facilitate Stocktaking. 11BITTS'S believe that if they sacrifice several hundred _L pounds, during this great Sale, giving their customers the benefit such sacrifice will pay them in the long run as an advertisement by still further strengthening their well- known reputertion as the BEST and CHEAPEST GENERAL FURNISHERS. It is utterly impossible for anyone, not having favoured Pitts's with a visit, to conceive tne astound- ing variety and magnitude of Pitts's UNRIVALLED STOCK of new and second-hand FURNITUnE, BEDSTEADS, PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, etc., etc. la fact every household and office requisite, much of which Pitts's have secured at about a third of original coet from numerous large residences the rames of which hove already been advertised. Pitts's intend this sale to fur surpass all previous efforts. As such an opportunity RS this ot economical fur- nishing occurs but seldom it is the BOUNDEN DUTY of everyone desirous of laving out their hard-earned money to the BEST ADVANTAGE to call at PITTs'S WITHOUT DE- LAY, or they may he too late, PITTS'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151,2428/, 34,50 75, 100, up to 1,0.0 guineas need no praise; one /right as well paint the lily or gild refined gold. During the sale, Pitts s will not alter th prices, but instead augment the quantity and quality of the articles, so you may take it for granted that each House of Furniture is worth DOUBLE THE PRICE ASKED. Inspection will verily this state- ment. P 1 ITS'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 15/ guineas, worth £35 ; includes a splendid serviceable suite in leather, dining table, fendea and brasses complete, capital Brussels carpet, with hearthrug to match, window fittings, 860. Kitchen includes strong Windsor chairs, strong table with heavy white top. nine Farm of seasoned oilcloth, hearthrug. fender and irons complete. Bedroom has all re- quisite articlos ; massive bedstead, mattresses, bed bolster. and two pillows (guaranteed new and clean), carpet, toilet ware, Sm., all complete and full size. TinITTS'S ENTIRE CONTENTS OF SEVEN-ROOMED Bious.N, originally cost £lBO for 75 guineas. The dining-room is in morocco leather, the drawing-room is in rosewood, a spare room upstairs fitted as a smoke-room is in saddlebags. Furniture for kitchen, hall, stairs, landing, cellars, Re. The first bedroom is in American walnut, incl ding wardrobe, dressing-table, washstand, chairs, am, bedsteads, bedding, carpet, rug, and toilet service. The second bedroom is in ash, and the third bedroom is in mahogany, Undoubtedly the greatest bargain ever offered. • PUTS'S STOCKTAKING. CARPET BARGAINS. Largest end best selected Stock of Brussels. Tapestry, Axminster, Wilton, Velvet Pi e, etc., etc. Linoleum. Floor- cloths, etc. All English manufecture. at exceptionally low prices to clear. Pitted free of charge by competent men. DITTS'S STOCKTAKING. PIANOS, cycLiss, BAB- SINETTES, LAMPS. CHINA, EARTHENWARE, PICTURES. ENGRAVINGS, CUTLERY, and OTHER BARGAINS too numerous to mention. Exceptional value. 'fiIIITTS'S STOCKTAKING. OFFICE AND LIBRARY .1 BARGAINS.—For Half a Century the word" Pitts's ' and Good Office Furniture have been synonymous. Pitta's have either the same article at a less price than any other firm, or a better article at the same price. Desks, Tables, Chairs, Stools Bookcases, Secretaires, Copy Presses. • Safes, stand at prices that entirely obliterate competition. SAMUEL PITTS. • Established 1815. LONDON-ROAD (Close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just through south Junction Railway Arch. Ardwick, Longeight, and, Belle Vue Cars pass the Door. JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and Worn-out horses, cows, tic. removed any distance up to 15 miles on. the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAhD, LONGFORD. ESTABLISHED 1870.

BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR RABSII,I=IE9 HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASS I N RTTBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR DASSINETTE CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE H ARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOI..

1

Per Cent. oF HUMAN AILMENTS RESULT FROM .5 TORPID LIVER OR WEAK KIDNEYS. WARNER'S " SAFE " CURE

Regulates the uel loves and Removes the Inflammation from the I 3E) IN- lE .IL7 S by expelling the poisonous Kidney (Uric) ACID. WARNER'S 'SAFE CURE Rests on its Reputation. • BEGIN TREATMENT TO-DAY. DISEASE DOES NOT STAND STILL. For Sale by all Chemists and Dealers. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle. ONGREVES , BALSAMIC ELIXIR will not cure every complaint. :Mut it has been proved by use for Seventy Years to be the most efficacious medicine for DISEASES OF THE LUNGS. TRY IT FOR COUGHS AND COLDS. In Cases of INFLUENZA which are associated with Pulmonary Symptoms rnucli benefit has been experienced. 3n Chronic Bronchitis a fisthma it affords decided relief in most cases. But the renown of this Medicine has chiefly been gained by its success in '-qONSUMPTION; or TUBERCULAR AFFECTIONS of the LUNGS. Interviews with Patients by Mr. Congreves Corn. saissioner, are published fortnightly in many Religious Weekly Newspapers. MR. CONGREVE'S BOOK on CONSUMPTION and Chest Diseases may be had post tree for Is., smaller edition, (id., from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London, S.E. • CONGREVEII BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be bad or all Medicine Vendors in bottles at 1/11, 219, 4/13, and family bottles at 211- and 99/ - HAVE YOU A BAD LEG wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhap surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have Mended various hospitals and had medical advice, ant been told your case Is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CUBE YOU. I don't say perhaps ; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for ZS. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDoN-9TREET LONDON, and you will receive a box'of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILT-s Which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs House- ;maids Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols )3.ei Hands, Bunions. [Registered Copyright.)

A REAL BOON TO LADIES. T... 0 3 Bspeciany to those who wish to know of a LADIES. TO sate, certain, and speedy remedy ter all LADIES. To irregularities and obstructions. a remedy LADIES. To which under the most trying dream- LADIES. ~, stances and in the most difficult and .40 LADIES. TO OBSTINATE CASES LADIES. . TO NEVER FAILS TO AFFORD LADIES. TO RELIEF, LADIES. ' I TO LADIES. GEN'ESIALLY IN A FEW.IMITRS. TO LADIES. r TO No case hopeless, failure is simply im- L _DIES. 70 possible, as ,Mrs. Snow, of Denmark Rill. LAE '11:S. TO Camberwell, writes: LA DIES. TO "By adopting your treatment my „r, anxiety and misery was over within A LADIES. O twenty•four hours, although tor over three LADIES. TO months I had been daily taking pills and LADIES. To other things in vain. Half the quantity LADIES. TO you sent provedi effective, to my intense LADIES. 70 joy and surprise. LADIES. TO A sworn guarantee is eno-osed with all LADIES. To testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES. TO expensive, as one bottle at 4s. 6d. (by post, ~..'"`-' 45..9d.) is usually sufficient for any case. LADIES. TO Full particulars will be gladly forwarded LADIES. , TO to any lady on receipt of addressed LADIES. . To envelope. LADIES . 70 LADIES. • Write privately to— , TO LADIES. TO LADIES. TO MRS. E. \\T•ALLEN, LADIES. , TO LADIES. .. TO LADIES. TO 145, STOCKWELL ROAD, LADIES. ,- TO LONDON, S.W. LADIES 70 LADIES

• PIANOS. PIANOS. PIANOS. 1 50 PER CENT SAVED. • PURCHASE DIRECT FROM THE ABSOLUTE • MANUFACTURERS. EVERY PIANO GUARANTEED FOR 23 YEARS FROM 108. CASH Usually Sold at £3l. Lie) Much Greater Reductions on Higher Classes. SAVE YOUR MONIaY BY TRADING DIRECT. PIANOS at WHOLESALE PRICES Direct from the Factory by the leading and Well known Firm of E. BISHOP AND SONS, LIMITED. BELMONT STREET, CHALK FARM, LONDON. N.W. WEST-END SHOW-ROOMS- -19, BAKER STREET, LONDON, W. BRANCH SHOW-ROOMS- -287, GRAY'S INN ROAD. KING'S CROSS, LON DO 11`i=;1:11 - Medals and Highest Awarris at all the Leading International Exhibitions. 76 GUINEA PIANO direct fr ma our ifactary to your home for £36 CASH. Designs of higher classes at equally low prices on application. EASY TERMS of PAYMENT MAY BE ARRANGED. Securely Packed and Delivered to any part of the United Buy Direct and Save the heavy Prohts of the Midd man. Such facilities have never before been offered the blic. Write for Price List and Full Diawintts. E. BISHOP AND SONS, LI MITED HEAD OFFICE AND WORKS— BEIYZONT STREIiT, CHALK FARM, LUNDON, N.W. ESTABLIS TIED 1862. Teleg—iphic Address—•' ARCHBISHOP LONDON.,'

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Orgabs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards.o: 3.1 years. In boxes 43. 6d each, of all Chemidts and Patent Medicine Vendors thrJ ugh but the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the tnakero , Toe to' An and Midland Couutles Drug Company. Lille 11.— Vt

--- The Royal Liunires see 'ay Oritch.ey " STARCH GLOBS 11 unequalled for impart!ng a beautifui finish to starched &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall, says:—Aly wife will not finish oar linen without your Stazch Gloss.'" From Bradford :—Dear 'IL— I am, pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch, Glazes ind Polishes, but llnd none equal to yours." It Should be used in every house. Bold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stook will procure it. T C4ITCHLEY Blackburn. Proprietor.-4 dvt.

POSTAL IN FORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can ba post ad with Ordinary Postage, and with an; Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore I 5-30 a.m.—Lymin, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Giappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, stretton, Warburton. and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London' Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, and the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a m.—Presten, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Norm humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Ea,tern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno. Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Or:flakier, Bith. Bristo Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, ilancheate Sffiast Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W:gan Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwhich Nantwich and Sanctbach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge. Helsby, Whines, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, lleatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens • 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.m.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li verpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle ot Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halt penny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign x,etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m .12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m;delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE High-Bt., Newton I PoSTASASTER Mr.Jaases Jordan Hours of (Week-days. 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m , The TelenTaph Office is open on Week-day front 7-30 a.m. to 8 1 st ,and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. Ordinary • Extra Postage. d.Stamp

I{AILWAA- TIME TABLE. DECEMBEIt FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge--I 10,7 40 8 28, 1020,11 35, 1 25, 2 55. 5 35, 120 Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altaar and Hillnouse-7 12 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Sundays 9 36 2 5,8 55. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58. 53 23, 7 10,10 20, 120, 1 25 25, 5 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 53. 10 16, aMondays excepted. S Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 1, 9 58, 11 55, 1255, 3 13, 5 0 6 55.11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -529,545, 835. 955, 11 50. 1 55, 4 50, 6 23, 850 Sundays 843, 60. .Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 56,11 50,12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, 6 I 28,8 50,9 40. Sundays 843. 60. Bolton-5 48,8 25,9 19,10 20,10 40,12 14.a4 26a3 43, a 7 17, a 9 20, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15.7 57, p.m.a iaturday excepted. Carlisle-2 37 am, 529,5 45.11 50. 1225, 165, 6 48. Sun- days 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 31.8 17,9 5,10 23,11 27,12 25,1 40,2 15, 2 20, 316 4 22,5 11,6 4, 7 44, 10 14, 1132. sundaysB 44,7 45,11 32. Collins Green-IS. 810, 925, 10 10, 12 7, 1 58,3 40, 520, 6 33,7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, 83 23, 7 10, 9 50, 10 23, 12 0, 1 25, 25, 520, 622,7 23,11 34, Sundays 258,10 154 5,11 35.aMondays excepted. billondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 5, 12 25, 2 20. 3 15, 511,64, 744, 10 14 Sundays 844, a,m. 7 45 Pim• Darby (Midland)-6 1, 846, 958, 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 411 50,6 35 ,11 52. Sundays 515 p.m. Earlestonn-7 5,8 10,8 35.9 25, 10 13,110, 12 7, 12 25, 1 55, 3 40,5 20,6 33, 7 8,7,40,9 25,10 30,Suudays,8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10, 6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 33, 8 25. 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 3 55 520, 6 17, 80,943. Sundays 8 43, 2 40, 80. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5 10 23. 1225, 220, 3 15, 4 22,5 11, 64 7 4,10 14. Sundays 44 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57. 8 31. 95.12 0 18, 2 15. 40. 70,80, 59 40, dlO 25, 11 39 Sundays 90. 9b5. 11 25, 2 39.,7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. Haturdays excepted. alasgow---2 37, 529. 956, 1180, 1225. 1 55, 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. Golborne-5 45. 7 5,8 35, 810, 12 25, 1 55,3 50, 5 20, 7 17 g 65. Sundays 843.60. Hough Green-7 12, 787. 831, 95. a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 215, 40. 00, 70, 80. b 9 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 11 25, 2 39, 918. aSaturdays only sSaturdays excepted. ,rlarn and Cadishead (Central)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 9 15. 3,,ndays 856, 1014. 3 18.8 15. 7 18, 935. uatenford-From Arpley Station-6 ZO, 7 22, 8 0,8 35,9 0, 9 so 10 49, 12 36, 114. a 222, 3 38.4 11.5 18, 613. 7 8, a 7 45, 927 Sundays 850, 3 8, 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-3 sa, 5 10, 5 32. 75, 8 10, 835 9 26, 11 0, 127. 1228, 1 15, 5 20, 78, 740, 1030. Suniaya 38. 510, 530, 838, 843, 510. 60. 954. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platlorrn)-7 38, 8 15, 10 9 11 03, 155, 320,510,617,80, 948. Sundays 848, 2 40, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57, 8 31, 95, 10 24, 120,13,18,215,40.610.80. 59 43 10 25 10 46. 11 39 sundays 9 3,9 55.1125, 239, 7 10, 9 18. 10 18,10 33, bexcept, Saturdays. LOll4Oll L. &N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, 7 10. 950, 12 0, 2 5, 520, 622, 11 34. sundays 2 58, 10 1.5, 46, 11 35,5310ndays excepted. aMondays only. London (Midland)-6 1, 846, 958, 12 55, 5 0,6 55, 11 52 , Sundays 9 37 a.m., 5 15 p.m. -Lymm-6 20.? 22,8 0,8 35, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36.1 14, a 2 22 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613. 78. a 7 45. 927. riundays 8.50, 48 812. rffiatur days only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 720. 7 55, 8 33, 8 57,9 55, 10 46, 1 11, 3 35, 49, 610, 7 5. 925.11 40. Sundays 8 46, 35,8 10, 11 40. Fccm High Level Plattorm. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Vatform)- 6 20 7 22, 80, 8 35, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 1 14, 3 38, 4 11,6 13, 7 8, 9 27, Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 812. From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 U, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92, 955 10 55, 11 23,11 55, 12 55, 155, 2 55. 3 55. 4 05, 6 55, 6 55 7 IC. 7 55, 8 13, 8 55, 9 15. 9 55, Sundays 4 56, 9 37,10 14 30. 3 15,5 15, 7 18, 9 35, 10 0. sliddlewich-7 40, 1020. 2 555, 5 355.7 20.5 Saturdays only. Airiire-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25, 2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 e wton-le-Willows-2 50a, 3 100, a 4 45, 5 45,75, 7 50, 810 8 35,9 19,925,10 20,10 40,10 55,11 0,12 14,12 25,1 15.1 55,3 30 3 48, 4 2 ,5 20, 6 537 17,9 20, 950, 1030. Sundays 3 10. 740, 8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 5 0,6 0, 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, dlon days excepted, Padgate-7 0, 755,8 2,8 40,10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20,1 44, 2 40 3 55.528,7 10, 8 12,9 15. Sundays 556, 10 14, 3 47, 5159 35 Preston-2 37. 829. 545, 835. 955. 1150, 12 25, 350 , 450. 6 28, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40,a9 55, Sundays, 2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0 954. aSaturdays only 18u0c0r0-7 38.8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 155, 320. 520, 6 17, 80. Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 7 56, 95, 105, 11 5, 12 o,lil 8, 2 15, 288, 4 0,5 29, 60, 7 0. 80, 9 23, a 9 40, 510 25. 10 46, Sundays 90, 1125. 239, 8 55. 9 18. aSaturdays except ed. 55aturdays o ily. 531ondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 46, 10 55, 11 5, 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 5 15, St.Helens-5 32 7 5, 8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 11 0, 12 7, 12 25, 340,5 20,6 23,1 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sundays 835,8 43,6 0, 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 16, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 319, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 55, aSatur days only. 'l2helwall--6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 22, 338, 4 11, 818, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnca (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 98 Hi 5, 11 5, 120, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,70, 80, 925, ab 40, 510 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39.9 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays I Lily. Widnes ( L. and N.-W4)-7 38, 825, 9 45, 109, 1/ 53, 1 55, 320, 520,687,80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40,8 0. Wigan-2 37, 5 29.5 45,7 5,835,9 56,11 0.11 50, 1225,1 55 3 3, 3 56, 4 50. 5 20. 6 28, 7 17,8 50. 9 43,9 55. Sunday, 2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0. 954. TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45. 11 2, 123. 3 25, 4 45, 120, 830 Sundays 756, 442. Altcar and Hillhouse-I 8, 7 13, 829,9 57. Sundays 9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-11 42,3 10, 550,9 10, 12 25, 2 0 7n. Sundays 11 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42,3 10. Birmingham (iBidland)-6 5, 7 42, 850, 11 43, 1 25, 2 45, 848 650. 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. blix- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 35, 347, 5 27,7 50, Sundays, 80, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, 8 3,8 45, 9 55, 10 35, 11 40, 1 40. 3 15, 4 5,5 23, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 12, 7 35, Blackpool (Central) -66, 7 25,7 55, 8 25, 855. in 10,10 20 1125,1 5.2 5,2 55,4 t 0,4 58, 5 5, 6 50, 815. 108 Sundays 7 10, 115. 4 57,8 40. Bolton-5 45, 755, 8 35, 940. 10 30. 12 30. 2 15,4 15, 5 10. 5 55,7 25, 835,80 50ffiundays 8 20 a.m., 65, 9 25 p.m.aSatur- days only. Carlisle 12 5, 6 40. 8 40, 1 40, 1 50, 422, 6 55, 7 30, Sundays 125 a.m., 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a.7 45,8 45, 9 40, 1012,10 50,11 40, 1 50, 2 10, 3 0,3 5. a 4 35.5 8,5 15,635.7 35, 810. Sundays 2 32, 435, 6 30, 6 55, aMondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 1024. 11 24. 14, 143, 22, 3 10.4 6,5 38,6 23,7 47, 96. 1046. Sundays 8 10. a.m L rewe-2 1, 4 55, 6 0,6 30,8 13,9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25, 235, 415, 545 640, 85. 90. Sundays 21, 455, 710., 245 4 10,9 20, 2 i, 4 55. Daresbury -8 16, 8017, 11 27. 2 47, 5 53, 8 43. Sundays 721, a.m. 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 8 5, al2 35, 335. Sundays 7 30. 6 18, 658, S 35. aExcept Mondays. Barlestown-6 51, 846, 932, 16, 311. 552. 5 38, 630, 733,83. 9 15, 1152, Sundays 833, 952. 100, 718. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 1224, 2 9, 3 27, 50,6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 8 52, 257,52. Frodsham-7 55, 9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 231, 4 11, 5 36, 6 57, 8 31 Sundays 6 57.a.m. 7,20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32. 80, 90. 9 50, 1040, 10 50 12 0. 12 56. 211. 38, 4 56. 59. 556, 657, 724 939 Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 1080, 21, 5 55. 6suidayss 50, 9 s,aMondays excepted. • Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 12, 12 28.2 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15, 99, 104?. Sundays 9 40, 75. Hough Green-7 45, 8 15, 99,10 3, 1055, 19, 1 50, 222 319, b 10, 5 23, 6 7,7 11,7 36, 9 18. SundaysB 37, 9 20, 326 4 55,9 4 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central) - 9 53, 55, ,3 50, 11 20 undays 1089. 653. 8 40. 10 0. Latchford-824. 840. 934, 102. 11 17, 120. al 45, 2 13 .3 0, 4 22, 1)5 41, 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 823 .2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. Haturdays excepted. Liverpool(eia Barlestown)-1 0 a 2 55,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25.11 5 15. 130 3 20, 4 25. 450.5 35.7 5,8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sunday I' 10 7 30,9 20, 830,8 40 vdondays only. Via Widnes- 6 25, 8 20, 9 5, 950, 12 30. 1 25, 2 40, 3 35, 4 20 520, 65. 8 30, 10 45. Sundays? 35, 2 10, 7 15, 10 45. London (Midland 4-5 15, 10 5,12 0, 20, 40, SJ, a 9 15 120, Surways 120, 316. aexcept Mondays. Lymm-8 7, 3 32, 9 25, 9 54. 11 9, iii. a 137, 25, 250. 4 14, 55 33, 5 t 9, 6 41, 7 41, 33, 11 19. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. sSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-6 33,7 28. 7 55,,9 28, 10 33, 12 38, 5. 3 43,a5 8, 5 83, 68, 7 ,O, 90. Suud .ys, 7 34, 1 44, 634 Saturdays excepted. From Oxford Road. Manchester (London-road)-/ 0, 7 50, 9. 25, 1035, 123 5. 20, 3 40, 55 5. 5 20. 65, 75, 8 55, 10 45 Sundays 7 30, 530 1 40, b )aturdays excepted- aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 720, 833, a 9 5, 930, 9 35,10 30, 10 35, 11 30, 12 31, 1245. 1 33. 2 30, 330, 433,4 43 530,6 30, 6 38,7 39, 8 30,8 33. 9 55, 11 0, alo 30, 11 0. Sun- days 8 30, 9 10,9 30, 10 40,1 40,2 5,6 35,8 20, 9 40, aSatur- nays,only. Middlewich -6 48, 2 42, 6 6. Moore-6 56,9 6, 11 14,12 11,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays.8 19,4 53 New ton 655, 725, 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 2, 11 30 12 48, 10, 1 28, 5 49, 6 2?.,? 30. 6 5,9 15, 9 55. Saturd.,ys 1 40,3 2, 37,4 7, 4 58, 510, 535. Sundays 8 33, 9 49, 10 0, 3 40. 7 20 11 5. Padgate 7 48, 8 26, 90.10 6 1 9, 210, 3 155, 5 183 7 3,9 25. Sundays 853. 1820, 2 32,9 12, 10 13. Preston 29, 4 5,5 50,a6 25, 8 15, 95 9 26, 10 10,11 28, 1215, 30, 3 55, 4 25, 6 43, 6 45, 7 27, 8 30, 9 45. 11 0. Sundays 29, 45, 835, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. aMondays excepted. Runc,rn 8 30, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30, 1 25, 32, 440 5 41, 6 30, 8 10. Sankey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20, 11 24, 12 30, 1 36, 136 243, 344, 435, 621, 5 40, 6 22, 7 25,9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 150 40, 5 7, 920. Sheffield-6 25, 11 5, 1 5 5,55, 70, Sundays, 8 10, 65. t H &ens-6 30, 8 42, 11 23. 1 25, 2 45, 4 30, 550, 823, Sunday 743,25, 725. Southport-8 5, 10 20, 11 15,12 53, 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70,8 10 95, 9 40. Sundays, 9C,20, 8 0. Thelwall- 8 10. 836, 930. 958. 11)3, 1. 15, 1 41, 2 9, 255, 4 18, 537, 63, 645, 7 45. 937, 11 23. Sundays, 8 19, 2 29, 720. widues(Cheshire Lines)-8 20. 915. 10 10, 11 12, 12 25, 12 2, 1 30, 3 25, 4 25, 5 29, 6 12, 7 16, 7 55, 9 2 11 42, a Sun- days- 842. 3 33, 5 0, 9 10, 920, a Saturdays only W bibles (L. & N. W.)-7 5, 856, 933. 10 33, 12 16, 12 59, 22,320.358,50, 585, 640, 96, Al 6, Sundays, 814, 250 7 54, 116.

MAILS. 5-0 a.m. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. 9-10 „ All places south of Crewe. 9-55 „ Ireland and all parts West of Chester. 10-30 Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mall 11-10 .'Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. 2-15 p.m. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens. Southport, and S ~.11 Wales 3-0 Ashton-In-Makerneld, Earlestown, Oolborne, Lowton & Winwick 4-30 ~ Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport And all Yorkshire. ... 5-30 Wigan. 8-0 ~ All Parts—General tight Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. „ All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING ROUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL 807 ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:—

IMPURITIES IA THE BLOM:11.--We have seen hosts of lel,t,r from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clatke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated or it cleanses and clears the blood f Aum all impuriess. This is a good Etimonial from the Family Doctor, which hu,s on further to say : "It is the finest Blood Purifier that Ecience and skill have brought to light, and we can with the ulmost confidence recommend it t our subscribers and the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Ssin and Blood Diseases. Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testimonla's Cmrge's Blood MiAture is sold everywhere, at Is. 9d. per bclCe. Beware of worthless Imitations and substitutes Acict (4)

, . iiis 0 10 I 11' ' •'A . i ,i! 11 ,',., ,a...- ""*• . ' . 11;f''',-• 1 ''''3.74. it:* ..,,,. ,',l i tv.'1*,..,0,,24,4t0 i, . crfirl,i' 1 il ,"*. tI, i fi 1 ;ll,' -,l'te, 1, t , „4 I,l'llr'-o‘„,i.,„;;;' ~:1;;N'll" it: 1 ......,___.,. i :., :, 7., . ../ ,;J:,;•;140:,„...0p 60%. , TINS. 110-t -P 4 ~.. ;„... 1 .... ~,,,,...i.,,..;,„,„.i.. , You may TRADE EXHIBITION le your name, address, and date h ill give you in exchange a beauti- fully Grocer, who w of the 1/4 QUARTER POUND TIN DIRECTIONS Tylonun S cannot: —vvr calli there N OUT OUT THEES 'rapt OtilhUH644l3N:eso.n , Mixture at 11A1,r- and hand same, OPEN 1 FJRTAa wEtNoU. ()Aura e, t 11n8 909 f , t h toe fully enamelled same 7. BC °. : e 08411; :a S. tin to any one person or address.

'ST. HELENS EXAMINER" COUPON, Name Address Date

This Coupon to be forwarded by your Grocer to NIESSR PAYTON & CO., LTD., TOWER 11ILL WAREHOUSE, LONDON 8.0., who will credit him with the Full Itetail Value of the Coffee. LIST OF AGENTS : G HBwITT, Hanover-square, St. Helens. PHYTHIAN & CO, 87. Denton Green-lane, St. Helens. JOSEPH UNSWORTH, Heath-street, Golborne. D.swE.s& SOIL High-street, and 77, Heath-street, Golborn . HENNIN, Market-street, Rainhill F. BIOLYNEUX, Market-street, Earlestown . Roskhze, NUTTALL & CO.. 107, Standish-gate, Wigan.

-THE GREAT REMEDY. AlRts -GOUT p FR GOUT. MEC NiATISM, SCIATICA. LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and effectual. All Chemists and Stores at Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box.

ARTZMA. AND Consnmprx ON.—No other di seaseshave swept away so many th9usandb. for ph, siciaas had not found means of cure until DR. LOC)CH'S PIILMONIC WAFERS were discovered ; now none nerd despair. and the benefit is so rapidly shown that from day to day the progress of the re- covery' may be perceived. In hysterical and heart complaints they are unfailing. in rheumatic and nervous pains they act like a charm. Nothing else gives such a sound, refresh- ing night's rest. To singers and public speakers they are Invaluable for clearing and strengthening the voice. They taste pleasantly. Price 1.. lid.. 2s. 9d. 4s. 6d. and lie, per 3cnc. Sold by all medicine vendOrs.—Advt, (3)

rattoeMSOCZasiteteefin...l. The finest Coffee Essence that 'money can buy is Symirigton's Edin- burgh Coffee Essence. l'ilakes a cup in a moment. From Grocers through- out the world.

A GREAT VICTORY. ASTHMA CONQUERED AT LAST. KU RASM A THE GREAT MEDICINAL CURE. A Boon, a Blessing, and Coed News to all sufferers from Asthma, Bronchitis, Severe Colds, Wheeziness, Breath- lessness, and all Bronchial and Pulmonary Affections. KURASMA is not a vapour for inhalation, but a medicinal liquid for internal use, and is the only genuine Remedy anti Cure for Asthma, Bronchitis, Severe Colds, Wheezing, Breathiessnessatc. Sufferers should not lose a day sit a bottle. Chronic and most stubborn cases cured. Innumerable unsolicited testimonials from all clas,es. Pslcc 2/9 per bottle from all leading Chemists, or (post free) from Proprietols, % medicines, Limited, Oswald Street, Glasgow,

14,E, II3IS-22 /FSJ TOOTHACHE AND ootano,E NEURALCIA CURB , In bottles, is. lid., of all Chemists or Poit Free from Manufacturer, Mr. A. B ROBINSON, L.D.S.. R.O.S. London, Sn,rgeon-Demist, 29 Seymour-street, Liverpool.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANIZED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES & BEDSTEADS. GUARANTY') Carriage Paid, and FOR FIVE YEARS Liberal Cask Discount allowed. EXHIBITED Carrying ONE TON, AT Liverpool, Manchester, AND OTHER Exhibitions Gi?at rednftiori in picas Apply to The Lorgford Wire Co., Limited, Warring:cm. SHOW ROOMS AT THE WORKS

t t li _AI,,, k-,: • .-'--- VI OMI . c, ArAtfAVAIM "6... * 10.11 It

f1044•04004.Q.04424.043,0.4 t.340“0.13 • 0 Symington's Edinburgh Coffee :Essences are made from a se- r 3 lection of the finest coffees grown. ‘l,, g Sold in small and large bottles ?, by all Grocers. Soct.o.4.o.attesa43.o.e.ocgin4

These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to , m L' c... Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, Nil 7. A 144 , and Curtin forty-eight hours . the same diseases without im ' ', • ..„4 inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name ' M idy.' Sold . by all Chemists, or post free 3,6, ; ' from WILCOX a CO., 83,Mortimer St.,Lonclon.W. -

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS ce Bilious and Ilervous Disorders, SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH; iEc. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine vendor&

, ieei d trilig„,l" 1 1 , 1 oifrs i , -La e CURES when all other Remedies fail, IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVItIC ALL PAIN AND,THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and bunions It Softens and ReNves all hard callosities on tilt soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 111 i."), of all Chemists. M. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM.

Send to . . . RAY 84 FifilLgp, Liverpool For Illustrated Price fist of tAr, E C.TAIIS V=.0413 Ersolancil.

'.to-.;e :44141•14,.1ti93.... :. , -.. . . -,J.„714110./...gloo:per .anatlnst, . : .. - • • • -':;,,i.::: :7,, :-- :. • !,11-10M.Ai'LDNO.DIN. Borough Engineer. AllsiliniLlisil,2‘tearrlnglxw.. • ... . 1.4:.1.2,•e".:t:;• .•.' • •:,.I)sicern iser 24d. 1893. • ..: . " • •• "i.l-17i7e. ',.,, ;OF ' WAREINOTOIIIe WA f 11:d s;, it' gil'illf4 of the Connell of.'thir•• EihrOngh of W,t•-• . A., ~ `,•I!EIIP.ARISLI TO ItsolBlAftt " TRITIJIittI torah.* ' 0 :of a_,'BOILEIR MOUSE '.and GOAL 'Bl4..qta ft: ttifrritt 1441P4:e. ' , 1 kiEfPea4:lll,2)oinalt:lBl.l34lllTo'f' siO•aptitieli Iln;. a.j''''..bes.ta. e'en .N.t..,..... this .O.:HAA 'after MONDAY, ,ru5.2.:11,1 day of januay. • Too ,•tolsr4sent. in to Dili 0fi1....6"; not Jitter than 10 iii.na on • Me ,thOsilth .prox., addreseed :to the. Ohtlfralan Of Use -.. * . 60001ittser and erideree,l • ' Tender for 'l3,olleir4Tixa,43:."'.•:;. . it, .-altiVinpreaitt,pe'UbaiFgci .bincl. Itself to ae.cep.!'4o,,;!..i?Tlyakt?c,.: " . : ~. • . .., By, clidoer: : .- .... • • . ..- ' • •,;:-:. .- e -.. • 'JAMES DEAL. Engineer. • , Water Pingineeire Pfilkiiiolank.frouse. bahkeY-Street. '-Warrington Deeembe'r,'2.3rd',lB.9B. . , '."' -, ..-,..'; ,•' • • 13f..ROVG}E1 • OFal N0V.)N..,_24.1i•y wATdi it ON 'C XITTE li; of ths, Council' of: the Borough IN Yin§ TLINDERS for the la itouv.imeeLr of LAOLC (about au „tithit.periyebk). of good' ‘l,Jalttr.:l4 b, DELIVSERD at tuts iIKINWICY- PIIMPINO 6 rietykrott: sod also the whole sups 41y,bf. Mouse Coal to bq.:4loUtreisaAkt% Wihwielt Pumping 111*th:in' Appleton Reserveleig4BllJek.fiouSleOn such quail- . may bs required fteris' day to day .during the next . :months. , . . . • iers addressed to the C4alrlinan ,of the Water Commit- . endorsed "T.- nder for Siaok,'" Must he delivezed 'here by 'O'clock on MONDAY. the 9th January; 1.899. ,i All Tenders to be clear o! strie citruses, and to name the Dlffrom which the Slack and Coal will be taken. ' 'The lowest or any Tender will not necessarily be aeeep' ed. JAMES DBAS. Engineer. Water Engineer's Office, Bank House. Sankey-street. . _ __December 23rd, 1898. EdROUG ii OF • WARRINIITO.N. —TO Q.:JAKRY ..„,./...._, OWNERS AND STONOIORORA.NTS. '•• • flml•Nsiing and Sewerage 00U3114404*theCouneil of the • '•:TbT,,,,0,,,.,..,‘'?°.8hr0f Warrington is prepared:lie:A*4r isTBNDICiti tor 'as:tege., ,_.thiss of SilL'isest Lookey roiss.Otereal if St.C.5 ; 250 Lois i!Vit,•:•ll_,..lsertenstall Cubes ; and. 250tierui..4.1d. OBS Sistts. . • :4•P•l6,rquettfons, Ae., mar be seen; oil& forms of tester and • . : Avliteer.ltifo.trnallQu omai4e iat the °Mee of the B.,roulla - Bisis*eyor Tow4.,}sBil,sSn and after Thursday; the 29tn- inst.. ' 0,4r.1150,1 15140.:$141:11rs ' hplak' be •delivered op. or bloc* u ''.904,.. Ivo, C. eisleOn. iMunday the lit.b. cli,F:or Jau ua ry. 183), ,I;=•.:wk,fl.:',l.#43itirtr%6l2),.toget,ol:o:oileessarily accepted. . .:;:d;*•- 4... f ::•,' • •••• • ..... ''• • , .". .• ' ; "_71.1i.i5.• LONGO! N. "-• • ' Borough surveyor. • .'biilatigh 4urieyor's Moe, • , • ' .•,'"ecblisfshr 23rd, 188.

Vki ANTKD,early in Jarnuary, COOK, Hou e•uald-Waitzeis, 7 T and Housemaid.—blire. CEA r LES W •LIL Ea. LOVIGY Park house, Lindley-;;Audderifield. , .... ISTANTED, . ,lal ‘l,:llig9kKeP.g)-£.itfl2O:v 711.- Htcacu:e-. ILaoryloLuErmabi::l .4ibertloba°....se...es4th gark;lifinthport. , ' •.. • • . N.r. - -..- 7- i— --•÷1.4,, . - • E, .• • Itrtt,wli4is are weilt•an,l tired,. : ' ..0i taking Na.ise met iari ,IStlYe!i TEHIOUS I'REPAIiAtIONS to uo GOOD PI.JR?OSE onsit• to. • ... : wr..kite.• Le ttie ku)Siciati,, lA's, ' C-mpLience, .apd: Val n,, raga. . . lara will bi eetICOBEE.I.IB to ' . tiv• ell 'ea:a ti,.:'6U 'NMI-VOUS DEBILITY ,LOSiOir...VIGO(yB; , WASTING ..a :dALLItO %TALC,. ... • NESSEfti, la••&TiCt.4..liFliLLY. : . and PEO.II.IAN:EIf.q.,Y% CURED: • , ;: —Send ' atanipd a.ldre-sed . • .... . envelop° to ',COLLINS : CO:, .'• 9. Erskinf-itr.4et, ,Live,pc.ol. . , Please mention paver. • • , tt• ci. ...41.4 .AI IttBT-CLASI 11' RIVATS ... i‘ ;„ • : 1..) SNTISTR Y. „ . 0. . . . . . STH.. • Apph!fltratinta unnecessary, but 40,1 ha,' arranged. TitiElli. . . „ ..•• ',all contultatious trap. TitSTLi.,":,. •Ifissfib pationOnformed beiorvlaand the cost Of •. .....- ' ' VIOCIL 1..4.113(1A .!:11,5tani, . • goldartri other filllngs at moderato ; ;,. . • '• " ..:i .. charges. An llit.o :•••• •• . !itegtil . • .. ' '. ' '''''. •• $ k,, ' • • ;, , . ~ i tleo 1;a...43,' *tiWindants, . , . • • .r., 1 11,E1g1).0.: .. Pah/less Hiriratition,as l'itilkeitl by.tise:aia '' 7''• ...''' • • ' • ot: t(Arots 07.34 e. •i„..,; ; ~......er .....iiehbie,-. ~.,,c, .4.4 .. • . " ..,.: :„..„.„,......, ~.......„......,„:;„...,,,,... .. , . „..e:"...y.: . - ~,. .. ._ • , ...,,,,,..„..,„, ~.,,,,...„.., ~. , . ....- ... . '3';•,,it?.*••;, 4 '4",%,:".1'1.-,"ltlri et . ' ' ,-...i.,.r,-,.::.•••."1. ~. oe ....tilllate —.' a , ... ••••••=. ~.- , ' • •• :a• H. , A-HKINSON (I)XICTIST BY 'EXAM.) . "A.4.1,1(41,E5T CH '• • 16, . MOS LEY-STREET« '' s'..:. :- • -•-. • : ' (Teleipho'ne 1660).., • . . • .• '. .• • • . ' , , . LIVRIPOOL ;4.: ' 5, BOLb-STRICICT • . •, , ' (Telephone 2156) ~,". • ' ' '' • , Ict .iCINS . ' • ~ .• ' •• , • 0 EOItGE-STREET. ' ~...., •' f ...140,N1)Ar.•:'5.8,44.',„t0 7 p.m. , .., . ~._. ~:::: ' • • ,is , ~i,5A,7,14iF(.2a.:0; to J1g.1.4•Tri4.14)*01;::;";.1-;:''.4Z:::.4';0...4.':'.:....... '.7..OIIIDGE•SITZET.. •, r4;;'):'.... • ..... '•••••`:,..*:'...,".:(rt),..***r;2.1).132.. • . - ". ' .....,440.1104.01i. •••:::"...:...:4,...ii,..;.',.....3.i.HAN1LET,-S.TREET .".',,,• -.0.- .-.1:.L.':•''...;::;.'7'47761.?5E5-1)4.Y. 2t05, ' . , .: . ...'•t,...,.,,.,7•0•"-.A,'!.,i,‘;'...',.::-:, .• ...• , . 31, ,13.111DGE 7 Tit LIET. -.0. • U,K6Dikt 2 to 5. • ..N.-04:401tiiitt.;:,...'• . • 18. AP VLE NIARKErSTREEr. • •.' •i w; ..1 11)4Y, Ito 1 , and Ito 5. .1:: ''.:•.:':',.:.'.... ,•,;''.;•,k....,' ' .
