===== 0002601_18980805_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I

b7;f1:16

I

01 ' ,

===== 0002601_18980805_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
kith* Ok,,_ers,

===== 0002601_18980805_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ENVELOPES 28. PE R 1,000. "EXAMINER ' OFFICE.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME, A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS

_ Is now being offered by

T. CLARKE,

- - " EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent or es, In:this Pound.

WOMEN'S AILMENTS. lIREGULARITIES. &o.— Lanir having tried in vain every advertised remeaY, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, whicn will act in a few hours, no matter how stubborn the case. Bona-fide sufferers can get it PREN of CHARGE by enolasing stamped envelope. Cont experimeat with Worthless Pills, Mixtures' Cones, and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPB and CONPI BENCE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR,,46, Southampton Buildings Chancery-lane, London.

---------------------------ip .DADVS PILLS. EA.DrB pILLS• Ali who suffer from Gout or lOUS. have recourse to RADll'SHundreds of Testimonials have. PILLS. Rheumatism should immediately pILLS. been received from all sorts and EADE'S EADIFS conditions of men testifying to EADIFS pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the yes v EADE'S I)ILLS. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate in their aotiert. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury. road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. RHEUMATISM "Dear Sir,--It is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It hi six years since I first had RolumATlsid Rheumatic Gout, and I bad three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. RIIEUMA T I S M The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so. and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have flat the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 Pills and I have been all again REM UMA T I SIM directly. I WOULD NOT sh WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEtI M A T I fil M You are quite at liberty to make what use you likt of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased t., answer any poor sufferer who cares to write I RHEUMA TI SM ma (enclosing stamped address). hug you every success. Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. or sent poet free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROiD. E.C. Ask for max° PILLS. and be sure you obtain EADErS GOUT AND rtHEU - EADEIs PILLS

===== 0002601_18980805_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSBY AND WALBER, LIMITED. MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

B BARGAIN DAY AT C. & B. BARGAIN DAY AT C. & W.'s. LAST WEEKS OF SALE.

AUGUST 13T11 IS THE BIG BARGAIN DAY

For Ladies Blouses and Shirts.

BIG BARGAIN DAY

For Gloves. Ribbons and Laces.

RG BARGAIN DAY

For Ladies Umbrellas and Trimmings.

FOR ONE DAY ONLY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 13ra.

A Few BARGAINS as follows : LADIES' GOLF JERSEYS. In Navy and Ruby, white stripes, worth 2s gd le each ADIES' BLOUSES and SHIRTS, -1-./ this Season's Designs, worth le lid to 2s lid le esell

LADIES' CASHMERE STOCKINGS, ail Wool, Black Cashmere, worth 101t1 hill pair r ADIES' KID GLOVES, Tan, iLd Brows, and Black (soiled), worth le 110 lOO Pair

ADIES' FABRIC GLOVES, Net, Lisle, Taffeta, and Cycling, in White, Black, Tan and Brown, worth 6id to 21c1 pair DUBS SILK RIBBONS, Striped 1, Gauze, Check, Plaid, and Self Colours, 3i to 4 Inabas wide, worth 6t to 10td ld yard NEEDLEWORK SLIPPER TOPS, very pretty designs (woolwork), worth 21 Ild ls Rd pair

All the above Bargains. FON OND DAY ONLY, MARVELLOUS OFF ERs. NEVER BEFORE EQUALLED. FoR ONE DAY ONLY AUG UST 13T fl, LOOR OUT FOR AUGUST 20rn, AND 27i11, COMPLETELY FUNERALS FURNISHED

We Close on Wednesdays at 1 o'clock. REFRESHMENTS FREE TO PURCHASERS.

CROSBYAND WALKER LIMITED. 8 80 AND 88, OLDHAM-STREET. 2 84

===== 0002601_18980805_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCIIESTEIt

FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CIIESHIRE

CHEESE.

KEATINGS' POWDER.

_ KEATING'S POWDER.

- - KEATING'S POWDER. -

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles; K lls Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetlesi THE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles (Harmless to everything but Inseets;, hold only in tins, 3d., 6d., andls. Only Le sure you do get "KeAtiag's.; FLEAS, BEETLES, I\IOIIIS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS FLEAS' BEETLES, MOTHS, Bras.

W &LIAM HODGKINSON LIMITED

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE, ENORMOUS bTOCK TO DE OFFERED. EXTRADRDINARY BARGAINS,

NOW PROCEEDING.

U PWARDS of lO,COO yards of SILKS of Various kinds,

UPWARDS of 30.000 yards of BLACK and COLOURED DES S MATERIALS.

OVER 10.000 yards of P.INCY MUSLINS, and WASHING- COTTON FABRICS.

ALARGE number of TAILOR-IdADE COATS and SKIRTS.

ANUMBER of HOLLAND and PIQUE COSTUMES. A. LARGE Stock of MANTLES, JACKETS and WAXERPIOOI+S.

A VALUABLE STOCK OF RICH FURS.

AVBRY large Stock of LADIES UNDER- CLOTHING. UNDESSRI NTS, ETC.

SMALL Hundred Pairs of High Class Corsets.

OVER 200 umßeELLes AND SUNSHADES.

AVERY LARGE STOCK OF HOSI all ERY of kinds.

AN Enormous Amount of LACES, TRIMMINGS. RIBBONS, NALL NETS. &c.. &a.

SEVERA, Thoußand Pairs of KID and SILK OLOVHS.

HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD OPPORTUNITY TO BUY THESE GOODS._

OVER 300 Pairs of CURTAINS of carious kinds.

SHEETS, COUNTERPANES, TABLE LINENS, FANCY LINENS, PILLOW CASES. FLANNNLS, CALICOES, etc.

OVER 1,509 yards of MADRAS and ART NUS- LINS of yarioua kinds.

A LARGE QuantiLy of B,IMBOO FURNITURE.

TEUVELLINQ TRUNKS, GLADSTONE HAGS. etc.

MILLINERY.

A SPLENDID srocK TO BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OE COST.

6 AND 481 BRIDGE,' SrREET,

WARRINGTON.

114

1

40-44tfi';1

I

I

41' ' .: 1, i 1 ' 11 1 : 11 , 1 , : 1 . . , 1 11 ,

I

I

, • r ,

3 ; • 1 •

It 74' •,

,4 •

$ :

ni

ctt

•

1.. • t

•

,

1

L 40t

I

===== 0002601_18980805_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- )4P-.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
AS"BIUCER FOB McDOUGA 1 I'SPATENT SELF—RAISING }IOU It

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Ev-wor man thinks he understands women per- fectly, until he falls in love with one. "BLAU% eyes indicates thot th' other felly has a revingeful, vindictive nature." You can make lots of headway sometimes by admitting you are wrong when you are not. PATIENT WAITING No Loss.—Confiding Son: "Mother, what's the best way to propose to a girl?" Mother: " When the right girl comes along, my son, you won't need any advice." "HUNGRY HIGGINS ?" said the kind lady; "of course that is not your real name?" "Nome," answered Mr. Higgins; "it's wot might be called .1 empty title." " THERE is poetry in everything," mused the , editor; "now there is yonder waste-basket." And he laughed, as he sometimes did when he was all alone. THEREUPON the fairy princess gave the fairy prince a freezing look. "Farewell I' he exclaimed. Taking the look, he went into the ice business and lived happily to the end of his life. "Ha has broken my heart," wailed the beautiful girl. "There, there ! don't take on so," said her friend in tones of pity; "it might have been your bicycle." "I DON'T care that for what the newspapers think about me," said the statesman, snapping his finzers. "No?" said the incredulous constituent. "No. It is what they say that keeps me awake at night." A SI7R3IISE.—Widow Keegan (philosophizing): "Isn't it strange, Mister Kelly, thot some of th' shmartest men in this wur-ruld Ink bike plain fools?"—Mr. Kelly (doubtfully) "Are yea thry- ing t' flatter me, Norah ?" HUSBAND: "There's one thing I can say for myself, anyway; I have risen by my own efforts." Wife: "Never in the morning, john. I notice that it takes two alarm clocks and all the members of the household to get you up then." BUSY.—Papa: "Billy, you've been a very good little boy this morning. You haven't disturbed me once. Billy : " Yes; and I've been doing something real useful, too. I've cut all the ends off of the cigars in that box over there, and now you can just go ahead and smoke them without any trouble." A THEORY.—She: "What a singular apparatus I I wonder who it was that thought of using steam to make ice?" "I don't know. The thought may have occurred to some scientist who lived in a steam-heated flat." NoT AFRAID.—Dick Hicks (watching the orolies- • tra) : "Those musicians don't care anything about the director." Mrs. Hicks: " How do you know?" Dick Hicks: "The more he shakes the stick at 'ern the harder they fiddle." "So you want to be my son-in-law, do you?" asked the old man, with as much fierceness as he could assume. "Well," said the young man, standing first on one foot and then on the other, ' "I suppose I'll have to be if I marry Mamie." "I DUNNO ez the Prodigal Son was so very bad, after all," said Mrs. Corntossel. "When he got home he didn't hey no more ter say. El he'd been like most o' the men-folks nowadays, the lust thing he'd of done would of been to find fault with the way the fatted calf was (looked." TEM Lusa or IT.—German Woman (calling her little child) : "Konam' heirher, mom kind." - Irishman (passing by): "Faith, how kin yez ixpict a little kid bike thot t' understhand yes? Phy don't yea sphake t' him in English?" HAD Forworrrs TICE WORD.—An Irishman had been annoying a Jew for some time, when they agreed to fight it out, on condition that the first who cried " Enough " was beaten. They went into the backyard, and were fighting about an hour when the Jew cried "Ennugh." `Bedad," says Pat, "I've been trying to think of that word this last half-hour." Puzzuxo.—Bridget (standing before a picture in Mrs. T.'s sitting-room): " Foine picture thot, Mrs. T. I" "I think a great deal of it," replied Mrs. T. "It was taken of mother and me when I was two years old." "Shure an' I niver would 'a' thought the bike. An' which is you an' which is your mither ? FOOT AND FEET.—Mrs. Dowell engaged a new butler to take the place of an old and valued ser- vant who was laid aside by illness. She was not a little shocked the day after he entered on his duties, when James pushed open the room door and announced the morning visitors as "Mrs. Foot and the two Miss Feet." A CRUEL BLOW.—Miss Irlypp (tearfully) : "I think Mr. Huggins is real mean.' Miss Fosdick: "What has he done ? " Miss Flypp "He asked me what I thought would be a nice gift for a young lady, and I told him a diamond brooch. Of course I supposed I was the young lady he alluded to but what does he do bat go and buy it for that perfectly odious Julia Tracy." WHERE THEY ARE ALIKE. —lnquiring Son:

- "Papa, what is the difference between an amateur writer and professional ?" Experienced Father: "The difference between them, my eon, is that one writes for glory, the other for cash." Inquiring Son: "And have they nothing in common ?" Experienced Father: "Ono thing only; that neither gets what he's after." ENTITLED TO A REWARD.—The boys, one named John and the other Willie, were ono day fighting in a public street. John, having got the worst, went away crying, when a gentleman came forward, gave John sixpence, and told him to be quiet. When the gentleman was about going away Willie ran forward and said—" Jock, I should get half of it, for if I had not beaten you, you would not have got it." A MANSFOMIATION. —Scene: Model lodging- house not twenty miles from Paisley. A tramp in luck is cooking a piece of steak over the fire. He leaves it to get ssme salt as seasoning, and on his ?return finds in its place a red herring. " Change- able weather this, Pat," said a man, boiling some potatoes. "Begorra, an' it is moighty changeable. I left as good a sleek as ever man ate in that pan there, and when I came back it has changed into this herring.

AN APPRECIATED COMPLIMENT.—The fat man was going round the lake in the park in imitation of the ruthless scorcher. He was bent over the handle-bars in an attitude peculiar to the hands of a clock at a quarter-past six. Little rivulets coursed down his roly-poly face. 1' Hi, there I" yelled a bicycle policeman, sharply, "you're going more than eight miles an hour." The fat man looked aghast, and then tumbled off his machine in astonishment. "Mr. Officer," he puffed, "if you were not on duty, I'd ask you to have a drink. You've paid me the greatest compliment of my life." " TIIE time has come !" His fond eyes dilated with the excess of love that, long suppressed and held in control, now blazed forth with unrestrained vigour, his rich contralto voice trembling with its weight of happiness ; the young lover turned to- wards the girl whom he had so long been devoted to, and, holding out his arms, he continued, more calmly: "Yes, my darling, I am glad to say that the long hours of waiting, of suspense on your part, and of severe privation and hard work on mine, are at last to be rewarded. Since the happy even- ing, now some eight months past, when I first con- fided to you the passionate love that animated my whole being, and when, in response, you revealed the state of your heart, I have been toiling with one end in view, and that was to place myself in a position where we could be joined together in those bonds which no man dare put asunder. By strict economy during these long weary months of waiting, I have succeeded in amassing a sum which, though not large, is yet sufficient to enable us to take this important stcp." The young man almost imperceptibly tightened his grip, while his face betrayed a shade of anxiety. "Yes, dear," he proceeded, carefully weighing his words; "and yet, when I say sufficient,' I refer to a sum that does not mean any unnecessary display or ostenta- tion. Our wedding must be necessarily a quiet one _say in the afternoon, in the presence of a few friends, the flowers and carriages attendant on a church wedding being rather more than my slender pnrse can afford. I shall not, of course, be able to buy you a wedding present, or take you on a but this immaterial compared is i honeymoon trip; to the great fact that we can get married. And now, toy darling, tell me wii at you think about it." The young girl detached herself thoughtfully from the embrace of the fervent one. "I think, d ear," " she said, simply, her slight form trembling with emotion, "that under the circumstances it might be well to wait three or four years longer."

EVERY WOMAN should mend two stamps for our NIPS BOOK oontaininrr valuable infooriation to Ladies' how all Irregularities may be patirely Avoided or Removed by Simple iletris Rococo mended by eminent Physicians as Oa only Safe, Sure, and genuine Rtmedy. " Never Valls, housands Of Testi- zoo:dais. —Mr. W. 1. ILA.IICII A RE.. Claremont Rouse l'orest-road, lleiston Loud

===== 0002601_18980805_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

My Thus NELLIE. lb is full early to speak of the new dress materials, but from what can be foreseen, the new colour will be Cyrano, which, although in reality a very, very old one, is what our grandmothers would have called a rich puce. It is a lovely shade, lustrous, yet soft. Reps of every kind are the goods that are being prepared for autumn wear, poplins, wool reps, bengalinee and fine soft silk reps of French manufacture finding first favour.

The best gowns for yachting are those of serge or cloth ; linen skirts are also to be considered. A muslin gown for a girl in mourning might be most admirably achieved in black with an embroidered white spot, a transparent yoke of white lace, and s skirt showing muslin flounces, each one frilled with white lace of the narrowest width and of Valenciennes description. Crown such a costume with a black chip hat lined with white, trimmed with a scarf of black and white spotted chiffon, and the result will be excellent. Another extremely useful dress might be of white flannel trimmed with box-pleats, under which appears a vest of pink velvet.

A pretty grey and black foulard gown which was recently pointed out to me was a dove-grey foulard, with a light foliage design in black. The wide re- vers were faced and double flounced with soft grey silk, and the chemisette was in grey silk with black spots. The becoming hat worn with this toilette was in light grey felt, draped with a stylish ar- rangement of grey silk and black velvet, furnished with a tuft of black ostrich tips and osprey. One of the ktest fashions N a coat and skirt in black open work embroidery made up over light green glacti silk, with an accompanying green Alk blouse, the trimmings all of the same handsome guipure. A large picture hat is worn with it. In the coming season this open work embroidery on a completely new scale and in a novel style will be pretty sure to assert itself. As to headgear a charming hat is in black and white with full niche of white chiffon veiled with black lace, high French plumes fastened with soft ribbon velvet bow and paste buckle. For millinery generally there will be a pronounced taste for Valkyrie wings in leathers and in jet—but in a lesser degree. The chief ornaments for hats are long pins made from Roman pearls set in old silver and studded with imitation diamonds. Also the same article made in hollow and perforated jet and set in old silver studded with diamonds and mounted in tertoiseshell.

The hate which turn up in the front are not having it all their own way. A good many are favouring those which turn down at the back and the front, being curved slightly over each ear; and trimmed either with ostrich feathers or a scarf of some diaphanous material. Muslin dresses in plain colours, in mauve or pale pink for choice, are most attractive when trimmed with Valenciennes lace and headings, threaded with black velvet rib- bons. Then this new order of hat, which is, after all, our old friend "the flop," may be made oi Tuscan or Leghorn wreathed with flowers and tied with ribbons. Such costumes need pretty girls to show them to their best advantage; but, then, pretty girls in England are as plentiful as black- berries in October.

It is now warm enough for the children to wear thin washing pelisses. A charming pelisse might be made of embroidered cambric, lined with w,sh- ing silk, and trimmed with insertions and edgings of tine embroidery. The deep collar is caught with pale satin ribbons, and knots of the same appear at the throat. A gathered frill of embrcidery hangs off the edge, inside which is a frill of silk, edged with lace. With this is worn a straw hat trimmed with pale glac6 silk bows and ends, which are wired at the edges, so that they do not soon get out of condition. Yours lovingly JF.Ntrin.

To CLAN' A MACKINTOSH CLOAK.—Lay the mackintosh flat on a board or table, take a brush used for scrubbing clothes, some lukewarm water in a basin, some plain yellow soap. Thoroughly brush the cloak both right and wrong sides until all dirty marks go, then rinse thoroughly in different lots of cold water and hang it up to dry, but not near a fire. The mackintosh will look nice and as fresh as new.

‘'.4.4*., c, -- 10;;; v-i''' 'l.-'.i.,,T. ,Y:' , r . ' ) te/ ' c . ' 11."i' -*V‘ 7 14 , 4/11/. ' \\ 111 1 i:' z ! /:// e• -.. / '.. A r\ • r , 0-', ~ „„.„, ix,/,,,,,,,,„ , if ' /,' :. ‘,,e, i 7. .

^ ~ • ~,,"4,,,': --Igt v ,e k'.,: , {,.. ,• -w.-- .:0 ';at vi ..;;;Vee. -.1 rq. • . 4 A '-,. •,..ys 3., ,*;;',.•:' ''W 'l* ; ;`` ;13 3 : . `1,:!..'%';; '• L 'l9 v\l :;.• : ~,.' ' 4,. '.:-!;--_ ::',...._ _ '•',.•l/4 •• 's ‘s,-.‘ ;•:•:, , 4- ----------,,,:= ,-;--...--,*...-Aik, . V• -.-„,--,•••-' •' - ---,,, -i--• ',,,--• i : •(' ,s.:'•?, • • A:-...' ---,- '. . • • t

eit:l44. .. ~, ~ ti-,..f..,A' \ . i fill'4 1 , . ,14 \\4l

===== 0002601_18980805_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE

Cure ,uivai, Bile, Sallow Complexion, aud Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them co as to et "axed. Chemists, .19.

.AUTIFUL TEETH . who mu daily ou the tooth bnish 11.1 V drops of SOZODO NT, Ohs plearentert dentifrice in the world.

Cleanses the teeth and spates between them as nothing else . will. Sound and pearly white teeth. rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensmad. . evic tor SOZODONT.

LIVER PILLS. . Stasi! MIL BEAUT.- SD. Doss. forMl WO Sim. a Pries. ,ITfIE Forty in a IVER ' Fur yVege f table. , Torpid Livp-

===== 0002601_18980805_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT,"

The news of the sudden lite ess of the Queen of Den- mark was a great shock to tee Princess of Wales, But Her Royal Highness acted with her u.ual promptness, and when she bad paid a hasty visit of farewell to the Queen, left immediately for Copenbagen. With her went the good wishes of all her future subjects:, and we can only hope that the aged Queen may yet he spared to her family and the 'laden wise love her so well. The Dowager Empress of Russia with her two younger chil- dren had already arrived at Copenbagen, wnere the Duehess of Cumberland. ard the Princess of Wales were to have joined the family party a little later on. Copenhagen is often styled the "Paris cf the North," while its sister eapital :Levees the sound in Sweden— Stockholm—is called the " Venice of the North." Both tius and good comparisoes. So far as the style and fasision of the Danish women go, these run un- questionably • in the direetion of those of the Immortal eity on the Seine, the men who ate large, powerful, and well-made, on the other hand, in I their dress and manners, have, especially of late years, assumed a still stronger Angle-6aroo appearance, and show a decided leaning to that great race of ellow-nien across the North Sea, who also descend from tha valiant man at the North, as they do. The Norseman,the Dane, the Swede, and the Briten, can all clasp bands in brotherly love, as the offeprieg of that ancient family whose chief Wen wielded his sceptre in the famous Mlle of Valhalla. Ad guests of the Bing and Quren of Denmark coilform to the daily routiee oh their Majysties, in whose simple mode of living the presence of even the mtst illustrious visitors does not make much difference. At nine o'clock the King likes to see his visitois at the breakfast table. The morning is generally spent in the park or the gar- dens. After luncheon the Royal Family and their guests otten drive out. 'I h King is still frees-entry seen on the box, the Dowager Empress of Russia gen- erally sharing the seat with her father. Unlike the Priecess of Wales, tha Dowtger Empress knows no fear of horses. She is an excellent whip, and excels in driv- ing a troika, three horses abi-east, the two wheelers being kept at a trot, while the „third maintains a steady ut swerving canter. The Russian Imperial Family is the richest of all Royal houses, and protably among commences alto. Apsrt fit m his salary as. ruler, which 'amounts to two sad a half millions yearly, the Czar, as bead of the house of Romanoffs owns 21,000,000 acres at land in different pests of Ru-cia. Th(Se yield more than £2,000,000 rer OrinUM ; £500,000 of this is paid in allowances to forty- six grand dukes and duchesses. and the remainder Is at the OiSposal the ( zsr who this enjoys the enormous income of £3.500,000 a year —£4o 0 per hour.—Tue zees plate is noi.ed tairoucl out Europe, for its richness and beauty. There is one service alone, capable ee dinine five hunched lessons, that is compessd entirely of tie tomcat :diver overlaid with gold. The Qteen's plate is valut d at about one stud a half millions sterling and there are cups, flagons, shields, fountains, vases, and many otter pieces or meat beauty in this royal collection. The plate in every-clay use by Her Majesty however, is plain, in the cofrim., and Chia Is conveyed Irons one flue' residence to another, in speclally built, pair-horse, metal-lined vans, which are placed on railway trucks, and thus travel *bout between Windsor, Lrndon, Olesrne, and Balmoral, or wherever the Queen happens to sojourn. Lacy Sybil Primer as may t e said lobe a very forty- mite young woman, h r not only is she a great favourite with reseral members of the Royal Yarn ly, but she hair won the favour of the Queen, who eons dsrs her" all a kid ought to be," There are rumours that Lady Sybil will shortly be °Mesa a place of frown in the Royal Household, but at present thee.' need confirmation. The yeuvg febutanto he a great favourite with the Princess of Wales. Her Royal Flightless has, ever since the death of Lady Rosebery, taken the greatest pessit le interest in the ex- Premier's meth, seise gale. The Duchess of Somerset, who will spend a porticos of the coming autumn at Maiden Bradley. near Bath, is undoubtedly an extremely clever woman. Sim ia a ela ful stet, a graceful and daring huntress, an arc nn- platted cy chat, •knows how to er as eaquisieely,entertain with consummate tact and digeity, and is very p polar In snciety. She posseisrs great artistic and oeerary which she has shown in the mat y brilitaut articles contribet d Pt differs nt times to various maga. elm% Arid as the autherese of that bright book " Im- pressions of a Tenderfoot" she hag shown that she eau d without effort, become one of the first writers ef heday. klodisi ea are now paying as much alien tien tuequat Costumes PS they were to ball aid race toilettes a few week* back. Our French sistirs arts delightful to behold lii sh•lr fascinating bathing garmentn,and with regard to tee Vienese—they i.lw tys excel in this particular toilette The bathing tour with them is ncthieg more or lass than a fashionable rendezvous—the mtioe of this devotees of the wave teine " Let us see, anti be seen." Concerning the batting costume of the modish American damsel, this is pethaps of a more remarkable character than hos ever been seen before. Our sisters across the " pond " are wearing jewels innumerable on their gowns, gloves to the shoulder (tantird arms and hands being no longer piirmiee.ibie), and hats elablrately trimmed with arti- fice,' dowels of such fabric 40 is not bort by the ws ter, Needlees to say, suCh COSIAIMO3 are more striking tiara fascinating. S wornen crowd on a great deal too much in the way of clothing when atio,rt to I eke their dip in the sea, others mitt oft to the opposite extreme and scarcely don ratio:4h. The best plan is to try azid hit the ha p;iy medium. The• fashionable bathing dress this year comes far blew the knave, but tiinae of us who do something more than bob up arid down in shallow' water, would do well to keep to the shot ter skirt, as it hampers one's movements less. A pretty, dainty costume I was shiiwn recently at one of cur leading modiates, was built of red serge. Thera was a short skirt beside knickerbockers, but as it was attached to the combination arrangement thora would te only one putting-ou operation. The bodice, which was a clone full, was slightly decollete,and the sierras were short. The skirt had a border deeien wotksd in white wool, and the same design was cartisd out in the earns manner on the sleeves, collar, and waist- band. For swinsmine, girls are wearing princess or combin- ation garments,terminating in very lull knickerbockers, with a broadoolt sash loosely fastened round the waist. And :or the head,the majortty now indulge in a cut-her cap,whieh fits closely ,irCtuding colts eti,ctive protection evert err ip af hair,and over thi3 is a rrmiged bandker• chief. of some bright hue, as greet f _u..y as may be r esse We. This is the only way to escepe from the Whim', 1 necessity of rinsing the hair in fresh writer aftr each bathe. The ornamental oiled.skin contrivances are, al- inset without exception, a delusion, soda snare. The ruewner dales are over.and-we Nose settled down to menotony, ea far as novelties are conceened. Bet as our minds are fate, occupied with holidave, the absence ' of anything new in the world moilistic lor the re xt few 50,,e4:,.is not likely to trouble /My of os very much. One

feature of the past epidemic of sales has been the quan- tity of attain jewellery that has been offered and bought. Safety pin oreoches, paste acUrned combs, jewelled Ichains and hat pins, nave appeared in almost endless array,and be n snapped up by women who could well afford to indulge in the genuine article. But without doubt the tide will turn before long,and Moe* individuals given to bediz ming themselves after the mintier of savages. with the sham pretentious gew-gaws, will grow few and far between. Now oar hair is dressed low,wreaths for evening wear are en evidence again. Those wreaths are either ar- ranged ef small flowers of arty description or color, oe of small ivy, leaves, and have no aigrette. With three ornaments, the hair is usually parted in the middle, as d slightly waved. The style though needs careful atten- ' Hon. and the dressing mutt hit the deicate medium, bt tween the neeligi and the' floppy." How true it is that these is nothing new under the sun. Even our granemothers in their young days were spoken of in very much the same terms as the present generation of women. Here is an extract from the diary of a man who lived a hundred years ago. "Wernen glow more frivolnus every day. Young ladies curn housework, "and learn to embroider, to play the piano, and to flirt, while their mothers are engaged in all the drudgiry of the household. They eschew all useful reading and prefer French novels to English classics. In selecting husbands they choose dandle's with social graces rather than men with solid attainments. They are full of strange whimsical notione, peculiar to the age." IS not at all unlike t e growl of the pessimists of our own day, if we substitute athletic sports, for the embroidery end piano business. Pineapple cake.—Break three eggs into a basin, beat well, thee add three ounces of castor sugar. Stand tf e basin over a saucepan of boiling water, draw the pan to a cot I part of the stove, and whisk for ten minutes, till it is very thick and frctlay. Next add very lightly three ounces of sieved Vienna flour, and two ounces of glace preeerved pineapple cut into ebreds. Pour the mixture into a tin lined with greased paper, and bake in rather a quick oven, for abetu 30 minutes, taking car 4 it des not catch. " MADGE.'

===== 0002601_18980805_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
FEMALE AILMENTS

Irredaitarlties sud Obstructinna bowever obstinate quickly and surely reb,ved and removed Lu a few zoars, after all elee faitr, this temedy foie,. Full particulars, testirconists and proofs will he sent

- . on receipt of atamped envelope. Madam MARTYN, 20. ilislinpecate*Witoont. London. hittalci:thed 30 Yeors.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
rum EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 5, 1898.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
(CoPYrifht)

A WARD OF THE KING.

RT KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author of "Maisie Derrick," "The Story of Lois.' "Patty," "Louisa," "At the Red Glove," "Miss Eyon of Eyoncourt," Sc.c.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: Jeanne Kergrist, a wealthy heiress and an only child, has become on her father's death ward of the King of France. Jeanne is only thirteen when the King commands her to marry the Count of Laval, who is twenty years her ,senior. The story, opens in the garden of Jeanne's house, where Jeanne tells her friend and playfellow Rolland of her dislike to the proposed marriage. Rolland, a fine young fellow, dislikes it too. He has •.been brought .up with Jeanne, and, if he were richer, would marry her when she grows up. The Count of Laval comes to the castle, accompanied by a handsome young cousin, Gilles de Retz. Jeanne likes the Count, but she takes a dislike to Be Retz, who flatters and pities her. He and the Count of Laval leave the castle directly after the marriage ceremony. Fcur years later, Jeanne's mother dies. Rolland has been away fighting in Italy and the Netherlands. Jeanne is alone in the world, and her husband falls ill. He sends De Retz to fetch his young wife home to Laval. Jeanne is seventeen, and has become beautiful. She travels in a litter to Laval, accom- panied by her maids and her mother's woman Gillonne. a courageous and clever Bretonne. They reach Laval at the end of four days and learn that Jeanne's husband, the Count, is dead. De Retz is uqw Count of Laval, and Gillonne suspects his intentioes towards her mistress. She resolves to seek help and advice from her widowed mistress's friend Rolland, who has now become a Viscount. Jeanne atlics the Count of Laval to take her to Amboise to seek protection horn her guardian, the King. Laval consents. He is determined to marry Jeanne, whose wealth, position and beauty attract him. He is also bent on capturing the Constable of Bourbon, lately declared guilty of high treason. Jeanne and her escort leave Laval. Gillonne quits her mistress on the pretext of seeking a relative, and narrowly escapes, being murdered by two of Laval's soldiers, ,who accompany her. Laval tells Jeanne that the King has left Amboise, and they journey in search of him. By degrees he wins the girl's confidence, and makes her feel ashamed of the prejudice she has taken up against him. They stay at an inn where the hostess secretly warns Jeanne that Laval is an unsafe companion, and tells her that he seeks to betray and capture the Con- stable of Bourbon. The Constable was the dearest friend of Jeanne's father, and this warning of Laval's intentions distresses and alarms the girl. Laval manages to quiet her suspicions, and they travel on together, he says, to find the King at Lyons. But he is really taking her into the heart of the Bourbon country.

CHAPTER XL JEANNE ASKS A QUESTION,

Jeanne de Laval's night proved almost as fatiguing as her day had been. She slept from sheer physical exhaustion, but terrible and exciting dreams caused her constantly to waken in a fever of unrest. Towards morning she fell into a deep sleep. From this she suddenly waked; she was trying to rouse up the Constable de Bourbon, to save him from Laval, who held a dagger at his throat. Tha young noble turned on her; she held him fast, in the hope that the Duke would escape. As she struggled, she beard a faint cry; she seemed to see Rolland de la Touche and Laval fighting over the prostrate body of Charles de Bourbon, and she heard Laval cry: "Treason— treason! I summon you to yield in the King's name!" There was a clapping of hands, and she awoke.

She could not at first recall where she was, or how she came to be lying on this hard bed in the 3emi-darkness. Though the sun had not yet risen, a square of cold blue glimmer chewed at the thinly- curtained window. Jeanne raised herself on one elbow, and she guessed at the cause of her sudden awakening, Inc wind had risen, and it now blew such a gale that the loosened vine branches flapped angrily against the lattice, as though determined to force an entrance.

Heavy breathing from the loft told Jeanne that her women still slumbered; she rose and lo)ked out. All was quiet; but even while she gazed with half-opened eyes at the road that led straight upwards to the town, now faintly appearing in the gloom, some neighbouring cock crew. The sound acted like a spell, just as the Prince's kiss acted on the enchanted surroundings of the Princess in the wood. A calf bleated feebly in its shed; its mother, tethered some way off, answered her weanling with pathetic yearning; the shrill cook crowed again, another answered, and a horse softly whinnied, as if in rebuke to the slumber- breaker. But the spell of silence was broken, the mysterious wakening of dawn had begun; there was a murmur in the air, a sort of throb through the house, that said: "Rest is over; another workday Fur the toilers of the earth has begun." Jeanne put on her garments without rousing up her women; she said her orisons, and then she seated herself by the window. She drew forward one of the curtains, so that she could watch the road without beine scan from without. Sitting there, she thought over her hostess's strange story. Jeanne felt very calm and collected, and she wondered at herself. What had happened to change her thus quickly from a child to a woman? It was hard to believe that so short a while ago she was playing, a wild, frolicsome girl, in the garden at Longuedec. She supposed that her great sorrow and then her sudden widowhood must have changed her. "I do not look like a widow," she thought, "but it is not my fault. My dear mother bade me go dressed as a bride should be to Laval." While she thought over the hostess's story, she remembered talk she had heard in childhood. She knew that King Francis and the Duke, his cousin, had never been dear friends. The King considered the Constable assmnptive an 4 severe; he also con- sidered his following and way of living .far too stately and magnificent for a subject. Jeanne had heard that the Constable censured the Ring for weakly yielding to the Queen-Mother's false and impolitic advice; he also deplored the vanity by which Francis had more than once lost a battle and the lives of many distinguished captains and brave soldiers, because he had insisted on com- manding in person, instead of trusting the issue to more experienced leaders. While she sat thinking, she noticed a slight sound below the window; then the tall, lithe figure of Laval came forth from the house; he looked around him, and followed the road into Moulins. He was alone, and on foot, but he wore back and breast pieces, and his long sword hung at his side. It seemed strange to the girl that ho should go forth unattended. Presently she saw a figure appear at the top of the rising road; it was a man, and he came forward to meet Laval. The young noble quickened his steps, and as soon as the two met they. turned back together towards the town. Jeanne asked herself if this was the traitor the hostess had spoken of. She had, however, no chance of satisfy- ing herself on this head. In spite of the stir she had fancied, not a voice as yet could be heard in the house. The light, however, became rapidly more definite, though it was hard to say when the sun rose, so heavy and gloomy was the cloudy sky. Then all at once the house seemed to wake up; there were, feet on the creaking stairs ; there were voices that called and those that answered. Horses' feet stamped on the stones of the courtyard below Jeanne 's chamber; Anne and Mathurine came in to wait on their mistress, and wondered at finding her ready without their help. Madame Vougeon appeared with food and wino for the lady, and with orders to make ready for immediate departure. "Is there such haste? " the Countess asked. "I was to tell madame that the horses arc bridled and saddled ; the leader is to pin the party a lengue,or so further on the road.

ifhe Woman left the room abruptly; she seethed to have forgotten her last night's talk with the lady. She only asked how the Countess had slept. Jeanne and her women soon appeared in the courtyard ~• a man came forward to help the lady mount, and Jeanne recognised Gaspard. "Where did you leave my woman, Gillonne ? she said sternly. "Why has she not come back with you P" Gaspard bowed with deep reverence. "Madame's woman is with her cousin at •lavenne ; she wished to linger there, so we came on here for fresh orders. I bade her go on to Amboise, and wait, there for madame." Jeanne did not answer; she was greatly surprised that Gillonne had not returned with her escort. She looked round to bid adieu to Madamo Vougeon, but the woman had remained standing in the doorway that led into the courtyard, seem- ingly observing a flight of pigeons crossing from roof to roof of the half-timbered building. The instant that Gaspard left the Countess and mounted his own horse, the hostess came forward.

• pressed up to the lady, wad asked leave to kiss her I hand.

"Madame has a long journey before her," she said, sa that anyone might hear, "and she will see the finest view is on the of the road." Jeanne bowed, and with Gaspard at their head the party l'eft, the courtyard of the hostelry, For the first part of the way, Jeanne was fully occupied in meditating on the task which possibly lay before her; a possibility sternly recalled by the hostess's parting words. She scarcely noticed the country, lying grey and still in the early morn- ing light. They stopped at,a tolerable-looking inn for dijegner, and Laval suddenly appeared in its doorway, as if he had fallen from the skies—and, indeed, he looked so glowing that the comparison is in harmony. The soldier Gaspard had told his leader the same story about Gillanne that he had reported to the woman's mistress, and Laval now expressed his regret that the Countess should be deprived of her woman's services. He was secretly incensed by Gaspard's news; he hoped the man would have understood his hint, and would have rid himself in a surer fashion of the duenna. Jeanne scarcely answered Laval; she had some- thing more serious than Gillonne's absence to talk about. He Was struck by the calmness of her manner as she said: "Monsieur, with your leave, I wish to tia: question, but I will wait till your attention is lair_ likely to be called away from ine than it is now, when you have only just joined is." He you at her so admiringly that she grew uneasy under the gaze of his long narrow dark eyes.. "Madame does herself less than justice if she thinks that anything in this expedition weighs nearly so much with me as her goodwill and her pleasure in all matters." He bowed low, and waited for her to speak, without offering to help her dismount. Jeanne glanced right and left; no one was near enough to make out her words; this seemed to be the opportunity she sought. "You, monsieur, doubtless know what passes in the world, and can therefore enlighten my ignorance." She paused, and Laval smiled wit genuine pleasure, for he had fancied this proud maiden despised him. He looked so handsome, so anxious to please her, that Jeanne refused to believe he could be engaged in this despicable hunt for a brave man. "Command me, madame, I beseech Toil, in anything that lies in 9, power to answer.' "I wish to know'—.she affected a careless manner "whether my lord the Constable of Bourbon is at Lyons with his Majesty " She looked full at him, and his eyes shifted Under her direct glance. "Will madame dismount and eat? I can thee tell her all I know during the meal." He helped her to dismount with more than usual care, and 'receded her into the inn. He held open the dtior of a low room with heavy beams from one end of the ceiling to the other; suspended from the central beam was a huge rack stuffed with bunches of herbs, skins of lard, smoked pig's flesh, and hams from the wild boar which infested the neighbouring forests. • Jeanne soon found that she was more hungry than she had imagined she could be; but she would not taste the wine which her companion pressed on her. She was impatient for him to finish his meal, and to send away the woman who had served it, and who still lingered, while she looked admiringly at the young Count and his companion. Her women sat at the farther end of the long table, too far off to overhear her talk. At last he bade the wench leave them, and then he turned to Jeanne.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SEQUEL .xOl- THUNDEI;STORM.

NEARLY tis•elor months—Bin—co—a heavy thunderatornt broke over Brdfordahire, and though it has passed from the memories of meat people, to one paison it proved to be a mat,er not easily forgotton. This was a farm labourer named William Marlow, who was working on the hills nverlookirg LL ton at the time, and anziout to arrive at the facts of the case, a reporter of the Bedford. shire Advertiser eatled upon Mr. Marlow at-143,1incinn- road, Luton. . _

" I nos caught in a heavy thunderstorm," he etattd, " wnile I was at woik c%er ths bill, and most base taken a very bad cold. lostead of shaking it off, I kept ge.tlog worse, and in a wick or two got so shoit of bvehtll that I found it 'shard ion to get scout the faint. However, I just struggled on to keep at Irak, but. was force to stop schnetm‘ s for three or four days alto- gether. My logs twelled to twice their uival sae, and I could not be doom in led, for at night I cougned a 4 though I would chi ke. Through the winter I taied numerJus remedie!, and con, tied a doctor, but nothing seemed to co me any grod. 111 a I happened to read in tne paper about Dr. Williams' Pink Pula for Pale People, and sent to Lendou for a beg of the Piits At first they e-eemed to make me a trifler worse, but it proved the turn ne-patut of the trou tie, for of er taking the secand box I 'Wean toleel better, ano the swell ng in my lees went d •wn. alter the third Lox, I could get about my work wlthot2ttoppn ti rest tor breath, sue the tight' oets acts; my chetit completely vanished. Another boa natio me feel quite right again ;in fact, my friends ere qu:te autprised. Sipco then, I have not loit day's work, sun lam walking about .trom mortlistl to night." •

This may be no startling 'revelation. but such a simple it iry. without any exaggeration, tells its own tale. In Mr. Marlow's case, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills made all the difference between long dtawn-out misery with parfsible want lor himself and levelly, and a healthy life of fair comfort and steady wageamrning. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cined over seven thousand cases of at re.ois, general weakners, palpitation shori nese of breath, early decay, all forms of female wealcuess, tiyatelia, paralysis, toconentor atsxy, rheuniatism, sciatica, ecrowia, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs. These Yids contain nothing that could injure the most delicate, and are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Flak Pills tor Pale Pimple ; sold by cherouts end by Dr. Williams' Itiedieine Company. 46. lielborn-viaduet, Lioncion, EC., at 2s. 9.1. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9J., post free. They invigorate the system after overwork,worry, and indiscretion of living.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SAVIOUR OF ltiEN.

The Saviour of men. when Ile mojournid here, knew nothing of hundreds or thousands • year: hut meat humbly He lived. content, d to share The artizan's home and the artizan's tare. And blessed be God for His lowly estate So full ui rebuke for th 4 wealthy and great : ror had Ito appeared witha rich man's display All hopelass the poor must have turner away. In travail trnd sorrow He passed through the land, t'onsetisnes by the hills, and sornetanes by the strand, To tither around Bios the children of God, All thepherdless belt ea the mountains ab:vad. And fainting and weary they drew to His side In the sultry noen,•ay and cool eventide : And 0, it W4/8 touching and ty autiful then To mar k how its cared torithe sorrows ut men. On the grass of the hills His table was spread And with multiplied loaves the hungry He fed While telling of manna and water in store Which themieedy might share and live evermore. And then, when the sun in the sea had gone down, The sick end afflicted, from village mad town, Be kindly hands borne, at His feet were laid how, That He might upon them Ills healing bestow. With a heart full of love and mercy profound, Be looked on the help us and seining around: And whatever their case, wtat ever their need, liach fund in Lim Saviour a kisviour indeed. But when the glad pitople all homeward had gone, And the 611.10W4 oi night found Je5,.5 alone : How oft did the hills of Judea afford, A rest! ul retreat ,or their .Hakor and Lord ! And there, whi;e the stars shed their holiest light, And wet was His roee with the dews of the night : Prostrate on the sward, whare no eye might ihegila, Nor simmers the hoiy and sinless One prayed. 0 nisi more than mortal. 0 Saviour divine What infinite love and devotion were th tie! And tin. charms of the vend to Tnee were but dross, For the path to Thy glory lay through the Cress J. li. W. CLIIDINNING.

- HAVE YOU BAD HEALTH!

SnXerers from Gravel. Lumbago. Piles. Pains In the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water 120910'10,, Diseases of Kidneys, itiumer, Stone. Sciatic', Rheumatism, and Gout will find a Punitive vvire in liokboyd's Gravel Pills. Try R small box and if no: satisfied y. ur money will be returned. Price 10., or ati Cbertists, or post free for 12 stamps, from tifILDROYIA, Medical Ball, t.heckhedion, Yorks. Bra at 35, Bridge-street, Warrington. Don't bo pat off, if you can- not get Ultra write to Um Proprietor and a box *lli be sent neat wt.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XII.

REASSIIMID. "Now that we are alone, madame, I will answer your question, but I will do so with caution; eavesdroppers may be near Us." He spoke almost in a whisper, and looked over his shoulder as he spoke. Jeanne remembered the hostess's caution, and she wished herself safely out of all this secrecy ans.? mystery, so unlike the fearless atmosphere in whidli she had lived at Longuedec. "Your question implies, dear lady, that the King has reached Lyons; I am not certain that this is the case." Jeanne felt impatient; she said quickly: "That dew not alter my question. My wish is to learn whether the Constable is known to be with the King, or whether he is, like ourselves, riding to overtake his Majeasty ? " Laval looked at her through his half-closed eye- lids; but Jeanne kept a smiling, impassive face. He fancied from her expression that she was merely bent on satisfying a childish curiosity. "It is curious that you, madame, should question me on the point that made me resolve to spend a whole night at Moulins; I also was anxious to learn somewhat of the Duke's movements. I learnt at Moulins that his Highness had continued too much indisposed to set forward with his Majesty, and that when the King quitted the town he left behind him Monsieur Perrot to wait on my lord the Con- stable, who had promised to follow the Royal troops in a litter. Sooner than could have been expected/ I learnt that my lord of Bourbon, Monsieur de Pomperant, and the King's gentleman set forth on horseback, riding swiftly in order to overtake hip Majesty. My informant said the Con- stable's was indeed a marvellous recovery, but then, as madame knows, the old saying has it: 'A King's face giveth grace.' My own opinion is, dear lady, that if they have kept to the road they have by now overtaken King Francis." Jeanne looked thoughtful. Part of this account tallied with the hostess's story; it seemed possible to the girl that Laval was telling her the real facts, and that the hostess had merely repeated idle gossip; even if the Constable had fled away to Chantelles, Laval might not know it. She dis- liked suspicion; she would trust him as long as she could. , "You will not know certainly, then, till you reach Lyons? Will it be long before we get there?" This question also sounded childish, but Jeanne's heart beat rapidly while she waited for his answer. He rose from the table and spoke without looking at her, though he seemed frank. "I am not sure, madame; there will be delay. I mast first go a little out of the direct road in order to leave you in a place of safety; I cannot spare you a strong escort. My duty on reaching Lyons is to seek the. Kin; ; if his Majesty . has not arrived I must wait for him, and learn his Royal intentions respecting you, dear lady, as his ward. I shall then leave my men at the camp, and return with a few trusty fellows to conduct you to your appointed dwelling-place. This is the position." She bowed, and taking her hand he led her out of the house to the mounting-block beside the door of the hostelry, where the horses stood ready. Jeanne felt happier; she rejoiced to find herself' again in the free, fresh air; the dark eating-roor had been musty and evil-smelling. It was also a relief that she need not suspect Laval;' his candour and frankness had impressed her. She felt that she had wronged him by her suspicions • and blushed in thinking that she had credulously listened to the report of an utter stranger, and had actually believed him to be a mercenary spy. Surely she could not have listened so readily but for that childish aversion of so many years ago! "It has been partly Gillonne's fault," she told herself. "She took such a bitter dislike to him at Laval." , So she rode on, happier than she had been since she left Longuedeo ; full of kindly smiles for her companion, to whom she thought she owed repara- tion for her unworthy suspicions of his good faith. She had never been left so entirely to her own devices as she had been in the journey from Laval, and till now distrust of her companion had added to the reticence which she had considered due to her unprotected condition. Now the revulsion of feeling towards him overcame her scruples; she looked at him with sparkling eyes as they cantered on side by side; slie was once more the charming, sprightly Jeanne she had been in the old days at Lon guedec. While,, she chatted and laughed, Laval felt the increasing fascination she had for him; he felt that it would be hard to leave this delightfu,' companion, so suddenly transformed from the prorA: cold girl, who had hitherto accompanied him. The road was long and monotonous till they canto in sight of far-off mountains, some of which had fantastic and quaintly shaped peaks, cutting the line of grey sky. There was no village, only groups of miserable huts. After they tiad passed some of these groups Laval turned to Jeanne: "We shall not find a resting-place where we could pass even a few hours, dear lady, till after nightfall Will it not be better to make a halt beside the road and dine on the provisions we brought from Moulins ? " "That will be excellent," the girl said joyously. "I love journeying, but the inns are nauseous, and they weary me. Why should we not travel through the

H'e laughed at her glad eagerness. "Madame forgets our homes; the poor beasts Will be tired out by the time they are stabled." Then, suddenly dropping his formal manner: "I however, entirely of your opinion—there is nothing to equal the joyous free life of the traveller who can afford to journey only where he pleases and to snatch the golden hours as they fly. When madam° visits Amboise she will talk with the Court . poet; .Messire Clement Marot, who rivals our King ana his sister, Madame d'Alencon, in the art of turning a strophe." Jeanne blushed; she had heard Gillonne say thst ,poets and lute-players and fortune-tellers ought ell to be whipped out of Court together, because of the mischief they made there. But she had begun to see„ that GI-Monne was old-fashioned and full of prejudices. "I am very ignorant," she said. "I am not sure that I have heard the name you meation. I wish to go to Court only for two reasons: I should love to see our gracious Sing, but more than all my own sweet and lovely cousin, the Countess of Chateau' briand." _

Laval told himself that ~.Ml went well Jeanne would be his wife before she had the chance of meeting her cousin;' but he saw that it might stand him in good stead to have special influence with the favourite. "The Countess is, as you say,a truly lovely.lady, and she will know how to make life delightful for you at Amboise. But see, here is a halting-place made for us." He pointed to a little trickling stream that came from a fissure in the rocky banir beside the road, just where the bank itself receded so as to give space to some stunted herbage at its foot.

He helped the girl from her horse, and throwing a cloak on the ground he begged her to be seated*. He waited on her himself with the utmost devotion, and when she inquired for her women he at ono sent for them and placed them near their mistress. Jeanne enjoyed everything; the tiny. lizards even, as they darted in and out of the rocky fissures like so many living emeralds, called forth her delight. When he once more helped her into the saddle Laval whispered : "It will indeed be hard to cut short this happi- ness. Would that our journey might last for weeks!"

She gave him an arch smile. "I cannot agree to that, monsieur iii six weep —perhaps sooner—we may have snow and cold weather; and then there will be no lizards among the rocks, and the butterflies will all be dead." "You speak like a true Northerner," he said, laughing, as they again rode on, some little wel behind the rest of the escort. "But I have Southern blood; my mother came from Provence' where the winter passes over us tenderly, and we have flowers in December." He stopped and looked forivar,l> his tidings comes Gaspard, spurring his horse as if 's tidings were urgent. Permit me, madame." He spurred his own horse forward, and Jeat• slackened her pace sd that Anne and Mathurine; who rode behind, could come up with her. Th° Countess called to Anne to ride beside her. The fair, blue-eyed tirewoman blushed deeply; she was doubtful as to the meaning of this distinc- tion, for more than once she had seen the Countess look very grave when Gaspard spoke to • either of her attendants. hi "1

too°

"Anne "—her mistress looked frankly at her-- have hitherto left you to Gillonne's guidance, but as she is not here I must take you in hand myself Till the end of our journey you had better talk °nit with Mathurine; soldiers are, I doubt not, pleasant and amusing, but they are not safe friends for young girls. Jeanne knew that Anne was older than she was, and she saw the girl pout her prettZ lips, while an angry flush rose on her cheeks. am very young myself," her mistress went oa firmly, "but I am your lady, and it is your duty t° obey me." Jeanne had been wishing to speak to the girl, for she had noted the bold, free glances bestowed on Anne, and as Mathurine did not attract the sato° amount of notice the young mistress shrewdly so' pected that Anne had been less discreet than be companion. Laval came riding back to her. "We ate nearer our bourne than 1 loved: In two days, Gaspard tells me, we may reach a sat° refuge for you. I shall ride forward and Iwo?' noitre it will not be long, however, before I rei°°:l you." He bent almost to his saddle, and was fl°ll° before she could answer. She saw that Gaspard followed him, with about * dozen more soldiers. Those left behind were °el,: mended by a grey-haired, severe-looking mssoaw7his his companions called Raoul. As he poe man Laval stopped, and seemingly gave him soul° directions, for 'Raoul rode back to Jeanne as soon as his leader was out of sight, and with a respect- ful salute told the lady that he VMS at her orders for the rest of the journey. "Monsieur the Count will return this evening, will he not?" Jeanne felt a sudden chill at the idea of being left wholly to soldiers. "I crave pardon of madame, but the Count will not return to us till he has seen the King." "There is some mistake," she said impulsitell• "The Count said he was soon coming back." "Yes, madame, that is trtie ; he is coming back. but not for some days—perhaps a week from now' If madame will excuse me. I will go to hasten those laggards in front." %

(To be continued.)

I

===== 0002601_18980805_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ENUINk Makers st grentl "A.NJO'

lto BA:CiAt 45-49.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18980805_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
I

" ArTiA6 " CRAT.

The Bill for distributing electrical power from a lilted centre which has been suspended by special resolution of the House of Commons till next session, instead of being allowed to drop like other tills, is one which calls for the closest scrutiny by Public bodies throughout the country, and by all interested in the administrative arrangements con- nected with local government. If the principle is admitted by Parliament, the Bill viei be a prece- dent for the establishment of a great number of local monopolies 'which, in the Course Of the future tevelopmetit of .electricity as a motive power, must : become of great pecuniary value. The Bill in ques- tion proposes to distribute from a given centre in Nottinghamshire electric energy for the purpose of taiPplyinv light and power within a radius of 30' Utiles. Within tnis radius lie large and populous boroughs and cities, some, if not all, of which already possess powers for supplying electricity- Those) that hare such power will Rod a rival in this .1101npanyithoss that have not may soon find a mono- polist in posseesion with whom it is diffirtult to deal. When such a town, for example, as Sheffield! 411 threatened with invasion by such a company, as it is by this Bill, it is obvious that a network of onopolies may be thrown over the development Of local government, which may be a mtsch more Itrievousduatter than a telephone monopoly. AU local bodies should take steps before next session to 43aft-gllZlrd 'heir freedom and their own finvire 'tights against the monopoly with which a Bill of this kind threatens them.

--- Lord Ealisbury's statement in the Heim of Lords tn. Monday has done something to reassure the unionist members who are interesting themselves In Chinese questions, aad it will probaby have the effect of preventing any formal demonstration on the subject during the rest of the session. It can- not be said that there appears to be complete con- fidence among the advanced party of the 'Unionist benches that the eyvernment will come up to the epirit as well as the letter of their promise. Still it le evident that thercannot very well go behind Lord Salisbury's deliberate declaration. There have been rumours to the effect that a committee of members of Parliascent and others will be formed to watch the action of the Foreign ,Office during the recess, and in.case there are 'signs of any further" weakness'" on the part of Lord Salisbury, to raise an agitation and take such steps as are qsracticable outsideTarliament to bring pressure to bear upon the Covernment. Probably a general understanding among the members -who originally formed the Far East Committee bec..given couuten- •ance to this suggestion, and I do not near that any formal steps have so far been taken in the matter. No doubt it is highly probable that the political •controversy of the recess will turn largely on foreign affairs,and the conduct ofloreign affairs by Lord Salisbury.

1

Newgate Prison, the centre of so many memories ne°,oneceod with the romance and brutalities of has been of late standing in its gaunt acui massiveness with ita fate hanging uncertain othver it. Cue portion of it has at last been sold by e Government to the City Corporation, who will at 8 once proceed to erect upon the site a large new es ' 41, slons House, which will supersede the fametisi id Bailey. Various architects of eminence will be Invited to send in plans of the new structure,whic,l Will cost the City a quarter of a million, for which It special rate will be levied. The loss of the New-

At the recent sale of sketches an drawings by ! the late sir E. Burne-J ones the (British Mnteuta ir.„e4red the tet of designs in calks for the series the Works of Mercy. These drawings `: b,:rs ape.ciall.y.selected for the :national collectionl f;',lete both in beauty of design and in depth of; b"„e'ing they fully conform to the general idea which 0 b's guided the administration of the Department of, ;flints and Drawings since its formation, that so zar , Its concerns the acquisition of drawings and sketches by .-native hands, the.ldepartmeat should volltaio one characteristic ezample or more of everY artist V7AO has left a name, and so furnish the student and the curious with something like a eQraplete illustrated record in this form of the his- tory of British art. In addition to the drawings "eve mentioned, the department has been further enriched by an extremely beautitul sketch of a female playing a harp, drawn in gold on a purple ground, it being one of a very few examples of this Style which Borne-Jones produced during a late Period of his life. All these drawings are now to1:3 seen in the --"rint-room.

gtit wing to the prison accommodation of the !netropolis will lead to building schemes elsewhere °Y way of enlarging some of the existing prisons. But the building of the New Sessions House in the City cannot be begun until the Government has Provided additional accommodation for the Prisoners whom the scheme will displace.

The Clerken well Vestry has had a curious point before it in connection with the recent election of a Vicar for thtS parish. This right of electing a 'vicar by a popular vote is a luxury that the rate- Payers of t mat democratic parish enjey, and it is al- teost a unique I.lxury. The contest cost £7O, and thO churchwardens accordingly presented their Eill. This immediately gave rise to a hot protest from the Roman Catholic and Nonconformist members, Vhe declined to sanction a payment for the ex- of an Establishment electinn. The contest

sVlodinle;w—h-e:her the rate which the payment of £7O necessitated was a church rate or a mere vicar's rate. It it was a mere vicar's rate, it could only be levied from the communicants or hi s constituents. But as every ratepayer was en- titled to vote, and as many Nonconformists did "vote, the weight of the argument was in favour of the Church party on the Vestry, and the Nonconfor- 4nsts retired outvoted but not convinced.

4,lbe Ministerialists are naturally elated at the Te- o,'" of tbe Grimsby election. That Mr. Doughty have beaten both opponents, and by such a 'l,!tiOrity, is regarded by them as an exceptional t'llltnob, and they may be excusably pardoned for that view. The feeling on the Ministerial "enches,in view of the recent by-elections, was one depression mingled with anxiety, but the return Of Mr. Doughty put the followers of the Govern- /tient in heart again and in their opinion quite Com- Densates for the loss of Reading. In weighing the merits of the question pro. and con., it is well to bear in mind the extremely favourable position Which the " member in possession" always holds. I could cite more than one instance in favour of this Contention. but tte best I have in mind is that of Brightcm,where Sir William Marriott,a Liberal, as a Protest against the views of Mr. Chamberlain, went down and put himself honestly in the hands of the electors,and was returned by a big majority, just as Mr. Doughty was on Tuesday.

There is, I understand, to be a very interesting contest for the America cup, Sir Thomas Lipton Llaving entered a challenge as a member of the 40ya1 Ulster Yacht Club. The cup has bebn in the Dossession of America for some 30 years.lt was last :ICon by an Englishman, in the person of Mr. Tan- Ferville Chamberlayne, with the yacht Arrow, and lt has since, as you will doubtless remember, been ~.the subject of exciting proceedings as between the -14arl of Dunraven and the New Yolk Yacht Club. Zile race will naturally, under such circumstances, ,e biked forward to with considerable interest. I u'lieve that the contest will. frem first to last, cost In Thomas a round sum of 1:50,000.

„ The report of the Departmental Committee upon ;00 dissemination of commercial information, and the collection and exhibition of patterns and 14,41131e5, is one of the most important documents to 14e commercial community which has appeared or along time. At present there is issued from the • °reign and Colonial Office a series of valuable mocuments proceeding from our representatives ,ithroad. The Committee desire to obtain further osformation from India, the Crown colonies, and the self-governing colonies,and to give the whole matter 410 obtained under publicity to this end they pro- Dose to establish a Commercial Intelligence Office, °hose functions shall be to meet the continually lhereasing demand for prompt and accurate infor- -1)2 s.tion in regard to commercial matters, as far as it Ilotl'M be met by Government action. The official tleadquarters of this new branch of the public ser- vice should, in the view of the committee, be placsd at Whitehall, and should be organised by the Board (_lt Trade, but under advice as to the work of the ce of a committee composed of representatives of llovernment Departments, and of, say six represen- tatives of commerce. The success of any under- !eking of this kind obviously depends upon the per- iS are to administer the establishment.

f...oahnuny's Cocoa is absolutely pure, being entirely free kola. malt, boos, alkali, or any foreign admixture. vlionl The public should insist on having CADBITIM'S Übstittned --"' u d only Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often for the sake of extra profit.—Advt. (4).

===== 0002601_18980805_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
DEITII OF PRME BISMIRK.

Prince Bismark died on Seurday night at eleven o'clock at his country seat at Friedriclasrun. The news of es week had been in ame once a pre- paration for the worst, and this notwithstanding the reassuring character of Friday's and Satitti•lV'S t grams. There can he no doubt tir.t the Prinea'a family was convinced he had sufficien•Ay recovered to rid them of all cans! of anxiety for tne immediate intuits, s Pr• - Pssor Sethweninger had left the Schloss for Kerlin, and Count William had returned to Koaigsbere. E irly in the afternoon the Prince was conversing freely and jocularly when he was suirlenty aeiz II with pain, and his condition was such that Professor Schweninger was telegraphed for. A message was also sent to Count William to return immediately. 'Che Prince, however, • who had bee a suffering intolerab'e pain, was unconscious when the doctor arrived at his oedside. died half an • hour aftervrards in Dr. Snweninger's arms, praising his bands tightly ti hiS eyes, but apparently wir.hout mono . pain. For tionle three hours before death his memory had entirely failed. BIOGRANITC.A.L

- It WAS in the year the first French Engel e fussily col- lapsed 'hit Otto Edward Leopold You enark-Sehce hausea "as born (e s ihi lss of April, 1815), on the family es aite of Soh ceishiusen, in use Mirk ce• Braaden- berg. His family is a very ancient oily, nehda.iiiie to wee is tsrmed ire Germany the Junker cleseathe nearest equivalent of this term in Es?,ash being squire. His tattier was a soldier—a maj er in the Primal army. He himself was destin id for the law,pr ebaby iii;sec), dance with the wishes of is mcther, wire was the daughter of a Prussian buritnizrat—a mmn of leigis cutter It may be nieetione I here that thmeh he only served the regulation year in the army, he was, during the wars which re- suited in the establishment of the Garman Empire, pro- eaoted to the rank of a general, an licuo ,r of which he was not unnaturally proud. At the age of six he began alozei system. and quickly iatheeeFrreneh, English, and Latin becamet obe educatedp r o fi e i6no tntlle P language'. When 17 years old he was sent to the Han- nyerian Guiversity of Crottingen, where he formed a ' friendship with John Lethrop Motley, the American uy higt„i",eshe was a fellow-stadent. lie was chiefly dig- for his duels. G n erma sdi-t57 wide notoriety by their n future Chancellor surpassmd at itnuedu,instbs edh a have ,tc hrai n a v world-wide ar t,r those at Gettiagen in his time. H is pro- pensity to 50Pr deecu tt'laelilu al '42 buteo duels, in all of which he came e and was dubbe the " fighting strident." Ia off fought hn°la victorious, the last year of his term, however, he applied himself with sefficient diligence to enable him to piss an exam- inationequalifYing turn for the law, and he ebtained an apperlntment 1? ous of the'Berlin superior courts. At the age of 32 he enterel political life. lie was elected,lia 1846, a deputy of the Diet of his province, d the Junker,or Extreme it gat, party. It may be noted that lee catered political life as a ;ore-Austrian. aae alsdo a member of the General Diet. Ere soot' took irs t lineel 0 f the follerwine year he entered up sa his diplomatic career tring appointed Prussian Ambassador to the , German Federation at Frankfert-on-Maiee. Daring the post, his views as to the Aus- trian ascendency in the Confederation under went a corn- eight years he filled this plots change,and he determined to direct all Isis energies to the destruction of Ausir a's predominance. The first striking indication of this anti-Austrian feeling was the opposition he offered to the known wish of the King to aid Austria in her war with Francs and Italy in 1359. ;About this time he was transferred from Frankton t St. P, tershurg. Soon 4fter, he orro'e a letter to the Pruslian Foreign MiuiA e. giving his views este the po- sition of Austria and Prussia in the German Confedera- -1 tion. This letter Vifi,it pi hlished some years atter, when the leading idea it contained had been realised by tae consummate diplomatic skill and statesmanship of its :author' supported by the melitary prowess of his country- men. In 1862 he was appoint q.l Ambassador la Paris. The Emperor of the Frenceeto whom he was a persena grabs. in conaequ.nce of his trieadly attitude to France and Italy in , he Franco-Itslo-Austrian war, conferred on him the Grand Oros, at the Legion of Honour. His in- tercourse with his rilajesty did not, he tells us, give him en. high opinion of the eothical sagacity of Napoleon. In September of the same year he was ref:afloat Berlin,and , appo:ntsd Presidenc of the Prussian Miaist:y. Th 3 pro- , longed contest between the King and his alirsisters on the one &de, an I thi floesie of As-emb yea the ethic, had already become embittered. But the Minietry as a whole was weak, licking a leader with th e r qaisite ' boldness to break down the opposition raes et against the mditary policy. Theref ire it was that t tO King recalled Bismark from Paris. The new Premi -r aid nut diem). po nt his Majesty. A powerful Prussan Army WAS a ! neces.siry instrument to c irry out tile scheme already metui e, I in his mind. The depu- ties forming the majority iu the House had no belief in or sympathy with big'' Hood and iron " po ice, and they ref se Ito vote the Bulge's. The King and his Minister than vaolyeri, witlt is sanction of Lltt! Upper allls to rase toe money otherwise. Tia-, Fit- tings of the Parliament were adjourned si ,e die, and an oromanee wasissued for gagging the pie 8, use most influential journals of the Opposision toeing pro- secuted for their attacks on the imeoestitu- dotal methods pursued by the Government. All this time the reorganisatien of the army Was being pushed rapidly forward, and Bismark was plying his skull as a diplomatist. Ile invited Count Karolyi, the Austrian Ambassador at Berlin, to discuss with him in a confidential conference the position of Prussia and Aus- tria in the German Confederation. In this conference he contended that it would be much better far Austria if she were to transfer her centre of gravity to Pesth in- stead of seeking to plant it in the German Confederation to the exclusion of the legitimate influeace of Prussia,; and he plainly intimated that if his advice were not heeded, Austria would find Prussia in the ranks of her 'enemies at the first opportunity. The conference led to. no result. A momentous event was the death of the King of Den- mark, on the 15th Decombrr, 1863. It opened up the dispute respecting the sovereignty of the duchies of Schleswig-Holstein. Denmark war invaded by the allied Prussian and Austrian troops. The Danish army was overwhelmed and subdued. After the war, the allies ,quarrelled over their spoil—the two duchies of Schleswig and Holstein—and Bismark perceived his chance to humble Austria, and thus solve the problem of supre- macy by the sword. The outbreak of this conflict, in May, 1866, consummated Bismark's unpopularity, so that when, on May the Bth of that year, a young student fired five shots from a revolver at him, without touching him, popular sympathy was more with the would-be assassin than with the intended victim. The war lasted only a few weeks, ending in a crushing defeat of the Austrians. The Prussian Premier, created a count after the war, succeeded in organising the North German Con- federation, comprising 22 States, The King of Prussia was at the head of thefederation. having Count Bismark /as his Chancellor, or Prime Minister. The Legislature I consisted of a Federal Council, in which the sovereigns of the various States were directly represented, and of a common Diet,or Parliament, the members of which were elected by universal suffrage. Count Bismark had suc- ceeded in concluding secret treaties of alliance, offensive and defensive, with Bavaria, Baden, and Wurtemburg. with a proviso that in the event of war the King of Prussia should have the chief military command. The connection with the Southern States of Germany forint d with the new Curare :oration was, it will bi seen only by a loose and unreliable tie, hut it was ere long to be tightened by the " blcod and iron " cement into a close union forming a cempact German Empire. The event which led to this unification was a war with France. It was while the victorious Germans were awaiting the surrender of Paris that the unification of Germany, for which Bismark had been working so effectively during many years, was consummated, by the hailing of King William as Emperor, in the palace of the French sovereigns at Versailles, on January 18th, 1671., The Emperor-King was net unmindful of what was due to his soldier-Minister, who, among other honours conferred upon him by his grateful Sovereign, was raised to the rank of a prince, and appointed Chan- cellor of the new empire. On the conclusion of peace between France and Ger- many,in May, 1871, Prince Bismark devoted himself mainly to the consolidation of the empire, and with that object in view used his influence as the " arbiter of Europe" for the maintenance of peace, taking every opportunity of playing the part of " honest broker" iii the settlement of disputes amongst the Powers. In con- ducting the internal affairs of the empire, the most no- table feature of his policy was his prolonged struggle with the Papacy,during which the Jesuits were expelled from Germany; but on the ',hole the result may be des- cribed as a. 7 drawn battle." Not unfrequently he too cern° into antagonism with party leaders in the Reichs- rath in carrying out measures of home legislation, but from the time his policy for the unification of Germany first bore fruit in the victories won in the Bohemian Campaign till the day of his death, he was beyond all comparison the mcst popular man in the Fatherland. During the lifetime of the Emperor William his power was undisputed. A grateful master paid constant tribute to his devotion, sagacity, ard services. The Sovereign reigned, but the Chancellor governed. In at political movements one hal to reckon with Prince Bis- mark. The aceession to the throne of the present Em- peror, however, inaugurated a new st o, things. His Majesty WAS young, and Remark was there to advise him ; but the Emporer had older views. They did not transpire immediately. He commenced his responsibility by indicating to everybody that he inteuded t be his own Mentor. Thus strained relations came about in a gradual way, and ultimately led to Prince Bismark's re- tirement from office. He was afterwards induced to accept nomination for a Hanoverian constituency, and was returned to the Reichstag ; but his active career was virtually over, not withstaading the popular demon- strations of confidence and affection which were freely offered to him by his countrymen, and all the more heartily when the enthusiasm might be construed as a protest against the treatment he received at the hands of the Emperor. The two principal figures in Germany made their peace not very long age, and the Iron Chan- cellor was then on good terms with all the world.

II'UR-.----1--SKIN RUGS Dressed, Cleaned, and Line -12 Fur alterations a every description. —B. COOK E Manufaeturieg Furrier, 21Ren5haw-atreet„L Mogi. Es- tablished 24 years.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON F6OTBALL CLUB

ATHLETIC SPORTS.

These sports were held as usual,on Bank Holiday. From all points of view they were a complete suc- cess. The weather was good aßil the attendance probably better than any previous occasion,between six and seven thousand people viewing the pro- ceedings. The surface of the track was in excellent condition but owing to the corners being fl it there was an element of risk about the cycle races. This risk was proved by the frequent spills which occurred, particularly in the novice races. Fortu- nately none of the falls proved serious to the riders, though one or two macoines were wrecked. Of course there is only one remedy for this i.e.a banked I track, which Warrington district is sadly in need of. Warrington was fairly well represented in t entries for the events, but more prizes were secured I by local athletes in cycling than in flat racing. The ! boxing competition winch aroused considerable I interest,was won by an outsider,who for the second occasion, with an interval of a year, carried off the I cup. In the one mile bicycle handicap, Warrington men secured the three position& The following were the officials :—Clerk of the couroe, II Ashton, starter, T Wainwright ; judges, Messrs. J Evans, T Bowers, W R Andrews, and W Lomax; judge of boxing competition, M J Davies. committee, Messrs G Smith, W Hewitt, W Hill, I) Isherwood, flee- soon, J,T Thorniley, J Wickett, J T Bate, J W Evans, W Nevins, and W Dillon; handicappers, W Platt, hcpu. treasurer, T Pemberton ; hon. secretary, J E Warren ; H Pick avance, N. C. U.

100 YARDS HANDICAP. This, the first event, W 45 divided into eizht heats, no firA in each heat to run in the second round. The follow- ing were toe wieners of tile heat; Barns,St. Helens; S 11,83, watmlo ; E Elickson, Wigan ; F W Diniel9, N.lntwvich ; J Illaketnan, Barslem ; C E Beaton, Bootle : F Webgter, Warrington; B Bolton. In the second rouud,,toe fo lowing secured plates to run in the final : —E aicksoo, Wigan ; S RoNe, Waterloo ; B Mosley, Bol- ton ; and C E Heaton, Bootle. In the final, E (below, Wigan,secured the firm: prize (ea.se of cutLry,s3 pieJ4); B atostey, lloltoi,!.e ;oud prz.: nix bottle cruet).; 4na s Waterloo, third pflz s (iilver-plated tour cup egg frame).

===== 0002601_18980805_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
203 YARDS NOICAP.

This handicap was run in tour heats, the firs: and second ot eacn heat c.)mpetlo4 in the tiaals. Toe fol- lowing won their heats :—E ilickson, Wigan ; J Warrington ; J L Uunc, Waton ; J firdemson,Warrinv,- ton ;J G Hackett i, S alcv ; IV Hirnett, adtruiebain ; G Crowe, Belfast; Ind Mosly, Bllcon. Toe fit priz • in I he'firial wAs woo by E Hicks )a, Wigeri, (in able striking chck, sod pic 4.f orpuz i orriamen s); G Cro.ve, Belfast, sec mri pr z (silver-plated spirit kettle and stand) ; aria J L ilulme, Dentin), wird rze (s.heroid barometer),

===== 0002601_18980805_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE MILE NOVICE BICYCLE HANDICAP.

Four heats were run in this bicycle handicap, the first and second competing in toe final. The following won their heats :—Richard Green, Greenheys ; it Tebutt jmr, Widnes ; 1) Gooper,Warringten ; P Tipping, Latch- rod ; J Ray, Sankey ; J a Leavy,Aitrincham; J Dace, Altrincham, and A W Johnson,Manchster. The race for the final resulted in A W Johnson,Manchester,taking first prize (case of cutlery 34 pOces) ; J Ray, Sankey, second prize (silver plated fruit, sugar, and cream frame) ; and J Dace, Altriachain, third prize (silver plated teapot).

===== 0002601_18980805_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
9 STONE BOXING COMPETITION.

There were six not s for this competition which was conducted under the Amateur Boxing A3sociation rules. There were three rounds each of trine minutes duration. M. Jefferi, Warringloa, was &awn to contest win W. Fairclough St. 11,1 ens. Jeffers took the offensive in the first and second rmnd but n-rt always rdachlog his mark counted against him whaa he missed. In the third and final rouni. Jeffers exertions had evidently told upon him for Fairclough had the best of matters during the whole round,Fairclough finally winning on points.T. ' Burns Widnes,was drawn again,t W.Kelly, Warringtuu- Although the Widnes man was conceding S mao weight to the focal men, his neat and clever boxing more than made up for it. He st3etned to hate ti o s; of each round. The Warrington man's style was much too open and his hitting was weak and ill judged and Burnes won on points. C. Mils, Birmingham wai given a bye and west through his torso rounds with his attendant. Mills and Fairclough were drawn against each other for Ih3 next round, Bures having a bye. The St. Helens man was no mach for Mills, whose long reach and finished style carried him through the three rounds with considerable credit. Mills and Burns then contested for the first prize. The first and second rounds were quite sufficient proof to the re- feree of the superiority of the Birmingham man and ilia contest was cmsldorately stopped before the second round was quite over, C. Mills securing the first prize (solid silver cup) ; and T. Burns Widnes, the second prize (silver English Lever watch).

ONE MILE BICYCLE HANDICAP. This handicap wai rue in four heats. The first and second in each heat being eligible to run id the final. The following won their heats :—J Gudgeon ,North wicb- W Collin,Warrington ; J H Leavy,Altrinchatn ; E Cnar- nook, Warrington ; S P White, St. Helens • D Cooper. Warrington ; S Grant, Warrington ; and H 'Beckett, St, Helene. There was a capital race for the final,Warring- ton securing all the honours. W. Collin (cratch man) took first prize (gentleman's completely-fit f3:l dressing bag) ; E Charnock. Warrington, second prize (Courteen day marble striking clock) ; and S Grant, Warriogt third prize (silver plated toast rack),

===== 0002601_18980805_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO MILES BICYCLE - HANDICAP,

Considerable interest was manifested in this race. The first and second in each heat were to run in the final and the following secured their places in the three heats: Bullen,Newtop; J Dace, Altrincham ; W Collin,War- rington ; S Brelsford, Stockport ; E Charnoak, Warring- ton ; and G D Ball. Alaucheacer. In the final race Brelsford, of Stockport, who was receiving 120 yards start from Collin maintained his lead from the first al- though both Collin and Charnock worked hard to get on level terms. Charnock just managed to beat Collin (who had conceded him 15 yards start) in the final sprint for the line. The result was 8 Brelsford, Stickport, firs: prizs (silver plated tea eel and oak mounted tray) ; E Charnock,Warringtoa,second prize (silver plated six Cup egg frame) ; and W Collin, Warrington, third priz3 (fourteen day marble timeniece).

===== 0002601_18980805_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
880 YARDS HANDICAP.

This handicap wa ru—n'a Tii-o—ne—heat. There was a fair number of entries though Warrington was not woll represented. A Birtwistle,Northwich,roceiving 17 yards start, from the scrat 1h man, secured first prize (gold albert); J Hovland, Nsw Brighton, second priz ) (case of three pairs of carvers);and J Butterworth,Runcorn,third prizs (silver-plated biscuit jar),

===== 0002601_18980805_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE MILE FIAT EILEDICA.P.

—„— Warrington was well represanted in this race as re- gards entries. J Waldo. S. Helens, secured first priz3 (silver Englign centre ssconds chronograph); A D Mather, Widoes,second prize(three bottle liquor frame); Ind G W Eastwood, Sankey, tnird prize (silver-plated four bottlo cruet. The Warrington Borough Brass Band rendered a good selection of music during the afternoon and at the coo. elusion of the sports Mrd.C)uncillor Evans presented the prized to the successf at compstitors.

TIIRDA.T IRRIPATIIN AND COT:GlL—Soreness and dryness tickling and irritation. inducinz cough and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use Epps' Glycerine Jujubes. In contact With the glands at the moment they are excitei by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agr,eatale con- fections becomes actively healing. Sold only in tins, Md. and le.lid ,labelled. " JABIES EPPS & Co., Limited, Nooneo. pathic Chemists, London." Dr. Howe, in his woik on " Nose and Throat Diseases." says: "The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubted service as a curative or palliative agent," while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary. writes : " After an extended trial, I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of considerable benefit in elmcat, all forms of tistoat disease. '—.eldst

===== 0002601_18980805_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
To the Lady of the House.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL VOLUNTEER INTELLIGENCE

THE WARRINGTON MEN IN MARCHING COLUMN. On Monday eveaing the Warrington Volunteers, or to , be more precise,the Ist V.B. South Lancashire Regiment returned to their headquarters, on the completion of three days' most useful and practical work in the shape of marching and camping under service conditions. This is the first year a marching column has been attempted by the Warrington Battalion,and is,we understind,to be an annual fixture. It isceitainly anether great step in the movement t 'wards rendering the Volunteer force !practical soldiers fit to take the field when called upon to do so,an object which, judging from the test just I applied, the men themselves are most willing to further, and the thanks of the country at large are certainly due ' to the men whe devote their holidays to the work of the nation. " Heavy marching order" was worn through- out,and a very limited camp equipment was taken, orders having been issued that this was to be limited to 401 b. each for officers, Mb- fer non-commissioned officers, and 8113 per man, which was strictly adhered to. Luxuries were therefore, conspicu- ous by their absence. All of the battelion who could attend paradei on Saturday afternaon under the Com- mand of Colonel Ridgway and the following officers : Major Buck,on, Captains Appleton, J. D. Fairclough, B. Fairclough, Captain Adjutant Rooms, and Captain and Quartermaster Hutchinson. Owing to the start being in time afternoon the first day's march was t 3 Whitley Gorse, where camp was pitched on arrival in a field kindly lent for the Occasion, and the evening meal cooked, after which the men "snugged " down for the night. Early next morning the camp was astir, the bugles sounding the reveille at 5.30 a.m., and by 9.30 the hattalionwas again on the march, having had breakfast, struck the tents, and packed the camp impedimenta into the transport waggone in the interim. This time the objective was Vale Royal Perk,and the Cheshire lanes proved hot end duity to the men in their heavy equip- ment in the still air and heat of the morning. In spite of this,hewever, the column marched well and with a good swing, the experience of the previous day showing beneficially in the improved marching. On arriving at Vale Royal a camping ground was kindly indicated by Mr. Jeckson, scent to her I Delamere, who in the and otlesr ways most heartily assist 3d the bat Alien during their stay, and in very quick time camp was again formed and in full swine. :As it was Sunday, the men had an alterneon and ecening t) themselves, many of them atten ring service as Woitegate Church. Monday morning was fidel up in the early part by peradee for instructonel work in came duties. arid es easy spell to prepere for the long march back t I War- rinet Alter mid-day dinner camp was again struck. and the colome start el puncteia'l4 a 2.30 p.mearriving avythWitelerFri—ngat,onwanbaonumt oati,lriateine hour'smn 88 awhtta:li t: at work. As the dust-roeere celumn smile up Bridge- Sof etarreir w'tohr.ksuw'tealiludeliwe.oarkerwnaliik°particulaay noticeable On their return to head varcers, afie: being mended by the Calowl for t .eir good mar :hinc,s and seldierlike behaviour the men Were dismissed to their homes, The march was not enlivened be the Regimen- tal e with the exception of Betidmarer Arm- strong w who mered the whole way, did not a and a who, few dithe idea of marching and playing also. 'tlnpe Besaeanra'i, ntw o who did go, however, did their bast to fill the deficiency, and were heartily cheered be the men for , doing so. The commissariat arrangements were looked after in their usual complet3 and satisfacto.y wee, by the Quartermaster kCeptain Hutchinson) and Quarter-master Sergeant Fetter. Of the men who marched out five only returned invalided in the Regimental ambulance, from causes due to the strain of rapid march with a heavy kit in hot weather, and this is a v.ry ni•olitabie recent THE LYMM VOLUNTEERS AT CUERDEN HALL. On Saturday the Lymm contingent of the 3rd V.B. Cheshire Regiment assembled at headquerters,under the command of Captain J. E. G. Groves,to march to Cuer- den flalaThelwell, in response to an invitation from liar. , R. A. and Miss Naylor. Headed by the band, under the direction of Drum-Major Riches, the corps quickly ar- ' rived at Thelwalewhere they were received by the hot and hostess, who had invited a number of ladies and gentlemen of the district for the after noon's preceedings, The Volunteers were soon busy about the lawns playing croquet,bovels, tennis,and other games which were pro- vided for their amusement. Light refreshments were carried round by the ladies, and at intervals the band played selections of operatic music for dancing. Tea was served in a very tasteful manner in the large Temper- ance Haleafter which sports were held in a field adjoin- ing the hall grounds. Throughout the day the hall was thrown open,and much evident enjoyment was afforded i by a ramble through the beautifully appointed rooms. A farther move was afterwards made to the Temperance Hall for supper,and after some songs the prizts for the ! snorts were diatributed by Miss Thuretoo, sister of the " Rector of Lymrn,who was unab'e to be present. Votes of thanks were given to Mr. and Miss Naylor for their kind hoepitality.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Ducting Saturday 23rd July 1898. During the week the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. I Warrington Registration District 49 16 The excess of births over deaths was 33. The Birth Rate was equal to 405 per 1,000 of the population. The • death-rate from all causes was equal to 132 Per 1,000, against 132 the average of the previous 4 weeks, and against 13. the corresponding period of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to nil per 1,000. against 9.2 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks, and against 18 the corresponding period of 1897. The Imes of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 4 2 2 6 2 16 The deaths included-1 from diarrhcea 2 from phthires 3 from lung diseases, 2 from heart disease, 8 from all other causes. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week:—Nil. Total number of patients in hospital for week ending July 23rd, 2. METRonoLociv—The mean temperature was 61 Fah., and therefor.: 1.4 deg. higher than the Preceding week The maximum temperature 73F., was recorded on the 18th inst., and the minimum temperature 91 F., on the 21st inst. The rainfall measured 1.0 inch. The general direction was S.W. the reading of the anemometer denoting 725 miles. JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

Ltvzneoozlostes.—Liverpool is ab'e to produce s.nrin wonderful sight, in the way of snipping, but to the sc msomed eyes (ef tilos,. who frequent the river muah that is most interrsting is apt to pais un- noticed. In tha year 1786 there be'ongel to the port of Liverpool 465 vessels, vi,tri an aggregate of 49,541 tops. Now there are several Liverpoot shipping companies which individually exceed this tonnage. The White Star Line, alone, possesses over 126,000 tons of Et ^ani thippiog, shorty to be increased by the leviathan " Oceanic," a 17,000 tons. Oa Friday evening's tide. this Company's steamers entering and leaving (1)01 represented a total of 25,769 tons, viz., •• 9,965 tons ; " Georgic," 10,077 t)ris ; " Tataric," 5,727 tons ; these firee steaineri being equal in tonnage to about 230 Liverpool ships in the year 1786.

"WEDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, AND LP mounted in Glass Cases any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Deale in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass shldes, Stags Heads. Cabines. Store Boxes, Nets and al Requisites for Butterfly end Egg Collectors .—B. COOKE Naturalist rod Furrier, 21, Renshaw - stniet, Lir erpoo Established 24 years.

WARRINGTON.

THE OLIVER STREET TRAGEDY.

The Warrington convict, James Bate, who was reprieved when under sentence for the murder of his wife in Oliver-street, Warrington, two years ago, was on Saturday visited by his parents, who journeyed to Portland Prison for the purpose.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TEMPERANCE FEDERATION.

One of the most succesiful of the open air Tem- perance Meetings organized by the Federation, was held on Sunday evening July 31st, at Bridge Foot, under the presiden6y ot Mr. Drury, the speakers being Mr. Patrick O'Brien and Mr. U. Taylor, Police Court Missionary. They had a large and apprecia- tive audience and at the close of the meeting several pledges were taken. WARRINGTON AND BANK QUAY SAILING CLUB. There was a very successful boat race in connec- tion with the above club on Monday, the course being from Widnes, round a buoy moored near Wal- ton Arches, and back to the east end of Thewlis's wail. The boats were handicapped half a minute per foot on length measurement. A good race re- sulted in Mr. S. Leigh's Ernest winning, with Mr. harry Burthem's Not Allowed second, and Mr. R. Warburton's Nellie third. MERTINGS OF SPIRITUALISTS.

On Sunday the platform at the meeting in con- nection with the Warrington Society of Spiritual- ists was occupied by Mr. J. U. Macdonald, of Patti- croft,who in the afternoon delivered an address on " What must I do to be saved ?" and in the evening dealt with questions sent up by the audience in a very able manner. At each meeting the speaker gave clairvoyant delineations. Tnis was Mr. Mac- donald's first Sunday visit to the Warrington so- ciety, and his addresses gave great pleasure to the audiences.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
PICNIC TO BUXTON.

The members and teachers of the Bold-street Wesieyen School and Wesley Guild had an enjny- able trip to Buxton on Bank Holiday. The party departed from the Central Station at 8.15 a.m., and after a pleasant ride reached their destination at H a.m. Daring the day they visited Pool's Cavern, and other interesting places, and the outing was greatly enjoyed. Tea was partakeo of at Fleetwood's restaurant, and the party commenced the return journey shortly after 8 p.m. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Lunt, the secretary, for making such satisfactory arrangements.

TiE VoTErts' LISTS. These lists are nowpi bliAe,. and can he seen affixed to the notice boards at the churches and chapels,the Liberal Club, and other public places in the town. Liberals will and it to the interests of their party and themselves to examine the lists and see that their names and qualitications are properly de- scribed. In case of error or omission they should at once comoaunicate with Mr. Clayton at the Liberal Club Bewsey-street. All lodgers paying £lO a year and upwards and who are without a vote would also do well to consult Mr. Clayton. Claims for the revising barristers' court to be held in Sep- tember must be made before the 20th inst. WYCLIFFE Y.P.S.C.E. A. lecture was delivered before the members of the Christian Endeavour Society in Wycliffe Hall on Tuesday evening by Miss L. fl. Barnes, from Hang- chow,China. Iler subject was " Missionary work in China," and during her very interesting lecture she exhibited a large number of curios. There was a large audience,and Mrs. rouge took the chair. ' A few words were spoken by the Rev. John Yonge and Mr. George Wallington. A vote of thanks was accorded to Miss Barnes and the meeting termin- ated. TREAT TO THE PADGATE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL

CHILDREN. The Cheshire Lines Engineers' Club very kindly entertained the children of the Industrial Schools on Saturday. The children, accompanied by the Superintendant, Mr. Wright, assembled on the Cheshire Lines ground in Battersby-lane about two o'clock The first item was a cricket match, the members of the Cheshire Lines club batting.bowling and fielding, left hand, whilst the male children of the school who bad been selected played the ordinary game. During an interval foot races for prizes took place the events numbering 13. The handicapper was Mr. W. Nevins, the starter Mr. Irvine, and the judges Messrs. J. T. Smith, F. Deeley, and W. Kilduff. At the conclusion of the cricket match the children were regaled with buns, &c., and bags of nuts and sweets. The girls of the school could not take part in the proceedings, but they were not forgotten, ample provision being made for their enjoyment at home. Amongst the guardians present on the field were Messrs. Ash- croft and Alfred Jolley, who suitably thanked the members of the club tor their kindness. Mr. Hill responded on behalf of the cricket club.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL MARRIA.GE.

A large assemblage was present at the Friars' Green Chapel on Tuesday afternoon to witness the nuptials of Miss Elizabeth Bradford Bramhall,seconA daughter of Mr. William Bramhall, of Manchester- road, and Mr. Walter James Birch, of Orford-lane. Both parties having been connected with Friars' Green Chapel for many years. The ceremony was performed by Mr. Thomas Barton,uncle of the bride, The wedding gown consisted of electric blue silk trimmed with white chiffon. The bride carried a handsome bouquet. the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were Miss Bramhall and Mrs. Broom- head (sisters of the bride), and Miss Birch (sister of the bridegroom), who also carried pretty bouquets, the gift of the bridegroom. Mr Harry Birch acted as best man. .jr. Critchley, organist, played the usual selections before and after :the ceremony, whilst as the welding party left the chapel be played Mendelsso , lin's ' Wedding March," Confetti , was showered on the happy couple, and a reception was afterwards held at the Masonic Rooms. Here the wedding breakfast was served, nearly fifty guests being invited. The health of the bride and bridegroom was proposed infelicitous terms by Hr. T. Barton, and in responding Mr. Birch thanked his many friends for the kind expressions which bad been extended to his wife and himself. The guests included Miss Atkinson (lorwich), Mr. and Mrs. Dyson (Bolton), Mr, and Mrs. George Mounfield, Mr and Mrs. John Mounfield, Mrs. Meadows (Staly. bridge), Mr. Mrs., and Miss Barton. Mr. and Mrs. Hutchinson. Miss Whittle, and Mr. W. Whittle. Many wedding pregents were received. The honey- moon is being spent at Morecambe.%

HOLIDAYS IN "WILD WALES."—Wbere tea en for a holi- day is apr iblem which CJITIOS up for solution every summer and hundreds of p iotolta dad that an esiT and atogother satisfactory way of settling the difficulty is to hie tinemselvet to Wales. Either inland or on the sea board placas ef beauty a-e plentiful as the heather oa the hills in "Wild Wales." A favoured route into the Principality is by the Cambrian line, which passes through soma of the loveliest scenety ere reaching the coast, and then skirtt the shores of Cardi7,an By for 70 miles. The Cambrian Railways Comp tny have just bisuei an iFtutratad pamphlet whica not only dilates upon the pictures and attrac ions of the Welsh holidty resorts, butprovM's the tourist with a list of hotels,inn., farmhouse and country locliziogi in the district served by the Cambrian Railways. Copies of this " guide, pullcropher, and friend," can be obtained from the secre-ary to the Company, (Mr. C.S. Denniss) at the (A metal Manager's office, Os westry.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEEC ET DAY AT TETE GItAMIR SCEIOOL.

DISTRIBUTIOS OF PRIZES.

Last Thursday the Warrington Grammar School pre- sented a gay and festive appearance quite in the keep- ing with the occasion, which was tkat of the annual distribution of prizes secured by the individual merit of the scholars during the year's work.—The Rev. E. J. Willcocks, M.A., presided, and was supported on the platform by the Rev. Canon Tyrer, of Liverpool, who came to distribute the prizes. There was a large and fashionable attendance includ- ing :—Mr and Mrs Mason, the Rev J and Mrs Langham, Miss Sanders, Mrs Birch Browne, Mr and Mrs Bolton, Mr and Mrs and the Misses Wosds' Mr aid Mrs W Chantry, Mr and Mrs Jones, Mr and Mrs Weaver, Me and Mrs Hesketh, Mr and Mrs J Burgess and Miss 1331- lands, Mr and Mrs Box, Mrs Crossley, Mr and Mrs J Reynolds, Mr and Mrs Dale, Miss Dale, and Mrs White, Mr and Mrs F Taylor, Mrs and Miss Cozen, Mr Crossley Mr and Mrs Rose, Mr and Mrs Knowles, Mr and Mrs Corney and Miss Csrney, Miss Handcock, Miss Riley, Mr Mrs and Miss Thompson, Mrs Owen and Miss Daisy Owen, Dr and Mrs Murray, Mrs and Miss Rsynelds, Mr and Mrs Poole, Mrs Balmford, Mr and Mrs Belford, Mr and Mrs Dunn, Mr and Mrs Partingten, Mr and Mrs Segar Owen, Mrs Pickmere and friend, Mr and Mrs McGregor, Mrs Dutton. Mrs and Miss Spirits, Mr and Miss Wilkes, Mr and Mrs Brough, Mrs and Miss Pier- neint, Mr and Mrs C S Burgess, Mr and Mrs W Roberts, Dr and Mrs J H Gornall,Mr and Mrs Fincli,Mrs Bennett, and Miss Bennett, Mr and Mrs Miles, Mrs Daintith, Mr G and Miss Belford, Mrs J Weaver, Mr F G Rudd ck, Captain. Mrs and Miss Waring, Mr and Mrs Hulse, Miss Craik, Mr and Mrs Burton and Miss Burton, Sergeant Major Sullivan, Mr and Mrs Herbert Woods, Rev F and Mrs and Miss Slater,Rev Wilson.Mr and Mrs J Gandy and Miss Gandy,Mr and Miss Aestin,Mrs Gorst, Mr and Mrs , J A Gibson, Mr and Mrs T Gibson,:the Misses Ciibson,Mr and Mrs S H Green, Mr and Mrs Turner, Mr and Mrs Piston, Mr and Miss Walsh, Mr and Mrs Atkin, Miss Mason, Mr and Mrs Ferguson, Mr and Mrs Atkinson, Mr and Mrs Milling. Mddle. Blanchet, Miss Chester, Mrs Loy, The Misses Rimmer, Mr and Mrs Green, Mr and Mrs Leather, Mr and Mrs Forshaw' Miss Poole. Mrs Kidd, Mr and Mrs T Davies, Mr and Mrs M`Murray, Mr Halton, The Misses Hatton, Misses Maggie and Bessie Pierpoint, Miss Hilton, Mr Pitt, Mr, Mrs and Miss Rylands, Major and Mrs Burke, and Mrs Westcott, Miss Freeman, Miss Beatrice Freeman, Mr and Mrs Wiukup, Miss flail, Mr and Miss Dobson, Dr White,and the Misses White, Rev E C E and Mrs Carleton, Dr and Mrs J G Gornall and Mr Harold Gornall, the Rev Canon and Mr E Willis, Mr and Mrs Charlton Parr, Rev R and Miss Greenall, Mrs Besmont,and Miss Smith, the Rev J and Mrs Forbes (Bolton), the Mayor and Mayoress. Canon and Mrs Penrhyn, Mr S Sharp, Mr James Faircloush, The Misses Taylor ( Withington), Miss Tyrer, Mrs Willcocks, Miss D D Willcock, Miss Fullagar. The Masters present were :—The Rsv E J Willcocks (head inaster),Mr E Carruthers, Mr J U Fisher Mr J Young, Mr F C Herzog, and Mr W S Woods, (music master), wha presided over the music. The Rev. E. J. Witr,coces, headmaster, who was heartily received on rising said : Ladies and gentle- men, it has always given me much pleasure to welcome you all here on our annual speech day. The continued interest you evince in these proceedings is a great sup- port and encouragement to the teaching stiff of the school. We are trying to do our duty—if hard work and personal interest in the boys count for anything— and I think that the success attending our efforts dot-

log the past year has not been less than in former years. Our aim here is to give a good " all round " general education, not pushing one or more subjects at the expense of others, still in one branch I have always felt we might be stronger and that is in practical chemis- try, but now that reproach—if it be, a reproach—will be removed, for I have great pleasure in announcing that the governing b dy at taeir last meeting decided to build and equip a chemical laboratory and lecture room, and also to make other improvements in the Iclass-room accommodation which will bring us up to the newest modern requirements. It has hitherte been the want of funds that has hindered these eaten- , slons; the necessity has been recognised for many years. The whole school was examined as usual under the Oxford Local Examination Board,anl fifteen boys in the sixth and fifth forms sat for the certificate. The Interesting feature of the examination re/Illne— ss far we as are concerned—is that all our I • , Candidates satisfied the examiners in Latin and mathematics. Our other successes during the past year include .—H Gibson, head of the school, who has won in open competition a classical exhibition at Queen's College, Cambridge ; J Scott, who has passed the preliminary or marticulation examination of the Victoria University ; J Lamb, the preliminary examina- tion of the Incorporated Law Society ; F Weeks, in the recent examination held by the Civil Service Commis- sioners, for boy clerkships, obtained the 29th place out of 384 candidates ; T L Barnes has won in open compe- tition, a scholarship, to be held at a secondary Ballot, and open to boys for the township of Lowten ; E S Kidd, late head boy, and now a scholar of Gaaville and Caius College,Cambridge, has taken the first place of his year, in classics in the college examinations, and has received an addition of £2O to his scholarship from the college authorities. Kidd has also won the Greek testa- ment priz, offered by his college ; G W N Joseph of University College, Liverpool, has been ea arded certifi- cates of honour in chemistry arid biology on the results of his college examinations ; R. D Willcocks, of University College, Liverpool, has passed the interme- diate M.B. examination of the Victeria University, and has also been awarded a certificate of honour in surgery; S. Walton, and J. B. Evans, have passed the intermediate examination of the I ncerporated Law Society ; J. W. Lunt has won an art scholarship of £6O per annum for 3 years, awarded by the Lancashire County Council ; U. 11. Ferguson has passed the foal qualifying examinations with honours. of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons, Edinburgh; A. L. Picton has passed the Anal examinatien and completed his five years' course at the Royal Naval Eogineerine College, Devonport, and has received his appointment as aesistaet engineer in Her Majesty's Navy ; W. H. Payton has passed the final examination and been admitted to the degree of Bachelor of Music, Victoria University ; J. Stanley Francomb, ef Oriel College, Oxford, has graduatsd as B.A. with honours in the Law Schools. We also have to congratulate Mr. J. C. Bate I on his appointment to the office of coroner for West Cheshire. Before calling on Canon Tyrer, who has so kindly consented to support U 3 to-day, to dis:ribute the prizes and certificates, it may be interesting to you to hear the general remarks taken from the report of the examiner, Mr. F. G. Biabant,of Corpus Christi College, Oxf ard, who conducted the examination of the school lase, week :—"To sum up some of the main results I have indicated already taa7, I consider the classical part of the education the backbone of the school. In classics the school appears to MP stronger than it was last year. The mathematics are satisfactory all round. 'rho French this year seems to me better than ever. I must allude to the success or the school in compoeition and unseen translations both in classics and in French, which are the real first-rate tests of good teaching. Also to the wide range of sub- jects taught, which shows that an education based on the classics need not be in any sense" narrow." The style of the papers is good and the writing neat.- The tone of the school seems to me high, and the discipline excellent. The prize competition were more interesting than usual. A translation into verso of one of Horace's Odes produced a keen competition, whieh was won by Gibson. His version seems to me to have considerable merit. For the English essay on " The Reformation " as many as eleven boys competed, of whom Berke was successful."—The speech was frequently interrupted with applause. PRIZE MST, 1898. The following is the prize list for the year. Classics : VI form, Miles ; V form Knowles ; upper INT form, Brough ; lower IV form. Mason ; 111 form, Weeks ; II form, Rebuts ; I form, Ferguson. Mathematics : VI set, Miles ; V set, Burke, ma upper and lower IV set, Thx. Arithmetic : 111 and II sets, Austin; upper and lower I sets, McMurray. Ancient History :VI form, Greek 412-323 B C, and Roman 146 B C-14 A D, Gibson Ma. ; V form, Greek 445-328 B C, Riley. Eaglish History : 1085-1399 upper and haver IV forms, Poole ; 111 and II forms, Weaver ; upper and lower I ' form, Dutton. Science VI set physiea, Reynolds; V met chemistry, I Belford; IV Set physical geography, Critchler. S.riptural Knowledge : Lawlor:a) Memorial (S"•• Matthews with the Greek and 1 S•mual),Dalles;V farm St. Matthew, and 1 Samos! (Rev. M. S'evenson's prize), Cook, ma; IV form, I Kings xii, and II Kings (Rev E C E Carleton's prize) Greene ma' Massingliam Memorial, 111 and II forms, St. Matthew, Weeks : upper and lower 1 forms, Dutton. : Modern Languages (Ds. Gernall's neirls) VI set, Joseph ma; V set, German, Koowles; VI. iot. French, Scott; V set. French, Knowles; IV set, Frencb, Conley ma; 111 set French, Burton ma. Drawing : Shading, Macrae; model, Pierpeint, ; Fr( ehs.nd ,Parti ngton. Writing Lower school, Hankineen. Natural History : (Botany), Hato. English Verse Horace. Odes, 1-9 (Dr. White's prize) : Gibson ma. Latin Elegiacs : "In memoriam, NV. IT. C."—Gibson, ma. Ashton Memorial : Forshaw. Recommended for election to Senior 11 toter Scholar- ship R A Holford. University Eshibition : H Gibson. South Kensington Drawing Certificates, Feeehand : G E ileskesh, El Evans, C W Reynolds; Model, II W D Macrae, C W Ilevnelds. Oxford Local EKa,minatinng,lB97—Smior Candidates, Pass Division : A B Miles. e P Price, J W Scott, Junior Candidates, Honours Dirision, Third Class : G H Joseph (distinguished in Latin and Greek) ; PASS Division, J E Bryant, M J Glover, G T Burke, P Knowles, H Evans, C w Reynolds, W B Forshaw, G H Hosketh, E P Sanders.. Tee pr,zSS were diste bated by the Rev Canon Tyree.

of Liverpool, who at the conclusion of his pleasant duty, delivered an ad Imes. In the course of it he expressed the pleasure it gave him to be present at the invitation of tbe Headmaster to associate himself with the prize distribution. Flo stood before them with pleasure and did fence, hut the difidence disappeared when he realised the character of the prize winners. He WaS pleased to see that the scheol had justified its past records, and maintained its proud position,especially so in these days. As teey were aware there had been called into existence schools aided by government revenue ; and it seemed in the matt( r of secondary education—in the matter of schools:that filled thekap between the elementary school and the university—there was a &sirs for improve. meet. He had only one weri to say to those that had the matter in hand and that was that they would be cooservati vo—conservative to the interests of those who ,in the past had forwarded the work so successfully and well. He sincerely hoped, however, that whatever happened it would not be left in the hands of faddists— and educational faddists at that. He contended that they should not lose sight of individuality, but rather aim for it. Individuality was the power of the indi- vidual, and it was absurd to destroy that power. Ele rejoiced because those schools were a link with the past, they dated back to before the Reformation and showed that there bad been one continuity of effort, and of success, and it was with the utmost sincerity that he congratulated their headmaster upon the situation. (Applause.) To those who had carried off a prize that day, he would remind them that there was a responsibility attached to the privilege. If it was the beginning of the laying of a foundation of future achievement and Success then the responsibility of gaining a prize was a matter of very great congratula- tion. But if it was merely a spurt so te speak, it would be an absolute mischief and an evil. If it was the result of the individual efforts of the prize winner; and not the result of what was beyond their control, well and good. As they knew God had given them differeet kinds of gifts, and some in a greater degree. But their greatness lay in the use they made of tease gifts and not in the gifts themselves, and therefore, if they had only come up to the top without any conscientious effort—it was simply something for which they couldtake no credit.Ele hoped they would go on and make that prize the step- pingstone to greater efforts for SUCCOSS. speaking to those who had been unsuccessful as prize winners that year,be would remind them that true education was the strengthening of the faculties and the storing up of knowledge for future times. Others had the prize—the reward in the struggle they bad started upon, and they should:see it did not stop there. ,•• He was :pleased:to see the number of prizeslthat had been secured for religious instruction. They (the scholars) had solved the religious diliculty—and though someone had said that religious difficulties belonged to the parsons alone, be did not think so, Religious instruction was the best of instruction and they would do well to cultivate it. He requested his hearers ti learn to live goof ; to be in every way those in whom relience could be placed, whether it was a quer tion of word or honour; to be ready to hand over to future generations the rich heritage that had been handed down to them. He ' thanked them for listening to him; congratulated them upon the result, and hoped that God's blessing might shine upon them, even more abundantly than in the I past. (Loud applause.) • The Rev. E. J. Wilcocks then proposed a hearty vote. ; of thanks to the R9V: Canon Tvrer for his kindness in • coming over to distribute the prizes, which was heartily • accorded.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLAYS.

After the distribution of Pi71;;;-, a number of plays were rendered with characteristic clevornr ss by the boys of the school, and were well received. Th..i first "La Grammaire " was a French one, and the dramatis persons as follows :—Francris Caboussat (a retired business man) W B Forshaw ; Poitrirsas (president of the Academy of Erampes), A B wiles ; Afachut (veterinary curgeon), C W Itynolds ; Jean (servant of Cahoussat), F H Cooke ; Blanche (daughter of Caboussat), E Gandy. fhe scene was a room at the house of Cabousaat's, and the plot, though lighr, was suffi iently interesting. A scene from " The Frogs 'of Aristophanes," followed (in the Greek laneu age). and the characters were admir- ably sustained by G E Efesketh, as Dionysus: if Gib- son, Xanthias ; J W Soot, Aeacus ; E A Weeds, Thera- paina Perseplaones.—The concluding piece was a scene from Shakespeare's" Henr s the Fifth" the represmta- Von of which was as follows :—King Henry the Fifth, W D Macrae ; Pistol,J E Bryant ; Fluellan. G if ,p,s,,ph ;French soldier, G T Burke ; Gower, CT Cooke: boy, 11 A Holford.—The plays were well staged. and well did the actors sustain their various parts ; and the objsct of it. to show the thorough tuition of the scholars in the several languages, was doubly aahieved. The enunciation and nronoanciation showed that the training received had b •en of the highest order.—Dur- ing the intervals between the various pieces, the boys rendered a varied programme of songs, with telling effect.—At the conclusion cheers wero given by the bey, for the ladies, the governors, and thv masters, and also . .

for themselves. The whole concludin% With the " National Anthem." •

The wigs and make-up were by Mr Bertram Brown, nf Sankey.strect, and the costumes were supplied by Mr. Buricirishaw, of Liverpool. The stage was elaborately decorated with plants,and flags and bunting were freely suspended from all parts of the roof, adding greatly to the gaiety of the scene.

BANK HOLIDAY AT WAItUINGTON.

The weathertwhich on brdinary days is but a mere platitude and serves to fill up many a gap in a con- versation,is a serious consideration to all of us on a Bank Holiday. However on Monday all doubts as to the weather not being fine were early dispelled by tbe bright appearance of the sky and later in the day the weather developed charmingly. Numbers of people made their way to the villages of interest in the neighbourhood,and a very considerable num- ber left town for Liverpool,Manchester, Soutlfport, Blackpool and Rhyl. Of course the devotees of cycling contributed their share to the holiday makers. Many people were attracted from outside towns to the Football Club Sports at Wilderspool in the af,prnoon, and in the evening the Theatres and Parr Hall were extremely well attended.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
To ,These in Mourning

AT a time when bereavement necessia tates a complete change of dress and extra expense, it is useful to know that he latter can be greatly lessened. Any article of apparel can be dyed a deep, rich, permanent black, by Fast Black

Diamond ,Dyes

===== 0002601_18980805_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
with a

for Wool, Silk, or Cotton. Dresses, trimmings, ribbons, feather, gloves; coats and suits, ties and cravats, etc., can be beautifully dyed and got up as good as new tiny package or two.

A cb.inty little book," 3occessfal Home Dyeing," and 45 samples of dyed cloth, sent gratis and post free. So;d every, here. 3d. and 6d. packets. DIAMOND DYAD, 32 a 32 Anew Hill, London,

* •lIK * * * JP 21/1` 24( ,ity* gc" I PAY ONE-AND- -v- -* FOUR FOR MINE."* 'y." adda the shrew i and th if y * * i °use wife—" whethu• I'm a. home of a 7,..y aoolidarng, 1 alwa, s buy nrrootte, isr Bow 19 4d. Tea, bec 1u e 1v.9 proved it * *over many years to I e be-ter ti a , sly- bo ty eire's tea at the p ice " Sue know * th It two•million pe pie dr;nic Bro ke, 411gBondi' ev,ry thy ; .he hti re d that t.e liar , House , f commons, the chosen of tne Agrb• *Pope, have ciiosco Broo4e, Bonds Tea , bef ire a 'others ; 3.'d ,he i 3 ~ssured that 2.r. *thirty-thou and Area a sell Brocke, Butid.' packe q ev oy,vhero. AB rhese :eat * *facts have iiack •.'-up her o ‘-n op ni )n ablut the tea, and 'he i 9 con vt c d that Alt *rile is right, h.t ;he tea 19 rikh , and >h it the price is r ght. u•hel yo o are asyiy fco yoor 'itt e ho i- 7*: Aff.s4. day,tGis mo-ith, n sist, .. here ver you * ,vg• m' be, on buying littoolca, donna' D a d firo-kl, B aid,' y. 104 to dM a" ''.. t.e ho dry-resorts ju a• tii n,,.d wxt Vic „a., d o 0 your ownh In • EveryAhe e r • 210E1 AL th. •aim' picket, the ,_, roe g laity, Lh •- ..... s)rne price. AL` 10d., 1/-, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, or 2/4 * * A 1, "41'

, AGENTS Air= at the va-cido. a-c 1 at your home-side. --- *BROOKE, BOND & Co., Ltd. 4r *TPA MEncasare Br APParrrr)f Fria. to THE PEIPLE ; IV i 7, bANCASEICRE TN& WARERouns ; 211( 17, PECCA.DILLY. IND ja & 14 Low* TfILLO 4,TE, MANC.EST,M AND AT LONDON, LEEDS AND BRADFORD. 311( .-.. * * 4"Or * * *..-**

A; I, t„ , t kki -ilVt /Ntr• '''',=:-'O-g',- ;•:..., t,"'•€ i.r--;:-.- ,f. 5 - --- - - , sixpe-

===== 0002601_18980805_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; I I

===== 0002601_18980805_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
II

I

A

~ , [ 4 • ' .;•4 , Ilt . 1 , 1 . 1 ; ! i h

===== 0002601_18980805_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; i

===== 0002601_18980805_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
; t .„0

I

I

^

Tr. ri t , :rf

===== 0002601_18980805_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
iiumegtit gotrliantO, &r.

:4

— - WANTBD strong GIRL. No family. Good home. Apply RM. MONKS, Spinner's Arms, Hineley near Wigan.

SOUTHPORTT—SrsaII DIUIPEttY BUSINESS for disposal. For partieulara apply COOPVE 5. West-stroot, Southport.

NVANTED Good GENERAL, aEout 20 ; good references.— Apply COMYESEILL HOTEL, 65, Bridge-street, Bum-

WANTED, good general SERVANT, liberal wages, one wlooan wasla.—Mai. DAVIES, 2% Half Edge-lane, Xenia'.

SQERVANTS Wanting good SITUATIONS should write to Mus. LAIN, Registry Office, 145, Moss-lane Rut, Man- chester.

WANIR TD General SIIRVANT, able to plaht cook and wash; girl to assist.—Apply 555, CREETELAM Hu& Manchester.

WANTED. GIRL, (abo.it 14). fond of children (two) ; small wages ; good Lome.—Address,W„ 171. CEtiracz- NOID, Bolton.

WANTED, god Plain COOK, for the middle of August small family. —Apply Mrs. NORMAN BROOKE. Wood- boBs Hill, Huddersfield.

wANTED, strong MINERAL, also NURSE: must have good references; permauent.—Quaamra BBIDGE HOTEL, Doug•as. Isle of Man.

WANTED. experienced PERSON. to wash, starch. and iron; for six ; good references.—Mrs. BODL E. 16. ' Fairfield-road, Stockton Heath.

WANT RD middle of August, COOK-GRINERAL, must cook well i no washing ; housemaid kept; small family ; wages £l7.—Apply RwronT, Stretford, •WCANTED, experienced GENERAL, able te wash and iron small family ; wages £18; must have good referenees 1 V —.Apply bias Towznow. 50, Gild& Breok-road, Eccles.

WANTRD, HOUSE-PARLOURIKAID. experienced, ab- stainer. help given ; send references. and, if poseible, •photo —Mrs ivrisixa. The Vicarage, St. Helene, Lancashire.

WANTED COOK GENERAL : not above 30: nisemaid- waitress kept : small : good references indis- pensable. Apply, letter only, K BRYN DERIVER, Old Colwyn.

WAN CND, }IOU ai -LID single-handed. plain needle woman, wi ling to ass st waiting table. Church o- England ; state particulars to H. W. '• Examiner" Meet Waren ton.

WANTS% Situation as GARDBNER (head); thoroughly practical; private or market; sliver mecialitst(Jsurnal Borticultur.); married.—P. WII.LL/M.9, Pool lionse.Tilston, Malpas, Cheshire.

• lITANTED. gcod IaRNERAL SERVANT; able 0 wash. iron, and plain cook • family three ; good wsges to suitable girl ; inns, have goc:d references —Write, or apply AVON COTTAGK, Burnage-lane. Withington, Manchester.

MALE and FEMALE ITURSES iii,TITUTION, 70. Hope- street, Liverpool.—Establahed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegriph.—•• Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 570

Mantel).

flOnD EARNINGS at home by the HAnuisole PATENT N_A KNITTING MACHINES.-48, UPPER BROOK-STREET. Man- Cheater.

rilWO AiSISTANT4IISTRB3SES WANTED (Art 50) for 1. glrW alai 3nfsnts'.—Apply VtcAn, S. Stephen's, Dldhsm.

IVAII M;AZIkLi 4AS ) datel 134-1 or oarlter 186, or later ; ale , la tt. Aratia ; ear& givea —Mai or TOMES, Droitwieb. X

ASS' STANT MISTRItS.; Wanted (rt. 50) In mixed school St. le'ens. Salary £5O. Apply Vicen, Holy Trinity Vicarage, St. Helens.

yOUNG MAN WANTED. 355., per week and commission. Regular work. Splendid opening. Address Comoo Weixo Farawortls. Bolton. Lancs.

GOODS.—Ever:. thing for dealers, fur- l" nishern, club 3, Ac. ; Avents wanted; wholesale book free. —Write HENRY MAT, Factor, Birmingham.

HIGH CROMPTON' N. SCHOOL, SHAW.—WANTED, ASSITANT-MISTRESS, Standard IV., Church- woman; salary £so.—AddreBs the VICAR.

WANTED fur c‘sh Po .Mge Stamps (present isms Roglish excepte,) collections or loose ; unused stamps tasked. LUMRIDGE AND Co. 63-6. Chancel-5,41ns London

TOBACCONISTS Commencing. - See Did. Guido (25g pages) free.Tobaccionists' Outfitting Co.,lB6,Eueton-rd.. London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates! res.—Mgr. ki.MYERS.

T IBRRAL WARD SECRIATAriIRS or Official Workers caw ad .1 aa important and remunerative political work to their ordinary daties.—Apply AGENT, 14, Great George-at., Liverpool.

WANTI4D TWO good all rotv d BLACKSMITHS awns- t ,med to engine sad bol!er work, also two or three handy men for taking down and erecting heavy machinery. —Taniais JOHNSON, Pr eaeot t-street, Wigan.

JOHN WALKER AND CO UNDIIIITAKH PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, mix riNG FOR BANKS FEIN PING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR BUILDING sociEr lES, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES,

PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, WINDOW BILLS. PLACARDS. &a:

PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF OrIiARDIANS, PRINIING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING For. SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES,

GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with NeAtness and DespatCb.

- - SPECIALI rY Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions rf gale, Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, te.: Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club Rules,Time Sheets and Books,Note Headinzs,Memorandums,Work Notes,Bill Heads, Business, V6iting and Mourning Cares, Handbills, &c. Solicitors, Merch nts, Manutacture,s, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description are requested to give a trial,

BOOKBINDING! ESTINLATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF EOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT ROOKS RULED, PRINTED AN D BOUND IN ANY STYLE. 7HE "EXAM" STEAM PRINTING WORKS, BEWSH Y-STREIBIL WARRINGTON

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVIATHAN" PLACARD, Single Sheet 51t. 3in. by 31t. 9i, bY joining THE LARGFCST IN THE DISTRICT. A MONSTRB PLACARD may be foamed a number of the .. LEVIATHAS " Sai.FTq• MAMMOUTH POSTERS. A SPIICIALITY DIAMMOUTH POSTHRS. Lancut TyPE XaMMOUTH POSTHRS. FOR MANIMOUTIT POSTERS. 211/3 MOST STRIKING MA laatifirli POSTE 4S. POSTER MAMMOUTif POSTRRS. Prcduced in the Count. MAXIMOITT rt POSTERS. -- TEE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER," PROGRAMMES PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. FOR BALLS. nOGRAMMES FOR CONVERSAZIONE .PRO GRA NI DIES Foie SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FIR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES volt FETES, &c.

Itattls, *lpbrofS, Zoarbinff eltab.

BOSCOBEL HALL, BOURNEMOUTH,—Cousfortable Boarding House, ever sea. /Every comfort ; 355. x

I LANDUDNO,—Maxem.L'e Boarding Establishment L°-'8 Craig Mor Abbey-road, lovely situation; superior accom- modation with every comfort and moderate terms.

D AMSEY, ISLE OF MAN, Hawthernden, May Hill, it APARTMENTS. near shore and glens. Mae. CORLETT.

1-3LACKPOOL.---kpartments, close to Talbot-road Station, I) sea, and new promenade.—Moe. Rom.e.sox, 27, Dickson- road.

BLACKPOOL.—fdrs. PARSONS, 27, Kent-road. off Chapel- street; 4 minutes from Central Station and sea. Reason- able terra..

DOUGLAS, Cos. to Derby Castle.oyerlooking sea, bed, 2!.; Tea, Bed and Breakfast 3s. 6d.—Mrs. AUSTIN', 3, Im- perial Terrace.

LANDUDNO.—Mrs. STEAD, Englefleld, Queen's-road Cralg-y-Don. Public and Private Booms ; board If desire 1 sea view.

LACKPOOL,—Mrs. CHADWICK, 8, Lonsdale-road _LP off Lytham lioad ; Public, Yrivate APAILLITMKNTS near sea; terms mod.

HARROGAPE.—}Iibon Lodge. Park View ; select RESI - MINOR for visitors, with or without board.—E YEDARB. Proprietress.

QCARBOROUGH.--Superlor APARTMENTS, c!ose to sea, tcrms moderate, enclose stamp. —Address, Mai. TATE, 10, Blenheim-street, Scarborough

GOOD ACCOMMODATION for reales, pleasant oountty ; also superior Apartments.—AndreSS MRS. ' BENTLEY, Comberbacia. near liorthelen.

MORMOAMBB.— APARTMENTS. public or private ; near sea and train ; pleasantly altuated.—Mrs. LEE, 9, Malvern-terrace, Sandylands.

1 IOUGLIs .—Mrs. rmaitscas. " Itookwood " 12 Derby- / square, two minutes from promenade. Beds, 23; Tea, Bed, and Breakfast, 3s. 83.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS. with or w•thout board.—Mise llmama+, 12, Alexandra-rand, Promenade, South Shore.

ACCOUCHEMENT.—ii cornfertable Home, with every care and corefort,in heuee of a Certificated Num.-77, Queen'a-road, Evorton, Liverpool.

BLACK POOL —Clean and comfortable APARVIBNT3. at Masfied Lodg., 5) Tyklesley-road ; home from home ; terms mo 'crate ; public or private.

MEW BRIGHTON.--GRIDGExes, 80. Victoria-road, 111 ACCOMMODATION for viiitors, private or public; Cyclists and school picnics catered for.

DLACK YOOL.—Mrs. HINDLE, Stainellffe House, 19, Cook- aen-etreet, near Talbot-road Station, la. per night ; public and private APAhTSIEN TS ; piano.

LACK POOL—APARTMENTS, public and private ;e!O6 I) to Central Station, sea and amusement. ; terms moder- ate.—Mrs. GREENWOOD, 30, Hornby-road.

MORECAMBE.—Cemfertalile homely APARTMENTS, . near London smi North-Western Station and sea ; terms moierate.—Apply Mrs. BILLINGToN, 19, Townley-st.

RAMEEY.—Mrs. WATSON, Bloomsbury House, Ba!lure- APARTMENTS. beautifully situated. close to shore and pier; bath, hot and cold water. Terms moderate

LACKBPOOL. —Mrs. 11. RAYNER, Alexandra House, 98, II .1) Albert-road. ne- r Certral Station and Sea. Publio and Private APARTMENTS. with or without board. Pianos.

&alto bp prtbatt Ereatp.

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 5, 1898.

*tato hp Vribatt 45 mtg.

GAY FRENCH PHOTOS, OABINUTS, 3 for Td ; list free. VARLET, Saito', lii..! Man. x

PuNY.- Sw.all PONY for SALE ; so fault; rising six ; Price El.l.—Mna. BALL, Eaten Hill, Tarporley.

iotarkgs, iiitifattsstsS, ttr.

PONE KCTIONERY, MINERAL EUSINEIS, good poll Lion ; rent, income, low.—J. COTTON, 13, Market-street, Kettering.

A GOOD Chandlery and Hardware BUSINHS3 to by dis- -11 posed of. The leading thoroughfare of Eirkenbead.— Apply 69, WATSON-ST.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
ebt eraMintr AvttttO

ON I..,LAC &WHIZ ARV CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPTPERS: Comprises

IPHE Warrington and Mid-ChesAireExaminer, pub- .& lished every Saturday morning. TER Earlestawn and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. TSt. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday 1 morning, THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning rREPAID ADVERTISEMBITTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE:LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WARTED MONET WANTED, SPECIPIC ARTICLES TOR SALE BY PR/TATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS Wilco.

1101:11ES AND OTMILIt PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLE. Ono Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

, .

===== 0002601_18980805_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Vahlfratfons.

HAIR PRESERVED AND BEAUTIFIED by using the only reliable preparation, ROVILANDB. MACASSAR OIL, winch strengthens and restores decaying hair, eradicates scurf, and prevents baldness ; no other preparation can produce such a dressy and beautiful appearance ot the hair or so ttimulate its growth as lteveLAND3' MICAASAR OIL. If you have never tried it, on are strongly advised to procure a children's hair. Also sold in a Golden bottle at once and continue using it tor your awn and your Colour for lair- haired ladles and childre... Sizes, 3s. 6,4., 75.. les. 6.4. (equal to 4 small). ROWLANDS ODONTO is the most perfect dentifrice, thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all impurities. produces a pearl-like whiteness, and prevents decay. Sold by Storel and Chemists. Write A. Rowland and Sons, 20, Hatton Garden, London, tor cash prices. Avoid spurious Imita- tions.

Splendid Single Stone Diamond Payments taken. RING, 18ct,Gold Setting cost double £8 10S. OD. Cheap at

Gents Very heavy Gold Curb CHAIN Payments taken. stamped im every link £5 109. OD.

WANTBD, to Paretaase Second-hrtnd IBILNBR'S, CHUBBS', or CHATWOOD'S SAFES. -EnvrARD3 AND Co., 108, Whiteebapel Liverpool.

URGL AR and fire-roof SAFE. bY Hipkins; Chubbs double locks; holdtast bands; 48 x2Bx 26 ; £l5. Also two smaller ones, 45s each.—Edwards, 83, Vactorbt-st.,

DEIRRYS HIRE SPAR and TUFA for Rockeries, 3.—JOHN BOND, Beeley, near Roweley,

tikinZ Amazon PARROT, 25s ;Rock Parrot,l2s 61; Tame llonkey 16s 6 L—EDNIONDS, Furrier, Thou.

SPARE Time Employment. Cyclists and others (either sex) required everywhere ; no risk, no OutIay.—TARGET CYCLE DEPOT, 43. Finsbury Circus, London.

PIANO.—New 12 months ago, owner leaving town ; will sacrifice 23 guineas, cash —Apply. CHARLES T, OWEN, C/O F. R. NOBLE, Hallway-street, Altrincham

ATRI NI 0 N y.—Pa rtner described, years prospect', ness, changes. hest placas for surcess,adyice. Send sex, birth time and Is.—Mr. 1203.1,90.1"1eet rd,itarnostparl,N W. x

VT 'DOWER, no encumbrance, la eamy circumstances, would like to correspond with Lady in similar posi- tion. Age about 60, slaw to marry Address Box, 276. ECONOMIC ADVERTISING CO., WOrCIPMer,

DR. HUGO'S CERTOCURE SPECiFIC. Mfg highly successful and perfectly humsless remedy has good the test of over 100 years, and has cured thousands all *Ter the world. Unequalled as a remedy for kidney and bladder ft ouhles, glaet, stricture, discharges, pains le tt.e back and allied uompl date. SPECIFIC AND LOTION 51., PrisT ri-tHB, from DR. HUGO 'II3IiTOCURP. CO • 54 kow-laue, Clieapside, Linden, B.C.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Cprito,

QNAT REDUCTIONS In CYCLE' to CLEAR.—GENTS from £6 lOs • lADIES from £7 ; pnunsatlo tytes. TIM WILDAY CT6LiC Co., The Butte, Coveatty.

SA.FRTY BICYCLS for FOUR SHILLINGS a MIRK Send stamp at once for Illustrated Catalogue aid full par- ticulars to the NOVELTY CO..COVentrY Cycle Works,Readiig.x

===== 0002601_18980805_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Co bt let.

rpo LBT.—GOOD VILVA, with Bath, eta.— PAEGATE- _L. LANE. Apply, T. HARDING

O LT.-LARGE IOOM, Grford-street ; rent £2O Apply ASHTON AND Woo, SoHaltom, Elorsemarket-st., Warrington.

rro LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orfori-st., 1. rent £,3.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors Horse- market-strest. Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SERIES

OP LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

WHICH COMPRISE THE Warrington and Afia'-Cheshise Examiner pub- lish d Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper Comprises many populous manufacturing towns and 'lieges, and a la ge agricu;tural tract. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner and Ashton Colborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field. THE St. Ife.?ens Examiner and Prescot Weekly News pu Wished Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom. ,4,c. THE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. lt is the only Weekly Paper in the district, an offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widncs Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town In the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming en Important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Lege Public Meeting, Sermon Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Adve,tise.nents (exc pt Parliamentary) are inserted n All the above papers at one charge. .oh f the ab we pacers consists of 8 pages, 56 long an wide columns each column admitting more matter than th columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atten lion of both advertisers and subscribers. Bach Kramlne in dition to giving the local intelligence of the district. in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price 01 each Paper—ONE PENNY.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING! PRINTING!

PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT *6 'VI XAMINEIV )PFIC' PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES,

VouJUN &r.

eQuratfun.

HICHIAST AWARD AT TRH EXHIBITION.

GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA.

T. DAINTITII,

GUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER,

SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES,

ROVER. CENTAURS ARIEL% AND OTHER MARES

OF CYCLES,

New Business Address :- 121, BRIDOB-STRBLT, WARRINCITON.

fitontp.

REMNANT SALE OF FRENCH AND ENGLISH DRESS MATERIALS.

GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD., BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, WILL OFFER 3,000 REMNANTS AND ODD DRESS LENGTHS OF VARIOUS PLAIN AND FANCY MATERIALS left over from the SEASON AND CLEARANCE SALE. These are all of a Fashionable and Useful Character, and among them are pieces suitable for CHILDREN'S FROCKS, PELISSES. LADIES' BLOUSES, SKIIiTS AND DRESSES FANCT WORK AND DECORATIVE PURPOSES. The Matrials Include : AMAZON CLOTHS, DENGALINES, POPLINS, NAVY SURGES, COLOURED SERGES, CASHMEREs, TWEEO AND COATINGS, SILK AND WOOL MIXTURES, DAUBS AND (IRENADINES, VELVRTEIANS, ALPACAS, NEWS CLOTHS, &c.

GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD., BA SN ET T STREET, LIVERPOOL.

COOPER AND Co.'s TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. TEAR THE BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED. LEADING. PRICES,

TEAS.

1/2, 1/4, 1/6 & 1/8 PER LB

Unequalled for PURITY, FRAGRANCE and aTZENCITH.

COOPER AND CO.'S

SMOIKD HAMS.

FINEST QUALITY 10 to 121 b. each-6d., 6d.,an4 7d. per lb. BOILED HAMS. SPECIAL QUALITY. Whole 8 to 9 lbs. each Cuts, any size Sliced is. per lb. rirliftSH are GUARANTEED the - FINEST' QUALITY PROCURABLB, and are cooked .bf an entirely NEW METHOD, whereby the volt flavour of the Meat is fully retained. Boned and Drelied ready for the Table. Fully Detailed Price Lists Free.

Central Warehouses—

......... ....--- GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LOVDOSk

Local Branch :- 4, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. WARRINGITON.

4

===== 0002601_18980805_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Olarbinerp, etc.

1

±1

THE occurrence of two or three The Grimsby cornered contests within a month Election. is a remarkable phenomenon, for on the surface it would seem to indicate that we are in process of dividing up our already much divided parties into more minute sub- divisions. But this would be a most erroneous conclusion to draw from the contest at Reading and the contest at Grimsby. The divisions may rmosthe described as purely local. That at Read- ." certainly was. The third party never had any I,"allee,and it would hardly have madea stir at all -Ut for certain local allegations. Tae Grithisby cOntest had some local causes, but they were more 'fixed with general features. The contest was nught about by a change of opinion, and it was xollowed by another change in the locality itself, la the form of a Conservative Secession, the strength of which it was impissible to estimate lintil Tuesday's poll came wita its ravelaHoas. lii 'various constituencies there is rather a gro jug tendency to regard the Liberal Unionists as a minority which could not exist were it not for Conservative self-denying support, and Mr. MELnuisEr's candidature gave expression to this view, not unmixed with several other con- aiderations, difficult to appraise at their proper ''alno outside the constituency itself, and even by L°rae of the best experts who have been sent to tirvimehy to enlighten the readers of their respec- e inurnals. We can now see that the strength of this rebellion has been exaggerated, Mr. MEL- "utast( only polling a little less that Mr. QUELCH, the third man, polled at Reading. Mr. BALFOUR'S letter had, doubtless, considerable counteracting effect. Apart from this third man bogey, which haslbeen so completely knocked on the head, the result is a remarkable testimony to the strength Of Mr. DOUENITY'S position and popularity. He has held the position he had acquired, but with a change in the votes to which he owes it. He has lest some 3,000 odd Liberal votes, but he has car- ried with him quite as many Liberal Unionists and Conservatives,and probably the difference required to make up his total poll may be regarded as repro-. seating personal and social frieads. The result is a surprise, and yet it bears some remarkable re- semblance to what took place at Reading. Mr. DOUGHTY will go back to the House of Cana- Mons in time to take part in the close of the session, and to discover, perhaps, that if the finance of Nationalism in Ireland is peculiar, so Is the finance of Colonialism in the West Indies. For the rest, it may be said that more attention has been given to Mr. DOUGHTY and to Grimsby than either the member or the borough deserve. Circumstances have compelled it, and they will .11,40 compel a contest another time, when Mr. ucarry may have the fate of the wobbling mem- ber who proceded him, and was finally ej so ted 11:!:1121 the representation by no 1033 a person than -Kr. DOUGHTY himself. Lovers of consistency will regret than a sudden perversion has been condoned by a wobbling constituency,but that will probably not be unmixed with praise of Mr. Wirrrairramtm and the gallant fight he has made, and the hope that he may be available and successful another time.

THE German Empire The Garman Empire— will it Last. is generally spoken of as if Prince BISMARCK had left it solid and permanent, superior to external at- tack and internal disintegration. Is it so ? The question must be asked by Germans no less than by other people. It was built up by force, and by force it will have to be maintained. That force is military, and the demands made upon the People for service with the colours, for the subor- dination of commerce to militarism, and for enormous, never-ceasing expenditure are calcula- ted to suggest doubts as to its permanence. Ex- ternally, there is always France, and now there is Russia, by no means as friendly as in former times and suffering from the effects of BISMARCK'S Policy. The establishment of the German Empire 'was welcomed in this country as relieving Europe from. the preponderating power of Russia. But Russia has been growing stronger at a tremendous rate, in armed men, in strategic railways,. le general resources. What Germany was in the late Prince BISMARCK'S hey-day of power, that Russia is now. Austria, moreover, is weaker now than she has been at any time since Sadowa. The Triple Alliance is a poor skeleton of a thing to What it was. The alliance between Russia and 11:rance assures the latter from German aggression, if it does nothing else. France, on the other hand. Will not attack Germany without the assent of Russia, and when that assent is given the German Empire will be in evtremis. The fear is that Austria may break up, and that its German pro- vinces may be added te the German Empire. This Would narrow the frontier of Russia to the south- West, and probably bring about friction between Russia and Germany. These are the external dangers; but they are nothing as com- fared with the internal perils to which Germany exposed. As Prince Bismancic was well Ware, he was not loved by anybody. He made an empire, but it was at a terrible price. He des- troyed political parties, he interfered with the

constitution, and he created Socialism, which neither his laws nor his repressions have dimin- ished. To-day the German people hardly love the •mpire, and it has done nothing to demand their affection. It has reduced their liberty and in- creased their taxes. Emigration to the United States is the great evidence of the lack of affection I for existing conditions. The common people work hard and fare hard. Waat have they in return F. The glory of empire! It hardly seems to be real and satisfying, and to present them with objects for venetation. They were better off in the old days. But they would probably forget their yearn- ings for more equal conditions if the empire were really attacked from without, and they would be compelled to fight by the iron discipline which is part of their Imperial system. Left alone, with an ever-increasing burden of empire, they may be- come revolutionary ; and probably no one has keenerfears as to this evantually than the E,nperor whose mistakes may grow more fatal as he grows older.

IT is always safe to assume tha liWuasubtd A every business man knows his trade better than does an outsider, but on appearances the most casual observer would think that the matrimonial agents were somewhat lack- ing in discretion. They have a way, in the col- umns of the weekly papers, of raising doubt by inverting the order of human experience. The mind is too accustomed to the hard, matter-of- fact, commonPlac sordid character of human e, existence to credit that a banker's daughter, young and beautiful with large capital, should have to appeal to the people because she wishes to marry. Could not the young man of stereo- typed fiction—the banker's clerk, with small pay, Lut of geatle birth—oblige ? Then, too there is that other young lady who desires to me-el with a husband to invest her capital of £12,000. simple that a sophisticated mind is inclined It is so simple at it, and it is only the sophisti- cated who need to seek a wife in such a column. Of course no one can say that there are not private advertisements, but either way it is a pity that any lady with such ample means should not have a few more peace to break the news to srepaadreci ers. Such a brief statement conveys a dark hint of miserliness. It is a point the matrimonial agent should remember. Ode advertiser, i e is interesting to note, has improved on the usual unblushing avowal of loveliness. " Considered good-looking" has a trace of the feminine equivalent for modesty. It will no doubt be copied. Bat it would be still better to throw in a blemish to make the creature human. After all, however, though one may smile at the insiacerity of these appeals to Cupid, be they private or inspired by a profes- sional adviser, they are few and tame compared with the long list of love-lorn maidens and men who figure in Mr. STEAD'S new hymeneal maga- zine. These are credited by the eeLtor as genuine and they suggest that young people are growing hard to please. In some cases a baleful influence of heredity may be visiting the sins of the parents upon the children, or it may be the parents them- selves may be the deterrent. It has been put for- ward that the isolation of country life causes these calls in the open. But for young ladies with means there is always the resource of the board- ing-house, and the personally-conducted tours, in which anyone may play, even in England, the part of a "summer girl," dropping the acquaint- anceship whenever convenient.

Actors and play-wrights are beginning to turn on their critics in a retaliatory and rather un- pleasant spirit. They have taken to prosecuting for libel the writer who dares to say anything against either the play produced by them or their interpretation of the parts, A striking instance in point was afforded at the Liverpool Assizes on Tuesday, when Mr. Edmund Tearle sued the "Birmingham Daily Post" for libel contained in a criticism of a play written by his wife and pro- duced by hinvelf, entitled "The Christian's Cross and the Martyr's Crown." Briefly stated, the case was this. The dramatic critic of the " Post " attended the play in question, was unfavourably impressed with it, and gave the public his un- varnished opinion. We must admit that his con- demnation was a rather sweeping one, and likely to touch the tender susceptibilities of the author. But that is not the point at issue. The criticism was a plain and unbiased expression of opinion from a person whose duty and privilege it was to publicly express the opiniou. Nevertheless the jury awarded the plaintiff 210 damages, and in so doing, we are at liberty to presume, decided that the criticism exceeded the bounds of fairness. Now the problem arises, what is fair criticism ? We certainly cannot answer the question from a legal point of view, though we have our own firm opinion. Again, are actors to be protected—even exempted from criticism? If so it will be an equally bad thing for the stage and the people. Mr. Justice Bruce stated clearly that everyone in a public capacity, including actors, was liable to be criticised. Bat if the criticism can only be exercised at the expense of an action for libel with damages against the critic, then it is not worth much. It is to be deplored that the law does not exact a statement from the jury of their reasons for finding a ver- dict Then there would be some guide as to what is admissible and what is inadmissible.

According to report, gold is not the only valu- able thing to be got at Ktondyke. Mr. Roderick Dhu Smith, of San Francisco, asserts that not only fresh air, bat fresh hair can be had without asking in Alaska. Two years ago he took with him to the new Eldorado a bald and shiny pate, and has now returned with a head of hair" like that of a Circassian girl." Not having seen a Circassian girl in these parts, we are left to imagine what the head of hair was really like. But apart from this, the fact remains that Mr. Roderick Dhu Smith—of what clan P—went to the north and hairless and came back with a most satisfactory crop. Undoubtedly it is remarkable. We have heard of men going to regions adjacent to Kton- dyke with as much hair as ever they had, and coming back with none, not even the scalp. The cause and effect in the two cases differed great:y however. The extreme coldness of the climate in Alaska is advanced as a reason for this sudden profusion of hair on the head of the erstwhile hairless, and another rush to Klondyke is naturally to be anticipated now that the famous region affords the double attraction of nuggets and a cure for baldness innocent of quackery.

The human document which appears in one of the weeklies above the name of Rpsslyn needs to be read in the light of the application for discharge which was heard this week in the London Bank- ruptcy Court. It would be a mistake to get up any sympathy for an Earl who, with heal th,a good name, and plenty of intelligence found £15,000 a year inadequate for his tastes. It is true that in later years this representative of a noble house cut down his expenditure to between £3,000 and £4,000 a year, and that he is at last trying the problem of working for his own living. The most interesting fact he relates in his experiences is that he finds work the best antidote for depression. As an actor and magizine editor, the tune which in- variably hung on his hands if he were not speeding Imoney he now finds to pass most agreeably in earning it. He tells us that he suffers a great deal from anxiety and mental anguish, such as those who toil not, neither spin, do not know; but these are incidents in everyone's life who has to make his own living. The Earl has apparently , learnt a great deal more in the last year than he

===== 0002601_18980805_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER

did in his days of proligality, and there is some reason to hope that when he returns to the House of Lards he may be able to bring to that place a knowledge of social struggles that few of those in it now possess. He will also have learnt from his practice in the dramatic art how to make himself heard—a very necessary accomplishment in the Gilded Chamber.

If the report presented by two clergymen to the Whitechapel Guardians regard:ng the burial of paupers be correct the people have a most serious grievance. It is stated by these gentlemen that when they visited the canetery they found that only in three cases out of fourteen were the bodies removed from the hearse to the chapel. The rela- tives and friends preferred to remain with their ' dead outside the church to going into the church without them, and the consequence was that the ' service was a mockery. Still worse, it is said that in some cases the mourners followed the wrong bybodies through not hearing the announcement y the clerk, though he does not appear to have been to blame. This haphazard, cursory disposal of the dead in the cemeteries in the East End shows that Tom Hood's lines about the pauper's burial are as true to-day as is, unhappily, his description of the seamstress's lot. There is a fine saying to the effect that our ballads are more impirtant than our laws, inasmuch as they influence the sentiment that makes those laws. But this does not work out in practice, and it would seem indeed, that familiarity with social evils makes men who might produce alterations callous to them. Wii en one thinks too, how dead poor are hustled into their graves any sensitive person must shudder to con- template how their last days among the living may be spent.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Guardians was held at Dutton Workho ise on Tue,cliy. There were present Mr. J. M. Williams (ahairman), Messrs. A.. It. Nirman, J. Meadowcroft, 8. raylor, the members or the Rural District Council with Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), and Mr. Georg (deputy clerk). George "It° HOLIDAYS ON THE TRAINING SHIP.

The Local Government Board, in reply to a corn-mini. cation ton tne Guardians sta'ed that they would ba prepared to consider favourable aly applications they might receive from Boards of Guardians t) be allowed to increase temporarily the maximum sum payable for boys sent by them to the training ship " Indefatigable," with tne view of anaagements being made to facilitate the cleaning and repair of the ship.—lt was decided to allow per week extra for 4 boys during the holidays.

. . PAUPER LUNATICS. Mr. Alex Hornby, clerk to the County Asylum Com- mittee, Chester, notified that the rate of inaintenance of pauper lunatics for the quarter ending September 30:h next wag fixed at 75.. per head pr week. ' STATEMENT SNOWING RATR OF PAUPERISM. Mr. Dansey, Leca. Government 13Jard Inspector, sub. mitted a statement of paupezisna and expinditure, (exclu,ive of common char :ea, lunatcs in asylums, and vagrants), fr till half year endme; Lady Day last. In Hirano: n Union the ictcrra;e was 47,100, P-ipo- lation, 42,517 and rateable value £234,945. Tty± number of paun-rs relieved on Ist January. 1898, were :—ln d 0 174, outdoor 725, total 899, as compared with 188.772, and total 958 respectively on the same date of 1897. The pr centage of pauroiiiin to popula ion was 21 as comp,ired with 2-2 in 1897. The expmliture for the half year end. d La,,fy Day 1 kst was in ma'ntenance la3tsm wshelrewiin4 maintenanceaninlrtse gss, £745, out r £1,717, tt al £2,462. For the 4iin, outdoorpe riod o i£118,79371t, hea totalm The cost, per head of the population was is 11 I which la iihe fourth lowest in Cheshire, the lowest being Buck- low 1013.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
SHEDDING ACCOMMODATION.

Mr. Mcin'yre reported on b3hati of t'le commit'e' anpointel to consider the ql,stion of vehicle accommo- dation at the workhouse, t a'. they wee of ^pieion that acco rimodai ion shoe]. Ibe 111 d for ten more vehicles. Comider ible discussion ensue upos the quesi on, but the recommendation wis pylon] illy cirri.l.—fhe Master off rid t) build the she I wi-h the assiAarwm of the men in the house, ruj tot th the app. )val of the estimate he would draw up and lay b Aore the next meeting.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

Mr. W,o I ward nom.. d tnat the following; same ov outrelief were required : Rancorn, £35 ; Frodqh im £2O ; and Budworh £22. The payments that dap mar-meted to £166 Is. 61. which left a balance of £919. ss. 11. in hanl.—The report of the finales committee was adopted.

VISITING COInfITTEE. The report of this commiqee sated that the house had been visited and the war is were found ts be highiy satisfactory. Th.l7th of August was fixed as the date for the inauguration of the Band of Hope, and the com- mittee would welcome the presence of any momber who was inter 3sted irs th 3 society.—Tiv, Maser stated that he proposed to take the chit hen to New Brielton for their annual trip to the seaside —Lady Brooke extended an Invitation to tne old women and children to tea at Norley Priory,on Saturday aftf r 000n,which was accepted —Mr. Taylor kindly promised to provide conveyances for the old vvemen.—lt was reported that the master of Dutton B3Pard Schools had issued circulars inviting subscriptions towards a sch not treat, and that numb Ts of people had contributed uo let the imp,es,don that they were doing so towards a traat for the Vit.)rkho Ise children.—The Clerk was instructed to write to the Dutton School 13.3ird on the matter.

THE ALTERLTIONS TO THE BOUM ROOM. Mr. Meadowcroft gave notice that ho would move the following at the next meeting of the Board : —That the Finance Committee prerare a statement givoy; the estimate of expea liture for the alterations tr) the B3arl room, and the amount of the contract ace )pted ; the amounts already paid io reap ,c: to same, and the lia- bilities still to be met. Also that the committee seat ) what sum the Distri2t C ueil pay towards suc expenditure, or the rental to be pad by the Conceit for the use of the room and furniture; such statement to be submitted this day month. This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
SLD DEANII ATT RIINCoRN.

AN UNHAPPY WIFE'S END.

On Saturday morning. Mr. I.E. Worsley, coroner,held an inquest touching the death of a woman named Bridget MacD nmett, wife of John MacDernett, 1, Ash- worth's-row, Runcorn, which took place early on Friday morning. Mr. De Korte was the foreman of the jury, and the police were represented by P.C. Gregory. John MacDornett, chemical labourer, gave evidence of identification. Dsceased. who was his wife, died on Friday morning at abut 2 30. She had been ill for three weeks during which time she was attended by Da Robinson. The doctor had not seen her for the last fort- night. Witness asked her on Thursday if she requlrrd , anything,to w. ich sh 3 replied she did not require either a doctor or the police. She complained that day of a pain in the chest. The pain was severe for a few minutes. Altogether thei deceased was in bed about a fortnight. When he offered to go for a doctor she for- bade him. For food she usually took a cup of tea and an egg. He had seen the doctor in the Square and could easily have cadsd him in if his wife would have allowed him to. She was a g iocl living woman and a total abstainer. About five or ten minutes before she died deceased took some cider. Ho (witness) was lying on the gore downstairs when his wife shouted for him. The time would be about 2 o'clock. The deceased had got out of bed,and died before he could get her back again. He then called in a neighbour. His wife was f nsured,the premium being twopencea week. Dr. Robinson said he had known the deceaseul about six weeks. She consulted him for an ailment that was not at all likely to terminate fatally. He believed she was a very good Woman, and had been a total abstainer for a number of years. She wae respectable but had disagreements with her husband. Witness knew of nothing to which he could attribute cause of death, bat was of opinion that death was due to natural caus3s accelerated by pain and anxiety consequent on her hus- band's conduct towards her. If the man had seat for witness, he mh,ht have averted the fatal consequences. Police-Constable Gregory stated tha3 there Was a young woman from Liverpool staying at the house of the , deceased Some short time ago. In summing up, the Coroner observed that the deceasod had led a most exemplary life. She was a Woman much advanced in yeirs, and had a husband much younger than herself. Dr. Robinson had said that the woman had died from natural causes, aggravate I by her mental trouble, and be thought the husband wag very much to b.a ne. He was to blame for his moral character, which would be a matter far his conscience ; and, independent of what the woman may have s rid, his was to blame because he did not of his own free will call in medical awistanle. There could b 3 no goestion but that it interested tie man not to get a doctor, and prob- ably he allowed his int Test to carry him away. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidene,,, and expressed the Opinion that the man should he severely censured. The Coroner accord- ingly severely reprimanded the man for his conduct towards his wife.

An elderly man named Stephen Travers was mixing some quilklitne at Sunderland, when he fell haul first into the seething mass, The limepit was deep, and it was only affer great difficulty that the pxr fe:law was extricated. He died a few hours later. In one month nearly forty Austrian soldiers committed suicide. The total indebtedness of Western Australia is about seven millions and a half. Mr. Ruskin has sent £lO to the fund for buying a Borne- Jones picture for the nation.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY, AITGUST 5, P 298

RIINJORN AND WIDNES.

FLOLY TRINITY CRIME. RUNCORN.

On Sundwy, the annual chair sermone were preached at the above place of wership,tne pulpit being occupied, morning and evening ro,pe3tively by the Revs. D. S. Bowen (vicar of Weston Point) and R. C. Moyle, M. 1., (curate-in-charge of St. Michael's). Special music was rendered: by the choir, Mr. Timmins being the efficient organist. RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB SPIRTS. . .

These sports watch eo ne off t )-rn rrow (Sat irday), offer many attractive features, and shou.d prove inter- esting to ail lo :ere of true sport. As trio proc eds go towards maintaining the Ruaaora Football Club in its high position in the football world, a special all round effort should be made to support it. Tile entries are large, and the prize; worth about £7O. The seoratary is Mr. J. Ellison. Gladstone Terrace, Runcorn. RUNCORN COTTAGE HOSPITAL FUND. Once itettin the Runeorn Cycling Club are exerting themselves on behalf of the Runcorn Cottage Hospital, and the result will be teen in the forth Coming p trade. In connection with the same charity the band of the 2nd V. 8., E.C.R ,on Sunday afternoon gave a sacred concert on Runoarn Hill., when a collection was made in aid of the iund. The attend Ince was large and an excellently rendered programme of music was fully aoreciated. The Fund after last year's carnival reached £216. MILTON P.S.A..WIDNBS.

At the meeting hold on Hunday afternoon. under the presidency of Mr. A. Harvey, the Rev. E. Austio, (win is on the eve of departure for Whitestable). bade his friends farewell. There was a gold attend no. The Chairm to said they could not but recognize that a teal- lug of Badness pervaded everyorks when bidding farewell to awl friend, and especially when that friend was their pastor. Qaartettes were rendered by a party consisting of the Misses Barnes and Lloyd, and Messrs. Bud wick and Hague, with good taste. A Livkof DRUNKARD. At the Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday morning. before Mr. F. J. Norman, Mary Jane Birlev. a boacntan'a wife, wrs brought up charged with being drenk and dis- orderly in Church.street, on the previoas day. In answer to the charg3 she said that she supposed she must have been drunk or she would not have been locked up.— P.C. Gregory said that the prisoner was apprehended by P.C. Wylie, when she was in Cnurch-street brandishing a bottle ef whisky and creating a disturbance.—This bsing her first offeace, a fine of 51. including costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESS 01F a&LTON•ROAD CHOIR.

Competing in a choral competition, held in crnnection with the extension of the Wesleyan Chapel at Formby. the Halton-road Chapel Choir were successful. Four choirs competed, viz., Seaforth Congregational, Trinity Weslevans, Rock Ferry, Elalton-road Wesleyans (Run- corn), and Fairfilld Wesleyan. The test pieces were Teou wilt keep him in perfect peac3 " and one of own choice. The adjudicator on awarding the prize (25 51.), which was divided between Rock Ferry and Halton-road choirs' said be thought it a great tribute to churches and chapels of modern days to possess such choirs to lead the singing.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
CAMDEN SCHOOL. RUNCORN.

This schcol had very wipleasaht weather 0 contend with on Wednwday ifternoon, when the alnual trip to Fr idsham came off, bin witwithltanding the unp-opi• thus state of the weather about 300 %inflect the -naelves if the opportunity. Naturally the " out" was not so tloroughiy eijoved as it mi dot have been und4. more favourable conditions. 'La abd cake was parcak m of by the children, widowing to the capital attempt' of toe teaehors te trip WS by no mains unsuccessful. The scholars were under ths care of Messrs. Harris and Winter.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD_ OFFENDERS .11ELVILII FINED

_ The oaly business before tie magistrates (Ir. Jamei Handley, and Mr. F. J. N3rman), at the Runcorn Petty !4esiinw, on Tuesday, we; : rhornas Murphy aid Har- riet Baxter, ChErgld with being drunk and di,ordirly in Mersrv•atreet, on the 30:h ult. Both prisours yo'e sded guilty —P.C. Gragery said he found the prisoners on the day in question in Nieriey-street. They wer3 swear- ing at one another and unny, ve-y bad language, in con- sequence of which he appre'tended th ;rn.—Th3 worn an, Hearten who had lam many times before the court was fl -red 204 and 7s 41 costs, in default one month with hard labour. murnhy, who was ale, an oil °Tinder, was fined 10; and 74 41 costs, or 14 days. ALDINCI FaTaLICY at HU /COWL --DEaTil OF a LITTLE Boy.

Oa Tuesday, at the Police Court, Runcorn, Mr. J. E Worsley,coroner, held an inquest on the body or Cha.dea Gaytor, 3 years old son of Mr. John Glyter, Spring Gar- dens, Runcorn, who died on Saturday from the eff Tts of maids re :eived on Friday, jOl7 22nd. Um Mary Jane Gayter, mother of the boy said on Friday the 22ad July, it being washing day, she had a large pan of hot water which she left on the kitchen fluor while she went to fill the kettle with water, from a tap just outside, and dur- ing that shert time the little fellow backed into the pan and got severely scalded. The child was 3 years old .and bad been attended by Dr. McKenzie, who also certitlel the cause of death. The jury who exprevel profound 'sympathy arithe sad event, returned a verdict of "acci- dental death'. through scalding. RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. 1 The usual monthly meeting of the above Board was held on Tuesday evening. when there wer present Mr. E Imisen (presiding), Mr. F J.Norman. J.P , and Mr.. Taylor, with Mr. E. alma (clerk), and Mr. J. W. Liarut. burn (clerk elect.) The only, business before the Bo urd I was the consideration of ,tke following recommenda- tions made by the School Management Committee : that the tender yr Mr. CaVeill to quPoly 30 new blinds for Vectoria-raod, for the sues of £5 Be. Bd., also his tender for the alteration of old blinds for the sum of 153. 61 be accepted, and further that the tender of Me3sna. Handley and Beck for supplying 5 wire mats at el. 61. each; 2 coal scuttles at 83. and 2 coal buckets at 23. 31. be accepted. At a subsequent meeting of the same com• initttee it was recommended that the cleaner receive £5 extra for the work in connection with the Victoria-road ed,maten.--The minutes of the committee were duly conirmed. FASHION WEDDING AT WIDNES.

On Thursday last week, at the Victoria-road Wesleyan Church, the marriage was solemnized of Miss Elizabeth • Davies, youngest daughter of Mr. Councillor Davies,and Mr. Frederick Sadler, assistant borough surveyor of Southend-on Sea, Essex. and youngest son of Mr. Thomas Sadler, of Widnes. Both parties are yrell•known in the district and highly respented. The' seri ce was conducted by the Rev. finery Scenes, assis'ed by the Rev. IL R. Pates. The bride wore a lovely dress of brocl:e silk trimmed with pearls and chiffon, with nowt train and tulle veil end wreath of orange blossom. She also carried a beautiful shearer bouquet of white carna- tions. lilies of the valley and white roses, the gift of the bridegronm The bridesmaids were Miss Annie "holes (aitster of the bride) and Miss Jeannie Steller, (Winsford). (cousin of the bridegroom). Two little gir's Miss Lilg Fewer (niece of the brldegrotrn) and Miss Phyllis Allen (Lincoln) acted as trainbearere. The bridegroom was ably supported by his cousin, Mr. William Sadler' Winsford, while Mr. J. H. Davies. brolter of the bride acted as groomsman. Mr. W. nutlet-, organist, gave selectons of music, including Weener's " Bridal March" en 1 Mend tlssohn's t, Wed ding March." After the 'ceremony a large number of relatives partook of breakfast at the Mount. Dueng the evening the happy couple left f Buxton, where the honeymoon is being spent. _ RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

• The usual fortnightly meeting of the abovs Council was held at the Dutton Workhou3o, on Tuesdty. Mr. J. Knowles, J.F., Pre3iding. There were also present : Memrs. S Woodward, .f. M. williams, J.B alshaw, A.. B. Talbot' 14 lward Clarke, J. Mclatvr. e Josuoh Stokrs, James Whitt° w,Thorn as B tatei; J. G.Kidd, C.E. Li na ker, Thomas Lewis, William Bradfor I, Pdler Gleave, Eaton Breteerten, James Edwards, William Pickering. J W Baguley, William Fletcher, John Weir, awl Thomas entorls, with Mr John Ashton (clerk), and Air George &arena (deputy clerk), Mr. Ferrington (inspector), ald Mr. Swinton (surveyor).

- WATER AND LIGHT AT WALTON INFERIOR. mi.. J. Weinfield, clerk to the P3rish C3uncil of Wal ton Inferior. wrote thanking the council for granting the reqaett re the lighting of the parish with gas, and requesting on behalf ef the Parish Council that the lanaps should be fixed in the following, °laces :—One each at the janetion of east and west Ford-roads, the 1 middle of West Ford-road, and Morley-road, 5 in Chas- ' t q-road, 3 Walton-road, 1 in Lawrenson's Brow, and 2 in Hill Cliffe-road ; total 14. Re would be pleased to meet the Council's surveyor at any time and point out the various places for their approval and he hoped the matter would be pushed through before the winter set in. He further reminded the Council thst the bridge over the twelve ar :hes laad not vet been attended to and was really in"a dangerous condition. Mr. 9 inton (s srveyor) said teat Sr Gilbert Gremoall contemplate I erecting a near bridge at the spot referred to, but had not yet come to terms. Mr. sconsoo also promised to meet the Clerk of the Parish Coancil with referenze t the fixing of the lamps.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
VINANCZ.

Me. Th innsSVcih reputed that the payment s that dav amo.inted to £.38 33. 101.. leaving a balance of £152504. 61. TON BIGHT TO OSS A WELL AT NORLISY . _ _

Mr. Dutton, Clerk to the Nerley Perish Council wrote all follows : At our Parish Council meeting held on Tee3day July 26-h, a oeputation consisting of Mesurs. J. Blain and Goorge Wo vi ward waited on the Council draw- ing their attention to the stopme of a well, when the following r ,snlution was oulererl to he sent to the Rural District C )uncil :—" That t3e district Council be approached with a view to their nosking, inquiry into the Alleged public rigLt of fetching water from a wall situate at Mr. John Msddoek's farm Comm m-iiide, let, the Failri right being now dispute I. Mr. Pickering the Norley comic for will be able to explain toe matter at your council meeting. Hoping th matter will recsive your favourable attention as it affects the interests of seven families. , Mr. Linaker,said that there was ai award in exiasnce with regard to the Norley affairs, and the Clerk was in structed to make inquiries.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALKALI LITIGATION. JUDGMENT FOR THE OASTNER KELLNER COMPANY.

(Before Ma. JUSTICII BMW& sitting as an additional Judge of the Chancery Division.) Judgment was delvered on Thursday in the Chancery Court in this acton, the Castner Kellner Alkali Company v. the Commereial Development Corporation (Limited). the hearing of which was begun on July 13 and occupied six days. Mr. net:her Moulton QC., Mr. Bluefield. Q.C., Mr. J. Graham. Mr. A. I. Walter, and lend Hebert Cecil appeared for the plaintiffs ; and Mr. T. Terrell, QC., Mr. Astbury, Q C., Mr. MscConkey, and Me. J. H. Grey for the defendants.. ban. Jimmie BIGHt.Iff delivered juigment as follows: —lbis is an aceson brought for are intringerneut and to resirain further threatened iafringements of letters potent, No. 20,25) of 1894, for al invention of inepreve- meets in electreiytic apparatus for decomposing metallic sots. The infringement is said to consist of the use of certain apparatus reads aaeording to the specification, and other let'.e.s.patent, No. 21,509,0 f 1896, belonging to the defendants. The defences are practically two. First, the defers lams sty that the plaintiffs' patent is bad for disconform ty ; and, secondly, deny the infringement. Both the apparatus ot the plaintiffs and that of the defendants are designed for use in the manufacture of an article of commerce known as caustic soda. It is common ground that caustic a eles is produced by a process which may be shortly described as follows : A solution of common salt in water is subjected to an electric current while in coevals with mercury, the effect being that the sodium in solution is precipit seed into the mercury and formsan am eleam, The chlorine, which is also contained in Me solution is, by the same operation driven off in the form of a gas. The amalgam of mercury and sodium is then subjected to the opera- tion of °Min try water; the chemicel effect is that the , sodium in the amalgam leaves the amalgam and com- bines with tee oxygen in the water, brining oxide of sodium, ordinarily called soda. The water thus impreg- nated is then evaporated or otherwise dealt with, the Iproduct resulting being caustic soda. The chamber in I which the amaleam is produced is called the" decona- I posing chamber," that in which tee sodium is extracted from the amalgam is called the "combining chamber." „Thus the mercury is charged with and is discharged of the sodium, and the operation Can be repeated with tee same body of mercury for an iudefloite number of times. Tins method of producing caustic soda has been matter of common knowledpe for a very long time, and is not the subjezt of any patent. Th 3 plaintiffs' and the defendants' patents relate exclusively to the apparatus for carrying out the process. It is to be observed that the plaintiffs' patent (known as ' Kellner's) had never been put to practical use, the plaintiffs employing other apparatus which they think Ipreferable. So also with the defendants' patent (known as Ithodin's). Many apparatus have been from time to time devised for carrying out the process which I have described. One of them which was frequently referred , to during the trial was known as the Castner apperatus, land was the subject of a patent taken out in 1832 Tide lapparatus provided a means of producing caustic soda by a continuous process carried on by means lof a quantity of mercury moving round land round in its containing vessel. There had been other apparatus invented for producing caustic soda, and in all of t lem, as I understand, a meviug holy of M9fell.y—that is to say, a body of mercury snoring !el ttivelv to its containing vessel—was an eesential characteristic.. In 1894 Dr. Kellner. of Vienea, toek out the patent which the plaintiffs now own and wnich they aelege the defendants have infringed. Dr. Kellner in his spec.ficatiens describee his inveutin3 as al appiratus for the els ctrolyes of alkaline salt wit's tee ad of a st etionary mercury CA Pole. Instead of having recouree to a mercury cathode which is moved by paddles or otherwise relatively to its containing ves- sel, he provides a stationary mercury cathede—t tat is to ray, he provilee a body of mercury venial is always stati scary ia its centaiaiag vessel ; it does not m ive rued, nor does it m eve b sckwards or for wares in its centaioing vessel. He thus dispens's with the peddles or other machinery for pa; tine the mercury .n melon and is able to conduct tee operation of electrolysis. with a less qu entity of mer- cury than is required in the Cestner process. 'lt was ar .eied on behalf of the defendants that this elven:don was bad for want of subjsct matter and because it was of no utility. But I think,having regard I to the known processes at the date of the patent, and to the character of the chanees in the apoaratue made by Dr. Kellner, the invention was new and a efficiently ingenious to form the subject matter of a grant of letters patent, and, although possibly the apparatus was not capable of producing the best resuite in comparison with other apparatus, I think it offered a useful alterna- tive method, and, therefore, compiled with all the necessary requirements as to utility. Now, after de- scribing the nature of his inventioa in his pro-- visional specification, Dr. Kellner proceeded by means of five diagrams to show how the apparatus might be constructed and worked. The defendants pointed out truly enough that the app sta- tus described in these diagrams contemplated only a te and fro movement of the bell or line of bells over the surface of ehe mercury, and they thee turned to the complete epecification and insisted that the latter de- puted from thoe provisional speoifieation in material particelars whico involved a fatal disconformity, !al. much as they entirely destroyed the notion of a station- ary mercury cathode which was the essential part of the patented apparatus. It is necessary to remember haw the apples us described in the previsional specifica- tion works. The bell which encloses or forms the de- coniposing chamber, area the open bottom of which is sealed by the mercury,le made to move to and foe, an], in order that it may not carry the mercury with it as it so moves, openings in the shape of notches are made in the bottom edge of the bell, or, if not, small sluicee are made on the bottom of the vessel on whieh tea boll rests. Thus the bell moves backwards and forwards without moving the inercury, and the mercury which is alternately under the bell and outside the bell is Wens in turn charged with and discharged of the sodium. N ow, turning to the complete specification, 'we fin i four additional diagrams numbered 6,7, 8 and 9'. Figure 6is describ din the complete specification as a modified construction of the apparatus shown in figure 2. It involves merely a change in the contents of the bsll and the nec a ary alterations oecteinned by he change. The bell isnow made to hold toe water in toed of the solution of salt, an I this b 'corn es a combining , chamber instead of a decomposing chamber. The mre miry cathode remains stationary as before, and the bell or line of be Is moves to and fro as mieinelly described. This modification in my opinion involves no departure from toe previsional specification. But it is upon the change introduced by ligurcs 7 and 8 that the defen- delta mainly rely in support of their de eine of discon- forrnity. These figures are described as "a funher modified con•truction of .the said apparatus "—viz., the apparatus which had been prot -cted by the pro- v;sional specific ition, and the main question in this , action—indeed, I am not sure that it is not in reality the I I only question—is whether they are merely a modified ' conetructian of or whether they ate som:tning which Involves a depar sere from th provisional specificaion. The change introduced by t "wee two diagrams and the description of them in ay be stated as follows :—lnstead of tbe bells being arranged in a straight row and made to move backwards and forwards over a stationary Mercury cathode in a trough, they are arranged in a circle and made to revolve over a mercury cathode can- tainted in a circular dish, or b ring arranged in a circle they may be kept fixed and the dish of mercury itself, or the bottom of the dish, may b 3 male to revolve, and 'tof beandidfferorerancoeva emh oenret ottntthroelburisiias raebtawn r so accom- ithe opeiation of charging ant disceargin accom- plished. First, the favour of a circular movement, or secondly, tie boles aro kept filed in a circle, and the vessel containing tee meitiry or its le ettcm is made to ro'ate undsr the r underaightlc no, n s or i d jet; a nt i whether circle. circle of bits. Now Ido not think that it matters for t i s true the purposeat pi bells are placed that in the one case the movement must be a to and fro movement, whereas in toe ne present oeher it must be a movement in a circle. What difference does it make ? In the oni case the bell are in a row, and are moved back ward an i torwa-ls ; uaht i in the other case the two ends of the row are hr together, and the c role so formed is moved to Ind and rdiffnce. mud. This, in my 013ini°11, is ad s'iecton without a You have the stationary mercury oath rile in the one arrangement just as you have in the other But the arraogsm ft by which the Inevernent of the belle, whether to and fro or in a CiFele, is entirely aban- doned, and the mercury below the ba.l4 is alone mad S more difficulty. C else lof Dr. Kellner's cnitaoivme, Pdren describes the pateated invention as "al app tr- ate' for the siectrolysis of metallic sans with the nit of a st etimary. mercury cathode," and then goes on to des- mice the Use of aTO of bells moving to and fro over the mercury. Clause 3 makes no mention of a stationary mescury cathde, but describes what is Called a modifi- cation of the apparatus, coati eting of tle rotary move- ment either of the bell or of the vessel coataining the mercury- Now the dere:Malts say that Cleuse 3 introduces the disconformity. Tnev say that the stationary cathode vanishes in favour of a ' moving c abode, and that therefore the patent le bad.. Now, I have to consider what the expression" station- ary mercury cathode "iii the provisional specification means. Does it mean actually stationary with reference I to other stationary objects, or does it mean stationary I. merely with reference to its containiatt vessel ? I think I reading it as any one acquainted with the knowledge then possessed woaid rests it—l mean acquainted with the fact that up to 1894 a flowing body of mercury flowing in its vessel as milk moves in a pan when it is stirred had been always in use—that what Dr. Kellner , meant and conveyed was that the mercury was to be ' stationary with reference to its containing vessel. Then in the arrangement enntemplated by Clause 3 of his claim does he depart from the idea of such a stationary cathode ? It is said he does, because it is suggested that the rotary motion of the cantainiue vessel tends to disturb the body of mercury w th referenee to that VPS, tel by the contrifugal force weech the rotation impart

rto the mercury. But Lord Kelvin told me, and I think 1 he was richt when he said it, that this centrifugal force would be extremely slight,and could not be said to affect the oriervrise stationary character of the mertury cathode Ic was further sucgested that the lips of the bells would dip in mercury, would agitate the surface of the revolv- ing mercury, and so destroy its stationary character. But this, again, I think also a emelt matter, not really aff-+cting the ipeation. These lips slide over the surface of the murcury, or the surface of the murcury slides uuder them without caus:ng any substantial disturb- ance, Substantially, in my opinion, the stationary character of the mercury cathode is secured in the plaintiff's aparatus, whether it is worked as descraoKd in figures Ito 6 or in figures 7or 8 There remains, then, the que mof inf. iegement. Now in my view, toe question ot discontotmtty .nd the ques- tion of infringement involve very much the same con- siderations Mr. Terrell, in the c Atte of (ho case, during the cross-examination of Mr. Swinburno. admitted thLt

if no distinci ea could be drawn betwe in the rotary mevement and the te aeid fro movement, then there was no practical distinction between the defendants' and the plaintiffs' appiretus. Mr. Rho lin, the patent ie of the invention, now owned by :he defendants, descriees his invention at page 2 of his specific stion, mad it is only necessary te read it and to beer in mind what Keener's invention is in orier to detect the similarity, He says, " I employ, a cylindricsl vessel wit n a flat basic and open toe." This is tee vessel whieh is to centaie the mercury cattle le. On the bottom of that vessel he places a number of what he calls 'a lialiribs or projec- tions, the object of which is to prevent the mercury from revolving ' • in other words, to secure a stationary mercury cateoie. Having this secured his stationary mercury cathode, ht introduces into teis cylinericel vessel another cylindrital vessel concentric with the first. It the bottom of the second vessel there is a series of tubes srranged in a circle with their lips just itipping into the mercury contained in the first vessel. Tnese tubes cerrespend exactly with the circle of bells described in fieures 7 and 8 of the plain- tiffs' patent,and they serve precisely the ssme purpose •, they contain the solution of salt which has to be operated upen,and se they form a series of decomposing cham berg. This secoad vessel coetainine these tubes or bells with their lips just dipping into the stationary mercury cathode is thee " slowly " rotatedeso that the lips of the tubes or bells disturb the mercury as little as possi- ble. Time the electrolysis is performed. This seems to me to be nothing more nor less than the plaintiffs' apparatus, as described in figures 7 and 8. The defend- lots say that their apparatus does not introduce a stationery mercury cetho le at aleand they say that the combined action of the ribs lying under the bed of mer- cury at the bottom of the outer vessel ant of the lips of the balls dipping into the top of the mercury and of the slew rotating movement of the inner vessel is to produce a cathode which is not stationary. Ido not agree with this contention ; the ribs are put into the outer vessel for the very purpose of preventing the circulation of the mercury inside its containing vessel, and as to the slight agitation or movement produced by the lips of the tubes and the rotary motion,they do not alter the real station- ary character of the cathode. I thiek the plaintiffs' are entitled to succeed, and I grant the injunction asked for.

.UNCORN UIBN n-Lsritior COUNCIL.

"RAMS VER3US 13READ."-LIVELY SCENES' AND

I HEATED DISCUSSION. The umal molthly meeting oi tie Council %sac; held a'; 0ct....0,1111U Climb r,oi Lv ni r 1:n z, when Mr. S smupl Ta7lor or-s de I. There we -e 414,1 preaent : alessra. W. dandle 7. D. Rithro va, M JSweetman, T. DA4n.J. W. Lrgh b irn, J. W(IRoa. J. Pritch trd, W. (3rrtc, with Mr. E. at trih (iecre. tire), Mr. F. A. Laie (law clerk), and Dr. McDougal (medical officer.)

===== 0002601_18980805_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'3 REPORT.

The nu-nher--OT-d-e-;,n's-d-u-rTig --the—m-enth Wag 30, 3 were inq tcaee. Toe avera ;8 dllth rate was 20 per 1000 of the eeti-nve n 0 111.tthri, sal delil-.6,11 the inquest c•ei, 13 5 Dgr 1030 43 bir*hs and 31 d .aths were register“l during tie corr. sprafin ; period of last

===== 0002601_18980805_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERA.L IDIPELOVEMENTS.

The Highways and Bail Ilinrs C)rnmirtee recommend- ed that th tender of Mr. Thomas R. Robinson for the fla:gingof Greenwav-road ha Ac!eptpd, and also that s •veral plans bv NUS 3-3. W. E EIo,R. Ahal, W. F nalk- ner, and L. llebbington, and William Farrell, junr., ii yap -ct of alterations and r ,ctions at York- stre« t. High- land-road, Hoion-itreat, and Holloway reso.ctivelv. Oa tie mrtian of Mr. D. Bisbrawn, seconded by Mr. Wilson, the ncamm.n I ations w re agreed to.

HEAL= COMMITTEE. This committee recomminded tnat the tenders of Messrs. Unsworth Bros.,for the sapolv of uniform cloth- ing for the sanitary inspector: and of Mr. J. Septon for fixing water closets St; , in Sankey's Court ho accepted ; and further that the owners of N) 1. 2, aryl 3 B tck Pen- keth-road be served with the usual 28 dive notice in respect of their houses being without sufficient sanitary accommodaion. Mr. Bran pro 1,7511, and Mr. Grins seconded the minut so' the Els Lith Committee, which were unani- mous y carrie I.

WATER MATTERS. The tre,ent wa,e • supply for t • houses at the bottom of W, s•e-• d•road to&n.fr consi fere I unsatisfactory the Water Cotnmitt,e re ..,omme iII that a 3 inch water mai ty• laid across land to 4Vests.ll road and down sici r-a lat an e•ltim atel cos". of £92, ~tsbj Int to the Brislvowar.sr Trsi,tess cost,ibuls 7, a sum ot' £25 and a sati•f actor,' urcement b-ia4 • ntered int • as to frre! ac •el'. .also that the sum of £B3 IBs. 10 I. for „mote, in reseeet of the water rate for the quarter one I ,I,,lstinvnor I),y, 1893, bo written off. mr.Piyia4, it ao,ing the a !option of the INa;or Co n•nittee'.4 rport, cii wLh renrd to the lav • in of the water main to tic' h Atom of Weetfiell_ro it •rou'd :t the C loci) 51 thtr ahout £6O. In re u-o,ho•ce7er, th v wouicl be receiv,ng an income of ah •u': £3 o^ .11,101, s7rahr it oT, wito pr )spect of sotnethMr bitter in the fti%ure, besides securing a better supply of water for the neighbour- hood. Mr. Wilson seconded, and the reoort was adopted. MARKETS AND CEMETERY COMMITTEE. This committee r c rn nen led that lila 14e3 to dell in earns be rante Ito Mr.J.o.l3alfour.2s,Church•stree-,and th .t the seal of the Council he a% vid to fo or grants of burial 193 to 201 inclavive.—This was aresd to. The above were agr tad to on the proposition of Mr„ Collier seconded by Mr. Dean.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
MAIMET VERSUS PUBLIC BkTH9.

It was recomme ided by the Marke-ts—a-n-d Cemetery Cemmittee " That the Markel Hall be converted iten public baths in alcer flocs with the pan orenarad And sobm'tted by the SJrvey,r at an eetimated c ost of £2,300, en I teat a oplicaeio a be made to the Leonel Govennvnt Boar! for their sanat,ol to borrow the , aforesaid sum for a period of thirty years. , The Council at the regoest of Mr. Hlndt,T. having drc7ded to consider the ahoy. g loath-to apart from the rest of the minetes of the M rrlretr and Cernetety Con mitten Mr. Collier said, before speaking about this minute there was one thine he should like to have underßtoei He had been told by one very prominent person in the town, that AS he had undo himself el very promineet with this and other glestiene. he must be Prepared to meet with senor opposition te the seheme. Hs cave the Council credit for being Eaglish earmeh, however, to show no favour. They must know that the Market Hall wag gradually dell rio,ng, and wao net a Mkr:(los9 as much. By means of the scheme that was now submitted new life would be infused into the thing. Se far as Rencorn was ceneerned they were very mu oh behind in the matter of baths, and he felt sure, that if thi matter tainl;mthewritg he nr ee rti of f children,hm a m,sewhe mwp r scheme n7k,ereefovot would lradyat was laid before the public th weral decide in favoer sing of the scheme. He hoped that they were not going t rbperapilntrrogyauc!u m, the baths could he securedtsarntnedel rht zsiweevir‘ would lg, going otsolttliahentyeze :mtpiwodosppi must p.eaalpii:atre teuethahnheretyoi slpmweebhdeea erat tmenhhs,;.o7ciwianof were tneno7mmuos;thtde:i et): hehea compulsory big reasons and net petrend to he io sot/loath, with the tn-ten.l was all vory well Ravine, things were bad, if , they wanted to improve the n •• they would have to ' buck up, or things worn] go from bad to worse."

--Mr. Sweetman seconded. Mr IT tnelley rose to p,opose an amen Im,nt, and in doing s sail that althoti,lt Mllier had U 904 very hard adjectives he was not a bit afraid ; and although b l I iacnbat ;e .r amendment . h amendment proposedme ts tvirlshetowaasdimrn the in favour e e p subject to the next monthly meeting, and embraced a clause referring to the subject of electric lighting, etc., Re thought there was every good reason for an had an ment of that kind,and he Advocated waiting in a matter of this magnitude—anyhow no harm could coma of it. He pointed out the stite the town was in, and that the rates were higher than ever, and the asseasablo value was steadily decreasing and he did not know whether the lowest stage had been reach etl yet. Mr. Sweetrnan : It is getting better. Mr. Handley : It is in such a state that we cannot expect new industries to come en account of the rate. Mr. Callier : Well reduce gas then. Mr. Handley cincluded by rem arkita.g that they one and all clefi i red to put the town n the forefront, and asked them with confiience to vote on the question. , Mr. Lightb its : If ¶Ol simpiV prowise that the mat- ter be deferred for a month I will sorrier: you—that is leave out the other goe•itioni of electric lighting, etc. Mr. D an said he should like t supple; Mr. Handley, and would do so with rl ainre if it wai to defer it for six months. Mr. Handley than adjusted he am indment to read "b referred to the next msetinz." Mr. Cellier: You may as well say six years. Mr Handley then pr-posed that the whole subject be riferred to the mee in of the Council, threi months ih: gil‘nletren:e;:pi griel pi. bolls irtni osna Ind. oh; ohs eadd by el\aitr. HP I aen"d'll :ye . On fs eccoounr sde. it was necessary that he shout I say a few word i about i baths. He was sure there was no one present that did not feel the nacesiity of public baths. He had bon

Chairman of the first haths oorareitt Se and at that time ' they visited Northwich, Nantwich, and Warrington along with other places, and also communicated with the Salt Brine Company regarding the price of conveying the brine down to the Technical Institute. He simply mentioned all this, t s-how that they were all alive to the great importance of hiving baths in Runcere. They should look at it in the light of " baths or bread." If anyone came here with the intention of erecting any new weeks they first of all asked what the rates were. He knew from personal experience that one great stum- bling block to the erection of new works at Runcorn was the large amount of rates. Then with regard to the seheme of Mr. Wilding there was a great deal in it that was problematic. Take the sloops, on the other side of the roal,which was the better side,there were two sloops empty. In an estimate of that kind whilst the ineeime was estimated the ex pendiS ure was certain. If they waited, it was withia the range of possibility that they might obtain some outside help. He seconded Mr. Handley's proposition that they deal with toe matter in three months time. Hs could not support Mr. Collier at present on financial grounds. Mr. Dean seid he supported the amendment for the sire ele reason that it was bad policy to destroy anything that was paying or at least keeping itself. The best thing to do was to have a new one altogether. They talked of building T shoes at 6s. 6 1., a week. In the very first glace they would be on the very worst side of the street and get all the sun, and the tenants at present he understool were almost all butchers, and they would never go into a place like that. Perhaps the market was a declining qaautity,but he had not heard a word to prove that it was not paying. Mr. Collier : It is not paying as a market. Mr. Dean contended that it was paying, and that £2,300 was a lot of money that would be better spent on a new place. Mr. Grice also supported the amendment, and ex- pressed his disapproval of tampering with the Market 'Hall. Be should like the opinion of the ratepayers taken en the question. With regard to letting the shops at 6s. 61 a week, it was his opinion that they would never get tenants for them. The Chairman said there was no one gave Mr. Collier greater credit than himself for the manner in which he had brought the matter before them, and every one was in favour of piablic baths. The baths question was very different to the sone of the Technical Institute and public Library where they were tied down to the very I penny, and everyone in the town helped to raise the money. They were practically in the dark as regards the baths. They hid a probableeestimate of expenditure and income, but no one could tell whether it would re- quire a penny er sixpenny rate,and further these small rates soon landed them into the 35. rate. He was pleased to support the amendment though be would rather have supported the adjournment for six months. He hoped Mr. Cellier would take up the question at that timseand he (the speaker) would do his best not only by giving but by collecting, and so help to raise a sum by which they could reasonably face it. He would then be pleased to call a public meeting or take any other nurse that might be considered most advisable at that time. Mr. Bisbrown thought that Mr. Collier ought to be thanked by all for the emcee° ha displayed in benging the matter so cl-arly befere them. As far as his per- sonal view was concerned he was fill of sympathy for the baths, and he did not think there weld be two opinions on the s object. Could thsy afford it ? That was the crux of the teasstion. Already they had a record rate (3i. 2d.), and thsir objet was to reduce it, and it ha i hen tae ciejlet of the whole of the Comrnitteea to do th- aims thing. Ita as we'l known that eaths did not pay in any p irt of tae couetry,ind if they did it was the exception. He was in favour of deferring the mat-er for •ix or twelve monithi, an I ia the meantime, there might he an irnpro sem int in tie t osvo. Mr. Wilson thought a great deal had been said about the conversion of th:e Market, and he considered it hardly fair to Mr. Collier to sit still anl say co ;Mug. If it was the objet of the genteemen wen had spoken to slietee the whole so oeme—a rid it was tie obj set-- Mr Cnh r : Without a doubt. Mr. H nt ey : I object. Mr. Wdsen : At first it wis three months,then six,and now it has reached 12, and one can only put two and two to se tiler t o arrive at your intee' io es. At the out- set tin r a was one error that ought to be put straight, and that was the statement of Mr.Lightbern that when- ever anyone came to Runcorn to look for a site they cens'derel the rate was too high. It was not so. As one of a deputation that nad had some experience in that direction, he wouli say that the drawbacks to Ruecorn wer, dear lan I first, and the next was that there was no railway sideig ac .om no latieleand another consideration wa 4 eh. epsr water,for in Beacom they had not quite so cheap a c ensn d ty. Mr. Lightburn: I rise te point of order. I said that the rate was an impertant element that was all, and Mr. Wilson cannot say that it is not. Mr. Wilson, continuing, said he was in a position to say that the rate did not effect them.Mr.Callier deserved the thanks of the whole community. Mr. Sweetmen sail he should like to aak the secretary whPther the Market Hall did pay. Mr. Collier : Will the Secretary answer that question before I speak on the amendment ? Mr. Marshall : It does net pay of itself. Mr. Collier : Just so, and the outside fair will be the same as previously. Sly airing, on the amendment, Mr. Collier said he was really sick nt the cry " Bread vers is Baths." To say that rates kept people out was absurd. There was the gas ; aid water--thet the ins trance cornea ey made you pay a soePreign on before you put it in your boilers. (Laughter). Mr. Ligeteurn : He wi'l apse° :Ise just now. Mr Cellier con'inuine characterised the whole coun- cil as being to e mean and miserable to sso forward. Mr. Gece : I simply want the opinion of the rate- pa CTS. Mr. Collier : I don't care fir your opinion, Ido not ennsid r that you are a repreasntative of the ratepayers. (Cries of withdraw). Perhaps they wo 11 give a shils ling in charity, bat thy wou' I not spend a p mile for the peer children Ii years to come their cry would be that they were very army they op? osed the scheme,that was his beneilei in to them. Upon a vote being Wien, seven voted for the adjourn- wont of the matter for three months, and three tor the original proposition.

TEE ART CLASSES.

tse7.c.o TAe ra rh ns iacbaol )1n b: et r u3cs t i for rrtthme te lt hi e9dfeebyforthtlhe the B'l9siln fnr each subj.ca in the evening school, and ' 104. 61. pr I.e-in for ths day class held on 8 iturday Colatimlri%- mornings. (Three terms in toe sessio%). Further that ,h, tender of Mr. J. Hares for the painting of tae out. stip of the InA tu*e ha accepted. The foregoinv was agreed to on the motion of Mr. Wilson, seconde4 by Mr. Handley.

• FINENCE; OF THE COUNCIL. The financial statement showed the receipt of the following sum; by the treasurer during the ptst month : —General fund,ill,37o 14. s 6!; water fund, £386 18; 51; privatefan 170 tr st: work;buria l sni kni kin g ngfund, 221271061;91 15; 1 ; burialsa ne d, 2 the following af..100n1,, are reommLinciel for oavaient: tGeeenhenrisclal fund, inir £ r uctitlio3al,94 26,931; w 916; 21; b fitlrnvi , c,t8,114- it 4 1 ce4 45; Markets awl Cemetery, £74 6; 91; permanent works loan. £159 12; 114. It was also rec3mmende4 that the tenders of Mr. John S3fton for conatructlon of water c'osets, and nointing of chirpiney stacks, 8;3., at the Town Hall be accepted.

The passirm of the Finances, on the motion of Mr, fsllier, seconded by Mr. DAan, conclu led the business.

INTERESTING PRESFNTA-TION AT RUNCORN..

. The ofii;:e stiff and foremm of the Haz eaurst Slap Works of the United Alkali Company, Limited, assem- bled together on Saturday to pre+eot Mr. Joseph Abra- ham, the manag3r, wirh a token of their esteem on his living Runcorn to take up a similar posti.at the works nf Messrs. Lever Brothers, of Sunlight " Soap fine. Mr. J. H. Salkeld, in preeentin Mr. Abraham with a pair of 18 carat gold s'ewe links,in case, congratulated hint upon t'taevery importan; politinn he was about to z leave Runcorn ti fulfil, and esprest,ei the hope Viet he would have heslth. stren rth and happiness in his new 'acltl aciln thwei.;llilahnd is sa manyni friendsae hadrph -9. e of duty.--14r. Abrahamon accepting the gift, as- , orest they a t sured them tha.: he should always realemb r with made hint. He expected to be leaving in a few weeks to undertake important business for Messrs. Lever Bros, in Switz.riand,and shuald treasure their gift as a sou , vs air of his work at Runcorn. Run- cornp!eas aunredh sitislucoin t iv

===== 0002601_18980805_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
SINGULAR CEIME OF 'fira-r_ AT ST. HELENS.

Catherine Wilson, alias " Ann Burns," of ‘.anchester, was cla trod on Monday with stealing a shawl, value 34. 6 1., the preperty of Mrs. Twist, wife of a collier, of 21, Liverpool-street, St. Helens. It was stated that on sent heTphreismona Sasairtetdeenuerotrtwind:s.; :Fined arMsa srassreani stiatw.cle:uhieTers:tanywhsaatresigetoshiprtp, el, prisoner 111 giveniaen arsstfno.tivins lhereoaiehrnfni into aNdol w: arowesesuuaao. sgsirrTedthi r:nawf dziowtityhrs l Twist. the ht s, hrel ifTheh:eiswileibsatohhwß minutes, us shawl I slat lbtocsvatnttei ahhteas dyers: , t3a deniedhnraodproved, iaeltda,Stt a:Nt.ne dn est e. n,, egristtora jail fcoornit THE Sr. HELENS ENGINEERS IN CAMP. The 2ad Laacasli re Royal Engineer Volunteers (St. the side of Snowdon, left St. tleleng on Sunday morniny. 4i d edraeFds .t a a case Helens),taoytttrainlitt.ceprorn,iiwocvoi::, wect: mil othwlscraalktrirrisi aretit v i ra.aatcpiatu ri_emiloni.iip.ti:wifi:oeron.biurrgileititiarttahh,:iemni. s.ratienyntßnateaddiatEi7riot.:,onshrh:teneAt dQwpcirteonjahltair.hlievelejnernd.tica.covilarntaahsrplichpornte:eaaw,caoinidntiand:Bll qaarLera at 9 30,the number preFeat bsinz about 350,auct I take part in the week's encampment include major Fraser.sayce.geyes,"Rra.Ebe.nTetite,acnadmßp. htiarsewbeisen oppenheim,Gtover.and .4r9wn s ; Limtenuas :-ur;,e 'n-Captaim Jackson GSehragaannt-s7dtlard;JE. E. F- Ilinnaf )rd, RE., and Se.rglegant-;- pitched in a ...... insaturtuicEutot 'siGt:alitiniogns.,

_ PARIS E __XIIIBITIOg OF 1963.—W0 are authorisA to state ttiat application fa- r Sliel Fhltilli be slot to the secretor; ot the Royal (Icsmmissinn, sb.Stepnen'i lacute,, i Weernimt3r, no: later than the Nth Augubt, 1898.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
t 1 i lit 11 1 ' .3 - 1 ' ilt , ' 1 t ' 4, i ' . I • i •.t . I f / t I .1 ft ii , I 1 ti • I I ~ I I 1 t . I I 1 I t i 1 Ii 1 ~1 I i , :.' A l' 1 i t . . I , 1 i 1 I'. , 1 • i ..°I.I ,1 , , , 11. . , 1 . , ' 11. 0, , , . , s•-.' ' . , ..,..,11;'':\i'. 1 1 1, ii -.'-- • 14. i , , . . , 1 , .. ,c. . a -, i .. , ~. :., . '.. '', , i , . re... 1..5. < ti 1 ~ .. 1 I.li I 1 ky I a ~' e . -il 11 , . ~ , 1 . # 1 , . I i I ‘„. 1 . I - 1

===== 0002601_18980805_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
: 1 0 1!

===== 0002601_18980805_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

: -

===== 0002601_18980805_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ( I .• , •

===== 0002601_18980805_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
r . - ; t , • '

I

k 41"

, r ; $ ; ,

fk ~'.1., • 'r J I, .i , '''''. t'• ' re • '.' —‘,.7°' - '',.' ~. ,ti 5 , •, r' i, ~.:-; 3 • -1- 'l, ' ..,. I , ,

===== 0002601_18980805_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SYMBOL OF !STRENGTH.

Britannia is the. symbol of strength at horn; and abroad. and whether upon the ocean wave or in the serried ranks of her brave sins in Egypt. ndia,or China the fame of our country is alwaye Monti Red with power of will and strength of nerve—the highest state of cour- age that makes heroes. Science is the handmaid that helps te maintain this standard of supremacy, and the great gifts n, nature are concentrated for the use of men in Gwilym Evans' Quinme Bitters, a tonic to keep every faculty at its brightest and its host. Mighty is the power of the spade and those wile wield it are the pioneers of our ereatness. The fearless miner burrowing in the earth and the strong navvy removing mountains are the very sinews of the nation. These men must always keep their strength et full stretch. Lab aur of the severest is their lot and full health is necessary in accomplishing their daily tutu, and if they are attacked with Indiges- tion, Liver Disorders. or Pains in the Back, they know they can find relief by taking Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegseable Tonic. The hard working toilers, generally, ef the linitei Kingdom, should remember the old saying, "Preventinn is better than cure," and that just as it is nece,sary to call in a medical man, when brain and body are overtaxed, so is it desirable to do all that is possibns to keep the system thsrsughly up to the mark, for every rush of oompe.ition and extra labour. Yois have a regular doctor, have yeti a resular preservative of health to 83.7 r Tou from the doctor and the doctor's bills ? If not, try Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Great, Tonic Pre- ventative egainsc Serious Illness. The distressing wcrries of a family household lead to the greatest suffer- ing—the nervens system being epecially strained in the turmoil, and Neuralgia, Nervousness, and Debility, with their attendant miseries are the most frequent torments that women in particular have to endure. Low spirits and Depression often render housewives quite unfit for their onerous duties and to prevent this condition Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is strongly recom- mended. Don't delay if you feel out of scrts, but get Gwilym Evans' Qainizie Bittere,a purely yeeetable tonic, which contairs the strengthening qualities of Sarsa- parilla, Saffron, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, and Dandelion, els WI as Quinine. The exact ternedy you want frr Pal sita.tinn , Sleeplessness, Biliousnees, or Rheu- matism. It not only gives you freedom from pain hut strength, and zest for your work, that makes it a pleasure. This perfection of medicinal preparations is advocated as a first aid towards quickening commercial Instincts for the counting-house or the market-place, it is a Tonic that is sure to be wanted. This worl7l- - remedy is sold in Bottles at 2s. 91 and 4s. 61. each. Beware et Imitations. See that you get " Gwilym Evans' Quinine BAters " with the name " Gwilym Evans' on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. This is important. Sole Proprietnis Quinine Bitters Maoufactnring Com- pany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MA.C4ISTRATF,s

A CORRECTION. In our report of a case heard at the Police Court last Friday, in which Charles Moston ard Albert Brown summoned each other for assault, we erroneously stated that Mostyn was fined 53 and costs, whereas the fine was imposed on Brown, ths charge against Moston being disMitiged. DISPUTE ABOUT WAGE; AT WARRINGTON—A VIC.LENT

===== 0002601_18980805_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKMAN.

On Friday. at the Bough Felice Court, before the Mayor (in the chair) and Alderman Llenry Roberts, Joseph Lesotke, 57 Nichoisoe-street claimed 10r. for wages due from Charl.is Paiken, Mersey-street, and Charles Psiken claimed for the damage done to two owes of toilet ware to the amonnt of 30s. on the 18th July.— Mr. A. Browne appeared for Mr. C. Paiken.—Jesepla Lesofke said be was a polisher and entered the empley- of Mr. Paiken who first paid bins at the rate of 7s, for polishing a pair of staisde and then gave him Sc. after- wards. During the week, he I,Lesofire), besides other work, had polished three pairs of stands for him, on Saturday, when his wages were to be paid, Mr. Paiken said he would only pay him for two pairs of stands as he had spoiled one peir.—By Mr. Browne: He did take up a pole and accidently smash a soap dish, but he had not smashed a water jug. He also admitted bsing brought down to the police station be the police. Questioned by Mr. Browne he said he might have smashed a water jug, but if it was done it was accidentally—Mr. Browne said it was a simple matter. They did not deny that three pairs of stands had been polished, but they would call witnesses, who understood the work done, who would , prove that one pair was very badly done, and would not sell. His client had been some years in busineis in Mersey-street and when Lesolke had done his work he told him one pair of stands was badly done. Lesofke then rushed at his client seized hold of a part of a toilet set and threw if at him. This did not take effect. He then got hold of a pole and it I was then the watsr jug of another toilet set was broken. The teilet sets were damaged to the amount of 30s.—A.L. Franch polisher, carrying on business on his own account in Mersey-atreet,said he had seen the stands in question. They were useless as they were,and in his opinion it was the fault of the colouring being put on badly at first.—Abram Cohen, assistant to Mr. Paiken, said he was present when his master told Lesofke that his work was bad, when he came for his wages. Lesofke called him a " scoundrel," and "rogue," hnd gr.t hold of him and tried to hit him. He tried to prevent him, and then Leeofke broke the soap dish and the water jug was broken by the pole he was using. He got Lesofite outside and the police came and took him away.—Joseph Lewitt° admitted be might have broken the soap basin and the water jug but it was accidentally. Be denied that the work was badly done in connection with the pair of stands. Be contended it was the fault of the stands tieing of bad workmanship.—After con- eideratim the Bench dismissed both cases. A HUSBAND AND WIFE'S QUARREL. At the Warn tigton Police Court, on Friday, before the Mayor (in the chair), and Alderman Henry Roberts, Albert Snelsen was summoned for arseultlng his wife Martha Jane Snelson, on the 20th July, both residing at 87,Dudley-street.—Mr.Fowler,who appeared for the com- plainant, said both parties lived with the father and mother of his client. On the day in question the husband tame home dreek and his wile asked him for money for their lodgings. He used bad language and said he had no money for her. He then struck her on the face making her nose bleed and blacking her eye. She then went into the kitchen and he followed her and knocked her on the I &or. He said he wonld strangle her and seized her by the throat. A Mr. Flilditch pulled him away.—Martha Jane Jackson said her husband came home about twenty minutes past 10 o'clock. He struck her in the face and blacked her eye. He got her down and nearly strangled her saving "it was a good job he had not a home ot hi own or he would kill her out of the way."-By the chair- men: She had been married 12 months and het huaband was a labourer at Smiths' Wire Works. She also worked. —Emma Hilditch and March Ann Lune corroborated.— The defendant said she first pushed him and be pushed her back. She pulled her clog off to him. He did cot assault her.—S imuel Dean called as a witness for the defence, said he saw Mr. Snolson pull her clog off at Mr. Snelsoa and hit him on the back of the bead with it.— By Mr. Fowlr.ir h. e was standing on the footpath at the time. He said it was a pity to see young people who bad been married such a short time quarrelline. They ought to get a house of their own.—The bench bound defendaet over in one surety of £5 to keep the peace for six months and pay the costs.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROCOII POLICE COURT. FRIDAY- Before the Mayor (in the chair), and Alderman Henry Roberts. ASSAULT BY A FLTISER-IN LAW.-Albert Snelsort, 67, Lythgoes-lane summoned Isaac Hall Whittaker and Ann Whittaker, ho,band acid wife of 67. Dudley-street, for assault on Saturday last.-Mr. Towler appeared for the defence, and Mr. Brown for the cornplainant.-Albert Snelsen said on the day in question the two defendants asked him for his wages. Mr. Whittaker seized hold of him and struck. and Mrs Whittaker also struck him.-By Mr. Towler he never lifted his hand to strike them.-Ann Burns far the defence said he saw no one striae Mr. Snalsow who sat on the sota.-bamuel Cross, builder, 127, Longford-street, also gave evidence.-The bench dismissed the case against Mrs Whit- taker, and fined Mr. Whittaker the costs. CROSI-SUM3(0118 FOR AeSAULT.-In this case, Charles Brown, 2, Glazebrook-street, snmmoned Albert Moston, 8, Glarebrocia-street, for assault on Friday, 22nd July. There was also a cress-summons for assault at the same time and place.—Mr. Foi thaw appeared for Charles Brown and Mr. A. Brown for Albert Moston.-Albert Moston, draper, said on the day in question about 29 minutes past 10 o'clock the defendant came into his yard, and after some words bit him behind the ear, pushed him against the wall, and knocked the skin off his hand. A Mr. Molyrieux came into the yard and interfered. Brown also struck his wife (Mrs. Mostor.) and she fainted. Mrs. Molyneux also got a blow from him. He was finally rescued by a Mr. Smith. -By Mr. Browne : He had n.+t bl him and ho had never threatened his youngest daughter.-Mrs. Molyneux. Glgvibrook-s mtreeot;to,..ti bc),ncky}sarr. Sheigaymorningwent ere she h. alr earcia nin,,,!rducking with his head at Mr. Keaton. When Brown Mr. Smith 34me up he had Mr. Moston by the thtoat.- Grace Appleton and Robert Smith corroborate4.-Robert ease rirsdborudgwhnt Smith added that :dr. Brown was certainly drunk.—Mr. Forshaw submit' that It was acvoaurryt.-pliltrr. c y not to have been brought in said he came home from his work on Friday morning and seeing Mr. Moston said be wanted to have a word with him. d Moston then struck him on Moston called him a vagnoon •ear. By Mr. Browne • He h fT3 the chest and hit him en the Rave over working about 6.15.--ulizabet Cli corroba- _ rated.-The magistrates said Moston had no doubt com- mitted an assault and they would tine him cand costs. The ether case against Brown was dismissed. SATuanaor-Refore Mr. T. Hirchall (in the chair) and Mr. It, T. Falrclough. TEmPollAity LUTIIORITY.-Joseph Shilleoek. Bay Hone, Winwick-street, was granted temporary authority to sell at the Warrington Football Club Sports on Monday. Mx HOWLEY ASSAULT CASE.-The Chief Constable said that with regard to the Howie's, assrult se the injured Man did not wish to prosecute. He (Mr. Talbot) said the in- , ea juries were not as serious as at first anticipated. Shaw the defendant. was accordingly discharged.

--- W. T. WILLIAMS' SALit NOW : Great Bargains In MILLINIMY, DRBSSBS. BLOUSBS, &c.—SAYKEr- BTIPIET, LICGI OTIMET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
MOND•V —Before Mr. (anice fin the chair) and Biers.- Bir- chall and Wright. - . . . . • -

CRICKET.

A SINGULAR CAlll3.—Joha Fitzpaliriek, who said he was a puddler from Wolverhampton, wus charged with stealing a quantity of wool from the shop of Mrs. Pearse,Buttermarket- street.—The Chief Constable said this wee a s.imewhat un- usual ease. At about ten o'cloak era Saturday night the prisoner met PC. Dawson in Buttermarket street. and told him that he wished to be locked up. lie was sober at the time. He said he wanted a night's '• dossing." or lodgings. The officer told him to go to the workhouse, but he replied that he had been there the previous night, and that if be went again thb• result might not be satisfactory. The prisoner then told the oin.ser that if he did not lock him up "he should d 3 sometning." He was recommended for the second ' time to go to the workhouse but he refused to do so, and accordinTly the officer watched the man and saw him go into airs. Pearce's shop. He walked no to the cmnter and de- liberately pinked up a roll of wool and went away with it. Mrs. P,arse followed and gave him into the cuAt idv of the Policeman. When charged with the robto.uy Fitzpatrick said he was galitv. The prisoner Was a stranger to the town The Chairman.— What have you to ear for yourself?— Prisoner —1 cannot say nothing. (Lau zhter.)—Mr. Bireh ,11. —Whit did you want to be locket up for .? —Prisoner.—l had nowhere to go. —The Bench c)maiiiltted him to prison ter 14 &Ifs with hard I thour. WANTING TO FlGHT.—James Leonardy pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly in Haydock-street. on Saturday night.—P C Carter said when in Winwiek-street on Satur- day night shoot twenty minutes to twelve the prisoner came up to him and used filthy language. He advised hint to go hone. Shortly afterwards he heard screams in Hay-lock- street sad proceeding there found prisoner with his coat off, offering to fi;ht any man in the street. He took him into custody. The bench sent him to prison for 14 days hard labour.

fIE 1. BUSSEY CO'S € famed reanufaieurera. liioornpArable ' Deir.B2 Driver ' Bats. Every requisite '. . .

fur Crielt. Unequsilel Tennis Rsekets. Every requisite for Ls.wn

Teutvs. Bt Value Croquet. Modest or Sunerb. Hizh Grade Golf Cluhs. Hvery requisite for Golf. As. toed Sports Outfit,er for their CAtalogne. If not pre,urable. apply to 33 k 33. Q teen Vietoris-strest

, London. Factories —Peckham. London and 'Simi Suff

WARRINGTON V ANC tl% --3aturdav last wig the day seeate.l for rhe benefit o. Thewlis, toe Warrington profe3- sional. There w 156 larxe attend trill on the &rple ground, arid a gond match WAS wita,ased The Alancheater club wse the ominiing teiim, arid they were driiidedly blateu. Scar . and boarlinz analy4is

WARRI _YGTON. MANCEIgSTER. TO Connor b VoAt .... ...... 46 J F Arno L.l c Voisey b B s;.ilno-k b Lord Thewli• b Vost Dr 11 Smith b Tayl,r J Callon 0 Bentley b 'Pa- It W Tindal I) Smith lO flail l4 Thomts a end b Thewlis... 0 ti Clarke b Vost 39 G trnb e b Thewlis J W tlibbV b Lord 2O A Leon b tionn.ir L A Voisey et Thomas b .1`1,1(4. b Thylis ... ....... Lord 1 B Nlorgan o Thomas b Lord b Connor 4 Lori G /tampon c Bentley b Tindall _

WklPolnore not out ExtrAs

BEGIING IN BoLD-STIMET. —Joseph Mcßae was charged with begging In Reild-s'reet and Wilson Patten-street, on Saturday night. The officer said at twenty minutes to eight en the night in question he saw prisoner acco4 several people. In Bald-street he saw him accost two young men, and he re- ceived money from one.—Prisoner now said he was just corning into the town and wanted money for his night's lodgings. He would go out of the town at once if they would let him go.—The Oh ef Constable: Oh yes! They all say that. It h a queer thing that these frolows can always find Thld-street when they are strange to the town.—The magis- trates committed prisoner to gaol for 14 days hard labour.

Total 203 Total ll5 BOWLING ANALYSIS, WIRItt NG CON. M LNCEILCSTER. 0. M. ft W. 0 M. R W. Taylor 233 10 '9 2 Dr Smith .... ..... 10 227 3 11-ntley 7 317 0 Thewlis 2l 3 542 5 1.,0rd l6 830 4 It Uounor Vo,t 2l 571 3 It W Tiadall 5 1 18 1. Gamble

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (chtirman). ani Mr. T

LIANDUDNO V. wlnarNarox. At LlAn la Inn on Yon lay. Score :

Birch*ll.

DRUNK AND Dreolunser:Y.:slr-or- beinz drunk and disor- derly in filutcher'salane on Monday afternoon, John Mahoney and Eliza Williams were dealt with.—P 0 Clough gave evi'a deuce as to the condition and diso deny behaviour of the prisoners. ifs hod had numerous complaints of indecent be- haviour in Sletcher'e-lane.—lnspector Phillips stated that both prisoners were drunk.—The Chief Constable said the female prisoner had been thirteen times before the bench. This was the first appearance of the male prisoner —The magistrates fined nahoney bs. and cents. and Williams was committed to prison for 14 days wilheut, the option of a fine.—William Thomas Sheimardine was fined ss. and costs on a charge of being drunk and disorderly the previous night in Miiner-street.—P.O. Dawsoe proved the ease. SOLDIERS V. POLICE.—John Chambers. a collier stationed at °Hoed Barracks, who appeared in the box with a scar above the left eye and his clothes blood-stained, was charged with being dru,lk and refusing to quit the Heo Pole inn about eleven o'clonk the previous night: and further with assaulting Police-Sergeant Holllngworth and Police Con- stables Monks and Saokey whilst in the execution of their duty.—The prisoner pleaded guilty to the first p irt of the charge but denied the assault.—Jeremiah Glbberd, licensee of the HOP Pole Inn, stated tha'. the prisoner was in the long singing room about 10.51 Witness wss lathe bar when he heard a disturbance in the singing room. On going there he saw the prisoner anal another :min fighting over the table. Prisoner had his belt in his hand, our, struck a man named Burke. Witness endeavoured to eject him but was struck whilst doing so. Police-Sergeant Hollingworth then came upon the scene, and took the belt from prisoner. lie saw the prisoner butt the serg ant in the face. Police Constables Monks and Sankey afterwards rendered assistance and the prisoner was taken to the police station. The prisoner was very violent and he thouzht there oueht to be more restric- tions on the soldiers.—The Chief Con-table: Perhaps If landlords of public houses would not fill them so much with drink they would be quieter.—Witnees : That was not so in this case.—Mr Gannett: Was the Prisoner drunk ? Witness: No.—The Chief Constable: He would not say so if he were.--Sergeant Hollingworth give evidence as to visit- in' the long singing room at the Hop Pel s Inn. and finding from eient to ten persons fighting. Witness spoke to a mall named Burke who pointed to the prisoner as the man who had thrown a glass at him (Burke). Burke's face was Cut. The prisoner had his belt in his hand and struck at Beek with it. Witness took the belt from prisoner who at- tempted to strike and kick him, and succeeded in butting witness with his head under the thin. The prisoner was taken into custody but he was rescued from witness by several young men and women who were in the room. Police Constables Monks end Sankey came to his assistance,and the prisoner was secured. He was very violent 00 the way to the police station and assaulted the constables.—P.O. Monks gave evidence a, to assisting to get the prisoner to the pollee station. Witness was kiceel on the elbow, and legs. —P.O. Sankey gave corroborative evidence. RII.I stated that he also was assaulted. Prisoner was mad drunk.—The prissier sold he was sorry for what had occurre I He must have been drunk or he would not have done what bad been state 1.— Mr. Garnett said it was very painful to seen young man. 21 years of age, in such a position. There was no doubt he had been under the influence of drink which had led him to slo things which in his sober senses he would not have done. He would be committed to prison for one month, hard labour, without the option oh s fine for aesen'ting the pollee.

LLANDT.M.IO. WARSIINgTON. T Bibby retirerl hurt Dr TeaVill C SIICOCk b W 811co6c b Mura ThewLis Dr limkhart Mure eV:tamp- .. F Caton a Alarzan h —_ _..

..,. ..--.......-- ,-- .. son h Thawlli J ri alkwa:le Hill b Thew- II 3.101 gnu c rraris b Black I;s . 26 wall . 2l J 0 F Connolly c Thewlis b J Unswerth a • liforAan b Thorupson 128 Blackwill A Halstead ran out II 4. Turner b Thansp4on 1 —Thompson c Atlitrelgi b II I-I Morg‘n c Willtimon b ?jure l6 Tbewlis Il AI Yoang lbw bLh nuts- —Uns worth 13 Halstea t 0 sts-t 0 —l3rill not out... ........ .. 4 H L C Andrews nut out 4 lixtras

Total ((or 9 wkt,s) 229

Tot3l (Cor 9 wlan) 9:

--- -- • Vi IRRINGToN 2•413 T. SVIGSM 2Nll,—Tlnis rn itcli WAS played at Aroley on Monclay,and unclad ia a win for the home tet'll lify seven runs. Score : W GIN. WARRINGTON. 13,11 b Bibby .. 1 B Connor b Brown ?«,:fer blB Connor Ainswo^th 518 Connor Ashton b B Counot .... Allen b B Connor Ralph b Bibby 8 Roger Taylor a iii Connor b Cromp- R berts b Roger ton Ward Is Bibby Chorlson b Crompton.— ..... 0 Lavill c Brown b Ball 4 Duck worth not out Br7wn b Bibby lB Harupsou b Brown Extras 6 Extras l3

Total 59

Total 65

WHITECRoSS (WARRINGT )N) V FIATTON.—PIayed at Hatt/in on Sat:4May. and ended with an exciting finish, the visitors winning by two runs. Score :—Whitecross, 55; Hatton, 54. 41.1tPLET 224 D V. WORKINGMEN 8 MISSION.—At, tpley Scare :

_ M14910N. ARPLEY. Whittaker run ow, 0 Dutton b Dunn :,rnith b Roberts Chre b Roberts 2 Bibby b Dunn 6 Dann b Roberts rZolc run out 0 Plinston lbw b Dunn 0 Williams b Jewkes 1 SylcPs b Smith 0 Baker c and b Roberts Cox not out . 2 Newton it Dunn Is Sm,th 3 Crossland b Roberts ..... Oleave b Jewk,s Shaw c Barnes b RobeAs Roberts not out ........ Extras 3 Extras 5

Total l4

Total ............ 42

SANKEY BRIDGF.9 WESLEVAYS V. IV /NDSOR AY EV.gYANI. Plarta at Warrington on Saturd.ty, and ended in a &iv/ Score : SANKEY BIIIDGR9. WIND:4OR VI EST, E 7 ANS. Taylor c 3.: b Ohadwiak 24 ,tubbs cSEbT ,y or 3 J.mes b Hilditch l5 J 13 Stubbs b Watkins ... 9 upson b itilbbi Li :ht 9 Chadwick Bennett b Stubbs Cotterillb Stubbs 3 Le Brun b W:tkius ......... 12 Watkins b Stu sbs Timmins b Stubbs 0 Chadwick o Gorst b Wat- Gerst c Bullen b Stubbs Pemberton b Stubbs 2 Hilditch c Bennett b Miles not out Llnscott not out 0 Ball did not bat Extra& l4 Extras 8

WARRINGTON COUN CY l'E CI Y SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY—iIefora Mr. S. It.. Armitlye (In the chair) and

Mr. Josbila

MINOR OFFENCES.—George Harsde-n-.Zialford.for riding on a horse and lurry at Rixton, on July bth. and not having Proper emtrol being asleep, was fined Mi. William Cooper Woolston, for h wing his dog at large unmuzzled on the 27th July, was fined 7s 6d. John Dixon For being drunk and disorderly on the highway at Buronwood on the 23rd July, was fined 2s. 6d, John Connor for driving without reins at Peaketh on July 18th was fined 10a. Henry Bailey for being drunk and disorderly at Newton on the 2nd August was fined ss. and costs.

CARRYING COAL WITHOUT SCALES AND WEIGHTS —lames Fisher, coal hawker was snmmoned for carrying coal without weights and scales on the Bth July at Penketh. Defend int said he had been 12 years in the coal business and was aware of the order. He put the horses in the tarry, believing the sales and weights had been put on by his father when it was loaded. The bench saic in consideration of his ex planation and as it was not a bad case they would only charge him the costs. DAMAGING OATS.—Thomas Topping. collier. vr is Sum- moned fat committing damage to oats at ISurtonwoo I, the property of the Collins Green Colliery Company on the 17th July. Defendant did not .appear. The evidence given was that defendant was tramplin e amongst the oats and when caught said he was seeking for dandelion. The bench fined the defendant the damage 6d. and the Mts. TAIIFT OF TooLS AT WooLSTON.—Joseph Johnson, and John Hardy, who were charged with stealing from a field at Woolston, on the 27th July. six spades and one pick value lls the property of Thomas Cooper. pleaded not guilty.— Thomas Cooper. brlckaaaker, cirryng on business se Wools. ton, said he «mid identiCy five of the spades and the pick, as they had tits name en. They were put against a hedge at 5 30. when the men left oi, work. He Saw them after- wards at one o'clock in the morning in the possession of the constable.—William Heath, labourer in the employ of Mr. Cooper corrooorated Bellinger. said on the day in question he was on the Manchester-road, Woolston, -near some new property in coarse of erection. He heard a noise and saw the two prisoners. The prisoner Johnson had some of the tools on his shoulder. Hardy called out " Look out here's the slop "and Johnson dr( pi,ed the tools at the gate. With the help of a dog he arrested them and charged them with the theft. The prisoner Johnson made a long state- ment, and the bench tined both of them ifs including costs, or in default 14 days,

Total 109 Total CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. ST. HELENS ST. THaNIES'S —Played on Bank Holiday at Battersby-lane. Score : ENGINEERS. ST. THOMAS. Irvine lbw b Burrows.... ..... 0 Tickle b Duckworth 4 Duckworth c and b Ward... 6 Anlrews b and c Duck- Lawless b Ward 5 worth Rolnnson b Ward 0 Jones b Duckworth ..... ... 0 Gleave c Smith b Burrows 0 Frodsharn b Lawless ...... I Delay b Burrows ... ..... Gilbort (sub) b Burrows ... 0 Ward c& b Duckworth 0 Ashron (sub, c Burrows b Simms b Duckworth Ward Hardman (sub) c Jones Duckworth 0 b Barrows 5 Smith C Irvine b Duck- Crozier not out 1 worth Williugton b Burrows Pennington b Duckworth ' 0 Extras... 7 Extras

Total 26 Total ..... ....... 24 SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. PADGATE.—PIayed at Padgtte on Saturday and resulted, after a pleasantly contested game, in an easy win for the visitors by 34 runs. Score : WIRE MILLS. PA.DOATE. Williams c Walker b Hutchins b Simpson ll Hutchins 7 Evans C 8 Howard b Boyd b Simpson Monks 1 W Howard b Simpson 0 Marshall c& b Monks Lavell 13 Hutchins ft Co'dc b Hutchins R Cock b Molks l3 Monks b Simpson 2 W Evans b Monks Llewellyn c 8 Howard b Grainger b Simpson 0 Monks 0 Taylor run out Sim own a Hutchins b Monks IHE MOST MARVELLOUS ItrADT IN THE Ho I a not, out bso 1 7 WORLD, Hamer b Monks I Extras l2 Extras

Total 113

Total 29

I In the " Wide World " Magazine for August, is the ,Icommencement of the story of the advcutures of M I Louis de Rougemont, the " mcst marvellous man in the world." At an early age M. de Rougernont left his home in Switzerland to seek his fortune in the French possessions in the Far East, but metting with a Dutch warier at Singapore he threw in Lis lot with him, and after the necessary regotiatiens were completed young De Rougemont set out on a pearling expedition in the South Seas. After about ten months work a large for- but owing to tha fact that Dttranße oiunopmeaornlst wdiasscoaymearegedid, n one shell three black pearls of wondrous beauty, his paltaer, the Datchman,insist-d upon continuing the search, although the time was upon them when the monsoons were due to change. One day when the Dutchman and his Malays had gem oat pearl- ing, De Rougemont and a dog being left alone on board the schooner, a great storm arose, and the young Frenchman never again saw his comrades. For many days he navigated the ship single-handed, but was at length east upona desert island—ant a gorgaaus.tropical place, but a tiny spit of sand me isuring about 100 ards in length. 10 yards in width, 8 feet above high-water mark. In this ghastly and appalling prison he spent two and a half years, and the story of bow he managed to keep his reason during these terrible months must be read to be adequately realized. Eventually M. de Rodgemon reached the mainland of Australia (M.N. W. coast) in a very remarkable manner, and from that time commen- ced a se.ies of adventures more weird, more horrible, more appalling, and more astounclinie than any ever conceived in the wildest fizlits of the novelist's im igination. Fr nearly thirty years M. de Rougnmont was a cannibal chief, ruling his people With the wisdom of the serpent, and maintaining he autho- rity over them in ways that are an astoun iirig revel 'don of human ingenuity. It is not to) much to say that the ' narrative of "The Adventures of Louis de Rouge nont " will create a pro'oand sensation thr ughout the civlized world, the first long and thrilling instalment appears in the current number of " The Wide Would." M. del Roulimunt comes in daily to tel his rtory, which is taken down verbatim from his lipson I iltistr‘td under his own dLect supervision. The narrative, eirsggerat-ci as the s:atement may +we +T. is far more thrilling ard rernirkable than the two cla,s cc. T.V.si;itsoFrr byuYtheiwllyin;l°lans" already hen RoVusoa Crueoe," beon gone into by such eminent geographical experts as Dr. Scott Keltis and Dr. Hugh Robert Mill, who are perfectly natistiocl as Ito its correctness, and have thoroughly checked it by means of charts, latest explorers reports, etc., etc. The scientificconsid considered ds ibd yh e taloneese of experts rdtes o f tf osuugee h g m onrte' sa t narrative is oCfonszcireezess o, fwtillec Britishw illbeAssociation i for the imp r t a n c e that a paper is being prepared to be read at the British advancement n September.

BLNEET WIRE MILLS v. DiVENHl3l.—Plaved at Daven ham an UoidaY. and resulted in a win for the visitors by 3 runs. Scare : WIRE MILLS. DAVENHAM. Williams b Sykes Woo Wank e G Hayhurst b Marsh %II Vyvyan Lawson .3 J Yates b M VI Yates b Llewellyn...-. 0 Yat, s Mar .oall c M Yates b J Yates c Llewellyn b Sykes 3 :,vans C J Yates b Vyvyan e W Evans b Vvvvan W Evans b M Yates Clarke 0 4 Hayhurst b Cheshire et Cook b Mar- -11. shall ........................... 0 Lsvel c J Yates b Vyvyan 1 Sykes b Lawton Hawthorn is 31 Yates Llewellyn (3 G Hayhurst b Kettle b kilarshal, M Yates Cooke no; out Extras 5 Extras 6 Tote.! LATCITP.3III3 BAPTIST 2ND V. MOORE 2ND.—Played at Moore on Satutday. Score : MOORE 2ND. I.s.TCEIr 3RD DAPTIST. Banner b W Una wor h Antrobus b W Unsworth ... 0 W Newall b Antrobuo .•• 0 B Smith° and b TJusworth 5 S Unsworth b Baines Baines b Newell Griffiths b W Unsworth David.son e Lloyd b Wilkio- Byes is Baines son Oulton c Jacques b Uns- Barber b Antrobos ...... ... 11 worth Deere b W Unsworth Eyler b W (Jnaworth Millington b Wilkinson Gaudy not out 3 Extras ... 5 Extras 5 Total 4l Total LIVERPOOL POLICE ATHLETIC V. WIDNES.—At Widnes on Saturday Score : PJLICE ATIMET.C. WIDNES. If yell c 1) Jones b 3 Metcalf b Jackson Jones Jackson b Wall 29 Parkinson b Holbrook ... 35 Ross a D Jones is Kyle l4 Callon b Holbrook .... ..... 7 Hall 0 Metcalfe b J Tvriss run out Jones Earns 0 Gardiner b 3 Edwards is At'Lellan Jones Holbrook b 3 Jones 4 Gardiner b Holbrook 0 Robinson is Wall 0 3 Jones b Hubrook ...... ... 0 Bishop b Wall 0 Kyle not out Ll•Lellan net out... 3 Grey run out 0 Hartley b Wa11... 0 Extras 6 Extras

Total B3

Total

To Mornnas.--Mrs. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup too been used over fifty years by millioni of mothers for their chil- dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve tho poor sufferer immediately. ft is pleasant to taste ; it prp- cluces natural quiet Sleep by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes as bright as a button." Of all chemists 18.10. per bottle.—Advt.

THE EXAM !NE! FRIDAY, AUGUST 5 1898.

EIRLYAT•VIN • ST. HELP:NS.—The return fixture between the.. clubs was plard n. Earlestown on Saturday. In the o, ening ruitch St. Ite:ens were victorious, but on Saturday riestewn managed to wia a well fought pIMP by 16 rata. Ifarrislo from the second tsam was destru:tive with the ball. capturing 5 wickets ter 19 runs. Score :

i.RLII.STOb N. ST. HELENS. G llusbuul e Turner b A Orompton b Harrison... 7 W, wring T Marsh b Fox 14 FOrebbtri b Fox 8 W Hewitt o Jenkinson b W H Crowther lbw b Harrison WH1111,4 W Jenkinao i o Rod b Pox 1 li N Turner b thlerson ... 12 0 Hipwood b J Simm 29 Joseph SIMUIL b Alderson 0 W Hatton b J 'iimm ...... .... _. _ _

F Reado b Fox 8 Alde-son J H Alderson b J rlm... 0 J F May c Mitchell b Har- T MitAiell 3 Corner b Fox G rißo 4 W Harrison not out .....• 0 3 S B‘te not 0ut.... .... 9 Jit Fox lbw b Aldardon 0 Extras .......... ..... 3 ExtrAs

Total 142 Total 126 EARLESTATY 2ND v. Sr. H E LENA 2ND.—At S. Rble..lB on Saturday. Srore

ST. HELENS. FARLESTOW T. It haw c Limond h Davies 9 P 'Butler b J EtSinam 29 Joseph Simm h Davies J 11 imu b J Hiirr,tl a Dries b J 14 P ewtOl 0 Sarr,ll b 81rtim Davls CI A Limond b Shaw ..... 36 J wilcox b ,Tarton H Bingham b Hatton—. P 04Ices c Hattori b Davies 0 b Shaw ll J Grico is Tar tick b Davies 0 A Tart:m.3k not ou:

===== 0002601_18980805_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ELSIOR and NEW HOWE CYCLE3,—GARLAND Iran onger, Warrington. CYCLING and TOUrtING /MAXI MAPS.—Jo ur.r S. GREEN. Stationer, rte., 3&, Bridge-street, Warrington NNW RAPID CYCLES.—GARLARD, 51, Eridge-etre2t, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
H J Fort h Craton.. 2 U GreeaAll c Orrice b

tsb,sris bOw es ........ 4 Shmv 11 tio:lingsvosth not out 1 sir Hnsba:sti c Tabern b Bingham J Vernon b 1 J Hatton b Oakes . Extras 7 Extras lO

Toti 43

Totat 90

BOWLING. EARLESTOWN BOWLING CLUB.

On Siturdav afternoon a htft.Hcap at howls wail played on tho Vi .do In9titute Club groan for Mr. J.W. Thorp's annual prize, The green was in fair condition, though a trifle hard, and Rome bitereating gamor were witnel.eci. There cirri., 34 entrieii, and the fir.t priz was taken by A. Jan:fts, sicdnd P. Caldwell, third J. B

RI:MTS. ROYAL OAK v. BLACK BRAR.

These teams ,eet on the .reoluirt, of the farmer on Sat:inlay the home taarti searing eight games to their opponents' three winning hanchomely by 55 aiots. Appen d e d are the scores :

11117 AL OAK. BLACK BEIR. H Jackson l3 W Boardman 2 A Isherwood l3 T Nixo,t 3 McLean (capt.)...... ..... . ... 13 II Pimaln7ton (cwt.) 5 F Daniels J FtHingham B Wy2herley 3 T Wright /3 4 Pannall F. Pownall l3 II Taylor 0 X Hambl.a 3 Foo'ter 3 McLinton

12f: Majority for Royal Oak, 55.

ANCIENT AND MODERN BRITONS.

" Tha anc'eat Britons," says Plutarch, " only began o grow old at 120 years." Th-iy were a wonderful people—.;hose ancient Brito-,.. Authorities say they were remarkable for tbeir fine athletic form, their great strength and swiftness of foot, They excelled in wr s hog, climbing, mad all sorts of p tvcd eaetc:se. 'lThey wee patimt of pain, toil and suffe•ing, and accustomei t t ear hunter, cold, and al manner of tia.-Is,iips. They coeld rim into morasses whereof EaLland;had Vent? in Z.C(Fe time—and lived th,re for days withoat eating,up to their necks in inavk and mire. The'r arm., eg..4, and thighs were always left nak‘el, and. fr che in etport, were pair.te I blue— a neat, cheap, a if attr active style of deco ation. And thPy could fight too—as we might imagine. So aim Romans disc.wered when, in their masterful war they undertook to get possession of this island. Gold- smith ears the Ancient Britons lived almost wholly on scorn, berries, arid water, a diet which the poorest of Modern itritani+ would regard AR v ry bin and nneatis. factory. Y-t they were splendid speciinnna of man- hood, and didn't begin even to think about growing old until they had enj)yed 120 years of active

That the modern Briton falls below this standard will not he disputed. You may remind me that the ancient Brion WV,' a savage. Well, what does that prove ? It proV?s that a savage life is more conthnive to health than a civilized life, Why ? It proves that he modern Briton is phys,cally a degener- ate. Again, why ? While you are turning the matter over in your mind I will copy a short chapter from the autobiography cf a modern Briton.

" For ovar fourteen years," be writes, •‘ I was ill. M,-st of the time I had a poor appetite, and after eating suffered from weight and distention at the chit and at the stomach a grinding, gnawing pain. Some- times it seemed to me that my intestines wi ra tied in a knot. Exhausted, tired, and more or !less in pain, I live] ale ng thus yea alter year. "Ira alsrah, 294, I took a chill, which was followed by an attack of rheumatism. I had dreadful pains all o r me, asd my hands aisd feet were stiff and drawn. F inails' I w s obliged to crawl to bed on my hand 3 and knees• Walk I cost I flit, a, y more than I could fly. All my chest and left ad . was affected, and I was in ako lies of pail. I was 'mai la to turn in bed or to take my arm, out of the he 'clothes. A:doctor attended M 9 for ei ht w. eks and prescrio. d fo.nentatiims, hich g ye bat little relief. 0 Whit mday (UN), through a letter of recom- mendation frorn,Rev. Canon Dyke, Vicar of:Ail Saints. I. was removed ia a eab to the Maidstone Hospital. TIV2IB I lay in bed five weaks, living solely on milk. Two wells later lIA s the hospital,feeling a trifla batter. But I was a low-sairited, dejecel man, with an idea that I should never be of much use again.

" In August my friend, Mr. 1::-mt. of tii:s pi,ace,urged me to try Mother Seigel's Syrup, which, he said, cured him. I had no faith iu it, but got a bottle from Messrs. lorverett and Frye, in High-etreet , and after using it a few days felt much rolieved. Continuing to take this rnedicini tho p tin and stiffaess rapidly abate I, and after consult.): ng four bottles I was completely well and have not had a pain or an ache since. " The pain and dietre=s after meals alio dis Appeared, ' and I am now so bright and light hearted I wonder if I am the came man. My friends were astonished at My recovery, and I tell:them, and everybody, that it was entirely due to Mother Seigel's Syrup. I will gladly reply to incoiries."—(Signed) Maurice Goodield, 78 Melvelle-road, Maidstone,Kent, Jancary 30, 1895. To discuss the general influence of a civilised life on the health and physical structure of man is impossible in this bri f a rticle. One thing, however, i 3 certain, that civilisation, as now underatood, carries with it condi- tions which impair or cripple the most important funC- time of the body—namely, the digestion. This is the prevailing disease of recent times and toe prolific mother of nearly all tho ailments which afflict us —mak- ing pain and weakeeis universal, spoiling our enjoy meat and our working power, and sending us to our graves year before we should be due there under other circumstances.

Abolish this curse and 1 sie no reason why the modern Briton should not improve until a comparison with his ancestors did him less discredit than (we must admit) it dos at present. And so far as a single remedy can con- tribute towards this result Mother Seigel's Syrup does its part. And what a man for business, adventure, dip. lornaey, and war, the average Brion will hi, when his life is a stream of pewer, unbroken by illness and un- touched by time for 120 years. We smile grimly at the fond ; yet, mingled with the soil of England is the dust or men to whom such an experience was the rule. Why may it not be so a_gain ? Why not ?

===== 0002601_18980805_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

--- ST. MARY'S &P.C. ANNUAL MEETING. At the annual meeting of too Warringt n sc. Mary's. Football Club, the balaoce sheet, which showed a sum at LI 03. 9L to the good was adopted. The Rev. Father Merrier, who presided nyFr tho meeting, presented, on bphalf of the meinbers of the club, to Mr. H. Miller, on the occasion of his marriage. a silver-mounted umbrella, suitably inscribed. The election of officers resulteel as follows :—Messrs. Jlhn Mather captain,and John Hard- man vics -captain of the, first team ; T. Elennigan cap- tain, and 'I. M. Dilworth, vice-captain of tne reservo team ; 1. Mather secretary, and —Miller assist int secre- t Irs• ; T. D rlan, hon. treasurer ; and committee, James Mather, J. Bannon, H. Rigby, H. Miller, John Mather, And E. Wilcox. Both teams have entered the Warring- ton and District League.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
G KNE HAL NEWS.

Mr. Harry Eltoft, so'icitor, Manchester, has been appointed chi f 'lrk in the Manchester Court of Record. at a salary of £350 per annum. There were sixteen candidates.

A. Mtlocl Bl h telegram says that Mr. Soloman Statham, fifty years of age. gentlemen tarmer, WA. knocked down by a cyclist en Friday alight, and died a few hours later. A party ot live I .bourers, excursionists from Manchester, were in a bolt on the Derweut at Matlock. on Monday in charge of a boatman when it capsized. A man named Riley W5B drowned, but all the others were rescue I.

Four excursionists were bathing at Yarmouth on Monday when one of them Ernest West, 19 years of age. got out of Ws depth, and, despite the efforts 01 his companions, was drowned. _ _

A boy named Byes was drowned at Gravesend on Monday morning whilst trying to rescue another lad named White White was afterwards picked up by henry Jackson, a sea- man, of Hull.

The second charge against, Von Veldthelin of blackmailing and attempted yip:ones his been withdaawn by the State. He has ben put over the borthr under the Expulsion Law as an undesirable person. An additional estimate was issued with the Parliamentary papers on Saturday, showil,g that £Z23O is required to defray the expenses eonueeted with the public funeral of Mr. Glad- stone.

Since everyone nowadays writes his or her memoirs. it should musei no surprise that M. Deibler, the French heads- man, who is about to retire on a pension, has resolved to fall In with the f,isPon.

A report has reached Bombay that Lieutenant. Warren- Swettenham, of the led Battalion Bast Yorkshire Regiment, hits been severely mauled by a panther while on a sporting exp' Harri,t, Storeva Bei must girl, in the employ of a chemist at Ashby-de-la-Zotich, died on Sonday In hospital from burning injuries, Sty, was anxiou, to attend a Sunday School treat and, hurry;ng with her work, placed benzoline on the fire' An exolosioo followed, and Storer was frightfully burned. Another accident with the cible tram c curreA at Douglas on Tirelday night. While a porter named Thomas Sexton was pollin,4 a load of luggage up Prospect-hiil a tram came into collision, and the injuries Sexton re.eived. necetsitated I his removal to the hospital. Martin Thorn, the barber convicted in November last of the murder under atrocious circumstances of William Golden- sunpe, Turkish bath attendamt, whose body was afterwards cut up and disposei of piecemeal, was executed by electricity on Monday, in Sing Sing Prison. A fatal accident happened on Saturday evening to a Hui enclist named Farr. He was riding with some companions from Hull to Scarborough. When descending Staxton Hill, near Seanser.lie lost control of his machine and ran violently against a gate. sustaining severe ihjuric to the head. Death took place Ghortiv afterwards. _ . _ _ _

„ At the LiverpOol Assizes on Tuesday, before Mr. Justice Belt e, Mr. Edmund Tearle, the actir, was awarded £4O damages agalnst the proprietors of the ” Birmingham Daily Post " for liliei contained in a criticism of the production by Mr. Tearle of a flee' elay entitled" The Christian's Cress and the Martyr's Crown." Vessel arriving at New York contin :ss to report having seen bodies which are untoubtedly those of some of the vic- tims of the Bourgoyne disaster. On Sunday the steamer Wes tertiland, when its latitude 43 degrees north, loagtitude British steamer Hiawatha In the vicinity. A 60 degrees west. passed the bodies of Z 6 men and two women. , She et thesigt 'tPenitgliee Pollee Court on Tuesday. Morrie Abrahamo- Vitch was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for at- . After being sentenced the prisoner swats i erupting to pick pockets at the (tryst,' Palace Railway but he was carried Into an adjoining room and an emetic was administered. Si otwa teiiimeoervonMpooni sdoany, The four games which were to decide the tie between Pillsbury ant Tarraseh for the first place in the International Chess Tournament have now been played off, with the result Ifiraseis consequently wins the first prize of 6,CS that Tarrasch won two games and Pillsbury oue, while one was draa n. florists, and Pillsbury the second of 4,0.0 f ./rins. It is said that the difficulties mot with by Mr. Stephen Crane In finding e publisher for his " lied Badge of Courage" ' were so many and so toemiclable th It he himself get up and printed on a hand-Press an editims of tha book. A copy of it was sent to several Eng.ish papers, and ou. th 3 strength of the favourable notices it received,an offer was soon to hand to continue the publication. Ellen Collins, forty years Of ago, died In a terrible agony on Saturday night, at Stamford as the result of upsetting a paraffin lamp She had a cnild in her arms, end was prepar- ing for bed when the mishap occurred, She was speedily enveloped in dames, and a man named Chapman, hearing her screams, rushed to her assistance and got burned in b•s ill sits to rescue the child and extinguish the fire.

A destructive fire occurred at Norwich on Monday. Break- ing out in the premises of a rote and twine manufacturer, which were burnt down, the flames spread to the warehouse and shops of Messrs. Chamberlain Sons, and Co., drapers, causing carnage estitnatr lat £60,000. Tho building of the Norfolk and ttorwich Library was also guard, and a large proportion of its vamable contents destroyed. At the Liverpool Assizes on Monday, before Mr. Justice Risley. Francis Howland Morphy, a labourer, who on the 10th ii June murdered two of his aMldrets and attempted to murder another child and the woman with whom he was livinz' was declared to be insane and was ordered to be dc- biied iii a criminal lunatic asylum during her Majesty's pie Imre. At losods A‘sizes, on Tuesday Thomas William Hall (26), commission agent, was indicted for the murderof his wile at Bra fiord on May 27. The married life of the pa-ties had been molt miserable, the prisoner giving way to drink and repeatedly ill-using his wife, striking her, kicking her, and kneeling upon her. He was found guilty of manslaughter and sentenced to ten years' penal servitude. A remarkable accident occurred on Tuesday morning ten miles oftYarnoouth. on the torpedo-destroyer Porcupine. to Seaman Thomas Mitchell. belonging to Plymouth. A tor- pedo had just been discharged, when its propellor caught Mitchell's wrist, and the blades, making 1,21.0 revolutions per minute, cut through his wrist, severing the bone and tendons, and causing profuse hernorrage.

A number of worknaen engaged in alterations behind Maj,r House, Clitheroe, have discovered in the course of the excavation the skeleton of a human body. ALL the bones were foiled except the skull buried in quicklime at a depth of about three feet. Tha condition of the bones suggest that they have been there many ye Ira. There is no clue to their !dentity, but the circumstances of their discovery point to a c.ime having been committed. Glasgow telegram reports that two men and three women went out from Campbeltown in a small sailing boat on Mon- d.,y afternoon. and soon afterwards the craft was capsized by a squall. Tha party were picked up by fishermen and put on boa, 1 her Majesty's ship Curacoa. Miss Hansen and Miss Fletcher were brought round, but Miss Hansen's mother and one of the men who was engaged to Miss Hansen, died from the eff,cts of the immersion. Prince Bismarck died on Saturday night. His condition, which had been regardeo as favourable on Friday. changed for the worse on Saturday, and at eleven o'clock after being unconscious for some hours, he passed peacefully away, sur- rounded by his Wally. The news was received with some- thing like consternation in Berlin. The Emperor was on the Net wegian ccast in his yacht. He was profoundly effected by the news of the death of the great statesman,and gave otders at once for the return to Kiel.

On Friday night three boys were playing on the banks of Rockdale Canal near the Ten Acres Lane Lock, Newton Heath. Their attention was attracted by something in the water, and the eldest of the three, Leonard Parkes, eight years of age, residing in Belgrave-street, fell into the lock. His ceropanions ran home to their parents but before assistance was at hand the boy had disappeared. The buoy was afterwards recovered.

The oldest Watt engine in the world is said to be one in the possession of the Birmingham Canal Navigation Co. It was canstructed in 1777 by Messrs. Bonito,' and Watt, an i was built with a cylinder of 321 n. diameter and a stroke of Sit. It has been in regniar work since its erection till the beginning of the present year. when it was removed to the company's station at Ocker Hill, Tipton, where it will be re-ere 'ted and kept as a relict. Blectrlc aerial beacons for lighting city streets may not improbably be brought into use before long. The Russian military authorities have b en experimenting with captive balloons carrying powerful search lights, and the effcct ot a single cluster of 5,00-candle power raised 1,807 feet high is to give thorough illumination over an area below of 500 yards diameter. The cable through which electricity is supplied to the lamp forms a core to the anchoring rope. Mr. Thomas Kibon. a woollen mill owner, of Stroucisberg. Pennsylvania. at one p.m. on May 18th donned a suit of clothes made from a fleece which was on the sheep's back at seven o clock in the morning of the same day. This instance ot lightning shearing, spinning, weaving. cutting. and sew- ing is stated to mark a record. The next to it was a former championship held by Gatashiels,Seotland, where eight hours were taken in gaing through a similar performance.

An inquest was held at Chadderton, near •Oldham, on Wednesday, on the bodies of William Shaw, labourer, ayed forty-Ilya, and Elizabeth Taylor, aged twenty one, who died, it is supposed, from the effects of eating veal pies on Satur- day last. Over twenty persons who partook of the pies are suffering from the effeeta,and the jury adjourned the inquiry for a wok ia order that a post-murtem examination should be made.

A coroner's investigation was held at Ryde on Tuesday into the death of Ernest Veseey by drowning on Bank Holiday. Deceased in the evening went to the pier and fell asleep on a Belt. At ten o'clock he was seen to be hanging over the side of the pier by the rails, and next instant he fell Into the water. His body was not recovered until Tuesday morning.—There was nothing to suggest s uicide, and the jury returned an open verdict. A. terrible yachting accident occurred four m Iles north of Douglas on Tuesday. Five visitors to the island—two of whom were women—had gone out mackerel fishing with Mr. EWMIS, of Liverpool, in his yacht Katie. The yacht capsized off olayhead,and Mr. Evans and all the members of hls party but one were drowned. The survivor was Miss Bates, daugh- ter of a professional swimmer. She was able to swim to a rick, and afterwards, with much difficulty, to make her way ashore. One of the men also swam to the rocks, but was washed off. Several of the visitors belonged to Liverpool. The disadvantage of the dynamite gun,used with such effect by the Americans lately, lies in the comparatively short limit of its range. It is. however, proposed to remedy this defect, and the method of doing so bids fair to admit of such extension that no bounds can be net upon possible theoretical performances. Along the tube through which the charge of dynamite is driven by the force of expanding air a series of supplementary apertures are to be provided, and as the shot passes each of these a further blast of air from a compression chamber will be admittel. Given a sufficiently long tabs and a sufficient number of apertures, and the projectile eon be thrown for miles.

The great model of the earth, which has been projected and talked of with Increasing frequency of late, is apparently nearing the stage of materialism. M. Realm', the French scientist, has prepared particulars of a plan for constructing a ball whose surface will represent by each square luck a model of 64 square miles of the earth. The depth of every river and the light of every bill of importance will bo repro- duced to scale. The ball will be 84ft in diameter, or about half the size of the dome a St. Paul's. The nistanee separat- ing New York and London on the eutface will be 30f I. Paris and London will be 3fl apart. The Parisian Exhibition of 190 was to h%ve had this model earth as an attraction, but monetary considerations have c tutted the idea to be given up, and now M. tteclus has come to London to see what can be done. To give tac:lities for examining every part conveni- ently, a circular staging is to be erected round a circular bath or pond filled with water, and in this will float the globe, which wilt be hollow. Very little force will then be usces- s .ry, to bring part after part to the level of the spectatm's eyes.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
JOI YROM, PRAMICAL VIOLI. _;R AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of Cf. A. Chanot), 37, RnisHAW-STREBT. LIVBEPOOL.

iTIN B- IN MAKE

===== 0002601_18980805_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
X RARE FRENCH * ENGLISH WORKS Curios, Facetice, Illustrations, &c. VERY VALUABLE PRIVATE COLLECTION. CATALOGUE iJ. POSTAGE 201,4, H. BOUVIER, 44, Rue St. Georgel X PAM& ,gl,-

J

===== 0002601_18980805_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
4 14 iulll fererg, bS LIN!! It cur! • •

===== 0002601_18980805_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ii• lIS _ )1019 , )0, iG • /lej. One Tablespoonful of Mason's 'Cr, One Gallon of solendul Beer. A GALLONS PRIME BEER r,'-rt'frezql.voairTitTll

===== 0002601_18980805_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary postage.

5-0 is.m.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ~

===== 0002601_18980805_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
- - RkZEIVING HOME— *Barlestown

SUB-OFFICES -- *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubsbaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statiog (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction..... Church-st., Golborne. Legh Street. Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

Parcels are despatched f town at 9 a.m. and 6 p. time as letters.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERINS AS FOLLOWS :- 1 To Callers.

Flngland, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsbam, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire . Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport Pr...scot, Wigan, Orm s- kirk Watt v & Earlestown Lrndon. Foreign, and the South nldiand Counties & South Wales,- Preston, Nor,l Lancashire, New- ton-y-Willows, St. Helens, and

Cheater Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland tilasgow. Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midland, Northern, eastern Counties, Sc Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stratton London & Foreign, South, and S - ;.,lisstern Counties •

° a.m. 10-30 „ 10.45 . 11-30

12-0

„ I. 3-15 ,

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfleld, Barletdown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Chester, Crewe. London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mall) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWales,Preston,St.Helens. Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makertleld,Barlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport .and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

5,10 a.m.. 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. E 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 arn md 7 p.m. 8-30 an., and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

430 p.m

9-55 a.m, Nil. Nil. NIL. Nil. J-55 a.m, 10-30 a.m

Nil. Nil Nil. Nil. Nil.

NH. 10-15 ft.m Nil.

from the Receiving Office at Earlt ).m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam

k 2-15 p.m.

By Postmen . 7-0 a.ns.

11-30 a.m

3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
6-45 a.m.

}7 -0 a. a'ext a

===== 0002601_18980805_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAOE AT BOLD-STItEET WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

HALLAM-POTTS.

------- - - --- On Thursday last. week: the marriage of Miss Ethel Mary Potts, the only daughter of the Rev. William Potts. superintendent minister of the Warrington Circuit to Mr. Arthur Hallam, of West Bridgford, Nottingham, was solemnized. The ceremony was performed by the father of the bride, assisted by the Rev. John Llathley, of Manchester. The hymn. "The voice that breathed o'er Eden," was sung at the com- mencement of the ceremony, the choir b-ing in attendance. Suitable music was also rendered by Mr. Harrison, the organist. The bride was prettily attired in a cream dress of flowered alpaca and silk, trimmed chiffon, with bridal veil and wreath. The bridesmaids were Miss Edith Wallis and Miss Frances Hallam' sister of the bridegroom. They wore charming dresses of cream popliu,with sashes and flehus of cream chiffon. That of Miss Wallis' was lined with yellow silk,and that of Mies Hallam with eau-de-nil silk. They wore bats of white chip trimmed with plumes and chiffon and paste buckles. The best man was Mr. A. G. Potts of , Accrington. The bride was given away by Dr. W. J. Potts (her brother.) , After the ceremony the guests including Mr. and Mrs. George Hallam, the father and mother of the bridegroom Mr. George Hallam, junior, Mr. and Mrs. Enoch Wallis of Long Eaton, Mrs. Armitage, , Professor Durley,of the McGill University,Montrea l. Rev. W.G.and M rs.Ti iggs,Mre.o ennell,Mrs and. Miss I Ilarbottle, Mr. F. A. Potts, and Miss Entwisle of London, were received at the home of the bride's , father. Later on the bridal pair left for Aberystwith where the honeymoon is being spent. They have ! been the recipients of a large number of presents , from friends in Nottingham and Warrington as well . as from previous circuits in which the bride's father , has travelled. The following is a list of presents :—Mr and Mrs Hallam, bedroom suite ; Mr and airs George Kellam. table cutlery ; Miss Hallam. case of silver spoons and tongs ; Misses and , Master Nallam, pair of brass-framed mirrors : Rev William and sustwTiets , chequeQueen A myl sihouseholdlver a t elinen pot;c Potts ; Potts atntds ' and Miss Edith Wallis, silver tea caddy ;Mr Frank Potts, silver toast rack ; Mrs Armitage, crown Derby ornament ; Mr and Mrs 6 Wallis, silver mustard pot ; Mr Richard Durley, silver cream jug; Masters Wallis. plaque ; Miss wail's, oil and vinegar cruet; hir end Mrs 0 Woo 'wrest, silver salver ; Mr Norman Jones, eiderdown guilt 4Pa Norman Jones, silver muftineers and case; Miss Bade Jones, , water colour picture ; Mr VVClifion, table silver ; Sir' Hutchinson, table silver ; Mrs J 3 Hill end family, brass gong ; Mrs Billet, cut glass pickle jsr and water bottle ; Mr Walter Hiteeings, silver serviette rings ; Mr and Mrs Frisby, gong ;Miss Florrie Hall, brass flower pot Mrs Arthur Blake, silver mounted scent bottle ; Rev Owen and I Mrs Watkins, framed photo and table centre ; Miss Leathley, Werster ornament; Miss 14 Leathley, glass and sliver jam stand ; Mr and Mrs W J Campbell, silver. ish carvers ; ntir H P Richards, drawing room chair ;Mr Han), Richards, silver butter knife ; Aire 3 Jackson, hand painted sofa cushion ; Mrs N Boulton, afternoon tea set ; Miss Buoklee, set of toilet mats ; Mrs and Miss (Mason, bread fork ; Mis Goodwin, luncheon tray ; Mr and Mrs A Bretton, pair o brass candlesticks ; thimarried ladies of Bold-street Oteliel, drawing-room ci,air ; Mr and Mrs Gunneil, silver breed fork ;Mr and Mrs Henshall. ork clock ; Mrs A Sildock, satin night-dress ease ; Miss Taft, afternoon tee cloth ; Mrs Pendlebuty, Worcester cream jug and sugar basin ; Mrs J B Isaac, knitted cushion ' • Rev 0 and Mrs Haibottle- sliver sugar Main sad sifter ; Ales Grace ilarbottle, hand glass, jam spoon, Filigree "'elements •, MrsHorlie, nightdress ease, comb-bag, sideboard cloth • Mr bile, pair or bellows ; Miss Bessie Dutton, two pairs of. ornaments ; Mrs W Sleet*, silver bread fork; Miss Dykes, flower vase ; Rev W 11 and Mrs Triggs, glass butter dish ; Mrs Stringer, tray cloth ' • Mr aud Mrs Davey. book; Mrs Robert Garuett, books; Mrs Taylor, embroidered linen pillow case ; iitr and Mrs B Richardson, silver crumb scoop' Sirs William Bennett. Worcester pot pourri jar; Mr and Mrs Seaw-Gresn and family, silver sugar basin and sifter ; Sits Piget. lac.; andkerehief ; flowers from Mrs Dulison of Lynam. Mr obort Garnett mid Mrs 0 Barker.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIA.GE OF MR. ARTHUR PORRITT.

A wedding of some local interest was celebrated in St. Philip's Church, Maidstone, on Thursday last week, when Mr: Arthur Porritt, of London, younger son of Mr. John Porritt, of Warrington, and Miss Madeliene ,May Mary Day,eldest daughter of the late Mr. Prank Day, of Maidstone, were united in the bonds of holy matrimony. The offici- ating clergyman was the Rev. H. Collin, M.A., and the ceremony was witnessed by a number ot rela- tions and friends, same of whom had travelled from London and Warrington. The bride who was given away by her mother was charmingly, attired in a dram or white silk trimmed with tulle and chiffon and sprays of orange blossom. She carried a beauti- ful shower bouquet, the gilt of the bridegroom. The three bridesmaids in attendance were Miss Daisy Day (sister of the brido)and the Misses Phair. Their dresses were of white-spottod muslin over pale-blue silk with tichus and blue sashes,and hats to match. They also carried exquisite bouquets. The duties of best man were satisfactorily fulfilled by Mr. Woodall, of London. Appropriate voluntaries were played on the organ by Mr. Henniker :during the assembling of the wedding party in the church. and at the conclusion of the ceremony he rendered Mendefasohn's "Wedding March." The wedding breakfast was served at the house of the bride's mother when about fifty guests were present. Tbe Rev. Griffith Jones of Balham in proposing the toast of "the Bride and Bridegroom" gave suitable expression to the feelings of those present; and the bridegroom brirfly responded. During the afternoon a photograph of the wedding party was taken, and when the newly•rearried couple left for Scarborough, where the honeymoon is being spent, they were greeted with showers of confetti and rice. They were the recipients of a large number of choice wedding presents.'

===== 0002601_18980805_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 Extra id. Stamp

===== 0002601_18980805_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m,

===== 0002601_18980805_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBERT P. KEIt AND SONS, NURSERY AND SREDSMEN, 11, BASNIUT STREMT, AND AIGBURTII NURSERY, GRASSENDALL

===== 0002601_18980805_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVIMPOOL.

TENNIS COURTS. BOWLING GREHNS, &C. Pure Evergreen Dwarf Lawn Grass ir 16. PER Lb, SU. PIM OA T. CARRIAGH PAID. This is our Special Mixture of the very finest DWARF EVERGREEN' GrtitS EI OS, perfectly free from Seels of Weeds. FOrrie as 3UWII by 115 on our Itio;fils round the Groups of Evergreens. Ttees, and Slo'ubs, for whieli we were awarded the GOLD MEDAL, LIVERPOOL EXHIBITION, 1886, An which, from their emerald green colour and finenesS, gained the ndoninition a all vi.itors. tVs, snpolied last eeatiOn with tha great nit EatisfaCtiOn to all Lawn Grass seeds for nearly two hundred acres. NEW. PORE, AND RELIABLE. LOWFR AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest Prices for Best Quality.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
' 5 / .0;147,

RINGS, BROOCHES, BRACELETS, PINS;

PENDANTS, NECKLACES, HEAD ORNAMENTS, STARS, STUDS AND LINKS,

SPECIAL "ENGAGEMENT" RINGS OF SELECTED GEMS. At Maker's Lowest Nett Cash Prices, saving 33 per cent. Selections Sent on Approval.

Illustrated Book of Jewellery of all kinds, Watches, Clocks, Rings (with Card Sizes), Plate and Cutlery, post free.

Steam Factory: 62 & 649 LIZ ATE HILL; EIBC4 25, OLD BOND ST., VI.; 28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, LC., LOh'loll.

': .I:4',4:':' xo'' cii, '..4.' a .10 $1!"%'4•.;P.,.4%.,., ‘,5,,, '',,, e`,, ,ed, 4 , 4 'lf .A•vi ft a -$01,„4. 11".0- :14.1%., dt,i7 $:".:1•1,1-t;iy ' ,1,44

i .;;:' • 14. `". ' i A r A. ..6- ,;,:- .-•'• , t '7, • ~,, ;-. }-4'l. ..., ,_ , -...., . . . , ' '. ' t ;4, / (0.-.0-:

===== 0002601_18980805_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
F-TS J. DELL, EAM 110USb DEconATott, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, CIIOICE SELECTION OF WALL I APERS

Always in Stock. 30, SAN KEY-SMEET, WAB RUN Grras.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
P AINSTAKIN G PRINTERS are now-, days sought for by business men who study rea In announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as welt as by Nriendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies' in the c,treful production of Reports, Babtnc,3 ott;Et% : &e.; and by Musical Union:. Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged pnoanAmmEs, BOOKS OP WORDS. • PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR ALL,

• PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words Week Weeks Weeks 18 Os. 6.1. ... Is. 3d. 2s. (A. 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 104. 3s. W. 36 Is. Od. ... 28. 64. 4s. 04. 45 is. 3d. ... Ss. Id. sa. Od. 54 is. 64. ... 3s. 81. 6s. Od. These charge 4 apply only to the clasies of :Advertise merit specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otnerwise they will be charged by the Business scale : APARTMENSS WANTBD HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO IoRT HOUSES TO NH SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOE DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT WIDE PUBLICITY AT A OLIEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the Dirict OTlceg may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. &amps . rec iced for amounts under fie.

• JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

XLAPZER STEAM PRINTIG WO 11. E- -

===== 0002601_18980805_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
:E;Slitts

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, iu boxes, Is. 11d., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOl FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

W ITH a prudent 'use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the,, best. —Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS PILL

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c

]

===== 0002601_18980805_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
s • 0 .9 emon . MIND

Is having a tremendous Sale. it is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

IT ACTS LIKE rtiAGic

Boxes, of all Chemists. M. QEETHAN & ser, Chemists,FIELTEPEAM.

_ ._„,uvctrotto9 'Satisfactory alike to guests and host is coact made with; Edir,burgla. Coffees .: Essence. Sold in mnall andbottlO I) Grocerz everywhere largo: eott.-t,*-,44

(9<t‘o,

'I he Royal Lattidresses ny Oritch,ey s " STAlteit GLosa nutv,.alled for imparting a beautim finish to fthrehtd linen. die., either cold or bciling wr.ter siareh. Mr.—. Cora- wife will not finish our linen without your ma,cit Gloss:" From Mrs.—, Bradford z—Dear sir,— ' pleased to !nforus you that I have tried many so-allied rei Glazea Polial!me, but (hid nmie equal to yours." It rthed tu every noose. Snld e.t 14., t. nd 84., by ffiost starch clot fl. f not in stm,k wiit procure it. T InatlLLltrn, Prow tot,)c.—.4 rive.

171°.7 77 9 04,47eet /C 1 0 ylas CURES when all other Remedies fail

IN RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND MIMING AND SOON CURES

The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes 811 hard callosities on the soles of the feet. It you 6tiffer, try a box, you will never regret it.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
`, 1., 4 . , I I '1 t, I ,1 '

' ''' ,- ;.1 I ' • i I : , , • '1 i, . '14.„ .. ft . . i 'il f if : I

===== 0002601_18980805_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 *-,

===== 0002601_18980805_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED X..) EG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 76 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS.

NAPKINS, SHEETINGS,I,PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all 3f which they will SELL at

BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES

ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT. no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD

76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSMIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HoPE STREET. GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. "HARRYTILLE FACTORY. BALLYMERE.

SUMMER SALE.

HENRY MILES'

===== 0002601_18980805_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE OF SURPLUS STOCK

FANCY DItAPERY

AT ASTONISHING PRICES, ON MONDAY NEXT,

AND FOLLOWING DAYS.

SWEEPING REDUCTIONS

IN ALL

SEE THE MILLINERY. SEE THE GLOVES AND HOSIERY. SEE THE SHIRTS AND BLOUSES. SEE THE CHILDREN'S GOODS.

SEE WINDOWS THIS DAY.

SALE AT THREE ESTABLISIDIENTS.

HENRY MILES, 25A, CHURCH STREET

(OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL).

311 CHURCH STREET, CORNER TARLETON-STRBET,

ANN AT

EDWARDS', 58, CHURCH STREEr LIVERPOOL. (THRRH DOORS FROA LIANOVER-STRRHT),

DEPARTMENTS.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
CATALOGUES BY POST ON APPLICATION.

EPPs s COCoAINE.—Cocoa-Nib Extract. (Tea-like).—The choicest roasted nibs (broken up beans) of the natural Cocoa on being subjected to powerful hydraulic pressure, give forth their excess of oil, leaving for use a finely flavoured powder—" Cocoaine," a product which, when prepared with boiling water, has the consistence of tea, of which it is now, with many, beneficially taking the place. Its active princi- ple being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system. Sold only J, labelled tins. If unable to obtain it of your tradesman,a tin will be sent post free for 9 stamps.—James Epps and Co. Ltd., Honueoparhic Chemists, LOodon.—A.dvt.

CADBURY'S OOCII. has a w rld-wide reputation asa deli: delis, strengthening beverage°_ aid a valuable nutritive food The "Lancet" says it represents "the standard of highest purity.; Always insist on having Clanatrale—sold only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of eatrA profit.—Adas (2.

IMPURITIES IN THE 11.400D.—"We have seen hosts of letter from people who have received great benefit from the use o Clarke 's Blood Mixture. It Cannot be too highly estimates for it cleanses and cle ire the blood from all impurities. This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor. which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier tha science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases. Pimples and Sores of all kinds. Its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testimonials. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.— (4)

A CARD. rßeverend Joseph Holmes' Improved Mexican Pre. scription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weak Less, exhausted vitality, kidney or bladder diseases gravel prostate, spinal weakness, brain fag and kindred I complaints—discovered in Mexico. It has stood the test for twenty-two years. Thou.ands cured. Send a self- .ddressed stamped envelope to JOSEPH HOLMES' REMEDY 10. Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Square,London, I and particulars of this great Specific free. Mention whether for male or female. Genuine sufferers need only apply. Beware of swindling imitators and ignorant tucks.

SU N INSUUNCE OFFICE. FotINDED 1710. SUM nistritED re 1897 EXCEEDS £425,000.000.

For all particulars apply to the I ollowinst Agents : wAnioNGTorr Mesers. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-et, Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers. 55, Horsemarket- street Messrs. Voisey and Worthlngton,2lKing-street Mr. B. Lowe. 1, Bank Street.

THE NEW LEMONADE.

2 GALLONS] FOR 40.

Many People suffer from extreme thirst during the summer. Messrs. Foster Clark and Co. with their

EIFFEL TOWER LILIONADE have supplied a want that hal SO long been felt. NOT= TOWER LEMONADE is made from the finest Unions, and the great advantage is that it is partly manufactured In Italyd in the midst of the lemon orchards. The lemons are taken direct from the es to the factory to commence their transforma- tion into the EIFFEL TowEn LEMONADE. You ca.. get thirty-tWo tumblers (or two gallons) for f once oefipenny. Of all Grocers. or a sample wItS, sent free for six stamps. O. FOSTICR CLARK & CO. No. 594. EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY Maidstone.

The Health and Vigour of an individual depends neon the quantity and quality of the Blood. When the tisue have been at work there are thrown into the blood wastesre ducts. and lit be not eliminated but (through any Cape) detained in the bMod they influence nutrition and funcsion and finally produce organic disease." " The Humanitarian. In cases of Scrofula, Scurvy Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and SHoreersemofa;lll3kaidndst,egtsh.e effects of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of won- derful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture as sold everywhere,at Es. 9d. per bottle .....Beware a worthless saltation), and substitutes.—Advt. (5)

LUXURIANT LUSTROUS HAIR, with a cillo,who!e• NOM" te 4.lp,free from irritating arid scaly eruptionso pro duced by warm shampoos with CIITICIIRA SOAP, followed by light dres,iigs with CUTICIIRA, purest of amollient skin cures, the most effective skm purifiers and beauti- fiers in t'e world. They clear the scalp and hair of crusts, sc sles,aud daadruff,Sestroy microscophic insets which feed on the hair, soothe irritated and it3hlnZ surfaces, stimulate the hair follicles, and supply the rocts with energy and nourishment.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
letters to the Mitor.

ANGLICAN ROMANIS : B ALP TISMAL "REGENERATION.

Sir.—Kindly permit me to thank your correspondent, " Sursum Corda," for his learned disquisition on " Bap- tismal Regeneration." I must,noweyer, decline the op- portunity which it presents for the discussion of a dogma for which I have no sympathy. As you sir, are aware, my lel ter undPr the above heading %cal absolutely nen- contmtious : I neither sided with ncr a,talnst the d la- trine in que,tion. The purport of my communicati n was to shew,trorn official author ties.that in the mater of Baptismal Regeneration the Churches of Rome and Canterbury were of one mini. But were I asked about my views of Baptism I should Fay that I incline to the intelligerA and manly doc!rine of the public immers.on of 'Relievers as commanded by Christ and carried out by fig Apostles. The alleged regeneration and salvation of men through a religious ceremony erroneously called in- fant baptism seems a strange thing to noe,sFeing that the parties most interested in the proneedings knew nothing at all about them. _ _ _

Until I read your correspondent's letter I wag list aware that Diasenters ware bel,evers in Baptism4l Re- generation. I knew inded that most of them sprinkled their children and called the process biptiim ; but I did not know that, like their Anglican and Roman brethran, they attached soul-saying qualities to tha coremany.- -Yours truly, 'IONA.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN CO NFERENCE.

MONDAY.

The ordinatioa service -was held on Monday morning in the Kingston Chapel. There was an immense congre- gation. a large crowd having assemblel long hefcra the dcors opened.—The ministers having pastor' through their full course of probation, including in m s cases a three years' college course and four years subsequen9y spent in circuit work, were ordiined.—The service w a conlucted by the President, the Rev. H.?. Hughes, the secretary, and by several ea-presidents and other senior ministers. The charge was given by tha ea-president, the Rev. W. L. Warkinson. In the eveaing the confer. ence procee led with the revision of the stations.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

_ The pastoral sessian was resumed in Hull on Tuesday, the President in the chair. The conference, after some preliminary business, passed to the memorial service for ministers who had died during the year. The names of those who have died were read by the secretary. A significant adittion was made by the Rev. Enoch Salt, who intimated the receipt of a telegram announcing the death of Dr. Young,until recently chairrcaea of the Bir- mingham Distr ct and Governor of the Theological In- stitution at Bandsworth. The reading of the names was followed by a succession of deeply sympathetic re- ferences to the men who had fallen during the year hi' I-some of their colleagues and friends. —The Rev. J. 3. Simon brought up the report of the committee on the memorial from the Bolton district and various circuits, asking that no persons directly engaged in the manufac- ture or sale of intoxicating liquors should be elected to official positions of the church. The committee reported that while they thoroughly sympathised with the tem- perance work, this proposal was not in harmony with their rules, as interfering with the autho- rity of the superintendents and circuits.— Rev. J. S. Simon proposed the adoption of the com- mittee's repert, and was supported by the Rev. G. A. Bennetts, temp lance secmary. Mr. Bennetts, in sup- poring the r-commendation of the committ -e, said he hated the drink ; but he could not go so far as the dolton resolution. Hetil he could say it was a sin to drink and buy, he could not say it was wrung to The Rev. Thomas Champness raid he was exceedingly anxious for peace. They could only rake one step at a . time ; bt the re could be no abiding peace between Christ and &Fat. They must warn their pe3ple against complicity in the drink traffic.—Dr. Stephenson said that in view of what must be called an attempt to force the hand of this and other c iurchs, it was ienp or- tent that they should present a uhited front as to their relation to the liquor traffic.- -After some farther discussion, the conference unani- mously adopted a resolution to the effect that the con- ference could not in' erfere with the constitutional form of electing church officers; but, at the same time, rec3m- mends their people to keep free from complicity in a traffic the results of which were so injurious to religion,' morality, and social life. Another subject on which varicus mmnorials had been sent was the enlargement of the membership of the representative seseion. The memorial was f llowed by a no ice of motion by the ' Rev. E. Arnaud Sc4tt, who moved t at the repro elate- ties session he eo enlarged as t 3 consist of 300 ministers and 300 lee m,n. The metien was supp:rted by the Rev. J.FI. Moult ui.—The ex-President said there may not be much difference of opinion on the main quesnon. It was mrra aqu stion of opportuueness. There could he no objection to send it to the committee that Inuit be appointed to coosider the main question.---11r8cott and Mr.Moulton accepted the s iggestion,which was adopt-ell by the conferenee.—The vacancy in the legal hundr, d caused by the death of Dr. Young was filled by the elec- tion of the Rev. N. Curnock, editor of the " Methodist Recorder."

===== 0002601_18980805_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

The Conference resumed as usual on Wednesday morn- ing. the Presieeat in the chair. _

The election of chairmen of districts resulted as follows in the districts named --Birmingham and Shrewsbury, Thom.: Allen, secretary F. L. Wiseman ; Macclesfield, Charles H. Floyd, secretary E. B. KAeling ; Liverpool, Thomas J. Choate, secretary Owen Watkins ; Bolton, J. T. F. Nalligey, secretary T. Hardy Backs ; Carlisle.Bam- ford Burrows, secretary Thomas Arrowsmitb ; Isle of Man, George R. Gratharn, secretary A. Fentiman. The Rev. Albert Clayton moved a resolution remitting the arrangements for electing the President and the Legal Hundred to the committee to report to the pas- toral session neat year.—Toe Conference agreed,and the committee was appointed. The Conference proceeded to the discussion and con- firmation of stations. The following are the local stations confirmed, all being in the Liverpool district. Warrington, William Potts, George Harbottle, Henry G. Roberts, M.A. ; John Gunnell. supernumerary. Runcorn, Charles W. L. Cbristien, Richard J. Clifton, John A. B. Malvern. _ _

_ Frodsham. J. Richard Hargreaves, who shall change on one Sunday in every quarter with the mini3ter3 of the Runcorn Circuit ; Fredrick F. aimunds, supernu- merary.

- Widnes, Henry Scanes, Herbert W. Pates. St. Helens and Prescot, David Jones (A), Phillip Passmore (Earlestown, Neorton-le-WillowS, Lane.), Genrge Lunn, John H. Doddrall (Present).

Votes of thanks to the Hull m'niiters for the arranee ments, and to the gull friends for their hospitality,were enthusiastically adopted, and the Conference closed shortly after six o'clock.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRIIISBY ELECTION.

The following is the result of the poll which took place on TursidaT and declared on Wednesday : G. Doughty (Cons. ani Liberal Onionst T. Wintringham (Liberal and Radical) 3,139 R. D. Methuiah (Independent C)nservative 204

Former elections in the borough have resulted as follows :

1895. Doughty (L) Beneage U) LibPrat majority By-election 1893 Heneage (U) Broadhurst (L)

1896. Heneage (U) lititheret (L)

Unionist majority 333

1896 (By-election). ifeneage (L) Walker (C)

Unionist majority 964 1892. Jame (L) 4,201 Heneage (U) Liberal majority

Liberal raajority ...... 1060

===== 0002601_18980805_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
PRODSHAM.

PRIMITIVE METHODIST TREAT.—On Tuesday, the scholars of tbe Sunday School held in connection with the above cause, had their annual treat, in the shape of a trip to Mr. Darlington's farm at Hatley. The journey was accomplished in a number of vehicles. At their destination, tra and endless amusements were thoroughly enjoyed, and a pleasant day was spent. Tau SLUM —The tumber of visitors at Frodsham this week reached a very high figure. On Monday alone over 2,800 came by train, whilst the numbn' of vehicles that arrived loaded with visitors to the delightful hills could scarcely te c,unted. POLICE.—On Tuesday, before Mr. A. Thomas,a woman named Alice Thompson. of Runcorn, was brought up charged with being drunk and disvrderly in Ship-street, I on Monday night, and was committed for Pi days with- lout the option of a fine.—Richard McQuinn, an Irish labourer, charesd with a like offence, committed in the Highway at Helsby, was fined 53. including costs, it it being a first offpncs.

The German Admiralty is engaging 1,00/ men for three years aervioe. They are to be trained and sent to Xiao- chart.

An Austrian o,urt has decided that an hotel servant was justified in retaining the luggage of a guest whose tip of Ns. he regarded is inadequate,

===== 0002601_18980805_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, AUGUST 5, 198.

CYCLISTS USE PILLAR BRAND.

Lubricating—al-4- 13;rn—in—z-0-11. 'LW-Cycle Hrtamel, Rnamellette,and Brunswick Black. Front all Dealers. Aintwrs : McLEAN AND CO., 13 8 HICL-SIIIN RT. LIVR ti POOL.

NoTES A.M.ES AND ATM, ETICS.

CYCLING.

The Daily News says:—For Mr. Platt-Betts, the famous cycling champion who mat with so severe an accident oil the trick about a month ago, will break no more records. Statements have appeared in some of the cycling papers to the effect that he intends riding NZ Ain this season. As a mater of fact,it is impossib!e that he can ever ride again, aad it is sail doubtful whether he will recover from his terrib:e Injuries. His skull is brok:n and he has a compound frac'mrs of the jawbone. He underwent a sur4ical operation to the jaw on Thursday, and those who have seen him describe hi i condition as terrible. Is it nit time that these attempts to break records sh mid ce,s,‘ now that the pace is so terriffia that the least mishap causes suffering and disfivarement for life, even when death is not the result ? In Mr. Platt- Betts's case, it will be remembered, the htudle-bar of a triplet machine ridden by his pacemakers came out of the socket,and one of the riders svaq shot as from a cata- pult on to the top of a covered stand. Mr. Platt-Batts himself was clashed violently to the ground, then shot high up into the air, then shot on the graund again. No wonder, seeing that to beat the, mile record nowadays one has to go at the rate of an express train.

Ta a certain ex'ent the policeman is regarded by eyclists in the light of an enemy, or as an enemy to cycling. The writer's experience this last week wti one of that mueh maligned body of men may be of interest. Riding down a road about fourteen miles from Warring- ton my lamp went out. I found there was no oil in the lamp whatever, and determined as it was very late at night to risk the run. There was a fall moon and only an oceisional tramp on the road,so I thought thecircum- stances just ifi,cl my purpose. I proceeded on,and after travelling a couple of miles passed a policeman by about 20 yards before he saw me. 11,1 hailed me and asked me if I wanted some oil in my lamp. I replied in the afiir- ! mative, and at his request went with him to h.s howl + close by,where he otligingly filled my lamp with o I.He ' told me he bad a long walk before him during his night patrol and showed his appreciation of the similarity of our positions and his gold beartednass at the Mime time by filling a couple of glasses with a light " refresher." Need I say that this was very acceptable after covering about forty miles. During the course of a short conver- sation he informed me that he was a cyclist. Would that explain all his good Samaritanism ? Or was he the eacep,ion th.t proves toe rule ? 1 would much prefer to think not, with regard to the latter query.

On Bank Holiday A. A. Cnaso made a successful attempt on the world' nile record (11 'paced), 10,-a,lup.: previous time— 2i*n. 3 2-54ec—by 4-5 h c. His tine for the quarter miles were: First quarter, 304,c. ; half- mile, 59 2-siPc. ; threa-quarters, Imm. 10-35iec. ; and the full mile in Inin. 2 3-5030.1.

Sire is a tip for tilers who use pneumatic brakei. Whencvi.r circumstances seem to point towards the necessity for a rapid use of the brake, pump just a little air to, so that should an emsrgen;y arise the first squeeze of the bulb puts the brake oa tyre, oth-ir wise, hitless yin have the brake shoe very Close to the tyre. the unexpntel may have happenvil before you have actually got the brake on. One great advantage of this brake when fitted to light machines is that it cannot be applied too rapidiy,aud yet it mty be used as quickly as is safe 03 any bicycle, provided you act up to the tip given above.

' Edwards, the Liverpool rider, is still piling up his 103 miles a day in the States. Be is now riding at Chicago, and in an interview states that he has fallen in love with tnat city, and will ride ther3 tor several weeks longer. He says he never reatis)cl what good roads were until he struck the Coicago boulevards. In another in- terview Edwards said, " I do not scorch. I take rnv time and stop for a smoke, and a rest every time I want to. Lately I have been r;ding from the Chicago Beach Hotel to Evanston and return, making the trip twice, and finishing the hundred on the boulevards."

What a satisfaction it is to open one's mind about the condition of a road whsn cycang. Travelling atoms the other day in the neighbourhood of Bolton I had coversd some fi17.0 or six milks of badly laid sets, which were little batter than cobble stones, and my tyres being well ieB tted, the shaking I g,t can bs we'l imagined. I slipped off the machine as I got up to a knot of people who were conversing together by the road side, and addre-Aing them quite &Ode-11y said "Why on card.' don't you have proper road 4 out lasre ?'' I never saw any me more astonis'iel thin that crowd applaled with their mouths open, as I mour.t xl an I rode on. The act and nmark were quite spontaneous born of ths impulse to open my mind lo someone.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARGE OF BIGAMY Af ST. HELENS.

A WIFE BOUGHT AND SOLD.

At St. Helens Police Court, on Saturday, Msrgaret Poweall, of 20,WilsGn.street, was charged with biearny. and Ern at Jos-ah Bat 3, was charged with ailing and abetting,—Chief Constable Wood said Mrs. Piwnill was ' charged with having on Monday last marri,d Ernest Josiah Bate, wel knowing that her hu,band, Wilda= Pownall, was and is now living, and Bats was charged with ailing and abeliag in the offence, knowing that Mrs. P husband was livine. On May 22 ad 1897 the fesnald prisoaer married W lliam Pownatl at St. Mark's Church and they lived for some time in Ather- tr.n s rent. On Decsmber 10:h last, at that emir; she obtained a judicial separation order against her husband and an order on him to pay Bs. a work. They remained separated for about three weeks, and he then went back to live wi is her in Atherton-street, but only as a lodger. Som-Vme after this Mra. Pownall went to live at 20. Wilson-ittest, the husband also going to liva there as a lodger. Be paid her 10s. per week for board and lodgings as welt as the Ba. per week. Bate also lodged with her in Wilson-street' and in fact slept in the same room as the husband. On Menday last Bats and the woman were married at the Freshet Parish Church. They wereb)th arrested on Friday by Sergeant Sisson. lii r rimer to the G.-area the female proa :nee replied, ",I will brave it all. I will live with him when I come out of prison. My hu.b in 1 soli ml t him for £lO, and told Mr. Bate to take me into his pDESBiSiOD, and said I was no good." Bate replied, " All that I have got t 3 say is that he soli her to ms for the price named, and told me I could do as I liked with her." The Chief Con- stable said he was not prepared to go cn with the eve the/10nd applied for a remand until Toesday.—Serosant Sissm gave formal evideact.—Mrs. Pownall applied for bail, but this was nfused.—The hooch granted !hi rE mand.

On Tuesday, at St. Helms Police Court, before Alder- man J. M. M`Brlde and Mr. W.J. Thompson,t se hearing of the case was resumed. Margaret Knowles, wife of John Knowles, of 9 13,t2r- street, said she was present at St. Mark's Churoh, St. Helens,on the 22nd lisy last year, when the female pri- soner was married to William Pownall. Her namo was then Thompson.aud at that time she was a widow with six chddren. She had had two husbands previous to marrying Pownall. Her six children were all girls, the eldest being 17 years and the youngest three Yeara Old.—At the request of the female prisoner,Enoch Picka- vanca was called. He said he knew nothing of the sale of Mrs. Pownall to Bata for £lO by her husband, but Mrs. Pownall told him about it.—Mrs. Pownall And what reply did you make? Witness : I said nothing. Mrs. Pownall : Yes, you did. You said you would have given RS yourself sor a woman like me. (L ',ugh- , ter.) The prisoners were then formally charged with the offences against them,and were asked if they had any- , thing to say. Bate replied, "I have nothing to say:" I Mrs. Pownall said, " All I have to say is that my girl s‘w me sold for £lO. She saw me knocked down for £10• I think it is a downright sin and shame for a hus- band to sell his wife for £lO, and for her to be knocked down like a slave. The bench intimated that both prisoners were com- mitted for trial at the next Liverpool Assizes. They decided to allow them out on bail in the sum of £lO each, and two other sureties of £5 each.

A fire resulting in some thousands of pounds damage occur- red on the premises of Me3srs. Hornsby and Sens, agricul- tural implement manufacturers, at Grantham,on TtleSCl4y morning. The fire raged furiously for two hours, and the sawmills were gutted, but the firemen prevented the flames ' spreading. About 100 men are thrown out of work. On Tuesday morning a woman named Jefferles, of Stoke Newington, left her bedroom with her baby, and as she did not return her husband went in search. He found the lava- tory door closed and blood running from under the duo'. I Wirt' help hal been obtained and the door burst open he found the baby in his wife's arms covered with blood. In one hand Mrs. Jefferies had an open razor, with which she I had cut her own throat. The child was found to be unin- jured, but the mother died two hours after being discovered. The Exchequer returns show that from the Ist April to the 30th July the receipts were £31,788,826, expenditure £36.616,270. and balances £2,870,650. In the corresponding period last yen* the receipts were £31,8G9,457, expenditure £35,089,029- and balances £2,543,216. The Earl of Mansfield, the oldest member of the House of Lords, died on Tuesday at Scone Palace, Perthshire, in his 193rd year. I A large balloon, weighing scwt. when deflated, and which required seven men to lift it, was captured at Smallheath. Birmingham, on Tuesday night. It had a net upon it, but no car was attached, nor was there any name to indicate its origin. "The bitterest men I have known." says a writer in a church paper. " are parsons who have tried literature, and who have failed."

===== 0002601_18980805_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
C I C LI S T S USg PILLAR BRAND.

_ Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel, Inamellette,and Brunswick Black. Prom all Dealers. AGENTS: McLFCAN AND CO., i.SEBL-STIDIET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
TIA.DUCr, INSTITUTE, EA.RIESTOWN.

ANNUAL MEETING.

—....„ ------.—. The 23th annual general meetteg a the members of this Inc itute was held in the large r3ading-rom o Wed- nr,sday everting. Mr. J. W E nrnltt presiied, supp irted by 'ge9srs. W. DiVie3, J. Barcroft, J. R. Allan, D. Bar- and T. Ormand (secretary). There was only a o,Jor attendance of members. The Cnairman said, the first busineis was to TRefliVB the yearly report.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL RRPORT.

Mr. T. Ormand then read the annual report which was as follows—Mr. President and gentlemen.—le coo- siderine the st'aternent of accounts or the 12 months to the 30;h June last, which is a refl:.x of the Committee's opereiens for the year under review, we believe there is very little of either a contentious or debit able nature, censequeety our repert is confined to a brief ex aininetion or those items of income or expenditu. which, owing to their increase or decrease, demand explanatioa. Income and expenditure.—The t otat in- come from all sources, exclud ye of the balance in hand at the commencement of the year, is £334 13s. 101., as against £348 84. 7.11., for 1897, a decrease of £l3 14s. 911. The emaill expenditure beine £343 4e. 21., as compared with £339 149. 10 1.. for last year. B owling reeeipts :—.La our last report we had to record a falling off in the bowling receipts of £6 173. 9.1. owing to one of the greens being closed. Chia year we show a still further decrease although both greens have been available for play. A glance at the income under this bead for the lest six year; shows that 1833 is considerably less than any of the flee preceding years and the causes which have c on- trihuted to this shrinkagd are not easily determined. The receipte are : for the year soling 30th Suns 1893. £l9 0 ; 1E94, £26 Os. 01. ;1895. £2O os.ol. ; 1896,223 0... 01. ; 1897. £l5 13. SI. ; 1898, £ll 17s. qI. No doubt overtime at the works, and the unievour- able weather in the early part of the seism are in some measure responsible, but not wholly so, and the committee regret that for two sea- sons there has been, and is, a considerable lack of interest in this once very popular game. To eneourage and stimulate tnoep iatereeted In bowling, the Committee have from time to time offered a sum of £2, whice with the entrance fees, is divided into prizss wed worth howling for, but so apathetic and indifferent hese. the members become that only 51 name; were received fo.• the bowling handicap it was de tided hou:d b 3 heel on the 26-M May, but as the number of entrants was 13 lees than tit miniinum agreed upon at the last annual meeting, all the a rran eements bait, be cancelled. The Commute, do howeve-elope that the number of compet- itors for the next handicap, weich should take place on or before the 30. h S .ptember, wit be in eXC as of any prece ling c eneetition. In conne:tion with the fore la- ce:nieg handicap, Mr. R ilpe Smith, bo vl maker, of Sankey-street, tas offered a prize pair of bowls, and the committee have accepted his offer. As this c ompe•ition is open to all the members of Listitute, we trust a large number will alter and help to revive the interest in this most en- jeyable game. Visitors fees : In comp ,ring the receipts from visitors i e. gate money,we regret to say they are very much below twit year, in fact there has been no such declension since 1892. The receipts for six years are :-1893, £36 ; 1894 £2B ; 1895, £29 ; 1896, £3O ; 1897. £29 lie. 31. ; 1898, £l4 8. 41. Cricket : Seeing th it cricket is the chief source of attraction on Saturday afternoons and the number of visitors drawn by good matches it is an important factor in increas- ing the gate receipts, and we sincerely hope the first team may shortly turn their corner and finish up the season with as many wins as they unfortunately have had losses. The Committee have again set apart four bars for the best average bett-r; and bowlers during the current season, the awards being left to the Cricket Club Committee as in previous years. Particulars of the winners of last season'; bats will be found on the Page following the statement of accounts. Lectures : It is a many year; now since a balance sheet was sub- mitted without al entry on the expenses side for lectures delivered in the Institute. It is not your Com-nittee's fault that a similar i•em does not appear ia this year's accounts. Some 12 months ago we tried to secure " lan Meclarea " bat °wine to the number of his engagem3nta we were not successful, neither did we succeed with the Bishop of Ripoa,who has been called "the silver tongued orator of the Church of Eaglaad." Failing these two eminent lecturers the Committee at once decided ti con- tribute the sum of ten guirseas to the Looter s Com- mi tee which had ben formed for the promotion of lJni- verait+ Extension lectures, for without subscriptions such as this, the course of lec'mreg dedvered in the town early this year, ou the" Aspects of Nature " could not have been given, that is to say, the fee chareed by such a man as Sir Hobart Ball, is so high as to make it im. P eHibla fir nil ill towns te en sage lesturers cf the first rank, coaseeuently they feel sure their action will be hea•tly eneoreed by you Library: During the past year 8917 volumes w,r 5 issued, as against 8853 in 1897. The number of readers was 370 or 3 more than the previous e sr, an increase of nearly 70 per Cent. when cempares w tit 1893. Tnis increase in tee number of borrewers has for some time prevented the Librarian from dealing with the applications for books as expelitiousl as in former years, much to the inconvenience of the mem- bers; to obviate this the Committee hive decided to open the Library three nights each week, from 7to 9 P.m. fr om the beeinning of Oztober to the end of April. The following expenditure has bees iccurte.d in renswing and repairing books : replacing 47 volumes worn out, £5 7s. 7d.; rebinding 213 volumes, £l4 183. 61.; aepairing 39 volumes, £1 93. The sum of £2B 13s id. has been spent on 156 new hooks, particulars of which you will find with the State- ment of accounts; theology 2, history 5, poetry 1, Law, Science, Art aad Technololy 8, mi,cellaneous 8, fict on 132. Although fiction very largely predominates it is all who:esome stuff. We think it is n=t necessary to say that the commit' ee are deeply sensible of their responsibility and rigidly exclude all third rate and inleri r productions and everything that is vicious and tr, shy. Deprecat icy remarks are frequently heard re- garding the large proportion of volumes of works of icnaginatisn and fiction, compared with thoe of other depart neat; of lit rature, which is feund in many libraries and ours is no exception. Now, a man reads etther fo• entertainment or instruction. We counsel him to mingle both,not allowing entertainment to absorb ,to great a portion of his leisure hours. A well known , authority, John Morley, says " the sympathies and im.einarion or those who are engaged all day lon in dull, and often wearismne work, and whose surround- ings i; is not in their power to vary, are apt to flag and t'e one languid. Ta persons in the jaded condition of Mind nothing is more refreshing, atter tee day's work, than to spend an hour or two in reading wholesome wok; of imagination. He becomes detached, as it were, from his present surroundings by the beneficent gift of imagieetion, ane for a time intlab ta a brighter world than the one he daily lives in. This p river of detachment, one of the mist blessed capacities of our neture, gradu- ally bat eurely exercises its refining influence and mioihters to our self-dependence. The Chairman said he thought they woul i all agree with him when he said that the report they had just heard read was a very excellent one excellent in more ways than oe,it gave credit for whet should be praised and refrained from doing so where not deserved. He thought the members of the insti,ute must be well ; satisfied with the committee's work, or perhaps they would have had a much larger number present that evening, and if not, no doubt the weather affected the attendance. With regard to tbe bowling, the only thing which he could put the decrease down to, was the bicycle Craz9, which had more attraction just now. He liked everyone to enjoy themselves, and he could only give the bicycle as the reason for the decrease in receipt;. He saw there was a decrease in the vieitors fefs as compared with previous years. It Was the bicycle again which he thought would account for that. tie was pleased to see there was a very large increase in the number of readers, but that was due in his opinion to a larger number of men enelaged at the works. There was an item which he was sorry to see and that referred to the voting that day for committee. The number of voting papers issued was 1,379, the number used was 976,50 that 403 had not voted. He thought it showed a little apathy on the part of the members in not taking the trouble to vote. It was t be hoped next year the members would take the trouble to record their votes either for or against the candi- dates.

The report and ac3ounts were afterwards adopted. Mr. R. Anderton, an and t3r, referred to a note ap- pended to the foot of the accounts, and said that as he had been asked if he and his colleague had examined all the books in the library,he would explain that they did not examine each book, but they examined the stock tspok in company with the librarian, and asked indis• criTinately for the production of several books, and felt satisfied that the stock of books was as shown in register.

ELECTION OF COMMITTEE. Tho following was declared as the state of the ballot fir six committea men i —D. Harrison 797, T. Ormand 769, W. Fl Bailey 743, J. Barr 646, D. Barcrolt 604, Jos. Emmett 547, W. Crawford 464, J. Gooding 234. The first six were elected.

AUDITORS. Mr. R. Anderton expressing a wish to retire from the positioa of auditor. Mr. T. S. Liversage was appointed in Ms place. Mr. W. Sephton was reappointed. Messrs. Gee and Clare were appointed scrutineers.

VOTES OF THANKS. Mr. W. Gilmour moved & vote of thanks to the Chair man as President of the Institute. Mr. W. Clare secoaeled.—Mr. Ormand said be was sure they were all very much indebted to Mr. Emmett for coming there to preside.

The Chain-lan thanked them and said looking at the heading of the report he saw this was the 29th annual meeting. When he firat came to Earles- town. 31 years ago last June, he found no library, in fact nothing at all to amuse, or to improve the mind of the workmen who were then em- ployed at the works,ani they began having penny read- ings in what was called the long room. Ti3at went on for a little while until he could see his way to recommend t 3 the Directors to build that Institute,and when he pro- posed it to them thy immediately fell in with his sug gestion. After he had got out plans and estimates of cost they heartily responded to bis request and told him he

could have what he wanted. They had been going on for the last 51 years progressing and to some extent following the times,and so long as he had the honour of being the head of tho' works and presiding at those meetings, it would be his ploaslre to do all he possibly could to furt'aer the interests of the workiagmen there. (Ophuge.) He said he thought a hearty vote of thanks was due to their secret cry. and he had very great plea- sure in pronosing that the hearty thanks of that meeting be given to their sscretary. He was one of the excep- tional men he had met with, he not only did everything it was possible to do, but as they all knew, a year or two ago he get out one of the best catalogues that any library in England was possessed of. Not only that,he took the greatest interest in everything connected with the Institute and had not that been the case they would not have been in the p)sition they were. He (Mr. Em- mett) took no credit himer lf,he was only what might be c Med a' sleeping partner.' Mr. Ormond was the work- ing bee. (Loud applause.) Mr. W. Davies seconded and the vote was enthusiasti- cally accorded.

Idr. Ormond said he was vita taken by surprise, but he appreciated all toe kind things the chairman had said of him, in fact they were too kind. Ai they all knew, his heart and soul was in the work,and if there was any- thing he could do for the moral or intelloctutl weltare of the men in the Viaduct Works, he thou.tt it was his duty to do his best for them. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18980805_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE McCURQUODALE CRICKET CHALLENGE CUP.

On Monday a team selected from Messrs. McCorquo- dale and Company's Printing works at Newton, met a team fr nn the same firm'a Lo 'don hous,, on the Newton ground, to play for the posiession of the coallenge Cup given by the firm. Newton have already met and de- feated the Leads team, and on M uiday, they succeeded in administering defeat to the London team. Stableford H. Hindley and Boihell, put on sense tall scares, for Newton and Upson for London put together a magnifi- cent score of 92 before he was cleverly caught by Wilk- inson. By the defeat of Leeds and London this year, Newtm have won the cup for three years in succession and by the terms of the competition, they become the absolute possessors of it. Appeniel ar3 the respective scores :

NEWTON. LONDON. J Stableford b Payne 7B Upson a Wilkinson b H Hindley c Yates b P-rkes 92 Pa Yule •...—...... ............. 56 Wsgg c Gee b C Wadley 13 A Boshell c Yates b Upsaa 62 tantels c Wit:ions b C W H Hindley b Upson.-- 0 Hindley T Dudgeon lbw b Upson._ 0 Yates b C Hindley 1 W if Parkes b Upson ......... 22 Watts b C Hindley.... W Gee c Moss b Upson ...... 21 Armoire T.milinson b C IT Wilkinson e 40e13 b Hindley Yates Tomlinson b Upson 0 Hindley not out Williams C Wagg b Yates 0 Payne not out 2 Richar is c 0 Hindley b W ji Hindley 0 Extras l7 Maras 9

Total 2Bl.

Total 144

Ifter the mated which Vlrcl:i conducted in a very plea- sant ani agreeable manner, the players with a few in- terested friends sat down to a substantial knit() and fork tea, at the Lga Arms fioel. The meal wis t ior nighty enjoyed by those present, and after the cloth hid been removed the subaeqaent preceediugs were p.esided over by Mr. W. H. Hiadley of Newton, supported by Mr. Yates of London. A number of toasts were proposed and honoured, accompanied by felicitous species by several of the players. The harmony of the evening was con- tributed to by Messrs. Gleeson, Upson, J. Payee, Watts, G. Payne, J. Croaediey jun., and Smalley.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
DA.E[LiA qUEEN FESTIVAL AT BURTON WOOD.

The Lurth annual feitiv al in connection with the coronation of the Dahlia Qusea, took place at Burton- wood on Monday in beautiful weather, and under most favourable circumstances. rhe affair was inaugurated by Mr. G. Anders, of the Bridge Inn, Burtonwood, and is still carried on by that gentleman with the assistance of his son and others. It is looked forward to with considerable interest by the villagers, and they put for- ward every effort to make it a succeis, by turning their children out in a presentable manner. Still it cannot truthfully be said that this year's demonstration was any advancement in point of display on last year, and 1 tha procession carried with it a sameness, s hich was rather Wsappointing. The time announced for the pro- cession to leave the field where the muster took place was 11-30, but there did not appear to be any undue i effort to make a start until over an hour afterwards, whoa something like order was obtained. Soon after 12-30, Mr. Jas. Kilshaw, as mounted Marshall, emerged from the field and immediately behind him came the Morris dancers, led by a youth name John Wall, and they performed and danced along the route of the procession. Parr St Peter's band followed, and immediately behind were 24 girls as skipping rope dancers trained by Mr. J. H. Anders. A youthful " Napoleon "on horseback headed "N galleon's" carriage conveying the Queen (Miss Edith Seplron) and her maids of honour. Following the carriage came the crown bearer, sword bearer and sceptre bearer, and a squad of Highland soldiers. Neat came a carriage cony lying the ex-queen (Miss Evelyn Fairclough). Britannia was represented by Miss A. GrifFl,:hs, surrounded by England, Ireland, Scotland. and Wales. Then followed a gathering of Littk Red Mina Hoods, seamstresses, flower girls, colliers, cow boys, nurses, a Primrose Queen, white slave, and oth,,r char- acters, including a couple of comic cyclistl.the re or being brought up by D. Houghton's lodge, Bridge Inn branch of the Order of Druids, with banner. Toe procersion paraded the village and environs and proceeded to a field near Collins Green, lent by Mr. Fairclougt. Here the ceremony of crowning the queen was per- formed by Mrs. R. Forshaw, who in honour of the occasion presented her with a hand-bag haying gold I cased mountings. The throne presented a very neat and tasteful appearance and reflected credit upon Mr. J. Brown, of E srlestown, under whose supervision it had been erected. On th, staging about the throne were noticed Mr. and Mrs. R. Forshaw, Mr. and Mrs. Fair- dough (Brook Head), Mr. and Mrs. Southern, Mr. and Mrs. J. Sephten. Mr. W. Webster, Mr. Warburton, and Mrs. Martha Boardman (Culcheth), 94 years of age, the oldest lady in the village, and on the field there were about 3,000 persons. The festivities attendant on the coronation included the plaiting of the Dahlia pale, by 24 boys and girls, trained by Mr. J. H. Anders, skipping rope dancers and exhibition jumping by Mr. Burke. Prizes were awarded for the neatest and cleanest turn- outs,as follows.—Tradesmen's class Ist Mr. J. Ratcliffe, Sutton ; 2nd Mr. John Price, Sutton ; 3rd Mr. Burke, baker, Sutton ; Heavy horse and furry —lit Mr. R. Naylor, Pear Tree Hotel,Collins Green; 2nd Israel Smith; 3rd Mr. John Fairclough, Yew Tree farm, Bartonwood. Tho prizes for comic cyclists were awarded to W. Pro- bert (Weary Willie and Tired Tim.) For neatest cyclists Mr. Austin, Eirlestown. There were several side shows on the field which were well patronised by the visitors. On Tuesday all the children who took part in the dem- onstration were entertained to tea on the field by Mr. G. Anders. and were given free admission to the side shows. Each child: was also presented :by Mr. Anders with a piece of silver.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR. LOCAL CHURCHES.

EMMANUEL REFORMED CHURCH OF ENGLAND.

At this church on Sunlai—e-vn-rain-g a sermon was preached by the Rev. A. M. Fiubly. rector of S. John's Reformed Ep's3opal Church, Sussex, New Brunswick, Canada. As one of the delegates from the province of New Brunswick, Mr. Hubly at ended the Worl i's Con- vention of Sunday SMools, recently held in London, at which 2,500 reprasentatives of Sunday School Associa- tions were present from all parts of the globe.

Thomas Long, twenty-five ysars of age, a native of Swan- sea, was drowned whilst bathing on Tuesday night on the Swansea sands.

A boat containlnz four men capsized on Tuesday at Raker, Sunderland, and George William Clark, who became entan- gled in the rear, was drowned. While John Rimmer, employed in the carriage department of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway at Chapel-street Station. Southport, was following his usual avocation on Tuesday, he found in one of the compartments a packet con- taining £156 in banknotes, postal orders, and coin. The valuables were banded over to Mr. Hughes, the eta ion master and on Wednesday were claimed by a Manx gentleman, who has promised a suitable reward to the finder. William Greaves Edwards were sentenced at the Birming. ham Assizes to ten years penal servitude for the attempted I murder or his daughter by throwing her under a train at New-street Station on April 6th. 1 Thomas Jones. a hawker, aged thirty-five, was executed at I Carnarvon on Wednesday morning for the murder of Mary Bruton, also a hawker, on a mountain near Llan Festiniog, Merionethshire. Seventy houses have been destroyed and forty lives lost at Villa Medians, in Spain, owing to a waterspout breaking over the town. Many villages were destroye I in a subse- quent inundation. The four-masted barque Ecclefechan, of Liverpe9l, was re- por.,ed ashore on Wednesday at Dunvorley, on the Irish coast.

At the Liverpool Assizes, John Almond, described as a musician, was sentenced to two years' hard labour for mis- conduct with choir boys at Sefton. On Tuesday Herbert Deacon, ft carter boy employed on a farm at Shoreham, near Brighton, was in charge of three horses attached to a reaping machine when the horses bolted. Deanna, In trying to stop thorn, was knocked down and killed, the reaping machine inflicting fearful cuts about the bead and body. The Admiralty, according to a St Tohn'e telegram, have deeided to enrol 600 Newfoundland fishermen in the Naval Reserve. The Chief Constable of Chester. Mr. G. L. Fenwick, has tendered his resignation, after filling the office since 1864. A shocking accident occurred at Willesden Junction on Tuesday morning. About 7.45. as the Scotch express was leaving the platform for Ruston, a newsboy in the employ of Messrs. W. H. Smith and Son. whilst serving a passenger in the front sleeping saloon, slipped and was caught between the footboard and the platform. He was decapitated before any elf eetual assistance could be rendered.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT].

Bank Holiday in the district was observed in the usual way by the inhabitants indulging in their customary seaside trips, and large numbers availed themselves of the chesp excursions run to all parts of the country. Blackpool, Southport. Liverpool and North Wales were the general favourites.

The success of the Halton-road Choir at Formby, is another feather in the cap of its musical conduc- tor (Mr. R. Yates), and is a feat for which he can justly take credit. The success was highly deserved, inasmuch as the whele choir entered into the spirit of the competition with no half-heartedness, and can be attributed to nothing but hard practice.

August the 17th has been fixed as the date upon which the Cycle Parade is to take place, and this year the event promises to excel all previous efforts. The Runcorn Cycle Club who are the pioneers in the movement, are allowing nothing to stand in the way ; already they have done a great amount, of work in the way of preparation. The object is the raising of funds for the Cottage Hospital, the value of which will be inestimable in a district like Run- corn.

The local Lodge of Masons. who know. how to enjoy themselves, visited Llanrwst, Trefriw, the Swallow Falls, and Battwi-y-coed, on .rtiurs lay week, for their annual picnic. The weather was delightful, and the charming scenery through which they passed was fully appreciated.

The dangers of leaving hot water anywhere in the vicinity of children can never be too over-rated. as Is illustrated by the sad circumstances attending the death of a little boy named Gayter, (reported in another column). Here,the mother, apprehending no danger, left a large pan of hot water on the floor for a few moments ; but those moments were fatal. The little fellow staggered backwards into the pan and was so severely scalded, that he died from the effects on Saturday, after over a week of terrible suffering.

The Runcorn tam on Monday (Bank Ho:iday) indulged in their usual fixture with the Old Tottenhallians at Runcorn. The game was an all day match, which for a number of years Past has resulted in the defeat of the hornesters. The result on this occasion was a draw, the " Old Tats" scor- ing 155 for two innings, whilst the Runcorn eleven put up 108 in the first innings, and 57 for 6 wickets on the second essay. Cipt,iin Cross showed excel- lent form for his " not out 32,"

The visitors had some excellent bats with them, but they evidently must have been a trifle hand'- capped as they had to play three substitutes, which was a little disappointing. Their sixth wicket fell for 97, and the tenth for 93 in the first innings, but on the second attempt the " tail " got on a little better, and put on 20 between them. The sixth wicket falling for 37 and the 10th for 57.

At the meeting of the Runcorn Council. on Thursday morning, the chief subject under discus- sion was the consideration of the conversion of the Market Hall into public baths. The discussion upon the subject was a very animated one,and may prove very useful, but at the same time there was too great a display of feeling in the whole proceed- ings to secure any real go.od,and it is fortunate that cooler minds prevailed in getting the decision on so important a subject deferred for a little time. There was .a little danger in the passin,z of a scheme, which, whilst conveying a boon with one hand was at the same time depriving the neigh- bourhood of another. Just fancy £2300! why the most famous—mini not the biggest—bath in the whole British Isles only cost a little over £lOOO to complete, and still they accommodate more bathers than any baths known. Slimly a place in which to have a really enjoyable bathe can be had at. a cheaper rate, and if cheaper, it need not necessarily be any nastier. Besides as Mr.Handley pointed out there is very little wisdom in having too many irons in the fire. The scheme itself may provide a good bath for £2301; but there is a possibility of having both a good bath and a good Market to show for £2,000 or less

===== 0002601_18980805_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

DEBUT OF Mn. G. F. MCCORQUODALE'S DAUGHTER.

In celebration of the entry into society ef Miss McCprquodale, of Rorsway, Herts, there were re- joicings at the residence of her father, Mr. G. F. McCorquodale on Tuesday. The proceedings were of an interesting character and included a ball on a grand scale.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SALVATION ARMY.

On Monday, several members of the Earlestown branch of the Salvation Army joined another corps at Huyton in celebration of the 33rd anniversary of the foundation of the Salvation Army. The pro- ceedings were held in a field near Huyton Station, kindly lent by Mr. Lightfoot and hero the usual formula of the Army was carried through. After- wards the members indulged in a little enjoyment, refreshments being served during the day. The Earlestown contingent reached home about half- past nine. Tim VULCAN FOUNDRY PICNIC CLUB.

On Saturday about 26 members of the above club left Earlestown for Bakewell. The journey to War- rington Cantral Station was made by omnibus and from there the 8.48. a.m., train was taken to Bake- well. Breakfast was partaken of at the Castle Hotel and afterwards the party journeyed by means of avaggonettas to Haddon Hall and were shown through by the lady guide, much interest being taken in the old oak carvings. Chatsworth House was the next place of interest visited but the party were disappointed in not being able to go through as the house was closed, but a drive was taken round the grounds. On returning to the Castle Hotel dinner was partaken of. After spending a very enjoyable day,the party left Bake,well at about 9 o'clock, and arrived in Earlestown at 12.30. p.m. I -

VIADUCT WORKS SMITHY PICNIC.

Several of the men employed in the ain'ithies the Viaduct Works, Earlestown, to the number of 44, had their annual picnic on Monday, the destina- tion this year being Chatsworth. The party met on the market ground at 515 in the morning,and drove in wagonettes to St. Mary's Station, Lowton, Great Central Railway, where they entrained for Sheffield. On arrival they drove to Moorhead restaurant where a capital breakfast was partaken of. Wagonettes were again chartered and an enjoy- able drive commenced through the beautiful Dore Valley, and over the Moors to Froggart Edge from whence views of the lovely scenery were obtained. A call was made at Devonshire Arms, Bestow, for baiting the horses. After a short rest the members of the party had a walk through the Park in the direction of Chataworth,the mansion of the Duke of Devonshire, Atter viewing the interior of the house they returned to the Devonshire Arms,where a first class table d'hot6 was served and apprecia- ted. At the conclusion of the meal they commenced the homeward journey driving through Totley to Sheffield, making a circular drive 0(26 miles. The weather was beautifully fine, and the party spent a very pleasant day. The whole of the arrangements were undertaken by Messrs. Dean and Dawson.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, HELENS.

THE_ SHOCKING DISCOVERY NEAR ST. HELENS.

Mr.-g-.-Brignou-e, county coroner, on Tuesday held an inquest at the Imps r'al Hotel, Preseot, on the body of the man who was found dead on Saturday night at the foot of the embankment neor Scotch-lane bridgo,botween Eceleston Park and Prescot StatiPn9, baying been run over by a train. The body was discovered by the driver of a train from Liverpool, and was removed to the Im- perial Hotel, Preseot, but had not been identified. The ury returnel a verd ct of "Fund dead." THE PROPOSED ELECTRIC TRAMS AT ST. HELENS.

The St. Helens Corporation Electric Lighting and Traction Contmittee have adopted a new time table for the tramways on the inauguration of electrical traction, which is now being introduced. The Prescot section will consist practically of a half-hourly service through- out the day with a 15 minutes' service to St. Ann's, There will be 15 minutes' service on the Denton's-green and Peasley-cross sections, and a twenty minutes' ser- vice to and from Haydock.

SCIENCS: AND ART EXAMINATIONS AT ST.. HELENS.

At a meeting of th-isitlielen-ii.-Technical Education Committee the director (Mr. J. J. Broomhead) reported that the results of the recent examinations had come to band. In science subjects 247 candidates were presen- ted, of whom 153 passed, against 239 and 160, respec- tively, in the previous year ; in art subjects there were 137 candidates and 56 passes. against 151 and 110, res- pectively, last year ; in the City and Guilds of London Institute examinations there were 30 candidates and 18 passes against, 32 and 22, respectively, last year ; and in the Union of Lancashire and Crieshire Institutes ex- aminathns there were 177 candidates and 170 passes, against 97 and 87 last year.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS. THE WAR. SPAIN'S SUBMISSION.

NEW YORE, Tunasnar. The" Tribune" publishes the following telegraal from Washington t—Spain has practically agreed to the terms without asking for any material manification. The conference yeet •rday indicated that the conclusiell would be reached ma.rf promptly than had been expec- ted. The character of tie enquiries regardlng n:ms Of of the details den:ins:rated that Spain was ready to end the war, but could not resist temporising for a feW days. The desire of Span to secure slight concessiong showed chi rly that she was determined upon pomp; submission.

SPANISH TREACHERY. NEW YORK, THURSDAY% It ia stated that Mr. Alger, Secretary fc r War, intendg making a visit to Porto ft co. Advices nee v-d from Santiago state that four Spaniards were detected at Lariforma in the act of poisoning the cistnns. TheV were taken to Garcia, who held a court martial, and ordered them to be shot.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
STRIKING AN OFFICER.

The Southern District orders of yesterday -contain the confirmation by tho War Office of a sentence of five years penal servitude and discharge with ignominy frons her Majesty's service passed hy a recent court martial upon Private Charles Warren, of the Elighlanu Light Di - ?entry for striking Lieutenant Prior, of the Royal Engineer Militia, across the face with his cap at Shore- cliffe Camp on June 11.

LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST. The following forecast of the weather for the ensuing twenty-four hours in the north-west of EJgland was issued at the Me:ec.r)logicsl Office at three o'clock Yesterday afternom Westerly and south-westerlf breezes ; fair as a whole, warm.

CONDITION OF JUDGE PARRY. His Honour Judge Parry was yrihteriay reported 137 the matron of the Nursing' Home, Nelson-street, to have had a very good night—the best he has had since be entered the institutoo. His conlitioa is regarded MP being very satisfactory.

===== 0002601_18980805_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINCE BISMARB, FUNERAL SERVICE AT BERLIN.

In BERLIN, THURSDAY. vieW Or the funeral service for the late Prince Bismark held this morning in the Emporcr Memorial Church there are siems or mourning on eve*, hand. The service, which was of most impressive char acter, was attended by the German Emperor and Bun press, princes and princesses now ia Berlin, mnnhers of the diplomatic body, and the chief civil arid military authorities. Agu ,rd of honour was drawn up in front of the church. The set vie was opened and concluded by a chorale sung by the members of the chorus of the Opera House. The officiating clergymen, in offering up the prayer alluded to Prince Bismark's great services. LAUNCESTON ELECTION. A HEAVY POLL. When the poll close lon Wedneeday evening in Os Launceston Division of Cornwall it was stated that GM number exercising the franchise at Launce,ton wag record. The reports from tae outlying dis:ricts also indirated ahe vvy voting. The ballot box's were last evening conveyed to Launceston, where the counting commenced OEI Thursday morning. The result, which was made known at noon is ae.4 fellows :..

Mr. Fletcher Moulton (L) 3 951 Sir F. Mlle (C)

1896. C. T. D. Acland (L) un- opposed.

===== 0002601_18980805_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
DO NOT UNTIMELY DIE lORE THROATS CURED WITH ONE Don' FENNINGS' FEVER CURER. Bowel Complaints cured with One Dose. Typhus or Low Fever cured with Two Doses. Diptheria cured with Three Doses. Scarlet Fever cured with Four Doses. Cholera cured with Five Doses. Influenza cured with Six Doses. Sold in Bottles, Is. lid. each, with full direc- tions, by all Chemists. Read TONNINGS' BVERYBODY'S DOCTOR." Sent post free for 13 stamps. A. FENNINGS WEST COWES, 1.W.1

RUNCORN FOOTBiLL CLUB. 2ND ANNUAL ATULETIC FESTIVAL. Niles the laws of the Amateur Athletic Assoeation. and N.C.U. Rules. SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, en the RUNCORN FOOTBALL GROUND To Commence at 2-30 p.m. NCI' Railway Tiekets will be issued f rent Warrington, ' 'ter, Crowe. St. Helens, Liverpool,Nolthwieh,Frodsham, and intermediate Stations

AR IS EXHIBITION OF 1900. . The 20th August is the last day fixed by the Royal C.- ' O* for receiving APPLICATIONS far SPACE. They likolid be addressed to the Secretary, Royal Commission for t he. _ Paris Exhibition of 1900, St. Stephen's House, West- -4 Ar. 3,W.

'ASTHAM, THE RICHMOND OF THE MERSEY. THE PLACE TO SPEND A HAPPY DAY. °laaniffcent Gardens, & Fountains. Grand Dancing Floor. Cosy Arbours. Extensive Woods, °ObIBINED SWITCHBACK AND WATER RAILWAY. Grand Variety Entertainment at 4 and fl Daily. Cycles will be carried free except on Bank Holidays. B°l°oll Steamers from South-end Liven 00l Landing Stage at frequent intervals Fare 4d. SCHOOLS and PICNIC PARTIES catered for. Special Week-end Hotel Tariff.

SHREWSBURY. GREAT FLORAL FETE, WRDNEsDAT k THURSDAY. August 17th Ss lab, 1898. GREAT NATIONAL FLOWER SHOW. The Largest aid Grandest Flower Show ever held either in London or the Provinces. NEARLY .£lOOO IN PRIZES. Iken day the Magnificent BANDS (by kind perinissiwn) ef ROYAL HORSE GUARDS (13Lus), COLDsTRRAIA GUARDS, BOOTS GUARDS. ICA MAGNIFICENT PERFORMERS AND OTHER MILITARY SANDS. The i;ett MARVELLOUS PERFORMERS IN THE ELT.„6,OBuD, who appear AT THIS FETE ONLY. tc LU-LU—The GREAT NANLON TROUPE • ANIMATA—FOUR NELSON SISTERS- -5104(7 ATHOS TROUPE—BALE TROUPE OF VIOITE PINAUDS—RAWSON GWABLO DIAZ—MORRIS MORRIS—MDDLII. sts —"INA—ELLA ZUILA. IN FINEWORKS—And Other rVellous Artistes. Twn - GRAND BALLOON ASCENTS, at 4 aid 7, EACH DAY. Hniso LEAPING COMPETITION, £lOO IN PRIM. ---- "RGIROUS ILLUMINATIONS k FIREWORKS. EXCURSION TRAINS FROM. Preston, Wirt*, Olt Warrington and all parts. SION :—Wednesday, One o'clock, Is. id. ; after Th. Five, Is. -"clay, all day Irons Eleven. ONE SHILLING ONLY. H. W ADNIIT, }Hon Secs. Th„ p W. W. fIAUNTON, -----...l"cMare. Shrewsbury.

.A_LIAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. • r„ a: s',.,ziLiFoRNIAN. for Quebec and 111ontreal...Aug. 11th 6a.p.MIDIAN, for Quebec and Mot,tr( a1.../iug. 18th Ls. 1-74,181 AN, for Quebec and Montreal... Aug. 25th /7:7„}ARNTIAN,for Quebec and Montreal Sept. lat IPoRNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal Sept. Bth • u MAN, for Quebec and Montreal...SePt. 15th Th- 'on Fares from £l2, 2nd Catun £7, Steerage £5 ~!°1,211 Tickets to ail points at special rates. ALORDIRTS.—Handbook, maps, rates. and full particulars 4vzi on application to ALLEN BROTHERS & CO., 19, Jamefs- e_t.. Liverpool ; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warrington

_ -- DAILY SAILINGS. NORTH WALES AND RACK THE Tlnt SAME DAY. ••• CHEAPEST AND BEST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVERPOOL. Zest L and Quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winefride's Well, !) Pantasaph, Prestatyn. and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer. FLYING FALCON (wWill Sail from the Prince's Landing-stage and Ilostyn eather and other circumstances permitting), as under :- LIVERPOOL to ItIOSTYN and Back the same day. tvitoverage passage I hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in Wales. Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. ti.., From LIVERPOOL. From MOSTYsi. Irrday Aug. 6 -30 a m Saturday Aug. 6 ... 3-0 pin Ttlan.lay 8 ... 10-45 arn Monday ~8 ...4_-.15p in . O.- p 'aY ~ 9 ... 11-15 a m Tuesday ~9 ... 515 a tr,edneSday „10 raday „11 -0 pin Thursday „ 11 ... 6-30 pin • ;',4143' „12 3-30 ain Friday ,12 -7.30 pin Saturday ~13 -0 a m Saturday :, 13 ... 8-0 p m Ti Single Fare, Is 6d; Return Fare. 2s ; Bridge extra, i gets not transferable, and available for day of issue only. u,hefreishments on board at Moderate Charges. Offices : 21. .ER-STREET, Liverpool. Telephone, 2.334. __ __-_-----_ LI VERP 00 L AND NOR Ell WALES. , s,Jahe splendid Saloon Stetmer SNOWDON will saill(w dtalaner e tn v,„eireustances permitting, TO-MOR(Sunday) RO A 115 .1 icticlay during the season. for Llandd n Beaumaris, , 6rtind Menai Bridge. leaving Liverpool °' oolat 10-45 a.m., i 4 back about 7-45 P.m- 4 SPRr,, 9 a.m. BANK HOLIDAY. u A.M. ' .1.!•310,,,-,AL CHEAP EXCURSION will bo made this ' 'rriei --''re places, leaving Liverpool at 9 o.m. prompt, and , Llenri6fligd,,b4ek about 8-15 p.m.. allOWing eIM hours ashore at or three hours at metal Bridge, ' wSildi--1.44 and particulars apply to W. ki. DODD. 31, Tower E ------,_1483, Liverpool. Telephone 1585. - T IV NIIIPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling -1...41 at GREENOCK, weather and eircum- .4.3 i stances permitting OWL AND BEAR °ther Steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by t some unforeseen ceuturrence). hou AUGUST. , oh LIvERPOOL FROM GLASGOW t, ..rence Dock and by train from St. Utti-West Side. Enoch's. Glasgow kft-day Bt, to Greenock at 5.58 p in. )„,,h, 2 p.m. Wednesday 10th, 2 p.m. , tinlay 12th,' in? n rn Monday 15th, 2 p.m. )4,,...°%1e5dav 17th, 9 p.m. Friday 19th, 2 p.m. kr,,day 22nd, 1 p.m. Wednesday 24th, 2 p.m. O 'aY 26th, 5 p.m. Monday 29th, 2 p m. to Ar brlcanv FlRES.—Cabin (single), 10s. ; return (available )44 two months), 15s. ; steerage, (single) 55.; SPECIAL et,* .-Cabin return (available fbr ten days), 12s. 6d..; booltr4; Re return (available for ten days), 7s, 6d. Through It,,,tße in connection with Cheshire Lines between • tel tieton, Manchester, and Glasgow and. Greenock. Re- , I)43,l:lekets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool ton, etc -Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Iltzally. Limited, 0. MACIVER &CO., Managers, Albert -------___`6, Manchester, and Tower Buildings, Liverpool. , ‘.. THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE , ISLE OF MAN. k . Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) 1 BARROW to DOUGLAS-at 2.0 p.m , 1 DOUGLAS to BARROW-at 8.30 a.m. i xletit: I .0 connection with steamer leaves Warrington via eCti at 11.0 a.m. Special Zip return fares front Warrington :- ,tqest! class and Saloon 23s. 6d. i Thtel class and Saloon 15s. lid, alongside tip Ird class and Fore Oabin.lle Od. Trains run steamers. ll* ge13C,,1,,,44, NOTICE.-CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available , niiict 1-4 ths Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- Lice' versa, oan now be obtained at following ! First-class and Saloon 19s, Od. Third-class and Saloon 135. 6d. Third-class and Fore Cabin Sc. 6d. 14tIt 6 11403' may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the h-1,116 . - unless o Abbey or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. a-livon44ffatticent new. express steamer "DUCHESS OF 'mlair. is ROW on the service. There will be Int,„-A 'Mange every SATURDAY, July 9th to SEPTEM- ard in connection with train leaving Warrington at LITTLE it CO., Barrow. 14% f lo JOHN WALKER AND k.) ~ " EXAMINER" OFFICE, .. , WARRINGTON. A. AGENTS FOE DE : -LA--IDE, If ELBOUNE and SYDNEY ~,...._ , Ivlno STICAMIiiN from LIVERPOOL. 4 W '' „, "CH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS RS. SMITBERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow zeloh,, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine o s ItS ju t 1:11Y 3rif(inal and genuine Family Recipe. .4.l,4o!ltida.;:tlebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained extensive and increasing demand Purchasers Lnerefore attend to the following CAUTION,-TO be at what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. _lsho is the only person in possession of the 03:4n AECIpE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paver, otT,Oll the Outside libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the bere sole wholesale Agents, •. W. BDIVARDS tt Son, mokrt Victoria-street" at 287 formerly • 67, St. Paul's, en Governen Stamp, Sold in 911. graved on the m each by most Chemists.

"OUPTIRES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRIMS or Cure of Rapture; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7& 9, Groavenor-street Lon. don-road. Manchester. - ---- VLECTRO-PLATING, GILDING & ENGRAVING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. ARTICLES MADE EQUAL TO NEW, at lowest oast. Catalogues free. JOSEPH HIGHAM, LIMITED. 127, STEANGEWAYS, MANCHESTER. (Opposite the Assize Courts.) SPECIAL TEEMS TO THE TRADE.

SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL WEAR TEE From NATRULREADL }irro in SOALPETTES ' FRINGES. IMMOVABLE } 211_ I 11/6 T. S. EROWN.3. LEEOE-STREEr, LIVERPOOL. ___.

THAT IDEA. OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? EL A. COUBROUGH. REGISTERED PATENT AGENT t. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agont of U.S. Amerlea. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

EDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. Choice Selection or WEDDING and BIATIT- ISENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE. JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Flee Selectien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS. DD AI°A .Ylll ISOa INPI S ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIO-A-BRAD. OLD GOLD I BOUGHT. v. S. PENNINGTON & CO., IP JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAIL MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63._-ILENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL-63. Betablished 1819. Valuations for probate.

W . B. SWEETAIAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for PALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

AMERICAN Ice Cream FREEZERS.-1,000 sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice Qlasses.—EDWißDB AND CO., 108, White- chapel, Liverpool.

T 0 all Parties Commencing Business.—Where to Purchase at the Bight Price.—GROCIIRS' FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit, Tobseconiste Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; a splen- did selection to choose from; inspection invited ; estimates tree.—EDWARDS AND Co., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

p ARG AI N. £4OO worth Confectioner's LJP GLASSES. latest shapes ; 5 Ovens. 40 Marble Tables, 500 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—EDWAlLDS, 108. White-chapel, Liverpool.

_ - A VICTORIA POWDER (Registered) is the Safest. Quickest. and Most Certain CURE FOR HEADACHE, TOOTHACHE, TIC, OR NEURALGIA.. Refuse Imitations. 10 in a Packet, 7i,t Sold by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Dealers. Post Free THE NORTH END DRUG CO., CHEMISTS, 97, WESTMINSTER-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

NEW HO VirE CYCLES 5. BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Ahead of all others for Speei. Lightness, and Comfort. Prices to suit all. W. J. 110DGERS, District Manager.

, TO HOUSEHOLDERS, JOINERS, CARPENTERS. And Others. TOOLS FOR SALB.—Cholee from the lareest and most varied assortment of Forfeited Pledged MECHANICS', TOOLS. Also CUTLERY, BEDDING, CLOTHING, BOOTS. SHOES, kn., In the World, at HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS, AND TOOL FACTORS. 116, 118, and 120, BROWNLOW HILL. Telephone, 5,171

LONG W ORTH, PAPER MERCHANT. CHEAPEST IN THE CITY. SPECIALITIES : Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET. MANCHESTER.

L OOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD•HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their FrAmes when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK. VOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLE.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss, sd; Hooks to Gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to Is 6d per dozen; Gut Casts, th•me yards,2o,4d, 6d, and 9,1 each ; Gut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d. two yards 4d, three yards 6d ; Floats, two for ld ;porcupines, id each; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d, and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe). •

UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS 1! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' Sc GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UNIBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN HALT AN noun FROM 3s. 6D, T. BRIERLEY, 49. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

ISLE OF MAN.—EIPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Sundays excepted). From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLAS. Daily 10-30 am and 2pm I Daily 9am and 4pm EXTRA SAILINGS. Fridays ......... 5 pm & 12 noon I Mondays 12-30 au Saturdays 5 pm A 12-30 night I DAY EXCURSIONS DAILY. From Liverpool 10-30 am I From Douglas 4p m Arrive Douglasabout 2-15 pm I Arrive Liverpool about 7-45 pm And by Saturday's midnight steamer, to return Sunday midnight steamer. DITEEPOOL TO RIMSZT.—DIrect Mondays and Saturdays. at 12-30 noon. Via DOUGLAS, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thurs- days, and Fridays, at 2 pm. The most enjoyable route to Dublin. Belfast, and Glasgow is via Douglas. Cheap excursions and short sea passages. Illustrated pamphlets of sailings, Ac.. creis, or postage Id. THE ISLE OF MAN STEAMPACKET COMPANY LIMITED, IMPERIAL BUILDINGS, DOUGLAS; THOS. ORFORD & SON, 22, Water Street, Liverpool.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. 41 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown GERMANIO ...Wed., Aug. 10 CYMRIC Friday Aug, 12 Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marked thus Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore* Apply to 'sway, Imam, and Co., Liverpool and M. Leadenball street, London 8.C..

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK. BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND aLouid tak. all/PatO / the LOWEST RATES at JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINNE" OFFICE. WARRINGTON. W RITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA every WEDNES ELY.

LORD BROS. BIG SALE OP CAPES, COS rIJM FS, MACKINTOSHES, DRESSES, SKIRTS Sze. Is NOW ON, RIDICULOUS PRICES IMMENCE REDUCTIONS ASTOUNDING BARGAINS LORD BROS'. 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

I TAM kJ fAQ OLIANTER AND CIRCE 'CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatie tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show-rooms 35, NORTH JOHN STDEET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND nAUNDERSON, District Manager. Established 1859. Sole Agent for Warrington : ME. A. STANWAY, 37. Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, Ironmongers.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 671 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes, Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Silver. Electro Plate, Overmantlez, Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables. Ice., Ice, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press °pillions siy this Establishment is unsurpassed for Etyle and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED,

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 1, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

S•P•Q•R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY!! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTIO NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Balrd's Pill. Price ls, lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents), at the Reduced Price of 90. BOOTS, CASE CHEMISTS (WESTERN). LrD . PROPRIETORS. HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGRIN. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, &C.

NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., CROSS LANE, EARLESTOWN, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CYCLE FACTORS. We hold the largest Stock in the district to select from, comprising the following well-known makes, viz. : RUDGE-VirillTWOßrif, LTD., NEW HUDSON CYCLES, COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES, SUNBEAM .CYCLES, BA.YLISS, THOMAS, AND CO„ EXCELSIOR CYCLES, ROVER CYCLE CO., ROYAL ENFIELD CYCLE CO. All the above makes will be on view at SHOWROOMS, CROSS LANE. REPAIRS OF ALL KINDS, AND MACHINES BUILT TO ORDER On the Premises by skilled Merhanios who have been employed for some years Building Cycles for MESSRS. RIIDGE-WHITWORTH :LTD. • Customers may depend upon their orders being executed in a irst-elass manner and at moderate charges, MANAGING PARTNER AND DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE MB. J. H. DUTTON

EUSTANCE AND CO.'S GREAT WATCH, CLOCK, PLATE, AND JEWELLERY SALE IS STILL CONTINUED DURING ALTERATIONS. DISCOUNT 10 TO 25 PER CENT. 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. wHEATLETS GINGER BEER. To be bad In CAST or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AM eM2 ALE. WARDI B'S HOREHOUND BEER

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. AWARD OF GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WM. WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES Fitted up on the Latest and Most Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 18, PARE PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRIN GTON.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1892. HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD 116 DAL AND DIPLOMA. Ws L 0 STORES N DD A I up WARRINGTONRB Y S lIIR E, AR Z F FRESH MILE TWICE DAILY, ara MILK WROM 11 a.m. FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

WORSLEY'S LIG SALE. A SCRAMBLE FOR BARGAINS. THIS IS NOT AN ANNUAL SALE, IT IS NOT A STOCKTAKING SALE. BUT IT IS A GENUINE CLEARING OUT; GET RID OF EVERYTHING' SALE OF THE FINEST STOCK EVER SACRIFICED. The Receivers and Liquidators say the stock must be cleared out regardless of cost and without reserve. You are cordially invited to Call and inspect the Steck contained In the Eight Largest Showrooms in the North of England. Every article, without exception, is marked in plain tgures. You IP y walk roand and view the goods for yourselves. The micee will more than astonish you, such an exceptional opportunity rarely occurs. FOR KOH-CLASS BEDROOM SUITES in Chippendale, Sheraton, Pollard ,Oak, Italian Walnut, Arc., Ac. Come to WORSLEY'S BARGAIN SALE. For good serviceable DINING AND DRAWING P_ 00111 SUITES. New and Second-hand, for the Cottage or Mansion, Come to WORSLETS BARGAIN SALE. , FOR DINING, DRAWING, AND SITTING ROOM TABLES. Wine, Card, aid Occasional Tables, Overmantels. Occasional Chairs, Couches, Sofas, Ottomans, Chesterfields, no. Come to WORSLEY'S BARGAIN SALE, FOR BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING of Every Description, Cots, Ac., FOR AXMINSTER, WILTON. BRUSSELS, AND TAPESTRY CARPETS, Lie Squares and Piece Goods, FOE CORE, LINOLEUM% Floor Cloths. Rugs, Mots, am. FOR PIANOS, by all the best makers, New and Secondhand, COME TO WORSLEY'S GREAT BARGAIN SALE. Our instructions are Positive and absolute to clear out essrything as quickly as possible. Complete HOUSES OF FURNITURE, from ,10 guineas, to £l.OOO. Thera is a large and cool REFRESHMENT Room, where visitors (whether purchasers or not) can be supplied with fight refreshments gratis. Waitresses in attendanoe. WORSLEY'S LIMITED (In Liquidation), THE PANTHEON, OAT THORN, L'ANCHESTER. BY ORDER OF THE RECEIVERS AND LIQUIDATORS.

JNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE/ STREET, WARRINGTON FON GOOD BOOTS.

DUTTON AND VOLYER, 'LAT .irrvar Aair• co. LRONLONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMBET AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS tut VIEW.

OPENING OF NEW PREMISES, 15, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRING CON. FALSHAW AND LEWIS, GLASS CUTTERS AND GLAZIERS, MOUNT CUTTERS AND PICTURE FRAME MAKERS. Wholesale and Retail Dealers in WINDOW GLASS, LOOKING GLASS, ROLL, ROUGH AND POLISHED PLATE GLASS, ENAMEL GLASS, &o. Also a Selection of PICTURES, PICTURE MOULDINGS, PLAIN and FANCY PATTERNS, MOUNTING BOARDS and BACK BOARDS. Glass Cat in small sizes for Forcing Frames, Hot-Bed Frames. to., from lid. per foot. All work practically done and promptly attended to.

MERSEY CYCLES. Wonxs: LIVERPOOL-ROAD, WARRINGTON. MAKERS OV THE MERSEY CYCLES. Agents for the famous RUDGE-WHITWORTH, TRIUMPH, LEA-FRANCIS and TOWERED CYCLES. The above will be sold at Reduced Prices during the months of July and August.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, tec., &c. , TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &c., fitted complete, 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"A WONDERFUL WATCH." 50S. A thorolightv reliable aIIHAND-MADE SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket, "FOR FIF Y SHILLINGS." This wet chi' timedto a minnte, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION 1 A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-, treet, Warrington. N.B, Sent post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

I 111 THE MANCHESTER AILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 1 THE LEADING CLOTHIERS 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL SPRING: SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest Patterns 1 Leading Styles I I Popular Prices II THE M.D.C. MEN' SUITS, 18/6 TO 50/_ MEN'S TROUSERS. 6/6 TO 16/6 Beady for Wear I Well Made I I Latest Cut II I ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS To MEASURE from 8/6 To 18/6 SUIT TO MEASURE ' 28/6 ~ 60/- in High-Class Scotch and Cr sh TWEEDS, Blue SERGES, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &c., &c, VALUE UNEQUALLED. THE M.C.D. YOUTHS' AND JUVENILE DEPARTMENTS TO MEET THE GROWING TRADE The preparations in these Departments have never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in i JUVENILE CLOTHING. THE M.C.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITS. All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 103 HORSEMARKET STREET, QT ARRINGT,ON.

ONE THIRD OF ;YOUR LIFE Is SPENT IN BED. SLEEP ON OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 35/.., WOOL BEDS, 10/95 PILLOWS, 1/3. MAIN .191ATTRES9S, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES. 12/9 lee FEATHER PILLOWS AT 2.a. 6n. All properly Purified by Chemioal Proceso and GUARANTEED SWEET, CLEAN. AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STROM/ BEDSTEADS. 136. 11D.WIRE MATTRESS, 95. Si,. BASSINETTES AND MAILCARTS FROM 255. Note the Address , LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUITERMARKET-STKEET. WARRINGTON.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; large t stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE t) FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the ro..nd and Half-round always in stook. A handsome p.esent given to each pur• chaser. Finger size-cards post f-ee.—EUSTANCIi AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

THE WARRINGTON SuA.TE Co., LI) DINORWIG AND PE NRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AG NTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACXERS, WHITLEY & CO., LB., BICXERSHAW COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICE. Arn.e S' -Con, Warrington. Telephone 19, I. ArY e3s, Arpley, Warrington. I Warrington.

TEETH,—A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. 10 year? warranty. SAM WOODS, Esq., says In his testimon al " They are a perfect it, exceeding Comfortable, and are a credit to you.' H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BEWSBY-STREET, WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS.

ACCIDENT ASSURANCE. ACCIDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. EMPLOYERS LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE k.,0. ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS PAID 1'13,85'1,000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester Office : 64, Dross Street. AGENTS. Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES. Market Gate St. HeleneMr' W.H. BIGBTC:7 B. LEACH. d 1; aw vi.st (a t e froeredt Kuutsfe:rd Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Sandbaeh Mr. R. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge

BEANCO CYCLES MANUFACTURED IT BAXENDALE & CO MANCHESTER HANOYER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

01 . • \ --...•11)'' ' ' - ~.5 . . ~ . • ... HOME, HOLIDAY COSTaTMES ,c ~... ~ 4,,,,,, -'.6! --,‘,.....,....„ a HALF-GUINEA C ,i."' ..% f s •.',Asj-7.---,.*, sent by Parcel Post direct from the Largest Finn of Cos- , • , :,:&',:‘,., turniers in the World ( Originators of Half - Guinea ,;,-/-- "11.4' , ? /,. "1 A\ : Costumes), end universally admitted to be THE HIGHEST *. ,' ••. . KNOWN VALI7I4 FOB MONET. ''. =... Supplied in the to two good durable 4 ,<:;h. '''''....4l--il. ''n:'.,,:t cloths : 1.-JOH 61 NOBLE CR EVIOT SERGE, .6. ~;,,,;.!, .',',;'-10,. ~, •, oe, weighty and weather-resisting. _ 11-JOHN ~-.:111:,, T.;..:,, . NOBLE COSTUME COATING. smooth j. •Vi te, 11'. . . surfaced, and of lighter weight. 04171&11" .6::' ' • ''s e. 4 PATTERNS SENT POST FREE, •. ••• 4,;•,;',7,„"i .., .7 , '. int,-;,.''N.,--•',.. is‘‘.._ -, together withthe new 84pp.Illustrated Fashion • Nr.-,-,4. v, , • i .•, ~: ~...; . .1,,,, -• ~ ••• Book for LilliioS and Children, and need rot - ,‘ .. ' '.'4`. ,-....4.4' _he - , be returned. P ll' lease mention this newspaper '% ,4 h • Ns, .6 4 1 ,4,,'\-:10 . wileßFlVVitEss LENani or eithe_riig ....,....f' t ‘..• 4 N.. VkCo,C ' : cloth (6 yards 62 inches wide) for 7,5 a 'so '..,---,---: --- ' . 0 AN\ ~ - ‘,...,,,,r;,:-.LA, COLOURS of AD Costumes are Black,Navy,,------,%--I,•_-____ -5, / - ~,# ,7' , ) :11; ?ic. ',,,, ..., ,"....;‘,k,,,,:te..r, g, - 1-. 4 Electric, Brown, Baby. !Myrtle, lawn, Grey', r-....-_-• .4,-, ':.;,-",- ' ' , .r 7 \ . \ .c.4.,:,...:7.,,,, il Moss, Sage Green, and Purple. _,...--:' r ~,,,,,S • ..iie •• s M .s, ih-e.,,,,,,,,,,-. THE THETIS SizES IN SToCIC are 34, M, and x-...,--, •,, ~ ~ , - >,,, ', ' r\ . \,,,;••• ''.:.. IA ~ 38 Ina. round butt (under arms). Skirts being ----,-4...- , . ~, , • ~,, ... i Sri, 40, and 42 ins. long iu front. Any other -•-•,,, I/ , A /2,•/;::, size can be specially made to measure, LS ex. 11,- *. '1;.1 7 iTia• .i';, 4 ,% g d.* , .1 0 / "V •,.: A I ~.., N . , / A. 7 , / 1 ~,.. Tv ;41 , \ ,s,j ~, •;• . Vl' T 1 . ' / ,P,••• / • A. \ ' -...1,,t ,/ 4.' ,041,1., 41.4 ~,. '''''' i .'l'l\ s A. • '.. l. ' C,', •s' '.. f 'Ati ' '''. ,i• , -; • ' ~.^. '. ''' ' ' . (41' . olt , It . „„,/ ~,,.. .-' ~ , e ' \ i •‘- , /Or The New "CURRAGH" il ), rx , -,......0 • THE JOIIN NOBLE Costume. - MODEL 900 -Sinihrt tailor finished open , , , , KNOCKABOUT z Fitocxs Fott GIRLS. el ' Coat and full-wide Skirt. Price complete ,: / .MODEL 00L-A. smart bodice trimmed owl ivetteings an • costume, 10/6. Car-1 Menage 64. extra. •;,,' // ', Made In strong Serge: sleeves mill- I lit Utary braid. :;„ ~,, with saddle - top, full pull wide :-kirt. Price complete• , Skirt alone for 5/6. I 1,11 U Carriage 6d. ,' i:, Supplied also in good stout Drill orPique ,1", , 7,./ 6, sleeves and pocket. costume 10/6. Carriage 64. Skirt ' at the same price (Blue, Fawn or White) if , ,;' 21 2427303836 39 42ing. alone sig. Carnage gd, or in Covert coating for 13/6; or in Mix- "' , „,,,, -' GO 2/ 2/6 ai 4'6 4/ 4/65/ea. 0 lure suiting for 18/-. ..-- .../ --, , Lengths arefrom top of 4 MODEL 684. -Tailor made ' neckband to edge o ' Bankers t "LONDON AND skirt in front Carriage MIDLAND" BASK, LTD. GIRL'S BEEPER COAT an dfull pe i : -QC-i r .. extra. WOOLLEN wide Skirt. Lengths(in fronCan Prces• A.', 9 e.., AKNITTED CAPS (as Kindly name this newspaper • 30 33 36 39 t 2 inches. Carriage 6d. sketch)b-. All shades. when ordering from- SS 7/6 8,6 9/6 10/6 each. extra. BROOK JOHN•NOBLE• LTD, . STREET MILLS, MANCHESTER. • . ...,.., ~ , . ...„..„.„..„. .•, ~..,..„,......m.

40, THE CAUSE' OF JADEDNESS IN SUMMER. To the Editor of the Warrington" Examiner." In face of scientific sicts, how many pp, p'e sit MI to breakfast in the summer months and dr.ok tea so coffee—an utterly unscientific pratice in itorelf-354 fonow this up by r &staking of a more or lees. quastity of flesh food. Jost think for a moment. Tho injurious effeuts of frcqunnt indu'genc- in tea ore, well-known ; and coffee, uoually wed as a Me4ri of kerbing people awake, ia C mmonly semi on tho treak foot table at an hour when people c •rtainly requ'r°o no waking up ! it is simply compelling the stomac digest (cod which the system does not re qu r 6° which it cannot get rid of. Drugs and medicine are wrirso than unless in sal, circumstaixes ; they simply assist in the ologging ptO What fa wanted is not BO much food as nruriahmeot. sad a periaily digsred Food-hevrrare such la prs' Tiobleei' V.-Cocoa wrtril, if uoicerslth wed &ring in summer, as its mesit,. deserve, do much towar. reliel; leg the Cistress caused •by carelessne.ts ii cooi3o ° fond. , It i 3 at this season, too, that femilie;a on pleostir bet are More liable to overlook eurti facts a, the abo/e„; with the result that, whot should have been a Italia" ' and vlease fr un business worries, is &noir m.de tr; excwe for over filling the boOy with unsuitable iond.t". vest.," effects sf which make themselves felt at a fir°,4 wiles health and vigour imuld, if the natural leals health had beeo studied a little, have been Ara" entab ish. d. Every perlmsntem and hamper should. therefore; contain a supply f Dr. littil.us' Vi-Cccoa, and it ctgb to b 3 on every brsakfost tablr. The tired, languid fell g referred to dieapnear Dr. Tiobles' VeCocoa is ds.jy use I. This ssecin 10 t'2 ' great sustenart and vita is g p iwera which Dr. Ti • be; vi.cce a an eraiilly gives w those who use it regullirl.r, Thr uianda r,f pole Dave tile t Dr. lib. 1-s' Vi.-Coefty es a Su caner Bev. nti.e with the most sat'sfac:cry reeiV Voss. who hove riot dose so, shou'd wile a 0 c,e 61 and 62, Buohiil Row Lon io 1, E.C. for a f. e samp!e tiu which wilt he fcr arded by return f poet- . . Yours truly, SPECIALIer•

Londou, N. W. THE CURSE OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence, by Dr. Sands' Live* Seeds; or money refunded. The tiniest yegetablit seed on earth that will cure you. One seed a doe. One bottle sufficient for any ordinary case. 244 seeds in a bottle. New Grand Discovery. Will cure: Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion. Wind on Stomach. Dyspepsia. Nervous Disorders. Sick Headaches. Female Ailments. Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. Of all medicine dealers at ninepence per bottle, or root free upon receipt of nine penny stamps. Sands' Medicine Co., 26 Hart Street, Bloortisbutio London. Mention this paper. (coevuota• :fiat APO* 4 , . • - not4l 'E ITALIAN MANDOLINES, 03:00 'Ay reduced Price 4 linorat.us ITAItS. VIOLINS, iR AND SONS -STRIART, LIVNIZPOOL. tblished 11546 I.eleplicne 5815

A. unique opportunity is offered at present of trying two articles which should be of interest to every lady of the house. These are Brown & Poison's PATENT CORN FLOUR and Brown & Poison's PAISLEY FLOUR, samples of which are being distributed broadcast through the town. The Patent Corn Flour is the first quality of their world-famed article, of a most delicate flavour, and is of the utmost purity, and its strength such that a small quantity goes a long way. l'he Paisley Flour, lately introduced, is already very popular, owing to its excellent qualities in raising and improving scones, cakes, and home-bread. Bread made with it is digestable even when new, and baking with it is so simple that it really "makes home-baking a pleasure." Nearly every house in Runcorn and neighbourhood should get these samples, and Brown & Poison only ask every lady receivinc, them to give them a fair trial, and if she likes them to ask them from her grocer, and be sure to ask for the "Patent Corn Flour," Ask for BROWN fk POLSON'S CORN FLOUR 'PATENT" is their BEST QTTALITY—and be sure that you get it. Brown & Poison's Paisley Flour makes home-baking a pleasure.

DLACKPOOL.—HOLIDAY and CONVALEsDENT HOME STATION-ROAD, SOUTH SHORE (formerly Arnold House). WOMEN. 12s. 6d., MEN, 14s. per week, Board in- cluded. Exclusively for Working People. All applications (by lc _ter only) to be addressed to the Hon. Director, 32, Church- •treet, Manchester. (Miss) S. G. MAXWELL, Secretary. ELANDUDNO.—The CLIFTON BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMENT and RESTAURANT close to station and Promenade, good accommodation for cyclists, parties catered for, liberal table; terms moderate.—Apply K. JONES, Pro- prietress. LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 3410 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 1 71, BOSTON SQUARE. HONE CONTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician : Dr. BARNADO. summer and Winter Residence. One of tke handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort Inc Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

riIHE BLACKPOOL RESTAURANT and CATERING CO, 22. Church-st,eet, Elackpool. INVITE APPLICATIONS for Tenders from Large and Small Parties. Choirs, Sunday School Teachers and Scholars. tdothera' Meeting Treats, or any other assembly. Our tarlft is of the very best, at moderato charges. Dining and Tea Rooms are lofty and spacious.—Apply to W. P. Flames. HOTEL-LEEPERB SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD. P• AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW CARPE CS, FURNITURE, REUPHOLSTERING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING. Ao. Designs and Patterns Sent on Application. Note Address,—CHARLES sourriottx CO., LTD.. 38, 40, and 42, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, N. 6367.

Apartintnto, Er gurnisbo /tottOts.

RAMSBY.—APARTMNTS, near piers and bathing II ground; bathe, hot and cold, —Mrs, TOPPII3. 35,W ater- lbo-road. BLACKPOOL —Mrs. ADNITT, 17. Clifford-road, North Shore. Comfortable APARTMIINTS ; three minutes from sea. VURNISKBD Cottage or APAIUMENTS ; three bedroorcs 1 sitting-room, piano.—Mrs. limmeaseN, Braithwaite, Keswick.

Ail RS. OWEN,Bewsty Rouse, 85, Lord-street, North Shot e ITA. Blackpool, APARTNIINTS. Five minutes freml .1- tot-road, tram and sea.

DLACKPOOL.— (North), Comfortable APARTMENTS ; Public or Private : near Sea, Station and Amusements. MRS I •YCGCX, Osborne House, High-street. BLACKPOOL —Mrs. R %STREW 33. Templeton-terrace North Shore. Good BEDS and Cooking; two minutes from sea ; near Hydro; piano.

COLWYN BAY.—APARTIIFINTS, excellent, near station, woods, and new parade; good cooking and attend,tnce ; terms moderate.—Boe VISTA, Greenfilld-roArl. Colwyn B

/ RS. WILKINSON, 29 1311 moral-road, S.S., Blackpool. /Y 1 Near S. Shore Statl in. trams and pier, good sea view, public and private APARTMENTS with or without board. Plano, bath.

DOUGLAU.—Mrs BISTISAM, Pemberton Houle. 5, Empress-drive, Castle Mona,sea views ; private sitting- rooms at moderate terms ; tea, bed, and breakfast from 3s. 6.1 t..anas pass drive.

1) A.4BI3Y.—SANDRINGHAM Hnusif. liallure-mount , 111, charmingly situated. facing the lea ; comfortable APARTAIHNTS, pubic room. baths, hot and cold ; terms moderate.—Stamp for reply, Mn. Warrrainat.

TIOUgLAS. ISLE OF MAN.—Comfortable APART- MENTS with or without board, Mrs. Vinx,Manches'er House 5, Castle Mona Avenue, Broadway ; within 'a few ards of shore and bathing ground. Terms, bed 2s, sr tea ed aid breakfast 3s 6d.

66 ITOW TO EN9URIS HEALTH." -A medical work giv 1 lug Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of- all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square. Barnsbury, Lun- don, N.

EVERY MAN SIIFFERING from Ner—ous and Physical Debility should Bend for a walla 'a pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent mire. sent sealed, post free. Address— NORTON 59, & 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.C. hstaniished 30 Year..

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of tsking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive °mins write to me and I will send you a ok which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness. &c., from whstever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEC- TRICITY. bcnt in envelope on receipt ot two stamps for postage. A. J. LF:IGIE, a 92-93. Great Russell-str et. London. W.O

G-. H. & H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61 63 C 1 1 HIIRCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

Lady's Gold English Lever WATCH, Payments taken. in Heavy lget Geld Cases; by that well-known maker, J. HARRlS,Mall- chester. Note the price 1 103. OD.

Gent's Solid Gold Curb RING, very Payments taken. massive, only £1 is. 6D.

SPECIAL. Payments taken. Splendid OVBRSLANTLE, British Plate Bevelled edges, very massive. £4 10. O. Cheap at S

Really Cheap SlDEBOARD,bevelled Payments taken. plate back. Very massive well made. £5 15. OD. Cheap at S

Parlour SUITE. Embossed Velvet Payments taken with Patett Girder Brace, which was introduced a few years ago as a complete full and final cure for creaky chairs has new got itself firmly established in the market and chairs fitted with this Brace are pre- ferred before all others by every house furnisher desirous of main- taining a reputation for sellif:g sound and reliable Goeds. Note the 6 10 price S. OD•

A Large Assortment of Parlour and Bedroom CARPET at cost priee on Sale, Note the Address 59, 61, AND 63. CHURCH-STREET.

141 I_,D, W. 1414DWARDS, SHOP, OFFICF, AND HOTEL FIT TER. JOINER. AND SIMP FRONT BUILDER, a, VICTORIA-STREET, LIVERFOOL SHOPS FITTED COMPLETE FROM RIO TO £5OO NEW AND SECOND-HAND FIXTURES AND FITTINOS ALWAYS IN STOCK. ESTIMATES NEE IN TOWN OR COUNTRY.

ATILNEIVS SAFE, Burglar pr of Holdfast Bands. list 3 AL two drawers; powder-proof locks ; cost new £46 ; my price £2l Uco smaller £6 65 —EDWARDS, 83, Victoria street Liverpool.

DITCH, Creosote Oil, Prick Oil ; retail or in ship loads.— LORD, Ship Canal Tar Works. Weaste, Manchester. lIGHT GIG FOR SALE in very good condition; lamps and cushions ; £7.—BENTCLIFFIC HOUSE, Regent-street, Eccles, Manchester. LIMA) GLASSES, achromatic, very powerful 18s 6cl and _l2 8s 6d each ; worth double, genuine offer, on approval.— Address bTORES, Preesall, Poulton-le•Pylde.

TAO YOU WANT A BABY'S PELISSE ABSOLUTELY PRISE ? Then write at once, sending stamped addressed envelope to MRS. ASH DOWN. Tetbury, atm is

02s. to Us a week can be earned on the "Original" FOS- TER PATENT KNITTER ; knits stockings. socks. &c—Write DALES FOSTER. Maker, Friargate. Preston. (-`1 LAZIER'S DIAMONDS.—Rsilaale tools at moderate 1,..T prices. Diamonds re-set 2s. 64. ; write for list.—A Sgaw. 5. Itihere street. Onswell-road. London, ar INFANTS' NAINSOOK PINAFORES, trimmed with E broidery an,3 Lace; 64 to 3s 61. Every style and quality of children's clothina..—AntnowN,Tetbury, Glos.

LIAR I'HENWARI3 and China.—Seconde £2 crate : Bests !,1 £3 ; or will send 15 dozen !month articles for 179. 6d. write for ists.—WEßß AND Co., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton.

(IBRIEN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapest. Tables Re-Cushioned and Ite-Covered.-..4. O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Ihidze-street, Manchester.

ALOVELY new SONG for male or female. /ratitled " I lore you still nay darling." always applauded ; sent post paid for is 4d. money returned if Rot appreved.-OSWILD BENEDICT AND Co 40A, King William et., Loudon

w,ily NO P WRITE to- in), for Easy SELF MEASURE- MINT 'FORMS. and get your Clothing at first oast? BUIT9 from 225. 6d.. TROUSERS. 6s. 9d. Only a peitzarsl. —PATBTON BROS • Atlas Works, Jacksaa.street, Derby x

T ADY will dispose of black Crepon DRESS PI ECE,Leautl- _LA ful brocade. 6 yards. cost 299 6d accept 18s 6d. Also beautiful buckhorn, gold mounted (hall-marked) Umbrella, Fox's frame. worth 2 guineas take 14s 6.1. Approval free Address Miss D. CHANTNY. Bllston.

66 g—S--A- RDRN NETTlio—."—Good and strong. well oiled and vx dressed, mesh made to keep smallest birds from Buds, 131•3m5, and Seeds in the ground. Price 100 by 1 yard wide, 3s. 2 ynrds wide. 6L; 3 yards wide, 9s. Carriage paid ordermver ss, in ya!ue. Any length and width s ttp- plied ; U3O in tha Royal girdens. —A, POTTER, Wulyerhamp ton.

DROTECT YOUR GARDENS from RAVAGES of BIRDS. —TANNED NETTING. 35 square yards for Is Will not rot, if left out in all weathers ; send any width ; carriage paid:on all orders over ss. As supplied to the Royal Gardens. Seat on approval. Hundreds of te timonials. Common netting. 5) yards for la.—From HENRY J. GASSON, Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

MAGAZINE HAND CAMERA, carries 12 t plates. Achromatie lens with stops, view indor, time and instantarieopi, shutter. spring release to, 18, 6d ; oust double. Smaller one takes 6 plates, 103 6d ; both new and in good working order; approval anywhere.—THOMlS, 130, Uxbridge rosd, Shepherd's-bush, London. W.

ENTS I TENTS I—Suitable for Gardens. Cricket. or Comping-out purposes. 40 feet In circumference, pegs. Pole, mallet, and lines complete (with tent bag included) nese tents are white, and have only been used a little by Her Majesty's Government, and originally cost over £6 each. I will send one complete for 255. Can be sent on approval. N. 8.-1 have a quantity of tents from 15s te 201 each, but the tents which please My easterners are those I send out at 25s each, Carriage paid. Price List of marquees (any size) post free. I DO NOT RhQIJIIIE PAYMENT TILL YOU HAVR ED AND aPPROVED OF THE TENT.— Front 11. J. flAssoet, Government Contractor, Rye.

TBIPTS.—Cost the Government over £6 each. Made of Pure White Waterproof Linen, scarcely used, 40ft Circumfer- ence. 'Oft high, with poles. pegs: runners, lines, mallet. and bsg, ac Including the very latest improvements to stand all climates and weather; very adaptable for cricket, tennis, b Ailing, Ching, camping-out lawns, boating parties, Bte ; all complete and ready for use. Price 30s. each, carriage paid ; these are all picked tents awl are as good as new ; special quotat ions for three or more ; can be sent en approval ; two supplied Buckingham PalaPe ; catalogues of marquees tree ; also genuine testimonials for reference. AR6IY GROUND RUBBRR SHRB IS, 6ttby 3ft ; indir.,ensable when camping out, Cs each ; can be used with ths tents.—A. POTTBR, Tent Marnealturer, Al.dbourne Works, Wolverhampton. Maker to the Queen and Prince of Wales.

TOPICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. moRELL,I7 and 18. Great Bt.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbm7, • W.C. Cheapest House I London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and Rohmn Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings &o. Wboleale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Begilding. Spescial attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just pit - Hebert, 107 pages containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram RAISE 111 r, London."

DR. HUGO'S eelebrated FOOT CURL An absolute cure for teaderdnalodorous aid sweaty feet. In large boxes Is 6d and Ls 6, post free, 3d extra of Da. Huno's Certoeura Co., 54, Bow-lame, Lot don, 1443. x

SOUTHPORT.—TRIPB and CHIP POTATO RESTAU- RANT for disposal ; retiring ; about £2OO required.— Address T.C., EXAMINER" OFFICE, Warrington.

(A WE of the best MIXED BUSINESSES ; suit two er three kj ladies ; will teach them, end prove more than a living; cask trade; genuine ; price £1 to £20.-126, WEST PARK-ST., Salferd

FOl2 SALE. Greengrocery and Fruit Business. together with good hawking round; good reasons for leaving ; going in public business; splendid opportunity. Apply 59, wEsTGATE. Burnley.

CONFMCTIoNERY. Bread. Pastry, Drinks, Ice Cream BUSINESS established 7 years cash trade, splendid , position, roomy living place. bath lavatory, wc. rent lls weekly and rates, out £lOO, but owing to illness. would accept £7O. or reasonable effer.—Apply personally 175, ASHTON-NEW-ROAD. Beswick, Manchester.

ihp-ovr TO HNSURN HHALTH."—On the Laws Govern- ing Life, and the Causes, hymptome and Treatment of all Diseases depending on Nervous Debility, Mental and Physical Depresd n, Palpit :bon of the Heart. Noises in the Head and Ear. Sent post free two stamps.—MEsana. BARNES AND C0.,48. Loasdale-square, lhornhill-road, London, N.

P ECOEDE CYCLE COMPANY, 107, BOLD-ST., LIVERPOOL. New Machines, Detachable tyres, guaranteed twelve months. £7 10s. Our £l2 12s. Machine to first 10) customers from this Depot £9 his., fitted with inch pitch roller chain. Second-hand Pneumatics in stock from £4 ; Cushion tyre machines £6 new. RECORDE CYCLE CO., BIRMINoIiAM & LIVERPOOL Telephone 6510, Liverpool. ETONIC CYCLES are absolutely without rival as LYI. regards quality, finish, and price. GENT'S trom £lO 10s. LADY'S from £ll. Large stock of Best Swedish Weldless Cycle Tubes and Fittings of all sizes. Plaiting, Enamelliug, Turr,ing, Brazing. and Wheel Building for the Trade. MOONLIGHT MANUFACTURING COMPANY, WllRlCS—hdgevale, Smithdown-lane, Liverpool,

BOYS' AND GIRLS' MACHINES. THE FAMOUS JUVENILE MACHINE KNOWN AS THE RIDGFIELD Is the finest J nvenile Machine in the market being built In exact fac-simile of a first-dass high grade Machine, ball bearings throughout, brake, mudguards, beet weldiess steel tubing, pneumatic lyres thickly plated and enamelled yellow or black rims, selvet handle's, pump, Ac. In three sizes 22, 24, and 26 inch wheels PRICE £6 153. OD. What the Cycling papers say "The Wheeler "—First-class line. " Football and Cricket News —Handsome and Exce lient " Birmingham Daily Post "—Dainty, Cheap and Good. " Sports "—Excellent. Cyclers News "—Suit those in search of good machines. " Scottish Wheeler "—Well constructe i and chap. " Scottish Cyclist "—Neat'y designed and well finished. " Irish Cyclist "—Glad to note their beautqul construction. WORKS : 18 Awn 2, MULBER HY-STREET, BEHIND BRAZENNOSE-STREE r. ALBERT SQUARE, MANCHESTER, Sent direct on receipt of Post Order or Cheque. Guaranteed 12 months, bpecial terms to Purchasing Agents. AGENTS WANTED.

PENKETH.—Cottages 4s. 9d., 3s. 6d. auel 2s. Bd. per week. 10, WHLIANGTON STREET, rent ss. 94, HOYLE sTIi"ET. rent 3s al. 21, PERCY STREET, rent 46. 6d. 29. CUMBERLAND STREET, rent 4s. 16 LITTON',; ROW.rent 2s. 6d. 73. WELLFIEL i) STREET. rent 4s. 6d. DALLA ,4 LANE FOU 'WRY with power; L. NAV Railway siding. Apply ROBERT LOWE Ilstate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Wel ringtox. Telephone—No 55.

TO LET. TWO GOOD 110UsE 28 and 30 0 therine-st, IL three bedrooms; Rent 4s. 6.1. each. Apply Marra and Wow:Arib , salicitors,Horsemarket-st.,Warrlngton. . _ LT. COTTAGES off LOVHLY-LA NH rents 4.. Apply ASHTON aad WOODS, solicitors, llorsernarket-it., War- rington.

mo LEL—WARE-Ht. OS-B STARLR with rooms over. and 1 large yard attached ; rent £2s.—Apply ASETON AND WOODS. Solicitor,Horseniarket-st..eet, Warriagton. DIIIIMMISES suitable ter WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.- 1_ Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, SOllCitOrti, HOMMarket-at, Warrington.

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY DIRECT.—There- 1. fore, Telephone '• Avenue 5,801," or Telegraph " Subas- tral, London' o,de used) or write THIS RELIANCE LUBRICAIIG OIL 011-19 and 20,WATER-LANE.GREAT TOWER-STREET LONDON. B.C. The Best and Cheapest NON-CORROSIVE MACHINERY and ENGINE OILS in the World, mend for FREE ORDER FORM and TEICIti LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS. IMITBD (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co, Limited), Hulme. Manchester. have the Largest assortment ef WHEEL, and PULLEY rAT- THRNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalegueof wheel and pullry oatterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

pATENT OFFICN MANCHESTER, litrrantaanED IN 1835. Nessrs.GBOROB DAVlnis & SON have ha 4 more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish tnent, and possess practinalknowiedgeof the cotton, woollen, mid Iron manufacterel• —Solf-help to the New Patent Law, price 13d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. atiORGE DAVIS, Cat, & SON, P.1.P.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

OalefS up guttion. Telephone No. 56. e: ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, egs to announce that he has removed his Offices to the more convenient premises NO. 11 BANK STREET, The Ground !Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

2100 "HOW I make £lOO yearly certain from 25 . Hens kept in absolute confinement." Anyone can de it. Pamphlet showing method, Is. Id.—Ho6Elis, 69, George-street, Oxford.

/TIN MISSES RIIIIIIIII, Son. Hon. Cert. RAM., WILSON PATTUN-STRR KT, WARRINGTON, School will ES-OPEN (D.V.) September 14th, lists of Passes. Foie. Testimonials. etc., on applioation.

ISS ANNIS SUTTON, Professor of Music, Markat Gate Chambers, Warrington, receives pupils for the following subjects e—Piariofcrte. Singing and 'Theory. Pupils prepared fur Trinity College, London College and koyal Academy. Theory glasses held every Wednesday evening. Terms on application.

WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LE-FYLDB, 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Largo detached house. Happy home. Resident English and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Principal.—Miss ROGERSON. Governess- Pupil wanted.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM will begin on TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 13Tx. THE HEAD MASTER will be at home to interview parents on Saturday, September 10th and Monday, September 12th. PROSPECTUS, ON APPLICATION.

THE MOST VALUABLE APPOINTMENTS ARE OBTAINED BY JOINING SHERRY'S PREPAHATOAY COLLEGE T9TAB. 1878. Greatest, Tutorial Institution United King- dom. DEPAItTIIIINTS—CiviI Service. University and Professional, Business Training Aggregate First Year's Salary of Successful Students during 1897 amaunted to £31.660. NEW STUDtsNTS (Oral and rostal), now being enrolled. Fullest details in the Guide and Prospectus, post free. OFFICES AND CLASS-BOOMS Retanda Buildings, 5, BOLD ST.. LIVERPOOL.

IVI ANC H EISIZ PuGuRTARILALIK SCHOOL The NEXT TERM begins TUE .MAY, SRPTEMBER 13th. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 111th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, Ix., may be had at the School. N.B.—The Boarding-hoose in connectims with the school Is situated in Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

p ITTS'S , LONDON-IZOAD MANCHESTER. Close to Station, Just through Railway Arch. THE RENOWNED GENERAL FURNISHERS. DITTS S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i, 22k, 28i, 381 50 up to 1,001 guineas STAND UN; RIVALLED. They combine the MAXIMUM of taste comfort and durability at minimum cost. Every economical person should certainly see them before deciding. Full particulars, press opinions, and testimonials en applica don. Cash prices only quoted. Deterred payment by are rangement. PITTS'S PERFECTED DEFERRED PAYMENT SCHEME is a BOON and BLESSING to people of limited means, enabling nonaes to be made bright and comfortable by small periodical Instalments that never would be otherwise. NO hard and fast rules. Everything done to meet the wishes and convenience of cusi omens, who practically fix their own terms, Pitta's holding the risk themselves until the transac- tion is completed, and not disposing of it to a third party, as many "hard up" firms are compelled to de. pITTS'S SAMPLE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 151 guineas, well worth £35. LIVING ROOM contains strong Sofa or Couch, in American Leather. Set of Chaii s, Serviceable Dresses, Rocking and Arm Chairs, Square or Fall- leaf Tab' e, Fender, Fireirons. Floorcloth and Rug, Wringer, Dolly, and Tub, Three Pans and Kettle. BEDIthOM has Pair of Nicely-polished or Enamelled Toilets, both fully enclosed with Drawers,Large Swing Wars attached,Tile Back, &c.,Two Cane-seated Chairs,Towel Rail, Toilet Set. Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattr-ss, Wool Overlay, Bolster, and 2 Pillows. Carpet or Floercloth. STAIRS and LANDING fitted with Carpet, Floorcloth, Stair Books and Eyes. Brass Door Plate, Coco and Door Mats. Everything Full-sized and Substantial. Invariably gives satisfaction Inspection earnestly invited. DITTS'.4 SITTING ROoM COMPLETE for 9 Guineas, Worth £2O. Contains Reliable Couch two Comfortable lisay Chairs. Set ot Small Chairs in Mahogany and Hair or Leather, Handsome aid Convenient Sideboard,with Bevelled Plates, Table, Wear-well Carpet, Fender, Fire Brasses and Pair of Ornaments and Coal Vase. Really marvellous bargains. DITTS'S BEDROOM COMPLETE for 8 Guineas, worth _l_ double ; contains Spacious Wardrobe, Pair of Artistic Tenet Tables, Chest of Drawers, Pedestal Cupboard. Towel Rail, Three Chairs. Toilet Glaris, Brass-sneunted Bedstead, Mattresses, Wool Bed Bolster, two Pillows, Carpet. Fender. and Toilet Ware. Exceptional value, bound to oleos. 1110ITTS'S BEDSTEAD DI,PLAY In Show Windows, 250 11 feet long, undoubtedly eclipses all others, Previous ,to the Bedstead Manufacturers' Assochtion's rerient 10 per cent advance, Pittres placed contracts for nearly £l,OOO Bed- steads, consequently Pitta's customers are nbw getting the benefit of his bold stroke. Early inspection advisable. PITTS'S FOll CARPET AND FLOOR COVERINGS,—AII .1 British made. Largest, best and cheapest stock. As- tounding value. Glands st display ever seen. PITTS'S FOR PIANOS, by the world-renowned make re Collard, Erard, Kirkman, &c. Considerably under usual prices. In•pection will verify. Cash or deferred. 91111 TITS'S CYCLES, made by several of the oldest and largest firms in existence, have by their STERLING MERITS, gained the unanimous approval of the 'Cycling Public. Excellently nesigned, scientifically constructed, and of exceptionally attractive appearance, they are the quint-es- sence of everything most desirable in an up-to-date.tnoroughly reliable machine PlrtS'S CYCLES are splendidly die played in shop-windows 250 feet long, and offered at con- siderably less than expensive City firms demand for machines not half so good. Inspection will prove this, Cash prices only quoted; but Easy Payments arranged. -DITTS'S BASSINETTES, Lamps, China. Glass, Earthen- _l. ware. Magnificent display in Show windows. Pleasuro to see it. Nothing similar t,..) be seen elsewhere. , PITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE.— Every description of Bookcases, Secretaires, Desks, stools, Chairs, safes. Copying presses at about halt city pries. Best selection and utmost value at QAMUEL PITTS. Established 1845. LONDON-RD. (just past Station), MANCHESTER. Ardwick, Lougsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the dastr.

OUR CIIAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE, SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BS BEATEN. botk for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish. but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers, of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 69 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MORTGAGES, all amounts frees £2OO to £20,000, at low rate of interest. J. H. HAGUI, Nellie' inildinga, 49, Spring Gardens (corner Feuntain-etreet), Manchester.

£150,000 At from 3i PER CENT to be ADVANCED on MORTGAGE in SUMS to suit BORROWERS In any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READER, 6, Cook-Bt., Liverpool, Telephone 6,182.

NO PRELIMINARY artiES CHARGED. NIONET LENT PAIVATELY TO FARMERS, TRADESMEN. LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Othe s, In sums of £lO up to £5O. ON BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arrang d to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accoun- tant, 20. Kennedy-street, Manchester. Establlthed 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK 10, CORPORATION-STRRET, lIIANCHESTER. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own, Promissory note. Payable by easy instalments, or in ens sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Alb. on Mortgago of Deeds, Reyersions,and Life ?alleles. No preliminarr fees charged.—Apply to MR. RICHARD WOOD, Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON--. ma. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to xnake ADVANCE') PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Werkiug-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. adONIIII TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, In your simple written pre.roise to pay back.—APPIP ot VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Etation), WIDNES• and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District aenerally receive precisely the same attention.

UN I 0 N CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Rstabllslsed 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-MEN f, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. tic.. at the following scale of charges : £lO repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 143. 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ P 9 £3 Bs. 661. £lOO „ 40s. „ £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application. RICHARD DAVIES, anager. N.V.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2i to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly. M

BUSINESS IS BUSINESS and it is very UNBUSINESSLIKE to ruin er jeopardise your BUSINESS for want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difficult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS lines is the slily gentilse way of doing B USIN ESS. MR. VV. STEWART, 2, COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER, Has large invested funds and will advance sums to re- sponsible Persons from RIO to £lOOO on proper BUSINESS terms at reasonAbln interest and easy replyments. Advances also on Morgages and Revenioris. This is BUSINESS ! STItiCT ! ! PRIVATE! ! ! GENUINE ! I Personal calls or letters receive prompt attention.

FI EL DIN G'S LIMITED. LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life AaE31,11609 Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 • „ 2/6 „ £2O ~ 10/- £lO 5/- £25 ~ 12/6 Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON

NOTIL—NO PRELIMINARY FEES. MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale, Publicity, or Fees from one month to five years. H E NATIONAL 111 ERCANTILE BANK, 3, 1 COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS. CROSS-STREET, Established 1872. MANCHEiTER. Capital. £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge V rehminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectional Loan Office routine is entirely (licensed with. Apply in strictest conlJence to Mr. ROBERT JAM SS, Resident Manager. NOTE.—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS for LOANS on LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND MORTGAGES. NOIE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES.

ALL LADIES will be glad to hear that Mrs. M. Damerau, CERTIFICATED MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructions and irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even In long-standing obstinate cases. It cannot fail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant people, they never send you the right remedy. If you have already done so, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and you will not be deceived. You will find that it Is always cheaper to come to the raght place first. Below are some testimonials received. The originals of these, with thousands of others, can be smn any time. From Mrs. Chetham : "Madam, will you kindly send again one bottle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted splendidly. I enclose Ac."—Mrs. Blame writes: " Kindly iorward by return of et a bottle of your Female Mixture. It put me all right last ohne, and I trust it will do so again." —From Mrs. Pletcher t "Madame I received the Mixture all right, and I took the doses as stated ; it did all that was needed, for which I thank you very much."—.4frs. S. writes from Sheffield " Lam pleased to tell you your medicine did all I had was required, though I thought it had faile,e, for I had tho last dose thirty hours before any change took place. I had the last dote on Sunday, and all was right.as possible Tuesday afternoon. Everything had been as well as It was possible. Had I written toyou at first, I should have been over £2 in pocket. You may show this letter, but cover name and address."—Mrs. Bryan writ.s : "Madam, am glad to be able to report that the last two doses have ad the desired effect. I shall rreommend your remedy to ii my married friends. I think It is excellent, and should be in difficulty again myself, ehould at once apply to you." —From Mrs Carside : " I have much plauture in sending you news of having relief the first morning, for which lam very thankful indeed. I shall always feel grateful fervour Mixture, and if I need anything again, will send to yea." Address: Miss. DAMERAD, Milton Cottage, Forest Hill. London

REICOIFRF.D FO3 TOW LE *5 CH LORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'S LORODYNE BR(gln7ll4'S, Ca coNsiimpr,o. TOWLE'S CH LORODTNE ASTHMA, SPASM &C, TOWLE'S CH LORODYNE S. 130. per Battle, TOWLE'S CH LORO DYN E A. P. Tovrma MANCHESTER.

CAUTION.—BEWAR Pi OF PIRACY AND ImITA, TIONS. CAUTION.—Vice-Cliancellor Sir W. P.1.0N WOOD stated' the; Dr. J. COLLIN Bitowxx was, undoubtedly, the inventor el " HLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FRNMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted lie' say had been sworn to.—See Tined, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 10., 2s. 9d., and 4s 6d. None £8 geaulae without the words "LIE. J COLLIS Bit° wNV'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm' leg Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SdLE Martertarllfteila 4—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Greet Russell-street, Bloomsbury. London From Dr. B. J. HoULTON ANIs CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne bowie practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct., Sods - tire and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irritm Non in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over ah other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant sates' effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of PhysicianB that he received a despatch from her Majesty's ..'onbui at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had beers raging fearfully. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was C.11LodO• DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864.:

BOROUGH OF ; t WARRINGTOL WARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Twentieth Season. General Agent— Mr. WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON near Warrington. RICHARDSON AND CO., PAPEU-HANGING MERCHANTS. 9, AND 11, THOISIAS-STREET, SUUDEITILL. MANCHESTER.

MISS LOBEL ROW, 84, BRIDGB STREET. WARRINGTON, BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, FLURAL BASKETS, LORAL EMBLEAIsi Szc. LONDON STYLES.

GREAT SUMMER SALE NOW ON. NOW ON. THE SATURDAYS IN NEXT MONTH' ANGUST 6TH, 13TH, 20TH, AND 27, ARE OUR on which Special Bargains will be offered. is the " BIG BARGAIN DAY " for MILLINER!' UNDERCLOTHING, AIriNTLES, COSTUMES, AND CHILDREN'S COSTUMES. THE UNDERMENTIONED ARE A FE Br OF T.Eg LEADING LINES. SO DOZ. BLACK and COLORED FANCY STRAW HATS. To be cleared at 611 each LADIES' White CHHElSES.triramed Embroidery. usual price, le lid. To be cleared at is Oid LADIES* TAILOR-MADE JACKETS to wear oith Blouse. Handsomely Trimmed, Utast style OP°3 Coat. New Russian or Sacque Coats in Gre7' Blue, Grey, Fawn and Navy, worth 21. to ns. Real Bargains.—To be cleared at 48 11d. COAT AND ,RIRT. Tweed Cloth with thuble• Breasted or Chesterfield Coat. In Green, Fawn, Gray,Petunia,Brown and Navy. Worth 188 11d. Special Bargains. To be cleared at 88 11. CHILDREN'S " LIBERTY" WASHING FROCKS with Smocked Saddles. Trimmed Lace or Braid In Blue, White and Pink Drill ; also a few White iluslia..Worth 2163 to 4s 6d. To be chi ,red at is. LADIES' AND CHILDEDN'S MACINTOSHES with Newest Capes. All Colours,worth 8s lid to :88. 11d. To be cleared at 3s 11 CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITEZ MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD DIE PENNING/3' CHILDREN'S POWDERS PREVENT CON, VIILBIONS, ARE COOLING AND SOOTHING-. ENN:NOS' CHILDREN'S POWDER For Children Cutting their Teeth, to prevent Con- vulsions. (Do not contain Antimony, Calomel, Opium, Morphia. nor anything injurious to a tender babe.) Sold in Stamped Boxes at is. lid. and Lc 9d. (great saving), with full directions. Sent post free for 15 stamps. Direct to ALFRED FENNINGS, WEST COWES, I.W. Read FIINNINGS' EVERY MOVIER'S BOOK, wnich contains valusble Hints on Feeding, Teething, Weaning, Sleeping, Ais. Ask your Chemist for a FREE COPY 4 2

"In the organism of man as in that of all the highs animals, the materials for the nutrition of every portion the structure are supplied by the Blood. If the btooki diseased the body is diseased." " Clarkes: World tamed, Woo. Mixture" is a guaranteed cure for Blood and Skin DAseasel; It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, SXI will free the system from all impurities from, whatevre cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad fasigi Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, tts effects are rnarvelloo Thousands of testimonials. Sold verywhere at 25,, 9d. Per bottle. Beware of worthies. imitations and substitute."' Adv. 7

DR. SCOTT'S pILLS Contain the fin.st drugs that can be procured 1 DR. SCOTS PILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depressi Ti. DR. scorn' PILLS Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT S PILLS Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified. Ir. SCOTT'S PILLS Can be taken at any time without danger from wet or cold. R. SCOTT'S PILLS Prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR +-LACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy "ItY other medicine instead, but insist on having the rigkt "ang, which is wrapped in a square green package Ebt eyamitter " gotrit6 OF LANCA.SHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Hi -Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- day Morning, mad THE Wanes Examiner, published every Friday 1 morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six "fords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od, 36 ls. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. 3s. id. Os. O. 54 is. 6d. ... Is. Bd. os. od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise meat inserted on credit under Zs. per insert on.

THE EXAMINER. AUGUST sth, 1893,

MUNYON SAYS: THE KEY TO SUCCESS IS HEALTH. No one can put forth best efforts or achieve best results when hampered by disease. CURED PATIENTS CONTINUE TO TESTIFY. TESTIMONIALS. SAYS THERE IS NOTHING EQUAL TO • A MANCHESTER SUFFERER'S TESTIMONY. MUNYON'S PILLS. Mr. Ge rg. Sharman, reeid no. at 22, Rebroct street Flulme, Mauch ster, si.ys :—"ehad ban suffering witl4' Mrs. Phcebe Frayer, of 61, waddington-street, Norwich severe atisclss of rheum tiism fora log tme -Ind coulsit says :—" Gentlemen,—lt give.; me great pleseure to let obtain CO relief. I heard of Munyon's Rhe Anatsm Curel you know how much better my tu•band has teen airce and purchased a b.ttle. Al a. taking only a few &se!' taking your wonderful Rheumatism Cure. Be lyis of the wood, rful litt e pills the pain; in my arms ar suffered from Rheumatism in his shou'ders, arms, end legs left me, and lem now entirely well. I cheerful legs for some time past, and, in f sct, has complained of rec mmend Munyon's Rheumatism Cure to all sufferel pains WI over his body. A few of your itt e pelt, I c,.n al.() re.rrinmend your Cough Cure as a valual however, gave him speedy relief, and I tilunk there is remedy for coughs." nothing to equal them." The Munyon Remedy Compasy do not claim that Munvon's Vitalizer, price 4s. is the grestest tonic have cue remedy that wil cure a I comp a nts. hut 6 ever discovered for men. ttey have asp cific cure for re -r y every disease. It Ask your chemist for free copy of Munyon'; Glide to sot claimed twit Muriyon's Rheuma' ism Cure will cu Health, and treat yourself at home u ith harmless re- c-irmumprion. dyspepsia, or any other comp!aint, bU medies that contain rositive cures for all Oiseases. Sold that it is ap si ive cure for ;h-um,tiin Munyoal: by all chemists, mostly one shl ing a bsttle. DYEp, psia Cure is pr i pared expres,iy to cure dyspepsia ; If you are in doubt as to what rem, dies you need,w rite Munyon's Cough Cure to cure crughs MunyodsCatarrb to Profs ssor Munyon, 121, Shaftesbury-avenue, London, Ri m,d es to cur,. catarrh ; Munyon's Eidn-y Cure fcr free mecicil advice, cure kidney tr üb'e. The sime may be ea.d of al' Munyon's 47 different remedies.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET, Adjoining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Station THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUAIIANT In the Town. GREAT DEMAND FOR CYCLES PLACE YOUR ORDERS AT ONCE 1 J

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNES CHLORODYNB. TUT ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. rItiLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to •—/ be the most wonderful aad valuable remedy ever div covered. CIALOI:9DYNE is the best rem dy known for V Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis add Asthma. pIILOKODYNE effectually checks and emote' V those too often eat ii diseases—Diphtheria. Facet' Croon, Ague. 111:1L011,0DYNg: acts like a charm in Diarrtgego and the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. OBLORODYNE effectually cuts short all eager% N.../ of Epilepsy, flysteeia, Palpitation, and Spasms. CLoRO OvN fi; is tbe only palliative in Neural Rheumatism Gout Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis

SPECIAL SALE oF HIGH•CL ASS SHIRTS. HENRY MILES HAS BEEN FORTUNITS IS SECURING OVER 250 DOZEN SUPeEHRiILODIIRB9iIIsALITY LADIES' AN SUMMER Considerably below Maker's Cost, and will Offer the same in many cases at Less than Half Usual Prices. EXTRAORDINARY ARGAINS. SEE WINDOWS TO-DAY. SALE PRICE is. 6. EACH. LADIES ENGLISH PRINT S !II WS, In Floral and Striped Patterns, Light and Oark Colours, all wlth Turned, down Linen Collars and Cuffs, detachable. Usually 2s. qa each. 1 SALE PRICE is. 11 112 D. EACH CHILDREN'S SKY and PINK Z bIPHYR. a:so WHIT DRILL SHIRTS, Superior Qoality and Finish, Turned-down Collars and Plain Cuffs attached. Usually 3s. 11d. each. SALE 13 RICE 1.,. 112 EACH. LADIES' SUPERIOR CAMBRIC AND CREPON SHIRTS, Fashionably Made and Perfect Fitting, in White with Pin Spots, and Self White. Usually 2s ild each. LADIES' SHIRTS in Brilliantine, Spotted Muslin, French Cambric and Sateen ; can ba had in Black, White, tell Colours, light or dark grounds, in Spots, Stripes, or Floral Designs. All high-class goo ,s; perfect fitting and well made. Detachable Linen Collars and Cuffs,tmther stand up or turned down. Usually 3s lid and 4s lid each. SALE PRICE 2s. BID. EACH, LADIES' HANDKERCHIEF SHIRTS (Latest Novelty), Russian Shape. Black Floral Design, on Cardinal Ground, with Detached Linen Stand up Collar and Self Cuffs. High- class Shirt. Usual price Is lid each, • HIGH-CLASS SHIRTS. in French Cambric. Pique , Zephyr, French Sateen, White. Black, Self.Colours, Light or Dark Grounds,Plxids and Paisley P,tterns,in endless variety all Detachable Linen Collars and Cuffs both ways. Beautiful , goods. Usually 3s lid and 4s lid each, BLACK, also BLACK and WHITE SHIRTS, in Crepon, muslin, and Nun's Veiling, best qualities, with detachable Collate and Cuffs, Usually 48 lid. each. FANCY CANVAS and FANCY MUSLIN SHIRTS, Lined. throughout, Detachable Collars and Cuffs, in Stripes, Spots and tloral Designs. Choice goods. Usually 4/11 and 6/11 each. BEST UALITY CEYLON FLANNEL SHIRTS, superior quality, with Linen Collars and Cuffs. Usually 6/11 each. HENRY MILES, AND 311 CHURCH STREET 25A (CORNER OF TARLETON STREET), AND EDWARDS', aop, 0 , CHURCH STREET (THREE DOORS FROM HANOVER-ST.), LIVERPOOL.

CORPORATIONT OF THE CITY of MAg CHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., Delivered in begs. csrriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton, Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given ear.y In the seas= to prevent disappointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISON, Indoor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. Or to Mr. B. ALDRED. Stamford-rd., Altrincham. Mr. J. 11. NEWTON, West Derby. Liverpool, Mr. J. S. GALLAND, Brookfields, Bsddiley. neat Nantwich. nPORTANT TO LADI CS. PROFESSOR TRAINER'S FEMALE CORRECTIVE. COREECTS ALL IRREGULARITIES, removes all Obstructions from whatever cause arisisg) and relieves the dletroesing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Perfectly harmless, and never fails to bring about the desired result, as testified hi thousands. Price 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. Extra strong lie. GW. fully packed and sent free from observation. ADDRESS :—M ANAGERESS, MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 14, PRICE-STREET "(NEAR SAILOR'S 'Hostn), LIVERPOOL.

VV ILLIA3I WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGTSTERED :7JANITAItY PLUMBER. GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, pEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUSO ToNIRRS and the Public generally th,t he has purchased the BIM INESS successtu ly carried on for many years by Mr. TORN HIMGCOCK at King- street and 17, Milt-street, as Plumber. Glazier, Painter, Gaslitter, ac., where he hopes, by boi,,g more cer.trally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the pt.blic patronage. N.B.—A. Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances ; also a Choice Sclection of wall papers and decorations will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

DON'T WASTE MONEY By Purchasing unnecessarily large .packets of seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us In ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities, PRESS OPINIONS. " We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(Our Penny Packet System) "is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard," " An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and mete costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright dun i g the eoming season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times." -- LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, Contain lug Lists of • Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs. Roses, Hardy Plants, kc., with det,criptions and cultural directions, and 500 Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

BASSINET TES AND AI AIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. lIMIROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINET TES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOi...

..,,, . ...4 COMFORT, CLEANLINESS AND CORE FOLLOW THE USE OF '.:.'43:AP Dr. PAUL'S WHITE PILE OINTMENT.. .:-e.. ~.•,;',', Gives ease at once and a-Factually remove* Elks, Cranks, Fissures and Uicerations. - '',,,, •, . la boxes V.& 4.1/13 each. Post (reel/12E211P pm'& en 89, BLAZKFRIARSIIOBO; LW. , LONDON, LEI __.....•

U

I

WARVER'S lElkom 31M, HAS 130 EQUAL FOR LIVER TROUBLES, G-ALAIL STONES, INDIGESTION. SYRESHAM, BRACKLEY, NORTH HANTS. —" For over ten years I suffered from ex- treme torpidity of the liver, and biliousness, causing indigestion and loss of appetite. Fai:ing to get permanent relief from the various medicines and treatments tried, I was persuaded to try Warner's Safe Cure. I took it for about five months, and as a result fully recovered my former good health, which I have enjoyed ever since. It is now five years since my recovery, and I have suf- fered no relapse of the unpleasant symptoms." —(Mrs.) MARY ANN HART. A Cl log yrn amt. • RUGBY, STRETTON • UNDER • FOSSE.— "Nothing suits me so well or does me so much good when suffering from nervousness, indigestion and general weakness, as Warner's Safe Cure."—(Rev.) C. G. SQUIRRELL. Price of Warner's Safe Cure, 2/9 & 4/6 per bottle, of Chemists & Dealers. _

INDISPEESABLE TO LADIES I Particularly those who desire a quick, safe and reliable and non-Injurious 'remedy for all obstructions and irregularities, a medi- cine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady heed despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: your invaluable rema&sr took immediate effect; In lean than 12 hours I was all right, altar 18 weeks of "suisery and hopelessness.' A PI;0P'.!017 certified guarantee is eneosed with testimonials and medicine. One package at 4/0 is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- lars and proofs. I will forfeit £2,000 if the testi- monials are not eenuine.esThousands of unsolicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by shdwy advertisements and other so-called remedies svhieh are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. Norics.—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have the largest sale in the entire world, being the eldest and emly harmless medicine of its kind f,r ladies, and ,eures more patients in one mouth than all other Female Remedies put together in twelve months. This can be proved by our Testimonials. If you require more particulars. I will send you rer zi.turn of vust, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid 13,0 k (34 pages) and Guide cloth covers, Co pages and 40 illustrations of Ladies App hances), and full particulars the wonderful effective remedies as advertised? `and sold in every town and village in Great Britain. Consultations Free every day 3to 7. Established ovez leo years. Do not delay, but write at once privately to MADAME FR AI N 9 tAtidlcal Institute, Hackney Road, London, U.

IVE YOU A BAD LEG 'INIT. wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when IQ Press your finger en the inflamed part it leaves the Im. sit ?If so, under the skin you have poison that defies hat ne remedies you have tried, which. if not extracted, you can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. IliZ'aps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; as;aMe with the ankles, round which the skin may be die- or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to leavjue will deprive you of the power to walk. IC!:m. may Zses4 ded various hospitals a,d had medical advice, an Putw °Ld your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- Deriur ; but do not. for I CAN cram YOU. I don t say cteksolil but I wax. Because others have failed is no e' hot now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order to C. W. ALBBRT, 73, FaRRINGDON-STIIEET GD17,1 you will receive a box of which44lB4Walt OPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS gnaws, .„.4 certain remedy for the cure of Bad Lege 'lon Ulcerated Joluts. Carbuncles, POlll3lO fall --mworts. (Registered Copyright.)

ood . maso I EXTRACT i OF HERBS I , FOR MAKING .„, , nuN-INTOXICATII BEER. ; . ' unitated but not eq, r Extract of FlPrbs ma • lIBD. DOTTIE ipp, i makes 11..19 The most palatable, thunt-quenclu, , tome drink produceable. For every Oen ri•Atn, nlimPlOYed in tinoes,Mills Manufaetones and Ames. memo 414. , lf Owed. Smolt gottle Free 9 Stamps, 2 for 15 Stamps. Of all chemists and stores. or of „L...„ .......INEWBALL st MASON NOTTINGHAM. ' .............7VMVVV.....4MVVV 0 la UNDREDS OF THOUSANDS ARK Buffering to-day by not taking timely Don't you add to the number, but TAKIC 'V •T0,#.44..t A .r,',. , . ,I, gr •1 'i. '''..•• N ••, ~ # I+ 4' $ I- 0 4:',_,• !,.*, . 4.444 '.',.......0.... I: 12„.., ',',-,i.• ' 2.,..: • 4',,'' , ',, '.'' -". CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS. DYSPnPSIA, . WIND, REITHING. SICK HEADACHE-3, .. 4 AND A La. LIVER AND ICIDN.i.Y TROUBLES. Pder at once. Price 1/lid per box. Of your Chemists, Is V p)11 Copan. 10, Fencburch Bui ldinge, ......_ London, E.O "itub.h 0 .13 *1 ri.14.. ore warranted to cure. 10 ettiter trtz, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the sa"nary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the Ca, k. Free from ,'"ereury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4n. 6d 11, or all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throo,h ?int tb world, or sent for slaty stamps by the malsere, The , ,t4lftlne and Midland Counties ,Drug Company, Lincoln.— '4lg

RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL ROES'S ARE CLEARED AS FoLLOWS:—

JOHN WALKER & CO., Ras an established reputation for givini carof u and prompt ttenron to the wants of all Custom and its facilities cur the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth" are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate Careless, inartistic, sad slovenly printing is th bane of business mai. They find it doesn't pay t ....lave it even the lowest tender."

~_ i. CYCLEs 1 CYCLES 'V•-',-.',. r,l For Ladies and .... -. Gentlemen, "ROYAL ' IV AorAt;,L. AJAX'riaeal.ealdfi.rtio•pievaeleune k„ . ; \ l'• ' , rett4'4!„,4s cheaper than elsewhere. ; ,„,,,e - r.„7"-- I .or.s' ~2..,r. -= immense b Lock . New end '• V '1) -:::*" '' 4/41 secondhand. Easy terms, Ifi tsB 11 'i 9 ' , From 105 Monthly. , OLD MACI-lINDS EXCHANGED. Imilestrated Lista Post Frea. Large Cycle Riding S 1 hool 'HE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO., 45 NVERTON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. eitY Branch ': 30, ELLIOTT•STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 Anfield. . , MEN WHO ARE WEAK. k 411 E who are weak, and tired of taking NAUSEOUS and Preparations to no GlOn PURPOSN ought 10 ;rite ha confidence when the Physician will send you ful )7tlculara FREE as to how all leases of NERVOUS wI4iiEILfTY. LOSS of VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED kr,„_AIiSUSSItE. can be SUCCESSFULLY and PERNA 'War CURED. . A Send Stamped Addressed Envelope to . . THE COLLINS EENIEDY CO., (3,07H1C HOUSE, 9,I3ESKINE STREET, LIVERPOOL. Please name this paper. LiNimilLutrAHLE DIBCOVERT FOR THE NAIR.—If your litllr 18 ItlizvEvipg,,,,_EreV Or white or falling off use the IdExtOss HOB '4,,1• w,„,.w, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey hair to Its original c”lour. It makes the hair VrlitVAnCIV beautiful, as we.l as proatotiog the growth. Per bottle.—Adrt. - '. • . Ain_

Bracing Refreshing invigorating! ADD A LITTLE Condy's Fluid 11.1L':22.1.LR The effect is magical. Beware of Substitutes. Insist on Buying " CoNDY'S FLUID."

POSTAL IFORMATION - • 11.)61: OFFICE, WARRINGTON. -- LIST OF WEER-DAY'DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-WillowS 2-15 a m.—Wigart 4-0 a.m.—Widnes. Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Heisby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm. Thelwall. Newehurch 5-45 a.m.— Bewsey, Giappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manehester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a in Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South' Wales. and Foreign, and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead. Southport, and the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. , 1140 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, 11 Scotland, Liverpool, Present, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormakirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Ea tern .vt idland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, Londou and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, xheater.Onlconushie. r andcesrte, lysmcootuitahn,d Yorkshire, Manchester st La 2-0 p. in. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wtgan Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, SuSten 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool. Southport. Birkenhead, Northwhich 2-45 Npa.nmt.lero w—ichadus m. ro dhaSan dFbacdhsham Bridge. Helaby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 pz 13.—TewoweenyDelivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate a 3-15 p.m.—Lymna. Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 P.m —Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterboroufzh, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-11. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the B.S.America 615 Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk, Isle of Man, ..nd Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —lO-45, extra p.mndon, an s South Eastern and South 'di d 11 delivered i a.e-tltbeHe roes:. arnpniedi ne sa. andy aFmorpree parcels a n town at 7 am , 12 noon, 3.45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m except on Thursdays when the 3.45 p.m, delivery is suspended.; EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... High-st., Newton Mr.Jarnes Jordan PoSTMASTER a Hours of {Week-days. 7.m. to 9p . .m Atte nce. 1 Sundays 7to 10 am. Box closes at 5.40 pan, The Telegraph Office is open on Week-daY from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, * 7-15 p.m., and 8- p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m • LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

------- joHN 1...)110RLE y, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT, EUTTERMARKET-STREKT AND SCOTLAND-ROAD. WARRINGTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON 00,, LTD„ and The " UNBREAKABLE " PULLEY and MILL GEARING CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Cart A rms, sprini,s and Axles, Tyre Hoops, all sizes, View, Bellows, Nails, Screws bolts and Chains sil descriptions. Spades and Shovels, Piles and Rasps, Ran- Water Pipes and Gutters, 011 s, Pallas. and Colours, Gal Corrugated sheets. Booting Pelt. Ac., Forgingsaid Castings. shafting and Pulleys.

ALWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. NEW SPRING WOOLLENS ?Rom THE 8114,1' MAKERS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES Asti) STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CliS LADIES' AND GENTLE2ARN'S MACINTOSHES. 351 Si' STREET, WARRINGTON,

SPECIAL LADIES' AND GENTS MACHINE, 14.8 1.55, TO 31.0 10S, NEW HOIVE GENTS' CYCLES £l2 lOs NEW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES t 1.2 1.55. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES Os EXCELSIOR LADIES' CYCLES £ll4 Os PREMIER oKNr.6' CYCLES £1.4 Os PREMIER LADIES' CYCLES £l4 0 NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES .t 1.6 10s NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES £l7 10s. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. G-ARLAND,] CYCLE PACTOn, 511 531 551 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

JAM KS TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEM-STREET, WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and Worn-out horses, cows, tc. ren,oved any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand. Highest Testimonials from the Les.ding Far men of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON ' APPLICATION. sCRAP IRON. METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bougric. High.st price, paid. SLAUGHTER YAi.D, LONGFojw. . • h3TABLISHIat 1870.

ANTIQUE FURNIIURE. G- AND j• WEAVER, are Exhibiting F SPECI M MENS OF R OLD DENUDER AT 83, BIZIDGII-STREET. See Wzndows.

rf. B IRTLES, PHOTOCHIAPIIRR. LEOR HOUSE STUDIO. ALL TRH LATBST SIIMRS IN PHOTOCIRAMIY. CAB LiNp,l` PORTRAITS A SVECIALITY. ALL CHILDREN'S POR'IHAITS ARE TAKEN INSTANTANtiOUSLY.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The Celebrated effectuat 'TOPING COUGH eure without internal medicines. HOOFING COUGH --....--- Ot all Chemists pric HOOFING COUGH 4s. per b o t le. ole wholesale Agents BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & tSON, 157 Que PR V idOria street, GROUP London. T,OCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION 111

**4t*****44l4l:4l6),t4lYPYl4l(C:Xt* * 410 w .1?..0 6%4 ,tre° ty itu 4 t. ' e ~,,f .0 .4 .RN , A. v, it , 414.. * Ar es L. • ~ , , ,A,. R 4 Y "?t, 401 e. We presume that you. take 4gt° ;',•ii,-, '614‘4" ''& : %,,ctl7 4C4 an Emulsion of cod-liver oil ,;',Vv--', . (3,4' b cause you are no in the best 64. Vb t .t.k. of health aatl. want to get swell *. .-; - .;-7:,..;,. 4 4rc Why not a]ways buy the best - AG ow a Emuls7,..al? There is only one standard, * 7 which is * ..,-,., ef,4- 4?,0 Scott's g 0 Emulsion, * ,z4V.,9 0. - Tr', ' r , Ateeit'n* '', 'va.VOY.ita•• "litilkwer-,',,,a '4 * Cr'lN4 6 The rest are all judged by the Scott * .114,2:4 standard. But they are not Scott's and never * 6v vi. qo' will be Scott's. The manipulation of Scott's Ak Q.,.4.0 Emulsion is tho most viondorful thing about 43 61 it. It is perfect. 4e. 4‘ A very simple test is enough. IVI TASTE SCOTT'S AND YOU WILL TAKE NO .4'2 wgiu ' OTHER. a•z.(4- se 4e. .vAr. SCOTT & BOIIINE, LTD., LONDON, LC. • ALL OILIEST& 2/8 AND 4/13. 1:,,, _A, * c"-W 4CAg-c3,4_64e0.1%&4,9,„.,4,40.2.%17444e..74P00%**.c ',4fz ClFlnv—i,i3esV-74%-weivinf,P--erwww 4 -ctir

FLUBILLN E {-F0 THE TEETH AND BENATH.—Tholoughl cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gutns, preve, ts tart‘r, stops decay, and gives to the tceth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 63. for the liquid, or Is. per Jar tor the Florilins "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.--

TOBACCONISTS Commencing.—See Uluitrnte.l tiittd 259 me') tree. Tobseeoulate Out fittlug Co..lB6,Buston-road Landon HalrdreasPre litted.—Mana,rer H 19.YERA. - CiVt.

DEAN'S FEMALE ATIXTUFLE Is positlveiy the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not, harm the moit delicate. It will cur.+ the most obocinate cas,s within 12 hours. Success gutrante.l every case however long standing. TuonslNnß OF GEN:WINE TESTIMONIAL 9. Zs. 9d. ; post free 3.1. extra. To be had only C. DRAB, MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113, Gray's Inn Road, London,Vi Ii

L *, '4 Symington's Edinburgh Coffee , Essences are noted for their rich and delicious flavour. Sold '. in small and large bottles by Grocers in every town. ,

aIrOWTHE SLOOD IS THE LIFE" r- • ORLD-FAMED [BLOOD 11111XTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. -- "We have seen hosts of letters from people who hove received great benefit from the use of Clarke'a Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have bronght to Nicht,an we eon with the utmost confidenca recommend it o our s eloribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from ell impireities' from ' whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skiu ' and 13loo" Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effect are mary Mons. It is the only real specific for Gout on Rheum ~e Paine. for it removes the cause from the blood an hone. Ihousands of Testim,-,Mals. In bottles 2s. 94. an lls. 1, of all Chemists. Sent 13 or 132 stamps by Pro pri tot 1. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG Cr MPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless imitations.

, • 1 tl4 011! dlt eIFA '4 '2 10 ' .h .(q liM CURES BRONCEEITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Throat Quinsy CiIIiPPED REEDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, 84c. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREA IIIBNT OF Stiff Jots, pwallsats, ratursas, Sonadts, mama EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. manufactured only at 73, New Cixfcrd Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

tOWLEsV E N Y ROA lEI I I ve, R. STEEL r- I, L,4 o FEN% A ' QUICKLY oOltitsor isacalhattmsonnrovs OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the distNesing symptoms So prevalent with theses., Boxes, 1/ 111 & 219 (montains three times the quantity). of all Cb.emists. Sant anywhere on receipt of 16 or 34 stamps, by B. T. TOWLia & 01ft %WI afacturkom Dryden Bt., Nottingham. Sneer.. 0.1 mime and ..

Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es. scne. Makes a cup in a moment.

These tulycl:aiqatsies relieve Kiduey al, Blaudir Lrouble prontptly. They are superior to Copatha. Cubebs or lujec:Aons, ,1.:,S ISi. ' Le andcLarelra forty-eight hours the sarde thseares -Nltl•out * .6.,0 inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name • Midy.• Sold by all Chernist. ~; or poi free 36, ...,. ~, •,-,,,„4„, ' frera VC" LCOX a CO., 83,tlflortirr;er ',IL Lordon,W. ~ .............................

Majority Previous elections have resulted as follows :- 1885. 1892. C. T. D. Acland (L) ...... 4,690 T. Owen (L) T. N. Lawrence (C) 2 587 Sir L. W. Moleaworth (L U) .•• ....... ......., 2,913,' Liberal majority Liberal majority 895. T. Owen (Li .3,633 F. Wills (L U) Liberal majority I WATERSPOUT IN SPAIN. • FORTY LIVES LOST. A terrible storm occurred at Villa Mediana en Tuee' day. A waterspout broke over the town, and destroyed seventy houses. The inhabitants were taken by set; prise. Forty were drowned by the sudden rush oa water. Many other 3 had to seek refuge on the roofs of houses. Help was sent from Burgos. in Palencia, and assistance rendered to the distressed townsfolk. 0,12 Wednesday the storm again visited the neiehbourhooa• A small valley was inunaated, and many villages Were destroyed. BOLTON PLITgBERS LOCKED OCT. The opesative plumbers in Bolton, to the number of 80, were locked out yesterday morning owing to a pec,dew liar dispute. The men at one shop refused to work the employes of a Liverpool firm of metalworkel whereupon the employers on Tuesday decided to lock ,_°ll,, the whole town, because the men had struck this BOY without giving the usual notice. No intimation wag received from the operatives on Wednesday night, and they were all locked out yesterday. BRUTAL MURDER OF AN IRISH GIRL. A murder of a particularly brutal character has Wen committed at Ballynoe, Rileare. A young girl named Fanny Harris, the daughter of a farmer,was found des on Wednesday, in a lane connecting two public roade. Her head had been battered in, and near at hand wag a large stone stained with blood. It is stated that the poor girl was outraged before beinganurdered. No arrestS have been made. ARMOURED CRUISERS FOR ITALY. The" Daily Chronicle" Rome correspondent Bs7g —The report is current that the Government intend tO propose the construction of six armoured cruisers. YESTERDAY'S CRICKET. The following are the scores, up to close of play,in tbe County cricket matches played yesterday : Essex v. Lancashire, Essex 179 for four. Surrey v. Yorkshire, Surrey 438 for six. Kent v. Notts, Notts 322 for six. Dixon (net out) 160' Gloucestershire v. Middlesex, Gloucester 317 for eight' Townsend (not out) 120. Somerset v. Sussex. Sussex (all out) 363. Leicestershire v. Hampshire, Leicestershire 195 for two. Marriott (not out) 103.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may 10 arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the emit fat work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETa AnIM.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the iø of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH, Maker to Dentists of 10,0CIC gallons weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DnansT BrUlizam.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, (NET. Tr:L.111o. 1680),1 LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Magg WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANsnreg RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, Raman-or. NORTHWICH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMARNET-01

FRIARS' GREEN, WARRINGTON (Opposite Arpiey Station). S. T. WARD AND CO.. 1 MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, 803" Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments,Tonal Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Ckranite, Marble, all Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS AATY ms 0°• arrington.—Printed and published by John WArx— 40001 The Examiner General Printing Works. Bowser' roac' and Published also at The Examiner Office, Victoria - WIDNES; High-street. RUNCOR 32, GeOrge.Strees, HELENS ; and Her 11 et-street, Haar.itervera.—AUd."- 5 DM.
