===== 0002601_18980415_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Blbe al.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
SUMMER TERM. CLASSES in the following subjects will commence on the Oates named,lclosing;at the end Of June. SOHOoL OF ART.

RUREDINTA.RY DRAWINCI, WEDNESDAY, 4th May (p.m. LIGHT AND SHADE, FRIDAY. 6th May, 6,45 and 7.30 p.m. MODRLLING. THURSDAY, sth May, f p.m. ISTOMING (Short Coarse), TUESDAY, 10th May, 2.30 p.m. WOODCARVING, FRIDAY, 15th Aprit, 330 p.m. and 7 P•m• THURSDAY, 14th April, 2.30 and 7 p.m.

DRHSSMAKING.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
SPANISH.

THURSDAY, 14th April, 7 p.m. For fees and other particulars see circulars, to be had at the Museum or School of Art. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
1 Ntvin buatf, 41,m

I

t.'

101.= .4 • A

I; Ilk, a!

===== 0002601_18980415_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ON PENNY

No. 992.

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., Professor of singing and Voice Production ; Italian met hod. Terms. &0., apply Mr. PELRSON'S Pianoforte Warehouse, Warrington. Schools attended.

r 03.

MnIC c

TO Ladies, your Best Friend is LADIES HEARTSEASE', TO

LANDS Harin-ress, yet the most Effectual remedy, and TO contains NO poison or Injurious drugs. IT ACTS LADIES LIKE BIAGIO In all Ladies' ailments, Periodical _ _ _ _

inip-ediments,Sickness,Tullness,btomaii Trona—es-. LADIES Testimonials are received Daily Testifying to its TO Wonderful Efficacy. 24.6 d. double, and stronger LADIES 49. 64. Post Free under, . -

- TO - LADIES

EXIBACTS FilOM TBSTIMONIALS. Pleaea send me a 10/fae of " 11EARBTEAsE "

TO Female Medicine; it has proved beyond my LADIES expectations. R. 10 Kindly forward a supply of your "HEARTBE,ABE" LADIES Female Mediclae. I have found it all that I TO wished. R. E. hf. LADIES /Drolly send me another botake of " HzenTe- TO Rasa," for which I eneLose Postai .Order. Thanks LADIES to •• HEARTSEASE" as it has caved me trouble. TO

C. G. LADIES Accept my thanks for " HEIETBE. LSE •" it has TO been an heart's ease to me. p. LADIES Since taking" HEAUTBEISE "all ta well tr. TO banks, wish every success. LADIES Your famous Female Medicine. " MEISITSEASE,' TO as again proved a blessing, as it I," alwa LADIES done previously, TO ddress : LADIES TO Lp Os LILLY, LADIES HERBAL REMEDY CO.,

73VIANIO HALr,--iii-ZOLSTON-STRIfEr, LADIES BRISTOL.

MRS. ROSE'S

F Alf 0/JS FEMALE MIXTURE.

Will positively remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUC- TIONS, Irregularities, etc., in afar/ doses. Guaranteed the Most powerful and strongest on earth. Failure is impossible It acts like magic in the most long-standing and intricate obstructions. Ladies will save time, trouble, and expense by coming to an experienced Specialist at first. Post:free ander cover, secusely packed, with full directions, and advice. FOUR SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE per Bottle with WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF CURB.

Thouaaids of festinc—o—nials-liic;Tcu-; following. Full name end address will be cillingly given ; " For FWJi MONTUS I have been trying pills. medicine tabules, and other sr isstares in vain, but one bottle of your pleasant remedy put use all right again."—Mrs, J. " Have tried nearly every advertised remedy for ever FOUR MONTHS, but Jour's cured me with one bottle Shall be pleased to answer any lady as to the truth of this.' —Mrs. M.

If you are in doubt as to which remedy to send far, write for my 100-paged book of Testimonials, showing you why the others cannot cure you. kW. ROSH, 2, ARTHUR TERRACE, LOWER•E DAD LONDON, ILL

===== 0002601_18980415_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FatIDIUY, _APRIL 15, 1898.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch. continues to premien this oelebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its justoelebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained far it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithers, who is the only person In possesslon of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the Sole Wholesale Agents, " W. Enwmtne & Sox, 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Governmen --amp. Sold in boxes at 26. Dd. each, by Alta Chemists.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNITURE

SPECIALITY

VALNERA HERB TEA (Registered.) 10, ST. GEORQE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. To be had from KNOWLES. Chemist (late Hales), 77, Bridge-street, Warrington. THE NEVER-PAILINO REIKEDT FOE INFLUENZA.. INDIONSTION,

LIVER COMPLAINTS, JAUNDICH, ULCERATED LEGS. SKIN ERUPTIONS,

BAD BLOOD.

BRIGHT'S DISEASE AND IS AN ABSOLUTELY UNFAILING.

U B FOR PILES.

BOST{ IS. 75d per Quarter, 6s. 6d. per annum. BT IS. kl. per Quarter credit.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
IqUSIC.

BUY YOUR PIANOS at WADSWORTH'S ORGANS at WADSWORTH'S MUSIC at WADSWORTH'S VIOLINS at WADSWORTH'S MANDOLINBS at WADSWORTH'S GUITARS at WADSWORTH'S BANJOS at WADSWORTH'S AUTO-HARPS at WADSWORTH'S MELODIONS at WADSWORTH'S MOUTH ORGANS at WADsWORTH'S STRINGS and FITTINGS a WAD.) WORTH'S. CASH OR HIRE SYSTEM BEST TERMS. You know the address : OPPOSITE TILE PARK, WARRINGTON.

FOP FIRST-CLASS PRIVATS

DENTISTRY.

rrEETH. Appointments unnecessary kut can be 1 I. arranged. , TEETH AU consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient Informed beforehand the cost for work required. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. -I- TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. rainless Extraction as hitherto by the aid ot TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 16.000 gallons Weekly. 'hors, of the late J. H. PARKINSON

(Dalrma ay EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET

(NAT. Tai.. No. 3.680). LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET

EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS at Mrs. MENX •

• WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS 3, SANICEY-ST.

RUNCORN, ou THURSDAYS, BIIIBGE-ST.

NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLNKARKET-82

WARRINGTON. W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Twentieth Seleon. General Agent— Mr. W. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON near Warrington.

EXHIBITION GRASS SEEDS, Is. per lb. -- EVERGREEN. BOW NOW. -- ROBERT P. KER AND SONS, 11, RASNETT-STREBT, LIVIMPOOL.

SOW NOW. DWARF.

BRE WARD AND BAILEY, CHINA MERCHANTS. SHOP AND RESIDENCE: 455 HORSEMARK ET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

EASTER HOLIDAYS. CROSBY & WALKER LIMITED, MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS. GREATEST SHOW

ON EARTH.

GREAT EASTER ATTRACTION. BARNUM AND BAILUY'S SHOW.

NOTICE. FOR THE NEXP 3 WEEKS. NOTICE. CROSBY & WALKER LTD. have organised a Series of SHOW DLYS. and invite the inspection of the THOUSANDS OF VISITORS We will flock to cee Barnum and Bailey's W ONDERFUL SHOW.

CROSBY & WALKER LIMITED intend these

SHOW DAYS to be AN ATTRA.CTIVII SUPPLIMENT TO THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. SW DAT FOR DRES6 GooDS, SATURDAY, APRIL 9. Finest Assortseent, of Coloured Dress Fabrics In Town. Beautiful Materials in Bew.st Colourings. DRESS FABRICS.

Ali-wool Double Width CORDUROYS, all eisiours, Is 61d to 2s Ilid All-wool Double Width BENGALINE, all colours, ls 6}d to2B 11}d New Mixture COATINGg. for coats aid skirts . is to 3s Ilfd Silk and Wool MIXTURES. new colourings Is I.lfd to 3s 110 Black Striped CHB ONS. new stripes ls to 3. lid Black Broehe CREPONS, very rich Is Ilid to be 1141 Black Figured ALPACAS, best designs 13Id to 3s 6d Blank Figured SATIN CLOTH, very durable Is to 3s Sel

SHOW DAY FOR SILKS, VELVETS. APRIL 121 N. A Costly and Blaborate Show of Blouse Silks, Dress Silks and Trimming Silks, will be eltubited on the above date. Thousands of Bich and Choice Silks. sILKS, SILK. New Cheek Blouse BIM, c010uring5.................. 11/4 Coloured bating in every min alvable Shade ls • Fancy Striped Blouse Silks, 22 colourings ls 41 Dream Silks, for Dress Trimmings. Blouses &C. 18 11, Black Merveilleux Silks for Blouses. ko, Black Emehe Silk, grand make and design Guaranteed Black Dress Silk, very rich ............ 2s ni Grand Range of Black Broche Silks. 2s Hid to 7s hla SHOW DAY .110 E COSIUIE & MANTLES, APRIL 16th. In our Costume Show Rosin will be found a grand show of Spring Costumes. The Famous " C and W" Costume will be prominent in every fashionab:e colour; also Hundreds of other Costumes from his, Ild. to 3i guineas. Capes and Jackets in cloth, Sill, and Velvet. COSTUMES. COSTUMES. Our Noted" C. and W." COAT AND &KIST 12s lid The "C. and W." Costume!, made in black and all colours and is the smartest shape an 4 best valueofferesT for this season. Cost and Shirt Costumes, in plain and fancy cloths, braided andmi:Ntwrzoldss., frocAmpl4lll et .0 ai guineas.

yard

-yard

-cl yard rt yard 4 yard d yard 'd yard

yard

We have received a large consignment a Rich Cape". Mantles, Ac.. in beautiful design and richly trimmed German, French, 3Fi 2723° ft ntc i rlralleigedn'il makers. braid 58 lid and 6s lid c,,,pes, trimmed jet and iaae Si lid, 8s lid, 15s 11d. aßlleo.k rtmha. ple Applique Capes in the richest Cloth Cape,, Crlvaeeemstr, Designs in cloth and silk ............... trona 218 to 8 guineas S " DA Y IP R MILIANERY, &C. APRIL ISTK. Parisian Millinery in every conceivable Shade and Shape, Trimmed Pattern Hats and bonnets in elaborate designs, Mourning Millinery is a speciality with us, and orders are executed on the shortest possible notics. Ladles Sailor Hat, The Cardigan," ls 9,111 each. Trimmed Millinery from 'ls Ild. to 451. 6d. sHO 17 DSLACECURTAINS, LACID CURTAINS. LAC CURTAINS LACE CURTAINS. SPRING CLRANING. NOTICR.—In view of Spring Cleaning, we have now completed our New Range of Dssigns, and we have the finest stock of Swiss. Guioure, Madras, Scotch, n d Nottingham Curtains In the town. Thousands of pairs to elect from.

LACII CURTAINS. Lace Curtains, white and crearn,3 vds 10ng...1s Did to 3s 11d. Lace Curtains,white and crearn,3iyds 10ng...2s lid to 108 lid. Lace Curtains, white and ereacto,4 yds 10ng...5s lid to 21s Od.. Our Curtains range trout. Is eid to Els.

_ ART MITRINS, MADRAS MUSLINS, DIMITY, AND ORETONNRS.

Wtlaeekaejui;eB f Us tTooTkE R ori et hICe pPAGr7,IIIIISpIiAITNiG,sr,CNos. LpTdltThßeciD.b—y Conopany, as their Agente.

Whilst In Town eith, r before or after your visit to the GREAT SHOW. GREAT snow. Call at our Establishment and bey whatever you require and then VISIT our PIM TEA ROOM. Where ' REFRESHMENTS ASK PUOVID.iIIi FREE OP (MAIMS to Purchasers.

FUNERALS FURNISHED CONIPLETRLY.

CROSBY & WALKER LIMIT BE, 84, eB. 4-ND 88, OLDHAM-SIELTIT. MANCELISTIM

;;•7•Rc% ;•1 SA I'

===== 0002601_18980415_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BOBOUGEI OF

I

I

===== 0002601_18980415_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
......mimMINIiIIIMMEMiime

===== 0002601_18980415_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGA LL'S PATENT SELF-RAISING }IOU R. ONCE TRIED. ALWAYS USED.

" AT.

The Easter volunteer mancevres which have been conducted round London during the holidays have be n carried on by three brigades at places as far apart as Woking, C.llchester, ancl Canterbury. They have been more or leas interfered with by the weather, but a good deal .of valuable work has nevertheless been doce. The general idea for the day's operations at all'the three Places was that three forces were moving from different points to- wards the metropolis,and the practice varied accord- ing to the character of the country and the other conditions of wind and weather. The brigade operat- ing at Woking had the honour of being inspected by the Duke of Connaught and General Trotter. Lord Jalmouth, who commanded atColchester, has expressed the greatest satisfaction with the intelli- gent manner in which the work was carried out, and in Kent, in the Canterbary quarter, Lord Bel- haven seems to have been equally well pleased. Both at Chatham and Sheerness the artillery and engineers had some good practice, the latter being drilled in boarding cutters, pinnaces, rafts, and horse-boats, and in crossing the river.

The decline in the number of members of the to- tal abstinence section of the Church of England Temperance Society has caused the Executive Com- mittee great anxiety,as the fall is very substantial. During the last year abaut 10,000 have disappeared from the roil; and.taking the decrease over a period of six or seven years, it amounts to upwards of 2300. '1 he Executive Committee, which met in the middle of last week,appointed a sub-committee to inquire into the cause of this phenomenon. It can scarcely be attributed to laxity in the registra- tion ef members, or to defective returns, for it may be assumed the., if these causes are operative they were equally operative six years ago. But, what- ever the cause, it is well to know the facts, and an inquiry is the first step to a remedy.

A correspondent who has just visited the co- operative colony at Clousden Hill, near Newcastle- on-Tyne, informs me that the number of resident workers has been reduced to seven, exclusive of two wougen and four children. This is•to be accounted for, not by any falling off in the supply of would-be colonists. but by a change of policy in the management of the settlement. There is no longer an open door for anyone prepared to sub- scribe to the "statement of principles.' It is per- haps too much to say that the principles of "free communion" upon which the colony was founded have been abandoned, but those members with whom my correspondent conferred did not hesitate to admit that the ideals of the promoters had been considerably modified by experience—in fact, at no distant date it is probable the farm will be run on a frankly commercial basis of co-operative produc- tion. Meanwhile the work is hard,but the workers are confident, not as to the ultimate triumph of free communist association, but as to the material success of their enterprise.

When Sir William Harcourt poked fan in the House of Commons at the math etic pretensions of the new police buildings erected by a distinguished architect in the neighbourhood of the Houses of Parliament, he was probably expressing the senti- ments of ninety-nine men in a hundred. The House of Commons itself certainly agreed with him. It is a significant circumstance, moreover, that the Liberal leader's opinion in matters of taste is evid- ently felt to be oi more weight than that of Lord Salisbury. for when the Prime Minister, a year or two ago, took occasion to indulge in a little light banter at the expense of this identical edifice, not a word of protest WdB raised. Now, on the other hand, Sir William Harcourt finds himself for his criticism formally excommunicated from the circle of the elect, and is sharply told to confine his attention in future to things he understands. Sir William will at least bays the sympathy of those honest Philis- tines who are Just as much puzzled by ths flatter- ing epithets lately showered on Mr. Shaw's build- ing as they are by the fiery condemnation in Rue- kin's pages of Barry's rococo masterpiece—the neighbouring Houses of Parliament.

A really serious piece of Vandalism has been sug- gested in the form of a scheme for widening Water- loo Bridge. The proposal is to add to the width by equipping the viaduct on each side with a new foot- path, supported by buttresses to spring from the existing piers. In this way the whole width of the structure as it now is would be converted into a roadway for vehicular traffic, and at the same time the appearance of one of the most perfectly pro- portioned bridges in Europe would be hopelessly ruined. The scheme, however, is not likely to be adopted. It is a curious fact that until recent years the construction of bridges in London, with the ex- ception of those in the city, was a matter of private enterprise. Most of the great bridges across the Thames were not acquired by the public authorities and freed from toll till 1879. Waterloo, which was erected between 1814 and 1817, cost a million ster- ling to build, while Vauxhall—the first iron viaduct by which the river was ever bridged—cost at about the same period a little over a quarter of that sum. This old iron structure, which has neither beauty net convenience to commend it, is now about to be demolished, and in course of time its place will be taken by a successor In the style of the bridge at Westminster.

Mr. John Bi rns has found a fitting theme for his rolling periods, when the House meets, in the griev- ance of the poor theatrical "supers," who are being ousted from employment by the use ef soldiers at some of the theatres. This will lead to some eharp questioning of Mr. Brodrick, and some pungent criicism when the Army Estimates are again in Supply. The grievance opens up the whole point which has been so frequently urged by Mr. Burns and several other membsrs—unfortunately not Labour ones—in the case of ths employment of retired soldiers enjoying pensions, in the work of the Post-office and other State, and even in private, establishments. The case of the "supers" is even worse than the case of the pensioners, for the so!- Wen are in active State employment and on full State pay, such as it is, and their engagement as theatrical supers is not a legitimate competition with civil labour. As regards pensioners or reserv- ists, the difficulties of the State must be acknow- ledged, as the men are once more thrown back upon civil life with an inadequate means of support, but no such argument applies to soldiers serving with the colours.

Decisive measures have at length been taken by the Wesleyan authorities in London in regard to the valuable property in Bishopsgate-street, concerning which so many rumours have been afloat of late. These have arisen largely as the result of the secrecy which has been observed whilst the future of the Centenary hall and Mission-house was under con- sideration. There is truth in the statement that an enormous sum Was offered for what is probably one of the finest sites in the City of London. The authorities have, however,flnally come to a decision to retain it for Methodism in perpetuity. The huge unsightly pile which fronta the point at which Threanueedle-atreet enters Bishopgate-street is, however, to be entirely taken down, and an isipos. lag structure suited to the modern requirements of Methodism is to sake its place. The outlay will be costly, reaching at least £70.000 ; but City experts encourage the hope that, apart from all other ad- vantages, it will financially be a great success. It is not intended that this important reconstruction scheme shall interfere with Mr. Perks's Wesleyan Methodist Church-house, for the erection of which a quarter of a million is proposed to be taken from the million-guinea scheme. Architects have been instructed to draft the necessary plans, after which the project will be pushed forward with the eas possible delay.

The executive of the co-operative movement have been taking the opinion of the various branch or- ganisations as to whether they are desirous of separate representation in Parliament, and whether they are willing to contribute t a Parliamentary maintenance fund. It is already known, though the actual result has not been given t) the public, that the answer will be in the affirmative. The frundly attitude of the Trades Congress Parliamen- tary Commiaee towards the proposal has been cured .

===== 0002601_18980415_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

SHE (passionately): " Will you ever love another, dearest?" He (wearily) : No, never, if I get out of this affair."

"How did you feel when Charles was propos- ing?" "I felt sure rd say 'Yes,' if ever he gob through. "You passed me in the street on your bicycle the other day without looking at me." "My dear boy, if I'd looked at you I couldn't have passed you.,, MARIA: "What does this mean about them socimy people dressin' fer dinner?" Josh: "Well, sI guess they get up late an' has their breakfast in

Miss Arimuz: "Are you quick to take a hint?" Noun Harum-Scarum : "Yes, very." "What hwould you do if I should turn down the gas?" ;1" Call for help." I wisit I was a girl," said Bobbie. "Why do you I'wish that ?" asked his father. "Oh, then I wouldn't lave to bother about thinking what I'll be when Wm a man."

YOUNG HUSBAND: "Didn't I telegraph you not to bring your mother with you?" Young wife: "That's what she wants to see you about. She read the message." A PHILOSOPHER says that nothing seems to please a 'Ay so much as to be mistaken for something to eat, and if it can be baked in a cake and palmed off on the unwary as a currant, it dies happy. SMITH: "Do you think two can live as cheaply 1103 One?" Brown: Well, before I Was married I thought that possibly they could." Smith: "And afterwards?" Brown: "Oh, I didn't do any thinking afterwards—l found they had to." AN Exanau GAME.—Mam:na : "Oh, Billy! Don't you know it is cowardly to strike your little brother?" Billy (indignantly): "I'm not acting like a coward. I'm pretending I'm his papa, and I'm punishing him." THE BEST oF IT.—MICIO Bob: Tommy ! What ps*t of your trip abroad did you enjoy the most?" Tommy "Oh, on the steamer, when papa and mamma and nurse were sick, and the captain let me help him run the ship. I tell you what, I had a splendid time that day."

MR. SIMMS (who has ordered plans for a new cottage). " Ah—what is that room adjoining the vestibule ? " Architect: "That's for your bicycles." Mr. Sububs : "And that room adjoin- ing the kitchen?" "Architect: "That's for the cook's bicycle." Miss V—: "Well, everything comes to him who waits. Most of us have to wait too long. Are you one of the waiters, too, Count?" Count klpagetti di Maccaroni (with a very red face and much unnecessary excitement): "1 nefer vas! I nefer vas! Who said so?"

A REIMICE.—" Willy I met our new minister on my way to Sunday-school, mamma, and he asked me if I ever played marbles on Sunday." Mother: "H'm—and what did you say to that?" Willy: "I said, Get thee behind me, Satan,' and walked right off and left him." NOT A LAmc.—Magistrite "The gamekeeper declines that, he saw you taking this pheasant. What have you to say to that?' Prisoner; "I only took it fora lark." Magistrate: "Six months for making such an error. Consult your natural history in future." HTJNGBY SWIOGERS : "How could yer tell whether a man was livin' ter eat or eatin' ter live?" Philosophic Phil: "By ther character nv his grub. Ef yer see him eatin' cold dry bread yer kin be mighty darn sure he's only eatin' ter live."

Goon ENOUGH.—Testy Old Gent: "Huh Do .you think you can support my daughter in the style to which she has been accustomed?" Young Suitor: "Well, no; but I can support her in the style to which her mother was accustoned for a good many years after she married you." Old 'Gent (subdued): "Take her, my son, and be happy." A FARMER was noted among his friends for grumbling ways. One year the crops were very good, and some curiosity was felt to see how he would meet the case. 'I am afraid," said he, "that such a great crop will be a powerful strain on the land."

JOHNNY came in with one eye in mourning, a handful of hair gone, his face smeared with dirt hand tears, and his clothes soiled and torn beyond description. "You've been in another football I.game, my son," said Mr. Tucker. "No, I haven't, paw," indignantly answered Johnny. "I've been a-fightion' 1" DuaiNG the time Swift held the living of Laracor, he was out riding one day, when he met one of his parishioners, a farmer, capitally mounted. "That's a first-class animal you ye got there." "Mr. Dean," replied the farmer, "he is very well, but he is not equal to yours." "To mine!" returned Swift. "Why, he's a mere pad." "Aye," replied the other, "but he carried the best head of any horse in Ireland."

Suna is Penn.—The modern history class was in session. "Willie," asked the teacher, "who was Gladstone?" "Excuse me, Miss Bulger," said Willie, "but oughtn't that to be who is Gladstone!" "Possibly," replied the teacher, somewhat abashed. "But—who is Gladstone?" "He's the man"— began Willie. "Yes," said Miss Bulger, encouragingly. "He's the man after whom the Gladstone bag was named," said Willie. ONE of the stories of the late Sir Benjamin Ward Richardson's was of a visit to one of the few small towns in England which have no 'public-houses. Although there were four thousand people there, the doctor was nearly starving. One day a young medical man came to Sir Benjamin for advice as to taking the practice, and Sir Benjamin placing his hands on the young doctor's shoulder, said: "Take my advice, and don't. Those wretched teetotallers heal so fast that there is no profit in them." HE WaNxnn To KNOW. Little Clarence: "Pa." Mr. Callipers: "There, my son; stop right where you are. Ido not know who Caine wife was, nor why Monday does not come on Friday, nor why some people can wiggle their ears and others cannot, nor anything of the kind." Litt:e Clarence : " Oh, pshaw, pa I I wasn't going to ask any such foolish questions. I just wanted to know why people at the end of a story always write f-i-n-i-s without the final h?"

A CERTAIN CusE.—A farmer who had recently lost some cows by the catt!e plague was fully per- suaded that he himself had been attacked by the epidemic. He consulted an eminent physician, who tried to laugh him out of the notion. The farmer, not being satisfied, went to another physician, who examined him carefully, and told him he could cure him. He wrote a prescription, sealed it up, and told the farmer to go to a certain druggist in the town. The farmer lost no time in going with it, but was somewhat startled when the druggist showed it him. He had good cause; it ran thus: " This man has the cattle plague. Take him into the back yard and shoot him, according to the Act of Parliament."

TUB aHRISTbf AS GUST.—" Maria, my dear, I forgot to tell you l'm going to bring home a member of the club on Christmas Eve," said Mr. Spenlow. "Club !" exclaimed the horrified Mr. S. "What club? Pray how long have you be- longed to this precious club of yours unknown to me?" "About four months, my love," said Spenlow, mildly: "I think you'll like the young fellow. He's very quiet, but only wants drawing a bit." "I hate your quiet fellows," exclaimed Mrs. S., spitefully. "At Christmas time I like somebody who's jolly." "Well he may rise to the occasion, you know, but I hope he won't." "That's just like you, Spenlow. So selfish! You two will stick yourselves over the fire, and it will be jaw, jaw, jaw all day long." "I won't say but what you maybe right," said Spenlow, evasively. "How- ever, he s coming; and as he's under an osbpleingiaotwionv', —" Obligation !What obligation, mr. "Well, my dear, I hardly like to tell you. The fact is, there's a little matter of a bill "—"Oh, wailed his good lady. "This comes of keeping secrets from your wife. I'm sure this friend of yours is no good" " Ahem I He's rather a downy -customer, I must admit." "And how much does he owe you, for gracious sake? "I hope to get .at least foureen pounds after he dressed." "Do yeti mean to say Penl"w, that he's going to sleep re, him?„ when e w haven'tgot a room in which we can :sheteffThe kitchen will do very well," said Speolow, calmly. "The kitchen I" exclaimed Mrs. S.. gasping. "Certainly, my love. Where else woad you stuff a GOOSE, a,n d ehe lveryfinestwhich ever came out of a club?' sn ow chuckled.

EVERY WOMAN ;Should send two stamps for our NEW BOOK coniarati valuable information to Ladles' how all Irregularities may be .ntirely Avoided or Roved by Simple Means Venom mended by ernimmt Physicians-as the only Safe, Sure, and genuine Remedy. '' Never Fails, Trot-can& of Testi- monials. -Mr. W. IE BLANCHARD, Po rest-road, Ealston London.

Clan mon t HOUE e

===== 0002601_18980415_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE PILLS.

UTIFUL TEETH didly on the tooth ,sh a few drops of JOZODONT, pleasantest dentifrice In the 'world.

_ Cleanses the teeth and spaces Core - "'" 'ale, between them as nothing else Sallow IplPzion, and win., sovuld and pearly white Sit•li He. _d.ch..*: promptly : teAt.h, rosy lips, and fragrant and care them so as to sty breath enaureA =trod. Chetrist9, 1% 114. Nk tx soWDONT. 2s. ed.

feaa;;-lip.

LIVER 14=CTI`' e InTint Forty in a pric1)111. fr all who LARTER .. BEAUTIr o hru ER 7^5.1T201 alab7-e.el':e. th SI COW' -

===== 0002601_18980415_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1•11•••

===== 0002601_18980415_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
>•••••••••••••••••••44.4)cn THE WRITER f ;

OF TMS LETTER- 4 Is Mr. L. Casalton, iS, King George Street, Greenwich, London, S.E. He says:

4 a .Eaqahrtayvretre: vfoerryyears form of headach,. which attacked ire nehrly, every day, sometimes quite prosanting / me. I was advised to give up 45#0004,0" I • ,f? i 0 drinking tea entirely, and take * . Cocoa as a beverage. T decided 0 to try Dr. Tilibles' VI-Cocoa, 0 which I commenced taking some . * two months age, and I am glad .0 to say that since then I have been <4 quite free from my aread enemy. 0 headache. I feel coal:Went that 0 this result was brought by Dr. * Tibbles' Vi.Coco<, for I had tried • * numerous rema.ligi without any • 0 success. I find nothing pLiks me 0 up's:, quickly its a coo of Dr. Tibbles' VI-Cocos after I have had a stiff day's work ins ,hool. - I shall be glad to to,itly . personally te anyone min it a real boon your exceneat food bover:lN luta 'grove I le me." ,

, •

4?) _3 mmle up in f,.1. pr,ok.,:ls, f.....i! ',NJ, tins. It can hs r. !), ;1'11,3 tro/..-, hi I - grocers,io c f 4 a . 'Ll.:1".,") ~':;0:',..`1.',.."` ~;"..':: li-,',.,„Li ~"-L'.1::•:-. ...- Lmdon, B.C. , The union.) vitaltsinit and .restorat,'s-.4 : 0 power+ of Dr. Tibble,+' VI, I.lcoa :11,e twin.; I. recognised to an ex%ent itil:lerto unknown X in the history of anr prep,,rstiou. Illerit. X and merit alone, is wh t. is dainied for Dr. X Tibble.' VI-0. co ), and the proprietors are ; prepared to send to any reader who names 4 this paper (a postcard wi 1 do) a dainty , 1 Isample tin of Dr. Tibbles! VA-Cocoa free and post paid. 0 , ••00-e-t40.40.4044.41.4:440.4).4,041.

PRINCE RANIITSINIM AND AITSTRA- LIII.N CRICKET CROWDS.

.) 0 ,) 0 ....I. S.> ei -4. <v. 47/ * .2.4 .G,P * ~ ‘'l' 0 ''.. "''''°''.7m,,,7 * ep-,:f" ~ . of'" • , ... A 2- ---i ',..7- " , .• z dr;,- . ' 4 ' L 6 ' ' ' '')-:;9\A b (4041 ' Ilyv e1.,,,4 Am' 441 ~: <„1. 'Z; WC..".:vt.r.e,,,,;.Yr i.,

===== 0002601_18980415_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
REMARKABLE STATEMENTS.

The" Melbourne Argus "publishes the following con- densed report of an interview which Prince Ranjiteinhji had with the representative of a Sydney newspaper after the last test match of the tour :—Ranjitsinhji has con- firmed the report of an interview with him published in the "Evening News." In it he speaks of the treatment to which the members of the team have been subjected. He bears out Stoddart's statements that the behaviour of the spectators has been most trying,and of such a na- ture that even a passive man like Stoddart was at last compelled to speak. In every place where the team went they had been insulted. He did not say it had been done maliciously, but rather for the sake of making a sensation. That was the most charitable construction to put upon it. But while, of course, a little chaff and ' banter was expected, it became a bit monotonoidlto be' hissed and hooted on every ground. When aided if members of the team felt so deeply this treatment that some of them had decided not to again visit Australia Ranjitsinhji said that some of the members certainly had an opinion of that kind,and among the professionals who had to make their living out of the game, the feeling was very strong. It was difficult to get an idea outside of what those on the field had to stand. In the match just played MacLaren and Bruce, when on the outfield, were pelted with insults, and finally Druo3 told Stoddart that the way in which the crowd talked at him the whole time made it unbearable to be in the outfield. It was no consolation to them that Australians were treated in the same way. What he felt was that it wane pity such a grand game should be spoilt by such conduct. It was a great consolation, however, to them to know that, despite the way in which their feelinge had been wounded by a section of the spectators, the utmost goodwill existed between the Australian players and themselves. The behaviour of the crowd at Sydney was at its worst on the last two days of the match. They , were especially bad after the leg-before appeal against , Darling. Storer then wont to him and said. " How I can I keep wickets with this mob howling." Hayward also moire of it, and there was not a member of the team who was not discomposed. To show what the visiting cricketers have bad to put up with, the Prince said that the public were constantly inventing and circulating all sorts of atrocious statements of dissension and disunion among members of the team. "At Adelaide," he con- tinued, " someone, not a gentleman, stated that I was putting on airs with the amateurs of our team, and that dissension was the result. He implied also that Mac- Laren and myself had had a fight, and that the team was in a general muddle. The whole of this was actually cabled to England, but fortunately it was stopped in time by a subsequent cablegram contradict- ing everything. Such a statement would have done our side moral harm there, and would have done me per- sonal harm as well. Then there was a rumour of a difference between MaeLaren and Stoddart. That was not enough, but MacLaren and Hirst must have a quarrel—a thing unheard of. Even this was not suffi- cient, but Druca and I must have a fight. When they grew sick ef saying we were prize-ightere. they started rumours to theeffect that we were taking an extra glass or two and not keeping ourselves in form. Of course such reports are absolutely untrue and unkind. There was no foundation for them whatever. Then the status of our amateur players has been called into question. Stoddart and I were receiving 13,000 each, and others large BUM as well. Why, if that were so,the promoters of the tour would find themselves thousands of pounds out of packet instead of having a balance. Would you believe it," the Prince went on, " that every member of our team who has happened to fail has received by next morning's post twenty or thirty telegrams and letters congratulating them on their poor scores. This has been the experience of every man in the team. Then we have also received other letters of congratulation of a different kind when we have been successful. But for all these insults, the charm of the tour is that we have seen Australian cricket, and you will probably see my Impressions of the tour in a future edition of my book." In conclusion, Ranjitsinhji said he had not once denied the superiority of the Australians. "In the first test match they were at their worst, while the English team was at its best. At the end of each of the other matches he had distinctly said that the Australians' showed better form, and he now repeated what ha bad then said and what he had published in the Review of Reviews ' about the better form displayed by the Australians."

===== 0002601_18980415_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PIITtIFIEDIPETROLM7M FOR _STOMACH

AND BOWEL DISORDERS.

In chronic dyspepaia, chronic diarrhcea, and in other disordeTti of the stomach and bowels of a catarrhal, fer- mentative, or ulcerative nature, Angler's Petroleum Emulsion is wonderfully effective in affording relief and cure. i It is a decided antiseptic, and prevents fermenta- tion n the intestines while at the same time it has a marked soothing and healing effect upon the mucous membranes of the stomach and bowels. Many obstinate long standing cages of chronic diarrhea have been cured by its use, often after other remedies have been tried without effect It is wonderfully effective in re- lieving troublesome bowel disorders of children, while at the same time it acts as a food and toniC,raisidly increas- jog weight, strength, and veneral health. It is pleasant to take and agrees with the most sensitive stomach. Prescribed by the medical profession, and sold by all leading chemists, 2s. 93. and 4s. 63. Beware of imita- tion, made with ordinary petroleum. The oil used in Angier's Emulsion is obtained from particular wells, and is specially purified for internal use. A sample bottle seat free on receipt of 3d. to cover postage. The An- gier Chemical Co., Ltd., 32, Snow Hill, London, E.C.

Alexander Thompon, a labourer, formerly employed at the Elswick Works, who has b3,-n lying in Newcastle gaol awaiting his trial for the murder of a young woman Dined Annie Irving under circumstances of terrible brutality, strangled himself in gaol early on Saturday morning. A Newcastle correspondent states that the police had obtained evidence which, they believed, would connect the prisoner with the murder of a couple of women on The Town Moor at Newcastle four years aen.

CURES for AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST, PHLEGM. AND OLD STANDING ASTHMA AND NEGLECTED OGLDS BY DR. Lococit's Putmowto WAFERS.—From Mr, Robinson, Chemist, Hull. •. Your Pulmonio Wafers are really excel- lent in all affections of the chest. In old stan4ing cases of asthma, and neglected colds. They seem to act like a chasm, speedily relieving the chest of the congealed phlegm, and giving the patient sweet, refreshing sleep, without fear of suffocation. In Coughs. Colds, Rheumatism, they give Instant relief, a rapid cure, and taste pleasantly. Sold at lt. lid. per box by all druggists. (4). CLARKE'S B 41 FILLS are warranted to cure. in either x, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the bark. Free from Mercury. Ystablished upwards of 3) years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, Tne Lincoln and Midland: Counties ,Drug Company. Lincoln.— Advt VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colonr. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wea as promoting the growth. erice 3s. 6d, per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER HILDA Y APRIL 15, 1898

(Copyright.)

Neither spoke again for a few minutes. Dennis produced his cigarettes and selected one in a meditative manner. Then he brought out his match-box, which liappened, however, to be empty. Grace, whose eyes had followed all his movements, instantly rose. , „ "I will get you some matches, Dennis," she aid. "Oh, don't trouble, thanks. I can get 'them myself," he answered. • But she had already opened a cabinet drawer, and bringing out a box, handed it to him. "Thank you," he said, taking it. "Yon should have let me get them myself, though." "I like doing little things for you," she quietly observed. -

He made no reply, but turned slightly away, as if her thoughtfulness irritated him from some in- comprehensible cause. Again both lapsed into silence. Grace returned to her place on the sofa, and her husband remained near the window, smoking his cigarette in a pre- occupied manner. After a while he turned round and said, speaking as a man who faces an un- pleasant duty: - _

"Grace, lain sorry lam forced to reopen that conversation about Miss Treherne's prosecution. Her trial comes on the day after to-morrow, so you will see that I have put off mentioning the matter as long as I possibly )could." "But, Dennis, I thought it was all settled!" she gasped, turning white, "and that the prosecution was at an end."

"At an end l" he repeated with surprise. "Who told you that ? " "I—l—heard it," was the hesitatingly spoken reply. "Unfortunately there is no truth in the state- ment. Miss Treherne was committed for trial at the second hearing before the magistrates, a true bill "%vas returned against her by the Grand Jury, and—as I said just now—her trial takes place the day after to-morrow. Judging from the evidence which the prosecution is bringing forward, I'm afraid that there is little or no chance of her being acquitted. She has no witnesses." "But I thought it was all settled," repeated Grace, as if at a loss what else to say. "I only wish that you were right, and that my responsibilities in the matter were over. If she is convicted, she will be sentenced to imprison- ment—perhaps for a long period. Do you not fully understand the cruelty of allowing an innocent person to be sent to prhion ? " Grace shuddered as her husband uttered the word "prison," which he noticed. Rising, he threw away the end of his cigarette and took a chair nearer her.

"All circumstances considered," he began, "I cannot, as an honourable man, remain silent with regard to certain suspicions. I must let the defence know what—" he stopped, then added: "Grace, you must tell me this evening all you know about that forged cheque." "But why do they insist on saying Miss Treherne cashed it? she answered evasively. "Because the dress worn by the person who uttered the cheque is identically similar to one which Miss Treherne had made last year, and wore constantly." "Yes ? " she answered interrogatively. "I am quite certain that you can give me impor- tant information on one or two points. Will you tell me now who procured the cheque, who uttered it, and who forged it ? " With bewildering fear Grace looked at his decided face and noted his determined manner. . _ _

"Why do you—ask me—all—these questions ? " she stammered; "it is—" She ceased speaking abruptly, for her ears caught the distant sound of th) nurse singing her child off to sleep. The colour surged back into her cheeks, and she breathed quickly, as if labouring under intense excitement. "Dennis, I cannot tell you anything," she said with a tinge of decision. "In other words, you are determined to side with the true criminal, or criminals, and to participate in their dastardly conduct Do you not compre- hend the awful responsibility in which you are involving yourself—and others—by adopting this line of conduct, and by allowing a young, promis- ing life to be crushed—ground down with humilia- tion and degradation? By speaking up bravely and telling all you know, you will probably save her from this—and act a noble part. Fears of implicating yourself ought not to stand in the way of your doing what / tell you is right. Do not imagine, Grace, that you have married a man who would desert you in trouble. I will stand by you, through thick and thin, if you will act courageously and straightforwardly. I know you must regret doing many things which you were, in a measure, forced to do when living with your father. But if you will only be frank with me regarding all you know concerning this forged cheque, I will do my utmost to screen you from blame." As he ceased speaking, Grace raised her eyes to Mi. Oh! that at that moment they had reflected love! What sorrow would have been averted.

A painful silence ensued. In the distance the nurse could be heard still singing baby to sleep. The tender strain of the evening hymn which fell so soothingly on the unintelligent baby ears touched a pathetic cord in her mother's heart. She sighed and buried her face in her hands. Grief, contrition, and fear were coursing through her mind. To confess all, might it not force her to relinquish husband, child, and home? Her husband did not suspect the truth, or he would not have promised to screen her. The moment he knew all, he would turn from her in anger—per- haps decline to allow her to share his home or to see her child, her sweet little baby whom she loved so dearly. Why should such a sacrifice be expected from her now? She was so sorry for the past. Surely she had suffered enough for that one sin. Never to lie down or rise up without the haunting knowledge of that one dark spot on her life—was not that sufficient punishment? Besides, Richard Musgrove had told her not to trouble about the matter, that all would be right. He knew all the circumstances. Dennis knew nothing. It would be foolish not to follow Richard Musgrove's advice. As she thus argued to herself the vacillation which usually characterised her expression was suddenly replaced by obstinacy— that obstinacy which belongs essentially to the weak.

"Grace, how much longer must I wait for my answer ? " Dennis asked, somewhat imperiously. "I have no answer to give," she replied. "Tell me what you know of Richard Musgrove?" he asked in a desperate voice. There was no reply. Dennis pressed his lips together and grew deadly white.

"If you could only understand how I hate and despise myself—through you!" he exclaimed with bitter vehemence. "Cannot you see what a galling position mine is? But of course not!" he laughed unpleasantly; "your code of honour makes all things right in your eyes, probably. You evidently have not the slightest idea what pain it gives me to be compelled to provide the cat's-paw in this case. If you did, you could not remain silent; it would be a radical impossibility. Place yourself in my position; try and imagine my feelings, if I have to stand by and hear an innocent person con- demned to imprisonment and lifelong disgrace for forging my name. lam absolutely certain that she never uttered that forged cheque! You know it, too, and I believe it lies in your power to save her from imprisonment" He stopped speaking with startling abruptness. Grace raised her eyes and gazed searchingly into his face: acute emotion was there reflected. Sud- denly the knowledge that he loved Gwendoline Treherne flashed across her mind. With that knowledge came jealousy and hatred; for she knew it was Gwendoline Treherne who was holding back her hupband's love—that love for which she craved unceasingly. Until this moment she had been comparatively contented to be merely an unloved, though kindly-treated, wife. The hope that her husband would grow to love her ulti- mately had latterly assumed the aspect of a cer- tainty in her eyes. During the time of enforced idleness the thought of it had been seldom absent from her mind. Alas! those castles in the air, in which his love for her had played an all- important part, were now razed to the ground. Then it suddenly occurred to her that Dennis was anxious to sacrifice her—the mother of his child—in order to save her rival from imprisonment. She rose and walked with faltering steps across the room. At the door she stopped, and, turning round, said in a hard, deep voice: "Dennis, I know now why you want me to give you information about that cheque." "Do you ? " he queried unsuspiciously. "Yes; you love Gwendoline Treherne! You would be glad if I were sent to prison instead of her!

a lie, Grace--Stop! " he cried in a voice of thunder.

But the closed the door swiftly, and he was left alone.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WHEEL OF FATE.

BY MRS. BAGOT HARM. Author of "Love's Revenge," "Bianca," "The

Silver Lining," &c., &e.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXIX

The Vanes' pretty drawing-room at Campden Hill Was laden with the perfume of roses and mignonette. The flowers had been sent from the country by Mr. Hughes as a congratulatory offering to Grace on , her recovery. "I never knew William to act so thoughtfully before," said Mrs. Hughes in a voice of genuine approval. "You must consider it a great compli- ment to yourself, dear Grace. I am quite sure he packed them himself—and in cotton wool, too! No one else would have fixed them in as if they were never intended to come out. William always does everything thoroughly—never by halves. He is a good, sterling character. Of course, women are very pleasant in their way, but—"— here Mrs. Hughes made a long pause, then added with an emphatic nod—"l am a great admirer of men." Grace glanced up with a look of surprise. "Yes, very great admirer of men," continued her aunt. "They may not be perfect; I have strong suspicions that many are very far from perfect; yet, as to whole, they are brave, large-hearted, persevering, and healthily. active. Ido not see why women should grumble about their men-folk so much as they do. lam snre that the way in which most men go cheerfully through their day's work, making light of their labours, is most creditable. Women, as a rule, have a bad habit of not doing cheerfully what they have to do. They complain about bein,, tired and not feeling well and all that kind of thing. I have a great idea that people should try to be cheerful—it does not matter how busy they are. Don't you agree with me, Grace ? " "Yes, certainly I do. But it is not always easy to be cheerful."

"I do not find it difficult. It is just a habit— that is all. It only requires people to make no their minds to look pleasant, and to think pleasantly, and—well, the thing is done! But to return to men. I don't believe in half the dis- agreeable things that are said of them. Of course, I know they are foolish and weak on some subjects, especially on women; and it always seems very thoughtless for a strong man to let his wife, perhaps a delicate, frail creature, carry a heavy baby for miles, when he walks at her side smoking. He doesn't like to offer to carry the baby—because he is a man! Then, it's very stupid that boys are taught that it isn't right for them to lend a hand in the house sometimes. I'm sure there's many a chivalrous-hearted little fellow who would help his mother if it were not for the thought that he mustn't—because he is going to be a man! But I daresay these things will be righted some day." Then, suddenly changing the topic of the conver- sation as was her wont, Mrs. Hughes made a series of disconnected comments on Dennis's goodness, to which Grace listened with a pleasant sense of happiness, as she leaned back placidly watching Mrs. Hughes arranging the flowers. On Grace's lap lay a mass of white muslin and lace, among which a wee face nestled, and two little pink fists were pressed together on a small chest. Baby slept calmly. Sometimes a sweet smile flitted over the little face, as if angels were whispering happy thoughts into her ears as she lay on her mother's lap. Grace glanced down admir- ingly at her child. What a pretty, Niree creature she was! How greatly she resembled her father. "We haven't chosen baby's name yet," said Grace smiling, as if selecting her baby's name was an interesting occupation. "Oh, no! so you have not , answered Mrs. Hughes. "Why not call her Arabella ? There's such a good, sensible sound about it; and she had an aunt of that name. By the bye, she was rather an eccentric person. She had some property near Liverpool, which a line of steamers wanted to buy from her. She said she would not sell it for cash, but, as she was fond of travelling about, she offered to exchange it for the right of travelling on their steamers whenever she liked. She got her way, and almost lived on board the company's steamers until she died." "I should not like to call my child after her," said Grace. "Then call her Grace Dennina, after her father and yourself," answered Mrs. Hughes in a practical voice; "and perhaps, as I love the sweet little creature as much as if she were my own grand- child, you could add my name. Dennina Grace Maria Vane would be a characteristic name—one that nobody could forget—and--" she stc'PPed abruptly and opened the door, then exclaimed in a joyful voice: "Yes, I thought it must be you! You dear boy Come in Now kiss me, and then go and kiss your wife and baby. But don't make any noise; speak low, and walk on tip-toe, for baby is asleep. We were just talking about what names she should be christened. I suggest Grace Dennina Maria." "Sounds like Grace Dinner Mercy. I'm afraid I do not admire the combination of sound—it's not euphonious," replied Dennis; then he added gravely: "I should like her to be called Phyllis— after my mother." "Of course—yes ' exclaimed his aunt. "How thoughtful of you to think of it. Dear Phyllis. It is only natural that her boy should want his child to be called after her. But draw your chair near, Dennis, and look at your child." Mrs. Hughes spoke as if the baby was a unique specimen of the genus homo, and as if she possessed rare and wonderful characteristics which demanded special study. "Just notice," she continued, adoptim, the manner of a show woman, "her sweet little ands —and her long eyelashes—and her broad, high forehead—and her beautifully curved mouth—and her nose--"

"I should describe that nose as a negative one," interrupted Dennis. "But I wonder who she will be like. At the present moment she resembles nobody." "Oh, Dennis! She is just like you! " expostu, lated his wife. "Like roe! I don't see where the resemblance lies, I must say. I should be surprised to hear that my no was that shape--" "It's a very pretty nose! " put in Mrs. Hughes, indignantly. "I won't contradict you, aunt," he said. Then, as baby opened her eyes and gazed straight at him, he added, with a ring of dismay, "It's waking up!" "It ! " cried Mrs. Hughes with a gasp of horrified surprise. "Pray never let ins hear you call the dear child 'it' again. It is a she." "Oh! it is a she, is it? " he observed with undisguised amusement. Grace smiled and looked happy; she enjoyed hearing her child discussed, and seeing her husband take an amused interest in his aunt's various remarks.

"I should dearly love to see you nurse your child, Dennis," said Mrs. Hughes, adopting a per- suasive tone. "It looks so charming to see a young father nursing his first baby.'' Dennis glanced hesitatingly at the mass of lace and muslin, and then, with the air of doing an heroic deed, extended his hands, saying: "How do you take hold of it?" "‘ It' again," echoed his aunt sorrowfully. But there NM a ring of forgiveness in her voice; for Dennis, contrary to all expectations, was hold- ing the baby most successfully. "One would imagine she was a giantess, judging from the length of her garments," he observed. "She will wear shorter ones by - and - bye," answered his aunt in an instructive voice. "Let us hope so. But why she should wear them three feet too long now baffles my comprehen- sion."

"It is the fashion," Mrs. Hughes explained. "Then if it were the fashion for babies to wear knickerbockers and swallowtail coats, she would have to wear them, I suppose, aunt ? " "I really cannot exactly say; but I should not imagine that such an extraordinary style of costume will ever be the fashion for infants." "Shall I take baby again, Dennis ? " said Grace. "Yes, do!'" put in Mrs. Hughes. "Come, give up tho sweet treasure, Dennis; you hsve had her quite long enough. I will ring the bell and send her up to the nursery. lam going out now to do some shopping. So you young peole can enjoy a quiet chat together."

===== 0002601_18980415_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CITA?ThR XXX.

More effectual means for checking a tete-a-tite could not be chosen than telling the two people concerned to enjoy a quiet chat. Thus, as the door closed on Mrs. Hughes, neither Dennis nor Grace shtuied a disposition to start a conversation. The latter settled himself in his favourite chair and drew it close to an nrPn window. 'lron won't mind My havtng a cigarette here, •will you, Grace?" he asked. "Oh, no," she answered in a manner that re- vealed it was a pleasufe to acquiesce in whatever he suggested.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXXI.

"OM William, I am so very glad you have come Now I shall have someone to talk to." Had Mrs. Hughes said—a sympathetic listener to r horn she could unburden her heart, she wou.4, hays' spoken more truthfully.

CJ am glad I have come, as you seem so pleased," concurred her husband. "But you haven't yet told me what the trouble is about which has upset you." 2 "Oh! so I have not. But do eat a good meal, Cold, chicken is really very nourishing, and Fon look as if you wanted keeping up. I'm afraid you have been vezi,Js badly looked after at home. Well, to return to poor Grace. I left her and Dertnis htiving a pleasant little chat yesterday "afternoon: He had been nursing the baby, and we :bad, just settled what names she should be christened and whom she resembled. Really, it was quite a pretty sight to see the young parenta leaning over the little treasure, both looking so .proud and happy. I started off to do my -shopping, feeling quite sure that all would go on smoothly whilst I was out of the house. I suppose_l must have been away some two hours, for I couldn't see anything I liked until they showed me a green plaid dress, trimmed with black fringe—you'll see it to-morrow, it's being altered to fit me—and—" "But about Grace, my dear," interrupted her husband.

"Well, when I got home I found everyone running about—oh! such excitement; and I could hear the poor girl sobbing and crying in her oat room. It was dreadful ! Dennis had gone oat' here her voice fell almost to a whisper—"km afraid they had had a little difference. Of course, I hurried up to her, and she threw her arms round my neck and implored of me to take her and her baby to some safe place, quite away from London. She said she was so miserable, and a great many other things that lam quite sure she never meant. When she was in the middle of tell- ing me all her troubles, nurse came in, and said I must try and quiet Mrs. Vane' or send for Dr. BoltOn at once. I did my best, but of course it was very difficult, for dear Grace was so excited and unhappy. She said a great deal that I should not like to repeat—even to you! She actually said that Dennis wanted her to go to prison instead of Gwendoline Treherne. I told her that it was very silly to talk like that, but she clung to me and repeated it several times." "Ah, poor girl; she must be slightly unhinged —mentally," said Mr. Hughes in a sad voice. "And how did it all end ? " _ _

"eh, -the-clOci-o;-h-a-d-t-o be sent for, as I could not succeed in pacifying her. He came last night and again the first thing this morning. He evidently thinks she is in a critical condition, and says that the only means of saving her from a long illness is to take her away from London at once, and not to let her see her husband for quite three months—perhaps even for a year. Is it not dread- ful ? "

"Very—indeed I" replied Mr. Hughes witk feeling. "But what can I do, Maria? Why dia you telegraph for me?" "Because I felt I couldn't tell dear Dennis what the doctor says," she said, gulping down a sob; "and I'm not a coward—as you know, William— s° 1 sent for you to break the news to him." "But you can tell him a hundred times better than I can. Women manage those kind of .com- munications much better than men do." "Oh, but I feel as if I couldn't tell him. just' imagine how dreadful it will be for the poor boy Lo have his home broken up and the dear baby taken away from him, and—and—all his domestic happiness ruined, and Grace so fond of him, too." "Yes; I only wish he was as fond of her as she is of him: However, my dear, we must leave the matter in Higher Hands. I wonder what led her to state that she believes he is fond of Miss Treherne ? "

"I am sure I cannot say. Dear me, those Tre- hernes seem fated to upset everyone's happiness. I do wish you would try and induce Dennis not to have anything more to do with them, and.especially not to continue figuring so conspicuously on Miss Treherne's side during this disgraceful trial, for of course it is disgraceful for a well-educated young person to be connected with cashing a forged cheque." "It is certainly most unfortunate that Dennie's name was forged. I can quite understand his feeling a chivalrous kind of pity for a girl whom he considers innocent of the charge; and there's always danger in--" "If Miss Treherne had a sallow complexion: a squint, and was fifty years of age, inste,ul of being young and pretty," broke in Mrs. Hughes, "neither you nor he would be so sorry for her, nor so certain that she did not cae:, ; ;alit cheque. Men are men, and pretty girls are pretty girls "We will not dispute that point, my dear," was the mildly-spoken rejoinder. 'Besides—" "Hush ! " exclaimed his wife. "There's Dennis! I wonder why he has come back so early. It is only four o'clock. . - -

dontrary to her usual custom, Mrs. Hughes did not hurry out to welcome him, but remained quietly listening to his movements in the hall. She evidently dreaded the moment when he should enter the dining-room. Meanwhile Mr. Hughes handled his knife and fork in a nervous manner, as if oppressed with a sense of uncongenial respon- sibility. "Why, uncle, you here!" exclaimed Dennis, entering and speaking in a manner that conveyed a warm welcome.

"Yes, my boy; your aunt telegraphed for me." Dennis made no answer, but looked interroga- tively towards her. "I thought that perhaps your uncle would be able to advise you in your trouble," she said responsively. "I am glad you have come, uncle," was the rejoinder; then turning to Mrs. Hughes, Dennis added, in a lower voice: "Has Dr. Bolton been again? " "Yes."

"What does he say?" Mrs, Hughes looked furtively at her husband, who, however, steadily averted his face. "I should like to know at once what Dr. Bolton said," Dennis added anxiously. "He says, dear boy," Mrs. Hughes began in a distressed voice, "that you must let your wife leave town immediately, and that please don't think I am unkind for repeating it—that you and she had better not see much—at least, anything_.. of each other for a time. It has happened, as it often does, that her mind has become a little upset. She imagines strange things about you and--- "I understand," interrupted Dennis, thrusting his hands into his pockets and looking straight before him; "Dr. Bolton thinks that we had better separate, temporarily." "Well, I suppose that is what he really means. In the end everything will come quite right, of course. Your dear wife is sure to recover, and the little feeling of—of jealousy which is now troubling her is certain to subside." "I thought it would come to this," Dennis jerked out, almost unconsciously. "I am so sorry for you—so very sorry," ex- claimed his aunt with a big sob. Then she rose quickly, hurried towards him, and threw her arms round his neck. "If you like I will take care of them both—your wife and your baby," she con- tinued in a semi-articulate manner. "They will be happy at the Vicarage, and—and—oh, Dennis, don't look so broken-hearted; all will come right." "You are very kind, aunt," he said, gently disengaging himself; "no one could be kinder. Yes; all will come right, probably. Meanwhile, I shall be very glad for Grace and the baby to stay with you. I hope you will not find them an anxiety." "I shall enjoy taking care of them. But even if they were an immense anxiety, it would not influence me in the matter. Do you imagine " here Mrs. Hughes adopted a mildly indignant tone—"l should allow your wife and your child to be taken care of by strangers—certainly not! "It is always a pleasure for your aunt to do kindly acts for you and yours," said Mr. Hughes, speaking for the first time. For a few minutes no one spoke; then Dennis said, in a frigid voice: "I shall let the house furnished, and shall probably share Flume's rooms." "Could you not induce him to come and live here? " suggested Mrs. Hughes; "it seems a sad pity for you to break up your home before you have been in it a year, and to let strangers hu3rl your pretty furniture." "I shall be glad to turn my back on it a 11...- heartily glad, replied Dennis emphatically. "Do not trouble yourself so much about me, aunt. Everyone has more or less bad luck in life. I suppose lam having my bad luck now. Later I may have good luck, though it seems anything but probable, at the present moment. However, lamentations are useless. We all have to grow old to an accompaniment of pleasant and unpleasant Incidents."

"That's only too true, Dennis,' coincided his uncle, "for man is born to trouble as the sparks fly upward.'"

To :‘40111p,a3.--Mrs. WWl;Slow's SOthlnyritits bee•i wed ovrr •filty years by millions of mothers for their chil- dren %stifle teething with perfect success. It will relieve tho roor offer.r immediately. It is pleasa-ot to taste ; it pro- dimes natural quiet steep by relieving th chill nom pain and be little cherub awakes • as bright P. 3 a button." (If all attend, tso Id. per hottle,—..;drt,

LAUNDRY GIRLS AND THEIR WORK.

M ILL GOVERNMENT INTERVENE ?

A WES I lON FOR THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.

There is no dcubt that some steam laundries kill oft girls at a dreadful rate. Bad ventilation, added to the heat and damp inseparable from the work, and sanitary conditions of a bad kind, prove fatal to ironers and washers who are of feebler constitution than their fehows. The death-rate in some districts in alartnirg. In certain places, a special intervention of the Some Secretary, who ought to be questioned at the earliest opportunity in the House of Commons, would result in evelatibns which would stir the country from one end to the other.

Even where the best possible conditions prevail, it ought to be known that laundry work is a severe tax on a girl's strength. A recent case ferreted out by the "Bath Herald," illustrates the fact. A girl named Lizzie Kimber, employed in a laundry at Bath, wag treated at the Bath Royal Hospital for extreme weakneall and Impoverished blood. She was deadly pale, breath. less, and hardly able to stand, owing to her emaciated and ansemic condition. There is no suggestion that the laundry was otherwise than well conducted and per- fectly healthy, and the girl had not been overworked. The constant inhaling of air charged with half-con- densed steam ; the inevitable beat of the ironing rooms and the transition from heat to cold on passing out afterwards had doubtless reduce 3 her vitality. The heat had affected her heart; her blood was impover shed; and there is no doubt that she was on the verea of consumption when taken to the hospital. No blaino attached to anyone. The girl (her full name is Elizabeth Kimber, 5, Glaso House Cottages, Odd Down, Bath), recovered and weot back to her work. She says that a Mrs. Watts living 011# Rush-hill, a neighbouring hamlet, having read in tbe papers of the wonderful results achieved all over Eng' land by D:. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, advised to try them. She did so and with the ha 'pleat result& 1 "After taking one box I was much better," said Mille Kimber. "I followed the rules given with them and 0 all I' took five boxes of the Innis. Now lam all right, 0 • well as ever I was—quite jolly in fact." Miss Kimbere appearance entirely corroborated her statement as to the excellent health abet now enjoys, for she looked the pie' lure of strength and vigour. Those who remember beg, clueing her illness would not be surprised if, after a hero, day's work in a laundry, the girl had shown signs 01 fatigue. But this was not the case : she was in the hest of spirits. Of course this result is due to enrich' ment of tbe blood and building up of the constitutiotif for which Dr. Williams' kink Pil:s are noted, as they ac,t directly on the blood. Thus it is that they are so much praised among all classes ef people, from the lowest to the highest in the land, for the cure ol indigestioot araernia and rheumatism, scrofula, chronic erysipelse, and to restore pale and sallow complexions to the glo/ of health. They are also a splendid nerve and spina tonic, and thus have cured many cases of paranoia locomotor ataxy, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nery nue headache. They are obtainable of all chemists, aed from Dr. Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn' viaduct, London, at 2s, 9d. a box, or six boxes ior 13s 9d.;but as imitations of a useless tharacter are being offered for sale, it is important to observe that the Pi1l! are genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pio' Pills for Pale People. Another case, in which they doubtedly saved a girl's life, is that recently inentic in the "Hampshire Observer." The following is report,

." Miss Allen has teen saved from the jawA of death. Such is the remark which has been current for 9007 weeks past on the lips of residents in the neighboure°!.. of Water-lane, Winchester. The circumstances of tt; case soon got bruited ahroad,and a representative " Hampshire Observer" was told off to make a thorouP investigation of the facts. I was not long (writes the " Observer " man) in find' jog No. 1, Percy-terrace, where Miss Annie Allen residel found her a bright, pleasant, active young %vernal', who at the time of my visit was busily engaged i 0 laundry work. On being informed of the nature cf n3l mission, she promptly volunteered the following state- talent " In the summer of last year I was very ill indeed,aq my father and mother and all my friends ware Veil anxious about me. I had lost all my strength and err ergy,ray colour left my cheeks,and I could lasadly do sof work of any kind. In fact,everything seemed to be tOl much for me, whereas previously I had been full 0 strergth and energy and was of great help to my mettle in her business. I could get scarcely any sleep at night; time,and when I got up in the morning I felt heavy so depressed,and the prospect of the day's routine was VA much for me." " Then I saw in one of the papers an article descrill ing an extraordinary escape from death by the use 0, Dr.Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. So 'as Ibe had the best medical advice, in vain) I made up mind that I would try a box. I owe my present of good health to them. I took one pill after each rrie'r and by the time I bad finished the first box I felt el,e . so much better. My strength and energy came and with them the pleasure of living and working. colour came back to my cheeks and I was as full energy and life as I had previously been full of weakvel and depression. My father and mother had been full° anxiety, and when my friends kept telling me how jll looked—and I felt worse than I looked—l used to ger; more depressed than ever. The pills took away all tha' I cannot help expressing my gratitude for the effect; they bad on me. I can scarcely tell you bow well ' feel now." Mrs. Allen,the mother of the young woman, with el, pressions of great gratitude,corroborated her daughter' statements in every particular, saving that no;ii she Deci gan to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills she had fear!, greatly what the consequences of her illness might 0'; She added, " My dain.hter used to faint away as oft°," as three times a day, lost every bit of colour, frequent seemed quite dczed. All that she wanted to do was t. lie down, as she said she felt so weak she could

keep going. Before her illness she was as full of and life as could be, and she was of great he'p to my business. But her illness made her so weak that Olt was scarcely fit for anything. I can tell you that I fe very grateful when she got better."

vs. John Sandow, engineer on board a feary•hoat. • 10 custody at Woclwicb, charged with the murder 0) married woman named Steward. Sandow, who le at the house of the Stewards, returned home on Sett afternoon, and the report of a revolver was al& afterwards heard. Some neighbours ran in, and woman was found lying in a dying condition wito:, bullet wound in the right breast. Sandow, after a fleP" struggle, was felled by a neighbour with his own ' volver, and was put under arrest. The woman ' only able to utter the one word " Murdered," and n A number of snow slides of enormous magnitude reported to have occured at different points on the to the Klondike. The loss of life is said to have very great—nearly 100 men having been buriedtent- the masses of snow and ice in ;Ale case slone. ; The Armenian Patriarch states that there row Anatolia 40.000 Armenian orphans whose parents " slain during the maesacres:

HAIR PRESERVED AND BEAUTIFIED by using the reliable preparation, ROWLANDS' MACASSAR OIL. strengthens and restores decaying hair, eradicates and prevents baldness ; no other preparation can pr such a dressy and beautiful appearance of the hair , stimulate its growth as RowLaigns' MACASSAR OIL. If_26. have never tried it, vou are strongly advised to proe'cor bottle at once and continue using it for your own and children's hair. Also sold in a Golden Colour for 160. haired ladies and childre... Sizes, 3s. 6d„ 78., 105' (equal to 4 small). (flee ROWLANDS' ODONTO is the most perfect dent' thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all impurities. PO a pearl-like whiteness, and prevents decay. Sold bY and Chemists. Write A. Howland and Sons, 20. • Garden, London, for cash prices. Avoid spurious - Lions.

FLORILINE I—Fo THE TEETH AND BREATII.—ThoI.- eleansfe the teeth from all pansite3 or impux Ries, h3' the gums, prove, ts tartrsr, stops dee ty, and gives teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fraft to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per the Florilln "Powder," of all Chemists and Peri' Advt•

TOBACCONIST 3 Commeneing.—See Illustrate 3 259 pages) 31. Tobacconists Outilithw (70,.136, I.Diadonitairare!sers fitteb.--;,./ariagor

1 at 0110 h 4/ maw the 0

111 11 j, of 1 geg f e tore. roe 46 0- die trs ‘turdel sbottil ,d tbe vitb leree , bee° ,e,to , 10 wer° AND BEAUTIFIED b the otw y tu,sn.f. vao od° prd 9,1 r Dt "gl• prOn:m.es , tali° ognil tfardetga es t".,,,,c0 f rap. or jar 0016(et itol-sc°

===== 0002601_18980415_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER. th DEAR NELLIE, - Black hats are always in the best taste, and the kind most in favour this season is a turban shape i°lllled of folds of jetted net on a light open-work straw foundation, with jetted wings or ostrich tips , the qide. Steel-beaded black tulle makes a Pretty hat trimming arranged in the same way, eePecially if a smart bow of black silk and a hand- 11°Ite cut steel ornament are added at the side.

Sailor shaped hats will be much worn (limbic; the l'Priilg• A very becoming hat is in a speckled Pllnarrla—blue and cream—the blue predominating 111 the brim which is consequently a more becoming ltamework 'for the face, and the cream in the r. ewn, round which a band of deeper blue velvet s folded, while a deftly-tied bow of white silk is arranged lightly at the side. This hat might also be made in red and white, and black and white. A useful and fashionable blouse is a really dainty creation of pea-green silk. Down the front are Br°oPe of tiny encircling tucks only broken into where it fastens over at the left side, with a double I°tv of tabs, the outer ones left free, and those beneath fastened down with small pearl buttons. eie the little rounded yoke the tucks are divided Itt intervals by herring-bone stitching, and at neck tted wrist a touch of white silk is introunced with the green.

really fashionable coat is made in dark but tight blue cloth. It is belted in at the waist a short tabbed basque with a broad band of 4ld, which then passes beneath the loose fronts '"u hold in trim bondage the vest of white moir6, 1011 same material is used with excellent effect :tor the high collar, the revers and the cuffs with edging of the braid to stand out against its pure Whiteness.

l'igi

rumour that blouse-bodices are going out of ;"-"an is incorrect. The new blouses are triumphs art, both in style and colouring, and they are ~,s4r too comfortable and useful a mode to be thrown one side. Sinee their introduction they have o on such a precious hold upon feminine attire Pat it will be almost impossible to do without lena. The latest blouse of silk is tucked across °edict, from chin to waist and from shoulder to Wrist, and most of them have folded waistbelts of silk or satin, finished with a butterfly bow on left Side. Silk shirts also show tucks made in groups of three across the front, while tiny paste or cut steel buttons ornament the front. Neck-bands are finished with the large stock bow at the chin. next to silk guipures and passementeries there arc no trimmings BO fashionable for woollen dresses 143 straps or bands of light or white cloth and silk, _aovered with plaid insertion, either black or white, tuF with rows or scrolls of narrow braid. Some- bands Lae merely piped with a colour, !tit the lace insertion hides a multitude of small Pots and 50i18, which are inevitable in changeable rather either in town ,or country, and is, there- °re, to be recommended on the score of economy. rttit4nlongst the new goods for spring wear are /03;1 serge woven grounds which show white spots„ unded by a black ring, and the celestial 4„-Tisphere on a-starry night is recalled by white smaller black spots on different coloured f0;471:48, striped with white. Dark navy satin 14 arc's printed with bold .white patterns will be tatlY used for dresses. Shepherd's plaids always tr'al to the well dressed, and in soft twilled silk Will make many of the new shirts and blouses, a4teially in grey and white, red and white, black blaek and blue, black and red, while 11‘e blended with pink, or blue, or mauve, is qfgestive of summer days. The bold cashmer- -44P designs in bright red and white, and green It,' white make delightful shirts for the fawn and bl,, cloth gowns. The newest notion in soft silks, Alli,6ver, are the bright centres speckled with 5p0,...--• having deep borders of black and white pin ,4 a white ground. Some of these centres Eight blue, yellow, mauve, green or cerise. are Young girls or matrons' dinner gowns there 'With inating white and light coloured stripes 'over ;"Inute Pompadour floral patterns thrown all it I.l.'uQn. The colourings are all good, but I Preference to a broad white and yellow to rn' With minute garlands of pink roses. It is flaQi a Year of checks, white, black and blue %ter!' indeed, white with pretty well every colour, 11,di 'toted by black lines, are preparing for :thThere is an immense variety in the ve,.47% ough black lines figure in nearly all, and %al the tartans are included, as well as all those unostentatious little fancy checks which P. tra ndmothers wore at school in the early era, with the black shoes and white at tl)5 Crossed crossed with sandals. A notable feature

e•oloui

g‘efo '.l ‘ 1 )-- .."- t", 7.4- A. ....„ ~ / ''' - a.,.......—... .4,...........) AI. - - ;, .1 . • n..- „. e' ' ;. P' .Ig." ..„4-ziey- ...,,,,..„4„,-,,.......: • ,\_,4,.,,,, f,„:::.:...-ie , ...., ..„-.;?..,,...., i,-: •:,-.,..,'\ ......--..,.v 7;.0.0.- f0ft,.... , 1.

, ./...i. ~....4,:, 4.4_,_.:., ~7...... 1/4, ..7, / ,__--- ~.... , - : _IL :1 1 f ~ 4" ' . ' V' / rz .t. 141 I i I ' ''' 71:0 t 7 ik if' A,AI ' I ' P'" ‘ ',/ .... 411 0,, „..... , /,,, ,_ :i;,__ , i.-„,„ ;,,,,,,,,, „„ ~„ //de, N.,,......_, 71--,, T, 7 „.t.,, vi ~,,, 4- A

1vd,..._ • e-.. -,. .r., • . ~' - 'E.; ps'•• P"', \ r.,8,,' t 4,1,:t, 4Air 0 p /

===== 0002601_18980415_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
of the larger checks is the Royal blue with white and orange. Your loving JENNIS.

t, TIN -eklin°4l' I _,,:rtoN AND COUGH.—Soreness and dryness, vet Ran I,tee. p (1 Irritation. indueinv caugth and affectl.n.gw_th_e. b, llonf_Pr tkese symptoms use Epps's Glycerine Jeix Fe.. t Y the glands at the moment they are excited entia sucking. the Glycerine in these affer9es:ins. 7ejean: f thlel 'el ttcl . imanss am.l°.?l,TahnteltaeliYili:pe VD' Co., Limited, Hotticau- -41. London." Dr. Moore," in his v-,‘ k Oa ahroat Diseases." says : ~ The Glyeerint Jujubes 4,l,i,cepatii hales Epps and CO., are of undoubted service Writler Pki,:i°r, Palliative agent,' while Dr. Gordon Holmes, e`an to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary; tr cert. After an extended trial, I have found you tht 443 e. Jujub ti,.,_oat disea ,of Considerable benefit in almost all forms alati...°44 C.S.4itt;ouAdssut. PILL! ""wfilill , digestive, corrective, and 1411.21. 44, 130., Ole!! Chemists.—Advt

(ARIT4.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
4441iXtilye

'Ph qt.%

===== 0002601_18980415_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
" WOMEN'S CHAT."

The German Empress,who is still very far from strew,: has been ordered mountain air, and it is expected she will take advantage of the Queen's offer of the use of Abergeldie Castle, very shortly. There is perhaps on finer or more invigorating air in all Scotland than that of Deeside, and much is hoped from the Empress's stay there. By the way the Empre a dresses miles better now than she used to do,and, it is said, wishes to incite all German women to de the same, which would be an ealellent thing. She has of late grown much slimmer, and looks better in consf quence. Considering the Dutch are not usually regarded as a musical people, the nee a that Queen Wilhelmina pos- sesses a great distaste for music,scarcely comes as a sur- prise. If however she is not a musician,like her father, King William 111., the young Queen pays some attention to other aesthetic tastes. She takes the greatest interest in painting and sculptule,and has herself a pretty talent for sketching. The picturesque, old-fashioned peasant costumes still exist in Holland, and Berne of them, such as those worn in Noord-Holland. Lynd-Holland, and Friesland, are really pretty. The headdresses more especially are quite original. In the three provinces I have just mentioned, a great many very wealthy farmers are liviu. The farmers' wives when in full dress have quite a fortune upon their beads. They wear a sort of golden skull cap at the back of their head, and over this a real lace cap, sometimes with a lace veil falling upon the back as low as the waist. The forehead is covered with a golden plate set with diamonds, while the most fantastic ear- rings are worn, generally old-fashioned diamond speci- mens. The bodices are very short, and the skirts unusually wide—not at the bottom, like our modern skirts, but round the hips. The skirr is made with gathered flounces, and in spite of their large hips, the women wear a sort of"bustle"under the skirt, in order to make it as volum- inous as possible. The aprons.which are large and long are made of beautiful silks, and satins. It is only just to the Dutch woman though to add, that,if she does not dress well, she does not dress extravagantly. She makes no exorbitant demands upon her hnsband's pocket for "pin money," but is as economical with her wardrobe as with her household.

An appreciation of British women writers by a Frenchman is indeed rare, and unexpected, but none the less pleasing and interesting. M. Edouard Rod, Pro- fessor of Comparative Literature at the University of Geneva has described George Eliot as the greatest English fiction writer of this century, and her genius he puts on the same level as that of the great Russian nevelist—Tolstoi. Students and admirers of Mrs. Hum- phry Ward will be pleased with what M. Bod says of 66 Robert Elsmere," and the distringuished French writer does not forget Olive Schreinei , whose " Story of an African Farm" and "Trooper Peter Halkett," have made such a powerful impression upon thinking men and women. He considers the last named book one of the greatest productions of the present generation. Mrs. Humphry Ward. or to use the novelist's maiden name, Mary Augusta Arnold., was born with a rich heri- tage of intellect and culture. She was the grand- daughter of Arnold of Rugby, and the niece of Matthew Arnold, but the religous strain in her writings and the disposition to grapple with metaphysical difficultiee came from her father, Mr. Thomas Arnold. Mrs. Ward pre- fere to avoid publicity, still ehe is an occasional guest at literary dinners. Her tall graceful figure and distin- guished though unassuming bearing, make her a marked figure, in any assembly. She talks with ease, and in a clear melodious voice which never rises to the height of argument. In public gatherings Mrs. Ward surrounds herself with an atmosphere of reserve but amongst her intimate friends, she displays a quiet wit and enjoys the gay as well as the grave. In society she avoids the " smart " sets, preferring the atmosphere of thought and culture: All the rare point laces, made with such care and pre- cision in the old days, are being produced in our go- ahead times by machinery. Sometimes a faithful copy is made, but as a rule we adapt the old patterns to our modern uses. The newest ground work, which resembles the cells of a honeycomb, appertains only to our modern days, and it figures now in black and white laces alike. In white it is singularly beautiful with the braid designs united by lace stitches. Speaking of old lace, there is at the present time in South Kensington Museum, (London) an altar frontal, value at £350. The work in this is represented by birds scrolls, and blossoms, with an outer border of similar devices in bolder forms. The lace is ,gros point de Vonise, or heavy raised lace,and must have taken a couaiderable time to work. Concerning the flower world,forget-Ine-nots are shown in profusion, and, mixed with the deeper tints of violet, promise to be well worn. The foxglove too, bids fair to be very fashionable, as the clusters are full, and exactly in the present fashion of wreaths. This flower is pro- duced in all colours, with a dark shaded centre. The three-quarter coats bad a brief season. Nobody liked them, they looked too double-skirtish, and they needed such very careful fitting below the waist, as few mantua-makers had skill or care to give them. The smart coat and skirt costume of the moment, is about as neat and purposeful as anything one can imagine. Its small sleeves, short flat basque and stern cut are quite one's ideal of the walking gown which a Britishwornan finds reaindispensable an item of her wardrobe. Many people there are who spend much time and thought over the arrangement of their furniture, bat give little or no attention to the framing and hanging of their pictures. as a general rule photographs ought to be delicately framed in oxidised silver, r light enamel, otherwise their delicate tones are killed. Pencil draw- ings, for the same reason should also be framed in pale colors, the richness of gold moulding detracting too much from the victure itself. Etchings, and pen-and- ink sketches may, on the contrary have far heavier frames, and for these nothing looks better than fluted oak or walnut. If water colors be low in tons, they ' should be lightly framed, in enamel or oxidised eilver,as the photographs, but if the coloring of the pictures is high, there is nothing more suitable than dull gold. For on paintings alone, is burnished gold really suitable, and even for these it should be sparingly ust,d. In hanging pictures, it is well to avoid the moat corn mon error of placing them too low. And moreover pic tunes should be grouped., not arranged in long straight , rows,or dotted evenly on each wall expanse,in the room. I They should be arranged in a pretty uneven group, I where the pictures are of the same kind,and the frames identical. Then a restful undecorated piece of wall should be left before placing another group. As to the means of hanging pictures, wire, not cord, should be used. An inexpensive way in which to stain floors is as fol- lows:—First sizethe parts to be etained,then dissolve two ounces of permanganate of potash in one pint of boiling water,add a pint of ala,,stir well, and it is ready for use. Brush over the Boards once or twice until the desired colour is obtained,and use a large brush. It will dry in a few minutes. Size again,and when quite dry eivei a coat a varnish. This is an exceediegly good and econ- omical stain. A capital plan whereby to use up scraps of pastry and cheese is 0 roll out the former very thiu,and line patty pans with it. Next grate the doer's?, and when there is one ounce mix it with half an ounce of warm butter,the yolks of two and the white of one egg, a little cayenne pepper, and onaei,e mustard. Put a teasooonful of this mixture into each patty pan, and bake in a steady oven. " MADGE."

EASTER voisrßy" MESTINGS.

WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH.

The Rector presided at the annual veatry meeting of the parishioners of the Warrington Parish Church on Tuesday evening, in the National Schools,Church-street. The meeting was well attended. Amongst those present in addition to the Rector were the Revs. A. A Markham, and A. F. White (curates), and Coencillor Woods, Dr. Davies,White Messrs.W .E. Aj 13. .Cileasnai kl; 113°.n13, Walton, I W. Gill, A. Browne, F. Taylor, W. Price, R liherwood, ewhuret, T. Mason, S. and Mr.E. W. Partington, Chorley, Wadsw(Aebl.:,v'SS:Fel J. Wood, P. C. Price,B. M. Mines, Tnnperley, A. White (depute clerk). Mr. ALFRED Weems, as people's warden, presented the balance sheet. lie said that at the close of last year there W 3.9 a defieit of £3lB 13.1 7d. ; this year there was a deficit of £304 16e. ii. Many of those present would perhaps wonder why the sheet did not show about £7O to the good on the offertory account, as publicly an- nounced Rome tline ago in the " Parish Megsaine," but he thought it would be well to infn- e, them that the church had given too much away , tof keeping it for ite own needs. The amount they had had in receipts I was £632 131 23. ; they had paid away £6lB 049 I. The ordinary church expenses had been £2lB 19s. fie.,whilst they had given away in what they called " extra [taro- chief matters " £263 Sc Id. The latter item included £27 odd given towards the Indian Fanaine Fund ; £25 odd to the Nurses' Institute. Then they must remember that the choir fund had been "righted " ; it had got £lO behind its receip's from the churchwardens but had this year been brought up to date by the sum of £35 being paid to it. Of course, in future, only £25 would be , required for the choir. He thought they would admit Ithat the balance sheet was not one to be ashamed of, considering the enormous amount of meeey they ' bad had to find, not only for church and echeol matters, but for others connected with the commemoration of thel Jubilee of her Malosty. There was nothing, in his opinion, that could be cut down ; every penny bad been well spent. In conclusion, he referred to the advantage that would be afforded them by the bequest of the late Mr. Morris, which placed £3O annually in their hands for distribution among the poor of the town—(applause) —and he would also like to acknowledge the valuable gift from Mr. H. B. White, who, as vestry clerk, had during the oast three Years refused to accept his usual salary of £5 51., hut had given them each time a receip-, ted account. (Applause.)—Mr. W. Price, in moving the adoption of the accounts, said he took it that Mr. Woods when referring to the bequest of the late Mr. Morris, meant that the money might be used in lieu of the usual offertories for the poor.—Mr. Mason seconded, and the accounts were passed. Mr. WILLIAMSON proposed that a vote of thanks be accorded to the retiring wardens end sidesmen for their services. They had done their duty well, and deserved great credit —Mr. P. C. Price seconded, and the vote wee unanimoesly accorded. The REcecat said he had great pleasure in saying that he had received Mr. Craik's consent to his request that that gentleman would again act as his warden dur- ing next rear. He was sure that Mr. Craik would give the parishioners as much satisfaction as he gave to him (the Rector); and he thoueht they could not thank Mr. Craik too sincerely for the kindness he had shown in all matters connected with his office. He was respected by all,and, with every member of his family, stood high in the public esteem. (Flear,hear.)—Mr. Craik briefly thanked the Rector for his kind expressions; signified his willingnestaand the pleasure it would give him to serve another year; and finally intimated that he had uomitt- ated Mr. Atkin as his sidesm an for another year. Mr. Mason asked if it was correct that Mr. Woods had expressed his intention not to " stand " for the people's wardenship ?—Mr. Woods said that was quite correct, and he was detero3ined not to re-consider his decision, for he could not now afford the time to per- form the duties of the position.—Mr. Mason said that being the case he would propose Mr. Arthur Browne as people's warden. Mr. Browne, he thought, was an ex- cellent eentleman for the position, impartial, firm, well. versed in the duties of the office, and closely devoted to the church. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. W. Gill seconded,—Mr. S Davies proposed Mr. John Dewhurst for the position. He was a gentleman well qualified for the post, having 30 years experience, aael was generally esteemed by the congregation. If appointed he was sure Mr. Dewhuret would prove himself worthy of the confidence reposed in him. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. James Wood seconded. He expressed his regret that Coon. Woods had resigned the post after occupying it with so much credit so long a time.—The voting then took place by show of hands,the result being that Mr. filwhurst was elected by 30 votes to eight.—Mr. D nehurst expressed his thanks for the kind words that had been spoken on his behalf, and in promising to perform the duties of his position to the best of his ability said that in so doing he would net be a crouching, cringing slave to the Ratter of Warrington. Even were he disposed to be so, he knew ye y well that the Rector would not admire hies.—The Rector : No, I certainly should not.—Mr. Dswburst, continuing, said he was going to do his duty, and he hoped that at the end of the year he should have nothing to regret. He did not intend to be a thorn in the Rector's side,nor to be a firebrand among the congregation, nor a leader of any particular hectinn. —Mr. Browne : A hint for me.—Mr. Dawhurst : I hadn't you in my mind in the slighteet.lf I had I should have mentioned you by name. —Continuing he said he had been there for 35 years; he had trained the choir, and done an immense amount of work. For the last 15 years he had been a sidestnan,and promotion came to every one some time or other. He should try to do all he could for the church. He thanked them very much indeed for the honour which had been placed upon him, and indirectly upon the profession to which he belonged.—Mr. Browne thanked those who had voted for him. He xeli no one was more delighted than himself to hear the result.

_ The RECTOS propoeed a vote of thanks to Mr. Alfred Woods, who during the past nine years had aet-d as reople's warden. They all knew how energetic he had been in improving the fabric of the church, and of his work at sales and bazaars. He (the Rector) was truly grateful to him, and also to his mother, who had like- wise worked very hard for the church. (Applause).— Mr. Dewhurst seconded, and the motion wag carried unatimously, after which Mr. Woods shortly replied, saying that what he had done had been out of pure lova for the old church, under whose shadow he had been born. (Applause). Mr. Darrauusx nominated Mr. S. Davies as his sides- man. Messrs. T. Mason, W. Price, S. Taylor,F. Faylor, E. C. Cooper, J. E. Wright, J. Wood, and T. May, were elected ske,esmen for the Parish Church; Sergeant Price, for St. George's ; and Mr. William Hodgson, sidesman for St. Clement's.—Messrs. Douglas Buckton and Richaeri FOrclough were elected lay delegates. Mr. H. R. White, 'eery clerk, and Messrs. F. Taylor and J. Wood auditml.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
DO NOT NEGLECT!

Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles. Pains in the Beak Dropsy, Wind and Water ComplAint. Mem!As of Kidneys Bladder. Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout will find a noseltive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices Is. lid.. of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps. from HOLDROYeII. Medical Hall, Cheekheaten, Yorks. Sold at 35. Bridge-street Warrington. Don't be put off. If you cannot et them write to the Proprietor and a bor,will LaAsent next post—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE E A." Aid r I DAY, APRIL 15,

WIN WICK.

Votes of thanks were passed to thn ladies of the con- gregation who had laboured in the past year, to the assisting clergy—the Revs. H. R. M. Hutt, G. B. Thurs- ton, A, A. Markham and A. F. White; and also to the Rector for presiding,who after returning thanks,strongly appealed to all to use their best endeavours towards raising the £l,OOO needed to meet the deficiencies on the Parish Cnurch and Bt. George's and Fairfield schools. A. bazaar was to be held in the third week in November, and he hoped they would succeed in raising £l,OOO. They were aware there was a deficiency of £271 on th Parish Church accounts, and they also needed £230 for S. George's Mission, and £5OO for the building funds of Fairfield schools.—This concluded the business of the vestry.

The vestry meeting was opened in the vestry of St • Oswald's Church on Monday morning, and was then adj armed to the reading-room of the Working Mc n'e Club, when there were present—the Rev. Canon Pen" rhyn (rector and rural dean) in the chair ; the Roy, W Williains (curate) ;and Messrs. J. Swinton mat J. E. Worsley (churchwardens); P. Longton (sidesman); T. C. Shaw, W. Massey, Greenware; R. Clarke (vestry clerk), and J. Crane (parish clerk and sexton). —The accounts showed that the churchwardens commenced the year with a balance in the bank in the churchwardem'favour of £lO 4s at Easter, 1897, against a balance of £7 Eis 10d the previous year. The amount received from the offer- tory this year was £126 16s Id, against £ll2 118 8d last year, and the amount received from contributions for the clergy and parishioners, £73 4s, agairrt £72 5s 61 last year. The Reforma^rry School contributed £1 Is towards last years expen-es, making the total receipts £2Ol Is id, as against £lB4 17s 21 last year. The total expenditure this year was £lB6 13s 21, as against £174 13s 21i1ast year. The accounts having been examined and found correct, were passed, on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Shaw.—The Chairman said he had had the pleasure of appointing Mr. Swinton as his warden for a considerable number of years, but owing be age and failing health Mr. Swinton desired to retire from office. fie was happy to say that Mr. Peter Langton, the people's sidesman, had consented to be appointed as his (the rector's) warden.—Mr. Longton said he should be pleased to do his best for the church and the parish . Mr. Shaw moved, and Mr. Longton scc )nded, that Mr. Worsley be re-elected parishioners warden for the ensuing year, which was unanimously carried.— uesars. T. Warburton and W. Massey were appointed the Rector's and parish sidesmen. Mr. Longton moved, and Mr. Swinton seconded,that Me srs. T. Comber, and J. E. Worsley be re-appointed lay representatives,which was also carried. Mr. R. Clarke was re-elected vestry clerk,and Mr. J. Crane parish clerk and sexton.—& vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Swinton for his past err- vices, and Mr. Swinton suitably acknowledged it.—On the motion of the (Thai man,seconded by Mr.Worsley,the Isalary of Mr. E. Weeks, the organist and choirmaster, was raised from £25 to £3o.—The Chairman explained the Winwick Rectory Act,and the amount due from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the repairs of the church. Re also alluded to the dilapidated condition of a portion of the church which required remedying as soon as possible,when Mr. Worsley moved that the chair- man be revested to apply to the Ecclesiastical Commis- sioners for the sum of money due from them for the re- pairs of the church,as stated in the above Act,which was seconded and carried.—Mr. Worsley moved, Pnd Mr. Swinton seconded,that the best thanks of the meeting be given to Mrs. and the Misses Comber fer their handsome presentation of a richly embroidered silk altar irontal and cloth. It had taken over three years to work, and was used for the first time on ea.ster Sunday. It was proposed to insure tha cloth and case against fire kc., for the sum of £llO. The motion was unanimouslY car- ried.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JAMES'S LATCHFORD.

Th. Baiter veery m.eting wee held at men on Mon- day, ai. St. James's Courch, L the Vicar (the liev.Francis Slater) pr siding There were also present: —Mr. C. S. Burgess (vicar's warden),Mr. I. H. Warbur- ton (people's warden), and Messrs. T. Jackson, W. Eckersley, J. Astley, J. Jefferson, and T. Glreen,—Mr. Burgess presented the accounts of the wardens for the past year, showing the total receipts to have been £llO 17s 91, and the expenditure £l3l Is 4i 1, leaving a bal- ance of £2O 3s ni, due to the wardens. The general offertory realized 2.57 19s 41, the special ~ffertory £29 4s 84c1, the offertories for church expenses £8 lfis Id, the proceeds of the tea party £l4 17s ed. There was a bal- ance due to the wardens at E tster, 1897, of £52; 21. Mr. Burgess said the offirtories this year were very much less, and there was a balance due to the wardens, as he bad already stated. of £2o3s 70.—The Vicar said he thought they could account in a measure for the offer- tories being less this year by their great effort at the fancy fair, which absorbed all their cash . The accounts were then agreed to. —The Vicar said the next business was the appointment of wardens. That was, he explained, his twentieth ves- try meeting: He had to tell those present with great satisfaction that owing to an earnest entreaty on his part Mr. Burgess had kindly consented to allow his name to be submitted again as vicar's warden. (Hear, hear.) His work was certainly a record, as that would be the twelfth year he had been in office. (Hear, hear.l —Mr. Eekersley propoird the re-appointment of Mr. Warburton as people's warden, and the motion wag heartily agreed to.—Mr. Warburton said be would accept office again, although he hoped at the end of the year that both Mr. Burgess and himself would be released frem their dutlos. It was not quite fair to keep two people in office so long, and he was of opinion that some fresh blood should be introduced.—Mr. Burgess also thanked the vestry for their renewal of confidence in him. —Messrs. Venn, Cotton, Stansfi4d, Jackson, Hut-thin- ion , Astloy, Millwood, and Eckersley were re-appointed sidesmen, and Messrs. Burgess and Houghton the lay delegates to the ruri-decanal conferences.—On the mot- ion of Mr. Eekers'ey, seconded by Mr. Astley, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the wardens for their services during the past year. Mr. Bußovs responded, and said the past year had been a very arduous one, as they had to raise a large sum af money for the improvement end restoration of the church. They were not quite out of the wood, as they had to louse a considerable sum yet to fres them- selves from debt. Tney would look to the vestry to de- vise some means by which the church might be entirely freed from debt before they met at the next vestry meet- ing. (Hear. hear.) STOCKTON HEATH.

i's,eSfeaward,T.R.Wrat- The Easter vestry meeting in connection with St. Thomas' Church was held at noon on Tuesdey, under the presidency of the Rev. S.P. Grey (curateo-isti-e:Chalarrgkee).. Spencer (sexton).— There were also present Messrs. W. Richardscn (penple's F.bweraoorordke warden);, ;rlandogrobheoarsowt ;Dave! keusse,ownS ELT:. et or ,bpuaeraryii j Mr. Richardson said that Mr. E. W. Woods apologised for Lis absence from the meeting, which was the first he had missed for 17 years. The CHAIRMAN read a declaration from the Vicar (the Rev. T. S. lofts) Geminating Mr. E. W. Woods as his warden.—Mr. Richardson said he thought they should elect another people's warden. It was his opinion that there ought to be a change every three years, and he would like them to re-appoint another.—The Chairman said he should like to express his great gratitude to the parish at large and to Mr. Richardson for the support that had been given to him since he had been in the parish. It would be a matter of the great sat regret on his part if Mr. Wehardson's reeigattion were ac- cepted. He had worked for the parish disinterestedly, usefully, and helpfully. He (the chairman) would be fvoerr y sorrythe ptissrioteril and though it was a matter not for him at all.— Mr. Clarke proposed the re-election of Me. Richardson as people's warden for the ensuing year. As a parishioner he was very well satisfied with Mr. EUchardeon, whe,be believed had satisfied the parishioners all round. When they had a gentleman who had enabled the affairs of the church to be carried on so amicably it would hes a ' great mistake to change him —Mr. Richardson said he hoped they would allow him to withdraw this tiny.. He was exceedingly obliged to them for their kind words. He wished to retire this year, but if at any other time he could bed service he would be glad to accept office.— Mr. Seward seconded,and Mr. A. Dawn supported the motion.—The Chairman t WO 00 aid elect him against his will,but Ido not think it would be a kind thing to de as he could not retire without incurring a penalty of £5O. (Laughter.)—Mr. Clarke : By his not accepting it seems to plaee Us in a fix.ae we have no one else in view.—ln order to test the feelings of the parishioners a show of hands was taken on the resolution, and resulted in a unanimeus vote.—Mr. Richardson pr)testei that he was afraid he would not be able to attend as well as he had hitherto done,and he did not like to take upon him- self the duties of churchwarden when he knew he could not carry them out as satisfactorily as he ought to do.— Mr. Robert Davies said that if Mr. Richardsea could see his way to abide by the unanimous vote of the vestry,he thought he could promise him his full assistance when- ever it was required.—Mr. Clarke said there were several matters in negotiation and it would be better if Mr. Richardson stuck to the office until these were set- tled.—Mr. Richardson upon this agreed to take office. and was formally elected. He thanked the vestry for his election, and said he would endeavour to discharge his duties satisfactorily. .

Mr. RICIIA.RDSON preseeted the Rettl rit of a^eann ta and remarked that for the year ending E tster, 1898,they were on the wrong side again. The general offertories amounted' to £133 10s. 3i., and the special offertaries £B7 15s. 81. The expend i re was £261 lie. Bd., and the income, £228 93. 21., leaving £32 12s. 6L due to the churchwardens. The general offerteries were £22 5s lid loss and the special offertories, £l2 15s 11d, mere than the previous year. Last year they had a special offertory for the Indian Famine Fund,ansounting to £24 12s, and this year there was one for the Clergy Sustentation Fund of £7 16s 61. The general offertory in 1895 was £176 14s 101,this year it was £133 I.os 31, so that the general offertories were decreasing, and special offertories were increasing. The increases on the expenses side were very small, and no relief could be expected from that quarter- The offer- tories might be made up by a sale of work or a parochial tea, C r in some other way. They ought to get more from the evening congregations. The c ollectione, considering the large number that attended, were very ern%ll Mr. Pearsen had certified the accounts t) l'x3 correct. The account' of the Clergy Fund showed a total defi- ciency of £23 12s 11d—Mr. T. R. Westbr As proposed, and Mr. Norbury seconded the passing of the aceosaate, which was agreed to—Mr. Robert Davies remarked that this latter fund used to be provided by the letting ef pews, as authorised by the consecration deed, but when the church was made free it took away all the income from the letting of the pews, and he thought if some of the congregation were to think what they would have paid for the pews, and give them an equal eum, they would not be in any difficulty at all. The church- wardens knew that many people did not pay according to what they would pay thoueh they rented their pews. On the motion of Mr. RICHLRDSOIf, seconded by Mr. TIMPEEILBY, the sidesixon were re-elected : and Mr. Woods and Mr. Lee were elected lay representatives. At the instigation of Mr. TIMPFIRLRY, a lengthy die- cuseion took place on the management of the 'sick club, which was in a very flourishing cendition. Mr. Robert Davies produced new rules which he had drawn up in accordance with the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, and said that in a month or two a meeting would be called to appoint trustees, and for other matters. Mr. DAVISS proposed a vete of thanks to the past and present churchwardens, and to Mr. Gray, for their man agement of the affair's of the parish during the last 12 tnonttin.—Mr Clarke seconded,the vete was unanimously carried, and the meeting terminated. WALTON PARISH CHURCH.

The annual vestry meeting took place on Monday morning. There were present-I.—The Rev. L. J. T. Dar- wall (vicar) in the chair, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Messrs. T. S. Burgess, Cooper, Weir, Muskett. and T. Lane (organist). Mr. John Weir was absent through indis- position. The Vicar said he had exarnifted the accounts of the church expenses for till last six or seven years, and they had this year beam less than any year except 1894. They amounted to £144 ha ld, and there was a sum of 1. 10d. to the bad. Mr. Darwall re-appointed Sir G. Greens!l as his warden, Mr. John Weir was re- elected people's warden, and Newlin. Burma and Lock- hart sideliner. Two ether sideamen will be chosen by Mr. Weir.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD.

Reveren4 Joseph —dot—ales' Improved Mexican Pre. scription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weak ness, exhausted vitality, kidney or hiadder diseases gravel prostate, spinal weakness, brain fag and kindred complaints—discovered in Mexico. It has stoed the test for twenty-two years. Thousands cured. Send a self- addressed stamped envelope to JOSEPH HOLMES' REMEDY Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Square,London, and get particulars of this great Specific free. Mention whether for male or female. Genuine sufferersineed only apply. Beware of swindling imitators and ignorant ruacks.

Ilium—New white inorganic Cemen for Pottery. Pores lain, 6d. &e., and ls. postage Of Chemists.— Adot CoarPoirifis for Coughs, Colds, Asthma, and Bronchitis, Of Chemists only... Advt.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. BiRNAIAS.

The annual vestry ineetieg in connection with St. Barnabas' Church was held on Tuesday night. The chair was occupied by the Vicar (Rev. George Allton), and there were present : Meesrs. Looker, R. T. Smith, Elwardson, Proud, Clarke, Mucklow, Bailey ; and Mr. T. S. Steel, for Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins (vestry clerk).— The Vicar submitted the accounts, from which it ap- peared that the expenditure and inco no were the same namele, £5l 9s 40. He remarked that he was very thankful to say that they had been ahla to pay their way again. Mr. Smith, Mr. Looker, and himself bad been striving hard to obtain a clear balance sheet, and he was glad that they had accomplished it. He hoped that the parishioners would give a little more liberally in order that they might carry out certain improvements which were needed. The offertory during the year had increased a little, being about £3 more than last year. Referring to the work of the year, he said the workers were deserving uf all praise for the manner in which they had laboured. He also complimented the noir on its efforts, and remarked that sense members had been connected with it for 13 years. The work of the year had been very satisfactory and they had had a nice coin- fertable year.—The Vicar nominated Mr. Trevett as his warden. He said Mr. Looker had been his warden for eleven years, and this year he was retiring. It had been agreed that Mr. Gerard should be Mr. Trevett's sides- man.On the motion of Mr. Edwardson, seconded by Mr. Bailey, Mr. R. T. Smith was re-elected people's warden. He nominated Mr. Billinge as his sides:nen. The other sidesmen elected were Messrs. N. Clarke, John Edward- son, J. Garton, and J. Hall wood.—Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins was elected lay representative to the diocesan and ruri- decanal conferences.—A vote of thanks was passed to the church office s, on the motion of Mr. Bailey. Mr. Jenkins was re-elected vestry clerk, and he was thanked for his services.—Mr. Steel, replying on behalf of Mr. Jenkins, said the latter gentleman was sorry he could not attend, but the Vicar's letter notifying him of the meeting only reached him that day at noon, and he had a prier engagement which he could not forego. HOLY TRINITY CHURCH.

The vestry meeting in connection with Holy Trinity Church was held on Tuesday evening. Toe Vicar (the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton) presided. The receipts were reported to be £304 Us 8d and the excimses £299 19s 81, leaving a balance in hand of £4 123. Toe ac- counts of the Weedill Charity were also submitted, and passed.—The Vicar re-appointed Mr. Robort Byerley as his warden and the parishioners re-appointed Mr. W. J. Forshaw to represent them.—The following si desmen were appointed s—Messrs. Thomas Welsby, John Hat- ton, James Dunbobin, R. W. Rowson, Edward Booth, Edward Rose, John H. Halton, James Harding, John Gerrard, James Colledge, George F. F. White, and Cox ; Messrs. R. W. Howson and H. J. Westbrook were re- appointed lay rerresentativest, Mr. George F. F. White vestry clerk, and Mt. W. H. Harrison the auditor.—The Vicar proposed a vote of thanks to the churchwardens fir their services during the past year, and vmarked that the church had been very we'l served by Messrs. Bverley and Forshaw. Thanks were also due to the choir and organist, and especially to Mr. Percy Randall, for his kindness and attention. They could not have a more conciliatary and agreeable man for the position, and harmony existed in the choir and everywhere else ; and a choir were a body amongst whom harmony did not always exist, except during service time.—Mr. Row- son seconded, and the motion was heartily agreed to.— Mr. Byerley said they all seemed to work in unison, and that was very pleasant. They had excellent workers in the Vicar and Mrs. Carloton, who were always doing good to those by whom they were surrounded.—Mt.For- shaw also responded, and observed that if his services had bean of any benefit to tha parish the p trish was per- fectly welcome to them. He thanked the meeting for their kind expression of thanks.—Mr. Randall also res- ponded, and said that the choir and himself did their best to make the services go off as smoothly and as at- tractivelv as possible.—The meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to Mr. Carleton for presiding. GRAPPENHALL.

The annual vestry meeting in connection with the Grappenhall pariah was held in the Parish Church ves- try on Tuesday. There were present the Rev. Richard Greanall (in the chair). Messrs. Lister Kaye,E. Leyland, A. Dakin,T. W. Jones,and J. Manoering.—The expenses amounted to £231 and tho collections to £22l,wkich left a deficit of £lO. The accounts were passed. The fol- lowing were re-appointed officers of the church,Mr. Ley- land, rector's warden; Mr. Kaye, people's warden ; and Messrs. Jones and Dakin, sideamen. ST. ANN'S. . .

The vestry was lie—ld-o.nTuesday night in St. Ann's Church, Winwick-road. The Vicar (the Rev. J. Davies) presided, and there were also present :—The Rev. P. j. Byrne (curate), Messrs. S. Naylor, A. Owen, Bunch, Bretherton, Harrison, F. Taylor, Podmore, S. Dykes, Mc- Coilomr Quarter-Master Sergeant Taylor, Armstrong,and H. Woods (vestry clerk).—The Chairman in a brief re- view of the past year, said they had special services in connection with the celebrntion of the Diamond Jubilee of the Queen. The event was duly marked by giving a treat to the Sunday and day school schelars. As a paro- chial memorial to mark the jubilee, they were trying to raise funds to build a vicarage. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners said they were unable to receive the application. He hoped, however, they would see their way to assist them during the coming spring. He was willing to make another applicatioa, and he hoped they would get together £7OO. It was necessary to put their shoulders together if they wanted to raise the money they needed, which was £1,500. The heating apparatus in the church was now in perfect condition. He was thankful to be able to say that they had worked har- moniously together, and also thankful for the help that had been given by Messrs. Naylor and Winter, the churchwardens. The absence of Mr. Winter was un- avoidable, as he was in America, and he had received a telegram from him saying that he had safely arrived in Boston after p pleasant voyage. The income for the year amounted to £lO9 odd, and the expenditure £los,which left a balance of more than £3 in hand.--The a-counts were passed.—The following were appointed officers for the ensuing year :—Vicar's arden, Mr. Owen ; peoplee warden, Mr. G. Armstrong ; sidesrnen, Messrs. Brother - ton and Harrison, in addition to those who were appoin- ted last year • and lay representatives, Quarter-Master Sergeant Taylor and Mr. F. Taylor.—The Vicar thanked those who had assisted him in the parish work diving the year.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
STRETTON.

The vestry meeting was held in the schoolroom on Raster Monday evening. The Vicar (the Rev. the Hon. C.F. Cross) presided. The Vicar nominated Mr. Thomas Ditchfield as his warden ; and on the motion of Mr. Hugh Darbyshire, seoonded by Mr. Peter Leather, Mr. Ralph Tickle was elected people's warden. Mr.Ditchfield appointed Mr. Rutter to act as his sideaman and Mr. Tickle appointed Mr. Renshaw. The church accounts for the past year were presented and passed (showing. a balance on the right side on the motion of Mr. Whit- ley, seconded hy Mr. Rutter. On the preposal of Mr. Ditchfield, seconded by Mr. Tickle, the vestry meeting resolved that a hearty vote of thanks be given to the Ladies' Committee for the pains and care they had taken in the adornment and enrichment of the Parish Church. Mr. J. Darbyshire proposed, and Mr. Rutter seconded, that a hearty vote of thanks be given to the church- wardens for their services during the past year, which was acknowledged by Mr. Ditchield and Mr. Tickle. Votes of thanks were also passed to the sidesmen and Thar. The usual dinner was held at the at and Lion ardor ng.

At the Derbyshire Quarter Sessions on Weduesday,Mr, Claverbouse Graham, so well known throughout the country for his work in connection with Friendly Socie- ties Qeneral and d Pen-ions in particular took the oath on his aroointrnent as a Justice of the Peace for tho Contr.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
are the only pills to take Hood' s Pills with Hood's Sarsaparilla.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
"BY

AP!'OIINTIVIENT TO

THE PEOPLE."

THE HOUSE OF COMMONS, The Chosen Representatives of the People, HAVE CHOSEN

===== 0002601_18980415_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BONDS' TEA

BEFORE ALL OTHERS For every-day use in their Honourable House. The Honourable Members,_ the elected of the People,

must have -known that

2,000,000,

===== 0002601_18980415_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO MILLIONS

OF

THE PEOPLE have been drinking

===== 0002601_18980415_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
z rooke, z ands' Tea

every day for many years and. thus MP's must have realised that in that fact they have the best possible guarantee of the quality of

===== 0002601_18980415_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BROOKE, BONDS'

OUR

===== 0002601_18980415_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
TRUE TEA

at

is a marvel for the money, and it's

===== 0002601_18980415_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA.

10d.

FOR THE PEOPLE

so it is sold by nearly Thirty Thousand Agents. Yes,

===== 0002601_18980415_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
30,000 AGENTS.

BROOKE BONDS' AGENTS ARE EVERYWHERE, and every packet of Brooke, Bonds' Tea they sell, is put up, sealed, and certified at our Headquarters in the four cities of London, Manchester, Leeds, and Bradford. Thus, every buyer of Brooke, Bonds' Tea is guaranteed his moneysworth.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
" TRUE TEA"

is so cheap, you can afford to be generous to the tea-pot.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BONDS'

AGENTS

also sell all of Brooke, Bonds' long-celebrated teas at the well-known prices of

11-,

1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 21-, 2/4 and 2/8 a lb.,

and so, suit all The People's purses.

BROOKE, BOND & Co..

LD

===== 0002601_18980415_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA MERCHANTS BY APPOINTMENT TO

THE PEOPLE,

fhe Lancashire Tea Warehouses :

17, PICCADILLY, and 12 & 14, LONG MILLGATE, MANCHESTER; And at LONDON, LEEDS, and BRADFORD.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I'

===== 0002601_18980415_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SWIMMING CLUB.

The following matches have been arranged in the Liverpool and district Water Palo League :- 1,112,T DIVIP/ON. May 26 Sefton June 2 *Preston away June 7 Sefton June 28 Brertoa July 19 St. Helens Aug. 17 Everton Aug. 23 St. Helens Sept. 6 *Preston borne *Friendly matches. SECOND DIVISION. May 20 White Star home May 26 Sefton 2nd away May 28 Southport June 7 Sefton 2nd J home June 15 Wigan June 22 White Star away June 28 Everton 2nd home July 5 Southport July 19 St. Helens 2nd home Aug. 17 Ererton 2nd , ug. 23 St. Helena 2nd Sept 6 Wigan The club has again secured one of the semi-final matches in the Northern Counties Cup Competition and this will take place at one of the galas at the end of summer. The polo team will take part in this competition and also in the Lancashire County Competition, while other members will engage in lite-saving and squadron racing contests, &c. Mr. T. Locker again captains the club and a very 61111- cessf ul season is anticipated.

h, Bova! Laundresses ay r..`ritatLey s " SVinOrt &LOU is uneetalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen. &c., either cold or boiling writer starch. Mr.—. Corn. waP says :—" My wife will not &nigh our linen without your Starch Gloss.' Prom Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— lam pleased to Inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d.. by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CSITCHLS Blackburn. Proprietor.— A dvt.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " eTamintr" OerttO 01 LAIC OMR AND CHESHIRE COUNTY BEWSPEPIRS: Comprises 'THE Warrington and lifid-ChesAire Examiner, pub' 1 lished every Saturday morning. TEarlestourn and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. T. St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning PIMPAID ADVBETISENNITTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO RE LET, STIVATIONIS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIEIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT bIISCELLiNEOUS WANTS, HOBBES AND OTHER PBEMISES TO BE LRT OR SOLT. One Three Eix ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 Q. Si ... is 10d 3$ Od '36 is Od ... 25 64 ... 4$ Od 45 ............ le 3d ... 31 Id ... be Od 64 be above charges are for Pitkoxrmicitx only No Advertise ment insertedon credit under 25. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
lomtstlr berbantg, &t.

WANTED SERVANT for kitchen work.—Mrs. Enowraes, Old Farm, Appleton, Warringtm.

WANTED, COOK, excellent situation, small family; wages £24. Miss linnsox's Registry, Irlam-street. Warrington.

WANTED, WAITRESS, good situation, gentleman's family, wages £2o.—Bliss HUDSON'S Registry, Irlam- street, Warrington.

WANTBD, experienced HOUsBMAID Wikinoss ; wages £lB.—Nlrs. H. HALLSWORTE, Registry. 37. Orme-street, Oldham.

WAIITHD, GEMBRAL, for family of two; no w ashln wages £lB.—Apply Miss Iluosox's Registry. Iriam street. Warrington.

"Vi7ANTRD, respectable UIRL for housework, age 15 to 16; one from country preferred.— 72, BRIOZTON-STREEr, Seacombe, Cheshire.

V an Experienced GENERAL, good referenoes required—Mrs. STRINGFELLOW, Park House, Boclee- toa Park, Prescot.

NsTANTBD, for the Ist of May, a plain COOK and HOUSBMAID-WAITUBSS. Apply Mrs. CARTER, Sversley, Frodsham.

VV respectable GIRL as General, aged 18; ono used to children preferred.—BIRIERNEMAD ABMS, Cliester-street, Birkenhead.

WANTBD experienced GERSRAL, to wash and iron, excellent situation. wages £lB. Miss It lIDSON'S Registry, Irlam-street Warrington.

------ WATTED, small family (no children), rospesctable, strong country GIRL; good washer.—lftse Manz, Tine Tree Villas, Nautwich-road. Crewe.

_ WdlifTßD, Rood reBNBRALS and HOWSBMAID- WAITRESSBB for Altrinebam and Kantsferd.—Biss Dowsins, Bazaar Registry. Knutsford.

WA.IITAD, good SHAVAN2 WOMAN for farmhouse ; ~able to milk.- Ars. EZYNOLDS, 31ess Hall Farm, Bren-lone. Burscongh, near Orraekirk.

WINT WD a COOK G 191.114 UAL axe not oyer 25; wages £lB ; part washing.—Apply with ref inwnews to J. IV. Iliaspz• 9, Tithebarn-stratit. Liverpool. ;

WANTnE), goad MINIMAL, comfortable how), with re.pectablo fantily.--Apply, with reference., B.LiTOwTEBBAce, Husholme. Manchester.

(AARDICNI3II, desires SITU&TION, 13 years' experience 1-1 vines, peaches, vegetables, &c. ; age 31, single.—H. RAYMOND, liaesten. Wnitchurch, Shropshire.

WARVID, respectable GIRL. age 17; must be fend of children ; ref erenees required; wages 12s. per month. —29, ALDERSON-SOAP, Smith iown-road, Li rerpool.

- WANTBD Thoroughly good plain COOL age abont LB ; Protestant ; good rderonces indisponsablo ; state wages.—Apply Mrs. PELLZEB, Norwood. Accrington. _

-- WANTED. May lst, HOUSEMAID, not under 25 good sewer; cook and 2 lasusonsaids kept; character India- peasable.—fdrs. GOT?, 1, Parkftski-road, Manniughaca, Brad- ford.

iiTANTRD Situation by Young Lady as HOU3SIMPIifi V to gentleman where help is kept, or to assist a lady. Address Miss C., 95, Melbourne Terrace. Peru-street, Sal- ford.

WANTRD, GENERAL, i..tile to wash and iron ; also NUaiSR-TIOUSIIMAID ; age 2Q; fond of children ; isharacter indispensable. —Yrs. A. LYbui, Fir Tree MlLower Ines, Wigan. NVANTED. respectable GENERAL SERVAN r, about 17; must have good character. washing. small family. If by te particulars or after 5.---Mrs. PIIILLIPII, 1, Latham lir ow. ligreniont, Cheihire.

- • GENBILIIS WANTHD for Blackpool. Southport. ets. ()iris desirous of o6telning good attentions are receoa- mended to apply ta the szomar REQISTRY. 169. Bort Presto', ene,osiug stamped envelope.

Winnal an experienced NUESH. of good ckaracter, for baby 3 montos old ; age not more than 25 ;wages £l6; comfortable henna. Cook and Honermaid-Waitresa kept.— Apply J. W. MARSDEN, 9. Tithebarn-street, Liverpool.

---s- , - ----- NI A.LB and FIRMALN NURSES IIiPsTITUTION, 70, Hope- i., 1 street. Liverpool.—Bstablished 1878.—For rsliabl• Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Mamie, apply or telegrsph.—•• Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone, 670 _ , __— young COOKS, to receive training in -- WlNcToolliPin' several gseavrefirst class Cookinz School, and gain certi- ficates ladies willing to pay for training while in situations ; also house parlourmaids required.—Apply B , School of Domestic BiIOTIOMy, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
to bt Ett.

riNKBIII.--Clottages 41. 9d., 3a, 61. and 2a. Ed. per we. k. 7, CATHHitliall-STRIIBT, 6 roomed honse, rent 46. 3d. 29, PRIM STItERT. rent ss. 64. Apply SOIIHRT LOWE Notate Agent. No. 1, Bank-street, War- rington. Teleplione—N• 55.

rll7- LIS r.—LLEGH ROOM, Leon-I -street ; rent MO Apply ANNTON AND WOODS, Sollaitors, Horseoaarket-st., Warr inten. _ 9'lo LET. SHOP, wlth LRGO HOOM over, In OrforiTst:, J. relit £ 3.—ADely AANToN AND WOODS, Solicitors iiorlO- Market-street. 9110 HILIT, No. 31, Hawthorn Villas, and Ho. 35, Labor- nem Villas. Folly-lane, Bewsey • the p easantest part w.rrinzt,,,,a,—Apply,TßE FOLLY. Bewsey.

-•- - raxrington. _

---------- HOESE TO LET, WILDERSYOOL ; Bay-windows; two sitting-rooms ; kitchen ; and other conveniences.- 4r1111,1y Bowrocx- 13"°r•/. oo fiET,—WAILEHL USE STABLE with rooms over. and large yard attached; rent £2s.—Apply MINTON AND WOODS, Solicitors,llorsesnarkat-street, Warrington. PRIMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-atreet.— Apply AI-11TM .1.7:(1) Woone, Solicitors, Horsemaskst-st., Warrington. —_ Excel'

ITEMSTON. Ilent and pleasant DWBLLING- 110USB ; two gardens ; near statloa ; rent moderate. 11. BADINORTI, 41, Corporation-street, Manchester,

QILVBBLIALTI, 1 oar Carratorth.—To be Let, faentlewomaa's 1,3 wendurnished cottage : two sitting and four bed- r 001:Pe ; piatio.—Adlresa Corraoe, 56, Shrewshury-road, Birkenhead.

TV Let, with immediate possession, Two large Warehouse back Bates tt Co's, Market Square, close toetatlea ; capital for storieg.—Apply, H. CAPSET, Bluebell House, Wellington. Salop.

SHOP AND HOUSE TO LET, Rylands-street ; Imitable for Millinery or Woollen Draper ; 4 bedroom', dining room, cellar, kitchen. waahhouse. yard. and We.; good thoroughfare; rent £3o.—Apply 14, U.auto-sr., Warrington .

===== 0002601_18980415_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Iflatbuitrp, etc.

.42T. GRORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITND (late Ormerod IJ Griersou, and Co' Limited).lme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHIM. and PULLBY PAT- TERNS inthe tra,te, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Hngineering Work promptly. Catalogueof wheel and pulley ce.tterns on appli- Oetion.—Teleeleose 223.

I T WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUT DlRECT.—There- fore. Telephone " Avenue 5,891." or Telegraph " Subas- trill, London" (A.B.C. Code used or write THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL 00..19 and 20,WATER-LANE.GREAT TOWER-STREET LONDON, 8.0. The Best and Ciseapest NON-CORROSIVE MACHINERY and ENGINE OILS js 'AA World. send for FREE ORDER NORM and PRICE LIST. IT WILL PAT YOU.

THB WARRINGTON GAS LNGINB —For superiority Of design, efficiency of working, simpliAty of valve arrangement, and freedom from delicate mechanism, the ne IS pra-eminent. Intending purchasers would do above engi ing elsewhere, to tee this engine working 2 well before buy N.H.p.. 0,?.. and v. stock- Gas kingine repairs undertaken by experienced workmen.—B. FORMAW AND Sox, fingineers, Boilermakers, Iron and Brass Founders, Warrington. _

pATBNI OFF lON 11ARC/3118TR u. HSTABLIIMED IX 1835. Yessrs.GEORGS DAVIS' a SON have ha 4 more In., 4t Years' personal experience in connection with this Bstabileh nient, and possess praeticalknowledgeof the cotton, Woollen, and teen manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law; price Bd. __" Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. ESSOBOIS DAVIES, C.B. SON. P.1.P.A., 4' BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANOMETER.

PECBETT AND So s, LOCoidonvii !MINH HIIILDBBB BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 ta 10 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. lull particulars oa appliaation

fLoitls, *lptiriao, 3Soarbiwy, 4Ntatz.

apartmentss, & Surnisbeb Jiousts.

Sstadto, VitstittOtO, tu.

QOUTHPORT.—WARDROBE BUSINESS for imraoAlate iJ Disposal through 111-health.-213, KINO-STARET, lioata- Port.

OOD DRESSMAKING and Drapery Business TO BE 1.3 DISPOSED OF, owing to Illness.-294, CHKETHAM HILL-ROAD, Manchester.

fIONFECTIOIgERY DUSINHSS to be Disposed of; • doing kJ good trade. Health cause of giving up—Apply TRAM TERMINUS. Pemberton. near Wigan.

TRIED FISH and CHIPS. Ranges and Potatee Peelers; _U also Shop on Wheels.—MAßNOT'B New 24 page Illustrated list free.-61. Lever-strest.. Manchester.

CIOOD HMI/CMGS at home by the HARRISON PATENT KNirrINO MACHINES.-48, UPPER BROOE-STRZET, elester.

C— ARDENBII 'WANTS JOBBING WORK. by day •r contract ; experitneed. —J. WILLIAMS, 606, aoCkPert Bead, Lengshight, Manchester.

\AT All TEM, Englishmen to beoomo their own Landlords. Don't pas, rent.—lnfermatton gratis from Hlool'l9 12,1uxbridge-terrace, Preston,

yOUNG MAN WANTED. 355. per week and eommissioa ; regular work ; splendid opening. Address COMP° Violas, Farnworth, Bolton. Lancs.

INDIARUBBER and GUTTA PEI:IORA WASTR of all kinds wanted for oast], best prices given.—Write 8. J. KIRKHAM AND Co., 27. King-street. Lirerpoel.

A 31BRICAN ORGANS, Jewellery, watches, pipes, toys, II hardware, Age ts wanted. Buyer's Wholesale Guide free, write M3MAY MAY. Merchant, Birmingham.

POBACCONISTS Commencing. - Bee Hid. Guide (259 _L pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting 00..1.86,Eu5t0n-rd., London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr. H.MXER.

ftblttau

4171 OW lo .82431.01.14 11 hAL rnedical work giv- _L ing Prescription. and Instructions for the cure of all kinds (,f Debility ; post free two starnps.—Address Messrs. BARNES. 48. Lonsdale Square. Harnsbury, London, N.

EVERY gill SUFFERING from Nervous and Physical Debility should send for a valuable pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent sealed, post free. _

B. IlediTON, 69, & 60 Chancery Lane, London. W.O. listaoliahed 36 Year'.

Sakti bp 13nbate Ertatp.

Sii/4D YOUR OLD FALSE TEETH to ANDREW WALKER 454, Obester-road, Old Trafford; best price given ; cash sent Caine day.

6411DRACTICAL MINTS on writing for the Press." by Ji_ JOSEPH LAMB, Mill Hill. Lin:idol:l, (London : Brad- bury. Agnew Is. net).

Rll BUMAT I S M AND GOUT.—Particulars of cheap simple and AND cure, P.O. ss.—Lanartm, 67, Trent Boulevard, Nottingham.

DENTA. for STOPPPIa DIIOAYHD and HOLLOW TEETH ; a child can apply it; price 70.-A. H. TIIOIIIER, 29, Fenchurch-ttreet, London.

MOUSTLCHIOS, easily produced, valuable and Genuine Recipe ; Beat sealed under COVet ; 7 stanops.—FElNg SvEarsittreaa, Whittington Moor, CLesterisid.

SAUL LANCA.SHIRR MANITREI WORK!) at Widn es N. 3 with Machinery and 24,420 yards freehold land.—Ad. dress to J. HOBILINCI 16, Fenwlek-streat, Liverpool.

BTONISHINO I HALFPBNNY PACEET9 i— Six Li. Samples from 258 Choicest Flowerriand Vegetables 4d. List.—WORSPOLD. Bushey grove Road, Watford.

20s. to Ms a weak ean be earned on the "Original" FOS- TBR PATHNT KNITTHR ; knits stockings, socks, ac.—Write dlatrs FOSTER, Maker, Friargate, Preston.

souniponT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET, Adjoining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Station THE OLDHST HSTABLISHRD RESTUAIIANT in the Town. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, SOUTHPORT.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980415_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AP.RIL l5, 1898.

Oalto ny Rtutton.

egg, poultry, Scr.

IVIIITE LEGHORN EGGS, pure bred,3B,Bd. doz..earriage pakt.—Drwax, Chesterton, Bridgnorth.

EGGS from White LEGHORN% 2e. Bd. Bitting; unfertiles replaced —CALvEnT, 166 Manchester-road, Accrington.

MISS LOBEL RIGBY, 24, BRIDGE SMEET, wAuRINGTON, BOUQUET, SPRAYS, FLORAL BASK TS, FLORAL EMBLEMS, Szc.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
MADE TO ORDER Ir; TILE LATE.,:T

LONDON STYLES.

D 2 FOR A LETTER OF TWENTY LINES, ALSO £2 FOR FOUR VERSES. We will give £2 for four verses of not more than eight lines each, or for a letter of not more than twenty lines, describing a spring cleaning. What we consider the beet and cleverest verses, and the best letter, will each be awarded £2. they must be sent, post paid, on or before 30th April, 1898, and accompanied by a receipt for something used for spring cleaning, booght at any of the branches of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. You will get a receipt for everything you buy at the shops of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. For addresses in your town see below. Two or mere sets of verses or two or mere letters will be accepted from one sender, but each set must be aooempanied by a separate receipt. The decision of the Manager of the competition must be accepted as final. Write Plainly and give your Address. ADDRESS your letter to— MR. BPRING CLEANER, Care of BOOTS, Cash Chemists, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
TUB FOLLOWING GAINED THE RZ PRIZE LAST

'THAR. FROM MRS. ANNIE JACKSON, NORTHAMPTON. 'Twee time for the dreaded spring cleaning, And oh, how my heart did grieve. For my husband was looking sulky, And the servant gave notice to leave. The baby had got the measles. But for that we might not delay, For had noi our rich old maiden aunt Said she was coming to stay. Spring cleaning must therefore be done at once. For her eyes, though old, were keen, And even the tiniest speck of dirt Or cobweb would surely be seen. So no wonder I felt downhearted At the thought of Bo much to be done, And tears gather'd fast till a bright idea Diapered them as mist before sun. Row could I have been so stupid As forget what' Boots" could do, To their atom then I quickly hurried. Spending a shilling or two; Then home again just as quickly. With" Gold Paint "and bright Varnish Stain." " Wills' Cleansing Cloudy Ammonia V. hich never yet let dirt remain. And now all the work is ended, We are clean as a bright new pin, " Furniture Cream" has polished, And " Soft Soap " been well rubbed in. With such wonderful help the servant No longer at leaving moots ; But, best of all, auntie will leave us her cash. Thanks to the " Cash Chemists, Boots." OPRING CLEANING. N. need to smother your rooms with stuffy carpets No need of French polishers Everything may be done decently and in order by the • lady of the house; USE BOOTS' VARNISH STAINS which give a brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany. &c. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Price 40., Bd. and Is. td. per bAtle. MORGAN'S GOLD & SILVER PAINT As used by Cabinet Makers. Gliders and Decorators. HMI the original brightness of Gold, easy of apOioatien, and unrivalled in appearance. BOOTS reduced price, is. bottle for 70.

WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA, Reduced price, 10d. per bottle. HOUSEMAID'S GLOVES. WASH LEATHERS. FURNITURE CREAM, SOFT SOAP, VARNISH STAINS, BRUNSWICK BLACK. &c., .%c., &a. of the best quality are sold at the lowest prices. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS.

Local Addresses :

3' a, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

180 at L IVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, IHRMIN3HAM, &a

COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS

1/4, 1/6, & 1/10 PER LB.

are admitted to be TRH BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED TO THE

PUBLIC. COOPER AND SAUSAGES

• ARE UNEQUALLED FOR FLAVOUR AND GENERAL EXCELLENCE OF QUALITY.

COOPER A,:\ D SMOKED HAMS ARE THE.FINEST PROCURABLE. EVERY HAM GUARANTBSD.

Fully Detailed Price List of TEAS, GROCURIBS AND PROVISIONS. Free on Application.

Central Warehouses—

GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDONL

Warrington Branch- 4, BUTTERMARKET-STREET,

AND IS ALL THE CHIEF CITIES ;AND TOWNS IN THEnKINC/DO5l.

Im. some respects the northern Temperance kingdoms of Sweden and Norway I Reform.

may be justly described as the pioneers of the temperance movement. In those countries the now celebrated Gothenburg system of dealing with the liquor traffic had its origin and has had its most instructive trial. This system has now passed through its experimental stage, and it has in the opinion of almost all observer° been a decided success. It has not entirely abet" ished the use of intoxicating drinks—that was not what it aimed at—but it has undoubtedly greatly reduced the vice of drunkenness in both INorway and Sweden. In Norway, where the democracy rules in deed as well as in name,a trial lof a more extreme kind of temperance reform has been made more recently. This atest experiment really consists of the total abolition of the drink traffic in several centres of population. A correspondent of the "Times" has given a report of the results from his own point of view. So far as can be judged this correspondent treats his subject with a reasonable amount of impartiality. At all events it is clear that he is not biassed on the side of temperance, reform. Yet he completely justifies the Gothen- burg system of licensing. On the other hand, however, he makes up for this concession to the temperance side by the vigour of his con- demnation ef the legislative attempts to enforce total abstinence. It may be here explained that he deals entirely with Norway, of which country he claims to have had twenty-five years experience. His description of the good that has resulted from the establishment of the Gothenburg system will encourage temperance people to believe that some improvements may yet be affected in this country. Wien this- system was enforced the sale of spirits by individuals was abolished, and the traffic in that particular commodity was placed in the hands of a company whose object is not wholly of a conv- mercial character. This company is prevented by law from earning more than five per cent, on the sale of spirits. All profits in excess of that have to be distributed for the public benefit. In Sweden these profits are used for the reduction of local rates. In Norway they are rather differ- ently allocated, part being given to philanthropic and educational institutions, and part to tem• perance societies. In the town of Bergen, for instance, both the local Total Abstinence Society and the Good Tempters derive pecuniary benefit from the sale of spirits. Last year, however some changes were made in the method of distributing the profits. It was thought that the companies had too much money to dispose of over anti above their five per cent, and they wer partially disendovred. Sixty-five per cent of the profits were taken by the Government, 15 per cent. were handed over to the municipalities, and only 20 per cent left to; the companies to distri- bute. Now as to the result of the system frore the temperance point of view. According to the correspondent referred to, it has led to a verl great decrease of drunkenness. The rules for the sale of spirits are exceedingly strict and no person under eighteen years of age is per.nitted to enter the dramshops. Early closing and Sunday closing are enforced to an extent that is unknown else' where. But, we are further told, the temperance party has now gone farther and fared worse. TO total abstinence party is strong in Norway-1 country where the people are highly educated se' thoroughly accustomed to manage their own affair°

—and they have demanded and obtained a rigP of local option. It was enacted that in every tow') where a company existed the inhabitants—no and women—should have the right to say by Ote whether the sale of spirits should be put an end fA)

I.

altogether. The new system is being introduce gradually, but at the first elections in 1896, the abolitionists secured sweeping victories. The ecioapanies, or Samlags as they are called in Norway-, were abolished in sixteen out of twenty-two towns. Bet the results have, it is "ged, not answered the expectations of the abolitionists. In three of the largest towns whore the dram-shops have been entirely removed drunkenness has increased instead of diminished. This deterioration in public virtue is ascribed to two causes. The abolition of the legal sale of Spirits has—and in all this we are simply quoting the "Times" correspondent—led to the establish- tent of illicit stills from which people are supplied :With the potent intoxicant. It has also led to an Increased consumption of a kind of port wino known as " laddevin." This wine is "made in Germany" and seems to be extraordinarily effica- cious in producing intoxication. What is still 3:core deplorable, "laddevin" is said to have great attractions for the rising generation. Being a sweet liquor it appeals to the youthful taste, and the increase of drunkenness amongst the young is Said to be particularly noticeable. This then is the gist of the report of the "Times" correspond- ent. Temperance reformers will note with satis- faction the complete admission that restrictions tTon the liquor trade such as those imposed by the Gothenburg system have the effect of de_ Creasing drunkenness. That in itself is some- thing to the good, and should have some in- thience on the struggle for temperance reform Which is always proceeding in this country. The allegations against prohibition look, it is true, a.erious enough as they stAnd, but they need sift- tag. There may be, and doubtless is, something to be said on the other side which the " Times"

correspondent has not thought it worth while to Zention. Total abolitionists will no doubt be able and ready to defend their own cause, and 'When they have formulated their reply, the public • Itill be able to judge between the two parties. This much is clear. Restrictions upon the liquor trade of a fairly stringent character have de- cidedly good results, and few people will deny that there is room for large improvements in that respect in this country.

THE country is threatened with Another Little War, the outbreak of another little war, the scene of the disturbance 011 this occasion being Sierra Leone, tho oldest of Our West African colonies. Disorder and blood- shed seem to be rampart in that portion of the Empire at the present moment, and there is al- ready some talk of despatching an expeditionary force of white soldiers. Official incompetence and 'nal-administration are mentioned as the causes of the outbreak. The slaves of the big chiefs in the country at the back of the colony have been emancipated and they have been put into Uniform and endowed with the authority of Policemen. They have, as might have been ex- Noted, wretchedly betrayed the trust that was reposed in them. The unfortunate natives have been so atrociously treated that they have risen Ua rebellion and in some cases are leaving their Villages andseeking a refuge in French territory. Another act of official stupidity is the imposition of a hut tax, an impost against which the Sierra Leonean black man seems to have an almost su- perstitious objection. The consequences of all this bungling are deplorable. The very consider- able trade in which Liverpool and Manchester are ePecially interested is for the time being ruined. Ihe only remedy for these ills which the Colonial °ince at home appears to have yet thought about le the consignment of fifty tons of war material to Sierra Leone, but it is quite obvious that 15°Imething besides small arms ammunition is re- quired to meet this particular case.

PI It is gratifying that the local Art and *lldustrial Exhibition now at 'a close, has tl44ed off, successfully. But has it fully real- (.fld the original intention, as first suggested by the c44taber of Commerce? We think not. It is not 1....1.111337 means a representative exhibition, or cer- rua manufactures, which Warrington has beez,and so well known for, would have been exhibited. Amere is no doubt that the greatest difficulty to con- With, has been want of space, and in this con- heCtiOn it is quite a debatable point whether in "raitting so many exhibitors who are not actual 111. anufacturers the best has been made of these li.raitations. Without entering into any further par- ticulars we may point out that it is desirable,should linother exhibition be held, that it should be as representative as possible.

"The Most Interesting House in Warrington" is the title of a pamphlet writtsn by Mr. H. Stuart Page, of Warrington ,and just issued by the Sunrise Publishing Company. The house referred to is of course the Old Academy, which far many years has been hidden from the public gaze by what has been larailiarly known as Marsh's shop in Bridge-st. The demolition of the shop premises has brought the 4Cademy once more to the front of the street, and " its fate still bangs in the balance,the issue of the P4rophlet may be considered most opportune. It is 'written with a local patriot's enthusiasm for the tiatoric house, and he pleads earnestly for its pre- servation. He passes in review the eminent persons 'Who have been associated with the Academy, and Proceeds to suggest a scheme for converting the Academy into a Local Literary Museum for the Preservation of our local literature. He says it blight contain the local books, which number over Vivo thousand, the local prints and portraits, and 4130 the literary relics, of which there are many in the Museum. As an alternative scheme it suggested that the building might be made .;":e headquarters of a society having for object the encouragement of every form of 46cal literary and artistic effort. Both schemes n4eiertl feasible, but, of course,the inevitable question 't Coat comes in. Is the Corporation prepared to 1:431 the cost of maintenance ? There cannot be the tehlUotest chance slit being made "to pay," but still benefits which might be derived are not to be Zessured in the Xs. d. scale. The monuments of totirtington's past are few in number, and they are "I:Melly becoming lees year by year, and we be- ar' 6 it would be both injudicious and show a lack Ruud taste if this building so rich in memories Should be placed under the hammer for the price of t b(lrid-hand building material.

E A FNE SS

READ NOISES, EAR DISOLIARGES, C. " IZONRNR " (Regd.). and permanent cure for DIIILIPNRSS and Ear and its various tributaries, from what-

effectuak

ever ses of thf CallBo arisiul

tG•h TRU 9 Cure Irnflam m t4olt tei ;ti.l7,1e endd ti e$ hr t, guar g_ ittin' ur ‘ s eyeryeures, ee tr ot thin Packnt°r 3,e" 'Bl Tj RC A"dc18111 "IZO.

lg. BLINDNESS. " IZONENE " EYE REMEDIES, Cataract, Dimness of Vision, Weak Sight, -1, Watery Eyes, Epecks, Ulcers, &c. Mild and soothing in their applieation, difying in their operation. Ilave stood the tera of a century, and are daily performing 3. lzonene" triumphs (with old or young) sg falls. One trial proves their efficacy. ,pedal remedies, price 2s 94., forwarded post pecial directions for use accompany each 'SS to the proprietors only— NENE " ERMRDY COMPANY, YORK USE, PARK-STREET, LEEDS.

naatfon,

;Pedal

FUR.—SKIN RUGS Dressml. Cleane I, awl Lilted Fur nlterattons of every dlsariotion. B. Oolz Manufacturing Furrier, 21, Rensiuw-atreet, Liverpool. riB- - 24 years.

DELICIOUS MAZ AWATT HE , DELICIOUS MAZ AWATTEE. DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE. DELICIOUS MAZAWAT IDE . Dainty. Pure - Refreshing.

Soil by H/NRY Mtra.nteta nd Co., LIMITED, 5 Rorsemarkot-street and Corporation Buildings. Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington. LINSEED COMPOUND' a demulcent anodyne expectorate Coughs and Colds, Nch'; 31d., of Chemists only.--Advt. LAMPS. —G sELAND', Br, die-street, Warrinon. F IronmongeraWarrington.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUN c,SOE,:',T A.N F) W (ON ES.

ME. GATLEY'S THANKS. . In another column we publish Kr. Gatley's expression of thanks. _ _

BRIJN3WICIC_ SOCIETY CUES.

The annual tea gathering in connection with Mr. T. Sinaister's Society Class, was held on Wednesday even- ing in 1`,1). 5 Vestry-room, in the Brunswick school, Mr. I'. Sirnistor presiding. An excellent repast Was served out by the ladies of tho class to a large company. The party afterwards adj mrned upstairs, and a very plea- sant evening was spent.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BETItg3DA. P.S.A.

Mr. neck presided over the usual meeting of the above en Sunday afternoon. The Rev. Sydney Morris was toe speaker for the day. In the course of a spirited address on the subject "Who is ray neighbour ?" Mr. Morris spoke of the good work such societies as the Runcorn P S.A. were do;ng up and down the country. The vocalists for the day were Master John Rutter, Mr. Moore, and Miss E. Clare. RMSCORW AND TUE Inc c FAMINE'. The committee appointed to receive subscriptions in aid of the starving people in Ireland are progressing in this philanthropie work very satisfactorily,end they have decided to call a public meeting for T•turaday week next,to get the fund on a more sound basis. Many of the leading men of the town are expected to be present,and several outside gentlemen will address the gathering and give details of the terrible suffering that the people are now enduring in South West Ireland.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWNING MYSTERY.

An inquest was held by Mr. Worsley, at Weaver Hotel, Weston Point, on Tuesday afternoon, on the body of a man unknown, who was taken from the Shia Canal at Westoa Paint oa Monday morning. William Ratcliffe, 16, Portland-street, Runcorn, bargeman, de- posed to seeing the body floating on the water at 6 o'clock on Monday morning. He made it fast to the stern of the Falcon, and gave information to the police. —P.C. Morris spoke to recovering the body and des- cribed the clothing, Ac. —lnspector Hicks said full in- formation had been sent to the police of the surrounding districts and probably the description would appear In the " Police GazAte.' A verdict of found drowned was returned. SELIISN'S MISSION.

On Wednesday in the above mission room the Runcorn Charity Minstrels combined with the Runcorn Prise Amateur Midget Minstrels,gave a very interesting enter- tainment to a fair gathering. A large programme was gone through by the follewing artistes r—The little Misses Kitty Rutter and Heti • Jones, the Misses IClith Jones, P. Sewett, E. Jones,aad E. Sews t, Master Jack Rutter, and Messrs. W. R. Davies, W. R. maiiino, F. Crowther, Shingler,Malor, Lauderiburg, and Westbrook. passed off very well, AR the items and unity performers were accorded an encore. The conductor, Mr. W. R. Davies, deserves credit for the manner in which the ar- tistes acquitted themselves,as it was no doubt due to his careful tuition that the whole proceedings were carried through without the slightest hitch. '‘ NOEBT " COOKS SENT TO PRISON. At the Runcorn Police Court on rhursday morning.(last week) before Messrs. P. Speakman and S. Taylor, Henry alas " Nobby " Cooke a well known man was charged with frequenting Bridgewater-st., with instant to Com- mit a felony. P.C. Gregory said he Saw prisoner shortly before twelve o'clock the previous ni.,!ht in an entry in the street named. He asked him what he wag doing there and he replied " Oh ! nothing particular." Witness told him to get away to his lodgings. A. little later he had to arrest him. Witness went back to the entry and found there two bags, a piece of soap, and a brush, the property of a Mn. Santley. are. Santley said the things were safe in her washhouse the previous night. When her attention was called to the things she looked into the washtionse and found it all dis- arranged. Prisoner was committed to Knutsford prison for a month with hard labour.

MAZAWATT RH MAZAWATTHS DEmoiovis DIAZ &WATT& IS FRAGRANT. MA ZAWATTNM REFRESHING. MAZ AWATTI4IS ECONOMICAL. M A ZAWATTBB infirllSold by HENRY MILLING and Co., LIMITED, 5 HOrSernarket-street. and Corporation Banding!. C.le Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington. MIDNIGHT AFFRAY AT SUTTON WEAVER. At the Runcorn Police Court on Thursday morning, before Mr. P. Speakman, and Mr. S. Taylor, John Lat- ham, was charged on a warrant under the Poaching Pre- vention Act, with coining from land where he was sus- pected of having been in pursuit of game, and also with assaulting Sergeant Richardson, at Sutton Weaver, some time in November, 1897.—Front the evidence it appeared that a number of men among whom was the prisoner were seen coming from land by Sergeant Richardson, P.C's Ridgway, and Juett, one night in November 1897. When the officers stopped the men who had in their possession, nets, bags, ace., they pounced on them and assaulted Sergeant Richardoma. The other men had ban dealt with and convicted, but the prisoner absconded. Ile was arrested on Wednesday at Crewe. For the assault on the police sergeant, pri- soner was fined 20s. and 18s. 11d, costs, and for poach- ing, £2 and 93. ad. coats. Altogether £4 81 al ,or six weeks imprisonment with hard labour.

DELICIOUS MAZ AWATTRE (TELICIOUS DIAZ AWATT fl DELICIOUS MAZ /SMATTER DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEEI Recalls the choice Teas ot thtitv years Bold y HENRY MILLING and Co., LIMITG 5, II ersemarket-btreet. and Corporation Build t:ole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Ware] EASTERTIDE —RUNCORN.

Charming weather prevailed on Good Friday, and the pleasure seekers of Runcorn and district were not slow to take advantage of the opportunity that presented it- self for a day's outing. The services at the different places of worship were well attended. At the Parish Church, the Vicar (Rev. Canon Wood), occupied the pul- pit in the morning, the offertories of which were in aid of the Chester Diocesan House of Mercy. The usual three hours' service was held at St. Michgelmas Church. At St Edwards Catholic Church the ceremony of kissing the feet of the figure of Christ on the Cross was very solemnly carried out by the congregation. In the after- noon the statione of the Cross service was gone through, a large congregation being in attendance. The alter was devoid of evetything gay and had quite a solemn appear- ance. In connection with the Primitive Methodist Church a tea and entertainment was given in the schoolroom,the programme being well sustained by a number of friends: Eastertide was appropriately celebrated at the Parish Church, St. Michael's, Weston Church,and Holy Trinity. At St. Edward's the altar was beautifully decorated with Bowers. The Pastor, th 2 Rev. Father Gore, preached a sermon on the " Lord is risen." Special services were held at the Bethesda Congregational Chapel. The Pas- tor (the Rev. J. Osborne, B, AO preached an appropriate sermon, basing his realm ks on the lessons to be derived from a reverential interpretation of the solemn epoch which Eastertide marked in the religious life of the world, Mr, M, Gowanlock sang " Calvary," and Miss Edith Clara gave " I know that my Rec.etnaer liveth," On Easter Monday the atmeepheric conditions were de- cidedly against holiday-makers, but nevertheless a few did venture to go bevond the town of Runcorn. The town itself was quiet, all sign of business being entirely absent, -

SUDDEN DEATEI OF MR. EDWIN TtiCIZT. We regret to record the death of Mr. Edwin Tuckey, hay and corn merchant and canal carrier, of Percival- lane, Runcorn, which sad event took place on Monday night at his residence in Greenway-road. Mr. Tuckey had complained & few days ago of net being well, but I he took no eerieus notice of himself and went about his business as usual. On Sunday evening he went out for a walk, and the following day, Easter Monday, he stayed at home all day. He Wad attended to by the people of the house during the day, but it was not until ten o'clock at night that any serious developments were realised in his condition. Dr. McKenzie was immedi- ately sent for and on his arrival the latter ordered him to bed. At the doctor's request he went to bed, but be- fore doing so he remarked "that he did not think lie was as bad as all that," Dr. McKenzie then left the house to have a consultation with Dr. Ormsby, but before he returned Mr. Tuckey had passed away. Pneumonia was given as the cause of death. As soon as the news of the sad event became known regret was expressed by everyone as he was very highly respected for his upright character and generous and charitable disposition. Deceased gentleman was well known in Cheshire, Lancashire, Yorkshire, and the Midlands, where his business transactions extended. He was a bachelor and was 41 years of age, and was also a mem- be&ef the Ellesmere Lodge of Freemasons]. The re- mains of ueceased gentleman were interred in the Run. corn Cemetery on Thursday afternoon amid many mani- festations of regret. The cortege was headed by the following members of the Ellesmere Ledge of Free- masons :—Dr. McKenzie, Messrs. F. Findley, J.Higgins, Burrowe,Priestner,Eßll,Westbrooke,Groome,Hunaphreys, W. Griffiths, F. Ford, Captain Ellis, W. Miles, Lunt, Hoxwortb, Hayes, H. Hughes, F. Auderton, P. Riley, Captain H. Hill,, T. Harrison, J. Okell, S. Littler, G. Hewitt, Hicks, J.Jones, G. Sornerville,Burgess,Price, Philips, Branch' Collier,Newton,R.R.Clark,Dunning, and F. H. Annett. The chief mourners were R. Tuckey, Elijah Tuckey, Elisha Tuckey (brothers). The Rev. W, &boles performed the burial service.

ago, LITED, luildings, -ringtott.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
ALARMING FIRE AT RUNCORN.

Shortly after four o'clock this morning a fire br"oke out on premises at the rear of Messrs. f-lpeakman':l Drug Stcres, High-street, Runcorn, The fire brigade were called out and a number of men with tito hrme were soon working on the flames which had got a firm hold of souse stables used by Messrs. Speskman as a storeroom, A quantity of oil, sulphur, Stc„ was got net of the build- ing. Half an hem eter the oathreatc seas fir.t, noticed the roof of the huildln4 collapsed. The fire was got under shout 5.30 a.m.

DRY, TWIN, AND FALLING HAIR is due, in the majority of cases to imperfect action of the s.baceous or oil glands. Deprived of it 4 propPr n,urishm-nt,,he hair becomes harsh and brittle, th 9 scalp dry and so tly, and the roots choked and lifeless in a hart, dry skin. Tile purest sweetest and most effective treatment is a warm shampoo with Curicuaa SOAP, followed by light dress- ings with CIITICURAt purest of emollient skin cures, which will produce a clear, wholeionie scalp and luxuri- ant, lustrous hair, when every other known meth xi fails.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A MINER, FM nA Y, APRIL 15 1 cslB.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The last meeting of the old board was hold at Dutton Workhouse, ma Tuesday. There were present :—Mr. J. laowles (chttirman),Mesers. A. R. Norman, J.F., T. Lea the members of the Rural Council, J. Ashton (elerk),ani G. F. Ashton (deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_18980415_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE sc-HoOt ATTENDANCE OFFICERS.

The Local Government Board wrote approving of the appointments, until the 25th March, 1899, of Messrs. G. Tonee, S. Tomlinson, and W. B. Mimelow' as School Attendance Officers in the Runcorn Union, with salaries at the rate ot £35, £l5, and £l5 per annum rmpectively for their services.

THR TRAINING BRIP " INDEFATIGABLE " AND CATHOLIC LADS.

The authorities of the Liverpxil Training Ship " Inde- fatigable " wrote stating that the case of the boy Christopher Sherry had been considered by the commit- tee. As the boy was a Catholic they desired ts draw attention to the poor Law Ast 25 and 26 Vie. cap. 43 article 9. As the ship was now certified under this act they regretted that the guardians could not send bins, hut they would be pleased to take a Pr )testant boy in his place.—Mr. Derbyshire Is that Eoglish Law?—The Clerk :It is their rule. We have no other lad to send.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
TX M WORKHOUSH BOY? EDUCATION.

The Local Government Board wrote approving of the proposal of the guardians of the Ruocorn Union to send the boys, inmates of the workhouse,out to a school.

THZ LATE ME. H. E. HEYWOOD. -VOTE OF CONDOLENCE.

'rile Chairman referred to tne death of Mr. Heywood, one of the representatives on the Board for Frodsham. He (the chairman) did not think they could meet a more pleasant gentleman than Mr. Heywood. He proposed that the Clerk write to the bereaved rela- tives expressing the Board's condolence. Mr. Woodward said that as tie filled Mr. Heywood'e position as chairman of the Finance Committee, he would like to second the vote. He was unible to attend the funeral and he took this opportunity of expressing his sense et the loss the Board sustained by the death ot Mr. Heywood. In his opinion he considered the Board (without casting any rstlection, on the other members) had lost One at least of the very oest members of this Union.—Mr. Williams +upporced the reeointioa as a fellow Guardian with Mr. Heywood and as representative of Frodeharn for six or seven years.He had always Wand in Mr. Heywood a very able and considerate imam Al regards his public life tie had never known him to on aaythiug which was not free from political or religious bias. He was a man of Lithfulnes. and candour, things which they all admired. tie was certain that they would be a long time before they could fill the place. He was away in Londoa at the time of the funeral, and so be could not p.y his last respects. To the Guardians, the people of Frodsham, and the public generally his death has a dibtinc', loss.--Mr. Mant.yre also added his regret at the death 01 Mr. Heywood. Hs was a man of great capacity and a great deal of time be devoted to the duties of this Board. He was unable to attend the funeral through ilinese. Mr. Heywood was a man whom he always esteemed ever since he Claie in contact with him on that Board.—The resolution was carried unanimausly.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE COMMITTER.

The outrelief for the past fortnight ties been Runcorn £9O ; Bud worth £26 ; Frodsharn £2l. Tue portents to be made that day amounted to £475 13s. id. TED ALTERATIONS TO TIER BOARD ROOM. Mr. Woodward reported that the consinittee who had had under consideration the alterations of the Board- room, found that the floor was so unsatisfactory that it would be necessary to take it up and replace it. The Committee asked Mr. Davies, the contractor, to give them particulars of such proposals as commended them- eelves to his mind for replacing the floor. He famished a statement vrhich showed that to put in new joints and boards, and to provide new carpeting, would cost £57 10s. On the Miler hand to provide a pitchpine block floor laid in cement would cost £63 153. Tan Commit- tee recommended that the block floor be adopted as it would do away with the necessity of carpets, and would last much longer than a boarded floor. no moved that the recommendation be adopted. Mr. Aaron seconded, and the motion was carried.

APPOINTMENT OF INDUSTRIAL TRAINER.

Mr. Stokes reported that the Rouse Committee recom- mended the appointment of John Marsden as industrial trainer at a salary et £25 per annuns. Ile moved that the recommendation be adopted. Mr. Lea seconded and the motion was carried unani- mously. TIM BOARD AND TNN LADIRS VISITING COMMITTER. The report of the Ladies Visiting Committee drew attention to the fact that there were only two ladies to represent the town of Runcorn on the comnaittee.—Mr. Williams said as one who strongly approved of the work done by the Ladies Committee, and ladies committees generally, in connection with poor law work he moved that a vote of thanks be sent to the ladies for their cer- vices during the past year in connection with the Board. —Admiral Jones Parry seconded, and the motion was passed unanimously.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGINATION OR • NURSII.

The House Committee reported that Miss Harris had resigned her appointment as Superintendent Nurse at the Workhouse.

TIE RELIGIOUS SERVICES AT THE HOUSE.

Mr. Stokes moved a hearty. vote of thanks to the Free Churches of Frodsharn and district for kindly undertak- ing religious services at the Workhouse tree of expense to the Board. Mr. Darhyshire seconded, and the motion wag carried.

VOTE OP THAMES TO TRH CHAIRMAN. Mr. Williams proposed a hearty vete of thanks to Mr. John Knowles for his eervices IR the chair. Mr. Knowles' conduct as chairman had always been characterized by urbanity and courtesy towards the members. He(Mr.Williams),was exceedingly scar! that 119 would no longer have the pleasure of sitting un- der his direction and seeing his pleasant countenance. He hoped Mr. Knowles would long be spared to come amongst them, and give effect to the knowledge which the experience had givea to him in poor-law matters.— Mr. T. Wright seconded and the motion WAS carried with applause.—Mr. Kuserles responded, and said the duties of the office had been made very agreeable by the support he hzd received from the members, and the assistance and courtesy of the clerk. He thanked them for their appreciation of his services.

THEO- -ROARD &ND TIM DBFRATED MEMBERS.

Mr. Wright thought they ought to express their thanks to those members of this board whe from various circumstances were about to leave the board. He re- ferred to Mr. Williams, Mr. Parr, Mr. Derbyshire, Mr. I Aaron and others. At one time Mr. Williams almost sacrificed his life in connection with the small pox epidemic, and he thought they ought to recognize is diligent and painstaking services. He thought they would miss the services of these old members very much and he moved that they accord them a Smarty vote of thanks.—Mr. Derbyshire said he was glad to observe that Mr. Williams had been referred to. In connection with the epidemic at Moore, which had been referred to, Mr. Williams rendered valuable service in the position he held.—Mr. Mclatyre said he regretted very much that they were to lose the services of such members as Messrs. Williams, Aaron, Derbyshire, and Parr. They would all be very eocry to lose them. He thought everyone of them bad been use- ful members, some in ons direction and others in an- other. lie particularly emphasized the service,' of Mr. Williams in connection with the smallpox epidemic Mr. Wright said there was some difference in Mr. Aaron's ease. He was retiring from the board of his own accord. Mr. Mclntyre said kr. Aaron had been connected with tie hoard for the last 30 . They would at ways miss the valuable help he had given, and the light he had been able to throw On different subjects,—The motion was carried unanimously.— Mr. Parr said he was much obliged Est' their recognition of his services, but personally he did not regret that he was leaving the Board. He was very glad to leave it. He had received nothing but courtesy from them but he did net ag,res with a lot that was done there, awl he must tell them straieht.—(Laughter.)—Mr. Aaron said he was obliged for their kindly referenc.s to his cnnnoc- tiou with the Board. He bad not been able to attend very well for the last 12 months, and he felt that he had not done his duty. Be had only done his duty as a member of the Bend, and he was glad to find that his fellow mem- bers entertained such kindly feelings towards him. Mr. Williams said he regretted that he was compelled to leave the Board, His services had been given without stint, and he had had no object to serve,but that of the public interest. His work had always been a source of interest as well as pleasure. Why his services were not appreciated he must leave them and other people to judge.—Mr.Melntyre observed that it was one of the in- cidents of war.—Mr.Williame said during hia experience of that Board he remembered nothing, but that which had been of a gentlemanly and respectable character,and it was with great regret that he severed his connection with them. He thanked them all for their kindly feel- ing towards him. This was all the businons.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RU N CORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

THE NEW LUTE.

The monthly meeting of the Urban District Council was Meld on Thursday morning (last week), in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Runcorn, Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., C.C., presiding. There were also present Messrs. E. Ineison, C.C., W. Collier, J. Pritchard, J. W. Lightburn, F. Wiswall, J. Wilson, P. Speakman, jj. C.A., G. Hewitt, M. J. Sweetnian, D. Bisbrown, W. Handley, It. J. Grice ;F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Mar- shall (secretary), J. Wilding (surveyor), and Dr. McDougall (medical officer).

===== 0002601_18980415_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
lINALTIE OF TIM TOWN,

The monthly report of the naedical officer of health showed that the number of deaths registered during the month of March was 17. One was an inqusst case and of the remaining It 3 deaths 2 etch were due to phithiais, rnesenteric disease' pneumonia, 3 each to convulsions and diphtheria, and onn each to cancer, diarrlace senile decay, and congenital debility. The 17 deaths ;hewed an average death-rate for the year of 111, and exclusive of the inquest case ot 10 per thousand of the estimate i population. Forty-nine births were registered duriuLf the month. For the corresponding month of last year 35 deaths and 54 births were registered.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TOWN'S WATER SUPPLY.

Mr. Collier said the medical officer in his annual re- port did not mention anything about the town's water supply in relation to 'public health. He would like to ask wh7tlrsr the me:!leal offie"r had any indictment ac,,aitist the tOW(I.S water supply.—The Medical Officer : Nene whatever. lam not awaro3 that any organic mat- ter is present in th,, water supply of R acorn. lam not aware that any disease of an infectious character has bees traceable to the water supply during the year.—ln reply to Mr. Lightburn, the medical officer said none of the infectious cases reported in his annual statement could be traced to any orgaaic matter in the wa er sup- ply.

mrsomtawzotrs.

The minutes of the Highways and Bull i logs Commit- tee, Health Committee and Market. and Cemetery Com- mittee, as given in last week's "Examiner" were ap- proved.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE COMMITTEE.

The Finance Committee recommended that the tender of Mr. Salton for the alterations and additione at the Town Hall in connection with the library extension be aecepteci. The committee also preeinced their estimates for the year .nding 31s1 March. 1899, which showed that the money reepired was £8,254. l'he income (apart from the general district rate was put down at £1,481 The deficieney at 31st March 1898 was £971 19s. 83 A id. in the was estimated to pr educe £la2. and 3s. 31 in the £ was estimated to produce £7,098. It was also recommended that a geeeral district rate at the rate of 3s. 3d. in the £ for tile year endinz 31st Marc,, 1899. be made t and that 14. 71 I. be colleted in the firot six months, and la. n I. in the second six months ; and also that with respect to the assessment and levying of the general district rate far the year ending 31 March, 1899, it was fortio•r re- commended that the owner instead of the occupier be rated under the provisions of section 211 of the Public Nealth Act, 1875, where the rateable value of any pre- mien, liable to assessment did not exceed the sum ef £lO and that he be assessed on a reduced estimate of three- fourths of the net annual value of such property.—Mr. Imison in proposing these minutes said each member of the Council had a cory of the estimates in their pos- session, and as they were all aware it recommended that a district rate fir 3s. 31. in the £ be made. That was the result of circumstances which they could net control. It was the result of empty houses and general depression in trade. But, they hoped these things would soon pass away and that they would get en a lower level. The rate made last year was insufficient for their requirements. He would be glad to answer any questions that might be put to him on the matter.—Mt. sPeakman seconded, and the reinutee were agreed to.—Mr. Wilson inquired whether the rate could be collected at is. 91, in summer, and 83. in the winter.—Mr. Imismi : I would add tremend- ously to the work of the ofßeers.—The matter then dropped. THH ANNUAL MEETING.

was MCArI te be hold on On the proposition of Mr..Biebrown, sec mded by Mr. secretary to the Board of 'Common and which was in TuesdayWiwal i et vhaeerrnvi ncagon,:NAti annual Art11111,1:7: iteuiremlietoon'sc one It. directed by the Board of The Law Clerk reported. that he had received a letter signed by B. AtAhgl zerr ifccouul Agriculture Tla relating tr forward tEo"lytlllbooaettlnlt.f or perusal of copy of the draft Proviaional Order which they propose to make in possible whether suc.l2 an order will be accept- the matter of the regulation of Runcorn Heath and Runcorn Hill, and to request that they may be informed aasblaenotnoasthe District Council and to the persons interested as Commeners. The Board ask for an immediate reply because the formal order must be issued without delay, and all the necessary consents, as well as the undertaking. by the Council to contribute as recited in the act contained within a very short time if the order is to he submittal to Parliament with any hope of it being confirmed in the current seesion. The on behalf of the L-,re of the Manor. I have further to request that the Counnil would he so good as to furnish a statement showing the particular DBoevarearraerlie and Cc,, a eWY of the draft to Messrs.Wallere, advantages to the inhabitants of the town which are anticipated from the abolition of the rights of the . lord of the manor, and of the injury which ought be done to the heath as an open space and as a recreation ground if Such rights were to remain exercisable."7.-Mr. Lake added that he would send to them the following particulars as to the advantages that woeld accrue to the inhabitants by ' the abolition of the lord of the manor's rights : "That the surface of the heath was approximately on a level with the surf teeef the surresundine fickle and roads, sae as along one .ide of it and acmes ene part of it a surface water drains. If the lard of the manor exercised his rights of taking out the minerals the sur- face would ha reduced below tirt" •11, e•r-rn,mur, , land and the reads crossing the heeth. Even if only the marl were removed ths heath would be coneidered con- verted into a pond or series of ponds several feet in depth while if the sandetone wore removed holes vary- ing from 20 to 100 feet or more would take the place of the Dresent fairly level surface. The exerciee of the lord of the manor's mineral rights would destroy the value of the heath as a place of recreation. By abolishing the lord's rights the heath coati be converted into a cricket and foothall ground with he prnivsion of other amuse- ments taking up smaller areas. Even it the lord's rights were exercised only partially at a time the area was so small that its Use for such games would be destroyed if the rights were exercised ."—Mr. Lake poieted out that there were several omissions in the Provisional Order. Oce of these was the stipulation between the Council and the Marquis of Chelmondeley that they should make a road from his land to their boundary. That was i omitted. Whether t was an oversight or whether it was to be included in the award which would come outaf 'e ri,nhdeort;eeunlddenatoity toeil t. h 4 ProvisionalAlho w ,re order.—Mr. Rand- ley v could carry this ley : I think it is an achievement which crowns our efforts of the Jubilee yeare--Mr. leishrown spoke against the eubject. Be said he did 83 strictly on the ground of expense. The expense already reached £loo. Mr. Lake (interrupting) : It may cost altogether about £loo—Mr. Bisbrowe continuing said then there was a new road. He had asked repeatedly for the probable cost of making a macadam road, but he had not yet got an answer. Ha considered that they were in the dark. It might cost £3OO and that was a very serious matter —Mr. Wiswall said there was no intim- Men on the part of toe Council to make this a burden. If it was isoessary money would be found by getting up a subecription.—Tbe Council approved ef tho draft prole- r Cholmondley. signal order, and authorised sthe law clerk to enter into dwiththtehebNuillusl :3d the Council rose. an Thi This agreementc concluded ed clu

===== 0002601_18980415_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

THE. L9' MEETING.

The last meetiiig of the present 60-u—nc.il was held on Tu,sday at Dutton Workhouse, Mr. J. Mclntyre, J.P., presidin,z. Tore were also present Messrs. J. Knowles (rice-chairman), Admiral Jones Parry, J.P., T. Baxter, C.D., T. Lewis' J. L. Jones, J. B. Chadwick, E. Aaron, 'F. Darlington, J.Stokes, T. Wright, S. Woadward, J. Darhyshire, W. Turner, E. Brarh9rtoo, J Parr, J. M. Williams J. Ashton (clerk). 0. F. Ashton (deputy clerk), Diggle and Swinton (surve>yorti)and J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances). LOCAL GOVARNMENT BOARD MACIRY.

The Local Government Board wrote stating that with reference to the Council's application for the issue of an order fixing a general scale of charges for the supply of water to houses or premioes within the pariihes of Heigh!, Alvanley, and Sutton, they had decided before they coneidered the application to hold a local inquiry on the subjsct.

THE RH-APPOINTMENT OF DR. ADAMS. The Local Government Board wrote approving of the re-appointment of Dr. T. Adams as medical officer for the rural district of Rune°, nat a sal try of £l5O pr annum.

NUISANCE AT NORTON-COMPLAINT AGAINST MR. FARRINGTON.

Mr. John Hoult, Norton Cottage, Norton,vrrote asking the committee to take some . steps to abate an abomin- able nuisance at the rear. of his residence. It was an old pit hole, and the drains from a farm, outbuildings, some cottages, piggeries, shmpons, emptied into it, and left a deposit. The overflow found its way into a ditch which emptied into the old. Bridgewater Canal. The stench at times was very disareeable and dangerous to health, and as they should be having some hot weather tl he folt very anxious that something should be shortly etyo remedy the nuisance. Last summer it was very bad. Dr. Adams looked over the place about eighteen months ago, and probably he would give the Council some information respecting it. Mr. Floult also stated in his letter that he spoligised for troubling them,but he could not get any satisfaction from their Inspector of Nuisances. He had written the Inspector two letters neither of which he had thought fit to acknowledge.— Mr. Farrington said, in the first place, Mr. Hoult'e letter was not correct. Some time before September 1898, no

MA Z tWATTBS The Standard Brand MA ZAWATrB et Ten fOr MAZAWA!...I%II FINS Qu.s.rarr. NIAZAWA',..VBS DiLICACY OF FLAVOUR, Z ItooionirtLlMN. AZAWATrEB Sold by HENRY MILLING and CO., LIMMID. 5, Horseonarket-street, and 03rporatio Buildings. Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warn i ngton 'rants :so OrttP 'wet° (Ttadl Nark) tor Olughl nnd *Olds, 9,;A.,131.4. Sold o Chemists only,---.Ador.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
received a letter from Mr. Hoult and he visited the pre- mises. He found it was not a public sewer, and he told him that it did not come within his jurisdiction. So that the first letter did not need any other acknevrledgement. He received another c omplaint not about this pit, but about sonte °veil' ow sewage. He got that abated. Something else arose and the matter was in the end re- ferred to the Surveyor. With regard to the second letter he met Mr. Hoult in the train one day and told him that the matter would be put right and also that the matter had passed out of his hands to the Surveyor. He con- sidered after that that he (the inspeztor) had finished with it. He never replied to the letter as he considered there was no need.—Mr. Diggle (surveyor) said be re- membered some time ago receiving a letter from the In- spector of Nuisances re this nuisance. He had the sewer opened and so far as he knew the nuisance was then abated. He thought it was a matter for a small committee. The ditch would have to be piped.—Mr. Jones said the nuisance was a perfect nuisance in het weather.—Mr. Wright said the thing had been an eye- sore for some time.—Messrs. T. Wright and J. Baguley were formed a committee to view the place.

THE APPEAL AGAINST TRH LONDON AND NORTR-WRSTERN RAILWAY. . . . _ . .

The Clerk intimated the result of the appeal against the decidiun in the ease of the London and North-Western Railway V. the Runcorn Rural District Council. fie said the appeal went acalost the Council. Counsel on behalf of the District Council were not at all satisfied but of course they were obliged to bow to the Court of Appeal's decision. FINANCE COMMITTER.

Mr. Woodward on behalf of the Finance Committee, reported that the cost of uncontested elections had been £3O 154. and this added to the cost of the contested election, made a total expenditure for the elections of £ll7 13, sd. The balance in hand at the last ineetingtwas £1,0377. 53., the receipts during the fortnight had been £929 6i. 93. Too payments to be made that day amounted to £270, leaving a balance of £1,295 11. 61. Admiral Parry on hearing of the cost of the uncon- tested elections observed that it would be better to have contested elections. (Laughter.)

TRH MOORE HOSPITAL. Mr. Jones reported that he found that the disinfecting apparatus at the Moore hospital was out of order and he had taken the responsibility of having it put right by the provision of new tubes. As regarded the manage- mmt of the place, the new arrangement was working very well. Mr, Jones' action was confirmed and regret WAS expressed that be was recirieg from the Board. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Jones for his servicqs in conne,...tion with the hoqpital.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNCIL AND TRH MEDICAL OFFICER.

Mr. Woodward aqk whether there -Wit; ar-i'y news from the Medical th4t day,—The Clerk said he had received no communicition.—Mr. Darbrlaire : Ought not we to have some communication ?—The Chairman : We shall have to think that no news is good news. (Laugbter. )—Mr. Woodward : Do we pay for no news P—The Chairman : No.—Mr. Jones : He does not treat this Board with very much courtesy.

VOTES OF THANES TO THE CIiiIRMAN AND VICE- CHAT EMAN.

Mr. Williams moved -a—;(;;;Of.thanks to Mr. Mclntyre for his courteous anc' imparti.tl conduct in the chair.— Mr. Aaron soconded, Mr. Woodward supported, and the motion was unanimously adopted.—Tho Chairman briefly responded, and thanked the council for the kind way in which they had impported A vote of thanks SV4E., scc wied to Me. Knowles for his services as vic:o-04irman of the Council.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
....••401•••••••• INFERESTI.O WEDDING AT RUNCORN. LITTLER- rz&IPERLEY.

,1 St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel, Runcorn.was on Tuesday I • atternoon crowded to its utmost capacity by people who gathered together to witness the nuptials between Misi Martha Ann Temperley, the only daughter of the late Mr. John Temperley,baker and confectioner,of Lewlaud- road,Runcorn, end Mr. George Watson Littlet, of Man- chester, eldest son ot Mr. William Littler, of Leinster Gardeos,Runcorn. Both parries are well-known In the town,the bride having lieu a teacher at the Camden Wesley an Seaool over 17 ye irs,and also has held almost every office which her !ellow members could offer her. The bridegroom,prior to hie removal to Manchester, was also a teacher and a local preacher at the Camden school. So well-known and respected were they that it was not surprising to see the church doers,long before the hour foi. the parties arrived, beseiged by people who endea- voured to get in. All the passages and the street out- side were thronged with an eager crowd. The party started from the heuse ef the bride's mother in Lowland- road and arrived at the church shortly after 2 c'cl ,ck. As the bride, leaning on the arm of her brother, Mr. J. W. femperley, arid bridegroom and party entered the church, Mr. W. Grice played so appropriate selection on the organ. Tee bride was attired in a beautiful dove coloured dreas, trimmed with corded silk embroidery, and lace, and wore a Vllli'e hat trimmed with arrafane and white tips. She also wore a gold brooch est with pearls, and carried a shower bouquet, the gifts of the bridegroom. file bridosinaids were the Misses Lily Temperley (neice of the bride), Nally Littler (sister of the bridegroom), Welly femperley (cousin of the bride), Miss Yates, all weariug dresses of grey and hats to matah and carrying bouquets the gifts et thebridegroom, and little Miss Martha Ana Temperley, attired in a dress of pongee silk and carrying a basket of flowers also the girt of the bridegroom. Mr. Albert McNortos was the best man, and Mr. A. E. Temperloy (brother of the bride) and Mr. P. Shaw were groomsmen. Mr. J. W. Temperley gave the bride away. The Rev. Francis Collier of Manchester (cousin of the bridegroom) assisted by the Rev. R. J. Clifton performed the interest- ing ceremony. The guests presmt in the chapel were Mrs. Temperley (mother of the bride), Mr. and Mrs. I Littler (father and mother of the bridegroom), Mrs. .1. W. Temperley, Mr. and Mrs. Littler, Mr. and Mrs. M. Temperley, Mr. and Mrs. P. Shaw, Captain aid Mrs. C. Peacock and the Misses Peacock, Mr. and Mrs. J. Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. S. Beckett, Mr. P. Speak- hiae, Mrs. Clifton, the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Malvern, the Misses Chadwick and Dobson, Mr. Careless (Manches- ter), Mr. aud Mrs. E. Rosenberg (Weaverham), Mr. and Mrs. Turner (Manchester), Mrs. Ritchie (Bootle), Mrs, Collier (Manchester), Mr. and Mrs. Marsh (St. Helens), Mr. G. Marsh (Stockport), Miss Watson (Hull), and Mrs. Parkinson of Canada, After the signing of the register, the party left the church to the strains of the" Wedding March." On nearing the door the party repaired to the Camden Wesleyan Schools which had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, for breakfast. Over 125 guests sat down. After the raial speeches were delivered by the Rev. F. Collier, the Rev. R. J. Clifton, the Rev.J. A. B. Malvern, Mr. P. Speakman, J.P. C. A ,Mr. S. Bee- kett, and Mr. A. Harrison, all of whein wished Mr. and Mr.. Littler every happiness to the life upon which they had just entered. Meand Mrs. Littler suitably responded. The newly wedded cauple afterwards left for Southport where the honeymoon is being spent. the presents were numerous and costly.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WESTON POINT "DEATHTRAP"

ANOrEIER DROWNING CASE.

On Tuesday afternoon Mr. J. E. Woreley, coroner,held an inquest at the Weaver Hotel, Weston Point, on the body of Willia ankes,labourer, who had recently been ernieoved at the Castner Kelner Chemical Works, and was touni drowned in the Runcorn and Weston Canal at one am, on Sunday. Mr. L. Ib)senberg was foreman of the jury._yviajarn Blake', et Bannon, N,rthwicli, labourer, identified the tvaly as that of his son who was 37 years of age. tlela at FAW him alive ou the 20:h February—Jamts Price, labourer, Weston, deposed that the deceased had lloel At his house for about flee weeks. A fortnight „4t, no kit, without laying where he was going and withiaut paving for his board and lodging. On Saturday tie called at the house and wi.hed to know " whether they would have him again." wit. nese told him " No," but he. could have his clothes Witness gave the ch ceased Ins clothing end he took it away. This would be about nine o'clock. life was not sober; he was "half and half" but was capable of taking care of hinsself.—: George Whitby, 14, Mersey View, Weston Paint, team. owner,said at 11.4000 Saturday night he was just about to get into bed when he heard aqueer noise, three th times repeated frome canal. . He immediately went out but could not tlee anything in the canal. Had there been a person struegliug in the water he could have seen him. A few moments later P.C. Bancroft earns up and be told him what he had heard. The constable searched with his lamp and found a hat on the water. The water was 8 feet deep at this place.—P.C. Bancroft said the evidence of the last witness was correct. He grappled for the body and fot.nd it at one o'clock. It was fully clothed and the clothing was net disarranged. There were no marks of violence on the body. !is Ms pockets were 40. and a pipe. A bundle of clothing was found , on the canal bank. His opinion was that the deceaaed had been walking along the canal bank to Runcorn, ata:l at the corner had walked into the water.— Mr. Myers (a juryman) : It is the same deathtrap, sir.—The Coroner remarked that ho had held nearly 40 inquests upon perions drowned in this canal. In reply to Mr. Rosenberg, the Constable said the body was bound not tar from the steps.—The Coroner said the dangere of thii read w re very great, as was evi- denced by the very Large number of fmquesta he had held upon people who had fallon into the canal when walking to car from Runcorn and Weston Point, This was another death which must ba added to the account of this daneerous road. He believed;that this! was an acci- dent, but there was no evidence to oho w that, and the only verdia that could be returned was one of found drowned. The jury returned the verdict suggested.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.

PRESEN ELTION'IO MR. HOOFER.

The Warrington Trades and Industrial Exhibition was brought to a close on Tuesday evening after 12 days of almost unparralelled success. It was opened by the Mayor on March 30th, since when the public have flocked to the Parr Hall in their thousands. Mr. W. J. Hooper has been responsible for the successful organisa- tion, and his abilities were fittingly recognised on Tues- day evening, in the presence of a crowded assembly. About 9 ocleck the Mayor (Alderman J. E. Wright), who was accompanied by the Mayoress, Mrs. Hooper, and others, toek up a position on the platform, and said that the first part of his duty was to present to Mrs. Hooper a beautiful bouquet, which had been subscubed for by the exhibitors. (Applause.) Ile had the honour of opening the exhibltion,which had been the most suc- cessful ever held in the tows; and now he was presiding : over a ceremony at the close. He had always beeps proud of his town,but he was prouder of it that day than ever, net simply because he happened to be the Mayor of it, but because he saw it making such wonderful progress, and because, apparently, every one was happy. The exhibition had been carried out with great credit to Mr. Ilooper.and they would always be glad to see him in Warrington to assist them in a similar work. He hoped the day was net far distant when they would have another exhibition but on a larger scale. (Applause.) I Mr. WILLIAM ROBERTS said he had a pleasing duty to perform, and why he had been selected for the task he knew not, except that he happened to be one of the smallest exhibitors. The people of Warrington would have been dissatisfied had the exhibition closed witheut acknowledging their debt of gratitude to Mr. Hooper. ' He supposed it was the first exhibition of the kind they had been favoured with in Warrington, and it was a re- markable fact that that magnificent building hail been too small for the purpose. He had been asked to pre- sent an illuminated address to Mr. Hooper on behalf of the subscribers, congratulating him upon the success of the exhibition, and wishing him every success in similar undertakings in .:he future. That was the first exhibi- tion, but he hoped it would not be the last. A very large number of manufacturers and tradesmen would gladly have exhibited had space allowed, but when th4y got the hall extended over the adjacent area they might be able to do something on a larger scale another year. (Applause.) Mr. Roberts then formally made the pre- eenAtion. _

IThe text of the address which had been framed by Mr. Jordan, Bridge-street, is as follows :—"To Mr. William James Hooper, gene-al manager. The exhibitors in the Warrington Industrial Exhibition, held in Parr Hall from March 30ch to April 12th, 1893, wish to express their entire satisfaction with the able manner in which you have designed and carried out the above Exhibition. You will no doubt be pleased with the manner in whites your scheme was received and the remarkable SLICCOSII which has resulted from your carefully-planned arrange- ments and effective supervision. We have great pleasure in acknowledging the courtesy shcwn by you, accom• ponied by the most careful attention to the requirements of the exhibitors, and the large number of visitors who attended the Exhibition. Accept our heartiest wishes that every success may attend your efforts here and else- where in carrying out similar exhibitions,—We remain, kc. (signed en behalf of the exhibitors)." Mr. HOOFER, in reply, said that when he came to Warrington abeut three months ago he was entirely un- known here. He did not even know where Parr Hall was, but It was very gratifying to him to find that be had made so many triends, and he hoped few, if any, enemies. (Applause.) He came from Birmingham,which was supposed te be the best governed city in England, but when he went,back be should tell the people that he knew one place as good, if not better. (Laughter and applause). He should tell the Chief Constable who was a personal friend of his, that be had held an exhibition in Warrington which ha i been visited by MOW people in 12 days, and he could say without fear of contradic- tion that they had not had a solitary case of theft or disorder, or a bad wird from a man or woman. (Ap- plause.) They bad had found in the building several larva sums of moner, including a bank book containing £157, A purse containing £7 125., and any number of umbrellas and parasols, that all had been returned to the rightful owners. (Applause.) He was not going to take the credit of the exhibition all to himself. He was deeply indebted to the Town Clera, who had been of great aofistance to him,and he had also to thank the exhibitors for their splendid displays, the Ladies Orchestra, and the Mayor and Mayoress for their pres- ence now and when the exhibition was opened. When he first came to the town the first thing that was handed to him was the report of the Chamber of Commerce, which he read carefully, and it struck him that the Chamber was a wide-awake oue in asking the Corpora- tion to have an exhibition. And nearly all the members of the Chamber were exhibitors that day. Mr. Charn- berlain a far-seeing man, got together through the aid of foreign consuls, a very large collection of samples of foreign manufactured goods, which had been shown in Warriogton, and throughout The Baited Kingdom. so that it could be seen what Englishmen had to compete against. No less a personage than the Prince of Wales, who was the head of the Royal Commission in connec- tion with the Paris exhibition, had made a valuable sug- gestion, and it was that instead of each country having a section to itself, each industry in all the countries should be placed side by side, so that Ragland would be able to hold her own against all contpetitors.(Applause.) He was sure that if Warrington manufacturers took part in that exhibition the industries of the town would bear favovrable comparison with those of any part of the world. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) In conclusion Mr. Hooper said that if the exhibition had not been a success, he should have put his hands in his pocket and paid up like a man. He had promised £5O to the Nursing Association—a most deserving charity—and he was sorry he was not able to do more to assist it ; but if he had the pleasure of com- ing amongst them again they might rest assured that he would do still more for the charities of the town. (Haar, hear.) He thanked all the visitors for their attendance. He had made many friends,and if he had unknowingly offended anyone he hoped be would be forgiven. (Ap- pla use.) Councillor BENNETT, in proposing a vote of thanks to the Mayor and Mayoress, said that, as he predicted a fortnight ago, the exhibitien had been a great success. His only regret was that the exhibition, instead of being under the patronage of the Corporation, bad not been promoted by it, for Mr. Hooper had shown them such possibilities that they now regretted they were not bold enough to take up the matter themselves. In a larger building they could have better exemplified the numer- ous industries of the town, industriee, many of them, of world-wide reputation, and—he was just reminded by Mr. Birtles—they night also have had a representative collection of the arts of the good old town, for Warring- ton was a town of many industries, a town which was proud of such men as Luke /tildes, George Sheffield, Warrington Wood, and Harry Woods. (Applause.) Mr. T. E. Guasoor seconded the proposition, and said he thought they might look upon the exhibition as an- other sign of the progress of Warrington. It was most pleasing to bear witnese to the remarks which had been made by Mr. Hooper as to the manner in which the .people of Warrington had assisted him to carry out the Exhibition, arid he (Mr. Gibson) hoped that that would be the first of a series of exhibitions, each one larger and better than its predecessor, and that the people of War- rington would join together—these who had capital and thome who had skill—each one sinking private feeling for the public good and progress of the town. (Applause.) TM motion was heartily agreed to. The MAYOR responded, and wished Mr. and Mrs. Hooper" God speed "in their future undertakings. The Mayorese, lie could assure them, was anxious to do all she could for the benefit of the town, and be believed that before their term of office expired the people of Warrington would be satisfied with what bad been done. (Applause.) Handsome medals have been presented to moat of the exhibitors, and it may also be interesting to note that time handsome cot shown by the Mersey Bedstead Co, Limited, Knutsford-road, has been purchased from that firm (through Messrs. Pendlebury and Co.) by the Mayor. _......_

===== 0002601_18980415_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PICKWICK LITERARY CLUB.

ANNUAL MEETING.

The annual meeting of the above club was held in the Guild Hall on Tuesday evening, the President Mr. T. Saunders in the chair. The Secretary,Mr.R. Beenion,in submitting his reportoaid he must apologise for the in- complete report which he aubm]tted to them, he having only taken up the duties when Mr. J. A. Smith left this country for South Africa. He then gave a review of the I whole session, remarking on the different papers and es- says as they had been given. Be said that although there might be many things improved in the elub,on the whole it had been a good session, and that he was looking forward to the future for even better things still. The treasurer's report in the absence of the treasurer was submitted by Mr. J. A. Hayes. This was also a very satisfactory report, the whole of the liabilities of the club amounting to over £6 having been met, and a email balance left in hand .—The Chairman in remarking on the reports said that evidently the club was in a good p,,sitioti, and this was due he thought to the enthosiasm of the members. Be was glad to netice the membership had not decreased, which was very satisfactory ind ed. Some members had had to sever their connection with the club having left the town, and others had found their tastes did not lie in the direction of a literary society, but this loss had been coinpepstted by the joining of new members. Several members spoke, after which the election of officers took place. The usual votes of thanks were aPcorded to the out going officials,when the Chairman intimated that ho would not stand for the presidency another vear,and propoaed the vice-president Mr. W. Millington as prebident, with Mr. G. A. Hayes, as vice-president. This was agreed to, also that Mr. W. Booth be elected treasurer ; and Mr. H. Ber,ni", scre tary ; with Messrs. Saunders, Dodd, and Millieger, com- mittee.

CHEAP STATIONERY, ALBUMS, Purees. Hr nn Books Eibles.—Jonat ta. RXW. BOokaeller, AO., 34. Bridge-it

===== 0002601_18980415_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
.

EASTER HOLIDAYS.

MEAT DAD FOR CYCLES! PLACE YOUR ORDERS AT ONCE!,..!

SPECIAL LADIES' AND GENTS' lI:LCD INES, £8 15, TO £lO 10s.

NEW ROWE GENTS' CYCLES £l2 10 s NEW 110 WE LADIES' CYCLES „tl2 15s. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES OS. EXCELSIOR lADIES' CYCLES £l4 Os. PRESITER GENTS' CYCLES ,tl4 Os.

PRENIIER LADIES' CYCLES ,tl4 O. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES 1;16 lOs. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES ,tl7 10s.

SRN WINDOW DISPLAY .J. S. GARLAND, CYCLII FACTOR,

51, 53, 55,

Bitl DGE

STREET,

WARRINGTON.

WANTED, for ROYAL NAVY, 6ya, Youths, Engine room Artificers, Stokers, Blicksmiths. Carpenters, Coopers. Painters, Sailmakers. Shipwrights, sad Royal Marines.--For particulars apply to SERGEANT, Royal Marines, 259, Liverpool-road, Warrington.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON. Will Sail (weather and circomstances permitting) Every Week Day until the 14th May next for Llandudno. Leaving Arrives Liverpool at 11 a in. f Llandudno ... at 1.30 p.m. Llandudno.. Every Sunday until end of September, leaving Liverpool at 10.45 a.m., arriving back about 7.4) p.m. Low Fares. For partleubs.s apply to W. D. DODD, 31, TOWER. BITILDINGS, Liverpool.

-DISH, CHIP, and PEAS, good trade, splendid shop, 12 rayons for leaving.-171. ASECTON NEW ROAD, Beswick, Manchester.

GOOD COAL YARD, Lamp 011 and Firewood Business te be SOLD.—Apply W. CLIFFoiID, 8 Dickens-street, Weaste, Manchester.

RSPBOTABLE WOMAN, age 47, seeks quiet situation as .1%) WORKING/ HOUSEKRBPBB to gentltman or work- ing man or elderly couple, wages 55. per week.—Address letter only to 57, CAMEHIDGE-ST , Plet.oll Road, Wavertree, Liverpool.

Tan MISSIIS RIMSII3I2, 23, Wilson Patten-street, War- rlngton, School will re-open (ts.V ), Tuesday, May 3rd. Fees. Testimonials, Lists of Passes,&3., on applioa- tion.

A UROLOGY :—Your FUTURB FORBTOL.D, MAR- (I. RIA.GB, Future Partner Described, Children, Jour- neys, Legacies, Ruling Planet, ice. send Date of Birth. 12 Stamps and Stamped Envelope, —Mr. LEWIS. 69. George- street, Oxford.

A STROLOGY :—Your FIITURIA FORBTOLD. MAR- IA- RUGS, Children, Changes lii Oircurnstaurr-, Jour- neys, Legacies &c. Send Date of Birth. 12 Stamps and Stamped Envelope—Mr. COLE, 39, Cheltenham Place, Brigh- ton, Sussex.

BOOT lIROT D'S NOTED PIANOS. BERT VALUE IN TUB TRADE. •For Cash or payable Monthly. PIANOS FROM 10S. MONTHLY. ORGANS FRIM 53. MONTHLY. 134, BOTTOM OF BRIDGES-MORT, WARRINGTON. Don't miss 'Wag our AUTOMATIC POI.YPEIONS. for , Hotels. Banqueting Halls, rte. Also our Stook of Rrabroiderui Plano an] Stool Drapes.

ANTIQUE FURNITURE.

G-. AND J. WEAVER.

are Exhibit ing

SPECIMENS OF FINE OLD FURNITURE,

AT 85, BRIDGR-STRBBT.

See Windows.

WARHHOUSBS : I, FRIARS' GRRBN.

AND OLD ROAD. LATCHFORD.

JOHN CHORLEY, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT. BurTHIMMIEBT-STIIHRT AND SCOTLAND-ROAD. WARRINGTON. Agent for the

PEARSON AND K-NOWLISS COAL AND IRON CO., LTD., aid The " UNBREAKABLE " PULLEY and MILL GEARING CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Cart Arms, Springs and Axles. Tyre Hoops, all sizes, Anvils, Picas, Bellows, Nails, Screws, Bolts and Chains of an. deseriptioas, Spades and Shovels. Files and Rasps, Rain Water Pipes and Gutters. Oils. Palate. and Colours. Gal- vanised Corrugated Sheets. Roofing Felt, dc., Forgings and Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

MESSRS. THOMAS WHITTL & SON

(Ratabllshed 1829), CIIRRIERS, LEATHER MERCHANTS, AND STRAP IdANUFACTURERS, 49 LSD 51, BUTTERMARRBT-STREBT, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
T. BIRTLE S,

PILOT OGRAPHBR , LRCM HOUSE STUDIO.

ALL THE LATEST s ryLus IN PHOTOGRAPHY.

CABINET PORTRAITS A SPECIALITY.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL CHILDREN'S PORTRAITS ARE TAKEN

INSTANTAN gousLy.

KENWORTHY'S PATENTS.

CURTAINS MAY NOW BE CLEANED AT HOME.

" HANDY "

CURTAIN STRETCHER. " RQUIPOIII " WRINGER AIANGLE. " PARAGON"

===== 0002601_18980415_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WASHER WRINGER MANGLE.

-CANADIAN" WASHER. 300,000 SOLD, AWARDED 30 MEDALS. ALPHA WORKS, OLDILI.II.

JOI4N ECCLES, ENGIN unn, FALCON WORKS. JOHN-ST.. WARRINGTON. MANUFAANCD wTII HRIT 0 SCALES, WEIGHING MACHINES HBRIDGaS FOR ALL PURPOSES. IMPRoPED WISH AED SPRING 'PBS ['NUS, CRANE 3. TURNTABLIBEL RAILWAY PLAIT, Ac. Repot-5 undertaken In any Part of the Country by It,paleneed Workmen. NNVIRIMS SI;LICIUM. \

•• • ;•-• • •

===== 0002601_18980415_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980415_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INFLUENZA EPIDEMIC.

At the present time, everywhere, almost, is the Influ- enza. Thousands of patients are down with this terrible scourge, which as again visited our country,and is com- mitting frightful havoc among all classes of society. It is much more prevalent than is generally known, and the cases are more sevcre than on former occasions. Having observed its ravages and its baneful effects on the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with special dread, as a great many have not yet,if they ever will, regain their former health. The present form of the disorder attacks the organs of digestion, as well as the lungs. Nor are the symptoms precisely the same in each individual. Many, too, feel the after effects of Influenza for months and months. To have the microbes or bacilli in the blood even for three days seems thoroughly to weaken and exhaust the constitution. Now, as a preventa- tive, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The. Vegetable Tonic. A few strong doses taken in time have often proved effectual in warding off attacks of this malady, and al- ways succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Sudden Flushes, Severe Headache, ac- companied by difficulty of breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chet, under and between the Shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness, or are you oppressed with glaotrty forebodings and depressed spirits ? If you suffer from any of these symptoms, know that they ar3 the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to resort at once to an effective and suitable remedy, and that is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters,The Vegetable 'tonic. By common consent patients everywhere admit that they feel more depressed and miserable after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. There is a want of " Go," a lack of cheerfulness, de- pression of spirits, feeling of misery and helplessness, and such despondency as to be almost unbearable, the slightest exertion is fatiguing, what was considered a pleasure is a tail, the appetite h.ui entirely gone, and to sum up, " Life is a burden to those who have not hitherto experienced for one day in their lives such feelings of misery and helplessness. The best way to banish these miserable feelings is to take nourishing food, and maderate exercise, to avoid solitude, and mix in cheerful company, and to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. We can strongly and confidentiy recommerd this preparation, as it has treated severe csses of Influenza,extreme Weakness and Languor with greater success than any other known remedy. A few doses taken in time will drive away the sense of extreme helplessness and feeling of misery and weakness which e fillets patients after a severe att:.ck. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles, 2i 93. and 44.6 d. each. Beware of Imitations. See the name "Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp,and Bottle. Sole proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Comniny, Limited, Llauelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE TIT g MAISTRATES.

ALLEGED BURGLARY AT WARRINGTIN.—SMART CAPTURIII. At the Borough Police Court, on Saturday morning, before Mr. John Geddes (in the chair), Mr. T. Birchall, and Mr. R. T. Fairclough, Thomas Patrick Cannell was charged with burglariously entering the chop of Joseph Rudd, 67, Hamilton-street, between 12 and one that morning, and stealing therefrom four tins of salmon.five tins el condensed milk, and a quantity of sweets.—P.C. Smith stated that whilst he was on duty in Battersby- lane, shortly after 12 o'clock, be heard a noise of break- ing glass. He went in the direction of Mr. Rudd's pre- mises, and saw the form of a man, which, as he got nearer disappeared. fie then noticed that the window had been broken, and the shop inside was disarranged. He took off his boots and made a survey of the premises but found no one. He then went into hiding near the shop, and a few minutes afterwards he saw the prisoner come across the road, from an entry, where he had been hiding, and he arrested him. Prisoner became violent and threw a tin of salmon at him, but just missed him. He then get him down and put the snaps on and took him to the Police Station, where the goods mentioned in the charge were found in his possession.—Mr. Rudd gave evidence to the effect that hearing a noise he got up, and when he got to the door he found the window broken and the prisoner in custody. He identified the goods in the prisoner's possession as his.—Prisoner was committed for trial, and the Chaim n, addressin.l the Constable, said : We wish to e—opliment you on the successful manner in wnich you 's .ve accomplished this Capture.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. MONDiv.—Before Mr. F. Monks Ca the chair), Alderman Sutton, Mr. fireball, and Mr. S. Wright. THEFT BY A FORMER ARMY SERGEANT.—JOhII Thomas Ho'croft was charged wiab stealing 41b. of bacon and some cheese and ham, the property of William Baton.—lt appeared that the prisoner went into the Cattle Market Inn on Saturday, and while being served with refreshments he picked up a parcel contaiaing the pr.wisions mentioned in the charge, wrapped It In a handkerchief, and wert away.— The Chief Constable said the prisoner was formerly a sergeant In the army. and nothing was known against his character.—A conviction was recorded. A DRUNKEN WOMAN'S ROWDYISM.—BrIdget Lally. a well- known character, who made her tllst appearance, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street on Saturday night. with breaking a window at the Lower Angel public-house, value £3 175.. and with assaulting John Howard. the manager —William Osborne, a barman. said at eight o'clock on Saturday evening the prisoner came into the Lower Angel drunk, and asked for some beer. They refused to serve her, and as she would not leave the premises when requested, witness ejected her. -be then returned and picking up a pint glass threw it at him. She broke a window with her clog and assaulted the manager, John Harvard.— Evidence was given by Howard to the effect that the prisoner hit him on the head with her clog, Inflicting a wound which bled a good deal.—P.C. Bennett said be and P.C. Carter had great difficulty In getting the prisoner to the Police Station.—A sentence of three months was imposed. DRUNICENNESS.—Patriak Burke and John Baton were fined for this offence.

WEDNESDIY.—Before Mr. Jahn Fairciourh (in the chair), Mr Geddes, and Mr. Birch&ll. DEITNII AND DISORDERLY.- James Curley was tined ss.and costa for being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street on the previous day.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

- - - Tittraenow.—Before Mr. T. S. Gillespie (chairman) Mr. C. B.ll'. ron. Colonel Wood, and Mr. R. Stone. DRITNICIEN77. B.—The following were dealt with for being drunk and disorderly.—William Thomas. Newton, 26th March, fined 2,6 d. and cuts ; Charles Fitton. 2nd April, Newton, 'es. 6d. an 1 costs •, William Travis, lit April, in Newton, 2s. 6d. and costs ; Rdward Cannon, 2nd April. New- n, Se, and costs; Joseph Bassett.Hewton, 19th March 2s. 6d and costs ; John Haverty. 2nd April, Newton 51. and Costs ; James 1110419dt 2nd April, Newton. 2s. 61. and costs ; An_ thong Carrney, sth Anvil, In Golborne. discharged with a caution ; Peter Travis, 7th April, in Go'borne. ss. and costs, lidward Noon and Thomas Travis, April 9th, in Golborne, Si. and amts. UNLICESSED OOss.—James Hamblen, Hawicck, was fined 7. 6d. and costs for keeping a dor w'thout a license en the 25th March; Daniel Swift 9th March. two dogs nnlieeneed at Rowlock, fined 7s, sd. and costs. CAAELnaII DRIVER.— John Smith was charred with riling on a lorry and in charge of two horses without reins on April let in Winwlck l-fe pleaded guilty.—P.C. Groarke proved the case, and defendant was flo,d Is. and costs. A TRETOTAL HORSlE.—Thnnias Inca was charged with hav- ing in the 3rd April la Newton broken a glass value 35.. the property of George Waywell. on April 3rd.—lle pleaded not guilty. —Mr. H. A. White, solicitor, Warrington. prosecuted on behalf of George WavWell. licensee of the Bull's Head, Lowton, and said that though the offence appeared to be trivial In the light of the damage. he thought the Bench would believe the Case to be a serious one when they heard the circumstances. On Sunday, April 3rd. between four and five In the afternoon when complainant's house was closed. defendant came to the door of the Bull's Head and knocked. Complainant's daughter, Agnes Wayw,ll, went to the door, and saw defendant there In a state of intoxication. She re- fused to admit him. Shortly afterwards there was another knock, and complainant's sow this time refused defendant admission, and closed the door. Defendant was then oh.' served Ly a man on the other side of the road to climb on the window-sill ef the house and, reach a glass of beer from a companion inside through the opening at the top of the window. Defendant drank the beer and then went to a horse standing outside and ttled to fares the horse to drink the rest. The horse resisted and seemed to be dis- inclined to delnk the beer. Defendant feronl the glass against the horse's month and broke it against the animal's teeth. Complainant's son then came out, and defendant denied altogether that he lead broken the glass, and threatened to knock Walter Waywell's head off. After soma demur he produced a broken tumbler from under the seat of the trap. Defendant refused to pay for the tumbler but when complainant tame out and threatened to take another course, he offered 2d. for the glass. Complainant refused to take the rnoney.—Agnes Waywell. Walter Waywell. aeorge WRY we'l. and Hobert Moore, corroborated Mr. White, 3100 re stated that be saw defendant receive the beer through the window, drink a portion of it and then try to force the horse to drink the d rest.—Defendant Called a witness fen that he was in the Bull's He when ant came to the ad named, Sutton who stated window and said theY would not admit him. Witness then g offered him a, glass of beer as he had ordered two thinking de- fendant was following him in. Afterwards defendant offered beth 2d. and 3-1. for the glass.—The Bench ordered _oanbodrn the cost.. ec was fined to pay the damage to the glass enneowys PlRE.—Mary Hart. CI I Vara 36.8 d. for having her chimney on fire on March 28th. A similar charge was brought against Unsworth, Golborna, on April 7, and he was fined 3s. 6d. Including DOG AT LARGE.— For In Newton on April 2nd, Charles Forshaw was • 6d • Ine..cuitnit costs, allowing his dog to be at large fined 3s

BTIPS IBM ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED. AN)? mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HBADS HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds 'made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies Birds' Bags, Glass shades, Stags' Heads. Cabinets. Store Boxes, Nets and all requisites for Butterfly and Egg Collectors —B. Coors. Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw - street, Literpool Established 24 years.

EMMANUEL CHURCH INSTITUTE, WARRINUTON.

"THE REFORMERS OF THE lies CENTORY." The Rev. C. J. Millar cencluded his series of fed- nightly lectures on" The Reformers," by taking" John Wesley" as his subject on Thursday last week. There was a good attendance in the schoolroom over Arpley station, and much interest was taken in the lecture, which, in common with the whole series, has been of an attractive and instructive character. At the outset the lecturer said that as we associated Wycliffe with the rectory of Lutterworth so the cradle of the Wesleyans was to be found in another little country rectory,namely, Epwerth in Lineolnshire. He then went on to describe the condition of England in the 18th century, dwelling particularly on the Vale of Cheddar in Somersetehire as described by Hannah More. She alluded to the farmers of that fertile vale as being "as ignorant as tile beasts that perish," and added that "every day before dinner she could plunge into such vice as to make her think London a virtuous place." The star that arose in this place of darkness was John Wesley. He had been or lained a clergyman of the Church of England in 1725 and together with four young Oxford students began to spend some evenings in the week in studying the Greek Testament. They partook of the Holy Communion weakly and had regular days of fasting and prayer,and it was thraugh this very regularity that they obtained the name of Methodists. In fact Methodism during its early history was a Society of English Churchmen banded together for mutual edification, for prayer, and for the study of the Scrip- tures. Wesley would hold no service nor would he suffer any of his preachers to hold a service in any place at the same time as the Church service, and the first Methodists held their services on an early hour in the morning or late at night in their Parish Churches. Perhaps somebody might ask "if John Wesley never wished his Society to leave the Church of England why did he form any Society at all ? " The answer to that question must be found in the works of Macaulay and Fronde, and in the picture that they drew of the social and religious life in the days of Queen Anne, and of the Georges. Wssleyans, said the lecturer, had a forgotten gospel to preach,--the Goepel of convenion by which men were made new creatures. Though the churches were soon shut against him, and his zeal and theory of instan- taneous conversion offended the ministers of the Episco- pal Church, yet John Wesley now preached in the open air. His church was no longer bounded by four walls and a roof, but by the vault of Heaven above, and by the range of his powerful voice below. Never man preached before or since, as John Wesley preached, and a writer who was contemporary with him said that " men were smitten by his words as a field of standing corn by the tempest." Wesley could not remain in the Church of England with men whose teaching and funda- mentals of religion were diametrically opposed. The Methodists elected to leave, and no reconciliation, was, as far as the lecturer could see, possible. At the close a collection was taken towards liquidat- ing the debt on the church, and Mr. Miller announced that he would shortly deliver a popular lectura on " Scottish Wit and Humour."

===== 0002601_18980415_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
DO YOU DESIRE LONG LIFE?

In Deuteronomy xxxiv. 7, we read that " Moses was an hundred and twenty years old when he died; his eye was not dim nor his natural strength abated." And in- stances of extreme longevity appear often is the news- papers of our time. Russian statistics vouch for the ex istenee at the present day of several persons who have exeeeded a century,net only by thirty or forty,but even by fifty years. In a late number of the " Nineteenth Century" Lady Glenesk argues that tha human being was intended for greater length of life than is usually attained in our artificial existence ; and that, under fa- vourable oircumstanceg, he ought to lire about one hun- dred and twenty years. It is a well-attested scientific fact that an animal lives from five to eight times as long as the period of its growth.

Now, when the ripening period is not artificially has- tened, man requires at least twenty-five years for the organs of the body—not counting the brain, which de- velops later—to reach full growth and maturity. IF, therefore, the ratio just named applies to him (and why should it not ?) he should reach an age quite equal to that of Mosse, And cases are on record which juitify this presumption. Among modern English examples of longevity may be mentioned Lady Smith, who lived to be one hundred and six ; Miss El'z %both Gray ( an aunt of General Cunningham Roberts), will died in 1853 within twenty-two days of her one hundred and eighth birthday ; MIA Johanna Hastings, of Malvern, wlio hi 1835 attained her one hundred and third oirthday ; Wil- iam Mann,of Kirkeeld,near Hadde,whe died at one hun- dred and stem, and Sir Mists Mmteft3re, who died in 1815 in his one handre 1 and fir3t year. Tress am 3b 33 a few out of very many well-attested cases. Tnt ql33ti)a then a.ri334 Why Sc no Xt3DiiOil anm not the rule. What prolongs the lives of a fee to the natural limit, and what shortens the lives of the great majority ? Is it special Providence ? No ; Providence has no favourites . It is unnecessary disease—disease which a larger wisdom may show us how to avoid, or to Cure at its very beginning. • _ .

Here speaks one of the multitude whose lives ought to be loegsr and more efficient.

"In February, 1591," he says, " after al attack of I influenza I was feeble and Jepressed. I had a foul taste in the mouth and was constantly spitting up a thick phlegm—or mucus. I had no relish for food of any kind. Even when I took a little light nourishment, to keep life in me, it seemed to do m3re harm than good. It gave me pain at the p it of the stomach, with distress at the chest. Then a nasty cough set in, which troubled me day and night. I had heavy nightsweats, and was so weak and done for that I gave up all hope of getting better. I feared I was going into a consump tion. I lost all my strength, and if I walked out I had to rest now and then lest I should fall in the street. No medicine that I took helped me. "While I was in this miserable state a little book came into our house telling of cases like mine being cared by Mother Seigel's Syrup. My wife urged me to give it a trial. I consented, and she g,t me a bottle from Mr. W. Sherrat, ahernist, in Q•leen's Road. When I had taken that bottle my appe'ita was bettor, and light food agreed with ms. I kept on with it and soon the cough and night sweats ceased. and I gained erength every day. But I had sunk s 3 low that it took a little time to set me again on my feet. However, when I had used six bottles I was healthy ancrstrong as ever, and able to resume my business. Since then I have been in the best of health. I tell everyone that your medicine has wrought a miracle in my ea an. (Signed) Joshua Lee, 3 Sutherland-street,Queen's-road, Miles Platting, Manches- ter, June 25th, 189 g. One-seventh of the human race die of consumption, and a larger proportion of dysp3psia and the organic diseaees which arise directly from it. Life is the result of the d;gestion of food, and illness and death of the allure of that function. Without good digestion you can never b 3 well,or can you hope for long life. People who itve to be a hundred taus t be able to recruit their strength constantly by means of thoroughly digested food. In all the wide world there is no substitute for this process, nor will there ever be. The increase of longevity depends on it as heat and light depend on the sun in heaven. And to promote perfect digestion there pi nothing to compare with Mother Seiget's Syrup. The secret of long life seems to be in it.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WA.RRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION.

CASTLE RUBBER WORKS T. PEARSON AND KNOWLES. Played on Monday. J. Woodward commenced for the Ironworkers. Spruce and Chapman participated in some clever work for the Rubber Works, Burgess scoring a fine try, Chapraan turning it to good account. Forster made an effort to get clear from a scrimmage, but was grassed before he could part with the ball. PearVn'il men were now dangerously near to the Robber line, and Hockenhall made a desperate effort to get over, but without success. Lally, however, relieved his aids with a neat dribble, which took the play back to centre. Hockenhall again got going, and when near the line passed to Cunningham, who failed altogether, thus throwing away a fine chance. Spruce spoiled another dangerous rush on the part of the ironworkers. R Hocksnhall scored from some scrambling play under the posts. Chapman scored a penalty goal. Half-time arrived with Castle Rubber Works leading by 2 goals and 1 try to 1 try. Restarting with the wind, the frond workers played a forcing game, but only minors resultes- from their eff 3rts. R. Hockenhall bad another anemia ful able at goal. Hockenhall gave Ms side the lead in d hh es atvry y showerweeiei po ervaei dn %lee. Final scored resultu der the a rpsoosnt , a n and Knowles 1 goal 2 tries (8 points), Castle Rubber Works 2 goals 1 try (7 points).

_ DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTER TEA. DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZA.WATTEE TBA Sold by HENRY MILLING and CO., LIMITED, 5 Horsernarket-street, and Corporation Buildings. See Wholesale and Retail Agents for Waxrlngt on .

===== 0002601_18980415_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

WARRINGTON V. BIRKENHEAD WANDE RERS.

THE ROMEF_TERS 1N A SCORING HUMOUR. The Birkenhead Wanderers team made their ini- tial That to Wilderspool on Saturday afternoon,and were welcomed by a crowd numbering about 4,000. There was some interest shown in the fact that the visitors are one of the best of the second league clubs, and would afford comparison between first- class, and second-class football. Unfortunately the Wanderers were short of three of their beat men, Watson, Holmes and Dillon, but nevertheless mus- tered a presentable fifteen. 11:e day was fine, a strong wind blowing from goal to goal. Mr. Beg- wick, of Swinton, was the referee, and the players in his charge were : Warrington : Boscow, full back ; Wood, Duck- worth, Isherwood, and Moores, threequarters ; J. T. Bate, and R. Bate, half hacks ; Taylor, Naylor, Deakin, Mason, Barrett, Hill, Morrison and Fair- hurst, forwards. _

Birkenhead Wanderers : G. Ingham, full hack; Liversedge, Lewis, Clayton, and W. Jones three- quarters ;I. Hayes, and L. Harris, half backs; A. Jones (captain), C. Griffiths, J. Finlan, J. Glover, J. Morgan, G. Garner, C. McGowan, and W. Pilling, forwards. Warrington lost the toss and Taylor started against the wind, Hayes returning with such effect that the ball went over the dead ball line. Aided by the wind the Wanderers p-essed strongly and Liversedge smartly fol- lowing up forced Wood to knock dead. Bate rounded tha scrimmage in brilliant style and passed to Wood,the later handl .g to Duckworth who was held. Bate, Duckworth, Isherwood, and Moores, again handled the oval ffectively, Moores running well into the visitors' half. Lack of speed failed him a moment later, when he had a good opening. The visitors' back play was of a poor description but by dint of kicking and following up they kept Warrington busy defending. Another effort en- tirely by " Smack " carried play to the Wanderers' line, where a scrimmage was formed, and Moores got over but had previously disturbed the touch-flag. • long punt again gave the visitors in Warrington territory,and Moores had to send the ball to the rails at a critical moment. The two Bates. Moores and Isherwood by fine concerted play nearly brought about the visitors' down- fall, Isherwood passing everybody but Ingham, " Smack " Bate, and Moores attacked persistently but darough lack of support failed to score. At length the Wanderers' backs passed with some effect and Jones should have got in without difficulty when he foolishly punted. Boscow cleared his line very effectively, and Deakin was prominent with a fine follow up and tackle of Clayton just before half-time, which arrived without any score.

_ Immediately on resumption, Bob Bate secured and passed to Nayhr, who ran strongly to the line where he gave Barratt a chanca which was missed. Then Mason nearly landed a penalty goal,and passing by Bate, Isher- . . _ . . _

. - vr)od, Duckworth and Wood ,saw the .latter almost over.

_ Warrington's play was now of a totally different charac- ter, and five minutes from the start, Wood broke away, threw across to Moores, and the latter registered the first try. Mason was entrusted with the place, and landed a very good goal. Fine passing by Isherwood, Deakin, Taylor,tnd Mason led to the last named running in cleverly at the corner. He failed to augment the score. Nothing wont wrong with Warrington's efforts just now, and Bate snapped up again, and gave to Hill who dashed through n,ar the posts, Duck- wiarth easily placing a goal. Another try should have followed at once, for Bate get clear in beautiful style and passed to Moore', who was at fault. A change was afforded by Lewis intercepting one of Bate's passes and racing to the home line and, punting past Boscow, Moores just robbing the would-be scorer. Birkenhead pressed for a few moments and should have had a goal from a penalty kick. Warring- ton soon returned to the attack and Isherwood raced in near the goal from an opening made by Ba te uck o rt. ia again kicking a goal. An attempt at passing by the Wanderers was disastrous to them for Wood took the pass meant for Liversedge and was over the line in a twinkling. Morrison had an unsuccessful shot at goal. A piece esf good forward play by Warrington ended in Mason kicking up and romping in with an easy try, which Taylor could not convert. The end arrived with a score reading, Warrington 3 goals 6 tries (24 points), Birkenhead Wanderers, nil.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. LANCASTER.

ANOTHER EASY WIN.

A fairly large crowd assembled at Wilderspool on gonday to witness the re-appearance of the Lancas- trians, who came with a moderate team. This match at one time would have been an impurtant one. but the Lancastrians are now relegated to the second division and proved easy victims to War- rington. NI ascots was an absentee from the hr 1113 team,his place being filled by Sanders. Rain cora- menced fallina just before the match and continued in a steady downpour the whole time. At the com- mencement the ground was not so bad. The teams were as follows : _ _

Warrington: &MOW, full back; Wood, Duck- worth, Isherwood, and Moores, threequarters ; J. T. Bate, and It. Bate, half-backs ; Deakin, Taylor, Nforrison, Nayier, Fairhurst, Hill, Barratt, and Sanders forwards.

Lancaster: kioran, full back; Berth am,Willcoeks. Clowes, and Dobson, threequarters ; Hisome, and Casson, half backs; Lambert (captain), Garnett, Elliott, Middlefell, Jackson, Brockbank, LofthOuse, and Benson forwards. The choice of positions fell to Warrington, and the Laneastrians had to play towards the pavilion goal. There was little wind and after Lambert had started, Duck- worth replied with a kick la touch. Ere long a fine pass- ing run by the Bates, Isherwood, and Moores was near scoring, Moran pushing Moores in touch. From the drop out Isherwood secured and had hard lines with a drop at goal. Moran defended finely and by some powerful kicking drove Warrington back. Dobson ran and punted neatly, Boscow touch- ing' down, and then the gams was carried back by Fairhurst, Morrison, and Bate. Moores was storPed by Moran in the corner, and then" Smack," and Wood made a good effort on the other wing, Wood 'polling it with a bad transfer. More passing by Bate, Duckworth, and Wood gained ground, but the score was averted. Bate and Isherwood gave Moores a beautiful chance which was not accepted, and a similar blunder was made by Deakin after he and Taylor had got right to the line. " Smack " tried to rush through himself but was held. Playing ;n front of the Lancaster goal, the two Bates got away and handed to Isherwood, who cleverly beat the opposing centres and drew first blood. Hill landed a goal. Once started, the scoring went on rapidly. Bate and Isherwood rounded their men in fine style, and heeding to Moores the latter cantered in behind the posts unopposed. Duckworth kicked a goal. A good drop-kick from the centre was made by Moran. Morrison headed a forward rash which bore the visitors back. Duckworth was loudly applauded for a clever dribble over the line, Wood racing up and scoring before the oval could be amt dead. Hill missed the goal. At half time Warring- ton led by 2 goals 3 tries (13 points) to nil. On resurniag, Clowes was to the fore with a snaart run, Hill checking his career. Two of the Lancastrian forwards dribbled half the length of the field and bad the haidest of luck in being robbed by Boscow at the last moment. The game soon travelled to the opposite end again, and Duckworth Bate, Isherwood, and Duokworth uckworth scored cleverly. Passing well, His goal-kick just missed. Isherwood followed suit with a brilliant run through the thick of his opponents, but unfortun- ately fell when near the line. Moores scored his second try at the corner, Naylor making an awful attempt at geal. The field ano the ball w re now very wet and back play deteriorated a great deal, this bringing the Lancastrians more on a level. A scramble near the visitors' line led to Morrison adding Warrington's 6:11 try, Sanders failing at goal. To the close et play War- rington held the upper hand, eventually winning by 2 goals, 6 tries (22 points) to Lancaster nil. RUNCORN v. BIRKENHEAD WANDERERS.—These teams met in a friendly engagement on the Irwell-lane enclo- sure on Monday afternoon before a small number ol spectatore. Rain was falling heavily when the players took the field. Runcorn were obliged to find several substititntes from the reserve team. A somewhat one sided game resulted in a win for Runcorn by two goals five tries (19 points) to one try (three points.) RUNCORN "A " v. RUNCORN RECREATION.—Thene teams met in a friendly engagement on the Irwell-lane enclosure on Saturday afternoon. At half time the score was five points to nil in favour of the A" team. In the second moiety the " A " team continued to hold the upper hand, and eventually ran out winners by two goals four tries to nil. =--

AA.,/

1.

RUNCORN " A " v. BIRKENHEAD IiVANDERERS " A."— Thm match took place at Birkenhead on Monday, and resulted in a win for the %Ashore by two tries (six points) to nil.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN IN TEIVA ORES COMPETITION.

The following are the clubs and results of '.matche that have played in the above competition :—Old Soaps ery v. Mega works. The latter won by three tries to one., a prutest wds lodgei against Wigg's for playing an ineligible man and the match was: ordered to be re- played. 'Shop assistants 2 2-0, Old Quay Ship Cana nil. Runcorn Docks 13 points. Sprincu Yard 5 poinGst Abel's v. Timmin's Foundry. The Latter won by 3 tries to one Played on Tuesday bight (replayed tie). Wiggs v. Runcorn Soapery.. _Wiggs won by 24 0 to nil.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ASPOoTATION:

WARRIWGTON ST. ELPRIN'S V. SEACOMBE SWIFTS.— Played at Dalton Bank on Saturday. Bradshaw won the toss, and Riley started for the Saints, who at once breke away,the visiting custodian having to clear in the first minute. The Saints' forwards, headed by Riley,in- dulged in some pretty passing. Joseph eventually scor- ing, and Riley added a second before the interval, half time arriving with the score two to nil in favour of the Saints, Bradshaw, the Saints' goalkeeper,' not having been called upon once during this half. After the inter- val Seacombe pressed for a time, a miss-kick by Sankey let them it). their inside left sending in a.swift low shot, which Bradshaw in clearing put through his own goal. Resuming the Saints' forwards got in working order, and Riley securing, scored the third goal with a clink- ing shot. From now till cill of time the Saints were continuously pressing, but could not score again, the final result bring—St. Elphin's, 3; Seacombe, 1.

NATURE'S PLEASANT LAXATIVE. CALIFORNIA SYRUP OF FIGS.

There is comfort in the knowledge that so many forms of sickness are not due to any actual disease, but simply to a consti- pated condition of the system. The pill- taking habit is harmful to the constitution, as increased doses have to be taken in order to produce effects which are often painful and not permanently beneficial.

..7.zz.,-,.., . . , . n 1, ~.....0„....,5tki, Igef'.s ;,,44., • ' I'll4* i ,-,;•..,;.;,. ..1 s.,:sii'iN,„ '

===== 0002601_18980415_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
CALiFORiVA SYRUP

ear,- E°9 Par rguo

acts as a perfect laxative should, cleansing and refreshing the system without weak- ening it, permanently curing constipa- tion and its effects.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
PERFECT VIM MEDICINE.

To maintain a healthy habit of body a pure natural laxative niedicirx is required in the Springtime. •••

CALIFORNIA SYRUP OF FIGS admirably fulfils the purpose without Incon- venience or discomfort, and in the shortest time possible. Imitations and substitutes are numerous.

Yoti must ask for "CALI- FORNIA" Syrup of Figs. _ .

Look for the name and trade mark of the CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO., which is on every bottle of the genuine. Of all Chemists. 14.10. A 2s Depot: 32 Snow Hill,London

iztae, F/4-41. .5.4, 4 • 'PG PdaiNC66l' ,NO Trade Mark.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON HIGHWAY BOARD.

A meeting of the Warrington Highway Board waq held in B9wsey-st. Chambers on Wednesday afternoon, Captain Withington presiding. There were alss present Messrs. Jame Houghton, J. Clare, Henry Thornton R. Ormrod. W. F Omit:nigh, W. Houghton, J.P.. T. Halton, J. Bill, E. A. White (clerk), J. Thompson (surveyor).

===== 0002601_18980415_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCOUNTS.

The CLERK pr C ate 1 the yearly statement of AC munta. rhe expenditure during the bast year was as follows : Mein roaoB rntrraal labmar. £925 193 lid ; team labour, £4OB 5e 21 ; material,‘. £1384 34 81 ; tradesmen's bills £149 193 lid ; total, £2863 84 81; secondary roads, manual labeur, £967 143 51; team labour £330 54 51 ; materials, £595 21 31 ' • trades- men's bills. £99 143 91 ; total. £1,993 OA 103 ; diatrict roads, manual labour, £725; teaca labour, £250 131 81 ; materials, £386 164 91 ; trades- men's bills, £30824 71 ; total, £1670 131 Od ; provements. £1549 21 21 ; law charges. £5 121 10c1 ; salaries, £505 16s 61; general expenses, £206 3s 61;total expenditure nhargeable under all heads, for the past Year VIM 17,1 81. There had been received from the , County Council and other sources £4575 123 73, wkich left chargeable against the townships the sum of £4223 43 11d, which Burn would be appor- tional among the townships according to their rateable 'values. They had to take off the amount received from the townahipq in calls, which amounted to £3,315 17s, ' and 037 7•1 8i from Little Sankey, and the balance against the townships was £440 0 3i.There was a total balance of £491 164 id on the wrong side, which was debited to the different tawnships. The Clerk added that there was about £l,OOO due the Ceunty Council in re- spect of last yeat's work so that they really had no balance on the wron. side, -- - .

The Stray Erna : There i 3 21,118 due from the County Council. The Caerax.oi : Then wo are really about £6OO in hand.

.The accounts were pass. 4 on the motion of Mr. James Houghton, seconded by Mr. Clare.

.BAL- TON'S BRIDGB.

' A letter was read from the County Surveyor in which ke stated that the County Council could not at present proceed with the improvement of Halton's Bridge. The CHAIRDIkN : It is very evident that there is not much to hope from that source r t nresent.

PENEETH-ELNE END. Mr. HA.I.TOV asked if there wag auythine done with the a Iteratiln in Penlketh=ane end. Tkr SURVEEOR %id he was vine to have it surveyed Wel"briy^:l as Poisible, and plans would be sent to Mr.

TAR ASTENDiNCO OF MgMBISOS. The CLERIC gall there had been seven meetings of the Elichway Board, and the members had attended them as follows :—Wright, 3 ; Clare, 7 ; Staniar.none ; Rigby, 4 ; Ormrod, 5 ; Garnett, 6 ; Thornton, ; Lowe, 1; Ball, 7; Lonc,ton, 2; J. Flonhton, 7 •, Captain Withington, 6 ; W. Flousrbton, 6; T. }Talton, 6. There had been 11. corn- mittPo ronctiogs, atten4.,l an follows : Fairclough, 8 ; Wright, none ; Clare 10 ; Flalton, 5 ; Staniar, none Rigby, 3 Ormrod, 2; Garnett, 4 ; Thornton. 9 ; L'"ve. 2 ; Ball, 7 ; 1.-mreton, 4' • J. Houghton, 11 ; Captain Withington, 7 ; Wiliiaflotcii, 5.

VOTES OF =Amu. Mr. Wur..rem FIOTIGHTON moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his efficient conduct in the chair dur- ing the year jest closing. Hia short experience on the f 3 lard had been a very pleasant one, and the pleasure of the meetings had been much contributed to by the ex- treme courtesy they had always received at the hands of the chairman. The more he (Mr. Houghton) saw of the 111 rd the better he liked it. Mr. J. BALL aaid he had great pleasure in seconding tho motion, which was put to the meeting by Mr. plonghton and passed unanimously. The CHAIRMAN, in response, said hn had to thank the way wardens very much for their hearty appreciation of his services during ths past year. He could only say, as on many previous occasions, that he always hoped to do has hest. He was the first elected chairman of the Board some 31 years ago, but being absent for some years he got out of the work, and on his return felt it to be a great compliment when he was re-elected. He found the more meetings he could attend the better he was pleased with himself. Hc st•ould not however be much me in the chair but for the senior and junior vice-chair- MPU, who both supported him very well. All the mem- bers worked very harmoniously together and he hoped they would continue to do so. He would propose Chat they give their hearty thanks to the senior and junior vice-chairmen. Mr. Thorny Titorairox seconded. He had enjoyed the Board meetings very much for the past two years, and it added much to the pleasure of tbe meetings to have two such gesalemen in the senior and junior vice-chairs. The motion was carried, and Messrs. J. Rouehton and Clare having responded, the meeting terminated.

There seems to be a belief, amounting to conviction, in the United States, that the Mormon Chul oh was not honest in its a bargionment of polygamy. but simply prof.'ssed its All' htion to secure Stateh,,nd. The difficulty of gettino trultworthy statistics is almost insuperable, As all Mormon marriages are performed in Mormon temples, when Gentiles are never allowed to enter. All ceremonies are secret, and all records hidden. But the " Independent," a New York religious paper, sent a circular to the postmasters of Utah asking certain speci- fic questions. The replies show that 2,500 men and 5,500 women were living in polygamy at the time of Utah's admission to the Union, and that at the present time " nearly all" have resumed their former relation.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
. 1-,,d1: 15

Ir Uio A,; 1) .

The German Government has resolved not to intro- duce a new rifla of smaTer calibre than the present one, as it is more easily deranged and not 'note serviceable in other resmcts. The preeent rifle, however, is to be furnished with a strip of steelplate instead of the cart- ridge-box, to facilitate loading., and a wooden case for the barrel, instead of the mantle. The method of clean- ing has been cmsidvrably improysd, the rifles having suffered materially from the present method. These im- provements will be expensive,but not nearly co much so as the introduction of a new weapon. A lighter and smaller side atm, better adapted for fixing to the rifle, will probably be introduced.

If the news that has come simultaneously from Vic- toria and oattle be true, a great disaster has happened on the road to Klondike. A body of emigrants seem to have been in the act of extricating their baggage from a snew-slip when a second and larger mass of snow fell down and buried them. The number of lives lost is estimated at from fifty to a hundred or more. Appar- ently it i 4 not known at al accurately how many travel- lers were buried in the snow, but olly twenty-five Were taken out alive, and twenty-two dead bodies had been recovered when the message left. Sheep Camp is the first of the two regular stopping places (m the weary road up the western side of the Chiikoot or Taiya Pass. Beyond it lies the most diffi,mlt part of the ascent, and there is a great glacier just above it. The snow lies thick all round, in the pass as well as on the slopes above ; indeed it is the snow under foot that makes the Chilkoet PASS in winter the best of the routes to Dawson City. When the summer thaw sets in.the track be- comes impassable far pack animals, and we know now that even at the beginning of April the snow may be. come a serious danger instead of a help t 3 the traveller. r This disaster shows the urgent need for the construction of a safe road for the vast stream of emigrants to the goldfields.

The latest papers from Ausiralia contain a god many comments on the behaviour of the spectators of the re- cent cricket matches. Several members of Mr. SW- dart's Eleven appear to think that there was a deliberate intention to insult them,and in one of his later speeches Mr. Stoddart publicly complained that they had been " hooted and hissed in every match and on every guaind without exception." The general Australian opinion,on the other hand,is that the visitors have taken the matter too much to heart, if indeed they have not often cursed the, A.ustralian habit of " barracking " with personal bitterness. The visitors might says the " Manchester Guardian," et least take comfort from the reflection that tha " barracking " was distributed ; no one was more unmercifully chaffed than Mr.Gs.rrett in one of the matches on the Sydney ground, and he is an Australian of Australians. No doubt the behaviour of spectators was often too truculent to be re- garded as a joke,but there are boors and silly people in every crowd, and it would be a pity if no allowance could be made for these things by men who come from a country where referees sometimes leave the playing-field on a shutter. Ranjitsinhji is very naturally less quali- fied to understand the c ,lonial manner than other mem- bers of the team,and one is not surprised to learn that he is peculiarly aggrieved. If the " barracking " inter- feres with the cricket as talking " on the stroke" inter- feres with the playing of golf,then the mauagers of clubs have a fair excuse for abating the nuisance without offending anybody.

The " Times " Vienna correspondent telegraphs Some interesting particulars of a new application of the Rentgen rays for curative purposes were communicated by Dr. Edward Schiff,lecturer at the Vienna University, at the last sitting of the Imperial and Royal Medical S:)- cietv. A series of experiments conducted by Dr. Schiff and his assistant proved that these rays could be used for the cure of disease in a manner capable of perfect control by means of a more or less intense application for a longer or shorter period,producing reaction in the exact degree required. In this way it has been possible for the lecturer, on the one hand, to remove hair from parts of the body where it constituted a disfigurement without causing the slightest infiammation,while,on the other hand,he has been able to treat lupus with uniform succeol by means of an artifi3ial inflammation the inten- sity of which he was in a position to increase or reduce at will. The results sscured by the new method both in the removal of superfluous hair and the treatment of lupus were demonstrated in the persons of some of Dr. Schiff's patients.

The recent week of self-denial observed by the mem- bers of the Salvation Army has yielded in the British Isles alone £33,000, or nearly £B,OOO more than was similarly raised last year. The returns from British colonies and foreign c untries have not yet been re- ceived. Wales sends £1,344, Manchester, £1,105 Tele- graphing from the United States, General Booth con- gratulates his " British forces " upon the results of their self-denial efforto. no adds :—" Your magnificent and unprecedented self-denial achievements have earned my deepest gratitude. lam satisfied that the outcome of the offering will not only prove of immense benefit to the dark, suffering, sinning masses, but also constitutes a monumental object-lesson to the entire Army."

In spite of his eighty years King Christian of Danmark may often be seen in tha streets of Copenhagen walking about with steps so light and elastic that he may be envied by many men not half his age, or he may be seen on horseback, erect as a young lieutenant who has just left his military school. When King Christian was in London five years ago at the wedding of the Duke of York he was one day seen on the top of an omnibus, which he had mounted in order to get a better view of London street life, and nobody who saw him jump into the rail way carriage at Liverpool-street Station on the day he left could think of a man in the middle of his eighth decade. The King has not grown much older since then.

A cow is the last creature one would expect to 8003 with earringq,yet every cow in Belgium must wear them now. The director-general of agriculture has issued a regulation that all animals of the bovine species are to wear earrings as soon as they have attained the age of thve months. This is a hygienic measure, intended to prevent the introduction into Bolgium of animals suffer- ing from tuberculosis. Breeders are obliged to keep an exact account of the animals raised by them, and the ring, on which is engraved a number, is fastened in the animal's ear for the purpose of preventieg the substitu- tion of one animal for another.

The potato has the following composition in parts per 100 : Watsr, 75 77. Albuminoids, 1 79. Fat, .16. Carbohydrates, 21.31. Salts, '97. Here the nutriment may be looked upon as about 23 per cent; but it should be noted that the albuminous matter surrounds the skin of the potato,and if the skiu is pared off one cannot help but remove this albuminous matter at the same time; 'tiler( fore, potatoes should be boiled in their skins, which makes it nossible to remove them without the albumin- ous layer underneath. Moreover, the skin acts ask mem- brane resisting the soaking out of the valuable salts. If potatoes are peeled they should not be allowed to soak in water before boiling, as this helps to dissolve out the soluble salts. The dissolving out of thr salts is reduced to a minimum by baking or steaming the potatoes.

Mr. Consul Cusack Smith, in hie repor . of the trade of Samoa issued on Wednesday, sheds tears of mingled ad- miration aria envy over the enterprise of the unwearied Teuton. "A high•class German commercial traveller," he sacs, "has recently visited Samoa with excellent samples at really rnarvellously chsap prices, and ob- tained £2,000 worth of orders, mainly from British traders. Be will be three years absent from Germany, and is now visiting the coloniee. It each colony there awaits him a completely new and different set of samples suited to that particular colony, and be antici- ipates a very large business." The curious thing is that this traveller admitted that most or many of his goods ware originally made in Manchester, whence they were shipped to Germany to be stamped with the German trademarks. To the touching reproach that in that case "you Germans must get the credit for many things made in Germany' which you never make at all," the traveller cheerfully replied, "That is quite true. The English manufacturers won't send out goods, so we do it, and make a profit." The anecdote is commended to the notice of Sir Howard Vincent.

Fancy. Dre,

Faded ribbons, gloves, laces, muslins, silks, stockings, feathers—everything wear- able, in short, can be dyed the most brilliant and beau- tiful colours for the small sanx of sixpence by

,sses 0 "4- 1 ... , ed 4 16 '" .."'. V, II l d ' / '''. •1? -- 1 • A*A '4 R°e / tAtt \ e le 5, ay, • lkets.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Diamon Dyes

Lasting and durable. _ not run, smudge or fade from exposure to light or the use of soapsuds. Clever. Industrious fingers, with the aid of these beautiful dyes, can make the most bright and fascinating fancy ball dress out of the most unpro- mising materials, and no one any the wiser. Sold everywhere, 3d. and 6d. paci A dainty book, "Successful Home Dyeing," and forty-live samples of dyed cloth, sent gratis and post free. Address, DISMOID DYES, Si & 32 Snow Hlll, London, EA

Cc:lA(4lll.ms'. -Cement for Oro ca I G 13171. .7 1. 411 1 postage id. Soldevery where , 11n3 9.4 abrovi. —Ado:. LINNIEED COMPOUND (yrade Mark), gives Expectoration without strain. 90., 13fd., Soldby Chemists only,—Adrot

===== 0002601_18980415_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOA.RD OF

GUARDIANS.

A. meetinx of this Board was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Mr. G. Pil- ling presided, and there were also present :—Mm. Clay, Revs. T. R. Matthews, and J. H. Riddette. Dr. Patterson, Messrs. J. W. Knowles, A. J. Riley, A. Jolley, William Houghton, J.P., H. Hibbert.J. Billinge, W. Hickman, S Davies, J. Clarke, T. B. Malkin, J. Dignum, with Mr. J. C. Sutton (clerk), Mr. Ward (workhouse master), Mr. Wright(superintendent Padgate Schools). PUBLIC-HOUSE ASSESSMEN FS.-A QUESTION Foa THE ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE.

The Crmex reported that the Assessment Committee had allowed bins £125 as Salary and £35 for office ex- penses. This was £lO more than usual for extraordin- ary services. The Crum:max moved, and Mr. A. J• Jolley seconded, the confirmation of the Assessment Conamittce's minutes. The Rev. J. H. RIDDEITH said as that was the only opportunity he had of offering a remark on the work of the Assessment Committee he would suggest that the new committee should take iuto consideration the de- sirability of a fresh revision of the assessments of pro- perty in Warrington. He would also express the plea- sure he felt at Mr. Pilling's re-election as a member of the Board, and by making that remark his reference to the work of the Assessment Committee would not be misunderstood. Of course, it was quite legitimate for any portion of the public of Warrington to express their dissatisfaction with the proceedings of the committee by attaekiug the Chairikan. et the same time, whilst it was leeitirn Ate, it was hardly fair to attempt to make him the scapegoat for what might be considered to be the omissions or transgressions of the committee as a body. Mr. BILLINGS : Thera are none. The Rev. J. H. RIDDSITTS : I know it is an open ques- tion. Still I hope I shall not be considered out of place In making that suggestion. The CHAIRMAN : I have ne doubt the committee will be able to loek after their own work. Whoever is ap- pointed will soon find out vahethor the work of the Assessment Committee is correct or not. The Rey. J. El. RIDDETTE : I offer no opinion, and I wish to separate myself entirely from any individual grievance. My contention is that a fair cage for inquiry has been made out independently of any personal grievance which may have been ventilated at any time, and with which I have nothing whatever to do. Mr. HICKMAN : I should like to ask Mr. Riddette, throueh the chair, if he means the revision of the whole of the public-houses, or the re-assessment of the whole of the borough The R.V. J. H. RIDDISTTS : Public-house property. Tee CHAIRMAN : I took it that you meant every- thing. Mr. McKim( : In reply to that I may say that only a short time agro there was a re-assessment of the whole of the public-house property in Warrington. If Mr. Riddette means that there should he a re-sesesement of the whole of the berough, I quite agree with him. The CHAIRMAN : It is a question for the MONIST/Mt Committee. Mr. DAVIES : The discussion is a little bit out of order. Toe CHAIRMAN It is.. .

The CLERK said he would like to say a word or two He thought that Mr. Riddette, as the guardian of Hay- dock, and his colleagues, and the guardians of all the townships not within the borough of Warrington, were peculiarly interested in the question, because one of the suggektionn was that Wsrrington should be assessed at from £120,000 to £130,000 more than it was now. If that was so a great grievance existed in the case of the other parishes which were assessed to the maliurn value of their hereditaments. He wished to say, with a per-, feet knowledge of how public-houses were assessed all through the county, that in Warrington they were net only reasonably assessed, but he might say,at the maxi- mum value.

The Rev. J. H. RIDDETTE said he wished b express his obligations to the Clerk for the statement he had just made. Flis suggestion -g-as not thrown out in any spirit of hostility either to the Chairman of the committee or to any member of it.

The CHAIRMILN : I quite believe that. The subject then dropped. THE COST OF THE BOARD OF GUARDIANS ELECTIONS. The CLERK submitted a statement showing the cost ef the recent elections of Guardians iR the Union. He pointed out that it was not quite complete as the cost of printing had not yet been fully ascertained. In Hay• dock where a contested election tcok place he had not received the accounts. The fees and payments for Latch- ford were £lB 145. 61. ; for the contested elections in Warrington £56 13s. 81.; uncontested elections in War- rington £3 35. ; Newton (uncontcsted) £2 12s. 61. ; Hay- dock (uncomterted wards) is, making a total of £BO 4s. 111. Mr. BILLINEE said be would like to know what the acciou of a certain gentleman, whom they all knew, had cost the ratepayers. 9e would be glad if the Clerk would tell them the cost of the elections in Orford and Latch- ford wards. The CLERIC said Latchford as £l6 145. 61., and Or- ford £lO 10r. There was also the cost of printing to be added to the latter, Mr. BlLLneen : It practically means that this gentle-

man's action has cost the ratepayers £3o,and still he did not exert himself in the election. The sooner there is & penalay put On gentlemen of this description the better. (Dear, hear.) ile has been the cause or a dead loss of £3O to the ratepayers. The accounts were then passed. INSPECTION OF WORKHOUSE CHILDREN. The House Committee's minutes stated that a vote Of thanks to the Chairman and Vice-cbairman of the cool. mittee was passed. In hig report, the Workhouse mag. ter stated that Mr. J. R. M z'ey, the inspector of Poor Law Schools, had made the fallowing entry in his (the Master's) books : "I have inspected the schools to-day. The children did as well as under the circumeances caw be expected. The needlework is satisfactory." The Rev. J. H.RIDDETTE said he wished to express hie satisfaction with the Workhouse School. He thought ib was the brightest part of the building, and there was nOk doubt that Miss Ward took a deep interest in her work. He would like to knnw what the qualifying worda"undse the circumstances " meant.

Mr. WARD said the children were very young,and sem. of them were only in school for a few weeks. Constant changes took place among it the children at this schools That was what the Inspector referred te. The minutes were approved of. THE STATE OF THE BOARD ROOM. Mr. WILLIAM Honeurrota called attentisn to the need of renovating the Board room. He thought the Rouse Committee might endeavour to put it in order before the new Board assembled.

The GRUBMAN It is certainly a disgrace at the prs• sent time.

The CLERIC : If you renovate it, it may not occur tilt the new Board that a spirit of economy prevails. (Laughter.) The Cmainmarr: I think the Board might resolve that, the Board room he decorated.

Mr. Wu. 11013611T0N : I shall have great pleasure ia moviag it. Mr. S. DAVIES seconded. The Rev. J. U. RIDDETTIi supported,and the resolution wag agreed to.—The Chairman with Mr.A. J. Jolley,Mr. A. Jolley, and Mr. S. Davies were appointed a 1111b-0001. mittee to attend to the matter. PADGATE SCHOOLS. At a meeting of the School Committee a vote of thanks was passed to the Superintendent and Matron fos their services at the ~chools. Th.. report of Mr. J. E. Mozley,the inspector of the Poor Law Schools read as follows: "Roth boys and girls passed good examine, tions. Arithmetical problem.; might receive more atten- tion in the boys' school. lam glad to gee that a large piece of ground has 10-en laid down in grass for the children to play on. I hop,, that when the grams le strong enough to bear it, girls al well as boys will make use of it."

The minutes were pored on the motion of Mr. A. J. Jolley. VOTE OF THANKS TO THE PRESS. The Rev. J. H. RIDDRTTE said they had listened to several votes of thanks but he noticed one omission, and that was the omission to express their sense of the pule. lie service rendered by the locel prees by its full and careful reporting of the proceedings of the Beard. He felt sure they all recognised the impartiality and accuracy with which the reports of that Board had gone forth to the public. He had oftetimell admired the judicious editing which took place. They could imagine how the public of Warrington would be staggered if they were to be informed for instance of the disquisition of one of their legal members that morning on the qualities of maaure. (Laughter.) But joking apart, he felt sure it was good for the public t know what the Board was doing. The public had an opportunity of seeing how excellently they were served by the persons who repro. sented them, and it was good for the members of the Board to know that they were conducting the businell under the salutary influence of public criticism. They must have ill admired themselves when they bad seen themselves in the mirror of the public press. (Laughter.) They were all aware that the press did a great service and the members must have been struck with the pa. tience of the reporters as they listened to their lons discussions. Patience was one of the endowments of a good newspaper reporter. He made these observation in all sincerity, and he hoped someone would secoad the vote of thanks. Mr. B 11313111aT seconded. Mr. KNownss supported, and remarked that tie members had s erest deal to thank the press for. Tbe resolution was unanimously carried.—Mr. J. Lawton, and Mr. J. Hawthorn reepended. A VOTE OF SYMPATHY.

Mr. BILLINGE proposed that the Board pass a vote of sympathy with Mr. John Houghton, the senior member of the Board, and who had now retired, This wit, omitted at the last meeting, lie would also like to add to the resolution a vote of thanks to thosa members of the Board who had retired from the Board this election.

Dr. PATTERSON seconded. and the resolution waS unanimously passed. This concluded the business of the Board.

DELICIOUS MAZ MATTER TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWAT.'EFt TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTRE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA Coe far in brewing and "ever varies. Sold by HENRY MILLING and Co., LIMITED, 5, Horsemarket-street, and Corporation Buildings. Sole Wholesale and Retail AAents for Warrington.

1

===== 0002601_18980415_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
(Registered (lopyt i gilt.)

===== 0002601_18980415_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
1, N S ILME NT S. A s 4.4 . IGf7LARITIRS. fro, —A Lady, having tried in vain aleQere7 advertised remedy, has fit last discovered a vore, which will act in a few hottre, no matter how lallorn the case. Boni-fide sufferers can get it FEHR of ll by enalosing et,vaped envelope. Don't experiment tontri,-„„grthiess Pills, tattures Cones and other injurious /Vete at en7n with full and and CONFl- thaa,..-4 to lar3. 0. AIR, 46, Southarap o Buildings

===== 0002601_18980415_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, • ,

===== 0002601_18980415_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary postage.

5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 ..

===== 0002601_18980415_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ~

===== 0002601_18980415_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
RWEIVING HOUSE— I niarlestown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

SUB-OFFIoEs - *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 Pm. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

WALL BOXEB— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statioa (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Legh Street. Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

5,10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m.

6-40 p.m 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earles town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ; from all Sub-Offices at the same time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS t-

I To I By I Callers. I Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorksldre, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, Preseot, Wigan, Orms- kirk With k Earlesi own London. Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester ..

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 , 11-30 „ 11-45 1. 12-0

11-30 aan

L 2-15 p.m.

Manchester London and Foreign, South, Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland tilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midland, Northern, i&astern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London 84 Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties .

2-lb 3-15 ,

3-15 m.

5-30 p.m.

8-30 ..

TO WOMEN.

Female Irregularities ani Obstructions Quickly and Safely Corrected in a flw hours. y a new and simple method, particulars of which 11 be sent free on receipt of stamped envelope Advice Free by Letter. Be wise In time.

MR. L. MARTY N, 20, 1131Fhopegao Without, London.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earletdown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts Wast of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day

Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DEVATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra itl. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
10-35 a.m

2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. a-55 LEI a.m

===== 0002601_18980415_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRMINGHAM, C. aV. Ni'R.l7, and LONDON.

PRICE LIST FREE

===== 0002601_18980415_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
,PPLICATI ON

6-45 a.m.

1 7-0 a.m . :, ex ay

===== 0002601_18980415_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO M.

When you are tired of ttkin n—aii-ieous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs write to me and I will send you a tok which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, So., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE,, NO RUT- TED:NTT. Sent in envelope on rcccil.t o two stsrops icr age. J. LaiGar,92-93, Great Russellqtreet,London, 1.7.0

===== 0002601_18980415_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TJ-1 DAIUIi DU VAL 8

LAVENDER" PILLS EDE LADIES.

SPERDY, SAFE 'IND CF,NTIVIN. IN ,TILIXEb 23. 9.1. nn t 4s. 6.1. roat troe. SecreVy•pitcked from 1311 .V%W. 7, ST, NM-IY%; CHAMII-Jts, r. MXtat, _ .

LUNDOX, h.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
TIP /E I‘.3FIC X Mtr

===== 0002601_18980415_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
doe4ltd donf

===== 0002601_18980415_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
All Chemists. Wholesale Depot: 104, Golden Lane, E.G

===== 0002601_18980415_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
it

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L! do

===== 0002601_18980415_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
CURES when all other Remedies fail

' • "„ivrarrisio' °,' , • r ce,„ (....;46.va ib...,,,,kt, ..e 4 0 yitiSiLl

===== 0002601_18980415_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

IN RELIEVINCALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes all bard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you Fuller, try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes, 1 tli. of all Chemists. N. BEETHAM &SON, Chemists, HELTENHAM.

owLEsplNSNTypEsodiALpiits • COR FEMALE Si. Qtriamy cm= us IRRIEGULARXTINI, Bilatovs ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the disktning ernptome BO prevalent with these:. Boxes, 1/1i &29 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 54 stamps. by E. T. TOWLE Co., Manufactarere, Dryden St., Nottingham.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
<wwwwv...ANNAAAAAAAI

Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- sence. Makes a cup in a moment.

THE GREAT REMEDY.

17% n >44L,IA 14 ra, °s4l a UT 1.47 PILLs

FOE GOUT EHEUMATIShI, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Ss e an free tual. Ali Chemists and stores Is.ld and 23. 9d.boa.

re ilve+e•e4e.coooevs.ase I,Satisfactory alike to guest and host is coffee made with Symington's Edinburgh Coffee 0 0 Essence. Sold in small and 1- r,---,-, ' ! bottles by Grocers everywhere. 1 dioosoova,?: 3t.54.0004,e4GD0C 0 01-t

anYCLES ! CYCLES V For Ladies and Gentlemen, "ROYAL AJAX' are finest Takla. Carriage Pal r 1.30 per mat cheaper than elsewhere. m men se Stock. New and secondhand. Haey terms From lOs Monthly. OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED, VS Illustrated List* Post Free. Large Cycle Riding sebtool THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO., 45, EVERTOR-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. City Branch : 30, ELLIOTT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 Anfield.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980415_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
7iet‘erss to the Otlttor.

WORKS COMPETITION.

Sir,—l beg to take up a little space in your valuable paper to make a few remarks in reference to the above, and more particular:y to the match which took place a week last night,vlx., Fletcher's V. Cheshire Lines. It has generally been the hoist of the Warrington specta- tors that; they always give fair play to the opposing club. They do not extend this advantage to Fletcher's team as they hooted our players in a manner that was painful to hear, and I am sure our play did not call for the same, but there seems to be some antipathy against our team because, I presume, we have so many old players. If this is the reason the Works Competition Committee can soon remedy it by debarring both past and present players, bat if this was done I venture to think the competition wi.uld then be of the tin can dribble order with a consequent fall in the gates. I would also like to state that these old players have stood by the club for years, and are always ready to fill a gap in the teams when the Works Competition Juniors are conspicuous by their absence ;as proof of this J. W. Evans has done so more than a dozen times this season. Now to come to the rules of the competition which state that this season's selected first or A teams are not eli- gible.We protested against Cheshire Lines on the ground that they had played a man who had been selected and played for A team, and had also been told by the sub committee that he was not allowed to play. I understand that air teams had equally good cause for protest, but to our surprise on Monday last the War- rington Committee overode their own rule and dismissed the objection saying the games most stand without giving any reason. I ask is this fair, not only to the clubs thrown out but also to those left in to thus completely alter the rules at this period of the competition as those left in can now play who they like. I should also suggest that only official referees he allowed to take charge of the games as some of the amateurs who officiate in this capacity seem to think that the clubs should play touch and held, thus not giving either teams a chance to show their scoring abilities ; and their decisions in other ways are, to say the least, considerably off. This letter is not written in a spirit of vexation but in the interest of the competi- tion in Warrington, as I think its popularity will soon wane unless better handled than it is at present. Another matter that should have the consideration of the committee is that the sub-commi:tee to work these competitions should be chosen from members not inter- ested in any works, as the majority of the present sub- committee are connected with works which have teams in the competition. Ido not for a minute suggest that they would be unfair but if they were not connected with any works they could have no inclination to lean to either side. As a proof of the love our men have for the game we will select a team to olav the winners of the medals the net proceeds of tho match to be handed to the District Nursing Fund or other deserving charity under any official referee, but we certainly will not take the field any more under any amateur referee. Thank- ing you in anticipation for inserting the above. Yours

===== 0002601_18980415_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN W. MILLS.

THE PROPOSED NEW POLICE BUILDINGS.

Sir,—ln a leaderette in " The Examiner" of the 28th of March you informed the public that "there are many signs that the realisation of the project is yet in the dim and distant future." The news would, no doubt, be very welcome to the ratepayers who feel the burdens of local taxation to be very heavy indeed. And knowing that the improvements in Bridge-et. will ere long make further demands upon them they are in no mood to sanction the outlay of a large sum for police purposes. But why should Warrington have a new police build- ing at all ! The present accommodation has served the town for a long time, and wt are not aware that Mr. Hunt, the late Chief Constable,ever made any complaint about its smallness or unsuitability. The population of the Borough has certainly risen a few thousand since the last census, but surely it does net follow that such increase should of necessity be accompanied by further developments of the crime and disorder with which the police have to deal. A large proportion of the addition is no doubt made up of children and young persons who are not contributors to the labours of the policeman. A police station whether large or small is neither an orna- ment nor a credit to a community, but, unfortunately, in the present conditions of our social life it is an insti- tution which cannot be altogether dispensed with. But something might be done to minimise it, and that with- out entailing any expense upon the ratepayers. It is well known both to our town counillers and magis- trates that most of the evils from wh .ch our constables are supposed to guard us have their origin in the public-bouses. Now as prevention is better than cure surely it would be a wise and humane policy to reduce the number of such houses and thereby promote , the best interests of the people, and at the same time bring police expenditure to the minimum. It might be objected that such a policy would militate against the pecuniary interests of the brewers and publicans. No doubt this would be so, but the brewers and publicans of Warrington are a very small fraction of the inhabitants indeed, and no righteous man would ever think of subordinating the peace,order and general welfare of 60,000 people to the ignoble profits of a hand- ful of liquor sellers. Well indeed it would be for the town if some good spirit would put it into the hearts of our justices to adopt the policy I have indicated. The process of reduction might be slow so as to give the Publicans time and opportunity to turn their attention to other callings. The cancelling of half a dozen licenses eery year would produce such good results that the scheme for a new police station would disappear alto- gether. Then what a change the policy would make in the condition of the working classes. As year by year the public houses became smaller by degreestand beauti- fully less the temptations to rpend their money for nought would become fewer and fewer ; their homes would be brighter aud happier, and peace and order wonld reign in the etrsets. And even the magistrates themselves would benefit by the change. Their time would no longer be spent in the miserable work of in- flicting punishment upon the unfortunate clients of the publicans, or in adjudicating upon thefts, murders and other crimes committed through drunkenness. And. better still, the blessing of multitudes rsady to perish would fall upon then.—Yours truly,

===== 0002601_18980415_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
ALDERAAN surroN AND COUNCILLOCZ

ROB BRTS. Sir,—Like many another man who has vainly tried to justify a defenceless position by introducing totally irrelevant matter, Mr. Sutton endeavours in his last letter to divert the attention of your readers from the subject in dispute by dragging in two questions which have not the remotest connection therewith. By what process of reasoning can the relations existing between the Liberal party and myself be said to have the slight- est association with Alderman Sutton's condi:let in re- gard to the Feathers Inn arbitration ? It is, perhaps, just as well to let Mr. Suttee knew that the feeling of the Liberals of Warrington towards me is as cordial to- day as it Ins been at any time during the a years I have been officially connected with thern,and within the past three weeks I have had twice offered to me the most important appointment which is in their power to confer. Then in regard to the contracts qaestion I This is by no means the first time that opponents of mine,when pulverised in regard to some other question, have had to resort to this old stalking-horse. I had to combat it seven years ago, and I suppose it will still occasionally be made to serve the purpose of those who, deficient in logical arguments, resort to throwing. Lot Let me say that many years ago I introduced a resolution which was adopted by the Council, and has since been confirmed and made a "standing order," requiring that all contracts for work or materials ex- ceeding the sum of £2O should be publicly advertised for, and the results printed in the Council Summons in the minutes of the committees concerned. My object was to enable every ratepayer who chose to tender to have the opportunity of doing so' and also to prevent collusion and favouritism. If I had been anxious to make use of my position as a member of the Corporation for the benefit of my firm, I should have adopted a very different plan. One effect of my resolution has been that no tender sent in by my firm has ever been ac- cepted by the Corporation, unless it has been in the in- terest of the ratepayers that it should be so accepted, and as a matter of fact in nearly every inflame the tenders of my firm have been accepted simply because their prices have been the lowest, and in no single case has any order been sent us at the slightest fraction higher in price than the material could be bought at from others. Parliament in its wisdom (and I presume I may without offence suggest that the average ef intelli- gence of the members, even of the present Houses of Parliament, is equal to that of my friend) has speci- ally exemrted shareholders in limited companies from the disqualifications which exist in regard to private individuals, so that Alderman Sutton has no lona stanii in raising this point, either on grounds of propriety or legality. And now to return to the main question. my difference with Mr. Sutton has arisen because he has done his best to defeat the object of the Corporation in their efforts to buy the Feathers Inn at a price which , the best expert evidence obtainable by us has declared ' to be fair and reasonable. I say without hesitation that Mr. Sutton's conduct is ineecusable,aud for this reason: The Corporation of Vi'arrington is a body et men elected by the ratepayers for the express purpose of adminis- tering the government of the town for the ad- community. It ia quite vantage of the whole true that as an alderman Mr. Sutton is not elected directly by the ratepayers, but he Is none the less bound by those Conditioos which are in honour obligatory upon every elected member of the Council. Mr. Sutton says that be has furnished no information to Mr. Wilson's counsel other than what was obtainable by anybody through the medium of the public press. If this statement is correct, what need was there for Mr. Sutton to supply our Opponents with a schedule of prices on a sheet of foolscap in hi 3 own handwriting • and fur- ther why should he have personally prompted Mr. Wil- son's counsel so repeatedly during the Cross-examina- tion of the witnesses for the Corporation ? It it not patent to the feeblest intellect that Mr. Sutton's weight as a witness on behalf of Mr. Wilson lies in the fact that

When asking for Cccoa, insist on baying CADBURY'S— scld only in Packets and Tins as other Cocoas are often substi- tuted for the sake of extra prefit.—Advt. (1)

===== 0002601_18980415_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

____

===== 0002601_18980415_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
he is not only a member of the Council, ex-Mayor, Ise., but that he is still chairman of the Street Improvement Committee, and that up to November, 1295, he was a memb.r ef the Property Purchasing Committee ? Since this timo Mr. Sattoa has acted in a professional capacity for various owners concerned in the Bridge- street improvement, and I am perfectly amazed that he should veature to asßert his disinterestedness in the face of such facts. Mr. Sutton's suggestion that I desire to interfere as te the manner in which he should conduct his private business is nonsense ,but this I will say : That when a member of the Corporation finds that his pri- vate interests clash with his public duties, as an honour- able man he is bound either to resign his seat in the Council or to give up the private business which will not permit of his unbiassed action. Every public man has or ought to give up something if he wishes to act congcientiouily up to the duties imposed upon him and to deserve and retain the respect of his fellow townsmen. It is as true to-day as when the words were first proclaimed, that " No man can serve two masters." Let your readers try and imagine for a moment the result which would follow a general accep- tance by the members of the Council of the attitude which Mr. Sutton takes up! What would be said if any one of the paid officials of the Corporation were to be found assisting anybody in an action against the Cor- poration ? I imagine such an official would be instantly dismissed and rightly so,because he would be held to be disloyal to his employers—the ratepayers. What differ- ence is there in the terms :of appointment, except that of salary—between the officials of the Corpora- tion and the members of the Council? We are all servants of and trustees for the rate- payers, and our duties are similar and per- fEctly obvious. Let ma say, in conclusion, that I am not now and never have been, chairman of the Property Purchasing Committee (the hononr belongs to the Ex-Mayor, who has faithfully attended to his oner- ous duties), and that my colleagues, who are perfectly unanimous, have done everything which as reasonable and conscientious servants of the town they could pos- sibly do to avoid the expense and anno7ance of arbitra- tion proceedings ;and in a large measure they have been successful, as is shown by the fact that out of 12 differ. eat properties ache iuled for the purposes of the Bridge. street improvement scheme, no less than seven have been already acquired and these at figures which show a reduction upon the claims originally made by the owners of many thousands of pounds. Secrecy as to the action of the committee has for perfectly obvious rea- sons been absolutely necessary, but when the time arrives that the committee may without prejudice to the interests of the town, discicse the whole of their pro. ceedings, I am perfectly confident that our constituents will accord us their gsneral and emphatic approval.— Yours, &c.,

H. ROBERTS.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS.

The annual foreign missionary services in connec- tion with Bold-street Wesleyan Church were held on Sunday and Good Friday. Missionary sermons were preached on Sunday, morning and evening, by the Rev. William Potts, superintendent minister. Collections were taken at each service on behalf of the Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Society. On Good Friday morning, a missionary Service was held in the church, commencing at 11 a.m. The preacher for the occasion was the Rev. Jabez Bridge, of the Hull Mission, and a re'urned mis- sionary from West Africa. At night, a well- attended public meeting was held. The roceedings were presided over by Mr. John Hartley, and he was supported on the platform by the Revs. Jabez Bridge, William Potts, G. Harbottle, and W. G. Triggs. and Messrs. William Silcock, and John Taylor. After a hymn, and prayer by the Rev. W. G. Triggs, The Rev. W. Porrs in introducing Mr. Hartley, said they were exceedingly glad that Mr. Hartley had con- sented to take the chair. He did not think there was anyone in the circuit who had a better right to it, through his long amclation with that sanctuary and the aojoining school,. . _ _ _

The'Cliarn.meN called upon the Rev. G. Harbottle to present the report. In doing so Mr. Harbottle said the rmorts for 1897 were not yet to hand, and they most therefore take the 1898 report. The total income was £127,858 7s. sd, which was £129 13s. 51, in advance of the income of the previous twelve months. The debt of £963 83. 101, had been reduced to £834 153 31 The total amount subscribed by the V.T.srriagton circuit was £192 14s. lid. In addition to that the Women's Auxiliary raised £l4 14s 9i. (Applause.) In the mission field they had 230 central stations, and 370 missionaries and assistant missionaries. Other paid missionary ser- vants numbered 2,859, and there were also 5841 un- paid aeente. The accredited church members num. bered 44,573,and there were 9,895 on trial. The scholars attending day and Sunday schools numbered 88,542. Their missions in Germany had been transferred to the Methodist Episcopal Church of America. In Italy they were maintaining their missions in groat efficiency. He was sure none of ttPm would like the Wesleyan Missionary Society to withdraw from such a Roman Catholic country as Italy. After referring to the work in Spain and India, the rev. gentleman proceeded to refer to China. He remarked that the present difficulties in China had boon precipi- tated by missionary work. It was owing to the murder of a missionary there that the German Emperor seivd a port, and that hastened the action of Russia. He felt that these changes which were happening in China must have an immense influence on the progress of the work of Goi in that land. In conclusion he expressed the wish that the collection would be as good as on the missionary anniversary last year. The amount subscribed in that circuit during 1897 was £243 Is. TJ. which was £1 103. in advance of the previous year, but by retrenchment in expenditure they had been enabled to send £5 103, more to the Mission house. (Applause.) Speeches were afterwards delivered by the Chairman and the Rev. Jabez Bridge and others.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHA.M.

Poties Irmes.—Before Mr. A. Thomas and Dr. Stee.e, at the Frocisham Po tires Court on Thursday moraing, last week, Charles Allen of no settled abode, was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days in default for stealing a cotton shirt value 2s. the property of Reuben Holland on the previous day. The prosecutor identified the shirt as his property.—Agnes Cloynes said she saw prisoner leave the prosecutor's lodging-house On Wednesday the 6th inst. with the shirt on his back.—SorgOant Clays proved apprehending Allen in a lodging-house at Warrington.— At the Police Court on Saturday, John Birchwood of Chester was fined 7s. 10J. for being drunk and disor- derly in Belmont-road on Good Friday.—P.C. Bebbing- ton proved the case.—John William Patterson of Five Crosses, Frodshans, was fined 51. and costs for being drunk and incapable at Overton on Good Friday.—P.C. Needham proved the case.—On Monday, Ellen Jackson was fined ss. for being drunk in Volunteer-it., on Satur- day.—P.C. Price proved the case.—Thomas Norcott was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Cheater Main Road on the fith inst. The magistrates discharged him with a caution. RUGBY FOOTSiLL SPOBTS.—This annual Bank Holiday fixture took place on Monday in wretched weather, and though the picturesque village contained largo numbers of visitors the athletic festival was poorly patroaised. Results :- 120 Yards Flat Race llandleap.-1, C Davies. Frodsh lin, 12 yards ;2, W Worrsll, Frodslaam, 12 ;3, If Green. Runcorn, 12. 220 Yards Flat Race Handiesp.-1, T Jannlon, Overton, 16 yards ; 2, J Matthews, Runcorn, 16 ; 3, 3 Cadman, Whines. 14. 150 Yards Flat Race Handle.ap.-I.R Savage. Watlington, ""iteh ; 2, L Connell, Runcorn, 20 yards ; 5, 0 Harrison, Runcorn, 12. 600 Yards Obstacle Race.-1, G Edwards, Chester, 25 yards ; 2. F C Dean. Tarvin, 10 ; 3, W Johnson, Cheater, 6. Half-mile Handlesp.-1, F Tweedle, Helsby, 20 yards ;2. W Thomas, Rocssavage, 30; 3, 111 Hatton, Helsby, 40. There were numerous entries for each event, and large fields turned out, the races being well contested.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Durinz the week, ending which was the 13th of tha eurrent year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington Registration District 42 17 The excess of births over deaths was 25. Birth Rate 34.7 per 1,000, of the population. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 1403 per 1,000, against 2005. the average of the previous four weeks, and against 13.4 the corresponding period of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief evmotic diseases was equal to 3.3 per 1,000, against 2 8 the average rate of the previous four weeks, and against 25 the corresponding period of 1897. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 I_s 5_15 15-25 25-85 85 up. 5 4 1 4 3 17. The deaths included-1 from diphtheria, 3 from measles, 6 from lung disease, 7 from all other causes. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 3 cases ; diphtheria, 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending 2ad April-4. MWMOROLOOY.—The mesa temperature was 39. Fah, and therefore slightly warmer than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 52F. was recorded on the Ist inst., and the minimum temperature 27 F.• on the 2nd inst. rif t:e R. The rainfall measured nil inch. The general direction was N.E., the reading o 1,040 miles. jo anemometerGoßNArr. denoting Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
TH E:i.A.MINETZ. FRIDAY, APItiL 15, 1898

EA.RLESTONP.« AND NEWTON. EASTER VESTRY MEETINGS.

NEWTON FOOTBALL CLUB.

Under the au,picei of the above, a concert was given in the Town Hall, Newton, on Thursday even- lag. There was a very large audience, and an ex- cellent program M 3 ot vocal selections was given by Misses Emma t-haw (Bury), Pollie Heaton, Messrs. W. Entwistle, J. T. Dickenson, F. Dnxbury, A. B. Millard and Master John Thompson. Mr. E. Weese officiated as accompanist.

ST. JOHN'S, EARLESTOWN. LIVELY PROCEEDINGS.

The annual Easter vestry meeting was hell in the Church vestry on Monday afterna-m. The Rev. P. R. Matthews nrinided and there were present, the Rev. J. H. Shirtcliffe, Messrs. T. A. Pius°lett, T. Potion, T. Robinßon, Finlay, Pilling, Latham, Clough, its. The minutes of the la3t vestry meeting were read and con- firmed. Mr. Pimblett submitted the accounte which showed the receipts to be. general offertory £lO7 133 61, special collections £4O 81 411. other cAlectlions £73 163 51, total £221 183 311, expenditure £228 8i 21, leaving a balance duo to tua wardens of £6 9, accounts were adopted.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
PLAYING WITH CARTRIDdES.

On Thursday afternoon a little boy named Wood- ward, living in Earle-street, Earlestown, found a small mining cartridge, and with natural curio- sity wanted to see what was inside. Lie picked up a stone and hammered at the cartridge, and as might be expected, it exploded with a loud report. A man passing saw that the lad was hurt and took him home, but fortunately beyond a laceration of one Anger he had suffered no further injury.

ACCIDENT TO A BOY Al EARLESTOAN. On Tuesday afternoon a boy named Joseph At- kinson,aon of Mr. J. C. Atkinson, jeweller,of Bridge- street, Barlestown, was badly injured. A. light lurry belonging to Mr. Ince, grocer, Market-street, was coining down Bridge-street, at a fair speed, when tie boy Atkinson ran behind and began swinging on it. Unfortunately one of his logs got fast in a wheel and was drawn in and wedged be- tween the nave and spring before the horse could be stopped. When the lurry was brought to a stand it was found that the boy could not be extricated until the wheel was taken off. Dr. Mouncey was sent for and it was found that the lad's leg was very badly torn but fortunately no bones were broken. The wound was dressed, and ths boy is going on as well as can be expected. HOPE OF EA.ELESTOWN LODGE, 1.0.0. T.

A pleasant, evening was spent at the Co-opera- tive Hall on Monday evening, when C. T. Bro. T. Cutler, presided. The Secretary read a letter in- timating the visit of the Sutton Lodge, next Mon- day night, and several other letters were read. The programme for the evening was" Pound night and social evening." Bro. B. Barker, (secretary) being responsible. Bro. J. Warburton rendered in good style a recitation followed by a song from Bro. Singleton. Afterwards Sister A. Owen rendered in a pleasing way " Muther kissed me in my dreams.' It was agreed that a prize distribution take place next season, to the competitors of the " Essay Cam- petition" for which Bro. J. Woods promised three books, and that the C. T. Bro. T. Cutler be the pre- sewer. After other business the Lodge closed in the usual way.—The newly opened lodge at Haydack held their meeting in the Colliery schools, on Tues- day evening a good gathering being present from Earlestown, and a pleasant time was spent.

EASTER HOLIDAYS AT EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. _ _

The weather in this district on Good Friday, was in every way all that could be desired, excepting perhaps the slight inconvenience experienced by the clouds of dust which were raised by the strong wind. From early morning the sun shone brilli- antly, and large numbers were tempted out into the surrounding couAtry. Cycli.ite were in evidence in every direction, but their enjoyment was very much interfered with by the wind and dust. Several set out with the intention of going long distances,but many founa it a difficult task to make headway, and had perforce to considerably curtail their spin. Services were held at the various churches morning and evening, which were fairly well attended. On Saturday many people left the town for Liverpool and Manchester, and other places. Monday opened very Rae, but at noon rain began to fall, and with slight intermission con- tinued to fall during the remainder of the day. Many who had set out early on for cycling,returned home thoroughly drenched.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EIRLESTOWN.

[Br AN OCCASIONAL Corirmsemmasr]. The scheme drawn up by the Church party for the regulation of the proposed new voluatary school has to all intents and purposes died a sudden and violent death, such demise being brought about solely by the energetic action of the local branch of the Northern Counties Education League, stimula- ted by the Rev, F. E. Miller, and Dr. Latham, who, by the way, has developed wonderful qualities as a fighter in such matters. Its death was foreshad- owed at the recent Nonconformist meeting, when letters were read from two directors of Messrs. Evans and Co., the second laraeet ratepayers in the district, and further by an intimation from the London and North-Western Railway Company that the proposed school must be on the broadest pos- sible basis.

There has of course, as the natural outcome of this opposition, been much heart-burning amongst the denominational supporters,and threats of throw- ing up the whole business have been quite numer- ous. Still these threats do not in any way disturb the equanimity of the unseemlier' party, and they go on their way rejoicing,conscious of the fact that they have been victorious in securing so much from two of the " seven largest ratepayers." It is said also that Lord Newton does not altogether agree with the strictly sectarian basis of the scheme, and so far has withheld his signature from the agree- ment transferring the land. On all hands the Edu- cation League appear to have scored, and I am in- clined to think the majority of the people are with them. At any rate it is plainly evident the school will not be conducted on the lines laid down in the proposed scheme.

Another item in regard to education matters transpired last week, much to the surprise of many people. It was announced that the managers of Newton St. Peter's and Wargrave Day schools had decided to abolish school feds, and that from and after the 18th April these schools will be free. Trey have now issued a circular to this effect, but at the foot of the circular creeps in a request that parents will subscribe to the school funds. This will in some cases be tantamount to paying school fees,but, if I mistake not, parents will refuse to become sub- scribers. Seeing that there is no compulsion upon them at all, there will still ba confusion, and thee is no doubt the only proper way out of the diffi- culty will be to establish a School Board.

_ WARRINGTON FOOTBA.LL CLUB _ ept. 211425: i _____ TBmsv vie c ake I::Xhi . oitarrvotbUn: ea. R,. hn. . . a. E. . . :. Sh. .. . ..A. . . . .N. . D. . . . . S. . ... OO. ..... . . . . . .193 POINTS. FOR ASST. 11—Rochdale H.. li ............ l9 .. 6 Oct. 9—Swinton, h 13.. . 0 23—St Helens, a 8 ...... 3 6 6 30—Leigh, h Nov. 6—St. Helens Ramis 8 2 3 5 13—Runcorn a • 20—Salford a 27—Rochdale W. a 0 3 Dec. 14—Tyldesley, h 11-01dharn a 18—Wlgan, h g 0 25—Widnes, h 27—St Helens, h 8 ... 0 Jen. I—Leigh, a 10 2 B—Morecambe, h 9 ...... 12 15—Oldham, h 3 ...... 3 22—Salford, h 3.. 13 29—Stockport, a Feb. 6—Swinton, a 12—Hull ITlngston Rovers h 3.. 2 111—W1gan. h 28—Cup tie (Wakefield Trinity a) 6:,:.• 2 Mar. 6—St Helens 0 ...... 2 11—Runcorn. h 2 ...... 8 19—MannIngham, a 6 ...... 0 L6-01anningharn, h April. 2—Broughton R., a B—Widnes. a 19—Lancaster, hdWanderers, 1— 16— St. 1141 ens Rees, a 23—Birkenhead Wanderers, a 30—Champions v. Rest

Fever Hospital, Akin Street. Warrington. Report for the month ending 31it March, 1895 la llospital on the Ist of March Admitted during the month Cases of Smallpox Cases of Scarlet Fever (Warrington) 4 Cases of Typhus Fever Cases of Enteric Foyer, Warrington 1 Cases of Diphtheria Other Diseases

Total l6

Discharged Cured ll Dead 1 In Hospital on the Ist of April 4

Total l6

JOFIN H. GORNALL, Medical Superintendent.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENT OP WARDENS.

Toe Vicar Said he had much pleasure iu again appoint- ing Mr. Pimblett as his warden for another year. Ha had served them well and faithfully for a long time. But he found some changes had to b 3 made in the hat of sidesmen. Mr. Jones, Mr. Pilling, and Mr. Anderton wished to retire. With regard to the 2.ppointaiont of parishioners warden, he said he thought Mr. Foden had better noualeate his successor. It wee a graceful act for the gentleman leaving office to name his successor. Dr. Mounesy had signified his willingness to take office.— Mr. Fodest (people's warden) said he did not think Dr. Mouncey would take offize,as he slid he could not un• derteke to perform the duties as ho (the speaker) had performed them. Mr. Foden said he was willing to stand tha test of re-tppeintment.—The Vicar said they would remember that last year there was some thought of a change aud Dr.Mouncey then said,when approeched that if Mr. Feden gave it up, he would take office.—Mr. Pilling turn proposed, and Mr. Wet- gall seconded the re-appointment of Mr. Foden.— Mr. Thomas Reeinsen was also Proposed.—Mr. It Mia- sma said he should decline to stand. What they must endeavour to do in this matter was to be at peace ; that was a great point they should look az. He did not wish to take office againet anyoae, but if he did so, he should try to brine peace and harmony in the church. There were certain of his friends who had certain objections to the form of service. Personally he had no objection to the hymn being sung before the vicar and curate ctrne into church. They. ought to ahoy certain respect to the Vicar and Curate entering the church by rising ire their seats, but if it was the wish of the congregation acid would promote harmony and peace in the church, he would ask the Vicar to give way. There was the question of turning to the East. He saw no objection to it,but it was an introduction that many objected to,and their feelings ought to be considered In the matter. On the other hand he asked them not to be too exacting on this paint, let them work together. If they could pro- mote harmony in the church there w Is not a better con- ogrwen dugactoiouninettwhehepnairipsheoopfle pNeampton. The Viaer stid the desire for a change had simply arisen out of Mr. Foden's lied to him for books. They wanted people of standing and influence about them,who would stick to them and bring people together. With regard to the service, the hymn "Lift up your heads " which was sung in the church, he never missed hearing that for 20 years, and yet it was branded as a new fangled thing, and an introduction of Popery. That only showed ignorance on the part of those who said it. With regard to the turning in the creed, the congrega- tion had never been asked to stand in the hymn, nor to turn in the creed. He asked was it Romish to stand up when the clergy came into the church. Was it Herniate to turn in the creed. It was done before any Herniate church existed. It was a few of the people in the congregation who were dissatisfied and displeased, who talked about these things, when it did not affect them at all.—Mr. Pilling asked wile the hymns ware for.—The Vicar said for singing and giving thanks to God.—Mr. Pilling said the prin was not sung for the up uttreprolyseworfognigy in g; thanks to God, but was got up solely w for the purpose of getting the people on their feet when anhden I the clergy came in.—The Vicar: You are wrong ; obefowreer.—e got , Robinson said up in the church they started with very little. Hs t hheasiree ritualistic told yoa practices so , did not see what difference it made whether the hymn was sang before or after the clergy came in, but for goodness sake if it would bring peace or harmony in the church he begged the Vicar to meet them. The Vicar said there were a good many things not done in the ceureh which ought to be done, and no matter what they did there would be somebody who had sr crochet. With regard to singing hymns, they had no right to sing hymee at all, as it wan not provided for in the prayer book. Mr. Pilling asked whose faule it was that they were allowed to do these things. Mr. Feden rap to say something on the same point, but the Vicar said now Mr. Fodon you shall not i•p.ells any further on this subject.—Mr. Peden : I will speak.—The Vicar : You will net—Mr. Foden : But I will have my say,— The Vicar : YO.l will not speak on his subj•Tt again, and if you persist in doing so, I shall close the meeting. —Mr. Foden : If you do "1 shall call on Thursday night. —rho Vicar : You will do nothing of the sort, as you have no power.—Mr. Foden: Yes I hava.—Mr. Beughey asked if Mr. Foden had a right to order anybody out of their seat in church.—The Vicar: N he has not.— Mr. Foden said he had if they did not behave themselves —Mr. Beuehey sail Mr. Foden had ordered his deo:deter out of her seat. She went to the church ite a Christian, and he in his vulgar way had ordered her oat of the church and she came home crying and felt grossly in- sulted—Dr. Mouncey was then proposed as people's warden, and on beine put the vo'e was appointee by 12 votes to Foden 4, The Vicar asked for nominations as people's sidesmen, but there being no response, ho proceeded with the business.—A voluntary rate of twoponee in the pound was laid.

Dr. Mouncey and Mr. Pimblott were appointed lay reprssentatives to the Diocesan Conference. The Vicar said that was all the business.—Mr.Robin- son asked if there were to be no sidesmen appointed.— The Vicar said he asked thorn to appoint thew, but they ref used.—Mr.Robinson said it was unfair. It was taking everything and giving nothing.—Mr. Foden : We want none.—The Vicar said he gave them every opportunity, and he was quite willing now to receive nominations.— The following were then nominated, Messrs. R. Janos, James Clough, J. Rylance, G. Dale, J. Jones and P. Foden.

THANKS TO ALL. The Vicar said he had generally taken this opportunity of offering his thanks. Mr. Feden had been with them as parishioner's warden over 13 years, and he had cer- tainly done a gold deal of good work, and he had bees of very much Use, and for a long tints people had appreciated Mr. Foden's work, until some time too un- fortunately he gave somebody an opportunity of losing displeased, and dissatisfied, and hence all this little trouble. He sincerely thanked Mr. Foden for all the Services he had rendered inside and outside the church. 'No man could have done more in some ways than Mr. Foden had, lie must confess that Mr. Faden after all, taking kim all in all, had done a large amount of good w ark both for the church and parish, and be (the Vicar) was sorry that anything had arisen to cause any divi- sion, or to cause him to give up his post. At any rate he did not think he (the Vicar) was to blame, and that was some consolation.—Mr. Poden : But Ido consider you to blame. Ytlll Lad no right to go about and ask anyone to stand as churchwarden. It was the duty of the parishioners to elect their Own warden. Toe Vicar slid it was suggested that some recognition of Mr. Foden's services should be made, and he had no doubt that would be done. With regard to Mr Pimblett be had quietly and earnestly plodded on and kept things ping its a quiet way, and found means when they were short, and ne could not thank Mr. Pimblett too heartily for the excellent work he nad done. Votes of thanks were accorded the organist and choir.

The accounts of the Doan School Charity Trust were presented.

Mr. Pimblett begged to thank Mr. Foien for the sup- port he had given him in every detail of the church work. In everything that had taken place, Mr. Paden had been his right hand and he was exceedingly obliged to him for the work he had done during the years theY had worked together. He said be was quite innocent of the charge Mr. Yodels had made, that tie was the insti gator of the appointment of Dr. Meuncey as warden,and - he thought Mr. Faclen ought to give an explanation, as it was not the truth.—Mr. Foden said he had his own opinion about the matter.-...Mr Pimblett : But it was a wrong opinion and was not the truth.—The matter then dropped. I vote of thanks to the Vicar terminated the meet- ing.

ST. PETER'S, NEWTON. The annual vestry was held in the Town Hall, New- ton, on Monday evening. The Rev. H. Monk, Vicar, presided, and there were present, Rev. W. Rowlands, (curet.), Dr. Watkins, Dr. Harold Watkins, Messrs. J. Liptrott, I, Bateman, R. Stuart. J. H. Lane Sta. Mr. Liptrott, warden, said they fully intended to have met on thie occasion with the new church completed and with all their accounts pat in ample order and every- thing settled, but whether the chinch not being finished had had a depresaing effect upon them or not, he left it to them to consider, but something had prevented them doing so. Although they had not be able to make their collections as he would have liked in order te present them with a full statement of accounts, he would ask them to pass the accounts subject to the audit,and whoa they bad been audited they would be printed and cir- culated. Ile had made an estimate of the receipts and 'expenditure, as follows:—Receipts £6B 83 9d, amount to be collected £l7 12s, expenditure paid £55 33 6d, amounts due £IS lls, leaving a balance of £l5 63 3d. Dr. Watkins proposed a vote of thanks te the wardens for their services, and that the accounts be passed sub- ject to audit, and requested that Alossrs. Ilizxiley and Cronchlny be asked to audit them. Mr. Sr.uart seconded and asked if it was intended to have the present type of chair for the church, or a type which would tos more coinE7rtable ta sit upon. He asked that this question should be taken into consideratiln before the money was spent on chairs. If the bulk of the congregation were in favour of the more comfortable kind of chair,he did not think anyone would object. The Vicar thought Mr. Stuart'. suggestion was rather late, as the chairs were ordered. They were the regu- lation type of chair recommended by the Society for free churches. Passing on, he said Mr. Liptrott's assist-

&nee to him had been invaluable, and hs nominated hire as his warden, and Mr. Lane as sidestnan.

Mr. I. Eateinan was appointed parishioner's warden and Mesirs. Sp.,akrnan, Smith, EL Watkins, Wilkinson, Ritchie, Mtpr, Pareival and B!ything were appointed sidemen.

Tha warinna wern appaintel lay rrp:2sentative3 to thn Diontnao Confarenco.

The Vicar said that on the last Sunday in this month, thly expec'ed to have the church ready for the church parae.e of Volunteers. The Bishop had consented that there should bs only a mere formal re-opening, and no consecration.

A vote of thank was accorded to the Vicar for his preience in the chair. Dr. %%Atkins annnuncsi that in conjunction with his son, he woeld be reiponeible for the debt of £3l sill re- nsaining on the chancel of the church, and he would see that it was raid befor the church was re-opened. WARGRAVE PARISH CEIURCH.

The annual meeting was held in the vestry en Tdp.i. day evening. The Rsctor, Rw. J. Carson presidclond there were Dre3nt. Messrs. C. B. F. Horror'. J.P , H. Swe,tlove, J. Burrows, T. Melyneux, J. M,i, Ow- bnde, W. Carson, /co. Itta accounts for the put year show.(l, balance brought forward £lO 133 111; recaipti, £223 13 2 1 ; total £239 7 id ; expenditure, £248 24 ii ; lertvinz a balance of 28 153 due to the wardens.

The Vicar said Vine was not much to say about the accounts. They bad b^en extra generous in outside rifts. If they had not given £8 94. 101 to outside ob• jects this year they would not be £8 153 on the wrong side. The offertories were somewhat less, but las: year they had two Sun lava more. Re thought by next year by being more careful in giving sermons for foreign ob- jects that a 154. would he soon pulled up. He mutt again warn the parish against the burial fees. The parish had gained £25 ISt from the churchyard this year, and he was arnsz,,cl that it was so much, but it was owing to the great knowledge the Sexton harlot the churchyard, which had enabled them to find more graves than was expected, but this of course could not last—The accounts were then passed, on the motion of Mr. 0 wbridge seconded by Mr. Bailey. The rector nominated Mr. John Sloe as his warden for the ensuing year. Mr. Owbridge proposed the appoint- men':, of Mr. John Burrowa as Dirighion•log warden. Mr Sal th seconded, and the motion was carried. The tel. lowing were appointed sidemen, Messrs. Moss,Starkey, Sweetlove, Give, T. Molyneux (Wargrave), John Smith, W. Carson, C. H. Lea, T. Molyneux'(Market-street),and R. Molyneux. Mr. Thomas Mclyneux and Mr. W. TOompinn, Nv,?re appointed lay representatives to the diocesan conference.

_ A voluntary rate of twopenoe in ths pound was laid. A record was made on the minutes that the vestry gratefully acknowledged an anonymous gift of £5O through the off Artory which had been allocated to the e'luren renovation fond:.

Mr. 0 wridee mevei " That this vestry has learned with much gratificetion thee the land and property thereupon betwixt the churchyard an Wergrave-road has been acquired for the benefit of the church, and ten- ders its bent thanks to all those who have taken part in the traesection."—Mr. Smith ileclniEd, and it was agreed to. The Vicar moved " That this vestry desires to place on record its genie of the great benefit, to thie parish by the attention given to ite affairs by the late Mr. Arthur Peer- nell, and heel to assure Mrs. Parnell of ice great syna- pathy."—Mr. B mem seconded,and said Mr.Purnell had been very indefatigable worker in the perish. He hid experienced very groat assistance frern him and his ser- vices were always rendered willinely.—The resolution was agreed to. The Vicer regrett,ed having to announce that MeLey- land had resigned his pesition as organist and choirmee• ter of the church, and of course the proper steps would be taken to supnlv his place. Mr. Moss primesed that the gratuity of £l5 be given to the choir, and that the money he handed over to the choir treasurer to deal with as they thought proper. Mr. J.B mow, seconded. The Vicar said before they proceeded further with Viet he could only say thet he wished he could join in it as heartily as he had done in other years. Mr. Leyland was wearied out by want of practice and by want of at- tention to his wishes. Although the direction of the music was in hie (the Vicar's) handa,ho was answerable to the churchwardens in the first place, and as a last re- source to the Bishop. Any complaint must come to him through the wardens,and if they wore not satisfi d they c mid go to the Bishop. He could not allew such a re- solution to be passed without entering a very strong pro- test,as to the way in which Mr. Leyland, the congrega- tion,eni the Rector and Almighty God had been treated in that church during the past year. He was bound, as God's minister, to express his horror—no other would could be ueed—at the way in which the worship had been conducted by some members of the choir. If they wished to pass the resolution as a recommendation to thr Rector and churchwardens it would receive attention but it could not be made a command to the Rector and churchwardens to give £IS or any sum nor to dictate how it should be applied or given,so if they would word word their resolution in that way and choose to recom- mend that the £l5 be given they could pass it, but he would be no party to it. He should in his own way at the proper time deal with the matter. The reepoasi- bility was on his shoulders,and he could only say there was a limit to forbearance, How MeLtyland had gene on, and how he (the Rector) had gone on daring the past year God only knew. He could only say there should be no discussion on this question. Any complaint must be made to the wardens, and then to the rector, and if they would not be satisfied with his decisien they must ap- peal to the Bishop, and he would decide whether there was to be any alteration. Therefore if they wished to deal with this matter it must be by way of recommends- Mon.—Mr. Moss said lere would alter his resolution accordingly.—Mr. Owbridge seconded and it was carried. —Mr. C. H. Lea : Da I understand there is to be no dis- CUSillOn allowed on this matter at all.—The Rector: yes. All the businese is now over—Mr. Lea : It is unfair.— The Rector said there was to be no discussion. Any ' complaint must be made to him through the wardens.— Mr. Stem was glad to hear of their legal position. He I was not aware of it before.—The Rector said he should be guidei by the authority of the Bishop, and if anyone thought the services of the church were conducted illegally hs most appeal to the Bishop.He was responsible for the services and would attend to any representation but only through the wardens. He heartily thanked all ' who had assisted him in the services of the church. He trusted they would have a prosperous year in the com- ing. Tear.

All the salaried offir...er3 were reappointed. Mr. Bailey asked lithe arzanist'4 resiznation had been accepted.— The Rector : That is nu business of yours. It is a matter between the organist and myself. . _

A vote of thanks to the fl,ctor on the motion of Mr. Owbridge seconded by Mr. Bailey' was accordol.

LIVELY PROCEEDINGS AT BLYDOCIC. The annual meeting of the pariahioners of St. James'. Haydock, to transact the ordinary vestry business was called for Thursday evening. The meeting was held in the Schoolroom, and was presided over by the, Rev. F. J. Ireland, vicar, there being a very large attendance of parishioners—The Vicar, having read the notice con- vening the meeting, said the next business was to ap- point wardens and sidesmen.—A parishioner asked if io was not intended to read the minutes of the last Easter vestry or to submit the accountB.—Tbe Vicar said no minutes were to he read nor accounts submitted as they were not ready.—Mr. J. Hilton said it seemed very un- I business like to have no minutes read or accounts sub- ' mitted.--Tne Vicar: If you say another word I leave the chair and adjourn the nteeting.—Mr. Hilton per- sisted in his protest, and the Vicar declared the meeting r bead, and left the room. Immediately he had done so, the lights were turned out and the meeting was left in setni-darkness.—A parishioner moved that the people's warden take the chair. This was seconded and uproariously agreed to.— Mr. J. Robinson then occupied the vacant chair and said he felt himself in a somewhat queer position in be- ing asked to preside over that meeting. He very deeply regretted that the Vicar had felt it his duty to leave the chair so abruptly. He thought many of thorn could ro- man:it:el almost for ages.—The Vicar returning and ad- dressing the reporters said "This is not ts go in the papers,not a word. I am here as chairman of the school managers and the meeting is over."—Mr.Robinson: You have called the meeting here to-night and you have ab- ruptly left the Chair, and, as I think improperly. The meeting has elected me chairman.and I shall go on with the meeting. (Cheers.) I think it is very unfair of you Mr. Ireland. I wrote you a cordial letter,l held out the hand of friemlship,and after two years tryingova are to be tre s' ad in We Manner. I think it is alm-ist unbear- able.—The Vicar : We had a meeting of the managers in the next room,and we request you to leave the room. (Laughter.)—Mr. Robinson : I think I am in order and I decline to leave the meeting. (Cheers.)—A parishioner: Let him fetch the police. (Laughter.)—The Vicar ulti- mately left the building accompanied by his supporters. —Mr. Rabin:lon then proceeded to say that it was the bounden duty of the 'Vicar to respect the majority of the people of Flavdock, and he (Mr. Robinson) had a letter from the Bishop stating that two of the three points he (the speaker) had raised in his communication to the Bishop were perfectly valid, and that Mr. Ireland was acting illegally,and Mr. Ireland had been admonished by his Lordship, He (Mr. Robinson came there that night thinking they were to have a nice quiet meeting, and seeing that accounts were not ready, he thought Mr. Ireland would have seen the wisdom of adjourning the meeting, until the accounts had been audited and were ready. (Hear, hear.) Ile thought it was unbearable. He did not want to hurt Mr. Ireland in any degree. He had not seen the accounts for the whole 12 months and the money had been spent without his sanction. Seeing that the V car had been told by the Bishop that his acts were illegal, it seemed so him that there was nothing left but placing the matter in a solicitors hands,and hav- ing it fought out. (Hear, hear.) tie came there prep•red to say nothing at all thinking that the Vicar was still considering, and that the Vicar would at the last moment meat them. Even now, he could assure them that he felt it very difficult to proceed further, and he was afraid of over stepping his duty in saying anything further on this matter. What changes they asked for in the service were only such as obtained in other churches immedi-

CIIICKETERS I BIISSEY'S Demon Driver Bats are the grandest made. Bussifs New Match Balls retain their shape, and last longer than any other. BussicY's Leg Guards are exceptionally good. Buss Er's Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual class. BUBSZY'S Bags are made to wear. BiiesEr's Diary and Companion is a Gem for 6d Apply for BUSireg catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters or 36 and 38 Queen Victoria-street, London. Factories Peckham, London ; and Blimswell, Suffolk.—Aint. 4

===== 0002601_18980415_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
ately round that one. They had not gone in for sweep- ing away the surplice choir ; they had been quite will- ing to meet the vicar half way, but there had been no reply--Sauce di.+cussion followed on the ritual of the church, and ae it was now dark, li4hts ware called for the report.rs. A. p trishioner -,fierei to obtain a lamp, but he found the do )r locked au.l could not leave the room. Mr. Robinson thereupon adjourned the meeting uutil next Thursday evening, in accordance with a pro- position to that effect.

- The door was then unlocked by Mr. Walden and the meeting dispersed.

FRODSEIAM. MR. R. FOULKES AND FLOWER DECOR& I'ION IN CHURCH. The annual vestry meeting in connection with the Frodshatn Parish Church was held en Easter Monday at Overton Parish Church,the ineetin; afterwards adjourn- ing to the Kingsley DiapA. Pha Rev. El. B. elogg, vicar, presided and there were also present Messrs. J. Ashton, E. J. Steward, B. A. Rigby, R. Foulkes, C. H. Hibbert, S. Sharp. J. G. Kydd, J. Gorst, C. E. Linaker, J. Ozkleston, R. Bate, C. Roynolds, J. Pollard, H. J. Linaker, F. W. Spencer, T. Davies, r. Riley, T. Lassie, R. B. MusgrovP, E. Turner, W. B. Frith G. Cleave, T. D. Timmins, R. Rodgers, J. Austin, J. D. Massie, J. Marg,erison, P. Nickson, and others.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
PROTEST /ROM .11R. FOULKES.

Mr. Foulkes protestad against the meeting being held on a Bank Holiday. Be considered it ought to be held hi the day school on some other day than Ester Monday and at seven o'clock,

The minutes of the last mooting havinz been road, Mr. Foulkes said they were net correct. lie protested against the proposition doing av ay with the sPrrnon when the Lord's Sapper was celr,brated. It had been clone once this year—last Saturday week.—!dr. C. E. Linaker It 13 hop )ssible f4r the churchwardens to keep a snorthaud clerk to report all Mr. Foulkes' pro- tests.

?RS ACCOMITS. Mr.rollard,the Virar'd warden, presented the accounts for the last year. Toe regAiote from ordinary church offertories amounted to £1.36 23 5; from special church offertories, £B7 53 41; from early celebratioe,£7 153 10d. The total receipts from all sources amounted to £285 105 id, while the total expenditure was £289 153 31, leaving a deficiency of £4 51 21. Toe accounts were passed on the motion of Mr. C. E. Linxker, seconded by Mr. Frith.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENT OF CEITIECH OFPICHES.

The Vicar re-sp- p-o-i-u-t-e-d-Mr-.-P-p-lia-rii-iihrs-w-:trden. He thanked him heartily for the services he had rendered during the year. On the motion of Mr. Gorst, seconded by Mr. Charles Reynolds, and supported by Mr. Ashton, Mr. Thiamine was appointed people's warden in the place of Mr. Gorst who declined to be re-elected. Messrs'. E. G. Steward, J. G. IC di, R. Milner, R. Rod- gers, J. Dawnes, Massie, and B. A. Rigby were elected sidesmen. Masers. J. J. Wilkinson, T. Riley, H. TileY, and J. Garner, were also appointed to act as sidemen at the Iron Church.

Messrs. W. B. Frith and George Gleave were elected auditors, and Mr. Steward was chosen lay representa- tives to the Diocesan Conterance.

TOTE OF THILNKS TO THU MOIR. Oa the motion of the Vicir, seconded by Mr. Pollard, a vote of thinks was accorded to the members of the choir for their s.roices during the past year.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
TEN CHURCH COUNCIL.

Th 3 Chairman said t-h-e--Church Council had taken up the subject of a screen for the west end ef the church. The idea was to collect funds for the provision of a screen for the west end of the church as a tribute to the memory of Dr. Robinson. They felt that nothing had I been done to perpetuate the memory of one who was de- servedlv loved and respected throughout the whole place. —Mr. Foulkes hop3d the screen would never be put up. It was Ft step towards making the chancel of the church. —The Chairman (interposing) said he might explain to Mr. Foulkes that it was not intended to put the screen at the chancel and. The idea was to put a screen at the west end to keep out the draughts.—Mr. Foulkes asked whether a brass tablet would not be more in keeping with the wishes of the deceased gentleman.—Mr. Linaker pointed out that the screen would keep out the draught, and would serve a very useful purpose. Any- one who had stood at the west end of the church could testify to the fearful draughts which were experienced at times.

===== 0002601_18980415_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTIS OF THANKS.

Votes of thanks were accorded to the churchwardens and the sidesmen for their services during the year.—Mr Linaker also proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies fer their services in decorating the church on festive occa- sions. Notwithstanding the usual protest they would have, he moved that the best thanks of the vestry be tendered to the ladies.—Mr- Reynolds seconded, and Mr. Frith supported.—Mr. Faulkes proposed as an amend- ment, that the ladies keep the flowers at home. Ho con- sidered they were not in harmony with the teaching of the scripture. Fie Yore when introduced into a place of worship, were a part of the secret-satanic plot of tte Ritualists, or,as the "Tablet" described them, " the all- round traitors "of the Church of England to bring it , back again to the yoke of Popery. Tho secret society of St. Osmond, connected with the Church of England, had actually got a service for "driving the devil out of flowers or branches." Ritualistic young ladies especially would now need to be very careful The priest sprinkled the flowers and leaves with holy water. This was the testimony at Dr. Walsh on the "Secret History of the Ozferd movernent."—Mr. Linaker objected to these re- marks.—Mr. Foulkes continuing said he gave the Vicar notice on the 2ed April that he would brim" before the meeting certain matters which had appeared in the Parish Magazine.—The Chairman said the mat- ters of which Mr. Foulkes gave notice were matters that had nothing to de with the vestry, and, therefore,he be4-ged to close the meeting.— Mr. Foulkes: If you do not allow me to say anything I shall just hand over what I intended to say to the re- porters. (Laughter.)—No one seccnded the amend- ntent, and the motion was carried.—Mr. Foulkel : Are you prepared to allow me to speak on the note I wrote 7' The Vioar : No, I ant not prepared to allow you to speak en the note you sent me. As the businaas of the meeting is over I declare the meeting closed. —Mr. Foulkes : Excuse me, it is not quite over yet.—A vote of thanke was accorded to the Vicar for presiding, and the persons present witk the exception of Mr. Foulkes dispersed._

. _ The following are the copies of the notice Mr. Foulkes sent to she Vicsr and Mr. Gorst :

Frodsham April 2nd, 1698. Rev. FL B. Blogg. Sir,— It is my intention tc bring before the coming vestry the unsound, Popish, unscriptural teaching of your Parirh Magazine for August and September last on the Lord's Supper, bein2 called the ‘' unbloodv sacrifice." and " original sin being washed away in baptism," also Rev. F. E. Powell' omigh lecture in November last, when you quietly swallowed his rubbish without a word of public protest.—Yours t"UIV, ROBERT FOULEMS. Frodsharn, April !ad, 1898. Mr. Gorse. Dear Sir,-.- I beg to endorse your copy of a note sent this morning to the Vicar. As parishioners's warden,l truat that you will see I got fair play on this matter, and so protect the vital interests of the laity.—Youre truly, HOBERT FOULER&

===== 0002601_18980415_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington.—Printed and Publishedhi-John W Lur.ns is 0° The Examiner General Printing Works. Bewsey-street• and Published also at The Examtner Wise, Victoria -roe WIDNIES ; High-street, MINC,OR 32, George.street. HELENS; and Mar let-street, ilahiszTowsr.--kra+-"' 15 Mi.

===== 0002601_18980415_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS. FENNINGS' LUNG HEALERS THE BEST REMEDY TO CURE ALL COUGHS, COLDS. ASTHMAS, &c. Sold in Boxes, at is. id., and 2s. 9d. with Direc- tions. Sent post free for 15 stamps. Direct to ALFRED FENNINGS, West Cowes, I.W. The largest Size Boxes, Is. 91. (35 stamps post free) contain three times the quantity of small boxes. Read Fennings' "Everybody's Doctor. Sent post free for 13 stamps. Direct A. FENNINGS, WEST COWES, I.W. 3

WALTON LEA GARDENS WILL BE OPEN TO THE PUBLIC, ON SUNDAY AND tiONDAY, APRIL 24ts, atm 25Ts. TO SEE THE AZALEAS. from 2 o'alook to 5 o'clock, elch day.

EASTER PR ;GRAMME. CROUCH'S WONDERLAND.-TRE NEW EXHIBITION, VICTORIA HALL, 80, LIME-STREET , LIVERPOOL (Opposite Adelphi Hotel). LIVERPOOL'S EGYPTIAN HOME OF MYSTERY I 12 Hours continuous round of Amusements, CONSTANT C tIANGE. EDISON'S LIVING PICTURES, _The GREAT CORBETT FIGHT, GRECO-TURKISH WAR, and 100 other stirring subjects,: Grand VARIETY ENTERTAINMENT, including PROFESSOR BENNETT, the Leading Ventribquist And Variety Comedian, also PROF. O. W. JOHNSON, , Ring of Illusionists, with his Latest Marvel, ii:.;•411 EGYPTIAN CAVE MYSTERY, direct from Paris is alive, He is Dying, He is Dead. He is Alive again. A must Remarkable and Wonderful Illusion. THE SISTERS MONICA.; 111 the FREAK GALLERY. splendid collection of Wax —"Fs. NAOTCH GIRLS. Cosmoramic views, The Indian °Rale. &e, . Admission to view all 3.1. Reserve 6d.

I

Robipping gotirts. I)AILV SAILINGS BETWEEN LIVERPOOL AIN D LLANDUDNO. The Favourite Saloon Passen- ' Steamer " SNOWDON" WILL FAIL. (weather 44" circumstances permit lug), EVERY DAY. (Sun- • excepted) from APRIL 14th to MAY 13th, _44 LIVERPOOL at 11-0 a in., arriving LLAN- ,NO about 1-30 p.m.„- leaving LLANDUDNO at for-,10, arriving LIVERPOOL 6-30 p.m. Contract Tickets tiple whole of this period. 15s each, lit Saloon. EVERY tt-rm.DAY, from APRIL 10th to END of SEPTEMBER, for It 1019CDNO AND MENAI STRAITS, leaving Liverpool Y. 30 Zo kin , arrives Llandudno about 1-20 p.m., Beaumaris "4eriat Midge 3-0. Leaves Menai Bridge at 3-20 p.m., 4140ar1s at, 3.40, Llandudno at 5-0, arrives Liverpool 740 p.m. SPECIAL SAILINGS FOR EASTER itrafAYS. FARES: LIVERPOOL, and LLANDUDNO, rtttioonrsingle 3s. return 4s 6d ; B,.cond saloon, single 2s, Is. LIVERPOOL and MENAI STRAITS, first rettb,:iingle 4s, return 5s 6d ; second saloon, single Is 6d, "St Return tickets available per steamers"Snowdon," Be 4 Audno." or "St. Elvies," until end of Season. Sunday NIT! Tickets 30s J First Saloon. Through Bookings by Itsj/ZieLines, Lancashire and Yorkshire,Mersey and Wirral iliten,"43.ll. Catering of first-class description; all Refresh- al moderate rates. For further particulars apply to -1)0DD, Snowdon Passenger 8.3 Co., Ltd., 31, Tower -‘"1:10. Liverpool. Telephone 158 g.

ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 8.8. LAURENTIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... April 21et ts. PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... April 28th a-9. CARTHAGINIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... May sth B. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... May 12th BA. NUMIDIAN, for Quebec and Montreal-May 19th 8. LAURENTIAN, for Quebec and Montroal...May 26th Saloon Fares from £lO 10s, lad Cabin £7 So, Steerage £5 611. Through Tick els to all points at special rates. RLONDIKE.-H aadbook, maps, rates, and full particulars tree on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & Co., 19, lames- IL. Liverpool; or oJ, S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-Bt., Warrington WiiiTE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via 'TELIT-ONIO Wed. AQ:linrol. ti °;37i TITNIC7IIIP2s., 13:,‘Yr 27. 8000 nd Cabin will be carried on tne voyage maraed thus* oteera our Re Passage at low rates including Outfit free of Re to New 'York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. 41,„,._,PP1Y to IsmAY, Imam, and Co., Liverpool and 34, --"qe111itt11 street, London 11.0.. INIE‘,NDING-E—STIGAANTS NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND iluld take tickets at theLO WEST RATES at OKN- WALKER AND CO., " KEAbIIERR" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. zi,l,;•• JOHN WALKER AN " EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRI kbL AGENTS FOR tAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDAIET STRAME S from LIVERPOOL. 4ITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. IItRICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW 4 -,44-Rac, direct ,o.ery SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL: alet. 40RIC and -PHILADELPHIA every WEDNES.

, tth,,A, WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. 'ATtivA,„'ShlY reliable aIIHAND-MADE SILVER ENGLISH STgot4,4: LEVER WATCH, cap Ped,fewel,ed and Into CHAIN onYUSE. HEAVY SOLID SIVLBR rt,,,PtecjARIIED CASES, .well finished and especially fit Sat in the pocket, "FOR FIFTY Z,AANti-,48." This rat °his timedto a minute, and wiil AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH irOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION f A Eona- , e,Akh. ritte Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each it_Lun,},-4,4 watch gySTA-T,-7,,11at5. at same price, to he obtained only from can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal ."441101.C4,2'4 ' AND Co.. svatehmairers THE ILLUMINATED a n k e y - a t r ee t, , Warrington. to t-free to all parts of the United Kingdom. ..I.,,eeeik of p.j,.0. ittiIITION GRASS SEEDS, Is., Per lb ,Rcivr. DWARF, EVERGREEN. SOW NOW, •-zERT P. KER AND SONS, lio BARNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. _ AA, 41:o - -S MERBAL EMBROCATION. 1 1 G 11°4"1°INO ColjaH The celebrated efeetuat cure without ititerna2 IibOPING couGur "tedielneg. tjOopi„ Of all Chemists price ' 4.040. COUGH 48. per bottle. Sole id4(4TOßrii./.. Wholesale Agents: S W. EDWARDS & SOE. 1.57, Cit°l7ll Queen Victoria Street, London. liE% HERBAL EMBRfJCATION.

C°NGREGATIONAL CIIURCH, NEWTON-LE- WILLOWS. 67th Sunday School Anniversary. TWO SERMONS will be preached Cn SUNDAY, AP NIL 17th, 1898, by the 311iir. PRINCIPAL MITCHELL, 8.A., of Nottingham. DIVINE SERVICE : Morning at 10-30. Evening at 6-30. n In the Afternoon, at 2-45,the CHOIR wil give a MUSICAL oRTWICIi consisting of Solos, Duetts,-Antbems. Ars. Special Belectious by a choir of over 30 children. Organist and con- ductor : Mr. A. KNIGHT. A collection will be made at the Close of each Service in aid of the Sunday Schools.

'WYCLIFFE CH URC 11, BE WSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY SC [IOU ANNIVERSARY On SUNDAY, APRIL 24th, 1898. SERMONS will be preached by the REV. H, T. SPENCER. V.A., M. Sc. of Wavertree. MORNING 10-30. EVENING 6-30. A SCHOLARS SERYICR AT 2-30 In WYCLIFFE HALL When Special Hymns will be sung, an& an ADDRESS given by Mr. SPENCER. Collections for School Funds.

RUNcoRN URBAN COUNCIL ELECTION, 1893. TO TEE ELECTORS OW CENTRAL WARD, 4.4nrEa AND GENTLEMEN, beg to thank the 148 ladies and gentlemet who cast their 'fetes in my favour on Saturday last, and would assure them that their eunfidenae shall not be mlsplaaed. Yours truly, ELLIS GATLEY. WARRINGTON TECIINICAL INSTITUTE.

RUrn:RES. —FOR CURE OF RUPTURF.S. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Bffeatual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Bunion' Appliance Works, 7A 9 Grosvenor-street Lon- don-road. Blanchester.

UT AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALIO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and. BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in siLvult, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Pine Selectien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, NUMISMATISTS, AND DEALERS IN ANTIQUES, 83—RENSHAW-STREET. LIVEUPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

DHLICATE SHAi)ES OF HAIR ARTISTDALLY MATCHED, FROM El Is TO £5. IMMOVABLE I FROM HAIII COMBINGS MADE SCALPETTISS, f us. I UP. is pint oz. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STRELT. LIVERPOOL. • --- VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES. MANDarrnurraTz—rii. snobs, et the Finest Cleality.

JOHN YRON, PRAMICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot,), 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

W. B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTiON. The Beet Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE Is. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 6, RANELAHH-SPREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67, R. FINS HAW STE ET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH VLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS. HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronses, Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Silver, Electra Overmantles. Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables. &a., &c, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions s-‘37 this Establishment is unsurpassed for tyle and Assortment INSPECTION INVITED,

RICHARDSON AND CO., PAPER-HANGING MERCHANTS. 9, AND 11, THOMAS-STREET, SHIMEHILL, MANCHESTER.

LON G ORTH, PAPER MERCHANT, CHEAPEST IN THE CITY. SPECIALITIES : Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags. and Stationery Packsts. Write for samples to 4 AND 6, OAK STRIOT. TROBIAS-STREBT, MANCHESTER.

UMBRELLAS 1 UMBRELLAS 11 THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS. ,uMBRELLAS RECOVERED IN RALF AN HOUR FROM 3s. GB T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

ELECTRO-PLATING, GILDING & ENGRAVING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. ARTICLES MADE EQUAL TO NEW. at lowest Cost. Catalogues free. JOSEPH HD:IIIAM, LIMITED. 127, STRANGEWAYS, MANCHESTER. (Opposite the Assize Courts.)

BEAUTIFUL LAWNS, TENNIS COURTS. BOWLING GREENS. An. SOW APRIL AND MAY. Pure Evergreen Dwarf Lawn Grass Seeds. is. PER. Lb. 843. PER CWT. CARRIAGE PAID. This is our Special Mixture of the very ilnest DWARP EVERGREEN GRASS SEEDS, perfectly free from Seeds of Weeds, same as sown by us on our lawns round the Groups of Evergreens. Tiees, and Shrubs, for which we were awarded the GOLD MEDAL, LIVERPOOL EXHIBITION, 1888, An which, from their emerald green colour and fineness, gained the admiration of all visitors. We supplied last season with the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn Grass Seeds for nearly two hundred acres. NEW, PURE, AND RELIABLE. FLOWER AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest Prices for Best Quality. ROBERT P. KER. AND SONS, NURSERY AND SERDSINEN, 11, BASNETT-STRBET, AND AMBURTH NURSERY, GRASSENDALE, LIVERPOOL.

L OOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is en Invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Bashes from their Fr.mes when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK.

SPRING SHOW OF NOVELTIES

C OSTIIMES, COATS AND SKIRTS, CAPES, &c.

IS NOW ON AT LORD BROS'. 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

TAM O'SHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL. Are undoubtedly the beet. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogne containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lookfast " Pneumatic Lyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND sAUNDERSON. District Manager. Established 1859..

OUR CIIAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN. both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to omit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by baying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers .of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 69, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS CF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) Frota 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS Prism 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 611. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET_, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GUINN'S DUBLIN Srout ESS BASS'S MILD AND BITTME ALE% ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHRATLNY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLBT'S GINGER BEER. To be WI in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also solo Agent for ANGL9-BAVARIAN AM HIM ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEBE

THE ONLY DiEANS FOR DESTROYING liAIR on the face is by using ALBX, ROSS'S ORDINARY DBPILATORY," 3s. Sd., poet free 3s. 9d. ; for strong hair. the Electric Appliance, 355. ; for thick hair, " Cauterising Liquid," 10s. 6d.; or the German Process, 425. ALEX. RO9 B, 62, Theobald's Road, Holborn, London.

MAWSON AND Co., STANDARD TAILORS. NEW SPRING WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES, AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW 1•11/CES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS, Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CO's LADIES' Asa GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 351 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

1 CYCLES 1 CYCLES!! CYCLES!!! MERSEY CYCLE WORKS. LIVERPOOL ROAD, WARRINGTON. MAKERS OF THE MERSEY CYCLES and ALLEN'S Elegant Cycle Stand. Agents for the famous Rudge-Whitworth, TRIUMPH AID TOWERED CYCLES. Stand No. 24, at the Trades Exhibition, Parr Hall Warriagtan, frtan Misch 32th, to April 12th Inclusive.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE ?.lANUFtCTURER. Sacking, Cans aeon Stsahckeectos.rnear:,Neateting Curled-hair, TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, Ito., fitted Complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

BLUE LION, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. P. E. LAKE, BEGS gen etroa layn n thatou nlee hast h takei s fnr i e onvde , tahned a tbho vee inboltiel. which has been thoroughly renovated. P. E. L, would be glad to see his old and new friends. N.B. A large CLUB ROOM to LET, for Friendly Societies, &c., terms on application.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE. FOUNDED 1710. SIM INSURED IN 1806.-2388,952,8 cl • For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers. 55.Uorsernarket- street Messrs. Volsey and Worthington,2l Ring-street Mr. R. Lowe, Murket Gate Chambers

TET2Is. Single Tooth, warranty. 8A ?I says in his testimon 2s "They are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable, and ale a credit to you Exc WOODS, B.s6ci. COMPLETE dIO years' SET, r H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, THE LEADING CLOTHIERS, 8 AND 10 wHORINSLMoAN.RRET STREET, ARR 1 SPECIAL SPRING: SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest Patterns I Leading Styles I 1 Popular Prices I I THE M.C.D. MEN'S SUITS 18/6 To 50/- MEN'S TROUSERS 6/6 To 16/6 Ready for Wear I Well Made I Latest Cut 11 ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS To MDASURE from 8/6 To 18/6 SUIT To MEASURE ,' ' 28/6 , 60/- is High-Class Scotch aid Irish TWEEDS, Blue SERGE.% VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &c., Sm. VALUE UNEQUALLED. THE M.O.D. YOUTUS' AND JUVENILE D PARTMENTS. TO MEla THB HROWINCI TRADE The preparations in these Departments have never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING. THE Sic.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITS. All at Wholesale Prices, NO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON,

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., aui is. Bd. eaeki.l Wholesale by Z. GEDDES 11(D SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

D r oaNnd AAGN U (LATE SUTTON E:ULTIIIIAL INPLEMENT OLTER, AND CO.) lEONBIGE AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of ONU:S AGRICULTCRAL IMPLEMENTS on vlEw.

A BOON TO LADIES. DR. COLLINS'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. —LADIES should send at once for parti- enters of this sistrAnts and SAFE REMEDT as pre- seribed by the late Dr. Corzters, who was for 30 years a member of the Royal College of Burgeons (England) which duringpsis extensive practice both at home and in the Colonies.he never knew to fail in the NON? OBSTINATE CASES OG ORSTRUCTIONS AND IRREGU- LARITIES. Send stamped envelope for full particu- lars and sworn testimonials and waste no more time and money on useless pills, tabules, powders awl so- called remedies which in the majority of cases are nothing but PURGATIVES and CAUSE SICKNESS. pROS- TRATION And PAIN. Without having any effect. Letters to be addressed to the LADY MANAGER. Gothic House. Erskine Etreet. Liverpool.

FURNITURE. BASiINETTES. HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE DISTRICT FOR ALL KINDS OF HOUSEHOLD GOODS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. ESTIMATES FOR COMPLETELY FURNISHING (rREE). CALL AND INSPECT OUR SPACIOUS SHOW ROOMS STOCKED WITH ALL CLASSES OF GOODS. DRESSERS FLOORCLOTHS SOFAS RUGS COUCHES PICTURES CHAIRS CHBFFIONEERS SIDEBOARDS OVERMANTELS BEDSTEADS SUITES BEDDING IRONMONGERY MATTRESSES LINOLKUMS DINING, DRAWING, &ND BEDROOM SUITES. BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS FROM THE MAKER, HARR OP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND PROVISION DEALER, LEGH-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESMIEE CHEESE.

• JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market); The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows. Lc. removed any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand. Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought Highest: Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAM), LONGFORD. ESTABLISHED 1870.

EADE'B PILLS. Ema's PILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EADE'S PILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EAmes pus. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE'S pus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet ELBE'S pu.s. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. _ GOUT "16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. RHEUMATISM p'l'eaDseaurreSirs,—enlct lysowuitahfew lines In in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATISM Rheumatic! Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of Insures GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton, RH B UM•T IS 31 The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so. and am quite sure they prevented RHE UMATIS la my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have had the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again RHE UMATI 5.24 directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT THEM IF THEY COST GOUT ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R LIBUMAYIBM You are quite at liberty to make what use you lika of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased r. answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM n..e (enclosing stamped address). lain you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." RADII'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, 0011 WELL-ROAD. 8.0. Ask for and be sure you obtain BADE'S GOUT AND rtHEU - NATIO PILLS. EADE PILLS

S PECIALITIES Is PAPER .ND PAPER BAGS. Caps 14 by 20, md. Ream 16 by 24. 100., 19 by 26, is. 3d. Sweet Bags, loz. 101. i,000;205. Is., 405. ls. 2d. Butter Paper, 138.6 d. Chease lie. Brown, 85. cwt. Thin White. 13e. 61. cwt Really good Note Paper, 40., 5 quires. hop Books from sd. Stephens' Is. Inks, Md.. 2s. do. le. 54., Id. bottles, 64, Dozeu. Court Bnvelopes,from Bd., 850 Comm erolal sfra , Counter. 70., 250. LONG WORTH'S 4, AND 6, OAK-STREET, Man_ cheater.

EXTRAORDINARY COUGH CURE. FevreWs Balsam of Aniseed—For Coughs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Yor Colds. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Asthma. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Couglas.—Broachitis. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—coughs.—Lung Troubles. Powell's Balsam of Ant seed —Coughs.—Night Conhs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Cougas.—lnfluenza. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Believes Instantly, Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Cougha.—Safe and Reliable. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Established 70 years, Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Refuse Imitations. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughc—Sold by Chemists. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Bottles, Is. Id., 2s. 3d, Bee Trade Mark—Lion, Net, and Mouse, on Wrapper.

BEDSTEAD, BEDDING, &C. AT LOWEST WHOLESALE PRICES. FEATHER BEM:, 35/-, WOOL BEDS, 10/6 BOLSTERS AND PILLOWS. B AIR, WOOL AND WIRE MATTRESSES, All Properly Purified by Chemical Process and Guaranteed. SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. BEDROOM CHAIRS, 2/6. KITCHEN CHAIRS, 2/11. THE LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

UNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE Co.,LD DINORWIG AND PENRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACRERS, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BIGKERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD °pyrex : Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, Tel. Acidress, ArpleY, Warrington. I Warrington.

WEDDING ElNGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FI hTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1264.

ACCIDENT ASSURANCE. ACCIDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS PAID £3,860,000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester Office: 64, Cross Street. AGENTS. Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate " Mr.W.H.RlGßEY,Nesscliffe.Victoria Rd.,Latehford St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, 11,rdshaw-street Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME, A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS is now being offered by T. CLARKE, " ExAmiNim" OFFICE, BARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent or 4s, in the Pound.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system in the World, and thereby defy competition. 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Of Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities. -- PRESS OPINIONS. "We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) •• is here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard." "An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds so equal to that contained in larger and mbre costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." " The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and I others who desire to make their gardens look bright dnriag the coming season in a very economical and effective manner,"—" Horticultural Times." -- LIST OF VEGFTABLS AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain- ing Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, Hardy Plants, U., with de.,criptions and cultural directions, and hOO Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

SHITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. els lid. and 26. 9d, per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking. and are the mart valuable at change of life, or periodtcal obstruction. No Blue Pill or Met.. =Halo, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walwerth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. 10.' per box, by post for 15 stanips ; a known cure, however hell the are. SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medieine Vendors.

CORPORATION OF THE :ATY OF MAN CHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slau;!liter-l'ouSe and Market Refuse, Excremtnt frra Pail Closets, BLOOD, BO.N ES, FISH, &C., Delivered in bags. carriage paid, in 2 Ton lets within 50 miles sad 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price ever 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early In the seagon to prevent dis Appointment. Full particulars from R. D4CALLISON, Indoor andoEstates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. Or to 34Mrr.. 3. H. DNRiIwTED. mlirfeosrtdp.rder.b, yA,lLtriivneerhpaooml., Mr. J. B. GALLAND. Brookfields, Baddiley, near Nan twich.

THE 13EANCO CYCLES MANUFACTURI3D BY BAXENDALE & CO. MANCHESTER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

"Yet, some men are such fools that they think the worst thing which can happen to them is death." "Oh I it is terrible to hear you talk like that, Dennis! " cried his aunt. "You, who are so young, ought to think life a very good thing and I ought to be anxious to live a long while, and tk see your baby a grown-up woman—perhaps married woman with children of her own, and— " Come, Maria, don't anticipate events so much," broke in Mr. Hughes in a mildly expostulatory manner. "I only want to put dear Dennis in good spirits." "Prophesying that his baby girl will grow up to have children of her own, can scarcely have the desired effect." Dennis smiled a bitter, disappointed smile. After a momentary silence Mrs. Hughes observed nervously: "I think, from what Dr. Bolton said, that he wishes Grace to leave home to-morrow, if possible. Would you mind her doing so, Dennis ? " "Certainly not; now that matters have progressed so far, the sooner the doctor's suggestions are carried out the better." "That is just what I think," she replied, rising; "and I will go iind tell Grace that it is all settled, and that she has your full consent to come home with us to-morrow. She will be so glad to bear it." Dennis coloured. "Glad to hear it I " he mentally repeated. What cutting sarcasm those kindly-meant words contained! (Yo be continued.)

15T • , , ..,-..... , .".?..;.4,.; 4. , • ,:. .., 5i- '‘....:3--fiNNIONIWININ 7""--;`111% *A _ :t -'1I:, ',...... ', r 7101 HALF-GUINEA COSTUMES -4-r*- , / /\, A , HIGHEST Direct from the Largest Firm of Costumiers in the World. _ Sent bLPasifepe.l .*-.4 KNOWN rtp.o,Lati,vobpea. eked, 1 ~,,,,,.,' SENT ~ ' ' , , ///if‘.l'', '• VALUE 7\ ' 'IP' PATTERNS it POST FREE ..,.."7 ~..v, ... coot:I:2x gaoroed cml TV. i n it v_ ijh ' cohmaill 1 / ••""" . { .4v7,,i Ott Vti . IP . ' Vin Ir. A/t.'*.", •,, ' FOR i'mis 4.- 4:,,,,' I,l.odDwLEaleEr Vre.l.OiTtisnE.RGA.,_nioght , I_. ~,,,,_____,lrmsair . - , N.O 013. Lt hE mu surfaceddhS. ' l, i: ,_ • _ .„4. / andr a.C.Od fud,Gmn, oifit b 7- : weight, sant together with new Illus- , ,•': ‘, / ./7,..„ Vs; trrede tllashipon Book to all who _ ii, ,_ \, \ r rnet , / '%%;• Li 7-i /11 i \ ../,., _. Zt:\ :',.;•'; ~/,/,,,,, •W\ \ ‘ il. lA. Full Dress Length iyards, 62 2. ~i. .. ;t" • /r- , ,1 , , inches wide) tor 716. / 1 :;',...../ ' A i p., Carriage &I ' `-•;. _.. r /- / , i • ---- A.. 1 , '' ~," P-7,-4,-, r",A,... ',414,,,';',1::',,,1'). '• ,7- 7", ~,,, • ..... ..z.---_-_---' - Yx:l4 :•II". if /Wk..- ~\ itt,' • •' — ----:::-._44. :.--- '4 ti -. I.:. .F^;' X .::;.''' '.. _ . MODEL 895. •.• ,t, ...,z • : ,V„ ...-'' A smart tailor-made suit. The :, \ . i 1./1 'i, THE NcEoWsT"uGmo 2 DON' Coat is weill C/..cut aud fast- \ ' , ti 1 1 I * ,MODEL 894. Carrie e 'd JOHN NOBLE 6/6' g ,'' • The Skirt Is In the latest mode, \ ens with I *X one outton. .X : , '''''.'..' ,/' '',,,, n 011114.-- • and is full wide. Price 15/- corn- , k. plete. Packed in leather board ~ , tli The 1 n amwe latest i i Oh ,Il f 6 Gail EIS: t rDlildwi Fie tneh: box and carriage paid I/- extra. , 4 braid A L'EcOSSE. Full wide -,_ Tailor Skirt. Price complete MOURNING ORDERS \ \ ' *. The 10,6 Carnage, ed. Slurt alone executed and sent off in ~',: , KNOCKABOUT 12 hours. LADIES CAN . '‘ • HAVE THEIR OWN DE- ,a.i..:-..-- , FROCKS FOR The Colours SIGNS made up in any _ -,,, —2- GIRLS. of all Costumes are BLACK, kind of fabric, by skilled ',lit:. .. ____ -- .., . iliiiel, . NAVY, BROWN, SAGE-GREEN ." ••••:.• -,,,—;-,,,,-., \ --,Li.-, Made in strong Serge, dressmakers, at aneninainn ELECTRIC, MYRTLE, PURPLE. -..iii,...--:- 2Se-i— with saddle - top, ful FAWN, RUBY and GREY. cost. sleeves and pocket. A Box of 1,000 Dress MODEL 844. 21.(6; 24, 2/-; 27, 2/6; Fabrics lent to select from, Smart Dalt - Guinea Norfolk SO. W-; 33, THE THREE STOCK SlZESCostume. Well - cut 39, 4/6; 42m., 51- each. are 34, 36, 36 ins, round bust and sent carriage paid. Bodiee.Fulll 0/6Tailor Skirt. Lengths are from top (under arms). Skirts being 38, Price 10/6, complete. Carriage of neckband to edge of 40.42 ins. long in front. Any BArnouts 7. "LONDON & Sdria.ae,fr alone for y 4d. extra. 6/6. Car. akirt in front. Carriage other rises can b e made welt& l M measure for 1/6 extra. p 61IDLAND SArEA,LsTED." NAME THIS NEWSPAPER WHEN ORDERING FROM JOHN NOBLE, LTD. 9 B"AftusEru,s. MANCHESTER. 4

Don't Starve Because Your Stomach Does Not Crave Food Take Hood's Sarsaparilla at Once and Be Cured. It is said dyspeptics often starve them- selves because they suffer by taking food, and they eat less and less until the stomach loses all desire for food. Hood's Sarsaparilla, by toning and strengthening the stomach, creates an appetite and gives digestive power. Food is then assimi- lated, and nourishes the whole body. "For several years I suffered from in- digestion and bad headaches, and Hood's Sarsaparilla has done me a great deal of good. My appetite has improved, the headaches and pain in the stomach have disappeared." JOHN CORNACK, Canisbay, Wick, Caithness, Scotland. Hood's Sarsa- . patina 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. At chemists or by post of C. I. Hood et Co. Ltd., 34, Snow Hill, London, E.C.

nurattan. T YTHAM.—BOARDING SCHOOL for MILS; 48, Ii Worray-irrxzEr. Carefultraining. Highest referimus. Ninon Mum.

T IVERPOOL COLLEHN sUPPBB SCHOOL—Next term 1.1 begins APRIL aS. Mr. BODEY. M.A.. receives BOARDSHS at 103 Hartington-road, Sefton Park, Liver pool. Terms on application.

----- WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL—POULTON-LB-FYLDE, 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached home. Happy home. Resident English and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Principal.—Miss ROGERSON. Governess- Pupil wanted. _

QHIFNAL GRAMMAR SCHOOL, SHROPSHIRE.— Special advantages in Modern Languages and Commer- cial Subjects, including Typewriting (Barlock) ; limited number of pupils ; strictly inclusive scissol and boarding fees 2,3 guineas per annum. Neat Term April 26th.---For Prospectus address the HEAD MASTER.

OSENEATH, WREXHAM, N. WALES, HIGH-CLASS 1 SCHOOL FOR GlRLS.—Prineip4ls : MISS EVANS and MISS JONES, assisted by Miss Evellne Iredale, 8.A., Friullen Thumm, and others. First class Masters. Splen- did modern mansion, standing in four acres of ground ' • two tennis lawns, school library, gymnasium, perfect sanitation. Good modern methods. Every attention paid to the health and comfort of pupils. Very successful in examinations. For terms and prospectus, apply as above.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR S C 1100 L. THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, APRIL 21ST. The HEAD MASTER will be at Homo to Interview Parents on WEDNESDAY, APRIL Ma. Proapectus, ac., on application.

MANCHESTER GRAMHAR SCIIOOL Fee £4 4s. per Term. The NRXT TRIVI begins WEDNESDAY. APRIL 20th. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, TH SAME DKr at 9 a.m. PROS FECTUSIIS, Forms of Application, az., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX, Receiver. NB—The Boarding-house in connection with the School Is situated at Higher Broughton.

-- QOUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDB MEDRO.—Pirysielan, DE BARNARDO. desirable Winter Residence, one et the handsomest b 11 hags in Southport; centrally situated; replete with every comfort; line 888 vie,V. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 78. 6d. per day, including Turkish, Ruasian, and other Baths, Massage and Galvanism- -J. Boococx, Proprietor.

rimiE METROPOLE PRIVATE HOTEL BOARDING .I. ESTABLISH MINT, Queen's Buildings, Clonnsel-street, Liandudtm (Close to the Promenade). Twenty well- furnished commodious Bedrooms. Centrally situated. Sea View. Liberal Table. Special terms to Cyclists and Parties. Strictly moderate terms. Hither with or without board.— ENS. HARROW, Proprietress.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE FIOTE L, 34 TO 40 LIIDGATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUAR.S. 110 ME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUBINENN OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN& CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW OARPE PS, FURNITURE, REUP- HOLSTERING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDINGT/co7 Designs and Patterns Sent on Application. Note Address,—CHARLES SOUTHORN gc CO., LTD.. 38, 40, and 42, BASNETT-STRBET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 6367.

y LANDODNO,—Corafortabls Apartruests : terms modsr- IA ate. Apply Mrs. WILLIAMS, Sklpten Mouse. Mostyn Avenue.

BLACKPOOL.-APARTMENTS, with or without board--; home comforts ; titres minutes Talbot-road dtation and sea.—ITYDEITE, Polam-road.

•DL&CKPOOL W. STeNDRING 56, Central Drive. To I.t _LI at valuation (through death) splendid company house In Central Drive, Claremont Park, Aluert-road Par- ticulars km application,

ZZianttb.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYLIE. THT ORIGINAL AND ONLY GRNDINIL. (IBLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to V be the most is and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. rii4LORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often tat,' diseases—Diphtheria, Fever. Croup, 4figue• 11HLORODYN6 acts like charm in Diarrhea V) and the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. rIBLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attack,. N..J of Epilepsy. Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. 011LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheurnatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, From Dr. B. J. BOULTON IND CO., HOrneafitle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chloredyne in oar Practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain aid irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It indueas a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to' possess this great advantage over all ether sedatives ; thht it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that be received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DTNE."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE or PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. Carnon.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid., 28. Sd., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNWS CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. BOLE MANUFACTURERS T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury. London

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed in every ease, however long standing. Timnitmene ote GENUINE TESTIMONIALS. ; Post ree 3d. eau. To be had only C. HAN, MJIDICA.L HERBALIST, 113. Gray's Inn flout, London,Wo

G. H. AND H M. JACKSON. 59 AND 61 CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON. 1U ST forfeited, Lady's GOLD Payments taken tl HHYLESS WATCH, 14-carat eases, fully jewelled, very highly finished ; warranted for ten years. gi Our price .6D.

Cl RIMS I-plate GOLD LRYBR, Payments taken kit 18-carat eases ; maker, Russell. Liverpool; fully jewelled, equal to £9 10s. new; tremendous bargaln.Warranted

GUNT'S GOLD ALBEIRT, 9-earat Payments taken Government stamped, very massive, almost new, very low price £2 52.

T_T ANDROME Drawing-room Payments taken SUITE, solid Walnut, uphol- stered in Crockett's best Leather, chair hacks handsomely carved; very highly finished. MUST ER SOLD, NOW OFFERED AT VERY LOW FIGURE.

rri APB s TRY CARPBT,newest Payments taken design,splendid quality. 3 yards by 3it yards. genuine Bargain. To El_ 2.c S 6D. clear

JUST received, a very large eon- Payments taken t 1 signment of Square and Pem- broke TABLES, 1-inch solid tops, guaranteed well made, such value has never been offered to the Public of this Town before Come and See for Yourselves. before, FROM gipo OS, 6D. BACH,

T IARAIIINWARE and China.—Seconds £2 orate: Beets £3; or will send 15 dozen seam& articles for 17s. 6d. ; writs for iste.—Wan AND CO., Staffordshire Potteries, Langton.

FlLBS.—Hundreds eucceeefally mired by BA.BLIB ILES. Well worth a 'pound a box. Sold at is.; poet free is. id; by Chemists or proprlator.—SPEDDlNG, Bone- setter, Batley.

GRiCUINB RIiCITH for Arst class Horse sad Cattle Condiment, Is. 6d.; Calf Rearing Food, Is. 6d.; both, 2s, 6d. ; one half the cost of made up foods.—Thwttfc, Chesterton. Bridgnorth.

DROTHCT YOUR SHEDS and PEUIT.—Use good GARDEN NETTING, also for Fowl Runs, Pigeon Plights, Ste., ISO yards bit.. 2 yards wide; approval.—HlLL, Harnpstod-terrace, Ashford, Kent.

OOD VAN or Light Lorry MORSR FOR SALM. 14 hands, guaranteed sound ; good willing worker trial or V.S. To bo sold cheap. owner no furtker use—Apply Ivr COTTAGE, Folley-lane, Warrington.

64 I ARI:3I3IC NRTTING."—Geed and 'trilling. well oiled and dressed, mesh made to keep smallest birds from Buds, Blooms, and Seeds in the ground. Pries 100 by 1 yard wide, 3s. ; 2 yards wide, 6e. ; 3 yards wide, 9s. Carriage paid orders over ss. in value. Any length and width sup- plied; used In the Royal gardens.—A. Paresis. Wolverhamp ton.

IRB NBTTING. Great Reduation. Best Galvanized V V NETTING. at cash pria-s •, in 50 yards rolls, 3 inch me.h, 2 ft 31. 4d., 3 ft 55., 4 ft Sc. Bd. ; 2 Inch mesh, 2 ft 4s. Id., 31t 65.,4 ft Is. 2d; 1 inch mesh,2 ft 75.6d.,3 ft 115.2 d. , 4 ft lbs. Galvanized Sheep NIITTING, but. 50 yard rolls. 3ft wide, 4 inch mesh, centre strand, 7s, 4d ; Si. 3d ; 102.34. Stakes per dozen 6s. Special Stakes, very heavy, per dozen 9s. 6d. ; carriage paid on lets (Stakes er Netting) isf 50e value and upwards; Buyers resnember Wolverhampton is the Centro of the Iron Trade, and buy oily of the actual makers, THE lloana-anumr Law( WOIUM CO., Wolverhasup- ton.

T AmEs, MOTHBES, and DAUGHTERS.—A Lady of 1.4 great experience will be pleased to forward to any lady (on receipt of gamed, directed envelope) proofs of the most powerful female medicine on earth, as used in all the prin- ciple towns in &ngland, cures all forms of female irregulari- ties and obstructions—no matter how long standing ; write at ones for proofs and particulars of my famous female rentedy, which has cured the most hopeless case in a few hours ; quite harmless to the most delicate lady ; never fails in the most obstinate case, causes no pain or prostration. lease mention paper. MADAM LAMLAX, Berkeley Villa, Southall Green, Atisldletex.

TO PICTTRE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. HMORBLL,I7 and IS.Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury, . W.C. Cheapest Mouse I London for English and Foreign Picture-Prams andltoomn Moulding. Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldiugs.S.c. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Reeding. Spescial attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just pal.- lished, 107 pa gel containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps RA Da ,1 ay. London." . Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram

KEATINGS' POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. THE UNRIVALLED KiLLEE. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harmless to everything but Insects). sea only in tins, 3d., 6d., and is. Only be sure you do get " Ke,tlng's." FLEAS' BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

ALL LADIES . Will be glad tis hear that Mrs. M. Damerau, CERTIFICATED MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructions and irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in long-standing obstinate cases. It cannot fail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant People, they never send you the right remedy. If you have already done so, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and YOU will not be deceived. Yeu will find that it is always cheaper to oome to the right place first. Below are some testimonials received. The originals of these, with thousands of others, can be seen any time. Fr,m Mrs. Chef ham: "Madam, will you kindly send lEaln one bottle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted splendidly. I enclose Bm."—Mrs. Ritmo writes : " Kindly lorward by return of at a bottle of your Female Mixture. It put me all right last oime, and I trust it will do se again" —From Mrs. Fletcher t "Madame I received the Mixture all right, and I took the doses as stated • it did all that was needed, for which I thank you very rnuel2."—kfi3. S. writes from Sheffield : lam pleased to tell you your medicine did all that was required, though I thought It had failed, for I had the last dose thirty hours before any change took place. I had the last dose on Sunday, and all was right as possible Tuesday atte: noon. Everything had been as well as it was possible. Had I written t.)you at first, I should have been over £2 in pocket. You may show this letter. but cover name and address."—Mrs. Bryan writes: "Madam, lam glad to be able to report that th last two doses have Lad the desired effect. I shall n•commend your remedy to all my married friends. I think it is excellent, and should I be in difficulty again myself, shouldat once apply to you." —From Mrs. Garside : I have roue h pkasure in sending you news of having relief the first morn' ng, for which I am very thankful indeed. I shall always f_le_grateful for your Mixture, and if I need anything again, LA ill send to you." Address: Rine. DAMEtwaU, Milton Cottage, Forest Hill, London

Teleptacne No. 55. e: ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Begs to announce that he has removed his Offices to the more convenient premises NO. 1, BA Nx STREET, The faround Floor of the Central Bale Booms.

POULTRY KIMPBRS can now buy 2401 b. special mixed FOWL CORN for 115. 6d., sack included and carriage paid.--Address SA.NDERSON AND HIITCHINSoN, Bridgewater- street, Liverpool.

A NCONAS, Anconas. —EGGS from grand pens of Anconas, Baurlay and Smith's strain ; splendid winter layers, 3s doz. ; unfertlle replaced.—J. KELLY, Calder Vale. Ciarstang, Lanes.

--- TNDIAN GAME EGGS from grand lot of specially _L selected birds of Frayn's and Gott's strains on ;un- limited grass. ti. sitting ; also eggs from pure white Leg- horns ; good I*Ying strain 4s. sitting unfertile replaced.— BouTawostra, Hart's Head Hotel, Giggleswick, Yorks.

EGGS.—Grand Pens, (Prize Strains). ROCKS, ORPING- JD 'IONS, LIGHT BRAHNIAS, SILVER WYANDOTTES, Houdans, Minorca!, Buff and White Leghorns, 3s. per dozen ; Buff Cochins anct buff Orpingtons, 3s. 6d.; Incubators (copper tanks), 70 eggs 30s. ; Grit Smashers, 35. ; Pure Cockerels from 45.—J. G. PowbAm, Sankey, Warrington.

LIGGS FROM THE FINEsT SPHOIMBINS and most ex- fritordhaary layers ever mated. My birds have grass runs. B vga tan be had as once; Houdans, Minorcas, White Leghorns, White, Gold and Buff Wvandottes. Buff Rocks, Buff Orpingtons,lndian Runner and Aylesbury Ducks, 2s 6d. sitting Cambridge Bronze Turkeys; Cross Embden-Toulouse Geese.eggs 8d each, carefully packed ; unfertile replaced nspection if stook invited. —.Tons/ ROE, Poulton -le-Fyide.

EGOS. SINCLAIR'S EGGS. EGG PRODUCING POWDER. DEFIES COMPETITION. YOUR HEN'S will LAY Summer and Winter if you, use' it. Send at once for sample ilb. tin ; Is. carriage paid sufficient far 6 Hens, for 10 weeks. Once tried always used SOLE MANUFACTURER, F. SINCLAIR, THE HUT, HARROW, MIDDLESEX. B. EGOS

UGGS FOR SITTING.—In returning Thanks to my 11/ patrons for their oonlidsnce placed in me last season, I may say that from reports that have come to ma my eggs gave general satisfa,tlon, and I shall do my best again this season. I have Black Minocras, Blue Andalusian', Hou .ans, Red Caps. White Leghorn, Brown Leghorns, Indian Game, Buff Ccchins, White Brahmas. Langshana, Black Orping- tons, Light Brahman, Plymouth Rocks, and three pens of crosses— Buff Orpington cock, Brown Leghorn Huff Cochin hens • White Leghorn cock, with Light Brahma hens ; Dorking cock, with Indian Game Orpington hens, for table fowl. Also Ducks—Rouen,, Aylesbury and Indian runners. All eggs one price (save Indian Game) 2s. 6d. per sitting to , them that fetch their own eggs ; 3s. packed put on rail ; I Indian game as. All unfartila eggs replaced, but not addled eggs. The farm is fiYer minutes walk trim Lowton St. Mary's Station Of. S. &L. R.).—AddreSS HENRY DRAPER, Poultry Breeder, Mather-lane. Lowton. Newton-le-Willows. No business done on Sundays.

Oat St— ----- QTRONG PAM/MATTO BAPHTIC. Bnamelled and Plated L7EI Good Cushion safety. El 105.—J. BROADBENT, Matthew-stnset, ilarnworth, near Bolton.

LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (just past r Station, through Railway Arch). i LARGEST AND MOST CONVENIENT GENERAL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT IN THE KINGDOM. PIT TS'S have gained a distinctive and unique renown, having been universally proclaimed by Free, and Public alike the LARGEST. BEST, and CHEAPEST GENERAL FURNISHERS, and the bargains PITTS'S are eonstantly offering have well-merited the unbiassed eulo- giurns thereon bestowed. As surely and as irresistibly as the magnet at:racts the steel, so do PITT-S'S MARVELLOUS BARGAINS in Furniture, Carpets, Bedsteads, Bedding, Pianos, Cycles, Bassinottes, Glass, China, ic.. draw from all parts of the country ever-increasing numbers Of shrewd buyers anxious to securethern. Apart from countless com- plete furnishing orders from the Manchester locality. PITTS'S'. have recently booked similar good lines from such far away towns as 5110111.1 d, Southpors, Blackpool, Whitehaven, Leeds, Newcastle, Bradford, Stoke, teleeester, Crewe, Chester, eat. Now there are plenty of furniture shops in each of these places. Then why des the people furnish at PITTS'S ? birnply bee.use at PITTS'S there is INFINITELY ThaTTER SELECTION, at much LOWER PRICES, in fact very often a saving of from 25 toso per cent can be effected. and PITTS'S customers being thrifty and wide awake, knew this, and so Furnished at PITTS'S for about one half what tney would have had to pay o'sowhere. Tim moral of this is obviously. GO THOU AND DO LIKEWISE, At PITTS'S there is every con- venience for viewing. She vast premises are Electric lighted throughout. There are Hydraulic Pa ger Lifts to all floors, and whether buying or not PITTS'S will be pleased to show you round. 111EITTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i, 22i, 24. 38i, 50, 75, 100 up to 1000 guineas are at the prices iRE 'rimy aim THAT MONEY CAN BUY not only for the QUANTITY of articles bat more especially for toe QUALITY thereof. Full particulars. Press opinions, and Testimonials on application. Cash prices only quoted, deterred payment by arrangement. pITTS'S FOR DINING-ROOM FURNITURE.—SpIendid Snits, American walnut, in rich Utrecht velvet, cost £45, for £l5 103, handsome Siceboard to match, cost £2.5. for 21.0 10s. Exteading Dining Tablet, cost £7 for £.3 3s. Grand Suite, Amerioan walnut and Arabian saddlebags, swot 55 guineas, tor £l5. klagnilcont Br nvn Oak Suite, In real ' Morocco leather, cost 60 guineas. for 25 guineas. Colossal solid Oak Sideboard to match, profusely carved. cost £95, fat £35. serviceable Saito in real le.ther, £7 10s., cost £2O. An- other in velvet, £8 Is. NIA £22. Scores to select fro:n at ex. °optionally low prices. Dins FOR DRAWING ROOM FURNITURE. Exquisite Chippendale Suite, solid rosewood, beautifully inlaid, 'Cost £55, f.tr 24 guineas. Ovornanntel to match, cost £l5, for 6 guineas. Also Cabinet, Cost £55. for 20 guineas. Italian t Walnut Suite. In rich velvet, cost £35. for 16 guineas. One ' 1, in tapestry cost 2.30. ier 12 guineas. Another its embossed velvet, cost £2l for 8 guineas. Bitting-room Suite complete. ' cost £2l, for 9 guineas. 'las couch, two easy and small chairs ' in mahogany, or hair and leather ; sideboard, table, carpet, fender, and ire brasses. The Greatest Bargain ever offered. PITT'S FOR NEDROOK FURNITURE.—Grand Solid American Walnut Suite, complete, cost £65, for 25 guineas. Splendid Satin Walnut Suite, cost £45, for 11 guineas. Ash Suite cost £2s.for 11 guineas, Entire contents of Bedroom for 7 guineas, worth double, contains wardrobe, pair of Witt tables, chest of drawers, pedestal cupboard, towel rail, three chairs, toilet glass,brass mounted bedstead, mattresses. wool bed, bolster, two pillows, carpet, fender, and toilet ware, all complete. Massive all brass Bedstead, cost £lO, for 5 guineaas. Brass mounted Bedsteads, spring and wool mattresses full size and quality, for 21 gnineas,well worth double. PITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE has stood pro-eminent for over fifty years. Largest, best, and cheapest stock. Every description of Desks, Tables, Stools, Chairs, Bookcases, t.:afos, Copying Presses, at about half city prices, at QAMUEL PITTS'. Established 1845. /.../ LONDON-ROAD (close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just through South Junction Railway Arch. Ardwlek, Lougsight, and belle Vue cars pass the door.

PRESENTS FOR NEW YEAR, WEDDINGS, AND BIRTHDAYS, ALSO COINS, MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On SALE, a Choice selection of Presents for NEW YEAR WnDDINGS and BIRTHDAYS. in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY. and MISCELLANI, OM AN) a Rae selection of RARE COINS. MEDALS, COIN CANINETS.ANTIQUES,CHINA and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD bought or tasen In exchange. V. S. PII,NNINGTON & CO., NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS. AND JEWELLERS, 63, R _ENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 1819. Valuations for Probate.

FT. 1_ OW LE'S CHLORODYNE RENOWNED FOR COUGHS, To W LE'S CI LORODY NE BROWIMAitS, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S: CTILORODYNE ASTHMA, Sielenre. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE &C. r r 130. per Bottle. .4t. OW LE'S GILORODYNE A. I'. TOWLE MANCHESTER.

• liffortep. £150,000 AM frIWANonCIED3I oPnERMOCRITGACt. in SUMS to stilt BORROW MRS ln any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READER, 6, Cook-st., Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

TU E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. .STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO o RV' t on PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower Inter an usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit Or- f wers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done or 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy at.. Manchester.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK 10, CORPORATION-STRBET, MANCHEcTER. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments, or in ene sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminarr fees charged.—Apply to MR. RICHARD WOOD, Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. fr )3. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANC2IS 131 FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. cIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEISTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, in your simple written promise to pay back.—Apply at VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, d In WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane my Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and Dittrict mutually receive precisely the same attention.

LiNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Bead Office : 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon Promissory Notes, Deeds, Policies. Shares. Ac., at the following sealant charges : £lO repayable 58. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O „ 208. „ £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged it desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2f to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

- FIEL D I N G'S LIMITED. LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £3 TO £5OO DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDER: and others, with or without sureties said STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Lite Assurance Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leaseho!d Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. 1 £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. 2/6 ~ £2O ~ 10/- , £lO ~ ~ £25 ~ 12/6 Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Satur,...; 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADS WORTH, District Agent, 121. MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON

NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale. Publicity, or ! Fees, from one month to five years. TH E NATI,,NAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS-STREET, I Established 1872. MANCHESTER. Capital. £200,000. r The directors of this well-known old-established Bank rare prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. , Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge preliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objectional Loan Office routine is entirely dispensed with. Apply in strictest confidence to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, Resident Manager, NOTE,—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS for I LOANS on LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES. REVERSION t and SECOND MORTGAGRS. NOTIL—NO PRELIMINARY FEES.

M NET LENT PRIVATELY. A PRIVATE GMNTLEMAN, having a considerable Anna of uninvested money at his disposal, is prepared to advance the same to all respectable and responsible Persons in any part of England or Wales. in sums ot not less than £lO to 21000 on Borrowers own SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO REPAY, without sureties or security. No Delay. No Law Costs. THE STRICTEST PRIVACY IS GUARANTEED and, if desired, a written undertaking will be given to this effect. Advances also made on Mortgages and reversions at low rates of Interest repayable by easy instalments, or in one sum to suit the Borrower's convenience, or. if desired, the 'Capital ean remain as long as the interest is paid. ' For full particulars (free of charge), apply personally or by Iletter (stating amount required) to. MR. W. STEWART, 2, COOPII STREET, MAINCHESTIIII•

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILtiON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED BEG to itlforoA t heir former patrona and the Pub lie generhily that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 765 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS. PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UN DERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of-which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & 00N, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSBIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRYVILLE FACTORY, BALLYMFRE.

OCHIERWATE R AND LLOYD ARE OFFsRING TILE BEST VALUE IN THE CITY IN JEWELLERY, DIAMOND GOODS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, SILVER GooDs, ELECTRO PLATE, AND WATCHES OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS AND SIZES. SPECIAL AGRNTS FOR THE FAMOUS WALTHA WATCHES. ALL HOODS ARKED E PLAIN FIGURES, AND QUALITY GUARANTEED. -- 295 CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

D" SCOTT'S pus The Safest Medicine. Mild bu Effectual. DR. scorrs Contain the finest drugs that can be procured. 1)R. SCOTT'S pms Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depression. DR. scoTrs plus Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite, D.. swims pus Strengthen and invigorate the whole Nervous System. D scorrs pus The best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purifier. DR. scoTrs puzs Are prepared only by W. LAMBBRT, 173, SHYMOUR- PLACII. London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped ix a square green package.

UMBRELLAS, UMBRELLAS, UMBRELLAS. A Large and Varied Stook to Select from at all prices. UMBRELLAS RECOVERED, In ILK from 4s. Ed. In half-an-hour. Trade supplied. Established upwards of 40 years. JOSEPH McCAULET, 65, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

pAR RY 'S GREAT FURNITURE SALE Catalogue now ready, post free on eplication to 20, DOWNING-STnRET, LONDO 1-ROAD, MARCHRSTBR. All Bello Vue trams pass the do ,r. Solid Oak Dresser. 11 drawers, glass hand, Mahogany . ofa, Gent's and I%dy's Basy azzd 4 Small Chairs 2 15 Stuff-back Dining-room Sulte,in saddlebags, quite new 5 5 Solid Rosewood Drawing-toom Suite of 9 pieces, in hair 4 10 Solid Walnut Dining-room Suite of 9 pieces, real morocco 3 10 6ft. Extending Dining Table, with patent screw 1 6 Large Mahogany Wardrobe, with bevelled plate centre door 418 Pair of Mahogany Stands, fixed glass and marble slab, on Castors 41t. Enclosed Wathstand and Dressing Table, with swing glass, 6ft. 2-door Wardrobe, three chairs and rail, the lot 2 18 IHandsome Burr Walnut Bedroom Suite, cost 90gs. IBlack and Brass Full-sized Bedstead and Mattre.ss te comple ' 014 Chippendale Drawing-room Suite, recovered in finest silk Several Chippendale Cabinets £5 10s.' 2.6 10 7 IQ Old-fashioned 6ft. Sideboard, with 3-tier back 6ft. Dresser. Sycamore top, 7 drawers and cupboard... 1 1 Handsome Chippendale becretaire, with brass handles 3 5 Large Quantity of 011 Paintings, Bronzes and Clocks Carpets, &a.

LiDIES, LADIES! NOTHING SUCCEEDS LIKE SUCCESS! At last, I have discovered a Remedy for Female Ailments, Irregularities, Obstructions, which is Safe, Speedy, Harmless, and Sure, and has met with unbounded success in hundreds of cases when all others have failed. Before sending else• where, write me enclosing stamped directed envelope for full particulars of my famous French Remedy which will cure the most obstinate Obstructions, By BO doing, you will sate Worry, troubie and expense. MADAME MARIE, 12, BVANDALE ROAD, BRIXTON, LONDON, S.W. LADIES.

FRANCIS J. DELL, 110USB DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always in Stock. 30, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MILLINERY. HENRY MILES MILLINERY SHOWROOMS ARE NOW OPEN WITH A COIPLETE STOCK Or ALL THE LATEST ENGLISH AND FRENCH NOVELTIES FOR SPRING AND SUMMER. The whole of the NEW PREMISES at the Corner of CHURCH-STREET and TARLETON-STREET, are now devoted to MILLINERY and MILLINERY MATERIALS NOTE.—QUALITY AND STYLE. AT POPULAR PRICES. THE LATEST MODELS FROM LONDON, PARIS AND VIENNA ARE ON VIEW IN THE SHOWROOMS. TRIMMED HATS AND BONNETS. FOR LADIES, 'YOUNG LADIES, AND CHILDREN, SAILORS AND FANCY STRAWS, FEATHERS, FLOWERS, AND FANCY BIRDS ORNAMENTS IN PASTE, GILT, AND Jim RIBBONS, LACES, CHIFFONS, AND EVERY FASHIONABLE MATERIAL FOR MILLINERY PURPOSES. ONE OF THE LARGEST STOCKS OF TRIMMED !MILLINERY IN LIVERPOOL TO SELECT FROM ,LHE WoRKROOMS, The WORKROOMS are in chargo of MADAME FAIR— BANK (French Milliner), a lady of undoubted abilit y and experience from, the best millinery centres in London and Paris. MADAME FAIRBAISK shas had the honour of fur nishing millinery on many occasions to members of the English Royal Family. THE SHOWROOMS, The SHOWROOMS are under the management of THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED LADIES from the Princi- pal Millinery Houses of London. I intend that the BUYER and HEAD MILLINER shall VISIT ale LONDON and PARIS: MARKETS EACH MONTH DURING THE SEASON, so as to place before my numerous CUSTOMERS copies of the LATEST MODELS at PRICES HITHERTO UN- KNOWN. HENRY MILES, CHURCH-STREET AND TARLETON-STREET, LIVERPOOL

THE EXAMINEE:. APRIL 15t6, 1898.

Sore Throats. "You crinrt-i 4-1.. r than'garglo IZ, with 0 N " Sr -; !!‘ , Garzle •(.7 with ILA,' I V"'W Remedial r. u u , cr SUTI37I:: insist en I.:iying "CONDY'S," COsasOIIND (Trade Mark), for Uougbs n"-41r4. ear ittreaniksiraWtreWt 4 Colds. 9 (1,130. Sold by Chemists only.—Adst. and

Mll Y THOUSANDS INDORSE HIS IMPIOVED • liOMCEOPATHIC CHEMISTS KEPT BUSY HANDING OUT THESE. 1, CURATIVE LITTLE PELLETS. Rheumatism, Dyspepsia, Kidney Troubles, Blood Diseases, and all Nervous Complaints and Throat and Lung Affections positively cured by Munyon's Improved Homceopathic Remedies.—Ask your:chemist for Munyon's Guide to Health.—Buy a shilling Remedy and cure yourself. TESrIMONIA.L.S. WILL EVER PRAISE MUNYON. Mrs. Margaret Doncaster, residing at 46d, Knutsford-road, Latchford. Warrington, says—" I suffered with very severe Cough for a long time, I obtained no rest at nights, and the pain was intense, I tried many things but coal& get no relief. My daughter bearing how much good Munyon's Cough Cure had done some friend of h'er 3 bought me a vial, and after taking only half a bottle of your wonderful little pellets I was astonished at the great relief they gave me, and after taking the remainder of the marvellous little pellets lam completely cured. I will ever praise Munyon's Cough Cure for the great good it has done me. MRS. MARGARET DONCASTER.' STRONGLY RECOMMENDS MURTON'S CURES. Mrs. Ann Litherland, a well-known lady residing at 114, Edleston-road, Crewe, says " I have for a long time suffered from dyspepsia and liver complaint, and tried doctors and everything / could learn of, hut have found nothing to give me the relief I have experienced since taking Munvon's Dye's 'psis and Liver Cures, end I strotgly recommend all sufferers to try Munyon's Marvellous cures, as nothing has done me such an amount of good as those little pellets, MRS. ANN LITHERLAND." ENTIRELY CURED BY MURTON'S COLD CURE. Mr. Thomas Griffiths, a well-known resident of Crewe for over twelve years. and real ding at 107, Earle-street, Crewe, save u "I was suffering from a heavy cold, and had to remain in the house for several clays. I procured a bottle of Munyon's Cold Cure and after taking only one half of the bottle of the little pellets lam pleased and glad to say that they have given me more relief than anything I have ever used, and lam now entirely well. I cheerfully and naest willingly recommend Munyon's Cold Cure to all sufferers. THOMAS GRIFFITHS, 107, Earle-street, Crewe." Mnnyon's Rheumatic Cure seldom fails to relieve in one to three hours, and cures in a few days. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively cures all forms of indigestion and stomach troubles. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Colt/ Cure prevents pneumonia, and breaks up a cold in a few hours. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Cough Cure stops cough, night sweats, allays sonnies% an 1 speedily heals the lungs. Price One Shilling. Munvon's Kidney Cure speedily cures pains in the back, loins, er groins, au I all f vale of kidney disease. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness and builds up the system. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache in three minutes. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Pile Ointment pesitlvely cures all forms of piles. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all impurities of the blood. Prise One Shilling. Munyon's Female Remedies are aboon to all women. Munyon's Catarrh Remedies seldom fail. The Catarrh Cure —price one shilling—er.i.dicates the disease from the system, and the Cattarh tablets—price one shilling—Cleanse and heal the parts. Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve In three :minutes and cure permanently. Price Four Shillings. Munvon's Vitalizer, a great tonic and restorer of vital strength to weak people. Price Four Sailliags. A separate care for each disease. Mostly One Shilling a vial. Personal letters to Pro. Manyou, 121, ShaftesburylAvenue, London,A., answered with free medical adrice for any disease.

WARNER'S S V Ts iczia HAS NO EQUAL FOR LIVER TROUBLES, .A.1.411_4 ONE: S, iNDIGESTION. • A -1:7 SYRESHAM, BRACKLEY, NORTH HANTS. —" For over ten years I suffered from ex- treme torpidity of the liver, and biliou nes, causing indigestion and loss of appetite. Teeing to get permanent relief from the various me:l:eines and treatments tried, I was persuaded to try Warner's Safe &ire. I took it for abont five months, ard a-, a result fully recovered my former good heii h. which I have enjoyed ever since. It is .i,ow five years since my recovery, and I have suC- feted no relapse of the unpleasant symptoms." —(Mr2.) MARY ANN HART. Cltaorge,y-mraan.

POSTAL INFORHAT EON YOST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage. and . with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Prodsharn, Hetsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-46 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester. Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.L. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle o Ma 10-10 a.m.-11ttanchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-Eaet Lancashire, South Wake, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham . Northumberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Ea tern, midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m—Chester. Wraxham, Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter. Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S-Last Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cunaberlaud, Vrgan Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m —Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead. Northwhich Nantwich and Sancl bitch 2-45 p.m.— Prodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows. Manchester 3 o;p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lynam, Thelwall, Heaney 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 6-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Pret.ton, Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.m.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man. and Scotlanel 10-30 13.m.—Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra 11-lb—nronSdtoanm, pMidlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign Letters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m., 12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... High-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jatstes Jordan Hours of I Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with 0 i nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

RUGBY, STRETTON - UNDER- FOSSE.— "Nothing suits me so well or does me so much good when suffering from nervousness, indigestion and general weakness, as Warner's Safe Cure."—(Rev.) C. G. SQUIRRELL. Price of Warner's Safe Cure, 2/9 & 4/6 per bottle, of Chemists & Dealers.

' f . ' L. 0 1 4 4 ..—...-....... I DISPENSABLE TO LADIES ! Particularly , those who desire a quick, safe and reliable and non-idjuriourl remedy for all obstructions and irregularities, a medi- cine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady teed despair, as the moot obstinate and helpless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. 'Wilson, of honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your Invaluable remeily took Immediate effect; In less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of Misery and hopelessness.' A properly certified tieeantee is enclosed with testimonials and medicine. package at 4/1) is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- lars and proofs. I will forfeit £2.000 if the teed- toonials are not genuine. Thousands of unsolicited Testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by shavry advertisements and other so-called remedies avhich are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. NoTica.—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have the largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and only harmless medicine of its kind for ladies, and Cures more patients in one month than all other Female 'Remedies put together in twelve months. This can be proved by our Testimonials. . If you require more particulars, I will send you per teturn of Post, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid rook. (34 Pages) and Guide cloth covers, 6o pages and :on!llstrations of Ladies Appliances), and full particulars f and the wonderful effective remedies as advertised _ sold in every town and village in Great Britain. Consultations Free every day 3to 7. Established OVeC 200 years. . Do not delay, but write at once privately to MADAME FRAIN, Isdical Institute, Hackney Road, Lenart,' 4.k, (Opp,-"e Shoreditch Church.)

, -.., rrst-ic,4l '!"-•:,,,g0,-74, 7, \ ,N* 1,-, .. ...\ \ / 4';-, ' '.• ... ---4-s . . 4,3 k -.., i „,, ‘L. -- ,-1-' _ , --,•,..f. , -,.. ..„ ~.. ...- .:=4,41., • A '.:: sLtlll RS ETS . „ w -,,,, NIGH-GRADE MANUFACTURES. lECONOMIC IN PRICE. * * # f h Perfection of Shape. :''''''t.' • Dest Materials. High-class Work. : • -•,' British Manufacture. :• RUSILL&L' "ZAHIJI3" DIMS An SUPPORTS. . Various Shapes for all figures. . * Ai We recommend Z 66 Black, 5/6: Z 67 White. : French Grey, or Putty. 5/6. irtrnable to obtain, write to W. Prett ; •1 Son, Ipswich, for illustrated list, and , particulars as ta where procurable. siviltsfl.;•.**,** it* its ,4,4f* ##s,lit** , 1405.,

--TIAV.E YOU A BAD LEG ie. .thrrwhas wtitheinfld,ismehmenegi t eon oarndotshweorrins Wilarrwourds your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- .4,`-"Mon ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies .7 the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you r•er ean recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. LertUIPS your knees are so alien, the joints being ulcerated; tame with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- Coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may bave attended various hospitals aid had medical advice, and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- pritatlon ; but do not. for I CAN CUBIC YOU. I don't say perhaps ; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Bend at once a Postal Order tor 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDON-STREWr LcurnoN, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS evtach Is ft c,,rtatn remedy for the cure of Bad Lees •len plaids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pots) lel lan BUolons.

RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WA LL BOXES A.RE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS

FITS ORI EPILEPSY, GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS.? tilt CERTAIN METH9D of CURE has been discovered for L,1,3e distressing complaints. It is never known to fall, and 4 Cure the most hooeless case after all other means have tried. Full particulars free of all charge. Address : MR. WILLIAMS, 11. DURWOOD PLACE, HYDE PARK, LONDON.

IMPORTANT TO YOU. Wh 13,, en a man has suffered for years with a weakness that .lights his life and robs him of all his pleasures ; when, niter h„ Years of doctoring with all sera of patent medicines. I.; finds at kilt the right treatment, which brings back to ',Zro the power and energy that seemed lost for ever, that an should have every reason to be thankful. se' MEDICAL TREATISE (96 Pages) on this seientific and 140St_ successful method for the rapid and permanent cure of etiLvous Debility and the kindred physical and ervous b,ralts, also on Diseases of the Skin, Bladder, Blood, and syn't 417 System may be obtained by post, in envelope, on of a "tamps, by writlag to-day to MESSRS. SON AND CO., 3 lan 4. FITZALAN-SQUARE, T BLD. t.44LerY married and single men should avail himself of lkor'PPOrtunity to secure a copy of this valuable book, which Isnanghly explains tha different ailments arising from I,ess worry and their rapid and permanent cure. "T. SEALED. ADDRESS_ tlessrs. WILKINSON, 8c Co Fitzalan Square, Sheffield. ESTABLISHED 1830 (68 YEARS.)

Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for their rich and delicious flavour. Sold in small and large bottles by Qrocers in every town.

_ ' . c•N I .. 41 ? , A ,I, PA 51 712 .4 ~. . , . , - 4~4. ..VVI., I, - * „,thq4-4,40"7.1fitf, ;:4r,...;.• ;;.-.,=—,F 2,4,\r,..!

It is astonishing how many people imagine they suffer from I-XMAJEOL` iItISIE IL SlO. They experience a depressing feeling about the region of the heart, accompanied by an occasional stab of pain, nervous debility, loss of appetite, and general depression. The fact is they suffer from INDIGESTION OR DYSPEPSIA. The food, instead of being thoroughly digested, develops into Wind, and presses against the valves of the heart, causing the symptoms named. All who suffer in this way should at once take PAGE WOODCOCK'S WIND PILLS A world-renowned Remedy for all Stomach Disorders. All sufferers from INDIGESTION, LIVER COMPLAINTS, WIND ON THE STOMACH, SICK HEADACHE, NERVOUS DEBILITY, BILIOUSNESS, &c., should avail themselves of this most excellent medicine. All Medicine Vendors, 1/1i and 2/9.

4401N0W0-1 o o-o -o _pi- ofo-o CTO-0-0-43 LAI'S D aro-o )USE 5 II ll ~ ONLY uoik , '44 SELF POINTING , ~ Noll. All Colours. All Grades. Black Lead id. and 2cl. No Waste. Best Leads. Coloured Crayons 2d. and 3d. SOLD EVERYW.HERE. SAMPLE BOX OF 5 PENCILS 1/- FREE BY POST IN THE U.K. BLAISDELL PENCILS LIMITED, 46, HOLBORN VIADUCT, LONDON, IE4.

46.************** :'ll'6''!,;'7' 'Ws * te Buy the , (,‘; ,c,, * * ; eSte * * , Ae. ~Y9l? 'AV d". i iwt -41 We presume that you take ,i .1,, * * an Emulsion of cod-liver oil mA * * because you are not in the best J * .. * of health and want to get well. =, * s* Why not always buy the best * Emulsicia ? There is only one standard, * 17 which is * Scott's Emulsion. * * amillimmilmemir Aimenmollommilmr * * The rest are all judged by the Scott * * standard. But they are not Scott's and never * 4firs will be Scott's. The manipulation of Scott's Ak gEmulsion is the most wonderful thing about -41 i it. It is perfect. * A very simple test is enough. * _tc.* TASTE SCOTT'S AND YOU WILL TAKE NO *_saL qk6 OTHER. qF * SCOTT & BOVINE, LTD., LONDON, B.C. ALL CHEMISTS, 2/6 AND 4/6. * * * *****************

. TRACI kr.) II MARK..:4k."—Milr4-.1.7.4"n•: -. ir t I fe'' 0. ,9 • , • i IA ' i . •• • ' V d 1 i • ~ , ' 1 . i 14 J.% , . al,' ?tot i 0 .• ~ ; -e--- •ri cy:),'?-7...,. .. \\..r.7_,,..,:,:. .:,,-:,,,.. ii, • .............. . .• \\ / 'o'lll.l.'N -:- ‘.--- ~ ~ ...., / I , ~\, ~ ,z,. , . ~-__.,„ .4 g i -,_:,, IF-'l4l :....•-A V 1 -,..,;/_./ :::- l_ ,0,,,1,‘A,c4 BRITAIN'S 111% ,4' Ma ' ' `:- - ' :4,-- vor. ..... :y„i. BEST lig- ~.. ~: ~. BICYCLE. -......4._ , i 1

. . . , . L , 4 e 4,i 0 ftf ..t1,.:',..• '''', ' ',. i ' A ' IF.:l' ~ ..„ . ,4 ti. , —.1,75-4___" .-...:"..... 1. ' .•*• ~. e I. ----2 40 4,.....A . _. • ; r* 4' Wig ----- i ,11 ... LAI" .., • lek, t-1.,..1, - , , ' 1 F-*EEill• ' The handsomest aiM most interesting ever pub- lished. Tells all about the Finest, Oheapest and Best Organs. Write for it and save money. ddrese: J. H. OSBORNE, Room No 9 , 86, Farringdoo St., London, E.g., , or CORNISH £OO.. WASHINGTON, N.J., U.S.A. ' .. ... . ..„-..„,,,......................,.............

-sfrOWTHE,,BLOODI IS THE LIFE" , . of 1-4 woo 441 WORLD-FAMED LBLOOD . , iXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. .6 We have seen hosts of lett..rs from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to sight,and we can with the utmost oonfidenca recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin ,ad Blood Diseases Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. ais the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains. for It removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9. and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 330 r 132 stamps by Pro prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES OUT COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations WATCH AND CHAIN kOR EVERY BUY AND GIRL NO MONEY REQUIRED. /ft ' 141,' 417-P Boys and Girls ' can get a Nickel-Plated N) Watch, also a Chain and Charm, for selling dozen Packages of Blume at fivepence each. / bend your full tddress including name oi County by raurn mail and we will forward the Bluin, post-paid. and a large Premium List. No money requited. • FINEST LAUNDRY BLlfit IN THE WORLD. BLUINE CO., Number 15 Dept., 241. West Gipsy-road, Norwood, London S.E.

-'6=6.-• /11 ~iik' '• .\ 4 \•\--.... v .c.ii ./ i--, - ~.., , . ,1; / , `e a 7,----- --vir -

s ;15! '4,mn 7 L •.• • "00 t 13 POIZOUS Pr.. 121 ,rmia 1134000ach1e rDozablte. Str,,,eradtka. INISTi-nTLY RELIEVES P.

II forget to say that you want " D.C.L.," otherwise your grocer 0 or chemist will naturally think just any sort of Malt Extract gwill suit you, but it WONT. g "0n0.L." may without exaggeration be termed the sheet anchor to Health. It should be taken regularly, and will be 0 found a most powerful help to build up the ramparts of the Ucitadel of life which are battered downby over-work,andbythe 0 thousand and one worries and ills that flesh is heir to. The "D.0.L.." Malt Extract is not a medicine, nor an g alcoholic beverage in disguise, but a FOOD and a DIGESTER. 0 Its palatable taste makes it also a relish which old and gyoung alike appreciate. li COLD !Pi TINS AND BOTTLES EVERYWHERE. Can also be obtained made up in combination with CD LIVER OIL. g Sole Makers—The DISTILLERS GUIPANY, Limited, EDINBURGH. M P7S2SMSBEEMSESESEEESBSESEEEZESMEMEMSESESEEMS2SESES2

ut•E IRISH LINEN, IRISH LINEN IRISAMITBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS k Guaranteed all Pure Flax. ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen IRTSH LINEN Gents' size, 3f6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. LaISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. :AISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 411Ipet dozes; made spec;al to patter 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 8./9 each. 1,1- NAPKINS, 2/6 and )/8 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/8 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LIN LN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure ftax, 4id. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETLNG, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH L ENEN LINEN, yard wide, 7(I. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND 3 EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability; I and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear. IRISH LINEN I PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20./. CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. 7-7 UPTON 466 CO., LARNE, IRELAND.

k • "ISA. , 3 4 ' k, • za Ls, • • y , - ' * • PILLS ,zINTREENT Will Cure SR 0 21CHITIS, ASTHMA, ‘.4.FLUENZ A, 0 OTIGH S, COLDS, SOBS 411kTHROATS, WEEEZIN re, TIGHTNESS AT TFiE CHEST, ao. The Oint,43M, is a .;tire Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISEt, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS,- Bce. Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET. L0N000241.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CNEST, W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as C • COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles witit crystal °toppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, ~. too pcl by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Ob'server. ,:r4ll ...,,1 'lf' C KLE'S FREE FROM MERC pTO yit v e. ,-:,,,,,„ , ~., T A • A LA lOUS OF ,a,ETABLE iNCIREDIENTS. ilk I L Ls II For BILE, LIVER. ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c. • 1

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. of E HAREN PILLS FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS, SUCH AS Sick Headache, Constipation, Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid., and 28. 9d. each, with full directions. bold everywhere.

-411M1 ALLcocrs POROUS PLASTERS STRENGTHEN.,„. WEAK BACKS, WIRES .04. LUMBAGO, RHEUMATISM. f. ALLCOCK'S are the only genuine, safe, and reliable Porous Plaster made, so insist on having ALLCOCK'S. Take no other.

IsIATAL M I D‘i A C

These tiny Capsules relieve' Kidney aud Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, and cure In forty-eight hours the same diseases v.,t b out inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name • Mldy,.' Sold by all Chemists, or post free 3/6, from WILCOX & CO.. 83,11ortImer St.,Loirdon,W.

..t 1 FOR ACHES AND PAINS. 1 g 4 Rub In ri p ry,l7 0 1 !-:•t:-'3',' ii rri7nan s ..,. 41 For Rheumatic Pains, Lumb,g-o, Sprains, Bruises, ;-: Fresh Cuts, A 9 Sore Throat from Cold, ;1 C;ltnlt Colds, k ° Neurr.lzia from Cold, Stiffness from Severe Exercise ::1751.1i3718,11's i....:;111-illian.'S "The only Genuine RUB ON -4 E-iiina an, s in the Market." trOliV 1 i ny,res J. D. CAIN, Captaii and Trainer, ILA ...+-1- 1 - dI Man9s Brooklyn Athletic Club • Ellim an's U.S.A., July Ist, 1897. . El limAri's FOR ACHES AND PAINS Rub In h .1 i . man 9 s Bottles, Sid., 01, 2/9) 4/- jars—n/- and 22/- Prepared Only by— ELLIMAN, SONS & CO., Slough, Eng.

BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAINS A NEW DEPARTURE! GOODS DIRECT FROM THE FACTORY TO THE PURCHASER, AT THE NEW DRAPERY WARETIOUSE, 401 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. RETAIL QUANTITIES CAN BE HAD AT WHOLESALE PRICES. A LARGE STOCK OF BOYS AND MEN'S SHIRTS AND SHIRTINGS, GRANDRILLS, ALSO SKIRTS AND SKIRTINGS, FLANNELETTES. A LARGE VARIETY OF APRONS. LADIES' UNDERCLOTHING, AC., ac, NOTE PRICES. BOYS' SHIRTS (Cotton or Flannelette,) from 3d. MEN'S SHIRTS „ Otd. BOY'S UNION SHIRTS „ 10d. MEN'S UNION SHIRTS ... „ 2s. WOMEN'S APRONS ••• „ SHIRTING TO BE GIVEN AWAY! To every purchaser of one of our C,lebrated Oxford Shirts, which we are selling at the marvellously low prices of Is. 10d. and 25., will be given, entirely free of cost, yard of the same material. THE LARGEST AND CHEAPEST STOCE EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT. Compare our prices with so called " Sale" or " Bankrupt Stock "prices and judge for yourselves. DON'T FAIL TO SECURES SOME OF THE GREAT BARGAINS OFFERED AT CORNS' NEW DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 40, L'UTTERUARKET STREET, WARRINGTON

17T XI. WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES Fitted up on the Latest and Most Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 181 PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

WE UNDERTAKE TO SUPPLY PIIOTOGRAP WC APPARATUS and all Requisites as cheaply as any house, either London or Provincial. We are showing, on Stall No. 47, in the limited space at oar disposal, a tow of the LATEST NOVELTIES. We keep a full line of all the Amateur requires at our Store, 62, BUrfERMARKET-STREET, to which we would respectfully draw attention. LOOK AT OUR GUINEA OUTFIT. HILL AND Cs., CHEMISTS AND PHOTOGRAPHIC DNALERS, 62, BUTT ER MARK ET-STR EET, WARRINGTON, N W LEMONADE. r ram 2 GALLONS FOR 4in. Idany people suffer from extreme thirst during the hot weather. Messrs. Foster Clark and Co. have supplied the want that has so long been felt by making It concentrated lemonade, which Ii far more economical than the ordinary lemonade. It is made from tho finest lemons, and the great advantage is that it is partly manu- factured in Italy, in the midst ot the lemon orchards. The lemons are taken direot from the trees to the factory to commence their transfor- mation into the Eiffel Tower Lemonade. You can get thirty-two tumblers (or two gallons) for fourpence halfpenny. If you caunot get it from your grocer, send sixpence to G. FO .-,TER CLARK AND Co. NO. 594 EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY, MAIDSTONE. Sole manufacturers of " &MIL Towun LEM ONA.DEC -Another Cure of Disease of the Lungs orTen -Years' Sta—i-11-* ing by D. Loco' s PULMONIC WAFEO3.—Ijr. D. Verrent, Coast Guard, Mouutcharles, Donegal, Writes : "They are all they are represented to be. I hive a child who was affected In the lungs ((or ten years), and they ars tho only thing that. have done him any good." In Asthma, Consumption, Bron- chitis, Cciughs, Colds. Rheumatism, and all Hysterical and Nervous Complaints, instant railer and a rapid cure is given by the Wafers which taste pleasantly. Sold by all druggists at is lid and is 9d per box. (5)

JOHN WALKER & CO., "EXAMINER' OFFICE BEWSEYSTREET, WARRINGTON. GENERALPRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch. PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOJI TIE 3 PRINTING FOR dUILDING SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR UCKEI CLUBS, PROGRAES, BOOKS OF WORDS WINDOW BILLS & PLACARDS PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTANG FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANK ' PRINTING FOR A TIONEER., NON G FOR CHURCHES, P NTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, 1 pROGRAMMES, JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER" OFFICE,

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments nnnecescary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Hach patient informed beforehand the cost tot work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An:M.D., also Lady Attendants, ' TEETH. Painless Extr7ciga as. lgtlirto by the aid TEETH. !deicer to Dentists of 10,000jgallotis weekly. fixors.lof the late J. H. P AREINSON (Tharrurr BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, OtIURCH-STREET, • - ST. HELENS, GM REE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mts. Maze WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANicnit-sT RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. NORTHWICH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPIItMAILKET-8 I

DEA.TES. Aool7llT—April Ist, at Dudley-street, 'Warrington, George Theodore Acourt, aged 60 years. COLLINS—ApriI 2nd, at Thelwall-lane, Latchford, Annie Collins, aged 16 months. Ilsoinaunar —April 3rd, at Church-street, Warrington. Thomas Broadhurst, aged 51 years. LYONS—April 2nd, at Foundry-street, Warrington, Catherine Lyons. aged 64 years.

MAWS' (+KBES, WAREINbrwor. (Opposite Arpley Station), S. T WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monumente,Tombe. Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLUAAING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
