===== 0002601_18981125_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
r r, • • • • • • • A

! I

===== 0002601_18981125_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tri!,.ftes Ingtort.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ted)

- - JOHN FOSTER, Clerk. November, 1898.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
MATS MATS.—For GARDENERS and FURNITURE REMOVERS.—G. ToNEs,9, Blackfriars-otreet, Han- chaster.

II HRDLES.—Wood Hurdles, Gates, ate —G. M. JONER, 9, Blackfrlars-street (late Victoria Bridge).

----- MO SKIP and BASKET MAKEKS.—On Sale,Cane.Willows L Hazels, etc.—a. AL JONES, 9, Blackfriars-street, Man- chester.

WINES and SPIRITS ; finest qualjty.—Send for price list to G. M. JONES, 9, Mlackfriars-street, Manchester.

YEAST I YEAST I 1--Eagle," • lialfnioon," • Kangaroo" Brands.--(1. M. JONES, 9, Blackfriara- street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Varliametttarp Pottrt.

In Parliament.—Session 1899. Warrington Corporation. (Construction of Waterworks ; Compulsory Purchase of Lands; Interference with Streams and other Property; Power to Supply Water and Levy Rates, Rents, and Charges; Prevention of Waste and coutaminatien ; Regulations; Agreements with Local Authorities; Street Widenings and Improvements; Provisions as to New Streets and New Buildings, Dangerous Structures, and Obstructions ; Sanitary Provisions, and Provisions as to Infectious Disease ; Common Lodging Houses ; Gas; Street Advertisements ; Recreation Grounds ; Hack- ney Carriages ; Shows ; Betting ; Police Provisions ; Powers of Vestry, and Collection or Rates;Thrift Fund; Power to Borrow Money and Equate Loans ; Swim- ming Baths ; Incorporation and Amendment ot Act, Rec.) NOTICE is hereby given, that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses et the Borough of Warrington in the County Palatine of Lancaster (in this Notice referred to as " the Corporation ') intend to apply to Parliament in the next Session for leave to bring in a Bill for the following, or some of the follow- ing, purposes : To empower the Corporation to make and maintain the following waterworks and other works, or some of them, or some part or parts thereof, namely: No. 1. A well or wells, shafts, tuenels, borehole's, and a pumping station situate in the parishes of Hough- ton-Middleton, and Arbury and Southworth with- Croft alt in the County Palatine cf Lancaster ; the pumping station to be located wholly in once:mire numbered 127 on the 1-2500 Ordnance map of the said parish of Houghton-Middleton and Arbury, dated 1893. No. 2. A line or lines of pipes or conduit commencing in the parish of Houghton-Middleton and Arbury at the above described pumping station and terminat- ing in the Parish of Winwick-with-Hulene in the County Palatine of Lancaster in the intended ser- vice reservoir hereinateer described as work No. 4. No. 3. A pumping station situate wholly in the parish of Winwick-with-Hulme in enclosure numbered 189 in the said parish on the 1-2500 Ordnance map dated 1893, immediately adjoining the exietieg service re- servoir belonging to the Corporation. No. 4. A reservoir to be formed partly by exca.aition and partly by embankment as circumstances may require and to be constructed on the northerly side of the above-mentioned existing service reservoir in enclosures numbered 184 and 187 in the said parish of eVinwick-with-Efulme on the said 1-2500 Ord- nance map. No. 5. A line or lines of pipes or conduit commencing at the pumping station herainbefore described as Work No. 3 in the parish of Winwick-with-fleilme passing along public roads through the parish of Warriegton in the County Palatine of Lancaster and terminating in the parish of App.etoo-with-flull in the County of Chester in enclosure numbered 415 on the 1-2500 Ordnance map of the said parish dated 1898 at the reservoir hereinafter described as ' Work No. 6. No. 6. A reservoir to be formed partly by excavation and partly by embankmeat as circumstances may require to be situate wholly in the enclosure num- bered 415 in the said parish of Appleton-with-Hull on the 1-2500 Ordnance map of the said parish dated 1898. No. 7. A line or lines of pipes or conduit commencing in the par:sh. of Appleton-with-Hull at the reservoir herein described as Work No. 6 passing along the public road into the parish of Stratton in the County of Chester and terminating in the said parish at the junction of the public road from Appleton-with-Hull to Stretton with that from Stretton to Lower Whitley. No. 8. Dart sbury Reservoir—a reservoir to be situate in the parishes of Acton Grange, Walton Superior, Hatton and Daresbury all in the County of Chester, to be formed by an embankment situate wholly in the fine two mentioned parishes commenc- ing in the parish of Acton Grange at a point 28 yards or thereabouts west of the eastern boundary of enclosure number 108 on the 1-25 00 Ordnance map dated as reprinted 1892 and 120 yards or there- abouts from the north eastern corner of the said enclosure thence proceeding in a north easterly di- rection for a distance of 170 yards turning east- wards and at a distance of 110 yards crossing the stream known as Daresbury brook which forms the boundary between the parishes of Acton Grange , and Walton Superior at a point in the same 140 yards or thereabouts measured in a southerly direc- tion from the intersection of the said stream aud the northern bo indary of enclosure numbered 138 on the said 1-2500 Ordnance Maps thence continuing in the same line to a point 43 yards or thereabouts west of the western boundary of the public road from Walton to Hatton and 85 yards or thereabouts measured in a north westerly direction from the south-west corner of enclosure numbered 86 on the said Ordnance map thence extending southwards for a distance of 387 yards or thereabouts and ter- minating at the north west corner of field num- bered 2 in the parish of Hatton on tke said 1-2500 Ordnance map. No. 9. A line or lines of pipes or conduit commencing in the above described intended Deresbury reservoir passing through the parish of Walton Superior and terminating in the said parish of Appleton-with-Hull at or near the existing filter beds belonging to the Corporation. No. 10. A tank or reservoir to be formed partly by ex- cavation and partly by embankment as circum- stances may require situate in the said parish of Appleton-with-Hull immediately to the north of the existing filter beds and lodge belonging to the Cot- poration in enclosure numbered 244 in the said parish of Appleton-with-Hull on the 1-2500 Ordnance map reprinted in 1892. No. 11. Dennow Reservoir—l storage reservoir to be situate wholly in the slid parish of Appleton-with- Hull to be formed by an embankment crossing a stream known as Dennow Brook at a point 180 yards or thereabouts measured in a south-easterly direction from the south east corner of enclosure numbered 262 in the said parish of Appleton-with-Hull on the 1-2500 Ordnance map reprinted 1892 and extending north-east of the said crossing 93 yards or there- abouts and south west from the same po nt 76 yards or thereabouts. No. 12. A line or lines of pipes or conduit situate wholly in the said parish of Appleton-with-Hull com- mencing in the above-mentioned lot nded Dennow reservoir and terminating in the existing Appleton reservoir belonging to the Corporation. Together with all proper embankmente,bridges, roads, ways, wells, tanks, basins, gauges, filters and filter-beds dams, sluices, bye-washes, waste-weirs, outfalls, dis- charge pipes, shafts, edits, tunnels, aqueducts, culverts, cuts, catchwatera, channels, cooduits, mains, pipes, stand-pipes, junctions, valves, drains, telegraphs, telep- hones, engines, apparatus, roadway approaches, build- ings, houses, works, and conveniences connected with the hereinneformdmicribed works or any of tnein or inc dental thereto, or necessary far conducting, inspecting, cleansing, repairing, or manaeing the same,and together with full power and right at all times of approach and access to the works aforesaid, or any of them. To authorise the Corporation to deviate laterally from the lines of the intended works as shown upon the plane thereof, to be deposited as hereinafter-mentioned, to such extent as may be indicated on those plans, and to deviate vertically from the levels ef those works as shown upon the deposited sections therrof, to be deposi- ted as hereinafter-mentioned, to such extent as the Bill may prescribe. To empower the Corporation to purchase and take or acquire by compulsion or agreement, or to take on lease and to hold within the parishes aforosaid,lands, streams springs, waters, houses, and hereditamenrs, and rights and easements in, over, or connected with lenesotreams springs, waters, houses, and hereditamonts tor the pur- pose of constructing the said intended works or for other purposes of the BM, or of their waterworks under- taking, and to empower the Cor;;oration to purchase CO much only of any property as they tray require for the purposes of the Bill without being subject to the liability imposed by Section 92 of the Lands Clauses Consolida- tion Act, 1845. To enabla the Corporation to take, intercept, collect, impound, use, divert, and appropriate for the purposes of the waterworks, and other purposes of the Bill, the water from or to be mot with within the limits of devia- tion defined upon the plans hereinafter mentioned, or which can or may be intercepted or abstracted by means of the waterworks hereinbefore describ 4d, or any of them, and particularly the Daresbury Brook the Hatton Brook the Dennow Brook and the Appleton Brook all of which flow directly or indirectly into the existing reservoirs of-the Corporation or some of them. To authorise the Corporation to hold any lands which they may require under the powers.of the intended Act free from the provisions of the Lands Clauses Con- solidation Act, 1845, with respect to eueerflueue lands, and, if thought fit, to acquire by compulsion or agree- ment, any mines or minerals under any such lands not- withstanding the provisions of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to mines. To empower the Corportion, so far as may be neceF- vary for executing the purposes of the intended Act, to lay down, maintain, and renew or remove mains, pipes, conduits and other works and apparatus for the supply of water along, through, over and across, and to break

open, cross, alter, raise, lower, stop up, divert or inter- fere with (temp 'rarity or permanently) highways, public and private streets and roads, •bridges, railways, tramroads, tramways, canals, towing-paths, sewers, drains, culverts, rivers, straarns,watercourses, footpaths, ways, passages and other places, and to alter the posi- tion of, remove and interfere with (temporarily or per- manently) gas and water mains, pipes and works, tele- graphic, telephonic and electric pipes, lines, wires,posts, and apparatus, and any other works laid or placed in, under, along, or over any such highways, streets,mads, bridges.footpatts, ways, passages and places. To discontinue as public highways and to vest in the Corporation the site and soil ot the portions of all public or other roads and footpaths shown upon the said plans as intended to be diverted or stopped up under the powers of the intended Act, an 1 to extinguish all rights of way and other rights in or over any lands which shall be taken under the powers of the intended Act, and to provide for the maintenance and repair of the new or diverted portions of road by and at the expense of the road authorities or other persons respectively, who are for the time being legally liable for the repair and main- tenance of the p)rtions of road so diverte I, or as may be prescribed by toe intended Act.

To make such provisions as may have been or may be, agreed upon, or es may be thought proper by PArliament to be proscrib.d or authoris,d by the intended Act, for the protection and benefit of the landowners, mine- owners, owners of mills and other works, and other bodies and persons whose property, rights,and interests will or may be affected by the intended works, and of their property, rights, and interests, and to authorise, confirm, or give effect to any agreements or arrange- ments which may be entered into between the Corpora- tion and such land, mine, mill-owner or owners, bodies or persons, or some or any of them.

To mike provision with reference to the quantity or amount of compensation (if any) by water or o herwise to be given by the Corporatim in relpect of the pro- poged tskin, impounding, and diverting of such water and (in case of compensation by water) with reference to the time and mincer' of the delivery thereof, and the mode of measuring or ascertaining the qnauty to be delivered.

To make provision for the prevention of waste, mis- use, undue consumption, or contamination of the water of or to be used by the Corporation for the purposes of their supply, and with rPspect to the fittings to be used for the purposes of supply and user of the said water, and for pro;ecting, repairing, and removing the said fittings, and for defining and preventing frauds on the Corporation in relation to s ich supply and user ; and to empower the Corporation from time to time to make and enforce, by penalties and otherwise, bye-laws, rules and regulations for and in relation to the several matters aforesaid, with all requisite powers of entry on the pre- mises so supplied or to be supplied, to authorise the plumbing and other work, and to to make special provision for pro- Corporation to supply pipes, fittings, and other apaara- solks, property, and water supply of chargetteucs t, andßg fthe to t execute waterworks, tcseuartmwe the Corporation, and for preventing the pollution of the streams and gathering grounds and sources of water supply of the Corporation, and to confer on this Cor- poration all neceEs try powers in that behalf, -

To make such pravision (if any) as the Bill may pro- scribe, or as Parliament may authorise or require, with reference t 3 the supply of water by the Corcoration by means of their intended works or any of them t) o'her local, sanitary, and other autlnrities and bodies, whether within or without the Corperatim's limits of supply, whose districts are situate in the neighbourhcoi of the said intendcd w)rks or any of them, and the terms, conditions, limitationi, rights, and reservations ucclor which any such supply is to be afforded by the Corporation.

To fix the limits within which the Corporation are authorised to supply water, and to confer upon the Corporation all necessary powers to supply water for all domestic, rr tde, and other purposes, public and private, and to authorise the Corporation to levy, demand. and take rates, rents, and charges and to exercise subject to the provisions of the Bill all or some of the powers of the Corporation under the Bill in relation to the supply of water.

To authorise the Corporation on the one hand, and any local or sanitary autharity, county district or parish council, corporatirm, company, trustees, Indies, persons or person (corporate or not corporate) on the other hand to enter into and carry into effect, and to vary or res- cind contracts and agreements for the sale or supply by the Corporation from their intended works of water in bulk, by measure or otherwisa, to any such authority, corporation, trustees, bodies, person or pore one for use either within or beyond the limits for the supply of water by the Corporation, on such terms and conditions as may be agreed between them or the Bill may prescribe. To make special provision with reference to the com- pulsory acquisition of lands and property by the Cor- poration, for all or any of the purposes of the intended Act, arid the mode, and terms, and costs of settlement of compensation for the same, and also with respect to lands and property which may be, or may be alleged to be injuriously affected by the exercise of the powers of the intended Act, and to enable the Corporation to divertand stop up footpath.; and roads, and to confer further powers on the Corporation for the appropriation disposal, and sale of any lands vested in them. To empower the Corporation to purchase land by agreement for and to erect thereon new Police Courts and Buildings and Out-Police Stations and to fit up and equip the same; also to purchase land in the Borough frr and lay out the same as a public park and to pur- chase certain lands adjoining the Hospital for Infectious Diseases and layout the same as opea space or other- wise.

To authorise the Corporation to purchase certain lands in the Borough by agre'mient as a site for a tech- nical institute and other buildings and to erect thereon an institute for technical instruction and secondary nits. cation and cthir buildings as the Corporation may think desirable.

To empower the Corporation to widen and improve the West side of Bridge Strecit from ftvlands Street to Market Gate and the South side of Sank' r Stre3t from Market Gate to Bogy Trinity Cgmrch within the limits of deviation defined upon the plans hereinafter men- tioned.

_ To empower the Corporation to acquir. lands, housles and other proper....y in connection with the Hospitals be- loogine, to the Co7poration or any of them, and also for the e]rension of the Sanitary depot at Lmgford, in the township of Winwick-with-Hulme.

To provide for the dedication to the public as part of the footway or highway cf Wildorspool Causeway within the Borough so much of the Graveyard of and adjoining St. James' Church as lies to the North of an imaginary line drawn at a distance of 60 feet from the North side of the said Causeway. To provide for the dedication to the public as part of the footway or highway of St. James' Street within the Borough, so much of Sc. James's Old Burial Ground as lies to the West of an imaginary line drawn at a distance of 60 feet from the West side of St. James Street and for vesting the remaining portion of the said Burial Ground in the Corporati:m for the use of the public, as an open space. To make better provision with regard to streets and buildings within the borough, and particularly in the tollowing respects, liamelv :—Limitation of time during. which the Corporation's approval of plans of streets and bull Hogs shall operate; the preparation of plans on tracing cloth; the retention of plans and other docu- ments deposited with the Corporation; power to provide for intersecting etreete, and that continuations of streets may be deemed new streets, and that no build- ings are to be allowed until street is formed ; also power to vary the position or direction of nen, streets, and to declare where new streets begin or end ; power to pro- vide crossings for horses or vehicles over footways ; waste land to be fenced, an gardens and fore-courts to be fenced off from the streets; elevation of buildings on front land to be subject to approval of Corporation ; provisions as to height of buildings and chimneys ; the , raising of buildings; the erection of buildings to greater I height than adjoining buildings ; yards to be paved,and , entrances to courts not to be closed ; also as to what are , Ito be deemed new buildirugs,with exemption of Govern- ' meet property from buildinc. regulations also as to tem- porary and moveable boil !Ingo, and bye-laws as to building materials. To extend the provisions of Section 75 of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, anl make provision as to trees or shrubs overhang iag streets, and make regula- tisins as to sky signs, and prevent and remove projec- tionS over streets, To empower the Corporation to appoint two or more Inspectors of Nuisances, cud to make better provision with regard to the sanitary condtion of the borough, and particularly to order that houses may be drained by a combined drain, and to provide for separate sewers, and prevent wilful damage to drains, and inspection ef drains, and cleansing of cisterns ; to make provisions as to houses without a proper watrr supply, to require the removal or alteration of urinals, and the provision of public conveniences and lavatories, and that urinals should be attached to refreshment houses. To make further provision with reference to infectious disease, and especially with regard to persons washing or mangling clothes, and cow-keepers and others ; to authorise the Corporation to charge' for removal of

trade refuse, and to order the purification of articles of bed and body clothing - to provide that no wake shall be held over the body of a person dying of an infectious disease, that dairymen shall notify all cases of infectious disease occurring amongst their servants, and all cases of tuberculosis amongst their cows, and to prohibit any infected person carrying on business; to make provision , for compensating dairymen and nurses; to provide that, in ceetain cases, the principal of a school may be re- quired to furnish a list of pupils ; ta protect against infection spreading by means of books in public libraries; to empower the Corporation to provide nurses, and charge for services, and to make bye-laws for regulation of infectious hospitals. To make further previsions with respect to common lodging houses, and to require that sanitary conveni- ences be provided for inmates, and provision made as to night sheliers for the poor: To empower the Corporation to make bye-laws as to gas pipes and fittings. To make provision as to hoardings and other struc- tures used for advertising purposes. To enlarge the powers of the Corporation with respect to recreation grounds' and particularly to enable the Corporation to erect buildings therein, and to enclose lakes for skating and other purposes, and to charge for admission ; to let pavilions and other buildings for entertainments, and to set apart lands for games, and to provide apparatus for games ; to empower the Corpora- tion to pay or contribute towards public bands, and to appoint officers for securing observance of regulations and bye-laws, and to provide for the application of moneys received in connection with the recreation grounds: To make further provision with regard to the regu- lation and control of hackney carriages and omnibuses, and the drivers and conductors thereof respectively, to enable the Corporation to make bye-laws prescribing routes, publication of times of running, and preventing annoyance ; to appoint inspectors of hackney carriages. To prohibit the exhibition of indecent shows, and to prevent betting in any street or public place. , To provide that notice shall be given to the Corpora- tion of any intended procession. , To provide for the retirement or removal and the consequent compensation of Assistant Overseers and Poor Rate Collectors, and the making and confirming of Agreements relating thereto and to empower the Local Government Board to prescribe the form of demand note for ratesi n the Borough. To make special provisions for the establishment of a superannuation and provident fund tor persons in the employ of the Corporation,and to enable the Corporation to prepare and carry into effect a scheme for this pur- pose and:to provide what contributions are to be made by pur- pose, entitled to benefit under the scheme,and as to forfeiture of rights ; to empower the Corporation to con- tribute to the fund out of rates and to contract with an Assurance Company in respect thereto, and to make provision for the alteration of such scheme from time to time. _

To empower the Corporation to raise money for the construe ion of new waterworks and alteration ot exist- ing waterworks ; for the purchase of land for and the erection of new police-courts, and fitting up of same ; for the purchase of land and the erection of out-police stations ; for the purchase of land for and the laying out of Viatoria-park ; for the purchase of land for and for the extension of the infectious hospital and the erection of a smallpox hospital; for the erection of a river wharf; for the purchase of laud and erection thereon of a tech- nical institute ; for the widening of Slutcher's-lane, and for the other purposes of the Bill. To empower the Corporation to charge the moneys borrowed for the purposes of the Bill by mortgage or other means on the Borough Fund an Borough Rate, and on the Improvement Fund and Improvement Rate, and upon the property and revenue of their Waterworks Undertaking, and the rates and revenues to arise under the Bill or other properties, funds, rates, and revenues of or under the control of the Corporation or on any of the properties, funds, rates, and revenues aforesaid as they may determine. To empower the Corporation to consolidate the loans and sinking funds obtained and moneys borrowed by the Corporation for waterworks, gasworks, sewerage and other purposes, or some of them, including any money to be borrowed under the provisions of the intended Act and to prolong or alter the periods prescribed for the payment of such le ins or moneys and to prescribe a uni- form or different periods for the discharge of such loans, and to make other provisions in regard to the sinking funds of the Corperation and the application and invest- ment thereof.

To make further and better provision in regartdtoptohoer making, levying, and recovery of rates, and the assess- ment of property within the borough ; to provide that the Corporation may collect all rates (including he rate) within the borough, and the manner in which this shall be done. To empower the Corporation to invest their Sinking Funds in the rates or other securities of any Corpora- tion or Urban District Council and to include in all mortgages granted by the Corporation as further securi- ties for monies borrowed by them the corporate estate and all properties and the rents and profits thereof. To emble the Corporation to insert in the Rate Books all new buildings erected during the currency of any rate ; to limit the period during which composition on rates payable in respect of cot' ages shall be allowed. To authorise commutation of certain burial and sex- ton's fees by the Cerporcioa and to provide for the per- formance of the duties of sexton. To empower the Corporation to establish a fund and to adopt a scheme for the redemption of all perpetual annuities payable by thorn and to issue debenture or other bonds for the redemption of such annuities within a period to be fixed by such scheme. To empower the Corporation to erase the public swim- ming baths at any time, and charge for admission thereto, and to provide for the forfeiture of articles left in the market, and sell same, and to take possession of stalls for non-payment ef rant. To enable the Corporation to make by claws with refer- ence to cemeteries, and other matters and to enforce same and to impose penalties for any breach thereof and to provide for the recovery of such penalties. To provide that undertakings given by owners of property to the Corporation are to be binding on them, and all persons claiming through them, and to enable any police constable to enter and break open premises in case of fire. To confirm or otherwise give effect to any agreements which may be made bofore the passing of the Bill touch- log any of the matters mentioned or contained in this Notice. To incorporate with the Bill, or make applicable thereto, with such alterations, modifications, or excep- tions as may be deemed necessary or expedient, all or seme of the provisions of the Lands Ciauees Acts, the Vt'aterrrorks Clauses Acts, 1847 and 1863 ; and the provisions of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect te the temporary occupation of lands durirg the construction of the intended works, the Local Loans Act, 1875 ; and the Public Health Acts, and of any Acts amending or extending the same Acts respectively ; and, if thought fit, to exempt the Corporation from the provisions of Section 35 of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, To alter, amend, extend, incorporate or repeal the provisions of the local Acts, and any other Acts or Orders relating to the borough so far as may be necessary for effecting any of the purposes of the Bill, to vary or ex- tnguhh all rights and privileges inconsistent with, or which would er might in any way interfere with the ob- jects of the Bill, and to confer other rights mid priyi- legse. And no`ics is herebe else given, that on or before the 30th day of November instant, plans and sec'ions of the works intended to be authorised by the Bill, showing the lines and levels thereof, and also showing the lands in- tended to be taken compul,ory under the powers of the Bill, for Waterworks and other purposes together with a hook of reference te such plans, and a copy of this Notice as published in the London Gazette, will be deposited for public inspection with the Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, at his office at Preston, with the Clerk of the Peacefor the County of Chester, at his office at Chester, and with the Town Clerk a Ins rnenlha toe sf of Warrington,as Warrington,and that on or before the oaf re eo Pe; eonf cse a to each parish in or through which the intended works t3bo et hs adi da yp loafr os eveetmi oh:gr, andins tba onotk, or any of them will he made or pass, or in which any lands, houees, or other property intended to be taken are situate, together with a copy of this Notice will be depositd as regards any rural parish for which a Parish Caeuncil has been elected, with the Clerk of the e Councit, uis office or residence, as the case may be or (if there te no clerk)with the Chairman of such Council, at his residence and as regards any rural parish for which no Parish Council has been elected, with the Clerk of the Council of the rural district in which such parish is comprised at his residence. Printed copies of the Bill will be deposited at the pri- vate Bill Office of the Flouse of Commons on or before the 21st day of December nest. Dated this 15th day of November, 1898.

LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk, Warrington, Solicitor for the Bill. BAKER, LEES AND CO., 54, Parliament-street, S.W., Parliamentary Agents.

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED.

MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

NOVELTIES FOR EVENINCI- WEAR

===== 0002601_18981125_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Varliamtntarp gotgr.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
paritaintutarp gotire.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
SILK DEPARTMENT.

Fancy CHECK GAUZES, for evening wear, 80 per yard. PONGEE SILK,; in every shade, for blouses, Sce„ 62,1 per yard. SATINS, for Evening Wear, in Cream White, and all Colours. Is 00 per yard. BLACK MERVEILLEUX SILK, for blouses, Is 60 per yard.

SPECIAL SHOW OF EVENING GLOVES, LACES. NETS. WRAPS, and HOSIERY,

NEW DESIGNS IN EVENING BLOUSES.

EXHIBITION OF CHRISTMAS CARDS, TOYS, DOLLS, GAMES, &c.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR WINTER SALE COMMENCES ON

SAIURDAY. DECEMBER 3RD.

FUNERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY.

REFRESHMENTS FREE TO PURCHASERS.

During the Winter months we close at 7.30 (Saturdays excepted), Wednesdays at one o'clock ag usual.

CROSBY AND W ALKER, LIMITED,

82, 84, 86, AND 88, OLDHAM-STREET,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but may be i arranged. TEETH All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost for work required. TEETH. (1.014 and oilier fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly.

Riots. of the late-

J. IT. PARKINSON (DENTIsT BY EXAM.) MANCHESTER 45, 310SLEY-STREET (Telephone 1660),

LIVERPOOL 5, BOLD-STREET, (TeTephone 2155)

ST. HELENS MONDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. SATURDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

E iRLESTOWN BRIDGE-STREE r TUES DAY, 2 p.m.

WARRINGTON SANK EY-STREET.

WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

..... .._.........31. BRIDGE-STREET.

THURSDAY, 2 to 5.

APPLESIAIiIi ET-STREET. FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 2.

JAMES DALEY.

ESTATE AND CO NIAIISSION AGENT,

RENT AND DEBTS COLLECTED. PROPERTY BOJGHT AND SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY. __ ADDRESS -

_ 9, ST. AU6'N'-LANE, WARRINGTON.

EDDE_S DANDELION COFFES

The best and cheapest ever olered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Sd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18981125_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTIBLISHED 1833

"A WONDERFUI2 WATCH." - A thoroughly reliable &B HA NO-MAOR SI wan ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, csp ped,jesvelled and fitt9d with TRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. ME kVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adrpted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOE FIF .CY SHILLINGS." This wat °his timed:m a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Gus: flee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent rost-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

50s

J. H. WARIITG & SONS' FIRST ANNUAL SALE

===== 0002601_18981125_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
OF HIGH-CLASS NEW AND SECONDHAND

F lIRNITURE,

Affording Buyers a rare opportunity for seenring Goods at LESS THAN COST.

16-18, HARDMAN-STREET, Below the Philharmonic-hall, LIVERPOOL.

All Goods purchased during Sale stored tree.

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WI:, DOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Fr,.m.-5 when broken cords have 0 be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint Is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS T. COOKE, YORK.

WARRINGTON RXIIIBITION, 1E93. HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA.

WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON.

FRESH MILK TWICE DAILY,

KIM MILK ritom 11 a.m.

FRESH BUTTER. MADE ON TILE PREMISES rizoll CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGOS SUPPLIED DAILY. "DOE',

WILLIAM LIN Miniature Manuheturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD and BALLS, BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOARDS. HILLIARD Playing Cards, ACCBSSORIBS. Dominoes, Chess, Draughts, Tables Recovered Quoits, and Repaired. Puff and Darts, Skittles, &c.

BOWLING BEEN BOWLS, and RU kinds of GAMES FOR PARLOUR. CLUBS, ar. PUBLICS.

Estimates given.

38, S

rDEBILL,

CHESTER.

iHED NEARLY Ft

===== 0002601_18981125_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLIS:

IFTY

YEARS.

ALL MARRIED PEOPLE OF BOTH SEXES SHOULD KNOW HOW TO RAIN HAPPY, PROSPEROUS

AND FREE FROM CARES. INVALUABLE INFO, Al.l-LIGN SIM FREE on Receipt of Stamped Envelope. RECOMMENDED BY A PRtt.AINIINT PROFESSOR. • -

===== 0002601_18981125_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITE AT ONCE TO

J. WILLS, & CO., 51, SCHOOL-LANE. LIVERPOOL.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO WORKINGMEN. FROM 2s. EACH. 3,000 OVERCOATS. Most be cleated at once, WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. HUGHES /.3EGTIIERS. Pawnbrokers, Jewellers, Cl tbiers, and Tool Factors, 116 to 120, BILOWNLOW RILL, myeat.PooL. Telephone 5,171.

fOBACCo, Cl IIJIGAR S,

Ar VIOARETTES, ONUFFS EXORS. OF WM. HAUGRAVES, 44, SWAN-Sig-MIT, MANO4BSTIsR. °tablished 45 Years. _

6PhCIAL uFIIt FOK .-31:101112 A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE

SELECTION OF BOORS is now being offered by T " . t.,LARKE, EXAMINICH" OFFICE, EARLESTowN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON. LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent or 4s. in the Pound.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
G-

===== 0002601_18981125_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 : .

===== 0002601_18981125_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
4.;:,

I

I

t

, 4

I

===== 0002601_18981125_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " CHAT.

By the cleath of Sir George Baden-Powell Lanca- shire loses yet another of her public men, and the House of Commons is deprived of a conspicuous and pcpuler individuality. In recent years the member tor Rirkdale was perhaps better known as a member of tee social coteries of Westminster than as a strenuous partisan or Parliamentary oral or. He rarely hitervened in debate. When he did speak it was usually on 861110 question affecting the inter- ests of the culonies—a subject on which Sir George, by reason of his world-wide experience as a traveiler,was peculiarly qualified to hold the atten- tion of Parliement. As a speaker, he affected a florid, somewhat cld-fashioned expression of his uncompromising Imperialism. The leaders of his party showed their sense of Sir G. Baden-Powell's abilities by entrusting him from time to time With commissions of high iefluence, but although he was certainly a favourite in the hiehest circles, he was never privileged Co hold .Ilice. In Society he was etremely popular. He entertained liberally and with good taste. It was a great triumph for Sir George when htet year he tucceeded in securing as his guest the " lion if the season " in Dr. Nausea. A movement is afo.At to erect statues to Chaucer and Milton. There appears to be no adequate me- morial of the poets, and the year 1900 marks the 500th anniver,ery of t hancer's death. It is sug- gested that the statues might he placed in that portion of the S•rand which will be widened by the removal of the Ilolywell buildings. The Rev. Dr. Horton has been interviewed in reference to his very remarkable declaration at the meeting of ti e Nonconformist Political Council that, with se.arcely the exception of a single news- paper, the daily and weekly press of England is practically controlled by Roman Catholic influence Of courses, all newspaper men know that in making such a statement the esteemed representative of Coneregationalism is labouring under a complete hallucination. As regards the metropolitan daily press, there are some journals on which there is not a single Roman Cathclic writer or a person in any responsible position who iglu the al iehte st degree I tinged with Roman Catholic sympathies. There are Agnostics in abundanc-', and it the staffs of the variouo Londen journala could be polled it would be found that t hree-fourtba of them at ltaiit never enter either a church or a chapel deer. Some per- son of distorted views has got et this distinguished representati e of Noncc nformit y, who has opened toe creduh WI an ear to his statenseuts. As tl.e "Westminster Gazette," whose repressetative in- terviewed the doctor without much result, states, half the newspapers in the country are in the hands of aggressive and militant Nonconformists. When ti e time comes for Lord and Lady Curzon ' to visit Simla they will not be under the disadvau, tage felt by some of their preifecessors in the Vice royalty of basing to chorale a place of residence for The Retreat which ,hes attained so much popu- larity under the regiene'of Lord Elgin. has now been taken by the Government from the Rana of Heti on a perpetual lease. Before Lord Elgin entered into poasessitn of le Retreat acme three years ago, it was regularly occupii d by teen like Sir Charles Ilbert, sir David Barbour, and Lord Roberts. The house rtands in spacious gronnds, being surrounded by over one hundred acres of wooded elopes, and gladee, which at the period of the year when Lord and I ady Cuizon will first obtain a glimpse of them will present adi lightful picture. I hear by the way, that demands for accommodation at the United Service Club at Simla for next season are unusually heavy, which shows that Lord Curzon's inaugural sojourn at this bill station is expected to make things exceptionally brisk. In circles where tie boxing-glove is a hedge of manliness tiers+ was great rejoicing over the deci- sicn of the grand jury to throw out the bill against the National Sporting flub in connection with the recent boxing match fatality. After the Recorder's extremely strong directtiont to e them thisur teboegsrerd4uhrayt had no alternative but o Eir John Bridge thinks of the incident may be Imagined, but will probably never be known. Be is one of the . most. sagacious and experienced stipendiary magistrates in the country. end in his stuffy little court in BOW-Street he has interviewed from time to time some of our most distiognishEd criminals. His dictum that boxieg matches tought for Etake s mllBt NI regarded as prizefights certainly caused some surprise. It sounded like an echo of the Licensing Committee's recent decision that Sunday music, permissible in itself, became illegal when paid for. Fir John has now learned on the authority of the Recorder Ora the judgment of a coroner's jury is to be preferred before that of a metropolitan magistrate Shakespeare's views on " crowner's quest law" are not shared by Sir Charles Ball.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

Henry Kiddie, theatr:cal ruansoer and actor. was sentenced at Gloucester Assizes on Tuesday to six mouths hard labour fora criminal tumult on a little girl.

A life-sentence convict in the penitentiary at Kingston. Ontario, is putting forward a claim to be the son of Lord Kinruurd and heir to the estates in bcotland.

Messrs. Scott and Co., of Greenock, have contracted to build and engine a 4.000 ton steam yacht for Mr. Het Me, the American millionaire. The vessel and fittings will cost £250,( GO. By a boiler explosiou on Saturday at Monton Dveworks neat Manchester. the engineer, John Kitchen, vs, s killed. The adjointqg houses were seriously shaken, and a school nsrrowly escaped destructioa. _ _ _

serlons via explosion secured on Sunday at the Cafe Champeaux. Place de Is Boum, Paris. The building was partly wrecked, a woman who was passing was killed, and several people were Injured..

Early- on Sunday morning, Aireworth worszed mills, Reighley oempled by Messrs. S. and R. Lister. were des- troyed 1::y Ore, the damage beiug estimated at between £IO,OOC and £12,000. A fireman named Higgs had a mar- vellous escape. He fell through a skylight. •At Jarrow-on-Tylie. on Tuesday morning, a young man named William Boy was remanded on a charge of causing the death of his mother. The deceased and her son quarrelled on S tturday night, when her dead body was found much bruised about the hcad and face. She was seventy years of age. r In the Divorce Division on Tuesday, Edward Arthur Rerruish. commercial traveller, living at Clifton, Ramsey, Isle of Man. obtaitird a deeree n'si fer dissolution of man-lams on the ground of his wife's adultery Witis an engineer named Frank Unwin, who wss married to her sister. Sirs. Cluwin a'ao obtained?, desr.ee

- -On Saturday, Idles Baines. dressmaker, and her neicewere found unconscious in their bedrooms et Warminster, having received terrible injury to the heed. It la all.ged that they were ottacked during the night with a poker by a young man.who has oecamped. Miss Haines and her niece were removed to the hospital.

It is reported Unit attempts have been made to wrecks Midland niaht eipress from Blackburn to St. Panorai out- side Bromley Cross station, and a train from Waterloo to Windsor at Blackputs Bridge, between Datcbet a*Kl Windsor, on the Loudon ancLSouth•Western Railway. In each e .se a huge boulder_had.dPen placed on the rails.

- . The Far! of Lathom succumbed on Saturday to the illness which overtcok him shortly after the fatal accident to the counteas, almost exactly a year ago. The death no nrred y-eterday of Sir G. Baden-Powell. M.P. for the Miradale Division of Liverpool. Another death announced is that of Alderman Sr Stuart Knill. Bart., ex-Lord Mayor of {London At Warwick when the town was full of peon e from neigh booting Oistricts, a well dressed man eatered the °aloes of a firm of auctioneers and asked the clerk. who was alone in he oiTh3e, to come outside and look at a bill in the window,as there Was a mistake In the date. When he returned be found the caFhbox, which contained abaut £.50, missing. The matter is in the bands of the police. A Frer eh gardener nanard Franz Isidor ii, Coq was tried at Leipsie on Saturday on a charkie ofaelling Gvrcann znilitary secrets to the French Government. The Court, being of opinion that the prisoner was R professional spy actuated by a desire of pecuuiery gain. sentenced him to six years' im- prisonment with bird labour, to be fol owed by ten years' loss of jail rights and police supervision. At a Cousistory Court, held by the Bishop of Worcester on Monday, the Rev. William Woods was declared incapable of holdine preferment, and wise deposed. Defendant was found guilty of seducing and cohabiting with a young lady while 'he was curate-in-charge at Wilily, Warwickshire. He was a married man living apart from his wife. The 131811°P des' scribed the case as disgraceful and very shocking. On Sunciay zn-rning. the body of William Nash, aged fifty. coal miner. of Bmsworth, near Pontefract. was found banging in the yard of a house in Milton-street, BIRf kburn where it had been staying since Friday. Deceased had told. his friei3de that he was union tvcretary sit Itinsworth, and wfsbed,he was out Of the world, as the mess he was in meant Ave years. A piece of paper found on him bore a fragmen- ary message to his dear niece.

- A rerariiraole case has been investigated by the magis trates et Buncrara. county tDonegal. Duncan M'Gregor, oerk if worts at the Government fort in Lough Swillv, and his Laughter. aged fifteen. being charged with having wounded one another. The father ajected to the girl keep- ing company with an Artillery corporal,and during a dispute the father reached for a revolver and the' girl a rifle. Shots were (DLO arged simultaneously, and both cornleatants re- ceivori scratches about the head. The defendants were com- mitted for trial.

ead stabbing fatality occurred on Tuesday afternoon at Chapel Yard, Preston. A young butaher sawed John Daw- son was cutting up meat on it trestle. when William Marshal another young man. came behind him, and slapping ohm boisterously on the back,exclaimed"it's a cold stay." Dawson turned round suddenly and the point of his knife penetrated deceased between the ribs, and inflicted a wound in the region of the heart, death ensuing in a very short time Dawson ran for a doe or, and afterwards voluntarily went to a police station. The young men were friends. An alarming file broke out in a large warehouse in St. Andrew's-hill, just at the back of Dr. Parker's City Temple. London sh irtly after ten o'clock on Saturday morning. The outbreak took place on the first floor of the premises of Metiers. Gilbertson, makers of chemical stores, where a quan- tity of straw was stored. Over a dozen fire-engines were on the spot. Dense volumes of smoke issued from the burning warehouse. The firemen devoted all their attention to pre- venting the flames spreading to the npper storeys, w..era much Inflammable material was stored. 135 a quarter to eleven they had the fire well in hand, and the blockLwas saved.

En—Allahabad correepondent of the " Times telegraphs details of a serious plague riot which occurred at Serinma- ratam on the 17th. no news of which had reached this country through ordinary sources. The mob, armed with puns, swords, axes, and other weapons, at one time num- bered about 12.030. and made a desperate effort to enter the fort, in which w.re confined prisoners concerned in an carller riot. The rioters were frequently fired on by the police, and many were killed and wounded. The pollee were ender arms for nearly thirty-six hours, and they and the cavalrybeing inadequate to cope with poesible develop- ments, a reinforcement of 100 dismounted Imperial Berrie. Lancers had been deepatehecl by the Diwast et Mysore,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON PROVISION DEALER AND HIS RENT,

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before His Honour Judge Wynn?. Ffoulkes' Henry Thornton, the Laurels, Padgate, sued Patrick Sexton, provision dealer, of Hall-street, for £2 23. 6.1., a quarter's rent for a stable in Rose and Crown-street. Mr. Forshaw ap- peared for the plaintiff, and the defendant was repre- sented by Mr. Browne.—Mr. Forshaw said the rent was due on the fith of AuguA. Defendant hal been tenant of the stables for some years. Plaintiff had applied for the rent, but no notice had been taken of the application by defendant.—Henry Thornton said he owned the stables, and defendant was his tenant.

He had been tenant since 1893, and had paid for the stables quarterly. A qoarter's rent, £2 23 61, was now due.—By Mr. Br-wns ; He did not remember Mr. James Seaton. defendant's brother, paying a quarter's rent in May, 1893. He (plaintiff) did not enter the payment of the rent and then say that be had not got a receipt stamp. He did not say he would take the book and re- turn it with the payment receipted. He took the hook back. Mr. Sexton had not called on him to ask him for the b )ok. He did not remember anyone calling for it. Mr. Seaton had named the matter to hm. Hi (plaintiff's) son had not told him that the quarter's rent at that time was paid to him under protest. Mr. Sexton had not repeatedly told him that be was paying under protest. He had spoken to him several times about the book. He did not know what he wanted it for.— James Sexton, brother of the defendant, said that on the 6th of May, 1894, Mr. Thcruton called at his shop, and he handed him toe rent bcok and £2 2i 6d. He entered something, and then said he had no stamp. He asked if he might be allowed to take the book to his effice, and he would send it back receipts d. Witness allowed him to do so, but had never since seen the book. When Mr. Thornton was away his son called and de- manded the rent. Witness tcld him it had been paid to his father. Be (the son) threatened to distrain, and witneis paid him the rent under protest. He saw Mr. Thornton when he came home, and he searched his , offiae for the book. He asked witness to leave the matter over for the pres eat, as he was is a hurry. Witness had sent to him many times since. On every occasion when he had pail him during the last flys, years he had mentioned the matter, and asked him each rime for the book.—Patr:ck S.mton, the last wit- ness's son, and Thomas Mullin said they went for the rent book four or five years ago.—His Honour said he was afraid he could not consider that a satisfactory proof of payment. He could not ur3der:tand a man ccn• tinning to pay rent without settling ve,th regard to the fir,t payment. There was nothing on the subsequent rscripts to show that they had been paid under protest. There would be judgment for the plaintiff.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

A meeting of this Cornmitti e was held on Thursday evening in fit.Themas' Schools with Mr. William Daven- port presiding. There were also present Messrs. Pearson, Mason; Clarke, Weir, Ashton-flayes, and J. Knowles 'with Mr. Farrington, (inspectsr), Mr. Swinton (sur- veyor), sod Mr. John Ashton (clerk).

===== 0002601_18981125_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CORRIESPON-DENCE.

The Clerk read a letter front Mr. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), under date October 28, as follows .1 "Be tram- ways. Dear sir, in reply to your letter of the 28th October, I leg to inform you that it is not the intsntion of the Warrington Corporation to apply for the powers for tramwaya this Session.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
lATCHFORD WITHOUT BEWBRAOII.

The question of.he resolution hi referecco to Latch- ford W•thout sewerage came up again. Mr. Clarke said the reaolution was the Fame as before with the alteratitm as suggested by Mr. Pilling, that the agreement he limited ta 30 years. The quation of the insertion of this addition nal discum J.

Mr. Mason : The wl.ole of Latchford Without is re- ponsible to us? The Chairman : Oh yes. After acme Wailer resu:tleis discusslon, the chairman said if thee could not come to terms it would have to come to arbitration.

The Gerk : Yes, if we cannot come b terms we shall have to submit the matter to the Local Government Boer&

Mason said they ought to be very careful in arranging the rate. He meant the rate they must charge the prople of Latchford Without, and it was hardly fair that they (the Committee) should bind them- [selves now. Thy might leave the matter open to b 3 considered again in 30 years. I Mr. Pearsen : At the end of 30 years &mkt= Reath will be paying for sewerage for perhaps three or four hundrr d aerie of area. If Latchbrd Without are called upem to pay the came rate as we pay, I think it is a very fair thieg for us to say they shall pay that tate. Tne Chairman : If they pay the same late as we do, it will recluse oi.r sewage rate, and I think that adjust- ment will come under the same heading es the one with Warrington. Mr. Pearson : I think if an inquiry is held they will probably got easier terms than they will get now. Mr. Mason : My anxiety is that we shall not commit ourselves to something that will ultimately be serious. I object to the proposal that. Latchford Witho,t rate shall be the same after thi.ty years. I play leave the matter open for setlement at that time, flow would it do •o move a resolution to that efftct,that the matter be re-arranged after that time The Clerk That is just s the resolution Is at pre- sent. It settles what shall be done for 30 years. Toe Chairman: 13v the end of that time they will have free acness into the sewers.

_ . Mr. Cla: ke : I stil think that if they have ths same rate at Stockton Heath ratepayers are charged it is treating them in an honourable and just way. So bag as a thing is fair and just we ought Hot to object to it. We ought not to le.sve it to our successors to seats that question when we are able to settle the matter ourselves. We can do the thing just is well now as in thirty years' time. It will mike it complete. I would like it to bt unanimous. •

Mr. Mason lam sorry I cannot agree to it Mr. Clark. There is a strong feeling on the part of the gentlemen who have previously supported the resolution to change their minds, and they have not aivalaced any reason for it. Mr. Pearson : I think it is a very good bargain. I don't think we .hall be at any loss but shall be gainers at the end of 3O year. I don't see the virtue in what Mr.Mare,n says about le.v.ng it to our successors. lam strongly in favour of settling it now on the bas s of that docura.nt. .

Mr. Clarke : I ioropo-,e that the agreement without Mr. Pilling's suggested }I diitirm be adopted. Mr. Hays.; seconded the MC ticn. There was no amendment and when the matter was put to tha vute thera were s:x for and one (Sir. Masco) against.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
SANITARY WORK. -A COMPLAINT.

A mernbei—e;ia—cw.o.,-,-l—d—iik;tV;sic—Clie-N-u,sance In - specter if %Ai aware that Mr. Newton was wit eing the emptying of the tubs. He had received complaints. Mr.FArrington said be had sees to it. He did not think it was nauca of a nuisance but he would remind Mr. Newton.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW LAM?.

Jr. Pearson said he wished to give notice that be would cal he attention of the Council that the people wanled a new lamp in Bedford-tie, and that the time bad arrived Err takiug over the one in Tara was all the busiaess.

V LLO U—S P—OLY PHON MUB I CAL ,Ay By THEMSELVES like ordinary musical boxes, but much au• pericr tone. HUNDREDS os TUNES can be played. You can choose your own times. OMBRA AND UP-TO-DATE TUNES. Ptices from 128. 6d. to .£25. Auemeß & SONS, 43 TO 49, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

rriig NTAK 1. BOX BS FL

===== 0002601_18981125_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
E EXAMINER MUD 'k 17, NOVEMBER 25 1898

leave this lovely place—as indeed you were only a .i-re. he winced, and I added: "Be Wi3o, and adapt yourself to circumstances. If men and women were moulded to your pattern, they would not long please you, unless you were contented with your own lot." "True," she responded thoughtfully. "The rest- less steed needs bit and bridle." t "I must apologise for speaking plainly," I added, RS Lucia began to pout and fidget with her fan, "but you swore to assist us in tracking the robbers at Puke's Delight, and the ringleaders of the attack on San Leno. What have you done? Nothing! I begin to doubt your sincerity." She stcuortneehdrnwith void flashingof s eenyteismuepnot,n understandm e.'c "flow can aa Castilian!" Then she paced to and fro, remind- ing me of an angry puma in a menagerie cage. "Tell me," she cried, "wherein have I deceived :ou ? If Mark desires the marauders' punishment, why remain in Golden Vale fooling his time away with this offspring of af dusky woman ? " O. Lucia's sarcastic tone was so bitter that it made my flesh creep, so I observed, with considerable asperity: "Perhaps Mark is using his own methods to detect the parties. If he tracks them, woe be to those who shield them." "Doubtless you are in his confidence," she replied, "while I am ignored." t "That is neither kind to me, Senorita, " I retorted warmly, "nor just to my friend. His object in coming here is, probably, no mystery to you or me. I am here because, since he pays the wages, he has a right to my loyalty." Here the complex character of the Castilian chewed itself, for Lucia laughed heartily—just that merry ripple of laughter which is contagious. She plucked a flower, and pulled out the petals, saying: "And is that all he came for? " My face wore a dubious look as I shrugged my shoulders and rendered into the best Spanish at my command: "Senorita, your pardon. lam a blockhead." I bowed with unusual grace, for I own to not being very cavalierly, and the tone of my voice was sarcastic. Lucia's unfeigned amusement convinced• me that she construed my words as a huge joke. But there, I never ccurrd fathom a woman, so, in utter despair, I gave up trying. My embarrassment was rendered somewhat galling, because Mark at that moment entered the alcove, and said playfully: "I apologise for my unseemly intrusion." While my neck and face got hot Lucia rose to the occasion. Rushing forward she threw her arms around his neck, and in a most winsome way, said: "Mark, I have been wondering whether Olive has won your love from me, and in my usual impulsive way I have expressed my fears to your best friend." And, turning towards me, her eyes apparently sparkling with admiration and her lovely face beaming with gladness, she daintily added: "Believe me, Mark, he is your best friend." "Don't run away, Sandy.," said my chief good- humouredly. "/ am not Jealous." "Jealous o' me!" I retorted, knitting my brows and tapping my breast, "how absurd!" Mark nodded and smiled—one of those sugges- tive smiles that makes a man wish- he could throw something at the wearer. The situation was awkward, nevertheless. Mark affectionately kissed the Senorita, and told her not to be jealous without good and sufficient reason. In his crisp and kindly way he denied in- constancy, adding: "Queen Rana wishes the friendly relations of our party to be cemented by investing me with the order tat the Squirrel—a knighthood shewing the personal -favor of the Queen, and held in as high esteem as tht British Garter." "Rana is a'ready baiting a hook," I wl...quered. "She expects to haul a big fish." Mark gave a short, vexed sigh. , Lucia muttered something sotto voce, the y urport of which he comprehended, for he ejaculated: "Fiddlesticks!" She raised her eyebrows and asked quietly: "May I see the ceremony ? " "I'm afraid not," he replied, "but I'll ask it as a favour, and if liana agrees I'll send for you. But, Lucia, whether you come or not, you need have no fear about Olive 'winning my love." And turning to me, he added, in English: "If Rana is fishing with the proclivities of a match-making mamma, I'll come the fox-like artfulness of ,a grey mullet—dart to the side of the Queen's net and leap the head-rope into the open sea." ' "But the net inebbe raised too high," said I, "an' mak' this impracticable." "Then I'll creep under it," he responded with an amused smile. "What if that mode o'escape be coot aff " "Then I will search for a defective mesh." "Ala," I reflected, "if as daring as a mullet, yet ye're na sufficiently ingenious." "Believe me, Lucia," he added, in Spanish, placing his arm fondly about her waist as he looked wistfully upon her pleading face, "I'm not susceptible to the influence of a half-caste, even though she were a Venus." "Perhaps not, Mark," answered the Spanish lady, her face now wreathed in smiles, "but you are ignorant of the kind of decoys used to bring in the wild ducks. However, I'll trust you, but take care and not mention Ituro's name, or these semi- barbarians will chop you into rniAce-meat." Mark laughed, and kissed her hand lightly. Then he set out for the palace, and we went home.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
(411 rights raservect.) THE

SECRET OF NARK PEPYS.

By FRED J. PROCTOR, Author of "Timothy Twill's Secret," "Jean Marlou," "Dr. Dobbs," &c.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XV. TUE GREEN-EYED MONSTER.

Now one evening Olive strolled about the out- skirts of our colony listening to the music and merriment. Mark caught sight of her, and in his frank style went to her, and with signs and smiles welcomed the Princess to our circle. In coaxing her to this end, Lucia thought he was longer than necessary, for she tripped among the luxuriant flowers and jealously watched the couple. At last my good friend's gentle persuasion pre- vailed on the half-caste, who was ushered to the seat of honour. This piqued Lucia, and the first pangs of jealousy began to tear asunder the bonds of affection between her and the Princess. She suddenly grew reserved, and pleaded indisposition when called on for a song and dance. She recom- mended Olive's musical genius to us, and gave such a glowing account of her grace and style that Mark was forced to believe her sarcasm the outcome ot wounded pride. Yet how he had contributed to this did not dawn upon him, and so he entered more heartily into Olive's merriment. This annoyed Lucia, who retaliated by playing the coquette with me. Finding I tolerated none such silliness, she soon excused herself, pleading that a bad headache drove her home.

But when Mark met her later on, they were observed to walk together just in that stiff manner known to buffed lovers, and afterwards I saw by his troubled face that Lucia had given him a good talking to. Furthermore, when I spoke to him he snapped me off sharply. Like the poet Bunthorne, I could only sigh and mutter: "Crushed again!" Now a week or so after, we were at the palace. and the Senorita came tripping towards Mark and me, her eyes sparkling with some new fascination and her pretty face flushed with excitement. "Come," she said warmly, "I have mounted the tower and beheld a paradise around. It is a picture, the like no mortal outside Golden Vale has seen. There is not -a cloudlet in the sky, and the gentle breeze tempers the sunglow ; sweet are the bird-songs, and infinite the charm of the scenery!" And after a flow of praise in idiomatic Spanish, Lucia wound up with: "To live amid such glory te Olive's happy lot; how I envy her! Mark," she added sotto voce, as if a thought suddenly occurred to her, "Pecos tells me it is the wish of this fascinating girl that you should go and see the beautiful view from the tower, where she awaits you.,,

Lucia's winsome smile set Mark wondering, and he significantly observed to me, "Sandy, I've been with Pecos to get a shave, and picked up some news. A barber's shop is always the hotbed of gossip. I'm afraid liana's treasure-house is im- pregnable. This I know, that if Muro prospers, or gets access to Golden Vale, some she-devil in this valley helps him." "Hush, Mark!" I rebuked in an undertone. "reople may think ye refer to liana, if they catch half a word."

"Come, Lucia," said he aloud, "let us go up the tower." But the Senorita was gazing out of the window humming a Spanish melody to the pianissimo accompaniment of her guitar. I sighed, for a presentiment of trouble burdened my soul. "Pardon me," said I persuasively to Mark, "dinna be swaytd by hearsay. I think we're per- fectly safe free asslssination here—if the Queen's person remains nviolable "

"Well," he mumbled severely, his face sternly set, "Kane hangs her traitors in chains at the &ate of the city, as food fit only for vultures. The man or woman who attempts to betray me sLall receive a like fate."

He proudly mounted the winding stone stairs into the watch tower, where Olive's smile of welcome soon thawed his icy manner—so rare, and yet in this instance not altogether unaccountable, from the events of the last few days. I passed over to where Lucia Diaz was humming, and tapped her shoulder. She half turned with surprise, her face crestfallen. Fortunately, none were near to witness this scene. "Senorita," I observed kindly in Spanish, "take warning, and beware of harbouring evil thoughts. Misery is the handmaid of Jealousy!" "You think my character transparent," she answered lightly, turning her head from me. "I weigh you as though you were a jockey about to mount against one rival." She laughed and tossed her head, saying: "Olive's horse is scratched,' and I have wont A man likes a coquette just so much as she excites the envy of his male acquaintances. If she lingers in their company when he whistles for her, then he fancies his exclusive rights are attacked; he grinds his teeth, clenches his fists, swears, and gets drunk, as a kind of retaliation—thus debasing his body and demoralising his mind. if she does not sing cheerf,kly and coax away his despondency, then he tells her she is getting old and crabbed, She may have aches and pains—the effects of which must be confined to her boudoir. If she feels depn seed, her face must still wear a serene smile." "Senorita, I protest—" "Nay, hear me out! She won by blandishments —to continue her reign, mockery and deception must be fashionably maintained to the end of the chapter. In his own estimation the man alone fights life's battles; the woman's beauty must per- petually charm, her grace fascinate, her accom- plishments win favour with recognised critics. The unpleasant s d 3 of the picture is when, like a tarnished t y, she is cast as de lest the other fellows sh uld s'e that her skin begins to wrinkle. . . . Is tli s the rigs Mark Pepys expects me to play? Fan h!" She si apped her fingers, laughed derisively, and then when i again dep ored her suspi, Lug nature, the hot tears ro led dcwn her flushed , he ,ks as she retorted: "I Castil al jealous of a half-caste Indian! Bahl you do not know Lucia Diaz!" "So it appears," said I frankly, as I saw the fierce glitter of her beautiful eyes. Thereupon, with head erect and step firm, she walked away to a quiet nook, there to cry and sob as if her heart would break. The chameleon never changed its colour more quickly than Lucia changed her temper —women were always a puzzle to me, but this one was incomprehensible. Mischief was brewing already'. -If Olive was to eclipse Mark's love, what sort of a shadow would it throw on Lucia's life? The Senorita had stolen to my side. She tugged my arm wildly, and I wheeled round, looking intently at her tear-dimmed eyes and flushed face. "Sefior Dees," she observed, spitefully, in a hushed voice. "I know the secret of Mark Pepys's visit to Golden Vale. If Kane had acquired some of his more valuable treasures, he could not kidnap the mother of the Princess whom he saved, and who has won his love. If he attempts to use Olive as an instrument to effect his purpose, he may find, when he breaks into the royal treasure-house, that he is caught like a rat in a trap. Take my advice: Keep your own counsel. Let him lose his honour and throw his love to the dogs, if he likes; but save your own skin!" She disappeared without another word, some mad resolve agitating her mind. Her warning enabled me to take time by the forelock. If this new phase did not make Mark heartily ashamed of his treachery, then I would insist on his abandoning his dangerous adventure before we were bowled over.

Now we had gleaned many interesting facts from Olive when a Queen's messenger summoned us.into the royal presence. Mark and the Princess led the way, but as I lingered a little, Lucia came and touched my arm lightly with her fan. I tailed, and gathered from her gestures that she wished a word with me, so I walked aside with her into an alcove.

"I am weary of Golden Vale," she said pensively. "How long before we depart ? " "Mark Pepys is master," I replied coldly. "To hear is to obey." "Your manner freezes me," she retorted, nervously tapping her palm with her closed fan. She sighed, and her handsome lips quivered. Thep she lowered her arched eyebrows, zna I saw mingled flame and me," in her eyes. "Your reticence tortures me, she added; "I would rather my heart's love were killed outright than suffer the misery of suspense. These courageous and fearless men often make fools of themselves when my sex fascinates them. History always repeats itself: Mark is a full-blooded Saxon—a type of the old Vikings—and remember human nature is to-day what it was centuries ago. Candidly, I fear the influence of Olive. Let us go hence—and I beseech you, Seilor Dees, advise Mark to this end, and that quickly. . . . Ahl you think me selfish in this request!" _"No " I exclaimed testa, "bat I out loth to

===== 0002601_18981125_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVL

TRZ RITALEI. As a sense of oppression weighed on me I threw• myself on the couch and dreamt of Lucia Diaz, and woke with a splitting headacraa. Then drowsily turning on any side, again I dreamt of her; and yet a third time, until the gloaming was far spent and the moon's light began to tip the crags and play upon the smoke that issued from the volcanic cone to the south of the city. Suddenly a commotion in the next apartment startled me, and even while I rubbed my eyes and drew my hand across my aching forehead Mark came in full of excitement, his face flushed and his brow knit with anger. And yet, with it all, there was the high-bred look of the refined gentle- man, the clever bridling of passion that marked the patrician born—the aristocratic profile, not so much handsome as thoroughbred and noble. "What has ruffled yer temper, Mark ? " "Lucia annoyed me, and we quarrelled! Slat twitted me in a contemptuous way about Olive!" "I dislike a nagging wuman," said I unguardedly. "I don't.know that a jealous one is much better," he responded, with a little more serenity of manner. "Lucia has evidently been chafing sorely." "A. wuman's mind is like a patchwork quilt, made up o' varied moods, frae the slighting languor o' ennui to the sardonic phase o' tragic jealousy. I suppose the Sefiorita goaded ye to fury? " 'Yes, and I retaliated in a brutal fashion, for I accused her of being in league with Muro." I sighed, feeling that Mark ,had been foolish. "An' her reply ? " "She flatly denied it. But she could not, or, at least, refused to deny that in Yerba Buena she had been on very friendly terms with Muro. I've been gathering evidence bit by bit, and dovetailing trivial words and actions until the truth is almost revealed."

"Na, na, trark," I replied, shaking my head seriously.- "In the hidden meesteries o' human nature ye're no' i' the running e'en wi' Kana's philosophers. Ye hae made a stupid blunder— excuse my bluntness." "Well, it is galling to be told so," he answered, sitting down, "but it is straight." "Beware, lest this design turn yer upper garret awry. Yer sudden fit o' impatience has saddled us wi' a jealous wuman. There's an use o' crying o'er spilt meelk, but remember I warned ye at the start."

"What is your advice ? " he asked in a tone of fatigue. "Accept her denial guid grace; gang slang as usual, an' if there's further cause fer the least sus- picion send her back to San Leno. That's my advice—tak' it or leave it." - -

A soft step and gentle sobbing in the corridor warned us to listen. Soon the supplicating •Lucia had glided in and thrown herself at Mark's feet. In Spanish she plaintively appealed for forgive- ness, if her past friendship *ith Muro had vexed him; and anon she arrested my attention with a trite cry for 'justice. "Did I not forsake the gaiety and pleasures of Yerba Buena. to be by your side, Mark? Did I not slay the Indian guidit upon the tower of San Leno, when your lives were weighing in the balance? Who helped defend the Presidio ?—I. Who nursed the sick ?—I. You know that over the San Leno graves I vowed to revenge the death of your brave men. No woman, guilty of treachery, would do that. The delay in tracking the culprits is not of my seeking' for here, in Golden Yale, rev bands are tied. I base solemnly

sworn to avenge the San Leno siege." And in idiomatic Spanish she added: "Notwithstanding all this, yet you rake up the past and chew mg weeds that I thought were buried for ever. Aftel having praised my wine you give me vinegar. Mark, I beseech you, have pity on me. Your frown wounds my heart; the loss of your love would be death to me!"

The Beiiorita's grief was most distressing ; indeed, I, designated a woman-hater, was upset at seeing her tears. Now what were Mark and I that we should throw mud at this woman? As she clung to him and buried her burning head on his breast he made a grimace for assistance out of the dilemma. Any observer with half an eye could see he was passionately fond of her, though ashamed to shew his weakness. I took pity on him, but expressed my displeasure by grunting out: "Those wha mix their am n medicine mustna complain if it's bitter."

"Dry your eyes, Lucia," he said, in a far kinder way than I could have commanded under the circumstances. "When relations are strained, a storm sometimes clears the air. Come back all I said. You shewed your hasty temper, and I turned like a bulldog. We shall now understand each other better. It is my earnest wish that you should enjoy your visit to Golden Vale. You were silly to be jealous of Olive. Queen Kana means well by me "—with a sigh—"immeasurably beyond nity deserts; and shortly she starts a round of fetes en our honour. Now, throw yourself heart and soul into the pleasure." If Olive were to win your love, Mark," she replied with evident sincerity, "there would be nothing in life worth living for." He kissed her affectionately, glad in his heart for the opportunity of making up the quarrel—for Mark had a good disposition, and was a manly, noble fellow.

- Caressing her till she bvightened into her normal condition, he advised her to go to bed early; and when she left us with that intention, he asked me his best course to regain her confidence and to remove from her mind the impression that he was in love with the Princess. "There's an auld Spanish proverb," said I, "which fits yer case: • There's na lock but a golden key will open it.' " "I tumble," answered Mark. "dome along, Sandy, let us go to the best jewellers shop in Golden Vale." -

Together we went, and Mark bartered for a lovely gold necklace as a present for Lucia. Now, a testy man will soften after a square meal, but a woman is better pleased with a rich gift for personal adornment. So when we returned, and Mark gave Lucia the present, her delight knew no bounds. After, thanking him, and assuring him of her con- stancy, tears of joy filled her eyes. This golden gift was a token of reconciliation, and the ardent, Mark Pepys again assured her that he regretted having lost his temper through harbouring silly suspicions. 'lt's the auld, auld story, Mark; the best fellow i' the world who is a'ways at hame is apt to become a bore. After this estrangement ye'll saddle horses richt weel."

"Repeated tiffs destroy confidence on both sides" said he thoughtfully. "This disagreement is entirely my fault. I was far too hasty.:

"Then to-morrow tak' the lass to -the theatre" was my response; "an' if liana has designs, lat her see that Olive canna cut Lucia oot."

"What!" he exclaimed, half-ridiculing the idea, "do you think for one moment that a dusky Queen can pit a half-caste Princess against my Lucia? Ridiculous!" When, therefore, on the morrow Mark took the Senorita to the show, her clear complexion, grace, and charms—enhanced by Mark's present—won the admiration not only of Olive, but of the Queen herself. This flattered Lucia, and so the time went right merrily. A rich present will work wonders with a vain woman, especially if she thinks it excites the envy of her rival. After the performance, and prior to breaking up, sweet juices were banded round, and the Court Master of Ceremonies cried aloud, in his vernacular that Kana wished all to till their glasses for a toast. Then her Majesty rose, saying with a melodious voice, as she smiled at Mark: ..‘2l vuestra salud "

"To your health!" reiterated the High Priest in the native tongue; whereupon the Compliment was repeated by all, and Kana lifted the glass to her lips. From where I stead I saw that the Queen heel- tat el as if paralysed, and consternation was written on every face. Suddenly the air was filled with smoke, and a sulphurous smell caught one's breath. Then beneath our feet distinct rumblings were heard, and within the time occupied by a squirrel's cry the earth trembled and shook. Frightened out of their wits, some of the more excitable females had hysterical fits, and Mark did his level best to calm Lucia's fears. Olive threw her arras about her mother's neck, but the Queen stood with stoics indifference, the while many ran into the open for safety. Presently the earth-quivering ceased, the •lpen-glow was less obscure, and we had time to cs...atily look round. Kana's self-command saved a pauic, but the theatre soon cleared. Upon making inquiries we learnt that`the oldest inhabitants remembered such a shock in their youth, when some changes occurred in the configuration of the valley. Happily, beyond a severe strain, the city sustained no great damage on this occasion, but several fissures in the sides of the voloir indicated the scat of the disturbance. "W tkta days and nights the cone was agitated, week even that subsided; and soon dultsrgte quillity of Golden Vale permitted a --;4isistropsse the amphitheatre in our 'honour. Prizes in coin and rich kind were offered, and our people entered heartily into the contests. In the shooting competition our men won by long chalks, but for a chain of gold offered by the fair Olive for the feat of greatest strength none would compete with Goya. Mark watched this man keenly from within the royal enclosure. Observing the mighty man's vanity, I slid up to my friend and whispered in his ear: "Mark, here's a chance to 'establish yourself i' the guid books o' the sports- men. That big fellow looks as strong as a bear, but he's clumsy," "I'm not in first-rate trim, Sandy." "Nonsense. Yer daily life is a guid training.* "Besides, I don't covet the honour." "Perhaps no'," I urged, "but yer success would be another string t' yer bow." I selfishly thought that if danger threatened us, Mark's popularity might save us. Oh, unlucky persuasion! How I afterwards hated myself for suggesting the match! "If Olive placed that chain round my neck, Lucia might sorely chafe." "Weel," I responded, "if the Seilorita becomes jealous again we may learn something. Remember, we has t' find oot the part Puke played; an' there's an auld score to settle wi' Muro, whose name nobody dares mention here on pain o' instant death. This decree was made years ago." Mark bit his nether lip and cast my words about in his mind. "Sandy, go at once to Lucia; tell her I think of challenging this strong man. If she agrees and I am beaten, she will have the good sense to accept my defeat with grace." "An' harbour less pique against the Princess," I mentally- observed while proceeding to carry out his mission. I put it to Lucia as if the suggestion came from me, and the pretty bird was caught in the harm- less snare. "Though Mark fail," she observed, "his 3hallenge, where none of the tribe dare even pre- tend, will Win him more popularity. Tell him it is my wish that he measure his strength with this Indian." .

- Negotiations ended, my stalwart friend strolled into the arena amid cries of surprise and some jeers. The champion was boastful, and eyed his white opponent with disdain. If •it looked like swagger, when Mark threw down his hat and tucked up his sleeves in true British fashion, people saw he meant business. The challenger smiled with derision, then saluted, after which Mark shook hands in a friendly way. In the first tug-of-war knack worsted my chief, but not without a struggle. In the second tug he used similar means, and pulled the Indian across the line. In the third both pulled fair and Nuare, and the time-kepeer gave it as a draw. 7hus, in this, Mark was the Indian's equal. In throwing wrought-iron balls the dusky skin came off triumphant, but he lost in slinging heavier weights, and one could tell by the excite- ment among all classes, that had betting prevailed the bookmakers would have been bewildered. But gambling was forsworn. I noticed the mortification of the tribe's favourite, because many shouted to. him words of cheer; but his agitation was more noticeable when he beheld Mark beckoning him to further try his skill. This he did with some misgiving, for while Mark sat down and smilingly rubbed his calves, an attepdant bound a horsehair cord about the Inelan's wrists, and rubbed his muscles with a lotion. Evidently the bouts had already strained . _

===== 0002601_18981125_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CURSE

nut nyllooll or iv crook tne cnampion seemed as if he meant to maintain his prestige. The rivals were well-matched for some time, but when Mark nodded to me and put his fingers on his lips I knew he was warming to his work. I scored an orange and ran to him. "Goya's aia. saft ans."

"No easy win for me, he's so tough. V* off,. ~ , colour, or lazy. Lucia seems anxious." $ "Ony fule could see that wi' one eye leie ad squint. Oh, fer a wee drop—" "Bar drink, was my 'Varsity trainer's ad. •.. It's a mere flash in the pan." Mark caught .....- self up, saying: "I must go, the umpire is getting fidgety." Y o He noticed his slip of the tongue impressed me, especially as at that moment my eyes fell upon thy tattooed device on his arm. Had he adopted ti furm-de-pluvie I My curiosity was whetted to a kreii. edge. 34, In pulling against a mustang, and in liftin heavy weights by sheer force of muscle, eclipsed Goya, though the latter was an ado at balancing. But the crowning effort was k's snapping a wrought-iron chain with the muscle 4 his arm. Goya tried his best, and after blustering efforts he despairingly shook his head; but I could see evil in his eyes; and a half-sardonic look cr* his massive face, for it was rather muscular than superficial. This betrayal of malignant intent was more apparent when Mark broke a similar chain amid great cheering. Then he 'invited Goya to wrestle or match his strength, but he pleaded $ lack of the Briton's endurance; and 'so my chief was declared the victor amid rounds of applause. He advanced for Olive to bestow her. smiles and hand him the prize. His giant strength was the crowning point in the eyes of the Golden Vale ople, which transformed him into a demi-god. They were noted for hero-worship, and my only fear was that my friend might get spoilt—for honours may transform a man into an animated body of self-conceit. However, he had the good sense to make his profound obeisance to Kana— though the effort cost him much heart-burning—and after receiving her congratulations, he pleased Lucia by handing her the prize. in. Sefiorita's eyes sparkled; but I noticed Olive's languishing look, and the soft, beautiful eyes of her Queen- mother comprehended more than the lips could utter.

The oracle was beginning to work. (To be continued.)

THINGS TEAT GIVE WAY. BUILDINGS sometimes collapse suddenly and fall to the ground—a heap of ruins, a mses of anon% brick, iron, and wood. Not infrequently such occurrences are attended with lois of life. Then the architects, the builders, and other experts assemble and meet together to find out how it happened. They give technical and learned evidence at an official inquiry; and finally a dull (and usually a contradictory) report is publishee, which few people trouble themselves to read. Mk crowd of us, we, whose souls are not lighted with wis- dom from en high, but only by commen-sense ; we say that the Wilding tumbled down because it wasn't strong enough to stand up.

Yet, while comprehensively considered, our Cew,il o the true view, it is not entirely satisfactory. Sow.* thing is wanting to it. What is that somettivg ? If you will kint.ly tackle the questionstud have the an3we ready by the tame I have copied kW. Warnss' letter, I shall be sincerely obligt

"In the autumn of 1892,' sh says, "my health gave iway. I felt heavy, weak. and low-Jpirited. My appetite was pair and after meals I ezperieleed great pain at the chest and around the hese. At times a strange sir': ng feeling came over me and it seemed as if I must fall to the y,(3.414. I was so weak that I Cr enth to do any housework and was obliged to pm.* cute

"At night I got no propor rest, the wind gathering atout my heart end keeping it all of a flutter. All my a e;ves were shaken and I bc..came strangely nerveue nd this brcuL ht on a wretched low state. I continued aike this over a year and did not think I shonld get through tho vt inter. My friends' also thought the eame "I toulc all kinds of medicines, lErat got little good from them. In November, 1893, a t ok; was left at my house and I rtad abuut Mother Seigel's Syrup. I got a b Atte of this medicine and soon fouud relief from it. I could at and enjoy my food and it agreed with me. ISoon the horrid pain sit• the/heart left me and I waS Aron?, ad well. I now keep Mother Szigel's Syrup in the houso as a family medicine. You may publish this etter if you wish and refer anyone to me."—(Signed) (Mrs.) A. Warms, Jubilee Terrace, Drayton, near No' wi ch, Naveroher 18th, 1897.

Seeing that your answer is not ready yet, I will add Mr. Bugdale's little story to what Mrs.Warnes has told us. "In the early part of 182," he writes, "my health; bean to bredk. down. I had a poor appetite, and what eve- I ate caused a sense of weight sad fullness at the chat and stomach. 1 was continually spitting up a ohms sour Sold. I watt seldom Zen tram pain, and got very little l'aip at &rbt. Often during Vie night I vow, and walkoe about Eke room.

"For over four years I suffered thus, growing weaker 4 ell the thne. I used many kinds of medicines, butt got er relief from them. I then read in a hew.paper about Maher Seigere Syrup and hpught a bottle from Mr. Cripps, chemist, at Reepham. After taking it I fe't 1

ke a new may: I could take my food and had

oos I was strong sod well and hays kept so ever sine@ Yon may publish this 'statement an you like."—(Signed) James Bees's, Black Horse Inn, Bawdoswold, sisal Norwith, November 17th, 1897.

bailiing may fall because it is badly built and b el° w the /strength the contract- specifies. That ha/ oftea happened. Again, it may fall because, although p roperly bui;t, it Is over-loaded. And that has oftese htppened. Tterefore, an answer to why a building 4 all s n.usr, after all, include details. Ma mere state.' m ent that it was too weak to stand doesn't cover the ease.

Now th e two good people wheSs letters we have res say their health gave way. Health never gives sea unless tire body is badly mataged or overloadad. There are many modes of doing thia. You may eat too muels• work to hard, or expose yourself to cold or to 5005 i cmatsg:o is disease. Then the balance—which is health —is oveithrown and you fall ill. In the above cave some cause produced indigestion with its train of evilS. , The cause, or causes, are not kco ;en to us. The sestina are denribed. As a builder, or a re-builder, Mother Seigri's Syrup set the house up again. But 'et no be 'PI watchful. Cultiva'e goad habits, and when the &et 4 bad size appears Cairo this remedy immediately to pr&. ent an o rer,hr ow.

Bownon V. STOCKTON' Ilinvia.—Played at Bowdon,t ? kome tam winning by four goals to nil aft ir a foram - ling game, ths grass being long, making the ground ve-/ slow, Bowden were without Wolff and their usual left wirg, tut cud nearly all 111 attacking, only markEd ( wehicaess in the circle stopping them from running up a ', big score. Bowden us, d their rictlit wing very frequent! I Bolt, Bailey, atd Atkinson all getting through a gres'l , dial of work, but the centres were only poorly tut li: tl,. the neceks try smartness in the circle being lacking. :T .1 viatt r.' back; and cent re half played ''n i wed. but their forwards found the Bowdon defence t:i much for them, arid they were seldom danger mg. G ' bin (two), Bailey end Moore scord goals for Bowdon. BOWDON A v. STOCH [Oa EIZATII A.—Played at Mr.s;'" rineten cu Saturday, and ending in an easy via far , i3owdon by nine enalg to one. The goals for C;v7clo: i i were scored by Whittall (four). 011anlon ((liras). Occper (two). Toe Stockton Heath goal was scon.d b. 1 one of the visitors' b yoke clering into one of his 0 • i '•;.• rivn and the ball rebounding into the net.

OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence, by Dr. Sands' Liver seed2ce dozn; eoarrtihnotnheayt wreifltuncdureed.yolu'fieotiesestedver dtaob3l4: One bottle sufficient for any ordinary case. a.botile. New Grand Discovery. Will cure: Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion. Wind on Stemach. Dyspepsia. Nervous Disorders. Sick Headaches. Female Ailments. _ . _ .

Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. Of all medicine dealers at ninepence per bottle, of Poet free upon receipt of nine penny stamps. burls Sands' Medicine Co., 25 Hart Street. Bl°"'s London. (ccrrator

ilendo.na. this paper.

I

or left ft 111. t: as. 4-

LADLES' LETTER.

Illy DaAu Nzu,no.

The colour most in vogue in the world of fashion prove to be unusually light for the winter, bright reds, vivid violets, that rich shade of Magenta known as jaoquemot, and blues of a deep, full tone being popular. They are all PO much trimmed with black as greatly to modify their brightness. There is quite an absurd run upon what is called " true-lovers' kitots," which the French know as "Louis XV. knots." They are

placed upon innumerable hats, and form the soya design of endless embroideries. They are cut otit of taffeta or velvet, and applied on other materiall, or they are twisted in the course of applications of lines and rows of braid or of velvet ribbon. In satin ribbon, too, they are effectively made by first drawing the ribbon at each edge to form a not very thick ruche, and then disposing it in the knob shape over a layer of cotton wool, so that it stands up in relief; this should not be done with velvet., as it has a heavy appearance. *

Millinery when it is at its best matches the dresses. A pretty silk or velFet hat can be Simply trimmed with a couple of rosettes, centred by a glass button, from which springs one of the new feathers composed of very thick osprey gemmed with little pheasants' eyes. Velvet is to be quite a leading feature of millinery. Hats are either trimmed with it or at entirely composed of velvet, trimmed with feathers Cr quills. There is a craze for violets in the millinery of to-day. Fur toques are fashionable trimmed on one side with violets or holly and leaves as fancy. dictates. Fashions in London are pretty much the same, at the present moment, as they are in Paris. Ihere is a lavish display of trimmings of every kind—ruchings, fringes, chenille spotted net, sequined net, ribbons, narrow velvet, with Empire bows, lace, and fur. Fur capes, mantles, jackets, sollarsi tippets, and fur muffs are in abundance everywhere. Chinchilla is much favoured. There is a tempting little shoulder #oollarette of fur, finished off at the throat with lace, and a lace bow, which promises to become more popular even that the fur boa, with which all are familiar. High nollars of fur are worn lined with silk or satin and lace. Many of them are frilled. These have rather a clumsy appearance.

Fur Jackets are very fashionable. They are lined with silk and cut in the sacque shape at the back. They are particularly becoming in the douhle•breaated style with large revere.

Grey inni-lins . and ntousselines de soie still hold their own on dry days, and look veiy nice unless a Sudden shower comes on, and then their glory departs swiftly. No foundation is really suitable except grey silk or silkettee if the dainty dove-like tint is to be preserved. A very pretty one seen recently owes some of its summer siii ability to the fact that it was not burdened w, ' flounces or _frills, but the round skirt %vs. '.5 white Valenciennes (imitation) Nee - :tore than an inch wide, above which , .4 of amber 'me ribbon, then a row o; on, followed ty four rows of the arDl)4r ..01 so on and so an till only two rows we, ,i above the last frisertion. The epaulette,. ....1 frills down the trent of the bodice were mado to match, and round .-the waist was tied a sash of wide gauze ribbon in •alternate stripes of ember and white. The sleeves ' bad small grey puffs, but between wrist and elbow 4). piece ot the sash ribbon was laid- round with !admirable effect, and finished with lace frills that looked very delicate over pale grey suede four- :button gloves. The grey silk muslins are chiefly adorned with black satin or gauze ribbon, the latter looking far more in keeping with so diap'nanous a fabric and very light black blonde :,.!ae: in Chantilly designs. . 4 ' A very stylish gown, which is suitable either for Walking or skating, is of cinnamon-brown faced :cloth, braided in a scroll design with fancy mohair and gold tinsel, and the collar, revers, and cuffs .ftre of the choicest mink tail fur. The coat is cub lrery short on the h'i ~ and it fastens invisibly 'down the front. This coatume is completed by a Cinnamon velvet hat, trimmed with black ostrich leathers and a cluster of cherry-coloured flowers in [ xrent [ Your loving Jimmy. ---_

CARTER'S LITTLE ER PILLS,

BEAUTIFUL TEETH I who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, pleasantest dentifrice in tha world. Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. tali far SOZODONT. Oa.

0 • , 1: • - , f; '''''''>of..o.. . i •.p. / / / / / 7 ' •• ' //eq.) ' / / / _ ii; • • /// . ~ .. .. ia. il ~`,;•2k,,,,k,f-4 4 • S: _.1.,t- 10 , 4N.'4Te,,,- ,'•i'o, .„,..,-, •-; . ,11k)0,0 „ , 7-- . , 10, '1 (.3---- ~ \ \,,. 41, t:' /./ qii c ' 11A\ Avid:, 0 r \ vi, $, 4., i , 0A , i ; k,,,m, / v I. 0 G''''--;!' , , t / „ , - .4, , 1 , LW'. - Em e 4 PM. ...o. Dom fox all '. Bia,,tl Price. .. 'dT MU Forty in a IVER vial. FIL ParllyVege- the .. 1-..- ....6. zable. r sallo-z Torpid Liver, Bile, Sick ii,_Complexion, and ami.e.u;eu•lialthmeLparosr,opsttlzy: edt Chemists. is. 14,C, ,A

. - kp ~,./ , . y, . .•y, .6•,,:-%;,,,„ :„.1,A4, i • ' 2. •4‘-7,4% Frf, 7 / 7 I1"/":` . 4 '•‘+ . - \\\Y/,./ • "ill

1 ..Ecialm • , , tt,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BOCKEY.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
" WOMEN'S CHAT."

On Monday last there was a large gathering of the Royal Family at Windsor Castle, and in the evening tbe Queen gave a dinner party to celebrate the birthday of the Empress Frederick—our Princess Royal. The dining room, in which the banquet was served, ia only used by the Queen when there are more than eighteen persens at table. As a rule, her Majesty dines and lunches in the Oak Room, which opens Irene the corridor, and over- looks the quadranele: A prominent object in the dining room is the large picture with equestrian portraits of the Prince of Wales, and the Duke of Connaught. It occupies a space on the West well, just above the immense sideboard,which is of rosewood, and superbly carved. Another notable fea- ture in this room is the sumptuous punch bowl with the ladle to match, which was made by Hendon and Budge for George IV. at the cast of 10,000 guineas, the bill being paid by the country. No soccer does the Queen reture from her autumn sojourn in the Flighlands,than the business of Christmas present choesing commences in real earnest. Jae now the Sovereign's private apartments are a vesitable bazaar, and the process ot selection is going mere de on. To secure just the thing which will suit each individual taste Is the great ercleaveur of the Queen, and needless to say she is invariably successful in ail, particular direction. Toys for the little ones are always well to the fore, and, it has been whispered that Her Majesty en- joys this part of the selection • above all others. Te the ladies of her household the Queen usually gives Christ- mas presents of jewellery. The Court will leave Windsor on Tuesday December 20h, for Osborne and Her Majesty is to residein te 131 e of Wight for about eight weeks. There is a sarnenese stateiy and austere about the preparations for Chi i es at Osborne. Thebaby grand- children who danced round the splendid Christmas tree a decade back, have now become demure little maids in the schoolroom, and sturdy boys in the Eton playing. fields, but other babies have taken their places,and none but their fathers and mothers, should they suddenly look in on the Christmas scene, would be aware that any chanee of persons had occurred. As with the Royal in- mates, so it is with the decoration of chapel and saloon, the gifts to kinsfolk,and to loyal rctainers,the do`e to the peer at the gates, and the menu for the table in the In- dian room, which farms the splendid banqueting hell of the day. An amusement of visitors at Osborne, the week before the 25th, is to go into the kitchens, and survey the Qrwen's plum puddings. Of these the number appears countless, for besides those made for the high table, the nurserics,the household, the servants' haleand the poor, there are rows of the great brown globes, destined as I presents for Her Majesty's relatives abroad. It is well- I known that no authentic plum pudding can be manu- factured beyond the boundaries of the British Nee, and recognising tbis fact, the Queen supplies those served on Christmas Day, en the Imperial tables of St. Petersburg, and Berlin.and on other boards round which her descen- dents gather at this season. It seems only yesterday that the engagement of the Duke of Marlteroveh to Miss Consuelo Vanderbult was first announced. In fact, it is a little more than three years since the much talked of marriage was celebrated, and the baptism of their Grace's second son took place the other day in the Chapel Royal, St. Jamee's Palace. The Duke who is now in his twenty-eighth year, suc- ceeded to the title at twenty-one. He is pstron of nine livings, owner of Blenheim, and 23,000 acres. The Duchess is not pretty, but she has a good figure and is always very well dressed. Madame Patti's marriage with Baron Cedersieem will take place in the early spring, in Wales. The Baron, a young, handsome, neilitary-leeking man, made the acquaintance of the diva at Cannes last year. Towards the latter end of the past summer, he was invited to spend seine weeksat Craig-y-nos, and it was then the engaeement took place. In the ages of the bride and bridegroom elect there is some considerable discrepancy, and—all on the wrong side. Madame Patti has pasted her fifty-fifth year, the Baron is but eight and twenty. The honeymoon, according to present arrangements, will be spent in Sweden. Among women doctors in this country, one of the best known at the present time is Dr. Muriel Maitland- King. Notwithstanding the increased demands of h-r patients, she finds time to give most interesting lectures on various phases of nervous exhaustion, insomnia, embonpoint, etc.,and has written several medical works. She has three very handsome daughters, the youngest of the trio being married to Par. Jack Humphreys. Early rising has long been regarded as the royal road to health, wealth, and wisdom, but nowadays, many eminent doctors held the opinion that too much early rising is not good for anybody, more esp,ciany children. nem° little folks seem to require a good deal of sleep,and it is advisable, so say the men of medicine, to extend to these who are usually least willing to get up in the morning, any litt'e indulgence which does not un- reasonably interfere with the rentine of the day. One of the mos eenent specialists in the world on insanity bas lately added his testimony to the theory that early rising is a most prolific C 41190 of this disease. In support of this assertion he points out the higher percentage of lunacy in the country districtsrwhere most people are early risers. He says "The early morn- ing hours,when ev -rye} log is still, are peculiarly fitted for sleep, and it is a gross violation of all the laws of nature, to tear human brains out of the sound rest they enjoy at this time." Probably the vast majority find little difficulty' ha agreeing with this opinion. Sleep is like wealth, many of us could do with a little more, and others would be equally as well with perhaps, a little less. There is not much that carries conviction in the early rising lunacy theory, but there is no doubt whatever that a little ri - laxation of rigid rules is often beneficial to adults and children alike. Both in summer and winter, most women wear too many clothes. Such a mode of procedure interferee with the functions of the skin' and renders the wearers unhealthy. Fur is a sinner inthisrespect It is tbotieh so pretty, and so becoming a trimming that it is diffi- cult to resist its charms, and whatever censors may say, it will, in all prebability,continue to be worn—in r^7son and out of noise a. Furls much introduced on all the most up-to-date evening gowns, and a slender line of beaver, or of sable, mineling with the lace at -int the shoo'ders is an embellishment not to be equalled i e effect. We who are weary of the never endues 01'e - in women's dress, have reason to love for, lec 0-e no beads or sequins can possibly be sewn on it. Green is perhaps the favourite colour just new, but the preference for one particular tint is by no means so

marked as has been the case in former Seasons. The wonatn, however, who would look healthy should grea, le affect green, as its coot .ct at once deepens whateve. , the rose nature has bestowed on her. The rudel? health v, on the other hand, can take refuge in purple,or any of its kindred tones and grey, another cold colour, relieves itself with orange—but discreetly—for a little of it goes a long way. A hat I met, acconspanyiog a grey gown, at a reception receroly, was quite a sermota in the art el manceuvring tones. The shape was in a straw of brownish grev, the wings of white tipped with' brownish grey, aod dotted with dark sequins, and the wired coils of velvet a glowing orange. Those of us who take a pride in a well-.haprd foot, should patronise a laced hoot, and never a low walking 1 shoe of any kind. Buttoned boots are not to be recom- mended. They encourage the spreading cut, and nenstaral devoloprnent et a nicely-shaped foot. It matters not how firm the buttons, they" give" the Motions of the feet, and if ,weara regularly entirely ruin a pretty ankle. Laced boots on the (Ozer hand, tend greatly to the correction el any faults a foot may possess. Now is the time to put a piece cf beef in efte for Christmas. If a round, the butcher must be asked to oat one vety carefully, and of prime beef. The follew ing spices, etc, are necessary. llb Fait ; ill) brown F,J!zal- toz. of ground whits pepper,ioz.of ground alspice.some clover; and mace, put into the oven until dried, and then pounded up. Add half a te:apooirful of saltpetre, mix all the ingredients well, and rub the mixture into the beef. Put the meat in a tub, rub every day, turning daily for the first week, and afterwards every other day. The cooking requ'res care. .A 10Ih piece needs 4 hours simmering. The water must bit before the beef is put in, and about a pint of the brine from which it is taken should also be put in. This piced beet is excellent, either hot or cold. The fat is uncernmonly good, and is liked by persons who never touch ordinary fat.

" MADGE."

&aLi=mthiA=Dzmu;

PA Mamma's *id Dress

Should not be thrown away. Buy a package of Diamond Dyes—only 6d.—and with very little labour the original freshness of the gown will be restored in another colour. It will be practically

Made New For Sixpence

Send for the dainty booklet, " Successful Home Dyeing," and 45 samples of coloured cloth, gratis and poet free, and you will learn how easy and economical It is to use

Diamond Dyes.

Sold everywhere, 3d. and 6d. a packet. Address, DIALIOXD DM, 3/ & 32 Snow Hill, London,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
• s 110 t

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
lATEFUL-COMFORTING.

• „fi 4.t., rti>, t , , ? o ‘'skuseP 11F7

BREAKFAST AND SUPPER.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
width Aktrt complete Cosh The Skirt alone

===== 0002601_18981125_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
NOURNICI Olt within 12 hours. fp by skilled fabric at Inc "

===== 0002601_18981125_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WAItIIINGTON FIELD CLUB.

At the fourtti nteeting of the current session, Mr. E.E. Lowe, assistant at the Museum, delivered:a lecture, entitled " An introduction to the study of insects,' elucidating the subject with blackboard sketches, with some simple but most effective oriLinal diagrams, and with a number of carefully mounted dis:ections, prepared by the lecturer, and illustrating the comparative rnatonty of the princi- cal insect types. In a clear and well planned address, Mr. Lowe showed how a beginner might gradually acquire accurate knowledge oC the general characters and most striking peculiarities of the principal orders of insects, whilst at the same time retaining the enthusiasm of a collector for the ' special group at which he might be working. He touched briefly on the vexed question of clear:idea- tion, end rightly recognized that, at least for be- ginners it is better to be able to practically dis-, tinguish, to which of the half-dozen great orders one's captures are related then to confuse the mind at the outFet with the intermediate forms which connect the great groups oE insects with one an- other and with the more lowly ancestral types from which all have emerged. The Field Club is particularly strong on entomology • this fact, and the reputation Mr. Lowe has already wen, brought together a full attendance. There was a long and lively discussion, during which the lecturer was wartn‘y and deservedly c3nvatelated on h's per- formance.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
NAVONAL TOAST.—" Here's to John Bu'l, Pat, r”7l. Sandy in Grent's Morelia Merry Brandy l" Aomow'—` 71. by all to be delicious and comfo.ting and well caloul,ed h its soothing properties to make all parties wovk for the bentlit of the nation. S'old everywhere.— Taos. GRANT AND Bon Maidstone. ,Makers of Lhevry Whisky. aloe Qin, &e.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE E'-/‘ YiINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.

DR 1 UG 1-ITS.

:" EXAMINER," NOVEMBER 25th, 1898).

[All communications incbiding solutions to problems, and prmilenes for Competition, must be addressed to the " Deaugbts Editor." Examiner " Office, War- rington, and must reach the office not later tban the first post on F taDAY morning. The D.aughts Rditor will be pleased to receive problems from local players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all enqairies].

SOLUTION OF PIWBLE4 No. 8. (BY MR. J. DUFFICT, Sr. L121L2143.) Black Men on 2,3, and 4. White Men on 16, 17, and 28. Black to play and win. 4-8 18-22 24-27 15-19 21-24 17-13 23-24 23-33 8 -12 2- 6 27-31 19-24 16.-11 16-19 24-28 32-23 12-13 (a)l2 -13 31-27 11-18 24-20 19-24 23-32 23-19 16-19 18-15 27-24 16-'3 20-16 24-20 32-28 12- 8 11-24 15-11 23-18 23-18 16-12 20-24 28-24 8- 4 21 -23 3- 7 18-14 5- 1 11- 8 24-19 24-19 4- 8 28-32 7 -10 14- 9 18-14 8- 4 19-24 19-24 8-it 32-27 10-15 9- 5 14- 9 4- 8 24 -27 24-19 13-8 21-23 1 i-19 6-10 1-19 8-t 1 27-32 19-24 Black Wine. 23-18 19 -24 10-15 11-16 3.1-23 24-28

a. This is now Anderson's well-known second position, the continuation i given for the benefit of those not familiar with it. PROBGEn No. 9. (SELucTEn.)

Black to play and win. GAMES.

The two following games were played between Mr. J. Ilynd, jun., and Mr. W. T. Jones in the Man- chester Central Club Taorney. GA M li No 9. " Cross " Black Mr. Hyncl, White Hr. Jones. 11-15 24-19 16 20 14-10 23-16 11-16 32-7 6 9 B—it 19-15 9-13 10— 7 27-23 16-19 17-14 *9-14 4 8 22-17 (4)8-12 18— 9 23-19 14-18 27-24 5-14 10-14 25 -22 20-27 7 3 19-10 18-25 31-24 ii—is 14-23 29 —22 1— 6 2 - 7 23-19 12-16 15-11 16— 19 6—'s 22-18 7 16 Drawn - 19-10 2 7 74-15 7 14 30-26 *o 8 (a) weak, and varies f-onl I lie Sevrari, —Jordan mat's games where titewari, ~la^s 1-6 (J. H.) * Only moves to Draw, (J. H.) OAM til .N0..10._

SIN- 61.--E CORNR,R. Bitch: M. 3ones; White Mr. Ely” 4. U-15 10-17 11-16 26-31 21-18 21-14 26 -22 (6)32-28 15-22 1- 6 16-23 31-27 25-18 23-,1 22-13 21-17 12-'6 4 3-17 7-10 27-24 29-25 31-26 14- 7 17-14 9-13 8-12 2-11 6-10 18-14 24-19 24 -19 14- 5 10 -17 4- 8 5- 9 8-11 21-14 28-24 30-25 15- 6 16-2 4 8 11 (a)11-16 24-22 2548 19-15 25-22 Drawn. 6-10 3- 8 23-26 25-21 23 - 19 27-23 (a)23-26 loses by s—l 4 tto. (J. H,) (6)32-27, 3124,15-10, 6-15, 18- 4, 21 -15..13 - 6 Drawn

E.) The following game was played in the league match, Wdrriogton C. and. D. C., Y. St. Barnabas en Monday the 11 11 i ,sr. GAME No. U. BRISTOL.

Black, Mr. F. Dunne ; white, Mr. E, J. Powell. it-16 26-22 7-10 6- 1 22-18 4- 8 18-14 18-23 16-20 (a)211-24 10-26 1- 6 25-22 14-18 30- 7 24-27 8-11 25- 7 2-11 6-10 24-19 16-23 31-27 27-31 10-14 27-18 11-15 10-15 29-25 (6) 3-23 27-23 31-26 fl-:6 18-14 20-24 21-17 151-15 12-16 23-19 13-22 9-13 22-18 1- 6 15-151 22-18 16-9 19-18 26-31 7-10 25 -22 5-14 18-25 18-- 9 8-11 10- 6 31-25 5-14 14-- 9 14-18 Mack wills. (a) We think the po&tion here is worthy of a place among our Traps lot the Unwary, and accordingly we give a diagram of it. (b) White has no draw after this rout (D.E.) TRIPS FOR THE UNWARY. No. 9.

EBL &CIC.J U VI A / A cD °I/ I, v 41 A " Us v/til • 4r/ cD IF , • 'lv • rA c:r/e4 c) -

===== 0002601_18981125_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
vw,wvvoi o:ammtSD cimstD ,I*Noo gErmr,o -(z:zzD 02=0

[IVOITJA.] Black to play and win. The solution will be founl at note a in gams No. 11. _

SOLVERS LIST.. . Previous Problem Total Score No. 7 Points WRigby, Paclate, ........ .- 2 2 4 A Albioson. bower Walton, 2 2 4 S Tavlin, Warrington, ..... 2 2 . 4 "J A W,' Warrington, S Albinson, SZockron Heath 2 2 4 ' "J R," Padgate, ......._, 2 2 4 p Wzight, Virarrivaton - 2 2 4 W Taylor, Warriogtln, E Donaghy, Padgate 2 2 4 D Plinstoo, Warrington 2 2 4 J Green, Warrington ...„ T Barnes, Sankey Bridges, „, 2 2 4 J DufEcv, St. Helens, 2 2 4 "E J P," Warrington .. ..... ..._ 2 2 4 " Clp," Warrington.. ...... A W Lawson, Warrington,— 2 2 4 J W Phaeton, Wairington, 4 J It Grieve, Warrington, ....- 2 2 R Mercer, Padgate . 2 2 -

.

2 2

PROBLEM solmNp TOURNEY.

As several of our readers have suggested a Solving I Tourney, we on.Eioatember sth commenced one. We :that give a cash prize of ss. per month to the reader who sue- eds in placing himself at the .land of the solvers' list at the end of each calendar month. u two or more competliors ;tie for the first place, the I ix ize will be ballott.l for. The winner's score will then be cancelled, the remaining competitors' points going towards the next months' com- pet. ti on. The winner may re-enter the tourney, commencing again at the ,ttom of the list. Points will be awarded se follows : Two points for the c trr t solution of a problem ; two points for correcting the author's terms; two points for showing a dual solution ; and one point for :vela minor correction. Intending competitors my enter at env time. PROBLEM CONIPSTItION. We also offer a e .st: prize of Es. 6d.. for the best original Problem sent in during the month of November, The decision of the Draughts Editor to be final in this and the solving touraey. Will competi' ors kindly note that this is the last week for sending In problems for this competition.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWS OF .TllO GA.ME.

On Saturdly la3t the Cairo-street. Draughts Crab (Warrington) paid a visit to the Rooms of the Man-

===== 0002601_18981125_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
P „, .„,„„ I. - ook " it! qt.IP is >. es ?ie.'

er:zma

Th 3 following letter, and the tw, accompany it, speak for themsel, necessary to be added is that letter was perfectly spontaneoi without any idea of publicatc portraits were sent unaske( lorroboration of his won(

1

made him—well and happy.

cheater Central Draughts Club, Royal Oak Restaur- ant, Deansgate, to play a match with their Reserve Team, the match resulting in a tie of 7 wins each awl 8 games drawn. Before the match the Cairo- street players were entertained to a very substan- tial tea by the Central players. Score :- 1 wins. csrao-ST MST. Draws. Ca. RP:SE4TC Wins. 1 S Tavlin.. 1 W MoClymont o o W Tomkinson ...... ..... 2 c Suter 1 J Grieve 1 J Hynd, sear o 0 D Plinston 0 A Hall 0 3 Green 1 W Woodcock 1 0 7 Watson 1 A Albinson _

2 /I' Wr'ght 1 W Hew itb 0 TLIM 1 1 J Sbui-t 1 T Hutchinson

On Monday evening last a match took place be - tween Warrington C. and D. C. and Penketh D. C at the rooms of the Warrington club, Warrington winning the match by the narrow majority of one game. Score :

~, WINS. W &it RINGTON. DRAWS. PENICIEtEr. WINe. 2 P Dunne 0 B W Cl' rke 0 0 3 Robeets 1 R Kerr 2 P Walsh 1 P' WarlAntla 0 G Clarke 1 W Warburton . 1 11' PeNall 0 *0 J H Railton 0 R Weigh' 2 0 P G Taylor 1 J Rossi.„„. 1

6 3 *Absent, two games forfeited according to' rule.

The small diarati will enable our readers to understand the nota- tion by which the moves of the game are recorded. Black occupies the squares numbered 1 to 12 aid white those nun- bsred 21 t, 3. The figures thus (1145) indi- cate that a move is made from and to the square] so numbered. Black has the opening move and . the pairs of figurss lite t 9 the close.

"Eller Vale, On the 20th March, .18' sly ill; the docto monia, pleurisy heart. t of different doctors, b emed to g 6 9T, gradually sank. I tried every sort of patent medicines, but all, and after four month of suffering, and being waite night an removed to the infirmary as nly was eight weeks in the infirrn an 'ncurable, my case (they said) only being a as I was gradually getting weaker aker. it, was now c I tha ast. could not last much longer, friends h together eight boxes, d everything they could possibly think from taking the 'eve me, and when my wife was rst box I gradually gained try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ngth and appetite. I ople, she only shook her soon got well, and got to stir said it was no use about, to the wonder of everybody, more. She was, but kept on taking a !s till I revailed upon ,AK started to work, which vs weeks as strong and healthy as box, and I ever I was. The only thing regret is that I did not get the pills sooner: was this :i:,"7:t•V I can confidently recommend them as having saved ray life, and will always speak my life, ' praise of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I send you photographs, I got -my condition before and after recovery.—Yours faithfully,

1 as Dr. WI Warns' Pink Pills

1 " SAITUEL 3101ULLE11." ;

I „:,-- gi Wg PI ' ; r• '.. 1 ,\ • a 'k‘\ ,\ ii,,,,/,,,,. \4, \\•; g,\4,. i j :, 1 senom 1 - .7 Mr. McMullen as he was—nearly dead of se; pneumonia, pleurisy, and heart disease. . -if no ay' 3d on the a ary, onl.

t any bettl

1 , . lei' time, r I Itrioi , of to roll asked to , 'for Pale Pet head and , trying any 1 however, k to try one can say it that saved 1 in w Before through the first showing 1 box I felt a ~,,,.., '''• , changed , s+•.. 44.0 0, •,,,,,,,/ ~, kvar/ exti 1 „ Pink Pi j 7 46, Holbo) genuine an, I.,,,F•t4.ioloonstfa VEZIZO C=o OZZZUD tr3=3l3

onsidem My

certain

*7 c' m 44/

!e pit I did fl

vu.,Brai 131' 0 8 113 In ' E 3 -0 0 ,Ell ca 'DG. `4rflatelY to Elm:oc Mid Vrhi

Gv=rs2 023730 'k re 9 , I t•N f, re ,a. pictures which _yes. All that is Mr. McMullen's ;,..-",';' •••• ' s us, and written .ion. The two id, merely as Lderful recovery: C (1 \144 . on Harrington. k .195, I was taken )PS treated me for Q4ttie.2'4". t • f e , , and also weaknesslSO 1 I was under the treat- / ' -.., ut never 1 ')ut ~t° -,;:::,,,,,..,, ....I._ k , s .454 man, •.-- ...‘tt ,4,.., 100rm.v.,, ,d day, I was , and my -,AttV 0,1 ,i, '• if,-1; chance .I had. 1 ' friends \\ d sent home as saw clearly , , qUeStiOn #te, they had got , 14,,g.t,. and 0 the right thing '( 110\ . 13,d s+-'',*• all ~ \'\',,, 1 , 1 (,11R \\,,ci_D "/ la lir j\t\ 1 52 c fil 1 if , ,r,, i , )1, ~, -... ill ik,r stre, 1i I \. ~ . ~,, .; \. . Mr. McM,dlen - , have

===== 0002601_18981125_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
0U Et LOCAL-0 tf U RC If NS.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CfIURCFI. On S inday at thie place of worship the Rev, H. G. Roberts M.A. preached is special sermon to young men by request of the Y.M.C.A.. There was an excellent congregation. Mr. Roberts took for his text " See if ye eaniust find a man." 5h chopter Jeremiah, Ist verse,and at the outeet describe I the state of Jerusalem. Vice walked her street:s. God had spoken many times through the centuries and roused up deliverers who by their heroisms and triumphs vindicated the divine choice in the Rational trust. Tneip was no doubt an element of pessimism in that expression. Ho denounced pessimism i and showed that t crippled the potential forces of the mind and soul. There was much pessimisms even in the present day. D ,rtebrowed prophets looked to the horizon and predicted stormy weather for our nation. As they looked at home and abr-i.d, there was much in kind. The unchailling East must pass thrllnh its revolution. Chino, the last of the barbaric sovereign- ties of the East mat pass through her revolution, sad notwithstanding the many fears and apprehensions they hoped the change!, of the. Etst and the tragical parable of Khartouen would receive their highest interpretation in the unfolding of Christian history. England's glory did not depend upon WPAIth or the energy or pluck of her sailors and soldiers but upon the righteousness of her policy, it was a good thing in this age of superficiality to be brought back to the stordy simplicities of life. It was a good thing to emspbasise that word—man. Then he referred to the caricatures that they had. One could net walk with his eyes open without stping strange types of juvenile manhood struttinit up and down the Sabbatical promenade of Warrington as if the eyes of Europe were fixed upon them and who found their pleasure on Sunday in contemptible levities and tomfooleries. Then the preacher referred to the popular standard of manhood —the physical. He would not say one word to dispar- age the games that braced the physical form, as after the labour of the day the working man required some source of recreation. There were public houses and gin palaces, publichouses will music licenses, with their vulgar buff coaery always open, yet places of worship were periodically closed for the week. It was the duty of the church to control and direct amuse- ments into pure and holy channels. Religion was never designed to make their pleasures less. No man was in his right mental condition to consider the difficult problem of recreation on Its highest ground until be had surrendered himself to God It was a delusion that theatre going, dancing, and card playing were the only form of worldlinees. Those Pharasoical people who tkought that they at any rate were free from worldliness because they never went to the theatre, danced, or played cards, made a mistake, because some of the most intensely wicked worldly Wesleyans he had ever known had never done any of those three things and had been boasting they were not as other men were. The preaches then gave a definition of genuine manliness, and closed by asking the young men to take a deeper inter- est in the moral and social welfare of tee town. Let them stand shoulder to shoulder and sweep the town of its intemperance, gambling, and impurity, for it seemed that the liquor trade had got its foot down on nearly every agency. Let them have generations of young men who would fear God and keep his commandments, and the future promsrity of Warrington was secured, and they would be emoncipated trim its toils, which bad blighted so many of their townsmen. Miss Hannah Brough sang two solos with excellent

===== 0002601_18981125_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
apply anon

WEIRT 07.1.11Z1)

Mr. McMullen was not a substitute, such as is sometimes offered by retailers who care more for a litt!e tra profit than the health of their customers. It was the real pills, bearing all seven words, "Dr. Williams' 'ills for Pale People." In case of doubt it is better to write direct to Cr. Williams' Medicine Company, Irn Viaduct, London, EC., enclosing the price, 2s. ed., or for six boxes, I3s. 9d.; but the pills are lywhere if the package bears

===== 0002601_18981125_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL THE SEVEN ITDS. c:=11, G==f) cmrizO c=azlD c=r2sl) cimnr2)• uzzof2

taste and an anthem was rendered by thg choir in a creditable mannt.r. WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

In the unavoidable absence of Ex-Quarter-Master Sergeant Rkerts,the chair at the meeting of this society on Sunday was occupied by Mr. William Beswick. After referring to a recent newspaper correspondence on "WhV people don't go to char eh" he proceeded to speak on "Faith." Mr. Grorge J. B:awn delivered the address. He based his remarks on the text "And a wan shall be as an larding place from the wind, and a covert from the tempest ;as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shaaow of a great rock in a weary land" Isaiah 32c., 2v. After a reference ta the times in which Isaiah lived, the speaker said it was right and proper fir them to ask in how far were they in their lives trying to carry out the teaching of the text. There were hundreds who needed extricating from their evil surroundings,and this was a work in which they might engage. They often sang "Rescue the perishing, care for tas dying " but did they do so? He concluded by asking them to make their lives one of service and Christ would give them their reward. The soloi.t for the afterrion was Mr. William Parker. The service was also taken part in by Mr. T. Wallington (secretary), Mr. Hawthorn, and Mr. S. Row- lands.

of the Hon. Misses Wilson-PAtten, and £lO has alio been received from Messrs. Pearson and Knowles for the enlargement of Elles.m,re-s'reet school.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTIIE riN UNION COUNTY CfIAMPIONSHIP.

CFIESHIRE v. CVNIBERLAND.

The Runcorn football ereund vets the scene of the encounter between representative teams of Cheshire and Cumberland in the Northrrn Union Ceuntirs Champion- ship, on Saturday last, but as events turned out the match did not prove as great an attraction as expected, and when the game commenced there wag but a poor gate present. The following were the teams Cheshire : Back, S. Hoggarth (Stockport) ; three- quarters, F. Seville (Stockport), T. Warder (Runcorn), Worsley (Stockport), W. Robinson (Stockport); halves IL Finlow, (Altrinchsm), B. Borth (Stockport) ; for. wards, S. Walker (Runcorn), A. Tayler (Run, n-0), V. Lightfoot (Runcorn), C. Holmes (Birkenhesd Wan- derers), F. Gaylmr (Runcorn), F. Ward (Lestoce Gralatn), J. Davidson (Stockport), Sitnister (Stockport). Touch judge, Mr. J. Ashler (Altrincham). Cumberland Back, W. Eagere (afillom) ; three- quarters Joseph Young (Millorn), John Woitehead T Fletcher (Seaton and Oldham). Mandle (Maryport) ; halves, S. Northmore (Millem) and J. D. Wharton (Mille* •, forwards, E. Knowles (Millets), Robinson (Moryport), J. McLaughlin (Workington), J. -Atkinson (Werkineton), W. Young (Marsmort), H. Nixon (Broekland Rover.), M. Linton (Seaton), and D. Wdson (Wath Brow). Touch judge : Mr. J. fluntreds (Werkingten). Referee : Mr. J. P. Smith,Widnes eLeneaseire). Taylor ate! ted for Cheitere, and Hoggatth returned. Cumberland followed up and some scrambling play re: stilted. Lightfoot got po,session, but being taokled spoilt a pretty movemeet with a pan forward. The Cumberland thr,e-quarters Whitebead, Fletcher, and !dandle got agoing, Warier made a remarkable stoppage by good tackling. Lightfoot received and the Cheshire forwards were making a little headway when another forward pass rendered their efforts abortive, free kick against Cheshire gave Cumberland a further chance. eloggarth put in a fine run and a minute or so later Taylor got a geo i position far Cheshire with a , fine mark. A p-nelty against Curnberla,d resulted in Saville kicking badly. Ileggarth had h ael lines with an ineffectual dr le. Cheshire got away from the visit- ing forwards, only, however, to come to grief under the golendid tecklieg powers of Eeeers, who got in some flee solid work. Passing smartly. the Ceeshire team were about gettiese away, when Young intercepted* pass meant for Roeinson (Ceeehirel. After running a few steps, he dropped the ball an) dribbled,finally kick- ing past Worsler and Hegearth and accomplishing a , superb run which *acted in a ti•vritorioug try. The kick at goal failed, bataz a no,serable attempt. Worsley was next conspicuous and a lot of ground was gained by Cheshire. Simister needs a capital mark. A penalty against Cumberland shortly after resulted in Saville dropping a fine goal. k few minutes of excit •rnent were witnessed on the Cumberland goal-line and for a tin the exertion' of Savel were tee chief atteection. Eagers was perfectly sefe and k •pt all danger away. Play was a little more open when half time arrived. Score : Cheshire 1 goal (2 paints) ; Cureberlend, 1 try, (3 points.) From the re-start Warder wee congpieueus and almost got away. Cumberland were hard ressei ler a time and Saville was again fairly on the job. A penalty against Cumberland resulted in Savllle dropping a goal, which was raceisme with rou,iee cheers. Following this the same Warr made a caniiiitt mark and almost dreppee a secoad goal, only missing by a few incheg. Warder followed witk another mark, and Comberland, but for their very smart tackling, vould have had a sorry time of it. Eeeers came to tee rescee with intrepid dash and skill, bnt was forced to clear into touch, still he gained a lot of ground. Finlow was prominent with some doge*: and attain Cheshire had a go for the Cum. berland line. Hoggarth wee next visited and was com- penal to kick dead. Danger being averted a move was made by Lightfoot and flayter for the Cumberland line where anctOsr prolonged visit was paid. A little ease- ment followed through the exertions of Fletcher and but it was not long before Cheshire were again accomplishing exciting things in the Cumberland twenty.. five. Saville cleared this 11 N-lea back agile when they were beeinning te exert thernselvee witn considerable determination. Fletcher 7nade a line running catch, and dropped from over hell way, only missing by a shade. The kck was one ef the fine,t witnessed for some time. Shortly afterwtris the finish came and a spirited and exciting vele requited Cheshire 2 goals (4 points) ; Cum eeelen 1 1 fro, (3 points).

W.* itte Itl tr la * * * 2 ,000 . 0 0 0 * , ~,i,„, , Yea, two-million people drink * BROOKE, BONDS' TEA * *every clay. Do ring the last four mouths. Brooke, * *Bonds' have sold more tea than ,he' ever so'd before fa env other four months gor throughout mill their previou., nine-and- * 011100, twenty years or trading. These two great facts are the best possible proofs that 414.4. * Brooke, Bonds' 'lea is Britain's best. SOLD BY AGENTS KVERYWHERE, IT * 10d, 1/-, 1/4, 1/8 & 2/.a lb. i mh• BROOKE, BOND, 8c Co., VIC ' * LIMITED, 4g Tea Merchants by a People. Pn, Th intment to e ilk * * *Act, lar3c * jks lits 30C

===== 0002601_18981125_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
CLOSING OF THE WiRRINGFON PARISH CHURCH BAZAAR.

OVER £l,OOO REALISED. On Saturday, the eoncludine day, the Warrington Parish Church Bazaar held in Parr Hall in aid at the church schools and missions was opened in the presence of a large company by the Mayor and Mayoress (Alder- man J. Rand Mrs. Wright). The RECTOR said that the total amount realised up to date was £920. They must not forget, however, that they needed another £l,OOO in the immediate future It was a very groat pleasure to do honour tc the Mayor and Maysiess on that imeortant occasion. He felt justly proud that the two first duties wh oh the Mayor nad inaugurated his new year of office were attending service at the Parish Church and opening ehe Parish Church Bazaar. (Applause.) Miss Nellie Dunn then presented the Mayoress with a t radsome bouquet , and the Mayor received from Master Tarn Crain a bound copy of the bazaar hand book. The MAY" in declaring the bazaar open, expressed the pleasure it atTorded hien to perform the duty. He thcareht if thanks were due to anyone they were due to the lady workers. For months past they had been work- ing early and late for the bazaar, and he had no douot the result would be very gratifying, to them. He did net know how sufficiently to thank their neighbours both in Cheshire and Lancashire for coming and helping them. Without ths;r valuable help they would never have had success. Before the end of the day they would be able, he thought, to say that they had realised all they ex- pected, and probably more besides. He was pleased to notice that some of their Nonconformist friends had at- tended the bazsar,and very kindly eiven what help they could, (Applause.) Mr. W. E. ATKIN proposed a vote of thanks to the M yor and Mayoress, and thoueht they might fittingly co I2le with the vete a vote of cengratulatiou to the Mayor on his recent re-election to Vie can', aid duties he had so honourably and so courteously filled for the last twelve months. At a meeting held the night before the baeaar opened reqlests were made to the Mayor which to say the least ot them were not modest. rhe Mayor,thowever, was unieldshly kind enough to do all he could to lend a dignity to the welcome they wished to give to the Duke an I Ductless of Westminster. The Mayor's duti 1, apart from what he might call the semi- s eat frictions he attended, such as the opening of a bazaar, left him withlue any spare tims, and thereforelfs VV^l deservem of their very hearty thanks For the great personal self-sacrifice of time and convenience he he' made for them. (Applause). The Rev. G. W. D:ckenson, in seconding the vote, id that when they asked the Mayor to attend on the openire day in state he most kindly consented to do so, and tney were very grateful. In teat and many other ways he bed earned their sincere thanks. (Applause). Tile motion was heartily carried,and the Mayor havinz briefly :r3turned thanks, a verse at the National Aethern was sung and the sale; were resumed. There was a large attendance during the afternoon and evening. Before the leaner coed at night the RECTOR an- nounced the proceeds of the day's saies,which were £256 malting a • !and total of £1,170 for the four days. Ha also thanked the fellow;ng for their assistance at the bazear i—The committee and secretaries and treasurer. and the Rev I A Markham ; the stall holders, including Mrs Creik, Miss Boyle, Mrs John White (ref reshment stall), the Misses White, and Mr; Willis, the latter also for looking after the correspondence ; the performers, 17'..157 R H P Ash (Appleton Thorn) and family, Mr Wil- liam S Weeds (orgenee), the Regimental Band from Orford Barracks, and the theatrical company—Mrs Broadtent and family, Mr Rethbone and Mr Arthur de Willis, the officers at tee door, Sergeant Price and Mr Cooper, and the tadesmen and real- dents of Warrington for their decorations. The vieltors, including the Nonconformists, and the clergy were also thanked ; the donors, Mr. R. A. Naylor for supplying the wood work, Mr. John Crosfield and family in making good the amount which was stolen and for their work throughout the bazaar •, also Mrs. and Miss Lyon for supplying the carriage, Miss Rigby and the Messrs. Owen for supplying bouquets, the I openers of the bazaar, th , Duke and Duehees af West- minster, Mrs, Cornwall Legh, the Hon. Mrs. Gerard- Diceonson and his Worship the Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Wright), and the public officials, including the police officers,the sword and mace bearers. The Press were also thanked for reporting the proceed- ings. A cheque for £lOO was rec&ved from Messrs. Walker and Son early this week towards the bazaar schools fund, making a grand total f £1,270. The constnitte. feel very grateful to Messrs. Walker for their kindless& Mrs. John White on Tuesday received £lO from each

===== 0002601_18981125_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ME

===== 0002601_18981125_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
*-

===== 0002601_18981125_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

MI

===== 0002601_18981125_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Ein 44 Ora/nutty" gorrtes

OS LANC ASH'S AND CEDDDTIRE COUNTY NE WSPYPERS: Comprises

rrHE Warrington and Mid-CheshireExaminer, pub- Ushed every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and .Yewton Examiner,: published every Friday afternoon. _ THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday Afternoon. rr HE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning,

THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning, PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS:TO'BE:LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEYWANTED, SPEC? TIC ARTICLES YOK,SALE BTCPRITATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.

HOTHES AND OTHER Painting TO BE LET OR SOLE. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_18981125_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
SomtUtt 4erbants, Scr.

.------- - ------ - WANTED, strong young GENERAL. small family ; £l5. Gamut BANE, Roebuck-lane, Sale.

, WANTBD. I7SBFUL-11BLP or good General.—Apply, THE Irtnattaaa. Congleton, Cheshire. _ _

GiIfiRRALS, reliable; any number can have good places, at once.—Mrs. GRAY, Itegistry Office, 42, Cross-street. Bale.

ANTED, a strong young WOMAN to assizt in laundry werk.—Apply Dirs. GORE, Ddab-lane. West Derby,

Liverpool.

WAN IED, e ,antry GIRL ; must be clean add honest; age 15 or 16.-150, UPPER LLOYD-STREET, Moss tide, Manchester. _

WANTED, a S EKVANT GIRL, about 17 ; wages £.12. Apply Ir 4 John REDFORD. Mount Pleasant.Walmers- ley, near Bury.

WANTED. respectabls GENBRAL SERVANT, between 20 and 40; good home. —26, CHLDWICIL MOUNT, Evertou Valley, Liverpool.

WANTED, young country GIRL. willing to train.— Write or apply 11 to 12 noon, 37 Dowsitia-antEaT, -dwick, 11/Lanche3tur. 'ANTBr

Air4TED young GL. IR thoroughly clean and respect- able as General. Apply, Mrs. HouediTos,Ben-Rolme, Rough Green, near W.dnes -- QERVA.NTS with good references can have first-class places applying to I,ItLEcT REGlErralr, 718, Stockport-road. Manchester.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
_ by, Longsigth

WANTBD"-GIRL, about 20, fond of children. State wages and references. Address letter 101, BICILLEY- STREET, Zaoss Side, Blanchester.

WANTED. a respectable girl as GENERAL SERVANT, or young glrk to train ; country.--EnTow, Woodcock Hall, Newburgh, near acuthport. _

===== 0002601_18981125_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
W" "-",IE-GP,' Kb/ ' '

AnTBD. uOOK-GErleibAL. in small family; some washing; hous.maid kept ; good remains& ; Pro- testsnt.-46, PAST ST., Southport.

WANTED, thorough young GENERAL. Apply lint by letter, stating, wages, references and all particulars. JACKSON. 56, Hawkshead street. Southport.

'W ANTED, for Shop, to live out, strong active GIRL to make herselr generally useful • age 13 or 14. Apply No. 49, WINWICZ-STNEET, VirarringtOn.

- WANTED NURSE, for young children. neellewornan ; good references essential; Churchwoman.—lirs. '.XLAI4D, Lilleshall Vicarage, New port. Shropshire. WANT"- -

BLA.

STD. strong active GIRL, for farm; age 18 to 20 ; must be able to milk ; good wages given.—Apply Mrs Tot Ur..t.os. Garnett Fold Farm, Over Hutton, Bolton.

SBEVANTS' Registry Office, conducted by Mn. GAHALDE, Pest Office, lthosym. dre, North Wales; best medium; reliable and well counscted. Stamp for reply and terms.

WANTED Genecal bBILVANT, for Public-house. Age about 2J to 25. Good reference requ:red, wages EIS. Country girl preferred. fare. UOUGHTON, Prince of Wales, Button, bt. Helens.

• WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, of au work foie. small family of lour, (grown up). good references required, good wages.—Apply, tiATsaaLL. 7,..-ark Terrace, Waterloo, near Liverpool.

A.NTILD, COOK GIiffERAL ; immediately, about 30; VT must have good rderences, trustworthy and respect- Ible; four in family; wages £l6.—Write Man, LAIDLAY, 7. f3onserville, deacombe, Cheshire.

Nil ALE and FIiMA.LM NUMBS aIediTUTION, 70, Hope- -1./.1 street, Liverpool.—Bstablished 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegr,ph.—•• Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, fo7o

CIVIL SERVICE. VALUABLE GOVERNMENT APPOINIMENTE ()PEN TO ALL. YOUNG MEN, 15-25 • YOUNG LADIES. 15-20, Full detui in ' THE CIVIL SERVICE GUIDE' post free from _

S RERRY'g-ZOLLEGE, The greatest tutorial institution in the United Kingdom. BEE ITS NINETEEN YEAR'S RECORDS.—" THE MOST BRILLIANT SUCCESS EVAR ACHIEVED IN THE HISTORY OF CIVIL SERVICE COACHING." ADDRESS :-5, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

-DON'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—UST, DON'T COUGII—USE There is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. tine lczenge alone gives relief ; can be taken by the most delicate. KEATING'S COUG a LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUG-11 LOZENGES.,

If you cannot sleep for coughing, ono eating's Lozenge will set you right. Any Ductor will CAI you they ate UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. IJITERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere In tine 130. each, or free on receipt of stamps, from TM/MAN KEATING, Chemist, London.

B ASSIN.ET TES

MAIL CARTS

===== 0002601_18981125_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
DIRECT Flioll THE NIBXER,

HARR OP'S lA BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTRS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTRS HARXOP'S FOR BASSINHITHS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASsINETTES HARROFS FOR BASSINETTR3 HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTR3 RARROP'S FOR RASSINETTBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTE CHRAPIIIST HOUSLIE THE TRADE

ARROP'I3, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOL..

NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES MONET—Absolutely without Bill of Sale. Publicity, or Fees, from one raonth to Ave years. TE NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3 COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS-STREET, Established 1372. MANCHESTER. Capital. £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persona in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily en borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge ecliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual oojectional Loan Once routine is entirely disoensed with. Apply in strictest comionee to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, Resident Manager. NOTE.—SPECIALLY RADVANTAGEOUS TERMS for LOANS on LIFE INS UGANCE POLICIES. RRVERSION and SECOND MORTGAGES. NoTR.—NO PERLIMINARY FEES.

Oipartmento, k eurnisbeb Rloustg.

I YTHAM.—HoweaD, Peniche House, 20. West Beach; ..1.1 sunny south rooms; special accommodation for invalids.

TPOLACKPOOL.—SUPERIOR APARTMENTS for Winter _V months ; with or without board; terms moderate. ROBINSON 19, Alexandra-road. South Shore.

COMFORTABLE FURNISHED APARTMENTS. Beauti- fully situated for winter months. Terms moderate.— HADDON, 15, Walker-road, Harrogate Yorkshire.

tlbt:g9thrit, stt.

Top AT MARE, 15-2. Sound. Sell cheap or exchange for one 13-2.-31, STOCKTON-ROAD, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Man- ch ester.

oalrs bp Vrtbate Ertatp.

Tut EX vINE-N, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Manta.

AGENTS WANTED t• push first-class Machinery Oils.— Liberal Commission; Box, 31,Post Office, Liverpool. GOOD MASONS WANTED; two years' job.—Apply Moss AND SON, Borough Asylum Extension, Leicester.

W A Am7T EADsztaTnoNAPP Chemist, REN r 2 Bia time ey fsotrresettudVzagri:ienniton:

QT. PAUL'S HUNTLHY SCHOOLS, Bury.—WANTED, at 10 once, ASSISTANT-MISTRHSS ; £so.—Apnly Vicar.

ST. JOHN'S GIRLS', BURY.— Wanted. ASSISTANT. £5O; if certificated £7o.—Apply HEAD MISTRESS.

, 20 PLASTERERS WANTED, 10d. per hour. Apply Rowavritaat. Contractor, New Infirmary, Cambridga- road, Bethsal Urea% London, E.

WASTED, Chief rents and Eligible Mortgage Securities; quick reply and completion.—J. H. Genus, 49, Spring Gardena (corner Fountain-street), Manchester.

BIEMINGRAM GOODS.—Everything for dealers, fur- rashers, clubs. &c, ;Agents wanted; wholesale book free. —Write HENRY' :%IA.Y, Factor, Birmingham.

ANrED. immediately. CERTIFICATED ASSISTANT- VTMISTRESS; aol-la; /tate .alley required. Apply Rev. FATHER SUTHERLAND, Turistall, Staffs.

QT. SIMON AD S. JUDSS' SOUTHPORT.—ASaIST- A) ANT (50) for Standtrd U. Goad dis:iplinarian, needle- woman and Churchwoman. Vs.—Address MISTRESS.

rrOBACCONISI.B Commencing.—Seeld. Guide (259 .1. pages) 31. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co., 186, Huston-rd., London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr. H.MINLBS.

A GENTS WANTED; unprecedented terrna ; attractive -CA Christmas Novr.lties.—LONDON GOLDWIRE WORKING COMPANY, 34. Jervis-road, London, S.W. Samples shilling.

rftigtofl.

TO LET.-61,PRIEBTLEY-STREET,WARSINGTON.goOd corner 13110 P Mr. K. Lowe, Eetate agent, 1, Bank- treet, Warrington.

rro LbT. COTTAGES oft LOVILY-LANL rents 4,. Apply 1_ ASHTON and WOODS, solicitors. Horsemarket-it., War- rington. lIOUSB.—Sia-roomed HOUSE to be LIST. 14. Worsley- street, off Folly-lane.—Apply 67, Wiswicic-no.a.n, War. ringtim.

910 LET.—LARGE ROOM, Urford-street ; rent £20,- 1 Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, 801161t011, Rorsemarket-et., Warrington.

O LBT. SHOP. with LARGE ROO* over, in Orion-it., J. rent a.—Apply ASHTON AND WOona, bolleitors, Horse- market-street, Warrington.

DI REMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— I_ Apply ASTON AND WOOD& Solicitor., Horsemarket-st, Warrington.

rib 0 LNT. —H 0 USE, No. 48. Parker-street.—Apply S- ASHTON. AND WOODS, Solicitors, Norsemarket-street, Warrington.

W OMEN'S AILMENTS. I RREGULARITIRS. de.— 1.44), , hAving tried in vain every advertisetl remedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, widen will act in a few hours, no matter how tubboni the case. Bona-fide sufferers can get It FREE of sHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment Cith Worthless Pills, Mixtures Coxes, and other injurious wostrums. Write at once with full HOYE and CONFI• DBNCE to Mrs. 0 ST. CLAIR, 48, Southampton Banding, Chancery-lase. London.

WANTBD, to Purchase Second-hand MILNBi'S, CHUBBS', or CHATWOOD'S SAFBS.--Bnwanna AND Co., 108, Whitechapel Liverpool: A MBRIOAN Rolled Gold Wire BROOCHBS, any name, LA.. made to order. Price is. Bd. asob.—Bonuara, Pier. Southport.

()N SALB, very cheap, good OMNIBUS tor two or three horses.— ASHCROFT, Roby MI, Upbollend, near Wigan.

riIIWO Useful HORSES for Sale, cheap. suit auy work. .1 Apply Josmit SENIOR, farmer, Barton Moss, near Patricroft.

PARROTS, Green and Grey, with cages, 251. Trade _L supplied on the shortest notlee.-1-Limatase, 75, Park- lane, L:verpool.

DIOO.—HOW I make £lOO ye any from 25 liens kept in di confinement, pamphlet, le M.—Returns, 69, George- street, Oxford.

OUT and Rheumatic kills, Certain Cure. absolutely: kJ' New Remedy. send Is. for 20 doses.—STEwsitT, 37 Plantaganet street, Cardiff. IRISH TBRRIBR kiRINDLE PUPS, show dogs. really I. good quality, and very cheap.—Virrnar HolToE, Vale- rJad, Woolton, Liverpool.

1311BBBICIEB closes all small punctures in tyres Auto- matically, quite harmless; is per bottle. post paid. IL Maiussorrum, 81. Market-street, hiancaester.

PILES. Hundreds successfully cured by BASELIB, the great physician's discovery. Wov h £l. Post free Is. id. SPEDDING, Bone-setter, Batley, 'Forks.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
PETER COTTON.

ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil sheete, (so., ao, -- TENTS and MARQUHRS for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &a., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET,

WARRINGTON.

difiontp.

43 uhlttattorio.

WARRINGTON DEABLATIO SOCIETY. IHE MAGISTRA.TE."

AT TA E

ROYAL COURT THEATRE. IN AID OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY. DECEIIBER 7Ts, BTa, AND 9TH. ARTHUR BROWNE. Hon. secretary and Treasurer.

31/otels.4, In)bro0, loarbing 05tab5.

LORDOI4. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, ELSTON SQUARE. Hostig COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors. -

smotko, i3usintscito, etc.

,(SMALL CONFECTIONEItY Big LIS- POSIM OF.-294, DEANtiGITE, Manchester.

( INE of the Best CHIP and FISH BUSINESSES for sale. Profits £3 per week. Price £6).-31, ELMWOOD-ST., Burnley.

VISIT CHIP SHOP.—Two Stoves, rent 5s 91. £1.6 or beat 1: offer. 25, BAGLA.N.STREET, Every.street, Aucoats, Manchester.

DEMONS wanting BUSINESSES of any description TO 1 LET or SELL write HoPituisoN, WHEEL, & Co., 37, Cross.street, Manchester.

-PRIED FISH and CHIPS.—MABBOTT'S Champion Ranges and Potato Peelers, aso shop on wheels for outdoor ; 24 page list free —5l. LEVER-aT„ Manchester.

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is \positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most delicate. It will Cure the most obstinate oases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed in every case however long standing. THOUSANDO OF GENNILTINE TESTIMONIALS. Is. 9d. ; post free ad. extra. To be had only C. DEAN, MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113, Gray's Inn Road, Lendon,,WPO

THREE New high-claa Steel Vertical Stearn BOILERS. 2 1_ to 8 horse-power.—C. I3ooTrt and Co., 42. Park-lane.

FITTS'S FOR CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS.— AU tiritish made. Largest, best, and cheapest stock. AstoundiLg value. Grandest disp:ay ever seen.

Telepticne Zio. 65. e ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, age to announce that he has removal hie Offices to the mo

_....- ..... convenient premises NO. 11 BA.NK STREET, The Wound Moor of the ceutre3 Safe Rauh

DR. sccars PILLS

Contain the finest drugs that can be procured.

_ DR. SCOTT'S pILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. SCOTT'S pi LLS Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT S plus

Stren—gthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS The Best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified I)R. SCOTT'S pILLS

Qa be taken at any time without danger from wet or cold. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS

Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be p&rsuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine Instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped In a square green package

TOW LE'S CH LORODYNE BENOWNF.D FOR TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S IILORODY NE ASTHMA, BrAsms. &e. TOWLE'S iILORODYNE 131 d. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE MANCHESTER.

COOPER AND CO. HIGH CLASS JAMS AND JELLIES.

JAMS AND JELLIES. UNRIVALLED FOR QUALITY, PURITY,

AND FLAVOUE. MADE ONLY FROM FINEST SELECTED FRESH FRUIT AND PURE CANE SUGAR.

PER 2133. JAR. APPLE' JELLY 56 BLACK CURRANT JAM... ..... ... 9D. DAMSON JAM ........ .. _. _ ...... 71. G OOSEBERY JELLY., 7l). R ASPBERRY JA M STRAWBERRY JAM MARMALADE, SCOTCH MARMALADE, HOME MADE 612 D.

JARS CHARGED D. EXTRA. SAME ALLOWED WHEN RETURNED.

Central Warehouses—

GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON,

Local Branch

4 BUTTEMIARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

Cbr " Oraminer " atnes

OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Mi -Cheshire Examiner, pub.. lished every Saturday morning. THE Barks/own and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rrHE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27 Os. 9d. ... is. ICd. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. Od. ... 2e. 6d. ... 4e. Od.. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. ld. ... se. O. 54 ls. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No adverthe 'neat inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

the acti, etc(

kir th(

go is po by

itidd desi the oth( fere itdo arri eoui thei this Poll to h tsapp Bpi/ trel The be con, the hat( offiE ;lc belt con the cgr abs Ttit dig thE its f th to co si (1, r 2' 1 t, t 0 v a a 1 1 1

===== 0002601_18981125_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
TEN Hydraulic CAKE PRESSES and one Boomer Press, in good order.—At C. BOOTH AND Co's., 42, Park-lane, Liverpool.

FILTE PRBsSES, one each 141 n. 241 n, and 30in, secondß hand.—At C. BOOTH AND Co's., 42, Park-lane.

OXE Pair 37in Hydro EXTRACTORS, with Engines at- tached, by Manlove, Alliot, and Co.; a bargain.—At C. BOOTH AND Co.'s, 42, Park-lane.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
,-2,atell OP 9.urtton,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ME EXAMINER.

NOVEMBER 25th, 1893.

ONE of the most experienced The Law of. of grand juries, being asked Evidence. their opinion on the working of the new Law of Evidence, have declared that it tends to the conviction of the guilty—by which is meant that it nroduces a larger percentage of convictions than could be obtained by ordinary methods. Sir HARRY BODKIN POLAND, ill his appreciation of the Act in a letter to the " Times' —he was one of its extra-Parliamentary sponsors —has also been forced to admit that it has pro. duced a very large increase in perjury. This will continue until offenders find that their falsehoods will, if detected, afterwards be made the subject of a fresh indictment as a warning to the public. In New South Wales that has been done, a prisoner, who obtained his acquittal by perjury, being afterwards tried and sentenced for this de- parture from public morals. To a man whose life or a long period of liberty hi jeopardised, the tempta- tion which the law now puts in his way is well-nigh irresistible. The case of DR. WHIT., MARSH is a forcible example. With the shadow of the gallows hanging over him, he was led to go into the witness-box and elaborate a detailed story of his innocence in a matter about which few per. sons, except the minority of the first jury who tried him, could have any serious doubt. His forced statements are generally supposed to have strengthened the case for the prosecution, but everyone would have been glad if such a painful scene could have been avoided. There is no doubt cases will occur in which a prisoner's explanation of his position under the seleinnity of the oath will bring about his acquittal; but the fault of the Act is that it allows judges to comment on a prisoner's refusal to go into the witness-box, although of course, counsel may not. That power will be used or avoided by judges according to their personal views, and it is most desirable, in the interests of justice, that seine principle of uniformity should be adopted. That principle, in the opinion of many lawyers. should be not to take advantage of the Act, and so to force an unwilling man to swear against his conscience. His appearance in the boX should Lot be a necessity.

THE controversy of the past few The Bishops and months as to the duties and obli- Rituabsca.

_ gations of the Bishops and the clergy ought to bear useful fruit. It will be little less that disastrous to the interests of Protestant- ism and tho Church if, in the absence of remedial steps, Parliament should have to interpose with another enactment, or earnest men should come

to the inevitable conclusion that more drastie action is imperative. There have been some in- timations as to the action of, individual Bishop 3 who have never had any leanings towards what called A.nglo-Catholicism. There have been abundant indications of considerabl value with respect to the trend of public opini°n Whatever may be urged upon historical, theologi- cal, or 23 sthetic grounds, the overwhelming opinion of the country is Protestant. It is against imita" tions of Romish practices and the eccentricities. o

ct ,vidual clergymen.On the other hand,it does not to persecute and make martyrs, and throw , whole country into confusion when so many 6her questions are stirring. It would much rather Tae. Bishops undertook some united moderating an with the view of presenting the growth of 41:tees sea distinctly Roma' h in character. IThe Bishops are understood to have had a con- on the subject, and it is time we had some Nermation as to the conclusions at which they , -dyed, if they were able to agree to any common L of action. The hint is being given that L. ir decision was not to be made public. Surely ' . would be a mistake in principle as well as ~ 'lcy. If the public knew what practices were t,la be condemned as foreign to the Articles and 418 ages of the Church, and what tests were to be : to candidates for ordination,a much calmer rt would prevail. The aim of the con- ,reversy has been to elucidate these matters. Bishops cannot be ignorant of the , ition of public feeling. They cannot .118 indifferent to the peace and discipline of the Church. They cannot wholly ignore the -station which has been put on their and its duties—nor the rumours that are , circulated regarding the outcome of their cerence. Accordingly, it is rather playing with question if, after having attained to some agreement, they leave the public and the clergy in absolute ignorance about it. We know that Ititualism is a very vague term, and that there are diZerences of opinion as to what it means. But tlaere is no vagueness about Protestantism, and its ritualistic difference from Romaniana. If, therefore, the Bishops have come to some idea as to what practices they will not sanction, it is but aonsmon prudence on their part to make ,the details known. They have nothing to fear and averything to hope for from honesty and plain- dealing, and the public judguaent will go against them if they keep private the means they intend to take to meet the public demands.

One of the things no Englishman professes to ,13Zderstand about the citizens of the United States !E; the cheerfulness with which they submit to all kinds of libellous and morally unclean mat termn the newspapers, of well as to the public discussion of purely private concerns, which in England are sedulously guarded as family property. They were having a discussion in a well-known New York °Alb the other day concerning the relations be- tween journalism and the right of privacy. so far as can be ascertained, the large majority of the sPeakers agreed that the journalist had a right to Print any information he could obtain. Minute eporting of divorce cases, for instance, was in- eisted upon, as the information was likely to do good. Herein England exactly the opposite view le held, and has, indeed,,been proved correct. The Police say that the publication of train outrages by boys leads to fresh crimes. It is notorious that ' several cases of crime of an unmentionable and in- famous character took place after the condemna- tion of the prisoner in a celebrated trial some Years ago. In that case all the unsavoury details were 'appraised by editors of newspapers. In America they would be given in full, we are told, as moral lesson We are not in a position to s,ay whether such a lesson has valuable results in Araerica. Americans say that it has,and we must accept their word; ,but the conclusion seems to Point to a remarkable difference in Anglo- Ataerican temperament.

We should hardly have thought the Mayor desirous of provoking that comparison, which is proverbially odious, between himself and the Duke of Westminster, yet this is what he did by his unwise action on iVednesday in attending the Parish Church Bazaar in his robes of office, escorted by the Corporation mace and sword bearers in full regalia. His Grace—the descendant of noble ancestors and the possessor of many °Aliens—appeared before the public simply at- tired as an English gentleman, while His Worship, the Mayor of Warrington, was decked out in all ois insignia, and had in atter,dance the gorgeous bearers of the sword and mace. On the part of observers comparison was inevitable. But the ain point of the whole affair is that the may& had neither right nor title to insist on the attendance of the two public functionaries Who accompanied him. They are the servants solely of the Corporation, and the Mayor of the borough only has a claim on their services on such easions as a ceremony officially attended by the ‘',erporation. We are ready to believe that his worship was unaware of this fact, but he tioVertheless committed a serious breach of e.tirinette. Were these officials compelled to at- upon the Mayor whenever he chose to visit a gathering of this character, their office would run _t,itie risk of being deprived of its dignity and ren 'eared ridiculous.

at The bazaar has also brought into prominence XO fact that such functions are often attended by Tilerabers of the light fingered fraternity. At pre- bazaars we have heard of pockets having *an stealthily picked, but this is the first time a 44111301der at it Warrington bazaar i has had to la- _lgent the loss of her satchel containing ready cash Mounting to more than £l7. The work of track- tag the depredator is an exceedingly difficult one, ?hit it is to be hoped that the police may succeed bringing the individual to book. Councillor ohn Crosfield has again displayed his magnani- kity by handing to the hapless stallholder a 'elaeque for the amount stolen.

litt, Many people in Warrington will be pleased to arn that arrangements have been made for a tries of Saturday evening, concerts .in the Parr all, similar to those held last season. The first will tile, given next Saturday evening.lt was at one time "gought inadvisable to continue them, and we do ilot suppose that from a monetary point of view the ~ orporation will be the gainers by renewing them, .014 as wehave seen in the art exhibition for in- atance, the Corporation at times sink mere mone- tary considerations in the interests and for the cnitertainment of the townspeople. The concerts pre l'allsly given have been of an expensive nature,and ' iequires a full hall to enable the committee to re- "up themselves for the outlay. But it would boa " eat pity if the Parr Hall were to be allowed to °Main unused on Saturday evenings when it 'tight be put to such excellent use. Viewed hi . B light of a counter-attraction to the public- Ouse, the concerts even at a small loss, would be ' Ostifiable.

:cultists and fruit growers in some dis- ^ cts of England are complaining that the pro- ' 'ttion afforded to birds is tending to a multipli- :tion of the species which is prejudical to their .terests. It is said that in a number of places the karlings have caused the cultivation of cherries to ' abandoned,and that these little birds are doing rly as much mischief to the garden. The tits, *Pin, are playing havoc with the wall fruit, and 4,..4e blackbirds and thrashes are indiscriminate in k Loi' r free love of berries of all kinds. There Ile doubt, however, that the grower, who aI- "YS as a tendency to exaggerate his evils, has 14.agaified them very considerably in this case. , 410.ng ago a bitter outcry was raised against that humble and apparently inoffensive bird the , Parrow. Toe assertion was boldly made that he :as eating all the crops, and that he must be ex- . 4 t 1 erminated. There is no doubt that he took,after h° Mannar of the directors of certain City own- ,Danies,rath'er a large remuneration for his services 43 an insect destroyer, but the opinion amosg ciperts is that the crop would get on very sadly lit:he sparrow were not sometimes in evidence. !,etal.th the growth of the population, and the con- 'bierit . traversing of the country districts by th4elists and so-called naturalists, it is unlikely ver eas l the more beautiful birds will thrive in any ,y arge quantity, and as for the sparrows it is ' / t°lirait their numbers. ii

" llvi sire 101 - 41 the e once II be ash 63, aied .41 ltol dil the rprei le - fe 4gr( ibs( iifft the! its the] to Ni DOra aeta iver iest o Lher 0 ti oa▪ nc the p ,aeth, tlavi club two( far r liPea Prin t.9PO slate gooe 1.14 Poli( by BM% 4anix tiort Year 'ever( Ame as a say Arne aceei Pohl Arne NV deal] is r the: by h the: escoi bear of ri tired the: bear of 01 rnain the / the r :Who solet hors; occas. Corp Wet etiqt bete Lend Rath, the r 4:lere( Th 's▪ rie stem ouE isoerk 4taill !lent ',tem flg t ut t,n bt ohn tlity theq sectra aerie: be th,0114 tot s Corp, hut a tary salter vious it roc Coup great nigh rerna the I; hous( Ag tricts teak catiol inten %tarli be ab ketr/ 4,gain • b their is 1,0 ISTays rnag„ ‘4Lot 1 ,i., , ,at ;Pam e 'ernai the n Pattie. Ag an ▪ Per if the IVith bicyi staot Ett t very I lasy t

===== 0002601_18981125_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SALE OF WORE, WIDNES,

-- The sale of work held in %la 3 Victoria Hall, in connec- tion with St. Ambrose Church,was brought to a success- ful issue on Saturday. The Otal proceeds, incluling the entrance money,reached the handsoms sum of. £l2O. With the munificent gift ofo2oo by two gentleman the existing debt upon the hall is cle ired, Navin; a b dance In hand towards a boundary wall. TEMPERANCE MEETING AT RUNCORN.

We would Calf our re iders attention to the annual meeting of the Runcorn Wesleyan Temperance Society which will take place at St. Paul's Church, on Manday next. The chair will be taken by Mr. Harry Barker at 7-30 and In the course of the evening, addresses will be delivered by the Revs. S. Wilkes (District Temperance Secretary), C. W. L. C,hristien and others. Sr. MARY'S MISSION Room, HALTON-ROAD. limeconx„ On Friday evening an entertainment was given in the above loom, before a large audience. The programme consisted of an exhibition of the phonograph, songs by Mr. F. Shingler, Mr. T. Peattie, and Mr. Walton, and selections on the dulcimer by Mr. Barker. The items were well reczived,l and the phonograph particularly fascinated the audience. The proceeds were in aid of the minion choir. Tun BRUNSWICK BOYS BRIGADE. On Wednesday night, in spite of the wintry weather prevailing, a full number rf officers and boys of the above brigade, answered the roll call at the Brundwick Gymnasium. After the usual rifle practice and drill a pleasant hour was spent, when a eapital entertainment Punch and Judy ") was given by Mr. William Fraser Jones, throughout which the audience was kept in great merriment. After the thanks of the Brigade had been conveyed to Mr. Jones for his generosity, the members dispersed.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
MILTON P.S.A.. WIDNES.

There was a fair congregation at the usual service on Sunday. Mr. G. Lacy, one of the vice-presidents, occu- pied the chair,and spoke very encouragingly to the men. Miss Lewis's two solos were very highly appreciated. The speakers Mr. J. Mullen, delivered a practical ad- dress on "He that is least is greatest among you." He pointed out bow by true greatness they must be good, and that they might be truly great although occupyiag humble spheres in this life. SHOEING CONCERT AT THE WIDNES LIBERAL CLUB. Oe Monday evening the first of a series of smoking concerts was held in the ciub rooms. Mr. H. 13, Shores was voted to the chair, aed in opening the proceedings he referred to the good work the Chairman of the Asso- ciation (Mr. E. K. Muspratt) was doing for the reform of taxation. Ile also spoke of the high esteem that gentlemen was accorded. The programme WM then proceeded with, the various items of which were con- tribut d by the members. THE MORPETII DOCK DISASTER : FUNERAL OE' A RUNCORN

===== 0002601_18981125_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
MAN.

The remains of Arthur Wildams, lately of 31, Albert- street, Ruecorn, who was one of the victims of the Morpeth dock disaster, and a young man highlr re- spected amongsc all classes, were interred at Runcorn Cemetery on Sunday afternoon. The solemn obsequies were attended by some 400 persons, including repre- sentatives from Camden Sunday School and Chapel,Run- corn Sons of TallperanCO, Runcorn Liberal Club. and about 100 members of the Upper Mersey Watermen's and Porters' Association. The latter assembled at their headquarters, the Brunner Guild Hall, and walked to the deceased's late residence, where they joined the cortege. The burial service was conducted by the Rev. J.A.B. Malvern. At the graveside funeral hymns were sung by the large concourse assembled. The coffin was covered with beautiful floral tributes. Si. Peue's P.S.E. WIDNES. Oa Saturday evening, in the Parochial Buildines, Captain Whiteheai presided over a large gathering. Mr. A. Bennett gave a lantern lecture, entitled" Scanley in Africa." Ttie speaker was listened to wide great atten- tion, the views depicting the various scenes being ex- ceptionally fine. Miss Hosker was reap snsible for the musical part of the entertainment, and bad provided a good programme. Mr. James gave the well-known songs "The Village Blacksmith "and '• The White Squall." Mr. Brown the humorist of the evening,provoked much. merriment by his singing " Fancy meeting you" and "Stand up." Miss l3osker's contributions, " Quene of the Earth " and "If," were well received, and " Never trouble trouble" and "The boy can say Papa" were ably rendered by Mrs. Davies. Upon the motion of Mr. Icon seconded by Mr. Hoegh, a vote of tbanks was accorded the entertainers. RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. The monthly meeting of the above Beard was held at the Town Hall on Tuts lay evening Mr. Jamee Pritchard (chairman) presiding. Messrs. S. Taylor. and F. J. Nor- man, were also present with the Clerk M. J. W. Light. burn. The minutes of the School Attendance Cemmittee showed that the number of scholars on the registers was 3415, against 3343 for the corresponding period of last veer; an increase of 72. The average attendance was 2,905 agei est. 2835 in thalcorresponding period last year, an increase of 70. The percesrtage of attendance was 85 showing an increase of o'2 per cent. The Chairman re- portel that the architect hart certified the final payment of £847 Os. 21. to Mr. William Isitcicson on noaount or the contract for the extension of the Victoria-road schools, area the same was passed for payment.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUNCORN MAN FOUND DROWN.

At the it-u-t:cwo-r-n-Pelice Court on Tuesday. Mr. J. 0. Noesley, coroner, held an incelest on the body of Themaes Henry Hardley who was found on a sand hank at Weeton Point on Sunday morning.—Mary Jane Hard- iest, widow of the deceased, said she mailed at 14. Stanley-street, Runcorn. The deceased was a labourer and was between 38 and 40 years of age. On Saturday, the 19th lust., he was not in good heelth and spirits. On Friday last he bad four fits. He bad never said any- thing about destroying himself.—James Wailing, water- man, deposed to having seen the body of the deeeesed on a sand bank opposite the Dalamere Dock at Weston Point, about five yards from the embankment. He gave information to the police.—P.C. Bancroft said from in- formation received he recovered the body of the de- ceased. He examined the body but found no marks of violence. Witness had since ascertained that the de- ceased was sebj et to fits.—The Coroner said there was no evidence to room how the deceased got into the water and he thoureht the only verdict the jury could return was one of found drowned. Toe jury agreed to this verdict. TRIBUTE TO TIII3I LATE MR. GANDY. On Sunday evening a memorial service was held at the United Methodist Free Church, Runcorn, with refer- ence to the late Mr. Edward Gandy. The Rev. S. Wright (pastor) said few men had a better claim to have their memory perpetuated than the subject of this brief memoir, Mr. Edward Gaudy. 'Their deceased friend was born in Runcorn on June 19th, 1843, so that his valuable life terminated in his 57th year, when his character was ripest and his powers for service were the most mature. As to any distinction of character' attelnment or service which he reached, he was the architect of his own for- tunes, and was not in the least indebted to the precari- ous accidents of wealth, position, em influence. His parents were among the earliest adherents to that church, and in the qualities and services of their son Edward the church received from them a heritage of iu- oalculable value. Their deceased brother was early sent to the Sunday school attached to that place, and it was always a pleasant reeollectien to him that, in his spare time, he assisted, with his own hands, in the erection of the building with which he watt to be long and so honourably associ- ated, and in connection with which his devoted labeure would be an imperishable mem ary. At 17 years of age Mr. Gandy connected himself with that church, and for 40 years he was devotedly attached to all its institu- tions and assisted in ite movements. Fr 30 years be was an active trustee of those premises, and for 27 yeare he was eecreeary to the trust. For 15 years Mr. Gandy rendered acceptable service as a local prsecher, and at his decease he was circuit secretary, an office which Ile had held for some years. Bet it wag in the Sabbath school that their departed friend found his most loved and most appreciated sphere of usefulness. For 27 yeare Mr. Gandy was teacher of the senior classes of the school, and for 24 years he was Sunday school superin- tendent. The last special effort in which he was chief actor in their behalf and which he carried to a success- ful Lane, was that of procuring for the school a new banner. At the doge of the service the organist played , the Dead March in" Saul." STABBING AFFRAY IN RUNCORN STREETS.

At the Runcorn Police Court on Tuesday b afore Messrs. F. J. /iforman and W. rimming, Frank Rynberg, a Dutchman, employed on the Ship Cavallo:, was charged with having on M miay night assaulted amm namtd James Owen, a labourer, of Regent-etreet. Lle was further charged with assaulting P.C. Smith. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, Owen deposed that at 11-10 p.m. on Monday, he was near the George and Dragon Hotel, Egerton-street, when the prisoner and another man came along. The prisoner came Isehind than] and knocked their heads together, and struck at witness. Witness struck him in return. The prisoner drew a knife and stabbed him three times in the head, intl et- ing superficial wounds and causing much bleeding. Tle prisoner threw his knife to his cmmanion and ran up Brook-street, and witness pursued him until the cons able came on the scene.—Samuel Moores, Regent- street, gave corroborative evidence.—P.C. Smith said he was in the vicinity of Egerton-street. When he heard snmenne call out "Mind the Indio." He proceeded in that direction and saw the prisaner and his companion run up BroJk-street, and he stoppe I the prisoner and asked for his knife. 13 A replied that he only had one for cutting tobacco. Witness took him into custody, when he became very violent kicked him on the knee aid bit his hand. The prisoner had had some drink but he knew what ha was doing.—The prisoner made a some what in- coherent statement in which he alleged that Owen struck him first, and he became vexed and pulled out the knife, but did not in end tn alb him. Re was drunk.—Mr. Norman said he was convicted of a very serious offence and the Bench could not fine him. For the first offence he would be committed for one month and for: as- sault on the constable 14 days.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAIMNER FRIDAY, NOVEMBER ,25, IS9B

RUNCORN NOTES.

[BY A CORaESPONDENT.] The one topic for the town is the Scho)l Board Election, and there is going to be quite a stiff fight for the nine seats. To aid a little spice to the pro- ceedings there is now an unexpected party in the contest, viz; Ir. W. Collier whose chances of suc- cess are many, as he is really the only independent candidate of the lot, and those who admire inde- pendence and freedom have in him a man upon whom they can rely.

It will be noticed that Mr. W. J. Cunningham, takes the place of Mr. Joseph Pritchard in the ranks of the" Ratepayers " Candidate' Mr. Prit- chard having, I understand throug a illness, been compelled to retire in his favour.

That the fight is not to ba a p3litical one is very evident, for there are nearly all shades of political opinion joined together under the assumed titles of the two contesting parties. Still, I think that the ratepayers will best serve themselves by making a really conscientious selection of 'those men who have their absolute confidence.

It might be well to state that in this election all the parties concerned seemingly want to maka it appear that there is to be nlttaestion of religion, or denomination at issue, but the fact remains that the five progressive candidates are Nonconformists, and the four ratepayers' candidates are Churchmen, 80 that it is perfectly clear what the election will finally revolve into.

At the County Court on Tuesday Judge Wynne Foulkes performed a record sitting for Runcorn in the hearing of a case, which extended for over 5. hours, and Which was adjourned to another Court.

FOOTBALL. The Cheshire v. Cumboland match at Runcorn goes to show that County football is losing a great deal of its former lustre. Indeed, the bast part of it was that which the " gate" did not see—the after proceedings.

Cheshire were minus S.Hough`on, who was inca- pacitated the other week in the match at Salford. But it is pleasing to record thu the time-honoured veteran is getting on as well as can be expected. It is to be hoped that his recovery will be complete and rapid, a 3 his Services are really indispensable to Runcorn just at this critical stage. •

Cumberland's biggest draw-back was perhaps the fact that they were m nus their "County jerseys " and as we all know a "County jersey"is tan immense factor in a struggle of this kind. These little up- sets have to be endured occasionally, but county matches are such rare occurrences that a little better provision ought to ba made to ensure against them.

VIUTfIhIStNG WARRINGTQN AND RUNCORN TR IDESMEN.

"MISS HAZLEHURS " COMMITTED TO , QUARTER SESSIONS.. fit the Altrincham Petty Sessions on Monday before Mr, R. El. Joynson and other magistrates, Mary Haz Es. hurst,of Duttonehe young woman charged with obtain- ing money by false pretences at Altrincharn,wee brought up on remand. She was now further ,cerarged with ob• taming 2i. by false prateaces from Sarah Susele, wife of John Steele, labourer, of Hale-read Bridge, Altrin- chart. From the story of Mrs. Steele it appeared prisoner went to her hoase o ithe 7th inst., and arranged to t ks rooms for herself and father at a weekly rental of 25s She said she ceme from VVarringma, aad her fattier had been an invalid for five years. The doctor had ordered him to erne to B owdan. Prisoner looked over an empty house in thi row of ho pee in which witness lived, but cad she preferred takine apartments. She had dinner and tea with witness and then went to catch the 5.30 train from Broadhcath to Warrington. On the following morning she came t the house of witness and sale' she had been up all night packine furniture preparatory to removal. She said she had come away withotkt, much breakfast, and witness ga:ve her her hteekfast. She thee said she was going t Manchester to draw thelr quarter's account from her Father's , solicitor, and see asked witness to let her hive 23. Witness handed her tie mnn 7, and prisoner said she was going to change a £5 note. Prisoner had a piece of paper in her hand which she said was a £5 not*, Witness gave her the money believing her story. ..S6O said her father had £EI weekly coming in. Prisoaer did i not return.—P.S. Myatt said he arrested prisoner about 2.45 on the 12-n (net , in the Kants'ord-mad, Reateerae. Prisoner said she was guilty, and she knew she had done wroeg in several things.—John Halehurst, of Dutton, labourer, said prisoner' wes his daughter.—Prieoner wag further cuarged with fraudulently obi aiaing by credit from John Hayes, painter, paperh &age:, and plumber, of 9, Chaucer-serest, Runcorn, goods amounting to a 104. Mr. Hayes sad prisoner took a house from Mrs. Walter Yarwood. Prisoner said if Mrs. Yarwood would meet her in the expease of painting and graining the woodwork in the lobby and staircase she would see to the rest of the beautifying that wanted doing. At her order he painted, papered and decorated the drawieg-roone,and the total amount of the work due was £8 103. Prisoner said her father was a retired chemist who was not in good health and was staying with Dr. McCarthy, of 36.111aachester-road, Warrineton. She asked if it would be advisable for her father to come at once into the house, and witness advised her to store her furniture at Warrington until the house WAS fit for her to come in. Witness afterwards found her statements to be untrue, and gave information to the police.—Asked if she had anything to say primer said she left home about six weeks ago, telling her parents she was going to a sister at Hale Bank, near Livernool. She met a man about six months before in Warrington. She had been living there. She received a letter on the morning she left home asking her to meet him at Warrington station. She did so. He then persuaded her to go with him to London. As she had never been in London before she did not know where they went to. They went to a house and went through the form of marriage. She lived with him about a month, when he suddenly left her, leaving her penniless, homeless, and without food. She took a house in Warrington, and got it beautified, this man —who went by name of James Wiliiams—saying he would pay for it. The man never turned up again. She went from bed to worse. She was hungry, and she got the money little mine what became of her. She was sorry for what she had dorm—Prisoner was Committed to Quarter Sessions.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PHILEATUIONIC SOCIETY'S

CONCERT.

The concert promoted by the Runcorn Philhar- monic Society attracted a select and fashionable audience to the Public Hall, Runcorn, on Wednes- day evening, when it was submitted with unquali- fied success. The artistes for the occasion were: Miss Alice A. Simons (soprano) ; Mr, Charles Saun- • dors (tenor) ; with the Runcorn Orchestral Society and the Philharmonic Society, (the latter:band and chorus numbering close upon 120). The conductor was Hr. C. T. Reynolds, Hiss Doc (Oxon) ; band leader, Mr. M. Kruger; and the honorary accom• panist of the choir was Miss Barbara Johnson. The programme provided was a capital one, and was rendered most capably throughout. Commencing with Sir A, Sullivan's dramatic cantata' On Shore and Sea," all the parts of which are, musical masterpieces, the choir gave a good account of itself in all the choruses. The soloists— Miss Alice A Simons (LaSposina), and Mr Charles Saunders (II Marinajo)—were 'good. Miss Simons excelled in the recitative " From spring time, etc," whilst Mr. Sanders was in perfect voice all through, but in the rendering of the duett " Here on thy heart" both were warmly encored for harmonious 'vocalisation. The opening piece of the 2nd part, "Banana," by the orchestra was well received. The part song "The lonely vale of streams" (Calleot), was short, sweet, and crisp, and displayed the abilities of the choir to perfection. This item was the choir's best performance. Miss Simons fellowecl with a song" Roberto oh I tu cbe adoro " (Meyer - beer), and treated the audience to a masterly inter- preta ion of the piece. It was captivating, and Miss Simons can lay claim to a really fine' powerful, voice capable of much expression. As encore she sang a lullaby pleasing and pretty. Teen came the success of the evening, "Bianca," (Tito Mattei), by Mr Charles Saunders. It was splendidly sung, the expression and foaling displayed by the artiste in a voice of remarkable compass drawing forth the spontaneous enclmiums of the audience. As encore he gave "Torn Bawling," and seldom have we listen4d to such a "Tom Bowling; " this called forth a vlciferous recall, and Mr Saunders responded with "Sweet tales of Araby.' The choir thea gave the" Soldier's Chorus" (from Gounod'a "Faust "), which they rendered in vigorous style. The instrumental portion of the c3ncert received musicianly treatment at the hands of the orchestra, who added to the good opinions formed of them by the townspeople. Dr. Reynolds was the accom- panist, and he acquitted himself worthily. The whole of the arrangements for the concert were in the hands of the committee and secretary, who deserve high credit for briogiug their labours to so successful an issue.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION.

LIVELY CAUPAION AT RUNCORN. WHO ARE THE " PROGRBUIVE " CANDIDATES. We are now fairly launched upon a School Board election, and at least two parties can be said to have fairly taken off their coats so as to leave no alse impression behind as to what their intentions ! are. So fee they have been known by the distinc- tions of the " Progressive Party" and the " Rate- payers Candidates '—but it now appears that both lay claim to the title of 'Progressive" but apply different definitions to that word. , At the outset of the campaign 19 candidates ' (whose names are given below) were nominated for 9 seats, but since then those marked with a t have withdrawn. Those Marked with an asterisk * are metubers of the old Board. eSamuel Chadwick Beckett, 115, Greenway-meadows, managing clerk. Wafter Collier, 6, Church-street, grocer and provision dealer. tWesley Ceygill Cooke, 4. Lowlands-road, manager of mineral water manufactory. William James Cunningham, 135, Greenway-road, ! clerk. tJaha Robert Frith, Belle Vue, Halton-road, gas ! engineer. *flimsy Bernard Gore, Irwell-lane, clerk in ho:y orders. William Handley, Aldersyde,Norman-road, savings bank actuary. *Elwin Imisen, Heatherlea, Weston-road, jeweller. John Littler. 29, Salisbury-street, quarry proprietor. tFinlay McDougall, 73, high-street, surgeon. tWalter Millington, 21, Waterloo-road, analytical chemist. tAltred Robert Norman,Linden L edge, Mo ighlaad-lane, potter. 'Frederick John Norman, Lyndhurst, justice of the peace: 'Robert Harold Posnett, The Mount, Meughlaud-lane, tanner. *James Pritchard, The Elms, ship owner. t Joseph Pritcaard, 61, fligh-etreat, watchmaker and jewel tar. *Samuel Taylor, Reda! Mount, justice of the peace. IJohn Wilson, The Vines, Godard-road, architect and sur- veyor. *Alfred Maitland Wood, The Vicarage, Ruaeorn, clerk in holy orders. Thus it will be seen that eight c indidetes have with- drawn, which leaves : the Pro r ',sive Party (Messrs. Handley, Norm an, James Pritchard, favlor aud Wilson); the ratepayers esn lidates (the Rev. Canon Wood and Messrs. unison, Littler and Cunningham, the Rev. Father H. B. Gore (Roinatt Catholic) aid toe Independent Party, represented by Mr. W. Collier. The electioa takes place next Wednesday, November SOth. The Retuning. Offieer. Mr. John Ashton, has made convenient arrangements for the cursing on of the elec- tion. There will be a pol Ina booth tor the ratepayers of each Ward, as follows :—Halton Watd, poll at Board Schools, Mill Brow ' • Mersey Ward poll at Trinity School ; Central and Bridgewater Wards (seperato bootie), at the National Schools ; Newtown and Heath Weide (separate bootes), at the Victoria-road Board Schools. RATEPAYERS CANDIDATES' MEETING AT TRINITY SCHOOLS. Oa Tuesday a inestieg in furtherance of the male. tura of the Rey. Canon A. Maitland Wood, Messrs. Edward Raise% John Littler, and Joseph Pritchard, was held cue Trinity Sehoolroom, over wince the Rsv. C. R. Keller presided. The Cnairminsiid the purpose of their meeting that eight was to hear the four candidates who hen been nominated to represent, them on the dehoel 13 Aral. Un- fortunately there were only two preseaut--Slenee Wood and Mr. Littler, as Mr. Joseph Pritchard lees oufferieg from a sudden atteck of pleuriey an i Ur. Imi-oit was unable to be preset owing to a preemies len; s ;ending engagement _that of Chairman at the St Jolla Ambul- ance Concert. He had seen from a bill circulated by tile opposite party tnat they styled theniselves progressive candidates, yet he felt teat they as Caurcrunea were equally entitled to the name progressive. Teat was if al ,t meant they were extremely anxious to maintain the efficiency of educa- tion. the Glance had been the pioneer in 'educa- tional meters, and catered for education long betere their opponents thought of it, and the church had also been pa:emissive. He hoped on the polling day that church people who as a rule were very lax, would rally round th m and vote as directed, which if they did would ensure the return of their candidates. (Applause.) Mr. John Littler, having expressed his sympathy with Mr. Joseph Pritchard, said it was only right he as one of the candidates should express his reason for coming b ,fore them. He was not opposed to the Board School system. He wanted the maintenance o. bth Board end Voluntary Schools in an offbeat state. Why were tie? anxious to maintain the voluntary scacees ? Because Eaglishmen were always b shavers in fair play. The supporters of Voluntary schools theeght they were entitled to some share of it. In a -king for fair play he wished to paint out that both the School Board and Voluntary Systems took an imper- tact part in the general education of the children of tele land. Tee church, however, had educated those chil- dren at a coat of some millions of pounds, and was still doing good wore as well as saving the ratepayers a large .mount of money. Tine School Hoard sestane was a nimessary p art of the eincaSional life of Runcorn. (Hear near.) But it must be seen that the Board Schools were never meant from the beginning to support the Volun- and grow up side tbayrysi dSec School, ,weiutht tothseup optlehme re.a t ni-ah; dwelt upon the satisfactary way in which the School Board had so far managed its affairs, Mr. Littler referred to the fact that so far this success had been achieved by a Board com- posed of equal representation upon the Board of the demebnyt that so far h-d Church lad Noncea /ermine, and the remain- the Roman Catholics. and why should it be discon- libatege n wspearaost d u atainsv a ooacf rcruagpnoi toe ciuurd. He pointed out that three years ago it was con- sidered advisable to petition the department for an in- creased representation on the Board. Even then there waS some sort of an arrangement made that when the permission came there was to be an extra Church mem- ber and another Nopconformist and the Roman Cat:olio would be allowed to sit as htherto. Why they should now require five and leave the others the same number was now inexplicable. Having drawn together several conviacing facts of the utility of the voluntary schools and the place that should be taken by them and Board schoole, Mr. Litter concluded his remarks by saying , that they could depend upon it if they, the four rate- payers' candidates were returnel,they would do nothing but what was to the best interests of the child life of the country. (Applause). The Rev. Canon Wood, who spoke at great length, said that they had taken their cos's off and were going to make a determined fight far "fair play." though it re- mained to be seen who would win. He spoke of the efficient way in which the Sehool Board had carried on its work. It was true that they had a Majority who were f avourable to voluntary schools, but they had never used that majority for furthering any thing that, was inconsiteat. It their opponents felt that they had done so ; it was only rieht that they should tell them ! what they had been guil-er of. But perhaps it was nothing .they had done, but something they were to en, which was all the more reason they should state it and get the question decided. In days gone by their oppon- ents were content to be known as the Noncon- formist party. Now they called themselves Progressives. Having dealt with the progressives of the Londen School Board, and the enormous expenses those progressives ran up which hi 'Man on Wood) charecterisel as extra- vagaece, the speaker pointed out how easy it would be for the progressives to also make the rates progre-s with them until they would become unbearable. He also i dealt with the National system and explained the Voluntarywork- t b Schools, Inc. nectioa wth white to take into serious consideration it rah ge s e r nf were the hu r poin as illustrating the fact that they w( re a saying to the ratepayer. (1) Voluntary schools were not compulsory, (2) hey were built on land voluntary given(3) they were supported by voluntarily contributions (4) and purely voluntary managers governed them. He said the cost of the Board scholar was £2 135..41. as against £2 Os. 61. the cost of the Voluntary sehnel scholar. Thus the Board Scheel scholars were 12s. 83/41. per head dearer to maintain than those of the voluntary system. He felt and firmly believed, that some of the old- fashioned Wesloyans were sorry to part with their schools, and referred to the Lc: that the Wesleyan body were raising a mi lion pounds—and he hoped they would be successful in getting it).—(tiear, hear), to appor- tion-part of it for the building of voluntary schools. Taus the Wesleyans themselves were clearly in favour 'pf the voluntary system. At length the vicar referred to their opponents, whom be was sorry CO see Indulging, in unworthy exoressioes, printed upon neat he called " pink thing." In conclusion he said they laid claim to being tne ratepayers' candidates, and were determined ! to look after fair pay for the ratepayers. (Appliance). The Chairman bhen announced that the meeting was now open for the public to ask tee candidates questions. As no questions were put A vote of thanks to the Chairman. proposed by the Vicar and seem:Wel by Mr. Littler, brought the praceee- lags to a close. MEETING AT THE MARINERS' CHURCH. 01 Wednesday night there was a fur tber meeting of the ratepayers' candidates held at the Mariner; Church, Mr. W. Fisher presiding over a good attendance. Mr. Liaison delivered an address in which he pointed out that the Church party were net responsible for the elec. tisn. They had no desire to disturb the present arrange- ments, hut as their opponents claimed a right to have five candidates they were forced to fight. The statement that they were sectarian candidates was unreliable and misleading. The fact that they had been in a majority on the School Board for sore' years laid them open to be blamed for any mistakes that the Board had male ; but

it also entitled them to whatever credit was due. He pointed out the value of the Voluntary Schools of the town,showing that they were a saving to them of is 2d in the pound on the rates. Sy figures ha illustrated how the School Board had incre seed their expenses from the inception of the Board in 1879 until the present time. For the first ten years of the existence of the Board the average payment of the School Board from the poor rate was £351, and in the next ten years it was £895 per year, and for the last four years the payment ta them was £1962 10s. That showed in a very striking manner the value of the Voluntary Schools to the ratepayers. By the end of March next year thPSchool Board would have received fr sm the rates £19,460, while the School Board debt was £8,409. Addresses were also delivered by the other candidates Mr. W. J. Cunningham, Mr. John Littler, and the Rev. Canon Wood, all of whom were heartily received. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings. PROGRESSIVES MEETING AT THE BETHESDA LECTURE HALL. .

On Thursday nigTit-iiTe—P7ogTe—s-s-iTie Candidates had their first public meeting, at the Bethesda Lecture Hall, when Mr. J. R. Frith presided, ana addresses in support of their candidatures were delivered by MeFars. James Pritchard, S. Taylor. F. J. Norman, J. Wilson and William Handley. The candidatei received a hearty reception, and in their speeches intimated that they were pledged not t, harass Denominational schools in any way ; to see that Board Schools had fair play ; and to secure to each child free education based on sound Bible teaching without any attempt to violate 'be sec- tarian convictions. After the usual votes of thanks the meeting dispersed.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL.

The campaign is to be vigorously carried on through- out the week, ancl the cindidatee are canvassing and working with the utmost vigour. It is intended, to save the public from being obliged to remain out in the in- clement weather now at predent prevailing that the poll will be counted and declared on the following day, an arrangement that should meet with general approval.

St. JOHN AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION.

CONCERT AT RUNCORN.

A grand concert in aid of the funds of the St. John Ambulance Association (Runcorn Branch), was held in the Greeuway-road echools, on Tues- day night, and was fairly well attended. Mr Edwin Imison, C.C., was the caairman. and he was suppor- ted by Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P., and Dr. McDougall, all ot whom spoke highly of the excellent work carried on by the association generally, and especi- ally in the disaict of Runcorn. Tne proceedings were also made the occasion of the presentation of the certificates secured by the members at the recent examination, a part of the programme which was handsomely carried out by Mrs. F. J. Norman, Lyndhurst. The names of the recipients were as follows :—First year: Thomas Ainsworth, Henry Burton, W Cooke, Darlington, Fleury Doug- las, F W Dutton, Thomas Hillidge, Hughes, G Hdl, G Lydiate, Thomas Tonks, J H Weston.—Second year: —J Clare, ThomiS Heigecock, Henry Heath, W Jones, Henry Marsh, Thomas Mather, George • Rider, Willism Shaw, E Suet, B Nevitt, J Upton, C Woodine, F Weld, J Worrall.-3rd year :—William Kendrick, Thomas Inglelie:d. S D Mdtthews, Edward Key. James F Edwards, Henry Heath; C S aubbs, George Aston, E R harts, and W Horton.—The following pro- g-amme was then rendered: -Part I. Gibe "hires Merry Dwarfs," Glee Party; sketch,' Quiet Apart- ments," Mr. Wilson Blackledge; song, "Tell me, my Heart," Miss May Clare; song, "Mona," Mr Keegan; cornet solo, "Rosy Morn." Mr A Webb; sketch," A ' Christmas Pantomime," Mr Wilson Blickledge ; Part 11., gl-4s, selected, glee party; song, " A de- voted app,e," Miss May Glare; song, "Kathleen Mavournean" (encored),Mr Keegan; cornet solo,"All through the night," Mr A Webb; duet, "Over the Hawthorn:hedge," 151683 S May Clare and Simkin ; sketch, "Harmony Hall," Mr Wilson. Blackledge. The able accompanist was Mrs W B Kay. After the usual votes of thanks to the Chairman, and to Mrs FJ Norman for toe interest they had taken in the proceedings, the singing of the National Anthem,• "God save the Queen" brought pleasant proceedings to a close.

W ESLEYA.N FOREIGN' ILISSIONSi ----- ANNIVERSARY AT RUNCORN. On Sunday and Monday the annual sermons and meeting in connection with the Runcorn Braneh of the Wesleyan Fereign Missioaary Society were held at St. Paul's Caurch, Runcorn. On Sundayethe preacher yrs Major-General Campbell (late of her Majesty's forces in lath), and at the morning service he founded an able and elociaent discourse upoa the werds " It is tintsned " taken Iron the 10. h caapter ot St. john. At the evening Service his sermon was founded upon the 14 Ii verse of the 3:d chapter of St.Paure Epistle to the Hebrews. the congregations at both services were large, aud the Choir rendered special music. The anthems : "Gloria in Ex- celeis" and "How lovely are the Messeugers," be:ng ex- ceptionally good. Collections in aid of toe funds on tae Society were made at each service. On Monday night the chair was taken at a public meeting by Mr. William Walker, of Bolton, and there were also present,supperlag the lecturer (the Re!. Wm. Burgess) upon the platform :—Major General Campbell, Revs C W L Christien, Ri Clitton, and J A B Malvern, Messrs T Sinister, it Rewlinson, A R Norman, R Posuett, E faylor (local secretary), F J Norman; T Leach, as well as a large congregation. At the request of the Chairman Mr. E. Taylor (local secretary) submitted the report of the work of the so- ciety. erre Wesleyan Matbodist Foreign Bes:ionary Society, in support of wheel object they nu t that even- ing,was progressine in all its branches and departments., The income for 1897 was £132,227 being an increase of ' £3,600 over the precious year. This m3n:y .was ex- pended in supporting mis:ions on the Coutruent of Europe, in Asia, Ceylon' India, Burmah and China and in Aerica—in the deadly west and south. Mr. Taylor further pointed out that last year Liverpool District raised £7461 for toe missions aed of that sum £231 was raised in the Ru,c orn circuit. He though', they could exceed that sum this year bersau4e up to Stenday night collection there was an increase £7 and if there was a large collection that night the increase , would be substantial. (Applause.) Of the sum raised 'in Runcorn Circuit, Brunsw,ck Saaday School raised £B6 17s. 9d. (Applause). The Ohairman (Mr. William Walker) in the course of his address, said that he had been at four missionary meetings, this season, and at each the locel repot had shown an itcrease of funds, and he thought that it showed that the society was recovering from the un- scrupulous and irresponsible attacks made upon it a few years ago. The society had sent out more missionaries that year than in any other year, but the Church Mis- sionary S..c,ety had seat out eighteen missiouaries to their sight. Toe? 'were not jealous ; but only wished th,t the church they loved so much would do as well. (Applause). Be hoped that the noble example set by tee Cnurch Missionary S:ciety would emulate them to greater and zesleus works in the mission field. (Laud applause.) The Rev. Winans Bergess (missionary for 33 years at Secuenderabad and oilier mission stations in India). &livered an eloquent and spirited lecture dealing pri* cieally with his missionary work. lie could tell them of the influence and sway of the Cross, when it was uaderstood, and when its story had been simply told by earnest men bele the same sway that it did all the world over. (Appliuse.) Elgete: n years ago whet was there in Hyderabad P Nothing ! The record of to-day showed that through the blessing of God, through the simple and plain telling of Gospel ' story, by earnest believing men, 5.500 Eliadoos had since then been baptised—all in cow:teal:ln with I that missioa—in the name of the Holy child Christ. , (Applause). The days of Hindooisna were numbered and ' It would have to go. In the great Hindoo centres there I were far less recruits to the religion than formerly and there was a visible hcrease upon the Christian roll. (Applause).The remainder of Mr. Bureees's lecture re- lated to incidents in connection with his work, and was enthusiastically received. Major General Campbell, who was well received spoke Of the increasing popu arity of the missionary work. It was pleasing to FO3 such a consummation. He was sure that that success was dile to prayer. (Applause). lee concluded with an elovent appeal to his hearers. Th 9 Rev. C. W. L. Christien, in conveying the vote, extended a further invitation to the gentlemen. Toe Rev. W. Burgess acknowledged, and by request gave: a specimen of a Elindoo Lyric. The meeting concluded after the singing of" From Greenland's Icy Mountain " and prayer. The collection for the evening was announced to be £2O lie. 2d. which made, with the amounts previously received, £153 IN. SJ. The announcement that this was an increase of £7 Si. 61. over last year's amount was received wiult prolonged applause.

" LINSEED COMPOUND" (Trade Mark) gives Ex- pectoration without strain, 91c1., 130. Sold by Chemists only.—Advt.

" IINS4BD COMPOUND" for Cougbs and Cold., ORM irritatien. (Aims immediate rellef.—Advt.

" UNSHED COMPOUND " Trade Mark of Compound &sem Vi Linseed, tor Coughs u4Colds.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GU ARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the above Board was held at the Workhouse, Dutton, on Tuesday, when there were present :—Messrs. J. Mosley Williams (chairman) S. Taylor A. R. Norman, T. Lea, T. Reynold 9, Dr. Gastalcii;John Meadoweroft and the Rural District -Counc,llors, with Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), and Mr. George Ashton (deputy clerk). •

===== 0002601_18981125_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Tlll3 COUNTY RLTE.

_ Notification of the County Rate Wa3 received from the Cheshire County Council. Tnere would be required for County purposes ni in the 2; general police rate, 3-16 d in the £ ; and for local police purposes the rate fixed for Runcorn was i in the ae ; correspsnding period last year County rate 2i3 in the £ ; general police in the £ ; and Runcorn local police 7-81 in the £..

===== 0002601_18981125_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
VACCINATION EXPENSES

Mr. Wright reporting on he'nalf of the Parliamentary Committee, stated they had had under consideration the General Order of the Local Government Board with reference to the Vaccination Act. Under this order the Local Government Board fixed minimum fees of 51. and le. for public vaccinators. The public vaccinators in the Runcorn Union had bithetto received Is. 6i. and for crlf lymph, and 3s. and is. fer cases in the out- townships. In future the committee recommended that the minimum fees of 6s. be paid. The Chairm in said it meant a very consilerable In- crease in the expenses of the Union, but they had no alternative. _ _

Mr. Meadowcrol asked what the difference meant.

The Chairman slid it wmld be s).nething like b 0 per cent more.

Mr. Wright said it wou'd be 3r 61., more in Runcorn.

Toe Clerk said the vaccination' officers had to ate ad at the h3usts of the people new, whereas hitherto the people had to attead a vaccination station. The recommendation of the committee was adopted. Mr. Wright further stated that the committee hau con- sidered a letter from the parish of Birmingham asking them to support an appeal to the Local Government Board in favour of a re luction of minimum fees. The committee recommendei that the board should support such action. Toe fees paid t the public vaccinator in Euneorn worald amount to something like £lOl per annum.

This recommendat;og wag also adopted. ME GUARDIANS AND " POLITICAL QUESTIONS."

The Pa.rliamentary committee reportad that they had also considered a resolutiun Rubmitted to them by the Wolverhamn;on Uaion, arid resolved to supp,rt them in petitioning Parliament to so alter the law Oa% recipi- ents of out relief belonging to a Friendly Society should not be disfranchiseo. _

Mr. Meadowcroft considered that there was little to b 3 gained by d susing what wata in his opmio note- Inv but political questions. Several memb2ss took exception to Mr. 114Faiower )f.;'s remarks and subsequently tbe resdlution was carried.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCES.

Dlr. T. Wright sibnottLe'd th fiiaacidedt4nvint. Outrelief was granted as follows : Runcorn £B5 ; FrAl• sham £25, Great Budwortlo £2O.

THE NUR3ES AND THE GUARDIANS.

Admiral J. P. Jones-Parry moved :—" That in view of the increased difficulties of Boards a Guardianr tl obtain suitablo nurses for their Workhouse Infirmaries, the Local Government Board be asked to consider the advisability of starting institutions for the special pur- pme of Training Nurses for such infirmaries, and that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to every Board of Guardians in Eagland and Wales,and they be recreested to give it neje support. He submitted tle resolution becauie of the difficulties recently experienced by the Board in its nursing staff. Mr. J. Mein yre seconded and the reuelution was adopted.

lINCORN RURAL DISTRIC.e COUNCIL.

The fortnightly mostinr of this Council was h3ld on Tuesday at Dutton Workhouse. Present: Mr. J. Knowles (chairman), Admtral Jones Parry, Messrs. J. Mclntyi e, T. Wright, J. B. Chadwicka. Weir, T. Lewis, J. Stokes. C. W. Davenport, T. Antwiss, E. Clarke, .1. Spruce. P. Leather, J. G. Kydd, J. M. Williauri, T. [Loan, P. Gleive, T. Darlington, J. Whitlow, J. Ashtou (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk), W. Diggle and J. Swinton (surveyors), J. Fatrinvon (nuctcal officer.)

===== 0002601_18981125_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
HELSBY DRAINAGE MATTERS.

At the He'shy Parochial Committee tneAleg held on the 16th November it was resolved that so mach of the Helsbv Sewerage Works be at once proceeded with as In ty b 3 necessary to divert all sewerage at present flow- ing down the ditoh at the Northern end tat the Athletic Club Fiad to the Robin Hood-lane and thence under the railway into the Brook &mar ilia Robin Hood Buildinza that tmders for such woras he advertised for ; that the works be commenced on let Danember,and be completed within six weeks from that date, and that the Council undertake that such works be carried out effecually. It was also decided to send a copy of. the resolution to Mr. Mason.

Tne minuto wer3 duly ccufirrTled. PROTECTION OF HIGHWAYS, ER IVIES &C.

Mr. R. PAts, clerk to the Cneshire Count, Council, wrote euclosing print of a 113 rt report on ths above sub- mitted bv tum bottle M iiu &side and Bridges C)camittee at its law. mseting.—The matter wa referred to the surveyors with instructions to report at a future mest- ing.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
URBAN POWERS 73R VARIOUS LOCALITIES.

The L cti Govorainent Board brwardecl a copy of an nrdtr they had issued investing the Rural District Coun- cil with urban pawers with refereme to the contrib ory ;Atom o! Graopeohall,Helsby, LatchFoad Withmt,Sut; on and Walton Inferior. Such order would come into force on sth proximo. RIVER POLLUTION-" THE FIRST TURN IN TUE OFFICIELL

SCREW."

Mr. R. P.tts, clerk to the County Council wrot,e stst• ing that be submitted the Council's letters of the 29th D. carob r, 16th Match, ancl,2s h Augmt last to the Rivers Pollution Cornm,ttee of this Council at its last meeting who had before them at the same time sup- plementary repoit of the County Medical Officer of He slth on the rivers and streams within the county out- side the area ut,der the jurisdiction of the Mersey and Ir well Joint Watershed Committee when he was in- structed to intimate to the Rural Council that in the opinion of the committee the sewage from their district polluted tts rivers and streams tuereia cantrary to the provisions of ths Rivera Pollutioa Act, 1876, and that whether such pollution created a nuisance injurious Is health or not was immaterial, and to state that unless arrangements Were made for stopping such pollution,the committee would feel boand to advise tue County Coun- cil to put the Act into operation. The Medical Officer:said the letter applied to all their ffinenta.' The Clerk said it was a serious matter. Mr. S.okes asked if sewage embraced refuse from tanneries and chemical works. __. _ _

The Medical Officer: Yes.—Cantinuing Dr. Adams said they wauld either hove to purify the streams or take measures to see that the tffitients , were purified by those who dischargcd them. The action of the Cunt' Council seerne to be the first turn ia the official screw. The Inspector said it was utterly impossible for either the County Council or anyone else ta take every &ate of sewage out of the streams in the district. If they were to carry out the requir,:ments ef the County Council they must be prepared to spend two or three millions of money. and all to no purpo4. 11e (the irispeeter) was of opinion that the County Council had no power to put in force the act in resp:ct to their streams as they were established before the passing of that act. The Medicsi Officer said there was a fixed limit for , purified effluents, and they could net go beyond that. . . . .

R was decided that the Clerk should reply asking what streams were referred to.

VIE ISOLATION HOSPITAL. '..REPORTED PROGEINSS.

Mr. R. Potts also wrote under instructions of tie sub- Committee of the Public Health Committee of t3e County Council having charge of the Isolation Hospital Accommodation to ascertain what progress, if any, had been made by the Rural District Council w provide adecinate isolation hospital aec3mmidati3n f 3r their dia- trim. .

Mr. J. Moseley Wdlianas said they had had several me lags at Frodsham in c mnection with the matter and had taken into consideration numerous sites, all of which they were unable to obtain. They found also that:it would be inadvisable to go in f"r a smaller hos- pital than ore sufficient to accommodate 14 or 15 beds. One of that description, however, would rot cost less than sor 6 thousand pounds. The Committee toerefore recommended that the original 'dee of build- ing one general boleti= Hospital for the whole of the Union be revert( d to. I The Chaiaman : It appears that Frodsham is "on." (Laughter). Mr. Lewis supported Mr. J.M. Wdliams. Ultimately it was decided that the Clerk be requested to gather all the particulars in connec im with the ques- tion for ,the neat meeting, and meanwhile to reply to the County Council intimating that the matter was receiving tbe Council's a..tentiou. A COMPLAINT ABOUT STOCKTON HEATH SWING BRIDGE. Mr. James Hepherd of Stockton Lodge, near Warring- ton, wrote complaining of the unnecessary delay caused by the Ship Canal Company at Twenty Step Swing Bridge. Be was kept (a'ong with many otheis) on the 19th November from 12-15 to 1-17,four minutes over the pri scribed time. He trusted the Council would take stringent means to prevent its recurrence. The Clerk was instructed to communicate with the Ship Canal Company- upon the matter. This *as all the business.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A DESERTER AT RUNCORN.

At the Runeo—rn—Police Court, on Thursday morning, before Mr. W. Timmins, Charles Curless was brou4ht up in custody charged with being a de,e•ter from the 2ad Battalion Derbyshire Regiment,4sth Sherwood Forresters. —P.C. Edwards proved the case.—Pr;smer admitted the fact, and was sent t 3 Bautsford to await a military escort. •

FUR.—SKIN RUGS Dressed Cleaned, and Lined Fur alterations of every description. B. CooYlit Manufacturirg Furrier, 21 Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Es tabliebed Mears

===== 0002601_18981125_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES BIRD SHOW.

On Friday and Saturday, the Runcorn, Widnes and District Bird Breeders' Association held their annual ex- hibitien of canaries, and British birds, in the auction room Central Hotel. Widnes. There was a good show, 27 exhibitors competing and etching 240 exhibits. The canaries were divided into 33 different classes, and there were six classes of British birds. Connoisseurs of birds were greatly pleased with the exhibits, many beautiful and valuable specimens being shown, Mr. A. Weilings officiated as judge, the secretary being Mr. S. Andrews. The following are the prize winners of the, various classes :-Clear yellow Yorksti, e : 1,8 Davie ;2, R B.rk-r ;3, W Hales. Clear buff Yorkshire: 1, H Cawley ;2, W Hales; 3, S Had- win. Ticked or variegated yellow Yorkshire: 1, H Abbott ;2, T Skinner ; 3,1 Finney. Ticked or variega- ted buff Yorkshire: 1, R Barker ;2, W Hales ; 3, H Abbott. Yellow or variegated hen, Yorkshire : 1, W Hales ;2, R Barker ;3, S padwin. Buff or variegated hen, Yorkshire: 1, T Skinner ; 2, R Barker; 3, S Hadwin. Any variety, cinnamon marked, Yenk,hire type: 1. W Hales; 2, E R Goodwiu ; 3, T Skinner. Clear yellow Norwich, plain head, 1, 5 Davis ; 2, T Booth; 3, H Abbott. Clear buff Norwich, plain head : 1, H Abbott ; 2, S Dvie ; 3, S Walker. Ticked or variegated yellow, Norwich, plain head : 1, H Abbott ;2, J P Bell: 3, T Fenny. 'ricked or variegated buff Norwich, plain head : I,J P Ball; 2, El Abbott ;3, T Booth Norwich ben,clear, ticked or variegated yellow: 1, El Abbott ; 2, B Barker ; 3, S Walker. Norwich hen, clear, ticked, or variagated buff : 1, S Walker ;2, R Barker; 3, 8 Walker. Crested Norwich cock : 1, T Fenny ;2, W Ridge; 3, R Jenkins. Crested bred Nor. with cock: 1, J Guy ;2, T Fenny; 3, J Goy. Crested Norwich hen: 1, TFenuy ; 2 and 3. R Jenkins Crested bred Norwich hen: 1 and 2, W Ridge; 3, T Booth. C:e ar bodied dark or variegated crest 1, J Guy; 1, T Booth ; 3, J Guy. Golden or silver lizard, clear or broken cap : 1, J P Ball ; 2, P Ball, Yellow green, Yorkshire type : 1 an 2, S Hadwin ;3, W Hales. Buff green, Yorkshire type: 1 and 2, 8 Hadwin. Foul gre in, wing or tail only, Yorkshire type : 1, R Marsh ; 2, G Rene ; 3, S Hadwin. Foul green, green to pre lominate, Yorkshire type; 1, R Marsh ; 2, S Hadwin ; 3, G Rene. Green hen, Yorkseire type: 1, S Had win ; 2, R Marsh ; 3, S Andrews. Par class : 1, H Abbott 2, J Guy; 3, T Skinner. Any other variety o:e canary noe previously mentioned : 1, P Ball ; 2, Badwin ; 3, J P Ball. Selling class, pair cf birds and cage, not te exceed 25s : 1, T Booth ; 2, J P Ball ; 3, R Marsh. Seliing ciass, bird and care, not to cetieei 15e; 1, fl Abbo:t; 2, 'l' Fenny; 3,1 Booth. Selling ciaqA, bird and cage, not to exceed 10s; 1, 9 Andrews; ; 2, T Featly; 3,S Bo pth. Mule or Hybrie, any variety : 1, El Abbott; 2, G M Sugmore ; 3, J Hampson. In the 110.743 class for Yorkshire, any varietv, the resu t was : 1 and 2, if Cawley ;3, W Abbott. Norwich, any variety: 1, W Abbott; 2 and 3, H Cawley,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COUNTY COURT.

TUESDAY.- Before his Honour Juige Wynne.Roultres.

THE LIST comprised 63 ordinary summones, 19 judgment summonses, 10 defana summonses, and 2 adjourned actiods. CILLIEHON BETWEEN A TRAP AND A MILE.FLOAT. CLAIM FOR DAMAGES.—George Acton, farmer Pool Farm, Heath' road, Runcorn brought an action against Robert Shepherd, farmer Parkside Farm, Aston. to recover 211 9s. 6d. for damage incurred by the plaintiff through a collision which took place between his trap and a milk cart belonging to the defendant, owing it was alleged, to the negligent driving of the defendant's servant. Greer. barrister (instructed by Mr J. Burton) appeared for the plat ,tiff and Mr. Jordan, , barrister. (instructed by Mr. H. N. Linaker) represented the defendant. In opening the case Mr. Greer stated that at the time of the accident the plaintlf's trap was being driven by Walter Gerrard, and the other occup nte of the trap were Mrs. Acton. mother of the plaintiff, two young sons of Mr. Gerrard and another boy named Leonard Pye. The accident occurred on the 23rd October about 6p m. Acton-lane. between Lowe's-lane and Marsden'a Corner. The road was about 16 feet wide with a ditch on one side. Gerrard had driven to Dutton and was returning driving in the direction of Frodsham, whoa he SAW coming in the opposite direetlon, and occupying about the middle of the road, a milk float, belonging to the defendant. There were two people in it apparently engaged in conversation and the reins were down loosely in front, neither moo having hold of them. Gerrard celled out "Rh up" but no attention was-paid to him and he called a second time and the man took up the reins and endeavoured to get past. Seeing the position of affairs Gerrard puled up on the grass on the side of the road as near the ditch as he dare Just as the float reached the trap the man took up a stick and struck the horse,causing it to rear and plunge with the result that the fl ,at collided with the trap and the pony made a bound for- ward, being startled. Both ihafts of the trap were smashed, the pony ran away and all the occupants except one boy were thrown out into the road. The trap and harness were badly broken. The trap was dragged six yards by the float. Gerrard picked Mrs. Aeton up, she was injured and he placed her against the cep while be ran and captured the pony. When Gerrard returned to the place, Shepherd came up who offered to pay for the repair of one shaft. He further stated that his men had informed him that the trap was driven by an old man uncompetent to drive it. This statement wis corroborated by Walter Gerrard, commission agent. 33, Waterloo-road, Runcorn. Mrs. Ashton. who was confined to b d and her evidence taken on commission, and a number of other witnesses.—For the defence Mr, Jordan reserve i his address to the jury and called Charles Percival, the driver of the milk fbat, wh) deposed to seeing the trap coming towards him in the middle of the road. A person sitting In frout was holding up an umbrella. The trap was in the middle of the road. The road WAS not a wide one but there was plenty of rooma for two vehicles to pass. Witness shouted to the trao "Eli up I Look out! Where are you going 2" The trap was then 20 or 30 yards away. The trap kept on corning along. Wit- ners was going at a very slow pane, and when he saw the trap was not gettinz out of the way he drew the float ten or twelve inches on the parapet ; he emir' not take it on any further without going into the hechre. The trap drove straight into him. The lan hes of the wheels jammed together, the pony made two plunges, the shafts broke and off went the pony. Witness was chucked on the front board by the violence of the collision, but he regained his control of his horse and drew up in three yards. He denied ever striking the animal with a whip or a stick ;he had nothing of the sort in the float. He was not drunk. No beer was allowed on the farm at all.—Crosa-examined n Witness said be was not talking to the by. nor had he let the reins go. He had the horse perfectly in hand all the time. When he shouted he could be heard half a mile away. Gerrard did not seera to hear him, and he did not think he could isPe him at all because of the umbrella. At the time of the accident Gerrard' pony was trotting. He never heard Gerrard shout, witness's horse was going at a jog trot.—Tnemas Bartington, the other occupant of the float, and other witnesses were called, but thecase had not concluded when the Court rose. It will be concluded at the next Court, on December 15th. A jury was empannelled to try the case.

OGE CIIAINLE:iS SAFETY

IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRIDE,

BEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ASH NOT TO BE BEATENv both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets.

Don't risk life and limb by buylog rubbish, but purehise a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers. of the Highest Reputation.

LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMBNTS.

QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 691 BOLD STREET, LIVERP 000 L.

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND OENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, BEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HEDGOOCIE at King- street and 17, Mill-street, as Plumber, Glazier, Painter, Gasfitter, Sm., where he hopes, by being more cettrally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage.

MB —A Good STOOK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances • also a Choice Selection of wall papers and de3or:tions will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURBRS CF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATHIWROOF HOLD-ALL ....... From 9s. 6d

9, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 1, LORD-STREET,

LIVERPOOL,

• i

1 • ~,v21,•,. ^ • . •

-

- . •

4JI

,;+

s•

I 1 ' 1 .•4 `r .0 .., ' , . .. ... l'! , 1 r:' 11:;• 4 ' ,•,'. ot„, , , 1•,.. it •, ,ids i tk • , :I .• I , , , '„; ,• , , ' 3 t ji I'3! I 1 1 ' M• .i! ' l' it 'ly, •;• - 1.01p.a.: :L.-..4-

===== 0002601_18981125_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Z,NalOr4arM t*, imr-9Px4 ow• Av.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TRIAL OF SOMETHING THAT WILL DO.

You would be perfectly astonished if you were made aware of the many thousands of pounds absolutely thrown away from year to year upon so-called curatives that are foisted upon a public only too willing to believe the specious argumems laid before them.

Even the hard earned shillings of the very poor are wasted in this way ; in fact, it is to the ignorant anxious to rid themselves of the various ailments which handicap them in the race for life, that such arguments are too often addressed. Now strength and muscular activity, rosy cheeks, plumpness, and health can be obtained without medicine. _ _

The replenishing of the system from the wasting of tissues which is going on every day can only be accomplished by the proper assimilation of food. It cannot be done with medicine. It can, however, be accomplished with a perfect, flesh-forming, palatable, and agreeable Food Beverage. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is such a Food Beverage, possessing, as it does wonderful nourishing, strengthening, and stimu-

missed the case ordering each party to pay their own costs. —The Mayor said it WAS a disgraceful attain—Ellen Flanaghan, Hepwood-street was charged with assaulting Mary Donoghue a shopkeeper In the same street. A cross- summons was issued by Flanaghan,—Mr. Grainger appeared for the complainant, and stated that she had °cession to enter the defendant in the County Court for an account for wads suppiied. On Saturday last, the complainant was standing at the door of her shop when the defend- ant came up. called her foul names and threw the contents of a jug of beer over the complainant's face. There was no assault on the part of the complainant —Mrs. Donoghue. Mrs Buckley.and Charlotte Gibson gave evidence bearing out Mr. Grainger's statement.—The magistrates ordeted Flanaghan to pay tht costs. 1.88, and dismissed the cross-summons.—Margaret Kelly, Ship-yard, was charged with assaulting Catherine Newton on November 10th —The magistrates having heard the evidence of the complainant and defendant, the latter stating that she had only been married one month and had never been without "bla flesh," they dismissed the case.

15111SDAY —Before Alderman Harrison (in the chair), Coun- cilors Shaw Green and Smethurst, and Mr. J. W. Hayward. - -

TEC TIZEFT ITROX A CLOTHES Mum—Ellen Choetharn and Joseph Cheetham,of no fixed abode, were charged on remand the former with having been drunk and disorderly on Friars' green on Thursday siternoon, and t oth with having stolen Irma a clothes line two cotton shirts and two flannel singlets, valued at Ws,. the prOperty of Robert Callon, 12, Rose and Crown-street. —Prisoners were committal to gaol for 21 d ,ye. The charge of drunkenness against the woman was with- drawn.

SIISPICIOIIB OHARIOTER IN THE MARICET.—JOhn Percy Murray was charged that he being a person of suspicious character was found frequenting the Market-place on Satur- day night, being there with intent to commit a felony.—P.O. Turner said his attention was called to the prisoner in the Market-place at half-pest seven on Saturday night. He saw prisoner go from sall to stall with a halfpenny and say that he was a penny short of his lodgings. He did that two or three times. He then com- menced to handle the articles on the stalls, and two or three stailholders had to remove him. . When arrested his langutge was very bad. Witness was under the impression that he Intended to steal something from [the stalls.—Prisoner said ' he had nsver stolen a pennyworth in his life, and he had travelled three parts of the globe He had never been looked up except for a drop of Orink. He had had three operations performed in his side in New York Haspital.—He was sent to gaol for 14 days. DauxxxxsEss.— Thomas Ellison. 2, War-hi/eon's-yard John Bioby, 81, Winwick-street. and John Percy Murray, no fixed abode were all fined for this offence. A. DRUNKEN DRIVER—John Travis, 12. Silver-square, was fined 55 and costs for having been drunk in charge of a horse and cart ia Marsh House lane on November 12th.—P.O. Muskett proved the ease. BREAMI OF THE PEACE —James Hopkins, Friars'-Green. and John Warburton, Winwick-rotd. were bound over to keep the ?slice for six mouths and ordered to pay costs for fighting in Horsernarket-street on November 16th. CHLICNET one FlRE.—Sarah Lawless, 14 Friars'-gate was fined ls for allowing the chimney of her dwelling-house to be on fire on November 14th.

UNMISZZLED Cows —James Acton, 131, Knutsford-road, and William Twigs. 114, Wilderspool-road, were fined, the former 2s 63 and the latter is. for allowing their dogs to be at large unmuzzled. In the first case defendant pleaded not forty. From the evidence of Pollee-constable 13 men tile to the effect that the dog was on a lure.), without a muzzle defendant claimed that it was notiat largelas it was chained on the lurry The Chief Constabiesaid there was a mistaken idea on this point, and even if a lady carried a poo it dog in a carriage without the animal being muzzled she was liable to a flue. Defendant was fined 2a. 6d.

111/ODA:Y.—Before Mr. Blrehall (hi the ettalr). Dr. Gomel

and Alderman Sutton-.

DRUNK AND DIsORDERLY.—GIeorgAs McLeavey. rag gatherer, of Liverpool, was sum mono i for being drunk and disorderly in Sankey-street at five minutes to four o'clock on Monday afternoon.—Be pleaded gullty.—Snoerintendent Monaghan proved the case.—The magistrates dismissed the case on prisoner pyomising to leave the town. THEFT Or d 13n:D TR:IC—Ann Whalley, IS, Oliver street, was charged with stealing a bei tiak,value 10s, from the shop of fir James Leslie. 39. Pitiners-hrow, on Monday. at 4-5/ p.m.—The Chief Constable said that on Monday afternoon defendant want to the shop and picked up the Vice and asked the price of it, Mrs. Leslie sail she did not want to sell the tick as she was {Ming to make some use of it her- self. The tick was miss-'d after the defendant had left toe shop, and the police were informed. Detectives Barlow and Roper visited defendant's house* and found the stolen article on the parlour taole. Defendant was fined 20s, or 14 days' imprisonment. A SUSPEOTRD Lusa/le.—Annie smith, a middle-aged woman, of no filed abode, was charged with wandering at large, being a suspected lunatic.—P S. Evans said he saw the prisoner at 12 33 n.m. on Tuesday in Butterrnarket-)treet, acting in a strange manner. She was shouting and dencinl. i Witness knew her, and he asked her f she had anywhere to go. She r,plied. •• No I have not. If you don't lock me up I shah cut my throat or drawn myself " ¶4 itness had pre- viously seen her that night acting very stmazely. Before she was looked up she throw a brick over the Pollee Station well and it nearly cams in Cmtact with the Inspeater's office window. The Chief Constable said plsoaer had 22 ao- peararvese recorded, against her. lie was sure she was not right in her mind. She had been la a lunatics asylum. Re would ask the magistrates to commit her tc• the workhouse.— prisoner : Give me six months in gaol. I don't want to go tothe workhouse.— the Chief Constable said prisoner had assnsged the cell during the night —The magistrates ordered her removal to the Wo,lchonse.—Pris mer (i.e she sir4s being removed below) : Give me s,x months and I will be done with it you m:gist as well -I will do mischief when I get in the cell.—Prisoner was than ordered to se hand-cuffed so that no damage would be done.

lative powers, unsurpassed by any other Food Beverage. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is not a medicine. It does simply what it is claimed to do, and its strengthening powers are being recognised to an extent hitherto unknown in the history of any preparation. Merit and merit alone, is what we claim for Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, and we are pre- pared to send to any reader whO names Warrington " Examiner " (a postcard will do) a dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa free and post paid. There is no magic in all this. It is a plain honest, straightforward offer. It is done to introduce the merits of Vi-Cocoa into every home. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, as a concentrated form of nourish- ment and vitality, is invaluable ; nay more than this,for to all who wishto face the strife and battle of life with greater endurance and more sustained exertion, it is absolutely indispensable.

Dr.Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is made up in 6d. packets and 9d. and is. 6d. tins. It can be obtained from all Chemists, Grocers, and Stores, or from

exchange of kiCks, Molyneux ran strongly, and took a long drop at goal, which nearly came off. A moment later the Leigh forwards dribbled over the line in a bsdy, only to see Travner touch down. At length just before the interval, the Leigh forwards ran spleaclidly, with the ball at their toes, and litteMas- ters completed a dribble half the leuatla of the field by scoring near the pos's, and Duubavin kicked a goal. The sec ni half opcne I poorly. Danbavin made a splendid dJolgy rug, and kicking across the field, put his nll'a outside, and an exciting race was witnessed, which end- ed in Doh ‘rty getting first to the ball, only to be knocked over the not moment by Anderton, woo was playing a fine game. Sddall removed the danger by a capital kick, aud his forwards following up at top sped the Leigh line was endangered,bot Molyceix clearei the danger by a tremendous Sick. Play was even for a time, neither side being ail, to mak, any headway. Ten minutes from the close, Traynor got off finely, but in screwing round t) dodge Davies ho was tackled, and his knee got twistel. Be was removed from the field. The game fluctuated until the Close. Final : Leigh, 1 goal 1 try (5 pints) ; St. Helens, 1 goal (2 points).

WIDNE3 v. SALFORD.

At Widaes. This match aroused great interest, and the game was witness id by 10,000 spectators. Widnes were minus Doneedy, Thomas t aluag his place,and Ss.- fore were snoit 1 uskius and Llewellyn, Moir plating ihein4 taken by Phillips and Feiner. Raapps started for Salterd, Aspey retarniug td [0.1C4 at toe nome quarters. D mglas kicaed to Philips, who respoaded, and both teams were peaalised. Hunt tackled Sinith smartly in Salford quar are. &Reid remoead cue': half and Graf slipped round ,crinunage, bat Idatey neutralised. Fisher led the Salford far wards co toe lahne quarters, where Grit is p sewed t 'ffiouies, ;out toe taster missed spleuuid.cuance. Keen play foilowed on the borne line Decoy clearing wi.h a penalty kick. Salford returned te the attack, but traJ:ir pa3si.4 was faulty, and Widnes were getting away nicely when A.spey obstructed, and tha bail was again ecru:nal aged on their line. Murphy and Asaey relieved, ad it,span ran down.Widues again assailed, altap ry, levit, and Peaeoek,passing and run- 'slag spleadmiy. Dashing play by tleatn, who tackled oatey e-e ha ("HIM rep y, Lieu:rail/33J, but Wodelnead Ifl We a poor ....tternA 4. goal train tan centre lies. pmaed up in nsiitield, and ruaning mag,oiticeat :c i.e I .at the corner. Wood- head railing at goal. Salford again assailed, and Rs- Pen (Widens) su,calued an injury to tae eye, but re- sulusal. A long kick by DMlas, which Smith failed to gatuar' placed Widnes ud tie attack, Salford clearing. ! Murphy had the Saloril due at his mercy, but stuinbled. • Then the visitors came up strongly, and Way passing, to Timinas tile latter was tackled ou tue home line by Douglas. Widnes cjahk y transferred to centre, and urphy ran well and passed to Travis, who rescued ! the visit3rs' quarter. Salford renewed the attack, and Taohas aud edildpa missed fine (Mamas. rneu William, who received tram Pi:hill:is, raced in, Woodh'al a;ain railed at vol. H :1-:—S.stiord 2 tries ; Widnes, nil. WI hoes re,tarted. easy continutd in me v:sitorte half. Rispaa k.caeal to tee Ii e and a fre:-aiek fur obstruction orougut no relict, Salford cuticula: down. Smart lot- ward work took toe bum ta Hatay who was tackled. A free-ciek by liesiop I treed the viritura back, and Nevitt passed to Maran wao Mesplendidly, grounding the ball uader tab r. Eatey landed the goal. R >wed by this advantage, Widnes forced play. fiu Wv.:::ns line ! was attacked, but Murphy k.cked too hard aad toe bail went dead. Marcia ran strongly. Hand- ley, Nevitt, and itispaa ban.. nearly over, Griffiths , dereaning splendidly. Woodtaria*d (Salford) and Aspey (Widnes) were ordered off for fighting over the Salford line. Salford were peaalised, flesiop taking the kick, bat neadvantage a :crated. Salford Know became aggres- sive arid bribiaut play by fuonias and Pnillips was only tabbed of its reward in the nick of time by Peacock, ! who taucned down. Smith was tackled an hia line ! by Hampton, but Salt era's superior weight forward told in the scrimmage. Salford, however, were penalised for I offside, and hatey made a fiats but itidla attempt at goal. The Widnes custodian dropped again, but the only result wai a deal ball. Teen Murphy dropped a goal. Salford attacged, but Murphyc eared with a 'ling kiek, aad Travis caught Smith before he could reply. A. acrinareage followed in the visitors' quarter, and Salford being psealised,Batey dropped a goal. Play was now exceedingly ken], and Batey narrowly missed another goal from a bug drop. Widnes continued to attack, but they were imable to get over, and the clos- iug stager wee at midfield. Final :—Widnes, three goals one try (nine points) ; Salford, 2 tries (six points).

===== 0002601_18981125_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SE9SION3.

Illownky.—Before Messrs. 0. Reynolds and Thomas. DRUNK AND DlasibonnLY.— Benjamin Ksye, Bankes' Cottages. Weston, pleaded guilty to being drunk and dis- ordnly in Heath-road at 10 p.m.. on the 12th inst ..-.The case was proved by P.O. Wylie.—Oefendant, who had nothing to say, yrs tined 2s 8d and Be 6d costs. SCIEMOL A.TTRNDARCE C.a.sfcs.--At the inst'gistion e the Runcorn School Board the following persons were summoned by Mr, J. W. Lighthurn (clerk) for non-compliance with the Relumation Act —James Stubbs. Wallington-street ; John Wakefield. Alcock-ntreet ; Thomas Watson. Lock-street; Willarn Haslet. Gilbert-stmA ; William Twia. dutuerl%.4d- street ; John Martin. boatman. (2 meet) ; Annie Cr-fell, Nelsm,street ; Joseph &atm. Norton-street. Fines of Sel and 4s 6.1 costs were imposed and pald.-11Wdence Was given by Attendance Officers Bowyer and Howard. URGRATEFCrIe TRlEF.—Matthew Pattison, was branght up on remand. charged with the theft of a hint serge coat and a towel, the property of Edward Keene, mate of the vessel •• Tilstoi "whilst that vessel was lying off he Latch- ford locks. —Pattison pleaded guilty. —P.)lice Constable Charles Nicholls (Runcorn) said at abont 12 30 on the 12th inst he received information of the robbery and also a des- cription of the thief. and consequently he apprehended primmer at one o'clock in Runcorn. Prisoner had the article* (p-odnced). In a bag he was c xrying. Witness eherged him with the offence, and brou%ht him to the Police Siaiden. In answer to the claque prisoner said the things were his own. .t.mt afterwards he confenaed that he hid stolen them. Prisoner also made a statement to the effect that the mate had given him a lift from Manchester in the vessel, which he (prisoner)left at Latchford, as he was hard up. he took the articles wi it him. —ln answer to the Bench witness said he had been unable to find ont anything about the man.— Prisoner who electe4 to be summarily dealt with, pleaded ex- tenuating circurnstances.—The Bench sentauced him to 14 days at Knutsfarl with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE THEFTS AT LATCHFORD.

INIPORTINP CAPTURE.

At the Warrington Boraue,h Police Court on Tries lay morning. befare Mr. Birchall (chairman) and t thsr rnag- !stratee, Th )111V1 Barber, of no fixed address, being a convicted thief, was charged with having been found on enclosed premises at Latchford, with intent to commit a felony at 12.30 a.m. on Tuesday. The Chief Constable said he would ask for a remand for three days btcause prisoner was wanted by the county otlice for thieving, and also by the Oheehiro, county police, who suspected him of havmg. stolen a horse and cart. They had two asses against him in Latchford. Speclalconstableo had to be placed at Latch- ford in consequence of a number of robberies whichlhad taken place. Prisoner was found on Mr. Hewittalpre- mises that morning under circurrostancss of Euipicion. P.S. Lewis said in company with P.C.Staart he visited Mr. Elewitt's farm at Latchford, at 12.30 that morning. They examined several outbuildings and afterwards went into.ttie shipPon, where they found the prisoner in a crotrchirig 'position. He said he did not know what he was doing ihare and he had been " copped " this time. a Prisoner wasin possession of 31s. 33/4d., and had a busch of eight keys on him. I reply to the charge prisoner said " I cnly ,orem the to slelo." The officer stated that prisoner was as wited by the Runcorn police for thef t. Prisoner was remanded until Friday.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE "A" TEAM CHAMPIONSHIP. WARUINGTON V. OLDHAM.

On Siturday,..ciii-theii-o-v;n•gr,--Warrington had as their opponents in this competition Oldham "A" team, who on Septem4er 10th inflicted the only defeat they have sustained this season. It was expected that the game would proves stiff one and many were sineuint that considering the improved combination of the Warrington town, and the gettsral improvement in the ;owe onnel of it,thay .vould revene the result of:their previous encounter with Oldham. Tne hopes entertained were fulfilled b 7 the result, although the local players were everi-iv trial durin; the last stages of the game. ,With the exceptioa of an occasional reverse in the order ' of the play.warrineton were doing all the pressing until the last ten minutes of the game. Then, uatil the whistle blew, the • Oldhamitss simply" made rings " round the Warrington team. Toough it is only fair to say that Wariingtan had heels playing a man short all the secand half and a part of the first half. There were about 2,000 spestatore, the fog which haa been thick during the morning having cleared off. The teams were composed as fol- lows :—Warringtcn : Roscow, fall back ; Pendlebury, Ratcliffe, Cross and Moores, three-quarter backs ; It. Bate and Allen, half backs; Eden, Hatton, 111110 , Schol,z •,Townend, Wile )x,JOlley and Cunnieglaarn, for- wards. Oldham : Woodward, full back ; Holroyde. Vabittle, Pearce, and Walsh three-quarter backs; Rees and Lees half-backs ; Murrell, Pottle, Davies, Wormald, Wilkinson, Harrison and Nield, forwards. Hill kicked off for Warrington and no retina being made play settled for a time in The homesters than be- gan to press and after firm fern ard play Wilcox got over the li. P 'tebffe i re- oved on the try. From the kick off the home team followed p well and a long punt took took the ball in frost of the Oldham goal where the visitors kicked into touch. The Warringtoa men passed all along the Ike and Moores dashed in, but the Old- ham men hemming him in, he passed to Ratcliffe who gel over the line with a man hanging on to him. Tao goal kick by the scorer was a good attempt but a little low. Oldham checkei a combined rush close to goal. Their forwards br ke throuela the press but they in turn were checked near the posts. Fine combination by Wilcox Cross and Ratcliffe again took the ball in froa ot Oldham goal and Ratcliffe got away from a scrimtnne„ nut was brought down near the line. Cross made a splendid attempt to score but was success- fully tackled. Radcliffe had a free kick, and the ball was charged down and taken t) the half way line bring- ing welcome relief to the Oldham men. From a BOOM- mage an o.dhatin forward broke away avoiding two attempts to t ckle, and had a clear field with the excep- tion of Crois whcasorinted in fine style and knocked him into tooth -t the 25 ysrds flag saving a certain try. Old ham had a free kich,wittiout result and Bob Bate marked, and capital play by the visitors' thres-quarter line, who were a e fart lot, relieved the pressure, the whistle go- ing for half time with the result Warrington 8 points to Oldham n" —Oldtr i kinked off on the change of ends.' Warington by a series of scrimmages invaded the Old- ham territory, and Cross with a free kick added another two points to the score. The home backs ebecked a esshing run by a visiting tbreequarter, but a little later

Walsh dropped a goal for the visitors making their first score. Rata& and Moores were again prominent with some de,erving play. A little later Hill got pm- session and sprinting broke through the forward !inn, punted over the heads of the backs and again got pos- session blt the latter overtook him and a shirp struggle was waged round the posts, until play was forced back into midfield. Pendlebury and Cross played well at this point. From a scrimmage at the half way line, Oldham pressed and play was tak •n to the 25-yards line where after some close work Walsh scored a try. No goal re- sulted. Ratcliffe now made his appearance not having played during the second half in consequence of a hurt. His services were needed as the Oldham team were now playing a fine game and Warrington were hard put-to though still one man short—(Townend). The struggle was fierce, Oldham desperately trying to score, and Warrington jut as desperately resisting. Cross checked in grand style, another rush for the line just lo,fore the call of time, the game ending in favour of Wa,ring'on by 2 goals 2 tries (10 points), to 1 goal try (5 points!. • Salford (A), 1 goal 3 tries; Widnea (A), nil. Swinton (A), 31 p -dots; Tyldesley (A), 2 points. Broughton Rangers (A), 6 points ; Stockport (A).nil•

FLETCHER RUSSELL'S GAS ENGINEERS V. Sr. HELENS "A."

Played at St. H,lens on S.turday. After7l;rd play Evans scored for Flecher's from a pass by Lawless, and Radford shortly afterwards added another try. On re- suming, Raiford sow.' senred,and a goal resulted. Sins- cox scored for the Slints, but no goal W 49 kicked. Final :—Fletcher', 14 pin' s ; St. Helens (a), three points.

WARRINGTON ST. MARTS v. WIDNES WHITE STAR. This match was played at Liverpool.road gronnd on Saturday before a fair attendance. Widnes kicked off, and by smart following up took play near S. Mary's lines. A smart dribule by the home forwards relieved the pressure and Ball was promineat with a smart run. A. scrimmage took place under Widnes goal posts, but Clarke failed to get hold of the ball when heeled out to him. Play was taken down the fitid and Clark distin- guished himself by getting clear aw3y and passing to Corleis, that player almost scoring. The home team kept up the pressure, and Parker had hard lines in not getting over. Povey afterwards made a grol attempt to kick a goal from a mark. Widnes next had a turn of Dressing, and Peters ran near to the line. Even play f Illowed from now until half-time whln there was a blank score sheet. The second half was of an even nature and the end arrived wth no tangible point recorded. The game was not of an interesting character, and the most notable paint the second half was a splendid run by Packer.

LANC& !IRE v. CUMBERLAND. The L..n ofth 0 Committee met in Marehester en Tuesday &t, dßeVeted tie following to play against n.t .4 Workington on atertmber 3 :

R. J v (Widne.), f4ll hack • D Traynor (St. Heleij;U. C. Chapman (Broughton Rangers), T. Wil- li ims (Salford), Etna J Hoskins (Salford), three-quarter backs; Arthur Lees (O'clharn) and .J R Lawton (Old. barn, half b Ink.; ; G Whitehead and G Steel (Broughton Rangers. P Taylor (Leigh), J Evans (Swinton), J llama (Salford), J Harrison (Rochdale flormt), J G Moffatt (Oldham), and W Briers (St. Helens), for cvards. fiesf-rves : R Thomas (Oldhtm,) full back ; T Rispan (Widnes) centre, and 8 Williams (Oldham), and J Altham (Morecambe), wing, thr,e-quarter backs ; F Moiyneux (Leigh), half back ; F Hamcson (Widnes), G Frater (Oldham,) J Worhington (Tyldesley,) and J Ntylor (Warrington), forwards.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our NEW BOOK containing v uable information to Ladies,how all Irregularities may b entirely Avoided or removed by Simple Means. Recommended by eminent physicians as the only Safe, Sure, and gee nine Remedy. "Never rails." Thousands ot Vir., B. BLANCHARD, Claremontl) Rowe, Torc Dalston., T or ion.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH YOUR ATTENTION.

' Every person's future is ro a certain extent in his own hand. Many a future which might have been bril- liant has been darkened by lack of timely preparative to meet the exigencies and changes which occur in every day life. Many a home which might have been glad- dened by life and health, and comfort,has besn saddened by poverty, illness, and death, in many cases wholly preventable. There are, indeed, few that d 3 not feel the system needs recruiting after the trying feeling of lassitude, with others, "not quits up to the mark," "a Sort of all over sinking feeling," " too weak to d 3 any- Oiling about the house," "those recurring headaches," "no appetite for my food," etc. These, and a dozen others, are common expressions which all point to the urgent need of some goon tonic mixture, a reliable rfla- ctcine of estab ished reputation and of proved virtue. There are several tonic mixtures to be had, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters; it has never been known to fail. It's always the same, there can be no mistake about it. The careful preparation and a manipulation of manufacture under the most stringent rules, assures the certainty that Gwilym Evans' Qainine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic, is always efficacious and genuinely succesaful in all cases of Incligestio3,Weaknese, Nrrvous- nese, Low Spirits, Steeplesseess, Dyspepsia, Liver Com- plaints, Neuralgia, and leflaerza. We claim that Gwilym Evacuee Quinine Bitters is a General Benefactor oZ Suf- fering Humanity. Hundrel3 of testimonials prove this, coming flon3 all classes of the community. Pain is no respector of persons, be advised, try Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bittere,a sovereign remedy for various ailments, for rich and poor alike. When you buy Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, you get what you think you gat, Wow:- lutely the Tonic of Natures own providing, comprised of the lbenefiisnt properties contained in Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Burdock, Lavender, and Dandelion in addition to Quinine. It is nos so much what you pay for a thing, but what you get for what you pay. Don't listen to toe "Just as good" artument. there ie no Tonic " Just as gcol " as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, it stands supremo. To prevent disappointment, above at things see that you got the right article, with the name "Gwilym Evans "on Label, Scamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine. Sold everywhere in bottles 23.9 d. and 44.61. each, but should any difficulty be ex- perienced in procuring Gwilym Evans' Qeitine Bitters, it will be forwarded carriage free, for the above prices, by the Sole Proprietors: The Quinine Bitters Manufac- turing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

GWILY3I EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILIM EVANS' QUININE BETTERS. GWILYM -EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE the MAGISTRATES.

ASS&IILTING & FOREWOMAN AT MIiSRS• CROSFIELD'S

WORKS.

On Frilay at the Warrington Borough Court. before the Mayor and other magistrates, Minnie Clemoes, Annie-street, was sernmoned on a charge of smutting Jessie Preston, of 4, Church-street on November the llth.—Mr. A. Browne, said he was instrucred by Wears Crosfield and Sons, Limited, to prosecute the defendant , for the assault because it lucre in consequence of the nature of the employment between complainant and defendant. The complainant was one of the for- women in the stamping room. There were about sevente girls in this place and the defendant was one cf the seventy. Her conduct being bad and her work neelected, the forewomen was compelled to report her. The manager Made incoifee and found the stet meet made by the complainant to be quite true and Rave the defendant a week's notice. She left Messrs. Crasfield's employ on the 9th lest, and on the day in question, November 11th, the dofendant with her sister were waltlree out ide the the works' gates when the forewcman came out with some of her fellow workers shortly after 5.30. The de- fendant's sister sail she had come te see why her sister "got the sack." The defendant afterwardd struck her in the face with her fist. The complainant toll her to go away bet the defendant sgeinestruck her in the mouth, and the complainant was in a fainting Ot for several minutes. Constable Reb'nson came to her aeslstance. Meers. Crosfield were determined that they were not going to have their work- people interfered with fer doing their duty, and asked the magistrates for protectim.—The complainant gave evidsnce bearing out Mr. Browne's Statement, and s'ated that the defendant afterwards said she would do the same thing egain.—Jane Hough- ton and Lillie Davies, enployed at Messrs. Croseeld's Works, spoke to seeing the defendant assault the cane- plainant.—The defendant admitted striking the com- plainant once in the face and once on the back, but allig.Pcl that the complainant strutk her with a basket. —After hearing the defendant's sister, the rnagiere tes fined the defendant Sc. inctudisg coets, and warned her as to her future conduct.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROM3EI POLICE COURT.

RlDaY.—Before the Mayor (Alderman Wright). Alderman Roberts, Councillor Smethurst, Mr. 11,mberds Dr. Goma glocArnen.—Ellen Cheettiam, a laundress. of no settled abode wis charged with being drunk and disorderly at Friars Green the previous afternoon and her husband James Cheet- ham, a labourer, was charged with stealing from a clothes line in Rose and Crown-street two cotton shirts and two flannel singlete, value /Os., the property of Robert Callan.— P.C. Millington stated that he was on duty at Friars Green the previons afternoon when he saw tile female ardioner drunk. She was accompanied by her hnsband wh) hal a bundle under his arra. When asked where he got it from be replied got it from my wife." With the assistant)) of P.C. Monks ha beau lilt them to the Police Station.—idetee- tiVe Superintendent Monaghan asked for a remand until Monday in order that further particulars might be obtained about the buudie.—The magistrates adjourne i the case until Monday. A PRoVOKEn As9ATTLT.—Williain Flanaghan pleaded guilty assaulting Mary Hannah Stearn on Wednesday night.— The complainant appeared in court with her eyes disco'oured and stated tie it the prisoner struck her a violent blow in the face.—The prisoner said he was provoked to strike the com- plainant by the lan ;uage she used towards himand had tried to make mischief between him and his wife —The magic- I nites tin,d him 104 including costs and warned the com- plainant as to her conAuct in future. A SITISFACTOEIr RE9ITLT.--JOhli MCLOUZhIin and Mary McLoughlin, 21 Haydock-street, were summoned at the in- stance of Inspector McAteer on a charge of neglecting their cluildrea.—The Inspector said the defendants were charged on the 22nd ult with neglecting three of their children. The magistrates adjourned the Ca3o for a month. Since thee be was very pleased to tell their worships that there was a marked improvement in the home and the condition of the Children. tie would therefore ask the magistrates to will- draw the case..—The Mayor said the magistrates were very pleased to withdraw the case. SIOIT To A TRUANT SCltoor..—John Bircball, 4, Enfield- street, was summoned at the instance of Mr. Jones, schmi attendince °Meer. for neglecting to Cause his child to attend school regularty,—The magic rates after hearing the evidence sent the lad to the Illghtown Training School. WOMEN'S QUARESLA.—Mary Lowe summoned Mary Jane Burke on a (Marge of assaulting her on the 16th inst. A cross- summons was ialued by Burke charging Love with a like offence.—Mr. J Jenkins represented Burke. —Mrs Lowe stated that Mrs. Parke came to he: on the date named and struck her in the eye and pulled her hair. She produced a small bundle of hair which she said Mrs Burke had pulled out of her head. Evidence in Corrohor ition was given by Samuel Henshall and Mrs BishOp.—Speaking on eelialf of Burke, Mr Jenkins said the Case for the detence was that Mrs Lowe was the aggressor.—Mrs Burke staled that Lowe spat in her d-ca en fues lay and on the following day cc she (Burke) was Pasting Mrs Lowe's house Mrs. Lowe c-.lled her names and struck her. She pulled her to the floor,and bit her on the arm and afterwards kicked her, —Mary Ellen Buckley and Margaret all and other neigh.. bones gave corroborative evidence.—The roagiattates

BIRDS. ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED. AND mounted in Glass Cases any dettgn. HEADS and HORN i mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Wend Screens or Fire Screens. Deale in British end Foreign Birds and Animals' Billus. Butterflies, Bird.' Eggs. Ella" shades, Sta7,s' Steads. Cat'nets, Store Boxes, Nets and a' t Requisftes for Butterfly and 2"—,b,,,, no—ileetors —B. COOK Naturalist and Furrie:, 21, Baushaar - strJet, LiSerpo(- E Established 24 years.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

T F one firm of manufacturers more than another keeps I abreast of the times in the matter of implements for SpOrt, that firm is Geo. G. BITSSEY CO., who are leading the way again with their latest improved' D5M01:1 iver ' Hockey Club. bearing their well known trade mark CCD(. Ask the local Sports Dealer for G. B & Co's Special Hockey List. if not procurable apply to 33 & 38. QueeP Victoria-street. London. Factories —Peckham, Loudon ; ann Elmswell, Suffolk. Advt. (2).

===== 0002601_18981125_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. LANCASHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

WARRING lON OUTCLASSED AT OLDHAM.

HEAVY SCORING BY TaE CHAMPIONS.

The return match between Watrin;tort and Oldham , , took place on the ground of the latter, at Watershed- dings, on Saturday, M weather of the most suitable de- ' seriotion. There was a big erpwd of spectators, able 112,003, 200 of whom accompanied the Warrington team. 'The tattle are not likely to forget Saturday's match in a hurry, tne Oldb imites giving them a trouncing whicn they far from expected. J. T. Bate, the Warrington captain, was unable to play owing to a damaged shonlder trastained the previous we-k, and his absence disorganised the team. Duckworth filled the vacancy at half b mk. Holcroft'gaing centre and letting in 11 arria of the "A " team, on the right wing. 01.1harn had their bet posaible teem on, T. Fletcher, the Ir,torna- Monet being ebent but he could hardly have improved the thrmquarter line.. S. Lees (captain), F. Davies,and Bonsor r ,app ,leed after three week's suspension.. Mr. J. Br micelle w (Stockport) officiated as referee, and the following was the eleltlo3lthrl of the teams : Warrington : Hallam full back ; Fish, Duckw)rth, Hficrcft, and EWA% three-quar,e-s ; Aihuret and Duck- worth. halfbacks • 'Taylor, Deakin, N aylor,Mason,Swift, Baard nan, Fairhurst and Sullow, forwards. 01 lham : 'no nag, full back ; 9 VVilliams,T. D ivies rS. Lees aid Martin, trareeq aarters; A. Laea and Lawton' half backs ; M )ffa' t !Prater, Telfer, J. L )es, E *wards+ Ellis, Sellars, and Bonsor, forwards.

lilierwood'who captain;d the Warrington team, was euccessful with the spin of the coin and had the advan- tage of a f iiriy strong breeze in tie first hale Muff itt started the game. and no return being made the home forwards ruehed down the field in a body, the referee being the first upset, amid great laughter. Warrington had possession from the first serimeneze,lout Duckworth and Ashurst made no headway. A. Lees secu-ed and put in a Overt pant which Hallam returned irit touc Exchenze kicking eventually deposited the bill in tee , Warrington half. where A. Lees, Lawton aid Sam tiaras pissed we'!, but cnu'd not get through. Oldham ' azain secured, end A. Lees easily beating the Warrine ton halves tried the other wing, Martin aceomelishing the trick in grand style. The try was in re-A position, but S. Lees failed with the goal kick. Hallam was pi:min-at with agood response to a penalty kick, and Eloicreft kept Ma tin out with a Bee talkie. , More clever towing by the h nue backs was only cheeke on the line, S. Williems and S. Lees being pulled down' withia a minute of each other. The Warrineton m en had a tore and a passing bontgave Fish peesession.tne latter_ runninz well down touch until brought down by Ma-- tin. A penalty against Arthur Lees for putting the bill in wrong was of assistance to Warrineton, and from Elolcroft's kick an invasion of th 0 deem half followed. Liwtin eterted ano'heer passing run and S. Williams travelled back to centre, knocking on when he hid an opal field. At this stage of the gams Warrington were not doing 'badly. especially when a race for the bail ensued between Isherwool and Lawton. ant the latter deliberately obitructed the Warringtonien with the re- sult that he got his side panat,aul. A second later S. LPes received and passing prettily to Martin, the latter romped in behind the po4s. Again Lees failed at goal. Hardly ha i Warrington dropped out before A. Lees secured, and passed to Tom Davies who easily beat Harris and scored a grail try. TILI time Prater had a , shy at goal but to no purpo ie. Warrineton's def3nsive power was now tested to the full, and they escaped luckily when Martin got away, punted to the line, and over-ran the ball. Harris obtained relieF for the visitors by a speedy follow up, and tack'e of Thomas in his own half. Davies resumed the at ice with a shirt punt al d tackle of the Warrington custodian. S. Williams get over, but the pass to hien was palpably forward and he wa4br mghtback Lawten retaliated with a clever indivi- dual ran which wee crowned with another try. 'Prater kicked a goal. The visit-irs were clearly demoralised, but they made another effort and should have scored, ha! not Deakin and Taylor spoiled a dribble by kicking clean into 'Thomaa's hands when close t, the Oldnana line. Play was soon back in Warrinetott territory, and another series el automatic exchanges between A. Lees, T. Davie, and Williams resulted in the latter crossing at the corner, atd running unopposed behind the posts. rater failed again to land an easy goal. Toe only inci- dent occurring from now to half time was the intercept- ing of a pass by Fish, who took the hall with one heed and ran to the O'rlham line where Thomas suceese tackled him. lialf time Oldham 1 goal 5 tries (17 •-ntl) Warrington nil.

Oldham were naturally in an excellent hemnnr at their success against the wind, While Warrinzt in were correspondingly downcast. Taylor re-atened, and in short time Duckworth aecared and kicked across to Fish who failed te gather the ball and bolt a fine chance. fiallam gave Oldham a hold by missing a catch on his coal line. Martin rerelved from Lawton and dashed in, f Wing, just short of the line. Wllliaine had a similar ex- Derience at the opposite corner the next moment. croft bind Fish then got away and traversed half the filid with a clever cowling mn whica should have re- suited in a try but did not, A. Let checking preemie at the critical mement. Frem leo,e play at centre, Frater picked up and throwing to T. Davies, the ' latter out- paced all the Warrington backs and scored finely near the posts. S. Less again essayed thc goal-kick and this time succeeded. Hardly had Warrington sent the tall into the Oldham half befor3 Martin intercepted a pass at his own 25. and sprinted alnico .t the length of the field before traunding under the crass-bar. Len apia improved. Wareinston seemed entirely unable to cope wi'h the finished combination of the home back*, land after a brief stay in the home half were driven back and Martin cot in at the c-rnor from a wide pass. No gial resrilted. The same player scored another ma;nifl cent try after running with S. L- es nearly the leisk.h of the field, and from a position opposite the goal S. Lees easily impreved. Fish male a last dying eff .rt for Warrington, and Jost before time S. Williams dashed In at the comer, only te he held by Hallam. The final score was Oldham 4 goals, 9 tries (35 points), Warrini,- ton, till.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
LEIGH v. ST. HELEN 3.

At Leigh, before 3,500 sreatatore. St. Helens were fully reprasented, Briers and Traynor, who were absent whenthe teams mrt at St. Helene a fortnight agO,turn- ing out. Leirtb, howev. r were at a disadvantage. their fullback J. Coleman, not having sufficiently recovered frem his injor et. The start wa9 of a rather sensational charac..e.., as no retina was male to the St. Helens kick- off,the hall glancing off a Leigh payer into touch. The ta'l was kckel to noberte, who made a pant from which Ca7eamy made hi; nark in front of the Leigh rotas. and Traynor kicked a go.al barely two mintres f rem the start. Keeping up the attack Dusbavin next dropped at real from short range, but was unsuccessful. A rush by the St Helens tor wards removed play to the Leigh end, where Pearson saved cleverly, and, after an

===== 0002601_18981125_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
FEMALE A fLMENTS Irr.gularlties and Obstructions however obstinate qiitckly and ure reUevrd and removed in a few noars, after all else fails, this sensedv acts as mule. Full particulars, testimonials and proofs will be sent on receipt of stamped envelope.

Yadrn m.kraiS, 20, 113i$111pogatoiN1tnout, London }co bed 30 Ye:r).

===== 0002601_18981125_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIA.TION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON V. LIVERPOOL RAMBLERS.—PIayed at Warrington on Saturday. The home team kicked off, and R. Pierpeint scored in the first minute. On resump- tion play was brought to the visitors' end, but the ball was kicked dead. Liverpool were playing a good pass- ing game and for the first time went to the home team's qoart,r dig. Here eewkei commenced a fine dribble, which resulted in another goal for Warrington. De•mite the score Liverpool were having the best of play, and Robertson was tested, hut was found safe. Again War- rington got away, and after Smart play by the whole of the forwarde, R. Piervint notched the third goal. From the restart the home team kept np a combined attack, which regaltei in Faircloueh adding the fourth goal. This proved to be the finish of the scoring for the home team, as Liverpool were playing splendidly, and ten minutes from the interval opened the scoring by a grand shot. This was quickly followed by another beauty, and at the interval the score read—Warrington, four goals ; Liverpool Ramblers, two goals. In the secend half during which Towne. Warrington, was dis- able], the Ramblers did not lose 'mach time in adding their third goll,whieh was the outcome of splendid com- bination. Play afterwards exiled down considerably, neither side ganaMg the advantage, but it promised to be an exciting finish, and the spectators were not d's- appointed, as the Liverpool team commenced to take up the attack. Shote were rained upon the home goal, and Robertson cleared some very difficult ones. The attack was checked for a time by Silcock, but the visi- tors came again and equalised. Shortly afterwards they obtained the lead, and at the finish the score stood— Liverpool Ramblers, five goals ; Warrington, four goals: BARNTON ROVERS V. WARRINGTON ST. MART'S.—The above elevens met on the ground of the former on Satur- day. The game opemed in a sensational manner, as Heneghan voted for Warrineton in the first minute. The Rovers livened no somewhat, and forced a corner, from which Hughes headed a splendid goal, thus equal- izing matters. Both teams played up strongly after , this, but before the interval Meakin obtained the lead for the Saints. Half-time :—Warrington, two goals ; Barn- ton, one goal. In the second half Tom Mather scored another goal for the visitors, Jones scored a second point for Baroton, and Riding equalizsd with a capital shot. Nothing further was mcbred, and the whistle blew with the score :—Barsiton Rovers, three goals ; Warrington, three goals-

NEWTON-LB-WILLOWS V. SEACOMBS SWIFT/.—On Saturday. Seacornhe Swifts were the visitors to the Nursery Ground in a match under the auspices of the Liverpool Combination. The homssters male two changes In the team which drew with Kirkdale the Satur- day prsvious, Smith taking the place of Rh .elhotham and Elam going in gal in place of Marsh who hurt his foot,at Kirkdale. The homesters won the toss and Free- mat kicked off for the Swifts before about 100 specta- tors. The visitors at cane became dangerous but Laith- , waite relieved with a huge kick. Hill and Butler initi- ated a grand run up the field and when clone in. the f vmer passed to Frankland who hadlhad hard lines with a splendid shop. Aided by a couple of fools the visitors ' got into the home goal and after an exciting scrimmage in the goal month, Miller scored their first goal after ten minutes play. Play ruled very even for a time after this, both goals being visited in turn but owing to the sterling defence shown on both aid's, neither side could score. Just before half time grand passing movements on the part of the home forwards enabled Frankland to have a shy at goal. The ball sped true to its mark but was fisted out by the visitors' custodian, and Butler meeting it on the rebsund banged it into the net, making tha scores equal. Mid-field play followed until half- time wh, n the score read :—Newton, 1 ; Swifts 1. Hill restartcd, and play in the re-opening stages favoured the hornentera who forcel a fruitless corner. At this p int of the game fouls were very frequent, the players showing a tendency to knock the ball along with their hands. The visitors soon worked their way into the Newton goal, and Freeman placed his side ahead with a shot which gave Ellam no chance. From the restart the Newton forwards carried the hall into the visitors' territory, but try as they would they could not score, the visitors' custodian saving shot after shot. About 5 minutes bet re time Smith scored the equalising goal after an exciting scrimmage in the coal ' mouth. Soon alter this, the whistle went with the score :—Newton- le-Willows, 2 ; Seacombe Swifts, 2. RUNCORN v. BRUNAWICIC WESTAYAN match teok place on the ground of the former en Satin. day. The home backs were in great form and broke up any attempt at combination the visitors made and Tern- perley receiving, started a nice passing movement kr- twe m Burrows Hopwood and Hilton and Temperley again receiving cleverly slipped between. The visitors' backs had no difficulty in opening the score on behalf of the home team. After samo stiff tussles between the visiting front rank and the home halves the home brigade were again to he seen in fu'l sail for goal and the visiting backs being too far up field got right past them and with only Wright to beat Temperley made the score 2to nil. Half time arrived with the score : Run- corn 2, VVesleyans nil. Hopwood started the second half, in which play was more even and there was no further score. This Saturlay the Guild play Widnes Albions at Runcorn, kick off at 3 o'clock. The ground is along Canal-stre2t near the Ilighfield Tannery.

JOHN \VALXR AND CO., "EKAMINEW OFFICE"

UNDERTAKE PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRIMING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR BUILDING:SOCIET lES, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, JOHN WALKER AND CO.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
When you look upon ymr child and study the problem of its health, it will sometimes be well to remember that wore you building a house, you would not use bricks alono ; you would use mortar, and wood, and iron,and many other things to make your house grow as it should. When a child is growing, it is absolutely essential that its system should be supplied with lime to make the growth of bne in harmony with the rest of its development. The various forms of curva- ture called rickets, and in fact, nearly all the mala- dies of children come from the inability of the eve- tern to digest and arbimilate the essential elements of food.

Just glance at the picture of the healthy little boy which we here reprlduce, and then read the letter from his mother, which says :

"1. Gordon-terrace, Como-road, Forest-hill, Juno 11th, 1898. "Dear Sir—l have much pleasure in stating the wonderful e&ct Scott's Emulsion big had on my little boy. lie has been suffering very badly with tickets, and nothing whatever seemed to do him much good. At last, being adviied to try Scott's Emulsion, I purchased a bottle, which did him more good than anything I eve: tried

===== 0002601_18981125_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
" A t IS St rch,sed

Scotts E ISith 0"

66 Which did him more good than

anything I ever tried for him."

===== 0002601_18981125_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
for him. I then let him continue with it for a short time, and I am most grateful to say that no is alto- gether a different cnild. The effect rerlly marvellous. I cannot plak too highly of youc valuable preparation, and shall be only ton ple!',ll to recommend it wheievrr I can. Yours faithfu'ly, (Signed) Mr 3. ANNIE ALDRIDGE." The esplanation of the benefits which children derive from Scott's Emulsion is very sim^7e. Son' Emu'sion has a tavoorable effect upon dige!. tion, it is readily absorbed into the blood, and it furnishes material for the development of bone as well as promoting the making of healthy flesh. Scott's Emulsion is so palatable that children love the taste of it. That it has an extraordinary effect upon all children who do not thrive cannot for an instant be doubted. In addition to Cod-liver oil, Scott's Emulsion contains hypophosphites and glycerine, and it may be safely said that Emulsion is the only perfect emulsion of csd-liv r oil in the world. For sale by all chemists.

You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emu'sion by sending threepence to ewer postage to Scott and Bowne, Limitei, Manufacturing, Chemists, 95, Great Saffron-hll, Lucien, E.C., and mentioni this paper.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
NESTLE'S 'XMAS PRIZES.

T. BIRTLES, PHOTOGRAPHER, LE GLI HOUSE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN PHOTOGRAPHY. CABINa PORTEALTS A SPECIALITY.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE THIRD OF YOITR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP 0N .OUIt PURE BEDDING.

FEATHER BEDS, 35/-, WOOL BEDS, 10/9 PILLOWS, 1/3., HAIR 4TTEIESSS, 39/6. WOOL I* ‘TTRES7ES, 1219 100 FEATHER PIL,,OWS AT 2s. 60. All properly Purified by Chemical Process pod ONARANTRED SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOS IMMEDIAIZ USE. STROM/ BEDSTEADS. 13e. IIo.WIRE MATTRESS, 9s. 9r14 B - ASSInETTES AND M 25 AILrARTS FROM ...__ Note the Aldress

LIVERPOOL BEDD/NG Co., HOUSE FURNISHERS, REWSiIw WAIMINOTON.

7REET,

RoBFRT P. Kiut AND SONS, NURSERY AND SEEDS LIEN,

11, BASNETT:.TEEET, AND AIGBURTH NURSERY, GRASSENDALE, ',warPooL. TENNIS COURTS, BOWLING GREENS. Pure Evergreen Dwa f Liwn Grass Seed'. Is. rER L. 84e. PER 04T. CARRIAGE PAW. ARP 'lois is our Special Mixture of the very finest Wit— 4 EvEr.nEEEN GRASS SEEDS, perfectly free from Seed° s's Weed, a ne as sown by us on our lawns round the GrouP. of Eve ,ntens, Lees, and Shrubs, for which we wet awarded the GOLD MEDAL, LIVERPOOL EXHIBITION, 1886' An 4 which, from their emerald geeen colour and fineßest grlned the sO ointion of all vbitors. We sruppliedc les7l; season w:th the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn Grass, e for nearly two hundred acres. NEW, PURE, AND RELIABLE. LOWER AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest T.'rices for Best Quality. lIIGHaT AWARD T TAB ERHIBTTION.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
POINTS. FOR Aeorr

'2ll, `;''s r t",

===== 0002601_18981125_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
'WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB

FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

POINTS. !OR AGST 3 3 fiept. —dwinton, h 0 9 10—Oldham, h 3 0 17—St. Helens, h 0 9

24—Widnes, a Oct. 1— Bali ord, a i 0 B—Morecambe, b, 15—Barrow, h_ 3 2 20 Soy.

ii-ft oehdale H., a 29—Tyldesly h 0 9 6—Millom, a , 3 8 __. . _ . 0 35

12—Broughton R. n .

19—Oldham, a 26—Morecambe a

pee. 3—Birrow, a .. 10—Wigan, h 17—Stockport, ii

24—Birkenheid VV., h 26—Runcorn, h 31--Bwinton. a Zan.

7—Wigan, a 14—Leigh. h

_ 21—Tyldesley, a 28 —Stock port, a X'eb. 4—Leigh, a 11—Salford, h 18—St. Helens, a... 25—Broughton it• Igar. 4—Rochclale it., n 11—Widnes, h 18—Barrow, a 25—Cup Tie h Apr. 1-Cup Tie 3—Runcorn, a K Rovers, h 15—Birkenhead W., a

RUNCORN FOOTBALL. CLUB

===== 0002601_18981125_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

70INTS. FOR ..kGST Sept. 3—Wigan, a 4 3 10-- 17—Salford, h 24-01dham, a I—Leigh, 112 3 a B—WiAneß. a 15—Cheshtre v Lancashire 5 4 22—Tyldesley, a 29—Cheshire • Yorkshire, WM. s—Morecambe, h 12—Salford, a 19—cheahire v Cumberland, 26--Brooghton R., h

Cot.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Dec. 3 h 10—Swintxp.

17—itoc- hdale H., h 24—Broughtr R., a

26—WarringtOn, a 31—Tylde.-ley. h Jan. 2—St, Helens, a 7—Swinton, a 14—Wi gan, h 21—Stockport, h 213—Leigh. a • Feb. 4—St. lielena, h 11—Morecambe, a 18—Widne3, h 25—Rochdale H., a.. Mar. 4—Oldham, h 11—Stockport, a Apr. 3—Warrington, h ........... .............

WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURE--S- AND RESULTS.

POINTS. FOR .LGST Sept. 3—St. Helens, h Al—Wigan, a lO 2 17—Morecambe, a 24 Warrington, h Oct. I—Tyldesley. a B—Runcorn, h 15—Lancashire v Cheshire, 22—Le1,zi: h 29—Rochda1e 11., a 9 6 Nov. s—LancaBhire v Yorkshire, 12-3winton, a... 3 ...... 30 19-Balford, h ... 9 6 26—St. Helens, a Dec. 3—La neat hire v Cumberland, 10—Oldham, a

• 17-10, ecambe, h 24—Roanda1s K., h

26- 31—Leigh, a Zan. 2- 7---Stockport, a 14—Stockport, b 21—Salford, a 23—Broughton IL, a 4-INldeBley, h 11—Wigan, h 18—Runcorn, a 25—Oldham, 11 4 Broughton R., h

11-Warrington, a Apr. 3—swhiton, h

ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

Sept. I—Salford (friendly), a 3—Widnes, a 10—Broughton R., h 17—Warrimton. a .24—Morecambe, a 03t. I—Oldham, h B—Rochdale R.. h 22 3

15—Lancaster. a'

22—Swhaton, a 0 10 29—Wigan, a 22 3 nor. s—Leigh, h 0 8 12—Wigan, h 18—Leigh, a 26—Wldnes, h Dee. 3—Btricenhead W., h 10--Broughton It., a 17—

24—Salford, a 26—Ty1dei1ey. h 31— Zan, 2—Runcorn, h 7--Salford, h 19—Swinton, h 21—Birkenhead W., a 28-01dh3m, a Feb. 4—Runcorn, a 11—Ryldealey, a 18—Warrington, h 25 Mar. 4--Stockport, a 11—Rochdale H., a 31—Etockport, h Apr. 3—Lan aster, h B—Xforecambe,

TO-DAY'S MATCHES. Morecambe v Warrington! Runcorn v Broughton Rangers St. Helens v Widnes Stockport v Salford Swinton v Wigan Leigh v Oldham Rochdale Hornets v Tyldesley

4,t rion,s ta el

OF aseed

roll 7 Comgas s t h zu, a azao 'lt is 219 '7l z--2, era s a

.6 NtSA f 4 07e-,44, <SZ4sA„, 4z) k . •4 7_ , ~,, Ili 4., mc ,rizAQ r I.ILA

===== 0002601_18981125_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
AND ALL

Lung Troubles.

Se o above Trade Mark on each Wrapper.

In Bottles, 1/11, 2/3, 4/6, and 11/.

POWEEL'S Mild APERIENT PILLS, l/1- a Box

ESTABLtStiED 1824. Bad by Chemist., througlaout the World.

seCxLAIIKE'S B 41 PILL 3 are warranted to cure. in eithir t.ri. all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the tie,Lb‘r3, Grgai.s, Gravel and Pains in the bail. Free from "e4rY Established upwards of 30 reds. In boxes 4s. 6d ot • brit th all Chemists and Patent MediciLe Vendors through Lincoll World, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The .4dot and Midland Countles:,Drug...Comlatty, Lincoln.—

To 1110THEtis.-51re. Wiivuslow's dooming uyrup hasbeen for over filty years by millions of mothers tor their chit dren while teetking with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. (tie pleasant to taste : it pro- duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child frompain and the little cherub awakes" as briglat as a button," Of al chemists is. lid. per bottle.-7.4det,

VALUABLE DISCOVERY Fal THE HAIL—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling eff use the MEXICAN HAIR REP:EWER, tor it wilt positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly ea utiful, as well as promo& g the growth. Price 3e. 6d bperbrottle.—Advt.

he Royal Laundresses ay eritelLey s " bzesolla lizoss is rtneskualled for Imparting a beautliof finish to starched linen. &0., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall. s ay;—My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— I am, pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch, Glazes And Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d:, by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. OffITCZILEY Blackburn, Proprietor.—Advt.

PIANOS. PIANOS. PIANOS. 50 PER CENT SAVED. PURCHASE DIRECT P 2031 THE ABSOLUTE MANUFACTURERS. EVERY PIANO GUARANTERD tort 2; YEARS psoza pi r. 109 ()Asti Usually Sold Lei Much Greater Veductlous OR Higher Classes' SAVE YOUR MONEY BY TRADING DuKm. PIANOS at WHOLESALE PRICES Direct from the Factory by the Leading and WWellknown Firm of E. BISIIOP AND SONS. LIMITED, SIIL/dONT STEW, CHALK FARM, LONDON. N.W. WEST-END SHOW-ROOMS- -19, BAKER MEET, LONDON, W. BRANCH SHOW-ROOMS- -287, GRAY'S .INN KING'S CROSS, LONDON'

Medals an, —iglu.— International Exhibitions. OUR PIANOS ARE WELL KNOWN IN EVERY TOWN IN THis UNITED KINGDOM. Designs of hisher classes at equally low prices on application. EASY TEEMS of PAYMENT MAY BE ARRANGED. Securely Packed and Delivered to any part of the United Kingdom. Buy Direct and Save the heavy Profits of the Middleman. uch facilities have never befora been offered the Public. Write for Price List and Full Drawings. E. BISHOP AM) HEAD OFFICE AM) WORKS— BBLUONT STREET. CHALK FARM, LuEDON, E.W. ESTABLISHED 1862. Telegraphic Addreaa--.1 ARCHBISHOP LORDOS."

a td Hlgbet Awar•le_ nt_all the Lead] nal "

===== 0002601_18981125_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Mar.

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1898

===== 0002601_18981125_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
4 If gO Pi n ,—• .. ;i,, ,' , rt .4S; '' 4:: ' ''. 1 1:: : -44 - : : \s A' '‘.4t, 6. . ' . • k,,,,te, .• ''', ;,',!,!'",4 ~,,, l''''-'4' -."' ,A,. ~,„egot fira , • Ay"- *,t, ~,,,„:, ..,'4,,,r..,, °;,,, ~: ~ : , , ).44 . ' . ''.m. 'le ~.ko ~,,:. m .:, .!,, ' f;;;:k ''''. t-kr $.,, 1:.,--•. ;,..; ..,..„...,, , 4:07 ~ek,,,,,..,,i,,iii,,z,,,,J,,,..,.4.,,,, ......,,V!' A , . ~,,, ~: ~,., i'54.,‘ +t , ifA D V V,i.V . • t,',31.:44K-' '*'l; . . .. IA .6 : .'.4' *s.fril • 7°'*‘(.A. '

RN G 8 ERCCIiES) BRACELETS) PINS; PENDANTS) NECKLACES, HEAD ORNAMENTS, STARS, STUDS AND LINKS,

SPECIAL "ENGAGEMENT" RINGS OF SELECTED GEMS.

At Maker's Lowest Nett Cash Prices, saving 33 per cent. Selections Sent on Approval. Illustrated Book of' Jewellery of all kinds, Watches, Clocks, Rings (with Card Sizes), Plate and Cutlery, post free.

Steam Factory: 62 8 64; ILIIIILITE HILL; Et '5:, 251 OLD BOND 57.111., 281 ROYAL EXOHANE, Eitl; LONDON.

FLORILINE I—Fo THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thokoughl of to "Magazine of Music the gums, prev O CTORIAL NOFORTE OR 5 NET 250 PAGES Price, it cannot be obtain cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden a nts tartar, stops decay. and gives to the (Full Music Size.) teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance The Pictorial tutor Descriptive Prospectus Tme most ••• POST: , Contains 70 Illustrations to the breath. Price 2s. 61. for the liquid, or is. per jar for being published at Nett sent Post Free on application markable & cheap. and over 250 Songs the Florilins "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— I obtained " Office, est book ever published. , thernSi Adv • anybook or musicseller uncle r 5- 20, Ludgate Hill, London, E.°. The Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes. Dances, Carols An ;

X 9 M *v+

e•2O- -- '4'7 ~,-•.'•'--''' '17....-, ...c,' . •9. ...... ,•:.; _., ~."..,:, 1„,,,,,,.. •• ...41:;- ~,,_f., , „.„, 4 1 •_. tAt ..,,,! .• . „, ,:.., '..r, ~ 7 /=.1,7"/"..- A a -. e,t.- , •.,,,, 4-,,(,-, • • , • 4? ~..,;„.....4.,...,. ~ , ..:. w• _ .

===== 0002601_18981125_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
• • . .. immoi,, ..,,, ...,,,,, ~...,„ • T . I . , . ' C - . ...; ' e ... 4•1•1

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
CF.IVEKG HOUSE— Barlestown

WEEK-D ITS. 1015 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

Suß-oFlicrq

*Ashton Collins Green *Go'borne LoWton Stubshaw Cross NVinwick *Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m.

7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-at., Gelborne Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m,

5. 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. S 15 a.m. and 6-46 p.m. 9-30 am tnd 7 p.m. 8-30 am, and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6 time as letters.

1 To I Caller'.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, He'shy, & Lymm Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, 73outhport, Present. Wigan, Orms- kirk Whin & Eeriest own London. Foreign, and the South Midland Counties tt South Wales Preston, Nor.h Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester .... . Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midland, Northern, eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and 6-1 Eastern Counties

? • a.m. 10-30 „ 1045 „ 1.1140 „ }ll-4b 1• 12-0

from the Receiving Mice at Bark 'mi.; from all Sub-0810es at the earn

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS:-

I Nil. 110-15 a.m

===== 0002601_18981125_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
.2-16 p.m.

2-lb .. 13-15

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-2 Q p.m.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
430 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. 4-55 a. m 10-30 fon

===== 0002601_18981125_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
5 a.m. ' Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
By Postmen , 7-0 a. 0..

11-30 Lyn

===== 0002601_18981125_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
••+. ,

MEN

WHO ARE

WEAK

=ago" 9 , MS

WORTH A GLInNiFIA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
-4.4) •-• 1„ • t4' 'f.2o ) "TV '• 4,gr, ,• ". 4‘. 4 + - '7 2! 7 , ' sP*4 ' • 1-

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS ~ISORDERS,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constißation,

Weak Stomach, fremaited Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Vemale Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEIZCHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. 11d., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

A Sure and Certain CURE for PAINS iI lhe EFACK& JPINTS. A HEW DISCOVERY.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
0 pit, ~:4 .i.r0.,( ..„ op Lit ,;,§irr 4,111: 7, . ‘, 1 1,-. i: '4E174 an ,

Will relieve pain 30 minutes after applying the Plaster.

ALL CHEM:STS.

Wholesale : 104, GOLDEN LANE E.C.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE, CHEST,

W ITH a prudent use, has saved Many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

===== 0002601_18981125_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. et)

===== 0002601_18981125_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
L....1E AN'*BKYLJOUS p x x

FREE ROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

Beware

JrVitOttZ:4&3vl4o

0tt0ntiei.34,00640•044-4.64904" ISymington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are made from a se- lection of the finest coffees grown. Sold in small and large bottles 2- by all Grocers. 444.0400•04>ZAG+GY,6

. '7"...*`-..,,,,-, • :i. ~,:itt.'. ~,,,-.4.-:•,:: , . ancrasY 0031111.ECT ALL lIIREGITLARITME:, 1323109111 US. 1, 'onsrrrnexions, and rstieve the distressing synsptOms Es,' prevalent with the sea. 8.3%e5,1/li.,k 2'3 (contains threcri the the quantity), of all Chemists. Ernt anywharte. on rooeint of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE 4tco4 li•lannfacturers, Dryden gt., Nottingham.' ...: 4, -- ,/ Trnitaliorts. injurious ard volt/Lb-sr. _-m.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=I

===== 0002601_18981125_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

7, a' 'F. •

===== 0002601_18981125_art0127.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_18981125_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

===== 0002601_18981125_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

- .

?

===== 0002601_18981125_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
4e:

• 1/4

, . ,

V

. - - 'I.: : - • . ' , . k ' .14k _ .2..",5, , IU'C: , ',-."6.e.f., - - % .. ii. 7., t *, g'''' 6,,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN & NEWTON.

P.S.A. At the usual weekly gathering of the P.S,A., on Sunday afternoon there was a fairly numerous attendance. Mr. James Smith presided, end an excellent address was given by Mr. G. Dring, missionary. Recitations were given by Miss M. Ord, and the vocal selections were rendered by Mr. F. P. Clare. ORGAN RECITAL AT EAELESTOWN. On Sunday afternoon, Mr. H. W. Radford, organ- ist at St. John's Cnursh, gave a faresvAll organ recital, previous to his resignation of the position. The proceeds were toward., clearing off the balance remaining on the organ repair fund. There was a very fair audience, and the following programme was ably submitted :—Organ solo "Organ Coacertor (No. 5) ; violin solo (a) "Canzona," (b) "Andante Religioso," Mr. J. H. Peplow; organ solo, "Barcarolle F";in vocal solo." The rleavenly Song," Miss A. Clarke ; violin solo, "Romance in F," Mr. replow ; organ solo, "Can'il en e Pastorale''; organ solo, "Grand Fugue in E flat" and "Coronation March." PRESEVATION TO AN ORGANIST. Mr. IT. W. Radford, organist at St. John's Church, Fatlestown, having accepted nno'her position in a similar caoacity, was on Friday evening the recipient of a purse of gold, as e fidence of the appreciation in which his services were held by the congregation and clergy. A social evening was held in the dist-ict schoolroom, about 100 persons being present. An excellent t-a was partaken of, and at the close of the meal the presentation was made by the vicar (Rev. T. R. Matthews), who ENO presen- ted Mrs. Radfo-d with a gold bracelet. Tile Rev F. Sutcliffe also spoke eulogistically of Mr. and Mrs. Radford, and Mr. Findlay added his quota. Mr. Radford thanked them for their. kindness. During the evening, songs were given by Miss A. Clarke, and violin selen'ions by Mr. J. Lewis. Mr. Dukes presided at t`,e niano. PRESENTATION TO A CHORISTER. There was a very pleasant gathering at the Mis- sion Hall, rarlestown, on Tuesday evening of members of the choir of St. John's Church, and teachers of the S inday school, for the purpose of showing Mr. W. lii„zerion. a former member of the choir, and a teacher in the Sunlay school, in practi- cal form their esteem and appreciation of his ser- vices during his connection with the church,he hay- ing now left the neighbourhood. The Rev. T. R. Matthews presided, and in a few well chosen words presented Mr. Rogerson, on behalf of the choir and teachers with a handsome marbte clock, supplied by Mr. T. A. Pimblett. Master W. Rogerson was alio presented with a Prayer-book. Mr. Rogerson thanked the friends for their kindness, remarkingl that the evidence of their esteem, now before him, I was as pleasant as it was unescoected. The re- mainder of the evening was spent in a social manner. 1

===== 0002601_18981125_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
ORANGE ANNIVERSARY.

The anniversary of the Colonel Waring Lo ige of the Loyal Orange Institution of Great Britain was celebrated on Saturday at the Viaduct Hotel, Earlestown, when Bro. Tunstall, the host, placed a capital " spread" before the members and visiting brethren and friends who attended. At the meet- ing afterwards, Bro, G. Wright, W.M., olcupied the chair, and Bro. Pilling acted as vice-chairman. They were supported by Bro. J. Tunstall, of Liver- pool, and Bro. J. Robinson, of Haydock. The usual toasts and the toast of the Order were duly honoured, capital speeches being made by Bros. Tunstall and Robinson. During the evening the Apollo Glee Party gave "Comrades in Arms" and "The Sailors' Corps." Bro. Monks sang " Love's Request," which was followed by " Dear England," contributed by Bro. Wright. "Queen of the Earth" was given by Bro. C. It. Lea, and Bro. Sephton rendered "Ever of Thee." A recitation entitled" Man was made to mourn" was given by Bro. Sutton. Bros. Pilling (Ashton) and T. George also contributed items,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE CASES.

At the Earlestown Pa lice Station on Friday morn- log before Mr. Borron, Thomas Parr, a travelling showman was charged on the information of P.O Gascoyne, with being drunk and disorderly. In default oi paying a fine 9f 5; an 1 costs he was sent to gaol for 14 days. On the same day at Newton before Mr. Gillespie. Jane Tnompson ond Elizabeth Tither were charged with soliciting in King-street the previous day and were sent to gaol for 14 days. On Monday morning at Eirlestown Police Station before Mr. Borron, Joselh Johnson was charged on the information of P.C. Gathercola with being drunk and disorderly in If arket-straet and was fined 10a and costs. Charles Roach for being drunk and use- ing obscene language was fined 2; 61 and costs,P.C. Clarke proved the charge. John Kelly and Michael Connanghton were each fined 2s 61 and costs for being drunk and disorderly. P.C. Gascoyne proved the case. On Tuesday morning at Newton Town Hall before Mr. Gillespie, John Slavin of no fired abode, and Michael Morley, were each fined 2s 6d and costs on the information of P.C. Gascoyne for being drunk and diaorderly. In default of payment they were sent to gaol for 7 days. John A.. Jump of Leigh, for being drunk in charge of a horse and cart in Newton was fined 51 and costs. P.C.:Fax proved the case. VIADUCT INSTITUTII,EARLESTOWN.

_ On Monday evening the members of the Insti- tute and their wives were invited to a free concert by the committee, in the large reading room. The ball was packed to overflowing and the various idems submitted were much enjoyed by those pre- sent. The artistes, with one exception, hailed from London,and included Miss Osborne Rayner (Queen's Hall and St. James' Hall, London), Miss Gertrude Maxted (London College of Music), Mr Henry Turn- penny (Queen's Hall and Principal London Con- certs), Mr Montague Borwell (Queen's Hall and St. James, Hall, London), Mr Harry Lawton, humorist. The selections were very choice and were rendered by the artistes in a manner which was fully appre- ciated by those present. The programme was as follows : Song, "The Vagabond." Mr M Borwell ; song, "For the eake of the past," Miss G Maxted ; burlesque recital. "Old Mother Hubbard," Mr Harry Lawton ; song, "Take a pair of sparkling eyes," Mr Henry Turnpenny ; song, me,o sorrow," Mies 0 Rayner ; duet, "Nocturne," Miss G Mexted and Miss 0 Rayner ; female impersonation, " The Motor Car," Mr Harry Lawton; song, "Come into the garden Maud," Mr Henry Turnpenny : song, "Poor wandering one," diss G Masted; duet, " A night in Venice," Miss 0 Rayner and Mr M Borwell; humor- ous sketch, "Society and Variety." Mr Harry Law- ton; song," The Yeoman'e wedding song," Mr M Bor- well; song, "The Swallows," Miss 0 Rayner; quar- tette, "Madrigal," from the" Mikido," Miss G Mas- ted, Miss 0 Rayner, Mr Turnpenny and Mr Borwell. EARLESTOWN CO OPERATIVE SOMETT. The 152nd quarterly meeting of this society was held in the Co-operative Hall, on Monday evening. Mr. D. Forrester presided, and there was a large attendance of members. The report and balance sheet which were submitted and adopted snowed the cash receipts for the quarter to be £6,378 178 being a decrease on last quarter of .£42 108 2td There was no diminished trade represented by a ' small reduction in receipts under last quarter. The net profits realised were £1,024 7s. 11d., which it was propoled to distribute by paying a dividend of 3e in the .£ to members, which would require £046 19s. .£33 10s was taken for special painting and renovating account, and the balance .£.38 18311 d was added to the contingent fund: During the . . . .

quarter 62 new members had been admitted, find 16 had withdrawn, leaving 1,265 on the books, 919 of which had brought in cheques. The Chairman in a few introductory remarks commented upon the satisfactory condition of the society, and the suc- cessful working of the branch shops which had been opened, and which had been the means

of bringing to the society an increased membership. There were six nominations for the tvvo vacancies on the Committee of Management, and the voting was as follows: J. G. Mullins 107, P. Parr 87, G. Bailey 33. L. A. Bullock 30, Edward Adwards 13, John Limond 14. Messrs. Mullins and Parr were therefore re-elected. Mr, D. Forrester , was nominated for election as president. Tbe ques- tion of bat aking was introduced, and it was de- cided that instead of appointing additional stock- takers for the branch shops, to arrange for the em- ployees to take sto* under the supervision of a member of the Committee, and that the bo3lis be sent to the Wholesale Society for extension and calculation. The President said that the opening of the branch shops would be celebrated by a tea- party to be held in February next. A grant of s„5 was ordered to be made to the Technical Insitute Committee. A grant of .E 1 was also made to the Orchestral Society. The question Of making a grant to certain hospitals was broached and after a short discussion it was decided that the matter, be Con- sidered by the Committee and again brought before the members at the next quarterly meeting. This was all the business. " LINSUBD COMPOUND for Coughs and Colds, Asthma, and Bronchlls, 01 Chemists only,—Advt.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ALLEGED SIITCIDE AT HAYDOCIC.

Mr. F. A. Jones, deput carnner, held an inquest at the Owl's Nest, Haydock, on Friday night, on th body cf George Deardan, a collier and nen for Dr. Bowling, aeed thirty-four, of 178, Park-street, Haydock, who was found drowned on Thursday afternoon, in a pond at Boardm3fl'ShrW, Havannah, in the township of Hay - dock. Mrs. Dearden, the widow, gave evidence of iden- tification, and said her husband bad bend missing since Monday morning, when he left the house as usual. He had had some treuble just recently, owing to some accueatioes having been made against him. James Hall, a gamek leper, said tnat on Thursday afternoon; while walking along Boardman's-brow, he nsticed something in tne water. He got the body out, and gave informa- tion to the police.—Tne jury returned a verdict of Found dro wnel." ,

===== 0002601_18981125_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE. ifir,Jr AT E kitLESTOWN.

(BY A CORRESPONDENT)

lam pleased to learn that Mr. John Ball, who has during the past week or so,been lying ssrionsly ill, is now in a fair way to renvery. Thera have been many enquiriss trom numerous friends and acquaintances, out as his medicil attendant forbade anybody to see him, they will doubtless to.i relieved at this intimation.

The Old Folks' Social evening last week was an unqualified success in every way. There were nearly 300 old people over 60 years of age present to the tea, and the sight of such a gathering of the aged was inspiring. The oldest woman present was 97 years of age,ani the oldest man was 95 and both of them hope to be spared to he present at another similar gathering next year. The old lady could not be prevailed upon to honour the company with song,but the old gentleman willingly volunteered and it was affecting to see the tottering old man in front of 300 expectant faees. the song was' Tally Ho ! "and con-ilering his great age, he sang it re- markably well, the other old people singing the chorus with much gusto.

The Bird and Pourry show held on Saturday in connection with the Earles•owa Fanciers' Associa- tion was a gigantic success, so fir as the entries and exhibits are concerned, ant the Committee have every reason to be gratified at the result of their labours. They expected a big “ttendance, but they were quite unprepared to deal with the large num- ber who put in an appearance. The exhibits were of a very high ea's, alai 801313 of the birds had gained first prizes at the principal shows in the kingdom: There were some very peculiar foreign ducks shown by a gentleman from Birkenhead, which were well worth seeing. A good deal of in- terest centred round a nightingale slown amoagst the British birds, owing no doubt to the extremely rare sight of one of this species in a cage. The Pigeons claimed a lot of attention, and there were some very fine specimens amongst the fancy class. The show no doubt encourages a spirit of emulation which in its turn brings forth a taste for rearing poultry of a high class kind.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Earlestown have managed by a very narrow shave to slip into the first round proper of the Lan- cashire Junior Cup Competition. During the first part of the game they held Ashton well in hand, and obtained a clear lead, which they ought never to have lost. In the second half, however, the quality of the play on the home side distinetly fell away, whilst that of Ashton materially improved,so much so that they certainly lnoked every inch win- ners. They did manage to equalise, and at the call of time it WWI 3 all. The referee arringed for an extra half hour, and just before the first quarter was up Earlestown put on what beqame the win- ning pint. From then until the end of the game, Earlestown played on the defensive, and Ashton were unable to break through.

Ashton have protestei, first ',lonise of darkness. and secondly, they allegs thst Limond who played full back, was not eligibla.•Ths first complaint was easily squashed on the information of the referee, and the second will receive a similar fate, as there is abundant proof of Limond's eligibility, as he is a qualifying playing member of the team, having played for Earlestown last season. •

After such a close fiaish with Ashton, Earlestown visited Bamfurlong last Saturlay, and were very near sucminbing to the Collier,. They were at a disadvantage early in the game, two of their players being hurt. AU things cansidered they did well to secure a draw, and thus they ad I another point to those alrealy obGained.

This week there is another radical champ in the team, and judging by its composition it should cer- tainly be an improvement in strength. "Cap' Les has been removed from centre tor ward to rigot wing in partnership with Smith, azia. a new player "Csrlin," with a good reputation, tikes the vacancy at centre. Adlington are visitors to Earlestown on Saturday, and an easy victory should accrue to the home eleven.

Newton had as visitors on Saturday. Seacombe Swifts, and it is a matter of surprise that the game ended in a draw. Toe Swifts have a good reputa- tion. and Newton had misgivings as to the result. Their combination, however, was an improvement on previous games, and by dint of hard work, coupled with excellent goal keeping by Ellara, tar)), succeeded in keeping on level terms with the Swifts.

Ths accident to the Warrington St. Mary's goal keeper, during the y.lanie with Nawton Athletic, was a most unfortunate occurrence. Players cannot be too caraful, and no word would b 3 too strong in condemnation of tha "going for" tactics which are becoming 83 prevalent, amongst junior talons. Aspinall has bean in a dangerous condition, bat I ' am thankful to say that he is now improving, and goo i hopes ara eulertained tor his ultimdta recovery.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LAIR REV. -1. E. ROBERTS.

THE FUNERAL AT ST. JOHN'S, NEWFOUND-

LAND.

The relatives of the late Rev. T. E. Roberts - hive , now receive i from the Rev. T. Newman, of Sr. John's, Newfoundland, &communication giving fall ' details of the illness and death of the deceased gentleman. He also enclosed cuttings from papt.ne published in St. John's, of the funeral obsequies and Memorial Service, which we here reprouuce. Toe "Evening Telegram "says :—" The funeral of the late Rev. T. E. Roberts, took place to-day from Hamilton-street Parsonage. The cortege was followed by a large number of people, including Revs. G. S. Milligan, W. Dove, L. Curtis, J. t, Newman, J. Pincock. J.Pratt,R.W.Freeman, M. Fen- wick,G.E. Heale,W.T.D mu, Hon. J J.Rolgerson, Mr.C. P. Ayre, and a large number of respectable citziens and sympathizing friends. The funeral cerem mies took place at George-street Church and interment at the General Protestant Ceetery. Hon. J. S. Pitta' brougham was in attendance and conveyed Mrs. Roberts, wife of the deceased clergyman, and three other lady friends. The scene was sally impressive, as all that was mortal of the Rev. T. E. Roberts was consigned to mother ear:h, there to await the trumpet blast which shall summon all mankind to judgment." . Particalars are also given in the Fame newspaper of a very impreseive and solemn inemariAt service ',mien was hell at George-street Church, S. Joan's. "Tee death of the Rev. T. E. Roberts," it remarks, "which was ea- nouteoed Las; Sa,urday has caused widesprva sorr.ior and regret. H 3 was one of the most lovable, siacere and devoted ministers who have .ever hien connected with the Methodist Conferecci in this colony, and his early death has caused widespread sympathy. Toe ser- vice was opened by the Rev. L. Curtis, 8.A., who an- nounced the hymn "0 God our help in ages past." The Rev. Dr. M lligan followed with a prayer, the language of which was pathetically beautiful and found a respon- sive echo in the hearts of the hearers. The Ps din was read by the Rev. Dr. Dove, whilst the Rev. R. W. Free- ' man read the Nevi Testament lesson.. Then followed a series of tribatei to the memory of the deceased. The Rev. L. Curtis referred generally to the sad event, whilst ! the Rev. Mr. Pincock spoke in glowing terms of the ar- rival of Mr. Roberts in toe country and his as-' soci Acing with him in the p istorate of the 3 rigus Cii cult, The Rev. G. E. ffeal,whe came to the coptry with Mr. Roberts, and who had been his close and Intimate friend during the past it years paid a tribute to his memory, in words as beautiful as they were loving. He had been , as David to Jonathan, and as he pictured the last scenes 'in which was portrayed the true ch4r toter of the de- -1 cassd there were but few dry eyes in the congregation. After a few words from the Rev. W. T. D. Dunn a hymn selected L.r the occasion by the sorrowing young wife was sung, and as the besutiful wards of Dr. Watts rose fr in the lips and hearts of those present it seemed as though the mournful dirge had been transfortnel into a triumphant pawn. and that the mourning for a brother the eard btdc t 1 oir hadoa r been jeicipnegonfooruna e db victor y R crowned.. G. ned. After Willey the mourners proceeded to the general protestant m teiy where the m.aeal remains were consigned to mother earth whilst the spirit had soared to the rcalms of the triumphant."

===== 0002601_18981125_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25 1698 WARRINGTON LIBERAL ' CLUB. ANN EriTiiETING.

SPEECH BY MR. A. El. CRO3FIELD

There was a large and eacouragiag attendance at the annual general meeting of the members of the Warring- ton Liberal Cub, Be wssy-street, on Saturday night. Amongst tho,e preienc were Mr. A. H. Cr mfield (or raj- dent), Alderman Roberts, Councillor Tinaion, Dr. Goraall, Messrs. John Harrison, James S- . range William Jeffery, S. Barlow, J. Critchley, M. Butterlield,E. Has- ten. S J. Beaman, T. Critchley, Kilgallon, with Mr. T. Pemberton (Lon. secretary). The chair, at the outset was occupied by Councillor , TINNION. He said he was very pleased indeed to ses such a (+plead d meeting. It showed that toe members took a considerafre interest in the workiog of the C u when thee would leave 'the attramions of th club to transact the business of the annual meeting.

was civilization in the best sense of the word. (Bear. hear.) Civiliz ition, like charity began at home. bet it was their privilege and advantage to extend it abro ad, an i there would be n deubt that the VICTORY JUST WON IN THE SOUDAN, and the authority they had estabiened in Egypt and on the Nde, woeld be one more Etri ki n g example. And in this, as in other ewe abroad there were facti they could not loss sight of. They bad heard a good deal about .the" open door." Well, England kept her door open, not ajar, but wide open for the sommerce of all nations; and it would not he her fault if the day ever came —"an ominous and evil day for all c atm mned,and the world at large "—when she Was forced to close it. The second strilzhig fact was this, that und 1' our rule native races nail a much better time of it than they had under laterite of our continent ii rivals. Having due regard to difference of charalter, and capacity in different rac we nevertheless did on the wholetextend j otiose and tair dealing through the empire. Considerations like these justified them in teeing an honest as well as a thor nigh- geing satisfaction in the victory they had won in ttie So idle. Fifty years ago a great Amerimn describing his visit to E [gland and the E eglish characteisaul "the: hare soloed bo lies and supreme euduranc in war and in labour." Well, the staying power was there stitl—(hear, hea.)—and British bulldog tm tcity with generalship and foresight of the highe t order to lead it. (Laughter.) Perhaps they thoug tt these rather m artial &anti nen'a in the m nate of aldescendant of quekers e bat be thought the genus quaker had been a good deal misunderstood. He rem mbared a remark" Punch " once made about Jose Bright. " Punch" as they all knew, had the peculiar privilege of bear able to poke fun without disrespect at our most dignifi d and austere statesmen. On this par- ticular occasion, ear. Bright had been laying about him I very characteristically and vary freely, pouring out on his political oppeneate the vials of his righteous indigna- tion. "Punch " drew him with hi gloves on and exclaimed" • tear me! I always thoeght John, you were a sort of hit on the one cheek, turn the other young man' !" (Laughter). If alyone WAS under that delusion still, and imagined that Qeakers as such could net defend and em-rt themselves in time of need, let him recommend them to read a little book called "Nick of the Woods "or " The Fighting Quaker." That wou'd effectually cl ape' such illusions. (Laughter). The indivi lad who WAS everlastingly as- , serting hi nself, it was tru beams a bora and a , nuisance, and people generally ended by giving him rather a wide berth. The individual, on the other hand who could not assert himself when necessary, was no use at all. It was SOCI9V7ReIt the same with nations. Per- haps there was more need for self assertion, bet as- suredly that also could be overdone. They had got to hold their jingoes in check, and those of them who looked forward to Lord Reseeury as destined to influe ence in a very large degr e the tut are foreign policy of our country, recognised tee wisdom an I discrimination which, in moat c WM, handahewn. The Soudan wag an example one way and the Chitral campaign the other. Ai reeeetdee differences and

TnßitaniNED DIFFIMENCITS WITH FRANCS, which they trusted were in a fair way to b 3 settled— (hear, hear)—be should think there WM scarcly any- one who failed to appreelate and admire Lord Salis- bury's firmness on the one hand, the tact and con- sideration for tho awkward position of our neighbours on the other, an I his avoidanoe of anything in the shape of menacing or bellicose language. In tills m otter, ne had the natioo at his bock, solid and unanimous. But assuredly the record of the past few rare was in pain- ful contrast, as his own supporters wers too well aware. There had been an entire absence of self assertion, or rather let them say an amount of vacillation that time alter time had recalled Bismark's scathing remark about the lath pointed to look like iron. It was a had thing to earn for one self the re- putoti in of being sqiezible: bad for the p3rson him- self and irelaps far worse for other unfortunate people who had had a right to look •to them for a %support in which they had miserably failed them. Then, had in truth born enough of criticism among the Cens-riative Party itself ; but sums of that, no doubt was from th jingo standOint: It was too large a q iesti on to enter into there, out they would find a masterly survey of the present government record abroad in the sp 'with Sir Cnarles Dirge delivered the other day. He was no jingo, and probably tidy could find no better qualified judge hi tie country. Might he also recomme id the temper- ate and measured speech in which Lord Spencer also dealt with the earn, question as well as ether maters in Manchester on the 913. There was one other event marking rho close of a gre it chapter in E oglish history to wbiih they wou'd expect turn to refer before c oc- cluding this partial retrospect.

test the heavy odds against him. They might argue that these proposals were right or wrong, but let them make no mistake, as to the urage with which thy were advanced,a,nd the heroism and magnanimity with which the battle was fought. People talked of his deleat, but was it not alrealy more than half success. To whim was the great impetus and progress in Id th affairs since 1863 due? Beyond comparison to Mr.Glad- stone'a influence more than to anything else. Govern- ments, both Conservative and Liberal had already gne a long way in the dirention of hia reforms, and the day might come when even opponents woald begin to ask themselves, if afzer all, their way of handling the ques- tion had beea the best. Taey might recall Lori Salis- bury's words as to the collective wisdom of central au- thority, acting in the light of day, and with a larger sense of responsibility, b ling bit calculated to correct any teadeecies to err or run into extremes in this locality or that ; and they might experience some of those prac- tical difficulties involve tin the course they had taken, which Lord Spencer p Anted out in the speech to which he had ventured t craw their attention. Meanwhile wht ther Home Rule on the lines of, though he daresay not identical with Mr. Gladstme's proposals was ever carried or not, such method of local government as was now conceived was cue 'to the great effort and ini- tiative which the Irish owed to Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Morley beyond all other Englishmen. All tionmr, he said, to these men of fine character and courage wha never shrank from their arduous, though thankless aid unpopular task, anti who had done nine than anyone to wipe out the worst stain in the whole of English his- toy. (Applause.) In conclusion Mr. Crosfield congra- tulatel the club cn tie excellent gathering that night. He knew it was an example ot the constant progress the club was making. He most heartily endorsed what had faller, from the lips of Al !arm an Roberts. He hoped that the influence exercised through that club and by [the c•-aperation of the members would be far the bene- fit of the town. (Amplaus-.)

===== 0002601_18981125_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
REPORT AND B&LANCE 3REET.

Mr. PRISIBERTON in presenting tile hatince sheet of the club for the pact ye ir said it was the mast suaceesful he had been able to put before teem for the cast twelve yeara. (Applause.) The attendance of the members of the c immi4rwie hid beau very good, and toe proceedings I had been ably preetded over by one of the vice-presid- ents—Councillor Tinnion. The club had been wore I on sound financial lines. After meeting all expeus is a handsome balance was carried for ward. (Applaule.) A considerable stun had bea spent in furnisning daring ' tile year, and the club had also been able to grant is donation of £lO to the Liberal Association. (Hear, hear.) After 4 reference to tie handsome pinnace ot Mr. A. H. Ciosfiel i for the billiard haudicape, the Secre- tary said the wilt, bad suitaitked a serious loss by tbe deaths of Mr. M nris and Mr. J. H. Fiemiag who took an aetive interest in the club. No one would have been bet- ter pleased to hear of their success as a club th so Oily. In conclusion Mr. Pembertoi thanked the members for I the courtesy they had exteaded to him during tae year. (Applause.) Mr. T. Carrentrx movecLand Mr. WILLIAMS second ?d the adoption of the report. Mr. S. limmow, in supporting, sail he was inexpres- I ably pleased te bear the report. He suggested, that tie I reading-room should receive a little more attention, and 1 that some extra expenditure in literature was very desir- able. He did not think there was a better reading-ro oral or one better situated in the whole town than that con- nected with the club. (Hear, hear) Mr. KILGALLOS also supported the resolution. He said they needed potitical food and he thought the introduc- tion or more literature into the reading-room was neces- sary, and would tend to further popularise the club. He also spoke of the desirability of a smoking-room'. Prc- crawling to refer to political matters he criticised the action of the German Emperor in paying a visit to Jeru- salem aft •ii his recent conduct towards the Armenians. He also referred to Mr. Caamberlain's utterencei, and state I that altbough'old age peasions were put in the forefront of Mr. Cnamberlain's programmi, the subjent was kept in the background, and was likely to rem iia there. •

The CHAIRMAN 8 tid be had great pleasure its support- ing the adoption of the repert. He had taken a consi- derable interest in the club and as Chairman of the Coin- in' •se be bad had a good deal of work to de. He could ass re them that the work had been all the pleasanter b;e ass it was successful work. With regard to the re- marks about the reading room he must admit that it bad not received that attention which it deserved, and that was largely owing to the apathy of the members themselve; with reference t it. The committee hid found that some of the periodicals placed on the table were uncut and unread, but if the members were desir- ous that the literature should be increased be was sure t'ae committee w mild be only to) willing to accede te the requ'est. Personally he regretted that they hadn't a library in connection with the reading room. (Hear, hear) Now that the club wal in a flourishing condi- tion it was a rare opportunity for some of their friends to provide the foundation of a good library. (Hear. hear.) As a social club and a place of recreation, he could say without fear of contradiction that the Liberal Club had been conducted on lines that nobody would be ashamed of. (Hear, hear.) He had been in many clubs aed be knew of none where there was lee; gambling and leis driakin,,a thsn at the Liberal Club. Lie believ-d teat many of the memters ep int their time to less disadvant tee than they would do elsewhere. If they were not educating the m,mbers politically and as intellectually as so ne would wish they were preventing them from going some where else where temptations were greater. He la.iught it would be better if the member; would make any sug- gestions for the improvement of the club to to commit- tee. As far as he knew, the cornint'se were a neon to carry oat thir wishes. (Applause.) The report was unanimously adopted. ELECTION OF PRESIDENT.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECH BY AZDERMLN ROBERTS.

The CIRAIRMAN said the next burinesa WAR till e'elti la of president. He would be pleas fd to receive a n-unioa- tion.

Mr. PETER BRIM propged the re-election of Mr. A. Crosfield. Mr. BARLOW Seconded:

Alderman Ronson said ho had very groat: pleasure in supportiag that propogition oa every possiole grousels— persenat, political and social. He questioned whetner it , was possible for them to get a better president or ere') as good. H s presidency had base one unqualifiad suc- cess. (Hear, hear.) Ha was glad of that opportunity to be able to say a word or two to tha memb ors of the ' club. In the first place on behalf of the Liberal Aasoeiation ha wished to thank them most cordially for their handsome donation towards: the Association funds. (Hear, hear). They needed alt the money they could set. (Laughter). Referring to the euve,tions with reference to the read- ing-mum he Said the club had been obliged t husband I It, resources for a long time, and he dal not blame the committee for doing so. But now that their resources were larger he thought the c ommittae could afford to he a little extravagant ia the intellectual line. If the com- mittee doubled their expeoditure upol that room he thought they would be repaid because they would at- tract a class of members who were not attracted at pre- sent because of the insufficiency of the supply of litera- ture. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the social element of the club he thought it was everything they could desire until they got some central premises which he heped to 83e the Liberal party in possession of in spite of thair present position. (Hear, bear.) They were now making the most of that building, and it did the committee infinite credit that they bad been ' ab'e to popularise the club in the way they had done. Tam was present that night an element of young men who,as far as physical appearanc 3 went,were of in:ellec- tual capacity and who might be—and he did nit see why they should not bs—a tower of strength to the I Liberal party outside the Liberal Club itself. (Hear, hi ar.) He thought it was not too much to expect from those woo were Liberal from conviction, and held pro- gressive yierre that they should take an interest in the government of their country and town mod assist as far as they could the party with which they were in agree- meat. Ths Liberal party was in need of workers and if a volunteer element could be introduced it would strengthen the party to an extent which it was impos- sible to foretell. He appealed to the younger men to come out and help them. They would perhaps know that the Conservatives hat started a Junior Conserve- rive Assceation, but without calling theirs a Junior Liberal Associatios,he would ask any present who were not connected with a Liberal Ward Committee to become so, sad help in the work. They new the powerful and wealthy forces against them. But they did not care abeut that if they bad the moral strength of those about that club with them. (Hear, hear.) They inherited privileges and qualifications te-day, whica had been wrung from au unscrupulous opposition by the self- sacrificing efforts of those who had gone before them and it was their duty haat they should not be satisfied to stead still but to try and leave something better for those who had to foilow them. (Applause) The Cosmorama said he had great pleasure in support- ing the proposition. He was sure that in the long list of presidents of that club there were none more worthy and fisting Ikon Mr. Arthur Crosfield. (Applause.) The retolution was unanimously carried, and Mr. Arthur CrJefield was then invited to occupy the chair. _

THE PRESIDENT'S SPEECii. Mr. A.. H. C.:Bomar". in accepting the position said it was not th 3 firs: tune he had men elected as president, nor was it the fit% time he had been obliged to Ii ten to things said of him which he was perfectly conscious were a long way off whit he sincerely deser. red'. In the first place he wished to th ink them vary mmch for their kindnese in electing him president, and in the si c end place be was glad to have that opportunity of at mice saying bow greatly indebted he was to Councillor TiR nion for the constant and unremitting attentio which he gave for the furtherance and pros- perity of the club. (Applause.) Be though? that the excellent report they had heard from the', Secretary and the extremely s stisractory position of tie Club did reflect a healthier trend and tide of opinion in the town. (Hear, hear). Quiet, unobhrusive peopla who held the balance between strong partisans on each side, were alive to the kind of influence the LiberAls hid to cmtend against, and were to.kiug :mainly to the ex rtioni of members of their party for tie enlightenment and progreia of 'he town.(flear.hear). He thought that in local politics they just bit the hippy mean. They were not what Mr. Chamberlain once called hii prelent c)ile-igues " reactionary fell' a" bound to foster every excessive privilege, but neither did they rirth into the opposite extreme. They did not try, as some people foAishly suggested, to improve humanity off the face of the earth ; thir object was, if one might put it in that way, to reduce the output of sinners, not to manufacture prigs instead. Neither was it part of their creed te extinguish self ht.) And .self re. iiance—!hat individualism, which let the socialist say what Le wouid, was rooted in the Eaglish character. They would not tap the fcraes of energy of the individual by all the effort 4 directed tlwards m nding the candi- tions and what was called the environment in which man's lot was cast. To give men their opporthuity, a fair field and a fair chance to lead lives that were weful and happy—as .1 Ain Morley had said," Happier in better ways "—that

===== 0002601_18981125_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GL&D;TORE'S MEMORY

had received such generous and uns inted tribute from al qua t srs, that there wail ttle left to los said. But t 'ere WAS on characteristic in his career which vemed to have received little notice, and yet which had its lesson for them. H 3 meant the way in which, while holdieg strong convictions himself, and fighting for them as strongly as he could, hi yet showed broad and sine rs toleration for chase who differed from hirn.(Haar, hear). Perhaps the fiaest example they had of this was the way in which he and Mr. Morley, diff •riug funda- mentally on questions, to ea ;la of them, of he first im- portance, yet worked together CO splendidly for those causes which they conceived to b s for the COMOI9II good. Tuere were some events which speoi- ally struck the publio mind, stirfn; in it not merely curiosity but sympathetic resoect. Oae of these was the touching scene when Mr. Marley took a last farewell of his old chief. Somehow this inci- dent recalled to ons a visit paid Tease ago to the classic shades of Avienoc, the home of another ereat leader of opinion. It was there that John Stuart Mill spent the last seveaten years of his life, within sight of the an- cient walls and toweriof that interesting Old place. He (Mr. Crosfisld) remembered reading out there the almost passionately eloquent passages in which Mr. Morley paid glowing tribute to his wise and virtuous friend . • p_as- sagas in which he described how to the last Mill It lot alight" the pale flame of strenuous endeavour." And now they were to hive another lasting memorial frond the same pea. They heard ot this with mixed feelings; satisfaction that this historic work was In such good hands, vgret that such a man an l such inflisence should be to some extent withlrawn from politie3. "Dc mortuis nil nisi bonum " was a good old maxim,and oae that their Conservativ3 friends had adopted very hands =else in the respect shown to Mr. Gladstone'S memory; still in the case of such a career, criticksm was indispensable. Oae could not believe tnat the verdict as ragar led his last labours br the advancement and welfare of the people at home would be other than a magnificient acquittal. Attack would rather be directed to part of his foreign policy aud

===== 0002601_18981125_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
HIS- LAST GREAT EFFORTS

for the better Government of Ireland. (Applause.) They were referring to problems not of the present but of tare past, for the prohlems of to-day had changed with the course of time from what they were in the zenith of Mr. Giadstone's work an i activity. Undoubtedly he was infleenced to some extent in Colonial Palmy by the Manchester School. They had been sailed Little Englinders, and yet who had done so much by wise extenbien of autonomy to strengthen the natural bowls [last bound the Empire together? The-e nelght have bete instances in which it was their policy and Mr. Gladstone's effort to dee' with mankind as if they were Chriatiani, rather teen what Huxley calls us • fighting artimals," He was a man of ideals rather than realiths. Certainly he sought to raise the real towards the ideal. If that was an error in our day at any rate when truth and justice were at a discount in internatleaal politics, and force and canning took their place, there was little denger of it being made now. %Than these critics get to work they would do well to hesitate before they proclaimed the world the world the worse off for the lofty in- fluence which Mr. Gladstone exercired.Not a fowof them had sighed of late.yeare for that dominant influence, that iron will which might have saved tee annals of Europe some of the deepest stains of the indelible dis • grace which bad s;ekaned and disgusted humanity. (Hear. hear.) If in some questions that would occur CO them,it he held that in former days Mr. Gladstone put himself too readily at the point of view of other people and their int Tests at the same time that he considered things from our own standpoint, at any rate there was no feebleuess or funk about what he did. (Elora-, hear.) People askel where the man's EILYR9ORDINIRY INFLUENCE OVER HIS COUNTRYMEN trioute,bLill. ut came from. Sa Plainly l y iat sv was due edd it u e:n o a this, combination so some to otfna a quali- ties t - a combination of chsrac•er and ability— . What should It be that thus their wills could bind The power of thought, the magic of the mind." Yes but it was more than that, the people saw in him not only a great fighter, but one who fought for great and unselfibh ends. No, self•aclvertisiog, no playing to the gallery, no pandering' ti extravagant demands from whatever quarter they might come, no more from the aristocracy of labour than that of capital ; simply the effort to carry nut in its fullest and widest extent,and to live up to Leek's grand old maxim , The end of anernment is the good of mankind." With all this the most amazing power of suit tiered enerzy. and last but with our people by no means least, undaunted courage Of the hikhest kind, ready in a good cause to face any odds. (Applause). He would only refer in conclusion to one very familiar instance of A. Did they quite realise all that the last great effort of his life meant ? The sacrifice of long-standing and valued political friendships, the risk of his entire PonularitY and reputation, the storm of obloquy to be faced from the strongest demo- cracy the world had ever seen. It was certain to greet, and die greet his effort to turn back the stream I of content and aversion rooted as it were in centuries of misunderstanding and hatred. They heard it said that the old Parliamentary hand was the wiliest judge of electoral matters, and in the same breath, that he in- curred all this to gain Irish votes in Parliament. The statements were contradictory. Mr. Gladstone knew perfectly well what he had to face. He (Mr. Crosfield) remembered hi; father aft,r an interview with Mr. John Bright, tel.inghim that he had seen espies of letters Mr. Bright wrote to Mr. Gladstone before his Irish bills were introduced, tern/14 him the constituencies would never clot late new preposals. Mr. Gladstone knew well enough More he entered upon his great con-

===== 0002601_18981125_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VICE-PRESIDEETS.

The viae-nresi lears--Coun tihrs Pierpoint, Ti anion and Plumpton—were unanimously re-ele:ted.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
TREASURER AND AUDITORS.

Councillor Jthu Crosfisld was r-.-appointed treasursr and 4essra.John Harrism and W.(Ford wore also re- dec ted aulttors.

HI•ELECTION OE THE SECRETARY._

The Pausneswr propose I the re-election of Mr. Thomas Pemberton as secretary. Councillor Tnnnow, in seconding the proposition referre I to Mr. Pemberters's unstilted services on behalf of the club. Ile was sure Mr. Pemberton made the most popular secretary it was poasible to have for the club. (Beer, hear.) He did not hesitate to say that a very cousid erable portion of the success of the club had been due to the efforts of their secretary. The books of the club were admirably kept, and he thought the club was fortunate in havue; such a secretary. (APPlluse)• Toe PRESIDENT S DS moat keartily endorsed what Mr. Tinroon had said about the services of thsir sscrp- Cary. Mr. Pernte.rton. He knew that his urbanity and approachab an ,ss had everything to do with the pleasure and cenveaie ice of the tnembers, and he was sure they all appreciated his serviess. (Hear, hear). The resolution was unaninreusly agreed to. THE CIMMITTEB.

Voting aftnwards took place for ton members of the commlttee, and the following were elected :—M-ssra. I3seph Albinson, SAM J linaman, Jeffrey Bennion' M. Batterfild, W. Blbby, P. Detansy, S. Dunbohbin, Cr. A. Shaw, R. Woods, ani John %Vomit.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A special meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held in the Board Room,at the Workhouse on Wednesd3y. Mr. G. Pilling presided, and there were also present :—Mr. it. J. Jolley (vice-chairman), Rev. W. U. Drummond, Messrs. T. U. Ashcroft, A. Brook., II Hibbert, William Hough- ton, A. Jolley, J, W. Knowles, T. B. Malkin, H Thornton, with Mr. J. C. Sutton (clerk), Mr. S. Sut- ton (assistant c'erk), Mr. C. H. Ward (master), and Ar. Wright (superinten lent Padgate Schools). RESIGNATION OF THE SUPERINTENDENT NURSE.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVELY DISCUSSION.

The minutes of the floose Committee referred to the resignation of the superintendent rnurse, also of Nurse Carey, and recommended that fresh nurses be advertised for. Tne question of substituting concrete for wood in nine of the landings in the Workhouee Was coaidered ripecifications and a letter ft m M3ssr3. Owen, archi - teats, were road, and it-was decider, te accept thy tender of Mr. D weapon, which was 2163103. Mr. KNOWLES Wished to know hew it was that the superintendent nurse was leaving them. Had she been working amicably with the Ladies Committee or had there been friction ? It trammed to be very unfortunate after they had sel rated a moss suitable person, that she should be leaving them E 0 soon. Ile would like to know why she had resigned. Had she given any reasons to the Officers Committal ? Mr. A. J. JOLLEY thought it would be scarcely desk. able that a public statement should be made, Ile had not tne faintest ides, of shirking a discussion, but under the pee Ajar circumstances, and the difficulties they had had t) contend with—he might call them serious difficulr ties—he did not think it desirable that a statement should b 3 mad) publicly which might posiibly be mis- understood. It was true she made a private statement to the House Committee, and he was prepared to repeat it privately to th 3 B ard. Mr. KNOWLES : There has been some friction? Mr. A. J. JOLLEY : A little.

Mr. A. JOLLEY : Let us have it. Mr. KNOWLES : I should like t) kn)w how it cams ab mat. fir. A. J. JOLLEY : If it is the wish of the Board.—

The Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND : I move we go into com- mittee.

Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded, and said that the state- ment mule by tbe nurse was really private, and on that ground alme it ought not te be talked about pub- licly. Mr. ASHCROFT remarked that the matter should not be kept a secret. Tee Re,. W. H. DRUMMOND considered it would be a breach of confidence on cue part of any Guardian to say publicly out of committee anything which the superin- tendent nurse had maid there. It would be an injustice to the lady whp had taken them in,o her confidiene.e. Mr. KeowLus : As a member of tha public and Rot being on the committee surely I am entitled to know,and the public are entitled to know. The Ray. W. H. Damn' )tiD Not necessarily. Four voted for Mr. Drummond's proposition and four I azaiust,and the Chairman decided t have the statement m tde.

Mr. A. J. Jomare said he was in an extremely daft- cu t and delicate position, and he felt very reluct Inc to speak. He could not repeat all that was said. It would be improper for him to do so. The superintendent nurse had resigned and gone elsewhere at a lower salary. That shovr3d at once there was something wrong. What the wrong was had been well known tor a long time to those Guardians wno had taken an active interest in the management of the institution. From time to time statements had been made reflecting upon the manage- ment of the institution, and c astiag blame on those res- ponsible. Se hoped there would be no recrimination of that kind in the discu,sion of this matter. A certain proportion of the blame rested on the Guardians them- selves,not the present Guardians, but their predecessors. They had delayed the erection of the new hospital for an unreasonable time. It was impossible to conduct the work of the hospital with the building and staff they bad at present. It had been most difficult to get work done with any approach to decency or in anything like a satisfactory manner. That was notorious. Now the Board had proeeeded with the • erection of a new hospital, and when that was complete a considerable part of the difficulty would be cleared oway. In the meantimethat difficulty had been rendered more acute by several other causes. As they knew, the Local Goverament Board bad insis- ted on an alteration in the nursing system all over the country. That had led to the increased demand for trained nurses. There they could not offer decent ac- commodation, either for the sick poor or for teose paid to nurse them. They cculcl not wonder that women with a decent education, and who had been properly trained, telt a great discomfort at having to work in an institution like that. That had been a source of a great deal of trouble. The superintendent nurse had tried to do her bests but she had beea hampered in every way, and there had been constant sources of friction and trouble. It was inevltable that the Master and Matron should be brought into cleflict occas•ciaatly, with the head of the nursing staff. There had- been, a certain amount of friction, He did not blame either the Master and Matron or the superintendent nurse. Such friction as had arisen was inevitalelo.

Mr. KsowLEs : What did the nurse complain about ? Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said fiele Stated in &AAR what he had summarised. Th^re was also a complaint from her abut the treatment she had received from one of the msmtv,rs of the Ladle? Committee.

Mr. KNWLES : lies that member resigned ? Mr. A. J. JOLLEY tad she had. On behalf of the superintendent it was only fair to add that she had emphasized the fact that the member had apologized, and as far as that pa,t,cular incident was discerned It was at an ead. That was not tie cause of har resignation. After further discussion the minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
CO A.GULINE —Transparent Cement, • foe broken articles.— Advt.

===== 0002601_18981125_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Now shall I begin ? I know not, but I must break the news gently. On Saturday Warrington were beaten by 35 points to nil, and at the same time outclassed, annihilated, demoralised and pulverised by Oldham'. There ! that's gentle enough for anyone, and cannot even hurt the feelings of the Committee. I might have blurted it out brutally, but the news ii too, too sad to be told an unprepared listener. Sudden shocks have been known to kill, as, for ins`alce, that felt by the man who tumbled horn the thirteenth storey of a New Yoik tenement. Therefore I have endeavoured to pre- vent the truth becoming sudlealy koown. And now for particulars of th 3 crims at Watir•Sheddings (so-called from the quantity of teats shed there).

Firit of all let me say that tht Warrington skipper was absent, for this explains a lot. There is the simile of "th 9 ship withaut a rudder," which is always applied to Warrington when Bate is unable to play, a" ha, nearly bicome worn to a shadow in the courss of time. Tnere were smut apologists who, thinking it might be unknown in " Owdharn." used tne phrase there, only to be met with a wan, sad, smite which told of anguish within. Alas ! i wis known, and known too wall. Still the explanation conveyed all that was regoired. Warrington without their cap'a'n, " Sm ick " Bate, are undoubtedly a second-rats fiftesn. may be that the powers that be have th night differently, bit Oat War. ringt vs is nothing but a one-man team was proved to the fullest extent on S iturday. Dusksvorth took Bate's plans, Holcroft going centrs and Harris making his first appearance with the team cia the wing. Oa papsr War- ington appeared to haves team fit t. give their hosts a good game, but this illusion was dispelled in the first minute.

There was a big crowd to witness the match—fully 12.0(30. The fixture with Warrington is al ways a. 131PI- lar one at Oldham, and though tie weanrs of pre nr and blue have never won at Watersheddings they have corns sufficiently neer it on one or two occasions to make the annual contest an interesting one Fhis year they have covered themselves with a coating of disgrace which it will take nothing leas thanOldham's blood to wipe off. From the kick-off the hernesters bho REVi that they me int compensating themselves for one or tyre unexpected re- verses they have bad this !maser'. The first movement or two brought about Warringten's d )wnral 1, Martin scoring a try afcer brilliant passing. Then there .fol- lowed a regular procession to the Warrington goal line. There was no checking the magnificent tnahuveering.ar the home becks, and at nalf-time one goal five tries stood to their credit.

It is no use.attempting to say inuc's about the game, One try was just like another and there we.e flirtS them altogether. The combination among the O'dham backs was superior to anythinq; I ever saw, aae com- pletely nonplussed the Warringtonans. Alm est every time they got possession, a try resulced. Mirtin, the fastest man on the field, obtained four during the after- noon, two of which were from runs three-f ourths the length of the field. AU the oth sr banks, with the excep- tion of A. Lees, and Thomas, the full back, ceossed the Warrington line once or twice. Goat kicking Wl9 "off," only four goals being landed from many easy attempts. The tries were nearly all behind the poets; onoe the O'dhain man having passed his opponents and he was allowed to career on unopposed until he had se- looted a spot exactly midway between tee uprl4hte,and there he deposited the ball. The total tonal up to 4 goals, 9 tries, to Warrington nil.

Once or twice Warrington ought to have scored, but the chances were allowed to golbegging. Fish and Rel. croft were very active, tOe f )rmer once making a splendid run after int qc,pting a ptsl meant for Mar. tin. Minis wts negleeted by his own ?rpm, and quite outclassed by Davies and lilartin, who oPe 'sod him. It was no fair trial for the [ail, and he cannot be blamed. At half-back Warrington were werse off than ever, and Lees and Lawton had all their own way, while even Warrington's forwa-ds were lazy for once and made no effort to get the ball. It is no use particularising, or referring t individuals. Ira every plmartment or the game Warrington were ou'classed, adfaile no a man on the Oldham side was anything else but perfect.

There may be some consolation for Warring,:on in the fact that they have gone through the stiff .st of their season's engagements, but I don't think the present team is strong enough to even maintain the cub in the plii- tion now occupied in the League t able. Probably most of the home matches will be won,but I cannot see much prospect of any points being secured on foreign The forwards seem to be falling off in their play, and do not control the ecrimmsges with the f revenc 7 that they aught to do. But the weakness of the team is principally at centre, and until a couple of meo can be found, w'• • capable of inekng openings for the wins the scoring powers of the threequarter line will b". as they are practically now,nil. The thrashing, received on Saturday, everything considered, was nothing more or less than a disgrace for the Warrington. Club, and I hope that earnest endeavours will be made to remedy the existing defects in the team and place it on a proper footing.

The result of the enc 'linter with Oldham makes rue fAei rather dubious ab rut the !hitch this 8 sturday with Morecambe. Though the woolen spoonists of the League. Morecambe are accost:mei to give a few clubs plenty of work to clooked after Warrington's ignominious collapse at Oldham the Seasiders are sure to strain every nerve to win their first match. Of course the semi re- mark applies to W mint sa, and I shall put my trust in the visitors if they have th sir captain one in :re in con- trol, though there will be nothing to throw away. Two points are badly needed to ke y Warrington from sink- ing still lower in the League,

- The positions of the clubi, and the rest sof nntehes in the Lsnoishire Lesgsue up to ditq are as foals,' :

_ _ for. Against. • P. W. L. D. O. T. P. G. T. P P. Widnes 10.. 9... 0... 1 ..11 29 83." 7 4 28...19 Broughton Rang 10... 9.. 1... 0 ..`r2 35-149... 3 4 18...18 Salford lO. 8... 2... 0... 7 21— 77... 5 8— 34...16 *Swinton." 10... 7... 1... 2...15 28-114 5 4 22...14 Oldham lO. 7... 3... 0... 9 35-123... 6 9 39...14 Leigh 12... 7... 5... 0...19 19— 95... 8 18— 70...14 St. Helens 11... 5." 6... 0...17 18— 82... 7 7 65...10 Warrington 10... 4... 5... 1... R 12— 48... 8 21— 79... 9 Runcorn Wigan lO. 3... 7... 0...13 10— 56...19 16— 83... 6 Tycliesley....... 11... 2... 8... 1... 8 8— 40...17 27-116... 5 Rochdale Hornets 9... 2... 7... 0... 9 3 27...19 23-107... 4 Stockport B.. 1.. 7... 0... 5 6 25...29 21-103... 2 Morecambe 11... 0... 2 2 10...19 34-140 0 *Swinton have hid two points deducted for brsach of professional rules.

In Lancashire North Ara Union games on Saturday two matches at leas: were worth witnessing. They were tt3ose between Widoes and Salford and Leigh and St. Helena. On the form with Swinton Widnes appeared to have a great chance. Salford, however, gave them a good fight for half the journey, and then fell to pieces. The result was a nine points to six victory for Widnes, who, however, only crowd the Salford line once. It is only fair to say that Salford w-ra without Hoskins. St. Etelens went down before Leigh on the latter club's ground, but it wasonly by eve points to two. St. Helens have playel many smart games this seam, but they were jus3 blaten by a better club ol Saturday. Swin. ton, without Banger, Lewis and Evans accounted for Tyltlsley somewhat easily to the tune of 16 points to seven, and that away from borne. The Rochdale for. nets visited Wigan, and returned home defeated by tea points to none. The only otosr game played was that in which Broughton Rangers piled up 33 points to none, against Morecombe who were thus two point; better off than unfortunate Warrington.

The positions of the eubs and the results of matches up to Gate in the Lancashire "A" team competition are as follow : For.

Against,

P. W. L. D. G. T. P.. 4. T: P. P. Salford .... ...... 10... 8... 2... 0... 16 39...149... 3 11... 39...16 Warrington Stockport Widnes Brougtoa Nang 5... 3... 2... 0... 5 11... 43... 3 7... 27... 6 Swinton 6. 3... 3... 0... 13 18... 80... 6 15... 57... 6 Oldham 7 3... 3... 0... 7 16... 62... 5 6... 28... 6 Rutkaorn 4... 1... 3... 0... 1 6... 20... 9 20... 78... 2 Leigh 6. 1... 4... 0... 4 7... 29... 7 15... 59... 2 Rochdale RoroatsB... 0... 6... 0... 1 1... 5...19 40...158... 0 Tyldesley

The mateh between the " A" teams of Warrington and Oldham at Warrington on Saturday was a very ex- citing and interesting One. Warrington were determined to avenge the defeat inflicted on them at Oldham aid succeeded admirably by a score of ten points to five. The pier of the hoonst we aI r3und was ezeallent, Rar,- eliffe and Cries at centre putting in same admirable play. Forward Warrington were greatly superior until they lost the services of Townend, and for a hardwork- ing, speedy eight the Warrington lot would be hard to beat. Bosestw played one of his safest and best games on Saturday. The Oldham men struggled hard for vic- t ley, and in the back division were represented by some v*ty speedy players.

Fletcher Russells made short werk of St. Helens Aon Saturday last at St. Helens beating them by 14 points to 3. W. Evans 'scored his usual try in fins style, after a good pass by J Lawless, Radford being credited with two tries and E Scott one,T.A.ntrobus adding a geal. The locals are now going strong for the Junior League and should they beat Lsstock Gralam to day they will have a fairly safe position at the top of the competition. I have every confidence in them being ab'e to do this as they play a good gains of football, and are strong for- ward, with very speedy bias. The game to day is a case of Greek meeting Greek as Lostock have yet to re- ceive their first defeat, and if they do no lose to-day Ido not know where they will have a lurder game in the competition.

-- Warrington.— Printed and published by John WAT,IcVn a ar at The Examiner General Printing Works, and published by them at the same place anti Also at Examiner Offices, Victoria-road, WIDNEN ; 42, Goorca street, Si'. HELENS, and 3 Market-street, g•RLESTOWN'crir. the County of Lancaster and also at High-strset. Iftft(C r' In tha County of Chester.-140vExtEz15 25, 1894. wwsey-5tr2.7.5

===== 0002601_18981125_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, RUNCORN CIRCUIT. -WESLEYAN TEMPER- ANCE SOCIETY. The Annual MEETING, will be held in ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, on MON OikY NEXT. November 28. Speakers— REV. S. WILKES, (District 'Pemperance Secretary), REV. . O. W. L. CHRIIFIEN and others, Chair to be taken at 7-30, .. by HARRY BAKER. Esq. Special hymns will be sung. -? Collectian in aid of Funds. Recitations by Memberskof the Bands of Hope in the Circuit. -------- RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION. ; - LET E be Distinctly Understcod that is NOT A FIGHT td CHURCH versus CHAPEL or TORY versus LIBERAL. i IT IS A RATEPAYERS QUESTION, VOTE FOR THE RATEPAYERS CANDIDATES : CUNNINGHAM, IMISON, LITtLER, WOOD.

RUNCORN SC 1100 L BOARD ELECTIO N. TO THE RATEPAYERS. LAIDES AND GENTLEgEN, In the past / have always endeavoured to serve the Interests of the Ratepayers upon the Board, and feel that I can appeal to you with confidence for support during this elc2tion which has not been brought about by myself. Yours feithfully, B. GORE.

RUNCORN SCHOOL BJAJ ELUTION. FACTS FOR VOTERS. THE SCHOOL BOARD RATE ON SEPTEMBER 31Ttr, 1895, WAS 51. NOVEMBER 30TH, 1898, is 9, WHY? BECAUSE THE WESLBYANS GAVE UP THEIR SCHOOLS ON JUNE 30T.g. 1895. IN SEPTEMBER, 1895, THE SCHOOL BOARD DEBT WAS £3,957. IN NOVEMBER, 1893, THE SCHOOL BOARD DEBT WAS £8,409. WHY? BECAUSE THE WESLEYANS O-AVE UP Si THEIR SCHOOLS ON JUNE 30TH, 1895. FELLOW RATEPAYERS I Tke WESLEYAN SCHOOLS were educating about 650. The CHURCH of ENHLAND and ROWAN CATHOLIC Voluntary Schools are now educating 2,113 Do you wish these children thrown on the Rates to lalselyour School 13 )ard Rate up to Is 11d, in the Pound? If not VOTE FOR THE RATEPAYERS CANDIDATES IMISON. LITTLER, W. J. CUNNINGHAM. WOOD, Who will keep UP Voluntary Schools, and keep DOWN THE RATES.

RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION. ILLTEPATEna Certain SECTARIAN SCHOOL MANAGERS are trying to : capture the NEW SCHOOL BOARD which you must elect NEXT WEDNESDAY. Kindly consider the following facts. They have already absolute control of two-thirds of the 21etnentary Education of the town and now SEEK to grasp all. r4juring the past 3 years they have TAKEN FROM ALE üBLIo FUNDS about £B,OOO practically the entire cost Of their Schools. kvery penny of this you hs.ve paid through your rates and "lee and yet you are denied any share in the management. The idea of religious liberty is to irnase religious tests O n the teachers and to influence with their own Sectarian dogmas children of other Churches. They prejudice you against Board School Education by - , grossly exaggerating its effect on local taxation, and taking Credit for a saving of is. 2. in the pound, which is not true. PairPlaY demands that the Board Schools at least shall be above suspicion, and ars can only be done by electing a Majority of gentlemen not already working schools for purely Denominational purposes. VOTE FOR THE PROGRESSIVE CANDIDATES Who are pledged : (1) Not to harass Denominational Schoo's in any way. (2) To see that Board Schools have fair play. (3) To secure to each child free education based on sound Bible teaching without any attempt to violate their sectarian convictions. JAMES PRITCHARD. S. TAYLOR. F. J. NORMAN. W. HANDLEY. J. WILSON.

WA }RIN UT ON DRA NUM SOCIETY. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, 7th, Bth, and 9th, DECEMBER. 1898. "THE MAGISTRATE," IN AID OF THE FUNDS OF THE INFIRMARY, BOOKING OFFICE OPENS at Mr. Pigot's Music Ware- tottse, Bridge-street, at 11 o'clock this (Saturday) morning. ARTHUR BROWNE, Hon See. 84 Treas.

WARRINGTON LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. A GREAT MEETING OF LIBERALS WILL BE HELD IN THE PARR HALL, ON WEDNESDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 14TH. WHEN AN ADDRESS WILL BE DELIVERED BY HENRY BROADH.URST, EQ., M.P. • Further particulars in a few days.

WARRINGTON, PENKETTI AND DISTRICT CAGEBIRD,AnD PIGEON FANCIERS' ASSOCIA- TION WILL HOLD THEIR 3Rn ANNUAL EXCIBITION OF CANARIES, MULES. BIiITISEI AND FOREIGN BIRDS AND PIGEONS IN THE DRUIDS HALL, SANKEY-STREET, SATURDAY NOVEMBER 26rn. Judges. Cagebirds : A. G DAVIES Esq., Manchester. Pigeons: H. A. MOORES Ns., Lymm. The Show will be ooenel at one o'clock Nrompt, by J. LYON WHITTLE, Es% Admission 1 to 6,6 d. 6to 8.30, 3d. Schedules may be obtained from B. GOODWIN, hon. sec., 9, Warrington-road. Penketh.

THE PARR HALL. SATURDAY EVENING POPULAR CONCERTS. The first CONCERT of the season will be held THIS EVENING (SATURDAY) 2Gra NOVE ABER. ARTISTES : MISS LOTTIE HEROD, Soprano. MISS ANNIE LEA., Contralto. MR. W. WILDS, Tenor. MR. A. S. KINNELL, Baritone. MR. FRED. CROFTS, Humorist. SIGNOR BONAVIA, Solo Violin. MR. ALFRED AINSWORTH, Accompanist. Doors open at 7; to commence at 7.3/ Beason Tinets, entitling the holders to the same seats throughout the season (10 concerts), will be issued at 103. each, and may be booked at the Parr Hall, on Saturday. trorn 2to 4 p.m. Ordinary (Is ) tickets will not be btokcd In advance, but reserved seats will be seemed. Popluar Prices: Is., 6c1., and 3d.

T E PUBLISHERS of the LIVERPOOL WEEKLY POST will of every reader of that Paocr on SATURDAY, November 26, with a large SHEET ALMANAC (ILLUSTRATED), containing a fine PICTURE 9f LIME-STREET, LIVERPOOL. three types of BRITISH ~,,ARONCLADS, ?Ma a large quantity of usetul information. 413 e same number of the LIVERPOOL WEEKLY POST, k3,OY. 26) will also contain the first instalments of TWO noßms, one " The Fate of Mary Paterson," ft story on a tragic subject, founded on fact, "False and Fair; or, the Mystery of the Brown „.ortrnanteau." Order from your newsagent the LIVER- WEEKLY POST of Nor. 26. CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. DOMESTIC SCHOLARSUIPS.—The Technical Instruction C,Gramittee offers for competition a numhir of Scholar. BPs tenahl at the Dairy Institute. Werleston, for ten commencing January 3r3,1899, for instruction in er-making, Cooking. Laundry-work, Dressmaking, lousekeeping, and Sick Nursing. Application to be entto me n3t later than December 20th next. Ad- dressed RICHARD P. WARD, OrgaMzine Secretary's Office, Crewe. BURTON WOOD PAttlSti Co UN UIL.—PRO- to, POSED NEW BURIAL fIROUND.—CONTRACTORS .f..SIROUs of TEINDERINc; for the ERECTION OF ,JUNDARY WALLS, Gates Ohapel and Bier House and !ormatio.l of walks and tly. drainage of proposed New Si Ground at Burtonwoc I are requested to send their to Messrs. William and egar Owen, ArehiteAs, War-

(A/ TAU OILPNTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., L PD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest ha the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND sAUNDERSON, District Manager. Established 1£59. Sole' -Tent for Warrington : MR. A. STANWAY, 37. Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, Ironmongers.

SIGH NO MORE LADIES. watt T NITURAL From From IMMOVABLE „ CURLED SCALPETTES } o FRINUES. 10/6 T. S. BROWN, 3, LE14013-S PR EE T, LIVERPOOL.

RupTußEs, _ FOR CURE OF RUPTURES, T. EGGIEGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9, Grosvenor-street Lon don-road. Manchester.

BALL SEASON. 11-R. R. ANDERTON'S BAND is open for Engage- ments for Balls, Parties &c. : any number ; latest music.—For terms apply 78, B CUTE NM ARICET-STREET. War- rington. YXTEDDING AND BIRTHDAY VV PRESENTS. ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIKT H- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selectien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS. ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIO-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES. 63—RENSHAW-STRERT, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for prolsate.

UMBRELL eiS ! UMBRELLAS I ! THE LATEST NOVELTIRS SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS Awn sUNSHADES RECOVERED IN 'aux AN HOUR FROM 3s. 6D. T. BRI MILEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

BAR GAIN. ,E4OO w,srth Confectioner's GLASSES, late 4 shapes ; 5 Ovens, 40 Marble Tables, 500 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—EDWAßDS, 108, White-chapel, Liverpool.

AMERICAN Ice Cream FREEZERS.-1,000 sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice UIasses.—EDWARDS AND Co., 108, White- chapel, Liverpool.

To all Parties Commencing Business.—Where to Purchase at the Right Price.—GROCERS' FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit, Tobacconists Fittings and Utensils, Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; a splen- did selection to choose from; inspection invited ; estimstes ft-ea.—EDWARDS AND Co., 103, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

LON GWORTH'S FOR SWEET BAGS. 1 oz. 10d. 2 ozs. Is. 4 OZ3. Is. 23. per 1010. 5000 LOTS CARRIAGE PAID. CAP PAPER, from sp. to Is. 3d. per ream. 4 AND 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

W. B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE Is. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

TEETI-1,-A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. W years' warranty. SA 111 WOODS, Hag., M.P., says in his testimon al : They are a perfect fit, easeading comfortable. and are credit to you.' H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BIWSEY-STREII3T, WEDNII3DAYS AND FRIDAYS

THAT IDEA OF' YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Ct. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. Amerlua. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

A_CCIDENT ASSURANCE. ACCIDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. EMPLOYEES' LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ri ASSURANCE ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS lIAID £3,859,000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester Office : 64, Cross Street. AGENTS. Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate , W. • RICIJ3 EY, Nes scli ff Victoria-rd-Latch!ord St. Helens.. Mr. J. 13. LEACH, Harcishaw-street Knuteford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER sandbach WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to Fir TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur• chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EHSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington, Established 1.864.

-- ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOFING COUGH The celebrated eiTectuat HOOPING COUGH cure without xnternat medicines. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists pric I_IOOPING COUGH 4s. per bottle. Sol Wholesale Agents BRONCHITIS w, EDWARDS & Sox, 157 Queen Victoria Street CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION!

RAIN?. RAIN RAIN! FOR NEW MACKINTOSHES, STYLISH MACKINTOSHES, CHEAP MACKINTOSH ES, GOOD CRAVENETTE CLOAKS GO TO LORD BROS' 1281 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

15s. A. SET OF TEETH. 15s TEN YEARS' WARRANTY. THE ARTIFICIAL TOOTH COMPANY, 72, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. Operator and Manager: Mr. W. E. CLOUGH, Surgeon Dentist. Secretary: Mr. JAS. A. JOY. ATTENDANCE AT WARRINGTON EVERY FRIDAY, 3 Ull7-30, At MISS CHARLES'S REGISTRY OFFICE, 13, LEGE-STREET, (Off Sankey-street). Opposite tdr. Sutton's Sale Rooms. ST. HELENS EVERY TUESDAY. 2 till 7, At MR. CRITCHLEY'S CENTRAL CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET, Exactly opposite the Market.

SPECIAL SHOW ROOM FOR CHRISTMAS CARDS NOW OPEN. INTENDING PURCHASERS are respectfully in- vited to PAY US AN EARLY VISIT, so that they may select their requirements conveniently, assisted by our best attention. ARTAUR DAVIDSON (LATE LOWE AND LAITHWAITE), Cl, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

NOTICE OF' REMOVAL. J. _lt INLAYSON, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, JEWELLER, B:c., Late of 34, Winwick-street, Begs to announce that he HAS OPENED THE PREMISES 42, HORSEMARKEP-STREET, With a large and Choice Selc:ition of all the Latest NOVELTIES in GOLD and SILVER. JEWELLERY, WATCHES, CLOCKS, BRONZES, OPTICAL GOODS, ecc, Inspection Invited. PRESENTATION GOODS. ATHLETIC AND SPORTS PRIZES AT WHOLESALE PRICES. EVERY DESCRIPTION of REPAIRS EXECUTED on the PREMISES. Note the Address 421 HORSEMARBET STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE 'WARRINGTON SLATh (Jo., LB DINORWIE AND PE NRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE 9dERCHANTS, AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACXERS, WHITLEY A CO., LD., WORM/SHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE Arpley Station, Warrington, Telephone. 19, Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrindon. J Warrington.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY, STOPPING- AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs in CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUITERMARKET-STHEET. WARRINGTON.

DUTTON AND COLIC ER , LANE DUTTON AND CO. IRONLONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STRE ET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS. aLLSOPPB MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. & To be had In CASK or BOT,LES from B. CUNNINGHAM ' WINWIOR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179, STORE'S, OWEN STREET.

THE BRA NCO CYCLES 'ZIIFACTURED BY BAXPNDALE & CO MANCHESTER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Bovril is Kin' in the Kitchen Every good cook knows what can be achieved with Bovril, and how small the cost. For the preparation of rich, strengthening soups, delicious gravies and savoury sauces it stands absolutely alone, and is invaluable in giving relish and adding real nourishment to all kinds of entrees. No well-ordered kitchen can dispense with BovriL Bovril is beef prepared by a special process which retains the entire nourishing, as well as the stimulating properties of the meat, thereby differing from ordinary meat extracts, which merely stimulate without nourish- ing. It is manufactured under the supervision of eminent analysts, and every bottle is guaranteed. Alt • • -a ;:,kk . • 4.`-v 7, .3,V* '144 , 1-*; y Supplies the bodily heat necessary to throw off the colds and chills of winter, to ward off the lurking dangers of in- fluenza, to fortify the system against the attacks of disease. A cup of Bovril with a biscuit is a light luncheon or supper in itself, and an ideal stay and stimulant when circumstances hinder meals at regular hours. Bovril is relished and assimilated by Pelicate persons and invalids when other foods either repel or are injudicious It sustains and strengthens, enriches the blood, makes brain, Lone and muscle, and rapidly leads through con- valescence to complete recovery. The Vital PiTit .„1 oi Pri:7le Beef.

BRONCHITIS The Medical Profession report very favourable results from the Use of ANGIER'S PETROLEUM EsumsloN in the treatment of bronchitis and all troublesome coughs. Antiseptic, soothing, healing, it quickly allays the infiamation, relieves the harassing cough, and heals and cleanses the affected parts. At the same time it promotes appetite, assists stomach and boy/0 action, and greatly improves the general health. ANGERS Petroleum EMULSION. Is pleasant to take and agrees with the most delicate stomach. Of Chemists, 2/9 and 4/6. CAUTION.—Ours is the original Petroleum Emulsion. It is made with a special oil obtained from particular wells and carefully purified by our own process. Imitations made with ordinary petroleum cannot have the same effect. Be sure, to get ANGIER'S. A FREE SAMPLE BOTTLE on receipt of 3d. for postage. The Angier Chemical Co., Lid., 32 Snow Hill,iondon, E.G.

. '0 69111 LFam • Ili Three 1 .A,s , ~, v 6fg --, . ' " ''' - • Gold , !"` . ot 41 ivy (i, Ulti E A „.„4.* 7) , : .40.4,r. ~„," - le : 4.,-14,e, Medals --msimldmiainuMMEU ....e d .: e., TetVP 4: r. Awarde iii: 'Af St CANNOT BE BOUGHT IN A SHOP, Money ... \IIP-1",...„ ..+., but are promptly sent BY PARCEL .. , • ... ~.i.i., , ,!,-,A,%, ..- , - ..# POST, safely packed, D:RECT FROM N, \ 41%-,- '.\ 1" saved 4.:1.4.- .:7-,,-t,4 Tli .^7: Lt.RGES:..T Fl il 8.6 of COS- •-'', ~41\ \ .Nr \,„..„...' i 114 TOM I ERS in the WORLD. VOLUMESBrook Street Iciln: furrorryotdh:ecnet nixco en .1 f i,l etrnhmc ea: . , ~ .. :1 /.. ;.,,,,",\.,\\. hal::: utrgihed toditniertintagte tit:emmpoansto lie. ~... 4 i . g. . by ,:,./...46......„.. ....';` ';:i'5.1....,;,i1:...,0t"t1T0 I ordering ' + A.A. 4 . from 'l9---_, : 4,—", "„, . have succeeded in producing a garment at about the same price , , ~ cr. Ar which was stall worthy to rank .W. :‘f\N. 4t,, \ ' '' '''i.., JOHN :,..,„ ....z., A.,.., ,„ in the same class as the fam?us ... N.„`• '`....51 .1. r JOHN NouLis Deis -Gnikate :::',,l"'t \ •-,-, - •,, • - ...„ ? COSTUME.' NOB L E Itv,:( ' , Suppl 1e...; en the following two r':* % ' • 4• ~..,. agoosodadabviefoyosttlisrE,ll,--ei OHM 44 N. 1 : '',,,_ ~!;•,4,, k V: +'+•.\\, i" ..'"7llh N"L"Pbiland of tt leteri I„*.'"k \ res;sup. clil.-4 -;-,,,,:,, , , s.c`k.:,‘ ~. N• ....;.....z . `.• 1 1.4.7. h smolt-Bur itett ,1ti11"....... N. \ ..::, .1. ';I ;1 4 /10; weI:A'TTERNS SUIT POST EIKE, \\ '\.\ •....„. „-,.......,„. ‘.,% NJ, together with a new 84 pp. illus- .... , .:. \ .\ .' , , t., -T, ~.. N --:-....‹,;, -,po,iiiig trated press and Drapery List , ' s 1i1*.V...;.2.,,,..:::.,‘`'s mi/6 :4;..W•,..... ~7....Y.',. -,..,v...:4R .4.n:t.,.. ellejejfor°7/6. Larrlage Bd. . . '. . n with well cuTPhillertlirunrjaVyltraid and a Is'sle t . k ''4,MT.k‘*;\ ~ 2 l '"' ,-, , af esti 0/6 x,,1., ::,—*-;-›.. •,'N 4,, ,fixts a aTnadiloinr thrill n EaSkoldrte,.fulirwrile complete Costume Carriage 6d. .‘ ''' ISkirt alone for 6/6. Carriage 6d. .. ' A MOUE 964.—An exceedingly well made and . . , , I I s CROOKS OF AIL COSTUMES are Black, tvavy, Brown, Nuby, Myrtle, idth nartly finished Chesderlield Coastyle.t and a full '('' SI ''. ft BOON Grey,Dloss,Fawn,Purple.and Electric. Skirt in the 1 in latest -,...e Costume I 'ss 10/6. Carriage 6d. of 1.1 ,ti-,, THE THREE STOCK SIZES are 84, 36, 'fur Mi. Carriage sd. lie 4' 'LIS TO Mins. round bust(under _arms) ; Skirts . t; c[ j i bAe,,inyg gal and 42,V. 11,0engeniAnDficito lacflt executed and desnatehed i iti '''.l '• \ • " gi" own OESICNS MADE ,k, I'6, 11.10. HERS. MEASURE, 1/86 EXTRA. i ...:d Dreeamakera en any &hal of 0' ''' 1147 JOHN HOKE KNOCKASIF moderate cost. NIIO3LEL” ','-- FRu-AIS. An ideal tschool or noli 0.3, 6,, garment for Gir15.21in.116,24in.2/-.271n. .0. 0" 11/51 0 ATIMIS of all kinds of 11" t.„.elesss- 2/6, 30in.3/-, 38m. 3/6, 36in. 4i- 11in• 4/6. 4 ~ . ~;.,- ~.0......, Dress Goods lent in select .......,44--- 42in ,5/-,each.Car.4d. ex.iff I I,IOIITTLII ..,..,. t ',-0.• ...ILE, WOOL CApSsupplied in a ;mattes at 1/- each. Ladies' Tam o'Shanter Caps, well knitted at the same price 1/-. ' Bankers: "LONDON & MIDLAND" BANK, LTD. Kindly name this newspaper when writing to JOHN N c OBLE LTD 17:F°6 PAAMEIRESTE.I; . , 9 _ 9 miLLS, P' El

WONDERFUL CHANGE. " Friends are su is to see It. ltbougla 63 years old, . !ye, • my hearing was fully restored YIF& over a year er by the use of • Ae.alveM4 diieeastion, af • h in bees f ex S. This , s' irm.d up teeth- 1, clut'stull ro 'log, phlegm, and sore ay./ er/Y r A thmat have also di- pi arc I." R //ss, •E. E9RGE N. TAYLOR, /, r •/, , c v 00l -st.eet, lia„.)nrbey, .14 fies‘ 70; o\,. Manchester' '"// Air ' • .\'`'``, FRBE. 44 ' , To pmve beyond doubt that As' al ISl3di Jinn is a toslve cure for deafness, eatarrah, tost and lung &senses, I will, for a shoet time, send medleines for three months' tc t- ment, free. For symptom fo.nn and part'eu'lca, add e.s J. H. MJORC, M.D. (U.S.A.), Dept. vl6, Bloomsbury, ! swims, W.C.

DE. DOCoCK'S PULMoNUIiFEM.—More cures of B-on- Chills VOICE, CHEST, Conti-U. AND TRIM CO.,.:PLAINTS.— From Mr. Earle, M.P.S., 22, Marke place, ir your Wafers a. e invkluable for the voice timoit, and eh !st. All sufferers from bronchitis, h rough. and depriyafion of re_t sbould take them." In asthma. consiamption,bronehitis, rougbs, colds, rheumatism, aad all hysterical and nervous complaints. instsnt relief, and a rapid cure is given by' the Wafers, whieh tdste pIY want! v. Sold by all e .u.Nists at Is 1?, I, 2s 9d, 4s el, and Us per box. Ad, (4).

TOBWOONISTS Commencing.—See Illustrated Guide (259 pazes) 3d. Tobaeconiste Outfitting Co..lBB.lluston-road. London. Hairdressers fitted.—Hanager,Eas.—Advt.

01z - U •/ ,‘D' illar 741Z/fa! Zr:/(Dr ,Zr4ZrAl ''A,Zlt2 VC)/ l'AcD/ AciA6Vl

G-. H. &. MI. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 631 CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

DARLOUR SUITE, quite new, a Payments taken bargain comprising Ladies' and Gents' Easy Chairs, four Small, and Couch. Splendidly finished and of new design S. AT 59, CHURCH-STBEBT. £6 15

Og SALB, COLLI k BITCH. Sable and White; good yard dog, pedigree. will do several tricks, two years old. Also Bitch Ptic oft the al4ove. 5 months old, excellent pedigree, seen any time.—LEE, Garstang-road, North Weaham, Kirkham.

lIANDSOME PAIR BRONZE Payments taken WARRIORS. Splendid work- manship, also Bronze Centre Piece to match, nicely finished, the three .24 7 only S. B. AT JACKSON'S

KITCHEN TABLES. strong and Payments taken well made. from Is lid to 15s 6d ; Chairs, 2s lid to 58 11; Sofas from 2.5 s ; Fenders. 6s lid and 7s lid AT 59. CHURCH-STREET.

A LARGE STOCK of FLOCK Payments taken It BEDS from 10s 64. Pictures from 23 111 pair. Iharthrugs 3s lid, 4s 11d, 53 lid, 6s 11d, 7s 64 to 16s.

ASF. I'VE BRASS FENDER, Payments taken in. FIRE IRONS and DOGS complete, at jAORSON'S, for Really cheap. 225. 6..

STRONGF BEDSTEADS, 1 pair Payments taken Mattresses, Flock Bed. Bolster and two Pillows, 1 pair Blankets. 1 pair Sheets, 1 large Quilt, and two Cane Chairs, the lot tor £2 1 Bs. 6D. AT JACKSON'S 59, CHUROtt-STBEET.

ALarge Stock of Kitchen Rugs, Payments taken. Carpets. Chairs, Fenders, Door Mats, Im.. very cheap. 59 AND 61, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON.

CiAbIVASSING AGBN TS wanted in every town in the ‘../ kingdom, for debt recovery office ; commission only, speedy promotion.—Addrea, blerfAolik, 64 kiosks-road Lincoln.

DOSTAL TUITION. Bookkeeping, Business Training- Shorthand. French. German, Commercial Correspon- dence ; Prospectus, Trial Lessons free ; moderate tees. B. aIiLHAM, 4, Duke-street, Charing Cross, London.

WANTRD. for ROYAL NAVY. Boys, Youths, lingine room Artificers, Stokers, blacksmiths, Carpenters, Coorers, Painters, Sailmakers, Shipwrights and Royal Marines.—For particulars apply to BERGEART, Royal Marines. 259, Liverpool-road. Warrington. SANITARY INSPRCIORSHIP9.—saIaries £lOO to £250; numerous vacancies ; permanent appointmenls ; Special Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for coming exams; previous experience unnec-ssary ; ladles eligible: over 200 successful candidates.—Apply ROBERT Mumma, Science Teacher, Sunderland.

A GENTS, Hawkers (either sex) who want to double money 1-1. this season should try RUSsELL'S Everlasting Firelighters, by Royal Letters Patent, 7,607; handiest article la the world ; never fails ; thousands sold ; enormous profits ; guaranteed genuine; 4s 6d per dozen, or 42s per gross. bample Order 9 stamps, post free. Address Mrs. itussALL, 3, Sylvester-street, Bolton. (Rention paper).

bi PENKETH.—Cottages 4s. Oct, 3s. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. DALLAK-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground flour, rent 210. - BUT TERMARKET-STREET.—Good front WAREHOUSE, 2 flours, £26. MILL--TREKE.—Several Suites ()Meas. 39, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s. 3d. per week, 92, HOYLE STREET. rent 3s 93 per week. 25 CATHERINE STREET. rent 4s, 3d. per week. REGENT-STREET off sankey Street, WAREHOUSE, g,ound floor, £l5. PIINKISTH, Semi-detaehed HOUSE, Garden £l4 year. 31, CA. THERINE-STRE ST, rent 4e. 3d, 20, PERCY-STREET, rent ss, per week. Apply ROBERT Lowz Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Wet Telephone—No 55.

20s. to 30s a week can be earned on the "Original" FOS- TER PATENT KNITITE ; knits stockings. socks. ft.—Write UR= FOSTER. Maker, Friargate. Preston.

CIRRISTMAS CARD3.—Young Ladies and Gentlemen Wanted for Agencies for Caine; splendid commission ; Samples free. • Apily LANCASHIRE ART Co., Church, Lancashire. fI'BRIBN'S Celbbrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapest. Tables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered. --4, O'BRIEN. GLOBE BILLIARD Woeite, Bridge-street. Manchester.

nONSUMPTION (incipient), Bronchitis. Asthma sPseddy relieved and finally cured by Tere-Pboa ; week' trial tree. Send 6 stamps for carriage.— PROFESSOR WALSH, 45, Albert-street, Preston.

PRIVATS CHRISTMAS CARDS. Printed in Gold. with your own wording name and address; from le. 6d. per doz.; sample book sent.—THOMAS BROTHERS AND CO., printers, 37, Everton-road, Liverpool.

rrBN THOUSAND PARCBLS.-12 Yards Beautiful Lace, and Silk Lace Fall. 1 Silk and Lace Collarette with 2 Silk Bows and Fancy Buckles, and one Is Novel ; carriage paid Is. W. COTTON, Weekday Cross, Nottingham.

111300HATIVS GBASSHS, h. per lb.; best quality; cheape t price. Pampts Plumes 19. 33. per dozen ; coloured, is. 84. Hawkers' and Shopkeepers' List free. Good mcket lines.—WATT, Grass Importer, Leicester.

%um TRUTH ABOUT BTAMMBRING. Anyone inter- I tetrad will receive the latest information and important hooka on the cure on loan, poet free, without coarge, irom IrauttriM, Messrs. Deacon, 154, Leadenhall-atreet, London

TIWISLLING-HOUSS.—To be Let. an excellent Dwelling- heuse in Grappenhall-road, Latchford, No. b, Wood- blne-terrace.—Apply at No 6, to J. fLeatedeolf.

AST ROLOGY.—Your FIITURF4 FORETOLD, Marriage, ZI Children, Changes in Circumstances. Journeys, Legacies, etc. Send date of birth, 12 stamps and stamped envelope.—Mr. CoLE, 30 Cheltenham Flace, Brighton. Sussex.

SIIOP.—To be Let. Hallam-lane, large SHOP, very suitable for provision stores ; two minutes from the market.---; Apply J. IITCEICIT AND SON, 14, Cairo-street, Warrington. QHOP to be Let. 9. Ryland-street. two brick r,VRNS y 1,) suitable for a wholesale confectionery business.—Apply TITCHETT AND St,N, Cairo-street, Warrington.

TO FISHMONGERS. ARMY AND NAVY CLUBS, 1.. Hawkers and private families.— I would advise you to try one of my 10s.. Its., 205.. kits of mixed fish, best quality guaranteed. Small basses of fish Is. ed. and 3s. 6d. carriage Paid. Fryer's fish codlings, Is. 6d. ; small haddocks, ls. 9d. ; medium haddocks, 2s. ; dabs 2e. per stone. Terms cash.—To CHARLES H. SMITM, Fish Docks, Grimsby.

OSALE. large quantity of OVAL LEAF PRIVET 1 feet to 6 feet high. Extra good gooseberry tees, Currant trees, Pyrethrum, Peonies, Ac. 3,003 good Rhubarb roots ; Linneus sod Viatoria 3 year old, at reasonable prices.— Apply BEESTON. Beech-road Nurseries, dale.

fro BE LET, good SHOP, W ORES IrOP and DWELLING 1_ HOUSE, No. 17, Mill-3tre.4 and Ying-street.—Apply to WILLIAM WINSTANLEY. plumber, Park-plaoe, Warrington.

rpo BE SOLD.—Farnworth. near Widnes.—The extensive L Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery, and 29 420 square yards or Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring space.—Address J. HOSYINO. 16, Fen wick-street. Liverpool,

WORKROOMS.—To be Let, two good WORKROOMS 1 allam-lane s well-lights d, suiteble for storerooms, sic., two minutes from the market.—Apply J. TITCHETT AND SON, 14, Cairo-street, Warrington, rpo BR SOLD OR LET.—A Modern FRESHOLD _l_ RESIDENCE, known as " Thelwall Grange,' Thelwall, Cheshire. (late the residence of John Rylands. Reg deceased), with the Pleasure Grounds. Outbuildings, Vinery, Gardens, Greenhouses and sev ral fields of excellent pasture. and Arable land, the whole being in a ring fence, and comprising 22a lr 13p statute measure, or thereabouts, most conveniently abd pleasantly situate in the townships of Thelwall and Lymm in the County bt Chester. about half a mile from Thelwall Station. two miles from Lymm Station, and four miles from Warrington (London and North- Western Railway), with easy access to Liverpool, Man- chester. Chester, &a., also within the limit for free telegraphic delivery. The house is a picturesque family residence standing within tastefully laid out pleasure grounds surrounded by ornamental trees and shrubs, of many years growth, and contains porch and large entrance hall, four entertaining rooms, billiard room, twelve good bedrooms, schoolroom, sewingroom, bathroom and lavatories, kitchens and the usu4l servants' offices, with hot and told water supplies, 3-c. The outbuildings comprise two stables :or five horses, coachhouse tor four carriages and loose box, harness room, with lofts over. dfippon for five cedes, vines,' sic.. and two cottages for gardener and coach- man. - Further partic dare with orders to view mavo, eb- tallied from Messrs. FIELD, SON, AND 8R0M71ELD:33,...,144P Union Bank Buildings. 5 Fenwick-street, Lir t.rpool.

IT WILL PAY YOU TO NO I ICE THIS. T HAVE a Quantity of Good GOVERNMENT GOOD]. I passed out of Service for other patterns. s. d. Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 3ft Light Waterproof Sheets, 6ft by 6ft Heavy, Large, Dark (Ivey Waterproof Cloth Capes 2 6 Large Dark Grey Waterproof Overcoats Government All-leather Heidstalls, with lead attached 2 6 ' Horses' Nosebags, with wide Leather Strap 1 6 Good All-wool Rugs. 41bs. weight. 311 by 6fl Waterproof Horses' Loin Cloths. 461 n by 421 n White Rubber Sheets, Brass Byeletholes, 46in by 421 n 2 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair Shoulder Bags, large size, with Shoulder Straps 1 0 Horses' Neck Collars, All-leather, any size 6 6 Driving Reins, quite new, Stout Leather, 2511 lung metal buckles 4 6 Clean, White Linen led Sheets. lift by 6ft 2 6 Carriage or Door Mats, real skin, full size Surcingles with Rollers Tarps alin Covers, made up to any size, is per square yard, wiih lashing. Any of the above carriage paid to your home, from 11. J Gassmr, Government Contractor, Rye.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED fIEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLII, cLoTHS, NAPKINS, SiiKETINGS,WILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to cA.Li. and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUT. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. nowmonßE nousE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET. GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. LIARRYVILLE FACTORY, BALLYMERE.

ALLAN USE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. RAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. s.s. MONGOLIAN, for Portland Dec. Ist s.s. LAURENTIAN, for Halifax and St. John, N.B. Dec. 3rd as. SIBBRIAN, for St. John's, N.F.,and Halifax,fDsc.loth Saloon Fares front 211, 2nd Cabm £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS t CO., 19, JAE:IISB- - Liverpool; or to J.R. GREEN, 34, Bridge-et., Warrington

• NATRITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. 'Aviv:wool, to NEW YORK Ma Queenstown, - "MAJESTIC Wed..Nov.3o. I GERMANIOS Wed., Dec. 7. Second Cable will on carried on Me voyage marred thus° Third Class passage at low rates Including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore Apply to Lamar. Imam, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenhar qr., t. London WC..

AMERMAN LINE—SOUTLIAMPTON to NEW YORK. direct every SATURDAY, and LlvratrooL NW YORE and PHILADBLPHIA. every WEaDNES DAL JOHN WALKER AN t) lj0„ toOtYiW? " EXAMINER " OFFICIL WARRINGTON.

SUCH WONDERFUL VALUE IN TAILORING. SUIT TO MEASURE 39/6. IN BLACK OR BLUE AND OVER 300 DIFFERENT PATTERNS. STTLB AND FIT Ur-TO-DAM SPECIALITIES IN OVERCOATS 20/- TO 25/- THE NEW PATENT RAIN PROOF (YET POROUS) PADDOCK COAT, FROM 25/- BEADY MADE OR TO MEASURE. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8, 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

£150,000 AA tp v fAr Ei OPER m iCRETNGTA G tj7 thi ne SUMS to suit BORROWERS in any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READER, 6, Cook-at., Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

NO PRELIMINARY ritES CHARGED. NIONEY LENT PAVATELY TO FARMERS, TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, In sums of £lO up to £5OO. ON BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arranged to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN Apply or write for terms te GEORGE PAYNE, Accoun- tant, 20, Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK. iu, CORPORATION-STIMET, MANCHEbTER. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments, or in ens sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also ma Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminarr fees charged.—Apply to MR. RICHARD WOOD, Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. "I'OHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-man, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. AFINBY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without publics enquiry, on your simple written premise to pay back. Apply at VIC TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive ureci eel's the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, AD, an, £3O, ASO and upwards.

BUSINESS IS BUSINESS • and it is very UNBUSINESSLIK/Eto ruin or jeopardise your BUSINESS for want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difficult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS lines' is the only genuine way of &Eng BUSINESS. Mn. W. STEWART, 21 COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER, Has large invested funda and will advance sums to re- sponsible Persons from £lO to £l.OOO on proper BUSINESS terms at reasonable interest and easy repayments. Advances also on Morgages and Rever.ions. • ' This is BUSINESS I STRICT Ii PRIVATE 111 1- GENUINE !11l Personal calls or letters receive prompt attention.

FI EL DING'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS £3 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Aas-teanre Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per Irk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 2/6 „ £2O „ 10/- „ £lO 5/- „ £25 „ 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Satvl44 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON

66 HOW TO NNSURN HNALTH." A medical work giv lug Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of- all kinds of Debility; post free two stampb. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale square, Barnsbury, Lon- don. N.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Physician Dr. BARNADO. eillialnier and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCH, Proprietor.

ekttlfilLloll. MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, (also pupil of Signor Monari Rocca) Protessor of Unglish and Italian Singing. Breathing and voice production Specialite. Voices tried (by appointment) free of charge. Terms-1.0, BOLD• STREET, WarringtOß.

A RCHBISHOP HOLGATR'S SCHOOL. YORK.—Splen It did accommodation for boarders ; refurnished ; perfect Sanitation. Increase of numbers 212 per cent. in 2 years. Illustrated Prospectus and lists of the Head Master.—Next Term Sept. 14.—Rev. W. JOHNSON, B.A.

122, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, MISS L. BAILEY, T.C.L. pRIZ E Winner and Senior llonoura for Pianoforte and Sinvinz. Pic., of Trinity College, London, Gained 14 Certificates of various Colleges of Music, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Mandoline Singing, Harmony, Theory, &c. Pupils prepared for Trinity College and other Examinations. TERMS MODERATE.

QEVERAL OFF LICENSES, good Beerhouse, Coal Yard, CTreengrocers, Fried Fish Shoos,plA of Manchester from £l5 to £ISO.—BOPICINS6N, WHEEL & Co., 37, Cross-street, Manchester.

S•P•Q•R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY!! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION. NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Etaird's Pill. Price is, lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMInS, (Sole Local Agents), at the Reduced Price of nd. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD, PROPRIETCH9. HEAD {)7FICE—NOTTINGIIAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses: 05, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, AO,

EVERY MAN SIIFFErZING from Ner—oue and Phyeical Debility thou , send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining bow all nervous and organic arrangements rimy be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent •saled, post free. Andress- 2. 11 ORTON. 59, & 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O lister:dished SO Years.

MANLY INIEN. Why suffer from pains and misery caused by Nervousness, Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send for my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MisDICINS or ELECTRICITY. Spectmens of letters received, end guaranteed genuine : •• I cannot find words to express how thankful I am. I used to think I never would get cured, I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I should have saved many pound s.—G.F.B." I have carried out your instructions, and am now per- fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. X. LEIGH. 92 and 53, Great Russell Street London, WC. Send at once and be cured. 12 Yeats' Continuous Success

WIDENING OF BRIDGE-STREET. IN CONSEQUENCE OF TEA ABOVE MISS ISOBEL 1110 BY, FLORIST AND FRUITERER. HAS REMOVED TO MORE COMMODIOUS PREMISES 117, BRIDGE-STREET, AND SOLICITS I CONTINUATION OF YOUR ESTEEMED PATRONAGE. BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, FLORAL EMBLEMS, Made on the Shortest Possible Notice. Ready-made wreaths kept in Stock.

BARGAINS BARGAINS ! I BARGAINS I! I (LicAviNG THE PREMISES.) TRH ENTIRE STot,li. OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S OUTFITTING AT GREAT REDUCTIONS, MUST BE SOLD. E. WALLER, 34, SANKBY-STRERT, WARRINGTON.

EADE'S PILLS. EADE'fil pILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EADE'S pus. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S DILLS. been received from all sorts and .1 conditions of men testifying to EADE'S pILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have In giving relief in the ver EADE'S pus. woratcases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND mans, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds. May 2nd, 1894. RHEUM A. TISM "D.at Sir, —lt is with unhounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had TIHEUMATIS,M Rheumatic Gout, and I had three mouths in WI with it. Of course OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HEUMAT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HEUMATISMEver Li since, b ewhte when laid h have tia4 the GOUT pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have beeis all right again RH EUMATI SAll directly. I WOULD NOT 1311 WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make ' what use you liks of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased tc, answer any poor sufferer who cares to write Rki EU MAT ISM Leg e success, (enclosing stomped address). Yours truly • ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, Is. 1/d. and Is. 9d, or sent post frea for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE RADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. E.O. Ask for and be sure you obtain EADE'S GOUT AND .tiIiEU- MATIO PILLS. EADH PILLS

D R-.J. COLLIS BRO WNE'S CHLO RODYN 11. TER ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CBLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to he the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. OHLORODYNE is the heir, remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CuILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrlicei and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CfLOTIODYNE effectually cuts short all attack of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Pa pitation, and Spasms. 011LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothschs, Meningitis, &C. From Dr. B. J. PoUtanf AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne inour practice lately and look upma it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling at comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- IIONS. CAUTION.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " OHLOSODYNS " and that the story of the defendant FREEISAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words Dlt. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing MediCAr.ltestimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE 'IIA.NurAcTuRER9 :—J. T. DAVIINPORT, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury. Louion

WATERPROOFS! WA fERPROO ! WATERPROOFS ! ATTRACTIVE SALE OF BRITISH MANUFACTURED - WATERPROOFS AT BONA-FIDE REDUCED PRICES. POE A PBW DAYS ONLY COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9TH. EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED WATERPROOF. C. JACKSON HOLMES, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

13,08 ERT LOW E, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. I, DANK STREET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. 15. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture. Ac., warehoused.

Jialarbinern, etc. .. _ IT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, L MITEL (late Ormerod k 7 (Frierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

gine, tubular A BARGAIN. Magnificent Vertical En boiler, glass gauge, whistle, double action slide value cylinder, bron.ed stand, exhibition model. silver-plated, high speed, and perfect worth 425, accept 12s 6d.. free ; photo- graph id—MANAGER, Marsh-gate Lhemical Works, Strat- ford, London.

pA TENT OFFICW MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messr GEORGE DAVIEii 3s SON have hasl more than 41 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praeticalknowledgeof the cotton, woollen, and iron manufacteres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 63. 'Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

INH Pair Second-hand Horizontal ENGINES. 24in kfi cycllnders, 36m, stroke, with heavy flywheel, 18 ft diameter. spur and second motion wheel 13ft 61n diameter.: suitable for a rolling mill ; in good condition ; a bargain if taken at once ; now lying at railway.—Apply to C. Bonn. and Co,, 42, Park-lane.

NTEARLY New Horiznital ENGINR, 13in cylinder, 1610 stre.ke, with pump and governors, by Marshall, Sons and Co.—Can be 13:!.en at C, BOOTH and Co's, 42, Park-lane. Liverpool,

PITTS'S, LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER, (Jus't past Station, through Railway Arch). THE LARGEST AND 1103 T CONVENIENT GENERAL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT. ALL GOODS DELIVERED FREE OF CHARGE.

PITTS'S MANCHESTER.Speaking of this well-known firm, "The South Manchester Chroniele"ol 0ct.7,1898. says:— There, In a palatial five-storey building having a capacity of over 1.000,000 feet and magnificent show- windows over 250 feet long,can be found every article required for Ihe an is- tic and economical furnishing of mansion, villa, or cottage that the most fastidious connoisseur could desire, and al- though the premises are so fast and the magnitude and mul- tiplieity of the stock so great. still everything, including electric light throughou ppssenger lifts t all floors, is so well planned and so co len I arranged that inspection becomes quite a pleas Whether your house be £2O or £220 per annum, a v short space of time will suffice in which to select every necessary article for its furnishing throughout in a comfortable and durable even luxurious manner, whilst paying clue regard to economical considera- tions. No person not having visited Pitts's could possibly conceive ti a immense variety of their well selected stock, and the astonishingly low prices quoted can only be explained on the ground that the management being large purchasers for cash evidently buy in the very best market directly from the actual manufacturers, thus obviating all intermediate profits. The firm is well reputed and old established, having been founded over half a century ago by the present proprie- tor, Samuel Pitts, who still personally presides over its des- tinies, ably seconded by members of his. family, bred and born in the trade, and a competent and painstaking staff individuals of which have been in his employ from 10 to 20 years. It was started in an exceedingly humble way, and has only reached its present colossal proportions by dint of sound judgment, untiring energy, and never flagging enter- prise, lu short, we have unbounded confidence in strongly recommending this very estimable establishment to all about to furnish, whether in part or throughout, feeling convinced that by so doing we are rendering a very valuable service to our numerous readers, and bestowing just and well-merited praise were due. Palmam qui meruit ferat." PITTS'S are constantly receiving similar Press Opinions to the above, all expressing UNQUALIFIED PRAIdE of PlTTs'd unrivalled PREMISES, STOCK, and BUSINESS METHODS. This is extremely gratifying to PITI'S'S and will spur them on to still further efforts to supply the public with REALLY RELIABLE ARTICLES at VERY LOWEST PRICES. Undoubtedly it is the BOUNDEN DUTY of every- one desirous of obtaining UTMOST POSSIBLE N ALUE to give us a call before deciding.

PITTS'S CELEBRATED DOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151-, 24. 24, 38g, 50, 75, Iho up to 1.0:0 guineas re- present the HIGHEST STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE it is possible to conceive. Their SUPREME MERIT has gained the UNIVERSAL APPROVAL of the most astute buyers throughout the country, Do not, therefore miss this valuable opportunity of saving 25 to 50 per cent, but send for full particulars right away to

PITTS'S PIANOS, by Erard, Collard, Brinsinead, Broad- .l wood, Kirkman. Ac.. have, by their STERLING MERITS, kained the unanlmou3 approval of the playing public, both professional and amateur. PITTS S CYCLES, BASSINETTES, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware, Magnificent display in Show Windows. Guaranteed Great Saving.

"DIM'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY vlT't-:1 4 Every description or Bookcases, SecrG. Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at ‘sbout halt city prises. Best selection and utmost value at

SAMUEL PITTS'S. ESTABLISHED 1845. LONDON- ROAD (Just past Station), Manchester. Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the door.

EXPIRATION OF TENANCY. RELINQUISHING THE BUSINESS. CLEARANCE SIALE. JOHN S. GREEN. BOOKSELLER, STATIONER, ETC., 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. In terminating his tenancy Is also relinquishing the above- mentioned BUSINESS, and has decided to offer the whole of his STOCK AT COST PRICES. BOOKS at COST PRICE ALBUMS at COSI. PRIOR PURSES at COST PRICE POCKsT BOOKS at COST PRICE PHOTO FRAMES ... at COST PRICE BIBLES at COST PRICE PRAYER AND HYMN BOOK'S at COST PRICE BIRTHDAY BOOKS at COsT PRICE TOY BOOKS PICTURE BOOKS at COST PRICE INKi at COST i RICE STATIONERY, At COST PRICE EVERYTHING AT COST PRICE I JOHN S.GREEN. BOOKSELLER, STATIONER, &c. 34, .13RIDGE-STREET, WARRISGTON.

GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF MANUFAOUTIER'S STUCK OF FLINT GLASS TABLEWARE. PRESSED, BLOWN AND CUT, OF Fulsr-CLiss QUALITY, SUITABLE I' *lt IRIvATE FAMILIES, HorEL,T RESTAURANTS CUB', ItO., AT THE ORFORD LANE GLASS WORKS,

MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents tor MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CO'S LADIES' AND GENILEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 355 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

OADBITRy'S 0000.1. IC abeolutely pure, being entirely tree from kola, malt. hops, alkali, or any foreign admixture Cautlon I The publle should insist on having CADBURY'S —sold only in Packets and Tina—as nailer Cocoas are often substituted for the sake of extra profit.—Adrt. (4).

DIE LIVERPOOL WEERLy roar gives on Saturday. November 26, a Sheet Almanac, with picture of tit. Gsorge'a Hall and British hot:wilds, and the first chap- ters of two new stories of very great interest, one of them called The Fate of Mary Paterson," a story founded on fact.— Adtt.

DR. TIBBLES' VI-COCOA, LTD., 60, 61, & 62, BUNHILL ROW, LONDON, E.C.

.4 .. a , - ‘.; i. A) . itl• •,1 „ ~,,\, '?' 7' •-::----------'-------------.-'1"..: ......... ii;i!?, ',J.'5...0: \ ''' \ ez:r . "fi.:--;-• / 1- .e, _..---=-_-...._ .. ....... '.. Z.'.iTt,„. ,':iiii i \‘‘` .}. : ......'...:....... ...,::::::,::::::,-.,5,::::.;:•:•:.:....::..... -,:iy---_--7..------,-:____;,_-:-.----:----------_---,,,1i:,:: i:: u1u.,..„ ~!i!') \\ '• \ ..,,..,;::1,....-'..,:: - ,-„,.., t----.,:---::::,;::,...::•::,:--..,:::,:......:.,-,,, ; •,,_',;,---:--:-:-------,------_,------4--. -:;', . •:-:.v--- ",glq, .ii.:,.4 Iv, , , v.:.-:::::::...,:;:::::i:.-, , •,,, ,-,;-",---,?":::,:::',.':..'::.V.,:::::•:.::.•:-:c.,,"..t:------.--*\_' -,----7*i :.i,i, . „.„„„..,...701, ::, ~.,,\\,,,,m.:....,:.,...,.....,.A ._ ' ''"''' r- ',,,,' .4; --'----;..------,E ............................. • ::.-4, -.y ~,,,;, , ••;;:::.;•.:...7:,;:,....;.::,::,...•:_A, .1.:::::::::::::::: \\ i /.,, fm„,.--.--.;_-_____--:-.-_-.-1,70.1.,•,;,:: i!I )), , , ;,'• '':..............:::.....::::.........-:.:.:,, .\\ \ \ ...swi.- -....._---FL,--:-..:,-:-__:-.Yi:E,..-,... ..:.=:_:,,,,1-..iEi-..ili•!, , i ... i 4), ,;, 1 • ~, ,•„,;:f5fi...,••:•••••.:‘,.:.::.y.;:k...:‘ , . 'E-":".:?%:::::;•:::•:S,N /4;,..i '"..7F.c7,4 ---:-..i.:.7„,--_-_-•-••••,,...?_-=r;:-.------,..l.....iiiiii.:;iiii::l! ::•• •:.•.,..;6.• 4z• ~, -0 ~v,,,,,;;;:52,....;:-...-....4,k .-:---,--,--:"••••••••' in :'-&' c,,,,i, .. i'-----=--------•:::---E-:..____"--2.siT:fflIii!h :iii -----_,,,- , ••\ 1,, • i,,./...,::.••;,..*.;:z 'ft;it•--:-:,------:-.:=7-----,--o,ls.P4Wiii'iliHitiil' ''i -1,, / ~./..;;;•;::•.:::;.:;4:1-. ujs,:*-:.:,::;,:,:,::' .\\ ' 7i, ' 4 ,01„:ii, , .',- -----.:--_=-_,--_,----_-.---;--•-•:.-E•V-1,,,.-2LF.Iiiiiiii,g ,;:,. :;,6 ,„:„:1,,,W,1ii 1,.,, ,' I ',d)xf,...../..,........::::,:k,,,, ..,; tt iA, ,' 1,. r ,`,.,,:-.-_,,..----.._=:.---------F=la:":4Er,--.'5',,, ~,,,,,...".1!,.:,.: .-•,,13',6 ,"--- 1, ir ,I , i • ••:,:,,,,....:VS.'7:: .-i...'-':•f:::.A.\\\\ :?...:::•:,.,:.;:,; ' i.,--' ''' •',: ,t's.rP,',::,;.!-.,‘ ,1.,,:•-7-t---,--.-7-,-,11____Ii::::•,,,•:••::::•.•:.. -.f-f,-.V-.•,.•::,••v,,,;,,(.;e,.',,,_ :,-, :::::.,,,.....•...:::-..e\- ::::.,.,\ - „1.• .r. ..6,,---- .... .... .... IF .-,-:--,-- '', , , .-•,.:,_.-..r.....„ /::::::::-:::::::::,...-1_ ~ ~. 4...7. . . -,___-_,-,- ........ ..,,._;.-:-.--„, ..r.„: ----:,,,,•....,• ~./....:i:::::::::-......:::::.:„... ~:,.„::,..:.......:. ~. A,,,,v,., .„,,,0,,„,,:,,,, 1,,,,,f.„;...._ ...-.„..------------ -----,.. ' '-),-;,v)---=----• - -.:::::, -.---,P y ---,--,..::::-...: t\ ' ---;<„, ' - '''l-L-,-46----------- --::.---,-- ----7--,.---,.,,,,..,-.• • _ . --;:•:•':::.•-;::,•:-.•-••:::::‘ . • 4:-..-..::::•::•:-::•: A \. ' •-•:-...-V ,rizi.Z-7-----'--,:-::-.:.:___--.=---:-__-----Z,-- /' ---7:—, ---.-,,::':',:::::::::-:.".:.:•,..-, —:. ...:':),:::::::': ..;•=:..ft-....,., ''''•rii,iir''''''',,,,', --------------- . ;,:: •"' , ...-%''''''. 'Zi;i1::•::::::•:::-.--.-^::::-,--.•7--::::--, - _ k ..,...:...„,\... ~ .., , . 4. ' ,:;",..;,..:V:.':'...::'...::'..-:..'..:''' - - :••• ' '',__.... _ :----...,_ ."7" 1 ....7:g.:A, ;•••.:::*...0.%,, -.--- , ri::::•:"....:.;::.;:::::;„ 5••••=117 ,r---....----y ,7--::;-:-....,:•..,X1 .., ... ,Aik...tFa: ,-...t,?.......,, :;,,,!:41:41i-.:-4-tiL.-=z--..2.7-_:-•:;" -...:,:,-:-::::::: ••• • , - / ~.,.//gP :•!.•"•:i.§l:;.----.----'-'' ''''.;,';.:;;;,=i•:*•%-:,.'...',.....:.:•:::4•Z:'i.fii1',:.,V.L.1'j1i121:::i.--I'.='.'-:•••:-a;.:-=-:.= '' % . SIDNEY ALDRIDGEs , ONE PRIZE OF - - • £3O. ' TWO „ ,) ---,- - £lo. FIVE !.., 17 • TWENTY-FIVE „ For the 33 nearest estimates of the number of Tins of NESTLE'S MILK sold through the Manchestet Office during the year ending December 14th, 1808. Entries Close at 12 o'clock noon on December 14. INSTRUCTIONS—Cut off that part of the label of a rib. Tin of NESTLE'S MILIC across which the words "Prepared in Switzerland" are printed iin red (this can be easily donelby drawing a knife down the black lines enclosing the part.) On the back of this write your estirnateliti figures with your name and address. Nothing else, please, and write clearly. Post this in an eine4 lope, penny postage, addressed— N FSTL ;1 COMPETITION, 22, Hanging Ditch, . Manchester. N.B—The postal authorities will not carry this for a Halfpenny. Employees of the firm not allowed to compete. i In cases of ties the Prizes will be divided. This Competition is open to residents in Lancas.hire,Chesbire,snd the towns of Sheffield,Rotherhant. , Chesterfield, Halifax, Huddersfield, and Barnsley. Competitors may send in any number of estimates (one only on each label),but only one prize awarded any one person. Number of tins sold during the same period eat year was over Three 31illions. , The actual number will be advertised in the local papers on December 15th, and the w;nnerl , , names will appear on December 10/h. Figures certified by Mr. G, 11. RUSSELL, Chartered Accountant, Fennel•street, Manchester who will in conjunction with Mr. J. H. TROUP, Solicitor, 18, Corporation-street, Manchester, act aS Arbitrators, and anyone entering this Cornpetitionmust accept their decision in any dispute as final. , NESTLE'S 'XMAS PRIZES. _ , .... ,

SPECIAL LADIES' AND GENTS ALCM ti 15s, To ct 10 10S. NEW LIOWE GENTS' CYCLES £l2 10s NEW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES £l3 Os EXCELSIOR L IDIES' CYCLES 1.14 OS PREMIER GENTS' CYCLES £l4 OS PREMIER LADIES' CYCLES £l4 O. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10s, NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES £l7 10s. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY J. S'. GARLAND, CYCLE FACTOR, 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

RAILWAY TIME TABLE. NOVEMBER FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge--I 10, 740 8 28, 10 20,11 35, 1 25, 2 55. 520 5 35, 7 50, Sunday-5 10 15 a.m. Altaar and Hillhouse-7 12 8 31,a1 14. a 3 19, Sundays 936 2 5.8 55. a Stops if requiren. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 2 58.53 23, 710,10 20, 120, 1 25 25, 5 20, 7 20. Sundays 2 58. 10 16, aMondays excepted. Mondays only Birmingham (Midland)-6 1, 9 58, 11 55, 12 65, 3 13, 6 0 6 55.11 52. Sundays 515 p.m Blackburn -5 29, 5 45, 835. 955, 11 50, 1 55, 4 50,6 28, 850 Sundays 843, 60. Blackpool-5 29, 545, 835, 956.11 50,12 25,1 55,3 50,4 50, 6 28,8 50,9 40. Sundays 8 43, 60. Bolton-5 15,8 55,9 19,1.0 20,10 40,12 14.a4 25,a6 43, 47 17, a 920, Sundays 843 a.m.,5 15.7 57, p.m.adaturday excepted. ' Carlisle-2 37 a in, 5 29,5 45.11 50. 1225, 155, 6 28. Sun- days 2 37, 3 35. I Chester-7 37,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 27,12 25,1 40,2 15, 2 20, 316 4 22.5 11,6 4.7 44, 10 14, 1132. SundaysB 44,7 45,11 32. Collins Green-75. 8 10,4 9 25, 10 10, 12 7, 1 55, 3 40, 520, 633,7 8, 7 40, 925, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe-a2 58, 5323, 710, 9 50, 10 20, 120, 125, 25, '520, 622,7 20,11 34. Sundays 2 58,10 154 5.11 35.ablondays excepted. bMondaya only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 6, 12 25, 2 20, 3 15, 5 11, 6 4, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, it,m, 74g p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 1, 846, 958, 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 411, 50,655 , 11 52. Sundays 615 p.m. Barlestoa n-7 5,8 10,8 35.9 25, 10 13,11 a, 127, 12 25, 1 55. 3 40,5 20,6 33, 7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30,Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.m.5 10, 6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 38. 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, £ 20, 5 20, 6 17, 80. 9 48. Sundays 848,240.80. Frodsham-7 37, 95, 1023. 2225, 220. 3 15, 4 22, 5 11, 64 7 44,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 7 57, 8 31. 95.12 0 18, 2 15. 40. 70, 80, 040, r 17.0 25, 11 39 Sundays 90. 9 55, n 25, 2 39„7 30,9 18, 1.0 N. dSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 629, 956, 11 50, 1225, 1 55, a 60. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 110, 1225. 1 55,3 50, 520, 7 17, 9 55. Sundays 843.60. Hoci Green--7 12. 757, 831, 95, a 9 30, 120, 18, 215, 40. 60. 70, 80, b 9 40, alo 25. Sunday 90, 11 26, 239, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Oadishead (oentral)-7 0,7 55, 82, 7 10, 9 15. Sundays 885, 1014. 3 15,5 15, 7 18, 9 35. Latonford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 8 0,8 35,9 0, 9 58 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 2 22, 3 38.4 11,5 18, 6 13. '1 8, a 7 45, 927 SundaYs 8.52,N3.- BW, .8)_323. 5 a:115tu10r,d5ay352.0n71y5.. 8 10, 835 925, Livelri,Po°°,ll.2 7(;L 12 25, 115,520,78, 740. 1030. Sundays 3 5,510. 830, 835, 843, 5 10. 60, 964. From High Level Platform. aMondays excepted. pool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 615. 10 9 320,5 20,6 17,80, 948. Sundays 848, 2 40, 750 1153, 1. 55. heshire Lines)-7 12, 7 67, 8 31, 95, 1024. Is2utni,davleyr3PB 0 ,181 (C,215, 40. 6 13. 70.8 0. 59 4.) 10 25 1048. 11 39 ,9 55.1128, 2 39, 7 10, 9 18. 10 18,10 33, bexcept Saturdays. Lonao,, (L. &N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23, .7 10, 9 50, 12 0. 2 5, 520, 622, 11 34. 'z undays 2 58, 10 15, 46, 11 35,5510udays excepted. calcmdaYa only. London (Midland)--6 1, 846, 958, 12 55, 5 0,6 65, 11 52 .1 Sundays 9 37 a.m., 515 P.m. -620,7 22,8 0.835, 9 0.9 58,10 49,12 36, 1 14, a 2 22 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 813, 78. a 7 45. 927. Sundays 859, 38: 612. aSaturclays only Manchester (L. & N.-W.) 7 20, 7 55, 8 30. 8 57,9 55, 1046, 111 610, 7 5, 9 25,11 40. Sundays 8 46, 35.8 10, high Level Platform. I,ll4inab.3ch3pesroe 9 tine4r(From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)- 6 20 7 22, 80, 8 35, 90, 9 68, 10 49, 1 14, 3 38, 4 11,6 13. 7 8, 9 27, Sundays '8 69, 3 8, 8 12. From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55. 8 2,8 55, 92, 9 65, 1055, 11 23,11 55, 1256. 155. 255. 3 55,4 55, 5 55, 8 55, 7 p,-,5 75, , 8 13, 8 55, 9 15, 985. Sundays 866, 9 37,1014 30, 3 15,5 15, 7 18, 9 35, 10 0. Middlewich-7 40, 1020. 2 555, 5 355,7 20.53aturdays only. Moore-7 40,10 20,11 35,1 25,2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a, 3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 5, 7 50, 8 1 0 8 35,9 19,925,10 20,10 40,10 55,11 0,12 14,12 25,1 15.1 55,3 30 , 3 48, 4 21,5 20, 6 531 17,9 20, 950, 1030. Sundays 3 10. 740 8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 5 0,6 0, 7 47,9 54. alandays only. cMon days excepted. Padgate-7 0, 7 55,8.2,8 40,10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20.1 44,2 40 3 55.5 28,7 10, 812,9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 347, 515 9 35. Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35. 953, 11 50, 12 25, 3 50. 480, 628, 7 17., 8 50, 9 40.29 55. Sundays, 2 37, 8 43, 335. 60 954. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38,8 25,9 45, 11 53, 1.55, 320. 5 20, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 766, 9 5, 105, 11 5, 120. 1 8, 2 15, 2 58, 4 0,5 29. 69, 70,80. 92. 29 40, 510 25. 10 46. Sundays 90, 1125. 239. 8 65. 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays only. cMondays only. (0.L.C.) Sheffield '(Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -846, 1055, 12 46 165, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 5 15, St.Helells-5 32,-7 5, 8 10,8 35,9 25, 10 10, 110, 127, 12 25, 3 40,5 20,6 23,7 8,7 40,9 25,10 30. Sundays 835.8 43,6 O. 9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 IC, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114 319, 4 0,5 6, 60, 7 9,9 25. Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 855, aSatur days only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0,8 35,9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14.a2 22, 338. 4 11, 5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. a Saturdays only. From Arpley Station. . Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 95 106, 11 5, 120, 18, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,70, 80, 925, a 9 40, 510 25. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39,9 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays fly. Widnes ( L. and N.-W-)-7 33, 825, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 520,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, 240,80. Wlgan-2 37, 5 29,5 45,7 5,8 35,9 56,11 0.11 50, 12 25,1. 55, .3 3, 3-56, 4 50. 520. 6 28, 7 17,8 50.9 40,9 55. Sunday, 2 37, 8 43,3 35. 6 0, 9 54. TO WARUINOTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 45, 11 2, 12 3, 3 25, 4 45, (20, 830 Sundays 7 55, 442. Alte,ar and Hillhouse-1 8, 7 13, 829, 957. Sunday* 9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-11 42,3 10, 550,9 10, 1225, 2 0 725. Sundays 11 42,3 10,12 40, 11 42.3 10. Birmingham (51idlan4)-6 5, 7 42, 860, 11 43, 1 25, 2 45, 645 650. 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. 515 x - ept Mondays. - Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 35, 3 47, 5 27,7 50, Sundays, 80, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, 8 3,8 45. 9 55, 10 35, 11 40, 1 40. 3 15, 4 5,5 23, 8 35,10 0. Sundays 725, 135, 512, 7 35, Blackpool (Central) -65, 7 25,7 55, 825, 8 55, lu 10,10 20 1125,1. 5.2 5,2 55,4 i 0,4 58, 5 5, 6 50. 815. 108 Sundays? 10, 115, 4 57,8 40. Bolton-5 45, 7 55, 8 38, 9 40. 10 30.12 30. 2 15.4 15, 5 10. 5 55,7 25, 835,10 50. Sundays 8 20 a.m., 65, 925 p.m.aSatur- days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40. 8 40, 1 40, 1 50, 422, 5 55, 730, Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a, 7 65,8 45, 940, 10 12,10 50,11 40, 1 60, 2 10, 3 0.35. a 4 35.5 8,5 15, 635.7 35, 810. Sundays 2 32, 435, 6 30, 6 55, aMondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39, 79, 8 42, 1024, 1121, 14, 1 43, 22, 3 10.4 6,5 36,6 23.7 47, 96. 10 46. Sundays 8 10. rewe- 2 1, 465. 6 0,6 30,8 13.9 20, 11 15, 11 30, 2 25. 235. 415, 645 6,40, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 485, 7 10, 2 45, 4 10,9 20, 2 1, 4 65. Daresbury-8 16, 1017, 1127. 2 47, 5 53, 8 48. Sundays 7 21, a.m, 7 45 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15, 9 35, 10 7, 10 25,1 12. 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 8 5, al2 35, 335. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 665, a 35. aßxcept Mondays. Barlestown-6 51, 846, 9 32, 16, 3 11, 5 51, 5 38, 6 30, 733, 83 9 15, 1152, Sundays 8 33, 952, 10 0, 7 18. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 41, 12 24, 29, 327, 57.6 2.6 64, 9 14. Sundays 8 12, 257,12. • Frodshans-7 55,9 1, 10 1, 11 11, 2 31, 4 1.1, 5 36, 6 57, 831 Sundays 6 57.a.m. 7.20 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90. 9 50, 1040. 10 48 120, 1266. 211. 35. 4 58, 59. 656, 657, 724 93. Sundays 8 23, 9 10, 2 40,3 12,4 42, 681. 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 10 10, 21, 5 55. Sundays 6 50,9 s,a3londays excepted. Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 1012, 1.228,2 41, 4 41, 5 30,7 15, 99, 104?. Sundays 9 40. 75. ' Rough Gree-1-57 45, 8 15, 99, 103, 1055, 19, 150. 2 22 . 519. 6 10, 523, 6 7,7 11,7 38, 9 18. SundaysB 37, 9 20, 3 26, 4 55,94 9 10. Irlara and Cadishead (Central) - 9 63, 55, 8 60, 11 20 andays 1059. 653, 8 40. 100. Latchford-8 14. 840. 934. 102. 11 17; 120. al 45. 213 30, 4 22, 5541. 6 7, 6 49. 749, 9 42. 1127. Sundays 823 2 33,7 25. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool(cia Barlestown)-1 0 a 2 .55,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25.11 50 , 15. 130. 3 20, 4 25. 460.1 .35.7 5. 8 25,10 5,11 15,. Sundays 107 30,9 20, 630,8 40 Mondays only. Via Widnes 6 25, 8 20, 95, 9 60. 1230, 1 25, 2 40, 3 35, 420 520, 65. 830, 10 45. Sundays 735. 2 10. 715. 10 45. Liverpool (Central)-5 30. 630. 710 7 40. 833. 933. 1020, . 10 33, 11 65, 12 35. 1 55. 2 35, 4 40. 4 59, 5 36, 6 35, 75, 80, 840. al° 45, 5110. Sundays 80. 90, 2 30. 2 50, 4 20, 6 30, 8 33, aSaturdays only. 55aturday5 excepted. London (I,: & N.-W.)-10 0, 120 5 15. 7 10, 12 15, 2 15, 4 15, 5 30. Sundays 120. aSatulday night only. London (6iidland)-5 15,10 5,120, 20. 40, 50, a 9 15. 1.20, Sun ays 320, 315. aexcept Mondays Lymm-8 '7,S 32, 9 25, 9 54. 11 9, 1 11, al 37, 25. 2 53, 4 14, 55 33, 5 :Al, 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 1119. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 7 15. a,Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L 3m N.-W.)-6 35,7 28. 7 55, 928. 10 38, 12 38. 25. 3 43,a58. 823, 66. 710, 90. Sundays, 7 34, 1 44, 634 aSaturdas excepted. From Oxford Road. Manchester (Lonclon.road)-7 0, 7 50, 925, 10 35, 12 35 5. 20. 3 40, 555, 520,65, 75. Bts. 1045. Sundays 730 30 1 40. b mtturdays excepted. aSatardayt only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 45, 720. 833, a 9 5, 930 9 35,10 30, 10 55, 11 30, 12 30. 12 45, 1 3). 2 30, 3 30 • 4 30,4 43 6 30,6 3v, 6 38,7 30, 8 30.8 33, 9 55,1.5 0, a,O 35, 11.0. Sun- days 8 30, 9 10,9 30, 10 40,1 40. 25, 6 35, 8 20, 9 40. aSatur- day. s,only. Middiewicll-6 48,2 42, 6 6. Moore-6 56.96. 11 14,12 17,3 40,5 0,7 33.Sundays.8 19,480 New ton 6 55, 725, 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 2, 11 30 12 43, 1 0,1 28, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 55, 9 15, 9 65. Saturdays 1 40, 3.2. 37, 47, 4 58, 5 10, 5 35. Sundays 8 33, 9 49, 10 0, 3 4U. 7 20 , 11 5. Padgate 748,826,90. 10 61 9, 210, 3 12a, 5 18a 7 3,9 25. Sundays 663. 11 20, 2 32.9 12, 10 13. Preston 29, 4 5, 5 53,a6 25, 8 15. 95 9 26, 10 10,11 28, 121.5, 30, 3 55, 4 25, 6 43. 6 45, 7 27, 830. 9 45. 11 0. Sundays 29, 46, 835, 30, 6 10, 1047. 2 36. a Vondays excepted. Runcorn 8 33, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30, 1 25, 32, 440 5 41, 6 30, 8 10. bankey-6 53, 756, 8 31, 925, 10 20, 11 24,12 36, 1 36, 1 36 2 43, 3 44, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 42, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 1 60 40, 5 7,928. isheffield-8 25, 11 5. 1 55. 5 5, 70. Sundays. 8 10.6 5. Li Helens-6 30, 8 42, 11 23. 1 25, 2 45, 430, 650, 82), Sunday 7 45. 2 5,- 7 25. Southport-8 5, 10 80, 11 15.12 53, 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70, 810 95, 9 40. Sundays, 90,20, 8 0. Thelwall-8 10, 836, 930. 968, 1113, 1 15. 1 41, 2 9,2 55, 4 13, 5 37, 63, 645, 745. 937, 1123. Sundays, 819, 229. 7 20. Widnes(Cheshire Lines)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25, 2, 1 30, 325 4 25. 5 29, 6 12. 715, 7 51, 9 3 143, a Sea- days 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10, 920, a Saturdays only Wi4nes (L. & N W.)-7 5, 8 58, 9 33, 10 33, 12 16, 1289 22,320.358,50, 555, 646, 96, IL 6, Bundays, 8 14, 250 7 54, 11 6. Wigan -6 33,8 15, 9 52,10 0, 1125, 12 15,1 43,2 30,4 30.5 20, - 75, 9 0,10 35. Sundays, 2 39, 6 55, 11 13.

MAILS. " 5-0 ROD. Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. 9-10 All places south of Crewe. 9-55 Ireland and all parts West of Chester. 10-30 Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Presc,ot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybrhige, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day 11-10 Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield. Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. 2-15 pan. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Walee,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and S .„,:h Wales 3-0 Ashtort-in-Makerfiela, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick 4-30 ~ Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, :Stockport .and all Yorkshire. ... 5-30 Wigan. 8-0 All Parts—General N ight Mail. SIINDAy DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail. RECEIVING HoITSE, SUB-OPPICEs, AND WALL Boxirs ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

FOR ACHES AND PAINS RUB IN Elliman's For Rheumatism, Lumbago, „ Sprains, Bruises, Fresh Elliman's Cuts, Elliman's „ Sore Throat from Cold, Elliman's „ Cold at the Chest, Elliman's „ Neuralgia from Cold, Elliman's „ Chilblains before Broken, RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. Elliman's „ Corns when Painful, Elliman's ~ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs Elliman's after Cycling, Football, Elliman's Rdwing, &c. Bottles Bid., Is. I id., 25. 9d., 48. Prepared by Elliman, Sons& Co.,Slough

THE ELLIMAN PAINTING, BOOK. Nine Coloured Hunting Scenes. Nine Black and White Copies fo Colour. Send Stamps value of Sixpence. Write your Address Plainly. Published by Elliman, Sons & Co., Slough.

POSTAL INFORMATION 110 ST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be post e with Ordinary Postage, and with an; Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Wlllow3 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Prodsham, Helsby, Dareabury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lyinm, Thelwall. Newchurch 6-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, stretton, Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and ti.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London' Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales. and Foreign, and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester. Bolton. Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Presten, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England.Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Privet, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Bt. Helens, Wiunes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manohester, South-Bust Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Norihumberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—Londou. 8:-Ea,tern, midland and Southern Counties, Crewo, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bri it 01 Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorashire, klancheste 13• East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumberland, W:gan Bolton 245 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.— Liverpool, Southport, Birkenhead. Northwhicb Nantwich and Sanobacli 2-45 pan.—Frodslaam, Frodsham Bridge. Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runiorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le Willows, Manchester 3 OV.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate r and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwalf, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- -5.45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.M.—Town Delivery 9.30 p.m.—Preston, West ()timberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign Juetters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m ,12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m, delivery is suspended. . EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ffigh-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jantes Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 am. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays Tto 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m The Tele.raph Office Is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p a , and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL Pon.— Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-16, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p:m LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. Ordinary Extra Postage. lid. Stamp

IF YOU WANT TO GET WELL TAKE WARNER'S "SAFE" CURE, THE ONLY KNOWN SPECIFIC FOR Kidney & Liver Diseases, , Intlarnma.tion & Gravel, Gall Stones & Jaundice, -Rheumatism & Gout. "WARNER'S‘SAFE' CURE does won- ders for sufferers from BRIGHT'S DISEASE."—PaoF. DR. it. A. GUNN. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE com- pletely cured my INDIGESTION and LIVER TROUBLE."—REv. JAMES THOMAS, Newtown, Mont. "WARNER'S SAFE' CURE effected a permanent cure after having been a martyr to RHEUMATIC GOUT for twenty-three years."-- MAJOR MCMURRAY, Armagh. "WARNER'S 'SAFE' CURE proves the remedy par excellence when suffering from DYSPEPSIA and NERVOUSNESS."—REv. C. SquIRRELL, Rugby. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per Bottle. For Sale by all Chemists and. Dealers.

I (11 0 jilasi TRES when all other Remedies rail, IT ACTS LIKE :MAGIC IN RELIEVir C ALL PAID AND THROWN AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and bunions, It Scams and 13,>moves all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 11. of all Chemists: M. BEETHAM 8c sox. Chemists, CRELTRIHAM.

A GREAT VSC743RY. ASTHMA GOZQUEREEI AT LAST. r I ytati , • THE GREAT tIEIIICINAL CURE. A Boon, a Blessing, and Coed Hews to all sufferers from Asthma, Bre:midi:is, Severe Beide, WhE.seziness, Breath- lessness, and ail Brenoh!al and pulmonary Affections. KURASMA not a varionr for inhalation but , a medicinal liquid for Interoal 17,0, and is the only ,leonine Remedy and Core Mr Asthma. Bronchitis, Revere Colds, ‘Yheerdlig. Breathlessness Ac. Sufferers should not Tinian rfAy in trying from all loading bottle. Chronic and most stubitorn ,ases cor6d. lonimaanio Clionilats, or (Trott fr.-0 frocl unsolicited teatimonialg trona all ca a cc. Price 2:1) no, Co itladiCinos. Limited. Oswald Stimot, Glasgow. "—•—"

"Sanitas TleMg- TRADL ARV Best&Most Popular. Disinfectant, In ali Ca,es of Fever Befor Purifying,lke "Sanitas" FLPOwders&Soaps ' Send for_ Pa m phlet ThesltutasC9L ElethnoiCaeen londonE, Sanitas Embrocation Bd., 1/-, 2/6

HAVE YOU BAD LEG Wad wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaur surrounded with iuflarnrnationana wollsn, that w hen you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defier all the remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disa.ase if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have rttended various hospitals and had medical advice, aril seen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation ; but do not. for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say perhaps ; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Poatal Order for 2s. 63. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARRINGDON-STREET LONDON, and you will receive a box:of GRASSHOPPER 01NTAIEIN T AND PILI,g which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legg libase- maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, rots )101 Hands. Bunions. Registered Copylight.)

A REAL BOON TO LADIES. TO Especially to those who wieh to know of a LADIES. TO sate, certain, and speedy remedy for all LADIES. TO irregularities and obstru .tlons, a remedy LADIES. T O under the moat trying circu- lt a LADIES. TO TO stances and in the most difficult LADIES. TO 0133TINATII CASES LADIES. TO DRYER FAILS TO AFFORD LADIES. TO RELIEF, LADIES. TO GENERALLY IN A FEW HOURS. LADIES. TO LADIES, TO No case hopeless, failure Is simply irn- a.._DIES. TO possible, as Mrs. Snow, of Denmark Hill, LAr Camberwell, writes: LA DIES. TO „By adopting your treatment my ,TO anxiety and misery was over TO twenty•four hours, although for over three LADIES. TO LLAADIEESS; TO. months I had bem daily taking pills and LADIES. TO Other things in vain. Ralf the funantity LADIES. Tooyuansend surprise. LADIES. effective, to my intense TO LADIES. 1 TO LADIES. TO A sworn guarantee is ens oeed with all LADIES. TO testimonials and medicine, which is in- LADIES. Tv ~ expensive, as one bottle at its 63. (13, post. tis. 9d) is usually sufficient for any case. LADIES. TO Full particulars will be gladly forwarded LADIES. TO to aoY lady on receipt of addressed LADIES' TO euvel°Pe' LADIES. TO Write privately to— LADIES. TO LADIES. TO 14- LADIES. TO MRS. E. W. ALLEN. LADIES. TO LADIES. TO LADIES. 145, STOCRWRLL ROAD, TO LADIES. TO LONDON. LW. ' LADIES TO LADIES

prectose4os44==toneeoSOClSOCi Zi Never be without a bottle of; iSymington'sEdinburghCoffee 1 , Essence in the house. All Grocers sell it. It makes de- licious coffee in a moment. 2 specciwzGoezvw—ozzezozateez

These tiny Capsules relieve, , k'''. '•-• ' . Kidney aud Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to # Copaiba, Cubebs or Injections, , ' ' , C and cure In forty-eight hours L ' .1....1,-,, 4 the same diseases without inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name •It idy.' Sold by all Chemists or post free .16, ficrn WILCOX a CO., ' 83,Mortimer St.,London,Vir-

=FOR-THE EI-1000 ••P at,„' aiwd-T7, rj eAV. I L'Ca WORLD-FAMES P: Do , • edi THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estlmated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on ffirther to say "It is the finest Plood Purifier that science and skill have brought to aight,and we can with the utmost confidenai recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever reuse arising Nor Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin cad Blom. Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mary alone. It Is the only real specific, for Gout and Rheuma 10 Pains. for It removes the cause from the blood and hems. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and Us. each of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG ZIOMPANY LINOOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

Send to , • RAY ed, EV137,..E535 Lav4erperoal I For 11,Wstrata1 Prico Liz! of tner CTASDIG IBost Vaduct in En

Men who are weak and tired of I slung Nansenu% and MYS- TERIOUS PREPARATIONS to no GOOD PURPOSE ougLt to write te the Pnysician, in confidence, and full narticu- tars will ba sent FREE as to how all casts of NERVOUS DEBILITY ,LOSS OF VIGOUR, WASTING asdALLIED WEAK- NESSEScan beSUCCESSFULLY and PERMANENTLY CURED. —Send stamp d addressed envelope to COLLINS CO., 9, Erskine-street, Liverpcol. Please mention paper.

THE GREAT REDIEDY. tyt TSAI ASS • -GOUT pILLS FOR GOUT. EHRUMATISM, SCIATICA. LUMBAGO The Excruciating Pain Is quickly relieved. Sure, Safe and effectual. All Chemists and Stores at ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANIZED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES & BEDSTEADS. GUARANTED . Carriage Paid, and FOR Flys YEARS Liberal Cash Discount allowed. EXHIBITED , Carrying ONE TON ,t AT Liverpool, Manchester. AND OTHER Exhibitions Great reduction in prices Apply to The Longford Wire Co., Limited, Warrington. SHOW ROOMS AT THE WORKS.

ro elf 0,1 „ c Lt k;f9 , g"P • v vt CURES BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, IIiTLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Thtioat Quinsy, . t CHAPPED HAD, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, (13. IT 111 INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF Stiff larCraitS3 SPralliils9 Etzarmags, Soraclo, azaci EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. Manufactured only at 7S. New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

. _ pyt,se,,. " IBIS_" 1 TOOTHACHE Alp 1 C 211411C1E 'I. - NEURALGIA cuRB. "Ipl.. ln bottles. Is. litl., of all Chemists 4tot "set or Post Free from Manufacturer. ' Mr. A. B. ROBINSON. L.D.S., R.U.S. tt London, Surgeon-Dentlst. . . .. . 29 Seymour-street, Livernool. —.---

_ The -finest Coffee Essence that money can buy is Syrairigton's Edin- burgh Coffee Essence. Makes a cup in a moment. From Grocers through- out the world.

FOR ATHLETES, AND ALL OTHERS interested in athletics, cycling, golf, tennis, riding, sparring, or any Sport, a bath with CIITICIIRL SOAP is one of the luxuries of modern civilization. It cleanses, purifies, and beau- tides the skin, scalp and hair, soothes and preveatS chafing, itching, irritation, and inflamm ttion. and when followed by a gentle anointing . with Cunctrae, purest and sweetest of emollients, proves most grateful in re- lieving and strengthening tired, lamed, strained, and painful musc'es.

THE FAMOUS L. AND Y. AZ*, • TAWNY FLAKE TOBACCO. THE SWEETEST AND COOLEST SMOKE' ji ON EARTH, IN loz. AND 20z. FOILS, 4d PER OZ. TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BES WICK. 58, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

LATEST NEWS. THE BIRMINGHAM TRA.GEOY. SENSATIONAL CONFESSION BY A PRISONER. Toe men Claude Munby and Oeorge Webb were brought up at the Birmingham Police Court yesterdaY. charged with murdering Mary Ana /lama, a maiden lady who lived alone. Much intere tw as ar )used, and fill a sensation was created wheel it became known that Munby had made a full confession of the crime. states that be and Webb got down the cellar grating anu slept in the basement until seven o'clock in he morn. lug, and then went into the old lady's bedroom. SO awoke on thoir entering and thy seizel her. Webb Are exclaimed " Let's do for her." Instead of that, how" tati ever, they put a handkerchief in lair mouth and fastened TO her to the bed. When they discovered that she scas BO dead they fled from the boose. All the moley the,' DI 1 Stole was eighteen shillings. BL THE CREWE RAILWAY COLLISION. ANOTHER DEATH. After lying unconscious for sever al days John Henry Yates, of Wavertree, Liverpool, the driver of the light engine which was run into by an express goods train near Crewe, lest Saturday, died in the hasoi!al at tea o'clock yest ord ay. When his englne was smashed a rod penetrated his body right througn. Both drivers are now dead. FATAL SQUALL OFF THE IRISH COAST. A Londonderry correspoldent telegraphs that .a lamer" table fishing fatality occerred yeeterday off Moville. Lough Foyle. Teree men named D therty, Smyth, and Fartea were drawee I. Their boat was caught i 3 a squall. WORLD'S SWIMMING RECORD FOR 100 YARDS BROKEN. At a gala held on Wednesday night at the Cheethabl Baths, Manchester, J. H. Derbyshire, the amateur short distance champion, broke the 100 yards word's record. covering the distance ia lna. 1-si. Toe previous record fri was 1111. 4-53. SUDDEN DEA.TH OF A MANCHESTER Ca SCHOOLMASTER.oh on Mr, J. P. Carr aged 23 years, wh lee parents lived al MISS Side, Manchester, died suddenly yesterday morn' ing while cenduclng class at the Boys' algh School. Sekaire, where be was egoist ant science master. Ho ha 1 stiff Ind from reelmitsm, bet WAS thought te be other wife in gated health. The slider:mess of the death SI (he fall at his cheek) created a pei Ifni sensation. LATEST LOC AL WEA.THER FORECAST. The following are the Meteorological Office forecaste of weather for the twenty-four hours ending noon to• day, iisued at eleven o'clock yesterday morning North-easterly gales and strong winds, with snow all' s'eet, squalls, very unsettled.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67, R ENS HAW SrR ET, LIVERPOOL HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE D SALER. THE CHEAPEST and BRST HOUSE in the CITY% ta purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS. HEARTII. RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING' and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes, Cut-Glso, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Silver. Electro Plate, Overmanties, Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables. Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, BO' steads. Dining Tables, Po.. Ac. ANTIQUE FUNNITURR A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions siy this Establishment is unsurpassed fc/ lii ktyle and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED.

JOHN CHORLEY, LI IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT. BUTTIMMARKIST-STREET AND SCOTLAND-ROAD. WARRINGTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO., LTD., and SI The " UNBREAKABLE " PULLEY and MILL 'sr GEARING' CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Dart Arms, Springs and Axles. Tyre Hoops, an sit"' !myna, Vices, Bellows, Nails, Screws. Bolts and Chains Be All descriptions, Spades and Shovels, Files and Rasps, liatr Water Pipes and Gutters. Oils, PAlats. and Colours, vanised Corrugated Sheets. Rocfing Felt, Az., Forging' ILO"' Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

FOR FIRST-.CLASS P it IVA, TO 1 t D E N T I El T R Y . it - hl TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may " 1E arranged. lio TEETH. All consultations free. if tz TEETH. Hach patient Informed beforehand the cost a A work required. tl TEETH. Gold and other fillings ap moderate charges. rrEET.H. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless EstorEfic;iiqnroasuo hitherto by the ILO ( o TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 goon/ c a weekly. a Exors.,of the late 1 J. H. PARKINSON (1 (DgicruT BY EXILIC) MANCHESTER ........ ...........46, MOSLEY-STREST. t 1 (Telephone 1660), a C LIVERPOOL .....-....-...........--5, BOLD-STRES2 t (Telephone 2155) t ST. HELENS ..... ....... .......„...GEORGE-STRE MONDAY. 9 a m. to 7 p.m. . SATENDAY, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. EARLESTOWN .........—............7. BRIDGE-STREET, • TL !MAY, 2 p.m. WARRINGTON ....................3A, SANKEY-STRESI WEDNESDAY, 2 to 6. , RUNCORN .......,.....................31, BRIDGE-ST/00T' I s THURSDAY, 2to 5. 1 NORT HWIC El ...........18, APPL 0 MARKET-ST.l'4Eor' FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 2. .

DEATHS. Kraturats—November Bth, at 3lersey-street, Warringtoll" James Elmblia, aged 30 years. Co3oßoV6—November 9th. at Kearn-street, Warringtotli Martin Cosgrove, aged 64 year 3. WELLFARE —November 10th, at Winwick-road, Warringt°' Henry Welliare, aged 79 years. CARNEY —November 10th. at Wilderspool road, Warritigw'' Mary Carney, aged 65 years. GLEAYE—November 12th, at Chorley-street, Weren't°. Dinah Glaave, aged 47 yeara. WHITEHOUSE—November 13th, at Greeitall-street, Warn° ton, Harriet Alice Whitehouse. aged 23 years. IN MEMORIAM. In loving memory of Taillike SYHE 3, who died at TwigZe,rf. Cottage, Manohester-road, Warrington, on November 210 1898, aged 53 years. " Not forgotten." —O4

FRIARS ORION, WARRINGTON (Opposite Arpley Station). S. T. WARD AND Co.. MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monumente,Torn°l Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Granite. Marble. al Stone. Designs and Estimate Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING' PIONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
