===== 0002601_18980225_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
i bit....tehliS. ~_ P,VO - ..i: PALI

ESTABLIE,HEZ 1851. BIRKBECK BANK. Southampton Buildinrss, Chancery Lane, London. —PM-A:cal-A-11A t.,l` per CENT. INTEREST allowed On SITS, repayable on demand. )F.r VENT on CURRHET Ac:IOITNTS, or. Pv.hittly talnwtem, wkru not drawn beton 1.7.100. '4uUKS,'BriABES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. rot the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small 'nun 1, 'Poet, and allows interest monEaly on each com- b eted

BIRKBECII BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASH A HOUSH OR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

/3111,..K8ECK FREEHOLD LIND SOCIETY 'LOW TO PURCE/ASII A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The to,_ tree. • "'WRECK ALMANaCK, with full particulars post FRANCIS RAVIINSCROFT. Manager.

bipping Rottras.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gilk

===== 0002601_18980225_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
STRINGS, of the Finest Quality.

ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches.

NEW IS THE TIME. THEY' WILL KEEP, AND NOT BAT ANYTHING. SURPLUS STOCK oF SUIT ODD PATTKRNS AND ODD SIZES °JACKETS, VESTS & USERS, TO BE CLEARED.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
BOYS' DEPARTIt NNT.

OVERCOATS at GIVING AWAY PRICES. ABOUT TWENTY DIFrERENT LiTYLBa. ALL THE LATEOT. MUST BE CLEARED.

BETWEEN 500 AND 600 YOUTHS' AND BOYS'

SUITS. Some Slightly Soiled. RED UCHD TO HALF PRIOR. WILL Make Capital SCHOOL SUITS AT TIME PRICER.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
NOW IS YOUR TIME. COME EARLY.

MANCIIESTP.R TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORF,EHARKET STREET, WAR N.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
MADAME DU VAL'S

LAVENDER PILLS FOR LADIES.

SPNEDI, SAFE AND CHRTAIN. IN BOXES Za. 9d. and 4s. ed. Pot, free. SecreDy packed from MADAMN DU VAL. 47, NT. MAEOT'S OHAMBURS, n. MART AXE, IiONDON, B.C.

EADE'S pIL L 8 . ppi.s. All who suffer from Gout or •Zheumatism should immediately E.E,ADAD:: pgali. .11,V13 reoourse to IiADIS'S Pf LLS. 4undreds of Testimonials have _La IDADEI pa& x been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to X.l rpm, plus. ,;„he wonderful power these Pills .ave in giving relief In the vets I,mrst cases. These Pills are purely EADIn3 plus. .egetable and perfectly safe in their action.

--- • INSTANT RIILIRF .I.ND RAPIDLY CURES TRH .wousr FORM 0 GOUT, PitiliUMATlal, RHEU:ATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THR HAD, FACR, AND LIAM, And have the largest recommendation eve given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT • • 16,Burton-erescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HRUM A TISM "Dear Sir,—lt Is with unisounded pleasure I send you a few lines In GOUT pollee of your most excellent Pills. It iS SIX years since I first had RHRUMATIS H Rheumatic Gout, ancl I had three months in bed with it. Of course .!_OUT had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. '

R H HUH AT IS M The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try yourPilla. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHE U M A.T IS M nay being laid up again. Ever Lance, when I have had the least G°' pain I have taken 2 or 3 Fills tend I have been all right again UMATI directly. I WOULD HOT HE WITHOUT , (OUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. LIR lIBUMAT/BM Tau are quite at liberty to make what use you lik of this, and I GOUT 'shall be pleued th s.nswer any °poor sufferer who cares to write RIABU MA, T ISM me (encloeing stamped addrese). hing you every sweets, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." /LADE'S GOUT 1.7-41) RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chsunlats, in Bottles. Is. I}.l. and 2s. 94. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, agoRGiE RADE, 72, CIOSWELL-ROA.D, EX. Ask for and be sure Von obtain BADS' S GOUT AND 4111111- 3ATZO PILLS. EADIC S PILLS

Itionep.

DEAN'S FEMALE .) IXTURE II poittively op, only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not barns the most &Aleuts. It will cure the moat obstinate eases witbin 12 hours. Success guaranteed ,in every ease, however long standing. THOULLANDO 07 GENUINE ,TESTIIAONIALS. rice 2s. 9d. ; post free 3d. extra. To be bad only C. DRAIN, MEDICIAL U 3. Gray's lan Road, London.W. 0

_ ?../ MIN WALKER & CO., e (EXAMINEE' OFFIC'E BEwssy•STIIBBT. WARRINGTON.

GEN E RAL PR IN TING oir EVERY D ES C R I PTION Executed with Neatness and Descateh. PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES PRINTING FOR dUILDING SOCIETIES. PRINTING FOR RICKE r CLUBS, PROGRAES, BOORS OF WORDS WINDOW BILLS ,E PLACARDS PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES

PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PRINTING FOR BANK 402W,Arz' PRINIING FOR A TIONEEW!, PRINT.NG FOR CHURCHES, P NTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES,

g kjONCERT PROGRAMMES. 6 TICKETS, BOOKS OF WORDS, POSTERS, ac. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CON VERSAZIONE PROGRAMMES FOI ETES, kc.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., " WINER " OMER, WARRINUTON,

===== 0002601_18980225_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1•Im.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"

===== 0002601_18980225_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
From Dr. B. J. POULTIN AND Co., HornoitEtle.

We hAve made pretty extensive uie of •Chlorodyne 1 oar praettee lately and look up nlt as nn encellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pen and Irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from n hatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude n4t obtainable byway other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects.

" Berl Russell communicated to TIP College of Physictans that he received a despatch from %es i,l4.lesty's Consul at Manilla to the eft -ct that Cholvra been raging fearfully. and that the OI‘LY remedy of any snlitee %hi CHLOE°. DYNII."—Bee Lancet. Ist Deoember. 1354: CAIJIION.-B gIVA (I OF r[firS:CY AND IMIT.i- -_ _

—C.IUTION.—Vice-Ohanoelfor—iiiiir. Riot: worm stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNIS wee, undoubtedly. the inventor ot " OHLOIWDYNIS " end tbat te story of the defendant FRP:Y.IIJAN, uas delihentely Ilutrue, wbieli he regretted to say had been sworn to. —See Time, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles rt Is. lid.. N. ed.. and 4s. Ed. None Is genuine without the won, IJR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S ORLORODYIIE ou the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Magical testimony a:companies each bottle. BOLE HAMIPACTVItrIti :—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Ituasell-street, Bloomsbury. Lon on

A CIIANMING NEW SONG. SHICD TO-DAY.

"RUSH DON'T a charming new Song by MERE KENNEDY (author-composer of " Say 'An Revoir," to.); sweetly pretty. ear-haunting melody. Sung everywhere with great success. Full music size. Post free for 6 stamps. WINN AWAY I A copy of" JUANITA,' celebrated 'ong by the Hon. Mtg. NOR/ON (full muds size) will be presented to purchasers or above absolutely free of charge if this advertisement is enelosed with order. Send te-day to ARTHUR and CO., 78 Highestrert. hornet-ton, London.

ALL LADIES will be glad to hear that Mrs. M. Damerau, OBRTIFICATED MIDWIFE, has a sato and certain mixture for obstructions and Irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. 94. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in lc,ng-standing obstinate oases. It comet fail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant people, they never send ou the right remedy. If you have already done so, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and 3nu will not be deceived. You will find that it is always elseaper to come to the right place first. Below are some testimonials received. The originals of these, with thousands of °them can be a en any time. oßrinn your wri Femalet es From Mrs. Chetharx : "Madam, will you kindly send. sl ore again on., balite of your Female Mixture, as the last acted pl ituernn of sat rt e."—Mrs. e rs. It riot me all right last ohne, aud I trust it will do PO again." Kindlyby vnad„d id r.Mixture. —From Mrs. Iletcher t "Madame I received the Mixture all right, and I took the doses as stated ; it did all that was needed, for which I thank you very rauch."—Mrs. S. writes from Sheffield: "I am pie:sr:en to tell you your medicine did all that was required, though I thought it had failed, for I had the la.at dose thirty hours before any change took place. I had the last dose on Sunday. Rad all was right as posaible Tuesday Rite, noon. Bverything had been as well as It was possible Had I written t von at first, I should have been ovor £2 in pocket. You may show this letter, but rover name and address "—Mrs. Bryan writ s : "Madam, I am glad to be able to report that th .. last two doses have had the desired effect. I shall r commend your remedy to all soy married friends. I thine it 's excellent, and should I be in diffieulti again myself. ehouldat once apply to you. —From Mrs Garricle: •• I have nine b pbasure in @aiding you news of having relief the first mop( ng, for which I ana very thankful indeed I shall always fee., grateful for your Mixture, and if I rseed anything again I will send to you." Address: Mum. DAillellAU, Milton Cottage, Forest Rill. London

:4

===== 0002601_18980225_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH'S TASTELESS

_ DANDELION AN CICILIOUS PILLS.

la lid. and 2a. 93 per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps Wen Iny are a proved substitute for calomel. ,re !suited for either eex 2mmayye at time. They clear the liver, etomash heod and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking. end are the most valuable at change of /Vs. or per obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mar. curtail, hence no fear of cold. node only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 210, Werth-ros..t. London. FROPRISTOR OF FOWLIIR'S CRIABRATED CORN.. - BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN. PLASTIIR, le. 10. per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however ba,el the SMITH'S DIVALIJABLR PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZANGRS, SANIN PRIORS. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

EicvELorEs

2s. PE R 1,000

-JOHN WALKER AND Co.,

• XAINEB " CFFICR, " EXAMINER: STEAM PRINTING WORKs.

BRWSRY STRUT WARRINGTON, pAINSTA 1I:1 N G PRINTERS are now-a, days sought for by business men who study res production of Reports, Balance Sheets economy in announvments which they wish the public to notice ; as welt as by Yriendly Societies. MinicKl Union . Pastore, and Choir Trade Unions. Trading Associations and Companies. IL th resrubylfor neatly and tastmully Arranged Condu7.wa r ,Roa„A.Ks. BOOKS OF WOtiDS. vaNDOW BILLS. PLACARDS, &az SXAMIN OFF CM,WARRINQTOL

U

===== 0002601_18980225_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
„ „ Alimsom-........••••••=m011111r--

MPfPI

===== 0002601_18980225_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPPER

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

I

I

ITH TEARS IN HER EYES. —She was thrown on

world. "Merciful Heaven ! " she gasped. ,Aonsiderable turf was knocked off the world where he struck it. Before anybody could reach her she had risen and was swiftly leading her bicycle away. ONE EXPERIENCE SUFFICIENT.—Mrs. NeWed. : "Darling, if I should die would you get another wife ? " Ne wed : "No?' Mrs. Newed : "Do you Mean it ? " Newed : "I swear it!" Mrs. Newed : "Oh, you darling! Why wouldn't you ? " liewed : "Because I know when I've had enough." A FRIENDLY TlP.—Smither "Know any especi- ally good places to fish, old man ?" Binktums : "Well, no ; but I will give you my experience. I have always caught the most fish where there have been signs concpicuously placed which, strange to say, most broadly proclaimed that there should be no fishing there." . .

HIS DREAM REALISED.-It was the first time that the Chicago bride had ever been separated from her husband. Her heart, naturally given to inrebodings, beat strong in her breast as the tele- eaph boy slowly approached with stolid indiffer- ence. She took the envelope with a trembling hand and was soon secluded within the privacy of her lonely room. "Can it be that he is sick, or eqn he be dead?" she murmured, with a tearful tremor in her choking voice. One mighty effort and the envelope is broken, while through her blinding tears she reads: "Pork gone skywards. We can now move to Gotham. Hubby."

Wl-LLING 10 WORK. —He was an unkempt.

looking fellow, and he stopped at the suburlian 1 gist den c e and asked for employment. The lady of 1.,,he house was herself superintending the trans- : planting of some plants. The door of the green- Imam was open. "Are you a gardener?" asked 40 woman. " Aint't had much experience." Oan you plant these bushes?" "I'd hate to izi,ik spoilin' em, ma'am." "Then what can you 4ó?" "Well, ma'am, if you'll give me one o' ' 'your husband's cigars," he replied, meditatively, 'l'll sit in the greenhouse an' smoke out the . ,ittsects that's eatin' up the leaves o' them rose- ' 'lushes." !. As AVERTED TRAGEDY. The parlour lamp, ' which did duty for the same young man seven nights in the week, had struck and was slowly 'going out. The red glow grew fainter and fainter, and as the shadows merged one by one into the gloom, an eerie feelinc, crept into the young maid's soul. "George," she asked, in tones treat- NI long through suppressed agitation, "whit would /on do, if you were strapped hand and foot in a 'chair, while a candle, stuck in the top of a keg of ;gunpowder' a foot from your head, burned slowly ;down?" And George, who had been gazing expectantly at the lamp, answered: "I would ;blow it out. She shivered. ; Succgss AT LAST.—Tackleton : "Someone gave ;me a bad coin yesterday, and I didn't know what ito do with it." 'Von Blumer : "Couldn't you pass lit ?" Tackleton : "Not for a long time. The first 'man I tried it on was a ticket clerk, and he refused (it with scorn." Von Blamer: "Why didn't you try it on a druggiA ? Their profits are CO great ;they're likely to be careless in money matters.' ITackleton : "Oh, I did; but it wasn't any use. iThen I tried to buy a newspaper with it, but the .boy wouldn't have it. I went in to buy a drink, ;but that wouldn't do. I was almost discouraged, .old man." Von Blamer: "I should. say you might ;have been. But you finally passed it, didn't ' you?" Tackleton (proudly) : "Oh, yes!" yen Bliuner : "On whom?" , Tackletou : "On a ;friend of mine." How To MANAGE A DM:TM:ITEM —Firtit—Yol.l. .can't do it; the man who can must be more than ,mortal. Second—Give her her own way; it ~,:ill :save her the trouble of taking it. Third—Pay or her dresses if yottcan afford it. Her dressmaker .will sue ityou don't. Fourth—lf she takes a fancy . ,to any man ,you; doz'y wdnt 4er to marry; tell her ymir heart is set on Wer,inarrying him, and sweat she shall marry no 'other. You can then give her .a free hand, and she wouldn't have him if he was ,the only man left. Fifth—lf there is any man you want her to marry, kick him ont of your house, forbid the servants to admit him, distribute man- traps and spring guns and bulldogs all around your ,grounds, lock her in her room, and vow if she marries him you won't leave her a penny. You :will not have to wait long after that for the enlope- ment. Sixth—lf she has no voice, encourage her to sing whenever you give a party, It will attract attention to her, and give your guests an excuse for complimenting her. Never mind the neigh- :boars. Seventh—lf you are a poor man, teach , your daughter how to dance and play the piano. She can learn cooking and dressmaking and those 'things after she is married. IT was Lord Norbury who r 5:.•,.:,.; witticisms ever made from the bench at the expense of the prisoner. It was at the time when punished by hanging. He was Ben- fteonbebm.ergy wastodeath a thief who had stolen a watch. "You made a grasp at time, my lad, but you " clutched eternity. , IN TIIE FAMILY. —Young man (enthusiastically, to Mr. lienpeckt) : "Your daughter, air, has taken my heart by storm!" Mr. Henpeekt (sadly) : "1 daresay, young man; it runs in the family. Her mother takes me by storm every time I come home I" DAUGHTER— (g Mr. Nicefello wants me to play duets with him." Father—" Well?" Daughter— " Have you any objeeton ?" Father—" Of course not. It will please me to death." Daughter— " Will it,"rea.lly ?" Father—" Yes, indeed. I've just been aching for a chance to get even with those neighbours next door.

To IVoTrEns.—Mrs. Wilmslow's Soothing SyrUp bne been sed 0,..r fit ty years by inhliong of mothers for their ehil- rest a hi' e teething with perfect success. It will relieve the door turiersr insmedis.tely. It is pleasant to taste ; it pro- uces untural ouiet. Steeu by relieving the child from pain "tilnd the tittle cherub swakee .• as bright as a button." Of ell aberniits Is lid. per Ixdtle.—.Advt.

BOVRIL imparts the delicious flavour 01

RESH MEAT to even the most tasteless dish and should always be used for Flavouring and Enriching Soups, Gravies, Hashes, and Made Dishes.

BOVRIL

-- FOR - INVALIDS

Convalescents.

BOVRIL

FOR LUNCH

Mr. Burns breaking completely away from it, that the one abused the other in most unmeasured terms on every possible oppertunity,and that no approach to reconcilement has ever been attempted. But it Mr. Burns has broken away from the Socialists, h ehas not broken away from Socialism. His address as a candidate for a seat on he London County Council has come into my hands, and the most extreme member of the Social Democratic Federation could not draw up a more thoroughgoing code of Social- istic doctrine and aims. He would municipalise the gas, the water,the markets,the docks,the steamboat services on the river,the omnibus services,and elec- tric lighting,and to this list he would probably add others in time. Against Lord Salisbury's idea of reducing the Council to a drainage board, he puts forward a scheme for greatly enlarging its powers, and importance,under which he would make it the organ of complete local government, having the powers of the Scnool Board,the Asylums Board,and the Thames Conservancy Board transferred to it.

The principal electric lighting companies who carry on their operations inLondon are issuing very Ratisfactory reports, and declaring dividends that will prove gratifying to their shareholders. One company,which paid 7 per cent a year ago,has now declared 10,and gives an extremely encouraging ac- count of itself. Another !as earned 7 per cent, but only declared a dividend of 4, as it sets aside the remainder to a depreciation fund. Another declared 4 per cent last year, and now declares 6 per cent, and looks for larger dividends next year.

THE LADY AND TTIE DONKEY CART.

A neaten figure in the little Hertfordshire village of Redbourne, is Mrs. Ann Markham, who drives about in her little donkey cart, as comfortable and happy-looking an old lady as you could wish to see. She resides in her well-appointed house, North Vac., Redbourne, and told a pleasant life story to the repre- sentative of the " Herta Advertiser." "In the first place, she said, "I must tell you my a —sixty-seven years. I suffered from sciatica for twelve months, and could n t get down to the door witheut stick. Doctors told me I should have to lie in bed con- tinually. I could not put my boots on, and suffered very great pain: if I had to do any work I had to put my leg on a stool. Sometimes my leg would give way and let me down,and I had a terrible job to get up and down. stairs.As I bad been a healthy woman I felt this confine- ment to the house very much, though my husband bought me a donkey and cart so that I could get out a little. One day I received through the pest a book telling of the remarkable cures effected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People,and read it:through.l resolved to try the pills, and did so, with the result that after taking 'four boxes I was able to walk about once more free from pain. Now I can walk a couple of miles, for I went to the school treat yesterday and felt no worse for the exertion. I feel confident it was the pills that cured me, and I've taken no other medicine since I took them." At this moment, the neat little donkey and convey- ance came in sight. "Of course," said Mrs. Markham, "I shall keen the donkey and cart, and enjoy occasional should now lam ne use well, but all li ow Ishad2,not seen that book I The book which Mrs. Markham received is one of the many ways in which the usefulness of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills is made known to the public; but the news of their great cures is constantly being reported in the papers. They are famous among the highest and the lowest in the land for the cure of, anemia, palpitation of the heart, indigestion, genera' muscular weakness, rheumatism, sciatica, chronic ery- sipelas, and to restore pale and galley complexions to thf' glow of heal!h. They are also a splendid nerve and spinal tonic,and thus have cured many cases of paraly- sis, loeornotor ataxy, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache. They are now obtainable of all chemists, and from Dr. Williams' Medicine Cornpany,4B, Holborn-viaduct,London,at 2e 9 a box,or six for 13a 9d; but are genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Pink pills sold loose or from glass d jars cannot be Dr. Williams'. and won't cure you : sub- stitutes never cured anyone !

• , - ,:. ; --. ~,,,i, ''' '' : :- F ( ~...' s, ..''' " ' i IL_ ,r414.,.1,,,-.. ', :i.f.,, ;'.. . -: A t.i.....,-,„ t and sA.. tnd Enriu. • . ._ . . ~ _ %\L --as-4 •,•,„:,,..,, eri"lvl ;..,j) t,_ , ... ...i'-`,"'-'..,_•• -'; 7, •'-',- - _ ...„,... . . ..... .. ~ : 5,,,,.,,, , ,r' -.'t ", •,,' fi", /1 Zi. , , ,0 41 ~. /• .4 . _ ..... • . ... , ... . ~ ..., .. s ' • ' ' \ -7 Apr' ' ' f; It '\ ' -• •-.:. ~-_,_,_„,,,,_, . ~....11._,, _...., • ( ......- ......'- (_ ..7,--- 4 -.....17. in,. ------, '11emem...,,,.,,,,,... , ...,..4446„.... •••••••,.. ,1- */ ' ' i '. \ ~., , \ ........ ' . ' •• . • '..,„ ----'-`:''. '''''-- '.7-..7-'-:-7--:' ' ' . '' ' ' - ''- ,'"-------- \ 7 . , . . _ , 0 „ V . • ..- , , fi ,\„ • - - N "--- .'' :'• '," ~:`....'....i4;i.,,,-.--k.-4.4.,..._ ~. `A-rrl-''..•r3'''', • ... , •.,-) Li \lt ,- ---- e- ....,k •' / .: . x- ,;.-a:::. . r• , -,•,.. "-' f _-----. , - '....,„ , 0 ._..Alf - - '-: / \ - ."-.. I ....• 'Oir . .-, • :_-_-. , it *-• • -- 'si -:'-4-ii 1 -.-"7- ea> • 04 - • ___--- ; t

===== 0002601_18980225_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
"

Lord and Lady Battersea have placed on the lintels on their doors and along their railings, just opposite the Marble-arch, boards containing the broadsheets of the Progressive candidates for the district. Electors are invited to vote for Sir Alger- non West and for the Hon. John Wallop; and the humor of the passing 'bus-drivers very naturally exhausts itselt on the name of the sEcond of these candidates. This,when printed on the voting papers as " Wallop,the Hon Jotan," assumes an order which rejoices the enemy, to whom a little guileless pleasure need not be grudged.

It is said that the legal expenses in the Gros- venor lictel case ran to about £OOO a day. As the hearing occupied nine days that would give a sum of £5,400. Having regard to the expenses cif the case before it came into court the whole outlay can hardly have been less tham £lO,OOO.

Madame Patti is to be added to the list of those who have had che uncanny experience of reading their own obituary notices. The papers by Mon- day's Australian mail contain full accounts of her life and professional career. The cable message announcing the death of her husband, M. Nicolini, was misread.

Although the feeling is spreading amongst the Chartered Company's shareholders in favour of put- ting Messrs. Rhodes and Beit on the boards I learn ou good authority that he latter is opposed to his name being brought forward. He does not consider it prudent, either in the interests of the Chartered Company itself or of the gold companies in the Transvaal. It would undoubtedly create alarm and agitation among the Boers, and is at present alto- gether too strong a draught to give President Kruger to swallow. Therefore that part of the pro- posal will probably be dropped, and if there were any disinclination to do so a plain hint from Mr. Chamberlain would pat an end to the idea for the present. To Nigeria and the Nile we need not add a retie v. al of a third trouble in the Transvaal.

The comparatively humble abode of the late Lord Randolph Churchill is placarded with the an- nouncement that it is for sale. "This fine medium sized resklence," as it is discribed, is a curiosity in its way. The fact that a house of dimensions so bumble—it has only one widish window to its en- tire breadth on each of its four storeys—should have been the residence for years of a man who was England's largest financier—as Chancellor of the Exchequer—gives eloquent testimony to the purity of English politicians whose knowledge, used un- scrupulously, or for selfish ends, could make them the easy masters of big fortunes.

The recent death of Sir Henry Havelock-Allan relieved the pension list of a charge of .£l,OOO per annum, which the gallant officer had enjoyed in consideration of the services of his father in the Indian Mutiny ; and now the death of Lord Com- bermere involves the disappearance of another an- puity of ..£2,000 a year conferred by Parliament on the first Viscount and his two successors in the title in respect of his services in the Peninsular War. When in 1885 Parliament decided to reward Lord Wolseley and the late Lord Alcester with lump i sums instead of annual allowances, it practically pronounced against the granting of any further hereditary pensions for naval and military services; but the following, granted in past times, are still payable—viz.,.£72o (.£1,460 of the original allowance having been commut4) to the heirs of the Duke of Scbomberg in perpetuity • ..£2,000 to Lord Rodney and his successors; £5,000 to Earl Nelson and to all u e ; to whom the title shall descend: X 4,000 to the Duke of Wellington,terminable with the life of the present Dk DP® to Viscount Hardinge ; and .£2,000 each te Lord Seaton, Lord Keane, Viscount Gough, Lord Raglan, and Lord Napier of Magdala, all ter- minable with the lives of the existing annuitants.

Opinion among the Ministerialists has crystalisad into the conviction that nothing more will be done °wards a settlement of the Roman Catholic Uni- versity clucmtion during the lifetime of the present Parliament. This amounts to a determination on the aart of the Unionists to bequeath it to their succes- Yore. But the Liberals will no more touch it than the Unionists. They would be less able to carry it than the present Government, with its powerful majority. If the 'Unionists came back to power once more, with a sufficiently strong majority, the gradual transformation of opinion in their ranks would allow of their carrying it ; otherwise, bow- ever, the Nationalist members will have to trust to their securing Home Rule first, and then setting up a university for themselves.

A new, or to speak more strictly a novel, honour was conferred upon Mr. Thomas Bowles in the course of debate on Monday night in the House of Commons. Hitherto the representative of King's Lynn ba-, been alternately known as "The Cap'n." Thlsev.- runw, Mr. Wt-tugh scored a literary success by referrin,.: to the bun. gentleman as "A member Enet, Lynn."

The moment is disagreeably opportune for the appearance cf the Array estimates. They provide for a total increase in men of nearly 22,000 and in expenditure of £1.223,000. While provision is made for augmentinyz the Regular Army to this con.: sidersble extent, Volunteers will observe with some dissatisfaction that the vote asked on behalf of their branch of the service is reduced by £l3 000. The explanation given is that the number of effici- ents is smaller than last year. At a time, however, when the expedincy of conscription is being gravely discussed in responsible quarters,this reduc- tion in the grant to the most economical branch of our military system will inevitably provoke criti clam and complaint.

It may be remembered *bat Mr. John Burns in- attired the dire disolea3ure of the Socialist pnrtyia London eome years ago,that the quarrelended with

===== 0002601_18980225_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLA.RB T3D MR. :HERBERT

GLA.DSTONE M.P. At the annual session of the Sorith-east Lancashire District Lodge of Good Templar', held in Manchester on Saturday, the following resolution was unanimously adopted, and it was ordered that a copy should be sent to all members of Parliament representing constituencies weiotphlie. n the Di trict Lodge area That, believing nothing is more needed than a full and free discusssion of the local veto proposals of the late Government to en sure for them general acceptance by all thoughtfu p - as a simple, constitutional, and practical measur, of local self-government in relation to the liquor traffic this District Lodge is of opinion that Mr. Herber Gladstone has—it may be unwittingly—rendered th veto movement great service by bringing it into pro minence and thus securing for it a wide and more com• plete examination than otherwise would have been abtainad. At the same time, in relation to his advising the party of which he is a member to drop the veto, we emphatically declare that no political party or candidate for Parliamentary honours not prepared to bestow upon the inhabitants of localities a direct vote enabling them to secure protection from the evils resulting upon the Common sale of intoxicating drinks can have Oood Templar support, but will be opposed by all just means in their power."

EPPS'S COCOZi..-11naTRFUL AND COMFORTING thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern he operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful application of the fine properties of well-selected 0000A,Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper a delicately flavoured beverage wblch may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious lase of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist ovary tendency to disease. We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame."—" Civil Service Gazette."—Made simply with boiling water or milk.—Sold only In packets and pound tins, by Grocers, labelled— " J'amns EPPS it Co.. Itd., Homeopathic Chemlsts,London." —Also makers of lipps's Coconino or Cocoa-Nib Extract : thin beverage of full flavour, now with many beneficially taking the place of tea. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly excitin the system.- VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOll THE HAL—If your hair Is turning grey or white or falling off use the DlEzwaN ILsza RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Proe 35. 6d. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGA lI'S PATENT SELF—RAISING FLOUR. BiA ES THE BEST PASTES,

r t

===== 0002601_18980225_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
BOY

L..

BOVRIL IN THE KITCHEN.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
P 11HE FXAMINE RI FRI DAN, .F ERR T.-TA.''Y 25, 18 ')...

(Copyright.)

THE WHEEL OF FATE.

Br MRS. BAGOT Author of "Love's Revenge," '"Bianea," " The Silver Lining," Sco., Sce.

CHAPTER VIII.

Nearly a fortnight had passed uneventfully at Les Avants, judging, at least, by et Irnal appearances. Mrs. Hughes had exercised a vigilant espionage over the Trehernes, even to the extent of taking up her position, knitting in hand, close to Gwendoline whenever she sketched near the hotel. Constance was surprised and amused to notice how patiently her sister tolerated the clicking of those knitting-needles. With a woman's quickness for unravelling love affairs, Mrs. Hughes had discovered that her nephew was dangerously fascinated by Gwendoline's attractions. In her opinion this was a very alarming condition of things—one that demanded diplomatic treatment. She had remonstrated in cautious terms with Dennis on many occasions, but always with the same want of success that had characterised her first interview on the subject. At last she realised that expostulations were vain; so she forthwith decided to seize every possible opportunity for exercising a vigorous chaperonage, so far as Gwendoline was concerned.

Under these circumstances Mrs. Hughes's normally cheerful countenance was gradually assuming a careworn expression; especially as she noticed that the rapprochement between Gwendolino and Dennis was daily growing stronger, notwith- standing her continuous efforts to check it. "Did I not tell you, William, that you had done foolishly by accepting the guardianship of those two girls, and that it would destroy our peace here? " she said one afternoon, when the Trehernes had gone for a walk with Dennis and Eric, with- out leaving any trace behind them of the direction they had taken. "Yes, my dear; you certainly did make aa observation of that description," mildly replied hes husband. "But I do not see how I could have acted differently in the matter; and, all things considered, I do not think that emy harm will arise from it. I like both the Trehernes ; and I fail to see the least impropriety in their behaviour. It is only natural that they should be friendly with Dennis and Hume, as they have known them for some time. As for their having gone for a walk together this afternoon, I should be very sorry to believe they were unworthy of being trusted to do so."

"Of course they can be trusted!" interposed Mrs. Hughes decidedly. "But I am so very much afraid ,that one day, when I am not present, Dennis will propose to Miss Treherne." "If he wishes to propose to her, nothing that you or I can do will prevent him." "But with his risinr, prospects at the Bar he could do so much better. if could marry Lucy Floxham, a sweet, domesticated character—a girl I could love."

Mr. Hughes smiled. He was accustomed to hear his wife dwell upon Lucy Floxham's perfections. Then, with a view to smoothing matters, he said quietly: .... _

"I 'am quite sure, my dear, that you will love the woman Dennis chooses for his wife, provided she is respectable and a lady." "I cannot quite promise that; but the boy is as dear to me as if he were my own son. Poor Phyllis! I shall never forget her asking me, as she was dying, to look after him. Eighteen years of age was young for the lad to be left an orphan and thrown on his own resources. That is why I am so anxious he should marry a sensible person. Have you noticed how frivolously he laughs when Miss Treherne ie near? In her society he seems to give himself up entirely to enjoyment. Did you not observe their behaviour at the picnic yesterday? " "I only noticed that they seemed very happy together. You seem to forget, Maria, that God Almighty's lambs must play. A time comes—only too soon—when merriment is comparatively diffi- cult."

"A little cheerfulness is a good thing, I daresaY," was the doubtfully spoken rejoinder. "However, Mr. Treherne will soon be here now, and he will relieve us from all responsibties. I must say I can't understand your reason for object- ing to his daughters so much." Mrs. Hughes drew herself up indignantly, preparatory to unburdening her mind further on the subject, but a tap at the door came as an opportune diversion. "For Dennis!" she exclaimed, taking a telegram from the garcon,. "I wonder who it is from," she added, with growing alarm, and examining the envelope in a manner that clearly indicated she was most anxious to know what news it contained. "I hope nothing is amiss at home," rejoined her husband thoughtfully. "What do you think we had better do? Shall we open it? How tiresome it is that Dennis is out!" _

"We must certainly not open it, my dear." "Then we'll go and wait—oh I but here they all come, I think. Those must be the Trehernes, in their white flannel dresses." "Yes, those are the Trehernes," said Mr. Hughes, looking through his orra-glasses, "and Dennis and Hume are with them. "We'll go and meet them, William. I'm so very anxious to hear what this telegram is about." Baying this she hastily donned her hat, and left the hotel a moment after, closely followed by her husband _ . .

Dennis received the telegram with a complacent smile, and put it in his pocket unopened. "Oh, my dear boy! surely you are going to open it! " expostulated his aunt in surprise. "Your uncle and I hurried out to meet you, so that you should have it without a moment's loss of time." "Thanks, awfully. But I'm so accustomed to getting telegrams that I don't think any more of receiving one than a letter," he answered, smiling. "But you always hear of sudden deaths and those kind of things by telegram. Do open it at once, dear," expostulated Mrs. Hughes. "Very well, aunt, I'll relieve your anxiety," he answered, dropping behind the others and opening it in a leisui ely manner. His eyes had scarcely fallen on the first words when he pulled himself up to a sudden standstill, and concentrated his atten- tion on the contents. Eric glanced back, and a shade of surprise crossed his face. Mrs. Hughes also glanced round. Her curiosity to know the contents of that tele- gram was greatly augmented by seeing her nephew thrust it in his pocket, with a gesture of annoyance. "William, go back and ask Dennis what news that telegram contains? " she said in a low voice to her husband.

"No. I tla it would be better not to do so, was the reply. Eric knew instinctively that his friend had received unwelcome news, and he at once decided that the kindest thing to do under the circum- stances was to set the example of walking on at a brisk pace, thus leaving him time to digest the news quietly. Mrs. Hughes's conduct on the occasion forcibly reminded him of Lot's wife. She seemed wholly incapable of keeping from looking round every minute. Her husband, however, kept steadily 0/2 his way, and in a short time th6y all entered the hotel, save Dennis. It was fully an hour later when he walked slowly through the hall, looking pale and haggard. Constance happened to come out of the reading- room at that moment, and he turned abruptly towards her and said:

"I am sorry I must say good-bye now. I have just received news that compels me to return at once to London." "I am very sorry that your holiday has been cut short," she answered feelingly. "Thanks—so am I." He spoke in a hard, bitter voice.

"Perhaps you may be able to return here." "Perhaps so. But the chances of my being able to do so are very small." He looked at her in a nervous, hesitating manner; and it was difficult to know what answer to make. After a short pause he added: "I —I should like to say good-bye to your sister." "You will find her sketching near the chalet on the road to Montreux," was the reply. "Thank you." With these words be left her. Constance watched him walking quickly down the road with feelings of curiosity and surprise. Once at the chalet he quitted the high road and entered a path through the woods, which led to one of Gwendoline's favourite nooks-for sketching. He strode on with long, decided strides, and his face bore the expression of a man to whom a cruel task has fallen. Gwendoline saw him approaching, and looked up with a smile. "Have you come to sharpen my pencils again she asked.

lie shooa his head. "I have Come on a very difflrent mission, unfortunately." Then she noticed that he' looked pale and down- cast.

"What has happened? " she asked, a fear of coming sorrow darting across her mind. "I have been suddenly recalled to England. At least, something has occurred that makes it neces- sary for me to return home. I have come to say good-bye to you; lam heartily sorry to leave." He spoke with forced composure. "I am very sorry too; it will spoil your holi- days," she answered sympathetically. "I only hope it will not ruin my life," he said impetuously. "I am afraid you are inclined to take a very dismal view of matters. Surely nothing so very terrible has happened? " "A matter has cropped up again that I hoped was forgotten and buried; and it is probable that I shall now have to face the consequences of a hasty, mad act of my youth. Just after I came of age I was drawn into taking a step that I have regretted ever since. But I don't, know what right I have to bore you with my troubles." "You have every right," she murmured in a low voice, as the colour rose to her cheeks. She realised that this was one of the moments of her life fraught with far-stretching consequences. A moment to be remembered—perhaps regretted— in the long years to come. "Cannot you tell me about the trouble? " she asked, looking up sympathetically into his grave, sad face.

"Are you sure you would like to hear? " she answered in a low voice. "Yes." "Perhaps, when you know all, you will say that I had no right to tell you." "Then I shall blame myself—not you." It was bravely said.

"Are you alWays willing to face the consequences of your acts ? " "Yes; nothing can be gained by shirking them, probably a great deal lost. Only cowards shirk the consequences of their actions." "Then in your eyes I must for ever remain a coward." He spoke almost fiercely. "For instead of fac;ng my position and overcoming difficulties that arose in consequence of that foolish action, which I mentioned just now, I have allowed matters to drift on. I could have settled every- thing two years ago by paying somewhat heavily for my folly. But I hated having to discuss terms with a man that I despised; and who gloried in the power he had gained over me, never missing an opportunity for referring to the past, in a way that maddened me."

------ - "How had he gained such power over you? " she asked. _

"He had two daughters. They were both pretty, and I was mad enough to imagine I-- He broke off abruptly, then added, in a low voice: "I became engaged to the younger one." "When was the engagement broken off? "It has never been really broken off." There was no answer. Gwendoline pressed her lips together. She was very pale now. "You will despise me for concealing all this from my—my friends, he said. "It would have been more honourable to let it be known." She spoke slowly and with an effort. "Yes. I see now that it would. I regret my silence. Some months ago I made every effort to find out where the man, Captain Tewser, was hying, but could not discover any trace of his whereabouts. It was useless my attempting to treat with the daughter, even if I could have traced her. It is not in her nature to take upon herself any respon- sibilities. During the time that I was trying to trace the Tewsers I discovered that the ring which I gave Grace Tewser had been sold to the jeweller from whom I bad bought it. I was also told that she had gone abroad with a sister of hers, who had married a wealthy American. Under these circum- stances I considered myself morally free; especially as we had had no intercourse for two years. To-day Captain Tewser has telegraphed to me, saying my presence is urgently required owing to severe ill- ness.' Now that you have heard all, of course you think I have acted badly." Though he spoke in a voice of conviction, it was evident he hoped she would contradict him.

"You have been a victim to circumstances," she answered hoarsely. "And my own folly," he added bitterly. "Young men are often foolish," she said, trying to smile. "You can undo the past only by acting with scrupulous honour in the future." "Yes. I'm not the only fellow who has wrecked his life," he answered.

"Why do you speak of it aa wrecked? Can you not— She checked herself, realising instinctively that it was not seemly she should advise him in such a matter. "You must not forget that a promise is morally binding," she added; "not a thing to be lightly shirked." Neither spoke for a few minutes; then Dennis extended his hand and said in a calm, resolute, yet broken-hearted voice "Good-bye." "Good-bye," she echoed, taking his band. Com- manding herself with a fierce effort, she added: "In whatever way matters may end, I trust all will be for your happiness." "Thank you." He uttered the words with difficulty, then turned and left her.

As she watched him gradually disappear from her view, sorrow was born in her heart. That most terrible of all sorrows—the sorrow which must be screened from others.

CHAPTER IX. "Grace! Grace!" Captain Tewser spoke in a weak, querulous voice. "I'm coming, father," answered a tall, slight, fair girl, entering hastily from the adjoining room. "Why don't you always come at once ? " "I came as quickly as I could;" she answered gently. "What can I give you? " "Something to drink—quickly." She poured out some milk hurriedly, and then, tenderly raising his head, held it to his lips. "Thanks," he murmured. "Let me raise your pillow," she said, drawing it carefully on one side. "That is better," he said in a voice of relief. "I shall not be here to trouble you much longer, Grace. I've been a long time dying. It hasn't been my fault that it has taken so long. It's been--" Here a severe attack of coughing brought the sentence to an abrupt termination. Immediately Grace raised him in her aims. "Oh, father, I am so grieved! " she exclaimed in a voice full of sympathy. "Don't, pray, imagine for an instant that I mind the trouble of nursing you. It pains me so much to hear you talk like that. Have I ever complained? " "No—no. But it's awful to suffer like_thy,". he

gasped; then he added, almost to himself: "It's a c•miserable ending to a miserable life. I'll do my ' duty to you, Grace, before I die. I will—l will! Ethel has a rich husband and a beautiful home. You shall not be left homeless and poor. Vane isn't a rich man, but he'll stand between you and poverty—thank God l " Suddenly the girl's cheeks became scarlet. "You sent off that telegram to him? " he asked sharey. es.” "And that letter warning me that he was flirting with that Miss Treherne—where is it ?" _ _

"I have destroyed it, as you told me to do." "That's right. He'll be certain to come. He always came quickly in response to my telegrams." "But, father, do you really feel quite well enough to see him, and to be troubled with—with talking ? " she asked gently. "Don't you think it would be best to let matters rest as they are? " "No I " he said emphatically. She knelt down by his side and took his thin, wan hand in hers gently and caressingly. Neither spoke for a few minutes; then Grace broke the silence, speaking with greater decision than her father had ever heard her speak before. "Dennis has long ago ceased to care for me," she said. "I have known it for a long time. Do not take it to heart, father. I can work and support myself. I cannot marry him now that he does not care for me. It would be so wrong, and—" "Don't worry me, child, by talking nonsense ! " he said, interrupting her and turning away. "You know I hate sentiment. Go back to your room and rest. I shan't disturb you again. It won't do for you to look white and jaded when he arrives. It will only mako matters more difficult to arrange." "I don't feel tired now, father. I would rather stay with you." "No—no! Do as I tell you." She rose reluctantly, and turned to leave him. _ . _

, "I want to be left alone," he said, peevishly and in a weak voice; for the effort to speak was gradu- ally growing greater. At the door Grace looked round and glanced furtively at him. Never until this minute had she realised how entirely he, her father, had constituted her world; except for that brief, joyful period when Dennis heAt been an inmate of their home.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
s'nat aevotion which goes hand in hand with respecimind admiration she had never given her father‘dit had Ten filial love of a slaw 444, all- submisive typellr Mann MEM • Noiselessly she entered her room; Alt hrow- ing herself on her bed, lay gazing before her mechanically, with non-observant, weary eyes. The small, ill-kept room did not strike her as un- comfortable. She had grown accustomed to tM cobwebs in the corners and the grimy finger-markB on the walls. A short blind, torn and dirty, was fastened across the window. A solitary flower-pot stood on the window-sill, but the plant had withered and died for lack of watering. Of furniture there was little, and that little was badly placed and neglected. Amidst her sordid surroundings the girl's aristo- cratic beauty stood out in striking relief; and there was a pathetic sweetness in her fair face. But strength to bravely assume responsibilities and to act firmly had no part in her character; of this she was painfully aware. There had been moments when in dire distress of mind she had made an effort to assert her own opinion; but it had invari- ably ended by her giving in an succumbing still more to the will of others.

She loved Dennis Vane deeply, intensely, with all the strength of a clinging nature. In her eyes he was perfection—good, noble and handsome. It was not surprising to her that he had sought to withdraw himself from his engagement to a girl, whose lot had been overshadowed by misery and poverty almost from the moment of her birth. Happiness and pleasure, such as come to most of us, had been denied her. She had known no bright, merry schooldays, no moments when care for the future did not haunt her. Her sole com- panion had been her sister Ethel, whose beauty had attracted numerous lovers, from amongst whom she had carefully selected the most wealthy as her spouse. Side by side the sisters had struggled wearily through their girlhood; sharing their sorrows, their food, and their clothes, and all else that Fate threw in their way. Hunger and poverty had played a cruel part in the daily lives of these two girls. Ethel, it had reduced to a cunning, unscrupulous woman; Grace to a sad-hearted girl. ,Alas ! poverty makes this beautiful world of ours a bard place to live in! But if Grace had known that Dennis loved her deeply and truly, she would have laughed at her present poverty and thought it a small matter. She could have faced the intervening time of trouble, before she became his wife, as blithely as a bird. "But he cannbt love me—he cannot! " she cried in bitterness of spirit. "The last time we met he spoke kindly—but that is long ago, more than two years. Oh, I hope he will not come—yet God only knows how deeply I love him still! If he comes he will say no ' to father. Then they will quarrel—over me ! It will be awful! I almost wish I could die." he buried her face in her pillow and sobbed.

As Grace Tewser was thus suffering tortures of mental anguish, Dennis was hurriedly preparing to leave Les Avants. To say be was packing would be deviating from the truth, for his manner of taking his belongings, one by one from Eric, and thrusting them into his gladstone could not rank as packing. "It's a deuced bore your having to start off post- haste like this!" said the latter, as he offered him some collars.

"It is," answered Dennis emphatically. "Oh, chuck those in anywhere " he added, glancing away from the collars, and proceeding to try to force some shoes into a bag. "Strikes me you're nothing of a packer," soliloquised Eric. _ _

"What do you think of doing with yourself now? Staying here ? " asked Dennis, not deigning to notice his friend's last remark.

"Yes. I shall remain here—at least, for the present." "Oh! " There was a volume of inferences con- veyed in that monosyllable. "I wish I could have stayed too," Dennis added, making vigorous efforts to close his gladstone. "I say, hold hard! There's a lot more things to go in ! " exclaimed Eric. "Then you can put them in yourself! " replied Dennis magnanimously, turning to consult "Brad- shaw." _

"Oh can I? Thanks, awfully! As it's a level impossibility, I'm not going to try! " Eric laughed ; then continued, speaking in a more serious tone: "I say, old man, why don't you make a clean sweep of it, and tell me what's up, and why you're hurrying back to England? You know what a close fellow I am."

"There's a long story hanging to it, which I can't bore you with." "It isn't about a woman, is it ? " "Yes ; the whole thing centres round a woman." "Oh " ejaculated the other expressively. "Chuck her overboard—theoretically, I mean." . . . - .

"You didn't imagine I should think you meant practically? " was the grimly spoken reply. "But that kind of thing isn't always possible." "I suppose it isn't, if you're deeply implicated. Are you ? " "Yes, on the whole. But there's nothing to be gained by talking of it." For a few minutes neither made any observation; then Dennis said: _ .

"I say, Hume, don't take into your head that there's anything discreditable in the affair. The girl is food; also pretty; and that's all I'm going to say. Eric looked at his friend in a mystified manner, llond mentally criticised his haggard, pale face. After a few minutes his brows contracted.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER X.

"Of course you have heard that my nephew left for England last night? " observed Mrs. Hughes, speaking with her customary abruptness. 'Yes,, ' answered Gwendoline, without looking up from her drawing. "He left immediately after receiving that tele- grata, and without even saying good-bye to me!" With these words Mrs. Hughes sat down by Gwendoline's side and produced her knitting, which was her usual way of announcing her inten- tion of remaining some time. "I should certainly have liked to have had a chat with him before he left, and to find out why he was rushing home in such mad haste. Of course, his uncle did not ask any questions. It is not in the nature of men to interest themselves in the affairs of others. They only listen to what they are told. Now, 1 am never satisfied until I have thoroughly probed matters to the root. It is by far the wisest course. Don't you think so?" "It appears so, certainly," replied Gwendoline absently. "Of course it is! said Mrs. Hughes in an emphatic manner. "Besides, it seems so unnatural not to take an interest in the affairs of your fellow- creatures. Though Mr. Hughes goes to the Manor nearly every week, he never noticed last year that the Squire was having his drawing-room chairs re-covered. Of course, the first time I called with William I noticed it, and asked the Squire at once if he were going to be married. Imagine our astonishment when he said he was a married man already, and had been one for five years! Ile said he would like to introduce his wife to us, and he rang the bell and introduced us to his cook! I wished then I had not made any remark about the chairs. It was very awkward for us all. Pray don't think, though, that I wish to intimate that Dennis is going to marry his cook, or to do anything like that. But his manner of leaving yesterday makes me fear that there is a woman in the matter. Don's you think it looks suspicious ? " "it is difficult to tell," answered Gwendoline evasively. _

"But you, who know him so well, must feel quite as sure as 1 do that something very unexpected and very mrstexious has happened. Ire is not the man to pack up his clothes and hurry off without saying good-bye unless there was something he wished to keep a secret." Mrs. Hughes glanced furtively at Gwendoline. Was it possible, she asked herself, that this girl knew her nephew's secret? In that case it would be diplomatic not to enlarge on her own ignorance of it.

"When do you think Mr. Treherne will arrive at Les Avants ? she asked, changing the topic of conversation, much to Gwendoline's relief. "We hope he will ba here the day after to- morrow."

"I suppose you don't happen to know what Mr. Hurne's plans arc?" "No. I have no idea whatever. "I wonder where your sister is." "She has gone for a walk towards Glion with Mr. Hughes and Mr. Hume." "Indeed!"

---- • For a few minutes there was silence. Rut Mrs. Hughes was powerless to keep silent for very long. "I am sure you will excuse my mentioning the fact," she began with ominous slowness, "but it appears to me that Eric HUM) and your sister are not acting quite discreetly. You see, flirtations are vary serious matters. They so often lead to

t engagements and to marriago3. 1C is painful To see how flippantly your g peoplA of to-day r•gard marriage. You t aye no idea how cautiously Alr. Hughes and I approached it. He was always slow of speech, out of the pulpit ; and I am not a groat talker. So it is really surprising----" She broke off abruptly, and then added "But I wonder what took dear Dennis home so suddenly. I am very fond of him. He is such a thoroughly conscientious man—so reliable in every way. But I was told a Very strange thing about him by a poor parishioner of ours, a Mrs. Hicks, whose sister lives in London.

and knows a family of the name of Tewser. Mrs. Hicks said she had heard that he was engaged to one of these Tewsers—a very pretty girl, not corn. mon or low, but very, very poor. The father ii a retired military officer—a bad, cunning man, anti just the kind of man who would force Dennis th marry his daughter." "And you think it is true that they are engaged?' "So this Mrs. Hicks told rue. But Ido rzll! believe it, and I told her not to mention it to anyi. one else. I dislike gossip. Do you not? " "Yes—intensely." "I thought so. I should have placed more reliance on what Mrs. Hicks said if she, herself, 1214 been a reliable person, but the Hickses are ot reliable people. Maria Hicks was in our serYi6e for a year as cook. One day I saw her kissing the postman under the mistletoe! It placed me in s very awkward position, as Mr. Hughes, who is at times inconsistent, declined to interfere. He said that though kissing under the mistletoe is, strictly speaking, very worldly, still it is nowhere mentioned in the Bible as sinful. On those grounds he wanted me to let the matter pass. Of course, I would not do so. Oh! here he comes. Your sister and Mr. Hume are with him. Kindly never disclose to anyone what I have just told you about Dennis. It cannot be true."

Gwe-n-doli-neTr-o-Mieeii-;Ccrecy, then packed up her drawing paraphernalia and went to meet the others.

As ehe joined them Mr. Hughes was delivering a lay sermon, on the beauties of nature as seen from the mountains surrounding Les Avants. Eric Hume and Constance were apparently listening, but, truthfully speaking, their thoughts were more of each other than of snow-capped mountains and sunlit lakes.

Though the last few hours had brought crushing influences to bear on Dennis's and Gwendoline's affections, it had worked miracles in drawing Eric and Constance together. The possibility of a speedy separation was before their eyes, causing them to realise how hard it would be to part. Gwendoline scrutinised their faces intently and read their thoughts with unerrinc, exactitude. She earnestly trusted that Fate would be kinder to them than it had been to her and Dennis. With characteristic courage she had decided to shew a brave face to the world, and to appear as if no aching void existed in her own heart. Already she was throwing her entire energies into her painting, and working with that absorbing applica- tion which negatives all opportunities for brooding over troubles.

What a glorious godsend is work—all-engrossing work—when the heart is sad! With magical power it renders the darkest cloud transparent.

(To be continua:l ............410...............

===== 0002601_18980225_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ulia

To build up your health, take Hood's solidly 'r Sarsaparilla and then you will have the sure basis of pure, rich, vitalized blood. The re- sult will be good appetite and good digestion, and the proper, natural action of all the organs of the body— stomach, liver, kidneys heart, lungs and nerves. In this condition you will not be conscious that you have "or- gans," and this win be that delightful state of perfect health. Hood's Sarsa- parilla has done this for others; it will do the same for you. Be sure to get

===== 0002601_18980225_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
H 0 4.

Sarsaparilla Bold by chemists. 2s. 9d., and 4s. sd. B PO st Of C. I. good & Co. Ltd., 34, Snow Hill, London, 8.0.

tiaod,s pile cure all Liver Ills and laa' Sick Headache. is. 1301.

'IIIP CANAL.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW INDUSTRIES FOR THE PORT OF MANCHESTER.

IMPORTANT TRAFFIC DEVELOPMENTS.

We (says the "Manchester Gil., rdian ") learn that the Manchester Ship Canal Company has just completed ar- rangements for the lease to a South Wales company of about 25 acres of land at Ellesmere Port. The purchasers are to build upon it a very large lead-refining works, at a cost of about £lOO,OOO. The ore to be smelted at these works will be imported mainly from Aus- tralia, and we understand that some 100.000 tons will be refined annually. In addition there will of course be a large consumption of coal, coke, chemicals, &c., a considerable proportion of which will pass along the canal, as well as the pit-lead produced at the works. The Company which has taken the land bah it is stated, all the necessary capital in hand, and during the past month has inspected lres on the Des estuary. at Widnes, and elsewhere. The respective advantages of the different sites were very caref idly weighed, and the decision to build on the bank of the Ship Canal has been come to chic fly in consequence of the greater economy with which the truiness can be carried oia there. There can be no doom that the establishment of such an industry at Eil.smere rort will be of very great advantage to the Ship Canal. Apart from the large traffic to and from the woike tnerrTheives, he importa- tion of lead-ore ill great qua ntit 3k f AuKralia to the Ship Canal will probably result in the diversion to Manchester of oilier kinds of merchandiiie ralw im- ported throvgli London. A steamer C3IIDOG load to her full cubic c ipacity woh !eau ore, nor cm n she load to her full dead-weight capacity with light cargo such as frozen mutton and wool—thk, principal exports from the Australian colonies. But the m at profitable way in which any vessel can he loc.dert is partly w ith heavy cargo,carried at dead weight rates,and partly with light and bulky cargo carried a,. measurement tates,for by such an arrangement the greatest pesskble tonnages "weight and measurement," i stowno in her holds. It -nay,therefore, tallest lur granted that ships will not come to the canal from Australia with lead ore alone ; they will bring more valuarne cargo also,anci dirt ct trade between Menchester and the Antipodes will at 'last be put on a satisfactory footing. In this connect irin it may be remarked that the large cold-Air stores •anich are be- ing built at Mode Wheel by the Colonial Consignment and Distributing Company, Lim.ted, are apptoaching completion. It is expected that when thee are ready for use the owners will transfer to them a considerable part. of their imports. The traffic, added to that which is all ready hr Jught to Manchester by the st(amers of the Gift liee,and to the new traffic which will come ii.to exist- ence with the establishment of the !eau-smelting indua- try at Ellesmere Pert, should form a lever by which II very large share of the Australian import and export trade might be moved from the Thimes to the ship Canal. A second scheme, which, if evvied out, may lead to a very material increese in the tract° or tbd port, has for its object the establishment of the malting industry in the immediate neighbourhood of the Mancoester Docks. This proposal is, we understanO, wider serious consider. ation, and it is probable that it may take definite shays before long. These are, of course, numerous large breweries in Manchester and the surrounding district, but a still more important consid, ration in the favour- . able situation of Manchester in relation to Burton.on Trent. Cargoes of barley from the Levant and the Black Sea could, it in believed be impoi reit to Menthes., ter, malted, and sent to the breweries at Etat on more cheaply than is at present p,ssible.

.I,4yial Laundresses Otv roc.ey zsacti (ILO Is unennalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched nue°. Ito., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Gory wail, says I—" My wife will not finish our linen without your " Stateh Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-cali Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." should be need in every house. Sold at ld., 3d., and Sd., most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure Commix Blackburn, Proprietor.—Advt.

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. In . sea, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains In the bmk, Free fi Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors thror out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincol Advt.

FLORILTNE I—Fo, THE TEETH AND BREATH.--•... cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to ft'. teethe peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragralL. to the breath. Prloe 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar the Florilint " Powder," of all Cliemist3 and Perfumers. Advt.

E ii br6 be whi 'vhf

tftjl thi, nitct ter.l fro, lre6l .Bkir at -mlot !Plat 'Witr °Per ere tdg, lor,

whi, flt 7, tloti 4110 cella

the eve le at prevent p,ssio. - . so-caiiea • 14 eithet m ler4, sOr; ;610 •ThOrOillghlf • bade°

r

===== 0002601_18980225_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

My Dun NELLIE. - After the recent experiences in regard to the Weather it is well for us to be prepared for any- thing, and evidently many of the proprietors of millinery establishments are of the same opinion, for already they are showing flowers and other millinery trimming. A real novelty in headgear has a green satin bow and sprays of deeply coloured fuschias on a background of green straw, and its bows of fuschia-red velvet to give it the necessary upward tilt at the back. Another dainty affair is of green straw, with sprays of lilac arranged between a cleverly arranged drapery of mauve silk, softened wilh twists of green and mauve chiffon Which, at the beck, form a big chuu to rest on the hair.

A hat which I saw the other day was a decided novelty in the way of trimming. It was nothing else than a high and handsome comb of cut jet mounted on tortoiseshell. It makes a very dis- tinguished appearance, uprising against the black lace straw, which is all sewn with glittering Regains and veiled with filmy lace; while a circlet Of pink roses defines the limits of the fiat crown, and others cluster at the base of that comb, a high fan bow of lace being the final detail of this decidedly chic headgear.

. economical style of bodice is of satin (some deep hue like rose, pink or jonquil .yellow), entirely covered with lace. This suggests many a useful renovation. The bodice in cut should be quite plain and fitted, forming a relief to the omnipresent "pouch," which shows little sign of lessened popularity. Such a fitted bodice, with severely simple satin skirt and unlined lace sleeves, provides an evening dress of the "picture" variety, which is rightly considered the height of Rood taste, and which does not proclaim aloud in every fold its date.

; -12118 aset.requirement of the early spring season al a tsmart walking gown which will look well :n ight weather, but net be sufficiently delicate to , spoilt by a shower, or by the spots of mud I"ich are eti en :pltifully besprinkled over everyone z .in crowded thoroughfares. A neat, gown is the most suitable garment for 8 Purpose, and these are as popular as ever for log sr. A perfectly simple dress of good ,te;:Trial, well cut and finished, can be made to frohiany persons by changing the shirts and ▪ " with which it is worn, and &smart chiffon .810:, qnite sufficient to render a plain coat and 4 saitable for.unceremonious calls, especially if litYlish hat completes the toilette. ,141 t very smart walking gown is of Venetian faced •in a rieh shade of dark blue. The skirt is the .cost, which is handsomely braided . •tovith black mohair braid in a fancy scroll design, wi)e.bs over a watatcoat of scarlet faced cloth, jeltich is also braided with black. The high stand- g collar of the coat and the small revers in front • ed with black velvet, and braided round the The back of the .coat is quite flat, and it is bd with black satin, with narrow coloured lines rbling checks. Another costume, with a double-breasted coat, w01144e of drab Venentian cloth. The revers, are very novel in design' have a scalloped. Etif,• a (if brown velvet, and the cuffs are .o 0 'ie,l off in the same way. This design tioul'i also be carried out with edgings of he tit or braid in a contrasting colour, which would Aticrre serviceable for hard wear than velvet. Plei44er is made with a single-breasted coat in onila tWeed of a pretty shade of green, and the Is of velvet of a darker shade. Your loving CA RTEIro

...

JENNno.

LITTLI

IEAUtIFUL TEETH who use daily on the tooth brush a low drops of SOZODONT. plessantest dentifrice lat the world.

the teeth and spaces; them as nothing ciao _

: Sound n.nd poorly whit° teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. ior OZQDOT i(XL

w--,. - s ,s, (A 0 ) St 1444.-.4110:0 - I _. : (L. ,:...., -..- 4: ... ...z.<.,,,,./ )0 ,

i_4o'g4-; ~., , ,;„;-\\\,,,, ,\ 'i . c:Lif.''kkk.‘:\:\\\\''i)o.':' ' .\\ \ \\1,.., J 0 1:;,x5,4 , \ ,i. w,tts•iyi,v , ,t. vii At, ..,-.., Ay, / '3: An \ '''.4 .... 1 / ,/t. \ , ,"0,..: /.., ... 4. / s•-;;;.i,, ~ , , 4 , An ,_ .

eii; r „ , 1 , , . i , i t . z , t .f..---- . .„.,.... t.,,„_. ..,„

LIR vE -- PILLS. . ..".. Vt' ) '. F.3.ros'l PIM lirl:AlitillF" "fty• Nu. for all Imal Prlaa Fort in. r' • vtR y• a ~ .4 FR vial. ~,_ 1,..... A Put •• yVege_ "" • enro , --- cable. -LOrpid Li ~ . Cleanses Sick Corn ,i .ver, Lille, between 4,,, it lieaciac,l t, en, and will. s ,Taro ,heussoli_ mromptly '' CllBl/4ists:Uyite

===== 0002601_18980225_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
i I ' , I ' --- shape --qo , the ,:hes• more , • , „ \ o-eauea re." Is 6L, b? [t. I either .m tb• ! e etv,ss I 45. v" i • rh.rog: I mote."' f ill roggo; ' lardt,o ~ .1 1., ' 1, ,

===== 0002601_18980225_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Li to a is for try in >ocke. midair'

===== 0002601_18980225_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
largo strict, tvour- on-on

===== 0002601_18980225_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
U tut webs* , Cory at your • gr.('

===== 0002601_18980225_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
to tfl° agnsro: jar f° nserg.`

===== 0002601_18980225_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CULT.

On Tuesday last the celebrated Rhondda Glee Party had the honour of singing before the Queen at Windsor, the concert raking placs in St. George's flail. This building adjoins the private chspei, and her Majesty's fine organ. which was movated a few years back at a cost of L 2,000 is 64 placed as to be available both for the services in the chapel, and for concerts or recitals in the hall. s .

, Speaking of organs,the largest snecimen in the world, which is to be found in the Town flail at Sydney, Aus- tralia, has lately been greatly improved. The pitch, character.and position of the stops have been changed, two new stops have been added to wroduce thunder and chime effects,and the pipes of the choir and solo organs have been enclosed in swell boxes. The ins rument haa now five manuals and pedals, 33 thumb pistons, and 146 stops, including couplers, and tremulants. The longest pipe has a speaking length of 64 feet, and the blowing apparatus is worked by a gas engine of eight horse power, The beneficed clergy are complaining that the value of ,tithes has fallen by over 30 per cent& during the last few years,and a memorial signed by over 2.000 clergymen has been presented to Lord Salisbury praying for some relief in the ptesent heavy rating of their incomes. The adherents of the Established Clorch are officially put down as numbering thirteen millions, so that it is claimed that the grievance affecting so large a number is one of very great importance. In Great firitain,alone It is said there are nearly three hundred distinct religious sects, and the Salvation Army—probably the moat re- markable religious organisation of modern times, claims a million members. About many of the projects for celebrating the Queen of Holland's coronation next September, there is a piquant femininity. For instance, who hut a girl-Queen of eighteen would have thought of a costume exhibition on such an occasion P Queen Wilbelmina haa always shown an interest in the ancient dress of her country, and has often worn it. On the 31st of August next, she will, with her mother, the Queen Regent, attend a re- ligious service in the great church at The Hague, and six days later she will be crowned at the new church at Amsterdam. _ _

Misfortune never comes singly, and Lord Abe ma- . venny, whole broken dJwn by the disgrace and imp ri- Bounlent of his son. Lord William Nevill, has now to mourn the loss of his daughter Lady Alice Mo gland, whose death occurred the other day at Brighton. It is about ten years since, that Lord William Nevill married a daughter of the Murietta family,then one of the great financial houses of London. The Prince of Wales, with the whole of the fashionable world in his train was pre- sent at the marriage. The contrasts, between then and now,could not be more sad and pitiful. The Neville came over with the Converer, and are therefore one of the oldesp of the great English families. It was during the wars of the Roses that the Neville attained their great historical position, and at the present time they own large estates in at least seven or eight English counties. , We have long since become accustomed to the so- called" newer" types of womanhood, represented by the lady doctor, the lady journalist, the lady factory in- spector, and even lady barbers. • But with the lady auctioneer we are not as,yet so familiar. It can how- ever hardly be called the latest development, as a lady who has been in the queiness in the United States for nine years, has now been in practice in London , for several months past. She is usually taken for an American, hut is a native of this country, • and to judge by appearances, she Is doing remarkably well in the auctioneering business. Many women do not care to brave the rough surround- ' ings usually attending auction sales of furniture and effects at private houses. But if people would take the trouble and carefully make a previous aelection,it is often possible to pick up exceptional bargains in this way. One objection to going to these sales is,that they are,as a rule, attended by a class of brokers, who unless em- ployed by agents and paid a commission, bid against private purchasers. It is not horn-tide bidding, but intended simply to run up the price so as to show that it would be better to employ them. It was declared in the Birmingham County Court the other day, that this practice is illegal, and the warning that it is likely to bring those who follow it within the meshes of the law may have some effect in improving matters at private auction sales.

With regard to he arrangement of our hair, the slight- est ripple of a fringe only, is permissible. And there is no dressing at all at the back. It is all on the top, al- most over the forehead, and it is very simple and un- aggressive. The waving and general arrangement is the chief thing. We have heard much concerning the danger of certain hair washes of late, but from the frequent accidents re- corded, it would seem as though numbers of our sex yet remain,who have failed to take these warnings to heart. Only the other day, a woman, well known in societv,who had espied some grey hairs among her tresses, forthwith purchased some dye, which was specially recommended to her. The first application had an instantaneous and beneficent result, and for one evening the affect was all that could possibly be desired. But the next morning a different complexion was put upon the matter,when the lady's entire head of hair fell off, in the maid's haude ! . .

Recent chemical analyses of-Fia-ir dyes and cf;;;;;;t ice show an appalling lack of conscience in their ingre- dients, and if we will indulge in them we should he most cautious in our relections. Out of the many samples of hair dye examined at official laboratoriol, net one was free from lead,and of thirteen samples of face lotions.teu were found to contain corrosive sublimate. No woman should apply a lotion of any description unless she knows exactly what ingredients it contains.and has taken the advice of a specialist as to whether it is suitable for her use or not, Without doubt, however, it is better to ignore all so-called " skin rejuvenators" and cling to Nature's free gift of wateroun,and fresh air, with per- haps a slight massage every night. We are, it appears, to have the usual tight waistcoat with us again this spring, and pouched bodices are to be of a more modified kind. So, happily, there are not likely to be any more attempts at pouches contrived by merely pulling the basque of an ordinary bodice or jacket through the belt in an upward clivction—an arti- fice that was as .palpable as it was inexcusable.

Lace capes will be worn again this cominisPring and summer, and these of us possessed of some ancient treasures ef this description will be able to exhibit them and feel distinctly up to date. These capes thongh are not to be transparent. They will be lined with some- thing light of texture though possibly dark of tint. When linen has turned yellow, a capital plan is to cut up a pound a *I2P white soap into a gallon of milk, and hang it over a fire in a wash kettle. When the soap has completely melted put in the linen and boil it for half an hour. Then take it out, have reaslv a lather of soap and water, wash the linen in it, and then rinse it through two cold waters, with a vary little blue in the last. Potato Fluff—Boil and mesh potatoes, to each four Cupfuls add one gill of hot milk, and a little salt. Beat well, and stir in carefully the whipped whites of two eggs. Heap in a baking dish and brown in the oven. "sIIADGE."

At Bristol on Monday Miss Finch, daughter of an 'Easter brewer, was awarded £1.500 damages for breach of promise of marriage against Harold Yorke Groldsmid, who, with his mother carries on the business of a high- class horse dealer in Paris. The defendant, it appeared, had made endeavours to avnid the completion of a 'marriage settlement, and finally disappeared within a 'couple of hours of the time fixed for the marriage, cere- mony. He was followed and served with a writ on Dover pier, when attempting to leave the country, and was at the same time thrashed soundly in the presence of the passengers on the French boat,

BXTRAORDINARY COUGH CURB. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—For Coughs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—For Colds. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Asthma. Powella Balsam of Aniseect—Cougks.—Broachitis. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.--Lung Troubles. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Cougba.—Night Conchs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Conems.—lntliseissa. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Relieves Instantly. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—riougha.—Safe and Reliable.. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughe.—Rst islished 70 years. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Ref use mitations Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Sold by Chemist.. Powers Balsam of Aniseed—Bottles, Is. 14.1., 2s. 3d. See Trade Mark—Lion, Net, and Mouse, on Wrapper.

DELICIOUS MAZAWATTHE TEA. DELICIOUS MAZAWELT Aim 'rim DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTER TEA. Gaes far in brewing and never varies. Sold by HENRY MiLLitte. and Co., LIMITED, 5, Horsernarket-streot, and Corporation Diuldings. Sole Wholesale and Retail Aaents for Warrington. COISULINE. —Cement for broken articles. 6d. and ls. stage id. Soldeverywhere. Home and abroad.—Advt. KI/NX.—New white inorganic Cement for Pottery. Pores en, 6d. U., and Is. postage Id. M Ohendsts.—Adv ,

SOCIAL PROBLEMS.

THE UNEMPLOYED.

By JOSEPH RYDER. General Secretary of the

Land Nationalisation Society.

ARTICLE XVII.

A man willing to work and unable to find work is, per- haps, the saddest sight that fortune's inequality exhibits under the sun.

Thomse CARLYLE.

When in ordinary busy years autumn arrives and the leaves begin to fall • alter the harvest has been gathered, and the hop, fruit, and market gardens have given up their yield; when the nights draw in and the we tther breaks, then begins to gather in the city and the town the advance guard of the workless army. . loss Buries, M.P. Whether it be summer or winter, the unemployed like the poor, we have ever with us. And their presonce has come to be such a common thing that men cease to be surprised at it. It has Come to be regarded by most people as something that is inevitable and may as well be made the best of. But at times, as, for instance,dur- ing a prolonged spell of 'hard weather or in a period of depressed trade,the nurnbert of the unemployed increase to such a magnitude that they at last compel the atten- tion of the unthinking public. Perhaps they frighten them by Trafalgar-square demonstrations, harangued by fiery orators preac.hing a class war, or by processions of starving men through the streets. But hitherto these "excursions and alarms have always come to nothing. The great British public, moved partly by sympathy, but chiefly by fear of mob violence, bas appointed its Committees of Enquiry and lulled its conscience into sleep again. And, by-and-by, trade, which ever moves in cycles of actiiity and depression,temporarily revives, the hard weather breaks up,the spring returns,and some I (never all) of the erstwhile unemployed are absorbed Into the ranks of the actively-engaged industrial army. Then when the unemployed problem is no longer urgent, the British Public like lifrr. Gramm is disposed to pass the matter off witlia light-hearted" I I don't believe there ain't no sich a thing." And there are many who say at all times, " There is work for every- body,and none but the loafers are unemployed." How far this attitude is due to mere ignorance of the truth, how ftr to a selfish and cynical indifference, or how fir to a combination of both causes, it is imoolsible to say. There is the faot,and it constitutes perhaps the greatest obstacle in the way of dealing effectively with the ques- tion. It crops up again and again, in spite of the most convincing evidence of its falseness. It comes natural to that great class who glorify the struggle for existence In which they themselves have eucceeded,whose motto is character.lrA.:eatlEs dcaaYthboygfevenoedtsr declaring cheruNl aoen wii td, hthhoaebapntue tr improvement reshrdvot settlementee. wc i,glehf inttrtlesktdo.e of fethanhet thee give thei' ilndividual q question in te °,l t cur.to.n' ' of the unemployed is one of the most urgent of all social problems; second,that it is primarily traceable to"mact's inhumanity to roan ;" and, third, that it can never be satisfactorily dealt with apart from a fearless dealing with the land difficulty.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW MANY ARE THE 'UNEMPLOYED P

According to a modern economist " Unemployment " is the most illusive term which confronts the s'udent of modern industrial society. Authorities widely differ among themselves concerning its definition. And as there is no possible way of getting accurate statistics, no estimate of the numbers of the workless can be any- thing better than an approximate guess. Many oalcula- dons have been made at different times, ranging from Mr. Bier Hardie's statement that there are 1,760.000 un- employed, down to the opinion of the Rev. Wickham Tozer that in normal times the number of " capable, willing, sober, and industrious unemployed" does not ' exceed 140,000. The truth probably lies between the two extremes. Yet, even if we accept the smaller estim- ate, the evil disclosed thereby is surely of suffieient magnitude to call for strong remedial action. For we I must reckon not only the unemployed breadwinners,but r those also who are dependent on them. Therefore we discover at the very least there are 500.000 men,women and children in constant distress, even in normal times. That is, it is as if a vast city of the population of Bir- mingham were permanently suffering from the conse- quences of unemployment. The best judges hold that this is an understatement by at least one-half. Ind if the evil is so serious in ordinary times, what must it be when the inevitable recurrence of trade depression raises the percentage of the unemployed P But apart from the wholesale suffering which inevitably accompanies this terrible state of affairs, there is an enormsus waste of labour power,

===== 0002601_18980225_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WAAL'S OF LABOUR POWER.

For it most be remembered that when a man is idle, whatever may be the cause, he has to be supported by those who are at work. An idle man is a national loss —erg, by what his work would have produced, and second, by what it has cost to keep him and his family. And here I would in Passing refer to the existence of an unemployed class who are net ordinarily counted in that category The Census Reports give them a name that is deemed more respectable. They are called the "unoccupied." In 1891 there were in England and Wales alone no fewer than 233,44.6 males and females between the ages of twenty and sixty-five who were not even nominal members of any trade or profession. As Mr. Hobson in his book on this question says," This represents a large mass of adult labour power utterly wasted for the purpose of social work, subsisted out pf the labour of others, and contributing nothing in return. A large proportion of this class are well-nourished, cap- able men, whose i3leneqs injures both themselves and the society in which they live. The casual voluntary work which some of these may undertake cannot be re- garded as a serious contribution to the aggregate of social work, being amateur in character and commonly misdirected, since from the economic nature of the case it is not amenable to social direction and control."

===== 0002601_18980225_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
_WORE-A RIGHT AND A DUTY.

The very firat thing to be done is to realise this one great truth—" That every man has a right to work,and that work is a duty as well as a right." Yet it is a fact beyond dispute that the foundation of our social sys- tem ilonfliSts in the ignoring of both the right and the duty. For there is no recognised right to work where there is no right to the land, which is essential before any work at all can be done. And there is no r: cognised duty to work where frme men are privileged to regard a gift of nature as their own, and to live in luxurious indolence npin the tribute which they thereby compel the landless to pay thorn. Doubtless there are many sub- sidiary causes which contribute to the existence of the unemployed, such as the increaqin2 use of machinery, changes of fashion.and variations of trade. And there are many among the " unoccupied " rich who are not landlords. But in the last analysis it will be found that the one primary cause fee the existence of bath classes is the law which establishes the pernicious privilege of a monopolist class at this expense of the birth- rights and necessities of the rest of the corn- munity.Thern is work for allot° long as any human wants are unsatisfied. There is land in plenty, if it were only i available. And there is labour in ahuadance, if only it I were properly utilised. _Ls it was in he time of the I Corn Laws, ro it is to-day • mqii are uneniployed be- cause the land Is denied to them. Last summer I visited an agricultural vills..ge in the east of England, sad what I 13W there strengthened my conviction on this point. For,aittine on some tree-trunks on the village green. were a dozen strong men who had not been. able to get employment although it was harvest time. They were all bitterly conscious of the nardship of their position. They were all willing and respectable. And not one of them bad even an allotment. They told MA that the working men of the village had applied to the Parish Council for 24 acres of la,nd,and that the result of their application. after prolonged difficulties.was a miserable allotment of four acres to be apportioned amongst the whole of them. This case is typical of many others. Therefore I believe that I take up a strong and unassailable pnlition when I say that the settlement of the. unemployed difficulty is impossible without a settlement at the land question on democratic principles, in order that men may emnloy themselves on the public land, even though the ordinary labour market is closed against them.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
AVM VIRE Z XWATTRIC DELICIOUS MAZ I.WATTER FRAGRANT MA Z&WATTHE REFRESHING. ?yr AZ \VFATTRE EcONowiciL. MAZ &RATTER

Bold by HiS-NRY MILLING an 4 Co., LIMTTED, 5 Itorsemarket street. mai Corporatirm 13,111,ii1gs. Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington.

LTNUM CATHARTIC:TM PILLS difintiVP. POITOPfIve, and nitrecably aperi.,nt. 13}d., Ofall Chemista.—Adrt 'LINSEED COMPOUND for (loughs, Colds, Asthma. and Bronchitis, Of Chemists only.dizst.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
THE

===== 0002601_18980225_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIDAY, FEBItUARY 25, 1898.

WA.'RtN 311- ) F! CflJCa COUNCIL.

ANNUAL 11E.,]r[so.

There WaM a fairl.v large attea I illee ill the 1.301 I- strew:, S'eMeyan Schoolroom on 'Cue,(l4.y evening, wnea [Ma annual meeting of the Warrington Irr,'o was held. Mr. Glei% J P., preside!, lind lie was supported (en r,be plasform by the Rev. Jr. I,louro Gibson, of London, Rev. Robert, Veitch, of Liverpool, Revs. W. Potts, G. Harbottle .J. Warnock, J. S. Hughes, J. Janes, and J. F Mat t hew. Th,A R-v.G.FIA.RBOTTLZ at the outaet, said he rezfretted the abseuce of the senior secretary of the Warrington Free Church Cmncil (the Rev. John . Yonle). Re was called to an imp4rtant committee in.Niting in London the previous day and had been unable to get back in time. He desired him (Mr. Harbottle) to express hii ra,zrat for Ws unavoidable absence,

The Cuetaleen said he believed that that movement of the feueration of the Free Churches was the greatest movement of the nineteenth century. What the refor- mation was to the 1611 century and whit the religious revival was to the 18th century so he thought that movement was to the 19,h century. He lellieved it was the outcome of the reformation and of that religious re- vival. (Hear, hear.) It would have a grand and glori- cue effect upon the Free Churches of the country in bringing them into line. The closer they drew together and the more closely would they see that they were akin. The Free Churches were sometimes charged with being narrow minded and bigoted in their view but the platform of their Council was broad, free and scriptural. They unchurched no man who believed in the len.d Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth. (Ap- plause.) They were banded together on great funda- mental doctrihes, the Fatherhood of God, the atoning and mediating work of our Lard Jesus Christ, the sanc- tifying, enlighteaing,au I energizing leerier of the Divine Spirit. Those were the broad truths that they believed. They did not regard themselves as the Catholic Church, but they claimed that every Free Church was an in- tegral part of the Univers ii Church. There was no Uni- versal Church vieitele and organic in the wand. Where should they find it ? If there was any Catholic Church it must surely be the ancieet church of Greece. But the Rornanists dieputed that, and the Anglican, alth nigh he wae wullru. to trate veto the G:eelr and the Roman Churches, was not willing to be absorbed by either. The Anglieen Ceurch was not sepretne on any continent on the globe. Ii this coultry the Free Churches had a I urger nurnher of adhereate than tins Anglicae Church. T me Free Caurches coull number m ore than seven mil. lions end the Anglican Church mere th,nsix millioue. The Free C lurches hid s nnething like 803,000 more than the Anglican Church. (Applause.) They rejoiced th it they were the Free Churches of England. They were not hound by Bat,3 )utrol. They recogniz id the face that the Church ju all epirituel work was :lbws the State, and that no secaler Pirliament had my right to interfere with the spirituel werkine, of tha Church.Thev rejoiced also that they were free from the tyranny of a sacrificing and abeolvine prieethool. (Applause.) They gave all deference ta tneir teachers—they revered them for their works' selre—hut they would not admit that any ministry, however holy or learned, should stand betweee them and God. (Amplsnse.) 'They had but one sacrificing priest and that was their Lori Jesus Christ. They had no mediator but Hine. Then they rejoiced also that they were free from the dogma of ap euceeesion. (fleer,heer.) The spirit's influences were neto b checked, not to be cabine,d or confined by aay co:npanv of men. The spirit had many ways of ‘vorkiag an I they could not confine its opera- tions. They regarded themselves as following test the scriptures as far as they kn• 7r them. They were charged with being envious of the Cnurch of England or the Anglican Church ite he would rather cell it. (hear, heir ) They eltairel the Church of England. Th y admired the learnme, the piety and zeal of some henoure I throes wive were do- ing a geed work for Gel within ita pale. They acknow- ledged all that was good an I lily and pure in that church, but they wialied that that church should be freed from Stets coutral, freed from ite narrowneee, and aloof nese, and that its adherents would realize that they were memhere of the same holy "which is Christ." (ep- plau4e ) The Free Gine:le Couneile bad, he wevee, been °lett. ive , not for rsy but for peece formed not for destructioe but constructima. They believed that the issues of these Councile would be of never ending good to this and every other land. He theught he had said enough to show that he Was dietiectly in favour of this great movement. (Applause). The Rev. R. VEITcn said he rei,ieed ti here any part whatever in that great movement. It was a religious movement, bringing men and womee to the great and practical work of redeeming the nation. It was the meanie of brinzing teem to One centre, and recognising a deep unity in all their d;fferencea. It wee I emetimes thought that their unity Was largely a unity of Protest- antism. and that they were only ceneeeted in their antagonism to the Episcopal Church of Enelatil. They devoutly prayed for the loosing of the Church from the thraldom of the State, and did that from no politico ecclestiasical point of view,butfrom the distinctly religi- ous point of view. (Hear,heer) They were anxious, and the more so as they moved in line one with another,that they should gather together the whole of the evaneelie,al religious power of this nation into one great army, hut the Established Church was blocking the way. There was this distinctive character running thrnugh the Free Churches, that they began at a different point from the Anglican Church. They began by defining what is a church, and then they said in order to be a Christian they must be of this organisation. It was difficult to define from the point of view of dogma man_ y of those things which were held in comnten by all Christians. It was difficult to define mother love. and it was difficult to define the great Divine Love and its relationship to themselvee. They must make it more clear that there was unity in the Free Churches of England. That idea was extremely difficult of being grasped by either the Hieh Anglican or the Romanist. It was very difficult for him to think of one church unless it was one in outward form or there was one set of orders. The unity of the Free Churches was not simply a matter of Paper or sontinaent, it was capable of being used as a great force in the evangelis- ing and uplifting of England. ,(Applause) They had to show that there was not only Free' Church unity but that they could develop Free Church co-operation, and a Free Church Council was never more characteristically occupied than when it Was the means of combining the while of the evange- lical Free churches in a new attack win the forces of evil. They had come to a time in which it wee demended of them to tare their stand as a united army of God to i do battle against the foes of Christ and mankind. (Hear , hear). They were worthlese makes,' they could show that the power of their consecrated life could be laid down in the work of emancipating their country from the Ulm!. dom of drink. (Applause.) The Rev. Dr. Morino GIBSON, who met with a cordial reception, paid he could not understand why they should define themselves neeatively. Why should they say they were Nencenformiets. Ile was glad to think that their Councils were called Free Church C stencils. They were all churchmen in fact, and hi would never use a term which would lead anyone to believe that they were not churchmen. Some People used the term " the church " to empty to only one particular section of it which was a misuse of the word. Why ehnuld they de- fier, themselves in relation to the Anglican Church? They were not content to gn beck to Henry VIII. with the Eetablished Church of this country, or to Innocent I. with the Roman Church, or to Cvprian with the Rich Anglican. They wanted to go back to the first century, tci the Apostles and Christ. The High Anglicans were not high enough for them. (Adenlause.) They were built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, net noon Acts of Parliament like rhe E,tabijahed Church of this country, nor upon degrees of Council like the Church of Rome, nor upon the tomhe of the Father,: life the . High Anglican. They defined themselves in reletion to the New Testament. Really they (the Free Churchmen) were the conformists in the true sense of the word, and the Anglicisms and Rornan Catholics were the non-confermists. (Hear, heer.) As Free Churchmen timer lamented the depar- ture of these religious holies from the simplicity and purity, of the gospel in the direction of historical sacer- dotalism., These bodies were very fond of the word catholic, but how could they be enneidered such when they shut out others? The evanvelieel was free and his position was catholic but the High Anglican and those who specially toyed the word catholic were thwe who had no right to it. The Church of England disowned more than half the Christians of this country, more than nine-tenthe of the Christians in the United States, end al- most all the Evangelical Chrietians of the Continent. Was that It Catholic position ? It Was an abuse of the term. The Free Churches were the only ones who had any right to the term catholic. Proceeding, he said they heard a great deal about continuity or RP-Atone succes- sion. He wished them to under•Oland t•ht r it wee the presence of the spirit that env, nentieilitc to the Church. (Applause) Fle rejoiced exeeelinelr thee thee. had members of the Society of Friends coanrctril wi'h the Free Church organisation. The pmsenre ef the Spirit was the thing for which they lied liFted is their testi- mony. All of them believed in the Bpirit; hot the Friends had given emphasis to it. It was thee which gave true continuity to the Citure.h. Referring `e the "historie episcopate" he said the Free Chu,iches in tak- ing thn New Testament as their guide bed en historic epieconate even more historic than that of the Roman Catholic Chereh. The Free Church movement WAR of the Spirit of God. He could not think of any move- ment in Church history which had developed with any- thing approaching the rapidity of the Free , Church Federation. It was nn use their seeking unanimity or uniformity. They could not get all the members of the Free Churches of one mind. IMP found any great company of one mind in regard to the quesions which ',ere agitating the public mind et the present time he would say that there was not much mind among them. (I.eughter.) They did not want to be of one mind hut of one heart and soul. (Ap- plause.) Even in the Christian Church of Paul' a time "there were differences of administration but one Lord."

If there were then why should we not have differences of administration now without interfering with the unity of the Church P (Hear, hear.) It was the old Anelican,Roman and Greek idea of the one foil. After painting out that the word fold iu the New Testament should have been translated ffock,he stated that the An- glican flack was certainly not one flack; there were two a: least, if not more. (Lauehter.) The ideal of the Church was not a homogeneous organisation. As a federation of Free Churches the great work they had to do was to seek first theXing!dona of Gad and His right- eeusuess. It meant the Church of Christ for Christ. They could help each other s iritually and a great deal hid already been done by fellowship gatherings. Proceeding, the speaker urged the Warrington Council to map out the district into parishes, and carry on the work of visiting and brining people outside the churches within the scope of the gospel as had been done in Birmingham, London, and other places. Everybody knew that there were a great many pe,ple who did not attend any church at all. They could find out the people who did not go to church, and by becoming acquainted with them, could exercise some kinuly influence on them. The federation had been of immenee valde in *the;villages in defence of their rights as free churchmen. There had been a number of cases where instances of persecution had been repvrted to the Council Rad it had been crushed. There were plenty of vicars and squires who had cotnplete coma:laud of their own little village, I and it was in these places that tyraunical persertutien took niece. The Commit was also able to take up edu- cstional matters, and from what he heard ha thought Warrington needed stirring up on that question. It was also their duty to see to it that for every County Council, Town Commit, and Board of Guardian election there should be good men as candidates, and in the second place it was important that the members of the Free Churches ,should support them. (dear, hear.) It was wanderfhl what the power of the Free dluirches had been this century, but he did not see why it should not be ten times greater in the next century. If they were united they would be one of two great religious bodies, and he believed the greater of the two. (Hear, hear, and applause) Let them put enthusiasm into the movement, and to the young men especially, whom he was glad to see present, ke would urge thorn to stir up Warrington and make it enthusiastic in this inatter.(Ap- platase)

- . The Rev. WlLLseos POTTS, in proposing a vote of thanks to the Chairman and the speakers, said as Free Churchmen they had no raison to be ashamed of their position. They were united in every good work, and if their friends of the Established Church were willing to come and join them in doing Christ's work they would give them welcome. (Appla use) The Rev.J. WAaNOCK seconded the proposition,which was unanimously carried. The meeting concluded with the pronouncing of the Bendiction,

===== 0002601_18980225_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BUTCHERS AND THE USE

OF THE TELEPHONE.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday last week, before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes, the National Telephone Company sued John Marsh, Grap • penhall, for £lO, the year's rent of a telephone. The company were represented by Mr. Magnet!, the district manager for South-West Lancashire ; Mr. Browne ap- peared for the defendant,and Mr. Percy Davies appeared for Messrs. Singleton and Stephenson, a third party in the case.

Mr. Browne, at the outset, stated that the defendant adrn.tted the debt, but contended that he was entitled to be indemnified by Messrs. Singleton and Stephenson, who had taken over the telephone from him and used it since. The defendant was formerly in business at the Farmers' Stores. He rented the shop from the Lancash;re and Cheshire Fanners' Association. Limited, and his time expired on the 26th April, 1897. On his going out Messrs. Singleton and Stephenson, who were butchers in the town, arranged with the Farmers' Asso- ciation to take the premises as from the 27th April. Mr. Marsh had a telephone erected, and paid £lO in adva rice for the year commencing with 27th June, 1896 so that from the 27th April ta the 27th June Messrs. Singleton and Stephenson had the telephone for nothing. They agreed on taking the shop to take over Ur, Marsh's book debts,and on 22nd April.Mr.Singleton came to the Stores, and Miss Marsh heard him say to a gentleman who was with him that the telephone was on there, and he was eoing to take it over and have a wire to his shop in Bridge-street. Miss Marsh communicated this statement to her father, and he was agreeable to it. From the 27th April up to the present Messrs. Singleton and Stephen- son had been using the telephone. They used the trunk line, and refused to pay the trunk charges. I letter was received by Mr. Marsh from Mr. Magna!l on the subjec", and Mr. Marsh saw Mr. Singleton, who said that he was not going to have the telephone. Evidenee was given in support of the above statement by Miss Bessie Marsh, Mr. Marsh, and Miss Dooley, the cashier for Mr. Singleton and formerly for Mr. Marsh, who spoke as to the telephone having been used by her employers. Mr. Davies submitted that the manner in which the action had been brought forward tended rather to the disadvantage of his clients, as the case could not be put properly before his Honour, inasmuch as he was unable to call Mr. Magnall. Mr. Singleton had a telephone at Bridge-street, and it would have beec nonsense for him to have another. It was his intention to have a private wire from his Bridge-street shop to the Farmer's Stores. He never heard a word about the telephone until Janu- ary, when Mr. Marsh spoke to him. Mr. Singleton gave evidence, and said it was in January this year when Mr. Marsh came to see him. Big Honour thought Mr. Marsh ought to have given the National Telephone Company notice of the expira- tion of his tenancy, or when he assigned his book debts to Mr. Singleton he might have stipulated for the pay- ment for the use of the telephone. Somebody must pay for the telephone, and the question was could Mr. Marsh call upon Messrs. Singleton and Stephenson to in- demnify him for the liability that be incurred with the Telephone Company, a liability which he might have put an end to? He assumed that because of what his daughter told him Messrs. Singleton and Stephenson in- tended to take the telephone. But there must be some legal liability under a contract expressed or implied, or a liability in equity between Mr. Marsh and Messrs. Singleton and Stephenson. He could not see that there had been any, and, therefore, judgment must be given in favour of the latter.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING CONDITION OF A. WARRINGTON HOME. COUNCILLOR 'B. ROBERTS ON THE DUTIES OF PARENTS.

Oa Friday morning at the Warrington Police Court, before Councillor Henry Roberts (chairman), Mr. J. flepherd and Councillor Smethurst, George and Selina Forster, 27, Napier-street, were charged with having on the 7th February and other days during the past six months, neglected Harold, Minnie, George,John,Joseph, Charles, Arthur, and Annie, their children in a manner likely to cause them suffering.—The children were all in Court and created quite a crowd in the neighbourhood of the box. _ .

The -Chairman asked firs. Forster if th.v were all her children, and she replied : Yes, I have 9. lie hasn't reckoned one. _ . _ _

Inspector McAteer, of the N.S.P.C.C. prosecuted, and said the children ranged in age from 11 years to 3 weeks. On the morning of the 7th February, he went in com- pany with P.C. Lewis to defendant's house, and found the male defendant and the five youngest childrea. They were most filthy, especially the two younger ones They . were almost naked, and covered with vermin bites. Arthur was lying on the remains of the sofa dressed in dirty rags and covered to the waist with excrement. De- fendant said he had not seen his wife since morning as she was out. The front bedroom occupied by the de- fendants and the four youngest children contained an iron bedstead, with two mattresses and a tick completely rotted through with filth. On this bed lay the baby of 3 weeks in its own filth, and sucking sour milk out of a porter bottle. The back bedroom occupied by the eldest girl, Emily, 15, was indescribable for filth. The bed had no covering whatever. The male defendant said he could not account for the condition of the home, !le said he was getting 28s. a week and his daughter es. and the money was spent every week. The following morning witness saw the female defendant who said she had not sufficient money. The Inspector added that he did not think the man was as guilty as his wife as h- had done his utmost to get her to reform. The house was in the same condition on the 18th November so that she had had time to mend. .

Mrs. Forater : What can Ido with three children which cart hardly walk.

P.C. Lewis corroborated, and in the course of his evi- dence mentioned that he fund the baby "sucking an empty porter bottle which contained sour milk.". _

_ - . Sash Forster,so Wellington-street,rnother of the male defendant supported the Inspector's statement that the children were neglected though not short of food. The Chairman (Councillor Roberts) sail the Bench did not think Forster was free from blame by any meanl. Ie circumstances like these it was his duty to give his wife what help he could, as it was hers to look after the h .use. They would adjourn the case for a month and expect to see an improvement. According to the evidence before them Mrs. Forster's neglect was simply shocking. The Inspector had made no allega- tions of drunkenness againat her, and it 1.7.19 downright laziness on her part. At any rate she could keep the children considerably cleaner than she did. He (the chairman) would ask the Inspector to make tnis I c ale known to the sanitary authorities as well, and ,;!, all oases so distinctly lthy as this. If he would lot Mr. N niman k.ow he (Mr. Roberts) would take care that it was attended to. He hoped Forster would help his wife any efforts she miatht make to improve her situation.

A terrible crime was committed on Monday aireit at Rebabr in Belguirn a small farmer and hie wife being found dead in bed, with their heads horribly battered by blews with hatchets. The previous day they had sold a cow, and it is supposed that the proceeds furnished the motive of the horrible crime. At present there is no clue to the author of the deed.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
CHIEF CONSTABLE AND WEST OF IRELAND LABOURERS.

On Monday morniee, at the conclueieu of the business at the Warrington Borouen Police Court, the Chief Con- stable (Mr. Luke Talbot) said he would like to make a little reference to a case tried on the Cei February. It was the ease of a man named Michael Felt who was charged with a violent and unprovoked assault. It was 'mentioned that he was a West of Ireland labourer, and in the course of tile remarks which he (the Chief Con- stable) made to the Bench on the subject, he said that the West of Ireland labourers were a very blood-thirsty lot when iu drink. That expression appeared in some ef the aewepapers minus the words " when in drink," 4.nd his reeearks epoeared to have given considerable offeace entougst their Irish fellow-townsmen. His at- tention had been cal:el to the matter, both publicly by er,rrempendence in the newspapers, and privately by friends of hie ewn,and ko,thersfore,thought a word of es- planatiee was due (rein him. The expression was used in reference to those unfortunate West of Ireland labourers who come so often before that Court on cherger if drunkenness and violence. He was too closely 'flied wit:, the people of Ireland, both by tiee of kin- ship and friendship, to i.nake any remark which weuld at All asperse thei, geueral national character. He knew- the,u too well , nd their high gealitiee to do anything of the kind. The remark was one of wonder that the abuse of drink had the bower to transform inoffensive and hard working men into savage and dangerous fel- lows. He wished it to go forth to the public that he had no intentien whatever of aspersing the West of Ireland people as a body. He had lived amongst them, and had a high admiration for them.—Alderman flerri- sou : Your remarks were generally applied ? The Chief Constable : They had no applicatiou to the West of Ireland people as a body, but to the unfortunate people who come here when in drink.—Councillor Shaw Green: It was the omission of the words " when in drink "that caused the unpleasantness.—The Chief Constable : Yes, perhaps the reporters did not catch what I said, because I spoke in a low tone to the Bench.

THE PARR HALL POLTLIR CONCZIZT.

An excellent concert In the above series was g7Yea in Parr Hall, Warrington, on Saturday even:n7, when the artistes were each and all of good (lushly. The attendance was fairly large. Miss Edna Tnornton and Mr. Leslie Harris must share the nonours of the evening, both of them achieving most unusual success, wi(ic's on one occasion took ti;e form of a double encore. Miss Thorntun has a contralto voice be eqaal,i! not the superior of any which have heeu ((ear- at these concerts. It is fall, laciodious and pew eq.'', :cad has neen carefully trained. Her rendering of" Angus Macdonald 'Lad "TOE, ''',la of ('ionnandie,' :vas exquisite ; "Slee2 'BA by Sleep" A•cd "Annie Jaurie" as enco,us being the eiguals for i'vrtiter o best sof :snulitase and iii the late, instance tile artiste vas co,istrai,,eil to co nS 0 ;Ale (:run. ak,ain,aud uurr he: acknowledg. rnente. :;uce i(: oIC 'avourim Ps 1! 'eslie 17-anis coot(' not rail n please, an(' ((He -03,9 e laarlitcr followed (,is " Jones'. J(•.eilee,"i_nd " A itle Music " were 'int in Pie witiluald. 04 I.is third apnearauce t(vicerecalied,a Scotcla anecdote being one of his most successful encore pieces. In M. Cuthbert( Allen, the audience dis- covered an excellent oaritone,aud they did not hesi- tate to demand encores i'or is inte,wetations of " The Bandolero," and " Qdeen of cle Errth." lii all his songs the capacities of M. Allan's rich, robust voice were well displayed. Miss Nellie Leeson,the soprano,did not attain such distinguished success as her co-vocalists,init ells nevertheless sang sweetly and effectively in "A Woodland Serenade," and "A May Morning." A considerable portion of the programme was sustained by the Doric Quer. tette of banjo and mandoline instrumentalists. Their selections from the " Gondoliers," and " Zampa," "Scotch Airs," etc., were executed cleverly and met with as much success as this des. cription of instrumental music can be expected to meet with. Mr. W. H. Payton accompanied the voca. lists in an efficient manner.

'LINSEED COMPOUND (Trade Mark) for 03ugh3 and 90.,13LA Sold by Chemists only.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
"TRUE TEA,"

10d.

BROOK BONDS

have been in the front of the Tea Trade for eight-and-twenty years. They mean to keep in the Tory front. More, they mean to beat the record. Now, as always, they give the working- public the utmost possible value for their pence. So, for the Erzt time in Great Britain,

BROOKE, Sell Tea at

===== 0002601_18980225_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
lb. '

BONDS 10d. a

Yes. good, honest Tea, Aye, indeed, it is

===== 0002601_18980225_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
TRUE TEA at 10d.

Tuesday, the 22nd, February, 189 S, will be known here,atter as a happy day for The People, for on that day, for the first time in history, they have been.able to buy really good Tea at only

10d. a lb.

guaranteed by a Firm of the highest national rAputation.

Yes, every packet of this Ten-penny Tea heirs BROOKE, BONDS' celebrated signature and registered trade-mark, which have long been known to two-milliota of tea- drinkers as the best possible guarantees of good quality. THINK: "TRUE TEA" is grown, care, and carried half-way round the world; then BROOKE, BONDS pay the duty of 4d. on every lb. of it; then BROOKE, . BONDS blend it, and yet hand it to you for only TENPENCE a lb. ITS A MARVEL FOR THE MONEY! Na " prossnts " are given with Brooke, Bonds' TRUE TEA, for Brooke, Bonds never dupe the working-public with " presents" or other catch-penny tricks. Brooke, Bonds sell honest tea at honest price,

Brooke, Bonds'" True Tea" is a perfect blend of pure, fresh, goal teA4, very carefully selected, bought, and blendel by the most ekilfal tea-experts in the Empire.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REASON WHY

BROOKE, BONDS

are the only Tea Dealers in the Kingdom, who are able to sell good tea at 10d, a lb. is because Brooke, Bonds have supplied tea to

2,000,000, yes, TWO-MILLION PEOPLE every day for .many years past. Thus, Brooke, Bonds necessarily enormous purchases and sales for " cash " enable them 0 sell every lb. of tea at only a very tiny profit.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
"TRUE TEA"

Is packed at Brooke, Bonds'. Headquarters, under the personal supervision of the Principals, and is vouched for by Brooke, Bonds' signature on the lemon•tinted wrapper. which is sealed at the end by the orange-coloured label, bearing the celebrated trade.rnirk of the double- triangle or six-pointed star. From Brooke,' Bonds' great Tea Warehouse,' in the tour cities of London, Manchester, Leeds and Bradford, the many millions of packets are sent, securely pro- tected, direct to the Compan y's thousands of Agents, who sell direct to the consumers. From the time Monts, BONDS' TEL is plucked from the tea-plant at the other side of the world until you open the sealed packet at your own table, there is uo possibility whatever that it could be tempera l with, such is the extreme care taken of it, "TRUE TEA" is pat up in

===== 0002601_18980225_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
11b,

lb.

Ib..

pric:ll resnectively paakets. each containing the full net w;:ight of T, aftl

===== 0002601_18980225_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
10d

5 2-1-d d.

sold by

===== 0002601_18980225_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BONDS' AGENTS EVERYWHERE.

Brooke, Ronde Agents al) 8,311 all of Brooko, Bonds' long celebrated Teas at the well. known prices of

1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8- 2f-, 2/4 and 2/8 a lb.,

and, s,ait all people and all parses.

BROOKE, BOND & Co., Los,

TEA DEALERS BY APPOINTMENT TO

THE PEOPLE,

The Lancashire Tea Warehouses :

17, PICCADILLY, and 12 & 14, LONG MILLGATE, MANCHESTER; And at LONDON, LEEDS, and BRADFORD:

if,

===== 0002601_18980225_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980225_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
rbt Cyamintr Rst erteg

O LANCILSIIIE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY rifEwSPTIMILS: COmpriees ri‘liE Warrington and Hid-ClieshdreExaminer, pub- J_ Ushed every Saturday morning. "TrTEarlestmen and Newton Examiner, published yery Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

TRBuneorn Examiner, published every Saturday ining, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO DE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOB SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 be above charges are for PRFPATMENT only No Advertise- intent inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebnustit trbants, Srt.

—_, WANTED,GeneraI SERVANT ;nu children,two in family; good lome.-67. BOLTON-ROAD, Kearsley, Farnworth. M 1

RS. TYLER. Bank.road, West Kirby requires good . Generals, Housemaids and Cooks immediately. Good wages.

WANTED, young GENERALS ; ES to £l2; registry fee Is. when suited.-151153 DAVIS, 122, Pluton-road, Liverpool.

WANTED, respectable GIRL; aged 15 to 20.—Mrs. CALDEnzelstr, Sand Bank Farm, Whittingham, Preston.

_ WANTED, COOK GENERAL, in a clergyman's family of four; houseman kept,—ST. Izoxes's VICARAGE, Halifax.

WANTED a iespeetablo GIRL. fond of Children. Good reference, 74, BOUNDARY-LANE, West Dertiy-road, Liverpool.

AVANTIW, strong GENERAL SERVANT; good refer- ences required.-90, FITZWARRES-EITREET, Seedley, Pendleton, Manchester.

' WANTED, strong, active WOMAN about 30, to under- take dairy and plain cooking.—Apply "P " ".x- -amber " Office, Runcorn.

WANTID, good GONIOLAL, must be steady and trust- wo tour in family ; housemaid kept. Airs. OPEARIIM, Sbaw, near Oldham.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT, about 18 or references required.--Mrs. T. W. STRAIRORD, Daisy Avenue, Longsight, Manchester.

WANTED, at once. good GENERAL SERVANTS and Nurse Girls.—Apply at REGISTRY OFFICE, 438 Cheat- ham 11111-road, Cheatham NM

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT and HOUSEMAID State a:e and ways required,—Apply Mu, 8., 112 Heaton Moor Road, near Manchester.

ALE and IFEMALIII NURSES INsTITUTION, 70, Hope- ,: Ll_ street. Liverpool.—Established 1873.—F0r reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegrtph.--• • Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 670

===== 0002601_18980225_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Eo bt ixt.

----- PENKETH.—Cottages 41. 9d.. 3s. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. 33, CATHERINE-STREET, 6 roomed house, rent 4s. 3d. DALLAM-LANE FOUNDRY, WARRINGTON with Engine, Boiler, Cupola, ac., Railway Siding. 64, BEACONSFIELD TERRACE, rent ss. 6d: Corner House, 25, PERCY STREET, rent 4s. 6d. apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street, War- bth gton. Telephone—No 55.

qo LET.—LARGE BOOM, Lrford-street ; rent £2O I_ Apply !OHMS' I.WD WOODS, Soliators, Horiemarket-it.,

Farringlon.

- rro LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, in Orforlat., J. rent El3.—Apply Aenerotv AND WOODS, Solieitors,Herse- market-street, Warrington.

VILLA (Semi-detaehed) TO LET; two sitting. four bed- rooms, bath, other conveniences ; 10s. inclusive.—iB PADGATE LANE, Warrington.

'HOBE& TO LET, WILDER4POOL ; Bay-window;; two sitting-rooms ; kitchen.; and other conveniences.— Apply BOSTOCX, Builder, Wilderspool, Warrington.

- SHOP TO LT.—Wdrrington. Capital Business Premises, extensive frontage ; cellar. hoist, three large rooms ; central position.—PLETCllll%, Bridge-street, Warrington.

rpo LET, —WARM-It-USE STABLIS with rooms over. and 1. large yard attached ; rent £2s.—Apply AsxxoN AND WOODS, SoHelton, Horsernarket-street, Warrington.

tuitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— 1 Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Hornemarket-at., Warriru2,torl.

WOftXSOP. —To be Sold or Let, modern detached RII,SIDBNC.S. three rec•ption, five bedrooms, bath room, w-c. butler's pantry, kitchens, &c.; ground plot 1,450 square yards.—TowNsEND, 31.iddiewoo4, near Sheffield.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Zuritultural

AA. -B—LAlcr BETS GIVICI AWAY.—Special Grey,Fancy Border, size 70 inches by 50 inches. All pure Wool and have only been nisei once, being practically new. Are Much warmer than ordinary Blankets at double the price, and wear as long again. One Blanket 2s lid. post free. For order of half-dozen one extra will be given, and for orders of one dozen, two extra. A specially stout Officer's Blanket 6s. 6d. each post free. C,.st 20s. Sam l conditions for half and dozen lots. ARMY BELL TENTS, only 'Oaths soiled, 50ft. circumference and 101 t. high with poles, pegs, lines, runners, mallet and bag all complete, 30s. each. Buy before season commences, thereby getting the best.—Addreas POITSR, -Equipment Works. Wolverhampton.

RMY

IT WILL PAY YOU TO NOTE THIS. I HAVE a Quantity of Good GOVERNMENT GOODS _l. passed out of service for other patterns. Light Waterproof Sheets, 61t by 31t 2 6 , 61t by 6ft 5 9 90 VP Heavy Large Dark Grey Waterproof Cloth Capes Large Dark Grey Waterproof Overcoats, any size Patent Adjubtable Headstalls, with lead attached 1 6 Horses' Nose Bags, with wI. e Leather straps Good All Wool Rufs, 41b weight, 811 by 61t Waterproof Horses Lola Cloths. 46in by 421 n 3 0 White Rubber Sheets, brass eyelet holes, 46in by 42 in 2 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair 2 0 Pocket Filters, as used by British Officers 1 0 Shoulder Bags, large, with shoulder straps Government Traces, 10ft., is.; 6 ft., ss. pair. Horses' Neck Ciliate. all leather, any size 6 0 Splendid Stout New Leather Driving Reins, 251 t in length 4 6 Very Strong All-Leather Horses' Head Collars Any of the above, carriage paid to your horns from H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, RIB,

BUSINESS EXTENSION IN CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. . - HENRY MILES, THE LIVERPOOL GLOVER, HAS OPENED BIS NEW PREMISES

s. d.

AT 'SF E CORNER OE CHURCH-STREET AND TARLETON-STREET, LIVERPOOL, (ADJOIN(NG HI pm) ESTAHLI-sHICIENT), WITH A CHOICE A COMPLETH ASSORTMENT

OF ItLL CLAS3ES OF LACES AND RIBBONS (PIECE AND MADE-UP GOODS), FANS, BELTS, GARTERS, AND UMBRELLAS

THE DEP.tRTMENTS AT 25 AND 25A, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Two doors from New Premises), ON THE GROUND FLOOR, ARE

FABRIC, KID, AND SUEDE GLOVES, SILK THREAD AND WOOLLEN HOSIERY AND FURS. SHOWROOM (UPSTAIRS).

CORSETS, SKIRTS, Ul4/DEIZCLOTIIING, DRESSING GOWNS. STOCKINETTE UNDERWEAR. BLOUSES AND SHIRTS. 11 ENRY MILES.

25A, AND I,CHURCH-STREET AND 1, TARLETON-STREET (OPPOSITE. PRO-CATHEDRAL), LIVERPOOL.

pLACARS ANY SIZE Olt COLOUR. ThE "LEVIATHAN "PLACARD, Maggie Sheet sft. sin. by 31t. %a. z• LARGEST IN TUE DISTILICT. °MRS PLACARD my be formed by joining a mini leer of the " LEVIATHAtg Sams. JOHN WALKER AND CO., EIMaiIIER" OFFICE, SPECIALITY

CD uration.

L 1 THAM.-43, Virestby-street.—Limited number of Pupils ' received - careful training : highest references.—Prin- eip us, Misses MILES.

LAMES COLLEGE, ILKLEY,—High class Edaeatiun. Comfortable home. Half Term February 22nd.— Wane MILNE.

SASIDE . RIVERSTBAD, Waterloo, Liverpool—Boarding SCHOOL for GIRLS, conducted by the Misses P.A.Lnt E B. Next term will commence January 27th.

Moats', Xnsinessl2s, CU.

CHINA Glass and Earthenware Bushaess ; Stock at valuation ; fixtures £25 ; about £lOO in all.-10, Moss- LANE, West, Brooks's Bar, Blanchester.

TIMED FISH and CHIPS. Ranges and Potatoe Peelers ; 12 also Shop on Wheels.—MesnoT's New 24 page Illustrated list free —5l, Lever-street, Manchester.

Wanteb.

k GENTS WANTED to pwsh first-class Machinery OILS; isa_ liberal Conamis,lon.—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool.

(2.00 D EARNINGS at home by the HARRISON PATENT k_A KNITTING I.lacirmo.-48, UPPER DBOOE-STREET, Man- chester.

PLASTRRERS WANTED, 10d. per hour, no dispute.— Apply MulDttrur sT.,fiareton, or B,Hoeten-etreet,htraud- road, Bootie,

WLMONT SCHOOL.—Wanted Assistant Mistress (Art 50) Standards I. and 11. ; MO.—Apply, E. DEAKIN, Belmont, Bolton.

(-1 OVERNESS-STUDENT required; board in exchange for, 4.11 help with little ones two hours a day.—Miss GREEN. Westbourne-road, West Kirby.

SQT. CATHERINE'S GIRLS' SCHOOL WIGAN.— Wanted, ac Assistant Mistress. musical (Ex-?.T.) salary £42 10—Apply HEAD MISTRESS. ---

wANTED LADIES to MAKE FANCY ARTICLES at hame.Materials provided,good pay. Stamped envelope. WIDNES, 31 Palace Terrace, Fulham.

YOUNG MAN Wanted, 35e. per week and commission; regular work; splendid opening.—Address COMPO WORKS, Farnworth, Bolton, Lancashire.

AMECHICAN ORGA.NS, Jewellery, watches, pipes, toys, hardware, Age ita wanted. Buyer's VVholesale Guide free, write HEIIRY MAY, Merchant, Birmingham.

OBACCONISTS Commencing. See hid. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co.,lB6,Euston-rd., London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free.—Mgr. H.M TEM.

egfgs, Voultrp, Scr.

iliarbißern, dr.

CH I ERWATER AND LLOYD ARE OFFERING- THE BEST VALUE IN THE CITY IN

JEWELLERY, DIAMOND GOODS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, SILVER GOODS, ELECTRO pL ATE, AND W ATCH ES OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS AND SIZES.

SPECIAL AfEENTS FOIL THE FAMOUS WALTEA WATO HES.

ALL DODDS AIIIIND IN i'LAIN Ftatinss, AND QUALITY GUARANTEED.

29, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

§talts bp Vrtbatt rtatp.

WIND GUARDS for gas jets, wont blow out, Patent,with adapter and burner 9d. each, post free.—SisussN, Stanley-road, SLeffiell.

JYTA. for STOPPI MiCAYED and HOLLOW TEETH ; a child can apply It; price 10d.—A. H. TROWEL 29, Fenchurch-street, London.

CANARIES.—High-class BIRDS cheap; grand hens 55., 65.. 7s. 6d. each, pairs 20s. and 15s.—Ii.anwm, 50, Islington. Liverpool.

fIENTLEMA.N'S PNRUMATIO BICYCLII for sale, iludg. make, Dunlop tyres ; good condition; cbeap.— Apply THOMAS WRIGHT, 21, Manley-at., Warrington.

Oel SALE, LANOASHIRB MANURE WORKS at Wldn es with Machinery and 24,420 yards freehold land.—Ad- dress to J. Romani` 16, Fenwlck-street, Liverpool.

I ADIES requiring Children's SMOCKED FROCKS, Silk I. or Cotton. can have them cheap and on approbation from Mrs.PorrkA,ll2,Cornwall-road,Notting tliii,Londoa,W.

SU N INSURANCE OFFICE. FoUNDED 1710. Sum INSUBED Is 1896.-388,952,800.

Forall partitulars apply to the following Agents : WABRINHION Mesars. J. It. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55,Horsemarket- street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2lKing-street Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers

FAMOU!

FAMOUI

FAMOUI

FAItIOU:

FAMOM

FAMOU:

FAMOIJ:

FA11017:

FADIOM

===== 0002601_18980225_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
111

===== 0002601_18980225_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
a

.

IMIE

===== 0002601_18980225_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
6

Camp

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1898.

Iftuotral froStruiranto.

Oaltis bp Zurtion.

CRAND AND SONS High-cia,s PIANOS and ORGANS are the best and cheapest for cash, easy terms, or ex- changed.—Apply at once to J. P. KILGALLON, 62, John-st., Agent for Warrington and District.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITE'S FAMOUS PIANOS.

MILLINERY.

OPENING OF DEPARTMENT.

HENRY MILES

===== 0002601_18980225_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
1 PIANOS

'PIANOS

rPIANOS

!PIANOS

!PIANOS

1 PIANOS

'PIANOS

IPIANOS

!PIANOS

!PIANOS

PIANOS

PIANOS

1 PIANOS

PIANOS

IPIANOS

1 eieNos

IPIANOS

leuffos

rIgNOS

IPIANOS

===== 0002601_18980225_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'PIANOS

!PIANOS

===== 0002601_18980225_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LPIANOS

!PIANOS

===== 0002601_18980225_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
!PIANOS

'PIANOS

FAMOUS

FAMOUS

FAISOUI

FAM OUI

FAM 0 Ul

FAMOII;

FAMOU:

FAMOU

FAMOM

FAMOU:

FAMOU:

FAMOUI

FAMOUS'

FAMOU:

FAMOU:

FAMOU:

FAMOUI

===== 0002601_18980225_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMOUS'

FAMOUS'

HAS NOW OPEN ED

HIS

PIANOS

PIANOS

'PIANOS

===== 0002601_18980225_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW MILLINERY SHOWROOMS

WITH A OOMPLETS STOCK 07 ALL TEE LATEST ENGLISH AND FRENCH NOVELTIES OR EARLY SPRING.

The whole of the NEW PREMISES at the Corner of CHURC H-STRERT and TARLBTON-STREET, LIVER- POOL, will be devoted MATERIALS. to MILLINERY and MILLINERY

NOTE.-QUALITY AND STYLE. AT POPULAR PRICES. COME AND SEE THE WINDOWS CROWDED WITH NEW GOODS SIIITABLii FOR EARLY SPRING.

RIMMED HATS AND BONNETS. FOR LADIES, YOUNG LADIES, AND CHILDREN, SAILORS AND FANCY STRAWS, FEATHERS, FLOWERS. AND FANCY BIRDS, ORNAMENTS IS PASTE, GILT, AND JIM RIBBONS, LACES, CLIIFFON§, AND EVERY FASHIONABLE MATERIAL FOR MILLINERY PURPOSES. SPECIAL SHOW DAYS, THIS DAY (SATURDAY).

ALL NEW GOODS DELIVERED THIS MONTH.

THEyxr - Y Y ORK ROOMS.

The WORKROOMS will be prealded over by MADAME FAIRBANK (French Milliner), a lady of undoubted ability and experience in the best millinery centres In London and Paris, who has had the honour of furnishing millinery on many occasions to members of the English Royal Family.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
r.ll' Cl SHOWROOMS.

The SHOWROOMS win be in charge of THOROUGHLY HIPERIESCED LADIES from the Principal Millinery Rouses of London.

The BUYER and HEAD MILLINER intend VISITING the LONDON and PARIS MARKETS EACH MONTH DURING THE SEASON, so as to place before HENRY MILES'S numerous CUSTOMERS eopies of the LATEST MODELS at PRICES HITHERTO UNKNOWN.

HENRY MILLS, CHURCH-STREET

AND ; TARLETON-STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

piTTs' S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER. THE RENOWNED OENISRAL FURNISHERS.

LATEST PRA'SS OPINION.

"Western Telegraph," of January 1, 1898 "Few houses in Manchester occupied in the same line of busiuess are better known or enjoy a larger share of patronage than that of Samuel Pitts, late of Gaythorn, now ofthondon-road, Manchester, the complete house shop, and office furnisher. It was in 1845 that the present proprietor initiated the business, operations having been first com- menced by him in Brook-street as a cabinet maker and dealer in office furniture. By his energy and ability the concern prospered, and more accommodation becoming necessary, a move was made to the late premises In Gaythorn about 26 years since. Samuel Pitts soon acquired a name for the superior excellence of the goods he supplied, the vast range of selection offered to customers, and the house advanced with rapid strides into a foremost and leading position in the trade. Just recently the Corporation purchased the Gay- , thorn premises for street improvement purposes. and Samuel Pitts had once again to find • fresh fields and pastnres new.' This time his choice tell upen the vast edifice until latterly known as Borough Buildings, situate 100 to 120, London-road, which he has now converted into what is often termed the largest and most convenient general furnishing establishment in Man- chester. The premises occupied are enormous in extent and attractive in appearance, and are prominently and com- mandingly located. They comprise a magnificent frontagit of plate-glass windows, well stocked with high-class goods, together with extens.ve showrooms nearly 300 feet Ling on the ground floor, and offices and counting house. The first, second, and third floors are occupied by a number of stock and showrooms, and extended workshop accommodation is offered by the premises on the opposite side of London-road. The establishment throueliout has been admirably arranged, and thoroughly and elegantly fitted up with every require- ment, including electiic light throughout, hydraulic pas- senger and luggage lift to all floors, for the effective display of the splendid selection of goods, which cannot be surpassed by those of any competitor, either in extent, variety, or , general superiority. In soundness of material, good work- manship, and elegance and novelty of &sign the house has no successful rivals in Manchester, while prices will always be found of the most satisfactory character. The proprietor Is thoroughly acquainted with every eligible source of supply and in addition to his own special make the establishment displays the choicest specimens, both new and secend-hand, of other well-known manufacturers. Samuel Pitts is a thoroughly practical man, and his personal supervision is bestowed upon the business in its entirety, He is able, ener- getic,and courteous in his control, and all his dealings are marked by his methods of strict fairness and honesty. In conclusion, we should strongly advise all furnishing, whether in part or throughout, to pay this establishment a visit. The same civility and courtesy is extended to all, whether buying or not, and the firm's well.known straightforward, syste- matic method ensures all orders being satisfactorily exe- cuted.

PlTTs's HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151, 221, 281. 381, 50, 75,100, up to 1,550 guire is are still unrivaled Fuil particulars and testimonials (..n application. Cash price quoted ; deferred payment by arrangement. Inspection invited.

PITTS'S DINING-ROOM FURNITURE. Best selection; utmost value. Hundreds of suites new and second- hand.

PITTS'S DRAWINCf-ROOM FURNITURE. All leading designs in every cone,ivable covering. Grandest dis- play ever seen.

P- ITTS'S BEDROOM FURNITURE. Solid wood through- out. All fashionable makes. Bedsteads, Mattresses, Bedding, &c.

PITTS'S CARPETS and FLooR COVERINGS. Grandest selection anywhere. All English make. Fitted tree.

PITTS'S PIANOS. Thoroughly reliable, new and second- hand, Grand and Cottage. splendid selection, utmost value, satisfaction assured. Cash or deferred payment.

PITTS'B CYCLES. BASSINETTES, LAMPS, CHINA EARTHENWARE, PICTURES, ENGRAVINGS, CUT- LERY, Bco., &e. Marvellous value.

Ilttblfrationo.

EXTENSIVE ALTERATIONS. SALE! SALE! I

On and after 1-A-NTI-AltY 31st, previous to and during Alterations, THREE SHILLINGS IN THE 2 DISCOUNT, Will be, allowed off all PURCHASES for CASH ONLY, LARCFR QUANTITIES OF GOODS AT LESS THAN HALF-PRICE, EXCEPTIONAL BARGAINS. Jo S. GARLAND, 51, 53. and 55, BRIDGE-STREET, WA.RDINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
TriE EX IiNER.

_FEBRUARY 25th, 1898.

This country is now treated Events of the Week, to a new foreign scare almost every week. The Greek and Cretan questions were prolific sources ot sensational news until they were ousted from the place of honour by the rapid development of events in China. It is now evident that England and Russia, to say nothing of Germany,are not coming to blows over the partitionment of the Celestial Empire, and, very opportunely for the sensation-mongers,a new scene of excitement has been discovered in West Africa. For a few years past there has been a spirited rivalry between British and French pioneers in the exploitation oi the various native kingdoms 'and territories of West Africa, until at length almost all the available land has been claimed, though not always occupied,by one party or the other. Some of these teiritories are claimed by both British and French and at the present time friendly negotiations are in progress in Paris Sor the settlement of these differences. But in spite of this fact telegrams reporting al- leged French aggressions are now and then re- ceived in London, and when these telegrams are read out to the House of Commons by Mr. CHAM- BERLAIN, with all the solemn emphasis he can place upon them, they seem for the moment to provide all the elements of a first-class " crisis." But the country is beginning to look upon Mr. CHAMBERLAIN as the most alarmist member of the whole G overnment. This perverted Radical is now the worst and the most dangerous Jingo in all the Tory party. That even from a Tory point of view he needs a restraining hand is shown by:a very significent incident which happened in the IHouse of Commons on Tuesday. On Monday Mr. CHAMBERLAIN had read out one of the famous telegrams received from an imperial official in , West Africa and had accompanied the message with a few warning and almost threatening words for the special benefit of the French Government aed;people. On Tuesday,however,when the expec- tant Commons asked for further views, Mr. Cunzen, who is the direct representative of Lord SALISBURY, assumed the duty of answering ques- tions, and ix doing so took all the point out. of Mr. CnabaseerAtm's little sensation. The French Government had, it appeared, given a point-blank denial to the charge that they were guilty of any such aggression as that suggested by Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. This made it clear that it any indiscreet French officers had made the forward movement that was complained of, he would be disowned by his own superiors, but as a matter of fact the French Foreign Secretary did not believe that any officer had done anything of the kind. This little Parliamentary incident has a signific- ance which will not escape the attention of the country. It shows, in the first place, that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN is displaying a disposition to em- bitter the relations between this and other ' countries, and particularly with France. As jr WILLIAM HARCOURT put it in hisspeech at Bury on Tuesday, Mr. CHAMBERLAIN "revels in the hot; water which he helps to heat." That is a very] dangerous weakness in a statesman holding the responsible position of Colonial Secretary in a British Ministry, and mistaken as most people think Lord &mammy has been in his dealings with the Greek and some other questions, his methods are infinitely preferable to the reckless pugnacity of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Outside Parliament the most important political event of the week was the speech delivered by Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT at Bury. As might be expected Sir WILLIAM finds a great deal of en- couragement in the results of the bye-elections. These bye-elections show a very remarkable re- action against the Toryism that was rampant in 1895. In the twenty-nine constituencies con- tested there has been an increase of 13,000 in the Liberal votes and a decrease of 2,200 in the Tory vote. This is better from the Liberal point of view than 1892, when there was a Liberal majority in the House of Commons. As Sir W/LLIAM HARCOURT points out A similar turnover of votes at a general election would have extraordinary results. It would mean the entire sweeping away of the Tory majority, and the return to power of the Liberal party. Nor does Sir WILLIAM leave hispolitical opponents in the indisturbed enjoyment of their illusions in reference to Liberal distractions and disunion. That there are now just as there always have been differences of opinion ,in the Liberal party on certain questions may be admitted without any reserve, but that the party is in a position to win seats and to increase its majorities where seats are not won is proved by the logic of events. When the guage of public opinion is applied to all the rumours of disunion in the party they are found to be neither more nor less than sheer nonsense. The Liberal Party is clearly still regarded by probably a majority of the people of this country as the most effective instrument of political pro- gress, and all the signs of the times point to its again being placed in power at the next general election.

TRZ trial of ZOLA, the famou Therial. Zola French novelist, which has attracted T a world-wide attention,has now come to an end. ZOL& has been found guilty of having libelled a French court martial and he has been sentenced to twelve months imprisonment and a fine of three thousand francs. The interest of the trial,however, is to be found in the glimpse which it affords of the extraordinary political and social condition of the French nation at the present time. As most people are aware ZorA is now suf- fering for his advocacy of the cause of Captain DREYFUS, a French officer who was cendemno some three or four years ago to degradation and penal servitude for having, it is alleged, sold French military secrets to a foreign government. DREYFUS was condemned, on secret evidence, by a court martial, and there has since then been a growing opinion both in France and out of it that he was wrongfully convicted. But all questions of the rights and wrongs Of the original trial have been lcst sight of in the pas- sions that have been aroused by the heated controversy of the last two or three years. On the one hand those who have maintained the intiGc- ,ence of DnEyFUs have been charged with assail- ing the honour of the French army, and on the othsr the popular animosity against the unfor- tunate officer has been lashed into fury by the assertions that he, being a Jew himself, had en- deavoured to betray France to her enemies. One result is that the importance of the army has been so magnified in the popular mind that fears of a• military revolution have actually been expressed' in some quarters. Had there, been a General in the French army with a commanding reputation now would have been a favourable opportunity to put himself at the head of the State after the fashion of some other military adventurers. As it is, the result of the Zola trial is considered to be a great victory for the French General Staff-- the first victory, according to one outspoken French journalist, the Staff has won during the • last fifty years. Another consequence of the strong feeling aroused is a threatening movement against the whole of the Jewish resi- dents in France. According to some writers the feeling against the Jews is so bitter that they de- clare it might easily end in a repetition of the St.. Bartholomew Massacres with the Jews instead cf the Protestants as the victims. It is probable, however, that these fears are greatly exaggerated,, and it is quite likely, now the Zola trial is over, , that popular excitement will be allayed almost as quickly as it was raised.

From the annual report of the School Attendance Committee just issued we notice that there is school accommodation for 12,907 children in the Warrington elementary schools. This is,it is stated, ample according to the rules of the Education De- partment. The accommodation is, however, not very conveniently situateu, as in the centre of the town there is room to spare, while on the outskirts of the borough the schools are Overcrowded. There have been or are to be coabiderable enlargements of the school accommodation. The new' Wesleyan infant schools, Liverpool-road are built to accom- date 220 children, the new schools of the Sacred Heart, Whitecross will accommodate 350, and the proposed enlargement of Silver-street school will provide for an additional 160. The number of chil- dren residing within the borough attending school is 12,212. The total grants earned (including draw- ing and fee grants) by the schools in the borough • was £13,932 Os 10d. This is £162 16s 2d more-than the amount earned during the previous year, and gives the sum of .£1 9. 114 for each child in average attendance.

The report of the Chief Constable which has just been issued helps one to realize how many-sided are the duties of the police force. The apprehen— sion of the criminal or reckless does not by any means exhaust the labours of the men in blue. Dur ing the past year, for instance, the police have specially but quietly watched 127 houses during the temporary absence of the residents, and no rob- bery has been reported trom any of these places, This will be an encouragement to heads of familia to notify the police when the time for the annua holiday comes round, or when they propose to leave their domiciles temporarily. unoccupied for one reason or another. Then again the police have in the course of the twelve months restored no fewer than 204 lost children to their parents, and they have similarly dealt with 145 wandering horses cattle and sheep. When on night duty policemen have found 325 shops, warehouses and private houses offering facilities to the prowling burglar by reasons of doors or windows being left unfastened, and no doubt the attention of the owner has been called to the fact in each case. Dogs to the number of =have been seized daring the year. The bulk of them were restored to their owners, but 95 were destroyed and four managed to escape from cus- tody.

The Chief Constable mentions the fact that the police buildings have again been condemned by H.M. Inspector of Constabulary. He (that is the Inspector) "stated that unless immediate steps were taken to provide suitable accensmodation he could not again report the Warrington police establish- ment in a state of efficiency." If the Inspector were to adopt this course it would mean the withdrawal of the sum paid annually by the County Council towards the cost of the borough police, which amounts to half of the £5,957 14s. 9d. which has been spent upon the force. This is a reminder to the Corporation that no time is to be lost in finally deciding upon the site of the proposed new police buildings. It would be better even to build upon the worst site than to lose a grant of between £2,009 and £3,000. The Town Council has now, it will be seen, decided at a private meeting upon the erection of the police buildings at the Old Barracks.. The subject has been a knotty one and has excited avast amount of discussion, but we are disposed to think that the selection that has now been made. Will meet with a pretty general approval.

Mr, Justice Hawkins has made some pertinent remarks in a case of man-slaughter by a footballer while playing, which was heard at Leicester Assizes this week, and few people,—even followers of the game of football,—will dissent from his utterances, In charging the grand jury the Judge said he had been provided with :a 'copy of rules !of the Foot— ball Association, but these had nothing whatever to do with the case. If the rules of ,the football pro- vided that one man was entitled to knock down another, and he did so and killed his victim, it would still be man-slaughter. In short no rule of any society could over-ride the law of the land. While prepared to admit all this a great amount of commiseration would have been felt fc the unfortunate young delinquent had 156 been punished for his unwitting killing of another. It is therefore pleasing to and that, though convicted of manslaughter, he was 0011! bound over to come up for jud„cment when called) upon. isir.Justice Hawkins took fresh opportuna' in pronouncing sentence to pcint out that "Those who were disposed to play roughly hi football, and ' commit acts of violence upon men who stood in

_/ .

p

~ ;.! ~i'? / Lot i

Sheir way, in order to further their interests by gaining points, must remember this—that if a man Wilfully caused grievous bodily harm to another, Rnd thereby caused his death, his crime would be 7aotlmanslaughter but murd3r,therefore tho,e who 'play e d this dangerous game, and were inclined to play roughly, must lnware that they did not ex- ceed that which they were allowed to do by the law or they would get into serious trouble:' Perhaps this warning will tend to influence those possessed of it, not to use their superior strength or skill in the rough handling of an opponent. A large number of the accidents—happily usually only of a minor character—which occur on the football flelcl,might be avoided by a little refl2ction on the possible issue of undue violence.

At Stockton Heath there is some little effort be- ing made to persuade property owners into a com- prehension of the dangers attending the use of privy middens, and the superiority in sanitary and Other respects of the modern water closet. Sanita- tion is making great strides all over the country, but its innovations and improvements are princi- pally confined to the towns, and the wise action of tha Stockton Heath Parish Council is one which Should commend itself very strongly to similar bodies. Many of:our:country parishes are in a de- plorable state as regards sanitary and all !natter per- taining to healthy existence,but Stockton !death is far removed from such a c,)ndition. Yet there is ?loom for improvement, and this fact being evident to the body having control of the affairs of the parish, steps are being taken in the direction indi- Cated. It will, perhaps. Strengthen their bands in such action if we quote a paragraph bearing directly on the matter, from the 'British Medical Journal." This great authority says "It is astonishing how long P,0n:1,3 of our northern- towns have clung to such abominations as privy Zaiddens,and how tenacioully the property owners adhere to the sanitary ideals of fifty years ago. During a recent apneal case before the Salford Hundred Sessions,Professor Deltspine mentioned in evidence that he had found in two samples of earth Collected by the sanitary inspector from crevices of , the ashpit the bacilli of typhoid fever. Since the adoption of notification Dr. Crocker has had 325 Cases of typhoid fever reported from houses with Midden privies and only 25 ftom those with water Closets."

•

===== 0002601_18980225_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

GRA_PPRNHALL CHURCH. The statement of accounts of the recent concerts held in the Large Room, to provide curtains,dm,for the chum} , has been issued. Mrs. Deakin's tableaux vivants concert realised a profit of £8 55., and the annual tea and entertainment £2O is. 2d. LANCASHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS AND EXHIBITIONS, 1898. _

The Lancashire County are offering for Competition in April next, the following scholar- ships of £6O each :—Ten science, three art, five Commercial, one music, two senior agriculturaloand live junior agricultural, £3O each; also the follow- ing exhibitions of £lO each:—Thirty science,twenty- Seven art, thirty commercial, five music,ten agricul- tural, and sixty junior science and commercial. ST. PAITL'S SATURDAY EVENING CONCERTS. This series of concerts was continued on Satur- day, an exceptionally attractive programme having been provided. The Vicar (the Rev. H.V.Pigot) was in the chair. The vocalist; and instrumentalists "were Mr. Arthur Sherwood, Mr. and Miss Birchall, Mr. Harry Smith, Miss Pemberton, Miss Annie Chantry, and Mr. Wilkes, all of whom acquitted themselves satisfactorily. Especial praise is due to 3i4r. Sherwood, who gave a very clever conjuring entertainment. SUNDAY EVENING TEMPERANCE LECTURES. In consequence of the great success of the Sun- day evening lantern addresses, a second series was Commenced on Sunday evening, in the Co•operative Winwick-street. There was a very large at- tendance. Mr. O'Brien occupied the chair. Mr.E. Cravrshavv, of Liverpool, gave several recitals and also an address,illustrated by lantern views, exhi- bited by Mr. H. Taylor, police court missionary. STOM.—Heating and Conking.—GamArrn, Iron mo at, Bridge-street, Warrington. YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. On Sunday the Lecture Hall was full at the banal weekly P.S.A. meeting, and a number of new %leathers were enrolled. Mr. Jenkins presided, and nave a short and interesting address. Mrs Atherton 13;5ng two solos," The Children's Home," and 'Light 1,11 Darkness," which were much appreciated. Mr tnes Evans, of Warrington, was the speaker, his ...address being listened to with attention. The rresident spoke of the good the Benevolent Fund Was doingin times of sickness and distress. Mr. F. Ilickman was the accompanist, and Mr. Harding and Mr. Tanner took part in the meeting. Fo r NAB B BROOCHES, solid silver name brooches 10 *UT name (Government stamped. Presents or Articles os Yourself, you may visit DEBERT'S, 10. CHURCH-ST d BET LIVERPOOL, where you can vet hundreds of articles such as Watches, Clocks, Jewellery. Rleetro-Plate, Cut erv,Purses Pocket Knives, etc ,at wholesale prices. See advertisement 'lllustrated Chronograph Watch, 6s. 11d., etc.) on page 6o Ms Paper.— Sclet FIRE IN A PRINTING SHOP. About half-past two on Saturday afternoon a girl attendant in the shop of Messrs. Leigh Bros., prin- ters and stationers, Buttermarket-et., Warrington, discovered a fire smouldering in the printing shop. She immediately informed Police-constable John Cooper, who with exemplary promptitude procured two buckets of water and dashed them on the burn- ing material, apparently waste paper. The fire had, however, got a hold which Nailed his efforts, and the fire brigade, who were just turning out for Practice, were soon on the scene, and promptly ex- tinguished the fire. Considerable damage was done to the printing shop, machinery, and fittings. LAMPS. —GiarAND's, Bridge-street, Warrington. THE INDEPENDENT LABOUR PARTY. -

On Sunday evening, at the weekly meeting of the above in the Druids' Hall, Sankey-street, Mr. T. R. Garside (Oldham), taking as his text the phrase ==Locks, bolts, and bars." delivered an address on • e Ethics of Socialism. The ideal of Socialists, he pointed out, was equity and justice to all. Their greatobject was to insure to the great mass of man- kind the fullest advantages incident to their adven- t. eing progress and civilisation ;to develop both in the individual and the State the highest morality of 'Which they were capable. They contended that their - Int social system barred their moral pro-

presei system tEirreu ... grass, and forced the individual into anti-social action; while the realization of Socialism would ar,ry them to a horizon from which they would be ...Le both to see and choose the way to a higher, !sob aed brighter life, in which the morality of 'ha despised Nazarene should influence every act. ANCIENT ORDER OE FORESTERS. An interesting event took place on Saturday evening in connection 'with Court Mercy, 240 of the above order, at the Corporation Inn. Members assembled to witness the presentation of a ribbon of honour and a Past Chief Ranger's jewel of hon- our to Bro. Peers Brimelow,who had completed his twelve months' service as president of the court. in making the presentation Bro. 0. Maybury re- . erred to the many years' service which Bro. Berne - !,017 had rendered to the Court. Ele had done use- Jul work as auditor, and had also filled many other Positions of usefulness. It would be a pleasant re- ,Tection to him that he had held the position of vs lef Ranger during the year in which her Majesty b-e queen had celebrated her Diamond Jubilee. He .I°Ped Bro. Brimelow would have health to enjoy .0 honours with which he had been entrusted. Bre. Davies, the secretary of the court and district, Tso made reference to the work Bro. Brimelow bad eue, and to the excellent example set him by his tZtber, the late Bro. Peers Brimelow, who had held I,"ea,Dosttion of secretary for 25 years, until failing 334Lth compelled him to retire. He hoped Bro, in tilhlelow would always manifest the same interest ine„,2 court. Bro. Peers Brimelow thanked the —uers for their kindness. Although he had ,Pas:e_d through the various positions to reach the ,`,:rB"-"fl:iresident, he shoald not retire from active vice, but should take the same interest as he had Itherto done.

DELICIOUS MAZAWATTETI TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEII TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTRE TEA DELICIOUS BIAZAWATTEE TEA DELICIOUS MAZ aWATTEE TIIA 5 Sobs by HENUT MILLINO and CO , liorsemaelret-street, and Corporation Buildings. Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington.

RUN `JOR N AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.

On Sunday evening at the meeting of the above Society held in the League Rooms, Irwell-lane, a very pleasant evening v. as spent. The president, Mr. William Wood gave some very interesting readings which caused roars of laughter. The chaplain, the Rev, Father Gore also contributed to the enjoyment of the evening by giving several selections from the works of Waugh. The meet- ing closed with the usual votes of thanks.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
/

ENE

, ; 1 1, I AhNift-

===== 0002601_18980225_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH AT RUNCORN.

On Thursday the police bad reported to them the sudden death of the five months old child (George) of George Bott, of Lyon-street, Runcorn. The child was put to sleep on Wednesday morning, he appearing in his usual health. Next morning it ate its food and shortly afterwards the mother sim that it was ill. Dr. McLennan was sent for but before his arrival the child had expired. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS.

Under thep residency of Mr. Simister two papers were given by Linaker and Mr. Unsworth entitled res- pectively " Russian Peasant,"and "Phonography." The papers were well received and were highly creditable for a maiden efforts. Both subjects were treated in an admirable style considerable knowledge being brought to bear on the subject by the individual essayists. They re- ceived words of encouragement to persevere from Messrs. Fonldes J. D. Bisbrown, T. Saunders and G. Hayes. Both replied to the various criticisms in an able manner.

THE NEW VICAR OF HOLY TRINITY, RuNconx. The induction of the Rev. Charles Richard Knack to the vicarage of the Holy Trinity, Runcorn,took place on Saturday afternoon. A special service was held in the church at which a large number of clergymen were present. On Sunday the new vicar read himself in, and formally subscribed to the 39 articles. In the evening he preached from the texts, "Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity (Psalm cxxxiii); and (St. John's epistle iv. 10).

===== 0002601_18980225_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRAIN IN FLAMES. AT RUNCORN.

_ A the four owr,ck goods train from Liverpool to s Crewe was ascendiag Bitten Bank at five o'clock on Friday morning a waggon was cbsorved to burst into flames. A signAtnan telegraphed a warning to Runcorn, and on arrival there the waggon was promptly placed under a water column and the fira extinguished, uot, however, befole the contents were destroyed and the waggon considerably damaged. As the waggen was sheet:d the origin oF the fire is considered to he very mysterious. The waggon contained a number of crates filled with straw. These were entirely consumed,and the sides of the waggon were very much charred.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OLD OFFENCE.

Before Mr. Taylor and Mr. W- Timmins at the Runcorn Police Court on Wednesday morning, Henry Ridge was charged with having on the 22nd August 18915 kept a diqorderly hope in Hitchmough Court, Runcorn, and Mary Ba.nett was charged with aiding and abetting. Superintendent Okell said when the summonses were issued prisoners decamped from the town, and a warrant was taken out and sent to Garston, Salford, and Manchester, hut the police did not succeed in apprehending them. On Wednesady night however they came to the Police Station and gave themselves up. p,C. Wylie proved the case and the prisoners were each sentenced to a month's imprisonment with hard labour.

REFRACTOR/ CONVICT AT DUTTON WORICHOWSE. Before Sir Richard Broke (chairman), and Messrs. F. J. Norman and P. Srmakrnan, at the Runcorn Police Court, Margaret Antrobus was charged with breaking two panes of glass at Dutton Workhouse on the 19th February, and also with refusing to perform the task of work allotted to her whilst she was a casual pauper in the workhouse on the same date.—Mr. Cunnah, work house master, said the prisoner was about 20 years of age. She had been in the house since 20th July 1896. She had been in and out for years. On the 19th February she was in the casual ward. Sho refused to do her work, namely pick ilbe. of oakum. She used bad language and broke two panes ef glass. (The Prisoner : I broke 6.) The magistrates committed her to prison for two months with hard labour, a month on each charge.

RUNCORN CONGREGATIONAL BAND ON ROPE.

On Wednesday evening the fortnightly meeting of the abovo Band of Hope Society was held in the schcedroom, the Rev. J. Osborn) presiding. There was a large atten- dance of parents and children. Mr. Andrew McFarlane recited in a very interesting manner " When the Sabbath Bells are ringing." Miss Lindop gave a song, and Miss May Kenyon gave a very excellent recitation. Mr. J. D. Jones delivered a very racy and picturesque adi,ress on the enormous amount of money expended on drink. Ho gave statistics showing that it would take eleven years, starting from Runcorn through England, France, and to Central Africa, laying down every second a sovereign, and thee over 600 sovereigns would be left. Mr. Osborne expressed his obligations to Mr. Jones for his excellent addrese and the meeting con- cluded. OUGHT A WOMAN TO HAVE A VOTE P At the meeting ef the Runcorn Congregational Church Guild on Wednesday evening, the above was the title of a paper introduced by Mrs. Osborne, wife of the pastor, the Rev. J. Osborne. Tne essayist stated that taxation and representation ought to go together, and since there were women householders and women who possessed property in their own rigtts they ought to be repre- sented in Parliament. A discussion was led by Mr. William Handley who, although he raised one or two objections, agreed that it was only right and just that women should have the power to vote. Mrs. Baker warmly advocated the suffrage of women. Miss Clayden, Mr. Brookes Handley, Mr. Morris, Mr. E. Speakman,Mr. Hutton, and Mr. Beck (the Chairman) also spoke in favour of the essayist's views. Mr. Beck put the ques- tion to the meeting and it was carried by a large major- ity,there being only one dissentient voice.

FUNERAL OF MR. W. S. PRITCHARD, OF WIDNRS. On Friday,the remains of the late Mr. W. S. Pritchar I, 58 years manager of the Lancaehire metal works Widnes, was interred at the Farnworth Parish Church. The deceased gentleman had been a sufferer for some months from heart disease and dropsy, and despite the careful attentions of Dr. Donnelley, with Drs. Barr, Robinson, and Eatock in consultation, he expired en Wednesday morning at his residence, Greenbank, Farnworth. He has been a resident in Widnes for about SO years, and during 28 years of that time he acted as manager of the Laiicashire metal works. Previous to that be resided in Runcorn, where he received his training as an engineer, under the late Mr. Ebenezer Timmins. He was deeply respected in the district, and his death is a distinct loss. Principal amongst the mourners were Messrs. Joseph W. Pritchard (son), Joseph Pritchard (brother),Rancorn ; J. Williams, F. Wareing, Liverpool ; G. Pritchard, and the Rev. H. Roberts. There were also present the Mayor (Alderman Wareing), Major Lewis, Messrs. J. Morrison (district manager of the United Alkali C 0.,) C. Dritfield, M. L. Davies, P. Tallon, J. Taylor, G. o,gg, Councillors Christie and Hemingway, Drs. Donnelly, Eatock, and McLennan, Messrs. ,T. Hedley, T. Minton, J. W. White, T. Cosier, J. Roberts, J. Deakin, G. A. Forster, T. Had- dock (Runcorn), Whitehead (Liverpool), McGregor (St. Helens), C. and W. Linaker (Frodsham), G. E. Sayce, J. P. Fraser, and 0. G. Kyle. There was also a good at- tendance at the graveside.

ST. EDWARD'S DAT SCROOLS.-11IISULT OF EXAMINATIONS. On Sunday evening at St. Edward's Catholic Church, Runcorn, the pastor, the R-v. Father Gore read the 24th annual report of the religious examinations in the dio- cese of Shrewsbury for 1897. The report stated that the Catholic population of the diocese (which includes the whole of Cheshire and a part of Staff ardshire) continued to increase steadily. In 1895 there were 45,825 Cathe- lies, in 1896, 46,568, and in 1897, 47.034. The infant baptisms for the year amounted to 1,935, 1 more than in the preceding year, and 49 more than in 1895. Multi- plying the number of infant baptisms by 25, the esti- mated population ot the diocese woald be, according to the ordinary rule of proportion, 48,375. The inspector's report on the recent religious examination at the Run- corn Catholic School is as follows :—" The teacher has again succeeded in obtaining excellent results. The children proved themselves well equipped for battle, for their answers were prompt, accurate and very intelli- gent. Their readiness—notably the children of Stan- dard V.—to answer the queries proposed to them was ample proof that they had received from the mistress a thorough knowledge of the eubjects for examination. There was a decidedly marked improvement this year in the religious instruction of Standard HI. which was a matter for congratulation. A. deservedly excellent , result. The scholars awarded prizes were, Standard 1., 1 Isabella Countens ; Standard 11, Frank Hunt ; Standard 111., Edward Stanton ; Standard IV., William Naugh- ton •, Standard V., James Hunt. Religious emblems in good order." The Bishop's remarks are appended : " The Inspector's report speaks sufficiently without further comment than to hope the school may ever merit so excellent a return."—Tbe secular report of the ex- aminations on the same Standards under the head- mistress Miss Barry reads :—" The advance made dur- ing the past year has been more than maintained. The school is now doing exceedingly well both in the elemen- tary and class subjeets."—The religious report of the in- fant school under the mistress Miss Hodgson reads "The infant school continues to maintain the high standard of excellence of last year. An excellent result. The religious emblems in good order." The Bishop's remarks appended are :—" In every way most satis- factory."

ECZEMA, MOST TORTURING OF SKIN humours, is instantly relieved, and speedily and p; rmanently cured by warm baths with CIITICIIRA SOAP, gentle an- ointing with CUTlCtilia (Ointment), the great F kin cure, followed by full doses of CUTICURA RE9OLVENT, greatest of blood purifiers and humour cures, when physicians, hospitals,and all other remedies fail. More great cures of torturing. disfiguring Eczema are daily mado by CUM CUR& remedies than by all other skin and blood remedies combined. The best physicians endorse and pzescribe them, chemists everywhere recommend them, and they are guaranteed absolutely pure by. the highest authori- ties, whose certificates of analysis accompAny every package.

THE RUNCORN CHARITY MINISTRELS. On Wednesday next the Charity Minstrels combined with the Runcorn Prize Midget Minstrels will give an en- tertainment in the Public Hall. The troupe have ac- quired a reputation in seval entertainments recently given and there is a treat in store for those who will be present. Particulars are advertised. HALTON WESLEY GUILD. At Balton Wesley Guild on Monday, Mr. Albert Rowe in the chair, a paper was read by Mr. J. D. Jones en- titled " Success in life." The paper was admirable from every point of view being both instructive and interest- in2. There was a good discussion at the close, all testi- fying to the benefit received from the paper. A vote of thanks was passed, Mr. J. D. Jones replying suitably.

PICKWICK LITER,IRY CLUB. The members of the above spent together a pleasant intellectual evening on Tuesday last. Several topics 'which afforded some good discussion were introduced by the members under the style of "Question Box," "Is conscription necessary in England" ? " Which has the greatest influence on human nature, the fear of punishment, or the hope of reward "? were subjects which were ably discussed by Messrs. Booth, Millinger, Millington, Hayes, Saunders and others. " CHELL" AGRIN BEFORE THE NW/MR/LEES. At the Runcorn Police Court, ots Wednesday morning, before Mr. S. Taylor ard Mr. W. Timmins, Frederick Chell, hawker, and an old offender was charged with be- ing (drunk and disorderly in Penketh-lane the previous night.—P.C. Hughes stated that ,risoner had only been out of gaol a few days. His wife was living apart from him in a house in Penketh-laue. The previous night Chell Was knocking at the windowsof the Wane in which his wife lived and creating a disturbance. The magis- trates committed prisoner to gaol for a month with hard labour. RUNCORN BOATMAN IN TROUBLE.—ARTIFICIAL RESPIRA-

TION FOR A DROWNING DOO. At Altrincham Police Court on Thursday,John Forster, a Runcorn boatman. was charged with the theft ot a Schipperke dog, valued at £2O, the property of James Darwoll Hepworth, Broadireath. The evidence was that the prisoner, who was passing along the canal at Broad- heath, on Wednesday, picked the dog up and secured it. He was arrested at Stockton Heath. Prisoner repudi- ated ths theft, and said the dog fell into the water and he was the means of saving its life. He used artificial respiration. The prisoner was discharged.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
DRUNK AND DISORDERLY AT RUNCORN.

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday before Sir Richard Brooke (chairman), Mr. F. J. Norman, ad Mr. E. Speakman, Sarah Barlow was charged with being drank and disorderly in Halton-road on the 12th inst.— Defendant pleaded guilty and was fined 5g and costs.— James Robinson was fined 10s and costs or 14 days with hard labour in default for twing drunk and disorderly in Church-streeton saturday night.—Elarry Parker for a similar offence in Church-street was fined ss. and costs or seven days in default. BILLIARD MATCH AT WIDNES. A team of twelve members of the Runcorn Liberal Club visited Widnes and played the return billiard snatch with the Liberals of that town. Widnes were successtul in winning by 204. Tney secured nine games out of the twelve played. Messrs. Quinnoitterwell, and F. Deakin played well for Widnes as also did H. Wright and E. Johnson for Runcorn. The Cheshire men won at home by 314,leaving them winners on the two matches by 110. The following are the individual scores , RUNCORN. WIDN6S. W B Brown .................. 62 P Quinn H Barnes ..................... 130 J Sadler l5O W Wright 99 J Atterwell J Elliot 135 T Whe]an l5O H Wright l3O H Deakin 63 W Grounds B Johnson J Stone 123 J Sproston

ililuies 96 1e Wright l5O R W Wright 144 J Travers l5O T Carruthers A Worrall l5O T Matinion 1650

-- 1445

ST. JORN'',.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, RUNCORN.

The single lady members of the congregation of the above church held a " happy evening" on Wednesday in the schoolroom,Victoria-road. The proceedings com- menced with tea,the tables being presided over by seve- ral ladies. After tea a concert was held, Miss Pritchard presiding. Miss Bessie Harrop rendered in pleasing style " Beloved, it is morn." Tableaus were exhibited repre- senting I—Justice, Mercy, and Peace ; ll—Pride of the Market; 111 —April, May, and June; Scene I—Three Merry Young MAids ; Scene ll—Three Happy Old Maids I—Old Clock on the Stairs; ll—Scene I—Friendship Scene ll—Broken Friendship; Scene lll—United Friend ship ; lll—Gipsy Group ; IV—So Sleepy. These were particularly fine and were all applauded, and for the second half the following was the programme, all the artistes acquitting themselves very creditably :—Violin solo, " Romance," Miss Edith Morris ; drill, " The Japanese Fan," The Girls ; chorus, " Kind words can cheer the heart," The Ladies ; pianoforte duett, "Italia," Misses Jones and Harrop ; dialogue, " The Countries," recitation, " The Farewell Greeting," girls ; concluding song, " Good-night," The Ladies ; " God save the Queen." PRIMITIVE METKODIET OW:JEER, RI:MOEN In connection with the Primitive Methodist Church, Greenway-road, Runcorn, a tea and concert were held in the ethoolroom. There was a very large attendance at tea, the tables being presided over by several ladies. After tea the concert was given, the proceedings being presided over by Mr. W. J. Coombs, of Northwich. In the course of a very brief speech, Mr. Coombs referred to his previous connection with the Primitive Methedistis of Runcorn,and said he had not lost interest in the Run- corn church although be lived in North wich. He then called on Mrs. Cotterill to make a presentation. Mrs. Lottarill in a few words said she had been deputed by the members of the Bee-hive Sewing Class to hand over to the trustees of the church a piano, and a sewing machine which the members had purchased with the results of their work. Mr. J. Wilson accepted the gifts on behalf of the trustees, and expressed his thank- fulness on their behalf. He hoped the sewing machine would not rust for the want of its being used. The Misses Wilson gave a pianoforte duett entitled" Dresdla." Mr. H. Pilgrim sang " Mona" in a pleasing style. " Anchored "by Mr. T. Williams was well received as also was the rendition of the duett " All that we I were Maying " by the: Misses F. Hill, and B. Williams. Mr. Smith gave several songs, and a violin solo by Mr. H. Cotterill called forth the applause of the audience. Mr. Dwerryhouse caused roars of laughter with his stump oration. Mr. J.Stubla'a song "True Tar" was pleasingly rendered and Missl Wilson with "The Miller and the Maid " delighted:the audience as was shown by the reception they gave her. "This and That," a duet by the Misses A. Sayle and As Shin gler was well rendered. A humorous sketch, en- titled "Cheap Jack "given by Messrs. T. Sayle and J. Bell set the company in a state of uncontrollable laugh- ter. The evening's entertainment concluded with a can- tata, entitled the "Rescue of Red Riding Hood " by the children of the Beehive Sewing Class. The children ac- crsitted themselves in a remarkable manner, and great praise is due to Miss Wilson who had uadert ook the task of training them, WIDNHE EISTEDDFOD —RUNCORN .SUCCE9SES

The third annual Widnes Eisteddfod was held in the Drill 11411,0 n Thursday. There were competitions in music literature, science, art, &c., and no fewer than 268 com- petitors entered in contest for the numerous prize: offered. The following Runcorn peonle were successful. Miss Johnson,for soprano solo ; the Lyric Glee Party for part song • Mr. Ambrose Shingler, for baritone solos The concluding competition,and the one awaited with the keenest interest was the "chief choral competition,' "As the hart pants " (Meuilelssohn), for which three choirs had entered, all from Runcorn. viz., Halton-road (44 voices, conductor Mr. Robert Yates), St. Paul's (36 voices, Mr, B. Crosby), and Bethesda (33 voices, Mr. Horace W. Handley), They sang in the order named and each was loudly applauded.—Mr. Roberts, in giving his adjudication,said the first choir (Halton-road) started in fine style with good intonation, and all the voices followed admirably. The expression was well marked and all the climaxes were splendidly reached. The choir was admirably balanced, and the voices in all the parts were fresh and pure. The singing was natural and the intonation perfect from beginning to end. The general effect was highly creditable. He had pleasure in award- ing the prize (ze 6s. and a mahogany clockwork met- ronome for the conductor) to this choir (loud ap- plause.)

This may well be described as the age of dyspepsia, for who is there that has not felt the pangs of indiges- tion? whether in the changeable climate of England, or in hot countries, where the attempt is often made to accommodate the climate to the bill-of-fare, instead of the diet to the changed conditions of atmosphere. Anti- dotes are legion, but hot water, containing the proper proportion of Condy's Fluid, is admitted to be the simp- lest and best all-round remedy, in )(105t cases attacking the root of the evil,and acting as a preventive as well as a cure. Many are well acquainted with the megical effect of Condy's Fluid as a speedy cure for sore throat, this preparation being highly recommended by the faculty, and a favourite with such eminent specialists for the throat as the late Sir Morell Mackenzie and Sir George Johnson,

Aa outbreak of anthrax among cattle has occurred at Oakmere, Cheshire, and eight fat stock on the farm of Mrs. Snelson, Delarnere Ledge, have die. Every endea- vour is being made to prevent the spread of the disease. The medical officer of the North wich Rural Council has taken the necessary steps to secure perfect isolation, The ',Standard" correspondent Moscow telegraph The Empress has been seized with an attaak of measles. The disease, howsver, is of a mild form, and no bulletins will be issued. Judging from the progress made by the E npress'a aister the Czarina's speedy recovery may be anticipated.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. •

===== 0002601_18980225_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25 1898. WARRINGTON UNION NEW INFIRMARy.

LAYING THE FOUNDATEON STONES. Thursday may be regarded as one of the Red Letter days in the history of the Warrington Union for it was on that day that the foundation stones of the new infirmary were laid. The necessity for a larger:and improved infirmary to meet the growing requirements of the Union has been long felt,and it has been pressed home on the Guardians by the Local Government Board inspectors from time to time. During the past three years the subject has been repeatedly discussed by the Board of Guardians, and last year it was determined to issue tenders for a building which would meet the requirements of the Union for many years to come. Mr, Davenport, of Stockton Heath, succeeded in being selected as the builder, and the whole of the foundations of the buildinge( which will cost about .C24,ooo),have been laid. It may be well at this point to give a brief description of the proposed infirmary buildings. The Infirmary will stand upon 51 acres of land immediately behind the present Workhouse pre- mises. It will be reached from Lovely-lane, through Monks-street. There will be no connection between the grounds of the present Workhouse and this new Infirmary until the buildings are completed and ready For occupation. The present contracts will deal with three large blocks of buildings, standing some 70it. apart, but being connected on each floor with open air corridors 101 t. wide. The central will be the administrative block, three stories high, and the two outer blocks will be ward pavilions, each two stories high. Under the whale of the buildings there will be a basement for access to heating and water pipes and for special purposes of ventilation and the securing of dryness. The administrative block will give accomo lation on the ground floor for the medical officer, head nurse, dispensary,wait- ing room, nurses sitting and dining rooms' linen and other stores, and on the first and second floors there will be a large number of bedrooms and other apartments for the housing of the nursing stafteach floor being fitted with baths, lavatories and closets. Both from the ground and from the first floors can access beaobtained frem this administrative build- ing, by the corridors before spoken of, to the pavi- lions, the nurses remaining in the pavilions during the time they are cm duty and returning to the ad- ministrative block when they are off duty. Access can also be obtained from the administrative block to the different airing yards, where convalescents may be sitting out or exercising. 'Die public entrance will be in the centre of the administrative bloek, and it is on each side of the public entrance door a foundation stone has been laid. The other two blocks will be ward pavilions, one for males and the other for females,each accom- modating 92 bedsor a total of 184. In each block there are two warfs of 24 beds, two wards of 18 beds,two wards of four heds,and six wards of three beds each, and each set of wards has its separate arrangement for baths, lavatories, and closets. The large amount of staircase and corridor accommoda- tion and air space required makes these pavilions each about 240 feet long. There are also ward kit- chens,linen roorns,separation lobbies, and lifts. All wards will be heated by open fireplaces, or central open fire Musgrave stoves, but in every case will this heating be augmented by hot water pipes or ra- diators. The floors throughout will be fireproof of Messrs. HOWOM and Rogers' construction, and al- though the buildings will be well equipped with stone staircases, there will be also an outer stair of iron,in each case giving from each ward or room a choice of two staircases in case of fire.

When further accommolation is required it will be obtained by erecting other pavilions, which will again be reached by open air corridors, and the total accommodation of the pavilions now erecting and those to be erected in the future, as sanctioned by the Local Government Board, will be for 320 beds, with an additional 20 beds in the present In- fectious Diseases Hospita., which it is proposed at some day to convert into a Maternity Hospital, giv- ing the grand total of 340 beds.

The contract entered into with Nil% C. W. Daven- port, of Stockton Heath, is for the erection of the three blocks named, and their connecting corridors, exclusive of the hot water and heating, and exclu- sive of the water supply for tire extinguishing pur- poses, but including the boundary walls, and amounts to -£23,266. Externally, hard grey brick will be used,with a sparing allowance of terracotta and red pressed brick dressings. Internally, the walls are covered either with her 1 plaster of a par- ticular flaish,or tiles. The character or style of the work, owing to the requirements of large window areas and judicious economy, is necessarily some- what severe, but in the designing, outline has been studied,and it is judged that from this more effect will be obtained than from expensive detail, which would be useless. The works have been designed and are under the care, during their progress, of the architects, Messrs. William and Seger Owen, of Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
LAYING THE STONES.

Fine weather favoured the ceremony on Thursday afternoon, when the Chairman of the Beard (Mr. GorgeGorge Pilling) and the Chairman of the Infirmary Committee (Mr. William Houghton.J.P.),laid the foundation stones. They were accompanied on the improvised platferin by C. e members et the Board of Guard tans and officiels,and the proceedings were witneesee by a large number of the general public. Amoneet teeeet present were the Mayor (Alderman Wright), Mr. and Mrs Pilling, Mr. William Houghton, J.P, Mr and Mrs. T. Halton, Mrs. Clay, the Rev. H. V Pigot (chaplain at the Workhouse),Rev. T.R. Matthews (Esrleatcwn), Rev. J. H. Riddette (El sydock), Dr. and Mrs. Braide and Miss Braide, Dr. Patterson (Earlestnwn),Dellennett (Pacleate),Messrs.J.W Knowles Jeieph Koowles, (chairman of the Runcorn Union), J. Gibson (formerly member of the Board for Grappenhall township) A. J Jolley. A. Jolley,Joshua Ball. J. Clarke, (Earlestown),VVilliam Efiekman,A.Leng.H.Elibbert(Elay. dock), J. Warburton (Burtonwood), Thomas Mather (Bold), T. B. Malkin, G. Thompson, E. L. Bent (E tries- town). J. C. Sutton (clerk to the Board), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), T. H. Sutton, C. 11. Ward (workhouse master). Mrs. Ward (matron) Miss Ward (schoolmis- tress), Mr. and Mrs. Wright (Pa Irate schools), T. Gar. nett, B. Shearer, F. 11. Auhland, and T. Bowes (relieving officers), Messrs. William and Smear Owen (architects), G. W. Davenport, G. Hoiford, F. Kerfoot. Councillor Woods. W. Denham, J. Evans, J. Tilling. William Ash- croft, Mr. and Mrs. Bankes, Mr. and Mrs. A. Wright, Mr. G. Watkins and others. The members of the Board assembled near the Boardroom, and then marched in processional order to the site of the new buildings,headed by the Padgate Industrial Brass Rand. In commencine the proceedings, Mr. J. C. Sutton said the two stenos about to be laid as founeation stones of that new infirmary vroold be laid by Mr. 0-vireo Pil- ling and Mr. William Houghton respective!V. He would , ask Mr. Owen, the architect to present to the chairman of the Board (Mr. Pilling), the trowel wherewith to lay the first stone. Mr. Owen then presented Mr. Pilling with a silver ' trowel bearing' a Silitahlil inscription, and supplied by Mr. A. Woods' of Seokev-street. In doing so he said he would take the opportunity of explaining to those present where the new buildings would be situate. Mr. Owen prnceeded to briefly describe the new buildings and the accommodation it was intended to provide. He further remarked that all would know and feel that it was a groat work in which they were engaged. The buildings were for housing the very poor and those who were sick and ill in the best possible manner. They would there re- ceive every possible comfort and under the best cir- cumstances possible. Unfortunately many who would enter those buildings were waiting for the end, and it was only merciful on the part of the ratepayers and the Guardians, who represented them.that these poor people should end their days as peaceably and comfortably as possible. (Applause.) He had the greatest p'easure in handing the trowel to the Chairman of the Board. (Ap- plause.) Mr. PILLING then laid the stone which bore the in- scription : " This stone was laid by George Pilling, Req.. Chairman of the Board of Guardians, 24th Feb., Mi." It may be :stated that underneath the stone the current issues of the three Warringten newspapers and a few coins were laid. During the precess of laying the ' stone into position, Mr. Filling caused some amusement by using the expression to the men working the derrick to "lower off." On the completion of the work,Mr. Pit- ling declared the stone to he well sod truly laid,snd said he didn't think he had laid a better stone in his life. (Applause.) Mr. DAYENPoRT afterwards stepped f -Tweed, and said as the builder ef the Infirmary he bad Very great plea- sure in presenting Mr. William Houghton with a trowel for the purpose of laying the second foundation atone of the building. (Applause.) 1 Mr. Wm. HOUGHTON laid the stone on which was cut the following inscription" Thin stone was laid by William Houghton, Esg , J P., chairman of the Rtwal District Council, and of the infirmary Committee, the 24th February, 1898." On the completion of the work the band struck up the National Anthem. Mr. Houghton afterwards made a short speech in which he stated that his colleagues had made for him the proudest momenta of his life in asking him to take that proceeding in hand which he had just endeavoured to accomplish. The work in which they were engaged merited their com- mendation and deserved all the kindness they could put . into it. He hoped that the completion of the hospital I 1 might be accomplished without accident. (Hear, hear.) The interesting ceremony was brought to a conclusion by the prayers being offered by the Rev, H. V. rigot.

With

===== 0002601_18980225_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

In a very short time the ratepayers of the town will be celled upon to select representatives to look after their interests on the several local bodies. The Cheshire, County Council elections are fixed for Saturday, March sth ; and the elections of Urban and Rural District Councillors, Guardians and Parish Councillors are fixed for Saturday, April 2nd. The present Runcorn repre- sentatives on the County Council are Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., for the North Division, and Mr. E. Imis an for the Saudi Division. Mr. P. Speakman, the former representative of Runcorn South, has a seat on the aldermanic bench, and it is understood that he will retain this. I hear that it is probable that Mr. Taylor will net seek re-election, for business reasons, and Mr. Walter Collier has been mentioned as a candidate for the vacancy. Mr. Imison will seek re election for the South Division, and up to the present there is no mention of an opponent.

The retiring members on the Urban Council are : Heath Ward, Mr. I'. Speakman ; Halton Ward, Mr. J. Sweetman ; Mersey Ward, Mr. G. H. Kirkham ; Central Ward, Mr. E. Imison ; Bridgewater Ward, Mr. T. Dan; Newtown Ward, Mr. D. B:sbrown. These gentlemen it is expected will seek re-election. There will probably be another seat vacant in Metsey Ward by the resigna- tion of the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, who has left the town.

The retiring members on the Board of Guardians are : —The Rev. Canon Wood, the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, the Rev. J. S. Simpson, Messrs. S. Taylor, A. R. Norman. T. Lea, and S. Yarwood. The Revs. Dr. Gastaldi and J. S. Simpson have left the town and will not them- selves for re-eleetion: M. T. Lea is ab3Pnt iti SDuin Africa and prhr to his departure intiraated that he was not to he nominated.

Shortly after two o'clock on Saturday afternoon I made my way down to Runcorn Bridge wi,ll the inten- tion of witnessing a grand fig!it at the other side el the water between Widnes and the club from tnie oud of the bridge. There were scores or folks about, and all ap- peared to be making tracks for the bridge. Rioht from the end of Church-st. (Steele's corner),up Lord-s;.. to the bridge was one continuous stretch of men and bets. The ticket offioe at the bridge was besitNerl, and tile authori- ties, despite the increased staff, could not cope with the demand.V%hen en on the bridge speculations were rife as te who would win. Although NVidnes i4MM been run- ning ahead for some time, the Crstriall supporters had an idea that their lot would rice to the occ:liion.Th,, iron work of the brioge was well supplied with chalk mottoes anent the match. In most ca.sea the scores were given, Widnes being doe's 59 the winners. Not cub were the bare scores predicted, but someone had gone so far as to spend their time in chalking the following rhyme :

===== 0002601_18980225_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
" A.rnericuts guess and calculate, Prophets tel. things unseen ; But I predictthat Widnes Will beat the Boys in Green."

The match hag long been looked forward to with cim- siclerable interest. Widnes are put down by Runcorn folk as being a rough lot and bitter errmies of the Cheshire team, but Mr. Crumpshaw of Stockport deli- vered a lecture to both teams before they entered the arena, Rnd as the result the play was floe. There wa,./ a little bit of rough work at times which the eagle eye of the referee did not see.

The teams were received with a great ovation, and when Runcorn started operations againr, the wind it was thought that they were going to be swamped. The wind was strong, and every time the visitors threw or p:..ssed the ball it was blown several yards back. Thi was a decided advaritiwe to the homernen who came rwthing in RUDCOIII'9 quarters like R. regiment of soldiers who were going to take all before them. But they found the fortress strong, and were repulsed. The men on the defensive broke away, but they c mid not make much headway against such a strong wind. Seeing how they were fixed they put all their force and energy into stopping the Chemicals from crossing over. The jornp- ina of Batey over men when Lear the line was too eagerly wa'tched for the latter to do anything.

When the first half ended Widnes were lealing by a try to nothing, not a very hi 4 score I must admit and especially playing with the wind. Everyone favoured Runcorn In the next half and thought the game was surely theirs. But this was not so. As soon as the re- start was made Widnes played with more dash and vie- our and were very quickly enjsyin the sport in corn's quarters, and against the wind too. The Chemi- up a nice score and were recorded as the calt soon ran winners.

played remark Lbly The forwards of the Cheshire team g well as also did he half backs, sch,lst armhton w..,s in the best of form. The fault has, as I have repsatedly pointed out, in the three-quarter division. TWO good men are required to fill the weak team will be as strong. as ever. places and theu the

Nothing can be said against the Widnes men for they all played exceedingly well and never appeared to be tired out. They are on present form a capable lot and they will stand a rare good chance for championstop honours in the coming cup competitions.

The Runcorn team are to journey to morrow to Ulster- ston to play a game with the team of that town in the First Round of the Cup Comp9titions. Tae Cneshire men Thursday had two practices in the Drill Hall on Ttiesciac nights and merni)ers of the committee w,i,re ' present. T:Jev are determined to " ecrape up," a good fifteen and they did not select Saturday's team until List night after the practice games.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Am W. H.- JULW'S vilurro RUNCORN. -

Mr. W. H. Jude, of Liverpool, visited Runcorn on Sunday,when he held two services of " Gospel Song "In the Public Hall. The great popularity of Mr. Jude as a musician is always evidenced by the interest t.i in his movements from to to town,and it is satisfarrory to find that Runeorn people gene/.tli are not stow to appreciate his abilities. In the afternoon Mr. Jude de- livered an eloquent and impressiv, addre is, ent.tled Saved frees the Storm," illustrating his remarks with " several musical gems, which included Geunod's " Peace of God " and Sir Ar'hur Sullivan's " Looking Back." , Re also sang several hymns from "Music and the Higher Life " series,the choruses being heartily joined in by the ' audince. All the evening service Mr. Jude spoke to a crowded audianc3 from the text" God is our refuge and I our strength." remarking that the highest type of a Christian life was that in waich was found the spirit of optimistic faith and cheerfulness of disposition. It was altogether foreign to the purposes and will of God that ' men should consider a pious life as unfitting them for happiness. Christianity,said Mr. Jude,was me essential corollary of happinea,and if conversion tended to stunt a man's hearty appreciation of human joys it did not and could not spring from a healthy Motive to live the higher and the better life. With a masterly power that few living musicians possess Mr. Jude sang "Jesu Lover of my Soul," "Toe Beautiful City of Rest" (the music of which is hie own), "Hark my soul,it is the Lord" and "Behold I stand at the Door," the audience listening with apt attention to what was undoubtedly a splendid musical treat. Mr. Jude, with that kindliness of nature for which he is so well known,honoured Ellesmere-street Chapel with a flying visit. Word had gone round wet he was expected, and the large congregation waited his arrival with keen interest. Punctually at 7-30,when the service in the chapel was over, the distinguished com- poser was seen to be making his way towards the organ and in a few secoads the sacred edifice was reverberat- ing with the glorious music of Guilmant'a "Marche Milataire" followed by the subdued but lofty "Air, with variations," by Mozart. The recital only lasted about a quarter of an hour, but its effect will not readily be for- gotten by tnoee whose privii.ge it was to listn to it. Mr. Jude,during his visit to Runcorn, was the honoured guest of Mrs. Isaac Stubbs, Lynwood amigo, Norman- road, to whom he expressed the pleasure ha bad derived from his short sojourn in the town. He returned to Liverpool on M ounay afternoon.

SEAMEN'S MISSION, RUNCORN. On Tuesday an interesting wedding took place at the Parish Church, Runrorn, the contracting parties being Mr. W. shale of Parker-street, and mi„ Mary Wells, of Lowland-road, Runcorn. The Rev. E. Lambert, M.A.' Chaplain of the Mersey faission to Seamen, performed the interesting ceremony. Mr. Shaw has been an earn- est Worker in connection with the Seamen's Mission whilst Miss Wells was a Sunday school teacher at the same mission. Both inside and outside of the Mission in Stationroad Runcorn, were gaily decorated with -, bunting for the occasion. Tea was given in the rooms to which the Sunday school teachers, choir and members of the Men's Bible Class were invited. After tea Mr. W. Shaw,naissionary,presided,and spoke in high terms of the valuable assistance rendered to the Sea- men's Missionary cause by the newly married couple. It was very nice, he said, for workers to meet on an occasion like that, and be hoped the good feeling which ' existed amongst the teachers would long continue.He re- ferred to the sale of work which is to be held on the Nth and 21st of April. He said that would be another oppor- tunity for them to show their assistance to the goad cause. Mrs. Mack,senior teacher of the school,then made a presentation on behalf of her fellow workers. Sue said she was not in the habbit of making a speech, so they would not expect much from her. It was a great plea- sure for her to be present that night.on so interesting an occasion. It was the first of its kind that they had had and she hoped it would not be the last. They had all known their friends Mr. and Mrs. Shaw,, sad worked with them for a number of years, and always found tLeat willing to do their utmost for the good of the Church and Sunday School. In conclusion the said it was with the greatest pleasure that she presented to them on behalf of her fellow workers a splendid set of carvers in case and a dozen knives and forks as a token of their esteem and goodwill.. They all joined in wishing them long life, lull of happiness and prosperity. Mr. J. price spoke on behalf of the class, Mr. R. Shaw on be- half of the choir and Mr. T. Cooke oa behalf of the Sun- day school teachers. Mr. Shaw responded on his own and also on his wife's behalf for the sifts. The company then joined in singing " For he's a jolly good fella vi." Games were then indulged in until a late heur.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECHES AT THE DINNER.

After the stones had been laid, Mr. Pilling and Mr. Houghton entertained the members and others to dinner in one of the rooms at the Workhouse. An otherwise un- attractive room had been made to look bright and cheer- ful by the use of decorative material, and the introduc- tion of lowers and plants, under the superintendence of Mrs. Ward, the energetic matron of the house. An excellent repast was served, the catering being in the capable hands of Mr. Watkins, of the Conservative Club. After dinner, a number of toasts were proposed and duly honoured. Mr. George Pilling presided, and he proposed the toasts of " The Queen," and " The Prince of Wales and the Royal Family," in suitable terms, both toasts being received with enthusiasm. Mr. A. J. /mugs then proposed the toast of "The Clergy of all denominations," coupling with it the names of the Rev. T. R. Matthews and the Rev. J. H. Riddette- He said be did not hnow why elf Chairman should select him to propose that toast as he was not aware that he had any special clerical appearance. (Laughter.) They had on their Board representatives of the Established Church, and of at least one of the Nonconformist bodies. Personally, he had always felt that the points on which the religious bodies were agreed were far more essential than those on which they differed. (Hear, hear.) The points of difference were very trivial, but they were agreed on the great fundamental facts of religion. (Applause.) The Rev. T. R. MArrinews,respondieg to the toast,said his connection with the Warrington Board of Guardians had been to him a most pleasant experience. He felt that hi 3 life was now nearing the end hut however that might be he could say that he had enjoyed the time he had heen enabled to spend in the work of the Guardians very much indeed. He was very much obliged to Mr. Jolley for the way he had spoken of the clergy and the ministers connected with that Board of Guardians. He did not know that their different religious views had anything to do with the Board. (Hear, hear.) He had never found that they entered into the work the Guar- dians undertook. He was much obliged for the kind way in which the toast had been received. (Applause.) The Rev. J. H. RIDDETTE said his esteemed colleagies, Mr. Matthews,whom they all respected and some of them loved,referron to his youth. (Laughter.) He could net claim to be juvenile either in length of years or in as- pect. Be was very pleased to be thought worthy to re- spond to that toast. If be might make a frank confes- sion he should like to say that it had been his aim from the beginning of his service on that Board not to be looked upon as a representative of the clergy but simply as a humble working member of the Board to which it was an honour to belong.and with the members of which he had found it to be a very great pleasure to be asso- ciated. (Hear, bear.) For after all they had but one object in view, and that was the amelioration of the 1 condition of the people for whose welfare they worked. 1 In that work he had been able to co-operate acceptably with his brother Guardians, and he wished to thank all for the kind manner in which they had received him. (Applause.) The CII&IRM&S said he had now td propose the health of the Chief magistrate and Mayor of Warrington (Alderman Wright). (Applause.) It had given him (the Chairman) great pleasure to see the Mayor with them that night. Ever since he had been Mayor he bad shown more thought and mere respect for the Poor Law depart- ment than any previous Mayor of the town. Under these circumstances the gentlemen who had the arrangements in hand for that day's cerenteny could not overlook the Mayor. (Hear, hear.) The Town Clerk was also invited but pressure of business prevented him from being Ore. sent. He had great pleasure in submitting the toast of the health of the Mayor. (Applause). The toast was drunk with musical honours. Other speeches followed, and the meeting dispe reed about eight o'clock.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY COUNCIL ELECTION AT

WARRINGTON.

There will be no contest for County Council honours in Warrington. The Borough—which it may be stated is the largest non-county Borough in the country—returns three members to the Lanca- shire County Council. The retiring councillors were Alderman Francomb, J,P., Mr. F. Monks, J.P., and Mr. F. A. Roberts, formerly of Warrington, but now residing at Windermere. The last named gentleman found it impossible to continue his duties on the Council, and Councillor William Pier- point, J.P., chairman of the Warrington Liberal Association, was nominated in his stead. Five o'clock on Wednesday afternoa was the latest hour fixed for the receipt of nominations by the Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle), and it was then found that only three gentlemen had been nominated for the three vacant seats. These were Alderman Francomb, Mr. F. Monks, and Councillor William Pierpoint, and they are therefore elected on the Lancashire County Council unopposed. The follow- ing were the nominations, with the proposers, seconders, and assentors : Pierpoint William, hair and sizing merchant. Hill Tap, Latchford, Warrington, is proposed by John Clarkson Young, seconded by John William Hall, and assented to by Thomas Barton,Frederic Richard Roberts, William Henry Pickup, Samuel Johnson Beaman, Matthew Knowles, William Barlbw, James Evans, James Mcelew. Francomh,Richard Walker,coal merchant,Victoria House, Wilderspool, Warrington, proposed by Thomas Hinelmarsh Sutton, seconded by Henry Johnson Longton, and assented to by D. W. Finney, John Sarno ;on,Thornes Locker,Henry Ashton,Joseph Birchen, Joseph Cross, Edward Holt and William Bede Houghton. In a second paper Mr. Francomb is proposed by John White, seconded by James Cannel!, and supported by Alfred Jolley, George Watkins, Thomas Cooper, John Whitley, Peter Nay- lor, William Lee, Thomas Mason, and Alfred Baker. Monks, Frederick, iron manufacturer, Old Hall. Walton, near Warrington, proposed by William Dampier Jeans, seconded by Ebentzer Hawthorne, and assented to by Peter Edgar, George Tomlin, John Hughes, John Ireland Wright, James Holmes, Walter John Hewitt, James Henry, Japheth Hemp- son, and John Lockett. In a second paper Mr. Monks is proposed by Arthur Bennett, seconded by John Titchard, and supported by Isaac Turner,John Woods, Rueben Higham, Thomas Howell, Daniel Richardson, Henry Glover, Thomas Creagan, and George Thomas Pluirpton. In a third paper Mr. Monks is proposed by Arthur Peacock, seconded by John Pemberton, and assented to by Edward Hard- man, William Salmon. !William Henry Millington, John Molyneux, William Tomkinson, Andrew Houghton, Andrew Dillow, and William Hayes. WIN WICK.

The retiring county councillor for this division was Mr. J. C. Sutton, the clerk to the Warrington Board ot Guardians. He did not, however, seek re- election. Mr. J. W. Knowles, solicitor, of Widnes and residing at Middleton, near Winwick, has been elected unopposed in his stead.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CRICKET CLUB.

ANNUAL MEETING. The annual general meeting of the Runcorn Cricket : _ p Thet e sf iodl el following i nsg officers Club was held on Friday evening at Mr. W. ,Faulkners, Navigation Inn, the Rev. Father Gore presiding over a fair attendance, in the absence of the hon. treasurer (Mr. W. Ellough) the hon.secretary read the treasurer's report, which shows a small balance in hand. The hon. secretary, Mr. R. N. Jeacock's report shewed that 15 matches had been played, 7 being won 7 lost 1 drawn ; 1064 runs had been scored by Runcorn for the loss of 151 witckets, as against 1175 runs by their opponents for the loss of 148 wickets. Mr. J. Bean heads the bat- ting averages with an average of 1.121 and Mr. J. Cragg the faverageorneltoste6a;i7o2n. Taylor, Esq., J.P., C.C., hon. treasurer, Rev. Fat'''. Gore ; hon. secretary, Mr. F. Burrows ; captain Mr. S. ' Cross; sub-captain, Mr. J. Bonn ; committee, Messrs. S. Abrams, R. N Jeacock,S.Booth, C. Burrows, VV.E Hough bowling were appointed with a n Fl. Heath,W. Leathwood,T.Moores, H. W right,H.Evans, I W. Johnson, A. Hassell. In.responding t) the vote of thanks to the Chairman, the Rev. Father Gore impressed upon the players the advisability of practice, as that was the only means of obtaiplez good results. He hoped at the close of neat season to see better averages and a larger balance in hand. The following are the batting and bowling aver- ages :—Bowling. J Bonn 11 21; S Cross, 10 5; 3 Booth. 9'71; H Evans, 7•69; HHeath, 658 ; R Jeacock, 807; 9 Abri.ms, 5; W Johnson 4.75 ;• j Leathwood, 4'5; W Howard, 4; J Percival. 333; W E Hough, 26; El Wright, 2.6; W Wilding, 26: J CrArr, 1-33. Bowling: J Cragg, 672; RN Jeacock, 7.05; 11 Evans, 770;S Abrams, 8'65; J Percival, 9.

THE LITE CYCLE PARADE AND THE OLD Fours

TRRAT.

The final meeting of-CI-ie.-committee which carried ' out the Cycle Parade held in Narlestown in October last, and aUbstquently the Old Folks Treat held a fortnight ago,took place on Tuesday evening at the Wellington Hotel, Barlestown. There was a good meeting, and the statement of accounts as drawn Mr. C. Dickenson, was presented and up by tbe Secretary, Mr. Waring,and the Assistant Treasurer, adopted,and thanks were tendered these gentlemen for their services. The Secretary submitted a brief re port in which on behalf ef the committee thanks the treat for the old people, and odollXlr. Walton, and Mr.Ellam for their were accorded all those who bad assisted by dona- ttkloionl,ndisrnsienlls spa mirnoi providingeo* ti vehicles for the conveyance of the old folks to aud from the tea,2533 having par- taken of the good fare provided. The balance sheet will be published next weelr,it having been audited by mom. U. H. Anderton and H. Reade.

-

===== 0002601_18980225_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
HEATH SIDE EVENING CONTINUATION

SCETCOL.

ANNUAL MEETING OP SClloizats,

On Tuesday evening a tea party was given to the scholars of the above school,whem over 100 at down to an excellent tea. Au entertainment followed, when Miss Armstrong sang vivaciously "Tie Inter- fering Parrot." Mr. End .on gave a hotnorous recital in a very able manner, and Miss Wilson sang very sweetly "The promise of :tie," and "Dream ot Para- dise." A clever recital of "Jecnima's courtehip"was given by Miss Dorothea Bell. Other items were a flute solo by the liev.ii. V. Pigot and the exhibition of conjuring tricks by Mr. Sherwood. Mr. J. Donna (Lyndro) who presided, sail he was glad to sea so many taking an intereit in the Continuation School. It was necessary tor everyone to be well edu- cated, not so much as to be able to get a good situation, but to be able to coralsete with their continental neigh- bours. They all had a wish to see England to the front but that could only come about by education. They must not think they could raise themselves to a height above their fellc we ia a 6bors time, but only by plenty r of hard study. Whenever ne found a boy who was stliv- ling he was always ready to help him. He was sure if , they attended the school the education they would oh. Itam n from Mr. Gordon would do them a great deal of good,and he hoped they would persevere and strive to do their best to become good workmen and a blessing both to their country aad their parents. In conclusion Mr. Dodds expressed gratification at seeing Mr. and Mrs. Pigot there and their friend Miss Westwell, who were always doing something for their welfare. (Ap• plause.)

===== 0002601_18980225_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPORT.

Mr. T. GORDON (head teacher) presented his report which stated that the school had been opened 45 times and over 500 lessons had been given. The total number of attendances was 16,533, being an average of 91.8. Daring the season there had been a distribution of prizis and four lectures,and a lantern lecture by Mr. Robson Chorley. The titles of the four lectures and the lec. turers were :—" God's Glorious Creation," Mr. Gordon ; "Insects," Mr.L.Greening; "Physical Agents of Nature,' Mr. Wilcox ; "Fishing," air. Edison. 'there had been a great improvement in the regularity of attendance and the following boys had Hot MiStled:—P.Grant,J.Elorsfield, 11.HW, F. Holloway,G. Tunstall, J.Ratawal,ti.S.mcock, E. Dower, A. Platt, and H. Platt. In the testa for specie'. prizes H. Hill is awarded that for Section 1, and G. Sim cock that for Section 2. In mensuration 10 boys oh. tamed full marks,and three in writing and composition had obtained full marks. H. Hill obtained 150 out of a possible 160 in arithmetic. The Rev. H. V. PIGOT expressed his satisfaction with the report. It was necessary to make an evening school successful, that the head teacher should have his heart in the work, and he was glad to say that in IMr. Gordon they had such a one. He was I glad the boys had persevered in their work and hoped the words of advice from Mr. Dodds would not be lost on them in the next session. Letters of apology for non-attendance had been received from Mr. R. Chorley, Mr. Jolley, Mr. Reynolds, and Mr. Finney. Mr. Eiones proposed, and Mr. Erman seconded, a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his attendance, and also to Miss Westwell for her kindness in prepariog the tea. —The motion was carried unanimously. The singing of the National Anthem Drought an enjoy- able evening to a close.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Adbratotintnts nut (11.1a6ttitb.

WANTBD, a GHLVERAL, strong, who can wash ; sellers Housemaid Is £ept.-29, PUT TERRACE, Miles Platting, Manchester.

WANTED. young GUI- for General Housework; clean and r.apectable ; waget 33.-119, ?III:SCOT -ROAD Fairfield, Liverpool.

CONFECTIONERY BUSINESS to be Disposed of, in one V of the main thorougeares ol Crewe; stock and complete; death cauie of lisaving.—Apply on premises from 7 to 9 p.m. to 174, EARLE-STREET, Crewe.;

ADIRS REQUIRING good SERVANTS, and Servants .1.4 seeking best Situations, any distanee.—Apply, Mrs. MILLINGToN, Select Registry. llawley-road, Dawley. Salop. General, £I3, Fourth Laundress, £lO, wanted immediately.

UTANTBD, an Ex-P.T. (musicial), for excellent GIRLS' SCHOOL ; salary £42 10s.. it just o.it of apprentice- ship; £45 if experienced.—Apply, HEAD MisTaEss, St. Catherine's School, Wigan.

XTBRY handsome Rail CAR, suit 14 or 15 hands, by good V maker, eq otl to new.-53, Hazois-araser, Broughton, Atanshester.

\ r MATED, SITUATION as IiOUSIIICIISPaiI or useful Kelp; mldd,e-aged ; respectable ; good n,,edlewoms trustworthy. —NOSE 33, BurnsWies-street, Cheetttam, Kan. cbettar.

O_OOD HOT oueerill and HISaB Btt SHOP, t0.,212. 62, GEORGE-STREET, HUMES, MSOChtSter.

112UltelISHHID HOU 311 to b 3 LIP, six bed ooms. threes 1' sitting rooms; i.so a six-room CUTrAtrit. —Nina- B AMC, ArllSide , CarlifOrtb.

WANTED Experienced HO USE-P iltLOUlt AIAID; good - waitress, strongaud active. Good mterences required. —Address Sirs. litausurr. Qu,ensferry,

WANTED. Smart Intelligent YOUTH ; age 17 or 18, for large manufacturer's office. -Apply stating previous; experience to Box 30," hx.xialsixa " O. FICE, Warrington.

FFOIL SA.LB.—Ooal. Wool, and Vegetable (STU -03 ; scales wagons, horse, float and harness. dense and stable at- tached. lient Bs. per week. Present occupier 17 years. Reason for leaving, retiring from business. £35 for the whole Business. Profit 35... to £: wsekly,--2 SCJUEFIELD BT., lidgehill, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
COWARDLY ASSAULT ON A PIINCORN POLICEMAN.

HEAVY SENIENCE.

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, the magis. trates present being Sir Richard Brooke, Bart., Mr. F.J. Norman, and Mr.E.Speakman,Simuel and John Forster, brothers, of Runcorn, were charged on remand with as- sauteing P.C. Upton in Flaleon-road,Runcorn,on the 13th inst,whilst in the execution of his duty.—Prisoner pleaded guitty.—Mr. Fletcher, of Northwich,prosecute I on behalt of the police; and Mr. F.A. Lake,of Runcorn, appeared for the prisoners. . . . . .

'the prosecutik solicitor in his statement to the bench, said the offence to which the men had pleaded guilty was in the judgment of the police a very serious one,and they were obliged to press the case.lt appeared that on the 13th just, Sunday night, at 10-30, the atten tion of Constable Upton was drawn to a number of mon in Halton-road, two,of whom were the men in the dock. His at.ention was called by a noise of music and other cries. On getting near the place the men were playing a tneuth organ whist others were dancing on the foot• path, things which should obviously be checked, especi- ally on a Sunday. The constable ordered the men away. All except the Forsters obeyed the officer's command. The prisoners came out with bad expressions and re. used to go. When they declined to move on Upton nixed John Forster and proceeded to take him away when Samuel committed a very vielent assault on him. He struck him in the face and succeeded in getting hie brother released from the officer's grasp. The constaPe then got Samuel and atter a struggle they fell to tt..i ground. John returned and endeavoured to get Samuel free. The officer and his man again went to the ground and John took a running kick at the constable's head. The latter was kicked in the forehead. It was a veil serious injury and the doct-a• said it was a cletr cut to the bone. The wound was now healing and the doctor did not apprehend that any seriJus consequences would follow.

-- - -:- MTaosßenthernPyee. ktotaFphln care. in,lrli w.est gocaCthnenhoeei dnsrar e.s Constable tt bwaTube tl drunkenness eei Upton t factshtpo ootorkno uhagacwhdo was notro h o beenra t ede exaggerated. —By Mr. Lake : The Forsters were drunk. They were not playing and singing hymns. Dr. McDougall described the woundfts a split which had been done with a cas considerableWhich ft:L:l:l.r e4Hae thought at ea:l first that having regard to the fact that the prisoner was wearing dirty boots at the time, er sipelas might Mr. Lake aThdrrssed the magistrates on behalf of the risonetrhtsaotth9tHhee said the men had pleaded assault,m were e ryyae there at respectablenhed orereua nel l xkewgc aue sad excuse c( fellows, cowardliness. for trot: pointweerdrs timet to wished to call special attention, and that Was silctyh he. father having been under one employer 20 yeariclintaheenessoidr; these men a ere under the same employer. They had kept the house going and had educated their younger brother and sistertand therefore it was a matter of con- siderable importance to them and family that they should not be too severely dealt with. The prisoners were then charged with being drunk and disorderly at the same time and place, and they pleaded guilty.—The Bench thought the assault a very cowardly one and committed each prisoner to gaol for two months with bard labour. For b^ing drunk they were each fined 53. and costa or seven days in default.

WORSLRY'S LIMITED.—CZIANCII4Y OF LANCASTEII.—The actions in thi. Court arisen in consequence of the differ. ences lalely existing between the Directors have been withdrawn, and an amiable oettlpment, and a cordial understanding arrived at. Dia Comp+ny's financial position, we aro informed, remaius sound, and all claims will be met in the usual way.

the teaeliere of this Sun- day nue]. social evening in tha EARLESTOWN IVISSLEYAN SUNDAY' O SCliCan. Lecture Hall. In addition to the teachers several n Thursdayschool held et vi ieeni ri a ag friends were present., ani a capital tea was par- taken of. The eveninF w,,1 afterwards spent in games of various kinds, Inter-per,A with singing. LINSEED COMTOVND ' a demule,.nt Finodyne mootorato. caghs and Colds, 90 &',(1., of Ch:?.niEts °qty.—Add. I

===== 0002601_18980225_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
,

:.

:

\-4

I

I

-, '

• t' -

I

IP

ME

===== 0002601_18980225_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
f I ~.. ..,i. • i, i• . i. ..., .... ~. -,. .:( q I. ,?,...: 1 1: ~.1 ~., I , ~ I ' .i 'IH 1 1 , I , i, i,, ~ , ~ . ; , ' 1 i . i , tf., ...., ' / t . ' t : 4 1 / I i i... 1 1.'... , .....: I.::, ' el i 41 : I 1 : I 1 . i 1 i i 1 . t : I ' II : ...: '• ',,..-; i #1 , t I ; . m

===== 0002601_18980225_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MAKE NO MISTAKE.

Many people mistake a false for a true economy. Good economy " take care of the pence, letting the pounds take care of themselves ;" bad economy is " a penny wise and a pound foolish." True economy is care- ful to make the" stitch in time which saves nine;" false economy risks the loss of a valuable horse for want of nail in a horse shoe, or the has of a fine ship for the want of a peranyworth of tar. In all matters of economy the test question should always be" Can I afford it ?" For instance, when suffering from any slight ailment, ask yourself : Can I afford to let this slight cough or little cough develop into asthma, chronic bronchitis, or consumption ? Can I afford to let this " out of Sorts" feeling which T suffer from occasionally to settle into a confirmed melancholy ? Can I afford to let my wife grow weaker day by day under household burdens, or my child,whn is now only a little delicate,run the risk of being obliged to succumb, entirely,or can I myself afford to run the risk of breaking down entirely, and giving up my work, all for want of a little precaution ? When you are told hat the excellent preparation known as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, which is acknowledged to be the best tonic remedy ever discovered, would enable you to avoid all these dangers, the question should not be "Can I afford it ?" but " Can I afford to be without it ?" In most cases common sense will tell you that you CANNOT afford to be without it,that you cannot afford to run the risk you are now running, while so valuable a remedy as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is at hand.

, If your occupation is an unhealthy one, if you are ex- posed to the weather, or work long hours in close rooms; if your constitution is weakened, or your health under- mined ; or if you are in any way not " up to the mark," use Gsvnyna Evans' Quinine Bitters,The Vegetable Tonic. It never tails to strengthen the weakened system, to brace the nerves and fortify the constitution. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is purely vegetable, and certified by Analysts to be pure and harmless. It may be safely taken by delicate ladies and children in all cases of weak ness. Many people after enjoying the good things of life,are subject to much after suffering from the inability of the Stomach to p-rform its duties. A timely use of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters would strengthen the digestive organs, and serve to remedy the evil. We have no sympathy with those people who always complain of being ill and miserable and out of sorts, w hen a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine, Bitters would soon set them right. Sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 61 each, by all chemists and patent medicine venaors,or direct from the proprietors: The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany Limited, Llanelly, South Wal,s, carriage free by parcel post. Beware of imitations. See the name of "Gwilym Evans "on label, stamp, and bottle ; anu re- fuse any preparation offered as a substitute for it. GWILYM EVANS QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE Tag MAGISTRATES.

SMART CAPTURE OF A WARRINGTON FOWL THIEF.

On Saturday William Warburton was charged at the Warrington Borough Police Court, before Mr. Geddes and Mr. R. T. Fairclough, with stealing three fowls, value 7s. 61, from Mr. Cronshaw's hencete, Padgate- lane, that morning.—The Chief Constable said the in- habitants of Padgate-lane and district had for some time past been robbed of their hens, and plain clothes officers bad been put on special duty in the district for the pur- pose of detecting the thieves. At 10 o'clock on Thursday night Mr. Cronshaw locked up his fowlhouse, and saw that all the fowls were safe. That morning about two o'clock Constables Delahey and Newey heard a noise,and on going in the Girection of the sound they heard the screeching of fowls. They were unable to find the place where the noise came from, but they went behind a house on some land between Padgate-lane and Manches- ter-road, and from there saw the prisoner running across a field. They pursued him, and he dropped down into a gutter. Newey pounced upon him and found be had three hens in a bag. Delahey chased a second man, but could not overtake him. The man in the gutter began to struggle and shouted, "Well, now for it," and at- tempted to throw Newey over his head. Lie was taken to the police station, and on the way he managed to put his hand into his pocket and throw away a skeleton key, which the officer picked up. They afterwards found that Mr. Cronshaw's heneote had been broken into. Three fowls were missing, and near the hencote were a pair of pliers. The prisoner had been up for stealing copper wire. He belonged to a very clever gang of poachers and fowl stealers.—A sentence of three months' imprison- ment was impose], and the magistrates complimented the officers on their smartness. A MOTHER SENT TO PRISON.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Monday Morning. before Mr. F. Monks and other magistrates, Harriet Hill,wife of Joseph Hill,62,Back Dallani=lane,was I charged with neglecting her children—lnspector Mc- Ateer, N.S.P.C.C., said the defendant was the mother of five children, whose ages ranged from fourteen years to I ten months. Joseph, aged twelve, had been sent to the Clio,so that he was not included in thecase. On the 1511 February he went to the defendant's house about half past eleven in the morning. There was none there ex- cept the woman Ellen Lawton,who had Just been before I the magistratee.He asked where Mrs. Hill was, but she could not tell him. He beard a child crying.and no going upstairs he found the youngest child lying on a filthy bed naked. He remained until the mother and the other chil(iren (with the exception of the eldest, who was working) came in. He examined the children, and found that they were all filthy in the extreme. In the front room upstairs there was a tick which was rotten through. The defendant said her husband,herself and the child (with the exception of the eldest girl) slept there. The girl slept downstairs. In the frent room downstairs there was the -frame of a sofa, and on it a sack filled with chaff, and it was almost rotten. There was no bed cover, and the defendant said the girl took off a portion of her clothes and used them for a covering. He returned in the evening with Sergeant Evans,and no alteration had been made in the condition of the children or the house. The woman's husband said that she was a drunken bad woman, and he could do nothing at all with her. She pledged everything in the house, even the children's clothes. He said she drank from morning to night, and he dared not give her any money. He (the inspector)went to the house last Satur- day night at ten o'clock, and the man was sitting there perfectly sober with his children. When asked where his wife was he said, "I cannot tell you anything about her." She went out during the evening, and he had not seen her since. Defendant had been under his (the inspector's) observation for the past two or three years, and he had repeatedly warned her. —Sergeant Evans, gave corroborative evidence as to the state of the children.—Soseph Hill the defendant's hus- band, said he had told Mrs. Lawton not to came into the house again, and that if she did he should turn her out.—Mr. Monks If you take my advice you will tell her you will pitch her outside the house if she comes in again.—Defendant said her husband gave her no money. He got drank hiroself.—The police gave the man Hill a good character,and denied that they had ever seen him drunk.—Mr. El. Taylor, police court missionary, however, said he had seen the man in drink I in his hou4e.—The Chief constable : Mr. Taylor has seen him at night. Perhaps Hill is one of those sly drunkards whe never let the police see him drunk.—The Bench sent the woman to gaol for three months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

FRlDAY.—Before Octane'for H. Roberts (chairman), Mr. I JAM.. Hepherd, and Councillor J. Smethurst, A PRINTER'S MONSR-ROX STOLEN—STRANGE HIDING PLACE.— Frederick Bradbury and Henry Bradbury, two boys, living at 4 Norman-street. were charged, the former with stealing a money-box containing £2, and the latter with receiving it knowing Itto have ren stolen on Thurs- day. The money belonged to Leigh Bros., Butterrnarket-st. —Harry Leigh said that during the past three weeks they had missed various sums of money. Between Wednesday and Saturday of last week he had missed 145. 3d. The smaller boy Frederick, was in his employ. The money was kept in a box inside a label-cutting machine. No one knew it was there,—Councillor Roberts : Was it not rather a pe- culiar place to keep It? It was. That was why I placed it there.—Detective Inspector Mcnaghan deposed to being in- formed of the theft of the money-box and visited complain- ant's place of business in Buttermarket-street. He found the first defendant there and cautioned him, and he said, " I took it and hid it in the closet at home and our Harry oDervd the box. Witness then went to the second defendant and took him to the Police Station as he denied knowledge of the box. At the police station he said " Fred gave it to me and I bought this watch out of It." - Councillor Roberts : Can you tell us how the box was concealed ? In- spector Monaghan It was at the back of the machine. No one would find it without looking for it. Mr. Leigh kept it concealed there—Councillor Rooerts : Was it in a position SO that at one looking round the machine could find it.—ln- enector Monaghan They would have to go right to the back of the machine to And it. Tne money is all spent now.—The father of the defendants sail that the second day Frederick had been at complainant's shop he found money on the machine and told Mr. Fred Leigh. He had found the box at the beak of the machine and heard it jinzle.—Counclllor Roberts sail the Mellen bad decll el that they could not hold Mr. Leigh blameless for leaving money in such a careless way. It was a distinct temptation to leave it under such conditions and te some extent Mr. Leigh was to blame. They would record a conviction against both boys and hoped they would never be brought before the Bench here or anywhere fogging. else.—The father : And. 111 give them a good Har- rison, Mr. F. Monks (chairman), Alderman Alderman Francomb. Councillor Smethurst. and Councillor Shaw Green, Messrs. T. fireball, J. W. Hay- ward, and S. Wright. IllmaxnEn FOR INQUIRIES.— Johnt. value Glover.2suo4daddjoemsclawrass charged with Straliag a pair of bp• Hibhons' shop Mersey-st', on Saturday, and a shirt, value 2c, from a clothes' line et the back of 37. Scotl,nd-coad, on the 18th February, the property of Mary Robinson. —The _ _

YOUR ATTENTION PLEASE! Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Bask Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys Bladder. Stone, Sciatica. Rheumatism, and Gout will find a and if not satisfied your money positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box Is. 10.. of all Chemists. or post free for 12 stamps, from will be returned. PriCeS HOLDROYD.S. Medical Hall. Chsckbeaten. Yorks. Sold at 3.5, Brit-lee-street Warrington, Don't be put off. If you cannot get them writet.e th 3 Proprietor and a bor will pc, t.—Advt. s e wit next

LINS El/ COMPOUND (Trade Mark), for t.ougba lan Q d.. 141, Sell by Chemists ouly.—Advt.

Chief Constable, in asking for a remand, said the boots were displaced for sale, and the prisoner came up and inquired the price of them. He was bid that they would be sold for 2s. 4d. He went away, but afterwards returned and took away the boots. Mrs Gibbons followed and caught him in an entry putting them on. She brought him back to the shop, and Detective aleacock took him to the police station. He subsequently admitted having stolen the boots. The shirt which was the subject matter of the second charge was found upon him. A report conce,ning it had been received by the police.—Prisoner was remandel for a week. DRIEOCENNESEL—nomas O'Day, Naylor-street, was fined ss. and costs for being drunk and disorderly in Butter- market-street on Saturday night.—Ellen Lawton, Dallam- lane, was chargcd with being drunk and disordsrly in Irlam- street, and was allowed to go on promising to enter the Workhouse.—John Wilfred Delooze, slater. Lyttigoes-lane, was fined ss. and costs for being drunk and disorderly on Scheel-brow on February 11th. I UNMUZELED DOGS.—How THE ORDER IS 'ENFORCED.— William Gallop, 69, Buttermarket-street ; John 'Pemberton, 35, Winwiek-street ; and Thomas Holland, Crown-strect, , were fined Is. each for allowing their dogs , a be at large un- muzzled.--Mr. Monks asked the Chief Constable when the order would cease to be in force.—Mr. Talbot replied that It would be at the pleasure and goodwill of the Board of Agri- culture —Councillor Shaw Green : Not so much goodwill, I think.—The (lisle? Constable said the police did nct enforce It with a good will. The Board of Agriculture sent round in- spectors to see that the order WAS enforced. TITERDLY.—Before Mr. It. Garnett (chairman), Mr. T. Birchall, and Counciller.J. Shaw Green.

S-C-11-001 'CAST. 9.—The following persons were dealt with for neglecting to send their children regularly to school, on the prosecution of Mr. W. Jones, school attendance officer : William Bailey. 12, Naylor-street, fined ss. ; Henry Tranter, 55, Aikin-street, 2s. 6d. ; George Wilcock, 5, Baxter-street, 2s. 6d ; John Mills. Dye Houses, 2s. 6l; William lee. 3, Barry-street, 2s. 6d. ; john Quinn. 290. Winwick-road. is.; John Fiddler, 14, Ellen-street, 2s. 6d. WEDNESDAY. —Bef ore Mr. John Fairclough (chair roan) Mr. Thomas Birchall, and Mr. ;am Geddes.

SMART CAPTURE OF A DESERTER.—CharIes Kenari was charged with being a deserter from Her Majesty's First Batalion Lancashire Fusiliers stationed at Bury, since Sunday.—P.C. Turner said that he noticed prisoner walking In the street and bearing the appearauce of fraying been drilled. He questioned him and prisoner denied being in the army but when witness found a pair of military boots in a Darrel under his arm, he admitted haying deserted from the Regiment stated. He also had a militar belt round his body.—Prisoner was committed to Strangeways Gaol to await escort, and Turner was recommended for the usua reward.

TicEy'. sr A GlRL.—Jane Forster, aged 12, of 2, Eylands% yard. School Brow, was charged with stealing from the shop of Mark Schofield. 26, School Brow, on Tuesday morning, 8 yards of fiannellette, and shirting, value 3s. Bd.—lihe pleaded not guilty.—The Chief Constable said he was astonished at the girl's plea as she had already admitted the theft to the police. Mark Schofield was a draper at 26. School Brow, and his shop hat a back-door leading into a yard, Into which prisoner'a parents' house door also led. On Tuesday morning, about 9 o'clock. Miss Psiscilla Schofield left the premises in charge of Mrs Schofield and her brother. About 11 o'clock they also left the premises, and Isaac Scho- field was the person to make the premises secure. Re only locked the front door,and left the back door unfastened. Soon after 11 o'clock Miss Schofield returned and to her astonish- ment saw the prisoner le Mir; hastily by the back door. She had a piece of fiannellette and a piece of shirting in her arms. She said "My manarray sent me to see if you had any stuff that would snit he ." At the police station, when appre- hended by Detective-Inspector Monaghan, she said " I did take them. My mother did not send me for them,"—a gra- tuitous observation which was significant. —Corroborative evi- dence was given, and the Chairman remarked that they thought if the proper person Was there it would be the mother.-for not looking after her.—The prisoner would be fined 20s. and would be detained at the police station for three days in default of payment.

THIIRSDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman), and Alderman Fairelough _ _ .

DRUNK IN CHARGE.—James Price pleaded guilty to being drunk in charge of a horse and cart in Bsidge-street at 6 p.m. on WiKinesday.—PA). Bradley said that at the time stated he law defendant in charge of a gray pony and cart, driving very rapidly down Bridge-street. He was drunk and witness looked him up.—The magistrates warned defendant of the serious consequences which might have accrued from h's con- duct, and fined him ss. SLEEPING OUT.—Henry Oregory and Robert Whittaker, last from Manchester, were charged with sleeping in Mr. B. Connor's stable. Clothhall-yard. Bank-street, at 1.45 that morning —P.C. Hardy deposed that at 1.45 a.m. Mr. William Connor came to him and said he had found three men sleep- ing in the stable. Witness went with him and faund the two defendants. whom he locked up. Bo h had a pipe and tobacco. The third man had disappeared.—ihe defendants stated that they had walked from Munchester and were unable to gain admittance to the lodging-house close to the stable aud finding the door of the tat t r open, they went in. —The Chief Constable said he believed the men were saying what 'cal true. They were not the usual vagrants, but teemed decent fellows.—The magistrates cautioned them and they were discharged.

DARESBURY PE rfY SESSION 3.

TuFADAY.—Before Mr. J. C. Parr en the chair) and Mr. Long. . . .

A WELL-Knows PosottEa FINED. —Charles Lightfoot, of Dutton. was summoned for having game in his possession and being suspected of coming from land on the Bth February. Defendant did not appear —Sergeant Richardson stated that at ten o'clock on the nlght of the Bth inst. he was on duty on the Northwich road, Dutton. It was a moonlight night' He saw two mea wise appeared to be lying down or picking up snares along the fence of a garden. They sebsequently came on the rot& and he saw something balky under the defendant's coat. He stopped him and saw that he had a hare, and in his pockets were six snares and a net.—P.O. Ridgway corrobatnl, and a fine of 10$. and costs was imposed WARRINGIO:6 CARTERS FlNED,—.Te•eph Cam m, carter, Allen-street, Warrington, was fined 5s for driving a lurry without a light at Lower Whitley on tti 3rd Febrnary.--P.C. Clutton proved the case.—lidward Horrobin, of Bank Quay. Warrington was fined ss. for being asleep in charge via lorry at Moore on 27th lanuary.—e.o. Robinson proved the case.

'NEWTON PEITY BE.SSIONS.

Tatraspiy.:—Before Mr. T. J. Gillespie (cheirmar.). Colonel

Wood. Mr. R. -ttone, and Mr C B F, I.l3rion.

Dauxxxxxxsa.—For this .offPnee at Winwiek on the 19th February, Thomas Sankey was fined 25. 61. and goats ; John Dixon was similarly dealt with fur an offence of drunkenness at Haydoek on the 6th February. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.-1 he following were dealt with for thaw offances ‘lichaei Ragan. on the 19r h Falruarv, at Ilarlestown, 2s. 6d, and costs ; Sainu.-1 Clayton on the 6th February, at Haydock, 21. 6d. and costs ; Thomas Entwistle. on the 12th lust— ftt Haydock, 2s. 6i, and Costs; John Duffy on the 12th inst., at Haydock. 53. and costs. DISMUZZLED DOGES —For allowing their dogs to be at large unmuzzled the following were d-alt with : Thomas Thompson, on the 13th February, at Hariestown, 31. 61. Including costs ; Michael Cunneely, on the 16th February, at Hariestown, 33. 61. including coats ; George Wilde, on the 18th February. at Market-street, Earlestown. 3s. 6d. In- cluding costs Willlam Gleav, on the 12th Flbruary, at Haydock. 3s. Bd including costs ; and Henry Harrison, on the 13th February, at Haydock, was similarly dealt with. _ .

~..... Beeson or THE PRAM—Joseph Valentine. wits charzed with committing a breach of the peace by figh'ing with another man named John Jolley, at Havdock. on the I.2tq Rawcliffe gave evidenies that he saw the defen- dant fighting In Penny-lane. Haydock —The det mulant who stated that be was "made to fight '' was bound over in his own reagniztnces to keep the peace for six months. REFUeING Ta QUIT AND ASSATILTIsG THE MSNAOIER.— , Daniel Conroy was charged with being disorderly and refue- -lin ioquir the licensed 'premises or Thomas Forster. the licensee of the Ram's Head Hotel, liarlestown, on the 21st inst. He was f Arther charged with beating and assaulting Thomas Wood, the manager.—James Donoghue was charged with assaulting the manager at the same time and place.— Ccaroy pleaded guilty. bu`, Don 'gime did not appear. The Case was, however, heard in his absence.—ndimas Woo , stated that on the 21st inst. Conroy was in the Ram's Head Hotel at which witness was manager. Conroy Comment:sod to use disgusting language, and witness requested him to leave. He refitsed, and witness then enileavoured to put him out. A scuffle ensued in which witness was hit and punched by Conroy and the other defendant. Donoghee.—The magis- trates fined Conroy 5s and costs for refusing to quit the plasm ices, and bound him over in his own rellognisances in the sum of £5 to be of good behaviour for six m nitti, on the charge of assault. There was a very black list against Donoghue who would be fined 103 and costs. A CASE ADIaIIRNED FOR OTHER Min ISTR areS.—A c tse was down for hearing under the Coal Mines Regulation Act, but the Chairman announced that three out of toe fon', magis- trates present were shareholders In Messrs. Richard Fvans and Company Limited. and he was afraid they Could not lit in this case.—Mr. Miley, solicitor, of St. Helens, said he was afraid that was so. His clients were the Miners' Union who Rot the provisions Inserted in the Coal Mines Regulation Act. He thought the difficulty might be met by the appoint - mentor some magistrates whO were not disqnal i fled he Clerk suggested that the case should be adjourned to the County Petty Sessions at Warrington.—Mr. Stuart said he p,elerred to have it heard at Newton, It would rather give point to Mr. Riley's argument if the h-acing of the case were rernoveA to Warrlngton.—The Chairman said the case would be adjourned to the next Court at Newtod when arrange- ments would be male for a bench of magistrates to be pre- sent who would be able to hear the case. ALL ABOUT • PIGEON —.runes Holland was charged with gaming with money at Ilaydock on the 12th inst.. and Matthew Hazelden, Charles Hazelden. John King. James Lyons, and Henry Smith were charged with aiding and abetting. —P.C. ltewcliffe stated that he was coming out of his station in Millfield-lane, Haydock, when he saw the de- fendants standing in a ring. Holland tossed several copper coins into the air, and the other defendants were watching. When they saw witness they moved away. He told them that they wont I be reported, and Holland replied that that/ had only been tossing about a pigeon.—The Chairman said the magistrates believed the defendants were tossing for a oigeon without being aware that they were infringing the law. They would be dismissed on this occasion. A GREENGROCER AND HIS SCALER.—Thomas dnaith. green- grocer of Haydock, Win, charged with haying In his possession , for use in trade two pairs of scales on the 7th February, which I were unjust.—lnspector Brien deposed that he visited the , defendant's shop, and saw the wile of the defendant. He examined the scales and found a medium pair of scales six drachms out of balance against the purchaser. There was also a small pair of scales which were unjust to the extent of one drachm against the purchaser. They were adjusted the tol owing day,—The magistrates did not milder it a very bad cts,i, and Rued the defendant in the costs only. AN UNPROVOKED Asimour.—Joseph Clayton, of Golborne, was summoned on a charge of assaulting Abel Rostron, at Golborne, cn the 6th t ebruary.—The complainant stated that on the date mentioned be was returning from

A CARD. Reverend Joleph flolrnes' Improved Mexican Pre- scription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weak ness, exhausted vitality, kidney or bladder diseases gravel prostate, spinal weakness, brain fag and kindred complaints—discovered in Mexico. It has stood the test for twenty-two years. Thouoands cured. Send a self- addressed stamped envelope to Jour.'" HOLMES' REMEDY CO., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Square,London, and get particulars of this great Specific free. Mention whether for male or female. Geauine sufferer.; need only apply. Biwar f swmilio: imitators and igu want quacks,

Abram when on reaching Church-at, Golborne, he was met by the defendant who without any provocation struck him on the forehead. Witness asked him what it was for, but the defendant gave him no explanation, and continued striking him Witness the told him that he would make him pay for it The defendant, who was under the influence of drink, said he would knock him into mincemeat, lie thereup m struck witness once more. and knocked him Into the hedge. Some neighbours came out, and remonstrated with the defendant who again knocked witness into the hedge.—Several witnesses were called who corroborated the complainant's statement. The defendant teceived no provocation. He was under the influence of drink at the time —The defendant had practically no defence. He stated that he only pushed the complainant. In answer to the Chairman as to how the scar came upon the complain- ant's facie, the defendant said the complainant must have re- ceived It when he was pushed into the hedge.—The chairman said the magistrates considered it a very unprovoked and brutal assault. The defendant would be fined SOs and costs. HUSBAND AND WIFE AT VARIANCE.—Edward Rodgers, a collier of Haydock was charged with committing an assault noon his wife. Jane Rodgers. on the 19th February—hr. Stuart represented the detendant.—The complainant stated that on the date named her husband complained ab ant her nut keeping the doorstep clean. When she commenced to sweep the house he would not allow her to do so, and struck her on the face with his fist, and then took the brush from her with which he hit her on the back. He had struck her on previous oceasions.—ln eross-examination by Mr. Stuart, witness stated that she had been married to the defsndant for nine years. Her husband's wages were 358. a week, and her son also worked with him as a drawer. She admitted that he had given her as much as 23 1,35. a week.—The Chairman said the fact that the defendant had given his wife wa,res to that extent showed that he WAS not a 'tory Istd husband. He would suggest that the Case be adjourned for two months, and in the meantime the Police Court Missionary might endetwour to bring the twi partloa together agalu.—Mr. Stuart agreed to this course being taken.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
:EAK

Many persons are LuNGs in a condition to invite Lung disease, by reason of inherited tendency or other causes. Weak Lungs can be fortified by ANGIER'S PETRO- LEUM EmULS:ON. It acts through the blood directly upon the lungs. Its antiseptic properties make it invaluable in repelling the attacks of germ disease, while it also soothes and heals any inilammation of the mucous membranes. It pro- motes appetite, aids digestion, and puts On flesh rapidly. Unlike Cod-Liver Oil, it is perfectly agreeable to take.

AINGREpws ;a uLew**lON P. Pe,troieum gvg

- - - --- - is prescribed by the meical profession anditsed in the largest hospitals. Beware of imitations made With ordinary petroleum. The oil used in Angler's Emulsion is obtained frcm particular wells, and IS Specially purified for internal use. Of chemists, BAKPLE BOTTLE FREE on receipt of :-d. to cover postage. ANGIER CHEMICAL COMPANY, Limited, 32 SNOW HiLL, LONDON. E.C. '

tures. Foremost is the article " HE COLONIAL NEWSPAPSI PRESS.—Tne Colonial and Foreign "Supplement" to the 1898 editioa of "The News- paper Press Directory " possesses many interestin,, Trade within the Em- pire," by Mr. E. E. lirillimna (author of" Made in Ger- many"), who has followed up his contributien to last • year issue with more convincing facts and figureS of vital importance to every British manufacturer who has business relations with our Colonies. south Africa and Canada are well and comprehensively treated by egperi- enced writers, and in view of the new preferential tariff which comes into tORIN on July 30 of the present year,the latter country claims the attention of every ex- porter. The Trade Returns for the whole of the British Empire are set forth in minute detail, under the heads of the various Colonies and Dependencies. Thestatistice of British trade with foreign countries are also given. The Gazatteer s.ctioes coutain,as usual, full particulars of the Colonial Newspaper Prees.and throughout are re- plate with the latest and moat reliable information. Am article, copiously illmitrated, bearing the title " Some representative Colmdal New,maper Offies," contains in- teresting derails concerning the fine buildings from which the principal jourriala emanate.

Ta SUFFERERS FRO3f ASTHMA.. BRoNCHITIS, SHORTNESS OF BREA:TH.Bo —Dr. Lococx's PUL3IOIILC WAFERS. Mr. Jewell, Chemist, 151, London-road. Liverpool, writes :—"Mr. Oates, over eighty years of age, after being cured of Asthma by Your Wafers, takes them occasionally for Bronchitis, Shortness of! I Breath. and Difficulty of breathing after Cold, and believe he would have been dead long ago but for their use. In lAsthma, Consumption, Bronchitis, Coughs, Colds, Sh9rtness of Breath, Phlegm, Pains in the Chest. and Rheumatism. 1 they give instant relief fmti a rapid cure. D. LOCOCIeII WAFERS taste pleasantly. Sold at 1. lid., Ze. 9d., 48, ad..and us. per box, by ell Crtig{ist,l. 3

===== 0002601_18980225_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRI 'la Y, FEBR U A Y 25, 898.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

PRICKEITMItS will be glad to know that Qzoisgs k-) Buss E 7 & Co.'s Catalogue is out, and may be obtained from Sports Dealers. This Manufacturing Firm is always bent on improvements. One of G. G. B. 16 Co.'s Specialities for the coming season is the new "Match" Ball, which, by reason of an Improved method tof constructing the cover, they guarantee will keep a true shape longer, and wear better than any ball made under the Old system. The price remains the

"* Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note tha reports of matches played oa Saturday mast be sent to the Head Office. Bacysey-strea, Vrarrington nct later than 10 o'ctookon Thursday morninget-they cannot baser laser ted.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WA.RRINGTON V. WIGAN.

A TAME EXHIBITION.

----- Another friendly encounter was provided for the Wilderepool spectators on Saturday, the Wigan teara paying a second visit to Warrington. Both teams were composed of a mixed variety of players. The home lot with the exception of the forwards , was far different from ordinary. Scott played with Bate behind the scrimmage, Raynor and Wilson in the threequarter line. and Hallam full back. Wigan also wave several first-teamers a rest, notable among these being Rhoden, Dixon, and Halliwell. There was only a motherate gate, 4,0d0 being about the aggregate. A strong wind blew from goal to goal, but the dey wag otherwise well suited for football, Mr. kandcock of Runcorn was the referee. The teams were as follows : Warrington : Hallam, full back •, Moores, Raynor, Cross, and Wilson, three-quarter backs ; Bate and Scott, half backs; Taylor,elaylor, Morrison, Barrett, Swift, Deakin, Fairhurst, and Robay, forwards. Wigan: Joseph Winatanley, full back; TiMoney Jago, Gainey, Dwyer, three-quarter backs; John Winstanley and Paet,half-backs ; Yates, McCarthy, Turner, Blackburn, Rigby, W. R. Brown, G. Brown, and W. Brown, forwards. Rigby started the game for Wigan against the wind, Tax lot kicking in touch, and presently by ()Teich, tac- tics, Wigan entered the home half. Wilson missed Timoney but the latter failed to get far with the ball. Scott got the ball out and foliowing his kick prevented any return from. Dwyer. A passing movement along the Wigan backs was checked by Raynor and Moores who both "went for"Jago at the same time. Cross and Wit- sen put Warrington on the offensive, the former punt- ing cleverly and the latter grassing Thnoney. Moores put in 89111(1 fine plsy on his wing and while tackling him John Winatanley had the misfortune to break his arm. rhia accident reduced Wigan's strength by ono, and the homeatere had comparatively easy svork.Mooters, Cress and Wilson exchanged quickly,the latter centreing neatly. Timoney was frequently frustrated by Willson who was making amends for his early mistake. Bate nicely got drat and giving Moores A wide pass, the lat- ter ran in a good try but was recalled for a knock-en. The score was not long postponed however, for a scrim- ' !wage on the-lit:wave Scott the ball, and he at once I dived through the forwards. The same player's kick at I goal failed. Gainey attempted relief for Wigan, but found Bate impassable. A couple of penalties to War- ringtem were 'reproductive as usual, but Wilson tested I the Wigan defence by a short kick which Fairhurst al. I I most c Inverted into a try. Half-time came with War-I rington leading by a try to nil. 1 Taylor commenced hostilities, R piney running well ' into Wigan territory before passing wildly. Aided by the wind Wigan kicked strongly and forced the home team on their line. rimoney marked near touch, and then dropped a beautiful goal. The difference of a single poifit between them roused both teams to renewed I activity. Warrington were pressed warmly,Hallam ac- quitting himself well of his work. Bate get away and handed to Roynor.who made a long run into the Wigan half before before being grassed. A clever bit of dribb- I ling by Berratt and Scott called upon Joe Winetaniey. who saved well near his lino. A mark by Yates gave Timoney another shot at goal which was only a little wide of the mark. Moores com- plied with a couple of speedy runs to centre, and alto- other the home defence was good. A fine chance fell to Werringten later. Winstanlev mulled the ball on the line and Creel and Deakin pounced on it at the same moment,but impeded one another to such an extent that the oval glided over the dead ball line. The final whistle sounded soon a ter,Warringten retiring winners by a try (3 points), to Wigan a goal (2 points).

===== 0002601_18980225_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE "CHEMICALS" DEFEAT RUNCORN AT WIDNES.

The mePLing b3twcen neighbJurs Ills always been looked upon as a very Warm occasion. The inter- est was not less than that A pr.:coding years and subse- quently tharo was a very large muster on the stands and lincd round he raila on Saturdi,y. This was the second meeting of the sesson,Widnes having visited the Cheshire town fr,r the first engagement. The battle then was a very stiff one but Runcorn were victorious. Since that time the teams have greatly altered, for while Runcorn is descending, Widoes are doing the reverse. Mr. Crutrp.i)suo WAS ti C rferee and he had under his con- tent ihs following players:—

__Widr.c3 : By, trick; Brennan, Rispan, Nevitt, an.,

‘. Peters, three-quarter backs; Murphy and Douglas, hall' backs; 'lampoon, Heslop. Hunt,Dennolly,Grace,Travers Johnson, and Handley, forwards. , Runcorn: Houghton, back ; West, Buttorworth, Woods, and Gaycer,three-quarters; Robinson and Faulk- ner, half-baJcs; Bettley, Walker, Moores, F. Gayter, Darlington, Farmer, Lightfoot,and Johnson forwards. Against a strong wind Farmer set the oval in motion. A poor return was made by Widnes, but Runcorn made very little progress. Scrimmages took place near the liae and West cleared the danger. Baty made his mark lin an easy place but nothing came of it. Play was in Runcorn's quarters when Faulkner received from a scrimmage, but his kick was charged d and Widnes nearly got over. West managed to stop progress in the nick of time. Butterworth relieved the pressure and sent the ball to midpeld. Lightfoot and W. Gayter followed up and carried play to neutral territory. Batey tried for goal but the ball was carried away by the wind. The , leather did not remain here forlMurphy with a long kick sent it int,* Rancorn's quarters. West made a good sprint along the touch line, but the ball was soon re turned. Houghton was loudly applauded for the brilliant piece of work he performed in dodging three of his op- ponents before he was floored. An exciting time was it now, for Widnes were making determined efforts to score, and after some rather confused play Brennan nicely dropped on the leather and scored. Batey made a paor attempt at goal. A few minutes afterwards Murphy threw to Peter a when near the line,and the ball went into touch. A grand sprint by West took matters to centre where the visitors tackled well. A little later the ball was seat to Houzhton who passed to Gayter. The ball was sent back by tne wind and Widnes running up very nearly scored, Gayter just managing to secure it. Runeorn defended well and Robinson a length got the ball and passed to West who kicked we alAd the oval was sent to Widnes quarters. Pla d not long remain here for Widnes immediately wi the leather to Runcorn' a lines. Baty received a pass and jumped over two or three Merl but was finally floored by Houghton. A little later Widnes were again en the lines, and Robinson in order to prevent them from scoring touched down. Houghton was tackled under the posts and a scrimmage resulted. Rispan received a pass and sent to Brennan, the latter being held up on the line. Half time came with the score Widnes one try, Runcorn ail.

After the refresher Johnson kicked off, Butterworth making a poor return. Widnea by a good forward rush carried matters to Runcorn's 25. A grand rush by the home forwards was stopped by Lightfoot at • entre. Run- corn took matters to the homesters goal line and Travis secured and passed to Brennan who ran well into the visitors' quarters,West stopping his progress. Play was delayed a little owing to the latter being hurt. Widnes remained in Runcorn's 25 for some time. Scrimmages took place and after a passing movement Donnelly scored,Baty kicking the goal.Farrner resumed.and Reslop broke up a passing movement initiated by Robinson. IA few minutes later Batts was forced to touch down. A grand forward rush initiated by Hammon took the play to the visitors' 25. A scrimmage resulted and Runcorn got away to centre. Gayter by a long kick sent the ball to Baty who returned with a splendid punt. Butter- worth carried the ball to the homesters' lines where Murphy was stopped by Gayter in getting away. From a scrimmage a pass was thrown to Butterworth who nicely landed a goal. The ball was transferred to the visitors' quarters and Houghton's kick was charged down and the leather rolled into touch. Play was next taken to centre where Hampson sent the ball out very badly. Murphy secured and running up passed to Bren- nan who made a nigh for the line. He passed all his opponents except Houghton. The latter met him in fine iityle and floored him. The game soon after ended with Widnes winning by eight points to two. PARE JUNIORS V FAIRFIELD HORNETS. —This match I was played on the Hornets' ground at Marsh-st., on Sat- urday. The homesters won the toss and Evans kicked off against a strong breeze. At the onset the visitors pressed and made a. brief visit to the Hornets' goal. They were sent hack to their own quarters by Bottomley,who put his side on the attack. Finnegan reversed matters and the Juliorii once more had a spell of attacking. Half time arrived with a blank score sheet. Bolton re- started, and the Hornets at once began to give trouble but Finnegan put the visitors on the attack. Shortly afterwards Foster picked the ball up from a scrimmage and passed to Battomley, who dropped a splendid goal. Nothing further was scored, and the hemesters won a well contested game by a dropped goal (2 points) to nil.

NORTHERN UNION. LANCASHIRE SECTION. A meeting was held in Manchester on Tuesday night when the following permits were granted :—EI. Hall (Shipley) with Leigh,W. 3. Raynor (Leeds) and R. Wil- son (Goole) with Warrington,and S. L. Mannock(Black- ley) and J. Stretton (Manchester Athletic) with Brough- ton Rangers. A charge of foul charging against Heslop of Widnes, was not sustained.

MAZ tWATTRE The Standard Brand MAZAWATTBB af Tea for MAZAWATTRE FINE QUALITY, MAZ AWATTER DELICACY or FLAVOUR,MAZ AWATTI3IB HCoromr IN USE, MaZAWATTEB Sold by HENRY MILLING and Co.. LIMITED. 5, norsemarket-street. and Corporation Buildings, Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington

===== 0002601_18980225_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN CRW-COUNTRY CHAMPIONSHIP.

SUCCESS OF A WIDNES HARRIER.

The most interesting event of the season to cross- country runners in the North of England is the race for the Northern Chatnpionship,and this season, tor various reasons,the fixture aroused more interest probably than any of its 15 predecessors. The venue of the race which took place on Saturday afternoon was Trafford Park, Manchester,and although its situation was inconvenient of approach, the course was eminently suitable, consist- ing of a circuit of ai miles of undulating park land, with easy natural obstacles. This circuit had to be covered four times, making a total distance of 10 miles. There was a record entry of 23 clubs. comprising 207 runners and the actual competitors WI mbered 205. runners, of Salford, who was third last ytar was installed first favourite, but Harrison (holder), of Manchester, Entwistle (runner up), Bolton, Barlow, of Manchester, end Tennant, West Cheshire, were all strongly fancied. The weather was not ot the best, a keen wind blowing, accompanied occasionally by drizzl- ing showers- The big field of runners soon tailed out, and at the quarter distance the first flight included Hosker, of Farnworth, Widnes,Harriion and Barlow and at the half distance these three were still in front, Har- rison now leading, with Hosker, Barlow, Tennant, Crook (Salford). and Marsh following in the order' named. The result was still a puzzle, but entering the last two miles Hosker and Marsh were running I together with a good load. A dina-dong race ensued between these two right to the finish. Hosker eventually staggering in 40 yards ahead of Marsh, who was also run out. The result cams as a great surprise toi everyone ; but Hosker ran a magnificent race, and fully deserved the victory. The winner's time was 59min. 375ec. Harrison (Manchester) was 3rd, Barlow (Man- chester) 4th, Crook (Salford) sth,Houriam (Airedale)&h, Hale (Liverpool Pembroke) 7th, White (Airedale) Bth, Griffiths (Manchester) 9th, and Reeves (Crewe) 10th. Club Placings : Ist, Manchester 11,30 points ; 2nd, Salford H, 149 ! 3rd Crewe Tally-ho 11, 230 ; 4th, Farn- worth (Widnes), 233 ; sth, Crewe 11, 235, 6th,B Ron Primrose H, 250 ; 7th. Leeds A.C.13,288 ; Bth, Liverpool Sefton H, 363 ; 9th, Bolton 11, 416 ; 10th. West Cheshire H, 469 ; 11th, Liverpool Pembroke El, 476 ; 12claNelson H, 501 ; and 13th Eccles H, 591. Warrington Orford H, Northwich H, Manchester Cyclist H, North Manchester H, Broughton H, Liver- pool Gymnasium H, Liverpool H and AC, Mac- clesfield H, Airedale H, and Farnworth (Bolton) H failed to finish six runners, and are therefore un- placed. Of the 205 starters, 129 completed the die- tance,the last man to finish being R J Jonas,of the Man- chester Cyclists, who was nearly 20 minutes behind the winner. The Farnworth run finished as follows :—J Hosker, 1; A Haynes, 25; G Wright, 33; W 11 Jones, 53; T Elnghes,s7; T Houghton,64; total, 233 points.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL- CIItTR,CHES.

WYCLIFFE P.S,A • SOCIETY.

The Winwick-street Co-operativo Hall was again filled on Sunday afternoon when the meeting of the Wycliffe IP.S.A. Society was held there in consequence of the irenovation of the church. There would be about 800 present. Councillor Arthur Bennett presided, and said he was pleased beyond measure that the society was progressing in the way it was. Referring to the prac- tical teaching of Christ, he said they weie all apt to think that religion was a state of the mind or of the emotions, but that was altogether contrary to all true notions of religion. After all these years in which re ligion had been in the world they were only just begin- ning to realise that religion was "being" rather than be- lieving. Action was more than belief and conduct more than mere creed. It was their duty to carry Christianity into every detail of their life. How many apparently good Christians there were who tried to take undue advantage of their customers or deal unfairly with their workmen. How absolutely rotten was in- dustrial life. It was due to the mistaken idea that re- ligion was a matter of believing rather than being. Pro- ceeding, the Chairman alluded to the want of the true spirit of Christianity in the relations between masters and men,and in public life as well as in private life. He wished to point out that if they did wrong they would have to suffer for it.—Mr. King,of Manchester, was the speaker, and he drew some useful lessons to be learned from derelicts. A solo, entitled " The King of Life. my Shepherd is "was sung very effectively by Mr. W. H. Wallington. The service was also taken part in by the Rev. J. Benson,of Leigh, Mr. B. Farrar, and Mr. David Owen.

DELICIOUS NI AWATTRE DELICIOUS MAZAWATTER DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE DELICIOUS HAZAWATTEE Recalls the choice Teas ot thiaty years ago, Sold by HENRY MILLING and Co., LIMITED, 5, Horsemarket-street. and Corporation Buildings, Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington.

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUE.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

PoINTS.

yea 4.6 en. Sept. 4—Tyldesley a 0 19 11—Rochthle H., h 18—Wigan, a 25—Stockport, h Oct. 2—Broughton R.,h 0 2 9—Swinton, h 16—Morecambe, a l3 0 23—St. He ens, a 8 3 30—Leigh, h Nov. 6—St. Helens Recs,h 8 ...... 2 13—Runcorn. a 20 —Salford, a 3 13 27—Rochdale 11 , a Dec. 4—Tyldes!ey, h 11—Oldham, a 18—Wigan, h 25—Widnes, h 27—St Helens, is 8 0 Jen. I—Leigh, a 8 —Morec anbe, h lO 2 15—Oldham, is 22—Salford, is 3 3 29—Stockport, a Feb. s—Swinton, a 12—Hull Kingston Rovers h 0 21. 19—Wlgau. is 26—Cup tie (Wakefield Trinity a) Mar. 12—Runcorn, is April. 2—Broughton R., a B—Widnes. a 9—Birkenhead Wanderers, is .. -

11—Lancaster. h 16 St. Holens Rees, a 23—Birkenhead Wanderers, a 30—Champions v, Rest

An iiitinvition has been receive l by the London and North-Western Railway locomotive officials at Crewe that Mr. Hose.., formerly a pia; il at the Crewe Workes has been appointed assistant lcnocnotive superintendent of the Imperial Railways of China. ybirty-two fresh casea of smallpox were notified ab Middlesbrough on Wednesday, making the total numb.= since the oulbrerik 464.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
wORDS OF IVISDOM FOR OUR WIVES

Being a new treatise of advice and Information for the married. It is fully illustrated, and contains information worth HUNDREDS OP POUNDS. Send at once, and yea will never regret doing so. Post free, one stamp for postage,. 32 pages. Illustrated lists of Rubter appliances. Prevent:a. Oyes, ect. Post free 2 stamps.

7't _ lAD AM PAUL, 10, HOLYWiLL-STRRICT, STRAND, LONDON.

" As A SATE, PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE fOi Srofula, Scurvy. Eczema. Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Dimon Pimples and Sores of all,kinds, we Can with confident% recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture, "It is certainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medics Iskill have brought to light." Thousands of Testitnosield Sold everywhere, et 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthies mitations .i. h.:H.-iv-, —47. f 31

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, FEBR,U.ARY 25, 1.89 5 . _ .. [A 1% '• ,\-: . , A LOCAL BUILDER, AND HIS-CA.RTER. ~ • ), • ~. , -,, MD i.: ,i 7 to , .1-• ~..1 . trA..**4 il h et 'Ne. es -• 1 i'''' ' ". Z 44. CLAIM OR DAMAGES. fa ee. esltte t e . . - eseee "se ... - ;,,,,,,_..., . Ar,_A21,,,21 it ei . ,i. es e , .... ,re .. .0., Atx , , . . , ,liatilm'i .• . eskt •4 oi ine( Before His Honour Judge Wynne Pfoulkes at the ode • ! ISPENSABLE TO LINER i Particularly Warrington County Court on Thursday afternoon, • Herbert lizard, builder, Padgate, claimed 18s. from Lay Prracher, of Bracebridge, Lincoln, writes :-" Awhile ago I was taken serioUely ''sf ill and suffered most severely from pain in the stomach arising from 1,, _ those who ) desire al:luta, safe and reliable and non-Injurious William Pritchard, carter, Padgate, owing to the tax: remedy for all obstructions and Irregularities, a medi- latter leaving his employ without giving a Week's 'Mgr) X ItOrM 0/11.10 IC) =5, -r rig eine which cires (usually in a few hours) casts which notice.-Mr. Percy Davies represented the plaintiff have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady I summoned my Doctor, but he failed to give any relief. A friend strongly need despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins defended. have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. II opening the case, Mr. Davies said the plaintiff was advised me to try Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your a builder and resided at Padgate. The defendant was a P • AI 00.11 Invaluable remeey took immediate effect; in lead .ee, carter in his employ and received 183. a week in wages. PAGE WOODCOCK'S WIND PILLS than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of ',•:%, misery and hopelessness." A properly certified On January let when Mr. Ezard gave the defendant his • wages he also gave him a week's notice to leave. On I did so, and a Most remarkable change for the bettor took place. I thought tniterapnactragies eant cl4,i.ge is veuistuhally testimonialssuen t afici,rd medicine.anycase the following Monday morning, Mr. lizard was at the I was marked for death, but I have been brought from death to life. I have been . . Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- o°6l hrs and proofs. I will forfeit 8,2,000 if the testis stables when the defendant commenced work, and he the means of selling hundreds of your Pills. • , . told Pritchard to take a different mare out to the one he trionials are not genuine. Thousands of unsolicited ' All Sufferers from INDIGESTION, LIVER COMPLAINTS ' testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by was accustomed to. The defendant replied " I shall 9 ..' showy advertisements and other so-called remedies drive no other horse than the one I was engaged to BILIOUSNESS, SICK HEADACHE, SPASMS, ezo should avail : NI , which are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. drive." Mr.Ezard replied "While you are in my employ i's Norice,--This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have you must obey my orders." The defendant then themselves of this most excellent medicine. . '-,.„:,::,. the largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and left the premises and did not return. It was ' All Medicine Vendors 1/q & 2/9. Post free for Price from only harmless medicine of its kind f-r ladies, • *tie ern cures more patients in one month than all other Female only fair to say that in December, .1897, one of 3PALar3EI SVC, Carla Clolo=, 3Ca3CIWeDX.IetT. v ~ , Remedies put together in twelve months. This can the inspectors of the Royal Society for the • be proved by our Testimonials. Prevention of Cruelty to Animals stopped one of Mr. e e i 303 If you require more particulars, I will send you per Ezard's men for using the mare in question ,and told him return of post, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid to take it back to the stables. That seemed to be the Book (34 pages) and Guide cloth covers, On pages and 4 mdliggigt -,:)iio., '40,: - O'C 40 illustrations of Ladies Appliances), and full particulars reason why the defendant refused to take the mare out, -_- _ _______ S ; of the wonderful effective remedies as advertised and put on his coat and went home. Mr.Ezard claimed . 9O 0 -0- P_2o a 0:10 BLAISDELL' ell I and sold in every town and village in Great Britain. 183 from the defendant for leaving his employ without Consultations Free every day 3to 7. Established overiff,- 200 years. serving a week's notice. BeHe had taken that action as a matter of principle. It might be argued that the defend. Do not delay, but write at once privately to ant was justified in refusing to work the mare, but he I USER . 0 • ..,... ,f all MADAIVIE FRAINg.. was prepared to say that it was perfectly well and had :á iS DELL been working ever since it was stopped. Mr. Davies was ONLY ..,11S , emist Satlleal Institute, Hackney Road, London, N 4 proceeding to refer to the conduct of the Inspector in the • .- Opposite Shorediteh Church.) matter,when his Honour stopped him,and said he would l' IMPi .ig;,\„ la Af5.................................... - nolzrobienrttortrtd, matter. builder, carrying on business at Pad- '44lll‘' SELF ......_ gate, stated that the defendant was in his employ. He di . Tr...a...G.61hi cleat CI is Ga EL:3415. Remedy . gave the man notice on January let, and on the follow- -14. Ilt In use from the year 1826. ing Monday the defendant came to his work. Witness POINTiNG ...-.. said "I want you to drive the other mare this morn- , ~ . • sb teesses'es' wee" ee ' • '''"'',.2 '7'‘.; " , 3 morn- ing," to which the defendant replied " I shall drive no , 81% . . '. ': ta • ,41. ', , `,' . ' ' other mare than that whioh I was engaged to drive." I All Colours. All Grades. ~.....,_ i ~..,.. Witness did not engage the defendant to drive any par- , ticular animal. The defendant refused to take out the No Waste. Best Leads. mare and left his employ without serving the week's SOLD EVERYWHERE. SAMPLE BOX 1/-. ie notice.-Cross-examined : Be remembered the mare As 1„1.01,E41 1 e -.4ed being complained about by tbe Inspector, ana sent back te the stables. He did not see the Inspector until BLAISDELL PENCILS LIMITED, 46, HOLBORN VIADUCT, LONDON, E.C. 17 "/ Xi 9 some time afterwards. The defendant did not say )CI kkel A .iit when he declined to drive the mare that be might get , into trouble if he did so. Witness did not say to the 7d Bpi nix splendid medicine should be in every household. D .IN CASES OF On the appearance of the First defendant that if he would not drive the mare pped I BOUGHS (RECENT) m_srntArlf,ZaAltariEtlgt 417. or CHROnmin nineteen out of twenty eases, he might go about his business. He did not say any- thing like it. It was untrue that two or three carters had left his employ on the same ground, is, of being ri s 6 , --; ruin. AND :rad it I°,l e intoilgr lt 1n.,,, The Danger (t...,;7-ar ilses, i ore Ba BRONCHIAL At the first suspicion Of afraid to drive the mare through fear of being stopped. W 5 quite fit to draw bricks on hard road. It &lei T------1, A' .1 ENZA tote it—as troll as when The mare rulses the well-marked symptomo.aatctitthat the mare was always more or less AFFECTIONS ffrl73:4llatT tineAFlFllif of the lame,wasnoot i athf LUNGS, and other direful effeata had been sent back twice to the stable. rej Ifrom a Cough stable, Persevere with this mai- of this alarming disease. Cita, and rose can hardly REV. F. F.. Hawn, of Derby, It waeoustotnary in the trade to give a week's notice. He always told men when engaging them as carters t to a week's .notice on either '''-elg '• ' • 4. ~,, -i! .) - if Houn H fail ie get the cough ,y ;.illt.:.,BX4:d.ltd;lrrozutugentl44llnbt &pi ter of 1 X ligv€di and iht ,rome••ia• INFLUENZA last May." side. 114, 1n7,1) g symptoms to din:Hear. _ horse that they were subjec Samuel Robinson, feeder for Mr. Bedard, said the ru2 is in the weakness of the system. 141,44 - ..,,.. . ~. L, 3e: 6d ie==s r Or In that very dietreeeing disease, For ROARBENESS it is mare was tit to work' on the 3rd January when the de- invaluable and fendant refused to take it out. C so terrible, especially to the aged, ' For the defence Mr. Jenkins said his contention was D The cough itself is not a serious ::i7l , .33 ,„.1 C ASTHMA—ALSO plcogellppis_ COHGREVEH BALSAMIOELIXIR SPLENDID that having regard to the fact that the mare was un- 7011 IVI/11 viS U C has beet, the means of woudernd • • • C relief, See the ones of LADY G. BROMLEY (No. XIII. in Mr. FOR THE VOICE doubtedly suffering and unfit for sprit in the earl,: part 1 matter until the strength of the Ifp .v,i . ~, C Cougreve'a Book). .-------- of December, the defendant was justified in refusing to C Also as a ParVINTATIVE OF COLD to Speekers oing drive the mare,inasmueh as he was afraid of being liable system begins to fail. But when :.‘,X,:.,1 Z weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY - md in nil r"A"IIT f 0 a criminal prosecution if he did so. The defendant taken on a small lump or two of sugar in the way of a losenge CONGE.EYEB BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicinethe body grows weak and cans Lit.... f:.•-• Yen/tors in bottles at ls. lid., is. liid., 4a 6d., and family bottle. mtvaasi henadtitbeen t to stoppedthin kso,b by owingthe Inspecthetor c t for that tt late! iLaytiiii i (2 e. st ns. sad 225. I: rissewwwwerirgeweserwwwwvirsvereessewnsner.,, Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and on its flesh for reinforcements it is high time :-. to do something besides taking local specifics. i GREAT TRIUMPH. town, that the mare was unfit to work on the hard setts of the Zel . . Mr. Davies (interrupting) said it would he most unfair i to make use of such evidence. : Scott's Emulsion . WARNER'S SAFE CURE His Honour ;' I think it is unfair if proceedings have i net been instituted. The whole question is whether the • , • order given by the plaintiff was a reasonable one. If the FOR I. owner had been summoned for working it in an unfit lIIIXENNEINgimmEter . : . 'nn. ' irnlbtleemi Int :7 KIDNEY AND URINARY state,then the artier would have been unreasonable. As , • IS not only a specific. It is more. I es no proceedings ha d been taken,he did not see what evi- -2,) . , DISEASES. dence could be adduced now. Mr. Jenkins (continuing) said there was another fea- rpersoivsets the cough. and enables the system to a tore in the case, and that was that when the defendant Et Prescribed by Physicians objected to drive the mare in question the plaintiff told al him he was at liberty to leave. If that was so, and the 2) l• OF coughs, colds, bronchitis and defendant was ordered away from the premisee he was to i. ALL Countries, justified in leaving. He also wished to submit that in . e, DkiTINGUISHED PROOF case His Honour was of opinion that the plaintiff was liable to damages the only loss to the plaintiff was one oaundarseimsiulasic,eapiti You cannot say you are well for you aro not. .t i r OF MERIT, day's wages seeing that Mr. Ezard engaged another man the next day. CI) You need Scott's Emulsion. ' ... - . TI The defendant, Herbert Pritchard, said he bad been accustomed to drive a chestnut mare for the plaintiff. (3: The only remedy which cures On Saturday, the let January Mr. lizard gate him no- In Scott's Emulsion you find cod-liver oil 2, tics to leave. He went to the stable the following Mon- 9 1 , BRIGHT'S DISEASE. day morning when Mr. Ezard told him to drive another hypophosphites and glycerine in a form 'agree- . k t. mare. Be refused to do &amid Mr. lizard then told him 1 -- - he must leave the premises. He was aware that the able to take and easy of digestion. . "Look to your Kidneys mare had been stopped by the Inspector. Inspector Greatrex, of the Royal Society for the Pre- 111 and Good Health will be Yours." vention of Cruelty to Animals, stated that he met the 61°9 TASTE SCOTT'S AND YOU WILL TAKE mare of the plaintiff's in Warrington early on December. (2 He advised the carter to take it back again to the stables NO OTHER. .. Send for Patnslet and Diet Rules to- as it was very lame and unfit for work.-Cross•examined H. H. WARNER & CO., by Mr. Davies: He did not prosecute Mr. Ezerd because SCOTT & BOWIE, LTD., LONDON, E.C. ALL CHEMISTS. 2/6 AND 4/6. 86, Clerkenwell Road, London, EX, when he visited the stables he found that the animal was in far better condition, and was going much better. Price 2/9 and 4,6 per bottle. The horse was it: for light work. Mr. Hewitt, the SOLD ALL OVER. THE WORLD. veterinary surgeon, told him that he had prepared a daisAi ,Q 1 I'. , . . . „ --__ lotion for the mare's leg. He did not think it was unfair ° `V.; -.. • to give such evidence. He was simply there to staee . , chat be lead stopped the mare. He did not intend to . take proceedings against Mr. Ezird in another court.- Be-examined by Mr. Jenkins : The veterinary surgeon . • told him that the mare was fit for light work. He did A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE C}'( EST - s not consider that it was fit to carry bricks througn the i I -'I ~\,...,.. town. . W ITH a prudent use, has saved Many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved ~ i -s., His Honour, in giving his decision, said the question arose whether the plaintiff's order was a reasonable one. V V upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound ellCh as F,jl4. il 1 . As the plaintiff was never summoned, be did not think he ought to say that it was an unreasonable COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, order, and one that justified the servant to disobey his r master's orders. The Inspector had stated that the mare and We find that the desired end may be obtained without steles and weights, or little mysterioue compartments, and enchanted was in far better condition when he next saw it, and Others might be used, but order. He had very great difficulty in determining what d therefore it could not be considered an unreasonable ... X bottles with crystal toppers. Othe .9 was the measure of damages that the plaintiff was en- COCKLE'S PILLS, .1 titled to. The plaintiff succeeded in getting another man the next :day, and so he was little worse off than he as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set would have been if the defendant had not broken his contract. Tie thought he could only give a verdict for do ‘‘,ll as the best.-Observer.Al Lcoc one day's wages, and that was 3s with costs. . 4, 3 POROUS PLASTERS A WARRINGTON BOTTLER'S CORKING COGKLE s FREE FROM MERCUi; MACHINE. Caares_...... ---- . . AN TIBILIO-Us SCIATICA, INDIGESTION, At the Warrington County Court on Thursday be- fore his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkee, a case was AND heard in which Messrs. J. P. Jackson and Company, OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. engineers to the bottling trade,of Liverpool,claimed STIMULATES THE LIVER. £7 Ø. from Mrs. Cunningham,of Warrington,bottler '"' , a - and mineral water manufacturer, balance due on a 13 I/4 Lai /11.1. COCK'S are the onlY genuine, safe, and corking machine supplied by them.—Mr. Pierce, of reliable Porous Plaster made, ao Insist Liverpool, represented the plaintiff, and Mr. Arthur For BILE, LIVER. ACIDITY. INDIGESTION, &c. Browne, defended. on having ALLCOCK'S. Take no other. . In opening the case, Mr. Pierce stated that in Sep- .__ -,111,- --.11,- -••••-VP- --•••—. or —mi.— -..-- tember last Mr. Jackson called upon Mr. Cunningham, lheteeilteensie ''''''' TIA.VI,:s YOU A one of the defendant's sons,and obtained an order for a corking machine. The price was to be L 9 95., but the LET For brain workers, business and professional men, journalists, artists, statesmen, clergymen, BA_D LEG plaintiff agreed to allow £2 for an old machine which th wag to be returned. On the ith October the machine e "D.C.L." Malt Extract Is an almost indis- pensable help, not only to the preservation of the defendant, and on the 10th of th mrm, health, but to the maintenance of working y.... surrounded with inflammationand swollen, that when month Mr. Jackson called to see how the machine was MEDICINE was sent to e same wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps efficiency. Medicine is generally unavailing eZPress your Mora on the inflamed part it leaves the iln. working. Mr. Cunningham said his brother had not against dyspepsia, and the true and rational a Ion? If so, under the eldn you have poison that defies been able to get into the way of working the machine as remedy is the" D.C.L." Malt Extract, which is ' , ise,enieremenies you have tried, which. If not extracted, you it was a different one to that which be bad been used not an additional tax on the stomach, but a ean recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. to but he expressed his willingness to keep it. He sent powerful ally that eases *the burden, and thus tizitap_ . your knees are swollen, the joints being absented ; ' gives the organ time to right itself without machine back, but had not Bent a.aso-e'llosee with the ankles round which the skin may be di'. the old ALONE lowering the system by deprivation of nourigh- -"Red or there may be 'wounds the disease if allowed te a cheque for the balance owing. On the 28th ment. ''The constituents of "D.C.L." Malt tftkHatte, will - * wi deprive you of the power to walk. You may October,the plaintiff received a letter from the defendant AND Extract include those life-giving properties_ iryl,attended various hospitals a 5 had medical advice, and saying that the machine was not answering to the des- phosphate of lime, which builds up the bone and eitold your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- cription given of it. The plaintiff stated to Mr. tissue, malt sugar, dextrine, and albumenoids, IL. en ; but do riot, for I WS OURZ YOU. I don't say Cunningham that the machine could be made to do a inapoi tent nutritive elements, and diastase. -.71.9.; but I arm,. Bemuse other, have failed is no certain amount of work, but that depended largely on TAKE' which acts as a digestive agent, especially in to-r-sesse tor not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order the workman who was in charge of the machine. No regard to starchy foods. The use of " D.C.L." to 614 65. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, Faitnnestiox-svexter Malt Extract diffuses a secret satisfaction C 14,and you will receive a box of guarantee that it would do a certain amount of work "D. L 4A ~" which is a throughout the entire system, and no other food , SSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILIJii, was given by the plaintiff ,but he promised Cunningham that if he could come to Liverpool he would show him so readily takes the fancy of children and in- Nthtebl 0 FOOD vends. It can be obtained combined with Cod certainll remedy for the curs of Bed Legs, House hew the machine was Sting at several bottling stores. Liver Oil, and in thet form is en Ideal prepare,. aTiaimice. e, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands Be, however, never came. Mr.J.P.Jackson said he was an engineer to the bottling "-'l°Mielese tion for fortifying the system against cold. (Registered Copp i uld.) trade,and carried on business under the name of Messrs. Ark Maar Chemist for "D.0.L." Malt Extract, (1/4, . J.P.Jackson and Company. He supported the statement IMPORTANT TO YOU made by his solicitor.-Cross-examined by Mr. Browne, Cole Makers:-THE DISTILLERS Co., Limited, EDINBURGH. witness admitted that his catalogue stated thee the Wheel a man has Buffered for years with a weakness that machine supplied would cork 120 dozens of bottles per '' blights hour. He promised to exchange it if it didn't suit. 'I atf._ h'S life and robs him of all his pleasures ; When, ! , Years of doctoring with all s :rss of patent medicines, Mr. Browne said his case was that the machine sup- FITS OR EPILEPSY, power and energy that eeeined lost for ever, that plaintiff would exchange it for one that would, the GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS. Quality is the important requisite A oina ee t lest the right treatment, which brings back to plied could not do the work stipulated, and that if the 211tould have every reasan to be thankful. money would be paid. teeVIRDIC&L TREATISE (96 Peges) on this scientific and A CERTAIN METHOD of CURE has been discovered for Matthew Cunningham, son of the defendant,. stated these distressing oomplaints. It is never knows to fail, ',Rd which is p!aced first by the makers 4,4 'niece...fit,' method for the rap d and permanent cure of that he ordered the machine from the plaintiff who will cure the most hopeless case after all other means have Itilsesc4la Debility and the kindred physical and , ervous stated that it would bottle 120 dozen per hour. The been tried. Full particulars free of of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- all charge: Address b Vrio:itt, also on Diseases of the Skin bladder, Blood, and reekFrY System may he obtained by, post. in envelope, on machine supplied would not bottle 40 dozen per hour. Wldt, of 4 Stamps, by writing to day to Messes. His brother was an experienced bottler, and he was un- MR. WILLIAMS, sence. Makes a cup in a moment. . siißpilsoN exn CO.. 3 AND 4, FITZ A.LAN-SQ IWO, able to make the machined° more than that. They had 11, BURWOOD PLACE, HYDE PARK, LONDON. sAsseAskOasuesseeveeedWaressysee i No Toilet Every 8"). another machine which would do 88 dozen per hour. the tarried and single men should avail himself oil John Cunningham, brother of the last witness, gave - thorouWit_l_mity to secure a copy of this. valuable ho? 9, w.hrolem' evidence as to trying to make the machine do the quant- !seep ee tt e explains their ailments arising I ity stipulated. It was impossible to do more than 40FREE TO MEN. For PILES, ULCERATED LEGS "When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious I 41 1. sworryEDa.nd their r ipid aud permanent cure. dozen an hour with it. The plaintiff tried to work the prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but AND ALL WOUNDS AND SKIN DISEASES, machine, and altered the handle. It was WOrile after only min your digestive organs write to me and I will send 17se Dr. Roberts' Poor Idan's Friend ointment. 1 ADDEROS- that. His Honour held that the machine was guaranteed to TRICITaYri yeu ab ok which describes& QUICK AND CERTAIN cure eaforucleost strength, wasting weakness, ect., from whatever Proved by over 100 years' use in all part. of the Empire to be the best. Many Wonderful Cures. Use Dr. Roberta' Messrs, WiLKINSON & Co., cork 120 dozen bottles per hour. He did noz think the .sinsitntNino eSaTvOeropeACoHn MED ICIFNE, No Emig. AXerative Pills for all Impurities of the Blood, and all Disorders of tbe Stomach and Liver. Of all Chemists, 11f, , I Pitzalan Square Sheffield. plaintiff wag entitled to bring that action at present,and he must non-suit him with costs. postage. receipt o_ two stamps for 29, and 11/- each, or of the Sole Maker.; Beach a Barnicott, Ltd., iirldport, Dorset. Marriott TIM PAPER. ) A. J. Lxion,92-93, Great liussell-street,London, W.O.

London, LW.

iTORENE."

"RESTORENE" HAIR STAIN For Grey or Faded Hair. No SmelL Washable Nourishing and Lasting. Price ltes or Post Free 1,9.

"RESTORENE." The Most Marvellous Discovery of the 19th Century For Strengthening and Invigorating the HAIR. BEARD. and MOUSTACHE BALDNESS successfully cured by a regular aud systematic use of " RESTO RENE." - •

Pnoe 1/6 & 2/6 post free from the Sole Propneeom TES "REBTORENE " CO., 90a, Bs.rtholomew Rosa,

•.

i 1 ) 1 a 1 I 1 It t t 1 „ 11

STA-D „ 6, _ . , STAINS THE - DOES NOT HAIR SHAN INY SHADE . - THE HAIR DESIRED. LIKE A DYE. e , ~ ~ 0 i 44, , --...-1,4,0). 6,,0,6 4. Table complete without " RE S'

===== 0002601_18980225_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
TELL YOUR FRIENDS THAT

BC oTs CASH CHEMISTS,

The Largest Retail Chemists in the World, HAVE OPENED A SECOND BRANCEI AT

MARKET GATE, Warrington.

The other address is—

35, Bridge St., Warrington.

IMPORTANT NOTICE. There are some shops where cheap drugs are sold, but where the quality of the goods is inferior in proportion to their cheapness—in fact they are old and stale, cheap and nasty. We, however, have established a FIRST- CLASS SHOP, under the supervision of a FULLY- QUALIFIBD MANAGER. to retail the newest and best drugs to the people at reasonable prices. We commend the following facts to your attention : DON'T BUY STALE ORUUS. We sell too fast to keep any—having such a number of outlets In different towns that quantities melt away like snow, and we are always hiving fresh supplies. We can beat any atber chemists' prices in tbe kingdom, for the following five reasons :- I.—We have an immense turnover in other towns, which lightens expenses all round.

2.—We buy very large quantities at one time, to supply all our shops. 3.---We must get on selling, and there- fore mark prices down to the lowest point.

4.—We give the public the benefit of our discounts. 5.--We buy direct from the makers, and thus save intermediate profits. All Goods guaranteed fresh and of standard excellence

All the advantages a co-operation may be s-cored with- out trouble by customers dealing with BOOTS. THE CASH PRIOR DISPENSING CHE3dISTS, who prepare Physicians' Prescriptions and Fa'naily Recipe 3 with Pure Drugs at about ONE-HALF THE USUAL CHARGES, or equal to an immediate dividend of 50 per cent, on the outlay.

• Each Branch is under the management of a fully- qualiiied Chemist. BOOTS, Cash Chemists, Dealers in Perfumery, Patent Medicines, Pure Drugs and Toilet Articles. BOOTS do the largest trade

direct with the public In England, and can therg )re sell at the cheapest rates, and also guarantee the perfect freshness of their stock, which is an important considera- tion where drugs are concerned.

BOOTS, Z' CAv..EMISTS,

ADDRESSES— MARKET GATE, 35, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON. Also at Liverpool, Manchester, Blackpool, Accrington, etc. Boots, Cash Chemists, Head Offices, Nottingham,

JESSE BOOT, Managing Director

===== 0002601_18980225_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
813TABLI3HED 1830 (68 TZARS).

PILLS AND tNTNT

(IT oRIAL la The Pictorial tutor being published at Nett 14.) Price, it cannot be obtained of any.book or musicseller under Eis NOFORTE Descriptive ',peat' a sent Post Free on i.l;plieation to " Magazine of Music Office, 20, Ludgate Hill Lomon. D.C. T TOR -A• The most re- markable & cheap- est book ever publishers The Pianoforte simplified, , ; NET 2: PAGES _. . . .... POST Containsi 70 Illustrations FREE a(sFdu over "zso'''S'zoenlgs Dances, Carols, Anthems and Hymn Tunes.

r tdoed iti dad zeZEre

4.:'tl 0 fj 0 Lf

Pomous I?)I4A.ETEn

7aouibie Esime. znotiroic, Eltircrigtls.

INSTAFIITLY RELIEVES -PAM.

All Chemists. Wholesale Depot: 104, Golden Lane, E.G

These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, and cu re in forty-eight hours the same diseases without inconvenience. Each Capsule I bears the name •NI idy.' Sold by all Chemists, or post free 36, from WI LCOX CO.,

cP

83,111ortimer St.,Loncion.W.

E NGL AND.

Will Cure BROZICHrIS, ASTHMA, 714FLUENZ A., COUGHS, COLDS, SORR THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, eco. The Oint.ient is a sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISE SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &e.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET. LONDON.

k

WWII

, - • 4C, \ ;1r Air:\ - • 414, •

spNTAt DN

~f - , 1. -

===== 0002601_18980225_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
DEAKIN'S

ARTIALADE

leasing Everybody

lifwrs 4.4(‘ /41, p • nti.

SOLID SILVER WATCHES.

For Ladies 8/11, 1/8; imutik„, 211/6 to 811/ SOLID GOLD CASES, 30/-:to O. LADIES' SOLID SILVER ALBERT CHAINS 2/11, 3/6,3/11 to 1216; SOLID GOLD 25/. to £5. SOLID SILVER BROOCHES (ball marked: 80. to 3/11. ditto ditto Name Brooehee to 1/6, all are hall marked. SOLID GOLD BROOCHES 5/11 to £4. ELECTRO-SILVER PLATED TEASPOON'S 1/Ili HALF-DOZEN, to 7/6. ditto ditto DES- SERT FORKS on SPOONS 2/111 to 8/11. ditto iitto, TABLE FORKS 'or SPOONS 4/11 to 12/6, JHEAPER FORKS AND SPOONS, TEASPOON:. (WHITE METAL) from pd. half dozen. ditto DESSERT FORKS or 8 OONS from 90.• half dozen. Dessert Knives from 1/41 half dozen.

(VIZT Watch

MEAT CARVERS from 2/11 'oak, ditto in cases from 5/11 (in- cluding steel) to 50/- the case of five pieces. Table Knives from 1/. to 12/6 the half dozen.

ELECTRO SILVER PLATED BREAKFAST CRUETS (as drawn). 1/11, t? 15/6. ditto Dinner Cruets, 2/11 to £3. Electro. Silver Teapots from 3/11,. Tea and coffee Services from 9/9 the set of 4 pieces. Ladies' Dressing and Companion Cases Did. to 50/-. Albums with or without Music at all prices to 15/6. Clocks, Barometers, Opera Glasses at Cheapest prices. Dominoes from 34c1. to 4/6 box. Model Steam Engines (as &ketch) 1/6i to 7/6. Model Locomotive Engines from 2/11 to 8/11 MAGIC LANTERNS 10101. with six Slides, Lamp. etc., Complete ditto, latger with 12 Slides 2/11 to 17/6 in- cluding Mechanical Slides, Clockwork Toys from 100. Fretwork Tools and Tols in Boxes from 100. set. Marble Clocks and Bronzes, Mouth Organs, Accordions and Concertinas, Hand- Mirrors, Jewellery and all kinds of Fancy Goods, visit

r 22/6 \ 110 ,;,..".:::" ,020.03-0,...,.,. ~ • , 0,, '...-., 4 , 44,, ',.• V i' '''o`..,•l , -- .. ~ \, *__ I"..,essi.„,`• a . :. .4.. r c el, 7, Z.. , . ... ''') •'- ... ... - SOW'

• _ rtftqe. Various Fit legs. 2/11 • I I - Maw Where you c

Aft"---- 2/6 L!" 'r,c) is ;to - China Biscuit Barre

rt ri, .. -7-- 38 _ ,v,,,,!: , i ,r as - - - les - Electra Silver .14c. PI eilirill • , ..S0 OZI i Cl> cis =, 7 1 t.= ''..l ........_ I 1 --__, ..,-.. 1;1111111„ •M ~ ' • Y 0 ..!... , -.-_,.=-•::-._.- ~.1 ' ' , :z...a.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBERTS

io, Church St., LIVERPOOL, lan get single articles at wholesale price 3

===== 0002601_18980225_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSTIPATION,

WEAK STOMACH

===== 0002601_18980225_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER.

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;wEI, • 3 .Pe

===== 0002601_18980225_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNYON'S BOLD CB ALLENGE!

HE CLAIMS TO HAVE A NEW SYSTEM OF CURING DISEASE.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWSPAPERS WILL INVESTIGATE.

10,000 VIALS OF HIS MA_RVELLOUS RHEUMATISM CURE

WILL BE GIVEN AWAY ON WEDNE3DAY MARCE{ 2ND AT THE WARRINGTON GUARDIAN OFFICE, SA.NKEY-ST., WA.RRINGTON. COMME74CING AT NINE O'CLOCK.

This Distribution will be under the Supervision of the Warrington Guardian, and the Public are invited to make a most Searching Investigation into the merits of these Remedies, and Report the Results through the Daily Press. Prof. T. M. Munyon, President of the Munyon Mance opathic Horne Remedy Company, of America, has submit- ted a novel proposal. Prof. Munyon claims that he has discovered a new system of curing Rheumatism and other diseases. He proposes to distribute from the Warrington Guardian Office, next Wednesday, March 21d, 10,000 vials of his Remedies, absolutely free to all sufferers. Munyon is thus applyiog in this country a system of distribution which has been attended by striking success in London and America, as:te,tifiel by many prominent newspapers. The notion is smart. Prof. Mun- yon is a smart man. The Warrington Guardian, admiring smartness, are willing ta give tacilities for the execu- tion of the idea. Prof. Munyon comes endorsed by many prominent business men in the United States and Canada, and he has brought to us introductions from newspapers of good standing in America. The following letter explains itself To the Editor of the" Warrington Guardian." • Dear Sir,—Having discovered a positive and speedy cure for Rheumatism and other diseases, I address You in the Lope that you will give publicity to my claim. lam well aware that in making this bold assertion there will arise a strong doubt in the minds of the public as to the truth of this statemeat, and that a large majority of the people will class this new discovery with the Koch lymph failure and the Brown Sequard elixir of life de- lusion. --- • .

----- It is to overcome this prejudice that I invoke the aid of the Press. I court the fullest investigation. I would suggest that the fairest and surest way to test the efficiency of these remedies would be to make a free dis- tribution of them under the supervision of the " Warrington Guardian." With your permission I will send 10,000 vials of the Rheumatism remedy to your office, Sankey-street, Warrington, there to be given out abso- lutely free to all persons efflicted with rheumatism ; that the name and address of each person who accepts the remedy be given, and at the end of one week the parties wile have taken the medicine to be interviewed, and that the results of each case, with the special permission of the parties interested, be published in the daily pa- pers. By this means there can be no deception or fraud, and the value of this remedy will stand or fall upon the testimony of those who have tried it. Similar tests have been made in all the principal cities and towns of America' Canada, London, Liverpoe l• Manchester, Suffield, Birmingham, Leeds, York, Bolton, Preston, Blackburn, It och.lale, Bury, Stockport, Hanley Derby, and Burton.on-Trent, under the most searching investigation by the leading newspapers. The reports show that these remedies cured more than 90 per cent, of those who tried them. My rheumatism remedy will cure acute or muscular rheumatism in from one to ten days. It never fails to cure sharp shooting pains in the arms, legs, sides, back, or breast, or soreness in any part of the body. It will promptly cure swollen joints, stiff backs, lumbago, sciatica, and all pains in the hips. It seldom fade to give re- lief after one or two doses, and almost invariably cures before one bottle has been taken. My dyspepsia cure will cure any case of indigestion or stomach trouble. I will demonstrate that 9) per cent, of all kidney com- plaints, incluline Bright'a disease, can be cured by my kidney cure. I know that my catarrh cure will cure catarrh of the head, throat arid stomach—no matter how chronic or long standing. I will prove by this test that coughs and all brcnchial affections can be cured by cough cure. I will show that nervous affections and diseases of the heart are controlled and cured by my nerve and heart cure. I will prove that my cold cure will break up any form of cold in a few hours. I will convince the most sceptical that my headache cure will cor- rect any form of headache in from three to tee minutes, and that it is a splendid stomach and heart tonic. My asthma cure and asthnsa herbs, taken according to directions, will relieve any case of asthma in five minutes, and cure in a few days. I claim that my remedies for children's diseases are positive cures, and should be in every horn,. I will prove to the medical faculty that my remedies are absolutely harmless; that they will cure more than 90 per cent, of all curable diseases. Thus it will be seen that I do not claim to cure all diseases with one remedy, but have a separate cure for each disease. These remedies are absolutely harmless, pleasant to take, and ED labelled that there can be no mistake. • - • •• • • • •

Believing that there is no cause so holy and inspiring, no vocation so lofty and ennobling, nothing co sure of man's gratitude, as an hmest effort to relieve suffering humanity, I beg to remain, Yours truly, JAMES M. MEINYON.

London, February, 1898.

The facilitate the distribution of these remedies and to acelmonniate the public hare your ceupm ready signed and present it at the office of the " Warrington Guardian," Warrington, Wednesday,March 2nd,where the free distribution of M inyon's rheumatism cure will begin at Nine o'clock on Wednesday morning, and continue until 7 p.m. Let all interested be on hand. - - - - - - - - -

Personal applications must le made. Letters cannot be attended ta unhss ad3ressed to the He %d Office of the Illunyol Co., 121, Shaftesbury-avenue, London, W.C.

PRESENT THIS COUPON AT THE WARRINGTON GUARDIAN OFFICE, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

with your Mania and Aderess written in, and receive a packige of MUNYON'S RHEUMATISM CURE,

AND A COPY OF MITNYON'S " GUIDE TO HEALTH," FREE.

Name

Address

ELECTIVE AIMITOE-9..

No fresh candidates entered the field for the posi- tion of elective auditor to the Corporation, and therefore the two retiring auditJrs—Messrs. John Harrison and James Bolton—have been re-electeJ r nopposed. THE DEPUTY CORONEE AND THE POLICE BUILDINGS. _

An inquest was bald at the Cemetery Inn, on Monday afternoon, by Mr. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, touching the death of Squire Hayes, who died suddenly in Caveney's lodging-house,Ship-yard, on Thursday. The body was identified by the de- ceased's widow, a charwoman, living at Widnes.— Dr. Smith said he had made a post-mortem, and at- tributed death to pneumonia and pleurisy produc- ing failure of a rather dilated and weak heart.—A verdict of "Death from natural causes,' was re- turned.—Mr. Jones said he was glad to see that new police buildings were going to be erected, and he hoped provision would be made for a coroner's court. ET. BARNABAS TEA PARTY AND SOIREE. This annual event in St. Barnaba3' parish took place on Monday evening: About one hundred per- sons sat down to tea. The room had been decorated for the occagon by the Misses Vidler and Lansdale. The tables were presided over by Miss Vidler, Miss Lansdale, Mrs. Bellian, Mrs. Evans, Mrs. Roscoe. Mrs. Looker, Mrs. Bracegirdle, Mrs. Hassell, Mrs. Trevitt. and Mrs. Handles. Dancing commenced at eight o'clock, and continued until the early hours of the morning, the number present being increased to about 200. Mr. Garton acted as M.C. The music was supplied by Mr. H. C. Hope, assisted by Mr. Shakeshaft and others. A DnuNirror BREWERS' DRIVER, William Hunt, of Greenall's-avenue, Wilderspool, was charged on Monday, at Northwich, before Messrs. J. Clough and G. B. Cliff, with being drunk whilst in charge of two horses and a dray in Witton- street on Saturday.—P.C. Burgess stated that be saw defendant sitting on the front of a dray in a stooping position. He had difficulty in getting him away from the horses. lie was drunk.—Defendant, who said he was not so drunk that be could not manage the horses, was fined 58. and costs-13e. altogether. GREAT SANKEY SCHOOL BOARD.

This Board met on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. T. Halton presided, and there were also present the Rev. E. S. Jackson,Mr. Joseph Wright:Mr. G. Clarke (headmaster), and Mr. W. D. Jeans, jun. (clerk)._ The following monthly report of the headmaster was presented .—January 29th, on kooks 32'7, pre- sent 302, average 277.1 and money received 16s. 2d.; February sth, on books 330, present 305, average 272 4 fees 15s. 10d.; February 12th, on books 327, present 305, average 281-8, money received 15s. 4d.; February 19th, on books 329, present 310 average 2821, fees 15s. Bd. There are several cases of measles and chicken-pox which prevent the attendance of scholars.—The Clerk said he had received several circulars from the department, amongst others one in respect to stone throwing at trains, with a re- quest that the Headmaster should be asked to talk to the children about the objectionable practice.— The Headmaster said he did so once a fortnight.— The Clerk said that another letter he had received was to the effect that the grant for drawing and manual instruction in future would come from the Education Department. The Board proceeded to discuss the vacancy webth had been created by the death of Mr. Henry Bate, the vice-chairman.—It was decided to leave the matter in the bands of the Chairman, who said be would do his best to induce Mr. Perks to accept office.—On the motion of the Vicar,seconded by the Chairman,Mr. Wright was appointed vice-chairman in Mr. Bate's place.—Couiplimentary references were made to the valuable services which Mr. Bate had rendered for many years to the parish, and on the motion of the Vicar, seconded by the Chairman (who remarked that Mr. Bate would be a much- missed man),it was decided tn pass a vote of condo- lence with the relatives of the deceased.—This con- cluded the business.

EvERy WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 1.114 W BOOK eontainin vatuable Information to Ladles' how all Irregularities may be entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means ReCOM mended by eminent Physicians as the only Safe, Sure, and 4enuine Remedy. " Never Fails, Thousands Of Tetimonfals.—r. W. E. BLANCIIARDI Claremont House Forest-road, Dalstoni,Tondon.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18980225_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18980225_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
NE

NON

11°

- 14 0. 1 4.%

EMI

ME

=

f. , ..:':.7,.-,i '5 -. . ':'.;'. ~,;' '7: - :—.... .', 2. '': -'' ,'. ' ...,, . , .7, 4,.. .4- 4 :4" 46 '....-::' :- ',.T:i' : 4,..,.. 4,,,c - , e 2,4,

===== 0002601_18980225_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980225_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
SPIRITUALISM.

The weekly mee-tirli-g;-oiTi;WlVarrington Spiritua- list Society were held on Sunday and Monday when Mrs. Cropper, of Ashton-under-Lyne, occupied the platform at the Academy-street Temperance Hall. Her addresses were attentively listened to, and in her clairvoyance on Sunday, both afternoon and evening, nearly every delineation was recognizA. On Monday evening Mrs, Cropper took up the even- ing with medical psychometry, the accuracy of the diagnoses of the ailments of different sufferers indisputably proving the truth of the ecinnce. Remedies of a simple nature were prescribed, and the President was able to announcs the particulars of a case in which the use of the remedies, pre- scribed by the same medium on her last visit had been followed by most beneficial results.

CHBAP STATIONBRY. ALBUMS, Par,,,s, 111,7 m 13)31cs Blbles.—Joner S. GREEN. Bookseller, /co., 34, BrUp-at. WAMLINGTON RIGGED SCLInOL

Mr. Skeiland has received many si—mpathizing letters such as the following :—" Hearing of the deep sympathy you take in the waifs and strays of the town, lam sending you a parcel of clothes which I would be glad if you would distribute among the most deserving. My heart aches to see poor children half naked this very inclement weather. Hoping God will bless you in your noble efforts with an eternal reward for " Whatsoever ye do for the least of these little ones ye do it unto me." All kinds of clothing for the (lase ving poor, the widows and the fatherless children may be sent to Miss Holloway or Mr. Wood. Bawsay-street, ad- joining the school, or post cards seat to J. Skelland, 36, Lovely-lone, will be attended to. FIiNDI3II9.—GARLAND.S, Irorrnonzer, Warrington.

- - W. T. WILLIAMS makes a SpeetA.lity M the Mourning Department, LATEST NOVELTII33 in MOURNING- MATERIALS always in Stock. Smart Dressmaking at moderate charges. SANKEY-MO:Er, LEGVII-STREKT,WAR- MION.

Sr. MART'S (LATCHFORD.) The first annual dance in connection with the above church was held in Parr flail on Monday evening, and was a great succ-ss,there being no less than 350 persons present. The platform was prettily decorated with plants, ttc., kindly lent by the Cor- poration, and presented a pleasing effect. Dancing commenced about 8 o'clock to the strains of Mr. Percy Randall's efficient band,the music throughout the evening being much enjoyed. The duties of M.C. were in the capable hinds of Messrs. Delaney, Smith, Eckersley, Wells,and Bibby,and the arrange- ments for the various dances were carried out in a Praiseworthy manner. Dancing was kept up with spirit until about two o'clock on Tuesday morning. The success of the gather; ng Was mainly due to the efforts of Father Stanley, who had spared no pains to ensure its success, his object being to raise funds for renovating the schools at Latchford. ODDFELLOWSHIP AT W ARlLlNG7oN—LsiTnerros

OF Dn. BRAID& A large and representative gathering of the War- rington brethren assembled in the Prince of Wales Lodge at the Pelican Hotel on Saturday evening for the purpose of initiating Dr. Brade into the Order, and the presentation of a P.P.G.M. Jewel to Bro. S. Ryan, P.P G. J., for services rendered. Prov. G.M. S. Baldry presided. The initiation ceremony was rendered by P.G.51. Claverhouse Graham (member of the Board of Directors) of London in a most im- pressive manner. In reply to the toast of" The Manchester Unity and Board of Directors" Bro. Graham referred to the proud position the Order had attained, having .a membership of close upon 800,000 members and a capital of over .£9,2so,ooo—worth per member ..£ll 143. 10d.—an amount far ahead of any of the large Friendly Societies. He pointed out that £21,000 per week was being paid for the alleviation of sick and dig. tressed members of the Unity. He also spoke on the subject of Old Age Pensions and regretted that the Grand Master of the Order (Bro. Lukey) should ' disregard the majority vote of the Bristol A.M.C. on this question. Bro. Graham then on behalf of the Prince of Wales Lodge presented Bro. S. Ryan with a P.P.G.M.'s jewel for services rendered to his lodge and the district. Prov.C.S. J. Emson moved, and P.P.G.M. James Massey seconded, a hearty vote of thanks to Bro. Graham for his kindness in onca more coming to assist the cause of Oddfellowship in the Warrington district,and spoke in support of Old Age Pensions after which Bro. Graham made a suitable reply. Songs, icc., were rendered by several of the brethren, and the meeting was brought to a close with the usual votes of thanks.

COMP.UND (rde Marki, giveg .hxpectorattoii without strain. 13V., 1311, S3l,lby Chemists only.-- Jdve

===== 0002601_18980225_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
TfIE EXAMINER, FIcIDAY, FEBRE kin 25, 11-98

THE_ BISHOP OF CHESTER AT WARRINGTON:

On Monday evening the Bishop of Chester (Dr. Jayne) conducted a confirmation service in St. James' Church Latchford. The candidates num- bered 151 males and females—viz., 55 from St. Tames' ; 73 from Christ Church, Latchford. and 26 from St. Thomas' Stockton 1 loath. In his first ad- dress to the candidates the Bishop spoke upon "Strength as a Christian duty."—A number of ap- propriate hymns were sung, Mr. Frank Booth pre- siding at the organ.

NEWTON AND DISTRICT HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY

The annual general meeting of this society was announced to be held on Tuesday evening at the Town Hall, Newton,but owing to the fact that only about half a dozen persona were present, it was de- cided to adjourn it for a week, The secretary, Mr. Williamson, presented his balance sheet, showing that the society woun I up the year with a balance of Bs. 4d. BENEFIT CONCERT AT EARLESTOWN. 17:On Monday evening tke concert annually pro- moted by Miss B. L.Greenall, organist eif the Wes- leyan Chapel, Earlestovvn, for the benefit of a blind man named Emmanuel Hughes, took place in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom before a large au- dience. An excellent programme was submitted by the following artistes—Misses Minnie Barr,O.Clare, El, Smith, Sissie Clarke, Messrs.F.P.Clare,G.W.Kida, and J.Webster An item in the programme was the Fantasmagoria Band, which gave several selections under the conductorship of Mr. J. Anderton. Miss E. L. Greenall very ably accompanied on the piano.

ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, EIRLESTOWN.

BRITI6H DENTAL ASSO CIA-

===== 0002601_18980225_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL SAINTS' MISSION.

The annual congregational tea party in connec- tion with the above mission, which is situated in iloyle-st.,took place on Monday evening,when there was a good attendance. Alter tea the Vicar (the Rev. WV. Pigot) presided over the entertainment which took place. The following was the programme which was gone through in an admirable manner : Chorus, "Old Folks at tiome," Choir; song, "Honey 0 "C. Whittaker; song, "Dandy coloured coon," J. W. liarrop ; song, " Lousiana Lx,," J. Pennington ; stump speech,A..Pickford; song, gioney,ma honey," It. Derbyshire ; chorus, " Ten little Injins," Choir ; violin solo, Miss M. Parsonage; song, "In the chim- ney corner," Mrs. Massey ; violin fele, "Shepherd's dance," Miss M. Parsonage ; song, "Tit for tat," Mrs. Massey.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FIELD CLTI3.

There was a good attendance at the eighth meet- ing of the winter session, held on Friday evening last, when Mr. Gillanders, of High Legh,gave a lan- tern lecture on "Plant structure; the stem and the flower." He dealt mainly with the question of plant structure from a microscopist's standpoint,and threw on the screen some beautiful slides of sec- tions of plant stems of various kinds arid at various stages of growth. He also showed sections of a few typical leaves and flowars,and commenting on each slide in turn,pointed out the fundamental similari- ties underlying superfichil diff-rences, and the gradually increasing complexity of structure from liverworts and mosses to stately forest treas.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL OF MR. HERMAN E. FALK.

Probate has been granted in London of the will, which bears date March 4th, 1897, of l'slr Herman Eugene Falk, of Catselough, Winsford,Ch &shire, the "father" of the salt trade, with which be had been connected since 1841, and the founder, of a Salt Chamber of Commerce in 1858,w:io died on the 12,-,h January last,eged seventy-seven years.Mr.Falk left personal estate of the gross value of £16,948 118 sd, and of the net value of £4,935 12s 31. He directed hat there should be no funeral at his decease, but that his body should be cremated at the cremator- turn nearest to the place of his death, and he re- iquested that his relations would n•t wear mourning for him for more than six mouths. He left all of his property to his wife, Mrs.A.lice Falk,who is the sole executrix of his will.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE Si. ANN'S CHOIR CONCERT..

There was a fair attendance in Dannett-street schools on Monday evening when a cOncert was given in aid of the choir of St. Ann's Church. The programme was well varied and the entertainment passed off satisfactorily. A couple of selections, of which "La Ruche D'er" was the opening item, were rendered in a capable manner by the "Guardian" Band. The Firth Glee Party (ten in number), achieved marked success with "Comrades in Arms" and "The Three Chafers," their singing being com- bined and well-balanced. Mr. A. Griffiths was one of the most successful vocalists, and for hi a hearty singing of "Our Jack" was encored, and responded with "The Three Beggars." A couple of solos by Mr. J. Parkinson were vPry meritorious per- formances, "The King's Own" being especi- ally well sung. Miss Marie Randall re- ceived an encore for her pleasing song "Only a Little Bit of String," while other songs, were interpreted bv Miss C. Brown and Miss M. Everett, Messrs. Ford and Roberts were heartily applauded for their cornet and flute solo, " Lo, hear the gentle lark," the item forming a pleasant break in the songs. The two recitations, "Xmas Day in the Workhouse," and "Edinburgh efter Flodden," by Mr. W. Kilduff, were given in good style and warmly applauded. Messrs. E. A. Padmore and W. Jowett accompanied in an efficient manner.

PRESENTATIONS TO THE REV. G. B. THUR.STON. At the annual social gathering in connection with St. George's Mission,held on Monday evening, the congregation made a parting presentation to the Rev. U B.Thurston,who will shortly take up his new duties as Rector of Lymm. The presentation consisted of a handsome Chippendale sideboard, supplied by Messrs. G. and J. Weaver, of Bridge-st. The Rev. A. A. Markham, who presidt d, said they were assembled for a two-fold purpose—on the one hand it was their annual tea party aad social gathering, and on the other hand they had chosen that opportunity to meke a present to the Rev.G.B. Thurston, whose work as the curate-in-charge of the miseion was to their great sorrow nearly ended. He hoped they would allow him (Mr. Markham) to express, on his own account, how deeply be would feel the loss of Mr. Thurston. They had worked together for four years, and he had learnt much from having so excellent a colleague,. who had always as senior curate, set a high example to his juniors of hard work and consistent performance of duty. To SeGeorge's Mission the parting from their friend and head would bo a severe wrench. In con- clusion, he would call on Mr. Banne,r,in the absence of the representative sidesman, Barrack Sergeant Price, who was unavoidably away through serious illness, to present on their behalf the beauti- ful gift which they had chosen.—Mr.Banner then made the presentation. Ile asked Mr. Therston's acceptance of the handsome sideboard,with a parch- ment roll containing the names of 150 subscribers. The Rev. G. B. Thurston,who was very cordially re- ceived,said that he found it difficult to find words in which to express his gratitude to them for all the kind things that had been said on their behalf, and for the very handsome gift they had just offered him. Of all relations between clergy and people app the people,and they had al- his had been one of the happiest in connection with the work at the mission, he had always loved and trusted and appreciated waye returned hie affection and given him credit for doing hie best ; therefore this regret at leaving them was particularly% sincere, lie commended. to their special attention the very large and efficient Sunday school and the excellent communicants' guild, than which he believed no better existed for miles round Warrington. He did not like to let that occasion pass without a word or two ot thanks to the many;helpers he had had in his work. Allu- sion was then made by the speaker to the great services of Mrs. Barrett, Mr, Barrett, Barrack-Sergt. Price, the Sunday school teachers and the choir. Mr. Arthur Browne said he did not know much per- sonally about the mission but he could tell the people there how the congregation at the Parish Church had appreciated Mr. Thurston's sermons. He also was given to understand that Mr. Tharston had been invaluable to the parish from his wide ' knowledge on educational matters, and that he was always ready to meet on even terms to the benefit of their schools the demauds of that very formid- able body, the Education Department.—Tmeet- ing then dispersed for dancing, while a very. enjoy- able chamber concert was given under the direction he of Mr. Bere,ford Melville in one of the upper rooms of the building, the concert consisting of vocal end instrumental pieces by Mrs. Atkin, the Misses White, Miss Willcocks and Mr. Melville. with a clever conjuring entertainment by Mr. Arthur Sher- wood as a final.— On Tuesday night the scholars Of tho mission Sunday school presented Mr. Thurston with a pair of handsome silver candlesticks.

At the London Bankruptcy C3urt on Wednesday, a receiving order was made againit Sir Robert Peel, des- cribed as of Hobart-place. Eaton-square. The petition-, ing creditor is Mr. John Edwards, hanker,King at., Strand,cr.ditor for £1,300. The liabilitias are stated at £lOO,OOO, 1:50,000 of which is secured. The Employers' Federation of Master Eogineers have received a substancial grant from the Bolton and Dar. trict Master Cotton Spinners' Association. Realising that there roust have been a strain on the Federation to help the weaker firms, the Association has made a grant of £2,500 to the Federation.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
• 11 Throats. 7. c7nr.../ than gargle 0 with " 5,r Mw I;.'ie, M.D., L. The Throat Hospital.

1 Gwithate. ilioNDyf s A Remedial FLUID. Tv.v.Atzer SrESTITUT2S. "CONDY'S." "P4017.-couseares.F.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
vARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

DBUNKENNRSS.

At the Police Station, Earlestown, on Monday morning, before Mr. C. B. F. Borron, Robert Thomp- son was charged with being drunk in Earlestown on Saturday night, and was sent fo gaol for seven days. ACCIDENT AT THE VULCAN FOUNDRY.

! On Wednesday a lad named Henry Wilson em- ployed in the Vulcan Foundry as boy in the draw- inz office received a serious injury to one of ! , his hands. He was grinding a file at a grind stone driven by steam, wheu his nand slipped and before he could recover himself one or two of his fingers I were literally ground off. his injuries were alter- wurds dressed by Dr. Mouneey. LANdastanE COUNTY COUNCIL ELECTIONS.—NEW-

===== 0002601_18980225_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
TON DIVISION.

The period of grace io-r—t-le-ieceipt of nomina- tions for the representation of the Newton Division on the Lancashire County Council expired on Wed- nesday afternoon. The only nomination was Charles Bell Ford Borron, The Heights, Park-road, Golborue, the present representative, who was nominated in nine different papers. There being no other nomination, Mr. Shirley, as returning officer, declared Mr. Borron duly elected. Tau EABLESTOWN SUNBEAM INN, PICNIC CLUB.

On Saturday this club met at the above Inn,when a grand supper was provided, and ample justice was done to it. After the removal of the cloth, songs were indulged in up till 10.30, by every mem- ber of the club,and the strains of music were given by Mr. W. Fades, making a very enjoyable evening. The health of hot and hostess was drank witn great enthusiasm and was suitably responded to, and after singing the National Anthem,the meeting was brought to a close. ORGAN RECITAL AT EARLESTOWN.

On Sunday Mr. 11. W. Radford, organist at St. John's Church. Earlestowu, gave an organ recital,iu aid of the organ fund. Miss Alic 3 Clarke ali.osang sacred solo entitled " Song of faradise." There was a very fair cougregation,who evidently enjoyed the excellent manner in which Mr. Radford submit- ted the following programme " Overture in F" " Fautansia and Celebrated Fugue in G Minor," " Idyll for the organ in E flat,' " Grand solemn March," " Allegretto in A," and " Grand Festa March."

===== 0002601_18980225_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
DRATII OF MRS. TUNSTALL.

Mrs. Elizabeth Turistall relict of the late Mr. Thomas Tunstall, at one time grocer of Ilaydock, died on Friday last after a short and sudden illness, at her residence in Crow-lane, Newton. The 4e- ceii.ed lady came to Earlestown from Haydock about 8 years ago, where she was highly esteemed and respected. She had not be 4 la in very good health for some time, and on Wednesday morning last weak she was intending to go to her son's in Earle-street. She was just leaving the house and feeling unwell she told her daughter she would rest a little. She was taken back into tho house,and be- coming unconscious was removed to bed, and died on Friday. The funeral took place Tuesday,the body being interred at St. Thomas's Church, Ash- ton.. There was a large gathering of friends and relatives, the funeral service being carried out by the Revs. T. R. Matthews, W. 11. N. Brennan (son- in-law) Rector of Killen. The deceased lady was 72 years of age.

UNFORTUNATE INCIDENT AT EA.II,LESTOWN. About half-past seven on Wednesday morning as a workman was proceeding up Wargrave-rosel in the direction of the Vulcan Foundry he was seen to suddenly fall to the ground. Mr. Ernest Goslin who was some short distance behind,ran to the prostrate man and found he was insensible and bl-eding from wounds on the chin and throat. Ile quickly summoned assistance from the neighbouring houses. As nothing was known of the man,P.C.Schofield was sent for and a milk shandry which was passing was requisitioned and the unfortunate man was lifted in and removed to Dr. Patterson's. On the way he recovered consciousness, and gave his name as John Williams, 19 Caoper-street, florwich, and stated that he was subject to fits. He arrived in Earlestown on Tuesday night and was going to start work at the Vulcan Foundry when he was seized with a fit, and falling against the curbstone received the injuries named above. HOPE OP EARLESITOWN LODGE I. 0. G. T. This lodge held its weekly meeting in the Co- operative Hall on Monday evening, and C. T. Bro. T. Cutler, presided. A good attendance was present and one candidate Was admitted to the Order. The secretary read a circular from Liverpool, and Bro. Hatton read a circular from S.W.L. District Lodge. It was resolved to get up a concert,and a committee was appointed for the purpose. Mr. Plant, of Flay. dock, sent a communication asking the lodge to pay them a visit and give an entertainment on Saturday evening which was adopted. The programme for the evening was "An evening, with the Golden Penny," Bro. E. Newman, S.J.T. being responsible, and the programme was as follows :—Ode ; reading, Bro. R. Williams ; song Sister Grant; reading, Bro. J. Taylor; reading, Bro. T. Cutler; mouth organ duet, Bros. Wilson and Davies; reading, Sister R. Warburton ; reading, Sister Coates ; reading, Sister Jenkinson. The lodge then thanked Bro. Newman for the way in which the programme had been arranged. EIELESTOWN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. The 149th quarterly meeting of this Saciety was hild in the Co-operative Rail on Monday evening. 'There was a fair attendance of members, rresided over by Mr. 1). Forrester. The report and balance sheet for the quarter showed that the cash receipts were £5.660 Bs. 51,being an increase on lost quarter of £lB2 Os 61, and of £l,OOB 6s 7i lon the corres- ponding quarter last year. The nett profits avail- able for dividend on purchases are £9Ol 15s 4iel out of which it was proposed to pay a dividend of 3s in the .£ to members, absorbing £845 Os 63. and 18 6d in the .£ to non-members, requiring Sc 31, and £5O to special reduction of fixed stock, and the balance of £6 94 7d to contingent fund. During the quar- ter 49 new members had been admitted and 21 had withdrawn, leaving 1140 on the b00k5,E325 of whom had brought in checks. The balance sheet was adopted. Mr. D. Forrester was re-appointed presi- dent., sir. T. Hnzelden,as auditor and Mr. T. Cave as stock-taker. The question of starting a butchering business was introduced, and after a lengthy dis- cussion it was decided to leave it over until next quarterly meeting, the Committee in the meantime to make enquiries on the subject. A discussion on the admission to quarterly meetings was started, and it eves decided that each member should be pro- vided with ticket bearing his name, and share book number. This was all the business. CHILDREN'S CONCERT AT NEWTON. Mr. Singletou, headmaster of St. Peter's Schools' Newton,predeced on Thursday and Friday evenings last, his eighth annual concert, in which the vari- ous parts were sustained by his scholars' and those of the infant school. The first part of the long pro- gramme consisted of songs, recitation, action song, game, &c. Opening with a school song,a recitation "No joke to be a baby'. by the infants at once placed the audience on good terms with themselves. An action song "Grandmothers old," naively given by the infants, was followed by a humorous dialogue "Amateur Barbers" given by a number of the senior boys and this created intense amusement. The kindergarten game "Merry Little Gipsies" was very prettily executed by the infants, and a dialogue " rho Greengrocer,"by the infants brought the first part to a close. The second part of the programme consisted of a school operetta entitled "Aunt Judy's jubilee" by E. Oxeuford. For this representation, the children had been efficiently trained by Mr. Singleton, and the excellence of the production re- flected the greatest credit upon the tutor and pupils. Of plot we can say very little, as although the °operetta was bright and the music tuneful, there was little or no plot. It was simply a gathering of a diversity of characters to celebrate the jubilee of Aunt Judy, who according to the opening chorus, had reached the age of 50 years. An excellent and well balanced chorus had been got together, and the numerous items were very prettily submitted, and frequently applauded. The dramatis personas was as follows:—"Aunt Judy,"Miss May Barbut;"Cherry ripe" (a fruit seller), Jessie Howard; " Kitty Kyne " (a milkmaid), Edith Lyons; "Yuna Yum" (a Siamese student),Charlotte Bethell ; "Katrina Loch" (a Scots lassie), Edith Harrison; "Betsy Ballard " (an Itiner- ant singer),Annie Brodie; "Grimalkin" (Judy's cat), James Bancks; "Tony Rat-Tat" (a pestman), Fred Howard; " Paddle Abullah " (a Ci-devant Pasha), "rne Prefe*or," Willie Leather; " Wat Yarn" (a marine). Arthur Webster; " Sambo " (a nigger min- etrel), Alb-rt Toft ; Dick Dense " (a country cartel), John Abbott. The dresses were very pretty and appropriate, and the children sustained their various parts in a most able and efficient manner. The several solos were capitally rendered and the games introduced were entered into with zest and thorough enjoyment. The fteluent hearty applause shqNvod the keen interest the audience took in the repiweet amen. Miss Frost ably accompanied throughout,

TOBAC(JONIST3 Connrnenolng.—See Illustrate.l Oulda 259 pages) 3i. Tobacconists Outfitting 0o..18(1, Huston-road London. Hai:drawn flited.—Nanager )11 lime,

===== 0002601_18980225_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CONGREGATIONAL TEL

On Saturday evening the annual congregational tea party and concert in connection with St. John's Church, Earlestown, was held in the Mission Hall. There were about 250 persons present at tea,which was of a substan- tial character, the following ladies presiding at the tables :—Mesdames Radford, Ro',inson, Heaton, Lord, Buckley,Dale,Makindlorridge,Thorne, Whitfield,Groves, Parker, Morris,Pierpoint,Taylor ; Misses Matthews, Tal- bot, and Patterson. After tea a concert was given, the Vicar (Rev. T. R. Matthews) presiding, and as a preli- minary to vocal proceedings,said when they looked back upon the years that had gone,and saw the, afflictions of others,they ought to feel glad that they were able to at- tend their annual tea party and concert that night. Re- ferring to the Sunday school, he said that the greatest difficulty they experienced was the finding of teachers. He made an earnest appeal for voluntewrs, especially ladies, to assist in educating the young. The object of the annual tea party and concert, as they all knew,was to scrape together a few pounds for what was called the curate's stipend, and Le trusted as the result of that gathering the fund would benefit largely. In conclusion, he hoped the choir, the artistes, and Mr. Radford would do their best to make the programme a success. Under the able and efficient conductorship of Mr. Radford, or- ganist, the. following programme was submitted in a most pleasing and successful manner :—Glee, flail,smil- ing morn" (choir) ; song. " Sally in our Alley," Mr. J. Banks; song, "Fidche and I," Miss Matthews,with violin obligato by Mr. J. 11. Peplow ; song, " The clang of the forge," Mr. P. Corless ; song, " The Gift," Miss Alice Clark ; fantasia,violin and piano, "The Bohemian Girl," Messrs. J. H. Peplow and H. W. Radford ; song, "Mine for evermore," Miss M. Conway ; chorus, "ms Carno- rale," choir ; song,"Steering home," Mr.P.Corless ;song, "The Flight of Ages," Miss M. Conway ; song, "The Death of Nelson," Mr. J. Banks ; violin and piano (a) " Barcarole" (b) " Rive apria le Bay Messrs. J.H.pep., low and H. W.Radford ; song, " Waiting for you," Miss Alice Clarke; chorus, " Angelds," from " Maritana," choir. The humorist was Mr. J. Huddleston, who sang in his usual style several humorous songs. A vote of thanks to the Chairman terminated a very pleasant evening.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AD NEWS.

While the rest of the world has advanced, Turkey, where she has not retrograded, has stood still. A science sifter on the spot tells us, says "Science Siftings," that medical science has made no progress whatever. The popular belief is that disease is God's will, and that to attempt to cure disease would he to interfere with the divine judg.ment. Our friend has frequently found cases of people sick with, smallpox entirely neglected in order that the divine will should have its own way. When a baby is suffering from croup a hen's egg is obtained,and seven holes are made in the shell. The cyntents are poured into a bowl, and the perforated shell is dipped lute some water and lifted quickly over the basin, that the water will stream into the basin. This is re- peated thirty-nine times. The contents of the basin may the,' be used for washing the little sufferer. When a man is afilicted with boils he fills his pockets with nuts,starts down some road anl throws the nuts behind him with- out once looking back, even though the city shall be burning. The theory of this treatment is that whoever picks up one of the nuts will take with it one of the boils. The fewdoctors who have administered to the natives have been received as though they were gods. Whenever travellers go into the interior of Turkey they are appealed to as though they were doctors. The aver- age Turk or Armenian seems to believe that any man wearing a European hat is competent to treat all bodily ailments.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Prc.bOuly thetnt 1144 in3ect is tha silk worm. It is estimated that 1.000,000 persens gain a livelihood by breeding the industrious worms.

A Malta correspondent writes to the" Times " :—" A remarkable example of the admirable spirit which in- spires the naval service has been recently displayed in the case of the Barfleur battleship, Captain R. N. Cue- tance. The ves3el, which in the ordinary course would have been ordered to England this month, was instead suddenly despatched to China. Tee officers and men went away with the utmost enthusiasm, and men whose time was up for pension at once volunteered to complete the commission. Indeed, Sc strong was the spirit that it was founl impossible to get volunteers to remain be- hind in the tend •r."

People who fondle dog's will do well to los cautious. A. young lady travelling to Moscow constantly kissed and fondled a neat little dog belonglnz to another lady. The little animal seemed well pleased and acted very man- nerly, but all remarked that it was sneezing constantly. After arrival in Moscow, the young lady was firat affec- ted with a redness of the tip of the nose, which did not yield to any remedy ; then the nose began to be painful, inflamed, and began to secrete mucus. The physician who wa3 consulted diagnosed the case as influenza. But as she constantly became worse, and the ulceration in- creased, a consultation ~.14.1 held, whrn the microscope revealed a CAS9 of glanders, which had evidently been transferred from a horse to the dog.

The German Emperor possesses a singular pack of playing cards, anci,what is Inore,be al ways u iei it. The court cards represent portraits of reigning severeigns selected by his Majesty. The queen of hearts, it is flat- tering to record, is Queen Victoria, the Qneen of Italy figures ss the queen of diamonds, and the Empresses of Russia and Austria are respectively the queens of spades and clubs. The Pope, oddly enough,is the king of spades and the King of Italy his majesty of clubs ; Leopeld 11. of Belgium is the sovereign of diamonds, and, with be- coming modesty,the Emperor William himself is the king of hearts. The Empress Augusta, it will bo noticed, is not in the collection. The principal Premiers of Europe will be flattered to know that they are the knaves .in the original pack, and in the centre of each ace is the pre- sentment of some famous actress. The Emperor owns the original plates,and copies are naturally not issued to the public.

Social Washington has been stirred to its depths by an acute case of kleptomania in high circles.dt a recent fashionable reception one of the g.,ests, bearing a well known name, went to the hostess's bedroom and was seen to take from the dressing table several valuable pins, and put them into a pocket in her bodice. ThQ hostess was made aware of this,and in bidding good-bye to her guest detained her on pretext of admiring her lace, and putting her hand into the little satin pocket drew out the ornaments, reinirkinv,"You are going off with my pins.". The sulprit murmured someting inco- herent and hastily left.

In a recent papqr on the' Mechanical Features of Electric Traction," contributed by Mr. P. Dawson to tho Institution of Mechanical Engineers, some striking figures of the spread of electric traction in the United States were given. Out of a total of nearly 15,000 mtles of tramways in America in the year 1895, 12,533 miles were worked electrically. In the same year the number of miles worked by the cablerkystem, which at one time seemed to have such a promfaing future, was only 600 miles, whilst steam was only in use on 519 miles, and horse traction was in use on rather oVcr 1,200 mica. In ' the year 1898 there were only sixteen miles of electric tramway in Great Britian and the colonies, against 618 in Germany, 120 miles in Austro-Hungary, ninety in Belgium, and sixty-seven In France.

The following statement appears in the "North China Herald" just to hand :—" There are at the present moment lone young English girls in Shanghai— possibly more—the youngest only seventeen years old, who were married in London to Chinamen, some of them members of the Chinese Legation in Loudon, brought cut by mail steamers as the wives of these Chinese, and deserted here, exposed to perils which we know of, but need not particularise. One of thern,quite a young girl, was left in an empty house with nothing in the world but her nightdress, her supposed husband having stripped the house of everything. She was discovered by a kindhearted neighbour, who heard her crying and sobbing for twelve hours continuously," These girls have no friends in Shanghai, no money, and they are afraid to come home and tell their friends what has happened.

OLDBURY'S COCOA. is absolutely pure, without alkali, as is many so-called " pure " Cocoas. It has a world-wide reputation as a delicious, strengthening beverage, and a valuable nutritive food. Cocoa must be pure and un- adulterated to ensure the fullest beneficial effects. The "Laacet " says " CaDBURY'S represents the standard of highest purity."—Advt. 2. 00PON(1.-1‘. Judicious Blend of the Choicest TBAS Is. per lb. Ceylon Tea, Pure. Fragrant and Delicious, Is. 63. per lb. ; 61bs. carriage paid to any address in the United Klngdons.—Baßaza AND CO Estkhll3tPCl over a century; 67a Lord-strret, Li7orp,o,, 103, 11 aket-street, Mtnches- ter

===== 0002601_18980225_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
TIO N. MEETING AT WARRINGTON.

VISIT TO MESSRS. FLETCHER, RUSSELL AD

CO'S. WORKS:

Great interest was manifested in the visit to Warring- ton,on Saturday, of the members of the Midland Coun- ties Branch of the British Dental Association,representa- tives being present from Bolton and district,Manchester, York, Liverpool, Newcastle, Bangor, Leeds, Bradford, Eccles,Oldham, Rochdale,Bury, Halifax, Dowsbury,and many other large centres of population, the company numbering about 150, including the students from the IManchester and Liverpool Dental Hospitals. Warring- ton had been selected for the spring meeting, and Mr. Thomas Fletcher, F.C.S. (of the firm of Messrs. Fletcher, IRussell, and Co., the eminent gas engineers and artistic ironfounders of Warrington, Manchester, and London), and Mr. John Taylor, L.D.S.I. (Warrington),invited the visitors to partake of their liberal hospitality. On arri- val the party made a tour of inspection of Messrs. Fletcher's Warrington works, being conducted by Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Ernest L. Fletcher, who displayed the greatest interest in their guests' comfort and pleasure. The visitors were filled with admiration as they passed from room to room, and witnessed the marvellous rapi- dity and perfection with which workmen produced specialities for which the firm are so noted. Among ob- jects of interest inspected were domestic cooking,water heating, and laundry appliances, boiling burners, coffee roasters, gas governors, gas fires, stoves, greenhouse boilers,and general heating apparatu,; workshop, labor- atory and trade appliances for gas, gasoline, petroleum, and oil gas, and furnaces aad blow pipes of the most ingenious kind. The party naturally examined with curiosity and plea- sure the dental appliances and the novel furnaces for gold &1., melting. The effective nature of the furnaces was demonstrated, and an oxygen blow pipe pierced a flame through a bar of cast iron and also steel in a very limited time. Mr. Fletcher explaining that he could drive it through any safe. The rapid heating of bars was also shown, and it was stated that the firm's Intents were being largely used in the South African goldfields. three pinto of crude petroleum being sufficient to heat 300 inch mining bars in an hour. Prior to leaving, the party ex- pressed thanks for the pleasure afforded by the visit,and learned with much interest that the firm were erecting a new and colossal works at Wilderspool on the most modern lines, the motive power being electricity, and the casting and enamelling done by secret processes. An adjournment was afterwards made to the Assembly Room of the Lion Hotel, where a splendid repast was served in Mrs. Gilbert's best style. During tea a selec- tion of tasteful music was given by Mr. A. It. Sutton. The president, Mr. I. Renshaw, L.D.S. (Rochdale) occu- pied the chair subsequently, and wee supported by Mr. Fletcher,Mr.Taylor,Mr. Ernest L.Fletcher,Mr. W.Fletcher. Dr. Fox, Dr. Jcsepif' Dr. Adams, Dr.Langdale, Dr. Lead- better, Mr. A.Neil, Mr. J. Neil, Mr, T. E. King, L.D.S. (York), hon. sec. Mr. G.F. Campion.L.D.S.(Menchester) bon. treasurer, and other guests. The CHAIRMAN warmly thanked Messrs. Fletcher and Taylor for their hospitality, and slid there were no two men in the profession or connected with it whom they respected more. (Hear, beer.) Although Mr. Fletcher was not a member of the British Dental Asseciation,and was not an active member of their profession, twelve or eighteen months ago they did him the honour to elect him an honorary associate of their branch. (Applause.) Mr. Fletcher had done a great deal towards elevating the status of dentistry, and had made apparatus of such a character that it was a difficult matter to do bad work. (Laughter and hear, hear.) He not only made filling materials tin y used in their surgeries, but had improved their workroom appliance to such an extent that it was a pleasure to work with them. For the improvements I his services to the profession, and his uniform kindness they were deeply indebted to him. (Hear, hear.) He concluded by proposing a hearty vote ot thanks to Messrs Fletcher and Taylor.

Dr. WAITE (Liverpool) seconded, remarking that that was a unique gathering of past, present, and future members. Past and present were represented by prac- titioners from all parts, and the future by the students from the Dental Hospital. Ha would like to tell the meeting that Messrs. Fletcher and Taylor had not only invited the students from Liverpool and Manchester,but had given each a free railway pass. (Applause.) This thoughtful consideration and genuine liberality would fix the meeting indelibly in the hearts and minds of all present, and would be an incentive and inspiration. The resolution was heartily passed, and was accorded musical honours. Mr. TAYLOR responded, and on behalf of Mr. Fletcher and himself gave all a hearty welcome. He added that he had been really acting as the medium to see that the gathering was carried through. One of the pleasantest aspects of Mr. Fletcher's life was to keep in touch with the dental profession, (Applause.) They acknowledged him as an authority in dental matters, and to his skill and genius,rnore particularly as regarded the workroom, they were greatly indebted. I Mr. FLETCHER also briefly and appropriately returned thanks. He afterwards read a paper on "How to suc- ceed." After a humorous reference to his early medical and surgical education, he addressed himself to the students, and said the foundation of reputation and position was laid at an earlier date than was generally supposed. He next made an announcement which was received with loud applause. For several years, he said, there had been a series of prizes in his name at the Man- chester Dental School, and the spirit of emulation in regard to these had been so often spoken about that he was arranging for a similar series at the Liverpool School. In Manchester they had proved an unqualified success, and this would no doubt be the case in Liver- pool also. (Hear, hear.) Messrs. C. Ash and Sons (London) had offered to practically increase the gift by • supplying instruments and tools at a greatly reduced price for the prizes, and the amount between the two schools, if taken iii Instruments and tools, would be well over £5O per annum. There was no condition attached to the prizes except that they should be applied to those branches where the Deans and Ceuncils of the schools considered they would be of special encouragement. (Applause.) Proceeding, he assured the students that the first and most important help to success was that their occupation should be congenial and an amusement to them. Opportunities came to all. The way up the ladder was to get out of the crowd at the bottom, build their own steps up, where there was more room, plea- sure, and comfort. It was not enough to do as well as other people. This only left them in the outside crowd, A man might be a general failure, but if he learned to do something better than anyone else he might become a great success by using his special knowledge. (Hear. hear.) The day when they would all be made equal and valued at so much per dozen, like eggs, was not yet upon them, and men then they must remain the makers of their own fortunes. (Applause.) Mr. H. T. DRESCHFELD, L.D.5.1., next gave a demon- stration on " Gold and amalgam crowns," Mr. J. S. Dickin, L.D.S.I. (Southport) exhibited a cataphoric ap- paratus and explained its working and arrangements. and Messrs. J. Taylor, J. A. Woods, L.D.L. Eng., and G. Brunton also gave demonstrations. Mr. Taylor greatly interested his fellow-dentists, by explaining the successful replantation of a tooth in his son's mouth after it had been knocked out by a cricket ball. He stated that in May last lais son had one of hie front teeth knocked out while playing cricket, and came home three hours and a half afterwards with the tooth in his pocket. The cavity was at once carefully syringed and the tooth replaced with strong silk ligatures. It remained so for six weeks when the result was found to be most satisfactory. The tooth was examined by many of those present, and the Presi- dent pronannced it to be about the most successful ease of replantation he had ever seen.—Profitable discuasions r ensued on the various subjects, and the visit will rank ' ite one of the most enieyable and successful in the his- tory of the association.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEA.TH.

• SfOOKTON HEATH PARISH COUNCIL. A meeting of tha above Council was held on Tuesday evening under the presidency of Mr. Frederick Pearson, and the other cotincllors present were Messrs. J. Whit- iey, .1. Houchier, G. if. Masoo,and E. England, with Mr. I. Ellison (clerk), and Mr. John Warburton (overseer). APPOINTRIENT OF CLERK AND ASSISTANT OVERSEER. Mr. .1.• Ellison (clerk) having resigned his po- altien,the business before the meeting was the election cf I encoegsor at R4O per annum. Mr. Mason moved that the election of clerk be con- ducted in private. Mr. Bouchier seconded. Mr. Eagland moved an amendment that the election he public. There was no seconder to the amendment, and the original motion was carried. The apolications for the post were from Mr. H. 0. Spencer, 28 Fairfield-road ; Mr. 11. Evans, 50 Green-st., Warrington; Mr. J. E. Hankey,Stockton Heath ; Mr. I. Shaw,43 B6stock-street, Stockton Heath; Mr. Charles W. Beswick,Arley, Northwich ; Mr. Gilbert Lowe, Warring.. ton; Mr. John Hallows,2s Fairfield-road,Steckton Heath; Mr. F. Wright, e 3 Padgate-lane, Warrington ; Mr. John Fairhurst, 84 Old London-road, Stookton Heath ; Mr. Frank Shaw,4 Rose Bank, Stockton Heath; Mr. E. Os- borne. 38 Parker-street, Warrington ; Mr. A. Rogers, 17 River-road,Warrington ; Mr. Thomas Cowdell,47 wilson Patten-street, Warrington ; Mr. Frederick Rose, School House, Stockton Heath ; Mr. E. Bradshaw, Market-st. Chambers, Warrington. The voting resulted in the election of Mr. Edwin Bradshaw, aiter deliberations extending over threequar- ters of an boor.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
A CORRECTION.

_ Before the signing of the minutes of the last meeting Mr. Bouchier tnentioned that the report of his resolution which appeared in the papers included something which should have been omitted. This was the part that ought to bare been left out : "That the Parish Council has offered compromise by making an arrangement with Mr. Hedgcoek,the present owner, and that such compromise has not been accepted." He Wished to say that such was not the case. This was all the busiaeu.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by John WA.MEER & 00 The Examiner General Printing Works. Dew sey-street. and Published also at The Rzattinerßoe, Victoria -road WrrorEs ; High-etreet, RuNnoa 32, George.street, ST. HELENS; and Ma ket-street, HAILLESTOVrte,—PEELTAAT 25182 L

===== 0002601_18980225_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

PETTY SESSIONS. WEDNESDAY.—BefOre Mr. A. Thomas and Mr. Speakman. DOGS AT LARGE WITHOUT MUZZLES OR COLLARS.— Ellen Holland of I,Moreton-terrace, Frodshana was fined ss. including costs for allowing her dog to be at largia without a muzzle or collar at Frodsham on the 25th January.—A similar case against James Robinson, farmer, of Preston Brook, was dismissed. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Robert Garner, bricklayer, of Church-street, Frodsham, was fined ss. including costs for being drunk and disorderly in Garner's-lane, Frodsham, on the 6th February. HEIFERS STRAYING ON THE HIGIIWAY.—GiIbert Littler,. farmer, Dunham Hill, was charged with allowing five heifers to stray on the highway at Dunham Hill, on 15th February.—Acting Sergeant Young proved the case and a fine of ss. including costs was imposed. NONPAYMENT OF RATES.—A ElltrlMolls VMS heard against William Dutton,Bridge-lane, Frodsbam, for non- payment of water rate amounting to 93.9 A. The magis- trates ordered that the amount together with 63. costa be paid in a fortaight.—A. similar order with costs was made against John Bostock Forster, publican of 81 and 83,Churcb-street, Frodsham, for non-payment of water rate amounting to £1 17s. 11—Forster was also sum- moned for non-payment of the poor rate and sanitary rate amounting altogether N£l 6s. 4d. He was ordered to pay this amount together with the costs 63, in a month.

DRUNX.—Before Mr. A. Thomas at tl.l Frodsham Police Court on Tuesday,Margaret Marshall was charged with being drunk in Frodshatn the previous day.—& flee of ss. and costs or 14 days' in default was im- posad.

A LOCAL GOVERNAIENT BOARD INCIIIIRY.—OD Tuesday morning,Mr. A.G. Dumford,Local Government Board In- spector, concluded an inquiry in the Boys' Schoolroom, Overton,in reference to the:sewerage question. There were I present Mr. H. They (chairman of the Parish Council), Mr. John Pollard, Mr. J. E. Aston (assistant overseer), Mr. J.A.shton (clerk to the Runcorn Rural District Goan- , cil), Mr. G. F. A9hton (deputy), and Mr. W. Diggle (star. veYor). Mr. Diggle produced the plans and particulars. After the inquiry, which only lasted about twenty-five ! minutes,the Inspector visited the Five Crossea and also , the outfall works on the nsarsh. TICE Y.M.C.A. SOCIAL —Oa Tuesday evening, the : members of the Frodsham Y.M.C.A. held a " social " in , the schoolroom,Church-street. There was a large atten- dance. Sangs were contributed by Mrs. Norris Jones and Messrs. Note is Jones, W. Youd, and Miss Milner. The Rev. A. E.Simms gave a reading from Mark Twain, Miss Lewis was the accompanist. A very enjoyable evening ! was spent. I -AN EVENING WLlNTSONfnOetion with the Trinity Mutual Improvement Class, a very pleasant ! evening was spent on Wednesday. Miss Dutton of I Moore presided, and this lady made a brief reference to the great composer. The paper prepared by Miss E. Garnett, of Helsby contained an epitome of Tennyson'e life, following which Mrs. Hargreaves gave the song Home they brought her Warrior dead." Miss J. Lina- ker'a contributions were very good and comprised " Elaine's Song,"" My Sweet "and a new song entitled " The splendour falls on Castle walls "composed for the occasion by Mr. R. B. Musgrove, A.R.C.O. "The May Queea " was nicely recited by Miss Gertie Maddock and " The Northern Farmer " by Miss Dutton was admired. Mr. Garnett's contributions "Lady Clare Vere de Vero" and " Tho Revenge" were very good. Mr. W. C. , Collinson'a reading" The Children's Hospital" with Miss Carter's recitation " The passing of Arthur" were • most attractive. A paper had been prepared by Mrs. F. Boston, but being away she had sent in her manu• script which was read by Mrs. Hargreaves, entitled t " Tennyson and his Historical Poems." The songs "Thu Brook "and " Tne Fisherman's boat" by Miss Booth and Mr. F. J. Wright, were nicely rcridered, as were also the duott " Ring out wild belts " by the Miss( Booth and Kent. The quartettes rendered were "Sweet and Low "by MIS'S Shore, Mrs. Hargreaves, and Morena. • J. Edge, and C. El. Sladen, and " Crossing the Bar" by Miss Booth, Mrs. Hargreaves, Messrs. Kennerly and Sladen.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

RISLEY CEUPEL.—.I Concert in aid of the funds to purchase an artificial leg for Frank Monks, was held at' the Independent Methodist Chapel, Risky, on Friday evening last week. It will be remembered that this un fortunate young man met with 3 serious gun accident on the day preceding Christmas day, and had his left leg amputated shortly afterwards. There was a good at- tendance at the concert which was presided over by Mr. George Walker of Padgato. The programme included songs, readings, recitations, selections ty the choir, and two dialogues entitled " Paddy's Mistake " nd "Caught in his own trap," which created much amusement. An ambulance demonstration by an mholanra earna the instruction of Police Sergeant Barc.es was aloe siva A concert was held the following evening. when tha chair was occupied by Mr. U. Thornton. A similar prc • gramme was gone through includinfr, an amusing dia- logue entitled " Minding tha baby whoile wife goes eawt." The total proceeds of the two concerts animun. ted to £7 43. 61 The sum of £5 43. 7d., has aleo belu oollected in the Sunday school of that chapel.

===== 0002601_18980225_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR _FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

EN'TISTR Y'. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. r [HEM. Each patient informed beforehand the cost foe work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. EETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto by the *ld of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 gallons weekly. J.

Rzore.,of the late

H. PARKINSON (Dvaisr BY EXAM.)

MANCHESTER, 40, MOSLEY-STRUT, (NAT. TEL. NO. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CUURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, Oh,C RGE-STREET, EARLESTOVVN, 00 TL ESDAYS, at Mrs. Mug

WARRINGTON, .on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANKEY-8T RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, Brunax-st

RTIIWICII OD Ft DAYS, 13, APPLII3fARKIII-3

===== 0002601_18980225_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD DIE l FENITINGS' CHILDREN'S POWDERS PREVENT CON- VULSIONS, ARE COOLING AND SOOTHING. FENNINGS' CIIILDREN'S POWDER For Children Cutting their Teeth, to prevent Con- vaisions. (Do not contain Antimony, Calomel, Opium, Morphia. nor anything injurious to a tender babe.) Bold in Stamped Boxes at Is. lid. and 2e. 9d. (great saving), with full directions. Sent post free for 15 stamps. Direct to ALFEEID FENNINGS, WEST COWES. LW. . Read FENNINCIS' EVERY MOVIER'S BOOR, ; wilith contains valuable Hints on Feeding, Teething, Weaning, Sleeping, Ac. Ask your Chemist for a FREE COPY.

- - - - - - - 6"2.01, IIIIMIZNIMMEZEVIRMOM3. MIISTADIC.LPLIIAN MEETING ROOM, BOLD- TREET, (three doors from Sankey Srreet), WAR- RINGTON -A micrußv. will be delivered in the above ''mons at 6.30 p.m.. February 20th by Mr. B. LAK.I4 of Iltockport. SURD:4OT '• A wise choice," (Ruth 1 & 16). tJ free. No collections.

WARRINGTON GYMNASIUM. SCHOOL CHILDREN'S DRILL COMPETITION, On MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28TH, 1898. TRAMS of BOYS and GIRLS from the following Schools Will (3compete : BT. /AMES'. ST. PAUL'S. TRINITY, ST. ALBAN'S, WYCLIFFE, and ST. MARY'S (Buttermarket-st.). 144 COMPETITORS. A GRAND INDIAN CLUB DISPLAY By MISS W. 30N183. Councillor TINNION in the Chair. Admission 6d. and 3d. Doors open at 7 p.m. Commence at 7.30 p.m., prompt.

. TO-NIGHT. THE PARR HALL POPULAR CONCERT. TO-NIGIIT (SA:WEL/AY), 26Tit FELCI4CARY, ARTISTES I— MISS KATE BEESLEY, MISS MARIE BURNETT. • Elocutionist. Soprano. MISS MONA CLARE, . MISS MAY WAYMAN, Danseuse. Contralto. MADAME BURELLI, Lady Whistler. MR. ARTEUR WEBER. Bass. MISS SYBIL AWDEY and AIR. W. R. DUNWN, Society Entertainer, in Use amusing Farcical Sketches THE AMATIOJWS REHEARSAL" AND THE AGENT." Acconspaniste, MISS SOPHIE ROBERTS. L.R.A.M. Doors open at 7 ; to commence at 7.30.

BEST BREAD, /LIE CURED AND ROLL BACON, AND CHESHIRE CHEEn ON TUE MARKET AUSTIN'S _LEG EARLIIST OWN IF YOU RANT A SACK OF (-4 I.XOOD FLOUR ASK FOR PRICES. WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, CORN, & PROVISION DEALER LEGH-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS Is now being offered hy To CILARKE, EXAMINER" (-TEICH. RARLESTOWN. PUBLISIILD By WARD LOCK AND BOWDON LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent. or 4s. in the Pound.

GOLD IN CANADA. K LONDYKE. All who desire information respecting Olrr. KLONDYKE and the 4OLDFIELD3 of --zO9lO and BRITISH COLUMBIA should write to ALLAN BROS. & CO., 19, .TA.MIIS-ST., LIVERPOOL, Tr their MAPS and LEAFLETS regarding the above and the BQUICULTURAL RESOURCES OF CANADA, wRICE LS FREE.

WIIITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via BR Queenstown. EVERY WIEDITESDIY. IILSANIC Wed.. Mar. 2. I *MAJESTIC Wed. Mar. 9. ie.... 8,7,nd Cabin will be carried on the voyage maraed thus* ah.rerage passage at low rates Including Outfit free of 47,1* to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. to WILY, hoax, and Co., Liverpool and 34, —^4enhall street, London BAL.

EIIIGRATiON TO CANADA. FREE GRANTS OF LAND FOR FARMS. ALSO CHEAP IMPROVED FARMS. e 8 wanted —Capitalists, Persons with moderate to ire. Farmers, Farm Labourers, and Young Men desiring tiervVll Farming. Special arrangements for 'Jo:nestle Ca-71.7'A exPorts largely Farm and Dairy Produce. ".„_" •-,o has gold and other minerals in abundance; Also tlitlla,"fOreStil' productive fisheries, important manoie- for stluinduetries, the iz largest area of fertile land available 1 "rpott oent In the world, and a growing import and N.,•l'littiplir,e in all commodities. ..74ter. eWis Maps, reliable information and advice on all oorn°ll interest to intending settlers, and as to the trade I Airan6...FosCle,, of the Dominion, may be obtained, 'gratis on application to the Canadian Government --s•rtREL,,,,ATER-srlicnT, Liverpool, '4-ONDENCE AND PERSONAL INTERVIEWS. lIIYITED.

-44 Ti%g•NII,ING EMIGRANTS to NZ" YORK, BO'S- 11LLA.DELF.EtJA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CA, .ZAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALA.LO Lake ticket. at the LOWEST ATES at "DEIN WALKER AND Co., "EXAMINFR" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. ' 14.1;v4 JOHN WALKER AND Co., " RTAIIINER " OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR A.I)E-T4 AIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY T STRAItIELS from LIVERPOOL. 41g STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. A.vr LIE ETRAMPTON to NAW direet,Nrr--eignius. and LIVIIRPOOL and "AIILADELPHIA. every Oettp,. WEDNES- ERBAL EMBROCATION. tioopt-- utkiLl The celebrated eEectuas Ill°°Pl)T6l' cutTGE[ cure without internal :DOPING covori medicines. I:loop/NG coil° Er 4 sOfp ealt! thoetmtisit.es. pSroiLe Wholesale Agents: W. EDwARDS & Sox, 157, eitC)UP Queen Victoria Street, London. ocaz,o lirilißAL EMBROCATION.

BRE WARD AND BAILEY. CHINA MERCHANTS, SHOP AND RESIDENCE: 45, HORSEM ARK ET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

DUTTON AND COLYE R, (LATE SUTTON AND CO.) IRONMONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STRE IT, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW.

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, LOA., Professor of singing and Voiee Prodk,ction ; It tilan method.— Terms. &a.. apply Mr. PEARSON'S Pianoforte Warehouse, Warrington. Schools attended.

DITTLTILES, FOR CURB OF RUPTURES. ,Lik T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS lor Ours Of Rupture; registered ; wonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works.? & a Grosvenor-street Lon. don-roarl. Mannhaster.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of IV ED DING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, sILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellane'ms. Also a Fine Selectien of RARE (JOINS, WAR MEDALS. ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENYINGTON & Co.. JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, NUMISMATISTS, AND DEALERS IN ANTIQUES, 63—RENS11AW-STREET, LIVEILPOOL-53. Established 1819. Valuations for proisate.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 675 RENSFIAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FLNITURE DEALFR. THE CHEAPEST and II &ST HOUSE In the CITY, to purchase good reliable oecond-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES. CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes. Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toflet Services, Old Silver. Ele3tro Plate. Overmantles. Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables, ,to. Ac, AM:IQUB FUItdITURA A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions say this Establishment Is unsurpassed for tyle and Assortment INSPECTION INViTED.

S PECIALITIES IN PAPER AND PAPER BAGS. Caps 14 by 20, 70. Ream 16 by 24, 100., 19 by 29, is. 3d. Sweet Bags. loz. 101. 1,060; 2oz is.. 40z. Is. 2d. Butter Paper. 139.6 d. Cheese, lls. B:own, Bs. cwt. Thin White, 13s. 6.1. cwt Really good Note Paper, 44d., 5 quires. hop Books from sth Stephens' Is. Inks, Md.. 2s. do. Is. 53., 13. bottles, 63. Dozeu. Court Envelopes,from 250 Commercialsd , Counter, Md., 250. LONGWORTIVS 4, AND 6, OAK-STREET, Man- ches'er.

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS.

er RN BYRON, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

"A 44 ONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A tberanghlv reliable all HAND-MADE SILV2II ENG LIS H PATENT LEVER WATCH, c‘p ped,jewelled, and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, wcil finished and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket, "FUR FIFTY SHILLINGS." This watchis timedto a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITIONI A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Tears given .tith each watch. This watch.can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.. 03. Sent rost-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

THE ONLY MEANS FOR DESTROYING JIAIR on the face is by using ALEX. ROSS'S ORDINARY "DEPILATORY," 3s. 6.1., poet free 3s. 9d. ; for strong hair. the Electric Appliance, 35;.; for thick hair, Cauterising Liquid." 10s. 6d.; or the German Process, 425. ALEX. ROSS, 62, Theobald's Road, Holborn, London.

DELICATE SHADES OF HAIR ARTISTICALLY MATCHED, FROM El Is TO £5. IMMOVABLE I FROM I HAIR COMBINGS MADE SCALPETTRS, j 21s. I UP. 2s PER OZ. T. S. BROWN. 3, LERCE-STREE.T. LIVERPOOL.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS ! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS. UMBRELLAS RECOVERED rx HALF AS HOUR FROM 38. 69 T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

THE 26TH GREAT ANNUAL SALE OF WINTER CLOTHING AND SURPLUS STOCK. £2kioo OF STOCK TO BE CLEARED. OVERCOATS. THROUGH the mild Season we have a Larger STOCK than we care for, and to Reduce these we shall make an ENORMOUS REDUCTION IN PRICE according to Conditions from 4S. TO 10S. IN THE X.

ELECTRO-PLATING, GILDING & ENGRAVING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. ARTICLES MADE EQUAL TO NEW, at lowest cost. Catalogues free. JOSEPH HIGHAM, LIMITED. 127, STRANCIEWAYS, MANCHESTER-, (Opposite the Assize Courts.)

TAU 01 SHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER Ca, LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND NVALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lock fast" Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND sAUNDERSON, District Manager. Established 1859.

OUR CIIAINLEsS SAFETY IS THU MARVEL OF THE TRADE. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1893 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN, both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASII DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 69, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TEETIL-A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth, 28. 6d. 10 years' warranty. SAM WOODS, Esq., M.P., says in his testimonial : " They are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable, and axe a credit to you." H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 36, BRWSEY-STREBT, WRDNRsDAYS AND FRIDAYS.

GirEDDES'S DANDELION OOFFItE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, he Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. eaoh.l Wholesale by J. GROOMS AND SON. WARRINGTON BSTABLISHED 1833.

.Ik:WV. BOROUGH o?rt.*, • .4,. kr..,;.,..( WARRINGTON. - • 'Yo MO, W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONOIINTRATBD MANURE!. Twentieth Beason. Gennnal Agent— Mr. WM. HOUGHTON. PADDINGTON near Warrington.

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows, ac. removed any distance up to 15 miles On the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, andeverything connected with a Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER VAL D, LONGFORD. YIITAMLISIIED 1870.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CHRSTIDI. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &D., Delivered in bags. carriage paid, In 2 Ton lots within ' 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent dis,ppolatment. Full particulars from R. D.SCALLISON, Indoor and Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. r to Mr. B. ALDRED. Stamford-rd., Altrincham. Mr. 3. H. Nsrwrow, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. J. S. GALLA.ND. Brookfield,, Baddlley, near Hantwich.

MRS. ROSE'S FAMOUS FEMALE', IVIIITURE. Will positively remove the most OBSTINATH OBSTRUC- TIONS, Irregularities, etc., in a few doses. Guaranteed the most powerful and strongest on earth. Failure is impossible It acts like magic in the most long-standing and intricate obstructions. Ladles will save time, trouble, and expense by coming to an emperienced Specialist at first. Post free 'under cover, securely packed, with full directions, and advice. 'FOUR SHILLINGS AND SI/MINCE per Bottle with WEaTTEN GUARANTHR OF CURL Thousands of Testimonials like the following. Full name and address will be V. Wine). given "Y-or MR MONTHS I have been trying pills, medicine tabui,es, aad other rr ixtures in vain, but one bottle of your pleasant remedy put me all right " Have tried nearly every advertised remedy for over FOUR MONTHS, but poser's cured me with one bottle Shall he pleased to answer any lady as to the truth of this.' —Mrs. tit, If you Rl* in doubt as to which r.ntedy to send for, write for my 100-paged book of Testimonials, aboiwing you why the others cannot cure you. Mae. 11.048, 2, ARTHUR TRTIRACH, LOWBR-ROAD LONDON, 5.11.

RAY ND 31 ILES' CLE, RANCE SALE, FEBRUARY 21E1T TO MARCH 26TH (` NCLUSIVE). Mr. WILLIAM RAY ~4-s to Announce that he has recently taken over the ENTIRE ,rOCK of his late firm at the MOST ADVANTAGE° US TEI sdS, which will enable him to offer about 0,0 0 0 WoliTII OF FURNI iIING GOODS AT OR UNDER TM' MANUFACTURERS' PRICES, thus affording an except ,nal opportunity for those about to Furnish, the Trad zihippc. s. Hotel Proprietors and others. The Original Prices, in Main, Figure*, will be left on the Goods, 613 that Cu tomers may see the Actual Reduc- tions made in the -tines. -- THE SALE WILL COMMENCE TIITS DAY, AND END ON SATURDAY, mARCH 26. All goods must be takei .d.livory of and paid for by the Re of April, Or the Iginsl pricEs will be eliargeA. RAY AND MILE e= RAT), 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 46, .48, LONDON-ROAD, HOTHAN-ST., BRI AND nA2zll,-..r„ , L 7ERPOOL. RAY • AND MILES' TWELTTII CLEM. ;NOE SALE IN 34 YEARS. • • CARPETS N DE FREE OF COST. CARPET SALE. Messrs. RAY and MILES beg to announce their ANNUAL , SALE of CARPETS, commences this Day, and terminates on the 26th of March. During the Sale the ENTIRE STOCK wM be MARKED at a REDUCED PRICF, planned, made, and laid down ' "FREE OF COST." The usual charges :for binding, rings, and nails will be made. The stock consists cf Axminster, Brussels, Tapestry, Kid- derminster, Felt, Dutch, and other Carpets; Floorcloths Lindleums. Hearthrugs, Mats, lee., The conditions of the sale are "prompt cash," and all carpets bought during the sale must be laid down by the 9th of April. or if after that date the usual charges will be made. SPECIAL NOTICE. Miring this Sale we shall offer 150 Pieces of the Best English Axmitreater Carpets at 5s per yard. with Borders to match, and about 40 Pieces without Borders will be sold at 45 9d per yard. These goods are usually sold at from 6s 2d to 6* 9d per yard, and as we cannot possibly lepeat them at the above prices we advise our customers to make an early selection. -- ENCING THIS DAY, COMM 21sT INST. 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48, LONDON-ROAD LIVERPOOL. February,lB9B. THE ONLY LEGITIMATE SALE IN THE CARPET TRAJE. EVERY ARTICLE ABSOLUT eLY REDUCED IN PRICE. 2s Id 2s 3d, and 21 Id per yard. re rade, at 3s 71 per yard; Brussels Carpets, the best quality other qualities at 38 43, 3s. Made and laid free. Axminster Carpets. at 2s 11d. 4s 3d, 5s Id. and 5 8 d per yard. Made and laid free. Taosestre Carpets, the best quality made, at Is ; Other qualities at 2s Id, 1.8 10d, Is 73, 18 43, and Is 23 per yard, Made and laid free. About 2000, Bordered Brussels Care ets. in all sizes. at considerably less than-the makers present prices. Laid free of cost. 250 Bordered Tanestry Carpets. in good colourings, all reduced in price, and laid free of charge, All Seamless, Axminster, Brussels. Tapestry, and Art Carpets redued in price. Laid free. SPECIAL PURCHASE.-124 Magnificent Bordered Ax- minster Carpets, will be sold at nearly half the usual prices. Laid down tree of charge. N.8.-These goods are made in England. 20 Japanese Carpeteeize 4 yards by 3 yards,will be cleared at 31s 61 each. Laid free. 600 Best-quality Axminster Rugs, 121 t, le g* ; reduced to lit 63 ; 181 t, 22s 63, reduced to 15s 6d; 16ft, 19s 6d, reduced to 13s 6d. 750 Pieces of Linoleum, reduced to Is, Is 4d, pc 9d. 23 3d, and 2s 63 per square yard, and laid free of cost. 451 Pieces of Flooreloth, reduced to Is Bd, 24 25, 2s 73, area 2s 10d per square yard, eat to any site and fitted free. ITS Pieces of Floorcloth, sold in the width of 2 yards wide at I* 4d, Is 7d, 2s, and 21 83 per running yard. laid free. About 80 pieces of Inlaid Linoleum will be sold at 2s lid per square yard and laid free of charge. The usual price of these goods is Is per square yard. A Lot of Kensington Squares to be cleared at the following prices r-3 by 2i yards, lit 3d ; 3 by 3 yards, 13s Id; 3 by 3} yards, 15s 9d ; 3 by 4 yards, 18s ; 4 by 21. * yards, 211; kby yards, 23s 95. All Hearthrugs reduced in price. All Skin Rugs reduced in price. All Skin Mats reduced in price. All Axminster Mats reduced In price. All Stair Carpets reduced in pr ee. All Mattings reduced in price. I Every Article ha the Carpet Department reduced in price, I and made and laid free of charge. FEBRUARY 31 TO MARCH 26, INCLUSIVE, RAT AND MILES, 34 TO 48, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. • WEDDING RINGS.-Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best valuell; the town or district. Bold by weight from SEVIi SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to Fir TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes. including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each C pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.-RUSTANCIt AND O the Illuminated Cloak, 43, Saßkey-etreet, Warrin tan.. Established 1864.

BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, &C. AT LOWEST WHOLESALE PRICES. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-, WOOL BEDS, 10/6 BOLSTERS AND PILLOWS. BAIR, WOOL AND WIRE MATTRESSES, All Properly Periled by Chemical Process and Guaranteed. SWEET, CLEAN, it FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. BEDROOM CHAIRS, 2/6, KITCHEN CHAIRS, 2/11. THE LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

REMOVED TO LARGER AND MORE CENTRAL PREMISES 445 lIORSEMARKE 13 STREET. irr- .v VV • H. HURST, FAMILY GROCER, de., OF 28, MARKET-STREET, Wishes to Inform patrons and the public that he has taken the above premises, and will open them ON FRIDAY NEXT. FEBRUARY 25TH, With a choice and well-selected stock of he BEST GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS OBTAINABLE. W. IL H. thanks his numerous customers for the liberal support he has recelved, and hopes for a continuance of the ' same, and that of the resident population which it will, at all times, be his endeavour to merit. All orders w,ll receive , prompt attention. W. H. HURST, (HAMER'S Old Shop), 44, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

DON'T WASTE MONEY! By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED CO MPAN Y, LOUGHBOROUGH, LE LCESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economieal system in the World, and thereby defy competition. 3,000 VAR IETIES 3,000 Of Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities. PRESS OPINIONS. " We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "is here propoun ted."—" Peter- borough Standard." " An experience of sever sl years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and mnre costly packets."-- Newcastle Chronicle." " The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright during the coming season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times." -- LIST OP V EGF TABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. Our COMPLETE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain- ing Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, /lardy Plants, /to., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 500 Illustrations, the whole forming a eomplete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

£150,000 AD OR ZER,ARTNGTAati°, bine SUMS to snit BORROWERS in any part of the COUNTRY.— WW. RX.LDEB, 6, Cook-st., Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

rr II E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from RIO o £SNI upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower inter, than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit or- towers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Salo taken.—Apply or write for terms to GEORGE. PAYNE. Accountant, 20, Kennedy 5t., Manchester.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. H. JOHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES .INi FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Workingmen. and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. sIONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry. in your simple written promiae to pay back.—Apply t VW- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. an d in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District aenerally reoeive precisely the same attention.

LIN I 0 N CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon Promissory Notes, Deeds, Policies. Shares. /to.. at the following scale of charges : £lO repayable ss. weeicly—Entire interest 14s. 9,1. £5O „ 20s. ~ ~ £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 405. ~ £6 16s, Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Fus Hier pa:Centers by letter. or on personal application. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 24 to 4 per cent. Ter annum psiable half yearly. F.I RLD I N G'S LI3II T E D . LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 yelrs, LOAM £3 TO £5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS. and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assuraooo polioies, Berm:lions. Freehold and Leasehold Property, £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable is per wk. C-5 ~ 2/6 .. £2) ~ 10/- . £lO „ 5/- „ £25 ~ 12/6 ~ Letters with a stamp will receive, prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to I. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent, , 121, MERSBY-5211148T. WARAINGTON

NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY PERS. MONET—Absolutely without Bill of Sale. Publicity, or Fees, from one month to ilye years. H E NATUNAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS. CROSS-STREET, Established 1872. IdANCIIBiTER. Capital. £200,001 The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may bc paid bY instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank • does not obarge preliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual ohjectionai Loan Office routine is entirely- dispensed with. Apply in strictest confidence to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, Resident Manager, NOM—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGEOUS TIMMS for LOANS on LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND MORTGAGIsS. NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY TEES.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. A PRIVATE GhNTLEMAN, having a considerable sum of uninvested money at his disposal, ia prepared to advance the same to all respectable and responsible Persons in any part of England or Wales, In 9121115 Of not less Units £lO to £lOOO on Borrowers own SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO REPAY. without sureties or security. No Delay. No Law Costs. THE STRICTEST PRIVACY IS GUARANTEED and, if clesirtd, a written undertaking will be given to this effect. Advances Ow made on Mortgages and reversions at 1011 rates of Interest repayable by easy instalments, or in one sum to suit the Borrower's convenience. cr. if desired, the Capital can remain as long as the Interest is paid. For full particulars (tree of charge), apply personally or by letter (stating amount required) to. W. STEWART, 2. COOPER-STREET, MANCHESTER'

WINTER SALE. LADIES', MAIDS', AND CHILDREN'S Cl k) AR34ENTS IN ALL THE LEADING FASHIONABLE STYLES AND COLOURS. LORD BROS.' \/N E\// GENUI $ IS NOW ON.ALE

TREMENDOUS BARGAINS. EXCEPTIONAL VALUE. JUDGE FUR YOURSELVES. SNE DOOR AND WINDOW, STOCK AND SHOW ROOMS AT 128, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON,

IJNDER THil CLOCK 117 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR GOOD BOOTS.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHILITLEYI 110 P BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM WINWICE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AMR ALB. WARDLIS'S HORRIIOUND BEER

DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUGH-USE DON'T COUG H-US E There is absolestely no remedy BO speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief ; ca o be taken by the most delicate KEATING'S LOZENGES KEATING'S LOZENGES KEATING& LOZENGES If on cannot sleep for courhing,:ose Keating s Lozenge will set you right. Any Doctor will tell you they are. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. SOLD everywhere in tine 131 d. each, or free 4,n receipt ef stamps from THOMAS K 1 TING. Chemist, London

THE ECLIPSE FEMALE REMEDY For the removal of Irregularities. Obstructions and all Female Complaints iu the course of a few hours. It mules no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration whatever. This marvellous Remedy has been proved without a doubt be the most effective Medicine ever introduced, The Laboratory, being under the supervision of a Medical Man, who, for the past 30 years, has made a special study of Female Complaints, Ladies can rest assured of receiving most careful advice with each bottle of medicine. Advice sent gratis and post free by letter only on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. A lady wettsB : "Please send me a bottle of your famous Mixture, for which I enclose 4s. ld. 4 Mena has recommended this as a most effective Medicine' Price 4s. 6d. (post free) from J. STEVENS, 55, kjITANCEE7 LANE LONDON, W.C.

THE BEANO° CYCLES MANUFACTURED BY BAXENDALE & CO. MANCHESTER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREW LIVERPOOL.

l'A.,,,Vt I: Oa. • CZ %41P"'-.4k(F15097 P t."l '7'7' U P Fr!? p ,t ~,,,,.. ~ -- .- 6 ',1,;.-: ~,,) ''' ' " La a '4F, THERE kt?) ru37:l-kai,::.Z TO ' t...a 1 . . r * - !'; •,;' • 1',,,,, , Y ' ' ' •Ei ''' . ' ,I' ',.Z.,:4••.,, • 'V Prepared from Kola, Cocoa, Malt, and Hops. It gives strength and energy . ,i ;.sa.a andcoi eire6nae. e toifnf earirenntoiounristisenrta.peSroladneaveryyvtehefroer hclia6iciliqaseakmert and - offered as free test of merit by DR. TOMES' VI-COCOA, Ltd., 60, 61, & 62, Dunhill Row, London, E.C.

DELICIOUS 111AZAWATTER DB LICIO US MAZ 4.WATTEE DELICIOUS MAZAW&TTRE DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEK Dainty. Pure. Refreshing. Sold by HENRY MILLING and Co.. LIMITED, 5 Horsemarket-street, and Corporation Buildings. Sole Wholesale and Retail Azeats for lillarringtm

WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LE-FYLDE, 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident English and Foreign certitcated governesses. Plaiting masters. Principal—Miss ROGERSON. Governess- Pupil wanted.

ROSENEATH, WREXHAM, N. WALES, HIGH-CLASS SCHOOL FOR GlRLS.—Principils MISS EVANS and MISS JONES, assisted by Miss Hyaline Iredale, 8.A., Friulien Thumm, and others. First Glass Masters. Splen- did modern mansion, IS tanding ia four sores of ground • two tennis lawns, school library, gymnasium, perfect sanitalion. Good modern methods. Every attention paid to the health and comfort of pupils. Very successful in examinations. For terms and prospectus, apply as above.

fy3trls, WDrool Iloarbuux 05tab5. OUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDB HYDRO.—Physician, DE O BARNARDO. desirable Winter Residence, one of the handsomest b 11 logs in Southport ; centrally situated; replete with every comfort ; flue Sea vie'. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s. 6d. per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths, Massage and Galvanism- -J. BooCOCIC, Proprietor.

LON MTh . WILD'S TEMPERANC E ROTAL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARB- HOME COMFORTS, CLRARLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL. FOR BUSIRESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co„ Ltd. Proptietore.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN& CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW CARPE CS, FURNITURE, REUP- HOLSTERING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING, Ac. Designs and Patterns Sent on Application, Note Address,—CHARLES SOUTIIORN & CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, BARNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Teel:Asp 9, o. 6367.

SOPT SOAP (Manufacturing) ; thoroughly established among first-class grocers and others over large part of United Kingdom.—Address firstly, S., 5, BROOKS-ALLEY, Church-street, Liverpool. _ _

L 100 "How I make £lOO yearly certain from 26 . Hens kept in absolute confinement." Anyone can do it. Pamphlet showing method, Is. id.—Roduns, 69, George-street, Oxford.

LIGGS for SITTING from pare Black Minoreas, Pitt's _LI strain, Buff Leghorns, Bateman's, Golden Wyandottes, Abbott's Champion otraiu, very large hens, all selected, good layers. 3s. 6d. sitting ; one pen each kept.—..aushs. 209 Weaver-st.. Winsford, Cheshire.

EGGS. SINCLAIR'S EGGS. EGG PRODUCING POWDER. DEFIES COMPETITION. YOUR HEN'S will LAY Summer and Winter if you, use it. Send at once for sample ilb. tin; 10. carriage paid sufficient for 6 Hens, for 10 weeks. Once tried always used SOLE MANUFACTURER, F. S INCL AIR THE RUT, HARROW, miDDLßs'ax. EGGS. EGGS.

------- -ODER strong copper-cased Pans,Mn. diameter, £lB eaell; .r Tanks (new). Cased Pans. Kiers, Steaming Boxes, Engineers' Castings.-'-1. S. COOPER, Chapel-street Foundry, Ancoats, Manchester.

Li T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod Ar) Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manebeeter, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and alt kinds of dugineering Work promptly. Catalogueof wheel and pulley patterns on appli- oation.—Telephone 229.

T IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY DIRBOT.—There- I fore, Telephone '' Avenue 5,891," or Telegraph Rubes- traL London" (A.B.C. Code used) or write TUB RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL CO-19 and 23,WATER-LANII.GREAT TOWER-STREET LONDON, B.C. The Best and Cheapest WON-CORROSIVE MACHINERY and ENGINE OILS In the World. Send for PREIS ORDER FORM and PR ICS LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU.

pATENT OFR ICA MANCHESTER, BSTAIILIMED IN 1835. Messrs.GEORGB DAVIES SON have hag]. more than 40 years personal experience in conneotion with this Establish ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and Iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price Bd. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," pries Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C. 8., k SON. M.S.A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PECIIBTT AND SONS, LOOO24OTIVE ENGINE EUILDEES, DIGSTOL. Have in stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 18 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on cpplication

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET, Adjoining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Station. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED BESTUABANT In the Town. HAYES'S RESTAURANT. SOUTHPORT.

G. H. AND H. M. JACKSON. 59, AND 61, CHURCH STREET, WARRINGTON. lt/lASSWE PAIR OF BRONZE Payments taken. IVI MARLI DoUBLE HORSES, EQUAL to new, very fine Workman- slop. and very Highly fnished. 35 Great bargain the pair only S.

HANDSOME MARBLED TIME- PIECE, large size, 2 Pillars on Payments taken. eacb side, very elaborate design, guaranteed good time keeper. 15S. 6D. Our price Come and see for yourselves, mar- vellous value.

TUST FORFEITED. A GENT'S Payments taken. ILI GOLD GENEVA WATCH, equal to new, beautifully engraved cases, fully jewelled, Gold face, 14 Carat cases, cost late owner 70s. 22 S. Our price If you want a watch don't let this opportunity pass you, see window.

rt ENT'S MASSIVE 9 CARAT Payments taken. FANCY GOLD ALBERT. very neat pattern, cost when new, £2 14 6 90s. the price is now to clear S. D.

wup rr RING and KEEPER RING; just for- Payments takea. felted, Keeper Ring splendidly chased,these are an'extra special line, and exceptionally cheap,we will give pnrehaser half a dozen tea spoons in £1 SS. the pair, worth 455. Our price

U UST FORFEITED. BANJO, in Payments taken. splendid condition, quite corn- plete, must have cost new quite 428. £1 ss. to clear

TAPESTRT CARPET, large size, Payments taken. 3 yds. by 4 yds.. splendid quality, newest designs; very £1 ss. cheap

SPECIAL NOTICE. JACKSON'S are noted, and recognised in Warrington, to be the King of Furnishers. We are satisfied with small profits and quick returns. By this system we aro increasing our customers in large numbers every week. Couples about to Marry, should enquire our prices and terms, and they would find it gi eatly to their advantage DONT /FORGET. JACKSON, THE KING OF FURNISIIIISS, CHURCH-STREET.

LIAItrHENWARB and Ohlna.—Seconds £2 crate: Bests £3;Lii or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. ; write for ists. —WEBB AND Co., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton,

DlLBS.—Hundreds successfully cured by EASEL'S ILBS. Well worth a 'pound a box. Sold at Is.; post free Is. Id.; by Chemists or proprietor.—SPEDDlNG, Bone- setter, Batley.

ACERTAIN CURE FOR DRUNKENNESS.— A Lady will forward a valuable recipe for the above on receipt is. 6d.—Address Mus. WILMOT, 41, L naker-st , Ardwick Villa, Southport. A STROLOGY.—Your FUTURE FORETOLD, Marriage, /a. Children, Changes in Circumstances, Journeys. Legacies, An. Send date of birth. IL stamps and stamped envelope.—Ma, COLE, 30 Cheltenham Place, Brightoa SWIM

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. IT MORHLL,I7 and 18,Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury, W.C. Cheapest House I London for Bnglish and Foreign Picture-Frame andßoomu Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings. &,e. Whole&le Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Rafe'ding. Spescial attention to country orders. Full particulars In New Pattern Books just pub- lished, 107 pages containimg all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram BA BB RY, London."

y ADIUS, MOTHERS, and DA.UGHTERS.—A Lady of LA great experience will be pleased to forward to any lady (on receipt of stamped, directed envelope) proofs of the most powerful female medicine on earth, as used in all the prin- ciple towns in England, cures all forms of female irregulari- ties and obstructions—no matter how long standing ; write at once for proofs and particulars of my famous female remedy, which has cured the most hopeless case in a few hours ; quite harmless to the most delicate lady ; never fails in the most obstinate case, causes no pain or prostration. Please mention paper. MADAM LAMAX, Berkeley Villa, Southall Green, Middlesex.

BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAINS A NEW DEPARTURE! GOODS DIRECT FROM THE FACTORY TO THE PURCHASER, AT THE NEW DRAPERY WAREBOUSE, 401 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. RETAIL QUANTITIES CAN BE HAD AT WHOLESALE PRICES. A LARGE STOOK OF BOYS' AND MEN'S SHIRTS AND SHIRTINGS, GRANDRILLS, &C. ALSO SKIRTS AND SKIRTINGS, FLANNELETTES. A LARGE VARIETY OF APRONS. LADIES' UNDERCLOTHING. &C.. &C. NOTE PRICES. BOYS' SHIRTS (Cotton or Flannelette,) from 3d. MEN'S SHIRTS „ „ Old. BOY'S UNION SHIRTS ..• „ 10d. MENB UNION SHIRTS " mA2s. WOMEN'S APRONS 22-- SHIRTING TO BE GIVEN AWAY! To every purchaser of one a our C.lebrated Oxford Shirts, I Which we are selling at the marvellously low prices of Is. 10d. and 25., will be given, entirely free of cost, yard of the same material. THE LARGEST AND CHEAPEST STOCK EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT. Compare our prices with so called" Sale" or " Bankrupt Stock "prices and judge for yourselves. DON'T FAIL TO SECURE SOME OF THE GREAT BARGAINS OFFERED AT CORNS' NEW DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 40, DUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON

UMBRELLAS, UMBRELLAS, UMBRELLAS, A Large and Varied Stock to Seled from at all prices. UMBRELLAS RECOVERED. In SILK from 4s. 61. In half-an-hour. Trade supplied. Established upwards of 40 years. J OSEPH MCCAULEY-, 65. THOMAS-STREET. MANCHESTER. (two doors from Oak-street.) No connection with any other firm or traveller.

UMBRELLAS. UMBRELLAS. UMBRELLAS ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES. UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED n Ihalf-an-hoor from 3s. Ed. T. BRIERLEY, (from Walmeley's) 49, PICCADILLY, MANOHIISTBR.

DARRY 'S 0 HEAT PIANO SALE 1 Catalogue now Reaoy, Post Fre on Application to 20, DOWNING-STREET, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER. £ s. Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Brinsmead Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano. by Stoddart 3 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage.by Yates,cheek-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard .fc Collard 11 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood & Sons 14 0 Rosewood Cottage, by Brinsmead,latest improvements 25 0 Rosewood Cottage, by Bud Ibach A Sohn, ditto Walnut Cottage, by Collard & Collard, ditto 2B 0 Piano and Organ Combined, a grand instrument l6 10 About 60 One and Two Manual Organs, from £3 to £4O.

MUSIC. BUY YOUR PIANOS at WADSWORTH'S ORGANS at WADSWORTH'S MUSIC at WADSWORTH'S VIOLINS at WADSWORTH'S MANDOLINES at WADSWORTH'S GUITARS at WADSWORTH'S BANJOS at WADSWORTH'S AUTO-HARPS at WADSWORTH'S MELODIONS at WADSWORTH'S MOUTH ORGANS at WADsWORTH'S STRINGS and FITTINGS at WADS WORTH'S. CASH OR HIRE SYSTEM: BET TEEMS. You know the address : OPPOSITE THE PARK, WARRINGTON,

k)AI I T 'S. 34, OXFORD STREET, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MARC ESTE R , Without doubt the BEST and CHEAP Rill' House for Pianos or Organs by all the Great Makers. pIANOS at Till 1016.1 Paid ORGANS at NG for. Second-hand Instrarnents at Lower Rates. Nothing supplied but what Is of the very best quality. DELIVERED FREE ANYWHERE on receipt of First Month's Hire. Send for Illustrated Price List, or, what is better still, call on SmiTa personally any day up to 7 Dan. SATURDAY 8. , RAILWAY FARE ALLOWED TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS. SMITH'S PIANO, " THE MASTERPIECE." ' This Instrument is the embodiment of all that is goci in quality, material, style, and Knish, and is the Piano par excellence, smilia refrains from say- ing anything more as to the many Virtues of this Instrument, but leaves the discriminating public to dilate further upon its merits. One Guinea Monthly till paid for. Guaranteed ten years. If it is true that "Good wine needs no bush," 'Tie also true that " Good pianos need I no push." Shakspeare and Smith—. As You Like It." SMITH'S NEW "LIFE INSURANCE SCHEME Every instrument on SMITH'S Hire System is insured free of charge during the hiring, to the extent of the full value of , be instrument ; and should the hirer's death ensue in the meantime the instrument will be absolutely made over to the nearest relative of the hirer without any furttier payment whatever, no matter what the amount still swing may be, provided there are no arrears of hire at the time. No addition what- ever Is made to the ordinary price. This is a perfectly genuine seheme,and there is no trick or (latch ahout it. wmiN YOU GO TO BUY A PIANO HAVE A FRIEND AT YOUR ELBOW WHO UNDERSTANDS THEM.

FACTORIES :-88 AND 179, OXFORD ROAD, 11Ali CHESTER.

D E 4.1` NESS. HEAD NOISES, EAR DISCHARGES, Ac. " IZONBNE " (Itegcl-). A sa`e, effectual, and permanent cure tor DEAFNESS and all diseases of the Bar and its various tributaries, from what- ever cause arising. BLINDNESS. Tux" IZONBNE " BYE REMEDIES, For the cure of Cataract, Dimness of Vision, Week Sight, Inflammation. Watery Eyes, specks. Ulcers' lc' The remedies are Mild and soothing In their application, powerful and gratifying in their °penal on. Have stood the test of three quarters of a century, and are daily performing miraculous cures. " Izonene" triumphs (with old or young) n everything fails. One trial proves their efficacy. Either of these special remedies, price 2s 9d., forwarded post free for Is. Special directions for use accompany each package. Address to the proprietors only— TUE " REMEDY COMPANY, YORK ROUSE, PARK-STREET, LEEDS.

Telephone No. 55. e ROBERT Lo WE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Begs to announce that he has removed hie Offices to.the more convenient premises NO. 15 BANK STREET, The Ground Floor of the Central Bale Booms.

DITTS'S OFFICE and LIBRARY FURNITURE has stood 1. pre-eminent for over fifty years. Largest, best, and Cheapest stock. Every description of Desks, Tables, Stools, Chairs, Book-cases, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City prices, at SAMUEL PITTS'S, Established 1545. LONDON-ROAD (Close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just through South Junction Railway Arch. Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Vue cars pass the door.

- d‘HOW TO ENSURE{ HEALTH.'—A medical work giv- ing Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility ; poet free two stamps.—Address Messrs. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

EVERT MAN SUFFERING from Nervous and Physical Debility should send for a valuable pamphlet explaining bow all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent sealed, post free. Address— .NOßTON, 59. 8c 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.C. Established 30 Years.

COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS AT 1/4, 1/6, & 1/10 PER LB. are admitted to be THE BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED TO THE :PUBLIC. COOPER AND CO.'S SAUSAGES AND COOKED MEATS Are Unequalled for FLAVOUR AND GENERAL EXCELLENCE OF QUALITY. COOPER AND CO.'S SMOKED HAMS ARE THE FINEST PROCURABLE. EVERY HAM GUARANTEED. Fully Detailed Price List of TEAS, GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS. Free on Application. Central Warehouses— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON, Warrington Branch- 4, BUTTERMAREET-STREET. AND IN ALL THE CHIEFICITIES AND TOWNS IN THE KINGDOM.

RENOWNED FOR TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BROMTITITAI,S, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE srAams. AC. T CHLORODYIN E 130. per Bottle. OW LE'S A. P. TOWLE MANCHESTER.

Ebe "Opinfiter " ,erftE; OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and .21Ge Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. MILE Earkstown and Newton Examiner, published L every Friday afternoon. rrHE St. Helene Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. TRuncorn Examiner, published every Satur- day morning, and MAE Wanes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- -1) lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 76, ..k6OLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHERTINGS,,PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CLIFFS AND LAMES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned tvitur. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELVIEU. 105, HOPE STREET, GLASGOW, 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRYVILLE FACTORY, BALLYMERE.

DR. SCOTT'S pus The Safest Medicine. ild bu Effectual,. DR. scorra PILLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured. DU. SCOTT'S pthks Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depression. DR. scon's pILLS Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. lyi. SCOITS PILLS Strengthen and invigorate the whole Nervous System, R. scorr's pus The best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purifier. SCOTT'S piLLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173. SEYMOUR- PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine inAtead, but insist on having the right thing, whiqi is wrapped ia a square green package.

PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN, - GRAND ENTERTAINMENT Oa WEDNESDAY NEXT. MARCH 2NP, by the RUNCORN CHARITY MINSTRELS combilied with the RUNCORN PRIZE MIDGET MINSTRELS. Don't miss the Prize Midgets I Reserved Seats. 25.; Second Seats, Is.; Back Seats (limited), 6d. Doors open 7.30 p.m. ; commence at 8 p.m.

Thirteen Days' .lorke.....East3 West, North, and south g Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are sold entirely on their merits. The only recommenda- tion that is ever used, or that ever has been used by us to promote their sale, is What the Thankful People Say. We are inundated with letters of thanks. Most of them are never published, but the writers recommend' the Pills to their neighbours, and such is the certainty with which Dr: Williams' ' Pink Pills cure, that we iorow BY RIPBRIENCE that if we once begin to sell Pills in any locality we shall soon have many other people buying them there, encouraged to do so by those Who Have .Used Them. . i Below are portraits of Thirty-two People—in all parts of the Kingdom—with their names and the ailments which afflicted them, and which were cured in every case by the use of •a g • Dr. Williams'iim Pink Pills for Pale People. ) 1 l? :D.. .....FifICI:T. ... .......,..,, , --,-.- , It 1 -.-- 0.• ...... ..) - A / it •64 ..e,/ , , 1 Mrs. Hall, Mr. Grierson., Mrs. I; lye' ako, - Mr. S all ood, Miss Sst:guril, Mrs. & Mr. Dear, East Ham, Miss Busbrielgo, Blackburn, Manchester, Salford°, Weak- ' . Leeds, Chronic Dyspepsia. Buckhurst Hill, Eczema. Chronic ness after Rheumatism. Antemis. Consumption. Bronchitis. Confinement. v 1.. ..... : .0 . ' .. • N '/ • .....„. .0 j;•,.. - ..---,-- , ,•.„ •-.• ,A!'"h- -604r4 • • ..---. -... ..iwAPA• ? 1,•". ...". W \ - / ki / . • 1 ' Ac-Z‘ alf 7. / 4sl)\\ X 1 Mr. Young, Miss McGurin, Miss Flrby, Mr. McMullen, Mr. Joyce, Mrs. Lowe, Mr. Browning, Airdrie, nr. Haddington, Scdgeficld, Harriinton, Norwich, Leytonstone, Forest Gate, II C1.71,1* Tl9Pugly,Er. Indigestion. Amemia. Co. Durham., Pneumonia Consumption. Irritation of Bronchitis and IthOUrnatiSM. AlllOllll% and Pleurkiy. Blood. Paralysis. , • • 4,..J‘ -.- . c.(..-,• ::''' \P . ..- T 5•-• V ilir-Z, 4.4. / ) - / ./:k.; ,i. •i i \' -4 \'? ‹ I I/ 0r,.....-.), Mr. Crcr.cwell, Mrs. iltrix:er, . Mr. Court, Mc.:. S° pe. r ' Miss Warren. Mr. Tricker, Mr. Peers, Mr. Locke, • nr. Chichester. Par,ridso Groon, Swauscombe, Wolverten Wrestlingworth, Hoddesdon, Wednesfield, nr. Newport, . Gastric Ulcer. Aft: r-o.octs of Itheurnaticra. Hants, . Beds, Liver Stomach . Effects of Influenza. , Indigestion. Consumption. Complaint. Troubles. Chill. 6v..e:' ( j°l c'l • 4. ...:. (CI )......., AII " t ..,., , \.7 - :2 -...' ....e, . ~....e.....0 i '' _ 6.-- '..5.; c-- - •I\ - - , - • )---• • • • --.g:-•_.... Y 6 '' 1 e ----- i , • 4, Urge Broome's Miss Stone, Mrs. Swan, Mr. Chinnery, Miss 'limber, Mr. Buller., Mrs. Phillips' . Mrs. Evans. ?-r-'7 s fr e :', ,?1 . • 4----4 I-- ri'4'ZCd? child, near Dunchideock. Croydon, Herne Hill, Bath, Williton. child, near Nash Lighthotute, Honiton, Bickets. bison, Heart Anteulia and Sciatica. Am:amis.. Rheumatism. ' Neath, it. Indigestion, &a Disease. Wc.akness. Vitus' Dance. Suffering Men and Women—Ask our Candid .: Advice, Tell us what your ailments are—how you feel, and what you suffer. We ;will tell you. frankly whether Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured such disorders as yours. If not, we would not sell them ' to you, no matter what was offered. We decline to sell to people whom we do not think the Pills will cure. We shall treat your letter as private. Do not hesitate to write fully. Address : Dr. ,Williams' Medicine Company, 46 flolborn Viaduct, London, E.C. To everyone who writeswe send free the famous Dr. Williams' Medical Work, called . - i 66 TI=TE WAY To BE WELL."

\\,*, . \\\:\k„,: \• " .--,,t.L'f,4%.,•:,„,,-; ' - i'4•.:•:.''S' 4., A . 7•70:.:',:,"---'''T-Sf _ ,;.z"?.,,'-',--•'', :. ,_ ,z, . "f-:>•,,,, 1 5, , , , fll 1.• 11;„:" 071.,:. ET ,r:ska :,it • '1,4,1 ~...,..;,.....,,,.„.4 i nGf•! - GRADE MANUFACTURES. I.^ ECONOMIC IN PRICE. g 1 1 4 \j,11;5/ :74 tit ..r. * Perfection of Shape. at Materials. - -class Work. Drit;sh Manufacture. *-• '0 EnTLEIS "ZPRID" PCSK3 aND 3117FCRTS. * Various Shapes for all figures. * ;'„•t: - ..,c., We recommend Z6O Black, 56; Z 67 White, • French Orey, or Putty, 5/6. Call and eee - ?'..c tb.cl,e beautiful Corsete. .33 If unable to I obtain, write to W. Pretty * t & Son, Ipswich, for illustrated list, an '"l', particulars as to where procurable. ***

A, a 41:4) e "Lf94 44/ : ,;74, •, ~ c d , , ilr-itt eitas • CURES when all other Remedies fail • IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVINGIALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND:SOON CORES The Worst Corns and Bunions It Softens awl Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, I'li. of all ;:chemists. M. REETHAM e.c301, Chemists, HELTENHAM. -- BO STABLE 18 COMPLETE WITHOUI k ELtIMAN V ks-IL)i A 14,,N ---'-:,V', -.i... *O-2..J , .._....,.._ ~ 0r..9: ..1 6 ~.....„..05.,,,, Osrorm a . :, "Z- • - 161 ARAtf... , SIOUAY =VD ~-{vl EMBROCATIOI\-f 1 ~.. For Sprains, Curbs, and Splints when forming For Over-reaches, Chapped Heels, Wind Galls. For Rheumatism In Horses. For Sore Throats. For Broken Knees, Bruises, Capped Hocks. For Sore Shoulders, Sore Backs. For Sprains, Cuts. Bruises In Dogs. For Cramp In Birds. Indispensable in any stable, but especially In the stable of a Master of Hounds. HADDINGTON, Master of Berwickshire Hounds. Bottles, Is,, 2a , 2s. ed., 3a. 6.1. Jars, 10s. 6d., 20s.

WOMEN'S AILMENTS. lIREGULARITIRS, Ac.—A Lady, having tried in vain every advertised remedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act in a few hours, no matter how stubborn the case. Bona-fide sufferers can get it FREE of CHARGE by enclosing stamped envelispe. Don't experiment with Worthless Pills, Minutes, Cones and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPE and CONFI- MINOR to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings, Chanoery-laae, Loacl7. TOWLE'ts.PENNYROYAL Dili 54 & STEEL : rocc• . FEIN A LEli. QUICITLIT 0011/MOT ALL rEsoratrutrrixs, Mom ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the distressing symptoms So prevalent with the sez. Boxes, laic& 2,9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of lo orB4 stamps, by E. T. TOWLLI & Co., Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. rt ' Beware o limitations t 'uriosts and worthle •

d_LIMAN'i_ NIVERSAL w EMBROCAIION 811 , IOR ,ter.,; ittitUMATiat - • )t, nom. IXTIAB4GO-1 ..,4E. it* BRuists.• ;-_- -4% CHEr Corm ~ fi‘litirk.,,,, Ak. , ..... ~,,,,,,, ~.„. , ~/ ~ , Alk ~ .v,....T. . 7 4:: ~-,• ~ • ,•:-,; - • ,-- ' e ~ -.-- • - ~ _ . . ~.. ...."'7. • . . ti 'VIM MAIM . .. . prepared agy - um ant Pail.! DT ZINO' #SOI\ISSIC SLOUCH.

THE ORE REMEDY. •SINSAIIEVS -IGOUT PILLS FOR GOUT RHBil MAU:, u SCIATICA. LUMBAGO The Baernetatlng Pain Is quickly relieved. Sure. See and &Anal. AU Cliemiata and eV,rea Is.ldand 21. 9d. box.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX P'w PILLS " YOB ALL Bilious & Nervous Disorders, SUCH 19 B tCK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE.SIX MILLION BOXES In 80. 90, is. 114.. and 2s. 9d. each, with full Ddireobions. The ls. lid. Box contains 56 Pills. PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR— THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire.

BEECITAMS TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL-- CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES THE BREATH In Collapsible Tubas, of all Druggists, or from the Proprietors, for Is., post-paid.

o•esiteeas4o.atssamsee : Satisfactory alike to guest I• and host is coffee made with Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essence. Sold in small and large bottles by Grocers everywhere. 4‘054.14,404,040.tc26.040.9(5943.134+

A 177-, r, 7,..„ I ISki LINrANw A, IRISH LINEN IRISH MITBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS t Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti• fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. TaISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozer,; made speclal to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittines, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and a/6 per dozen. DINNER I'APKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, qd. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH L INEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND LINENS, EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, DuTab,ility. ) and Style. Please say if for Ladies or Gents Ilear. 1 IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 201- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. FlUrivrON & CO„ LARNE3 IhELAND

Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for their, rich and delicious flavour. Sold: 2mall and large bottles by , Croc-,rs in every town.

DEATHS. IN 3IEIiORIA.II. In LOVING MEMORY of my Dear Husband, JOHN HARDOASTLS (late of Sankey Green Post Office) who diej February 22nd, 1896. Gone but not forgotten. FORD—February 21st. at 19, Leta-street, Birkenhead, aged 38 years. William Ford, eldest son of James Ford, radga e- road, Warringten. SAXON—February 10th. at Mersey-street, Warrington, Hilda Mary Saxon, aged 10 months. GRlFYlN—February 14th, at Forster-street, Warrington, Martin Griffin, aged 48 years. Gnome —February 15th, at Academy-street, Warrington, Margaret Groom, aged 51 years. LLOY D —February 15th, at Clara-street, Warrington, Leonard Lloyd, aged 1 year. I SMITH—February 15th. at Cumberland-street, Warrington. Albert Smith. aged 2 years. Bxxxx—Yebruary 14th, at Dale-street, Warrington, Atilt Riley, aged 69 years. Poi:mass—February 16th, at Old Road, Latchford. Foulkes, aged 19 years.

FRIARS' GRUEN, wAnaiNaTozi (Opposite Arpley Station). S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &D., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monumente,Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, and. Stone. Designs and Hstimates Free. LETTE4-OUTTING, AND CLRANING ExisrlN4 PIONUMENTS A SPROIALTY.
