===== 0002601_18980422_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Ilv,--- .11,7L-WD ING EMIGRANTS to NW YORK, BOS- lt, PHILADELPHIA. SAE FRANCISCO, CANADA . •••,HINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND • t i, ,i‘tv Co., take tickets at the LOWEST BATHS at JOHN WALKER AND V to"ExAmINFR" OFFICE. WARRINGTON. JOHN Co., W V ALKER AN i.) " EXAMINER " OPTION. " AoRNTE3 FOR WARRINGTON. .tk .4LAIDE, NELBOULNE and SYDNEY 1 Nv.b„ BTRAMIEE from LIVERPOOL. 413,1 TE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. 4:1.111,1CAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW I. ops ...... direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL -• 111 '`uxiC sad 1111LA.D1114411.b. every WRDSIIS-

===== 0002601_18980422_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 993.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELEC PION OF BOOKS Ii now being offered by Tis CLARKE, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, ELBLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOOK AND 110WDOII, LONDON. A 9 • Menai of 211 rer coat or 44,1 n Ow Fowl.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE PENNY

K RATINGS' POWDER. KEATING's POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER.

Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles. TFIE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. (Harmless to everything but lussets), bold only In tins, 3d., 6d., and Is. Only be sure you do get " Sea.tlag's." FLEAS' BEETLES, MOMS, BUGS. BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS VLEAS, BEETLES, MOTH% BUGS,

FRIDAY, APRIL 22, 1898.

WHAT DO YOU USE

to overcome the stiffness and soreness which every one feels aster unusually prolonged exertion of any . kind f THE BESTIR/111E0Y IS GRATTOWS EMBROCATION, which Relieves the Bore feeling immediately. Ni.SEd THE STIFFNESS. Strengthens the muicles, Price Is. lid. Bole Agents : BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS, Who sell at the reduced price of 100. per bottle,

GRATTON'S EMBROCATION. FOOTBALL COMPETITION, £5O.

The following twenty-five persons gave the final result of the ENGLISH CUP COMPETITION correctly, act a cheque for RE has been forwarded to each one of than.

NAMES AND ADDRESSES :-

BATHS, THOMAS, Grimsby, Lincolnshire. BOOKHR. O. 0., Smetlawick, Birmingham. BROWN, W., Radford, NottififtbAm• coorne, GHORGH, Kimberley, Notts. DRURY, 120Blilir J, Newark-on-Trent. ELLIS, BRNkIST, Radford, Nottingham. iii43I.I.IILOVH, A. B, Chapeltown, near Sheffield. GILBRIfiT, BarBlom:. neer Chesterfield.

- GRIJAVBS, JOHN H., Owlerton, or Sheffield. GUEST, JOHN WILLIAM, Sheffield. HBATH, ARTHUR Brampton, Chesterfield, HICXLING. A., Nottingham. HILL, WILLIAM. Birmingham. JOICNIRL ALFRED, Newark, Notts, MARE, HIIIIBRKT. Macclesfield, Cheshire. MASTERS. W. P.. Redditch, Worcestershire. MASON. JAMBS, Wedaesbury. Riciumnsos, w, jun., Rotherham, Yorkshire. ROBINSON, W. H., Gainsbore'. ROB, JOSEPH. Nottingham. SHACRLOCK, ALFRIW Nottingham, SHANKLAND, A., Swansea, N. A., Nottiughsni. STBANS. WM. FRANCIS, Nottingham. WRIGHT, WM. 111111t1I, Nottingham. ANDERSON °BATTON. 20th April, 11398.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER" OFFICE,

pLACARS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD. Single Sheet bit. 31n. by 3ft. 9in. THE LARGEST IN THR DISTRICT. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES roa BALLS. BOGRASIMES mon CON VERSAZIONE PROGRAMMES Tea METES, &c. JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

By Posy{ ss. 754 d per Quarter, 6s. 6d. per annum. is. 9d. per Quarter credit.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTS FOR

NEW TEAR, WEDDINGS, AND BIRTHDAYS ALSO COI AND ANTIQUES. On LE, N Ch olitSeEspeAleletiOn of Presents for NEW YEAR , SALE. WhDDINOS end BIRTHDAYS, in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and MISCELLANE- OUS. Also a fine selection of RARE COINS. MBDALg, COIN CABINETS,ANTIQUES.CHINA and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD bought or taken in eathange• y. S. PENNINGTON & CO , NUMISMATISTS, MEDALLISTS', AND JEWELLERS. STREET, LIVERPOOL. 63.) RENSHAW Established MC Valuations for Probate.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATZ DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but can be arranged. TEETH All consultations free, 1 TEETH. Bach patient Informed beforehand the cost I I- for work required. , TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate 1 charges. ' TEETH. An M.D.. also Lady Attendants. ' TEETH. Painless Bztracgru asshitherto by the aid of Oxide, TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.000 gallons weekly. -A-

lixore, of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(Darr= ay Bxax.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NaT. Tar.. No. 1680), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET KARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS at Mrs. MBEs.

WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS 3, SANKBY-ST. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BunIGE-sr. NORTH WICH, on FRIDAYS,IB, APPLE/LAMEST-8T

"A WONDERFUL WATCH." A thornghly reliable allH E IT AND-MAD SILVER BG—LI ti SH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSER. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat In the pocket, "FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS." This wat obis timedto a minute. and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had In ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. LB. Sent lost-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, In receipt of P. 0.0.

50s.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE _

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists. in Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Sd. each.i Wholesale by J. GBDDRS AND SON. WARRINGTON

ESTABLISHED 1833.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
IXEIIBITION GRASS SEEDS, is. per lb.

BOW NOW. DWARF.

EVBRGEBEN. SOW NOW.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBERT P. %ER AND SONS, 11. BASNBTT-EITEBBT, LIVHRPOOL.

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED, MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

SPRING SHOW DAYS, SPRING SHOW DAYS.

THIS WHIM SPRING SHOW DATS,

THIS WBBK. SPRING SHOW DAYS,

THIS WEEK. THIS WEEK. SPRING SHOW DAYS, SPRING SHOW DAYS, THIS WEEK. THIS WEEK.

SLOW DAY FOR DRESS GOODS.

Finest Assortment of Coloured Dress Fabrics in Town. Beautiful Niaterials in Newest Colourings. Yard.

DIMS FABRICS. double-width CORDOBOYS, all colours le 6id to 2s iid wool double-width BENGALINH, all colours Fr Mixture COATINGS, for coats and skirts : and Wool MIXTLIRBS, new colourings is 1141 to 31 sleek Striped OBRPONS, new stripes Is Od to 3e lid Bleck Broolui ORB -.0W3 very rich Black Figured ALPACAS. beat designs Os sti Sa 5d Black Figured SATIN CLOTM, very durable

All-wool

Silk

===== 0002601_18980422_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW DAY FOR SILKS, VSLVEITS.

A costly and Elaborate Show of Blouse Silks. Dress Silks, land Triomf:lg dilks. Thousands of Rich and Choice bilks. SILKS. SILKS. New Check BLOUSB SILK. 18 colourings lO yard Coloured SA. INS, In every conceivable shAde...ls d yard Fancy Wired BLOUSB SILK, 22 colourings...ls 4% yard- Brocioe SILKSJor DT 0. it• Trimrnings,lllouses,&c le 11d yard Black Merveilleux SILKS, for Blouses, &o Is 4d yard . Black BrochelllLK. grand make and design is 6d yard, i:inarant sad Black Dress SILK very rich Es 110 yard IGiand Range et Black Breche SILKS Es hld w 7. lid yard

SHOW DAY FOR LACE CURTAINS. LACE CURTAINS. LACE CURTAINS. LACE CURTAINS. Spring Clawing. NOTICEI.—In view of Spring Cleaning we have now com- pleted our New Range of Designs and we have the. finest Stock of Swiss, Guipure, Madrat. SeetOh. and NottScitham Curtains in the town. Thousands of pain- t() select from.

LAC CURTAINS. Lane Curtalns,white nnd cream,3 vards 10ng...11 llid to Ulla. Lane Cortalns,wbite and cream. 4:yards long 2s lid toles Lao. Curtains,white and cream, 4 yards 10ng..... 5s lid t. 21. Oar Om-tains range from Is Sid to als. ART MUSLIN, MADRA.S MUiLINS, DIIIrIT AND CRSTONNRS.

IWTTBRICJIC PUTPLISIII (JO.. LIMITHD.—We keep FULL STO IR of the PATIO PATTIitOIS published hy the above Company, es their Agents.

BENIESIIRRNTS FINE TO PIIIICHASSIIS. RRPRESHMENTS FRUI TO PUROHASHItti.

FUNERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY.

nROBBY tt WALKER, LIMITED.. 88,84, 88, and 88. OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER. •

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNR'S. CHLORODY^:}C. HT ORIGINAL ANL L,NLy GENunu

etiILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the moat woaderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. ----- •

----- CIRLORODYNE is the best reruedy known for vj Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. rtEILOHODYNY. effectually checks and arrests; sLose teo otten taw disearfas—Diphtlieria, Fewer, ctrosp, Agne. 11/ILOHODYNiI acts like a charm in Diarrhcea. ‘J sad the only specific In Cholera and Dysentery. OHLORODYN ( effectually cuss short all attack, of Epilepsy. Viyettria, Palpitation, and Spasms. ri.IIIJORODYN 1,, is the only palliative in Neural— ea. Rheumatism. Gout, Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis,. las

From Dr. B. J. DoULTotic ANDCo., Hornoastlii. We have made pretty extensive use of Ohlorodyne to ear practice lately and look Un it as an ea-m.llo3ra direct Seda- tive and An -spasmodic, It %emus to ale), pain and Irrita- tion in whatever organ, aid from whatever cause. ft induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by arlY other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage Over all other sedative' ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Hari Russell eommunleated to the College of. P.hysician& that be received a deepateii from her Majesty & own' at, Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully. and that the ONLY remedy of any service was kaiLoßo- DYNN."—Se• Let. lat. December. 1864. undoubtedly, the iuventor or CAUIION.—BEWARIS. i'L....ACY AND Ijfl C/ITTlon.—Vlce-Chancellor Sir PLGK WOOD stated that. J. COLLO BA•WRIS Was. " OHLORUDT1111" and ihat the story of the delmoant PIUSIMAN, was dellls.,raely warn". width be regretted to "Y had been sworn tw.—See Times, 13th July, 18134. "Urn ejnt n tarn p. re (O Lid wors LIS BHOWNWS, Bold in bottles ~t is. lid... Zs. Sit Alld. 4s. Sd. Naas IA gsuine CRLOltowDltyboA bag Medical teetimeny a %Jonah...tuns each bottle. 80L1 maarracruaxas :—J. T. DaVICLIPURT, 3, ace Zussoll-eirwa, Oposisbury,thuion

I

i;'

44,

„

===== 0002601_18980422_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK TOUR M°DOUGALUS PATENT SELF-RAISING FLOUR. iSkOCER PON

• " C A C rrA L" AT.., -- There is a struggle of gigantic dinu-nsions ahead of the labour world. Inspired in a gi'eat measure by the success of the employers in the engineering strike, the employers in various departments of industry are being organised. If the organisation can take the shape of a national federation of large employers, this will be the form given to it. If it cannot be made national, then the movement will assume the form of groups or combinations of cor- related and mutually-dependent industries, the ob- ject of which will be to break down the men's unions one by one. It is believed in labouring circles that the struggle is not very far distant. Tne cfmbination of employers has made considerable progress, and there is little doubt that if it is not a national combination at first it will assume the form of a national federation of groups of em- ployers before long. At any rate, all the combina- tions of employers in mutually-connected trades will be in close sympathy and touch with the other combinations,and working men or their leaders can- not too soon begin to consider how they are to meet this dan.er. The account given by the witl,Av of the Claimant of the manner in which the so-called confession was obtained from him opens a new sensation in the case. Under a promise made to him at a moment when he was starving and in ill-health, to pay him £3OOO it he would sign the name "Arthur Orton" to a story of his life written by someone else,in which he was made to confess that he was not fichborne, he yielded to the temptation, and, according to his widow's narration,showed an extraordinary amount: of simplicity in the business part oh the transaction, for he believed that the person who negotiated with him did so under a false name, and he part ed with the document without getting the £3OOO in ex- change for it. All he received was less than £4OO, which is said to have come from the weekly paper which published it, and this journal ought now to have some light to throw on the transaction. What the individual who negotiated with the deceased obtained is unknown to the widow. The confession, it would taus seeni,was not the result of contrition an the Claimant's part,but another great hoax upon the public for a sordid end.

There is some commotion in the theatrical warld of London at the present moment at the prospect of the creation of a great theatrical trust, wit h enorm- ous capital, which is to do for the dramtvic amuse- ment of the public what some gigantic hotel com- panies have done for its entertainment in other directions. I rather think the company is already formed and at work, and a new opera, which has just been produced in Dublin, is generally said to have been brought out under its auspices. The fact that it has broken ground in Dublin shows that it is not a mere London speculation, and I understand one of its objects is to buy or bvild theatres in pro- vincial towns, and to produce plays, especially new plays, in the houses owned by the syndicate. This trust is said to have a capital of half a million at its back, but I fear it will not see much return for its money. Most towns in the provinces of any pre- tensions are probably already supplied with as many theatres as the town can maintain, and in London there is a bran new and elegant and well- conducted theatre in every suburb.

An interesting but little-known scheme for allot- ment purchase,' learn, has been in succe-sful opera- tion on Tyneside for about seven years. The scheine is, in effect,an application of the co-operative prin- ciple in acquisition and distribution of land. Estates are partitioned into small areas and retailed at wholesale prices. In this way seven more or less important estates—representing 800 acres—have been distributed among 249 proprietors; 116 new dwelling-houses have been erected or are in course of erection;and the increase in the population'of the localities in which the holdings are situated is said to be 600. That all classes are represented is shown from tne feet that the houses vary in value from £l5O to £3,000. These results are a sufficient indi- cation of success;and while the enterprise is carried' out on a sound commercial basis, it is obviously none the less effective as an a,,ency of social re- form. The membership of this allotment society —the iiability of individuals being limited to a small subscription —numbers 715. with the addition uf two co-operative societies. It has not hitherto taken advantage of the Allotment Acts, nor shown any desire to enlist the support of the social philan- thropist. "It expresses neither approval nor dis- approval of the existing tenure of land, but, with- , out prejudice to the opinions of its members there- ' on, seeks to make the best of things as they are, leaving ulterior issues to politicians."

The Kitchen Committee are treating the action of Sir Wilfrid Lawson in raising the question of the sale of intoxicating liquor in the precincts of the Hoarse of Commons by an action in the courts of law rather indifferently. They consider the matter in the light of a good joke, and, in spite of the re- cant admissions of the Attorney General, some of the Committee appear inclined to take the view that no cow t would attempt to exercise jurisdiction within the Palace of Westminster. It seems pro- bable that the threatened proceedings,if carried out will be directed in the first instance against the sale of drink not to members but to "strangers." who now obtain refreshments at the bar in the Central Hall, Sir Richard Webster has the matter under his consideration at the present tinao,an.d it is of course by his advice that the Committee will eventually be guided.

-- - Spurgeon's Tabernacle, in Newington Causeway, London, which was ilestreyed by fire on Wednes- dy, was in itself a tribute to the power and vigorous personality of the great Nonconformist preacher for whom it was built, and whose name naturally usurped its more formal title of the " Metropolitan " Tabernacle. When Spurgeon became pastor of the New Pirk-street Chapel, Southwark, out of which the Tabernacle grew, he was under twenty years of age. But in a few mo.litha the chapel, which had been nearly empty hefore, could not contain the congregations that flocked to hear him A lerger chapel was built only to be found quite inadequate, and in 1856 when Spurgeon was only twenty-two. it was decided to build a great Tabernacle to seat six thousand persons. It was while the Tabernacle was being built and Spurgeon was preaching in the Surrey Gardens Music Hall—s place that held ten thousand people—that someone maliciously raised a cry of fire and caused a panic which resulted in the death of seven persons and the injury of many others. The Tabernacle was opened in 1861, and it va- enough to make the building famous that Sunday after Sunday for more than thirty years Spurgeon filled it at every service. Few Noncon- formists or Americans viLiLed London for the first time without going as a matter of course to hear Fpurgeon at the ft,hernacle. The news of the des- truction of the building will be received with regret In many parts of the English-speaking world.

Mr. Davitt is contributing a series of articles in one of the London morning papers, describing his observations on the management of the convict Prisons during a round of vieits he has just made to them. Partly as a result of this, and partly from his extensive knowledge and study of the subject, has begun to put down a number of amend- ments to the Prisons Bill, all in the direction of the more humane treatment of prisoners. These will be followed by others on the same lines, and as the Home Secretary, throughout the discussion on the secord reading of the Bill, manifested a great amount of open•mindedness and a strong disposition towards at least a more reasonable treatment of prisoners, it may be taken for granted that not few of Mr. Davitt's amendments will be embodied CM the new Legislative Prieon Code.

The result of the ballot fo-r the secretaryship of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers was declared on Tuesday night. Mr.llarnes had a majority of 5,004 over the other three candidates combined, acd was con- sequently re-elected on the first ballot. The innkeeper's business was practised in Rome at the tittle of Christ. There were then over 700 registered inns in the capital. Esch bad a registered sign, which no other innlEppper wag permitted to rope. ElRlsatallds.h.ftaaaadi\ASlAlligAlkle

NOTES AND NEWS. • The war spirit of the Red Men has actually been roused over the Spanish-American difficulty, and 600 Sioux Indians under the command of six fighting braves hive gone to the Governor of South D ikota and offend their services to fight against Spain in the event of hos- tilities bting declared. The curl ;us part of the matter is tha;:. large number—the great majority in fact— werk with Sitting Bull at the massacre of General Custer.

A barrister-at-law writing to the London " Daily Chronicle," says :—" Apart from the fact you have mentioned,that Earl Russell has entered his name for the Bar,it is perhaps not widely known that his training hitherto has been in the profession or electrical engineer- itig,of which he is a • consultant.' rhe present Solicitor. General (Sir R. B. Finlay) forsook medicine tor law ; Lord Armstrong quitted the solicitors' ranks to follow imience and engir-eering as a profession ; Sir William Marriott I ft the pulpit for the Bar, as did Dr. Robert Wallace, M P., while General Sir Evelyn Wood added to his other accomplishments and military achievements by being called to tho Bar."

The shadow of mundane war does not seem to slacken the energy of the Salvationists in their spiritual cam- paign in America. General Booth began on Monday a week's visit to New York. To this end preparations bad been made for some time,and the opening ceremony wa, in Carnegie Hall,although most of the other meetings of the week took place in the Balvation Army buildiv..o Wftt nurteenth-street. Oa Saturday afternoon there to i:e an open-air rally in Union-square, and on Sunday, General Booth will address two meetings in the Acaderc* of Music, one in •he afternoon and one in the evenini, while on the 26:h, the day of the closing of the week's exercises,there will be a great meeting in the Metropoli- tan Opera House, at which General 13enjamin F. Trac:. his promised to preside.

The three Cycling Cornmissiorers of "Travel." Messrs. Fraser, Lunn, and Lowe, who are now crossing thp Rockies and Western America riding full speed for horn' have had a most interesting interview with the Marqui,, Ito during their stay in Japan. The Prime Minister invite,' them t* dinner at his official residence at Tokio, to meet the other Japanese Ministers of State, Mr. Fraser, who records the interview was much impressed with the quiet optimism of the Japanese Premier. He regp rds the Matquis as a man who, whilst a leader in reform, is really also a retraining force. The cyclists have now covered 15,000 miles in their ride from England to Yokohama, and have still three thousand miles to traverse across the American Continent. They expect to reach London towards the end of July.

The barbers of New York have noticed a decide change in the matter of moustaches since war has be,n in the air. Hitherto the fashion has been for small, well- trimmed moustaches, but now, it is stated, every man Who can grow a heavy, ferocious, military-lookii-, moustache is doing so, and all sorts of devices are bdog resorted to give as much as possible the appearance of what Colman in a particular case once described as a " shoe-brush stuck beneath the nose." A similar effect was noticed in Germany just before and during the Franco-German war, and evidences of the same feeling have been noticed in other countries, and even in some of our own regiments.

A statistic.an, basing his conclusions upon the average increase of insanity during the past forty years, has reached the conclosion that by the year 2301 there will be no further use for insane asylums, as there will not be sane persons enough to lock up the crazy ones. The old Quaker was still more of a pessimist when in a con- fidential mood he said to his wife : " Bettie, the whole world is off its balance, but thee and me ; and now I look a little more closely, thee seems a little peculiar tie." It was a gratification to the old man that there was at least one sane man in the world.

President McKinley is thus described by a correspon- dent who knows him well :—" He was born in Ohio in 1844, and is !hsrefore still in the prime of life. He is very tall and stoutly built. His features are regular and his eyes exceedingly flue, and although he is a very big man, he has a singular resemblance to Napoleon 1., especially when he is seated in is chair, and deep in thought. He is by no means a wealthy MAO, having lost much of his money ten years ago in a speculation which turned out the reverse of succes,ful. No hardet-work- ing man exists than the President, who, like the Pope, rise at six every morning. He does not care for play, and his greatest relaxation is the reading of novels, a pastime in which he often indulges after dinner. He married, thirty years ago, MiAs Ida Saxon, of Canton, who is a very accomplished and agreeable woman."

The Leicestershire co'liery disaster is in many ways the most painful that mai happened in England for a very long time. Of an explosion er a falling-in of work- ings or a sudden outbre.k of deadly gases one an usually say at least that it brought death quickly. But toe thirty-five men who were killed on Tuesday were entrapped by a " gob fire " that broke out a mile and a half away from them, and had to wait hopelessly for the end until the flames had exhausted the air and the dense smoke had spread tar en mgh to complete the slow work of suffocation. Only lie, out of forty men managed to break through the deadly barrier and escape, and one of these at least must have felt more grief than joy in his deliverance. The story of the father and eon who ran hand-in-hand for their lives until the one dropped exhausted or was pulled down in the panic and the other had no strength to help him on, and the fate of the two brave lads who ran trick to warn their comrades of the danger and so lost their own chance of safety—these are but two examples of the many tragic incidents and her.ic actions which always go to make up what we call a great colliery accident.

The newly-elected president of the Society of En- gineera (Mr. W. B. Beaumont), has raised a plea for the improvement of our road surfaces, particularly in the country. At present, according to the report by the Rev. Or. Gritton in the " British Architect," there are about 1,400,000 draught horses at work in the United Kingdom. Of these at least one-tenth could be easily dispensed with by small improvements upon the present methods of constructing and maintaining our roads. To save onlv onP-tonth of 500,000 horses would mean a sav- ing of £1,500,000 per ye4r, and the remaining 450,000 would be ahle to earn frcm £5 to £lO per year more than at present. At £5 a year the saving en this head alone would be £2,2so,ooo,making a total of 0.750.000. This sum capitalised at 3 per cent., represents £125,000,000. It is obvious, therefore, at least £100,000.000 sterling of national money might be pro- fitably Invested in the improvements of highways. Great Britain's Greatest Medicine is Hood's Sarsaparilla, Which absolutely Cures every form of Impure blood, from The pimple on your Face to the great Scrofula sore which Drains your system. Thousands of people Testify that Hood's Sarsaparilla cures Scrofula, Salt Rheum, Dyspepsia, Malaria, Catarrh, Rheumatism And That Tired Feeling. Remember this And get Hood's And only Hood's.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

IT would prevent many a domestic disagreement if the kitchen fire could be kindled by spontaneous - combustion.

WITH the aid of the " X " rsy, the rural post- mistress will find the sealed mail even more enter- taining than the postal cards. IT SOMETIMES DOES.—" The unexpected has happened." "What is it?" "I have got the legacy I have been expecting for ten years. SOME folks, like tugboats, seldom accomplish anything without a great deal of puffing and blowing • but, unlike tugboats, they often puff and blow without accomplishing anything. PitorusE.- -Clara : " Did he apologite for kissing you?" Maude: "Oh, yes, several times." EVERY woman advises her daughter not to marry a man who is in the same kind of business that her husband is in. PROBABLY.—Brown: "Who said betting is a fool's argument '?" Smith: "Probably man who lost." TfIE wounds of love are quickest healed by another dart from his bow. FIRST BOY (contenptuously) : "Huh! Your mother takes in washin'." Second Boy: 'o' course You didn't suN.ose she'd leave it hanging out at night unless your father was in prison, did ye ?.'' "EVERY middle-aged woman has a favourite delusion." "And what i 3 it, may I ask ?" "That all the other women she knows are getting to look old faster than she is.

"WHAT do you think of my French, Jules?" I asked of my Paris guide. "It iss vonderful, madame," he replied courteously. "In all my life before I never have heard anysing like it." " THAT is the worst of these cab srikes," as the young man-about-town remarked when the driver of his hansom took a corner too closely, and, colliding with the kerb, threw him into the gutter. SMITHSON "That new doctor seems to be very popular with the ladies." Brownson : "Rather I Don't you know he's advising every one of them that they must have a bicycle for their health !" NEIGHBOUR "Well, Patrick, I'm glad your master is dead. He was an old skinflint, anyway." Patrick (indignantly): "Faith and Oi bet if he wor alive you'd not be either sayin' you wor glad he wor dead."

" PRUDENCE is one of the virtues that naturally go with age, but sometimes it is developed early. "Tommy," said a thoughtful mother, "your uncle William may be here to dinner to-day, and you must wash your face." "Yes, ma," said the thrifty Thomas; "but a 'posen he don't come. What then ?" IN TITE NEAR FUTURE.—Miss Redbud : "Do you think he will love me when lam old ?" Miss Palisade: "There's one consolation—you will soon know."

l'EacnEn (meaning the Spanish Armada): "What was it that Philip 11. of Spain sent to England— the Spanish—the Spanish what, Mary?" "The Spanish onion, ma'am." COOKED Fr.—Jones (who has a fancy for prize fowls): "Did a man bring a game bird here for me to-day, Bridget?" "Cook : "There was a fowl left here, but I thought he was for dinner, so I cut off his head and trussed him." Jones: "Great Scott, woman ! That was my splendid black-red game-cock that cost me five guineas." VALUABLE lIOBSES.—On the last day of a horse fair in Norfolk recently, some very queer-looking horses were still left unsold. A buyer purchased one, after much bargaining, for £2 10s.' and then asked the owner if he wouldn't return a half-crown just for luck; whereupon the owner refused, but added: "Ere, I won't be 'ard ; take another 'oss instead ; "

SQUIRE TO BUTCHER. -" Good morning, Brown. Glad to see you about again." Thank you, sir. I'm beginning to feel more like myself. My appetite's better, too." "That's right." "Yes, sir. And what d'ye think was the first thing I fancied, sir?" "Well, really, Brown, I don't know." A sausage, air! And me as knows all about 'em, too !" _ .

"Poor. MAN!" exclaimed the prison missionary to whom ti sheriffs guest had been relating a tale of woe • your life s:A.r,, 1,, have been one unbroken series o misfortunes." • • Yes," sighed the fallen one; "I have had many trials." TOMMY.—Did the fowl hurt you, Mr. Jones? Friend of Tommy's mother: What d'yon mean, my boy, what fowl? Tommy: Well, I wanted to know if it hurt, 'cause Mummy said you have been henpecked for twenty years. No SIDE ISSUES, IF You PLEASE.—Lawyer (after hearing her story) : "From what you say, madam, your husband must be a brute 1" Fair Applicant (bridling): "You need go no further with the case, sir! I will consult another lawyer. I came here to get a divorce, sir, not to hear my husband abused 1"

AN old lady was in the habit of warming the bed after her spouse had gone to rest, and this always much to his alarm. One night she did this as usual, but with the cold pan which was quickly rubbed on his leg. With a shriek of rage, he leapt on to the floor. "There! I always said you'd burn me, and now you've been and clone it." RELATIVE VALUE.— CUMBO : "All value is rela- tive, and —" Cawker (interrupting) : "And I suppose the nearer the relative is the greater is the value." Cuing° : "I am afraid Ido not follow you." Cawker : "I was merely thinking of the tendency among some young men to court girls for their pa value. '

Wificar DREAMS MAY COME.—Patient: "Doctor, I dreamed something terrible last night. I saw my dead father." Doctor : "What did you eat for supper?" Patient : "A mince - pie, doctor." Doctor: "My friend, if you eat two mince-pies to-night you may see your grandfather." A CERTAIN wag, who had just completed a journey of six miles on our south coast railways in the exceedingly short space of three-quarters of an hour, posted the following notice up in the car- riage :—" Passengers would oblige the guard by not getting out to pluck flowers while the train is in motion."

AN INTELLECTUAL TREAT.—" Mr. Barclay is SO well read ; he repeated an exquisite quotation last night." "What was it?" "I can't give you the exact words; but he said he'd rather be a some- thing in a something than a something else in a what-do-you-call-it." ONE MORE CRlME.—Magistrate : "What is the charge against this young woman?" Officer: "Carrying concealed arms, yer honour." Magis- trate: "Eh ? Where are they?" Officer : "Somewhere inside her big sleeves, yer honour." A CHOSEN OCCUPATION.—" It is strango," re- marked the observant man, "but very few people are content to do what they are best qualified for. Painters long to be musicians and musicians long to be authors, and so it goes." " Yes," replied the business man, "but there are exceptions to every rule. I know a young man who has been doing the same thing for years, and he seems per- fectiy satisfied with it." " What has he been doing ? " " Not h ing." No Molo To BE SAID.—" Only those who have been roused from midnight slumber on board ship by the terrible cry 'Man overboard !' " said the traveller, " can comprehend to the full its terrible meaning—the fear and horror of the sudden alarm." "Oh, yes, they can," replied a hearer, who wasn't much of a traveller. "I heard it once when I wasn't near the ship, and I realised the horror of it more than anyone else." "You couldn't," said the traveller, scornfully. "Yes, I could," persisted the little lame shoemaker. "I was the man who was overboard!"

TAKING A FENCE.—" Can he take a fence?" the buyer inquired timidly of the man in attendance, for, from various reasons, the advertiser of the horse himself did not appear. "Take offence I" replied the ostler with a grin, "why I should say he could. That's just what the guv nor's a sellin' ov 'im for." " Why—er—what the—what do you mean ?" "Jest wot I say, mimter. If that 'oss hadn't took offence at a 'armless bit of paper larst week an' bolted, an' fractured missis's ribs and killed one ov the kids, 'e wouldn't a bin far sale." "les bad enough for men to go out almost every night in the week," said Mr. Meekton, in. dignantly. There's a good deal going on down town," her husband replied. "Everybody is din. cussing public questions now, and I hate to miss any of it. "But what makes me,n, stay out till one or two o'clock in the morning? „rietta, do you want me to tell you the cold, solid truth I" Wen, a good many of us don't do any. thing between half past ten p.m. and half-past one a.m re going to say to our wives when we get home."

===== 0002601_18980422_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY -WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our rcw,v BOOK oontainin valuable information to Ladies' how oil Irregularities may be ,ntirely Avoided or alomoved by Simple Means Reoorn mended by eminent PbysSolana as the only Safe, Sure, and genuine Remedy. Never Fells, Thousruoli Of Test:- monials. —Mr. W. E. BLANCIiAIZD. Clan n:ont Hobse Forest-road, DaAton Loi,den

===== 0002601_18980422_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
INHUMAN W.RAPONS OF WAR.

FEARFUL RESULTS OF BRITISH BULLETS. At the German Surgical Conferesei in Wiesbaden the well-known professor of surgery, Doctor von Bruns, of Tiitingen, road a paper on "Inhuman Weapons of vvar,". which has had much attention drawn to it throughout Germany. Doctor von Bruns has made a number of experiments on dead bodies or portions of them with the bullets supplied to the British troops dur- ini recent campaign in the North-Wert of India. He says that the result,' of the contact of these bullets with the human body are fearful, and cannot be exaggerated. Not only are the bones, but the flesh as well, torn and splintered in all directious. Eyed the skin at the point of contact shows long seams torn in all directions. Doctor von Bruns expressed the hope that the German Government would take steps to bring about an agreement among the European Powers for the exclusive Wl^. of small calibre weapons supplied with bullets which would be either entirely Covered with lead or have at least the points protected with this metal. The bullet should only render the ha t interest. D octo olnt I;utHast'esd address that a t, enemy unfit, and should not mutilate him as well. is and followed it Doctor von Coler,the chief of the German Army Medical wawBipthremseunct Ite COL elusion the lecturer was greotcd Rith loud and long-continued iinnisuse.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY APRIL 22, 1898 (Copyright.) THE WHEEL OF FATE.

j ekt„

(10

pocket-book, drawn by men whorn,you mass. not keep balances at their bankers ? " . You have entered full particulars of a cheq.. drawn by a member of her Majesty's Government; which you cashed for him on the 3rd of April. Were you afraid this cheque would not be honoured ? " "I have forgottr all about it." "I will not assist your memory by mentioning the name of the right honourable gentleman. We must consider his feelings. It would be unkind to allow your opinion of his financial position 'to be generally known." Counsel spoke in a voice of mock pity. "I endorse that opinion," concurred the Judge, with a laugh. "You can look at the entry to which I refer," said counsel The pocket-book was accordingly passed, to witness. "Now, can you tell me why you mentioned this. special cheque?" asked counsel.' "No; I cannot. But I had good reasons for doing so, I expect." "When did_ you first learn that Messrs. Mears and Co. were Mr. Vane's tailors?" "When I offered, -them the forged cheque and asked them to cash it." "What led you to offer it to them?" 'They were customers of mine." • "When did you fitet,heard that the signature to the cheque was forged? a. "When the detective from Scotland Yard called and told melt was forged." ' "What did you tell him?" , "I told him all I knew about the matter, and described the accused`is well as I could." "Were you surprised to hear that the signature in the cheque was forged?" "Yes—very." ~ After asking a few more questiofis Sir Edward 'Masters sat down, and Richard Musgrove scatted, the Ivitness-box with a keen sense of relief.' It was now luncheon-time, and the accused left the dock. She was glad of a short respite from the strain of listening to evidence , against herself, which, notwithstanding the cle,yeC cross-examina- tion of her counsel, did not appear to be seriously t shaken. With feelings of sup:rife she had noted Dennis Vane's absence from court. At the hearing before, the magistrates he had figured conspicuously, always in company with Eric Hume. His non- appearance at the present juncture filled her mind' with depressing 'forebodings. Had he suddenly lost confidence in he innocence, and, unwilling that it should,appear he had done so, was pur- posely absenting himself from court? These and similar harassing conjectures had coursed through her troubled brain during Musgrove's examination and cross-examination. If Dennis Vane, the man in whose goodness and judgment she had unbounded confidence, believed her guilty of the crime of which she stood accused, was it possible that the jury, who judged her alone by the evidence placed before them, would acquit her? But one answer could arise in response. The luncheon-time passed all too quickly for the unhappy accused, It seemed but a space before she was again summoned to take her place in the dock, and to be gazed at by many of her country- men and women. Richard Musgrove again entered the witness-box, and counsel for the prosecution proceeded to re- examine him, with a view to proving that his entries in the pocket-book, regarding the cheques, were made with commendable foresight. "Why did you fear that the cheque drawn by the `right tonourable .member would not be met?" asked :ilr. Vernon,. Q. C. "Because a friend of mine called in during the evening of the day that 'I Cashed it, and said it was reported that the gentleman in question had • met with a serious accident and could not live through the night. I afterwards found out that my friend had been misinformed." This ended Musgrove's evidence. The next , witness was Thomas Brown, the server from Messrs. Tuke and Co., artists' colourmen. He was a tall, thin man, with a quick,- observant' manner. He had occupied his present post for fifteen years, and was trusted implicitly by his employers. The art of never uttering a thoughtless or unnecessary word, which he had cultivated in his youth, had materially assisted him in gaining his present position, and bore him in good stead at this juncture. In short, he was the very embodi- ment of a discreet and confidence-inspiring witness. His evidence clearly proved that no doubt existed in his mind, that it was the accused who called with the forged cheque at Messrs. Take and Co.'s, and asked him to cash it. "Were you then aware of the accused's name ? ". asked Mr. Vernon. "No • but I was well acquainted with her persona appearance." "Was she a frequent customer of yours?" • "Yes. But whatever she purchased she always took away with her. She always came in a hansom and kept it waiting." "How did you discover her name ? " "It was told me in an anonymous letter." ".,Is this the letter ? " asked counsel, passing a letter to the witness. "Yes." It ran as follows: "The receiver of this letter ought to give information to Messrs. Hanks, bankers, con- cerning a cheque that he was asked to cash on July 15th of last year by Miss Treherne, other. wise an innocent person may be wrongly con- victed. The cheque was signed Dennis Vane." "How did you act on receiving that letter ? " aiked counsel. "Tell me in your own words." "I consulted my principal, who advised my calling on Messrs. Hanks and Co., and shewing them the letter. I did so; and a few days after a detective called on me and asked me to describe the accused." "Did you give him any further clue to her identity ? " "I said I knew si was en artist." "On what date did the detective call?" "I cannot remember the exact date, but it was early in February." Many more questions bearing on the identity of the accused were put to witness, who did not swerve from his first statements. In cross-examination Sir Edward Masters asked : "Is it your custom to make mental notes of your customers' appearance? " "I do so unconsciously." Then the subject of accused's dress and it Algerian trimming was fully gone into; no infor- mation, however, was elicited in favour of the defence. "Can you describe the hat ac,...bed !core on the occasion?" inquired Sir Edward. "It was a large one, and the same colour as her dress. I think that" in describing it LB a Rembrandt hat, I am speaking correctly." "Did it shade her face?" "Yes." "Did not the fact that her face was shaded make 3 difficult for you to recognise her ? " "No." "Can you tell me approximately how many times you have seen accused in the costume described? " "About five times, I should imagine." "Now, as to the cheque itself. Is this the cheque accused asked you to cash ? " Here the forged cheque was handed to witness. "Yes," he answered, without any hesitation. "You can swear that positively ? " "Yes." "How do you recognise it ? " "By the blot in the left-hand corner; also the date of the signature." ' "What led you to scrutinize it so keenly ? " "Because I intended cashing it if there was suffi- cient money in the cash-box.' "Was there not ? " "No." Later on, during the cross-examination, Sir , Edward Masters put many questions relative to , any intimacy that might have existed between witness and Richard Musgrove. "I never saw Richard Musgrove, to my know- ledge, until I met him at Bow Street Police Court in connection with this case," witness replied in- dignantly. 'When you shewed the anonymous letter to Messrs. Hanks and Co., did you suspect how the information which it contained wOuld,l4 "I believed it would be used ,to ~exonerate the ...cased from an unjust accusation." ' On the conclusion of this witness's evidence the court rose. Eagerly had ,the accused noted down his straightforward answers; and during his cross- examination the 'tension of her mind had been painfully great. The slightest' discrepancy in his replies had caused a passing feeling of i:lope to arise in her breast. But that hope was cruelly crushed before his cross-examination was concluded. She felt it was useless trying to disguise the fact the, the chances of her acquittal were growing rapicTryi less. As she was leaving the dock, Dennis Vane came ' up to her and at once explained that his examina- tion had been deferred owing to his wife's sudden illness, and departure from town.

he

-"

"I was hoping," x. added, "that the case would have fallen through to-dter,. and that all necessity for my giving evidence wotad have been negatived." ve!,,jr se murmured, with a glad of "I—was afraid you were staying aw use you believed in my guilt." " elieved in your guilt!" he repeated aghast. "How could you imagine that such a thing were possible ! " Just then Mr. Treherne joined them, and a moment later all three left the 'court together.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
By MRS. BAGOT HARM

Author of "Love's Revenge," "Bianca," "The Silver Lining," &c., &c.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CIIAPTER XXXII.

It was the first day of Gvvendoline Treherne's trial. The Central Criminal Court was crowded with elegantly-attired wonen. All knew that it would be a fashionable trial, one which would monopolise the attention of society and provide discussable matter for dinner-parties. In fact, so keen was the interest displayed therein that the Court presented quite a pleasing study in pretty summer costumes, fans and scent-bottles figuring as conspicuously as at a fashionable church. "I told you, Violet, how crowded the court would be," observed old Colonel Frossart, turning to his daughter. "We ought not to have come. Ido not approve of this court being turned into a fashionable rendezvous, when a trial which reflects so much discredit in certain quarters, is to be heard."

"But, father, I wanted so much to see Miss Treherne in the dock. I promised to tell the Lathorns how she looked and behaved. The last time I saw her was at the Royal Academy private view, when everyone was making such a ridiculous fuss over her." "Though I have little or no pity for the girl, your curiosity to see her in her present position appears to me positively heartless. Don't you comprehend how painful it must be for her to know she is the centre of attraction, in such a place as this? With her artistic, sensitive temperament it must be nothing short of torture. Honestly speaking, I do not like it being known that we are here. It's setting a bad example to others." "But Lady Dyke-Thomas and the De Vera- Granges and the Stiltons are all here." "That doesn't make our conduct less contemp- tible. I wish I had vetoed your coming. Ala! here she comes—poor girl!" The ravages which protracted anxiety had made in Gwendoline Treherne's clever, beautiful face could not fail to elicit pity even in the most callous-hearted. As she took her place in the dock a general feeling of commiseration was dis- cernable among the public. She glanced round nervously, intuitively realising that the crowded condition of the court, and the presence of many fashionable people, was directly due to the fact that her trial was about to take place. "They have all come to look at me! " she mentally exclaimed with a shudder. Meanwhile the Judge had taken his place on the Bench and the indictment was being read out by the clerk. Counsel on both sides were still poring over documents and holding hurried com- munications with their solicitors. Gwendoline tried to concentrate her whole attention on the indictment; but with curious irrelevance she found her eyes taking note of matters in no way connected with her trial. One moment an old lady, levelling a pair of opera-glasses at her, distracted her attention ; the next she discovered herself adversely criticising the mixture of gaudy colours in a hat near her. The movement of the many fans, the heated atmosphere of the court, and the know- ledge that she was regarded as a public spectacle, jarred upon her overstrung nerves, and accentuated the difficulty of keeping her thoughts in the groove she desired.

At last the introductory technicalities were over, and the first witness, Richard Musgrove, took his place in the witness-box. Again it flashed across Gwendoline's mind that his appearance was familiar to her. She proceeded to mentally criticise his features, manners, &c., wondering where and when she had seen him. When under examination his demeanour was even more convincing than it had been at the hearing before the magistrates. •He emphatically corroborated all that he had then stated, and added weight thereto by giving additional details. "Were you surprised at the accused asking a total stranger like yourself to cash a cheque ? " said Sir Edward Masters in his cross-examination. "Yes ; I was." "Why did you not decline to cash it ? " "I did, at first." "What induced you to it ultimately ? " "Because accused stated that her uncle, Sir Stewart Bathurst, had taken a house in the locality, and that he might become a customer of mine., " Gwendoline started and ilushed to the temples at the mention of her uncle's name; and Sir Edward Masters turned to Eric Hume and asked a ques- tion, evidently with reference to the witness's last statement. The answer corroborated the fact that Sir Stewart Bathurst had taken a house as described. Counsel therefore at once dismissed the subject. "Describe the dress worn by accused on this occasion," he asked. "It was a blue dress." "What shade of blue ? "

"I have heard it de-scribed as—" "I don't want to hear how you have heard it described by others. Give me your own descrip- tion of it."

Musgrove thought for a moment, then answered: "It was the kind of blue you see on plums." "I never saw a blue plum," interrupted the Judge. "It was a plum-blue, my lord," added the witness good-humouredly. "Was the dress trimmed ? " asked Sir Edward. "Yes, with curious-looking gold braid, very narrow, and laid on in a strange, twisting kind of pattern." "How long did accused remain in the shop ? " "About ten minutes."

"At what hour of the day did she call?" "Thu clock was striking three as she left." Here counsel took up the small pocket-book in. which various entries occurred in reference to the cashing of cheques. "I see you have mentioned Wednesday as the day of the week on which you cashed the cheque. Are you quite certain it was on a Wednesday? " "Quite," replied witness, with emphasis. "What was the day of the month? "The 15th of July." "Would you be surprised to hear that the 15th of July fell on a Tuesday last year?" "I should," replied witness, colouring. "It did, nevertheless." "I suppose I must have been mistaken witness proceeded to explain. "No explanation, sir!" thundered counsel. "Everyone is liable to make mistakes!" hotly retorted Musgrove. "Do not presume to argue with counsel! " observed the Judge severely. "You must restrict yourself to answering questions." Musgrove looked from the Judge to Sir Edward with considerable trepidation, and moved his hands nervously. Sir Edvrard eyed him with an expression that revealed he was conscious of having "scored one " for his side; then he took up the pocket-book and carefully examined it. "How long have you had this note-book in your possession?" he asked. _

"About two yea;;,-; far as I can remember." "The first entry is; ' Paid Tollington seven shillings and threepence. Half-share.' What does this refer to? " "Tollington is a friend of mine. We had been no the river together. The expenses came to seven shillings and threepence each." "When did this excursion take place?" "The summer before last." "When you bought this pocket-book, had you the intention of entering particulars in it of the cheques that you cashed ? " "No. But a friend of mine, who got into trouble by cashing a forged cheque, advised my. noting down particulars of cheques that I suspected might not be honoured, or that I cashed for strangers." "Is it your practice to cash cheques which yot think may not be honoured ? " 'No." "No! You said jut now that you noted down particulars of cheques which you suspected might not be honoured. Explain this statement." Witness shuffled about nervously for a few moments. Then he observed lamely: "I sometimes cashed cheques that I did not feel over-certain about." "But you cashed them all the same?" "Yes; if I thought it would lead to business." "Do you frequently risk sumtiL,, for•instance,. forty pounds in the , hopes ,nluigini your con-._ nection."

"No." "Why did you feel justified in doing so in thii instance? "

"I thought Miss Treherne looked so respectable." "Were nio,,t of the chccfues referred to in this

===== 0002601_18980422_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER %XXIII.

The ,first witness called on t...kin fogowingt ;Jay wasi Dennis Vane. Between his demeanour in the? witness-box, and. that of Richard .Musgrove and Tunas Brown, there was a strikii,g difference.' Een a c, surd observer could ' rot have failed tol notice that her Wei' -nett disintetested witness, but, who felt keenly the responsibility of thei ..2ence he was called upon to give.. , Counsel for the prosecution at once handed him the cheqUe' and asked him if the signatnie as his.l . manner of . denying it was,- unwilling. .Hei then explained with , studied, precision his fdiineri careless habits With regard to his cheque-books and, money matters generally; 'speaking his ownt conduct in a-manner that bordei"ed.bn self-accusa- • Lion. _

"Where were you living at the time this cheque must have,been ,extracted from the . booli-"?." asked counsel. travelling about, both in England and on the Continent,."

"Had, you no settled borne ? " "1,1o.'? • "How long have you knOwn the accused ? " "About two years." . • .

"You observe that the date of the i.cheque written in- ti llifferent handwriting to that of the signature? '

'" Yes. "

"Do you recognise that handwriting ? 7, "No." "You are quite positive you do not ? " "Yes." "Is your signature accurately forged ?" "Yes."

Then counsel asked several questioni relative to the• witness's manner of drawing and signing ^heques, which pointed conclusively to the fact hat the signature was forged. Every question was answered as favourably for the defence as was compatible with truth. As Sir Edward Masters rose to cross-examine Dennis, he glanced at the accused. She was lean- ing forward in the dock in an attitude of deep. attention, but her face was averted from the witness, as if she dared not trust' herself to leak at him. _ _

"They're old lovers," mentally ejadulated Sir Edward; "so it's certain that he'll do our side no good. I would rather cross-examine a witness who hated my client like poison, than a lover." Acting upon this theory, he brought his cross- examination to a quick conclusion. The next witness was Henry Tilput, a server at a glove shop in Regent Street. 'MI stated that the , acctiliedlad asked him to cash the forged' 6cheque on the 15th of July. _ "How often have you seen the accused? " asked counsel fort the prosecution. -"I, cannot say exactly, but she has constantly bought gloves from us for the last two years." Witness was then examined as to uccused's attire on the day in question, and his evidence exactly I tallied with that of Thomas Brown.

_ "How long was accused in the shop ? " queried Mr. Vernon.

"Only a moment. She came in a hansom and kept it waiting while she was in the shop." "Why did you not cash the cheque?P "Because my principal was out and I had not sufficient cash by me." "If you had had sufficient cash would you have done so?" _ _

- "Yes, certainly," answered the witness frankly. Indeed,.hie manner was of an aggravatingly frank type, inflicting on counsel a momentary fear that he would tender evidence that would damage the case. "Do you Idiow Mr. Vane's signature?" continued the latter. "Yes; he has dealt with the firm for many years." Mr. Vernon, Q. C., sat down. Sir Edward Masters then rose and opened his. crose-examination. Those conversant with his manner predicted a nuzuvais quart d'heure for the witness.

"Can you state positively that it was the accused who proffered you the cheque?" "Yes," was the unflinching reply. "On what grounds do you base your belief in her identity? " "Because she wore the same dress." "Because she wore the same dress I repeated , counsel, slowly and with surprise. "Do you mean to tall me, then, that you identified the dress—not the accused? "

"Well, no, air; I—l—identified both." Ifere the. witness began to hesitate nervously. "I knew it was the accused by her height and size, and—and the colour of her dress—her general appearance, lb fact." _

"Did you recognise her features?" - "You see, sir, I couldn't very well stand staring into the lady's face," he said with a laugh. "Answer my question!" thundered counsel. "Do not presume to make such a remark to me again!" Witness turned red, then white; and if ever a desire to sink through the earth was written on a man's face, it was on his at this moment. "Did the accused's manner appear to you the same as usual? " queried Sir Edward, in a fear- inspiring voice. "She seemed more flurried than I had ever seen her before. I asked her if I should get a pair of gloves made like her dress. She had spoken to me on the subject before." "What did she answer ? "

"She said No,' as the family was just leaving England for a few weeks." A hurried colloquy ensued. Hume leaned forward and made some remark to Sir Edward, who replied by asking some questions regarding witness s last statement. That it was unsatis- factorily answered was proved by counsel resum- ing his seat. As the witness was leaving the box he was recalled by Mr. Vernon, Q. C. "Do you remember if accused stated where she was going on leaving England? "he asked. "Yes; to Switzerland." The evidence of the following witness, a clerk in 'he employment of Messrs. Hanks and Co., bankers, was of a technical nature. He spoke as to the time when the book containing the cheque was supplied to Mr. Vane, and with regard to other matters that concerned the bank. This closed the evidence for the prosecution, and the defence having no witnesses to call, counsel for the prosecution began his summing up. He commenced by stating that his clients had been aware for several months who had uttered the forged cheque, but that they had felt the strongest disinclination to prosecute the accused, believing that she had uttered it not knowing that it was forged. Her excellent position, both in the artistic and social world, seemed to preclude the possi- bility of her having committed the crime of which she now stood accused. He need scarcely say that in bringing this trial his clients had acted entirely from a sense of duty, especially painful under the circumstances, and it would have been a source of satisfaction had the accused been able to bring forward refuting evidence. However, what was law for the poor was law for the rich; and the fact that accused occupied a position in which temptation to dishonesty could not exist, was no reason that, in face of strong evidence to the contrary, she should be regarded as beyond the possibility of erring. He did not wish to say one word that might cause her, or her relatives, additional pain. The position in which she was 'Sow placed must be so acutely humiliating, to a .rcon of her position, that he would avoid as ....101l as possible adding thereto. It was a mystery-enveloped case. flow ver, the jury must bear in mind that they we not called upon to deal with ,the unravelling of mysteries, but with the plain facts as placed before ttera. It had been a hard matter for Gwendoline to listen in silence to the evidence of the five wit- nesses, hut it was many degrees haidik to remain silent, When counsel eloquently explained his deduc- tions therefrom. Carefully did he hread his way through the 'facts of the ease. VimitlY he enlarged upon the evidence of the witness, .4ichard Moe- grove. It was impossible, he said,- 'Co 'doubt that: the accused waif in possessiore of information regarding this witness's position. It must be remembered that' previous to asking him to cash the cheque she had applied ,uns,necesgfillly,, in two quarters. It Could therefore lie'safely presUmed that she,xlecided, or 'Was 'urgeci, ‘l4y a third person— fort to bleer lled no con- federates—to take a higher hand in the matter,, and to represent that the cashing of this cheque would indirectly benefit the person who did so. The witness, Richard Musgrove, fell an easy prey to n inducement, which promised to improve his

faiuon bile was evideiY ,Li assure, trom sum wines: the. lacked customers; and that a promise to mention his name to her uncle, Sir Stewart Bathurst, would prove especially alluring. la short, ,taking the witne.ss's cliarucLer into amounts, the very elements were present that would render him easily imposed upon by a clever and discerning women: The witness had given his evidence in a straightforward manner, which carried with it weight and conviction. In spite of not being what is generally termed a good business man, he was capable of exercising a considerable amount of judgment; and this had led him to accept a friend's advice and write down the numbers and ' Particulars of those cheques which haf Mishedifor people; of whom he had only a limited knowlage. It might naturally be said that only in imprudent man would cash cheques under such circumstances; but circumstances sometimes pointed to the wisdom of 'running commercial,risks. His learned brother had attempted to.threw doubt on the value Of this part of the evidence, and had called attention to the fact that there were entries rtagarding a cheque drawn by one of her Majesty's Ministers and cashed by the witness. However, the witness had fully explained the: matter by stating that his doubts, whether the cheque .would be honoured, were grounded on a rumour that the right honour- able gentleman had 'met with a fatal accident:. - Next, counsel referred to the weight of evidede that must naturally attach to the description of the dress which accused had, worn on this 15th of July. The jury had beard the colour of the fabrics fully described by the various witnesses. Tt was a 'remarkable fact, that there was no discrepancy in their descriptions. The dress Was neither striking= ' leoking nor . gaudy, but one which would' attract notice for its tasteful harmony- of colouring..; The trimming, however, was its most • remarkable feature. This was acknowledged to• be ''tiiriqbe, having been made expressly. . for accused bentder of a relative, during his •temporary sojnarn, in Algeria, and was introduced after a design Of—Ur own. Unfortunately, the dress itself could not be put in as evidence, as it no longer exisied, in its original form. Had it not been for the 'Striking features in Connection with it, the accused might never have been brought to justice. It was impoiet sible to believe, for a moment, that another dress existed exactly similar to the one in pieetios Thomas Brown's evidence on the subject was especially important, as he was able to describe the trimming minutely by reason of his having resided in Algeria, and being also conversant with colours and artistic designs. Then counsel dwelt upon the - importance' of accused's statement to Richard Musgrove, with reference to Sir Stewart Bathurst having taken a furnished house in the locality. This, he con- tended, pointed incontestibly to accused's identity. The 'witness knew nothing of her family, and no other, means existed, by which be could have Nina that Sir Stewart Bathurst had taken this house, especially as it had not been inhabited by him, owing to illness. The knowledge, therefore; that he had ever intended living there must necessarilf have been limited to a few. To another" witness, Henry Trent, accused had also made a remark 'which pointed to her identity. This 'remark had reference to her approaching visit to Switzerland. After drawing" the attention of the Jury to , further facts, to be' gather,.(l from the evidence, Mr. Vernon, Q. C., ceased abruptly to speak. Then in a low voice, full of emotion, he added: "Heaven -forbid•that I should say one unnecessary word to influence you against the accused. I have -tried,- so far •as lies in my power, to place the evidence for the prosecution explicitly and fell* before you. My duty has been a painful one, and it has been with sincere regret that I have been compelled to deduce facts that point to the guilt of one so highly gifted as the accused; who has not only gained the love and respect of those with whom she has been most intimately connected, but stands high in the estimation of her fellow. countrymen and women." Throughout Mr. Vernon's able speech Gwendo• line had not once lifted her eyes from the ground. The deadly pallor of her face reflected her mental suffering, and as counsel uttered these last remarks her lips quivered, and she retained her self command with difficulty. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18980422_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1

I; 1

===== 0002601_18980422_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THAT GRANT) OLD MIN:

AN INTERVIEW. --- (From the "Peterborough Express.) I" Peterborough Express" report mentions that Mr. E. Jobb, one of the'oldrit and most respected residentit of the Cathedral city, who has been for many years a trusted employe of the Great Northern Railway come pany, has been the subject of a remarkable interview; Mr. Jebb, who has resided for thirty-six years at 411 St. Leonard's-street, Peterborough, had, a quarter of century ago the misfortune to fracture his right ankle and has suffered from lameness since. In 1885 the ifl. convenience under which he then laboured as the result of his accident, was increased when he was attacked bjf sciatica in his left leg. In connection with this, whice embodies the account of a miraculous recovery from the attack of sciatica, a startling story was related by TIM GRAND OLD MAN to a representative of the paper named. According to Mr. Jebb's statements, it is twelve year/ since he was the subject of the first attack of sciatica io the leg, and he was then 56 years of age. He contrived to get about, but for the last th ree or four years, to 00 his own expression. "Ins sufferings were something awe ful." To make matters worse the pain extended to his back, completely diaabling him from working except now and then at odd jobs at home. "Many a time," said Mr. Jebb, "the pain has been so great I have had to tatco hold el' anything that came my way to support myself, just as if I were a child learning to walk. My back became doubled, and the pain has struck me when I have been in the house awl also in the street. Then I could not move a foot. Some- one has had to lift my leg for me before I could proceed. Often I have had to stand and eat my food, as I could. not sit down, and when I have manahed to get Into chair, I have had to sit in a position far from condor* table, owing to the pain in my back. I cannot tell anr one the number of supposed remedies I have tried,all its vain, and I have tried doctors with no better result, At last they broke the news to nae that I had a deceased hip, and should never be able to do anything mere. up to within a fortnight or three weeks ago, the pain weal very much worse. I cannot describe it to you, except that it was an aching and gnawing one, just as time someone was pulling the flesh off my bon' a. Interrogated at this point with regard to the cause oe the remarkable cure which has been effected, Mr. Jobb resumed : "I will tell you. I have read over and over again in the newspapers of the cures by Dr. William? Pink Pills for Pale People. I thought I would try on, more remedy, and hoping I should be luckily enough to be numbered amongst those who had received the blessing and benefit of their proper ties, I sent for a be% from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company,and followed the Instructions laid down. It may almost appear to you to be past reason when I say that in a few hours after taking the first dose I noticed a glow spreading over zuf leg, just as if I had rubbed it with a tstwel,and I alreadf felt easier. This was the new blood circulating. I HAD NOT DARED HOPE for an improvement as quiokly, and I continued takint the pills. The third day, as I was sitting in my chair irt a position which gave ease to my back, I suddenly feit I was able to strengthen myself up. I don't wish to make more of the matter than is the truth, but I must confess I was startled. You have seen me about sheet% doubled up. Look at me now. lam more upright Mao many a younger man than myself. This is how I ha!' been since that day, and I am thankful to say the paio has left both my leg and my back, and I am able to take a walk with ease. The pills, I sin satisfied, withal doubt have worked the cure in my case, and I can nose be numbered amongst the many who have received benefit from them. I have only taken two boxes. / feel stronger and better in other ways, audit Is a • 'relief to be free from pain. , Mr. Jebb's account of these circumstances weight, coming from a person of his experience, respectable position. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have patrons among educated people and the clergy the. other medicine, because the proprietors are always ing te state with equal candour whether they have c a given ailment or not. Anyone may write to the pany freely and at length. These pills have t paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, sciatica, the after-effects of influenza;also all diseases arising _

gre&ti

bee.

anCi

moll

, err will-

aye . than

cured.

bons.'

curel

ricketh

tuscui.sr

the impeverishment of the blood, scrofula, chronic erviiipelas,c:+, gumption of the bowels and anemia, pale and sallow complexion, general rim weakness, loss of appetite, palpitations, pains i back, nervous headache and neuralgia, early decir forms of female weakness, and hysteria. These pill a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only the foil name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Pt and are sold by chemists and Dr. Williams' Me, Company, 4, Holborn Viaduct, Lendon,E.C., at ' a box, or six boxes for 13. 9d, Pink pills sold / from glass jars are not Dr. Williams.

f, all Sr° iv id)

pills

M ede °I cPi.loei

o'

„ DELICIOUS MAZ/MATTER TEA WILD:NOTTS MAZAWATTETI TEA. nBrAOIOcIS MAZAWATTRE TEA DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE TEA. . DELICIOUS MAZAWATTKE TEft Sold ty H_ mixt MILLuTo and Co • LrNirrED. , • s.Horsenior4et-9treet, and t'thiporation Buildings, I Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for W-

arrinitg.

Mum—New white inorganic Cemen for Pottery'. sin, 6d. 10, and lellooetage „ Or Chemiete.—Advt

===== 0002601_18980422_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

MY DEAR NELLIE, Hats for spring wear are decidedly smaller than they were last spring, and the circular shape with dented front is exceedingly fashionable. Complete Wreaths of flowers and foliage will be worn, with b3wB and fans of lace, chiffon, or kilted glace silk, and many of the fronts have a very wide, volumin- -008 bow of glace silk, with flowers heaped up at the back, and spreading over the crown. Toques are still popular, and these and straw hats in vivid Shades are veiled with spotted or sequined tulle.

Panama sailor hats will be much worn, with folds of rose-pink silk and filmy yellowish 'see, draped round the crown, and caught down here and there with pearl pins, while at the left side there 58a bow of black velvet and some black wigs all a- glitter with jet paillette.s. Nothing could be pret- tier, and any colour can of course be introduced in ' the silk—turquoise-blue, pea-green, orange, white, atd so on. Many of the new hats are turned up excessively at the back, and the flowers held up with empire cot.ribs, principally of jet. These fasten into the Coil of hair, and the front simply requires one hat. Pin to keep it firm. The high comb forms the extreme back of the hat, and has the effect of being a part of the coiffure.

Tucks figure largely on silk shirts, and run their course from neck to waist, while there are little double frills of the mauve over white passing down the front, and finishing the cuffs, and a band of White silk at the neck with a smart cravat bow of kilted silk. A black silk dress, trimmed with tiny ruchinge of mixed black and ecru Valenciennes lace, about one inch in depth, is absolutely original. The two faces are simply gathered together as fall as pos- sible, sewn on the dress, and pulled in and out to give a regular effect. On the skirt these niches ran round at intervals of three inches, as high as the knee, and she skirt being cut with a good deal of " spring " at the edge, gives the effect of a eircular flounce, covered with narrow ruchings.

„Tailor-made cloth costumes are more elaborate season than they have ever been before. here is a good deal of beautiful workmanship now Pat into stylish walking costumes. A beautiful dress is made of fawn coloured faced cloth, braided With black tubular braid on the skirt and coat, and the loose waietooat-fronts, revers, cuffs, and collar are of white moil& exquisitely embroidered In Oriental colourings, and studded with small jewels. The inner vest Should be of creamy chiffon, and a jew elied and embroidered band appears at the waist, which is iastened with a paste buckle. The coat fits in clo•ely to the figure at the aides, and the whole costume is lined througb With cream silk. In black capes, peau de soie and the pure silk 'moire Francuan and moire Itfinaissance are most rptdar, but moire velours is riot used for the shionable cape, and its popularity in black has always been a tnystery to me, even for dresses, am it so closely follows the make of the moreen Petticoating, end conkains far inure wool than Willi- In evening eliadem it has a very nice effect, but in black looks poor and tawdry. All petticoats will be soft and limp, and fitted closely on the hips, the fulness being added half. Way down tit., back. Exquisite evening ones of 414 tin rrierveiLeux are in pale colours, liberally 'rimmed with !ace, and niany ruches of lace and Silk are added to keep the skirt down. Thin tiled silk is aleo used, with a lining of nun's veil. g, the flounces and other trimmings being un- lined. Underskirts of cream or pale pink veiling lire closely shaped to wear under the corset, and With the edge finished with frills of soft lace and /several rows of small tucks. Applique lace designs, sparingly bejewelled, LPPear on smart gown i ior park and fête wear, ,s;tit those intended tor evening wear are elaborately ti‘tied, and are in numerous forms. Stripes of 48'4; with appliqué motifs of lace, are used to con- the pleated folds of the bodice, or to divide L'a millings of a sleeve, and wider bands, raLdnated as to whit 11, and appliqued in the same a4„,atli,,atl- These designs are made both in black ir Light-coloured laces, and are exceedingly effeo- be When laid on silk or ribbon. tle."'led4re stripes are in favour, and some of the at woollens in serge and cloth have circular piti2all in tiny vandykes, which in black on Parma fawn, or blue are most effective. The new bloVeilings and vigognes with plaid effects, for ptnitiBa, are most useful, and exoeedingly Inez- hpl'vs? and make up very smartly. Alpacaa are ' silky this season and will suit the new men- "t Bounces admirably, sufficiently firm to I)r„Welir Without the limp, trailing effect being too "rlounced. Your loving

being

%Tun

UTTLE

deattettee.tsi the

Coe Liver, Bile, n, sae

f41,;17,a,13,

PrOMPti— L"alik SO ese t 001444 "telinaitS, 1111.•

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else Bound and pearly white teseatros...._ lips and fragrant Aik sar Sts. bd.

1 -- / eir,/, ‹....5.....Dr. erT•ii; ,•-•‘.4.,t-x ---4,- ", • -

. . - IF 4, 4. r\ • 4,/ ' - "N ! tso/i',',*l44 . , tl' " v . . ,9 . 4. 0 SE' IVO 41' ://, ... ...„,„„,. ~.. „...„ • „„, , , , , ~.,

. . .. ' 1 tP-43 vgivt- .;.,4:.o . t . . 4 .'";.;.4. MH. r fli Inlll' ,iii _.,,/if ~,,, ts,ir-' NA, , /4 \

: -Cialo) LIVER PILLS. filift . ..ii. Eree.4 PIL BEAUTIFUL TEETH sr* Selo+ ter all who ass deft on the tooth k50.111,.± 1.4.41111 m brush • tow drops ot ‘ll- Fo irartyege- thial in a SOZODONT, + 1 ' v. e plessafeet n denelark• ttiVe. emit.

ii;4" %kr!

===== 0002601_18980422_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Princess Charles ol ammark, who is now with her mother, the Princess of Wales, and her favouiN, sister, Princess Victoria. at Sandringham, is one of the few members of the Royal family who are quite familiar with Russian. She is devoted to reading, and is particularly loud of the works of the late Lord Lytton. But with all her love for intellectual purouite,Princess Charles pos- sesses a truly feminine lave for dress. She is very par- ticular about her clothes, and at any assembly is always one of the smartest turned out women to be seen. The West End of London is all bustle and preparation ler the season,now so close at hand. Shutters and blinds have disappeared,many of the balconies are one mass of sweet spring fi mere and painters are everywhere. One cannot but regret though, in the matter of outdoor dec- oration, that more uniformity in the stucco streets and passsages is not insisted upon. These as usual, are breaking out into a variegated mass of cnloring,as many hued as the most rainbow-like of Easter eggs. It ought not to be too much to expect that such colours as brilli- ant red and bright pink should not be placed side by side, or blue, and green, and yet these outrages may be seen each year, until the charitable smoke and dirt of winter merges them all with a neutral tint. Spring cleaning is the order of the day, but happily , the yearly "turn out" is no longer the formidable busi- ness it used to be in ancient times. The majority of women no longer consider it necessary to have every carpet up, every room papered, and whitewashed, and perchance painted at the same time which is indeed ate item to be thankful for. Despite our improved methods in this direetinn however, a few hints regarding details may not be superfluous. For instance,some of my readers may not be aware that nothing cleans silk so well as flannel. The careful housewife should always have silk covered furniture dusted with flannel, and all silk cur- tains, after being shaken, should be rubbel with flannel dusters. When walls are not cleaned down with bread or dough, they should be swept, and then rubbed with dusters, as the amount of dirt which escapes the broom Is consiberable. Paint should be washed from the floor upwards. If commenced from the top, some of the soapy water is sure to run down, and it is, frequently, almost impossible to remove these marks. There is an old fashioned idea, and I wish it were more generally remembered, " to make a house whole- some the attics should be kept " glean, and the cellars dry." In many houses which are otherwise well-regu- lated, and very tidy, lubbish of all sorts from old boots and shoes and bottles, to furniture, is stored in the attic in preparation for a turnine out day,and a bonfire, which alas ! all toe seldom comes off ! It is impossible to cal- culate how much dirt and unwholesomeness drifts down into the house from this neglected spot, and the conse- quence is that it is difficult to keep the rest of the house free from dust There is nothing more absurd really, than this hording of trash, and all that is needed to dis- perse it is a long mornings' work of sorting, and then the attic should be whitewashed and thoroughly cleansed I should remind my readers that a Single woollen scarf, or pair of stockings left lying about for a long while in an attic may alone bring enough moths to proves plague to the whole house, In all its bravery of colored tiles and marbles, shining brass, or bunt ironwork, the modern fireplace is truly a "thing of beauty " etc., and needs no decoration, Bet the modern fireplace does not fall to the lot of every pwoosmasnee'd of the L fa b: ogldu-estslli ion just now among those se oned specimens with their black surroundings, is, how beat to brighten or conceal arrangements. The latter mode of procedure women are taking away the tilise peusghlyeps the hest. Mu; fender or curb, putting the rug close up to the front and placing a small screen, painted or otherwise; in front of the actual grate. As a shade for the empty grate frames of Japanese parasols are again being utilised, covered with silk embroidery. I have seen several quite hand- some squares of work used in this way, and the owners thereof professed themselves as delighted to have found a use far a very useless article. Certainly gold and silk embroideries are difficult to arrange, not being, at present, fashionable as sofa cushions. Painted materiale, for evening wear, are being shown this season, but needlework is really far more satisfac- tory, especially the pretty ribbon embroidery which Marie Antoinette so greatly favoured. Bunches of flowers worked in these narrow ribbon, are united be true lovere' knots in gold thread, the pattern elaborated and cbarmingly jewelled with floral paillettee, sweet pees and guelder roses finding most favour. One of the very latest inventions is a veil fastener—a species of metal clasp, which is rather ornamental. Through this the ends of the net are drawn, the advan- tage being, a neat finish to the back of a hat, toque or bonnet. Few women are blessed with the knack of ar- ranging their veils artistically. Untidy individuals leave ends hanging out at the back of more or less damaged net; very neat women generally drag their veils too tightly across the forehead, thus allowing no graceful freedom to the hair, and destroying the look of eciftness which should distinguish it ; while the majority manage semehow to pinion their nose, the result being, Incess- ant fidgetting. • pretty gift that can be worked is one of the new veil cases,the satin embroidered cover bearing the words " Within this dainty case, Are filmy veils for thy sweet face." They are simply strips of cardboard long eneugh to take the veil, united by ribbons. Sachets for all purposes—gloves, handkerchiefs, and ties—mast all be scented, and are made twice as large as they used to be. Moreover, the more intricate the monogram, the better they NI in with the views of to-day. Before wo were permitted to despatch four ounces of letter for a penny,to decide upon the weight of an en- velope was a matter frequently involving the judgment of the whole houeehold. Mat is,of course,in the absence ef a letter balance, and it is perfectly marvellous bow few people there are who dream of possessing letter scales. One method of computing it was,to employ the kitchen scales, which unhappily are often superior to mere aecuracyor they decline to put in motion by any- thing less than half a pound. But as nothing ever does weigh more than four ounces, all anxiety is past and complexities of life in this direction almost over. Croquet promises to be very popular this rummer. • good deal was done last year,and a fair number of tour- naments held, but now the game seems really likely to enjoy a new lease of life. In some parts of the country , it is being played in most scientific style,on a small lawn It ot much bigger thee a billiard table.where no flippancy is allowed, and where the incompetent and the strong armed are at a dissount. Tennis, too, is not likely ti suffer much neglect. But girls should bear in mind the fact that jumpine at high ball., wide stretches, and violent runs are unsightly. A set of four, two men and two girls, is the ideal team. The girls are not then called upon to over-exert them- selves, and get dishevelled and over-heated, or perferm feats, which, if clever, are also ugly. To make old polished furniture look like new it must be trot clammed with vinegar, freely diluted with water. Then when all dirt has been removed apply the follow- ing polish with a rag and rub briskly. One gill et oil, one gill of vinegar, belt a gill of methylated spirit. This extremely simple operation performed once a week, will gradually produce a polish that is unrivalled. Boiling water may even be poured ever it w'th Impunity. It is not readily scratched and the wood having the pores filled with the application, becomes very bard, and is able to resist the attack of insects. Rhubarb Charlotte.—Butter a baking dish, and cover the bottom an inch deep with breaderumbs, then with a layer of rhubarb that has been cut Into thin small pieces Scatter this with sugar, and cover with a mond layer of crumbs. Arrange little knobs of butter over each layer of crumbs. Continue to fill the dish thus to the top, the top being crumbs. Bake in a slow even for an hour.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
" MADGE."

CALIFORNIA SYRUP OF FIGS.

"U you wish to go shopping and never regret it, When you ask for an article see that you get it." - - - -

This preparation has found favour with the public and the medical profession because it is pleasant to take as well as remarkably beneflcial—a combination rather rare in medicinal preparations. When it is further ad- ded that its action is perfectly painleu—it acts,in fact, Just as healthy Nature should act—there can be no doubt I that its encomia is due entirely to its exceptional merits as a household laxative remedy. Habitual constipation, I the cause of most ordinary complaints, such as head- aches, indicestion, biliousness depression, feverishness, &c., is speedily overcome by the use of Cfdifornia Syrup of Figs,which cleanses the system thoroughly without the slighteos inconvenience and promotes that regularity of habit without which good health is out of the question. Best of all its acknowledged merits, it does permaatat good, strengthening the organs, instead of having the weakening and lowering effect of ordinary pills and pur- gatives, and keeping the liver, kidneys and bowels in a condition of healthful activity. California Syrup of Figs; ask for it in full ; simply asking for "Byron of Figs " won't do. Look for the name and trade mark of the California Fig Syrup Company,which is on every bottle of the genuine. Pet up in two 'Mesas. lid. and 25.94. Of all chemists and storekeepers everywhere. " It is strange, It is true, and surprising at thst, Wow often when shopping a ante man', a flat."

The last apportionment of the funds which hays been I collected from the trade unions of the country for the benefit of the men involved in the recent engineers' dis• pute was made on Monday. Over £l,OOO was the amount apportioned, and it was sent to the various nions concerned in the proportion of about 7d. per man. Is 110011 as possible a full and detailed statement of the fande placed at the disposal of the Parliamentary Committee of the Trade Unions Congress is to be issued to the unions. The total amount dealt with by the Parliamentary Committee in over £20,000.

• /IPM%, CoOoalgn.-0000s-Nib 11xtraot.111/(Tea-like).—The choicest roasted nibs (broken UP beans) of the natural Ow I, on being subfeeted to powerful hydraulic Pretwe, give forth their excess of oil, leaving for use a 41- nely Savoured powder—.' • Clocoaine," a product which, when prepared with boiling water, has the consistence of tea, of which it is now, with many, beneficially taking the place. Its active princi- ple being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system. Sold only In labelled tine. If unable to obtain it of your trarlemai, a Us will be sent past tree for 9 stamps.—Jam es Bpps and CO., Ltd., Ifomcepathic.Obemisto, Loncton,—Adrte

===== 0002601_18980422_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, APRIL 22, 1'398.

LOCAL CASES AT TRH LIVERPOOL COUNTY' QUARTER SESSIONS. •

At these sessions on Tuesday, Thomas Blair (48) chimney sweeper,was sentenced to six months' im- prisonment and James Doyle (21), tinker, one month tor having stolen a bag containing a foot- baller'a outfit at Warrington,on the sth March, the property of Naylor,one of the Vf arringtm first team forwards.—Thomas Patrick Carroll (201, galvanizer, was sentenced to two months, for breaking and en- tering the shop and house of Joseph Rudd, at War- rington,on the 9th March,and stealing a quantity of salmon, condensed milk, and sweets. ST. PAUL'S SUNDAY CHOOL.—dISTRIBUTIOIsI OF PRIZES.

Mrs. Buckton, wif-e-of-4741;-i Buckton,distributed prizes on Sunday afternoon to the scholars attend- ing St. Paul's Sunday School, Kendrick-street. In responding to a hearty vote of thanks, accorded to her on the motion of the Vicar, seconded by Mr. Joseph Lawless, Major Buckton said be had always been interested in Sunday school work,and had been a Sunday school teacher himself. Ile was also in- terested in toe day schools, and referred to the beautiful buildings in which they were then assembled.—The prizes consisted of handsome books.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
AN IMPORTANT DISULAIMER.

TO TIM EDITOR OF FRI "WARRINGTON EXLIIINZR."

ii;c:—tt has come to the knowledge of the Directors of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa (1898) Limited, that a report is in circulation that a Mr. Harness is in some way con- nected with or interested in the business of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocos (1898) Limite... Will you permit me to n ,a- tradict this report publicly in your columns? I ii wholly without foundation. I speak with authorit,. on the matter, for I am now secretary to the presen. VI- Cocoa Company ; I was secretary to the former Vi-C mos Company during the whole period of its existence; mid I was in the employ of the owners of the business before either company was formed. Hence I am in a position to state positively that no person of the name of Harness has ewer been in any way cooce-n^d or itv.er.ated in, or In any way connected with, that business or either Company. —I am, &C., G. Bkooxs SIK•LLIT. SOCretary to Dr. ritibles' icoa (1893) Ltd., 80, 01 & 62, Buobill Raw, Loadou, E.G., April 13th, 1898.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL OF THE LAVE MR. JOHN itYLA.NDS, OF TEIELWALL.

The executors of :he will, which hears date May 12th, 1823, with codicils of the 18th May, 1893, and the 18th February, 1897, of Mr. John Rylands, of The Grange, Thelwall, Cheshire, and of Llanrhos, Llandudno, chair- man of the Poirson and Knowles Coal and Iron Com- pany, who died on the 24.% February last,aged 83 years, are his nephew, John Paul Rylands, of 8, Harrington- street, Liverpool ; his son-in-law John James Meekly, of Altrincham ; Samuel Field, of 5, Fenwick.street, Liver- pool, solictor ; and Mark Field, of 5, Fenwick-strest, solicitor, power being reserved to ezint pro- bate also to the testator's son-in-law Lewis William Reynolds. Mr. Rylands bequeathed to his whew and to Samuel and Mark Fiel £lOO each ; to his coachman £4O, in trust for Bertram Rylands, of Staines, £l.OOO ; to Henrietta Anne de Beer a life annuity of £100; to Blanche Biena de Beer a life annuity of £lOO, and a I further £4O a year so long as, whilst unmarried, she should remain in charge of his daughters Mabel and Cicely, who are to have the use and enjoyment of The Grange and its furniture until the plans is sold. Mr. Rylands bequeathed upon trusts for his two daughters 335 shares io the Liverpool and Manchester District Bank, 130 shares in Parr's Bank,Limited,:alchief rent of £55 a year.and mortgage debentures to the amount of £17,850. He left his property in Brisbane to tail 801211, Edward Glazebrok Rvlands and Frank Rylands, and he bequaathed to each of them 250 shares in Rylands Brothers,Limited,so shares in the Mass Steamship Com- pany, and 60 A shares and 200 B shares in Pearson and Knowles, Lmited. He begssathed upon true-s for his daughter Edith Reynolds, 28 debentures of £250 each of Rylands Brothers, Limited, 30 debentures of William Reynolds and Co., Limited, of £lOO each, and 30 debentures of £lOO each of Francie Morton and Co., together with a sum of £lO,OOO due to him. Mr. Ry- lands bequeathed upon trust for his daughter Emma Bleckly 515 shares in Rylands Brothers, Limited, and 131 A shares and 210 B shares in Pearson and Knowles, Limited. Be left all the residue of his property in trust as to one-sixth each for his sons, Edward Glazobrook Ryland% and Frank Rylands, as to one-sixth each to ttis daughters Edith Reynolds and Emma Bleckly, and as one-sixth each for his daughters Mabel and Cicely, The late Mr. Rylands left personal estate of the value if £164,297.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE SAMPLES! I I

ASTHMA

FREE SIMPLES of "ZEMITONE" ASTHMA POWDER & CIGARETTES

Will be sent, prepaid, together with Medical Testimonials of Radical Cures by

0. kiLl\Tlrii.o a§ co., 90, Great Missal Street, W.C., London. SUPERIOR TO ALL OTHER PREPARATIONS.

LOCAL DIVORCE CASES.

ELOPEMENT WITH A WIDNES SKIPPER.

In the Divorce Dividlon on Tuesday, before Mr. Justice Barnes, a case was heard in which Mr. Albert Edward Parry, an upholsterer, living in Chaster, sued for a divorce from his wife on the ground of her adul- tery with a co-respondent named Ge3rge Gandy, captain on a boat belonging to Widnes. There was no defence. Evidence was given to show that the parties were mar- ried on February 301. h, 1896, at Ethyl, the resnonden"s maiden name being Emma Evans. Petitioner's employ- ment being at Chester, he was absent from home from Monday till Saturday each week. Oa the 9th October, when he returned home, he found that his wife was missing. He made enquiries and eventually discovered her at Runcorn. She declined to return to hins.and said she should remain with the man she loyed.and turned to Gandy. with whom she was walking.—Evidenoe was given to prove that respondent and Gandy bad been living at Widnes toeether.—A. decree nisi with costs against Gandy was granted. A WIGAN SUIT.

In the Divorce Division on Tuesday, a case was heard in which Mrs. Amelia Walmaley. of Haydock, sued for a divorce from her husband, James Walmslc y, a collier, of Wigan, on the ground of cruelay,desertion,and adultery. The case was undefended. The marriage took place in January, 1891, at flaydock. In 1892 respondent left his wife, after assaulting her and pouring paraffin over her clothes and burning them, and threatening to serve her in the same way. It was stated that he had since been living with another woman at Wigan.—& decree nisi was granted.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING CEREMONY AT THE OLD ACADEMY, WARRINGTON.

At noon, on Friday,there was an interesting cere- mony at the Old Academy, Bridge Foot, when a number of trees were planted by the Mayor and Mayoress and others. Our readers will perhaps be aware that for many years the Old Warrington Academy has been obscured by what has been known as Marsh's shop. The recent demolition of these premises has brought the Academy to the front once more, and there is every prospect of the building being maintained by the Corporation, The ceremony which took place on Friday was an earnest of this. A poplar tree was planted in front of the building by the Mayor and another by the 1 Mayoress. Ivy was planted by Councillor Bennett, Mr. H. S. Page, author of "The Most Interesting House in Warrington," Mr. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr. J.L. Whittle (town clerk), Mr. Long- din (borough surveyor), and Mrs. J. E. Birtles. 1 Amongst others present were Mr.J.C.Thompson,late master of the School of Art, Mr. T. Birtles, Mr. J. Lunt, Mr. E. J. Ball, and others. At a brief adjourn- ment which was afterwards made, the Mayor expressed the hope that the trees which had been that day planted would live and flourish, and be emblematical of the growth of the town. He be- lieved there was an exceedingly bright future in store for Warrington. Councillor Bennett in pro- posing the health of this Mayor, said he was pecu- liarly gratified that amidst the manifold evidence of progress and prosperity in Warrington they were not forgetting the proud associations of the last century. The Academy with its traditions would be a continual incentive to them to endeavour to make the future of the town in every way worthy of its distinguished past.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WOMEN.

Female Irregularities and Obstructions Quickly and Safely Corrected in a few hours. y a new and simple method, particulars of which II be sent free on receipt of stamped envelope CAdvloe Free by Letter. Be wise in time.

MR. L. MARTY N, 20,1Biebopegate Without, London,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRIDC4E-STREET IMPROVEMENT.

THE CrIRPORATION AND THE is FEATLIE " HOTEL. ARBITRATION PROC g DINGS.

At the Victoria Hotel, Manchester, on Monday afternoon,the arbitration proceedings in connection with the purchase of property by the Warrington Corporation to enable them to centinue the widen- ing of Bridge-street were resumed. The property in dispute is the Feathers' Hotel, with the two cottages and shop adjoining, comprising an area of 636 square yards, eau belonging to Mr. Arthur Wilson. The claim was .£l6,ooo,whilst on the other band the Corporation offered £5,900. At the pre- vious hearings all the witnesses were called, and Hr. Sutton also delivered his address on behalf of the Corporation. It now remained for Mr. Taylor, Q.C., to address the Court on behalf of the claimant. At the proceedings on Monday there were present Mr. Wainwright.of Liverpool, umpire; Mr. William Wilson, of Manchester, arbitrator for the Corpora- tion; Mr J.Clowes Sutton, of Warrington, arbitrator for the claimant; Mr. Taylor Q C. (instructed by Mr. Arthur Browne) counsel for the claimant; and Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk of Warrington) on be- half of the Corporation. Amongst those present were Alderman Fairclough (chairman of the Pro- perty Purchasing Committee), Councillor Henry Roberts. Mr.T. Locgdin (borough surveyor). Alder- man Sutton, Mr.A. Wilson, and Mr. FL B. Melville. ' Mr. Taylor in addressing the Court on behalf of the [claimant said the main question to be considered Was the value to b. alached to the licensed promises. No doubt Mr. Sutton, the counsel for the Corporation was quite right when he said there were circumstances of difficulty in arriving at a value because they had net got certain bases which they were accustomed to have in , these cases. It was quite true that there were none of the ustiel documents which set out the takings of this house for a lengthened period of time Irene which they were able to say that tile taking capacity of the house was a certain amount per week. That element was Un- doubtedly absent and Mr. Sutton made a complaint be- cause of its absence although the Corporation had sup- plied certain elements. It was important in this case to see why there were not tee usual documents. He thought it was the key to this case to remember that the business had been suffered—il!hough he did not wish to attach Warne to anyore —to get into a neg- lected state. 59 that, supposing th)re were tak- ings, they would not have describe ,1 the real value which was to be attached to this house as the busin.ss , had been allowed to languish. No proper books of ac- count had been kept,and so when they found lidr.Sutton commenting on the fact that Mr. Wilson gave no esti- mate of the amount of rent he might get from the pre- raises, they must bear in mind that Mr. Wilma did not know the real value to be attached to his own business because he had allowed it to get into this languishing state,and that consideration Was vital to the proper con- sideration of the case. They knew from the evidence of Mr. Arthur Browne that when the late owner made a deed of gift no valustion of the premises was made and it was transcerred without any valuation at all. The business had been condueted without reference to figures and when the gift was made there was no at- tempt to ascertain its real worth. Mr. Sutton made comments upon the mortgage which Messrs. Greenall'e advanced on the security of the licensed house and stables. A most extraordinary argument was produced by MeSutton that when Messrs.Greenall'e had advanced £l.BOO they made a further advance of £l,lOO because they couldn't do otherwise. Mr. Sutton argued that they did so in order to make their position sounder. There again there was no valuation, and the money was advaneed withont looking into the accounts. The pre- mises were worth a sum very considerably more than £2,900 which Mr. Wilson paid for them, and which Messrs. Greenall's advanced without any valuation at all. That sum of £2,900 which a firrn of brewers ad- vanced was advanced on these premises and was In excess of the total valuation which the Corporation had put tuipnog anitt. There was no ordinary test in this case in iv the value of the property, and in the absence of that test what were they to do ? Mr. Sutton did what be (Mr. Taylor) could not help thinking was a very 'curious thing. If the arbitrators looked at the case of the Corporation they would sem that their valuations were based merely upon opinion. But Mr. Sutton re- ferred tc the seven months takings which were obtained as if they had Nome.hiny, to do with the cage whereas the witnesses for the Corporation did not base Miter valuations upon the takings but upon mere opinion of value. The witnesses for the Corporation ignored pro- spective takings or the takings for the seven months, and merely took the rent and altered it in a certain way which he would deal with presently. What then was to be the test here? The value to be given was a fair value to Mr. Wilton for his interest In the pro- miser as between a willing buyer and a willing seller. Where they had no books and the business suffering through neglect what were they to do? The Corporation said they had provided a basis. They took from the tenant's papers, and from the books and said that the average tak- ajuwneenk. They also producied the of Mews- Greens!l figures showing what the house did an increase of trade, but 17 so oraphoorwaitniogn never asked them to take after tak- ings r number ripoentfgl ertriheroel Co it as the basis. Mr. Sutton never introduced that £l7 101 as a basis et value exeept that he said it showed that the house could never make £2O. Mr. Sutton never said to the arbitrators give the elaimant a compensation on the basis ef £ll 10s, and he never gave any reason why they should. Mr. Sutton had a good reason for not doing so. The Corporation valwatioß was not based on takings, aid had no reference to takings at all, because at the time the Corporation valuers made out their valuations there were no takings available on which to value. He contended that the Lode adopted by the Corporation valuers in fixing the hotel at a yearly rental o , good 30 years purchase was not a fair ens. f reason why Mr. Sutton made mn 4e £6O and h which he himself extracted from the Eu6tewbe then giving a basis vgi claimant's witness. Mr. Sutton showed that £l7 10s. were the average takings fee the seven months, and it be had alluded to that basis, Mr. Sutton knew that he wonld have smashed the case which the Corporation set up. When Mr. Sutton was cross-examining Mr. Whits he chellanged him as to what was the right principle to form a basis in valuing a licensed house. Mr. White said ia order to ascertain the rent it was usual to take one-eighth of the gross takings. Mr. Sutton suggested an alternative scheme of ten per cent, of the gross tak- ings as the basis for the rent,and then allowing 30 years parcham. He (Mr. Sutton) had not the figures by him, , but he believed even by that method it would work out to something like £3,500. The empire: Hardly that much. It would be about £2750 Mr. Taylor : Even if that method had been adopted by Mr. Sutton it would have given the case of the Cor- poration away. Their valuation of the whole property only amounted to about £2,500. That test which Mr. elotton was Instructed to apply Was deliberately aban- doned by him because he saw it would do away with the valuation the Corporatinn had made. He (Mr. Taylor) (d suggested that if the arbitrators were oing to abandon takings from their consideration and to take opinions as I. the value of the house, which did they think had the balance lathe weight of evidence in this case? Were on than Mr. Witsen and Mr. Kirby not local men who were familiar with Werrington like depend largely upon the information Mr. White and Mr. Thow.Sutten to be preferred and more instructed ? AU the wit- tmhelant 30 years'purchase was the uttwhoehenb;e: oesodfinil jetdo ddiao.wdel rr ufnisatr lr co local peeper number of years. He did not think anyone at- tempted to contradict what Mr. White laid down about ents-eigth of the gross takings being a fair basis for the rent of the house. If it had been erroneous surely someone would have surgeated that it was wrong. There was another test given to find out the value of the house, and that was by Mr. Leach. What was the selling value of the house to a brewer ? Mr. Leach said one-shied se the groin takings equalled the net profits, years, purchase. He knew that one of the arbi- trators having amertained the net profits a brewer would give,l4 teeters asked various questions going to show that he had • better method of arriving at the value, but the other side had net ventured to say Mr. Leach's test Wall erroneous. He could not help thinking that when the Corporation produced a witness of such eminence as Mr. Wilioes they would have asked his opinion of it. Which- ever of theme tests the arbitrators chose to take it ap- peared to him (Mr. Taylor) that the whole point came down to this What is it fair to estimate the takings it"? Was it Fair se a matter of opinion for Mr. White and Mr. T. Sutton to estimate the takings at £25 per week? Was that amount too much Or should they ge upon the overture of £l7 10s. for the Inman months ?

TOBACCONiBT3 Commanoing.—See Illustrated Guide 259 pages) 31. Tobacconists' Outiltting C10.,186, Huston-road Londonlfalrdroisort tittecl.—Managow HNlTtits. ' Lyman. °escrows*" (Trade Mark). !Ores Ila-pesboaatains without strain. Sid.. 1354.. &Miry Obscatsto

The Umpire : That does not take in any future development at all. Mr. Taylor : That is so, and the question therefore arises what is it fair to assess the taking capabilities of the house at ? It was no use saying as the Corporation valuers had done that the present short tenancy of £64 should be rented on a lease at £BO, and then multiply- 1 ing that rental by 30 years' purchase. They must get at what the takings of the house would be. The opinions of Mr. White and Mr. T. Sutton were that the takings should be £25 per week. Was that too much,or should there be a happy medium between that amount and £l7 10i ? Mr. Tunstall who was the first witness called by the Corporation said in cross-examination, to the amazement of Mr. Bradbury, that the house could not be worked up to its proper taking capacity in the period from September to March, which were the seven months alluded to. That was an important admission on his part. If with an average tenant the full taking capacity could not be realised within seven months, then they ought not to limit the takings to £l7 10s, per week. Was £25 too much to expect ? The witnesses on behalf of the Corporation did not say so. These gentlemen omitted all references to takings because they didn't know the takings when they I made out their valuations. They did not know anything about takings and did not as .ke it an element in their valuations. They merely took the rent. The gentlemen who fixed the takings at £25 per week were those who had a local knowledge and were able to state what the probable takings would be. He was aware that in such cases it was said that those who valued for the claimant made their valuations too high and those on the other side made them toe low, but it was admitted by Mr. Wilson that those who had a local knowledge had a greater advantage. Mr. White had had 30 years experi- ence in dealing with this kind of property, and was he wrong when he said this house should take £25 a week ? They knew £l7 10s. was not a fair criterion. Alderman Sutton told them be had valued three quarters of the Property in Bridge-street, also that he knew similar houeecand what they were doing in this street. He (Mr. Taylor) submitted that they were not wrong and had not unduly estimated the takings of the house when they put them down at I £25 a week. He must also remind them that Mr. Mainwaring who had offices opposite to the hotel also estimated the takings at £25 a week. All the valuations made by the Corporation values were prao- tically identical. There was not that divergence of method or of figures which was generally found when independent valuers made out figures on their own un- bias-ed opinions. They had little local knowledge and they could not do anything else than take the rent being paid, rely upon Mr. Tunstell for information, and make out a valuation identical to what be had made out. There was only one other valuer called by the Corporation and that was Mr. Curran. He said he had valued 40 per cent or 50 per cent of the licensed hews in the to en but when cross-examined it was found that his last valuations had been made some twelve or fourteen years previously. There was precious little value to be at- tached to his evidence. He (Mr. Taylor) thought it was clear from the crose-examination that Mr. Curran hadn't I that experience which he suggested be had. They were therefore drven beak to the evidence of Mr. Tunstall, ' Mr. Wilson and Mr. Kirby. Mr. Tunstall admitted several things which helped the claimant's case very much. Be admitted that there was a large increase of popula- tion, and that that increase had a great effect on the value of property in Bridge-st. That was part of the claimant's case. Mr. Tunstall also admitted that there had been a decrease of one-fourth of the number of licensed houses, and further that there was an amount of through traffic in Bridge-st. In cross-examination be (Mr. Taylor) asked him about property outside this case. Mr. Sutton rather objected, but afterwards Mr. Button was kind enough to ask the arbitrators to look at the value of other places lathe town. If there was anything in it, and there seemed to be, because the Corporation referred them to the value of land between Friar's Gate and the Bridge, he (Mr. Taylor) would ask them to look at Mr.Tunstall's statements with reference to other prop- erties. These properties were Debson's shop in Bridge- et., which had been pulled down, Dell's shop in Sankey- at., and the Millstone Inn in Sankey-st. These had been purchased recently, and the price paid was over £5 per yard in every cue. The Corporation afterwards produced documents showing that they had only paid £2 10s. per yard for land between Friars Gate and the Bridge. But there was one thing they forgot to men- tion and it was this, that they didn't tell the Court that it was the price paid nine or ten years previously,where- as the purchases in Sankey-street, and in other parts of Bridge-street were quite recent. It was not of mush assistance to the Corporation to say that bemuse in 1888 they bought certain land at £2 104 per yard, they must be able to do the same in 1898 He now wished to say something on Mr. Sutton's comments. A great part of Mr. Sutton's speech was taken up ilf referring to the delapidations of the house. Such criticism was wholly Immaterial. No one had suggested that this house was a first-class house. The arbitrators had seen the house for themselves, ane a long argument of that kind was wholly immaterial. Be did net propose to dispute that the house was in a different condition from what it was. 11/r. Sutton then proceeded to say that part of the in- creased trade was due to Mrs. Starkey. He assessed her value to the house at one-fifth, and afterwards said that part of the one-fifth increase might be due to I the destruction of another public-house in the int- rnellete neighbourhood. It showed the value of that kind of observation. Mr. Sutton afterwards commented at greatllength on the peculiar position of Mr Arthur Wit- son,the claimant. His said Mr. Arthur Wilson was not very well off and could not improve the house. He (Mr: Taylor) did not know what the arbitrators thought about it bat such arguments could not affect what Mr. Wilson was entitled to. Prueeding to refer to Mr. Sut- ton's criticisms of Mr. Mainwaring, he said Mr. Sutton was welcome to any crumb of comfort he Gould gain from them. It should be borne in mind that Mr. Main- waling was instructed to value the hotel at a low rate when valuing for the plaintiff in the Chancery proceed- ings, and it mattered very little whether be took into consideration the improvement of Bridge-street or not. Mr. Mainwaring's valuation for the Chancory Court was £5,000 which was very low as was apparent by the fact that Mr. Mainwaring himself offered £B,OOO for it after- wards. Mr. Sutton also said that the claimant's experts were guided by the claini,and that they were bound to make high valuations in consequence of the claim. There had not been a scrap of evidenee to show that Mr. White, Mr. Thomas Sutton or any of the valuers had ever seen the claim sent in to the Corporation. It was purely ima- gination on the part of Mr. Sutton to say that they had seen the claim. It seemed to him (Mr. Taylor) that they might just as well put the boot on the other leg and say that the witnesses for the Corporation had seen their offer, and in consequence had kept their valuations low. In conoln- Mon, Mr. Taylor referred to the claim for the stables, cab business, and the cottages and shop. He pointed Out that the cab business was a fairly good one, more especially in summer, and the situation of the stables made them valuable for the use of farmers and others owning bite the town. With reference to the cottages, be gathered from a remark of the Umpire that that gentleman did not think much of the state of the property. The fact remained that the Medical Officer had not condemned it as insanitary. In assessing the value of the land he asked the arbitrators to bear in mind the price which had been 'Aid by the Corporation for neighbouring lend in Bridge-street and Sankey- street. He had now gone through the %hole of the ease and there were no other comments he wished to make. The Umpire : The next process will be for us to con- sider whether I am to take any notice of this evidence of value ef other property, providing the arbitrators disagree. Do you want me to go asd leak at the pro- perties 1 If lam to take any notice of the evidence in respect to them I must go and. look at them. If I am not to take any notice of them then I shall not go. My feelings are entirely against consider- ing them, unless I leave all. the particulars before me. We all know what properties do fetch sometimes, and It Ii due to certain individual circumstances which makes them valuable. I will go and look if lam to take notice of these figures. Mr. Taylor said be thought it would be wise for the Umpire to do so in this particular case. If the gentle- men who were opposed to him had ignored these pro. parties. and bad not said it was an advantage to have the value of the land between Friar's Gate and the Bridge, he would not have pressed it. But inasmuch as Mr. Sutton had dealt with this matter he (Mr. Taylor) would ask the Umpire to visit the three or four places he had mentioned. The Town Clerk said as the Umpire 1”el net got all the particulars respecting the com.p.aratlve value, the Corporation did not ask him to visit the propertiee as they did not think it was desirable for him to do so. It was decided that the arbitrators should meet to- day (Saturday) to talk ever the matter between them. selves. In the event of them agreeing the award will be made known next week, but in case of a disagreement, the Umpire will decide, and give his decision in about a fortnight's time.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WORKS' COMPETITION.

SECOND ROUND.

MEDEIT LEAD WORKS V. WRIGHT'S —These teams net roe the third time on Saturday evening. their Previ.lhe engagements having each resulted in a draw. Each side scored a try early on, but before the close Potts get another for the Lead Works, who well by 2 tries to one.

_ THIRD ROUND. Cnosvumn's V. hlnnsav LELD Womts.—Plaved on Monday evening before 1,500 ',Actuators. Though the Lead Works forwards played a very vigorous game they were ill-supported by their banns, and the superior madness of CresSeld's men won them the game by 3 goals 2 tries to nil. itscamoma's V. Plummy amp Enownss.—This matu was leaked upon as the tit-bit of the 3rd round, and quite 2.000 people watched the game. Richnsond's failed to show that combination which distinguished them in the previous matches. The forgemen played with great dash and before half-tiaor, Foster and SatcPcoll each Scored a try. Play was more even fa the second ball, but the forgemen %told their opponents out. Richmond's were credited with • dropped goal by Edelsten, and bad I. NUM beaten by trio tea pal. ,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IRISH NATIONAL LEAGUE. A meeting of the Warrington branch of the above orcanization was held on t•zu ,inv in the Druids' Hall, Sankey-street, the president of the branch presiding. The Chairman said it vvas very gratifying to be able to announce that they had been able to forward to the Dublin Mansion House fund for the Irish distress the sum of .Cl 4 the pro- ceeds of the St. Patrick's Ball held in the Parr Hall, on the 17th March. The committee wished to ex- press their obligations to all who contributed to this successful issue, especially to those who did not think with them, either in politics or religion. The meeting was also addressed by air. Roddy and Mr. Lane, who both expressed themselves highly satisfied with the result of the ball. After the chair- man s address on" 98," he sang" Eileen Alana," for which he received hearty applause. It is expected that Mr. Dillon will soon visit Warrington, and de- liver an address on the present political situation.

SUDDEN DEATH OF M. JAMES BESWICZ. The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon of Mr. James Beswick, a retired builder, of Peel-place Church-street, who died suddenly on Saturday afternoon, at the advanced age of 72 years. At ten minutes to four on Saturday Mr. Beswick was walking down Froghall-lane when he fell to the ground, He waS removed to the Infirmary in a passing cart, and en arrival at the institution it was found that life was extinct, death being due,it is believed, to heart dis- ease. No inquest will be held on the body, which was subsequently removed to Peel-place. Deceassd was well-known and deeply respected, an i his sud- den and unexpected end has created widespread sorrow. For nearly fifty years he was an Oddfellow and passed through all the chairs, besides being at one time Provincial Grand Master. He was one of the founders and also a trustee of the Children's Burial Society which was formed in 1868.

'LIN 8K ED C. SEP° UND (Trade (ark) tor Cu agtli 1314. Sold v Chemists only —Advt.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
"BY

APPOINTMENT TO

THE PEOPLE."

THE HOUSE OF COMMONS,

The Chosen Representatives of the People, HAVE CHOSEN

===== 0002601_18980422_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BONDS'

TEA

BEFORE ALL OTHERS For every-day use in their Honourable House. The Honourable Members, the elected of the People, must have known that

2,000,000,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO MILLIONS

OF

THE PEOPLE have been drinking

===== 0002601_18980422_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Brooke, Bonds' Tea

every day for many years and thus M.P's must have realised that in that fact they have the best possible guarantee of the quality of

===== 0002601_18980422_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BROOKE, BONDS'

OUR

===== 0002601_18980422_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
at

is a marvel for the money, and it's

===== 0002601_18980422_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TRUE TEA

TEA.

10d.

FOR THE PEOPLE, so it is sold by nearly Thirty Thousand Agents. Yes,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
30,000 AGENTS.

BROOKE, BONDS' AGENTS ARE EVERYWHERE and every packet of Brooke, Bonds' Tea they sell, is put up, sealed, and certified at our Headquarters in the four cities of London, Manchester, Leeds, and Bradford. Thus, every buyer of Brooke, Bonds' Tea is guaranteed his moneyswortb..

===== 0002601_18980422_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
"TRUE TEA"

is SO cheap you can afford to be generous to the tea-pot.

BROOKE, BONDS' AGENTS also sell all of !Brooke, Bonds' long-celebrated teas at the I well-known prices of 11-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8,2/-, 2/4 and 2/8 a lb., and so, suit all The People's purses.

BROOKE BOND & Co.. LD,. TEA MERCHANTS BY APPOINTMENT TO THE PEOPLE,

The Lancashire Tea Warehouses:

IT, PICCADILLY, and 12 & 14, LONG MILLGATE, MANCHESTER; And at LONDON, LEEDS, and BRADFORD.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
MAZAWATrBB MAZAITATTEII Dsracion MAZA.WATTIN FILLGIIIXT. MAZAWATTIM B.2:711131ING. Ilia &WATTS!' licoNomiCA.L. MAZAWATT6I4 _

Sold by HENRY MILLING and Co., LIMITED. 5 Horsomarket4treet. and Corporation Banding+. Role Wholesale and 11,9[411 ArrAntol

===== 0002601_18980422_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
4'"?1?"

p

J. r

•1.

~ • - .:,•,...-..•••:,,,,&::..

===== 0002601_18980422_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Elle "Cranium" t•rtt'S

Of LANCASHIE AND CHESHIEF CoaNTY IcrPwspyPEßS: Comprises TIE iftar'rington and eifid-Cheskire Examiner, pub- .l hailed every Saturday Morning. TEar.'estown and Newton Examiner, published .1 every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday art.rnoon. p; Runcorn Examiner,.published every Saturdey morning. and 9' H) Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. etroaviolts WANTED, APARTMENTS To BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED 51011EY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR DALE BY PRITATE CONTRACT 2ISCELLANEDITS WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR Soar. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 . Os 8d ... is 3d ... 2s Od Os 94 is 10d ... 3s Od 36 45 ............. Is 3d ... 3s Id ... 5s Od 54 above charges are for PREPAYMENT only No Advertise merit in.prted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

@MOW gnrbantS, &r. - wANTED. a good GENERAL. age 25 to M.—Apply P.. Bkt:num, Woodville, Atomlate, Llverpool.

WANTED, a GIRL ; age 14 to 15 years. Comfortable home.—Mrs. HIMMER, 16 Union-street, Southport.

WANTED, experienced HOUSEMAID WAITRBSS ; wages £lB.—Mrs.H. 11 ALLBWoRTH, Registry. 37, Orme-street, Oldham. WANTBD, for the Ist of May. a plain COOK and HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS. Apply Mrs, CARTER. Exersley, Frodsham.

w ANTED at once, good GENERAL, able to wash and plain cook.—Apply by letter Saavirrr, " Haar Oiler Office, Nv arrington.

WANTBD Barmaids, Waitresses etc. Fee ls.stamp. ddress DISAMATIC and EMP'..OYMENT AGENcy a Centre Beach, Ble,ekpool.

WANTbD. a good SERVANT WORAN tor farmhouse; one able to milk. - ktrs. REYNOLDS. Mess, Hall Farm New-lane, Burseough, near Ormskirk.

WAICIThId, good CINNIIKAL, com with fortable home, 'wi re,pectable family .—Apply, with references, BELTON T &BRACE. Rusholme. Manchester.

GARPUNBR, desires SITUATION, 13 years' experience vines, peaehea, vegetables, Bce. ; age 31, single.—H. RAYMOND, Maesfen. Vi'hitehurch, Shropshire.

ANTHD, middle-aged WIN rIRAL, (family of two) Th ; cook and wash ; wages £l6 ; no registry need apply. Apply by letter, 25, I.lcavEN GROVE, Tithebarn-road, South-

WANTED. May Ist, HOUSEKAID, not under 25 good sewer; coca ansl 2 housemaids kept; character India- peusable.—Ers. QOTT, 1, Parkfleld-road. Alanningham, Brad- ford.

ViTANTBD good GBNEIBIL. April 21st; no washing. beds no outside of window ; Sunday and Wedaesday out after tea ;1 wages £15.-Ms. lIIIGH.4v.LD, 5, Charlesviile, Claughton, Birkenhead. ---f---- --- WARM. GBNBRAL, able to wash and Iron; also NIIRSII-1101JSIIMAlD ; age 23; fond of children; good sharacter iatitspensable.„-Mrs, A. LYMN, Fir Tree Villa, Lower lace, Wigan._ \A 7 ANT' HD. respectable GBNBRAL SERVANT, about 17; must have pod charac.er. wshatg, small family. If by letter state partieulati or after 5.- Mrs. PHILLIPS. 1. Latham View, Bgremont, Cheshire.

GENBEALS WANTED for Blaterpool. Southport. eta. Girls desirous or obtaining good situations are recom- mended to apply to the SELECT REGISTRY, 169, North-road, Preston, enc.osing ebanped env,'

ivelope

_ 'NIALE and FEMALB NUMBS IIIbTITUTION, 70, Hope- street. Liverpool.—Bstabloshed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or tele4r ph.—•• Nurses." Liverpool. 'telephone, 670

Couration.

L T YTHAM.—BOARDING SCHOOL for GIRLS; 48, WErEsif-sTEEET., Carefultraining. Highest references. MISSES MLLES.

Le, No. 6367.

Otorko, 3SUOIIWOStS,

fIOOD DRESSMAKING and lirspery Easiness Ti) BB DISPOSED OF. owing to illness.-294, CHEETHAM Htt.t.-Roan, Manchester.

fIONFROTIONIIRT BUSINES* to be Dteposed of; doing V good trade. Health cause of giving up. -"—Apply Takide TERMINUS, Pemberton, near Wigan.

rIOOD HOUSH and SHOP in good position, main road ; Sweets and Herb Drinks; recipes included.—Apply 14, HIGH-STREET, Wavertree, Liverpool.

.URIED FISH and CHIPS. Ranges and Fotatoe Peelers ; also Shop on IA heeIs.—MASHOT'S New k. 4 page Illustrated list free —5l. Lever-street, Manchester.

BLACKPOOL W. STANCHING, 56, Central Drive. To let at valuation (through death) splendid company house In Central Drive, alao Claremont Park, Albert-road Ac. Par- ticulars on application,

G_ OOD BAIINISGS at home by the Hartatantt PATENT KNITTING MACGUNES.-48, LIPPER BROWL-BTRENT. Man- chester.

WANT Englishmen to become their own Landlordi. Don't p •v. rent. -- nformation gratis from }Loofas. 12,Tunbridge-t, rrace, Preston,

VOUNG MAN WANTHD. ms. per week and commission ; 1. regular work ; splendid openlug. Address COMP° Wow, Farnworth, Bolton. Lanes.

A 11E1lICAN OHGANS, Jewellery, watches, pipes, toys, hardware, Age ti wantttd. Buyer e Wholetale Guide free. write BEE.Nny MAY, Merchant. Birmingham. TOBArr"---

_....)ONISTS Commencing. - See ill& Guide (2-69 Pages) 3d. Tobeicooniets' Outfitting Oci..lB6.auston-rl., London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free. —Mgr. 13.31YEaS.

' - • -• MISS. ISOBEL RIGBY, U, BRIDGE STREET. WARRINGTON. BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, UL RAL BASKETS, FLORAL EMBLEIL:, Szc. MADE TO ORDER IN TRH LATEST LONDON STYLES.

OIM ELECTRIC LAMPS BOUGHT ; also scrap platinum. Prompt cash, P. ROW/ELT., 14, Waloot Square, London S.B . SEND YOUR OLD FALSE TERM to ANDREW WALKER 454, Chester-road, Old Trafford ; beat price given ; cash sent same day.

4613RACTICAL HINTS on writing for the Press," by _L JOSEPH LAMB, Mill 11111, London, (London : Brad- baryAgnew 1. net).

NEU:IIA TISM AND GOLlT.—Particulare of cheap _Lb aim* and effective cure, P.O. 511.--LANNEN, 67, Trent Boulevard, Nottingham.

()N saLB. LANCASIIIRFE MANUER WORKS at Widnes with Machinery and 24,420 yards freehold land.—Ad- dress to J. HoBKTNG l, Fenwiek-stree', Liverpool.

2ri9. to 33s a week can be earned on the "Original" FOB- - TER PATIMT KNITTHR ; kbits stockings. socks. &c.—Write JAMES FOSTER, Maker Friargate. Preston.

"EXAMINER" OFFICE, BBWSKY-STREBT. WARRINGTON PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PROGRARS. BOOKS OF WORDS WINDOW BILLS a PLACARDS PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS,

- PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PRINTING FOR BANKS PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Eo be Let.

-- IMNIEBTH.--Oottagen 4s. tet. 33. 6d. and 23. Bd. per week. 20, PHROY STREET. rent 5. 64. 16, WHULINGTON 51 it5l3T„ rent ss. lb I IrTONE ROW, rent 28 9d - 68, 1tu11.31 STIOInT. rent 3s. 91. Apply BOSOM 1... WA I;st..e Agent, No.l, Bank-street, War- rington. Teleplaolle—Vv..". TO LE2.—LARCIE lii‘3o-AT, Lrford-street ; rent £2O --- Apply Asicrox AND WOODA, Solizitors, liorseroarket-st.. rrO LET. SHOP, with L NRG,-8 ROOM over, in Orford-at., _l. rent Pa.—Apply BeNToN AND Woons, Solicitors Horse- market-street, Warrington. 110 ESE TO LET. WILT/KW:POOL • Bay-windows ; two sitting-room* • kitchen ; and Other conveniences.— rie A 17 Borrocz, Builder, Wolderspool. Warrington 0 LET,—WARBH4 USE ST 'ABLE with room. over. and large yard attached; rent £2s.—Aootv AND wOoDe, Solicitor,. Horsemarket-street, Vi PILIMISHB suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply Aff ZION AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-et., WarrinetonL_ _____ - ToLet, with immediate possession. Two large Warehouses back Bates dc Co's, Market Sciaare, close to station ; capital for storing.—Apply, H. CANNEY, Bluebell House, Wellington. Salon.

MUTTON lirringteitu:

_ pAut 011 OFFICE'S TO BM LET, Qaeen-street. 'SWF* town; central , suit professional min ; rent £l5 ; also lock-up bhop. roomy, rent MC—Apply 11. HOWARTH, 124, Devonshire-road, Chorley.

_-- QHOV AND Iteitral TO TAT.. itylands-atreet ; suitabla 10 for Millinery or woollen Draper ; 4 bedrooms, dining room,- eellar,: kitchen. wadthousa. yard. and w o.'; good thoroughfare. rent £3o.—Apply 14, UAIRO-31%, Warrington.

ROSBY & WALKER, LIMITED, MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

GREATBST StiOW ON WARTH

-- NOTICE. FOR THE NEXT THREE WEEKS. NOTICE. CROSBY Zs WALKER, LIMITS!), have organised a series of SHOW DAY S, and invite inspection of the THOUSANDS OF VISITOE4 who will flock to see Barnum and Bailey's WONDI3IIIfUL SHOW. CROSBY WALKER. LIMITED. intend these SHOW DAYS to be an Attractive Supplement to the . GNEATHST SHOW 0 N SHOW DAY FOR SILKS, VELVETS, A costly and Slaborat • show of Blouse Mks, Dress Silks, and Trimming Silks. Thousands of Rich and Choice Silks. SILKS. SILKS. New Cheek BLOUSK SILK, 18 colourings lOd yard Coloured SATINS.. in every conceivable shade is 0 d yard Fancy Strip d BLOUSE isILKS, 22 colourings—la 4 yard Broche SILKS. for Dress Trimmings,Blmees,ac is 11 d yard Black Merveilleux SILKS, for Blouses, ls 4 yard 131.scke tiroche SILK, grand make and design ls eid yard Guaranteed Black Dress SILK. very rich 2s Il,d yard ' (Rand Range of Black Broche SILKS ..2s lid tom Ild yard

SHOW DAY FOR DRES`: "1"OD3. Finest Assortment of Coloured Dress skb wa. Beautiful Materials In Newest Colours. DRIBS VABRI'II. Yard. 1 All-wool Doub:c-wiLitti CORDUROYS, all . • 1 colours la Bid to 2s llid All-wool amble-width BIiNGALINR, all 001,,.:rs ... , ........._..,... .......... .. ..... .... IS 60 to 2i n d New M xture VOATINGSjor ooats A skirts ls Od to 3s 114 i k pad Wool Mout, RES,new colourings is llid to 3s 11 d .;triped CHNPONS. new stripes is ed to 3 lld Black Broch6 CitliPONS, very rich... Black figured ALPACAS, best designs Os Rd to 33 6d Black flgured SATIt.I CLOTH.very durable is lid to 31 ed

SHOW DAY FOR LACII CURTAINS. LACS CURTAINS. LACE CURTAINS. LACE CURTAINS. Spring Cleaning. NOTICIL—In view of Spring Cleaning we have now com- pleted our New }tango of Designs. and we have the finest Stock of SWIBS. Guipur», Madras. Scotch, and Nottingham Curtains in the town. Thousands of pairs to select front.

3s 113 LACE CURTAINS. "Lace Curtains, white and cream, 3 yards lonx Lace Curtalns. white and cream, 3i yards lonz Lace Curtains, white and cream, 4 yards 10ng....................................... • ... 113 to 21s Od Our Curtains range frem Is bad to 21s. ART MUSLINS, MADRAS MUSLIN'S, DIMITY, AND CRETONNES. BIITTHIRICK PUBLISHING CO.. LI AITBD.—We keep *FULL STOCK of the PAPSIt PATTERNS published by the above Company, as their Agents. s Whilst in town, either before orally your visit the Call at eGurßrtTbrliarmWent and buy whatever you require, and the:VISIT our NSW Tall/WOW where RIFIIRSIIMRNTS ARS PROVIDSD FRS& OF CIIARQS to Purchasers. FUNERALS FURNISH HD CONULSTSLY. R ° Sgp & WALKER, IaMITEDI •-•-• 88. mvi 88. ountalusTsErr, _ _

NCHhBTbR.

UMBRELLAS. 'UMBRELLAS. UMBRELLAS ALL TUB LATEST Novarauffi. UMBitELLAs AND SU NSHADES ItBOOVBESI3 n thalf-an-hour from 35. Gd. T. BRIERLF.Y, (from Walungey'S) 49, PICCADILLY, hIANG HESTER.

, .

===== 0002601_18980422_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
9%;

THE EXA MINER, FRIDAY, APRIL 22, 1898.

Stahl bp pribatt Creep.

Sit partnunto, k Surnfobel) I4ouors.

IPI LAORPOOL—Superior APARTMENTS. with or without JO beard ; terms moderate.—Miss MEALY, 25, Hill.street, B.S.

J4LANDIIDNO,Comfortable Apartments : terms moder- ate. Apply Mrs. Wituaare, Skipton House. Mostyn Avenue.

Oates up atuitint.

eggsS, Vouitro, t.

WHITE LEGHORN EGGS, pure brecl,3s,6d. doz..earrlage paid.—Drustat. Chesterton, Bridgnorth.

VGGS from White LIiGHORNS, 2s. 6d. sitting; =fertile' replaced—CALVEßT, 166 Manchester-road, Accrington.

pAINSTAKIN G PRINTERS are now-e days sought for by business men who study rea economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Priendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Assoclattunt and Companies, in the careful production ,of Bela", es, Adana sheets .te.; and by Musical , Pastors, and Choir Condu, tors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PIIOORABS. BOOKS 0 le WORDS. WINDOW BILLS. PLACARDS, km.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
jirtarbilierg, etc.

MUSIC. 'r • • _ BUY YOUR PIANOS at WADSWORTH'S ORGANS at WADSWORTH'S MUSIC at WADSWORTH'S VIOLINS at WADSWORTH'S MANDOLINES at WADSWORTH'S , GUITARS at WADSW,aiTH'S BANJOS at WADSWORTH'S AUTO-HARPS at WADSWORTH'S MELODIONS at WADSWORTH'S MOUTH ORGANS at WADoWORTH'S STRINGS and FITTINGS at WADSWORTH'S. CASH OR HIRE SYSTEM: BEST TERMS. You know the address :

OPPOz•ITE THE PARK, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Yll. Lt: N 14 . T$ 7 I 4 Pi] X L A

APRIL 16'h, 1898.

AN immediate outbreak of America and Spain. war between the United States and Spain now ap- pears to be inevitable. PRESIDENT MCKINLEY has despatched an ultimatum to the Spanish Govern- ment and requires a favourable answer by to-day, otherwise lie will let slip the dogs of war by land and sea. There is absolutely no prospect of the Spanish Government returning a favourable reply. They are, in effect, asked by the Americans to give up the island of Cuba, and they may be relied upon to reply to this modest request with a blank negative, that is to say, if they condescend to make any reply at all. Spain has at the present time a large army in Cuba and that army will stay there until it is expelled. In all probability, therefore, the United States and Spain will be at war against each other within the next twenty-. four hours. Hostilities being taken for granted, people are now speculating as to the results. In this connection there is a fairly unanimous agree- ment that Cuba will in the end be liberated front Spanish control and misgovernment. Look at the question as one may that seems to be a foregone conclusion. It is impossible for Spain to permanently keep its hold of Cuba in the face of American hostility. The future is with the Americans. Spain has made a great figure in European and American his- tory but its best days nave gone. Relatively I speaking, it is now a second or a third rate power. On the other hand tho United States are even yet only on the threshcld of a wonderful development. IThere is positively no comparison between the re- sources, actual and potential, of the States and those of the moribund remnants of the Empire of Charles the Fifth. In one sense, therefore, it may be said that Spain is foredoomed to sooner or Wee lose her American possessions. o,a the other hand the interest of tho moment is centred not so much in the ultimate fate of Cuba, as in the immediate results of the naval and military war-. fare which is about; to commence. Though the States have undoubtedly the staying power which will win in the end, they do not seem to have any marked superiority in the men and material which are necessary to cnrry on a vigorous campaign. It was, we believe, Napoleon himself who said that ) victories were not won by those who had the largest armies but by those who could brine the strongest force to bear upon a given point at 3 given time. When looked at in this way, the proS" poets of the Americans are not quite so promising as well-wishers would like them to be. As a mat-. ter of fact the waging of war is a new business for the people of the United States and one to which they are not much accustomed. It is already reported that they are meeting with unexpected difficulties in getting men anti material together. In this instance the State are under the disadvantage of having to wage an ag" , gressive war. Spain will be quite content with the statu quoante bellum. She is just as much in possesa , sion of Cuba as her rebel subjects will allow her te be, and she has no designs of conquest in connec- tion with the American Continent. Her plan of campaign is, therefore, essentially defensive. It • is summed up in the words of one of her ministers at Madrid who said that if the Yankees wanted Cuba they must come and t4ke it. The authorid ties at Washington have therefore to solve the problem of how to land an army in Cuba and host ; to keep it there when it is landed. The best thing that could happen from their point of vies, would be a big naval battle in which they were victorious, as that would give them the control of the sea between Florida and Cuba. But will the Spaniards think it wise to risk their fortunes in each a contest? On land and in their own Iberian mountains they are adepts at guerilla warfare, ail the French discovered to their cost at the begin.' fling of the present century, and they may think - that a similar kind of warfare at sea will best answer their purpose on the present occasion. In that case they will lay themselves out for harassing the coast towns of their opponent and • for destroying wherever possible American met" chant ships and transports. In this way the war might be prolonged almost indefinitely,to the infinite damage not only of the belligerent natiene themselves but also of all neutral countries which trade with either America and Spain, and espe- cially, of course, of Great Britain. Under the circumstances the most reasonable hope for out.. Odors to indulge in is that, if Spain is really de- termined to fight the matter out, the American may be able to strike a decisive blow either bY sea or land, as that would probably make it clear even to the" proud Don" that a country which tould not repress a rebellion of rustic ereoles 113 Cuba is no match for a nation with a population of seventy millions.

IN the almost certain In the Event b_etween the United of War.

It of ivite tea artri

evenl

Spain, people in this not be so entirely uninfluenced by it as the position of merely interested spectat they will be interested spectators may I concluded, as the progress of the fight an unwonted and alluring specter' addition their interest will be point,. fact that all Britishors are likely to be that tenderest of places, their pockets. months past bread-prices have very slowly, but none the less . and with the commencement of that movement will, it is expected, sudden acceleration The wheat has this week shown a distinct _ talk

_ to occuPY tors. Tboo au at will t. but by 01I' ached For

ipectacle,

previous standard, and there is much a eimilar movement in respect to other ties. Fruit is spoken of as likely to be

hostilit. , recoil

wi one° afford 10 in Bowe goiDS ttie; iv; baronote tho loci'

===== 0002601_18980422_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Stal

===== 0002601_18980422_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
country

===== 0002601_18980422_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tted

tow

===== 0002601_18980422_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
been

suret

===== 0002601_18980422_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
on

rise

===== 0002601_18980422_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
1131 Y influenced, but on the other hand we have the reassuring opinion of fruit merchants doing a , la. rge business with Spain, that it is now too late in the season for it to be much affected. This 171, ew of tho matter seems, on the face of it, to "ye been formulated by a belief that the war flay only last a few weeks. But during the last few d,ys we have seen it stated by American and other experts in the machina- tions of war, that the combat will more likely be one of months, not weeks, and may, (Pita possibly, extend over a twelve-month. Be that as it may, no one can deny with any show of reason, that there is an unsettled feeling in our coramercial circles, resulting from the near and Probable advent of war between the bellicose Yan- kees and the more outwardly pacific, but equally fiery Spaniards.

The agitation for the re-valuation of public- houses for the parposes of local rating is not by anY means confined to Warrington. The question je now occupying the attention of Assessment Com- Mittees through at the country, and amongst the latest in taking action are rating authorities so 'wide apart as itawtenstall in Lancashire and Mile End in East London. The result in both cases has been a substantial increase in the assessments of the public houses. It appears that there are 243 Public•houses in Mile End, and the extent to which tbe3" were undery aluri may be gauged by the Charges which have now been made. One house formerly rate lat £363 has been raised to £624, another from £lO4 to .c2BO. One which stood at the kodest figure of £75 has been increased to £152, another from £320 to £435. It is said that the solicitor employed by the licensed victuallers Ileknowledged that the Assessment Committee had (Wed in a businesslike and impartial fashion. Yet

the reassessment of the licensed houses has resulted In the addition of £2,302 to the proluce of the Mee in Mile End. Most people will agree with the conclusion arrived at by the Manchester "Guardian" which remarks that "If recent cases are typical— which there is no reason to doubt— the general body of ratepayers throughout the country must lose enormously by the undervaluation of public- houses."

It certainly does not speak very much for the in- telligence of the electors of the Borough if so many of them are inflaenced at election times—as the Conservatives would have us believe—by the ap- .pearance of " the yellow coach." And yet great Importance was attached to it at the meeting of Conservativs last week. Sir Gilbert Greenall,Bart, was, of course, in the chair, and his appearance in the Cons,•rvative camp after so long an absence was hailed with great satisfaction. "The yellow coach" Was still on their side, and it was broadly suggested that it should still be allowed to m tke its appear- ance at election times and exert its wondrous charm In favour of the Conservative candidate. From the Ternarks which fall from the lips of one Of the m imbars of the Warrington Junior Conservative Association it appears that the feeling is so strong in favour of lifr. R. Pierpoint, ALP., that, he will be returned at the next election even if he does prefer galivanting in tile Levant in preference to attendance in the House _Of Commons. Mr. Pierpoint may have a personal knowledge of many Places which are receiving Ptablic attention just now, but the speech he de- livered last week does not strike us as very states- raanlike,and it might on the whole be descri bed as au apology for the failures of the Government in its foreign policy.

The assessment of public-houses was again raised at the last meeting of the Warrington Board uf Guardians, and Mr. Sutton (the clerk) re- Peated what he had told us before that in his °Pinion public-houses are assessed at their maxi- -1324123 in Warrington. If Mr. Sutton's remarks aim- applied to the assessments of the two hotels °Wiled by the Warrington Corporation we should be ast one with him for we believe those two hotels are assesed. But on the other hand what is to ;kid of the assessment of many of the tied houses? V 5 have already shown, no once nor twice but nartnY times that there is a great disparity between the assessments of the Corporation hotels where the true rental is ascertainable and those of some tied ilQUaes where the rental is a fictitious one. The very fact that the Assessment Committee increased the assessments of public-houses in Warrington by 41,300 about four years ago shows that they could net have been assessed at their" maximum" prior to that aate. Since the last revision the town has Materially increased in poisulation,and with this in- Freese there is a proportionate increase of business in the public-houses which have slightly decreased in number within that period. The time has un- questionably arrived for a second revision of the as- sessments, and it is to be hoped the Assessment Committee will not shirk their responsibility in the matter.

Labourers wages in Warringion must be ex- tremely low if the statements which are repeatedly Made in various public courts in the town are true. For instance at the Coroner's Court last week, a wornan stated that her husband's wages as a brevi.er's labourer were only 17s. a week. This limited sum was found insufficient to maintain the labourer and his family, and in this case at least it cannot be considered a "living wage." In order to eke out sufficient money for the family's maintain- ence the wife went ou'-, washing, and during her absence one of the children was burnt in such a Shocking manner that it died a few days afterwards tit the Infirmary. We beli,cs there are some 14bourers in Warrington who earn even less than seventeen shillings a week, and considering the large number who are employed in our various in- dustries there must be thousands whose labour is tiot estimated to be worth a week. A strong I Aourers' union is needed.

-- Easter vestry meetings are now very tame affairs 711,cenipared with these in the " good old times.' 4e vestry now only deal. 3 with matters strictly llPPertaining to the church in question, and the PrOteSt " rai.ed in the vestry is generally ei:3llftried to the Ritualistic practises which been introduced. In Warrington, the t.telstry nieeeings passed off with even more t 54 usual calmness. There, however, appeared ic; be a rift in the lute in connection with the 4rish Church. Councillor Woods refused to be ..cl4in nominated for the position of people's War- and severs' other priminent members of the tt"erch declined to take even less onerous duties. The ;etion of people's warden resulted in the return of t•bewhurst who, to use his own expressive lan- -409 is not going to be a" crouching cringin ,140tve to the Rector," nor on the other hand "a 4ern in the side of the Rector."

inaCROTICII'S WONDERLAND IN LIVERPOOL. —This much D„l'rnved, and attractive place of amusement is daily A:ronised by a hrgo and appreciative audience.— "'lngot the many attractions is professor Bennett, the now, the aek, ecl ventrilognist and variety comedian, john''wledged Man ot many Voices. also Professor C. W. n•rb:?„11, the King of Illusionists, with his latest marvel z.lLYptian Gave Mystery ;" The Charming Sisters view—lea in their variety entertainment, Cosmorama aatgrph Pic;. Visitors ts Liverpool can s'pend An hour or two lt Crsuch's " Wonder- in Lime-street.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RIIN`JORN AND virtDNES.

S. PAUL'S MEN'S BIBLE CLASS. Mr. R. H. Posnett occureed the c'aair at the weekly meeting of the above s ,cietv on Sdnday afternoon, and delivered an address on" Kindness." Mr. Bowyer gave a selection on the organ, and Mr. S. Harrison sang "The Lost Chord." RUNcQRN P.S.A. .

The usual weekly mee,ing of this Sociaty was held on Sunday afternoon, Mr. Joseph Slade in the chair. The speaker was the Rev. Wynn Jones, pastor of Qoeen's- street Congregational Church, Chester. The soloist was Mr. E. Worrall, who sung with much taste and feeling "The Heavenly Song." The atteddance was up to the average. RUNCORN CYCLE CLUB.

A fair muster of wheelmen turned out on Wednesday afternoon for a spin to Chester. The roads were in splendid condition the drops of rain which came down during the day laying the dust nicely. Chester was reached in good time, and a jelly evening was spent at the Delamere Hotel. The party arrived in Runcorn about eikht o'clock at night. Mr. G. Whinyatee was the cap- tain for the day. POLICE INSPNCTION AT RUNCORN. On Tuesday afternoon et the Police Station, Runcorn, Sir Herbert Croft, one of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Police, inspected the police in the Runcorn Petty Ses- sional Division. There were on parade one superin- tendent, one inspector, five sergeants,and 22 constables. Two constables were on duty. The inspector did not drill the men in consequence of the yard bpial occupied with materials in connection with the new police build- in,y. Sir Herbert then examined the books and the present building and afterwards went through the new one.lle expressed himself as satisfied with all he had seen. ME RUNCORN PHILHARMONIC CONCRRT. The event of next week in Runcorn will certainly be the Runcorn Philharmonic Society's concert, at which Miss Marie Dunea the celebrated prima donna is adver- tised to sing. Great enthusiasm is baing displayed by the members of the society who are as well as the con- ductor (Mr. Granville Bantock) and the band giving their serviess gratuitously to assist the society out of ' debt. A musical treat is in store for the Runcorn public and there should be an *VC llowiag heuee. We under. stand that a great number of tickets have already been disposed of. The programme is of a varied and popular character. Other particulars are advertised, NARROW ESCAPE FROM DROWNING AT RUNCORN. Qerman sailor named Cornelius Jensen, narrowly escaped being drowned in the tidal dock, Runcorn, on Saturday night. Be went aloft on his vessel the Janet Worthington to clear a flag when he fell into the water. An alarm was raised and the man was got out of the water by means of a baat.hdok, When taken on board he became unconscious and Mr. W. Shaw,Searnen's mis- sionary and Dr. McKenzie wore sent for. After some time the sailor came round and he is now doing well.

YOUTSFUL SUM'. TRIEYRS AT Ruscorm. Before Messrs. F. J. Norman and W. Timmins at the in,Fwridereay,ebEraargedest waltkeseteldaling aged Rllll, andnc or RuncornPolicePeter E dozen oranges and 21b. of grape.s,the property of Charles dCwouarrdt Ball, fruiterer, High-stroet. Runcomon the 12th inst.— Prosecutor stated that he left his warehouse which was at the rear of Mr. Unsworth's shoo in High-street,at five o'clock on Tuesday afternoon and everything was safe. On visiting the premises on l'hursday he saw that several boxes cf oranges had been broken open, and he gave information to the police. Polly Hoose,of 7,Church- street. stated that Eh-, saw the prisoners on the roof of Mr. Ball's warahouse,on Twe lay night. She did not see them take anything.—P.C. Gregory deposed to finding the skylight smashed and the grapes (produced) on the roof of the buildin,g. Several orange boxes had been broken into. He ascertained that the prisoners had been seen with a number of oranges,and he took them into custody. When he charged them with the theft Wake- field replad " We are both as had as one another." The boy Edwards was discharged with a caution, and Wake- field was ordered to receive six strokes with the birch rod. RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday before Messrs. J. Handley and A. R. Norman, Tnomai Storey was committed for seven days with hard labour for beg- ging in Ashridge-St. On Saturday.—P.O. Upton said he saw prisoner going from door to . door bogging. Ha asked what he was doing and he said " selling pins." Prisoner had a piece of yellow paper in his hands but had no pins.—Prisoner pleaded guilty to beg,ging, for a Id. to enable him to get over the bridge.—Thomas Murphy was fined 53. or seven days in default for being drunk in Mersey-st. on Saturday night.—Williarn Mell- ing, of Turton, Henry Burrows, butcher, Buttermarket- st., Warrington, and an ice-cream vendor named Mon- fredi of Winwick.road, Warrington, were sumnaned for not having lights attached to their carts on the Chester I main road at Sutton Weaver,the two first named on the 28th March,and the latter on the Bth April.—Aelling was ordered to pay the costs 53. 61, and Burrows and Mon- fredi were each fined 23. 61. aad 93. 61 costs.—Thomas Jones for using obscene language in Pool Lane on the 26th March, was fined la?. including costs.—Edward Glover and Elizabeth Smalley were each fined 53. for not sending their children to school.—Mr. T. Bowyer proved the cases.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
BOILER, EXPLOSiTiN AT WESTON POINT.

Shortly after five o'clock on Monday niyht, a lend report was heard in the neighbourhood of Weston Point ias fan explosion had occurred. This was unfortu- nately true, but happily it was not attendee with any loss of life although one person was seriously injured, whilst a number of others had narrow escapes. It appears that a man named Rsbertson, a fitter, was engaged looking for in defect it one of the pipes con- nected with the main boiler n the upper eliffitlO room at the Castner Kellner Company's Alkali Works when there was a sudden explosion. Robertson was fearfully scalded about the face, and was knocked into the boiler sells below. The debris caused by the explosion was flung in all direcfions and shattered tie „Ring of the room, and narrowly Oat ip-,1 elm; ng into contact with the other men who were engaged in the room. When Robertson was picked up he was found to be suffering from terrible injuries and was unable to move. Great excitement prevailed in the works and in the immediate neighbourhood. Dr. 31crolugall, et Runcorn, was tele- phoned for, and he in company with Dr. Ormsby hurried to the scene of the explosion. The doctors found the injured man in a precarious condition, and ho was con- veyed to his hose close to. He was severely shaken but no bones were broken. No Satisfactory reason haS yet been given as the cause of the explosion. The accident is all the more sad as it is only recently sines Robertson was united in the bonds of m itrimeny,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
--- - - ANOTHER DROWNING MYSTERY AT

--itIINCORN.

INQUEST AND VERDICT.

- Mr. J. R. Worslay, coroner, held an inquest no Moe- day afternoon at Runcorn, into the circumstances attending the death of Edward Carlon who had Nee missing from his home in Granville-street, Runcorn, since March 19th, and whose body was washed up el Saturday out of the Manchester Ship Canal by the steamer Barcelona from Halifax to Manchester, at Old Quay. On the 20ria ult his blood stained cap was found on the banks of the Ship Camel. There was also a large gash ea the forehead.—Jatnes Carlon of Cooper-street, father of deceased said his eon was 52 years of age and was a dock labourer. He saw him last alive in hi, own house four weeks ago. He left to go to his work. Wit- ness afterwards saw him at night on the same day. Ilion Doyle, single woman, living at 25 Mersey-etreet, said she saw the deceased on Saturday night, the 19th ult. He WSJ passing down Mersey-street, a bout ten minutes to eleven o'clock. She could not say whether he was sober or not. Witness did not speak to him, nor did she see anyone with Wm.—Thomas Stanton,labourer if 15,C•oper-street,stated that en the 20th ult,he was go- ing to his work when he found a man's cap on the banks of the Ship Canal.lt was near the boathouse. Re noticed some blood en the ground where the cap was found.— By Superintendent Okell : There was a rope on the ground which was attached to a boat close to. Deceased very prebahly was tripped by this rope. He must have lost a oonsiderable qaantity of blood.—Walter Woothy, bridgeman, of 5, Hartley-street, Runcorn, said he was on duty at the Old Quay,bridge, on Saturday when he saw a body floating, P.C. Gregory deposed to receiving information about a cap being found on the 2011 ult. He went to the , canal and was shown the spot where the cap was picked up. A quantity of blood was on the stones. He picked up 81d. in coppers. He did not notice any footelarks. If there had been a struggle there would here been , foot prints oa the ground. A dredge-boat was tied up near and there was a new rope stretched from the boat to timber on the shore for the purpose of tying the boat up. The rope was tight and three inches above the level of the ground. The blood was six feet from the rope. Elie opinion was that deceased was tripped by the rope and falling forwards after- wards went into the canal. On Saturday afternoon he exatrined the body and found a wound on the fore- head two inches long. The wound was one that could be caused by a man falling forward on the stones. He supposed that deceased when tripeed had his hands in his pockets and so jerked out the money. The road was not a public one. Deceased had no right on that road I at all.—By Superintendent Okell : The night was dark and rough. The upper part of the body was covered with dirt whilst he lower part was quite clean. Hia appeared to have bean stack in the mul.—The jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned."—The Coroner remarked that the case had a sensational aspect about it, but he thought the sensationalism disappeared after the evidence had been given.

IMILTOTOU3 At tZ LWATTXR rIBLICIO US Ai .•,2 WATT td MILICIIOUS VIAZA.VVATTUR DELICIOUS MAZAWAT Recalls the choice Pea' :d thine years ay. Sold y MILLING mud Go.. LIMITEM, 5, Horsomarket-btrert. and Carom •dial Buildings, WholeoAle and Retail Ageuts for Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, APRIL 22. 1498.

RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

ANNUAL MEETING. MR. S. TAYLOR RE-ELECTED CHAIRMAN.

The annual meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council was held on Tuesday evening, in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Runcorn. There were present Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P., J. Wilson, H. J. Grice, E. Gatlev, W. Collier, G. El. Kirkham, J.Jonee, J. Prit- chard, G. Hewitt, J. W. Lightburn, J.Dean,D.Risbrown, M.J. Sweetman, J. Hanley; F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Marshall (secretary),and J. Wilding (surveyor.) Mr. Wiswall was votel to the chair pre tent. The first business of the meeting was the eiection of chairman for the ensuing year. Mr. Wilson moved that Mr. S. Taylor be re-elected chairman of the Urban Council for the ensuing year. Mr. Taylor was a gentleman who had served the Coon- cil and the ratepayers well, and he was sure that if his proposition was carried it would give general satisfac- tion to the people. Tale past year had been a noted one for the chairman of the Council, and he considered that they could not de a more graceful and kindly act than , to ask Mr. Taylor to accept office for another year. ' Mr.Lightburn seconded the proposition: He thought I it would be no surprise to the pablio to know Mr. Taylor had been re-appointed. The previous year bad been an arduous one and Mr. Taylor had filled it with marked ability. They had every reason to depart from their good custom of appointing a new chairman year by year Mr. Grice said he was very much gratified as a mem- ber of the Council to see the Authority had done this most graceful act. Mr. Taylor's position during the year had been a very unique one, and it had been very uniquely filled. They could not have improved their choice for the last year and he (Mr. Grice) was certain they could not have found another gentlem ea in Lag- land who could have filled the poet so well. The reeolution we carried unanimously. Mr. Wiewall then vacated the chair and said he had much oleagure in doing so. He announced that Mr. Taylor. was re-elected chairman by the unanimous vote of the Council. He was sure that he had never made such au announcement with more pleasure and satisfac- tion then he did this. Mr. Taylor then took the chair. He thanked them most sincerely for placing him in the position they had done that night for another year. He felt most grateful to the members of the Council for the unanimous sup- port they had given him during the past year. It had made his duties very light, most agreeable, and most comfortable, and he felt equally grateful to them and hoped that in the coming year he would have the same support because a chairman could do very little unless he had the support of these over whom he presided. I Referring to the new rate Mr. Taylor said that lie mete- tog the estimates for the coming year they had unfor- tunately to put on an increase of 3d.ln the £ on the rates. They all felt volved and reluctant to have to do it, but as they knew they ought to have done it twelve months ago or more. He believed every councillor felt as he felt himself that they were hopeful of having what better better times during the past year, and that they might go through without advancing the rate, but this year they had had to face it. Me considered the cloud of depression was now passing over Runcorn. (Hear, hear.) 3 Works were being extended and new ones were being established. He felt hopeful and he was almost sure that the state of things would be vastly changed this time next year. (Hear, hear.) MR. 7', W. LIGHTEORN RE-BLECTED VICE-CHAIRMAN. The Chairman moved taat Mr. Lightbern be the vice- chairman for the ensuing year. When it had been hie- p )asible for him (Mr. Taylor) to attend—he thought he had been absent on two occasions during the year when he was away from home—Mr. Lightburn was always to take his place. fie was sure that he could not better co-worker than Mr. Lightburn.—Mr. Jones ehweacivloleinn a dged the proposition.—Mr. Wiswall supported the motion and considered that the vice-chairmanship could not be in better hands than Mr. Lightburn next to him- self (the chairman). The proposition was unanimously cerrie 1. Mr. Liehthurn said that at all times he had endeavoured to „iv I the chairman all the support he possibly could,and he would continue to do for the next twelve months. Ho thought they had re +son to expect a better state of things in the cumin,/ 0 year. The Council had done much to develop trade in the place even more than the public thought,and they hoped they would continue that p:licy during the present year.

TSB PORM&TION OP VIE COMMITTEES.HELTHD DISCISSION.

Mr. Wiswall proposed chat in the formation of the committees they revert to the old prae;tice, namely, in- stead of having all the members of the Council on the committees to have eight or nine on each committee. The present mode of procedure made their monthly meetings formal, and it had been said that their officials governed the town. Well, that was no reflection on the officials bet it was on them.— dr. Lightburn said that by making the whole beard me:lll),re of a committee it gave some of the new members experience or the council work, but that had now passed away. The great ad- vantage of a small committee was that they had public opinion outside that committee. No one was to blame outside the committee, and if the committee had ex- ceeded its estimates the otuer members of the council could say to the chairman of that particular committee "you have exceeded your estimates,give us your reason." He had pleasure in seconding the motion.—Mr. Dean moved an amendment that they keep to the arrange- ment they had been working on for the last three or four years. The arguments advanced in favour of the change were very poor. lie challenged the statement that any committee had exceeded their esti- matee. He did not believe they had.—Mr. Wilaon : I do not thoroughly understand the ancient practice. I have been connected with the Council for seine time but I know of no other arrangement than the present one.— Mr. Wiswall said whether ancient or not it was &leis- factory to him. The old arrangement used to be that the Highways and Buildings Committee Was corn- posed of all the members of the Council. The Health Committee had no limit, and the number varied from six to twelve. If his propesition was carried any coun- cillor could refuse to sit on a committee, but by the pre- sent arrangement he could not. He was put on a com- mittee whether be liked it or not. That was what he objected to all along. They had no right to put a mem- ber on a committee against his will.—Mr. Grine secon- ded the amendment. He remembered that when they acted en ancient hues as Mr. Wilson bad termed the old arrangement they could hardly get a quorum. He did not see that a member failing to attend a Committee, meeting was barred from taking an antagonistic view of thr subject at the Council meeting. The present ar- rangerstent saved time and a lot of trouble, and they got through the work more agreeably. By every member , being on a committee they could not shirk their dutiee ' —Mr. Wiswall said the proposer of the amendment had remarked that no committee had exceeded' its estimates. That Might certainly be true, but they had certainly not reduced them. The actual expenditure was the important matter, and let them get rid of this over-draft at the bank, which they had year by year. (Hear, bear.) In his opinion the present system of committees did net teed to ecoeolery.— Mr. Pritchard said the Urban District Council was con- stituted three or four years ago. The rate at that time was 21. 9d. in the Z. Now they were levying a rate of 3s. 3d. in the £, and according to the estimates it would take a 3e. 6d. rate to clear them without any deficiency at the close of the ensuing twelve months. They saw that in the four years since this authority was con- stituted there had been an increase Of ed. in the £ upon tbe rates. He was prepared to say that a portion of that might be in consequence of empty houses. (Hear, hear.) Now, he was of opinion that had they had email cone- ' mittees to watch this expenditure as they had in pre- vious years before that authority was established, the rate would not stand as it did at present. —Mr. Wilson said he did nc t agree with the arguments put forth by Mr. Pritchard- He could not possibly at- tend every committee meeting, but there were certain committees he attended and did his best. On any subject that had not Met his views in committee he had always expressed himself as well as he was able to do, and if he lost in the fight then when the Council meeting came round he loyally stood by the majority. Mr. Pritchard had stated that if the small committees were in opera- tion they could eertainly put their finger on the expen- dieure and keep it down, but why couldn't a big one do it? What was the reason why a big committee could not do it P—Mr. Liehtburn : They say everybody's business is nobody's.—Mr. Wilson : But I say it is yours—Mr. Dean : Formerly a id. in the £ realised Ent, and now a lci. rate is £lBo.—Mr. Marshall : £l9s.—Mr, Dean: The old adage is—the biggest number of councillor; the more wisdom.—Mr. Collier thought that Mr. Pritchard had really smashed up the case al- together. He did not see any reason for Mr. eritchard to hoist the black flag over Runcorn. They had beauti- ful streets, Ste., and he considered they were doing satis- factorily. Widnes and Liverpool had small committees and they had increased rates. The old Board of Com- missioners did not do everything.—Mr. Kirkham said that Mr. Pritchard had mentimed nothing about Id. ia the £ they paid away for water. Then there were legacies left to them by the old Commissioners. He referred to the condition of the streets. Look it Lerd- st., Church-at., Greenway-road, Mill Brow, Canal-st.. It:). These were legacies and now Mr. Pritchard told them that he was almost ashamed of them (the Council), He considered they spent less money proportionately now, than they did four years ago.—Mr. Wiewall said he was very sorry that the discussion had come to Corn- naissioners versus the Council. Is was a question of principle and let them not depart from it.—ehis con- cluded the discussion, and the arneadm mt Was put to the meeting and eight voted in favour of it, sez , Messrs. Dean, Grice, Wilson, Kirkham, Gatley, Collier, Hewitt, and Sweetman.—For the proposition six voted, Messrs. Wiswall, Lightburn, Jones, Pritchard, Handley, and' Bisbrown.—The amendment was therefore declared carried. .

Mr. Lightburn said that although they had not had ad their own way he thought the discussion would do a great deal of good. Although one of the losing side he was very sorry that a distinction had been made bet wean the old and new mambers.—The committees were then re-appointed with one or two sight alterations.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE.

SALE OF WORN.

On Wednesday afternoon in the Seamen's Institute, Runcorn, Mrs. W. J. Crossley of Altrineham, opened a three days' sale of work. The object of the sale is to raise funds to clear off the debt of £l5O upon the above named institute. _ _ _

Amongst those present were Mrs. W. J. Crossley, of Iltrincham,the Rev. Mr. Lambert, chaplain to the Sea- men's Inatitute, Mr. J. K. Digges, hon. see.. Mr. H. A. Cooke, Mr. Newton, Mr. R. Abel, Captain Heasley, and Mr. W. Shaw (missionary). The stalls were well filled with articles of almost every description. The Rev. Mr. Lambert said it was his pleasing duty to call upon one who had been along with her husband a strong support to the Mersey Mission to Seamen' to wish God speed to this effort they were making to free the Runcorn Institute of all the debt that remained upon the land and buildings. Mrs. Crossley would declare the day's proceedings open in a few minutes. but before doing so, perhaps she would allow him to congratulate all the workers on having got such a tine array of stalls. It was a source of satisfaction that they had organised this sale of work in a spirit of true independence, so that they would be able to say that they had never called on the general fund. They knew the cause of the small attendance that, afternoon, namely, an event which had cast a shado* over many homes in the town. Be referred to the death of Mr. J. E. Langshaw. Mr. Langshaw had helped at their last' bazaar, and had shown a very great interest in the present sale of werk. It seemed almost a coincidence in this branch where they had distinguished themselves by providing a sailors grave and monument in order to bury sailors who had been drowned about Runcorn, and who were far away from any friends who were able to pay the burial ex- penses, that 80 many of the pnople who would have supported them that afternoon were to be found near that monument in the cemetery. He considered that there had been increieingfellowship in tois branch of the Mersey Mission all along the line ever since Mr. Shaw came 23 years ago. He had much pleasure in calling on Mrs. Crossley to declare the sale of work open. (Ap- plause). Mts. Crossley said it was a great pleasure to her to be there that afternoon. It ,vas the second Sale of Work she had attended since she returned to England from a very long holidiy. Sales of work made her feel proud, particularly after her sojourn in Esypt. Ia Egypt women were not speken of as they were in England. The Egyptians thought they were not fit to work and abso- lutely ignored them. Bat when they came to sales of work they found out what a woman could do. (Laugh- ter.) When she was on the Nile and nearing her time to return home, her man-servant wanted to come with her. She asked him what he would do and he said "clean for you and look after your room." (Laughter.) She told him that women did that work in England. This answer he treated with contempt. The Egyptians considered that women never did anything; that was right, and al- ways everything that was wrong. She was glad to know that the efforts which were being made to fres that institute from debt were being don by women. It was their duty to do what they could to make the world better than they tound it. It was very good for people to work hard themselees, but they eeeslhdouelydmaplsaothseiseewwhitaht ipnetohpelier were dubleeisagnd Tenhceoyurage them. The cause oththemer of that sale of work was a vary good one, and far too good a cause surely to have £l5O of a debt hanging over r o referred deel a rteday's personal ,s it. She hoped that the goods which were on the stalls would soon be quickly bought up. Before she declared the bazaar opened, matter. She said that it was her 32nd welding day that lYd alursse.y o d a the y . She ss le then( pr eoe, enee ciV inaZ; spp 0 P trn Mr. Digges in ttis name of the company assembled congratulated Mrs. Crossley on the anniversary of her welding day. Be also proposed a vote of thanks to her for being present that day. She worked hard for church purposes, and as the Rev. Mr. Lambert had said she had been an old friend of the Seamen's lai„ion. He would have been very pleased if Mr. Crossley could have been there that afternoon. Captain Heasley seconded the motion. He referred to the work of the missionary (Mr, W. Shaw) and his visits down to the docks inviting the sailors to come up to the migsion room. He might not persuade them the first time but he certainly got them up the second time, and if they were there the first night they we're sure to come again. Be (the sneaker) had been in Egypt and had seen sailors in different parts of the world but he bed never seen an institution like the one they were assembled in that afternoon. Mr. W. Shaw supported the proposition. He said it was a great help to anyone who had to toil among sailors and canal boat Ise vie as he had to do to have sympathising friends about them. They had a good staff of Sonia,' school teachers, and a g iod choir, and when there was a sale of work they had a number of ladle,' who were willing to help. men they had kind friends like Mrs. Crossley to open the proceedings. Be considered that ought to encourage a missionary to go on. In conclusion he hoped the result of the sale of wa • s carried, and the sale of goods work would he a clearance of tho debt. (Applause The proposition ) then commenced. The stalls and stallholdera were as fallowe : Weston Point Stall : The Misses Dunhavan,Tweddell. Grounds. and Dyer. Friends stall : Tha Mesdames Newton, Do Korte, Toone, aril Miss Bate. Mission stall : mesdames W. Shaw, Robinson, Rose, Lockett, and Mies ,1 Edward:J. Suaday schnol stall: Mesdames Mack,Evans, J. Cliff. and the Misses Bowyer, N. Douglas, and Bexen. Shin Canal stall : Mrs. Digges and Miss Heasley. Wei,hing Machine : The MiCelig Digges. Toy stall The Misses E. Shaw. Dyer. Norton, and S. Basnett. Sweets stall : The Misses K, Poole, Beckett,Flelmea,ancl De Korte. Fruit and flower stall : The Misses IS Haves, Riley, Walton, and Ma. Milner. Refreshment stall : Mesdames Abel, Coward, A. Abel, Dykes, Cook, Eforrifielcl„ Salton, and Mice C. Price. Cloak and parcel room : The Misses Shaw (2) and Evans. The entertainments consisted of Gramaphone enter- tainment given by Mr. J. Ferguson of Waterloo ; con- cert by Mr. J. Birkett and frionda ; exhibition of life-sized waxworks by Mr. T. Woods ; ladies (washing competition ; pianoforte Was ; and rifle range. The attendance during the day was very gratifying.

The secend day's proceedings were °paned on Thurs- day, bY.Mr. S. Taylor. J.P., charm in of the Urban Dis- trict Council. Mr. W. Shaw said he had to apologise for the abaence of Mr. J. R. Diggs, the hon. secretary to the sale of work, who had been called out of the town ma businens. He said it gave him extreme plesaure to intredoee their good friend Mr. Taylor who had always been a really strong supporter of that miasion ever since it commenced hs 1875. to ev• ry sale of work, and in every effort that had been ma le for the benefit of the missioa,Mt. Taylor hart been one of the chief mainstays. (Applause). Mr. Taylor said it was a pleasure to him to take part in that sale of work for two lemma. First because the nbject was a mcst worths, one, and senoeilv to give en- couragement to the ladies who had taken so deep and practical a part in organizing and providing for that sale. They were aware that there was no other obj•ct sO worthy as that of the Mersey Mission to Seamen. Boatpeople and sailors were a class of people whose duties were most arduous and he did net think that there was any other class on the face of the earth who had to go through the same hardships as seafaring people had, and he referred at length to the formation of the Runcorn Branch of the Seamen's Mission,and in conclusion hoped the sale of work would have the result of cleaning off the debt. On tins motion of Mr. Newton. seconded by Captain Heasley, and supported hy Mr. Cooke, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Taylor for his presence that afternoon. The motion was carried.ancl Mr. Taylor, in reply, said the greatest reward to hint would be to hear that the debt had been wiped off that land and institution. (At,. piause.) Mr Shaw announced that the takings the previous , day had amounted Co £45. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18980422_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR AT WIDNES.

MAN CHIRGED mu' CA.USING HIS WIFE'S DEATH.

On Tuesday morning, Ellen lialsall, aged 70 years, who of William thleall, cheenicai lab lam, Lea's Cot. tags, Ditten,was discovered in the kitchen by two police officers. It appears that on the previous day the de- ceased's husband was drunk, and he quarrelled with his wife, leaving the house about 9 p.m. The deceased came out of the house, and complained to a neighbour named Rigby that ha husband had struck her In the fate. She then c inarnenced to cry, but shar'ly afterwards her husband Came up, and they went into the house together, and he began to quarrel. Subsequently the neighbour Rigby heard the deceased exclaim, Oh," but on going round to the door she found it locked and the it nose in darkness. Ahout 1.30 the next morning, P.S. Twentyman and P.C. Dickenson observed Heiman knocking at a deor,aud 012 seeing the officers be requested them to go to his house to see his wife, whom be neliaved had fallen downstairs. The officers there- upon went to the house and found the woman as stated. They brought the husband to the Widnes Polies Station when later on in the day he was charged before Alder- men W. W. Geleags en suspicion of baying caused the death ef his wife.—P.S.Twentyman etated that when he went late the bowie there w-ne a number if broke, pots strewn about the flier. Re lent for Dr. Mercer,whe on his arrival pronounced life to have hen extinct some time. There were a number ef bruises on the deceased. The prisoner was rem indirl until the Petty Sessions.

At the iriquoßt 11,>14 on Thursday a verdict of death frern natural caupes w re.turned. After the inquest the prisoner was conveyed th the Widnes Police Court,—, 'dere be was charged, before Aldermen Sailer asid•Tinsmis, with having caused the Aft' of his wife, and was dis- charged.

At Crewe on Thursdas w soiling men named Richard Bradshaw, and Frederick Franklin, were handed over to the Barrow police on charges of stealing a couple of bicycles which they had hired in that town.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARISH COUNCIL MEETINGS.

WESTON.

The first meeting of the Weston Parish Council was held on Friday evening last in the Weston Parish Church School. The members present were the li?v. Canon Wood, Messrs. L. Rosenberg, P. Allen, J. E. C. Banks, ,J. Basnett, A. G. Guest, J. Tudor, D. Somerville and J. Collier (clerk). On the motion of Mr. Rosenberg seconded by Mr. Mien, the Bev. Canon Wood was elected chairman for the ensuing year. The Clerk said he had seen Mr. E. Aaron and Mr. T. Fordf who had served the parishioners as overseers for a number of years, and they were willing to act for an- other year. It was proposed and seconded by Mr. Somerville and Mr. Guest that these two gentlemen be reappointed and this was agreed to. A letter was read from Mr. E. Marshall secretary to the Runcorn Urban Council inviting the Par- ish Council to appoint a committee to meet the Highways and Buildings Committee of the Run- corn Council, to discuss the question of making a direct road from Weston Point to Runcorn. After a brief die. cusion Messrs. Allen' Tudor, and Ball were appointed a committee to meet the Urban Council. A communication was read from Mr. T. Ashton, of Runcorn, intimating that the vacancies on the Parish Council might be fifled up from the retiring members.— Tue Chairman remarked that three persons retired, and there were only two vacancies to fill, If the three gentlemen were written to and they all accep- ted, what were they to do P—lt was however,dccided to write to the three retired councillors, viz : Messrs. R. Clark, F. Clark, and P. Coyle, inviting them to become members of the Council. Oa the motion of Mr. Somerville, mended by Mr. Rosenberg, it was decidel to call on the overseers for a urec'pt of £2o.—The Clerk remarked that they were 2s lil in debt. (Laughter).

===== 0002601_18980422_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

The first meeting of the Hatton Parish Council for the present year was held on Monday evening, there being present Messrs. J. Looker, J. Manning, J. Astbury, A. Povey, W. Moores, J. Stokes, J. S. Jeacock, and A. Woodier (clerk). Mr.Einghes(who w abv,nt front the meeting through indisposition)was eL ei::.k4iralan for the ensuing year, and Mr. S. Ma:ening was elected vice-chairman. _ _

Messrs. J. Ackerley and H. Rowe were re-appoin'ed overseers to the township for the ensuing twelve mmths.

ildr.Povey drew the Council's attention to the obstruc- tion of the road by the front of the Castle leading to Sr Richard Brooke's stables and the laouse occupied by himself. The obstuction had been made by Mr. Walker. The latter wide en attempt last veer to close the road, but it was only stopped for a week. It was a main road leading to the schools, to his (Mr. Poyey's) cottage, and also to Sir Richard Brooke's stables round by tbe Castle. The rued had been blocked up by stones which were hid right across it,and about MX or seven inches high. He saw Mr. Walker about the matter on Saturday, but the latter said he had had so much encroachment open his premises that he was determined to put a stop to it,ansi Mr. Davies had authorised him to put the obstruction there. Mr. Povey added that Mr. Davies was a solicitor of Warrington. The Council visited the spot which was close to the meeting place, and after the inspection Mr. Stokes proposed and Mr. Looker seconded that the matter be deferred for a iortni.iht. This was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HET.

The first meeting of the new Cmncil was held in the schools on Tuesday evening. 111 r. F. Pearson presided, pro tern, and the other members present were Messrs.J. Pemberton, G. H. Mason, Mclntyre, C. W. Davenport,. Hayes, and J. Houghton Clarke.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENT OF CHAIRMAN.

Mr. Mason said that in acc,odance with usual custom followed since the Parish Council was first formed it had been a sort of unwritten rule that priority was given to the oldest member of the Council. and on that under- standing he proposed Mr. Pemherton as chairman of the Cooncil.—There was no seconder and the motion fell to the ground. Mr. Pearson said that Mr. Mason was so far right. This unwritten rule had been previously recog- nised.

Mr. Clarke proposed Mr. Pearson for the office. and Mr. Hayes seconded. Mr. Pearson said he was quite in favour of a new man taking the offia. At the same time he would take the opinion of the meeting, and was willing to accept office for another year.

, Mr. Pearson was elected without opposition. Mr. Pearson then left the meeting, having another en- gagement, and Mr. Clarke took the chair.

APPOINTMENT OF OVERSEERS.

Mr. Davenport said he did not see any reason why they should not appoint the same overseers, Messrs. J. Whitley, and J. Warburton. as they had done good werk. He moved their re-election. Mr. Pembrten said thought they ought to have Some more esparionced man than Mr. Whitley,especially in tile valuiti,..t of pr -Tarty. Someone with a bigger stake in the village should be appointed. Mr. Davenport said he appreciated what Mr. Pember- ton had said, and would propose Mr. Clarke in place of Mr Whitley. Mr. Hayes seconded, and Messrs. J. H. Clarke and J. Warburton were elected. MISCELLANHODS.—TIIE ADMISSION OF TME PUBLIC. The nest business was thin fixing of the salary for the Collection of each special rate. The Clerk said that £l2 103. was the customary sum for each sp,cial rate. There were generally two each year, but there might be more. Mr. Pemberton moved the adjournment of the matter as the previous records of the salaries etc., were in the hands of the previous clerk, Mr. Ellison.—This was agreed to. The following dates were fixed upon as those for the 3 re raining statutory meetings of the Council :—June 28,10ctober,4th, and December 27th. Mr, Mason said he had found that many ratepayers were not aware that the meetings ot the Council were public. The Clerk : Only the 4 meetings of the year are public. Mr. Mason : All meetings of ties Parish Council are open. Toe Clerk : Not unless the Council .decide.

Mr. Mason : I think von are mistaken. Any parish- oner can attend a meeting of the Parish Council or Parochial Committee. Mr. Pemberton : lam of the san” opinion, but if it needs a resolution I move that the public be admitted to every meeting of the Parish Council.—Mr. Mason eeconded, and it was carried. Mr. Mason moved that notice of the meetings be ad- vertised to the public on a notice board to be erected in the village.—Mr.Pernberton seconded that,and it was agreed to. This was all the business. THEL WALL.

The annual meeting of the Thelwall Parish Council wag held in the National Scnolls on Moaday night. A miral Tones-Parry,as vicsechairman, presided until after the election of the chairman. Admiral Jonee-Parre pro. posed that the Rev. T. Pym Williamson be re-elected chairman for the ensuing year. The proposition wag se- conded by Mr. W. Houghton, and carried unanimously. Mr. H.Reebuck then proposed that Admiral Jones-Parry be elected vice-chairman, and this was seconded by Mr. I George Lambert,and carried unanimously. The retiring overseers, Messrs: H. Roebuck and W. Houghton, were re-appointed and thanked for their services. The cor- respondence was read concerning tm Ship Canal Ferry.. At the suggestion of the Chairman, the discussion was deferred until the next meeting. The Clerk then pr. - seated his statement of accounts. The Council com- menced last year with a balance of £2 4s 31. and had received from the overseers the sum ot £s,making a total of £74e 3i. The amount spent had been 93 51 leaving a balance of £3 14s 10.1. The Clerk stated that he had received notice from the clerk to the Guardians that the call for the next half year would amount to about £2Bo,bein.; an increase on the highway rate of £2l and an increase on the poor rate of £22. This would necessitate a heavier rate. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. BIIRIONWOOD. At the first meeting oh the Burtonwood Parish Council held at the Board School Mr. Warburton moved the re- appointment of Mr. William Fairclough, chairman, and Mr. William Sephton, vice-chairman, for the ensuing year, and the propositions were agreed to. Mr. Forshaw moved and Mr. Cooper seconded, and it was carried that Mr. Fairclough and Mr. Flaslam be re-appointed overseers. It was resolved that Mr. William Fairclough be re-eppointed waywarden, and that the meetings be held on Thursday evenings as before. The Clerk was instructed to write to Dr. Haskell, with reference to the site for the new burial ground, Ste., after which the meeting terminated. _

PADGATE. The annual meeting of the Parish Council for the town- ship of Poultion-with•Fearnhead, and the first of the newly elected Council was held in the class-room of the Padgate National School, on Wednesday evening. There were present Messrs. Georgs Walker, George Mather, John Timmins, John L. Elarrington, Henry Thornton, Frank Royston, and Thomas H. Granger (clerk). The business of the meeting was to elect chairman, vices chairman, etc., for the ensuing twelve months. Mr. Granger was asked to take the chair prior to the elec- tion of chairman of the council. Mr. Barrington pro- posed that Mr. Thornton be again elected chairman. Mr Walker seconded and expressed a hope that Mr. Thorn. ton would continue Co show that Christian charity that he had Blown at the previous meetings. Mr. Royston proposed Mr. Walker as chairman, he having obtained the highest number of vates at the election. Mr. Timmins seconded the proposition. Mr. Walker said he did not wish to accent the ofis and hoped Messrs. Royston and Timmins would not press their pro. position. The amendment was withdrawn -Ind Mr. Thornton elected chairman. - _

_ .... *Mr. Granger moved that Messrs. J. L. HarrirLzton, G. Walker, G. Hatton, and H. Ezard be the onerers for the ensuing year. Mr. Thornton seconded and the move- ment wai put to the meeting and passed. Mr. Mather

proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. John Houghton for his past services as overseer of the district. He was sure everyone sympathised deeply with Mr. Houghton in his sad position and he was sorry he could no longer accept the office as overseer. Mr. Timmins seconded ttie vote of thanks which was supported by Mr. Walker and Mr. Harrington. M . Walker was appointed vice-chairman on the pro- position of Mr. Thornton seconded by Mr, Harrington. It was decided that the quarterly Council meetings be held on the Thursdays after the 15th of July,October,and January.

Mr. i'hornton was again proposed as way warden and re-elect Pd.

Mr. Me!drum was re-appointed treasurer. The next item on the agenda was the election of clerk. Mr. Granger said no doubt the Council intended to ap- apoint one man to carry out the duties of assistant overseer and clerk. If that wal so he was willing to undertake the duties of clerk until such appointment should be made. Messrs. Thornton, Royston, and Tim- mins, were elected as members of the Finance Com- mittee.

A letter was read from the Town Clerk of Warringt6n, respecting the extension of water mains to the top ot Cinnamon Brow,Fearnhea d. If there was sufficient de- mand for water beyond the point where the mains had already been carried, the Corporation were willing to extend them but if not the Town Clerk pointed out that the water would become stagnant in the mains, thereby, affecting all the water paasing through the mains which would be injurious to health. After a short discussion it was decided to let the matter stand over.

The qaeation of the inadeql ate supply of the police on the Mancheeter Road, Paddington, was again brought before the Council, and it was agreed that Mr• Royston make full enquiries and bring forward a sug- gestion at the next meeting as to what would be toe best course to pursue, and also recommend a suitable house for a constable to live in.

Mr. Thornton mentioned that the voters' list was made out in is very unsatisfactory manner,and proposed that the Council recommend the overseers to make a full and complete list of the names and addresses of all persens entitled to itis on the mister, and it was agreed to.

It was decided that the gas lamps should not be lit during the summer months, and the Clerk was instructed to notify the gas authorities accordingly. The Clerk read the resignation of Mr. Brimelow, as assistant overseer. Mr. Brimelow, who was not present at the meeting, gave no reason whatever for resigning his position, but Mr. Thornton who had personally visited him said Ms Brirnelow was giving up the posi- tion because he was dissatisfied with the way he had been treated by the members of the Ceuncil. After a lengthy diseussien in which Messrs. Thornton, Walker and Mather took protninent parts, the following resolu- tion was passed :--s" That a deputation consisting of Messrs. Walker, Royston, and Thornton call upon Mr. Brimelow and endeavour to induce that gentleman to reconsider his decision ; in the event of Mr. Brireelow refusing to withdraw his resignation, tharthe Clerk advertise publicly for a man be fill the post." The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY.

A meetinl of this Council was held in Great Sankey Board gthool; on Mondavi evening. Mr. T. Halton pre- sided aril thsre wee also preseut:Messr L John %Bellow, Thomas Kilsi,v, Thomas Cooke,William Taylor,George Thompson, with Mr. Smith (clerk).

ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN AND VICE-CHAIRMAN. The Chairman said he had great pleasure in prepodng the electi )n of Mr. J. Wricht, an outsider, as chairman, and said he hoped it would be carried unanimously. He had been connected with the district a good many ye vril, and was fully acquainted with the routine busin.s,. was accustomed to the duties of the Parish Council, be having only just retired from the pisiti(m of assistant overseer. He was sure Mr. Wright would attend to his duties of the Parish Council, he having only just retired from the position of assistant overseer. He was sure Mr. Wright would attend to his duties and do his very best on behalf of the ratepayers of Sinkey.—Ar. W. Taylor seconded and the motion was carried unanim. ously.—On the motion nf Mr. Cooke, seconded by Mr. Taylor, and supported by Mr. T. Kilshaw, Mr. Halton was elected vice-chairman,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF OVERSEERS.

Mr. T. Hilshaw proposod, and Mr. Cooke seconded, that the pre.eat overseers, Mr. Halton and Mr. Taylor be re-elec-ed.—Mr. Thompson proposed that Mr. Wright and Mr. Taylor be elected.—Mr. Halton proposed Mr. Thompson in the place ,*f Mr. Wright.—Eveatually Mr. Thompson was elected with Mr. Halton and Mr. Taylor.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF WATRARDEN.--,S. LITTLE SCENE.

Mr. Thompson said if he had been present at the last annual meeting he should have proposed that Mr. Taylor be the waywarien, because he thought Mr. Helton held rather too many poeitions,aracl he knew what that meant for business mes. It must he very trying. Mr. Taylor et the poll had received the c infidence of the ratepayers to a very large extent, but he did not think he could make that proposition now that Mr Halton had given up the chairmanship,—The Chairman said the waywarden's term of office would expire next March, as the Highway Board and District Council would become one body after March next. —The Clerk read a letter from the , Clerk to the County Ceuncil to the same effect.— , The Chairman, proceeding, said be had been cmnecte I with the Flighway Board for twelve months, and as long as he had been elected rural district , councillor it would be unwise to appoint anyone else as vraywarden, not that he was wishful to retain the office, but he thought it would be foollshnees to divide the two offices. He had heard that Mr. Thompson asked a certain indiuidual from Penketh to become waywarden, if he (Mr. Thompson) succeeded in obtaining a majority in the Parish Council. This statement was confirmed by that gentleman himself, Mr. Metthews,and he would like to know if Mr. Thempeou made tint remark.—Mr. Thompson I asked him if he was eligible.—The Chair- man : But didn't you ask him if he would become way- warden ?—Mr.Thempaen : Ido not think I did.-1 he Chairman : He assured me you did, and I think we could get someone eligible in our own parish to be a representative without going to an outsider.—Mr.Thomp- sen : Certaintly ; I should not have proposed Mr. Taylor if I thought it was not necessary.—The Chairman : Mr. Matthews assured moot the fact that you asked him to weywarden.—Mr. Thompsort : Oh, no; I think he has put it in too strong a light.—The Chairman : I have merely brought this forward ti see whether it was so or net.—Mr. Thompson : Oh, no.—The Chairman : I am very glad yea have given a total denial to it, if you do so.—Mr. Thompson : I have no objection to your being w.ywarden.—The Chairman : It is not that,it is a ques- tion whether you are to ienore Sankey people and bring in an out slier to be the representative.—Mr. John KU- shame I don't think Mr. Thorepeenie proposition has been socon ledo—Mr.Thompson :I don't wish to press it; I wilt withdraw it if gTo desire 11.—Mr. John Kilshaw : I will pr ,p,se Mr. Balton. Ile has done good service as way warden—Mr. I'. Kil.haw seconded the election of Mr. Halton as waywardee, and this was carried.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
TIT ACCOUNTS. --••TFIN COST OF TETE ~ELECTIONT:

The Clerk stated th4t the t,til expenditure of the year •i.,aQ £2 2. 8 1., and thee avis balance in hand of £3 164. 41. Chiirman thouzht that Ppoke eery favour- ably for the districr., havina epont £2 2s. BJ. It shoed that somebody was loaki az after the district, and he hoped it was the Parish Council. The accounts were Das,ed.—Tho Clerk said the returning officer's ex- ppases in connection with the recent election would be about £lO. He had not received the account yet but he understood that would be about the cost of : the electiou.—On the motion e Mr. Cooke seconded by Mr. J.Bilshaw,a precept for £l5 was Issued The overseers' accounts were deo submitted. THE MORTUARY RUESTION.-THE REMOVAL or A

DEAD BODY. The Chairman said ther, wts a rather awkward pro. ceeding in the case of the bpdv which was found on the line last Menday,and he as overseer had a great amount of trouble in crinmection with the removal of the body. The man was killed on Monday, the inquest was held on Thursday evening,and the corpse was not removed until five o'clock on Saturday night. That was too long to keep a body. He did not hear anything about the case until Friday night at eight o'clock, except that the man was killed on the line. The 13,ndlord of the Chapel House Inn came to him as overseer to have the body re- moved. On Saturday morning he gent a telegram to the relieving officer at Earlestown, Mr. Bowes, and bo- mbe) communicated with Mr. Shearer to the effect that the body was lying at the public-house. Mr. Shearer at once gave an order hr the remeval of the body, and it was removed durins. the day. The landlord had been I blamed, although he (Mr. Halton) was quite sure that ' Ihe had nothing to do witn the matter. The police In- formed him that aftor the inquest they wiped their hands of the whole thing. He thought they ought to have acquainted the relieving officer with the fact of the I body being there.—Mr, Thompson : Whose duty is it to report the matter to the relieving officer?—The Clerk: , I should say the police.—The Chairman said the Coroner gave his warrant for burial tea relation of the deceased man, aad he Lock it over to Esrlestriwn the next morn- ing. Mr. Bowes was away transtr'ing business, and he did not get it until the °arching. Mrs. Bowes told the man ta call again in an hour, hat he did not. Mr Shearer gave instructions for the burial,and the man's name and age appeared on the coffin plate, and how those particu- lars erste obtained he did not know. lilt was through the press he thought there was something loose some- where.—Mr. Thompson : It is very serious.—Mr. J. Kilahaw : Was it the duty of the relieving officer to look after this body :---The Chairman : it was, th,Te is .ventually decided to write to the no doubt.—lt Local Goverament Beard for their opinion concerning the provision of a mortuary, and the Chairman gave notice to m.-ve at tbe next meeting that a payment he grantet4 to the landlord of Ulu Chapel House inn for taking in dead bodieS.' This concluded the business. WALTON INFERIOR.

_ The, first meeting a the newts—elected Parish Council was held at the stag Inn, all the members being present. !qr. w. a. Voodcock was elected chairman and Mr. J. W4rd vice-chairman for the ensuing year. Mr. J. Mounfiski was re-elected clerk, and Messrs. Mounfield and Wpoelcocis overseers of the parish. The question of lighting was eudered, and deferred until the next meeting.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING AND CYCLIST.

ON SATURDAY, MAY 7TH

will be commenced in the •• EX AAIINER " s series f EIGHT ARTICLES BY POPCLAR EIT.ERS ON "CYCLING AND CYGLISrS The Articles will be published fortnightly as under I. "CYCLING ABROAD."

By ;I. L. jEFFEESON (who has st trt-d to cycle t 1-Ch!et as Spvial C.)rnrnissioner for .tl,9sre. Harme:. Ny.,rth). 'CITE lIUVOIMS OF CYCLING." By H. J. HOLUES, Editor of the" Wlifelman." 3. " TM?. EVOLUTION OF THE CYCLE."

: • -•

By CILIBLES P. SISLEY; Baiter of the ''Cycle." 4. "CYCLING FOR LADIES." By MIS . JACOB 3. Assistant-Rditor of the,- " Rambler." 5. "CYCLING ACCIDENTS; AND 110 W TO AVOID TFIENI."

By T. S. JOHNSTON, Contributor to the "Irish Cyclist." 6. " CURIOUS PLUSES OF CYCLING." fly C E. BRANCH, Assistant-Editor of the " Cycle." 7. "LONG DISTANCE RIDING." By T. A. BEQE, Editor of the " Cycicrs' News." 8. "PRACTICAL myrs FOR CYCHATS7i." By C. W. HARTUNG, Coatributoc 1,3 " Crelist."

UNCORN PHILLIA.DIONIC SOCIETY.

LAST CONCERT OF THE SEASON'. PUBLIC HALL. THURSDAY, APRIL 2Sni, C. VILLIERS STAMFORD'z; "REVENGE."

MADAMB MARIE DUNA, celebrated Prima Donna, will sine. Full Band and Chorus. Splendid Programme. ADMISSION :-35., 25., Is. Plan at Mr. BBLLAMY'S, High-strect.

WANTED, a good CflilffiltAL for kitehda tlard to assist in the bar.—Address ODDVELLOWS Amu,

DEA.Ta OF MR. J. E. LANGSII.A.W, OF

RIINCO RN.

It is our sad duty to record the Oise% of Mr. James E. Langshaw, which took place at his residence lee. Church Place, Runcorn, early on Sunday inorning,at the early age of 33 years. About a month ago Mr. Lang- shaw was one of the coneregation that attended the Confirmation service at the Parish Church. During the service a lady fainted and he left the church without his hat and went across to his house to gat some water. The night was very cold, and when he returned to the church tie was heard to complain that be felt very chilly. He improved a little, but he did not tako any serious notice of himself until about a fortnight ago. lie visited Oldham about three weeks ago and watched the match, Oldham v. Runcorn. That was tti last occasion on which he was seen out of doors. The ehin which had evidently not left him entirely, took a srork2er hold of its victim,and developed into an acute form of influenza. Dr. McLennan had been assiduous in his at,cedance and all that medical skill could do to pro:oug life was brought to bear on the patient, but de ,pite all this he died from pneumonia at the time stated. sdr. Langshaw was well-known almost all over the cola:re, where his business as an employo of the Salt Union, and as secre- tary to the Runcorn Football Club took him. He had held the position of secretary to the Runcorn Football organisation nearly twenty years and bad watched its developments from a fourth-rate position to that of one of the best football clubs in the country under the Rigby code. Before the formation of the Northern Ragbr Union, Mr. Langshaw was a member of the Cheshire County Committee. On seceding to tho Northern Union. Runcorn carried off the new union's first challenge cup, and were distinguished as baing proud holders of the championship. Mr. Langthaw's knowledge was recog- nised under the new regime by his appointment on the General Committee and the Lancashire Committee, and he was one of the select few appointed to consider ail draft a scheme of professionalism. Mr. Ltueshaw also filled the post of hon. secretary and treasurer to the Cheshire County Football Union,and was treasurer te the Runcorn Tontine Society the deceased gentleman had also been proosieently identified with the Runcorn Parish IChurch, and had held the position of sideoman there for ' many years. lee had also been connectsd with the Mersey Mission to Seamen, Runcorn Branch, and had done excellent service to the cause. He was a member of the committee appointed to make arrangements for the Sale of Work which was opened on Wednesday in the Seamen's Institute. The sad event cast a gloom over the day's proceedings, and reference was made to de- ceased by the Rev. Mr. Lambert, chaplain to the mis- sion. His death in the prime of life is deeply regretted by the whole town.

'

-

'

' ,

'

•

===== 0002601_18980422_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

I The funeral took place en WedneSday afternoon at the Runcorn Cemetery amid many ntanifestations ef regret. I A procession was formed at the deceased gentleman's late residence and the coffin was escorted to the Parish Church g.ate-way where it was met by the Vicar (the 'Rev. Canon Wood) the Bays. W. H. Sts'iPts, H. B. Firth, H. C. aloyle, W. Schots', and the surpliced cllair. The latter chanted the opening sentences ef the bath! ser- vice, and when the precession had entered the church, the choir sang the 3rd psalm. The lesson was read by the Rev. R. B. Firth. after which the hymn" Fight the. good Bait " was sung. Tile coffin was then borne out of the church and the solemn procession re-formed. The. route taken was up Bridgewater-street and Greenway— road. All along the route the tradespeople and others showed their respect to the (deceased gentlemen by hay- ing their shutters up, or their bli vls drawn. About the Parish Church, and along the streets when: the cortege passed,and at the cernetery,were c;-)e; . of pe,ml4 many of whom were deeply affected Oe it p i2sed along. At the cemetery the remainder of the iourtal eeryieo war, read by the Rev. Canon Wood au d tl,c choir sang the hymn " On the resurrection morn."

The order of procession was as follows r—First coach,. the Rev. Canon Wood and Dr. McLennan, the hearse,. church officials. Messrs. J. E. Meredith, W. Timmins, J. Littler, J. H. Weston, G. Hewitt, J. Sherlock, W. Milee,, S. Boyers. Choir, H. Branch, E. Key. Shaw, W. E.. Dudley, Hewitt, Pennington, A. J-irilas.J. Johnson, and H. Clare. Friends and tradesmen, J. Unsworth, J. D. Jonea, T. Cooke, W. Cooke, Captain Johnson, Captain Herres , W. l'oatc, T. Bate, C. Dutton, J. Wilson (Losto'ck), A. Riley, F. F. Vaal, J. W. Bazley, A. Shaw, T. Mills, H. Briscoe. G. L. Orme, H. Wright, F. Rocker, P. Rilec W. Riley, T. Andsrton, T. Leach, James Tickle, S. Webster, P. Corns, S. Leath svoori, R. W. Harrop, R. Garnett, J. Parr, J. W. Woodland, R. Moores. Visit. log clubs, J. E. Warren (Torrington), J. 1. Smith, F. Tonna Charlie: Evans (Widnes), J. Pee. civet (Stockport), 3, H. Houghton (St, 114101111). W. Conway, and J. Ingram (Birkenhead.) The Norffiern Nakao wee also represented by several of the abire named gentlemen. The Cheshire Union was re. presented by A. Able.—Members of Runcorn P.C. Messrs T. C. Cooper, J. A. Goodwell,J. Widdern. T. Moores, W. Wright, W. B. Brimolow' T. Williams, W. Pendlebury,F, Hancock, T. Cos, R. Roberts, H. Andrews, G. H. Hoff land, J. Curzon, W. Dunvaband, P. Owen, J. Butter-- writ-till G. Robinson, S. Houghton, S. Johnson, J. Faulk- ner. S. Walker, Dr. Delaney, 0. Hughes, W. Faulkner, W. E. Hough, J. Langley, J. Gorter, A. Taylor, J. Jolley, W. Lightfoot,F. Richardson, W.Gayter, J Stubbs J. F. Jamesont H. Evans, G. Moer.s, T. Warder. (Com- mittee) s G, Waiewright, G. Mackie, H. Cawley, T. Robinson, W. Neild, A. Lightburn. W. Soots, C. Pawns/. (tressurer), J. Ellison (assistant secretary), W. Carroll (representing Mr. Speakman, president). Salt Union : Messrs. G. Surnmerdeld, T. Forster, J. B. Chadwick, J. Bell, G.Millington,S.A.Aston, E. W.Moorfleld. The heame and bearers : Mossre.fl,Hughes,W.Huglaes,j.Clarke, sad S. Abrams. Then followed the mourners including : Messrs. Hitcbmough awl Smith (brathertin-law), G aad J. Hirchmough, A. Smith, W. Smith, E. Green, J. Green t liwirteeiantmhos ou:gii T. Settler, P: Deakin, Branch, P. Saunders, T. W. For- ster, A. Clark (Liverpool), W. Forster, J. Carter,? PAW. The following liirsand fLamaairy.hir afr..a and daughter, adM ea re. and Mrs. Summerfield. Mrs. and Miss Whyte (Stirling)._ Maggie Armstrong, Mr. P. Speakman, Salt Union em- ployes at Runcorn, Wineferd, aod Liverpool, Stockport Football Club, Salford Football Ccub Lancashire Senior- Competition.Warrington Football Club, Northern Rugby Football Union, Runcorn Football Club, Mr. Alfred Riley, , Mr. and Mrs.;Tern Laws (Widnes), Widnes Football Club, Mr. Carroll, Mr. Ernest Speaktnae,Me. E. Booth, Mary Jane and family, Freida- dent and vice-president Northern Committee. Mr. and Mrs. Warder, Rancor* Hornets Football Club, Wardens and Sidesmen Runcorn Pariah Church, Mersey Missies, Sale of Work Cornmittee,Mr.and Mrs.P.Riley.llr.CharlersJ Bawee (Bedford. Leigb)Air. and Mrs.J.A.Goodirsll.efrs. Branch, Swinton Football Club, Mr. Ahire, Peter Riley.. Mr. and Mre.Boyle Garnett,Misa Smith (Wilaselow4

IT IS AN LGONY OF AGONIES. A torture of tor- tures. It is an itching and burning of tho Ekin almost beyond endurance. It is thousands of pin-headed vesicles filled with an acrid flair/. ever forname. west bursting, ever flowing open the, raw, excoriated skin. No part of the human skin is exempt. It tortures, di. figures, sod humiliates more than an other skin disease, combined. Tender babies ars among its re At turner. ous victims: They are often born with it. Sleep an test are out of the question. Most remedi,:s and the best physicians generally fail, even to reheye. Such hi Eczema, the greatest skin hum:mr of mOdern times. If etlfy. rnaAnkvai ?.nrdm' b I at not only re- CS:MICR/Ea did no more than renews Eczema it would be bath with Con. m I ellnetviotle,dhutot "thleiegvraes sttiistudaen 1 "in ak Soar, a Single anO,ut -F.; With 0 ,lITICIIik (oint- ment), the great skin cure, foliowd by a full dose nt CIITICI7SA RESOLVENT, greatest of blood purifiers and bumour cures, is surticlent to ailav itching and irritar tion, soothe inflammation, remove crusts and analogs . permit rest ana RINI), and point to a speedy cure, whoa al else flili. Tesl:c Cerriouße Work i Wonders.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980422_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980422_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INFLUENZA. EPIDEMIC.

At the present time, everywhere, almost, is the Influ- enza. Thousands of patients are down with this terrible scourge which as again visited our ceuntry,and is corn- /flitting frightful havoc among all classes of society. It is much more prevalent than is generally known. and the cases are snore severe than on form,r occazions. saving observed its ravages and its baneful eff=ects on the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with special dread, as a great many have not yet,if they ever will, regain their former health. The present form of the disorder attacks the organs of digestion, as well as the lungs. Nor are the symptoms precisely the same in each individual. Many, too, feel the after effects of Influenza for months and months. To have the microbes or bacilli in the blood even for three days seems thoroughly to weaken and exhaust the constitution. Now, as a preventa- tive, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. A few strong doses taken in time have often proved effectual in warding off attacks of this malady, and al- ways succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Suddeu Flushes, Severe Headache, ac- companied by difficulty of breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chest, under and between the Shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness, or are you oppressed with gloomy forebodings and depressed spirits ? If you suffer from any of these symptoms, know that they ar3 the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to resort at once to an effective and suitable remedy, and that is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters,The Vegetable 'ionic. By common consent patients everywhere admit that they feel more depressed and miserable after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. There is a want ef " Go," a lack of cheerfulness, de- pression of spirits, feeling of misery and helplessness, and such despondency as to be almost unbearable, the slightest eitertien is fatiguing. what was considered a pleasure is a toil, the appetite had entirely gone, and to sum up, " Life is a burden to those who have not hitherto experienced for one day in their lives such feelings of misery and helplessness. The beat way to banish these miserable kelings is to take nourishing food, and moderate exercise, to avoid solitude, and mix in cheerful company, and to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. We can strongly and confidently etecommerd this preparation, as it has treated severe cases of Influenza,extreme Weakness and Languor with greater success than any other known remedy. A few doses taken in time will drive away the sense of extreme helplessness and feeling of misery and weakness which afflicts patients after a severe att,ck. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is sold in bottles, 24 901. and 4s.Bd. each. Beware of Imitations. See the name "Gwilvm Evans" 011 Label, Stamp,and Bottle. Sole proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

TEM WHISKEY WAS Too Sriaoio. At the Warrington Borough Court on Friday morning Joseph Caslin, Boar's Head Inn,was charged with having on the 17th March sold to Ralph Norman, a quantity of whiskey which was adulterated with 50 per cent. mere water than was allowed.—He pleaded guilty.—The Town Clerk prosecuted and said the whiskey was found to contain 50 per cent, of water in excess of what was allowed. The Act allowed 25 degrees of water under proof, and this whiskey contained 30 degrees.—Defen- dant said be had (Illy been 6 months in the trade and was ignorant of the law concerning whiskey. He tasted tt, and thinking it was too strong, he plat some water in —The Clerk : Is not the whiskey delivered to ycu ready adulterated P—Defendant : I knew it was but I thought it could be reduced a ti,t naore.—A fine of 10a. including costs was imposed. A M tr.x-DiaLan Strmaroamax Before the magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on Friday,Mary Barnes, 14,Golborne-st., was summoned for having on the 25th March sold a quart of inilk,which was adulterated with water.—The Town Clerk prose- cuted, and Mr. Draper (Messrs R. Davies and Co.) de- tended.—The Town Clerk said defendant was aharged under Section 5 of the Food and Drugs Act. The offence was committed on the 25th March on which data Intim- ter Norman employed a boy to buy a quart of milk from defendant's daughter, who was retailing it in Beath Side. The boy paid 34. for the milk, which was divided Into three parts,exarained and certified by the Medical Ofßcer of Health to contain 12 per cent of water.—lnspector Norman, and the boy referred to, eorreborated.—Mr. Draper, for the defence. mentioned that his client had been in busi- ness as a milk dealer for nearly 20 rears, and had never had a complaint against her. She got her milk from a Cheshire farmer of high reputation, and on the day is question she receivei a tankard from him. This tankard was taken out at once, and the milk retailed Irons it. Dgenriant knew nothing about the state of the I milk. He believed that the cause of the a iulteration was that by an oversight, the water put in the tankard at the farm, to cool it, had been overlooked, and the milk poured in on top of it. The To en Clerk said he had reason to believe that this was the Cale.—Defendant was merely ordered to pay costs.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR. CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. TlMM—Before the Mayor (In the emir), Councillor Smethurst. and Councillor Roberts. A CM= NkelLaCT Caen Wirrltrmawn.—l^ spector Ble Steer said that in the case of Cathmlne and Patrick Ryan. charged with aegleeting two (Mildred. the borne was now clean and marafortable, and he would be glad to withdraw the case.— lb* Bench expressed satlsfeution at this course being taken, SATtrar aY.—Before Mr. lilrchall (In the chair), and Messrs Hayward and R. 'T. Palrelough fITZALIWG lismaw.— Walter Warburton, of Winwick-road, was emerged with stealing a quantity of straw. mine 2e,, from a yard occupied by Thomas Hamlin., beanie beer main. taeturer, Bewsey-st., on Thursday night. —The Chief Con- stable, in stating the facts of the case, said primmer was aasagedt by Heghes on his premium in unpacking betties. He was engaged with another man for lf hours, for which he received Is. The premises were left secure en Thursday, and the following morning Mr. Hughes missed the straw.—Mr. Hughes said he had eight CAM st bottles sent from Cheater- Yield, and he employed prisoner in unpacking them The straw which was round them was venial at 21. The yard was sur- rounded by a wall six feet high. 'The next morning he missed the straw and animeted prisoner of taking it, and when he moused him prisoner said "Ti'. I took It and gnt a • tanner ' foe It."—lnhu Gould assistant butcher to Mr. Illyneklne, perk but her. Market-place, said he was sent to fetch some straw, which prisoner bad sold to Mrs. Hynekine for Is. 31. Prisoner held him that it was In Mr. Meatus's yard, and they climbed over the wall and took the straw at about 4.30 p.m.—Detective-Inspector Monaghan said he arrested prisoner ha Walker's Vaults, and when he charged him with the theft prisoner said." I took it and sold it for Id." When In the police station prisoner said to Mr. Hughes " Don't give me away. Totn."—The Chief Constable said that was prisoner's seventh appearance for felony, and he WAS au arrant thief.—Prieoner was committed to gaol for six weeks. Dante 01110evr Lalferral3C—James Tayler. Cockhedaa. hue. was fined 10s. and oast or fourteen days for using obscene language inCookhodze-lane, at 10.5 on Friday night. P.C. Carter proved,the case. MonisaT.—Before Mr. T. Fireball (chairman), Me. 3. w ' Hayward. Mr. S. Wright, Councillor Smethurst, Alderman Blaokburst, and C.ouneillor 3. Shaw Green. DattsiK AND Dill. DF.RLY. Frederick Milton. Percival • Paid, a negro. was chatud with being drunk and disorderly in Church-street at 5 minutes to S on Saturday night.—P.O. Reddington proved the offence.--The Chief Constable said the man had only been in town a fortnight and had been a perfect nuisance. —He was lined ss. and costs or 7 days. -- For a similar offence. Patrick Moore. Highfield Farm wiamiek, was fined se. and soots; James Leonardey, 1 Arno:d'a-yard, drunk and dlsmderly on 3rd April, tIned101: Med mots. DISOIMIZZLTIrEag.—Mergaret Tingle, I Lythgoe's-Isns. pleaded guilty to a charge of being disorderly in Winwlok- road on April 3rd.—P.C. Bayne said be found prisoner using the most obscence Enguage he bad ever hear I in his life.—She was bound over to keep the peace for six montlia In one surety of £5 and pay cnAte.-- John glint'. te Bake- house-yard. disonierlyness in 0:d-road on April 3rd. fined 4a. Cl,ugh said he saw the boy run and kick at a door after a commultatlon with some companions.—Thomas Ward, 3 Pyes-yard. disorderly ia Dridgestreet on April 9th. bound over for SIX months, and ordered to pay 71.

sleets. NawspoTS te Tnnuadx.—James Hayes. Alfred Sackett and John Dutton were charged with fighting in If orsemarket- (street on April 12th.—P.O. Reddingtow said thst at 3.30 on the afternoon of the day in question he saw the three defendants fighting in liorsemarket-straet end separated them. ila had to warn them previously for obstructing the footpath there.—The boys were bound over and ordered to pay costs 241301ILLAISICOUS Oltittrfelt9.—Tbe following were toed for various effemms Beetson, chimney ea firi on the 14th April, fined Is ; Samuel Grind'ey, Agerton-tetrace, deg at large unnutzs!ed, Es &I. ; Thomas Dumbell, similar offence In Buttermarket-street, Is., Wad Henry Bridge. dog at large anmusoled in Winwioamood, fined is. including -Poets. ASlPAULT.—liiridget Condliffe. fruition cutter, Diatatreat, was charged with nomulting and beating "Cita Smith la Scotland-road, on the 4th Aprll.—Complalnant did not appear.—bergeant Cheney pro qed the case, end said the asrinit was In his opinion, a moot unprovoked one. -The Clerk: Is it the famous Eliza Smith —The Sergeant re- lied in the aflirmative.—A fine of 5e was Imposed. A 17/pixy,' COinctinetair Stri(r To CiaoL.—Jarnes dont,, was charged with begging in Lyme-street 11sta:ea:lire*, seturdaY night. Ind also with ming obmene In ret,..,..-et.-Thomas Mammy, labourer, said that at theloslignage ulna nn.. „Nee stated prisoner dernaraled a penny from him for a drink. Widnes(' refused, wanidt.pr.biebn‘de r beens d loner- wafting fc'r a"VidPefralticckofinpgrCsoner's.—P.C. Carter severely isiored IV a e gr.- Detective Mona han deposed to apprehending p•• reviy " answer to the Chief Constable). elesid the defendant had a 1 'bean eonvicted 31 thane.Jie was a conierman, and an e,l habitual thief who never work The magistrates sent him-- -su sant for a month with hard labo;nit• sp._Four young men. STA:now I.OITRIEREI 141117-0:f Slanted Peter Seely. John Erwat"'"' William Coyne and ratrielc Doom, charged Pith obstructing the footpath p.O. Lewis proves the In Winwiele-st7. Were A rlf eet en the End P • liallo.-Dafeadanta did not appear. the defend. nt. nee. The pollee •were an Inveterate n —The Chiet Constable said u.se

a Fuß.—sars RIMS Dressed. Cleaned' D. CO Fur alterations of ery descr -1" Manufacturing Furrier. 21, eilessiisw.street, Liverpool. Be- ' tablisbed 24 'ears.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; ,KA;

===== 0002601_18980422_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
an:"

===== 0002601_18980422_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
warned them several times a day, but they Bet everybody at deli nee. Work had been f :und for the defeniants by Ur. Taylor. but they would not accept it. The defendants were fined 40s. and costs each or a month's imprisonment in de- fault (maximum penalty). SUNDfor Garanuxo.—Thotnas Sedgley (16). John Sedgley (14), William Carter (14), Joseph Lawton (15), and Thomas Lowton (15) were summoned for playing at pitch and teas near he Blue Coat Scheel on the Eth April. —P.O. Bradley proved the case. He was on duty In the street in Oda clothes and saw defendants " tossing "on some waste gronnd.—Councillor Straw Green : I should like parents to realise their responsibility with regard te their children,and try to keep them from garnblinr —The Chief Constable : All the parents seem to recognise when they come here is to get off with as low a fine as passible. A great deal of gambling is going on on a Sunday between lads from 12 to 20 years of age. If we had twice the number of constables we could find work for them to do in look,ng after offenders on Sunday. The Chairman The defendants will be fined ss. each. We are determined to put a stop to this class of offence. Tl7ElDAY.—Before Mr. T. Birchen (in the chair), and Councillor J. Shaw Green. A SM•RT CAPTITRE.—WiIIiam Smith pleaded guilty to a charge of being a deserter from the Ist Battalion Liverpool Regiment. stationed at Halifax, Nova Scotia, since Novem- ber 1893. Sergeant Redfern said that at 11.35 on Monday morning be met defendant in Liverpool road, and knowing him to be Private William Smith. as they were stationed at Halifax at the same time apprehended him.—Prisoner was sent to Manchester le await escort, and the Sergeant was recommended for the usual reward.

WEDNEiDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough Oa the chair), Mr. Joha Geddes, and Mr, T. Birehall. Meat-icor OFPAMILY.—John Taylor. a baker, was charged I with running away from the Borough on April 15th and leaving his wife and five children chargeable to the Union Mr. Shearer, enquiry °Meer, prosecuted for the Union authorities, and stated that defendant had been employed in towa as a baker,but left his employment some 8 or 9 weeks ago. He could earn 2.1 a week. In 6 weeks he had only sent his wife 15s. and she had Sys young children to support. tin the 14th April she was addmitted to the workhouse, aid defendant was arrested in Manchester. The family had cost the Union about 30s.—Defendant promised to take his wife and family out of the workhouse and pay costs. On this understanding the case was adjourned for a month. TIUDADIT —Before Alderman Jantee Painalongh (in the chair), Alderman Sutton, and Mr. Hepherd, DRUM(tie CIAROE —Thomas Brooklet:meet, carrier, Antrobus, was charged with being druak whilst in charge of a horse and cart at R3O p.m. the previous Clough said the defendant had the horse galloping along Wilson-Patten-street in a most reckless manaer.—Pined 10s. and costs.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PETIT SESSIONS.

WEDN2lll2.l.Y.—Before Mr. G. Comber fin the chair), and Mr. Ziba Armitage. Do* OWITEILIIN Tssusis;.—Wilson Smith. of Sankey. was fined Ss. lid.. and costs, for keeping a dog without a Hums', on the 16th March; Thomas Adnett, was fitted 71. Bd, for haring a dog at large anmazzled on the 13th April, at Woolsten.

DEITIMENNE.II3.—Thomas Can/lb:4onm was fined ts. and costs, for being drunk at Orford on April 16 ; Thomas Hearty, was Said ss. and costs for being drunk and dis- orderly at Woolston on the 3rd Aoril ; Elizabeth Travis. for being drunk and disorderly at Golborne, wns sent to prison fora month.

Ditmo Wrraotrx Russ, —James Joyce, for driving a horse and cart without reins at Sankey, on the 24th inst. was fined 316 d, No NAME ON OABT.—John Edward Meadoweroft, of Sankey (who did not appear), was tined 11, and costs for working a cart on Thursday afternoon. 24th March, without having Lis name painted on same. RIDING ON TEE FOOTTATE.—Theresa Oldfisld and Nellie Oldneld, of &vies. were ohargei with riding a bicycle on the fisotpath on the 31st inst at Rixten.—Theresa Oldfiell, stated' that they did not take the policeman in menest. thinking he was joking at the time. The policeman said •' Now I have got you," and asked them where they COMO from. Ship told him they had come from her sister's at Cadishead.—The polittaman stated he had a lot of trouble. Defendant's gave their address as Railway Hotel. Cadishead. Ile found they did not live there. He asked Theresa Old- field her Christian name, and she stated it was Mrs. He asked her how long she had been married and where was she living at the time.—The defendant dated, when they were going away the policeman asked them to have a good tea ready for him when he Caine. Re did not lead them to believe that he meant anything orious.—They were fined flu. each.—Edward (*leave was fined 2s. 6d., and costs, for riding a bicycle on the footpath on the 19th March, in Sankey.

CRTIELTY To A HORIE—HraVr FlN,—Darby Corday. Irishman's Cottage, Orford, was charged with working a horse In an unit state at Orford on April sth. John Cald- well. farmer, Orford. was charged with causing the animal I. be so worked.—lnspector Greatrex. R 5.P.0.A., said shortly before 12 o'clock on Tuesday the sth April he was on duty at Orford. and saw the defendant Corday driving a horse attached to a heavy roller in a field. He found it to be a large brown mare in medium condition, In a bath of pers- piration and very lame on the off fore leg. The horse was suffering peat pain from contracted tenders, and also from a fetlock pint. As it moved it had to drag the lame foot after it on the ground. On the offside shirtider he found a large wound measurin three inches by four inches, and the eollar which was oressing on this was thickly adhered with dry blood. He drew Cordey's attention to it. He admitted it was lame and unfit Want, kind of work and had been In that condition ever since he came over three weeks ago, and that his master told him to work it. Witness had the animal released and led to the farmhouse of his reaster,Hr. Caldwell who admitted having sent the man out with it.— 4r. J.Dixon corroborated. Th 9 defendant Caldwell said he had not been working the mare for weeks or months. He kept her with the Intention of giving her !erne light tprlng work. The horse was destroyed thl same day.—Jelan Caldwell was fined 140 s. and costs and Darby Corday was discharged.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POPULA.R LECTURES AT PA.RE

HALL.

MEETING OF THE COMMITTEE.

In the Museum Lecture Room on Monday even- ing a meeting of the General Lecture Committee which arranged the recent pioneer lectures was held Councillor F. W. Monks presided, and there was a fair attendance.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPORT AND BLI.A.NCI SHEET.

The report of the committee on the last course of lectures which appeared in last week's "Examiner" was submitted.—The Chairman said that, taken all I round, the attendance was fairly good. The only room for disappointment was the fact that more front seats were not sold at 2.. 61. If they had sold a larger number they would have had more than sufficient to wipe out the adverse balance of .£3 101. 61.—Mr. John Dewhurst said the great drawback was the cold state of the ball. (Hear, hear.) Ile heard many complaints; the cold was so dreadful that many people would not go to the lectures a second time.—Mr. Tbotnas May said he could confirm what the last speaker had said. Re- peated complaints were made to him. At the same tirce,the Chairman and others were to be congratu- lated on the quality of the lectures,the attendance, and the very small deficiency.—Mr.Malkin observed that many people stayed away on account of the cold.—Mr. Dewhurst : One of the lecturers de- scribed it as " a small tempest on the platform."— The Chairman: It was no fault of ours. I did all I could to get the room right. The ball is always cold fatless it is packed.—After some further dis- cussion on the same subject, the report and state- ment of accounts were adopted.

SIIIISCRI MONS. It was decided that thank+ ancorded to tha War. ringtos Co-operative Soeisty for their donation of arid to Mr. W. H. Blackly for his donstina nf £2.

Tun NeXT COtTeeil OP LIM:IRM The Chairman said they had found it extremely diffi- cult to come te a decision as to what to recommend for next winter. It seemed desirable they ebeuld choose historical subjects They had had a great. deal of science, as well as a number of literary subjects; but from tbe point of novelty the historical subjects seemed to he, oft the whole, what would secure the largest atteedance.—Mr. J. A. Edelsten : What length of course is it intended to hays The Chairman Six lecture.,! think, would be an average.—Mr. Edelsten : The different esiversities adopt different courses.—Mr. Maisie,. (secretary) : I think they vary from six te twelve. Twelve is Galled a full course, and six the halt ceurse.—Me. May ; It is so difficult from a I university to get a lecturer to give you history and cot his story—esch man giving his owe story. It would be diffieult to get lectures that weuld be popular with all Parties and practically useFul to all classes. We should be teenier a risk if we departed frorn the pfreldnlt of haying scientifie subjecte.—Mr. D4whurst : The mixed smeitific lectures would be more likely to attract the greater audiesees.—Mr. A.. 1. Jolley : We cannot have a pioneer course a second time.—The Chairman : The extension lectures are intended for people who don't want to he amused or interested for the moment, but who want information. It has been suggested that the Tarr Hall Consinittee instead of giving a concert every Saturday evening, should provide every alternative Saturday a lecture after the stamp of these we had last year.—After ',me further diseussion Mr. A. J. Jolley proposed that it be decided to have en historical course of lectures next winter.—Mr. Rebhan," secooded.—lo answer to Mr. Flt on Smith, the Chair- man said tbe lectures would be rather of national in- terest than otherwise.—Mr. May proposed that the lectures be of a scientific character, and thia was seconded by Mr. I)o4olllr:rt.—Some discussion followed with reference to each preposition, and eventually, the Chairman said I. did not think he sh•uld bit out, of order in net putties! Mr. May's amendmeat. The'pope- lar lectures were all right enough is titsir way. bat, to him they were not satirfactory. end the committee were 1 sot doing the work they- onht to do if they followed on ' the lines of the lectures *rives last winter and the winter befcro• They started 'genii ;he idea of establishing Usi- malty Extension Leeturos, and under the eircumstacres be felt morally tv,und to do whet he could to Paopnrt that movement rather than the lectures Mr. Mae had on his mind.—Mr. May : I shall be happy to withdraw if the lectures can be arise:red at a cheep rite—The Chairman : That we rg do.—lt was then decided that a COUrell of six University Extension Lectures be gives ms historical subjects tisk wi the Co-operative flail. nter, before Christmas, in

To MOTILFAS. —Mrs. Wllsr4low's Soothing Syrup rr,e been used over fifty veers by millions of mothers for tbeir chit dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer irnmedietely. It Is pleesant to ts ate : it pro- duees naturpil quiet sneer.. by relieving th.• ebild from Pain end the little cherub awake." as bright as a ltutt on," Of all chemists Is, lid. per bottio.—.4drt.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

nIitICKSTSII3 I StMaxv's Demon Driver Bate are the V grandest made. SUBSET'S New Match Balls retain their shape, and kst longer than any other. BUSSES'S Leg Guards are exceptionally good. SUBSET'S Batting Gloves are far superior to the usual class. SUBSET'S Bags are made to wear. SUBSET'S Diary and Companion is a Gem for 6d Apply for BUISKY'S Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters or 36 and 33 Queen Victoria-street, London. Factories Peckham, London; and Braswell, Suffolk.—Advt. 4

WARRINGTON "A" v. LiTCHFORD RANGERS. Latchford Rangers played the Warrington " A " team a friendly encounter on Saturday, on the Wilderepool ground. A close game was anticipated as the Rangers, the week previously, won the Lancashire Junior Championship by points to nil against Oldham juniors. There were about 1,500 pe3ple Dresegt on Saturday, and the weather was of the best discriptlon. Mr. W. Nevins officiated as referee, and the players were as fellows : Warrington : Jerre', full back: Radcliffe, Raynor, Duckworth, and Wood, three-quarters ; R. Rate and Scott, half backs ; Sanders, Fielden, Eden, Royle, Andrews, Cunningham, Wilcox, and J. Jolley, forwards. Latchford : Chapman, full back ; Patrick, Knight, Holcroft, and Harris, three-quarters ; Houghtoa and Ashurst, half backs ; Smith, Thom.!, Cliff, Houghton, I Boardman, Price, Buston,and Meacock, forwards. The Rangers had the wind at their backs to commence with, and opened in promising style. By strong forward play they drove the "A" team back to the line, where Houghton got cleverly away, but was stopped in time. Five minutes of the play had not elapsed before Price, one of the best of the Rangers forwards, was carried off Ithe field with a broken leg accidentally sustained. This unfortunate accident robbed the Rangers of their 'chances of winning. The " team played up better but found the opposing fourteen a match far them. A mull by Duckworth nearly ended in a score for the Ran- ger'. There was little of interest occurred before half- time, when there was no score on either side. The I second half began in similar style' play being very poor on both sides. • penalty kick for Warrington was taken by Jones who made an excellent attempt from a diffi- cult angle. Then Radcliffe should have scored be having la clear run in, but he dropped the ball just as he crossed I the line. Ashurst played smartly, and by a good run I transferred play to the home half, Patrick making no I headway from his pass. Jones failed at another penalty kick. Harris and Holcroft showed up prominently on the visiting side, the latter nearly dropping a goal. • punt by Jones was not returned and Duckworth secur- ing, dodged over in good position, his kick at goal striking the post. Ishuret and Patrick tried to reverse matters but Radcliffe marked the wing man splendidly, and the game ended in a win for the "A " team by a try to nil. RUNCORN v. VilUtl.l4. The last league match of the season took place at Wigan on Saturday in line weather, sad before some 2,000 spectators. Runcorn were poorly represented, Houghton, Butterworth, Warder,and West, of the three- quarter line,all being absent, whilst Moores, Langley, Johnson, and Lightfoot were out of the forward raaks, the" A." team supplying the vacancies. The following did duty for Runcorn :—Jolley, bask ; Abel, Wilkinson, Gayter,and Hones. three -quarters ; Rubinson and Faulk. use, half hacks; Walker,Pariner, Bettley, Darlington,W. Woods, Doran, and Wilson„forwards.lloal—Wigan, 13 points ; Runcorn, ail. "a" Timm courrrerion. Rosman "A" v. Willett "11."--Played at Runaorn on Saturday. in lovely weather, before a fair number of spectators. Owing to the visitors arriving late, the start was delayed over half-ar. -hour. The home team won the toss, and Wigan started. Runeorn were soon on the at- tack, and were left winners of a one-sided game by two goals nee tries (19 points) to nothing. PARK JUNIORS V. ORFORD RANORRS.—ThiS match was played on the ground of the latter on Saturday and ended in a win for the visitors by 1 goal 7 tries to nil. The fr.llowing obtained tries : W. Potter (2) T. Potter (2) Houghton (2) Johnson (1). Bloomfield kicked a goal.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. LiNCASHIRII SICOND COIOITITION.

At a meeting ef the committee of this competition held la Manchester on Tuesday night, it was decided that Barrow should be declared winners for this season. By their victory over them oa Saturday Millen tied with Barrow en number of points, but in June last the com- mittee passed a resolution that in the event of this or rnore clubs being Neal in points, the match score aver- age should decide. This is in apposition to the rates governing the various competitions as they appear in the official handbook, but the striking out ef the tables of the Crompton and St. Helens Recreation matches has lad to a deal of confusion, and under the ciraumstancas Barrow bele& declared champions easy be considered satiefsctetry. It has also been decided that they shall Dia] the Rest if the League at Barrow on Thursday, the 28th inst.

ENTERTAINMENT AT GRAPPENHALL. A very successful entertainment was given on Tuesday evening by the Tennessee Darkies Amateur Minstrel Society, of Chester, in the large room Grappenhall, in aid of St. Wilfred's Cricket Club. The room was crowded with a very appreciative audience. The:overture, by the orchestra, selections from " Tannhauser " was well received. The planta- tion melodies "My old Kentucky Home "sung by Mr. W. Huxley, "Carry me back to Old Virginny b " Mr. Warren Trevor, and" Oh, Dinah Dear" by Mr. J. H. Williams, were rendered with good effect and create I most favourable impressions, and were each well applauded. Mr. A. Blinkhorn for his coon song " The Christening of the Coon " was heartily applauded. The succeeding item planta- tion song and dance "Hurry, Little Children " by the boys, was very ably rendered Mr. Alf Davies' in that well known song, "They all love Jack ' proved himself to be possessed of bath a good voice and ability. Mr. J. E. L. Haswell followed with a coon song "My gal is a high born lady' which was received with warm applause, the singer being re- called for another verse. Messrs. W. Huxley, G. Davies, J. H. Williams and Al! Davies in the quar- tette "Come where my love lies dreaming " appeared to advantage. Mr. George Jones sang very effectively the coon song." Little Dolly Daydream" He was followed by Mr.P.Norman in the song, "The last Watch' which made a good impression, "Our life is but a game of cards' was most capably reci- ted by Mr. G. H. Moore who held the attention of the audience to the end. In that well-known comic song" of laughter. Mr. E. It. Barlow' e rendering of the Arrals go en " Mr. T. C. Vernon created roars coon song" I'll make dat black gal mine " was well received. Mr. G. H. Moore contributed a Comic tirs.eg "The Hen Convention" and Mr. George vevies succeeded with a song "Tie all that I can say." which were all that could be desired. A skirt dance by " Miss Hannah Fly-aboat " (Mr. A Blink- horn) wee most gracefully given. Mr. George H. Moore cowladed a very enjoyable evening, with a stump speech, in which he moat successfully reached the heights of the ludicrous.

DitA.TII OP Ti. HENRI' ESSBNIIIGH. On Sarurday, tile death occurred of Mr. Henry Ess,,nhigh, wuio catried on the business of gone- mason in Nianchester-rosid. The deceased bad ben ailing for some time, and serious symptoms develop- ing Ist.t, week no hope was entertained of his ulti- rth.t.- recovery, with the result that ho paseed away on Rat Imlay morning. Deceased leaves a widow anti four children.

CIAIMUItYII Coo-Ls has a world-wide reputation as a deli- cious, strengthening beverage, ai..et a valuable nutritive fond The "Lancet" says it represents "the stAndard of hlghes purity.; Always Insist on basing °annuity's—sold only in Packets and rins—as other Clocots are often eubstituted for the sake of 'Ars, profit.—Adc.) (2

LlNPirsu COMPOUND (Trade Mark), for uotagba and 0o1(4, •d , no. Sala by Chemists only.—Adrot.

IFALINUM CATHARTICUM PILLS digestive, eorreaLlVO. Mid agrembly aperient, 94.. 130., Ofall Oliernists.—aletot

Reverend Joseph —frolle—J—lnap;oved Mexican Pre- scription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weak no's, exhausted vitality, kidney or bladder diseases gravel prostate, spinal weakness, brain fag and kindred eomplaints—discovered in Mexico. It has stoed the test for twentv-two years. Thouaands cured. Send a self. addressed stamped envelope to Jowls ROOMS' REMEDY Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Square,London, and get particulars of this great Specific free. Mention whether for male er female. Genuine euffererelneed only apply. Beware of swindling imitators and ignorant ouacks.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ZILLA.H SHIPPING COMPANY.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER NEW STEAMER.

It is only a very few years since the Zillah Ship- ping Company was formed by a number of gentle- men chiefly belonging to Warrington and Widnes, and yet during that short period its progress has been remarkable. Commencing with one vessel.the "Zillah," from which the company takes its name, under the able guidance of Mr. W. A. Savage, ot Warrington, the company has had an unchequered career of prosperity, and it has now four vessels afloat, and another, it may be added, is in course of building. The most recent addition to the steamers of the company is the "Sarah Brough" which die charged her first cargo at Widnes on Tuesday. Her arrival was witnessed by a large number of Widnes I people, and as she lay in the West Bank dock with flags floating gaily in the breeze, she presented a striking spectacle. The vessel is admitted to be one of the finest coasters trading with this part of the country. Measuring 137 ft. 6in, in length, 23ft. beam, and 10ft. 6in, in depth, her displacement is spo cons. Her carrying capacity is 350 tons exclu-n sive of 20 tqns bunker acaommodatien. She is to per cent. over Lloyd's requirements in all depart- ments, and the opinion formed of her may be judged by the fact that she is marked " A. I. plus" at Lloyd's, which is the highest position given. Sae is provided with four collision water-tight bulkheads. 2 forward and 2 aft, anti her water ballast capacity is between 60 and 70 tons. A fine saloon heautifully fitted up with maple and oak and handsomely furnished is provided, and there are also a Master's room and Chief Engineer's room amidships. There is further accommodation aft for two engineers, the second engineer, and firemen, and in the forecastle for six of a crew. The machinery throughout is the best that engineering skill can devise. The cylinders of the envine are 17X35 inches, and work It a pressure of 130 pounds to the square inch. She is 24 inch stroke, and about 500 horse power. She has also a condenger and seamless boilers.. Her speed is II knots per hour which is exceedingly i fast for !a coasting vessel. The vessel s also equipped with a steam capstan and steam windlass, and connected with the anchor there is a Clarke- Chapman's patent steam windlass. The Captain's bridge is furnished with first class nautical appara- tus. The Ann Ship Building Company, of Troon, Ayrshire, have built the vessel, and the engines have been pat in by Messrs. Ross, and Duncan, of Glasgow. She was launched in January and her trial trip took place on Easter Monday when a num- ber of Warrington and Widnes gentlemen were on board, and enjoyed a trip round the Isle of Arran. On Saturday last she left Troon for Liver- pool and arrived there the lame night. Captain W. A. Savage directed the vessel to Fleetwood on Monday,and on Tuesday he returned with her to Widnes with a cargo of 320 tons of rock salt. Her performances up to the present have given entire satisfaction, and she will ply chiefly between Lancashire and North Wales and Ireland. Captain Savage who is the founder of the company will be in charge of the vessel. The other steamers in the possession of the company are the " Priscilla," captain, Daniel Atherton ; " Merlin, Captain, Samuel Summerfleld ; " Zillah," captain, William Hulee. At the present time a sailing yes- " sel is being built at Connah's Quay for the company. and it is expected this will be launched early in May. She will be called the "Winifred."

WARRINGTON BANK R UPTCY COURT. --- FAIDAr.--Before Mr. Registrar Ridgway. THomAs Moosas.—For the third time this debtor appeared for his public examination in bank- ruptcy.—Mr. Potter, the assistant official receiver, said there was an adjournment on the last occasion te enable him to make enquiries as to whether the debtor bad paid all beneficiaries under his father's and mother's will. He (Mr. Potter) had received two letters from Messrs. Ashton and Woods which showed that everything that ought to be done had been done. Therefore, so far as he was concerned, the examination might be closed. Another point was raised by one of the creditors and that wee as to whether all these monies had been accounted for. Owing to the long period covered it was quite impossible to trace the exact course in which the money went, so unless some creditor had soma- thing to ask he proposed to close the examination. For the information of the creditors Mr. Potter proceeded to read a document he had received from Messrs. Ashton and .Woods front which it appeared Mr. Moores had received £650 2s. under his father's will, £326 7s. 11d, from his mother's estate, and £28675. 41. from a brother making a total amount received of £1262 17s.41.,be- tween the years 1870 and 1894.-1 n answer toques- tions by Mr Season as to the manner in which he spent the money the debtor stated that he specu- lated in a little property and lost money by doing so. The money seemed to go almost as soon as he got it. He had to pay £3OO out of it to the solici- tors. Asked as to whether he did not receive £5.00 on a mortgage of the house and shop from Mr. Gib- son, the debtor admitted that he did, but be used it to pay off other morfgages.—Mr. Longton, on be- half of the debtor, stated that all Mr. Moores' pro- perty had been mortgaged.—Mr. Scotsen : He has practically been insolvent for years then f—The Assistant Official Receiver: That is .the fact.—Mr Sootson: And yet he has stated that he didn't know it until recently.-1 he Assistant Official Receiver: You mast take it for what it ie worth.—ln answer to further questions,the debtor stated that some of h. is friends bought some of his furniture back toe hint He could not tell how many loans he had had !from Gordon, the money lender.—The Assistant Official Receiver said if no further questions C were to be asked he would apply for the ;examination to be closed.—The Registrar closed the examination. A LOCAL MILLER'S BANKRIIPTCT.—WiIIiarn Henry Harrison, miller, Fearnhesd-lane Corn Mill, Fesrnhead, appeared for his first public examina- tion in bankruptcy. —Mr. Granger represente 1 the debtor.—The !Assistant Official Receiver said the liabilities were only £94. and as the debtor had answered the questions put to him at th Official Receiver's Office very straightforwardly be proposed e with the approval of the Registrar to close the ex- amination. —The Registrar agreed to thie course, and the examination was closed.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN FCROOLB. On Monday a successful Band of Hope entertain- ment. was given in the above schools, there being a large attendance. The chair was taken by Coun- cillor F. R. Roberts. The Rev. G. Barbet tle addressed the meeting. The programme was a good one, the stems includinsz ex pianoforte solo by Miss Marion Weaver, a mandoline solo, Miss Winnie rigot ; song Miss Woodward; flute solo, Mr. Harry Osborne; and songs. duet., recitations, and dialogues, the prin- cipal parts being taken by Wages E. Taylor, Ada Smith, the Misses Davey, M. Whitmore, L. Evans, and Master J. Whitmore. The song by Miss R. Taylor and duet by the Misses Taylor and Smith were especially worthy of mention. Miss Dutton's reading was, perhaps' the most attractive item of the evening. Messrs. W. Ashworth and friends gave a humorous dialogue, "Shaving done here."

===== 0002601_18980422_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
53C1.9.L PROBLEMS.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TAXATION OF LAND VALUES By JOSEPH HYDEB, General Secretary to the Land N4tionalis..wu Society.

ARTICLE XXII.

' We havejust been driving along your magnifleent Elta- bankment. but at whose expense was that great, permanent and stable improvement made I. Instead of being made, as it should have been, mainly at the expense of the perman- ent proprietary interests, it was charged, every hitting of it upon the occupants, either upon the wages of the labouring man ia fuel necessary for his family, or upon the trade and industry and enter prise which belong of necessity to a vast, metropolis like this.—Ma. GLADSTONE at the Memorial Hall, London, on July 29th, 1837. The laud around these populous centres Is rated not in re- gard to its prospective value, which as you all know, is de- rived entirely from tics proximity of phases where enterprise and activity are, while the owners of the surrounding land where asleep in theit beds —adding every day, every hour to Its value —Mn. JOHN' MORLEY at F.dfar on Monday, October 4th, 18.7 C .

No survey of the land quecion would be complete which did not take account of the movement for the taxation of land values. It is a movement which has attained considerable strength of recent years, and is destined to make its mirk upon the statute Book. It includes men of very divergent views. The principle of taxing land has found supporters in the ranks of both the great parties in the State. Practically every Liberal to committed to it. Even some Conservatives believe in it, I is endorsed by the Socialists. A little time ago an imp trtant conference upsu it was held at Bradford, and it was reported that over 200 a,sessing bodies in England and Seotland had passed resolutions in its favour. More recently still the Battersea vestry convene a conference of the rating authorities in London, when it was supported by an overwhelming majority of the delegates present. Al the last municipal elections in Glrsgow a majority of the waole number of candidates were in favour of it. At the recent election of the Lon- don County Council every Progressive candidate was pledged to it. And it was one of the items of the New- castle Programme.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
TRR UNFAIR RIBMPTION OF LANDLORDS

from their t-a-xation is a grievance which the main body of the taxpayers have long borne uncomplainingly. But at length their silence is being displaced by the unmistakable grumbling and agitation which ueually precede important chan ;es. Nor can this be wondered at. For the burden of taxation tends every year to become heavier. And fast though the wealth. producing power of the country increases, yet the national taxes and loeal rates increase faster srill. Under ovary heading the cost of government goes up by leaps and hounds, and no one can say where it ia possible .to effectively reduce it. There are so many measures of , public improvement which await accomplishment that we must be prepared for a further increase in public expenditure rather than any decrease. Therefore the only way of lighteniog the burden of taxation is to fini a new source of revenue. Such a new sourze of revenue lies at hand is the shape of the value of land which has hitherto contributPd far less than personaliiy to the cost of government. The fallowing table will show at a glands how enormously the demands upon the public exchequer have grown within the past thirty years : LOCAL TAXATION. 1867. 1892. Ragland and Wales £23 967,000 .„. £47.439,559 Scotland Ireland

Total £29 257,000 £57,397,737 IMPERIAL TAXATION, 1874. 1884. 1895. £74,921,873 £88,043,110 £101,974,000 In these days of severe business Competition this INCREASING LOAD Or TAXATION Is a merlons matter to large numbers of people. Thir- teen years ago a great rating authority, the Vestry of St. Pancras, sent a petition to Parliament on this matter. They showed that they represented a population of 250,000 and a rateable value of £1,513,910. They com- plained that they experienced a greater difficulty from year to year in raising rates from persons of limited means owing ,to the increasing public expenditure of Metropolitan authorities. During the last half-year they had had to summon 5,895 persons before the magis- trates for the non-payment or rates. They showed that tt,e .rates at present fail most heavily upon the retail trading and working classes, and those who benefit most largely by the increased value of land in large towns are exempt from contributions towards local taxation, notwithstanding the fact that such taxation is largely expended in Increasing the value of the land, especially where street and other public improvements have been made at the cost of the ratepayers. They concluded their petition with the prayer that the owners of land might be rated. In the same year (1885) the Royal Commission on the Housing of the Poor recom- mended a similar reform. They called attention to the fact that at present land available for building in the neighbourhood ef our populous centres. though its capital value is very treat, is probably producing a I smaller yearly return until it is let for building. The owners of this land are rated, not in relation to the real value butte the actual annual income. They can thus afford to keep their land out of the market, and to part with only small quantities, so as to raise the prica lbeyond the natural ntnnopsly price which the land would command by its ad eaatages of position. Mean- tints, the general expenditare of the town on Improve- ments is inereasing the value if their property. If this land were rated at, say, 4 per cent, on its selling value, the owners would have a more direct incentive to par with it te those who are desirous of building, and

A TWOFOLD ADVANTAGE would result to the community. First, all the valuable property would contribute to the rates, and thus the the burden on the occupiers would be diminished by the Increaae in the rateable property. Secondly,tho owners of the building land would be breed to offer their land ter sale, and thus their competition with one another weou!d brine down the price of building land, and so diminish the tax in the shape of ground rent, or pries paid for lead, which is now levied on urban enterprise by the adjacent landowners ; a tax, be it remembered, which is no recompense for any industry or expenditure on their part, but is the natural result of the industry aid activity of the townspeople themselves. Having regard to all these considerations, the Royal Commis- sioners therefore urged that "these matters should be Included in legislation when the law of rating comes to be dealt with by Parliament." Yet, simple and just though that reform is, it has hitherto been withheld. The effects ef the landlord legislation of the past are thus perpetuated through the supineness of landlese tax- payers, who, like the camel, kneel down while they are being loaded. And meantime the day of "the last straw" most unaecountably tarries.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE USN FOE LONDON.

Take the case for London. Before the Town Holdings Committee evidence was given by the late William Saunders to the effect that the total value of property for rating purposes throughout the Metropolitan area was as follows : Capital value of London land £4ls 000,000 Capital value of London buluilnos £212,030,000 The owneis of the £418,001,000 for land pay no rates, and the only taxation to which they are subjected is the Income tax and a nominal land tax, the total of both being less than half a million a year. Houses are charged with rates which average (say) Si. 64. in the £, not only apon the annual value of the buildings, but SIM upen the annual value of the land. In addition to the rates they pay house duty and income tax. In 1863 London paid the rate collector £2,719,272. In 1890 this had in- creased to £7,244,067. And this amount is much greater now. So the Londen case stands thus : Land worth £418.000,000 oars £500.000 In rates. Buildings worth £212.000000 pay £9.0430.000 in rates. Of course what applies to Landon applies to ovary other town. The figures will be smaller in other cases, but the inequality and the injustice will be about the same. And as if the urban ratepayer did not have enough to complain of already, he has been lately saddled, by the iniquituous Agricultural Rating Relief Act of the present Government,with the weight of paying an extra £2,000,000 a year, ostensibly for the relief of agricul- tural tenants, but in reality for the benefit of agricul- tural landlords. Thus were the landlords revenged for Sir William Harcourt's increase in the estate duties,and the urban voters rewarded for their loyalty to their masters at the 3.895 election. Verily a setting back of the clock. There remains, however, consolation in the knowledge that it is only for a time, if the people can by any chance be made alive to their own interest.,

CAN THR LANDLORDS SHIFT THE TAX? It is necessary here to refer to an important question, about which a furious controversy has raved, "Can the landlrds shift a tax on land values back upon the ten- ant ?" If he can, then wherein will the tenant he bane- ptred by the proposed change P Adam Smith, Ricardo Mill, Rogers, and in fact all the economists, agree the a tax on rent stops where it falls. Says John Stuar Mill A tax on rent falls wholly on the landlord. There are no means by which he can shift the burden upon anyone else." This argument always pre-supposes that other things remain unchanged. It is quite true that, generally speaking, a landlord gets as much for his land as he possibly can. He could not get more tor it mer.dy because his household expenses had increased. Whether er not he can shift the tax will be determined solely by the way in which it is to be @trent. If it be thrown into the sea, or spent on war, or employed for sorno new purpose, then the landlord cannot recoup himself. But if it be employed to effect a corresponding remission of taxes which the occupier sow pays, then the landlord will be able to sweep into his pocket as

===== 0002601_18980422_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Munyoio's Mediaal Institution, 121, Shaftesbury-aye London, W.C.. is the best one of its kind in the world'. It employs a large staff of skilled specialists to diagnose the cases not only of people applying personally for treatment, but those in all parts of the country who send in personal letters,askingthe best. methods of heine: cured of various diseases. Thousands of these letters are received every week, and a large staff of doctors are daily employed in dictating replies through the medium of as many stenographers. These letters are received in the strictest confidence, and promptly answered with the best medical advice obtainable. N 3 effort will be spared te see that each case is thoroughly diagnosed and the proper remedies to effect a cure are prescribed. For these services no feels expected. If you desire to accept the above free offer and re- ceive a copy of Prof. Munyon's invaluable "Guide te Health" free, fill out the following coupon and send it to Prof. lefunyon, 121, Shaftesbury-avenue, London, W.C.

Date

Name

Address. { A

Name of Paper

A separate care for each disease. At all chemists. ostly One Shillln4 a vial. Personal letters to Pro. dianyon, 121, Shaftesbury Avenue, London,W.C., answered with free medloal advice for any disease.

increased rent a part at least of the benefit which the tenant would otherwise wholly receive in reduced taxa- tion. All authorities are agreed that landlords gain in higher rent what the tenants ought to gain in lower tax- ation. I remains to he seen how far this tendency will be counterbalanced by the taxation of land values. Henry George in " Progress and Poverty," Bo k VI., chapter i., says : ‘.

- "A reduction in the amount taken from the aggregate produce of a cimmunity by taxation would simply c. equivalent to an increase in the power of net produ f tion. It would,in effect,add to the productive power o labour, just as do the increasing density of population and improvement in the arts. And as the advantage in the one case goes,and must go. to the owners of land in increaeed rent, so would the advantage in the other." At any rate, the experiment must be tried,as it would be a valuable means of cutting down monopoly rents which now obtain because of land being withheld by rich @penmen or speculators. And further,a tax upon land values is the ideal means of raising revenue for new public expenditurs,thus at least preventing any further taxation of tenants. As a fiscal reform, therefore, I support it. But, both for its ineffieiency as well as for its inequity,l am entirely opposed to the policy known as "taxing landlords Out."

Munyon's Rheumatic Caro seldnm fails to relieve in ens to three hours, and cures in a few days. Price Oae Shilling.

Munyon's DyBpPpsia CuP poiltively cnresi all forms of indizention and atomAch tr Shilling.

Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumonia, and breaks up a cold in a few hours. Price One Shiging.

Munyon's Couell Cure 'tops coughs, Right swears, allays sorenese, and speedily heali the lungs. Prioe One Staffing.

Minivan's Kidney Cure speedily cures pains in the back, loins, or groins, and all forms of kidney disease. Price One Shilling. Munvon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness and builds up the system. Price One Shilling. Munyon's fleadache Cure stops headache in three minutes. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Pile Ointmert positively cures all forms of piles. Price One Shilling. Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all i ova blood. Prie,e On St Wing. Munvon's Female Remedies arc a boon to all women.

Munyon's Catarrh Remedies seldom fail. Tne Catarrh Cure—price One Shilling—eradicates the disease from the system,and the Catarrh Tablets—price Ons Shinier; —cleanse and heal the parts. Munyon's Asthma Remedies relisvn in three miautes and eure permanently. Pries Four SWllingB. Munyon's Vitalizer, a great tonic and restorer of vital strength to weak people. Price Pour Shillbsgs.

SAILING MATCHES. A race in connection with the Warrington Yacht Club, took place on Saturday. It was very suitable weather for the occasion. Four cempetitors en- tered :—Mr. Harry Turner's " Im n" ; Mr. Jefferson's "Penitent ;" Mr. Thomas Whittle's " Saint .." and Mr. Chapell's " Sinner" The course was from a point near Hutching'a Tannery to Dobbie's Lock twice round, and meiv.ured four miles, The first boat over the line was the " Penitent," the "Imp, "Sinner," and " Saint." following Nine ascends only separated the four boats. The "Sinner," broke her rudder iron early in the race and had to retire. The '• Penitent," was the first, to arrive, haying covered the course in one hour 29 minutes. "Imp" followed, her time being one hour 29 minutes, 58 seconds. And "Saint' last in one hour, 36 minutes 10 rieconds. The race counts three points to Mr. Jefferson's " Penitent." CYCLING and TOURING ROAD MAPS.—Jorric S. GREEN, Stationer, to.. 31, Brldge-street, Warrington. OPERETTA AT DITCH/VIP. On Wednesday evening an operetta entitled "The Magic Chain " was Riven at the Latchford Parish Room, in aid of Christ Church Parish sehools,by the Misses Broadbent. Brockman, and Meekly, and members of the Christ Church Day schools and choir It was very well attended. The scenery was effective and quite in keeping. The children who took part in th. operetta, were highly trained, and took their parts both individually and collectively in a most efficient manner. The young ladies who took the principal characters in the cast, showed ability and talent in their representations. The plot may be briefiy described as follows :The Princess (as in the usual fairy story), is being wooed by tb. Prince. The witch casts a spell over the PrineeSe despite the endeavour. of the Fairy Queen and Fairies. Eventually the Fairies break the spell by the aid of their" Magic Chain," and the Prince and Princess are made happy. The different songs by the ladies were well received. Mrs. Adams made a very effective and sympathetic accompanist. The performance was repeated on Thursday evening. 'INDEPENDENT ORDER 0? REIHAE/TEE, SALFORD UNITY FRIENDLY SOCIETY, WAREINOTON DISTRICT, No. 4. , The quarterly district meeting of the above. Society was held on Saturday the 16th inst., in the. Co-operative Ball, King-street, Earleatown. The meeting was opened at 3.30 p.m. by Bro. Baxendale D.C.R, of Brynn. The roll being called, all the (Accra were found to be present with the excep- tion of Bros. S. Hall and Councillor J. Shaw, Green. trustees. Delegates were present representing tents from Warrington, Ashton, Orrell, Brynn, Claiborne, L•owton, Earlestown and Peaked). The returns for the quarter showed an increase of 20 members glad also one new tent having been opened at Lowten and £3O being saved on the funeral funds. The re- solution for the consolidation of sick funds came up before the meeting for confirmation. Six out of the seven tents had sent in their decisions and are in favour of adopting consolidation. On account of all the tents not having yet sent in theirdecisions, the question was adjourned until next district sleeting, which will he held at Warrington. no district Superintendent of Juveniles presented his report for the quarter's work, which showed the juveniles to be in a very satisfactory position, and he his remarks he urged the members of the adult tents to take a deeper interest in the work of the jivenile section of the order. The District Secre- tary. Bro. J. W. Hall, presented the balance sheet . for year ending 1897, which showed the district to • 'be in a sound and flourishing condition, there being a balance of £lll in the funeral fund daring the year, and the membership being 638. Total funeral and sick funds amounting to £2,368 11s. 144 tuneral fund payments, .£25; sick fund pay- ments, £462 135.; medical fund payments, £7B 17e. 40.; management fund pay- ments. £BO 15s. 2d. The Official Valuees report , showed the district funds to be worth over 20s. is the ..C. The consideration of the re-investment of a portion of the district funds dropped through. 1 and the meeting closed at 7-30 p.m. I&AZaWATTRE - MAZAWATTRE The Standard Brand ^ . MAZAWATTRI of Tea for MAZAWATTER FINN QUALITY, MAZAWATTHE DELICACY OF Premien. MAZAWATTES newton? ur Sold by HENRY Mus.rv• and Co., Limner.. 5, Horsemarkat-streat, sad anporatio Buildings. Sole Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warring bon Tan DEAN SCHOOL EXELEITIoN CHARITY, NRIVTON-IN-MAKERFDILD. In connection with this charity the trustees pur- pose awarding two exhibitions, each tenable for two years, on the results of an examination which Is to be held on Saturday, the 2nd of July, in the Town Hall, Newton. In addition to reading, hand- writing, composition, spelling, and arithmetic, the subjects of examination will include the class subjects taught in the different schools. Dr. Watkins, of Newton, is the clerk and treasurer of the trust.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

LATCHFORD WESLEYAN M lITITAL IMPROVIMENT SOCIETY.

A meeting of this society was held on Friday night last week when the essayist, Mr. Hill, gave a paper upon the" Gospel of Christ and its triumphs and trophies." The debate was most interesting,and among the speakers who took part were Messrs. Fred Blease, W. H. Ford, Gleave, J, Hartley, Anhui Ford, and the president of the class.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Tan P.S.A. AT TM§ Y.M.C.A. Rooms.

An interesting and profitable meeting wa held in the lecture hall on Sunday afternoon in connection with the P.S.A. society. Mr. Jenkins was in the chair, and spoke upon the evils of war and the blessings of peace. Mr. A. Wild gave a capital ad- dress on" Who is ray ne:ghbour? '' Mr, Woods read the lessons, and Mr. F. Hickman aid Mr. G. Holford presided at the organ and piano.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETINGS OF SPIRITUALISTS.

The usual meetings of Spiritualists were held on Sunday and Monday in the Academy-street Temper- ance Hall. when Mrs.L. A. Peters,of Manchester was the speaker. She gave good addresses at both meetings on Sunday, the subject of that in the evening being "Immortality," suggested by a mem- ber of the audience. She was also successful in clairvoyance. On Monday evening, after the usual opening services and the reading of a ptem by Sir Edwin Arnold, Mrs. Paters occupied the time with clairvoyance and psychometry.

GOOD TBMIPLARY. The usual weekly session of the Temperance Mission Lodge of the 1.0 G.T. was held in the Temperance Hall, Academy-street, on Wednesday. There was a good attendance. After the usual business had been traneacted Bro. Price moved that a vote of condolence be sent to Sister J. B. Colling (Birmingham) on the sudden death of Bro. J. B. Collings, editor of the "Watchword." Bro. O'Brien seconded and the motion was carried unanimously. Bro. Roberts also spoke a few words on the aubject Brother Roberts gave a report of the Grand Lodge session which was held at Plymouth last week. Bro. O'Brien spoke on the report which was ac- cepted. Bro. J. Sheath gave • report of the No. 1 Convention session which was held at Leigh on Saturday. He notified that a committee was to be formed to consider the advisability of having a Con- vention Guide. Bres. Mortimore, O'Brien. Sheath, and Roberts spoke on the question. Bro. Mortimere wet appointed to act for the lodge on the commit- tee. Bro. Roberts closed the loge at 9 40.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS.

A tactical schen;TOr—th7-cYcliat Section of the Volunteers was carried out on Saturday. Captain List,

_ B. Fairclough commanded Blue, and Second —,eu- tenant G. E. Crosfield Red. Red were sent to Great Budworth Church, and Blue ta Daresbury, with orders not to leave those places before 3.30 p.m. The Blue force was only double the strength of Red, thus making it almost impossible for Blue to stop them getting through under the rules laid down. Blue divided his force into five patrols, No. 1. Daresbury ; 2, Hatton; 3 and 4, Stretton ; 5, Old Farm near Appleton Thorn. Both officers showed by their action that they had made a careful study of the ground. Blue posted his patrols at the most crucial points and in good positions. Red expect- ing that his flanks would he most strongly guarded chose Hatton as the point to get through Blue, which, besides being the centre of the area, gave him the shortest ride from Budworth, and he there had also the advantage of alternative roads to War- rington if repulsed. The Red despatch was delivered at Wilderspool Brewery at 4.30 p.m., thus giving Red the victory. Red was entrusted with three despatches, two false to mislead enemy and one genuine from Officer Commanding Red Force at Warrington. The two false ones were marked "Not to be torn up if captured," while the genuine one was to be destroyed if in danger of capture. Red commander sent the two false ones in charge of the Cyclist Sergeant (Millett) and one cyclist, telling them to avoid capture, but not to destroy the despatches, which were eventually Captured by No. 3 and 4 Blue patrols at Stratton. The Red. com- mander, who had rightly divined the nature of the despatches, took the genuine one himself with an escort of two cyclists, choosing Hatton as the but point to break through Blue lines; he was there encouattred by Blue Patrol No. 2, but got through, as he bad a superior force under the rules. A fair proportion of the cyclists turned out, and looked smart with their Lee-Metford rifles slung across the back, and the scheme was entered into with much spirit by all concerned, Captain Appleton and Second Lieutenant Bernhard acted as umpires, and Colour-Sergeant WilcoCk as their orderly.

DRLIMOUS MAZAWATTHH. DIFILICIOUS BAZAWATTRB. DBLICIOUS MAZ &MATTER. DBLIUIOUS MAZAWAITEII. Dainty. Pure Refreshing. Sol i by HYNRY MILLINGE nd Co., LIMITED, Horstmarltat-street and Corporation Building.. Sole l Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington. COAGULLITE. Cement for broken articles, 61. and IS postage ld. Soldeverywhare, Homo al atm:ad.—Add.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980422_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I 16.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
at, B 41 PILL 4 are warranted o mire, in either itmi tired or clnetitutional Discharges from the gieretl'Y Ora ns, Gravel and Pains in the ba-h. Free from 41% Hastoli4hed upwards of 3 ream In boxes 4s. 6d ;tit th. Chemists end Patent illadicine Vendors through 4,14,071r0r1d, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The 4411.4Blutiand Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.— t4Ll4.arm 0 )7,, 'rig gra 'scummy FoB Tax RAIB.--If your hair is •)1.444gg 'y or white or falling off use the MExIOLN HAIR spfor it will , positively r.store, every ease, grey ir,bl,l"lo-tir to Its eriginal C,ionr. It willies the hair kie,t as.VA *dutiful, as we as promoting the growth. •• D4ir hottle.—Advt.

i

===== 0002601_18980422_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
4‘,

MOBE UNSOUND MEAT AT WARRIN6TON.

TWO BUTCH eRS FINED • SEVERE PENALTY. On Friday morning at the Warrington Police Court before the Mayor (chairman), Councillor Roberts and Councillor Smethurst,Thomas Woolley, 172, Liverpool road,was charged with exposing lor sale on March 31st, five pieces of beef weighing 43i lbs, which were unsound and unfit for human food. —Woolley was unable to appear through illness. The Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whttle), prosecuted on behalf of the Corporation, and said that defendant was charged under section 116 ot the Public Health Act of 1875. On the 31st M acti he expo ied for sale certain ' pieces of meat, which were seized by Inspector Norman, and certified to be unfit for human food. Defendant carried on business at 172, Liverpool-road, and on the 31st March,lnspector Norman was passing and oeserved these pieces of meat exposed in the usual way. Ile seized them and conveyed them to the Town Hall,where Dr.Gornall certified them to be unfit for food and on the order of the magistrates, the beef was destroyed. Defendant was liable to a penalty of £2O for each piece of meat, and the Town Clerk reminded the Bench that the onus of proving that the meat was not intended for sale rested with defendant. There was another case hinging upon this and he should like the bench to hear it before giving their decision. Inspector Norman, in corroborating the Town Clerk, said there were altogether five pieces weighing 43S2ebs, The meat was wet and soft, and a round ot beet on the counter, when he took the skewers out, swabbed about as if it was a mud-bank. About seven p.m. the same day, Woolley called at his office and asked to see the meat. He examined it and said it smelled pretty sweet. Witness said " I should think your nose has gone if you thick that is sweet." Defendant said "Do you purpose summoning me in this case," and was told that the matter would be laid before the committee. Defendant then said " If that is the case then there is nothing but the b— gaol for me this time. I have not seen this meat before to-night. I am working in Liver- pool and when I came off the train I met Bradbury outside the station,and be asked use if I could do with a good round of bed and I told him I could do with some fur morning and arranged with him to send it up. I have not seen it until now." Witness had no reason to doubt that he bad not seen it. Dr. Gornall (meaical officer of health), deposed to x-:e amining the meat and finding it unfit for human food. Mr. Fergusson, veterinary Burgeon, agreed with all , that Dr. Gornall said. Mrs. Woolley, who appeared for defendant was given permission to speak but said she had nothing to say. This concluded the first case. John Henry Bradbury, 41, Winwick-road, was now charged with exposing 23 Pieces of beet, weighing 61Ibs. whicii were unfit for human rood, for sale in his shop, on March 315t—Mr.A.Br0wee appeared for the defence. Defendant was not present. The Town Clerk said tbat the offence was on the same date as the previous one. Defendant carried on busi- ness at 41, Winwick.read, and on the 31st March In- spector Norman found exposed fur sale in defendant's shop window, 29 pieces ut meat weighing 6llbs, which were unsound. Ihe same preceediugs were taken in this case, and they had reason to believe that this meat was part of the same carcase, from which the other meat came. Inspector Norman said that about 12-15 ea the same day as the last case occurred,he visited Bradbury's shop and fouuu 29 pieces of meat weighing 61 nate This meat was in a similar state to the last 10U. Bredbury said the beef was his, and witness said he ,iutenued to seize it. Bradbury said" that is the same lot that you and the Doctor examined last week." Wit nose did not believe this and pointed out that the lining membrane was not re- moved from the meat examined the previous week, whereas it was removed train this lot. Witness thought it was not above a day since the animal was siaugh ' tered. Defendant adulated supplying Woolley with a round of beef off the same beast. The meat was certified unsound by Dr. Gornall, and Mr. Fergusson. The same day defendant and his father came to witness' office and examined the meat. Bradbury, senior, said that the meat must not be destroyed as he was going to bring a competent inspector to examine it, Witness promised to keep the meat until 6 p.m. the next day. By Mr. Browne :fle was prepared to say that this was not the same carcase that he saw the previous Friday. Mr, Browne : You don't allege that it was diseased ? No, unsound. It was apparently fresh meat and un- sound because it was ill-bled or bad never b: en bled. Mr. Browne : You say it had only been slaughtered a day. It not that inconsistent P—No, It might be on. sound if it had only been slaughtered an hour. Mr. Browns: Was it not arranged that you should keep the meat until Saturday morning ?-0h no.—Did he tell you on Saturday morning that he could not get Mr. Shawcross the night before P—No, Mr. Browne : When you seized the meat did you see a woman there ? Inspector Norman : Yes. Mr. Browne (calling a Mrs. Floyd to the front) :Is this the woman. Inspector Norman : I don't know. I had aemething else to do beside look at women's faces, Mr. Brown.: Is that a courteous answer for an offi- cial to give a solicitor in court ? Inspector Norman : Yes it is. lam not going to be barked at. DoGornal said that to all appearances this lot of meat was similar to the other and was altogether unfit for human food. The Town Clerk: Are you of the opinion that it had been ill-bled ? Dr. Gornall: A portion of the ribs had been cleverly denuded of its pleural lining. My opinion is that the animal had been suffering from some inflammatory disease. When it way killed is a matter of very little importance. Mr. Browne : Will you .• ,y it was not the same meat that you saw the prer ems F..day Dr. Gornall: I ehoold bey it was not the same. Mr. Browne: God meat will keep for 10 days? Dr. Gornall : Under certain circumstaaisee. In this court it would not. (Laughter.) Mr. Browne Are you aware that some of the meat was sold afterwards ? Dr. Gorman • It might be. Mr. Browne They say they enjoyed it Dr. Garnett There is no telling what people think. Mr. Browne: Is not the proof of the pudding in the eating ? Dr. Gornall: lam here to protect the public. Mr. Browne Could they not tell by the flavour ? Dr. Gornall: I could, but lam not prepared to say anyone could. There may be some depraved tastes in Warrington. (Laughter.) By the Town Clerk: Die beast was not sound when slaughtered in his opinion. Mr. Fergusson corroborated. Mr. Browne,for the defence, said that defendant was only about 24 years of age and had been in business for about two years. He bought this heifer for £9, cud he said it was dressed the Wednesday night of the previous Week to the seizure. That was eight days previously. Dr. Gornall and Inspector Norman both saw the carcase the Friday before. A number of women bad brought por- tions of the meateead eaten it,and found nothing wrong with it. Defendant said that Mr Norman prom ismd to keep the meat until the Saturday stunning, but on that day be found it destroyed. It was a pity that Mr. Nor. man did not exercise a little more discretion and keep the meat longer, because it would have harmed nobody where it was. The Town Clerk: By the Act of Parliament he is bound to destroy it forthwith. Mr. Browne; When it is of such a nature that it would be injurious to persons round about. Inspector Martian : I seized it an Thursday at 12.15 and kept it until 6 p.m. the followiug day. The Mayor : That is plenty of time. Percy Davies, assistant to Mr. Bradbury. said he re- membered this carcase coming in the week before. They had no other piece in the shop until it was seized, and this was the same carcase ,that Dr. Gornall and Inspec- tor Norman saw the previous Friday. Witness sold several portions of the Meat to different people. The Town Clerk : Are all these people living? Mr. Brown,: They are all here in Court? (Laugh- ter.) Cross-examined by the Town Clerk, witness said he would have no hesitation in selling this meat. He did not know any meat was sold to Woolley: The meat was ' sold at 6d and 7d a lb. Witness also denied that he knew ! anything about Woolley having been previously convic- ted. By Councillor Roberts: Be knew Mrs. Woolley and . had taken meat to her shop. ! Elizabeth Ann Stevens and Ann Floyd were called to prove that they had eaten the meat and found it good. Councillor Roberts said he did not see the value of their evidence. Mr. Bre wne said there was only one carcase. The Town Clerk : These people cannot prove this is part of the carcase we seized. Benjamin Singleton, Penketti, who said he had been a butcher 30 years, deposed that be saw this beef on Tuesday, Wednesday and 'Thursday. The meat was very nice. It was a forequarter he saw. The Town Clerk : Was it a forequarter you saw ? Yes. The Town Clerk : Are you aware that we charge de- fendant with having part of a hind quarter which was unsound. Witness : It was not in the shop. The Town Clerk: I don't ask you any tiling more. The Bench fined Bradbury £lO including costinor two months in default, and Woolley 40s aud costs, or one month in default.

B• I IRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED. AND mounted in Glass Cases of any design, HSA..:F; and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hind Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. autterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass shades, Stags' Heads. Ll..binets. Store Boxes, 1,1,-te and all requisites for Butterfly Find Egg Colleeturs —B. tlooxa, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw - street, Liverpool Established 24 years.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
The Danger from a Cough

===== 0002601_18980422_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
is in the weakness of the system. The cough itself is not a serious matter until the strength of the system begins to fail. But when the body grows weak and calls on its flesh for reinforcements it is high time to do something besides taking local specifics.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRMINGHAM, C,OV. aNiRY, and LONDON.

PRICE

oN APPLICATION

===== 0002601_18980422_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
OF PRE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

_For Bit. 7, LIVER .. ACIDITY, INDIC.3-.ESTR.:, &c.

' . ------ -- - --• •• In the organism of manil-rts in that of all the highe The Royal Laundresses -ay Critch,ev s'. STAIiCIR Gtorsi animals, the materials for thenutrition of every portion is nnent.alled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched the structure are supplied by, the Blood. If the blood • linen. to., either cold or toiling water starch. Mr.—. COM- diseased the tody is diseased. " Olarkes' World famed 8100 wail. save :—." My wife will not finish our linen without your Mixture" is a guaranteed care for Blood and Skin Diseases Starch Gloss. " From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dee str,— It is the most searching blood cleanser. ever discovered, and r lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so.ted will free the system from all impurities from whatever fkuillaid sbe. itusrveYdectEsczarene Starch Glazes end Polishes, but find none equal le yours. " ,-T.l.- mese arising. should he used in every house. Sold at Id., 3C%•• 'Nu'i '"• i'l', i Pimples, and Sorl'ea'orof Sacir°l a'lnßarvadelloeuge., most starch sellers. If not hi stock will . procure it. T. I,Thousands of testimonials. Sold everywhere at Es. 9d. per ()emu= Blackburn, Preprietor.—Advt. • bottle. Beware of. worthies. imitations and substitute,— . ,

'LINSEED COMPOUND for Coughs, Col A.;tl,Eti Bronchitis, Of Chemists mily.Adiit.

; C LINS

Courmsn I (mew and Colds, Rid

a demulcent anodyne expectorate bid., of Chemists t.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM INTER FRIDAY APRIL 22, 1898

===== 0002601_18980422_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Scott's Emulsion

===== 0002601_18980422_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
, 1r(it:,...;, - • fok ,`'',, 1:,,-, ~,,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Symington'sdinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for thci:. rich and delicious flavour. Sold ' in small and large betticz 1;4 Grocers in every town. 0 ' -4 cvevzvzvey-tre.e...wm.rz/T.L."1...?..,-Ib

===== 0002601_18980422_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
F

e9tdoe4 it 4 idonf talk

- A-6- , ~-qo . t,- ....:, ~ /4-4:7- • "'l"e\\ ,i...,,,,,•-;:. .isi ~,p 1, IA 11 lllk 'A 4M,-.4 ii ',dr

===== 0002601_18980422_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'Fr(

===== 0002601_18980422_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. ‘1:E115-1'S

PortoT7s PLAsn7m)a

rOC)=l3l.O 0,42.a4E.

MDcirebis3

===== 0002601_18980422_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTAITLY RELAE.TE3 PA.

All Chemists. Wholi

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

Le Depot: 104., Golden Lane, E.C.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
OE;ISIAM'S

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prep ared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, 1.. Lid., and 2s. 9d. each, withfull directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
... 7 r 0 a , li • * 1.4 1 'i.

PILLS ANn, 2 077 T 7-7 - kte

Will Cure

SRONCHMS, ASTHMA, •' riFLUENZ A, .;CIJ(7!-FIS, C0L1),., SOBS AWN THROATS, WHEEZIrri, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, /to. The Oint,ient is a Stire Remedy for

CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUiSE:t SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &c. •Niv OXFQrW sTfnEr. %ON QC-911.

Manufactured only at

78,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
IZOJEALIECX3sir9m

Fig k Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. it !s the most delicious and healthy jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLID SILVER WATCHES.

For Ladies 8/11, 16/6 ; • illusatLion 22/6 to 35/— SOLID GOLD CASES, 30/- to £5. LADIES' 801.1 D SILVER ALBERT CHAINS 2/11, 3/6, 3/11, to 12/6; SOLID GOLD 25/- to £5. SOLID SILVER BROOCHES (hall marked) 80. to 3/11. ditto ditto Namo Brooches tole to 1/6, all are ball marked. SOLID GOLD BROOCHES 5/11 to .£4. ELECTRO-SILVER PLATED TEASPOONS 1/114 HALF-DOZEN, to 7/6. ditto ditto DES- SERT FOLKS On SPOONS 2/114 to 8/11. ditto titto, TABLE FORKS or SPOONS 4111 to 12/6, IIEAPER FORKS AND SPOONS, TEASPOONS (WRITE METAL) from 4ed. halt dozen. ditto ruiSERT F( ,RES or SPOONS from nd. half dozen. Dessert Knives from 1/44 balf dozen. SilWatob' MEAT CARVERS from 2/11 vair, ditto in cases from 5/11 (in- cluding steel) to 50/- the case ot five pieces. Table Knives from 1/. to 12/6 the half dozen. •

22,

iscu;

ELECTRO SILVER PLATED BREAKFAST CitUETS (as drawn). 1/11, to 15/6. ditto Diuntl Cruets, 2/11 to £3. Blectro Silver Teapots front 3/11,. Tea and Coffee Services from 9/9 the k.e. or 4 pieces Ladies' Dressing and Companio: Ces lop. to 50/- Albums with or without usic at all prices to 15/6. Clocks, Barometers, opera Glasse- at Cheapest prices. Dominos! from 3id. to 4/6 box. Model Steam Engines (r ,ketch) 1/6i to 7/6. .Niodel Locomotive Engin. I roil) 2/11 to 8/11 AIAGIC LANTERNS op. with six Sides, L avdp. etc., Complete ditto lager with 12 Slides 2/11 to 17/6 in- cluding rAlechanical Slide, Clockwork Toys from 101(i. Fretwork Tools and Tools in Boxes from 10id. set. Marble c hut] Bronzes, Mouth Orgaru Accordions and Concertinas_, Hand M irrors, Jewellery vid.all kinds Fancy bode, visit

, - " ...ti,,,„......,-,1:444,,,,,,,,,,, 04:,.."; ' / ,r ,rt* 14 , ~0; , Itli . / 0 ,4 4. :1. ' V • :,14. • e‘, ,4401,9!„ -,6,,,-. 'II •\f:f:l- ~..e-/'..,, c - - --------,pyot, e --

. , . ; . • • - , $ • Var., Fi t.agg • 2111 • 1 1 1,1 • , 11WP1111.7,111,,; •0 4 „. Where you can ge

/ \ - a, • .• • China

1-4 .re • as es Eleolo ih-e• , •• • -,' F,* ,71 of st 3 0111 =1 " 4 ' 4, prices.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
DEE-q;)Ts

10, Church Ste, LivEßpoor.49 ,t single articles at whole

===== 0002601_18980422_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18980422_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
-Lams to fin +Maar.

THE INFIRMARY.

do not know whether the street in front of the doors of the Infirmary was intended for a play ground ; but I should imagine it was not from the fact that it is paved with wood to minimise the sound of traffic pass- ing through it. el play ground, however, it is in practice and no one seems to interfere with such a use of it. I pass through tbe street frequently but I have never yet seen a policeman in it to whom complaint might be made. To-day it was crowded for hours with gangs of youths and boys and girls enjoying themselves with tops, hoops, bicycles, and foot balls, and the noise they made must have been distressing to the inmates of the buildirm Its this name of our common humanity I pro- test against the outrage upon the sick and suffering. Nor was the uproar of to-day a new thing, but only a repetition of what goes on more or less throughout the week. Should this letter inset the eyes of the Chief Constable I trust something will be .done to abate the nuisance.—Yours truly,

===== 0002601_18980422_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
HUMANITY.

WHAT SHOULD WE EAT IN SUMMER.

Sir,—There is a very general demand for knowledge as to what are the best foods to be eaten for health and strength and vigour. Men are asking themselves what it is that our sturdy ancestors lived upon, and what it is that the hardy Scotsman builds up his brawn and brain wen, and what it is that the stalwart Turkish porters and brilliant dashing Sikhs and Ghoorkas find to give them the grand stamina for endarance which they possess, and a constitution so sound that they laugh at, and readily recover from, wounds and lchses of blood, which would hopelessly kill off the average Englishman fed on his beef and bacon and potted meat! There is one fact which stands out clearly, and that is, that all these people eat wheat and oats and cheese and lentils, figs and raisins, and oranges and dates;that it is from fruit and grains and vegetables and milk and cheese,that their health and power and vigour come,and not from flesh foods which they but rarely taste. This:is a startling lesson for,our decadenta and dyspeptics, for our neurotics and our rheumatics to learn, that the pathway to health and vigour lies through the use of Natural Food, and not through artificial stimulants. Now it the time to commence the better way. Literature, cookery receipes, and information on this important subject will be ,gladly forwarded free of charge by the Secretary of the Vegetarian Federal Union, la, Ferriage don Street, E.C., or by myself, on receipt of stamped addressed wrapper.—Yours faithfully, J. H. DOWNES.

liusholme, 15, Leicester Road, East Finchley, London, N.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RAGGED SCHOOL AND MISSION.

Sir,—We invite attention to the following statement. This school seems to us during its existence to have been doing a very useful and a very needful work.under not very favourable conditions, doing a work untouched previously in the town. After many discussions in corn- nrittee with the managers, it has been thought wise to arrange to buy the property where the school is held, so as to make additional acommodation and improve some of the existing conditions. This was done only after a careful survey of the town was made,to ascertain if there could be found a suitable place, either for purchase or rental. As nothing could be found without involving a large outlay, it has been thought wise to treat with the owner of the existing property, when the funds would seem to justify such a step. The managers have saved and out in the Bank money towards its purchase and have rotting in addition,which together with the sum saved, will amount to between MO and £7OO. As this is insufficient to justify the purchaseme venture to appeal to the public for help. Meetings have been held nearly evety night in the week and on Sunday we have some MO to 300 ragged children on the regis- ter, who meet afternoon and evening and who probably would not be accepted in any other Sunday school. If the purchase of the property be carried out, it would be In the hands of trustees duly elected, whose names and Character would justify public confidence. We trust the self denying work the managers have been doing and the efforts they have made to raise the lowest and the out cast, will lead those who have a desire for the good of the town, to respond with liberal donations as a sum of £6OO or £7OO is desirable to purchase and put the property into good condition.—Signed, J. CHARLTON PARR. R. A. NAYLOR. JOHN CROSFIELD.

ROBERt ()ARNE PT. P.9.—Donations will be received by Parr's Banking Company, Limited, (Warrington Branch), by the Hon. Treasurer, Mr. R. A. Naylor, Cuerden Flail, Warrington, or by any of the officials holding a book bearing the Ragged School stamp.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDENING OF BRIDG E-STRE ET

Sir,—Mr. Couot!hr Flanry Reborts cannot yet rest he is still so upset in his mind by the illusion that some- body besides himself is making capital out of his position as a member of the Corporation, that he must needs write another rambling statement on the suaject and further endeavour to prove the enormity of the offence, and at the same time to make it kaown whac a disinter- ested and valuable representative the ratepayers have in himself. Everyone who read his letter which appeared in your issue of Saturdsy last must have been struak with the utter weakness of his arguments, and as his own impression was that they were altogether unworthy . of further notice I have hesitated about the wisdom of prolonging a discussion which your readers may con- sider both r foolish and uanacessary, If I therefore tees pass en your space a second time it is with the determine ties to close thecorrespondence,so far as I am concerned having no inclination to waste further time with Mr. Roberts in answering charges which are as vindictive as they are untrue. The sum and substaoee of the whets matter in plain language is just this : Mr. Roberts first accuses me of being actuated by ' personal interests ' in demanding a fairy price for property in Bridge-street ot which lam a Trustee. He next charges me with die- hoaeurable conduct in sopporting before a court of arbi- tration a valuation which had previously lase. made by me on behalf of a client, and notwithstanding the fact that I had done all I possibly could to brisg about a settlement in order to save the ratepayers from the heavy costs attending al arbitrali pa and I unhesitatingly say that this oould have been satisfactorily accomplished if the Purchasing jab-Committee had gone about their work in a proper way,he still persists in his contention that I have been prompted by self interests and guilty of dishonestly divulging Corporation secret, for which he calls upon sae to resign my position as an Alderman of the Rorough. What a charmingly modest way Mr. Roberts has in settling these difficulties. It is really hard to m- idst his delightful powers of persuasion, but thanking isins all the same I really eannct see my way to act as he generously dictates even to make room for so worthy a member as himself to become an Alderman. My period of office expires in November next, and if the Council then thinks fit to get rid of me they Can do s Mr, &beds objects to my recommendation that he should relieve his conscience in regard to personal interests by enlightening the ratepayers how much he has himself personally benefitted from Consolation con- tracts since be became a member of the Coun- cil, but what is more characteristic of Mr. Roberts he declares such an absurd proposition to be altogether irrelevant to the rviestion. Irrelev- ant forsooth I According te his own ideas of fair play ho must have full license to abuse others te his heart's content but not a word must be said against himself. Hew niee and conveeient to be able to say to friend S' Now just you stand still while I 'punch your Mend ' but on no account must you demur or retaliate because such conduct on your part will be most cowardly and improper." Mraloteo-ta again tries to ex- tol himself by relating his impartial cendect in taking a prominent part in a resolution passed by the Council some years ago that all orders supplied to the Corporation should be submitted to public cont.. petition, but he does not tell us whether the fact that Isis firm having been in his opinion badly treated by a certain committee in issuing its orders, had net a good deal to do with the part be took in connection with that resolution. Ido not for a moment contend that it is illegal for Mr. Roberte firm to eater into contracts with the Corporation but I do main tam n that, inasmuch as outside ratepayers believe that a member of the Council has the opportunity of getting to know beforehand what estimates will he required and so has an advantage over themselves—such a law is un- fair and the sooner it is altered the better, but as Mr. Roberts is not inclined to take that view of it be at ll events should be the last one to throw stones. Just lot me add in conclu- sion that I have not in any way acted illegally by giving evidence in favour of a client whose interes's are adverge to those of the Corp,rttion, but that on the contrary it has been bold (and there is a case in point reported no later than this weeklthat a professional man although a member of a cnrporation,ie eat disabled from 10 acting, and althee :h it pleases Mr. Roberts to 'dace nie in the same eat. r 7 as a paid efficial who would be Subject to instant dismissal if he acted sal have done, let me say that ouriug the 23 years I have been a mem- ber of the Council I have never received a penny for any to the Corporation and this Mr. services rendered Roberts knows full well.—Yours. a,, TROMAS H. SUTTON. Warrington, April, 15th, 1898

MiLICIOUS MAZAWATTBE TEA MILICIOTTS MAZ Vale TGA. DELICIOUS ILIAZAWATTNR TEL DULICIOUS MAZAWATTRG TEL Goes fer in brevelag sad "over vsries, 5, 1161_4 V) HILIMY b111,L,110 And VO.. I.IMITICD. sole ~jrsisseketigrest. and Corporation "a°l4asis and &lan Agents fu '‘ardagtes.

STYLISH SPIILEA tiluxtriEßT, PRESSPA3R, TRIM- MINGS, BLOIIMES, &C., &c. •61)},EsacilcrE0 A SPECIAL* ITT," Charges mocsrate.—w wayualS, Sauk eY- street, Legh-street, warrin.stou

===== 0002601_18980422_art0118.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980422_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
3, .7:0, ;47-4!s.

",

===== 0002601_18980422_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR.

Sir,—Of all the developments of human wickedness which the world knowe,War is, without doubt, the most atrocious, and destructive of life and property, and has not one feature to mitigate its horrors. Tnis being so it follows that the men who plan and the men who perform its awful behests are, for thl time being, acting in unison with the evil spirit which holy writ describes as a murderer from the beginning and the fell destroyer of the works of God. It has been computed that net less than sixteen thousand millions of human beings have been slaughtered in war since the beginning of the world ! Mortal thought and mortal language can neither grasp not depict the scenes of wickedness and carnage involved in this statement! Nor are the benighted aed degraded races of mankind who know not the Lord but. bow down to ode of wood and stone, the greatest sinners in the matter of war. They are cruel and destructive enough but they cannot compete with their more enlightened and civilised bre- Wren in other countries in the art and appliances of murder. It was reserved for the polished nations who build and endow churches and chapels, and sing hymns to Jesus, the Prince of Peace, to bring into requisition the deadliest weapons that a prostituted science could devise for the destruction of human life. At the present moment there are in Christian Europe millions of men armed !.th these weapons waiting the beck of some 'kingly or queenly despot to enter into horrible conflict and pollute God's lovely weed with the blood of frenzied murderers. Sooner or later that beck will be given, and then will ensue a slaughter of Christians by Christians that will astonish the world and send a thrill of infernal joy through the realms of darkness. I In the meantime this country continuos to exercise its warriors with some preliminary lighting on a small scale. Only a little while age the newspapers informed us day by day of the atrocities committed by a portion of our army on the weak and comparatively defenceless tribes on the North West frontier of India. These wild dwellers among their own mountains had a sense of independence, and would not quietly submit to foreign invasion; and the consequence was that they were shot down in hundreds, their property looted, their fruit and shelter trees dostroyed, their villages burned, and their wives and children left to die of cold and starvation. And, with deep shame be it said, all this was not the work of barbarians, but of the military servants of a people who pride themselves upon being the most civilised and christianised upon the earth ! But the scene has changed. There is a lull on the Indian frontier. The fires of hell have died out there in the meantime ; but only to blaze out with more tereible force and effect in another r 4 ion. • few days ago the Press reported a great victory for the British arms in the Soudan, no less than three thousand Dervishes having been killed right out in a very brief space of time. It was more a butchery than a battle, for the undisciplined and badly armed children of the desert were no match for the highly-trained soldiers and death dealing weapons of her Gracious Majesty. The scene after the conflict must have been heartrending aud horrible I beyond description. And yet in the very midst of it, surrounded by heaps of dead and dying men and animals, three priests, an Anglican. a Romanist, and a Presbyterian, were found who Were not ashamed to insult the name they bore by performing what they impiously ealled a thanksgiving service for the victory. Their prayers and praises should have been addressed to Moloch, and not to the Divine Being whose name is Love. And quite in keeping with the blood-thirsty spirit of the service was the conduct of" the head of the Church," members of Parliament and others of the gentlemen of England who live at theme in ease, who telegraphed their thanks and congratulations to the ringleaders in the slaughter. With such awful facts as these staring us in the face I think it is time we made a little lowering of our reli- gious claims. It is true we have plenty of the article called modern Christianity amongst us, but alas, the gentle, loving, forgiving Spirit of Jesus seems to be rather in the background at present. If we made Jesus our model,as we profess to do, we should neither provide men nor money to gratify the lust of our rulers for em- pire,nor allow the Christian name to be dishonoured by deeds of blood and robbery on our part as we now do in every quarter of the world.—Yours truly, lONA.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RAGGED SCHOOL AND MISSION.

MRS. G. S. REANEY, IN PARR HALL.

A special effort in aid of the funds of the Warringtoo Ragged School and Mission was made on Sunday, when public services were held, afternoon and evening in Parr Hall. The attendance on neither occasion was as large as we should have liked to see, coneieering the good and philanthropic work which is done by the Ragged School, but in the evening there was a fair cesegregetion.Mrs.G. S. Reaney,of Greenwich (wife of the Rev. G. S. Rainey, formerly of Wycliffe Church, Warrington), was the speaker at both services, the chair being occupied by Mr. R. Garnett, J.P. The eloquent and earnest language In which Mrs. Heaney addressed her hearers rivitted their close atteation. In the evening Mrs.Reaney delivered an impressive address on Paul's first Epistle to the Thessalonians, taking the words, "Followers. Examples,Echoes," as her teat. There was, she continued, a great deal of sham Christianity now, and there were many who had the name of Christian only, audit was this class or people that did harm to religion. It was not the atheist, it was not the sceptic, not the general method of trying to pull down the seronghold of their faith, which did the harm, so much as these who bore Christ's nAllle and yet were really out- side the fold. There was a great deal of artificial Christianity and this would never maze them followers of Jesus Christ. To be followers of Christ day by day they must tike Cerist'a standard as their ,awn. She urged people to be reel, 6...c:ere, thorough, expreesing the hope that the life of the people of Warrington would be et such a character that it would bring gladness to all around them. In the siourse of her address Mrs.Reaney related several incidents which had come under her ob- servation, and which illustrated the beauty and helpful- noes of real Christi 'laity. Before the collection was taken, Mr. Garnett said he felt thankful ter the privileee of hearing Mrs. Heaney that ovening.lt was a matter for thankfulness tis all that there were many in the town who had tried to do some practical service for the Mester in reclaiming and train- ing a 'action of the rising generation at present outside almost any other inflaences. While there was much self-imposed poverty, improvidence and all its kindred eviliethere seemed te be no agen 3y in Warringten deal- ing with the destitute and lower portion ef the people. One of the most painful things to him was the apple. - ance of parents at (loan, time after time for neglecting to send their children to school. Where the weakness was and how it was to be remedied be did net know. Ile had often had Much Milieus thought, and seeeral consultations with minis- ters and clergy of various churches to see if they could not help in the matter. He thought it weuld be a very good thing if they had a ragged day school aed could get the children driven into it. But in the ab- sence of all agencies of that sort they were thankful to know that there was an agency on foot which had for many years done substantial good. It had not made a pared* of itself but qaite a number of workingmen had taken it in hand and done a service to the town, which the town ought to be very thankful for. Fla would urge that those et their friends who were preeent and no doubt Sympathised with the movement, but who could not give personal service should take the opportunity now, of testifying their admiration of the riceerne and their willingness to support it by a very liberal Contri- bution. On the plattorm,at each service,were about a hundred Ragged Scholl children,who with the support ot a band, conducted by Mr. R. Wood, led the sineine witis great enthusiasm. For Such mites as some of them were,their knowledge of the tune was ,e,rcellent arid testified to the careful training they had received.

1> RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB. FIXTURES AND SCORES. POINTS. FOR .A.O9r. Sept. 4 —Rochdale H. h .... ......... ... l3 ...... 3 ii—Tvldealey, la 19 —Oldham.a 0......10 20—Stockport a 25—Leigh. a Oct. 2 —Widnes, h 2......0 9 —Morecambe, h 2l ...... 2 16 —Altrincham, a ' 3 ...... 14 23—St. Helena item, h 30 St. Helens, h Ror. 6—Altrincham, h l7 0 13—Warrington, h 5 3 20 27—Broughton 11, h 2 5 Dec. 4—Salford, h 11—Tyldealey. a 5 8 18—Swinton. a 0 8 25—St. Helens. a 27—Stockport, li Jan. 1-11ochdale H. a 0 3 3 —Broughton 11, a 0 16 8 - Leigh. h 15—Salford, a 5 20 22 29—Morecambe, a 0 0 Feb. s—Wigan, is 12— Swintdm. h 19—Widnes, a 26—Ulvers ton, a Mar. s—Cup V, Brithouse Hangers a 3 3 9—Replayed Is Brighouse Rgrs is 11 0 12—Warrington, a ........ .. ............. 2... 19—Cup Tie—Oldham a ........... .... 0 11 28—,4. Helens a ....... . ................ 0 11 Apt. 2—ollham, h . ... ....................... 6 12 11—Birkenhead W, b ................ ... 19 3 113—Wigan, a 23—Cup Tie 30—Birkenhead W. a

As the result ef an inqu•st at Chiswick on Monday on the body of a married Jermyn ,a eman flaw- Beaufort, described as a lady jaurnibmt, a verdict war. returned that she bad committed Suicide whil' temporarily insane by turnin on the gas jets in her TOM.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, APRIL 22, 148

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

PotrcE CASES. At the Town Hall, Newton, on Monday morning before Mr. J. F. Gillespie, Joseph McGuinness gas. street, Newton, was charged with being drunk and disorderly on Saturday night end was lined 2s. 61. and costs. James R.aftery for a similar offence was hued a like amount.

Cora.rsra 7ATALITT AT COLLINS GRENN. On Monday at the Collins Green Colliery, Richard Cookson, collier, of 55 Mercer-street, Burtonwood, met with his death in a shocking and sudden man- ner when following his employment, through a large stone falling upon him trom the roof. At the inquest which was held at the Pear Tree Hotel, Collins Green, a verdict of " Accidental death " was returned.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SONS OF TZYPBRiNCIC.

In connection with the usual meeting of the Cadets of Temperance in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown on Wednesday evening, an entertain- ment was given by the juveniles. During the even- ing the prizes gained by those who had taken part in the various competitions were distributed to the following :—C.F. Porter, F. Bolton, Henry Judson, W. Smith, Joseph Porter, Harry Jolly, Edith Jud- son, Rhoda Jolly, Jane Pickett, Ruth Pickett.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
P.S.A.

The weekly meeting of P.S.A., was held in the Co-operative Hall, on Sunday arternoon. There was a large attendance, and the gathering was pre- sided over by Mr. T. Williamson. A practical ad- dress was given by Mr. G. F. Clarke, and vocal elections were submitted by Miss Clay Clarke. During the afternoon the prizes gained by the members were distributed by Mr. G. Dring, assis- ted by the committee.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERT AT EA.IILIISTOWN.

On Thursday evening the' " Ladies Choir gave a concert in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown under the conductorship of Mrs. E. Latimer, A. 8.0 0. The room was filled with a most appreciative aud- ience, and the various items being very efficiently rendered, were received with applause. The choir sang one or two part songs in a capable manner, and the other artistes were Misses Nellie Gorse, Wright, Shore,Lucy Holt, Guttridge,King,Stronach, 1-ioldsworth, Sire tt, Thompson and Daisy Mather. Violin solos were given by Mrs. E. B. Leach, and Mrs. Latimer submitted a piano solo.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD DEATH Or MISS PENNINGTON, NEWTON.

An inquest was held at the Pied Bull Hutel,New- ton on Saturday, by Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner, into the circumstances attending the death of Miss Mary Pennington, 59 years of age, of Park-road, Newton, retired school mistress. It appeared from the evi- dence adduced that the deceased about a fortnight age slipped when descending the stairs on the second landing,and broke both bones in one of her legs. She was attended by Dr. Watkins, and was progressing very favourably until last Sunday week, when she had a relapse The doctor was immediately summoned, but she never recovered, and gradually sank, dying on Thursday night last week, the cause of death being syncope. The jury returned a ver- dict of "Accidental death." The deceased lady with her sister have been residents of Newton for many years, and up to about 18 meatus ago were associ- ated with a lady's school which was conducted with unqualified success, many excellent pupils being finished and turned out. Both ladies were held in very great reapect,and the sad end of one of them has evoked much sympathy. CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL, NEWTON. The annual special services in aid of the above school were held in the Congregational Church on Sunday. There ware good congregations at both morning and evening services,at which appropriate sermons were preached by the Rev. Principal Mitchell, 8.A., of Nottingham. Special anthems were sung by the choir, Mr. A. Knight presiding at the organ. In the afternoon,a musical service was given in the schoolroom by members of the choir, and a choir of school children, conducted by the organist Mr. A. Knight, when the following pro- gramme was very efficiently submitted :—Aathem "0 give thanks," choir; solo "A dream of Paradise" Mr. R. Hitchin; hymn and chorus "Joyful day" children; duet "0 Lovely peace," Mrs. Clarke and Miss Mather; anthem "Lo !Summer comes again" choirpiolo"The Shepherd of the leold,"Mr. J. Powell; quartette,"God is a spirit,"chorus,"Praise,"children; AOlO, "Entreat me not to leave Thee," Mrs. Clarke ; anthem" Hearken unto me" choir; duett " Love Divine," Mrs. Turner and Mr. J. Powell;solo, "Abide with me," Miss Mather; chorus "Onward Christian Soldiers," children and choir. The collections throughout the day amounted to £27. HOPE OF EARLEBTOWN LODGE, LO G.T. In the Co-operative Hall on Monday evening the above lodge, held their meeting, a good gathering being present. Bro. Cutler CT. was in the chair, and three candidates were admitted to rnemberehie and one was re-obligated. The secretary read several communications dealing with the Order, and the C.T. read a letter from Sister Grant thanking the lodge for sympathy shown to her in her late illness. Bro. E. Newman then gave the report of the Con- vention held at Leigh on Saturday. and stated that Earleetown' Ashton and Warrington were doing a grand work in increasing the membership, and that the next place of meeting would be at Ashton. Other business of importance was dealt with, and it was suggested to read the" Constitution" once every quarter. The C.T. then presented prizes to Ih3 competitors in "Essay Competition" who were Sister Coates, Milton ; Bro. Barker, Bro. John New- man, Bro. Wakefield and Bro. Singleton. The Sutton Lodge not fulfilling their engagement, Sister R. Warburton rendered in a facinating way " Owd Bone and his goose." Sister A. Owen afterwards ably rendered "You said good-bye." The proceedings then terminated, a Pleasant evening having been spent. The Good Samaritan Lodge, Haydock, held their meeting on Tuesday evening Bro. Williams occupying the chair. Three candidates were admitted to member- ship and Bro. Hobbs of the Hope of Earlestown pro- vided the music. After other recitations had beau given the meeting closed. INDEPENDENT LASOUR PARTY,EARLBETOWN. Under the auspices of the Earlestown branch a lecture was given in the Co-operative Hall on Mon- day evening by Mr, J, Bruce Glassier on " Men who have risen; Jack Sheppard and J. Gould." Mr. Wright, Warrington, presided, and said there were plenty of men and women who ought to have been in that room instead of crowding round street corners. That night they were all looking round and asking themselves continuously what was Socialism doing. Was it making any progress? Were they getting tired of the great uphill fight or were they continually putting on the armour of Socialism and preparing to go on with the fight? At the Birmingham Conference, they showed those people who said that the I.L.P. was dead or dying that they were very much alive and that Socialism was going to fight, and fight to win. Be believed that in certain constituencies where Socialism was progressing, the seats would be fought and neither the Liberal or Conservative party would be con- sulted as to how and where they were to fight. (Hear, hear.)—Comrade Glasier, in the course of his lecture endeavoured to show by comparison that there was no material difference between Jack Sheppard, who robbed the rich to get rich himself, and Jay Gould who rubbed the poor to enrich himself. He gave a brief outline of the principles Of Socialism, and urged his views strongly upon his bearers. EARLESTOWN WOMEN'S CO-OPERATIVE GUILD. ' On Tuesday evening in connection with the above a lecture was given in the Co-operseive Hall. by Miss Mayo, of Huddersfield, on" Cooperation.' Mr. W. Clare presided,and there was a fair audience Miss Mayo dwelt at some length upon the career of the pioneers of Co-operation who commenced oper- ations in Rochdale, observing that amongst the 28 Pioneers one was a woman,and that woman did her fair share of the work in helping forward the movement. The movement, she said, affected the women as much as the man, and in some societies there were more women than men. In the Society ahe belonged to the women never knew that they might go to the quarterly meetings until a guild was started, but when they found out that, as shareholders, they were as much entitled to take part in the meetings as the men, they went, and voted as they considered best. Seeing that women had the power she contended they ought to know how their money was going to be spent. She insis- ted that Co-operative women ought not to buy any- thing hut what was made and manufactured by the Co-operative Society. Cs-operation provided that a fair wage should be given to those who supplis,i things to the Stores, and 50,000 or 60.000 men and women were engaged up and down the country manufacturing goods for sale at the Storee. There was no Pens", she said, in keeping a shop and buy- ing their goods at the shops of private traders. Every co-operator should bee that every single thing they wore and ate, and what. they had in their houses, had get the letters " C.W.S." upon thein,and should see that they did not buy goods provided by the sweater( At the close a vote of thanks was accor- ded Miss Mayo for her address.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN

PT AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.] The way in which the sanitary department in this district deal with the ash pit refuse calls forth serious comment. Only the other day I noticed a man behind a long row of houses hauling out boxes of refuse from their receptacles,and leaving them exposed to the wind and sun for sonte length of time,before the cart came round to gather them up. What made it appear worse,all along the row the women were performing the weekly wash and their lines were filled with snow white clothes. The men,howerer, cared nothing for this, and when the cart arrived the boxes were emptied into it,and the dust was carried by the wind in all directions,chiefly upon the clothing referred to. Women, generally, are not given to swearing,but they used very strong language on this occasion,aud the men engaged had a fairly warm time of it. I think matters could be arranged a little better than this,and a more suita- ble time chosen for emptying the boxes.

At the annual meeting of tl.e Council on Monday, Mr. Borron was again appointed chairman for the next 12 months. This is just as it ought to be, for there are many things under the consideration of the Council which should be dealt with under the chairmanship of Mr. Borron. The most important of these, perhaps, is the water question which has been on the carpet for some length of time now. Mr. Borron says the committee will be prepared to lay their scheme before the Cornell shortly. It will be an interesting document no doubt.

What do the Council intend doing in regard to the proposed visit of 11.ELEI. Prince of Wales to Gate- wood on the 17th May next? They are careful to keep all the information regarding their intentions to themselves. I suppose the usual waste paper in the form of an address will be presented to the Prince, and there will be the usual congratulations and welcome,always supposing that the Prince will accept one. What a honour for our worthy coun- cillors! Nobody can tell what may happen, one or two may possibly be knighted on the spot—Per- haps !

===== 0002601_18980422_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URB k.NI DISTRICT COUNCIL.

ANNUAL NIEETING.

The annual meeting of the above Council was held in the Board Blom, Town Hall, Eirlestown, on Monday afternomn. There were present Messrs. C. B. F. Barton, Collingwcod, Ernraett, McMahon, Wood, Dr. Patterson, Simpson.Orenand, Beatty, Stone, Evans, Thompson, and Forster with Mr. W. W. Shirley, (clerk). Mr. Borron apologised for the absence of Mr. Gilmour through ill- health.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF CHAIRMLN.

The first business before the meeting was to elect a chairman for the ensuing year. Mr. Stone said he had the greatest pleasure in propos- posing Mr. Herron as chairman for the year. It was quite unnecessary for him to add any words of his in re- commendation, as Mr. &won's service; sufficiently re- commended him to the members present,both in his ca- pacity as chairman of the Board and as a member of the various committees. He had served in every position with unremitting attention, and he always took the deepest interest in wnatever business was before him. He (Mr. Stone) thoueht he would not only be expressing the sentiments of the Council but of every rateoayer,in proposing that Mr. Horton again occupy the chair. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Colliegwool seconded, and endorsed what Mr. Stone had said. As vioe-ohairman he bad been brought in close contact with Mr. B)rron, and he was confident that they eaulu not do better than re-elect him. Hader all circumstances, in the present condition of affairs and with the various schemes in process, they could not 05 better advised than in asking eir.Borron to stand again. (Applause.) Mr. Emmett said he supported the resolution for one or two reasons. The first reason was that there were in preparation the water scheme,the gas works extensions, and the street making,which had had a great deal of the attention of the Council, but which, so far as his know- ledge went. had none of them been really carried out yet. When they should come to the end of them re- mained for this Council or some other Council to see. Three years ago it was promised by several members of the Board, that they were going to have water at half the present prices, streete were going to be almost paved with gold in comparison to what they had been. With reeard to the gas works, well, he did not know what they were going to have there but some reformation from previous years. Seeing that Mr. Marron had had these matters in hand, and would perhaps during his next period of office be able to see some of them completed, these were the speaker's reasons for supporting the election of Mr. Her- ron. He might just say with regard to the water scheme, that a good many complaints had been made as to the scarcity of water, but this was not due to the London and North-Western Railway. Some 18 months ago Mr. Webb offered to lay a new main to Newton Bridge in order to give the Council a better supply of water. The Council then began to form some other scheme and was going in to supply the town with water at less price. They had not arrivad at that stags yet and therefore any fault rested entirely with the Council and not with the Railway Company. The election was unanimously confirmed. Mr. Borten then took the chair and tetanked the mem- bers for again electing him to the office, which,he might say, was no sinecure. He thought himself that three years was a very long period te serve but he was quite willing and agreeable to devote another year to the ser- vices of this Council. With reference to the various points rtientirmed by Mr. Emmett he might say that although publicly little or nothing might be seen actively being done with the various schemes brought forware for the advancement of the district, they had been con- etantly and attentively worked out by sub-committees. Hs thought that with regard to the Gas Works the com- mittee Was prepared to lac a full scheme before them, and which would increase the production of the Gee Works to double the present capacity. This would meet all requirements for many years to come. With regard to the water, as Mr. Emmett bad explained, they had had many complaints of the deficient supply. The committee having this matter in hand had about completed all its work, and would at an early date,—within the next month ptebsbly—be in a position to lay their scheme before the Council. The work of the Highway's Committee had been retarded, with regard to street making, by the Local Government bard. This district was no exception to the difficul- ties which were thrown in the way by the Board upon districts of this nature. There were many urban dis- tricts in Lancashire and other parts of the country, which were retarded in their work of street making and improvements by the Local Government Board,owing to sewerage schemes. What that sewerage scheme in their CUE was, no one seemed yet to have ascertained, and it would be a difficult matter for the Chairman of the Highways Committee to adopt some scheme that would be advantageous to the district and also fulfil the re- quircinents of the Local Government Board. There was nothing he need say further, but he wished all these schemes to be thrashed out. Full information would be given the Council and he hoped that this year would not only see the commencement of these scheme; but also their completion. He again thanked the Council for the honour they had done him in placing him in the chair, and he would endeavour to uphold the dignities of the office in the bast possible manner. (Hear, hear, and applause).

Tha ViCH-CHAISMAN. Mr. F. Wood s %id he had great pleasure in propasing Mr. Coiling wood as viCe-chairman. On the very f.ew occasions that he had had the opp/rtunity of presiding ovrr thl Council,Mr. Collingwood had always conducted the business with credit and to the satisfaction of the Council. (near, hear.) Mr. Simpson seconded and the proposition was carried unanimously. Mr. Collingwood : I thank you gentlemen, for the ap- pointment.

COMMITTEES. Mr. Thompson moved the appointment of all the £Ol- lowing committees :—Cemetery mitts", gas and water committee. general purposes and parliamentary committee, highways and sanitary com- mittee, school attendance committee, technical instrucn - lion committee. committee, liaance com-

Mr. Wood seconded, and remarked that he could not again accept the position of chairman of the School Attendance Committee. The motion was carried. DATF...9 OF MIMING& The Chairman said that the next bueiaes9 coa3 to fis the dates of the monthly meetings of the Council. The Clerk had 'rude out a list of dates for the monthly meet- inns.

Mr. Stone : Aro those dates the first Monday in each month.

The Clerk : Yes, except in the Case Of a Bank Holiday when the second Monday is fixed upon. The days for Committee meetint,s are the third Monday in each month, except when there are fire Mondays in the month, and then it will be the fourth Monday. They are the same as last year. Mr. Ortnana moved that the ordinary monthly meet- inv. be hall on the days mentioned at 4 o'clock in the aftvrnoon.

_ Mr. stove seconded, and It was agreed toy. On the motion of Mr. Collingwood, seconded by Mr. MeMahon, It was agreed that the Committ.e meetings be held on the days stated by the Clerk at 230 p.m. This was all the business nf public interest.

For NAYI BROOCH, solid silver name brooches 10d. any name (Government stamped. Presents or Articles for you-self, you may visit DIIBBRI"S. 10. CHURCH-ST 'BHT. LIVIIRPOOL, where you can yet hundreds of articles sue- Pocket Knives. etc .at wholesale prices. See advertisement Bleotro-Plate. Cut ery,Purses. aqsll7:B:ted"' oChlorcokneograpb Wash. th. lid., aid.) tuts Paper.— Sikt. on page 7 of

===== 0002601_18980422_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL VESTRY MEETINGS.

HALTON PARISH CHURCH.

The annual vestry meeting was held in the Girls' School on Thursday evening—the Vicar (Rev. G. D. Wray) presiding. There was a good atteedance ot parishioners, including : Messrs. Joseph Stokes, J. Walker (Hall Wood), A. Fryer, J. Hancock, P. Wright, A. Povey, R. Price, B. Haddock, Rogerson, Hollings- worth, J.S. Jeacock, &o.—Tne Vicar alluded to the gift of the reredos which had been placed in the chureh by Lady Brooke. The collections had increased from £77 10s. 31. in 1894-5 to £lO6 10s. 6d. in the past year. He then nominated Mr. Joseph Stokes as the Vic] r's warden, and Mr. Fryer was unanimously elected parish warden. It was stated that Mr. Fryer had been a member of the Halton choir for upwards of thirty years. The following gentlemen were elected sidesmen : M.ssrs. P. Wright, J. Allman, Hollingsworth, 3. Percival, Rogerson, T. Barker, H. Withington, Buckley, J. Acton. A. Povatt, Harrison, T. Potter, Roland Jeacock, B. Haddock and R. P rice.—Messrs. Hultne and Fryer were appointed lay representatives. The churchwardens' accounts were pro seated, and showed receipts £B5 15s. 7d., expenditure £B4 21. sd., leaving a balance in hand of £1 12s. 11d.—The acccoants were approved, on the proposal of Messrs. Hancock and rhomasen.—Votes of thanks were accorded te Lady Br.) ice for flowers, and to the wardens and sidesmen, and L.: the organist (Mr. Jeacock) and the choir for their services dring the past year.—A similar compliment to the Vicar for presiding concluded a pleasant and har- monious meeting. ST. JAMES' CHURCH, HAYDOCK. AN OPEN AIR VESTRY MEETING.

It will be remenbered that last week after the pro- ceedings in connection with the vestry meeting in the schoolroom in connection with St. James' Church, Hay. desk, an adjo Jrnment was made for a week,the meeting te be held in the church vestry. Shortly before seven o'clock' Mr. John Robinson, parishioners' warden,with a number of the parishioners, assembled at the church,but they found all the doers lacked. Accordingly the meet- ing was held in the churchyard, Mr. Robinson taking up a position on the vestry steps, and presiding over the gathering. He said the meeting had been called by proper and legal notice at their request last Thursday nicht. He read the notice, which was dated April leth, 18911 and signed "John Robinson, parishioners' warden." The notice was duly posted on the church door on Sun- day morning last, and was seen by a large number of the people who were present there that night. Think- ing that some mischievous individual might take the nstice dawn he wrote out a mend one,and requested one of his sidesmen to take it to the church at six o'clock on Sunday evening and post it in the event of the first notice having been taken down, They found the first notice had been taken by someone, but were unable to say by whom. They posted the second notice and Mr. Cunliffe at 8.15 came into the porch, saw the notice and took it down. He thought they would agree with him that the conduct of Mr. P. Cunliffe was very reprehen- sible ; it Was extremely bad taste on his part to have taken down the notice. At any rate, he (Mr. Robinson) was satisfied the notice was a properly legal notice, pro- perly posted and had fulfilled all its requirements. The taking down of the notice only showed the bitter ani- mosity of the Vicar and his friends. They came there that night to hold that meeting, and they found every door locked In spite of the fact that the churchwardens were expected to see that nothing of an unseemly char- acter took place in the church, Mr. Ireland thought it right and proper to have the doors locked. He, Mr. Robinson, had been to the present cars-taker and church cleaner, who said that she had given the keys to somebody else and she did not know where they were.—A voice " Mr. Ireland is in the school."— Mr. Robinson said he had heard that before. He had been to the school and found every door locked. Last Tuesday week Mr P. Cunliffe waited upo3 him and de- sired him to fill up the Archdeacon's paper, which was to certify that the Vicar had properly conducted the ser- vices of the church, and had properly hahited himself whilst performing the services, and in addition the war dens were asked to say whether there was anything else they would like to mention. Mr Cunliffe and himself spent two hours over it, and filled it ill honestly and truthfully, and to the best of their ability, and after two hours Mr. Cunliffe signed it along with himself. The same night, Mr. Cunliffe met him in the street, and said he had no right to sign tho paper, and that he burnt it. (" Shame "). When they put all those facts together he thought they would come to the conclusion that it was about time the law was altered so that those people who kept and maintained the Established Church could have a solid voice in conducting the church in a proper man- ner. (Hear, bear). lie had received a notice from Mr. Hilton that he intended to move at the adjourned meet- ing a vote of protest against illegal ornaments and cere- monies practised in Haydock Parish Church. Mr. Hilton moved the foregoing, and Mr. J. T. Fair. huret seconded, and it was carried unanimously. Mr. I. Wright understood that the Archdeacon's paper Was burnt, and if that was 80 he had great pleasure in 'moving that another be filled up by the peoples' warden and signed by the sidesnaen and any other respectable parishioner, and sent to theßishcp. There were a lot of illegalities practised in the Church. Mr. Stevens seconded, and the motion was carried. The meeting then proceeded wi' h the election of parishioner's warden, sidesmen, &1., and resulted as follow :—Mr. Jahn Robinson, parishioner's warden; sidemen, Messrs. J. T. Fairhurst, J. Hilton, T. Stevens, E. Jenkins, W. Smailes ; siclesmen for St. Alban's Mis- sion, Messrs. Joseph Richardson, E. Norcross. I. Wright, Joseph Littler, R. Gregory ; lay representatives to the Diocesan Conference, Messrs. Robinson and Hilton. A vote of thanks having been accorded the Chairman, the meeting dispersed.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
TFIE FINAL FOR TtlE WARRINGTON

CUP TICTORY OF NEWTON.

More than usual interest was taken in the final tie for the above cup which was played on the ground of St, Elphin's, Dalton Bank, Warrington, on Saturday after- noon. There was an attendance of nearly 4,000. Both teams had a large number of supporters. Mr. Lewis, of Penketh, was the referee, and his decisions gave every satisfaction.

John Foster kicked off and the Cheshire men by clever passing were the first to attack. Laithwaite cleared, but another led by Bailey and Marsh effected a fine clearance. Good passing by Bell was taken up by Houghtontand though Stanley checked the Newton cen- tre when he looked dangerous another raid led by Lee was instrumental in fercing Tideswell to concede a corner. Newt on were now playing with considerable dash, and after " hands " hid been conceded against Houghten,Newton by superior tacties get within measurable distance of Tideswell. Stanley was again prominent with corns powerful kicking, but Rase was weak, and Hayes feeding Morrisay judiciously the Wit- ton men had again to fall back. A sharp visit was paid to the Nowtea ,ad, and Marsh dealt with a snot by Kettle. Lee and Butler responded, and Tideswell had little chance with an oblique shot sent in by Morrisey. Stimulated by this success Newton again made matters warm. Tideswell was called upon to deal with shots from Houghton and Hill. Witton next had a turn, but their shooting at close quarters was very erratic, and Marsh had little difficulty in deal- ing with the shots sent in by Done and Foster. Marsh was again the saviour of his side in dealing with a hot fusilade of the Cestrians, and Foster shot widely behind. Newton passed well and Butler almost scored from a long shot. Witton again got dawn just before the in- terval, but Marsh cleared splendidly, and at half-time Newton led by one goal to nil. The second half opened in sensational style, for imme- diately on the restart the Witton centre placed the aids on equal terms. Newton respanded,and from a"bully" lU front of goal Rowbotham gave the Lancashire men the lead. Nothing daunted,the Wittonians played up pluckily and a speedy run by Joe Foster culminated in Marsh having little chance with a shot from Done's foot. N‘sw- ton sacred twice in quick succession, and though Wit- ten made a gallant effort to get on equal terms, it was not until a minute before the cessation of hostilities that Marsh was defeated. Nesatna defended well, and the final result was Newton-le-Willows, four goals ; Witton Albion, three goals. A PROTEST LODGED. Since the match, Witton Albion have lodged a protest with the Warrington and District Association on the ground that Richard Lee. one of the Newton players, was ineligible. The protest will be considered to-night (Friday) at a meeting of the committe in the Roebuck I Hotel, Bridge-street.

THE CHRISTIAN BRETHRRN, EARLESTOWN, On Tuesday night a tea and lantern lecture was held in the Meeting Room of the above Society as a wind up of the season of the Mutual Improvement Class. About 30 eat down to an excellent tea the tables being presided over by Miss Eckersley, Mrs. Siret,and Mrs. Broster. After tea the room was cleared and a very interesting lecture was given by jr. Crook,of Wigan, on" Burmah ; the religion and customs of its people," illustrated by limelight views. Mr. Harrison introduced the lecturer and said that Mr.Croek had been 400 miles up the Irra- waddy river to locate the missionaries sent out by the Christian Brethren. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Crook,the lecturer, and also to Mr. J. U. Graham, who had charge of the lantern.

===== 0002601_18980422_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

The meeting of this society hi Wycliffe Church on Sun- day afternoon was presided over by Mr. T. Taylor, of Warrington. In the course of a brief address he spoke on the value of personal infltrwce. Mr. Baker, of Roch- dale, was the speaker for the afternoon and delivered an excellent address en "True Christian Manhood." An organ solo was very effectively rendered by Mr. W. H. Payton. The service was also taken part in by Mr. Bristow, Mr. Bayley, and Mr. Farrar.

NOTES ON GAMES AN.) stiTEILETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

The only attraction at Wilderspool on Saturday, was a match between local teams, Latchford Ranger( paying the "A " team a visit. This fixture was a rather inter- esting one as the Rangers have leaped into fame during the past month by carrying off the championship of Lan- cashire Junior Football, It is some satisfaction to know that there is yet a Warrington team capable of winning some sort of championship. Notwithstanding this the gate was smaller than was expected, and the majority of those present seemed to be Latchford partizans. The regular crowd appeared to prefer their coppers to seeing anything in football below first-class form.

Latchford Rangers are a burlier lot than I imagined and possess a fine set of forwards. They easly showed superiority in the scrimmages, and pushed the " A " team about in a fashion the latter are not accustomed to. When it seemed certain that a score would not be long delayed, a most unfortunate mishap betel Price,one of the strongest members of the Rangers' front rank. By some means or other he got his leg broken, and had to be taken from the field in a cab. Apart from a feeling of sorrow fer Price, the crowd were disapp Anted because of the inequality of the teams caused by the accident. Instead of seeing a trial of strength between the two teams, the Rangers' fourteen bad to nsake the beet show tney could against the" A "team's fifteen.

Though thus handicapped the Latchford:lads made a very good fight of it. and their opponents were fortunate in winning by a try to a nil. Play on both sides was far below what was expected, indeed neither team gave a true indication of their abilities. Passing was very poor and altogether the game was a disappointing one. It was wall in the second half before Duckworth scored for the "A" team and gave his side the victory. Jones was about the best man in the home team, and Raynor the worst. The others were very moderate. Ashurst, Rot- croft, and Houghton rendered the mast prominent ser- vices for the Rangers.

The work's competitioa has been a great success so far,and the crowds which have locked down to the Wil- derspool ground have been far in excess of previous years. some very good fights have been witnessed, and the play of some of the works' teams has been of a smart description. We have now got to the semi-finals, the first of which was played last evening between Pear- son and Knowles' aud Cheshire lines.

Oldham have won the championship of the Lancashire Senior Competition, and in no half-hearted fashion. At one time Swinton threatened to run their great rivals desperately des., but the brilliant victory Oldham gained over the" dark blues in the return engagement quite altered the aspect of affairs, and since then the progress of the leaders has been one continued triumph. Saturday was an eventful day to beth clubs, though few had any doubt as to the ultimate result. Thus if Swin- ton won at Widnes and Oldham suffered defeat by Tyl- desley the points would have been level. As might have been expected, however, quite the contrary happened. Oldham gaining& splendid victory, whilst Swinton suffered defeat by 5 points to 3. Looked at from every point of view, ttle record of the champions is a fine one. To have scored 47 points oat of a possible 52 is an achievement of which any club may be proud, and the disappointments suffered last season and the season before have now been amply atoned for.

The results in ths Lanolshire Leave. iuclucltng last Saburday's mAtches, are:as follows :

- For. Agit. P. W. L. B. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Oldham 26...23... E... 1...35 75-295...17 19— 91_47 Swinton 28...20... 3... 3...33 85-321...16 17— 83...43 Widnes 24 .18. 5... 1-35 57-241_12 27-105 ..37 *Salford 26...18... 7... 3-28 73-27b...25 44-18 E-33 Broughton Rgrs 25...13... 8... 4...3J 41-183...16 23-01...30 Wigan 26-11-14— 1-20 28-124...22 43-173...23 St Helens 26...10...14... 2...19 41-161...30 44-192...22 *Leigh 25...10...13... 2...32 25-169-22 42-170 ..20 Runcorn 26 9...15... 2...20 34-142...29 42-184...20 Warrington 25. 9...14... 2...13 32-122...25 41-173...20 Stockport 26. 8...16... 1..26 34-154...32 63-263...18 Tyldesley.. 26. 8...17... 1...15 27-111...34 71-281-17 Rochdale H'rnets2s... 7.. 19... 9...25 32-148...29 63-247 14 Morecambe 25... 4...19... 2...13 15— 71-35 713-280.-11 *Leigh anti Salford have each had two points deducted for playing ineligible men.

Widnes nicely revenged themselves on Swinton for that licking of a few weeks ago. True they only. won by a goal-kick but the fact remains that the Swinton- tans lost, and Widnes now share with Warriogton and Oldham the honour for being the only clubs to beat the " Lions " this season. If Oldham have thoroughly de- served premier Lion )urs,no leas certain is it that Swinton justly occupy the position of runners-up, as they can boast of a scoring record unapproached by any other club in the list. Much of this success is undoubtedly due to the grand play and skilful generalship of Valen. tine,whe has seldorthif ever, beau seer to more advan- tage. Widnes have also done well,and with a couple of matches still te play may possibly get within a couple of points of Swinton. Indeed,their marked and continued improvement has been quite one of the features of the season, and the old complaint of " consistent inconsis- tency "will surely soon have to be withdrawn, or possi- bly passed on to Salford, who have done a good deal to qualify for such a description.

Last year's champions have done fairly well. Strong, as they. have always been, on the defence, the Rangers have this season shown themselves woefully deficient in scoring powar,and but for this failing they would surely have been better than fifth. Of the clubs in the centre of the table there is nothing very special N record,unless it be the sad falling off on the part of Runcorn. At the commencement of the season they were in great form, and indeed headed the table for several successive weeks. Then came a long spell of defeat, and we can only regret that a team who have pluckily relied upon purely local talent all along should have done so indiffer- ently as tc only win nine matches out of the full comple- ment of 26. Stockport and Tyldesley, altogether seem to have fallen on evil days. Rochdale Hornets are a stage worse than the last named, and would have surely occupied bottom position had it not been for poor, un- fortunate Morecambe, whose record is almost enough to make angels weep. Taken all round, the Competition has undoubtedly been a great success, and has certainly stimulated interest in a marked degree in the doings of the clubs. A consparisun with the mere "friendliea" that have been all too frequent ef late, shows clearly that competition matches po4sess infinitely more attrac- tion to the public, and the °Pat season should be even more successful than the past.

Warrington's postponed fixture with Widnes has been arranged for Thursday the 28th inst, kick off at 6.15. It is said, Widnes way, that the Chemicals have a few old scores to rub off, and mean to do so. 'They have au idea that" Smack" Bste is responsible for the nervous- ness which troubles their " A team with regard to the championship, and mean to teach him a thing or two, which it is more than probable he learnt years ago. " Smack " knows just a little bit f The final battle for the Northern Union Cup is to be fought to-day at Deadingley, (Leeds), between Bradford and Batley (the holders). A great game it will be, and wkother the cup is going back to Mount Pleasant, or journeying to Park Avenue, is a problem which I would prefer to -.newer later in the day, say towards 7 o'clock.

CYCLING. Cyclists, particularly ladies, get cnore consideration nowadays frorr other users of the road than formerly ; but even now it is not easy to ride along a busy thoroug- fare for drivers of vehicles seem to differ in opinion as to their position on the road. Some will generously leave sufficient room on the left side for the cyclist, although it is the wrong side to pass a vehicle, while others prefer to keep class on their own side. The centre of the road is undoubtedly the best for heavy vehicles, and there they are generally to be found, des- pite any rule of the road.

R. L. Jefferson started for tus long ride to Kiiiva on Satutday.

It will be good news to all who journey into Derby- shire or Macclesfield way awheel to hear that the ter- rible paving formerly existing between Stockport and liazelgrove has in many parts been replaced by good setts, so that it is now possible to travel that way with !some degree of comfort

" Jep "Goecoyne and Barry grown, the speedy tan- dem pair of "pros," and their trainer, "Captain " Coe, are now staying in Wigan for the purpose of training on the cement track there.

The Lancashire and Cheshire District Association of tha C.T.C. will join the Liverpool Pieces C.C.. at tea, at Warrington, to-day.

The record season soon promisee to start in earnest. Dick Palmer shortly goes at the "five," whilst Betts will make a cut at ell the short distance records up to the hour when he is fit. Tandem figures, too, are likely to be cut, and thus early it Is safe to say that there is likely to be a general reduction in all the principal record figures.

A very enjoyable run was spent by the members of the Warriogton C.C.on Saturday.lt was a splendid day, and the roads were in good condition. Under these cir- curnotances the run was all the more appreciated, as the three or four previous runs had turned eat to be wet daye. About forty members took part in the run to linutsford and Altrinobatn. Tea was provided, at the ged Lion, Koutsford. The return journey was made by way of Tabby and Northwich.

On Thursday afternoon a building in course of erection in the neighbourhood of Victeria-it., London, collapsed. rive workmen are known te be killed, and it is feared 1%1141 ethers are haled in the building.

esirr-

••••

,4

Warrington.—Printed and Pu—b-11—ehnd—ti—ir —John We... 1.432 The Enrininer general Printing Worts, Beweerat and Published also at TA. hteeeeiner Office, Vlctorie" Winn= ; 11*h-strut, Rtnnon 7 tanorge.s,,ree. 111=34 ; T tet4trvitt. I 22 VW

I . 1 , i .i/ , ---- _ LaiS MO a A , Vf L.l.4l{llCs°. Bmitsey-eix_;:j cis •Plit 11411.14rXi6V1...31"-. i , i

===== 0002601_18980422_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
DO NOT UNTIMELY DIA ORE THROATS CURED MTH ONE DOSE FENNINGS' FEVER CURER. Bowel Complaints caned with One Dose.. Typhus or Low Fever cured with Two Doses. Dlptheria cured with Three Doses. Scarlet Fever cured with our Doses. ' Cholera cured with Five Doses. Influenza cured with Six Doses. Bold in Bottles, is. lid. each, with full direc- tions, by all Chemists. Read FIINNINGS' BRYBODY'S DOCTOR." Sent post for 13 stamps. A. PRIMING WEST COWES, I.W. 1

WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY On SUNDAY, APRIL 24th, 1898. SERMONS will be preached by the REV. H. T. SPENCER. M.A., M. So. of Wavertree. Monwnso 10-30. EVENING 6-30. A SCHOLARS SERVICE AT 2-30 In WYCLIFFE HALL When Special Hymns will be snug, and an ADDRESS given by Mr. SPENCER. Collections for School Funds.

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. SUMMER TERM. °LAMBS in the following subjects will commence on the dates nameo,lclosing,at the end of June. SOHO ./1. OF ART. MLBMENTARY DRAWING, WEDNESDAY, 4th May 7 p.m. utOIIT AND SHADE, FRIDAY, 6th May. 5.45 and 7.30 p.m. _I lIL ODBUING. THURSDAY, sth May, 7 p.m. 341:LIMING (Short Course), TUESDAY, 10th May, 2.30 p.m. WOODCARVING, FRIDAY, 15th April, 3.30 p.m. and 7 PAN • DRESS MAKING. THURSDAY, 14th April, 2.30 and 7 p.m. SPANISH. tIiHnsDAY, 14th April, 7 p.m. For fern and other particulars see circulars, to be had at the 7itesenm or School of Art. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary.

_ EASTER PH GEAMME. CROUCH'S WONDERLAND.—THE NEW EXHIBITION. VICTORIA HALL, 80, LIMH4TREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Adelphi Hotel). LIVERPOOL'S EGYPTIAN HOME OF MYSTERY t 12 Hours continuous round of Amusements, CONSTANT CHANGE. EDISON'S LIVING PICTURES, The GREAT CORBETT FIGfT, GRECO-TURK/8H WAR, and 100 other stirring Inbjects,' Grand VARIETY ENTERTAINMENT, including PROFESSOR BENNETT, the Leading Ventriloquist and Variety Comedian, also PROF. O. W. JOHNSON, King of Illusionists, with nis Latest Marvel, THE EGYPTIAN CAVE MYSTERY, direct from Paris *lsis alive. He is Dying. He ts Dead. He is Alive again. A most Remarkable and Wonderful Illusion. THE SISTERS MONICA.. In the FREAK GALLERY, splendid collection of Wax efoclPl. NAIMOLI GIRLS, Cosmoramic views, The Indian Jungle, Ac. Admission to view all 3d, Reserve 65,

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL.—TEIE TECHNICAL s n(STUCTION COMMITTEE offers a number of CHOLARSHIPS tenable at the Agricultural School, Boluses Chapel, to youths between the ages of 14 to 18. Particulars and application forme can be obtained from the undersivn.d. Appliccions must be sent in on or before fur 7th. RICHARD P. WARD, Organising Secretary. Crewe.

THE DEAN SCHOOL EXhIBITION CHARITY IN NEWTON-IN-MARBEFIELD. The Trustees purpose to award TWO EXHIBITIONS, tach tenable for TWO YEARS, on the results which they shall deem sufficient of an Examination to be held on BATEEDAY, 2ND JULY NEXT, in the Town Hall, New- In addition to Reading, Handwriting. Composition. oPe Ring, and Arithmetic, the Subjects of Examination win “aclude the Class Subjects taught in the different Schools. JOHN W. WATKINS. clerk and treasurer. 241,t0n-re-Willows, April 20, 1898.

CYCLING AND CYCLISTS. ON SATURDAY, MAY 7TH Will be commenced in the " EX VdINER " a series of BIGHT ARTICLES BY POPULAR WRITERS ON CYCLING AND CYCLISTS." The Articles will be published fortnightly as under le " CYCLING ABROAD." By R. L. JEFFERSON (who is 'boat to cycle to Malys as Special Commissioner for Messrs. irarme• worth). 2 • THE HUMOURS OF CYCLING." By H. J. HOLMBS, Editor of the " Wheelman. s Z• "THE EVOLUTION OF THE CYCLE." By CHARLES P. SISLEY Editor of the Cycle." tir CYCLING FOR lAMBS." By MISS B. JACOBS, Assistant-Editor et the " Rambler." t, 'CYCLING ACCIDENTS AND HOW TO AVOID THEM.' By T.. 4. JOHNSTON, Contributor to the Irish 6. Cyclist." It CURIOUS PHASES OF CYCLING." By CHARLES E. 13 EANCII. Assistant-Editer of the "Cycle." "LONG DISTANCE RIDING." 11l T. A. EDGE, Editor of the "Cycler,' News." 111, "PRACTICAL HINTS FOR CYCLISTS." Sly C. W. HARTUNG,Contributor to the" CYCTLIBir."

4014017011 op 74:"'r51,112':,-. ' WARRINGTON. t'ei*,,sl;• .. ' •.-, INT ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCHNTRATED MANURH. Twentieth Season. General Agent— Mr. WM. HOUGHTON. PADDINGTON near Warrington.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock end best value in th town or district. Sold by weight from fiIiVSN nan.LINGS AND SI/CPR:10B to Fli• TY SHILLINGS. shies and shapes. including the round and Half-round Z_l3's in stock. A handsome present given to each par- .7..'seP. Finger sise-cards post free.—HUSTANCIs AND 00. Illuminated Clock, 43, Sauskey-street, Warrington. setablishedl264.

_ WWI VEEPooL N D NORTH WALES. The Splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON. IPIII Sall (weather and circimstlnces permittine) Beery Week Day until the 141. h May next for Llandudno. Leaving Arrives ."*PO6I at 11 am. I Llandudno ... at 1.30 p.m. *tokndudno 4 p.m. I Liverpool ~ 630 p.m. Rya at la .r/ Sunday until end of Septomber, leaving Liverpool- p,l'a a.m., arriving back about 7.43 p.m. Low Pares. 11p4r._ Particulars apply to W. H. DODD, 31, TOWnit- -712,08, A Liverpool. LLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. • SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... April E3th CARTHAGINIAN, for Quebec and Montr,al...May sth a • CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montred... May 12th NIIMIDIAN, for Quebec and Montreal—May 19th a • LALTRENTIAN, for @urine and Maltreat.- May 28th PAM: lAN, for Quebec and Montreal... June 2nd be, Pares from £lO 10s, End Cabin £7 Is, Steerage £5 krl:;_rough Tick e is to all points at special rates. andbook, maps, rates, and full particulars , liPplicatlon to ALL &N BROTHERS it Co., 19, dames- '''. ;or o S. Gams, 34, Bridge-it., Warrington

;_

V\FW' haIeSTEALMINERES. ROYAL LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via //RITA iv - Queenstown. EVERY WEDFICSDAY. Wed.. April 27.1 CYMRIC Friday April 29. 4W:di:Janie will be carried on tne voyage maraud thus* laktry„r3g, Passage at low rates Including Outfit free of 4.pprzo New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. ttikciiirn to Imam, and (Jo., Liverpool and 34, 411 street, London ILO..

HIHMIST AWARD AT THE EXHIBITION. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. T. DAINTITII, UrUN AND CYCLE MANUFACTURER. SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES, ROVER. CENTAURS ARMS, AND OTHER MAKES OP CYCLES. Thew Business Address :- 121, BRIDGE-ST/OM, WARE ING T

ItSISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, Professor of .111 singing and Voice Production ; Italian method.— Term., Bro., apply Mr. PEARSON'S Pianoforte Warehouse, Warrington. Schools attended.

ppUPTITRES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. I% . T. HatilfiGTOE'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure 3t Rupture; registered s consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7a 9, raroavenor-itree t Lon. don-road, Manchester.

EDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALIO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of Wit D DING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Pine Selectien of RARH COINS, WAR MEDALS. ANTIQUES, CHINA, aad BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. v. S. PENYINGTON & Co.. JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, NUMISMATISTS. AND DEALERS IN ANTIQUES, 63—RENSHAW-STRRET, LIVESPoOL---63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

DELICATE SRA i )ES OF HAIR ARTIST.CALLY MATCHED, FROM £1 Is TO £5. IMMOVABLE I FROM I HAIR COMBINGS MADE SCALPETTRS, 2lz. I UP. 2.8 PER oz. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET. LIVERPOOL. ....—.._ VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES. WlTair—tAN STO VITA RET,---Mro-87--- STRINGS, of the -161:teit- Quality. RlA—arfintepairing in all its branches.

JOHN BYRON, PRAOIICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRRR. (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THAT IDEA OF YOURS. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? 3• A. COUBROUGH. REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (6 t. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agfmt of U.S. Amedes. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT. LIVERPOOL.

W. B. SWEETMANH HAIR LOTION. alle Bast Remedy for PALLING OR WBAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRIOR 26. 6d. PHU BOTTLE. b. RANELAGII-STRBET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

ELECTRO-PLATING, GILDING & ENGRAVING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. ARTICLES MADE EQUAL TO NEW. at lowest cost. Catalogues free. JOSEPH HIGHAM, LIMITED. 127, STEAM:I-WAYS, MANCHESTER, (Opposite the Assize Courts.)

THOMAS DOWDALL, 671 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEAL%R. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second• Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes. Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toi?et Services. Old Silver. Bleotro Plate, Overmantles. Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables, ' &c.. ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions is,y this Establishment is unsurpassed for tyle and Assortment INSPECTION INVITED.

RICHARDSON AND Co., PAPER-HANGING MERCHANTS. 9, AXD 11, THOMAS-STRIIHT, SIIUDEHILL. MANCHESTER.

UMBRELLAS ! UMBRELLAS I ! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOE PHESSNTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS. UMBRIILLAS AID bUNSHADYS RBCOVERHD lluu.s Ax Bolnt FROM 39. 68, T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

LONG 14 01T11, PAPER MERCHANT. CIdIiAPHST IN TIM CITY. ---- SPECIALITIES :- Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to 4 LIM 6, OAK STRI3II3T, THOMAS-STREW, MANCHESTIII.

BEAUTIFUL LAWNS, TENNIS COURTS. BOWLING GREENS. &C. SOW APRIL AND MAT. Pare Evergreen Dwatf Lawn Grass Seeds. le. PER Lb. 845. PER CWT. CARRIAGE PAID. This is our Special Mixture of the very finest DWARF EVERGREEN GRASS SEEDS, perfectly free from Seeds of Weeds, same as sown by us on our lawns round the Groups at Evergreens. Titles, and Shrubs, for which we were awarded the GOLD MEDAL, LIVERPOOL *EXHIBITION, 1886, And which, from their emerald green colour and ftneuese, gained the admiration of all visitors. We supplied last season with the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn Grass Seeds for nearly two hundred acres. NEW, PURE, AND RELIABLE. FLOWER AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest Prices fur Best Quality. ROBERT P. KER AND SONS, NURSERY AND SEEDSMEN, 11, BASNETT-STREET. AND AIGETIRTH NURSERY, GRASSENDALB, LIVERPOOL.

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Frmv,s when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great having of time and expense effected. ADDRESS : T. COOKE, YORK.

SPRING SHOW OF NOVELTIES C OSTUMES, COATS AND SKIRTS, CAPES, &c. IS NOW ON AT LORD BROS'. 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

TAM O'SHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. mANuFAcliman BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief Depots and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. MO. W. ROUND nAUNDERSON, District Manager. Established 1859.

OUR CHAINLESS OAFETI: Is THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE, SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1893 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO HE BRATBN, both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RHLIABLR MOUNT direct from the Haters or the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 695 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS CF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. aLADSTONB BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 32, AND 41, DALE -STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THE ONLY MEANS FOR DESTROYING HAIR on the face is by using ALEX. ROSS'S ORDINARY " DRPILATORY," 3s. 64.. poet free 3s. 94. ; for strong hair, the Electric Appliance, 355.; for thick hair, i• Cauterising Liquid," 10s, 6d.; or the German Process, 425. ALEX. ROSS, 62,',Tbeobald's Road, Holborn, London.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND PROVISION DEALER, LEGH-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

WATCHES, PLATE, AND JEWELLERY. GREAT SALE AT DISTANCE AND CO.'S 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR A SHORT TIRE PRIOR TO IXTRNSIVR ALTHEA- TIONS IN FRlll[lBlO. 111 order to make as large a CLEARANCE as possible EUSTANCE AND CO. have decided to offer the whole ef their VALUABLE STOCK AT BONA FIDE REDUCTIONS OF FROM 10 TO 25 PER CENT.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STouT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALIGSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWIOIC ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARLAN 1411 R ALE. WARDLE'S HOREHOUND BEER

EXHIBITION GRASS SEEDS, Is. per lb SOW NOW. DWARF, EVERGREEN. SOW NOW, ROBERT P. KER AND SONS ' 11, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. '

THE M ANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, THE LEADING CLOTHIERS

8 AND 10 HORSEMARRET STREET, WARRINGTON. OPECIAL SPRING SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest Patterns I Leading Styles I I Popular Prices llt TIIH 11.D.C. o'UITS, 18/6 T° 50/ WIN'S TROUSHRS, 6/6 TO 16/6 Ready for Wear I Well Made I I Lateet Cut I t ORDER DEPARTMENT. Tint M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly LOOO PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS To MEASURE from 8/6 To 18/6 SUIT To MEASURE , . 28/6 ~80/- in High-Class Scotch and Irish TWEEDS, Blue SHIMS, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &c,, VALUS UNBQUALLED. THE M.C.D. YOUTHS' AND JUVNILE DEPARTMENTS. TO MEET TRH GROWING TRADE The preparations in these Departments leave never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles In JUVENILE CLOTHING. THE M.C.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITS. All at Wholesale Prices. HO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, lIORSEMARKET STREET, 'WARRINGTON.

FURNITURE. BASSINEITES. FURNITU RE H ARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE DISTRICT FOR ALL KINDS OF HOUSEHOLD GOO DS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS. ESTIMATES FOR COMPLETELY FURNISHING (FR). CALL AND INSPECT OUR SPACIOUS SHOW ROOMS STOCKED WITH ALL CLASSES OF GOODS. DRESSERS FLOOROLOTHS SOFAS RUGS COUCHES PICTURES CHAIRS CHEFFIONHEES SIDEBOARDS OVERMANTELS BEDSTEADS SUITES BEDDING IRONMONGERY MATTRESSES LIBOLEUMS DINING, DRAWING, AND BEDROOM SUITES. BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS PROM THE MAKER, HARR OP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. AWARD OB GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WM. WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, altne3 HOT WATER SUPPLIES Fitted up on the Latest and Host Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 181 PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

BEE WARD AND BAILEY, CHINA BIBRCHANTS. SHOP AND RESIDENCE: 45, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Orates always on band for Shopkeepers.

TEETH.—A COMPLETE SET, 21e. Single Tooth, 2e. 6d. 10 years' warranty. SAM WOODS, Bag.. M.P., says in his teetimon at "They are a perfect At, exceeding comfortable, and are a credit to you." H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BRWSRY-STREHT, WRDNEaDAYS AND FRIDAYS.

EADE'S PILLS. EADWB przs. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EADE'S plux. have reoourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADB'S pur.s. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE'S 'rm. the wonderful power these IPille have in giving relief in tbe vet v EABB's piLLs. worst oases. These Pills era purely vegetable and perfectly safe in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, EriBUKATIStf, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS. And have the largest recommendation aver given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT "16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury. road, Leeds, May 2nd, 1854. RHEUMATISM "Dear Str,—lt Is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT peals° of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATISM Rheumatic Gaut, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HEUMATISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM ray being laid up again. Ever since, when I have bad the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to mate what use you liki of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased TI, answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHBuNATIsm .. (enclosing stamped address). hung you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT Manxman." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. 10 and 2s. 94. or seat post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, Goswara.-noln. WC. Ask for and be sure you obtain RADII'S GOUT AND xtHEU- MATIO PILLS. EADE 8 PILLS

TO Ladiss, your Best Friend is LADIES H MAR TS IS Atilt, TO LADIES Harmless, yet the most Effectual remedy, and TO contains NO poison or injurious drugs. IT ACTS LADIES LIKE MAGIC in all Ladies' ailments, PeriodiCal Impediments,Sickness,Fullness,Stomach Troubles. LADIES Testimonials are received Daily Testifying to its TO Wonderful Efficacy. 2s. 9d. double. and stronger LADIES 4s. 6d. Post Free under cover. TO EXTRACTS FROM TESTIMONIALS. LADIES Please send ins a bAtle of " HamorrEsan " TO Female Medicine ;it has proved beyond my LADIES expectations. E. 0 Kindly fora ard a supply of your "Hgarrrsasan" LADIES Female Mediciae. I have found it all that I TO wished. M. B. LADIES Kindly send me another bottle of "ft EARTM. TO Emir," for which I enclose regal Order. Thanks LADIES to " HFAILTBEASE " as it has saved me trouble. TO LADIES Accept my thanks for " HELBTBELSE ; it has TO been an heart's ease to me. , W. P. LADIES Since taking" H R RTS.V.A.g& an is well again. TO hanks, wish every success. E. L. LADIES Your famous Female Medicine, " HEARTIMMIE: TO as again proved a blessing, as It has alway LADIES done previously, J. L.. TO ddress : LADIES TO E. S. LILLY, LADIES HERBAL REMEDY CO., TO BOTANIC HALL, 35, COLSTON-STREET, LADIEb BRISTOL.

BEDSTEADS, BEDDING, &C. AT LOWEST WHOLESALE PRICES. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-, WOOL BEDS, 10/6 BOLSTERS AND PILLOWS. HAIR. WOOL AND WIRE MATTRESSES, All Properly Purified by Chemical Process and Guaranteed. SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. BEDROOM CHAIRS, 2/6, KITCHEN CHAIRS, 2/11. THE LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. NEW SPRING WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SDIALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW TRICE& LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND 00'S LADIES' ANN GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 355 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

PETER COTTON. i ROPE AND TWINB MANUFACTURER. Seeking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netthag Curled-hair, 011 bi beets, Ac., Ac. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, Ac., Acted complete, 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. ISM HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. FRESH MILE TWICE DRILY, SKIM MILK FROM 11 1i.131. FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

UNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOB GOOD BOOTS.

TRH WARRINGTON SLATIS Co..LH DINORWIG AND PE NRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANYS. AGENTS FOR ME BUXTON LIMB FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACHERS, WHITLEY CO., LD., BICRERSHAW COLLIERIES, HEAD 07TICIC Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, 1, Tel. Addreaa, Arpley, Warrington. I Wearington.

DUTTON AND COLYER, (LATIN SUTTON AND co.) IRONMONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLRMENTS on VIEW.

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable )arket..): The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worm-out horses, caws, ren.oved any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANuREs IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Eigheet Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Storer bought. Highest: Prima paid. SLAUGHTER YAhD, LONGFORD. ECTIBLIBEED 1870.

ROCHE'S iiERBAL EMBROCATION. Eritnl6T—)ol3oll 1 The celebrated effeetna, HOOFING COUGH ewe leitisout - niedrn&l wee dieines. HOOFING COUGH -_. Of all Chemists price 1100 PING COUGH 4. per bottle. Sole M(holesale Ageats: BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & Sort, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London. _ __

FRANCIS J. DELL, HOUSE DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER. GLAZIER. CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always In Stock. SO. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE Birorowingo iron COUGHS, ImIZTOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BBONCEI6IIII.B, Comumprrox, TOWLE'S OH.LORODYNE ASTHMA, tirAszas. do. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE 130. per Bottle. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE A. P. Telma liAxcstraTEß.

THE BEANCO (21CLES MANUFACTURED BY BAXENDALE S.; CO. MANCHESTER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH.. PARADISE-STREET,: LIVERPOOL.

DARKEN THE HAIR when turning grey, with Condy's Fluid. " I recommend Condy's Fluid as a hair stain." The Lady's Pictorial. SOLD EVERMIERE, 8 OZ. '11..., 20 OZ. 2/... Insist yr " CON DIT' S FLUID."

THE NEW LEMONADE. 2 GALLONS FOR 4io. Many people suffer from extreme thirst during the het weather, Messrs. Foster Clark and Co. have supplied the want that has ea long been felt by making • concentrated lemonade, whleh is far more economies' than the ordinary lemonede. It Is made trent the finest lemons, and the great advantage's that It is partly manu- factured in Italy. In the midst el the lemon orchards. The lemons Cr. takes direct from the tree, to the factory to commence their transfer. mutton tab o the Eiffel Tower Lemonade. You can get thirty-two tumblers (or two gallon') for feurpenoe halfpenny. If yen cannot get It from your grooer, send sixpencelto G. FO•TER CLARK AND Co.. NO. 594 EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY, MAIDSTONE. Sole manufacturers of " llurreClowen Lamenting

LADY READERS of THIS PAPER. are entitled to a gratis copy t iar of a bright, lute- -40..A., oresn till,gsucbceososkflaiet ,NtiVi\ 4 'C, 4N 4„ ' 4. .......,.........7. ......„ Home Dyeing," together with samples of forty- t- ' ' - '."--• five cloths dyed I 1 with o ---- - : -- - Diamond _„...„........._.........., A-........t,__......,-... z-__--='•-•-••_.:-.-7---a r• oyes. -:- ----,-----, _ ... No coupon to cut out; simply send a post-card mentioning this journal. Full instructions are given for imparting beautiful, fast and unalterable colours to everything, from draw to basket work, and for making faded garments as red as new. Address, DIMOND DYES, SI it Sii Snow Hill, London, E.G.

Another Cure of Disease of the Lungs of Ten Years' Stand- ing by DR. Lonocx's Pt/tamale WAYERS.—Mr. D. Verrent, Coast Guard, Hountcharies, Donegal, writes : "They are all they are represented to be. I have a child who was affected in the lungs (for ten years), and they are the only thing that have done him any good." la Asthma, Consumption, Bron- chitis, Coughs, Colds. Rheumatism, and all Hysterical and Nervous Complaints, instant relief and a rapid cure is given by the Wafers which taste pleasantly. Sold by all druggists &tali lid and 2s 94 per box. (5)

THE MISSES RIMME2, en. Hon. Cert. R.A.M.. 23. Wilson Patten-street, Warrington. school will re-open (C.V.), Tuesday, May 3rd. Feu, Testimonials, Lists of Passes, &c., on application.

LMINE HOUSE SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. FROGHALL- LANE, Warrington. PrincipG, Mrs. JOHNSTONE. Next Term commences on TUESDAY, APRIL 19th, 1893. Prospectus on application. ORNE HOUSE SCHOCH. FOR BOYS, FROGHALL- .I./ LANE. Warrington Princip .1. Mr. HENRY G. JOHNSTONE. Next Term commences on TUESDAY, APRIL 19th. 1898. Pupil, received for Livening Tuition. WA—RWICIE HOUSE—SOHOOL.—POULTON-LB-FYLDE, 3 miles from Blackpl Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large det4ched house Happy borne. Resident English and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Principal—Etas ItouviasoN. Governess - Pupil wanted.

TRINITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE. Head Master—Mr. J. P. HUG{). Assisted by Nine Resident a.;-,d Visiting Masters. Thorough training for professional aud m roxntile pursuits. 22 passed oat of 26 in the last Cambridge Locals. Next term be ins May 3rd.

SLLIFNAL GRAMMAR SOHO :', BHROP3HIRE. Special advantages in Modern Languages and Commer- cial Subjects, in cluding Typewriting (I4arlock) ; limited number of pupils; strictly inclusive sch)ol and boarding fees: 23 gulneos per annum Next Term April 26th.--For Prospectus address the HEAD MASTER.

, OSENEATH, WREXHAM, N. WALES, HIGH-CLASS S. SCHOOL FOR GlitLS —Princip ils MISS EVANS and MISS JONES. assisted by Miss EvAine Iredale, 8.A., Fritalien Thumm, and others First class Masters. Splen- did modern mansion, standing la four ancs of ground • two tennis lawns, school library. gymnasium, perfect sanitation. Good modern methods. Every attention paid to the health and comfort of pupils. Very successful in examinations. For terms and prospectus, apply as above. WARRINGTON GRAMMAR ScIL 00 L THE Inixr TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, APRIL 21ST. The HEAD MASTER will be at Home to Interview Parents on WEDNESDAY, Amu. Prospect's, An., on application.

otet, Ilpbrof3, arflrng(ostab. SOUTHPOET, BUNNYSIDB HYDRO.—Physician, 'Do BARNARDO, deslrarle Winter Residence, one of the handsomest b II logs in Southport; centrally situated; replete with every comfort ; fine fiss view. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s. 6d. per day, Including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism- -J. Boococx, Proprietor.

rr HE METROPOLE PRIVATE HOTEL BOARDING ESTABLISHSIENT, Queen's Buildings, Clonrnel-street, Llandudn.s. (Close to the Promenade) Twenty well- furnished commodious Bedrooms. Centrally situated. Sea View. Liberal Table. tipeeial terms to Cyclists and Parties. Strictly moderate terms. Either wan or without board.— Men. BARROW, Proprietress.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, BOSTON SQUARE. HOME CobLIORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR DIMNESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperanoe Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors. -HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN& CO., LTD. r FOR AN ESTIMATE ; When requiring NEW S. FURNITURE, REUP- HOLSTERING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING. di). Designs and Patterns Sent, on Application, Note Address.—CHAßLiti SOU!1-101tN et CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, BASNKTT-STREST, LIVERPOOL.

- - Wantrb. -- - WANTED Steady THAIDIMAN, to live in; wages Ss. pef week.—Apply W. Baa Law, New Cut, 'WWI.

ViTANTED, for ROYAL NAVY. Bye. Youths, Engine "'ln Artificers, Stokers, Blacksmiths. Carpenters, Coopers. Painters, Sailmakets, Shipwrights. and Royal Marines.—For particulars apoly to SERGEANT, Royal Marines, 259, Liverpool-road, Warrhgton.

Vubitrattons. “HOW TO ENSURE HBALTII."—A. medical work giv- ing Prescription.. and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility ; post free twe stamps.—Address Messrs. Bands'. 48. Loam'sle Square, Barnsbury. London. N.

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Nervous and Physical Debility should send for a valuable pamphlet explaining bow all nervous and organia arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Sent sealed, post free. Address R. NORTON b 9 & 63 Chancery Lane, Lonion, Isstaolished 30 Years.

S PECIALITIES ix PAPER AND PAPER BAGS. Caps 14 by 20, 70. Ream 16 by 24, 100., 19 by 29, Is. 3d. Sweet Bags, loz. 101. 1,000; 2.0 z is., 4oz. Is. 2d. Butter Payer. 13§.61. Cheese, us. Brown, Sc. cwt. Thin White. 13s. 60. cwt lieally good Note Paper, 40., Squires. hop Books from sd. Stephens' Is. Inks, 70.. 2s. do. is. 5d., Id. bottles, 6d. Dozeu. Court Bnyelopes,from 84.. 75P COMM ercial , Cou•,-“, 70., 250. LoNGWORTR'S AND 6, Osz-exiiiii, Man- chester.

EXTRAORDINARY COUGH CUKB. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—For Coughs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—For Colds. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs. --Asthma. Powell's Balsam of Anisee.i—Coughs.—Bronehitis. POwell's Balsam of Aniseed —Coughs.—Lung Troubles. Powell's Balsms of Aniseed —Coughs.—Nhcht Clow„hs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Cougros.—lnfinenza. Powell's Balsam if Aniseed—Olughs.—Relieves Instantly. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Safe and Reliable. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Cloughs.—Ret bliehed 70 years. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Refuse Imitations. Powell'. Balsam of Aniseed—Oonght.—Sold by Chemists. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Bottles. is. 11c1.. 2s. 3d. Bee Trade Mark—Lion. Net. and Mouse, on Wrapper.

• SOUTHPORT. IFTAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET. Adjoining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Station THB OLDBST BbTAHLISHED RESTUARANT in the Town. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, a SOUTHPORT. .

G. H. AND TT. 111. JACKSON. 59, AND 61 CHURCH ,STREET, WARRINGTON. Jl3 ST forfeited, Lady's GOLD Payments taken KEYLESS WATCH, 14-carat eases, fully jewelled, very 1314121 y finished ; warrante(L for ten years. £1 Q Our price 1.03, D.

CLI ENT'S t-plate GOLD LITER, Payments taken 18-carat eases ; maker, Russell, Liverpool ; fully j-welled, equal to 29 S. new; tremendous Uargaln.Warmated

GENT'S GOLD ALEHRT, 9-carat Payments taken Government stamped, very £2 5s massive, almost new, very low price

HANDSOME Drawing-room Payments taken SUITE, solid Walnut, uphol- stered in Crockett's best Leather, chair backs handsomely Carved; very highly finished. MUST BE SOLD. N W OFFERED AT VERY LOW FIGURE.

APBSTR Y CAUPBTmewest Payments taken desigmsplendid quallty.3 yards by 3 yards. genuine Bargain. To £1 25. 6D. clear

• LUST received, a very large eon- Payments taken fl signment of Semite and Pem- broke TABLES, 1-inch solid tops, guaranteed well made, such value has never been offered to the Public of this Town before. Come and See for Yourselves. PRICES FROM Q Cs. D. EACH,

-145 VALIIA.BLN lIHRBAL BROlnl3.—Post free, three penny stamps. A. Holax. Herbalist, 32, Wakefield-road. Normanton, Yorksbire. nENTA. for STOPPI DECAY HD and HOLLOW Li VIETH ; a child can apply It; price 7d.—A. E. THOWER, 29, Fenchurch-etreet, London.

1.;-ARrHENWARR and Cidna.—Seconds 22 crate: Bests £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d. ; write for lets. —WEBB AND CO., StAffOrdShire Potteries, Longton.

DlLES.—Hundreds successfully cured by EASELIB ILES. Well worth a pound a box. Sold at Is.; post free Is. Id.; by Chemists or prodrietor.—SPEDDlNG, Bone- setter, Batley.

LIENUINE EiRCIPH for first class Hone and Cattle Condiment, Is. 6d.; Calf Rearing Food, Is. 6d.; both, 2s. 6d.; one half the cost of made up foods.—DEAßlsr, Chesterton. Bridgnorth. PROTECT YOUR SEEDS and PRUIT.—Use good GARDEN NETTING, also for Fowl Runs, Pigeon Flights. &c., 100 yards r 8.. 2 yards wide; approval.—HlLL, Hewpsted-terrace, Ashford, Kent.

A STROLOGY :—Your FUTURE FORETOLD, M&R- El Future Partner Described, Children, Jour- neys, Legacies, Ru leg Planet, /cc. Send Date of Birth 12 Stamps and Stamped Envelope, —Mr. LEWLS, 69. George- street, Oxford.

UISH ! FISH I FISH I—Special -Selected mixed Kits.—Cod 1: Line, Haddocks, Plaice, Rock Salmon, .tu , 8 stone 55. 12 stone 10s. 25 stone £1 ; Kippers and Bloaters. 1s 91, box ; Finneys. 3s. stone; Oysters, ts. 3d, for 120.—P.0. to R. AL HOLDIES, Yish Docks, Grimsby.

A OTROLOGY :—Yorr MUTH FOBSTOLD, MAR- 111,_ RIAD.% Children, Changes in Circumstances, Jour- neys, Legacies tic. send Date of Birth. 12 Stamps and Stamped itnvelope.—Air. COLE, 30, Cheltenham Place, Brigh- ton, bloom

64 g ARD&N NETTING."—Good and etrong. well oiled and 1.3 dressed, mesh made to keep smallest birds from Buds, Blooms, and Seeds in the ground. Price 100 by 1 yard wide, 3s. ; 2 yards wkle, 66. ; 3 yards wide, 9s. Carriage paid orders over ss. In value. Any length and width sup- ; used in the Royal gardens. —A. YO'CTEIt. Wolverhamp ton.

WIRE NETTING. Great Reduction, Best Galvanized NET TING, at cash prig -1 ; in 60 yards rolls, 3 inch rne,h, 2ft 3s. 41., 3ft 55.. 4 ft 6s. Bd. ; 2 Inch mesh. 2 ft 4s. Id., 31t 65.,4 ft Is. 2d; 1 inch mesh,2 ft 78.6 d. 3 ft 115.2 d. , 4 ft 15s. Galvanized Sheep NNTTING, best, 50 yar,l rolls. 3ft wide. 4 inch mesh, centre strand, 7s. 41 ; Bs. 3d ; 109.34. Stakes per doz,m 6s. opecisl Stakes, very heavy, per dozen 95. 64. ; carriage paid on letB (Stakes or Netting) of 50s value and upwards; Buyers remember Wolverhampton is the Centre of the Iron Trade, and buy only of the actual makers, Tits NORTH-STREET IRON Woßial Co., Wolverhamp- ton.

LLAMES, MOTHERS, and DAUGHTERS.—A Lady of great experience will be pleased to forward to any lady (on receipt of stamped. directed envelope) proofs of the most powerful female medicine on earth, as used in all the prin- ciple towns in gogland, cures all f3rms of female irregulari- ties and obstructions—no matter how long standing ; write at once for proofs and particulars of my famous female remedy, which has cured the most hopeless case in a few hours ; quite harmless to the most delicate lady ; never fails lin the most obstinate case, causes no pain or prostration. 0., lease mention paper. : m ADAM LA.xIAX, Berkeley Villa, Southall Green, -LYJI- Middlesex.

'lO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. HMORELL,I7 and 18,Grest St.Andrew-st..BloornebnrY, . W.C. Cheapest House i London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame and ltoomn Moulding. Veneered and i, Fancy Wood Mouldings Sm. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Spescial attention to country orders. Pull particulars in New Pattern Books just pu lished 10714- 1 penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram pages containing all the newest designs for six 1 EA BE' RT. London."

ALL LADIES , will be glad to hear that Mrs. M. Damerati, CERTIFICATED Mi DWIFE, has a safe ansl certain mixture for obstructions and irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in long-standing obstinate Mee. It cannot fail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant People, they never Bend von the right remedy. If you have already done so, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and you will not be deceived. You will find that It is always cheaper to come to the right place first. Below are some testimonials received. The originals of these, with thousand. of others. can be s. en any time. From Mrs. Chatham : " Madam, will you kindly send again one bottle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted sPleudidlY. I enclose .to."—Mrs. Binnie writes : " Kindly jorward by return of et a bottle of your Female Mixture;, It put me all right last oime, and I trust it will do so again. " From Mrs. :Fletcher t "Madame I received the Mixture all right, and I t,ok the doses as stated ; it did all that was needed, for which I thank you very much."—hirs. writes from Sheffield ; "I am pleased to tell you your medicine did all ihat was required, though I thought it had failed, for I had th- last dose thirty hours before any change took Place. I had the last dose on Sunday, and all was right as Possible Tuesday afternoon. Everything had been as well as It was possible Had I written Oyou at first. I should have been over E 2 in pocket. You may show this letter, but cover name and address "—Mrs. Bryan write: "Madam, I am glad to be able to report that M., last two doses have had the desired effect. I shall recommend your remedy to all my married friends. I think it )s excellent, and should I be in difficulty again myself. shouldat once apply to you." —From Mrs Garsid,e " I have muc b pLasure In sending you news of having relief the first morning, for which I am very thankful indeed. I shall always foe_ grateful for your Mixture, and if I need anything again, f will send to you. Address : Miss. DAMERAU, • Milton Cottage, Forest Hill. London

BIACKPOOL—Mrs. Layeoetc, Osborne House, 6, High- street—Comfortable APARTMENTS, near sea, station, and anausements ;piano.

Telephcne N0.55.e OBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Begs to announce that he has removed his OEces to the more convenient premises N. 1 BANK STREET, The Ground Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

SUITING BOGS from splendid pens of Black 124 Minereas, No. 1 pen 3s. 6d.. No. 2 pen 21. Black liecl Game 3s. per sltting.—Josimn CHIMER, jun., Bow Green. Bowdon.

TEDIA.N GAME EGGS from gratri lot of specially _1 selected birds of Prayn's and Gott's strains on un- limited grass. bs. Bitting; also eggs from pure white Leg- horns ; good Isying strain 45. sitting ; unfertile SOUTHWORTE, Hart's Head Hotel. Giggleswiek, Yorks. UGGS.—Grand Pens. (Prize Strains). ROCKS, ORPING- JD TONS, LIGHT BRAHMAS, SILVER WYA.NDOTTES, Houdans, Minorcas. Buff and White Leghorns, 35.. per dozen ; Buff. Cochin' and kat Orpingtons, 35. 6d. Incubators (copper tanks), 7) eggs 305.; Gift Smashers, 3s. Pure Cockerels from 45.—J. G. Powx.u.L, Sankey, Warrington.

VGGS PROM THB FINBA SPBOIMizNS and most ex- traordinary layers ever mated. My birds have grass runs. Begs an be had at once; Houdans. Minorcas, White Leghorns, White, Geld and fiat Wvandottes, Buff Rocks, Buff Orpingtonsinclian Runner and Aylesbury Ducks, 2s 6d. sitting Cambridge Bronze Turkeys; Cross Brnbden-Toulouse Geese.eggs 8d each. carefully packed; untertile replaced nspectlon of stock invited. —JOHN ROE, Poulton -le-Fylde.

EGGS. SINCLAIR'S EGGS. EG G PRODUCING POWDER. DEFIES COMPETITION. YOUR HEN'S will LAY Summer and Winter if you, use it. Send at once for sample Vb. tin; Is. carriage paid sufficient for 6 Hens, for 10 weeks. Once tried always used SOLE MAN UFACTURE R, F. SINCLAIR, THE HUT, HARROW, MIDDLESEX. EGGS. EGUS•

VOGS returning Thanks to my ILi patrons far rheir csrifidence placed in me last season, I may say that tram ports that have come to me my eggs gave general satisfactic and I shall do my best again this season. I have Black Minocras, Blue Andalusians, Hou ans, Red Caps, White Leghorns. Brown Leghorns, Indian Game, Buff Dochins, White Brahma. Langshans, Black Orping- tons, Light Prahmas, Plymouth Rocks and three pens of crosses - Buff Orpington cock, Brown Leghorn Buff Cochin hens; White Leghorn cock, with Light Brahma hens ; Dorking cock, with Indian Game Orpington hens, for table fowl. also Ducks—Rouens. Aylesbury and Indian runners. All eggs one price (save Indian Game) Is. 6d. per sitting to them that fetch their OWR eggs ; 3s. packed put on rail Indian game sis. All unfertile eggs replaced, but not addled eggs. The farm is Ave minutes walk from Lowton St. Mary's Station (M. S. AL. R.).—Addreas HENRY DRAPER. Poultry Breeder, Mather-lane, Lowton. Newton-le-Willows. No bus ness done on Sundays.

PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (just past Station, through Railway Arch). LARGEST AND MOST CONVENIENT GENERAL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT IN THE KINGDOM. TIDITTS'S have gained a distinctive and unique renown, having been universally proclaimed by Press and Public alike the LARGEST, BHST, and CHEAPEST GIaNERAL FURNISHERS, and the bargains PITTS'S are I constantly offering have well-merited the unbiassed eulo- giums thereon bestowed. As surely and as irresistibly as the magnet at:racts the steel, so do PITT •'S MARVELLOUS I BARGAINS in Furniture, Carpets, Bedsteads, Bedding, Pianos, Cycles, Bassinettes, Glass. China, draw from all parts of the country ever-increasing numbers of shrewd buyers anxious to secure them. Apart from countless com- plete furnishing orders from the Manchester locality. PITTS'S have recently booked similar good lines from such far away towns as Sheffield, Southport, Blackpool, Whitehaven, Leeds, Newcastle. Bradferd, Stoke, Lelceester, Crewe, Chester, ect. Now there are plenty of furniture shops in each of these places Then why do the people furnish at PIT'TS'S ? Simply bee use at PIT rs's there is INFINITELY BETTER SELECTION, at much LOWER PRICES, in fact very often a saving of float 25 t 053 per cent can be effected. and PITTs'S customers being thrifty and wide awake, knew this, and so Furnished at PITTS'S for about one half what they would have had to pay e'sewhere. The moral of this is obviously. GO THOU AND DO LIKEWISE, At PITT-S'S there is every con- venience for viewing, the vast premises are Electric lighted throughout. There are Hydraulic Passeoger Lifts to all floors, and whether buying or not PITTS'S will be pleased to show you round. PITTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151, 22i. 231, 38f, 50, 75. 100 up to 1000 guineas are at the prices AIN VERY BEST THAT MONEY CAN BUY , not only for the QUANTITY of articles bnt mere especially for the QUALITY thereof. Full particulars, Press opinions, and Testimonials on application. Cash prices only quoted, deterred payment by arrangement. PITTS'S FOR DINING-ROOM FURNITURE.—SpIendid Sr Re, American walnut. in rich Utrecht velvet, cost £45, for £l5 10s, Handsome Sideboard to match, cost £25, for £.1.0 10s. Extending Dining Table, cost £7 for £3 38. Grand Suite., American walnut end Arabian saddlebags. seat ' 55 guineas, for £lB. Magnificent Br ,wn Oak Suite, in real Morocco leather, cost 60 guineas, for 25 guineas. Colossal solid Oak Sideboard to match, profusely carved. cost £95, for I £36. Serviceable Salle in real is ,flier, £7 10s., cost £2O. An- other in velvet, £8 Bs. cost £22. Scores to select from at ex. ceptionally low prices. 1 PITTS FOR DRAWING ROOM FURNITURE. Exquisite I Chippendale Suite, solid rosewood, beautifully inlaid,' cost £55, for 24 guineas. Overmantel to match. cost £l5. for 6 guineas. Also Cabinet, cost £55. for 20 guineas. Italian Walnut Suite, in rich velvet, cost P. 35. for 15 guineas. One In tapestry cost £3O. for 12 guineas. Another irk embossed velvet, cost £2l for 8 guineas. Sitting-room Suite complete, Cost £2O, for 9 guineas. has couch, two easy and small chairs in Mahogany, or hair and leather ; sideboard, table. carpet, fender, and fire brasses. The Greatest Bargain ever offered. PITT'S FOR BEDROOM FUNNITURE.—Grand Solid American Walnut Suite, complete. cost £65. for 25 guineas. Splendid Satin M ft,nut Suite, Cost £45, for 18 guineas. Ash Sulte,cost £2s.for 11 guineas, Entire contents of Bedroom for 7 guineas, worth double, contains wardrobe, pair of toilet tables, chest of drawers, pedestal cupboard, towel rail, three chairs, toilet glass,brass mounted bedstead, mattresses. wool bed, bolster, two 'Allows. carpet, fender. and toilet ware, ah complete. Massive all brass Bedstead. cost £lO, for 5 guin.aas. Brass mounted Bedsteads, spring and wool mattresses full size and quality, for n gaineas.well worth double. PITTS'S OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE has stood pre-eminent for over fifty years. Largest. best, end cheapest stock. Every description of Desks, Tables, Stools, Chairs, Bookcases, bales, Copying Presses, at about half city prices, at Q AMUBL PITTS'. Established 1845. 1,/ LONDON-ROAD (close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just through South Junction Railway Arch. Ardwick, Longsight. and Belle Vue cars pass the door.

FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. Will positively remove the most OBSTINATH OBSTRUC- TIONS, Irregularities, etc., in a few doses. Guaranteed the most powerful and strongest on earth. Failure is impossible It acts like magic in the most long-standing and intricate ob.tructions. Ladies will save time. trcuble, and expense by coming to an experienced SpecJAM at first. Post free under cover, securely packed, with full directions' and advice. FOUR SHILLINGS AND SIXPEACE per Bottle with WRITTEN GU A RANTER OF CURB. Thousands of Testimonials like the following. Full name and address will be v Illingly given " For PISTE MONTHS I have been trying pills, medicine tabules, and other mixtures in vain, but one bottle of your 1 pleasant remedy put me all right again."—Mrs, " Have tried nearly every advertised remedy for over FOUR MONTHS, but yours cured me with one bottle Shall be pleased to answer any lady as to the truth of this. —Mrs. M, If you are in doubt as to which r-mecly to send for, write for my 100-paged book of Testimonials, showing you why the Others cannot cure you. MRS. hOSIII, 2. ARTHUR TENRAOR, LOWE:Mr? OAD LONDON. S.R. 1 DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate cases Within 12 hours. Success guaranteed in every ease, however lonk standing. THOUSANDS Or GENUINE TF.STIMONIA LS. 2s. 9d. boat free 3d.:extm. To be had only O. DBAN, MEDIOALIMERBALIST, 113, Gray's In Road, Lon,4on.W

GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod 1.1 Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hutme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogueof wheel and pulley 'patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

• TIS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY DlRECT.—Tlaere- fore, Telephone " Avenue 5,891," or Telegraph " Subae- tral, London" (A.B.C. Code used) ør write THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL 00..19 and 20,WATER-LANE.GREAT TOWER-STREET LONDON. B.C. The Beet and Cheapeet NON-CORROSIVE MACHINERY and ENGINE OILS In the World. end for FREE ORDER FORM and PRICE LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU.

111 HE WARRINGTON GAS LNGINII —For superiority of design, efficiency of working, simplizity of valve arrangement, and freedom from delicate mechania-n, the above engine is pr-eminent. Intending purchasers would do well before buying elsewhere, to see this engine working 2 H.P., and /I P. in stock. Gas Engine repairs undertaken by experienced workmen.-14. FORMAW AND SON, Engineers, Boilermakers, Iron and Brass Founder, Warrington.

pA TEN T OFFIO MANCHESTER. BEITA.BLISIIED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha .0 more than 4C yeara' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess practica 'knowledge of the-cotton, woollen,' and iron manufactares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, -price 65. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, & SON, F.1.P.A.. M.S.A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PECKETT AND SO S, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS BRISTOL. Rave hi Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest Improvernenta. lull particulars on application

Itiontp. „ E 1.50,000 tn from 3 os T - - oPu ERM OCRUTNGIA G ti 7; bi In SUMS to suit BORROW NHS in any part of the COUNTRY j. W. READER, 6, Cook-It,, Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

NO PRELIMINARY PHIC•I CHARGED. nOSHY LENT PAIVATELY TO FARMERS, TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSH-RHEYHRS. and Othe,s, in sums of VO uo to £5O. on Borrowers own FRO- misSORY NOTE without sureties, at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arranged to meet borrowers requirements. NO RILL- ON' oALH TAR IM —Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYN‘C. Accountant, 20. Kennedy-street, Manchester. Establhhed 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK CORPORATION-Sf MANaIIiaTRR. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments, or in sue sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminar- fees chargei.—Apply to MR. RICHARD WOOD, Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. %4 R. JOHN H. GOODWIN conticues to make ADVANOIie Int. PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable licuseholders, on their own security. ritONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCR. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, in your simple written premise to nay ban.—Apply et VIC- TORIA CHAM/3Elf5 (foot of the Centrall3tation), WIDNES, and In WARRINOTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Application, from RUNCORN and District aenerally receive precisely Um same attention.

_ UNION CR ED IT SANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office 38, RENSH tW-STRIINE, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon Promissory Notes, Deeds, Policies. Shares. Bcc.. at the following scale of charges RIO repayable Sc. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O , , 20s. .. £3 Bs. 64.. £lOO „ 40s. 6 16s. Od, Any otker Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal applicatioa. RICHAKD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 21, to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

rPI EL DIN G'S LIMITED: LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. LOANS ,t 3 To 0e500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurauce Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £.5 „ 2/6 ~ £2l 10/- ElO 6/- „ £25 ~ 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will reneivA prompt attention. Mee hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH VV ADS WORTH, District Agent, 121, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON ---- NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES. MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale, Publicity, or Fees, from one month to live years. TE NATIJNAL ERCANTILE BANK, 3, 1 'COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS. CROSS-STREET, Established 1872. MANCHESTER. Capital, £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stAted period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge preliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objeotional Loan Office routine is entirely distensed with. Apply In strictest confidence to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, gesident Manager, NOTE—SPECIALLY ADVANTAGEOUS 'TERMS for LOANS on LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND MORTGAG kS. NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. A PRIVATE GIaNTLRMAN, having a considerable sum of uninvested money at his disposal, is prepared to advance the same to all respectable and responsible Pcrsons in any part of England or Wales, in sums oi not less than RIO to klOOO on Borrowers own SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO REPAY. without sureties or security. No Deily. NO Law Coda. . THE STRICTE:- PRIV iCY IS GUARANTEED and, if desirtd, a writ_ u in.dertaking will be given to this effect. Advances also made on Mortgages and reversions at low rates of Interest repay ,ble by easy instalments. or in one sum to suit the Borrowers onvenience. Cr. if desired, the Capital can remain as long as the interest is paid. For full particulars (free of charge), apply personally or by letter (stating amount required) to. MR. W. STEWART, 2,000 PR STRRRT, MANCHESTHR•

DON'T WASTE MONEY By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, Claim to supply Seeds on the most economical system in the World, and thereby defy competition. 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Of Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONR PIiNNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities. -- .PRESS OPINIONS. "We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny .Packet System) "in here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard." "An experience of several years justifies the pronouncing I of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger I and more costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to mike their gardens look bright duriag the coming season in a very economical and effective , manner."—" Horticultural Times." LIST OF VEGRTABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS' SENT GRATIS AN POST FREE. Our OOMPLET ILLUSTRATED OATALOGUE, contain- ing Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, Flardy Plants, kc., with cie.criptions and cultural directions, and 500 Illustrations, the whole forming a complete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

4e2 FOR A LETTER OF TWENTY LINES, OfALSO £2 FOR FOUR VERSES. We will give £2 for four verses of not more than eight I lines each, or for a le..ter of not more than twenty lines, describing a spring cleaning. What we consider the best and cleverest verses, and the best letter, will each be awarded £2. ¶1 hey must be sent, post paid. on or before 30th April, 1898, and accompanied by a receipt fer something used for spring cleaning, bought at any of the branches of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. You will get a receipt for everything you buy at the shops of BOOTS, Cash Chemists. For addresses in your town see below. Two or mere sets of verses or two or more letters will be accepted from one sender, but each set must be aocompanied by a separate receipt. The decision of the Manager of the competition must be accepted as final. • Write Plnin'y and give your Address. ADDRESS your letter to— MR. PRING CLEANER, Care of ROOTS, Cash Chemists, Nottingham. THE FOLLOWING GAINED THE £2 PRIZE LAST YEAR. FROM MRS. ANNIE JACKSON, NORTHAMPTON. 'Twos time for the dreaded spring cleaning; And oh. how my heart did grieve. For my husband was looking sulky, And the servant gave notice to have. The baby had got the measles. But for that we might not delay, For had not our rich old maiden aunt said she was coming to stay. Spring cleaning must therefore be done at once, For her eyes, though old, were keen. And even the tiniest Bpec4. of dirt Or cobweb would surely be seen. So no wonder I felt downhearted At the thom.ht of so macho be done, And tears gather's fast till a bright idea Dispered them as mist before sun. • • How could I have been so stupid As forget what ' Boots " could do, To their store then I quickly hurried. Sponding a shilling or too; Then home again just as quickly, With 'S Gold Paint 'S and bright •* Varnish Stain," 'Wills' Cleansing Cloudy Ammonia 1\ hich never yet let dirt remain. And now all the work is ended, We are clean as a bright new pin, " Furniture Cream" has polished, And " Soft Soap " been well rubbed in. With such wonderful help the servant No longer at leaving moots ; But, best of all, auntie '*ill leave us her cash, Thanks to the " Cash Chemists, Boots." SPRING CLEANING. No need to smother your rooms with stuffy carpets No need of French polishers Everything may be dune decently and in order by the la ty of the house! USE BOOTS' VARNISH STAINS which give a brilliant polish in Oak, Walnut, Mahogany, Ac. Staining and Varnishing Woodwork at one operation. Price 40., Bd. and Is. sd, per bottle. MORGAN'S GOLD & SILVER PAINT As used by Cabinet Makers, Gliders and Decorators. Has the original brightness of Gold, easy of application, and unrivalled in appearance. BOOTS reduJed price, Is. bottle for 70. WILLS' CLEANSING CLOUDY AMMONIA, Reduced price, 10d. per bottle. HOUSEMAID'S GLOVES. WAsH LEATHERS, FURNITURE CREAM, SOFT SOAP, VAENISH STAINS. BRUNSWICK BLACK Ao., Ac., Ac. of the heat quality are sold at the lowest prices. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS. Local Addresses : • 3' P BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, .kc

'• .405 srooOssakil 05er4,44 .fci.Wit,—Nsit. ts-% Aver:l ott"4'it '403 elfai Set ta*:` ef BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAIN S A NEW DEPARTURE! GOODS DIRECT FROM THE FACTOR TO THE PURCHASER, AT TIIH NE DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 405 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, RETAIL QUANTITIB-1 CAN BE HAD AT WHOLESALE PRICES. . A LARGE STOCK OF BOYS' AND MEN'S L:s OHIRTS AND SIIIRTINGS, G-RANDRILLS, &C. ALSO SKIRTS AND SKIRTINGS, FLANNELETTES, A LAUGH VARIETY OF APRONS. LADIES' UNDERCLOTHING, io., do. NOTE PRICES. . BOIS' SHIRTS (Cotton or Flannelette,) from 3d. MEN'S SHIRTS „ Oid. ! BOY'S UNION SHIRTS „ 10d. MEN'S UNION SHIRTS „ 2s. WOMEN'S APRONS ... ~ SHIRTING TO BE GIVEN AWAY 1 To every purchaser of one of our Celebrated Oxford Shirts, which we are selling at the marvellously low prices of is. 10d. and 25., will be given, entirely free of cost, yard of the same material. THE LARGEST AND CHEAPEST STOCK EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT' Compare our prices with so called" Sale" or " Bankrupt Stock "prices and judge for yourselves. DON'T FAIL TO SECURE SOME OF THE GREAT BARGAINS OFFERED AT CORNS' NEW DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 40, LUTTERMARKRT STREET, WARRINGTON

COOPER AND Co.'s TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. Unequalled for PURITY. FRAGRANCE and STRENGTH. LEADING PRICIER. 1/9 1/4, 1/6 & 1/8 PER LB. THE BEST VALUE OFFERED. HAM S. HAMS. COOPER AND CO.'S ARE THE FINEST PROCURABLE. FROM 52D. PER LB. COOPER AND CO.'S reputation for High- -01481 GOODS Is known all over the kingdom, and they never offer any GOODS of inferior quality to allow them to quote apparently low prices. r Fully Detailed Price Lists Free. Central WarGhouses— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON, AND BRANCHES ALL OVER THE KINGDOK. Local Branch :- 4, -BUTTERAIAREET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

Ebe "Gyamintr" bertesS OF LAIMASE/BE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- Hailed every Saturday meriting. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday fternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Satur- day morning, and Tin: Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTh. APARTMENTS WANTEL fi OUSFS WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od 27.. ~ Os. 94. ... is. 104. ... 3s. Od. 36 ls. Od. ... 25. 64. ... 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 35. 14. ... ss. W. 54 ls. 64. ... 3s. Bd. ... Cs. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise.. naent inserted on credit under is. per insertion.

£250 REWARD.

Some malicious opponents have been propagating a libel to the effect that Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, Ltd., have been prosecuted and fined for adulteration. It is needless to say that these statements are abso- lutely devoid of a particle of truth, and any person who will enable the Company to secure a conviction against anyone making this statement will receive the above reward. Mews. MARTIN & NICHOLSON, Solicitors 29. Queen St., Cannon St., London, E.C. April, 1898.

muNyoNss FREE coupAm va. MEDICAL ADVICE BY MAIL. THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED EVERYBODY CORDIALLY INVITED TO ACCEPT THIS GREAT FREE OFFER.

YOUR ATTENTION PLEIL.SE ! Sufferers frees Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains In the Bea: I Dropsy, Wind and Water Ooriplaint, Mantissa of Yldneys Bladder. Stone. dillatitia. Rheurnatlem, and Gout will And • possitivs Cure in Hoidroyd's Gravid Pills. Try a small boa and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices ie. lid.. of all Chemists, or poet free for 12 stamps. from HOLDBOIDA. Medical Hall, Obeekbeaten. Yorks. Sold at 3.5. Bridge-street Warrington. Don't be put oft If you manet get them write to the Proprietor and a box will a snub ne.ti post—Advt.

GREAT TRIUMPH. WARNER'S SAFE CURE FOR KIDNEY AND URINARY DISEASES. Prescribed by Physicians OF ALL Countries. DISTINGUISHED PROOF OF MERIT. The only remedy which cures , BRIGHT'S DISEASE. "Look to your Kidneys and Good Health will be Yours." Send for Pamnitlet and Diet Rules io— H. H. WARNER & CO., 86, Clerkenwell Road, London, E,C. Price 2,9 and 4,6 per bottle. HOLD ALL OVER THE WORLD. 011,' VI ; , w .. ' —• . ,A'' ,1... ...'. . ' • • ,----. In ISPENSABLE TO LADIES I Particularly those who desire a quick, asfe and reliable and non-injurioue remedy for all obstructions and Irregularities, a medi- tine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady teed despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honer Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your invaluable retneEy took immediate affect; in less than 13 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of raitiery and hopelessness.' A properly certified guarantee is enclosed with testimonials and medicine. One package at 1/6 is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- lars and proofs. I will forfeit £2,000 if the testi- rnonials are not genuine. Thousands of unsolicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies Which are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. Nottor,—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have the largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and only harmless medicine of its kind f-r ladies, and cur" more Patients in one month than all other Female IRemedies out together in twelve months. This can be proved by our Testimonials. If you require more particulars, I will send you per return Book ( c'l post, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid a in 34 pages) and Guide cloth covers, 60 pages and gustratlons of Ladies App lances), and full particulars the wonderful effective remedies as advertised and sold in every town and village in Great Britain. Consultations Free every day 3to 7. Established over zoo Years. Do not delay, but write at once privately to . MADAME FRAIN, swam Institute, Hackney Road, London.o4 (OPV,-"e Shoreditch Church.)

„,,,,” ~,,•X N.„ ~.. .. ~ \ r• -.... • _,,, , ...- --- , ere,, ,-•K` - .-==.,-, ' iTv -:.-• - -.....7: "' . ----- ,'': v _ 1 ...- - - • 0 RS ETS _ • *: * 0 ~,, ,''''',r.',:ii: 1 HIGH-GRADE MANUFACTURES. * .(t 4. _;'.' , ..,fv, .., ?ilt 10", :',' ECONOMIC IN PRICE. t,* ~ ~ e t. - % „.,•4. . . 0 . Perfection of Shape. , Best Materials. Ne , ,0;',07. '0 14,-.- „ ,-','-ft High-class Work. , ....til, '...• British Manufacture. ' D "USTLESS 'I ZAIROID” BUSKS AO SUPPORTS. • 7t, Various Shapes for all figures. . :4e ' - r We recommend Z6B Black, 5/6: ZB7 White. I Vrench Grey, or Putty, '5/6. , , 'tunable to obtain,write to W. Pretty & , Son, Ipswich, for illustrated list, and ' r particulars as to where procurable. •- , *Ass** ** ***. *,

RAVE YOU A BAD LEG Virral wounds that discharge or otherwise, wham 7.. surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when Ikess your finger on the inflamed part it leav as the ins- If so, under the skin you have poison that defies • 'oe remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you p▪ e_.ver tan recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. ..71111.Pe your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; 'oe same with the ankles round which the skin may be dis- eoloured, or there may be 'wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the Power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals ad had medical advice, and been told your case is hopeless or advised to submit to am- but do not, for I 'CAN CURE YOU. I don't say Perhaps; but I WILL, Because others have failed Is no reoreattn tor not now being cured. Seed at once aPo stal Order ed. to C. w. ALBIIIIT, 73, FARRINGDO N-STRICIET In:Ealr, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS ZtlailePis a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs Atu s es. Ulcerated Joists, Carbuncles, Pols 3161 lan (Registered Copytight.)

FITS ORI EPILEPSY, GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS.' tbke CIIIITAIN RTHOD of CURE has been discovered for msur ulstressing oompl tints. It is never know* to fall, mad °,lre the most boneless Oalle after all other mean. have tried. Full particulars free of all charge. Address : MR. WILLIAMS, 11. DURWOOD PLACE, HYDE PARK, LONDON.

IMPORTANT TO YOU. a man lute suffered for years with a weakness that atQl-.11 h a life r.nd robs him of all his pleasures ; When. tit-i Years of doctoring with all swat of patent medicines, 111.11nde et kat the right treatment, which brings back to tet,'"44 power and energy that seemed lost for ever, that ohould have every reason to be thankful.. litott'ADICAL TREATISE (96 Pages) on this scientific and 1141,,05,ocesstri method for the rapid and permanent cure of 41114:41 Debility and the kindred physical and ervous thVA, also on Diseases of the Skin, gladder, Blood, aid Laose,,,, System may be obtained by post, in envelope, on R",.11416,ef 4 Stamps, by writing to day to Masses. it,SONJ.ND CO.. 3 AND 4, FITZALAN-SQUARB, Inc nxarried and single men should avail himself of k'horo"„m,!tnnitv to secure a cony of this valuable book, which 4IY explains the different ailments arising from worry and their rapid and permanent cure. SEALED. ADDRESS_ kessrs. WILKINSON, & Co Pitzalan Square, Sheffield. ESTABLISHED 1830 (68 YEARS.)

!,,ettOttr.nrE I Po TUE TEETH AND FlREATEL—Tholonebly it.',Za the teeth from all parasites or impurltuss, hardens preve ts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the thelleculiat pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance "ce pin'rea.th. Price 2s. 6d for "he liquid, or Is. per jar for 44bt•-rilint "Powder," of all Chemiate and Perfumers.— ,

:lOW Mil[o-0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0000 0-BLAISDELLO a ONLY e $ * USE BLAII-SDELL , 184 k SELF I et POINTING pENoI All Colours. Colours. All Grades. Black Lead Id. and 2d. No Waste. Best Leads. Coloured Crayons 2d. and 3d. SOLD EVERYWHERE. SAMPLE BOX OF 5 PENCILS 1/- FREE BY POST IN THE U.K. BLAISDELL PENCILS LIMITED, 46, HOLBORN VIADUCT, LONDON, E.C.

• e .at-=awr.--4 v., (.4 • • •

is not only a specific. It is more. It im- proves nutrition and enables the system to resist the cough. If you are susceptible to coughs, colds, bronchitis and similar ailments, you cannot say you are well, for you are not. You need Scott's Emulsion. In Scott's Emulsion you find cod-liver oil, hypophosphites and glycerine in a form agree- able to take and casy of digestion. TASTE SCOTT'S AND YOU WILL TAKE NO OTHER. SCOTT & BOWNE, LTD., LOHDOIi, E.C. ALL CHEMISTS. 2/6 AHD 4/6.

TRADE 4-: '',l% , MARK ,---• • ........,:\ • / 1100 r E I ( S 4. Imil.".':t' , • 6\,)i_ yr. • , 7;, 'e. -C't",-,.: , C A- g I ‘,, •-•k\.------/ .i":r!,.7 ...:ii. ,A i ' ' -,-._l„ ~t-*tty ;4.7i,--sc:4 V / . ,---,-- BRITAIN'S ,ft,,,,1„,,,,ei lis ewf • -‘,.:.,. -.vm,,, A 14110 SH . ......... : xr BICYCLE. ......,'. -, - • i

IST FREE as URE IRISH LIEN IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET IRISH LINEN Guaranteed all Pure Flax. ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dome. Gents' size, 3/13. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beautl. fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 111- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. !lasi," LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 pec dozes ;ma /4e spec.al to pat. ,r 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/'9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. NAPKINS, 2/6 and 46 per dozen. DINNER Y APKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. iRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4td. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SIMPLICR IRISH L [NEN LINEN, yard wide, WI. per yard. Huckaback TOWELSs 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS F(7FORSy MNI E R AND I EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all. Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Wear. Durability! y and Style. Please say I.f for Ladies or Gents' ear. IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. Fl LI TTON 86 CO., LARNE, I HELANDZ A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHES'T 1) WITH a prudent use, has saved Many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound such 83 COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal otoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well. may be set down as the best.—Observer. C OCKLE'S FREE FROM MERC ANT/B/Lioijs S Fil 7 , i , .

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions, It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 111 i. of all Chemists. M. BEETHAM &SON, Chemists, HELTENHAM. TOWLE'sI"S"TIEVTILLS FOR , FEMALES. QIIICIILy CORRECT ALL IRREGIILLUTITEC, RRTIOVR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the dist.,essing symptoms SO prevalent with theses,. Boxes, & 2,9 (eon tains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Bent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE a Go.. Slanufacturers, Dryden St., NottingbanS. Beware o Imitations i unions a • w• - - — - _

Quality is the important requisite which is p. ,ifst by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- sence. • Makes a cup in a moment.

THE GREAT REMEDY. 40/4) int x p 1;1-1 /AI Ter ET] 7.) hjer I.wf f.top raa PILLS FOE GOUT HHIIUMATISNI, SCIA LICA, LUAthAtO The lixcruclating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Sa e an ffectual All Chemists and Stores 15.1',(1 snd 2s. 93.b0 x.

Toevaosoosrooooesam.oaceocma Satisfactory alike to guest and host is coffee made with S ; Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essence. Sold in small and large ; bottles by Grocers everywhgre. evsee•ol••••••4 o.<o

, I S N TAZ MID' LITCLES I CYCLES V For Ladies and ci • ~(4illks, • ~ AJAX'Gentlemen, a are finest ;20 vYatL Carriage Paid.3o per cent. 4. cheaper ,than elsewhere. ~....., tt•-•:4_,.... Ait,' q, .._ -__,.„.?,,,_ .meomean.ent•tock.Netw and ..."* 'AI F°rßomha it Easy terms. -- —............-- OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED. 898 Illustrated Lists Post Frea. Lard , Cly de Riding School , THE BRITISH CYCLE MANUF ‘CTURING CO., 45, EVERTON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. City Branch : 30, ELLIOTT-STRE ta, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 AnBeld

These tiny Capsules relieve' kidney and Bladder trouble prSinptly. They lire superior to Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, and cure in forty-eight hours' the same diseases without inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name Mldy.' Sold by all Chemists, or post free 3'6, from WILCOX a CO., 83,111ortlmer St.„Loedon.W.

FOR ACHES AND PAINS. Rub In For Rheumatic Pains, Lumbago, Sprains, Bruises, • Fresh Cuts, • • • Sore Throat from Cold, ; Chest Colds, • • Neuralgia from Cold, • Stiffness from Severe Exercise: • Elliman's " The only Genuine Elliman's RUB ON Elliman's s. Din the CAIN, e Market." Elliman's and aPtan' Trainer, Elliman's Brooklyn Athletic (1,, Elliman's • July Ist, 1897. FOR ACHES AND PAINS Rub In Ell• e Sri 1 Bottles, Bld., 1/11-, 2/9, 4/- Jars—u/- and 22/- Prepared only OY— ELLIMAN, SONS & CO.. Slough, Eng. 1 TralinnECalarCEMlXllll=l234

MADAM j DU VAL'S LAVENDER PILLS FOR LADIES. SPIINDY, S APB AND CSRTAIN. IN 902/136 28. 9d. nnd 41. 64. Post free. Secretly packed from biA.DAIAS DU VAL. 47. ST. MARTA CH AMB.RS, ST. MARY AXE, lA,NDON, B.C.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and ,ompounds, which do you no good, but only rum your digestive orgms write to me and I will send you a ok which des.vihesa QUICK AND CgIITAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, so., from whatever cause arising, NO STOMACH MSDICINE, NO !MSC- TRICITY. bent in envelope on receipt ot two stamps for postage. A. J. LEME, isq2-93. Great Russell-str et, London. W.O

WO M EN'S AILMENTS. RREGULARITIRS, &o.—A Lady, having tried in vain 1 every advertised remedy, ha l at list disoovTed Skop!. (Jure, which will act in a tew hours, no matter how stubnorn the case. Bone-file sufferers can get it FRER of CHARMS by enclogin4 4.1.,n0arl etay,lope. Don't exiwtment with Worthless Pills, Mixtures. Cones. and other Injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPI?. and 00 DHNOLC to Mrs. D. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings Chancery-louse, London.

LET MEDICINE ALONE AND °7l ,67; 0,17 LP-74 0 As:r Your Cherish 3o:e makers :—THE EV.3"

For brain workers, business and professional men, journalists, artists, statesmen, clergymen, the "D.C.L." Malt Extract is an almost Indis- pensable help, not only to the preservation of health, but to the maintenance of working efficiency. Medicine is generally unavailing against dysTepsia, and the true and rational remedy is the D.C.L." Malt Extract, which is not an additional tax on the stomach, but a powerful ally that eases the burden, and thus gives the organ time to right itself without lowering the system by deprivation of nourish- ment. The constituents of "D.C.L." Malt Extract include those life-giving properties— phosphate of lime, which builds up the bone and tissue, malt sugar, dextrine, and albumenoids, important nutritive elements, and diastase, which acts as a digestive agent, especially in regard to starchy foods. The use of "D.C.L." Malt Extract diffuses a secret satisfaction throughout the entire system, and no other toed so readily takes the fancy of children and In- valids. It can be obtained combined with Cod Liver Oil, and in that form is an Ideal prepara- tion for fortifying the system against cold. V for "D.C.L." Malt Extract. 'ILLERS Co., Limited, EDINBURGH.

GREAT DEMAND FOR CYCLES! PLACE YOUR ORDERS AT ONUS 11! SPECIAL LADIES' AND GENTS' IVIACHINES, itB ISS, TO XlO 10S. NEW HOWE GENTS' CYCLES £l2 103 NEW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 153. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES £1.3 Os. EXCELSIOR LADIES' CYCLES £l4 Os. PREMIER GENTS' CYCLES £l4 Os. PREMIER LADIES CYCLES £l4 Os. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10s. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES £l7 10s. SEE WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. GARLAND, CYCLE FACTOR, 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ejokN ECCLES, ENGINEER, FALCON WORKS, JOLIN-ST.. WARRINGITON. MANUFACTURnit 01 SCALES, WEIGHING mecHiNsa Aim WHIGHBRIDGMS poR ALL PITRPOSES. IMPROVED WIRE AND SPRING TES Minn. MINIM TURNTABLES, RAILWAY PLANT, AC. Repairs undertaken in any Part of the Country by Experienced Workmen. ENQUIRIES SOLICITED. EASTER FLLIDAYS.

KEN WORTHY'S PATENTS. CURTAINS MAT NOW BR CLHANIOD AT HOME. " HANDY" CURTAIN STRETCHER. " EQUIPOISH " WRINGER MANGLE. "PARAGON WASHER WRINGER MANGLE. "CANADIAN" WASHIIR. 303,000 SOLD, AWARDED 30 MEDALS. ALPHA WORKS, OLDHAM.

BOOTEI ROYD'S NOTED PIANOS. BEST VALUE IN THE TRADE. Per Cash or payable Monthly. PIANOS FROM 10s. wfoximilr. °ROANS FROM ss. MONTHLY. 134; BOTTOM OF BILIDGE-iTRERT. WARRINGTON! Don't miss seeing our AUTOiIATIO POLIIPHONS. for Hotels. 13anqueting Halls, etc. Also our Stoat of ErattrAclerel Piano an i Stool Drapes.

IVIESSRS. THOMAS NVHuITLI &Cl (Batablished 1829). CURRIBRS, LRATHRR XIBRCHANTS, AND STRAP MANUFACTURSRS, 49 AID Si, BUTTERRIARKRT-STREBT, WARRINGTON.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. . TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Bach patient infornrd beforehand the 008 t wor Wt. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate. charges. TEETH. An3M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless liztorifteit,Lotaroas h us itherto by the sub TEETS. Maker to Dentists of 10,0001gallorts we9kly., Brora.lof the late J. H. PARKINsoN (Diumurr BY SIAM,) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREKT., (NIT. Tim. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CUURCII-STREET,. T. HELENS, GLOTSGE-STREET, 11ARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. &Ass WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SA.NIERT4O RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGII-1327. NORTHIVICH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPratrisitiorr-eT

MA R.RIAGES. Bowican—Baearonn.—On Thursday. April 21st, by license. as Goltorne-street Baptist Chapel, Warrington, by the lierf• Andrew Bowden, father of the bridegroom. assisted by the Rev. J. T. Schofield. minister of the church, the Pev. Hopkins, of Ashton under-Lyne, and the Rev. IL Moore. a Liverpool, Andrew Carson Bowien, of Ashton-nnder-Lye.. to Agnes Btlmford, third daughter of the late Alfred Balm - ford Rio , of Warrington. fbaus—Htesam—April 9th, at the Parish Church. Warring .- ton, by the Rev. Canoj Willis, John Seed to Alma' Higham. IIIOWERDS —CRITCH.LET—AprII 10h, at the Parish Churel4 I Warrington, by the Rev. A.F. White, John William WaltesS Edwards to Elizabeth Ann Critcbley, Bleats—Wman—April 13th, at the Parish Church, Warring- ton, by the Rev. A. F. White, John Dean to Jane Elias- betb Witter. BALDRY—CLARKE —April 14th, at the Parish Church, War" rin,gton, by the Rev. Canon Willis, Samuel Baldry to Marl Clarke. DEATHS. MEINLET—AprII 12th, at Brookfield-terrace, Penketis, age 4 21 years. Joseph Booth Manley, second son of John also Ellen Maialey. Interment at St. Mary's Cemoteri*. to-day (Saturday) at 3 o'clock. 'arra—April Tth, at Foundry-street, Warrington.. Sophia Smith. aged 71 years. lARSIC -Aprll Bth. at Mason-street, Warrington. Hannah Marsh, aged 22 years. ;Haw —April 9th, at Orford-street, Warrin, Peter Shaw, aged 1 year. OAT—April EGO. at Tanners-lane, Warrington, Margaret Dal. aged 28 years. FORSTER—ApriI 10th, at Lytlagoes-lane, Warrington, Job „ Forster, Need 9 years. Law's—April 11th, at Lord Nelson-street, Warringtab Charles Lewis. aged 30 years. PAT— A pri I 12th, at Lain-street, Warranton, Ellen Fat aged 1 year, PAltKEß—Epril 13th, at Pierpoint-street.. Warrington,Ther"li Parker, aged 40 years.

FRIARS' (URN, WAIIIINOTOS (Opposite Arpley egolion). ST. ARS) AND 00., MONUMENTAL W SCULPTORs, MARBLE MASONS, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, idcanments,Tolll7 Tablets. Pulpits, Fonts, He.clitoues in Ornaite. Marble. 911 Stone. Designs and &theists& Free. LBTTER-OUTTI AG, AND OLVANING BXIS ruici 110NUIRKNTS A tiPMDALTY.

,

I I
