===== 0002601_18980812_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW tqav,„ lORR. direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL Not.". Ironic and PRILADELPIIIA eyavy WEDNES tPvl/4\ JOHN WALKER AN " EXAMINER " OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR ADELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STBAISTSUS train LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
THROUGH LAKE-LAND T 9 THE ISLE OF MAN. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8.30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 11.0 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 23s. 6d. Trains run Third class and Saloon 15s. Od. alongside Third class and Fore Cabinals Od. steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice versa, can Bow be obtained at following fares 1— First-class and Saloon l9s. Od. Third-class and Saloon l3s. 61. Third-class and Fore Cabin 9s. 6d. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE" is now on the service. There will be EXTRA sailing. every SATURDAY, July 9th to SEPTEM- BEE 3rd in oonnection with train leaving Warrington at 12,25 p,na.—JAMES LITTLE joo.,lsArrow.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S AILMENTS. RREGULARITIRS, Lad) , having tried in vain every advertised remeay, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, wilier' will act in a few hours, no matter how stubborn the case. Bona-fide sufferers can get it FREE of CHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment with Worthless Pills. Mixtures' Cones, and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPE and CONFI MINCE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR,I46,] Southampton Buildings Chancery-lane, London.

ANTIQUE FURNITURE. . G. AND J. WEAVER,

are Ibrhibithig

SPECIMENS OF FINE OLD FURNITURE

AT 86, BRIDQE-STRBET. See Windows.

MISS ISOBEL RIGBY, 84, BRIDGB•STRIIRT, WARRINGTON, BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, .FLORAL BASKETS, FLORAL EMBLEMS, tkc, LONDON 137ILJTS.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED. MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

BIG B DAY AT C. & WA. BIG B DAY AT C. & W.'s. LAST WEEKS OF SALE. AUGUST 20m, IS THE BIG BARGAIN DAY for SHEETS, &c. BIG BARGAIN DAY for CURTAINS &c. BIG BARGAIN DAY for PRINTS, &c. BIG BARGAIN DAY for GENT'S SHIRTS. BIG BARGAIN DAY for GENT'S HOISERY,&a. FOR ONE DAY ONLY,

SATURDAY, NEXT, AUGUS'T 20TH. A Few BARGAINS as below : VULL-SIZED BLANKETS, slightly soiled, limited quantity, worth 108 lid per pair

Alhambra

CIOLOURED QUILTS. sej Quilts, worth Is 9d each is 60 each COLOURED Alhambra QUILTS, new designs, worth 25 lidis Bid eaeh CLREY Twill SHEET3,onIy a limited kit quantity GREY Twill SHEETS, Fall Size, worth 2s Ilk per pair PURE Medium CALICO, Bleached, very speeial, worth 3d per yard. No Purchaser allowed to have more than 2 dozen yards 1) INCH Plain Grey CALICO 4'J Heavy make, worth 28 110 doze. le llid doz yda CLI.REY Damask Table CLOTHS, very special, worth Is 60. To be cleared at 102 d each

IB pair

lid yard

AUGUST 20TII.

BIG BARGAIN DAY for PRINTS, SATEENS, SKIRT LENGTHS, LAWNS. BIUSLINS, ORRPONS. IDD LOTS, Printed Crepons, v_or Sateens and Muslin. White stripe worth qd to 6fl 2d yard WHITE CREPON, Coloured Silk Stripe and eheek,worth 9,11 per yard 6d yard GRASS LAWN with Coloured Silk Stripe worth 61d per yard .. 4d yard SICIRT LENGTHS, Skirt Lengths, Skirt .Lengths worth is 3d, 21 yards in

9d Length 40.1K1 lßenrgthi:E.N GTHS, Striped Moreau SKIRT LENGTH, 2t yards in length worth 4s lid each 2B Length AUGUST 20TEI, BIG BARGAIN DAY for : GENTS' SHIRTS, GENTS' GLOVES, GENTS' HOSIERY, GENTS' TIES, &c. UENTS' BLUE FRENCH PRINT SHIRTS. Gents Soft Printed Oxford Lounge Shirts worth from 213 lid each. is 6d ea3h QElsi TS' TAN KID and CALF GLOVES. Boys' Tan Kid and Calf GLOVES. Also Black in good sizes CIENTS' MERINO SOCKS Tan shades. worth 61d pair 2ld pair GENTS' LINEN CUlt FS 3 Studs, Square Corners, worth so pair 3;d pair

===== 0002601_18980812_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL THE ABOVE FOR

SATURDAY ONLY, AUGUST 20ni. BIG BARGAIN DAY LOOK OUT FOR AUGUST 27m

FUNERALS FURNISHED C OMPLETELY

REFRESHMENTS FREE TO PURCHASERS.

We Close on Wednesdays at 1 o'clock. CROSBY AND WALKER LIMITED. 82, 84, 86 AND 88, OLDHAM-STREET. MANCHESTER

===== 0002601_18980812_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE

CHEESE.

NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., CROSS LANE, EARLESTOWN,

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CYCLE FACTORS.

We hold the largest Stock in the district to select from, comprising the following well-known makes, viz. :

RUDGE-V7IIITWORrH, LTD., NEW HUDSON CYCLES, COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES,

SUNBEAM .CYCLES, BAYLISS, THOMAS, AND CO., EXCELSIOR CYCLES, ROVER CYCLE CO., ROYAL ENFIELD CYCLE CO.

All the above makes : will be on view at

SHOWROOMS, CROSS LANE.

REPAIRS OF ALL KINDS, AND MACHINES

1 1 • ''tt , • [s4 11'4'

'y „

N

.; $ 4 . ; t ,

===== 0002601_18980812_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
BUILT TO ORDER

On the Premises by skilled Me^hanica who have been employed for some years Building Cycles for

MESSRS. RUDGE-WHITWORTH :LTD. Customers may depend upon their orders being executed in a first-class manner and at moderate Charges,

MANAGING PARTNER AND DISTRICT

REPRESENTATIVE:-

MR' J. DUTTON •

KEATINGS' POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.

Rills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles' K.ils Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles] THE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

xui F/oas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles, (Harmless to everything but Insects), Sold only in tins, 3d., 6d., andls. Only be sure you do get "Kesting's.j FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

TOPICTURE-FRAITE MAKERS AND DECORATORS. FT MORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloottisbnry. W.C. Cheapest House i London for Rugliah and Foreign Pietnre-Frame andßoomn Moulding. Venaf,red and Fancy Wood Mouldings.de. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. ilegilding. Speacial attention to country orders. Pull particulars in New Pattern Books just Pub" Robed, 107 pages containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Mass Lists Free monthly. Teleiran RA BB T T London."

ACCIDENT ASSURANCE. ACCIDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS

ASSURANCE CO. ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS rAID £3,850,000. 64, CORN/LILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester Office 64, Cross Street, AGENTS, Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Oats Warrington w IMGBEY•Necsolift-', Victoria-rd..Latchford St, Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTER Runts:ord Saudbaeb Ur. R. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

I 1. • • ..•

,

t

$1

===== 0002601_18980812_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
I

2 ALWAYS USE McDOUGALL'S nutza SELF-RAISING FLOTI R IT IS TEE 131KST,

"WOMEN'S CHAT."

Mrs. Main, the editor of that bright little mountain paper the" Alpine Post" has probably more" first win- ter ascents" standing to her credit than any other woman living, and each winter that passes adds to the number ot them. Mrs. Main resides occasionally at Brighton, but the best part of her time is spent at Saint Moi eta in the Engadir e. Among French women moun- t tineers, the most illustrous is perhaps Mademoiselle Mary Paillon. She belongs to the French Alpine Club, svhicth unlike ours, admits women to memtership, and encourages them to accompany their male relatives to the mountain top. A great authority on " Scientific Mountaineering " of opinion that the modern race of young women shows as much intrepidity, coolness,and skill,as men do in the most ordinary climbing. Furthermore, he says it is very seldom that a woman when she has made up her mind to reach some peak, turns back, as a good many of the opposite sex do ; and above all, women grumble at the obstacles far less than do men. As regards caution, he goes on to remark that women have a long way the ad- vantage of men, and of the large numbers of British and American women, who have surmounted the most dan- gerous Alpine peaks, but few have come to grief.as com- pared with the opposite sex. Among the young married beauties of the past London season, the Duchess of Portland, Lady Helen Vincent, and Lady Naylor-Leyland stood out conspicuously ; ana of the tins, far away the most beautiful was Lady Alice Montagu. Great sympathy has been felt for the Duchess of Manchester during her daughter's illness, but the lovely young debutante is fast recovering, and so soon as she is able to travel, will be taken abroad to recruit her strength. Lady Alice has the most delicate but brilliant colouring, cheeks tinted like a rose, and scarlet lips, with quantities of golden brown hair, and lovely eyeti. The Duchess of Newcastle, who with her father Major Camay, is now at Homburg, is far from well. At the commencement of the year she was somewhat seriously indisposed, and has never really regained her strength. It does not appear to be generally known that Mrs. Candy, mother of the young Duchess, is an exceedingly good shot with a title, in fact she could hold her own with many a member of the sterner sex in this some- what rare accomplishment. She is a good all-round sportswoman, and like all the Rossmore extremely fond of horses and hunting, a taste which her Glace of Newcastle has inherited. _

Sail-brown linen is, at the present moment, enjoying considerabte favour for seaside and country gowns. This is both uncommon, and effective in appearance, and I strikes a welcome net° of change and variety. For yachting, pure and simple, the ever useful navy-blue serges continue to reign supreme although many frocks ia white and cream serge are being worn, and here and there a bright scarlet toilette makes its appearance. The newest serge and cloth gowns hay.) perfectly plain skirts, innocent of any sort of trimming beyond perhaps lines of stitching nar the hem. A iew only have made their appearance with flounces. These are decidedly ugly and heavy locking, besides being altogether inappro- priate. Numbers of women may still be seen in the streets ex- hibiting dusty irillings, and discolored hems, making one long for a sumptuary law,aod summary action with a pair of sharp shears, but many very up-to-date skirts for autumn wear, are, happily, being cut to oleic toe ground, and it would seem as though we were at last tiring of a mode that turns us into road and pavement sweepers. It is almost as much trouble, it is true, to persuade a builder of gowns to arrange one's skirt to escape the ground as it is to get a rocket inserted, but , if we study our health we should be firm upon the point, and insist upon our wishes being carried out. ! There is Ins doubt that artificial albumen in tabloid ! form might prove a boon and a blessing when on a journey, up a mountain or in a desert. One could stow away so many meals,and not feel the least inconvenience One's purse, or a tiny pocket would be all the accom- modation necessary for many days' rations. In times of war too it would surely be a capital thing for armies. But in the general way,it is improbable that the majority would rush for it. To sit down to a tabloid for break- i fast, a tabloid for lunch, and a tabloid for dinnsr,would scarcely seem a fascinating proceeding, The fashion of the day in serving dinner a la Reese, favours appreciably the decoration of the table with flowers,which suffer exceedingly tram proximity to hot foods. Only the (lessen appears upon the table now,and this is arranged in the most delicate of dishes,with little open saucers for sweetmeats, devilled almonds, and other gastronomic novelties,which were unknown to our forefathers, to whcm also the profusion of flowers appearing in every oay life nowadays, would have seemed astonishing and almost sinful wastefulness. But we have increased our expenditure in very nearly every department of life.and in nothing is this more appar- ent than in the service and appointments of the dinner table.

here is the recipe for a delicious sweet. Cut six sponge cakes into sr c ,s,lnd in an earthenware dish put alter- nate layers of cake,and bananam,slicest. Make a custard of the yolks of two eggs,sugar t) taste, and one pint of milk,flavoured with the grated rind of half a lemoo,and pour over. Beat the whites of ths eggs to a stiff froth, add one tablespoonful of suga.r,and heap over the whole. Set in the Oven until a light brJwn. Serve cold. " Madge."

===== 0002601_18980812_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES LETTER.

My DRAB Nicurz,

Millinery in its present fashion is very pretti and worthy of imitation by amateurs, as +4 presents few difficulties, and the result is good. One fashion which might be imitated is a toque of heliotrope satin straw; the shape with deep brim and Tam O'Shanter crown, much bent and pulled to form a recess for the trimming. Black sequin net is lightly folded round the crown, and forms a spreading bow at the back, a cluster of crushed roses forming the centre of the bow. At the side a black ostrich tip, and more crushed roses under the brim.

Another is a stylish toque of fancy black crino- line, the crown powdered with steel sequins. The brim is deep, and in front is recessed and filled in with soft pink stocks, and above this are sequined bows and two black plumes. The back has two rosettes of black chiffon, powdered with steel sequins, and a jet buckle between. Another style is a " Peter the Great's " hat of fancy blue straw, draped with blue chitlon, and the back filled in with three rosettes of blue and two of white chiffon. In front, four white wings and a high, full curled osprey are divided by two large rosettes of blue chiffon placed, one low, and the other quite on the crown. A pink hat, with black wings and osprey, is charming in this same fashion. For cycling, golfing and yachting Vienna felt hats slightly trimmed are best. The long close-fitting skirts now so fashionable are extremely chic with a short plain coat of self- colour, and this fashion will undoubtedly gain in favour as the autumn progresses, and the thin blouses and bodices become unwearable. Plaid skirts, tiny shepherd checks, materials with hozizontal lines, and also plain fabrics are used for skirts, but, if plain, there is some contrast in colour or fabric, as, for instance, a cloth skirt and velvet coat to mark the distinction.

A serge blouse is a useful item for country and seaside wear, and a very smart one can be made with ruchings of white ribbon and a silk cord in- side. The revers should fasten over the bust with a silk tie, and the vest should be of white washing silk, corded in groups, with the fulness forming a deep space between. The back of the blouse is quite plain, with a mere soupcon of fulness just at the centre over the belt. A square collar falls over the top of the sleeve in epaulette fashion, and is tolerably deep at the back, and a belt is worn with buckle at the back as well as in front.

For seaside and country wear in the warm season, morning costurnca showing a combination of plain coloured linen and fancy plaid cambric, with a white or very pale ground, are smart and uncom- mon. Take as au example a plain skirt of pale green linen, with blou9es of green and white plaid in a large broken check, which worn with a white muslin stock, or one of green ribbon, finished with lace, and a white or green belt, makes a very dainty and becoming toilette.

suitat... gown is of sii site batiste, trimmed with insertions of lace. Vest and cuff-pieces of lace to match are also worn. Voile, cashmere, and the lighter makes of serge are all desirable fabrics for early autumn gowns. They can he worn in the country, by the sea, or on touring trips, and consequently the trimmings should not be of too perishable i a description. Braid of the military or tubular kind s admirable in black or cream, and the white linen braids are very generally used. There are also combinations of braid and gimp which are very effective, or lines of braid, satin riblo)n, or narrow ribbon velvet can be overlaid at intervals with applique motifs of lace braid or guipure to simulate an embroidered border. The fine piece guipure of antique or pale darn hue is charming mounted on white satin for yokes, fronts, collars, or plastrons, and these last clean and retain their freshness much better than white cloth, and at the same time are infinitely more dressy and effective. A new but very nice idea for summer coats and skirts is to have the skirt of cloth or serge, and the coat, a fitting one, of satin to match. It is most i popular n fawns, drabs, and biscuit colours, and is very nice for cycling, not to make a record run, but to reach a friend's house for lunch or tea, being a little smarter than if the whole costume were cloth. 6omtimes the coat is an Eton, and dust shakes off satin directly, especially if it be of fairly good quality. Your loving,. DIM&

black

A CARD. Reverend Joseph floimes' Improved Mexican Pre- scription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from nervous weak noes, exhausted vitality, kidney or bladder diseases gravel prostate, spinal weakness, brain fag and kindred complaints—discovered in Mexico. It has stood the test for twenty-two years. Thoueands cured. Send a self- .ddressed stamped envelope to JOscrs HoLuEs' !tawny Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsburi Sq uare,Lond on, and get particulars of this great Specific free. Mention whether for male or female. Genuine sufferers need only apply. Beware of swindling imitators and ignorant yanks. gm=

CLARKE'EI WoRLD-Is3saD BLOOD MIXTITIIE is a teed cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the mOst searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands Of Testi- monials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. Sd. per bottle. Beware of worthless Imitation, and substitutes.—Arlvt. (I)

, A - :,97•• ,••• • . )

, „.; /;lit___. - '......, - ..,-...:,:':714:,.. : 4.?:-;,: '--)" .4. .4,--S‘lt.m;+ t:',.7. , Ail* 1. /41, ' . .-.: p 11/1 it.•,....,:„....,„/„ i , 7 A k ,/,f ..' ' / . I V*, ‘

.. Cart) . ;i! 6 • " . . . - ....../ -1 1:';.;':';' t• .') li'll'ici 0/ ;-.•• i 4, II / / 'el/OP t„ if 11. p • 9104-k ik 1 / / / 1 4.,, ~4/ ~,, • ~,, 14' •'. 7 A /' A - )ble - impile _whit

===== 0002601_18980812_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
EAK LUNGS SUMMER TREATMENT Now is the time during the warm months of Summer to fight against Consumption and build up the health and strength by taking

ANGIER'S Petroleum EMULSION

It is pleasant to take even in the hottest weather, and not only promotes appetite, aids digestion, ard increases weight and strength, but it also acts through the blood directly upon the lungs, and exerts a wonderfully soothing, healing and strength- ening influence. Of chemists, as. od. and 45. 6d. Be careful to ask for Angier's Emulsion and accept no substitute. it is made with our . specially purified oil, which no other chemist can obtaia. Imitations made with ordinary petroleum do not have the same effect, and might even prove harmful. A samole sent free on receipt of 3d. for postage. The Aizgier Chemical Co., La, 32 Snow Hill. London,

===== 0002601_18980812_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTB ALL.

HAYDOCIC FOOTB&LL CLUB FIXTURES.

The following is the list of Lancashire Alliance fixtur 's of the Haydock Football Club as arranged for the ensuing season : Sept9mber.-3, Astler Bridge, borne; 10, Parr, bouse ; 17, Lancasbirs Junior Cup Qualifying. October.-1. Astley Bridge, away; 8. Birkenhead Locos, home ; 8, Lancashire Junior Cup Second Qualify- ing - 15, Adlington' away ; 22, Lancashire Junior Cup Third Qualifying ;29, Winston, home. Noyeraber.-5, Birkenhead LOCOS, away ; 12, Lancs. ebire Junior Cup Fourth Qualifying ; 19, Hindlar, home; 26, Preecot, away. ' Decensber.-3, Lancashire Junior Cup Fifth Qualify- ing ; 10, Parr, away ; 17. Wigan Cup Tie; 24, Skeloser dae, s- hems ; 26, St. Helens Recs., home : 31, 14/Liston, away. _

- - January 1899.-7, Prescot, home: 14, Skehnersdale, borne; 21, Wigan Cup Tie; 28, Barnfurlong, away. February.-4, Lancaehire JAnior Cup Sec,nl R-un 1 11, Wigan Cup Third Round ; 18, Eirlestown, home ; 25, Lancaehire Junior Cup Semi-final. March 4.--Rindley, away ; 11, Wigan Cup Semi-fiu4l ; 18, Earleatown, away; 25, Adlington, hems ; 31, S. Helens Rees, away. April.-1, Bangurlony„ horns.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO.

LANCASHIRE COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP. WARRINGTON V; ST. HELENS.

One of the best "gatee" yet seen at a polo match wit- nessed the match on Tuesday night between Warrington and St. Helens. The game was a semi-final tie in the abeva mentioned championship. Tho Warring': on team was as follows :—Robertson, goal; Boacow and I3earnan, full backs; Locker, half back; C eighton, A Ashton and W Ashton, forwards. St. Helens was repre- sented as follows :—Aspinall. goal; Green and Bretton, full backs; Ripley (international), half back ; illey, Preston and Lawrenson, forwards. The visitors defetded the deep end and promptly attacked, Ripley shoetil,g a goal. Good passing by the home team ended in Creighton scoring. Warrington at this part of the game P:ar d lu splendid style. A neat pass from Locker to Creizhton added another The passing was clean and well-judzcd. goal, and a splendid long shot by BeAlllll7l tried the stopped a good shot visitors' custodian. Locker and Creighton 's tactics re- stilted in a third goal. Robertson from Ripley, hut Preston was successful just before half time. The second half commenced with Warrington eadd thei additional having an advantage of one goal. Priaton equalized and eAas e' iht contestedow were rme scored cis without dust macanhkyai The gesacama scaring. .wgw.a .s Tvhrigeer°grallYs

_RUGS li—j—tresse CLen ,an F • Fur alterations of every description. —B. CoOK E Manufacturing Furrier, 21Rena1aw-street.lr• rpool. Bii- tabliabed 24 years.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
(rTYrigAt.) CYCLING AND CYCLISTS.

No. VIII. PRACTICAL HINTS FOR CYCLISTS ON TOUR

BY C. W. HARTUNG (Casnuntrroa TO THE CYCLIST," "JOU/MAL Das Spows," 131 c.).

Every season finds an increasing number of cyclists in the throes of preparation for their first extended tour, And it is the object of the writer, whose experience a cycle touring extends over two decades, to afford some useful' information on the subject of touring. If possible, the rider should not select a new machine or one with which he is unfamiliar, neither should he make a hurried start upon a neglected cycle which has been lying aside for months. Nothing is more disheartening than to encounter machine or tyre difficulties at the outset. The ideal touring bicycle should be equipped with a brake, mudguards, and gear-case; and, needless to say, should be overhauled before the start. Any needed lubrication or trifling adjustments should receive attention, and, above all, if the tyres have been long in use, they should be detached and examined for any injuries to the fabric lining liable to cause a burst. These remarks do not apply to single-tube or tubeless tyres, but in any case it will be well to ascertain that the valves are in working order. Touring gears should not exceed 66in.

Next to the machine comes the personal equip- ment of the rider. The Norfolk suits, now so widely worn, are peculiarly suitable for touring, affording as they do ample pocket accommodation. In spring and autumn it is well to wear a waistcoat, but during summer this garment may be safely dis- pensed with altogether, or carried in the luggage bag for use at night or when travelling by steam- boat, &c. Good fitting shoes, properly slotted, if rat-trap pedals be employed, should be worn, and the rider will do well to procure a pair made to his measure some little time before starting, so that his footgear may be thoroughly comfortable. The fancy knit cycling hose, with thick legs mid thin feet, answer admirably for touring, and do not shew dust so distinctly as plain black stockings. A flannel shirt of good quality should be worn next the skin, although in the hottest months many riders find cellular underclothing a boon. The linen collar must be abandoned while riding, if the rider in- tends to do more than mere pottering. A light cloth cap to match the suit will be found more con- venient than a straw hat for all.round purposes. Unless he wishes to court a chill, the rider should on no account wear anything not lined with wool, If lined at all.

As regards luggage, simplicity is the end to be aimed at. Of course, there are riders whose happiness is linked with the daily worry of sending on a Gladstone by rail from place to place, so that they may enjoy the luxury of a complete change of attire each evening; but, except under special circum- stances, it is beat to preserve one's

INDEPENDENCE OF THE RAILWAY,

and be free to alter the destination if adverse cir- cumstances render a change expedient as the day wears on. About seven pounds of luggage can be carried on the machine without inconvenience, either in a frame bag, or a hold-all attached to the handles. The writer prefers the latter method for several reasons, not the least being the freedom from knee contact with the luggage. It is prefer- able to use a made bag, with its complete arrange. ment of straps and fastenings, because less time is occupied in packing, while the appearance is neater. Nevertheless, many old tourists prefer the plan of wrapping their luggage in waterproof cloth, making two parcels if necessary—one to strap on the handles, and the other to the back-stays behind the saddle. This plan, if carried out neatly, answers well, and enables the amount of luggage to be increased or reduced without inconvenience.

Here is a list of the essential luggage for a tour ranging from a week to three weeks: Flannel or cellular shirt, pair of thin hose, neck-wrap, collars, ties, handkerchiefs, toilet requisites, small cake of soap (if for the Continent), and ',naps. It should be borne in mind that, in the event of his getting very wet, the rider can usually borrow garments at an hotel while his own are being dried; that trifles may be purchased en route, or sent ahead by parcel-post till called for; and that his hotel will provide him with slippers, or rapidly wash anything required. Outside the luggage, ready to hand, a waterproof cape should be strapped. The cyclist was never better off for good maps and road-books than he is to-day. It will be found most desirable to carry a cycling map of the district traversed by the tourist, but, except in touring abroad, the road-book need not be carried. It will be sufficient to read up the proposed route before starting and make brief notes of any important points. Why should the tourist make himself the slave of a guide-writer? His own observation will provide him with abundant occupation and enter- tainment.

Tours may be divided into two classes—straight- away rides; and journeys to a selected base, whence trips in all directions, out and home, are made. The latter style of touring affords the best facilities for exploring a district abounding in spots of scenic beauty or historical interest, while the former enables coast, river, or main-route features to be enjoyed. If, for example, it be contemplated to explore the English Lake district, the Ardennes, or the Dales of Derbyshire, the selection of a base will be found to relieve the rider of all anxiety as regards luggage and hotels, while enabling him to see much that he would otherwise miss. On the other hand, there is much to be said in favour of the constant variety and change, the

===== 0002601_18980812_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
FERSDOM AND ADVENTURE,

of a btg circular trip. Roughly speaking, the straight-away tour appeals most to the young cyclist, more e e circumscribednjy osthe g of co coveringfinds distances;favou r wi'whileth thethe mature, aged, luxurious, or lazily inclined rider. It is obviously impossible to suggest any average distance of daily riding when on tour. Where one rider delights to rise early, push steadily on, with a brief luncheon at mid-day, and cover his sixty or seventy miles before halting for the night; another prefers to take his ease with dignified deliberation, pausing to inspect every town or historical object encountered, to indulge in frequent refreshments en route, and a siesta during the sultry mid-day, and to reach the destination fresh and fit ;to enjoy the evening table d'lulte. Then, again, the direction of the wind, condition of the roads, and the physical character of the country make an enormous difference. The writer has ridden hard all day, covering under fifty miles; while on another occasion he has pedalled seventy miles after four in the afternoon. According to circumstances and individual tastes, from thirty to sixty miles will be found to embrace the distance ridden by the average tourist in a day. Touring cyclists comprise all classes of people nowadays, ranging from the lordly to the democratic; and it is not surprising that with its increasing membership the Cyclists' Touring Club should have been forced to cater for its poorer members, who are none the less determined to take the road and taste the delights of touring. In the C.T.C. handbook, which for the first time in the history of the club is being presented free to members this year, will be found, under the designation of "Headquarters," the best hotels in nearly every town in the British Isles. At a cost of about 10s. a day, according to the special tariff of the club, the tourist may rely on being done well at these hotels. For those with whom economy is the primary consideration, there is the capital little farm-house, country lodgings, and coffee-tavern list, also supplied free to members. No one can now be deterred from touring on the ground of the cost, or the lack of accoz.modation within the reach of a modest purse. But the rock bottom of economy is not reached by the C.T.O coffee- tavern list. Mr. T. H. Holding, one of the oldest cyclists in the country, in his forthcoming book on ' "Cycle Camping," describes a still cheaper and yet perfectly feasible method of taking a holiday at L""" ""^"" Mr: 1161ditig's camping, scheme

===== 0002601_18980812_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
= EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.

worked well It practice in the wucts or uonnemanir where hot-; - conspicuously scarce. Enough has been said to make it plain mat tr well-advised cyclist should join

rnE CYCLISTS' TOURING CLUB before setting forth. The subscription and entrance fee amount to only six shillings, and the address of the club is 47, Victoria-street, S.W. If the tourist propose to visit France, membership of the Touring Club de France is equally advisable. There is no entrance fee, and the subscription 6f. (55.), includes the membership card, insignia, and monthly magazine. A line to the C.T.C. office will procure the necessary particulars. A question which frequently arises in connection with a tour is whether an individual rider or a party of two or more derive the greatest enjoyment from a holiday awheel. The writer has carried out tours alone, with a single companion, and with parties of club friends. His most delightful ex- periences have been with a single companion. It is well, however, to have some knowledge of the cycling idiosyncrasies of your companion before- hand. Provided a sufficient similarity of tastes exists all will be well, but ill-assorted pairs not infrequently cause each other exquisite irritation, compared to which a solitary tour is irresistibly preferable. The photographic enthusiast, for example, should not select a speedman for his fellow-tourist, or trouble will assuredly arise. Equality of riding powers,which implies some simi- larity in the riders' mounts, is perhaps the chief point to be considered. A cyclist with the faculty of making himself agreeable to the persons he meets on a tour will seldom fail to enjoy a solitary jaunt, should circumstances deprive him of a congenial companion. Well assorted parties are perhaps the jolliest of all accompaniments on a tour, ensuring as they do a constant change of company on the road.

By KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, .;thor of "Maisie Derrick," "The Story of Lois," "Patty," "Louisa," "At the Bed Glove," "Miss Eyon of Eyoncourt,"

CHAPTER XIIL AT maze. Meantime, after a long and weary journey, Gillonne had arrived at the Chateau d'Orbec. She had reached Javaon in time to start with the waggon of slates bound for Lisieux; but the master of the Croix d'Or was sullen; he refused to allow her to travel in it, though he helped her to exchange her tired horse for a fresh nag, and permitted her to ride beside the slate waggon. By next day the woman became tired of this slow progression, and went on boldly by herself. She felt that she was beyond the reach of her would-be murderers, and she rode steadily forward till, tired out and exhausted, in spite of several long halts, she came in sight of the wooden- tile-fronted houses of Orbec. At the Castle she announced herself as a mes- senger from the Countess of Laval and Kergrist— forbGillonne considered that her mistress had a right to the double title. She was at once conducted to the seneschal, in whom she recognised Enguerrand Lenormand, an ancient squire who had spent a few years at Longuedec with his young master, the Vicomte d'Orbec. Ile smiled genially when he Saw Gillonne. "Welcome, my good dame," he said kindly. "This is a pleasant meeting; but you would have been more than welcome had you brought your lady with you." "Is my lord Vicomte here ? " "My lord, the Vicomte has ridden to Longuedec to find the Countess. He had gone again to Ghent, or near it, for the turbulent burghers are again in revolt, and a day after his departure came the messenger to announce that your good and sainted lady—whom may God assoill—was in extremis. My lord returned but three days ago, and was sorely grieved by the tidings; he would not so much as repose himself after a long night's ride. Hs called for a cup of wine and a crust, and then he bade Roger and Louis arm themselves and follow him to Laval. He said the Countess would have gone there." " Ah, MO2l Dieu ! that is vexatious!" Gillonne cried. "My lady spent but one night in the gloomy old place—it is like a dungeon, Monsieur Enguer- rand, I was thankful we all came safe and sound cm's of it. You have by now heard of the death of my lady's husband, the Count of Laval ? " "My lord sent back yesternight a messenger wish the news. Mark you, Dame Gillonne, I do not say the news was std; to say sooth I rejoiced over it in Secret, for, said Ito my good wife: The noble lady is freed from a greybeard, and can lawfully wed our lord.' Ah, Dame Gillonne "—he shook his head at her—"you have not grown up as 1 thought you would. Why, at twenty-three what a little dare-devil were you! In those days you would have found some hindrance to that marriage, even had you been forced to invent it. Pardieu! 'twas a shame and a sorrow to mate April with chill October, when our young lord worshipped the ground the young Countess walked on. 'Twas a shame, I say! " Enguerrand paused, out of breath ; the garrulous old fellow was carried out of himself by the sight of his old friend. To tell the truth, he had wanted to marry Gillonne in those far-off days, but she had not fancied the bragging Gascon, as she termed him. She nodded at him with a glance of intelligence in her dark eyes. "I mind me, Enguerrand, you were always fond of judging your betters. Now, it seems to me that it is difficult to judge for them, seeing that we are not made of the same stuff. Your wife, Dame Margot, can do much for you; it was, therefore, well to be near of an age at the start, and to grow old together; you can thus make allowance for her declining strength. In my time I have seen a young wife ask too much from an old husband; and in like manner an old man will forget that a young woman needs snore amusement than he cares for. In people of our condition it will be so; we live nearer one another; but the great are not troubled by these petty needs. A Countess has to bear children, it is true, like other women ; but so long as she looks handsome and smiling, and pleases her lord, I know not what more she can do for him in his lifetime ; she is certainly not called on to work for him." Enguerrand looked dissatisfied. "It may be as you say, dame; I mind me that for a woman you used to have a passing shrewd wit; but I say that a young girl, be she lady or peasant born, has a right to some joy in her youth. I know right well that is not the Breton creed; in your country, dame, a girl puts on the collar when she weds, and she is kept at work till Death mercifully takes her out of harness ; but, mind you. I come from the sunny South, where we laugh and talk and never give care a parch. And that minds me that you must need food and drink. Come away, come away to Dame Margot. And afterwards we will see what can be done for you." He led the way to the still-room, where sunshine came streaming in through a deeply - splayed window set rather high in the wall, so that little old Margot, with -her bright face yellow and rosy as a shrivelled pippin, had had to mount a three-legged stool to spread a bundle of lavender stalks to dry in the sunshine that fell on the broad sill. At which sight Enguerrand bustled forward and snatched at Margot's black stuff skirt, while he cried: "Have a care, Margot; , have a care! 'Tis easier to break a limb than to set it; and Malapert Jean has gone with my lord, and in his absence there is not one among us skilled in chirurgery." The little woman jumped deftly off the stool; she had begun to make her husband a mocking reverence, when she caught sight of the tall, dark- browed Breton woman. "Holy saints!" she muttered, and crossed her- self; then, with an appealing glance at her grinning hnsband : "Madame, I am your humble servant. Be welcome, I pray you. Enguerrand "—sharply —"give yourself, then, the trouble to say who the lady is who thus condescends to visit me." Gillonne took the words out of Enguerrand's mouth. "Your pardon, madame. lam not a lady, but the tirewoman of that saiated lady the Countess Kergrist, and now in waiting on madame's daughter, Madame the Countess of Laval." Margot looked at her keenly; then she chuckled. "Oho! you are, then, Gillonne, of whom I have heard so much, dame." She laughed merrily. "There was once a time,—'tis true we had only been wed a year—when he would say; 'Ah, awn Dieu, Margot, you should .see Gillonne do that ; she would set all to rights' ; but lie has now grown used to Margot and her ways, and I think he is content. You are, are you not, my man ? " Enguerrand took her by the shoulders, shook her as a do,g shakes a cat, and setting her down on the floor, he kissed her heartily on both cheeks. "Was ever such a tell-tale Now, bustle, old girl, and give this poor hungry Gillonne some ' of your good cookery; I'll warrant there's a corner of pasty, or a larded capon, or a stuffed goose to be had for the asking; and she shall have a cup of Malvoisie that would not shame the cellar of Laval." He left the two women together. Margot had always felt slightly jealous of her unknown rival,but the sight of Gillonne had completely reassured her. Margot had been a very preity brunette when she married Enguerrand; a glance told her that though the hard-featured woman before her was a few years her • junior, Gillonne never could have been 'good -looking. "Eli, then, friend Gillonne," she said, "I am glad you have at last come to see us, but I never thought to see thee still a girl ; thou couldest not fancy my man, but there must have been others to choose from. Alt, believe me, it is better to have a man of one's own than for ever to comb the locks of St. Catherine." Gillonne smiled; Margot's simplicity amused her. "Enguerrand looks hale and happy too," she said. "It is plain he has a good wife." Margot reddened with satisfaction. "Maybe, maybe, my friend ; he tells me so." Then she hastened to set food before her °guest, and pressed her to partake of it. Enguerrand soon brought the wine, in which the three pledged each other, and drank, from metal mugs, to the health of the Countess of Laval and that of the Vicomte of Orbec. But Gillonne only waited for Enguerrand to drain a single cup before she entered on the business of her journey. "I may not linger." she said. "Like the churl who turns his back when his hunger is satisfied, so must I journey on till I find my dear young -Reify." "Where do you expect to find her ? " asked the , seneschal.

Given the slightest linguistic attainments, the foreign tour teems with allurements. The extent of

A TOURIST'S VOCABULARY need not be more than elementary in countries like France, Germany, Belgium, and Switzerland. Here again the Touring Clqb stands the member in good stead, for the production of his ticket enables him to escape the payment of Customs duty on his cycle (which would be refunded on leaving) at any port of France. Failing the C.T.C. ticket, a club badge invariably serves the same end—as the writer knows from experience. One little word of advice may be noted by the cyclist going abroad for the first time. Carry your money in English gold, changing sufficient for the day's needs at your hotel on settling the morning bill. The English sovereign is readily accepted anywhere on the Continent. In France the franc goes as far as the English shilling. In Germany the mark (20•40=L1) is about equivalent in purchasing power to the shilling. Touring in Nor- mandy and Brittany offers the most delightful intro- duction to Continental cycling. Without experienc- ing the rather frugal, if somewhat cheaper, regime of the Ardennes, the cyclist in north-western France, which is within twelve hours of London, rides over superbly surfaced roads, through pastoral country possessing a charm of its own, and he cannot fail to appreciate the ancient towns and peaceful villages, with their picturesque inhabitants. Hotel expenses in France range from 6s. a day in Nor- mandy and Brittany to 7s. 6d. in other provincial districts. A fortnight's tour, including rail and boat return, need not cost more than £6.

The best 'seasons for cycle touring, both at home and on the Continent, are the early summer and autumn. July and August may advantageously be avoided. May, June and September are excellent months. Ireland, Scotland and Wales should not be visited too late in the year, rainy weather being then more prevalent.

When asking for Coeoa,:insist on having Canatnirs—eol only in Packets and Tills as other Cocoas are often subott- tated for the sake of extra prolit,.—Adyt (1)

(Copyright "When. left her she was bound for Amboise Itmek the King's protection; but—" A. WARD OF THE KING rupt. Enguerrand spluttered in his eagerness to inter. "The King, say you? Marry, dame, all the world knows by this time tl.at the King left Amboise days ago for Moulins! He was to visit the Constable of Bourbon, and they were then to journey together to Lyons, where the army is encamped, waiting for all the expected troops to assemble." "I have heard this," Gillonne said slowly. "I have heard, too, an evil report about the Con' stable's loyalty, but I did not heed it. When your lord left the Castle, did he speak of returning here if he did not find my lady at Longuedec ? " Enguerrand shook his head. "We know naught, dame, except that I am sure my lord will not yield up his purpose until he has found your lady." Gillonne gave a sigh of relief; it comforted her to know that the Viscount's strong arm and wise head were enlisted for her mistress's safety. She dared not speak openly to gossiping Enguerrand ; she could not tell him how much she feared and distrusted the Count of Laval; a sore fear oppressed her; how could she tell that he might not win the young Countess to wed him? "Listen, Enguerrand," she said. "My purpose was to journey to Lyons, if my Lord Rolland did not command otherwise, but I will wait his return here for four days, if your good dame will kindly for so long harbour me. By that time I shall have rested from the fatigue of my journeys, and so will my horse." Enguerrand slapped his huge legs, and burst into a hearty laugh. "And for what, mistress? Post think that thy stalwart arm can in any way avail thy mistress? Misiricorde ! were it not that I am left in charge to represent the high and mighty lord of Orbec, I would myself ride with thee—thou wouldest not say nay, Margot ?—belike we should together dis- cover the Countess of Laval. But patience; who knows ?—even now my master belike is talking with her at Longuedec."

===== 0002601_18980812_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

-- THE NORTHERN UNION: THE CUP DRAW. The General Committee of the Union met in Manches- ter on Tuesday night and made the draw for .the cup competition for next season. All the Lancashire and 'Yorkshire Senior Competition clubs and Barrow and D.ull Kingston Rovers were exempted from the qualifying round. Qualifying round : Wath Brow v flatten, Workington v Amblseide,Crookham v Millom,Ulverston v Lancaster, Maryport v Brookland Rovere, Fletcher Rt.well and Co. byo,Runoorn Hornets v Warrington Sr,. Mary's,Walkdien v Latchford Rangers, Altrinchem v L4e,h Shamrccks, Runcorn Recreation v Hazel Grove, Birkenhead Wander- ers • Lostock Grs lam. Waterhead Hornets bye,Rochdals Rangers bye, Rochdale, Athletic v Pendleton, Salford St. Wirtholomrw's v Oldham Juniors, Senallbriege • Rad- cliffe, Saddleworth Rangers v Lees. Werceth v Abbey Hills,Barton v Whitw; rth,Blackpool v Fleet wood,Ellsind v podaey, Idle • Eastm-or, 'rodmorden v Deavain7y, IBowling v Morley, Birstall v Luddenfoot,Groves United bye, Featherstone bye, Pontsfract v Goole, Hull Marl- borough v Normanton, Hull SI oneferry v Outwool Church, Bothwell v Ripon City, York v Kinsley. Firatlirund : Brighouse Rangers v Stockport, War- rington v Barrow, Leeds Parish Church • Idle or East. I moor, Salford v Birstall or Luddmdanfoot, Saddleworth Rangers or Lees v Huddersfield, Todmorden or Dews- bury • Tyldes!ey, Waterhead Hornets v fleckmondwike, Bull Sroneferry or Ontwood Church v Altrincham or Leigh Shamrocks, Widnes v Blackpool or Fleetwood, Hnlbeck v Birkenhead Wanderers or Loatock Graham, Lsigh v Bramlev, Eland or Pudsoy v Workinxton or Anableeide, Askharn or Millom v Ulverston or Lancaster, I Bradford v Wakefield Trinity, Morecambe v W alkden or Latchford Rangers,Batley or Rochdale Athletic or Pendle- ton, Bull Kingston Rovers • Manning,hann, Pont( fract or Geol. V Oldham, Runcorn Recreation or fiszel Grove v Runcorn, Broughton Rangers v Bothwell Fr Ripon City,, Smillbridge or Radcliffe v Hull Marlhorourh or Norman- I ton, Swinton v Plateful. Rut sell and Co., Hull v Feat bar- itone, Liversedge v York or Kinaley, Hunslot v Mary- , port or Brooklacd Rovers, Rochdale Rangers v Leeds, Bowling or Morley v Ruecorn Hornets or Warrington St. Mary's, v Barton or Whitworth, Rochdele Hornets • 'math Brow or Dalton, Stif.nd St. Bartholomew's er Oldham Juniors v Werneth cr Abbey Hills, Castleford v Halifax, Groves United v Wigan. Second Round : A, Castleford ••sr Halifax v Brighouse Rangers at Stockport ; B, Smallbridge, Ra icliffe, Hull Marlborough, or Normantcn • Holbeck, Birkenhead Wanderers. or Lestock Gralam ; C, Leigh or Bramley Runcorn Recreation, Ravi Grove, or Rune Ora ; D. Bat- ley, Road,le. Athletic, Of Pendleton v Liversedge, York, or Kinaley ;E, Rochdale Rangers or Leeds • Groves United or Wigan: F, Hull or Featherstone • ASkham, Ulverston, or Lancaster ; G, Broughton Ran- gers, Bothwell, o- Ririe City v Hull Kingston Rovers or Nkallinfitilrn H, Ellani, Pnclaev, Workington, or Ambleaidc v Bowling, 'Morley, RuncOrn Flornete. or War- rington St. Mary's :1, Bradford or Wakefield Tririty v Rochdale Hornets, Wath Brow, or Dalton ; J, Widhes, Blackpool, or Fleetwood • Todmorden, Dewsbury, or Trldesley ; K, Saddleworth Rangers or Huddlesfield Waterhead Hornets or Veekmondwike ; L. Hull Stone- ferry, Ontwood Church, Altrinchani,or Leigh Shamracke v Leeds Pariah Church, Idle. or Eastmere ;M Salford, Birstall, or Luddendonfoot v Salford St. Bartholomew's, Oldham Juniors, Werneth, or Abbey Hills ; N. roots- fract, Goole, or Oldham • Warrington or Barrow ; 0. Swinton or Fletcher Russell and Co., v Hunelst, Mary- port, or BrOokland Rovers ;P, St. Helens, Barton, or nnhltwortn v Morecambe, Walkdsn. or Latchford Ran gem. Third Roiled Q, winner of round 1 • wirer of round N ; R, winner of round G • winner of round L 8, winner of round C v winner of round D ; T, winner of round K v winner of round B ; U, winnAr of round J • winner of round E ;V. winner of round M. v winner of rouni: P W, winner of round 0 v winner of round A ; X, winner of round H v winner of round F Fourth Round: A A, winner of round V • winner of round T ; 13 B, winner of round W • winner of round X; CC, wiener of round R v winner of round ;D D, win- ner of round Q v winner of round U. Semi finals EE, winner of round CC v winner of round D 13; P F, winner of round AA v winner of round B B. Final: E E plays PP. The datss of trued are :—Qualifying, March 4 ; first March 18 ; second, March 25 ; third, April 1 ; fourth, April : cemi.finals, April 15 ; deal, April 29. Semi- finals and final to be played on neutral grotin4 ; other rounds on grounds of firet-named clubs. It was ruled that under section B, rule 1, of the pro- fessional laws all clut memberg of the Union shall be entitled to register for next season all players who re- ceived payment during the past season.

ST. HELIT.NS CLUB, Nearly nII the last year's players have decided to stay with St. Helens Footfall Club during the cming season with the exception of O'Hara, who has left the town. In addition to these it is expe,.::.ed that Cre ' sslor Pennington and Oxford, all of whom played wita St Helens Recs. last season, and Barton, late of Castlefrr3, and several other capable men will be included in the team. The foliewieg players have signed on for St Hel,n; :--T. Pfoulkes, full-back ; Traynor, Barnes, Siddall, Doherty, and Barker. and probably Crowley and Batt AN, three- quart era ; Pennington and Oxford half backs; G ladwin, Whiteley, T and W Winstanley, Thompson, Taylor, Simpson, Carney, Caveney, and Sudlow, and several other young players, far wards.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIV. ROLLAND TO THE RESCUE.

Rolland, Vicomte d'Orbec, had ridden off in haste to Laval, and thence to Longuedec, but he had not expected that he should there find the young Countess of Laval. Rolland had been absent from France for several months, out of the way of hear- ing news, so that the tidings of Jeanne 's double bereavement had troubled him, especially when be learnt at Laval that the young widow had gone to seek the King, under the escort of the late Count's successor, Etienne de Retz. He had known De Retz in the army for a thorough libertine, seem- ingly good-natured and easy-going, but in reality a man who gambled deeply, and who was un- scrupulous in his greed for money. The county of Laval was a fairly rich inheritance, but the lands appertaining to it were said to be sterile. It was not likely that a needy man would lose this chance of winning a rich heiress, when he had every facility in his hands. Rolland ground his teeth at the thought of such a marriage; it was to him horrible that his pure, innocent Jeanne was in the hands of a man so attractive, who had over and over again proved his unfitness to be trusted with the care of a good woman's happiness. No, Rolland knew that he should not find Jeanne at Longuedec; Laval would keep her to himself, and had certainly taken her to Moulins. He knew that she was surrounded by the soldiers of Laval; his present purpose in riding to Longuedec was to find out whether Jeanne had with her any guard of her own, and also to ask how many men Leon, the old seneschal, could raise or spare from the Castle garrison. At the head of a body of her own people, Jeanne would be far better able to cope with Laval—unless, indeed, he had already succeeded in winning her. But even then, unless compelled thereto by Royal command, the young Countess could not again wed till the time of her mourning had expired, and Rolland felt in better hope as the thought came. He had tired out two horses before he at last reached Longuedec. At Laval he had seen both the chaplain and the seneschal; they assured him that Jeanne had ridden away with the Count of Laval and her three women; no male escort had followed her from Longuedec, though the chaplain said it was possible that such an escort might have followed the lady to Rennes, or even to Vitt* and might then have returned to the Castle. The seneschal's further tidings had made Rolland very anxious. He said that the elder woman who had accompanied the widowed Countess had craved leave of absence; and although she left the Castle with her mistress, she was bound for Mayenne. Rolland had determined to visit Mayenne on his return from Longuedec, to glean, if possible, some tidings of Gillonne ; he was sure that the duenna was far too prudent to leave her mistress without good cause. _

- His arrival at Longuedec had been anxiously watched from the Castle ramparts, and he found the portcullis withdrawn, and the drawbridge lowered for his passage across it. Leon, the old seneschal to whom Jeanne had confided the charge of the Castle till her return, welcomed the young lord with affectionate reverence. "Your lordship's face is the best sight I have seen since your Excellency went away from Csetfrec! Ah, my lord, who knows ?—things might have happened differently. Your lordship was the keystone-of the arch; in your absence the building has criunbled."

Rolland walked on in silence till he reached the great hall. "I have come as quickly s I could, old friend; I have been to Laval, but that is not much of a detour."

"I'll be bound my lady was not to be found there?" said the seneschal.

"Do you know or guess whereabouts she is?" "We have had tidings, my lord, but not of late date; a band of those marauders—your lordship has noted them ?—caught Pierre Livet, and they were bringing him this way, meaning to drag a ransom out of his people, his father being a wealthy farmer at Plenare. Between Blois and YendOme theloarty fell in with the Count of Laval and a strong body of soldiers; there was a sharp encounter, and Pierre managed to escape. When he reached Vendome, he learnt that the Count of Laval was escorting our dear lady to Moulins. So, my lord, if the King is still at Moulins, our chatelaine will also be there."

Rolland did not answer; he sat lost in thought. It seemed scarcely likely that Laval would take his charge to the camp at Lyons; yet he would hardly leave her alone at Moulins, which was now doubt- less in a state of insurrection, for Rolland had heard the rumour that a price was set on the Constable's head. "I do not think Gillonne is with her mistress ; she seems to have gone to Mayenne. Do you know whether she has friends in Mayenne ?" Leon looked doubtful. "There was a cousin, Excellency, but no one near enough for Gillonne to leave her mistress at such a time."

There was silence ; then the seneschal said with some hesitation:

"Can it be that Gillonne went in search of your lordship? I have heard her say there were but two men in the world in whom she felt trust, and those were—saving your lordship's presence—the present company. Has she, then, journeyed to Chateau d'Orbec to seek help for her lady? Gillonne liked not the new Count of Laval; she once told me that should anything happen to our dear lady before the Count of Laval came to claim his bride, she should like best to see Mademoiselle Jeanne placed with the good nuns of the Abbaye aux Dames ut Caen; it is, I think, not far distant from Orbec." "It is not very far off; but, Leon, I have no authority which will enable me to take the Countess from her present guardian. She is, you must remember, a ward of the King." "Yes, worse luck! " Leon muttered between his teeth. lie had been for too many years accustomed to strict decorum to speak lightly of the doings of his betters. Then he remembered that the opportunity he had wished for was given him, and that he was passing it by. "I crave pardon, my lord, but it seems to an old man like me, whose place it is to watch the game in which others play their parts, that if my lord but held up a finger of warning Mademoisalle Jeanne would follow his counsel. Ah, me the old name fits the tongue better than the new one. It was sad to learn that she, so young and fair a lady, was so early widowed; but if it was to be, I say, so best, before she had learnt to love her old lord, or mayhap to find out that she could not love him, dear child! Your lordship knows that I was here before she came to gladden the lives of us all."

"I have not seen her for years past." Rolland spoke dreamily, and it seemed to him strange that he should have allowed months, even years, to pass without revisiting Longuedec. It was true that his duties in the Low Countries had kept him or some time absent, and that when he returned he had found much to set in order at Orbec ; now, however, he told himself he had

always been reaay to and excuse for staying out of Brittany. Presently he inquired of Lion the possibility of raising a bodyguard of Jeanne's own men for her greater security. "The King will probably exact such a levy," he said, "and it may be with less regard for the security of the garrison. Ido not wish to weaken your resources Lion, but there were several stout lads I remember in the village, who must by now be grown men; see to it, old friend. I think one and all will be proud to serve their lady, though they might not care to fight under the banner of Laval."

"There are not many, ,my lord; the Bing has been gathering soldiers from every part of France= and Brittany is reckoned with Prance nowadays; but Lao and Mathieu are still in the village, and they are ready to take service again; only—only" —he lowered his voice—"they will not serve against the Constable de Bourbon." "I understand. You may tell them there is no fear. lam not going to Lyons till I have found your lady; there will be plenty of time for me to discharge them if they do not wish to join the King's troops." My lord does not think that the noble Duke would ever draw sword against the King, his own cousin ? "

"I hope not, good Leon; but it is not safe to become surety for princes. Now, go you down the hill, and brink me as many recruits as you can. Mark you, they must be soldiers, not raw boys. I can give you what remains of to-day; I must start at daybreak." He was going meantime to Coetfrec, but first he wandered into the garden where he and Jeanne had Spent so many hours together. Nothing was changed, except that the flowers were scarcer and lees cared for; he guessed that her mother's last weeks of illness had hindered Jeanne's loving care for her plants and flowers. He seemed to see the sweet, bright face, with its saucy, mock-defiant expres- sion, as they laughed and Jested together. Should he know her. now, he wondered? With so much early promise she had perhaps blossomed out into a beautiful woman. As the picture of her possible loveliness grew in his mind, a truth dawned on him. He saw, as in a sudden flash, the true meaning of his unwillingness to visit Longuedeo. He wanted Jeanne for himself, and he had not cared to look on her while she belonged to the Count of Laval. He smiled at this discovery; it seemed impossible that his hopes and feelings should have centred themselves on a mere child, yet he knew that he had never seen any other young gill worthy to be named in the same breath with his pupil. He paced up and down the little lonely garden; he told himself here ;Was the secret cause of his indifference to other female ittractions. In Italy be had ieen some very beautiful women, but be had remained proof against their charms.

"It is at best but an idle dream; Jeanne will not do the same thing twice. lam past thirty, and she is not yet eighteen. She will, if she is allowed to choose for herself, take a young husband. What chance have I against a gay cavalier like the new Count of Laval? ' Rolland was too much a man of action to spend time in self-torment. He went to the Castle yard and ordered his hap and one of his squires to be ready; then he rode over to Coetfrec. He arrived, as he had hoped, in time to revoke the order he had previously sent, that those of his tenants who had already served under him should at once proceed to Lyons, and await his arrival there; he now decided that they should accompany him to Moulins. His future movements must be guided by any news he might gather there about Jeanne and her escort. _ _

—Rolland felt cheered that he was able to ride •bact to Longuedec with six stout men-at-arms and their following, and when in the everting he reached the Castle, Leon, the seneschal, met him with the news that Lao and Mathieu had engaged to be at the Castle gates by daybreak, with about ten others. "And, my lord," the old man said earnestly, "you may trust to Lao and Mathieu; they are God- fearing men, and in time of peace they stay at home quietly with their wives and children. They will not play you false." Rolland thought a moment; then he said: "I remember Mathieu. He was at Marignano in the Constable's bodyguard. He told me then that his home was at Longuedec. We will make him leader, Leon; the Countess's troop must have a leader till they place themselves under her com- mand. You must furnish them with the banner of Rergrist." Leon looked unwilling; then, as the 'Vicomte smiled at him, he understood. "My lord means that he will lead them, but will not be in command till my lady gives it to hire. My lord will bring us back our lady in safe keeping. Methinks I would be content to die if I could but see- her - once more• aafe- under the old rool._ tree."

"I will do what I can. Meantime, remember that your lady is a ward of the King, and his Majesty may already have provided her with another husband."

(Zo be continua.)

===== 0002601_18980812_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
A BELLE OF if-EW GARDENS.

A visit to Kew Gardens at this sca,oo of the year. when all its tropical wonders are at their b t, will afford the keenest delight to lovers of nature's charms. " I am passionately fond of flowers, aid find a great pleasure in walking through Kew Gar&ns," said Mrs. Nellie Dore,a lady of charming appearance,to a "Weekly Dispatch "reporter, " though not long since I feared I should never see the Gardens again. Until two years ago I never had a day's illness,bet thee I had a severe at- tack of rheumatic fever, which taught me what pain was. For three months I was confined to my b.d, and bad it not been for my two little girls, whom I pictured as motherless I would not have cared to live. " Good nursing pulled me through the illness at last, as the doctor admitted, but I found I was then in a terribly weak condition, unable to move a limb, turn in bed, or raise a cup to my lips. At the sliv,htest exertion I would burst into a vio!ent perspiration. For weeks I lay in this wretched state, until one day I attempted to get up when the nurse was downstairs, but I had mis- judged my strength, for I reeled and fell on the floor with a crash. I then began to give up hope, and thought I should become a confirmed invalid, and yet all this time I was longing to be in 'Kew Gardens once more. Then I happened to read of a person who had been snatched from the grave by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and asked the nurse if they would do ins any good ; sbe merely laughed, but Ita inn struck with the idea I wrote to my Mend Miss Jennie Steele, a popular singer, and she brought me a box of the Pills. which I hid under my pillow. That one box restored me to health ; bqore I had taken half the Pills I was walking about the room, and in less than a fortnight I • ' was cut of doors. I continued taking Dr. Williams Pink Pills, when the giddiness I, ft me and my appetite returned ; in Is as than three weeks I had walnli all the way from here (Mrs. Dore rcsides at 87, S'anhope , Gardens, Harringay) to Kew, right through the Gardens and back again; and my friends lsnow that I have coc- tinued to do so once or twice a week." Although Mrs. Dore is but twenty eight years of age. - she has had eight years of happy married life, and her two children still hays their mother to care for th in. thanks tor. Williams' Pink Pils, which are not like ordinary medicine, as it is at the root, not at the mere symptoms of disease, that they strike, and thus it is that they have cured no many different disorders of tbe 'blood and nerves, such as rheumatism,sciatica,ansemia. ',heart disease, deblity, consumption, St. Vitus' dance. neuralgia, spinal disease,para'ysis,and leromotor ataxy. Genuine only with full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People ; do Not accept worthless substitutes, but, if in doubt, obtain them from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 48, Holborn-via Wet, London, at 23,91 a box, or six boxes for 13Y. 91; they act directly on the blood, nerves, and spine.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980812_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRING/TON TOWN COUNCIL.

I

A meeting of this Council was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall an Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Alderman Wright) presided, and there were also present : Aldermen Fairclough.Sutton. Harrison,Black- burst, Roberts, Hutchinson, Francomb,Councillors Shaw Green, Plumpton, Smethurs,, Longton. Evans, Eliza', James Evars,Rogers,Woods,Lee, Bennett,Tinnion,Jolley Shillcock, Burton, Grace, F. R. Roberts, Furness, Can- ned, with Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr. Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk), Mr. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr. Deas (sanitary engineer), Mr. Loagdin (borough surveyor),Mr.W.S.Hadelock(gas engineer),Mr. J. Sutcliffe (assistant borough surveyor). THE DEATH OF MR. R. W. GOWN. The Mayon said it was with very great grief that he bad to report to them the dea.h of an old and esteemed townsman, Mr. R. W. Collin, who had carried on for Many years an important business. It would be difficult to find a more (Alcmene and industrious man. He at in that chamber in 1873 and for nine years subsequently. Ile begged to move " That this Council receives with deep regret the announcement of the death of Mr. Robert Wood Collin, for many years a member of this Council, whieh took place this morning, and requests the Town Clerk to convey to the widow and family of the late Mr. Collin this expression of the condolence of the Council with them in their bereavement." He sub- mitted the resolution with all possible sincerity, Alderman Elaunismi seeonded,aud said that no words were necessary to give additional strength to what had been said. Alderman &Tyros' said he regretfully supported the remarks which the Mayor had made. Me was quite sure there was not am mber of the Council who would not approve of the resolution. Mr. Collin was ono of their most respected citizens, and his death would be a great loss to them. Alderman Ronnazs sympathised most sincerely with the family in the sudden calamity which had fallen up. on them. He had a very pleasit recollection of a con- versation with the deceased not many weeks ago, it was of a personal and retrospective character, bit he might say that it strengthened his previous high opinion of Mr. Collin's character as a business man in Warring- ton. Be was sure that the shock of Mr. Collin's sudden death world be felt by every member of the Council and bests of acquaintances outside. (Hear, hear.) The resolution was confirmed. WATCH COMMITTER--TIIE RESIGNATION OF CHIEF INSPECTOR SPINES AND INSPECTOR COX. The MAYOR moved the confirmation of the minutes, and said they were parting with two old and valuable officers—lnspectors Spinks and Cox—and they did so with regret. (Hear, hear). Alderman lIMIRISON seconded, and the motion was agreed to. VICTORIA PARK—COUNCILLOR ELLISON'S QUESTION.

In accordance with notice given Councillor Miaow asked the Chairman of the Finance Committee what they proposed doing with Victoria Park, and what arrangements were being made to open the same to the public recreation. Councillor SHAW GREEN in reply, and in proposing the Minutes of the Finance and Estate Committee said a visit had been paid to Victoria Park, and Alderman Pairclough went with them. They wished to meet the Tishes of Councillor BUISOII and the residents of Latch- as far as possible. There was some low-lying land after they got through the main entrance to the Park the right hand. They, hoped Z9cl passed the lodge on 'nat the Council would sanction the setting apart of that low-lying land and a large piece beyond ott the highland. The plot comprised about 31 acres aud was admirably adapted for a recreation ground. b ."efore any attempt to lay it out was made, a good deal Would have to be done. Councillor Snaw Green then called attention to the printed copy of the report from the Local Government Beard set out at the end of the ,agenda paper. It would be found that the whole of the township of Latchford was now added to and formed Part of the larger township of Warrington. In future, thersfore,there would be no such township of Latchford. The whole would he one township of Warrington. Alderman HARRISON ; Then we are to be blotted out. (Laughter.) Councillor Straw GREEN : You are to be absorbed. (Laughter.) Alderman FitincLonon seconded the passing of the minutes. In answer to Councillor Ellison, Councillor SHAW GREEN said the land to be used would be on both sides of the road and not all on the right side. THE ASSESSMENTS OE WARRINGTON. Councillor fintssurrr, alluding to the unification of the t",nehips of Latchford and Warrington, asked if it was I°Btible to enable the Council to have some appreciable 03 .ontrsl over the assessments of the borough. Tne two 'Dwnships were now united„ but they were without Power with regard to the assessments. Of the rates levied, by far the greater portion was applied to munici- pal purposes, and only a small portion was applied to poor-law purposes, but it was all regulated by the poor. law authorities. They had heard a good many criticisms with regard t) local assessments, and it was stated that Warrington wan not adequately assessed with regard to lecertain class of propel ty as compared with other towns. -by far the greater portion of the assessments was levied for municipal purposes, and he thought it was an anomaly that the Council should have no voice them- selves in tee fixing of the assessments. (Hear, hear.) With regard to Victoria Park he thought the arrange. tent made was satisfactory for the time being, but it Must be distinctly understood that this was only a tom- Porary expedient. Councillor SMETHURST drew attention to laiS Statement St the last mecting with regard to the Parr Hall Accounts and again asserted that there was a lose on the year's working, lie asked for the balance sheet to be produced. The Maros ruled that Councillor Smethurst was out of order. Councillar SHAN', GREEN said there was a committee of the House of Commons sitting to bear evidence, and it would probably report shortly on the unification of rat- ing. There were about five different assessments in existenco,and it was time something was done on this Particular question, At present they did the best they Could and adopted the assessments made by the Assess- ment Committee upon which one Of INTO members of the Corporation, not as members but as inhabitants, had seats. Mr. Alfred Jolley,for instance, was a member of the Assessment Committee on welch they had somelemall /Dice, therefore, though not as a Corporation. The minutes were than passed. vim WIDENING OF PA.DGATE-LANII AND THE PRICE OF LAND.

Alderman Surrox moved tue confirmation of the min „ - of the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee and• observed that during the past month plans of 60 • houses had been passed by the committee. That Showed that in the building line at all events they were not at a standstill so far as building was concerned. Allusion was made in the minutes to the offer of Mr. John Whit,3 on behalf of Colonel Blackburne for the widening Padgate-lane. He considered that Mr. White had met them very fairly indeed,as the Corporation were having the land at a small rats-6s. Etd.per yard. The whole of the cost of the improvement would be about £2OO. (Hear, hear.) Alderman BLACICHURST seconded. Councillor PLIMPTON asked what the alterations of a gable-end ether matters, would cost in this improve- ment. Alderman SUTTON : £2OO altogether. Councillor PLUMPT3N in addition to the 6s. Bd. per Yard ? Alderman SUTTON : All included. Councillor Puntrroor : If we pay fig. BJ. pee yard we Pay the full price. I understood Mr. Whice was willing to give us the land if we would make the alteration. Alderman SUTTON : For a certain portion of the land there is a give and take arrangement. For the portion of the land we took over we paid f,6s. Bd., per yard. For all the improvements including alterations to a gable-end, taking down wall etc., and including the Price paid for the land, the cost would be about £2OO. Councillor BMINIITT thought that Mr. White had met them in a reasonable spirit, although he did not think that 45ft., was adequate, as this neck of the lane gave access to five other thoroughfares. Ho thought the lane Ought to be made 60ft. wide. Councillor SMETHURST drew the attention of the Council to the old sore of the narrowness of a certain Portion of Horsemarket-street, and pointed out that Tmoney was not being spent there but was spent on ':'arta twice as wide as Horsemarket-street. When the cue • .-118 passed down the street the other day a most "tloue accident was narrowly averted, and a street Sign Was broken. ,rhe Mayon : lam sorry t) have to stop you again, 15at the matter is not before us at present. Will you give hence of motion. Councillor SMETHURST : lam in order. Why did you not stop Councillor Bennett ? The Mason : He spoke to a minute. I agree with all Alderman Sutton has said about Mr. John White's film- City, and lam surprised that there should have been pine dissentient voice. No man living could have met us a fairer manner than did Mr. White. I quite expected '2O would require more money, and lam surprised be- l',ond measure that there should be any question about the matter. Alderman Surrom replied, and said it was difficult to Please all. The Mayon: The highway to Manchester is only 32ft Wide, and yet we are making a short cross road 451 t Wide ? • Councillor BENI:TETT Wily is the highway to Latch- • 60:t wide? Alderman SUTTON: If we were to make the road .Wider we should have to buy the whole of the property, "hrl instead of the matter costing us £2OO it would cost £2.000 or £3,000. The minutes were then agreed to: ran HEALTH CCIIMITTEE--LOW DEATH HATE. ,„;S‘leerman SUTTON, in moving the adoption of the iLltates of this committee, said he wag very pleased to tiiT_rn the Council that there were only three cases in 07,1sospital at the present time. (Haar. hear.) The mint death rate during the last quarter was only 16 6, 6" zymotio death rate 16. That was Ism than 040

per thousand, and he believed that was the lowest death rate they had had in Warrington fer years ; and .he thought the remark would apply to the whale of Lan- eashire, where there had been a less death rate during the last quarter than there had been for many years past. (Hear, hear.) Alderman ROBSRTS seeonded, aid the minutes were adopted. SANITARY WORKS COTCHITTER—ILECTRIC LIGHTING. Couucillor JOHN Evans proposed the adoption of the minutes of the Sanitary Works Committee, and re- marked that the Committee hoped to be able to lay the whole scheme in connection with the proposed central sanitary depot in Mersey-street, before the Colleen at its next meeting. Councillor SIIISTIIT/RST emended. Councillor LONGTON asked if any provision was being , made f3r electric lighting. Councillor JOHN Evans said it Wee rather premature to answer tee questian, bat for Councillor Longton's satisfaction he might say that electric lighting was the primary ohje3t of the whole arrangement. (Hear, hear.) The raiautes were thon adopted. STREET PAVING IN LATCHFORD. Councillor Ettiscie asked the Chairman of the Paving and Sewerage Committee for a statement of the number and names of streets in Latchford Ward they are pre- pared to endertake for formetion and paving this year. Be remarked that only a small portion of the streets ordered to be attended to 18 months ago had yet beea completed. lie had had a great many complaints about some of the streets and had born requested to urge this work forward,and he trusted that during the remaining period of the year some of the work would be accom- plished so that the surroundings of the people living in that parr of the ward might be made more comfortable for the winter. The MaYOR proposed the adoption of the minutes of the Paving and Sewerage Committee, and in doing so said they were trying to pay Latchford as much attention as any other part of the borough, but it was very hard work indeed to keep pace with the demands with the pres-nt stJi• In answer to Councillor Ellison he might say that the streets they had in hand and which would be completed before the year expired were Frederick. ' street, Locket-street, Lyon-street, part of Chamberland- Hughes-street. Oldharn-street Oxford.3treet, Can- , ' street, Stater-streer,Envill-etreet,Marbury-street,Hewitt- street, siltlroerek and Clifton-street. erason said that the principal complaints t e rcbouur aye- came from Canterbury-street, and Clifton-street. The motion was then carried. aimmyer COMMITTER—VIM COUNTY COUNCIL GRANT. Alderman Roams moved the confirmation of the minutes of the Museum, Library eta. Committee, and remarked that the Technical Instru3tion Corn .nittee of the County Council had allotted to Warring. omethin like £6O mere this year than they had previously had,so that their agitation for fairer treat- ment bad ben met to some extent. He wished to again tto:3 3 iit'g emphasize upen the minds of the Council that in spite of this increased grant Warrington was not yet receiving by a considerable sum per annum, what they considered they were entitled to, because having long eince passed the lim t of population which entitled them to become a County Borough, they were entitled to exceptional treatment. The County Council ought to hand ever to Warrington, lees certain percentage for worla'ree encases, the precise sum they could claim were they 3 Crtunty authority. Be meant to go on claiming until they got the amount they would be entitle i to as a. County Borough, or until they beeame a Ceuuty Borough,and could claim it as a right. (Lpplause). Councillor WOODS Sacooded the motion, and it was carried. CIONSTDRT COMMITTEE.

The ininuterort—hls cornmi!;tee were proposed for adoption by Alderman Harreim, who remarked that they were progres3ing as fast as possible. (Laughter). He did not think there was a b tter looking Cemetery in England. The MAYOR endorgerl this statement. THE DELAY IN OPENING QUEEN'S GARDENS.

Councillor SMETHURST moved,—and Alderman Sutton seconded the confirmation of the minutes of the Town Hall, Park, and Baths Committee which recommended that the un.ler of the Warringt in Slate Company; Limited, to supply 800 yards patent Victoria stone gar- den edging, 7in by 3in, be accepted. Counetllor BENrisTsaid he would like:to ask the reason for the unnec,ssary delay in opening Queen's Gardens to the pabli?.. He had pail a visit there that night with the obj.:t of ascertaining whether anything was being done towards making the plops fit for the public use, and he found that very little had been done. He thought the action of the committee in allowing the summer months to pass by without making an effort to get the gardens opm, was open to serious criticism, The pub- lic had strong reasons for complaining. At the present time, the gardens were a mass of weeds and brickbats. Councillor SMETHURST explained that the delay in opening the gardens was in consequence of the difficulty the committee had eKperienced in obtaining the 800yds. of stone garden edging which were necessary. The 'committee could not get the curbs. Councillor Suaw GREEN You have wasted about three months ; that is all. The minutes were then confirmed. THE MARKETS—A RECORD DAY. Alderman fluvoniNsom moved the adoption of the ' minutes of the Markats Committee, the month's receipts from the markets being an increase of £l3 19s. 6d. as compared with the corresponding period last year. Councillor WOODS seconded, and said be would like to point out that last Wednesday week—July 27th—was a record day for tolls from the markets in Warrington. It I showed that the expenditure of laying out the market and fair ground,and establishing a pig mullet had been appreciated. Councilloi GRACE asked by what authority the Markets Committeelcollected „tolls atithe recent fairs on the Orford-lane ground? Alderman HUTCHINSON replied that the Council em- powered the Markets Committee to do so by special resolution. - .

The minutes were then confirmed. REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF GAS. TUE COMMITTEE CONGRATULATED.

Alderman FAIRCLOUGH in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the Gas Committee stated that the Coun- cil would see by one of the resolutions that the commit- tee had decided to reduce the price of gas by threepence per 1,000 feet from the Ist November next. The reduc- tion was due to the fact that their expenses had been reduced in consequence of making the gas at one works instead of two, and to the improved method of coking the coal. The reduction in the price of gas would cost them £3,000. The gas engineer told them that they could safely reduce the price by 4d. per thousand feet but after deliberation the committee came to the conclu- sion that it would be better to make a reduction of 3d. and thus be on tha right side. (Rear,bear.) Councillor LONGTON seconded the adoption of the minutes. Alderman ROBERTS said he was very pleased to notice the proposal of the Gas Committee which he supposed the Council would accept and agree to with acclamation. At the same time it should be clearly understood that the Council expected a good deal more. They hoped and had a right to expect, that the balance of difference between the cost and the charge of gas would be banded over to the Council—or a handsome proportion of it—in relief of the rates at the end of the year. (Hear, hear.) I So long as the ratepayers were responsible for the capital charges involved in this concern, they were en- titled to some relief as well as relief as gas consumers. He hoped the committee—which seemed disposed to act on a fair principle—would, as far as possible, pretty nearly equalise whatever concessions they had to make in the price of gas on the one hand by a ontribution to the relief a the rates on the other. With reference to the annual report of the gas department which had just been issued he was sorry to see that there bad been a slight departure from the report of the last and proviqua years. In the last report they had a comparative state- ' truant of the cost of manufacturing gas in the various departments from the year 1889 to 1897 but the report just issued only contained the particulars for the years 1897 and 1898. He did not suppose there was any reason for leaving the previous years' figures out, but if they bad been included it would have saved the members of 1 the Council some troulale. He did not suppose there was any other reason for the one: ssion except for want of space. Alderman FAIRCLOUGH: We have only one works now; we lead two in previous years. Councillor LONGTON : You have all the information given in the report. Alderman ROBERTS : I know what I am talking about ;whether Councillor Longton does or not. I am referring Ito that part of the report which gives us the cost of manufacture. Continuing, he said his object in raising the question was to make the report more useful for ref- erence. The MAYOR: Do I understand that the statement for 1897 is missing? Alderman Homan : No; we have that but we haven't the years' figures prior to 1897. Alderman Fairclough promised that the figures which were missing should be included in the report, and that an amended table should be published to be added to this year's report. Councillor SHAW GREEN said the Gas Committee gave the Council a sum of money at the beginning ot the year towards the reduction of the rates, and the committee now came to the general relief of the whole body of gas consumers. If this policy were continued he thought the members of the Council would have reason to con- gratulate themselves on the development of the gas business. In the annual report he noticed that the gas manager gave the receipts as "estimated receipts." He took it that the estimated receipts had been realised, and he thought they might have been called receipts. Them was nothing unreasonable in the expression which

BIRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, AND mounted in Glass Cases any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Deals in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass shades, Stags' Heads. Cabinets. Store Bores, Nets and al Requisites for Butterflygand Egg Collectors,—B. COOKE Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw - street, Li serpoo Established 24:years.

had been made that the ratepayers and gas consumers I should be considered when the gas profits were known. ' Councillor SIESTIIIIRST congratulated the Gas Com- mittee upon the reduction in the price of gas. Alderman SUTTON thought every gas consumer and 'ratepayer would be gratetul to the Gas Committee for doing so much for them as they had done. They must not forget that prior to the gas undertaking coming into the hands of the Corporation the consumers never had any reductions in the price of gas at all. He thought the price of gas at that time was something like 43. or 43. 61. per thousand, and the gaf company seemed deter- mined that they would not have the price reduced. Since the undertaking had been in the hands of the Cor- poration reductions of 6d., 2d. and 3.1. per thousand feet had been made, which equalled 11d, per thousand feet in the aggregate. In addition to these reductions the Committee bad handed over to the Corporation from the profi;i3 something like £3,000. He thought that ought to convince them that the members of the Gas Committee bad conducted the works in a business-like manner, and proved that the gas works had been a splendid purchase on the part of the Corporation. Councillor Gluon also congratulated the Gas Com- mittee on the reduction in the price of gas, and stated , that as the reduction was not to come into operation until November next, it would be interesting to know , how many members of the committee had to face the electors next November. (Laughter.) The minutes were then confirmed. WARRINGTON AND THE MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL COMPANY. - - -

Alderman ROBERTS in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the:Rivers Committee which contained a corn- Imunication from the Ship Canal Company declining to allow Warrington traffic to leave the Canal at Run-1 corn Lock,s'ated that the Council would remember that the committee undertook to endeavour to get the Man-1 cheeter Ship Canal Company to make a concession to the traders of Warrineton by allowing them to leave the Canal at Runcorn Lock in consideration of the giving up of toe construction of the penstock at Warrington. In accordance with that promise the deputy chaismin of the committee, the Town Clerk, and him- self had a personal interview with the directors of the Ship Canel Company. The interview lasted i hours in which they used every argument of which they were capable to try and induce the Company to give way on the point before them. They did not meet with very much encouragement because the Chairman of the Ship Canal Company told them that there were points involved other than those which seemed on the surface. In other words, if the company made the concession they would have intro- duced an element of competitien with themselves which would perhaps in the long run be disastrous to them,and therefore they were not juetified in making the conces- sion. That matter was therefore now at an end. From the report of the Borough Surveyor on the sewage dis- charged into the river at Warrington, they would see that the complaints which had been made ' from time to ' tines of the deposit of lime were no longer justified by facts. The Borough Survey or had persistently and con- sistent'y had under his purview this alleged depoeit,and his last report,which had been carefully compiled,proved beyond question that the deposit of lime in the river had ceased,and he (Alderman Roberts) hoped that cendition of things would continue. Alderman SUTTON seconded. Councillor BURTON said he would b 3 glad if the Borough Surveyor's report were presented to the Coun- cil, It contained information which the members ought to be in possession of. During the last few weeks the condition of the river bad been in a very bad state. He did not think it had been worse fer some seven or eight years. lie had been expecting that the Borough Sur- veyor would have given them some other statement. There was certainly a greater nuisance than that of lime in the river, and he would suggest to the Chairman of the Committee that eamples be taken from the river Month by month, both before 'the water enters the Borough and when it leaves it. (Hear, hear.) The Melton said no doubt the suggestion which had been made would be taken notice of. Councillor Thrower said he had not the least doebt that the deputation urged everything they could in favour of the concession to Warrington traders, but if he remembered rightly One reason for asking for the concession was the face that the Corporation was reliev- ing the Ship Canal Company of the expense of the con- struction of a penstock. He wished to know whether it was intended to relieve the company of that expense now seeing that that the concession asked for had not been granted. Councintor BENNETT : We are not only throwing it away but giving the Ship Canal Cornpaay a free tip in the bed of our river. Alderman ROBERTS,M reply to Councillor Tinnion,said the deputation urged the very point alluded to before the directors, pointing out that the Corporation had this item of expenditure on the part of the Ship Canal Company, to offer in exzhange for the concession asked for. The directors told them at once that this item of expenditure for the construction of a penetock amounting to £4OO or £5OO had been included in the estimates, and they had the money, and were prepared to spend it if the Corporation wished them to do so. The Council sanctioned the filling up of the old river bed up to a certain point, and therefore the penstock would be of no use. He did not see any justification for asking the Ship Canal Company to spend money which could not be of service to them or Warrington: The remark of Councillor Bennett that the Corporation had given the Canal Company a free tip in the river was in- accurate, but if he chose to call it such he (Alderman Roberts) could not help it. That was Councillor Ben- nett's pretty way of putting it. The minutes were then passed. THE FIRE ENGINE COMMITTEE. - .

A discussion relative to the aetion of the Superinten- dent of the Fire Brigade at the fire at Messrs.Riehmond's works will ho found in another column.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY BROOK AGAIN! THE POSITION OF THE ST. HELENS CORPORATION.

At a meeting of the General rurposes Committee the Town Clerk reported that the Bill for confirming the Warrington Electric Lighting Order received the Royal Assent on the 25th July. The Town Clerk further re- ported that Mr. Alderman Sutton,Mr. Alderman Roberts the Borough Surveyor, and himself had attended before the Committee of the House of Commons in the opposi• tion of the Corporation against the St. Helens Corpora- tion Bill, and that the committee had inserted the fol- lowing clause in the Bill in consequence of such opposi- tion :—" The two last preceding sections of this Act (viz., power to require water closets or earth closets or privies for new buildings, and power to require water or waste water closets in existing buildings) shall not come into operation until the Local Government Board shall have given the approval required by Section 52 of the Act of 1893, and any writing purporting to be under the hand of the Secretary, to the Local Governmen.t Board, signifying such approval, shall be conclusive evi- dence in all courts of such approval." The MAYOR moved, and Councillor SuAw Grams seconded, the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor PLIIMPTON again drew attention to the con- dition of Sankey Brook. He should like to ask whether they were to continue to submit to the present nuisance at Sankey? Had they to wait until the St. Helena Cor- poration saw fit to carry out the scheme they bad on hand? While the deputation were in London the atmos- phere around the brook was" loaded" for half a mile with sewer gas. It would have been far better, in his opinion, for the Corporation to have applied for an in- junction against St. Helens Corporation, because the nuisance could not be allowed to go on. The St,Helens authorities knew perfectly well that they contributed to the nusiance which now exis':ed,and it was high time

===== 0002601_18980812_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
FEMALE AILMENTS

Irregularities and Obstructions however obstinate quickly and surely relieved and removed in a few aonrs, after all elf% fails, this remedy acts as magic. Full particulars, testimonials and proofs will be sent on receipt of stamped envelope. Madam MARTYN, 20, Bishopsgate Without , Lcndon. Established 30 Years.

that steps were taken to remedy it. Someone living in j the ighbourhood of the brook ought to have given evi- dence as to its condition. The Cnairman of the com- mittee had thrown a wet the,t over the matter, and the Deputy Chairman of the Health oommltt3e never believed there was may sewerage there and only thought it was the Et .nch from the chemical works. He (Councillor Plumpton)thought the Council should be put in possession of the Medical Officer's report on Sankey Brook. If the public knew the facts the houses on the banks of the brook would be empty. The people in that neighbourhood had a right to he protected. Councillor BURTON said they were in a very happy position at Sankey Bridges,with a beautiful river on one side and a pretty brook on the other. (Laughter.) The deputation that visited Sankey Bridges with regard to the playground had some experience of the fumes aris- ing from the brook. It had occurred t) him that it would not be a bad idea to invite the whole of the members of the Council to spend a holiday at Sankey Briages for a week or two,and if they did so there would be a regular row at the next meeting of the Council. (Laughter.) They would not wait for the St. Helens people but go in for an injunction to put an end to the abominable nuisance which existed. He hoped the Council would do something to hasten matters on. Hear, hear.)

Alderman SUTTON: Councillor Plurupton has been teaching me something I did not know. (Laughter). Councillor PLUMPTON : That is not saying much. (Loud laughter). Alderman Irstencosur : That is very good. (Renewed laughter). Alderman SUTTON (who stood for a moment or two without soesking ): Well. (More laughter). I will wait patiently until tney have all finished laughing.—I am not at all in a hurry. Councillor Plumpton has said that I alwaye threw a wet blanket on the scheme. (A, Voice : Wet sheet.") Well, you may sheet it or blan- ket it, or what you like, but he says that I have always been opposed to anything being done to remedy the evil complained of at Sankey Brook. I say that he makes a I mistake entirely, and that if he has cunt° to that conclu- sion he does not pay much attentmc to what is going on in committee. I maintain that I have been determined from the beginning to do all I could to mitigate toe evil complained of, but who your Medical Officer advisee I you that it ia unsafe to take any action—for the Corpor- ation to take any action--under the circumstances wnat can von do ? Are the recommendations of the Medical Officer to be ignored ? Certaioly not. We had no power whatever to give evidence on the application of the Cor- poration of St. He'ens for their Bill. Alderman BLACBRURST : What did you go for ? I Alderman SurTon : We did not go to give evidence. I I Coancillor TINNION : To enjoy yourselves.(Laughter). Alden-11W SUTTON : To do as you have done where there has not been the slightest necessity—(laughterl— to go to Lenclou or anywhere else. We went for a specific purpose—to be in readiness to have consultations with counsel if necessary. But I think you will agree that we were successful in ob:aining the clause we did. 'Ube St. Helens Corporation will ho required to carry out what is required of them by the clause. At the present time the whole question is before the Local Government Board, and the introduction of the clause has had the effect of placing St. Helens in a corner with regard to their sewage. They will be compelled to reduce thel nuisance which exists in Sankey Brook. He was Sr rry Councillor Plump= knew so little about the matter as to suggest an injunction being taken out. Councillor PLUMPTON : Alderman Sutton was not present at the committee meeting when the Medical Officer of Health's report was read. Alderman SUTTON said it was very questionable whether the Corporation would have succeeded if they had applied for an injunction. Alderman ROBERTS said he did not think the Council quite comprehended what was contemplated by the clause printed on page 12. There were two ways of proceeding against St. Cadens Corporati)n. The first method would be by injunction. They could not go into Couit, for that purpose however, until they were abso- lutely free from blame themselves. St. Helens fortun- ately gave notice for a Bill contemplating the extension of the Borough and the conversion of the present closet system to a water-carriage system. Here was their opportunity, and a deputation representing Warrington , 'Corporation attended in London four days for' an opportunity of presenting their case before the committee of the House of Corn- mons. They were not called upon to give evi- dence, though they had it prepared. Dr. Carter Bell was present with scientific evidence as to the condition Of Sankey Brook. Alderman Rommrs then went on to explain that in 1893 St. Helens got an Extension Act which included a clause requiring them to forthwith pro- vide certain works for the elimination of their sewage at I present contaminating the brook, and not that contem- plated to come into the Brook frcm the water-carriage system. Thus when the House of Commons committee passed the new Bill, it was on condition that the works contemplated in 189 a should be first carried out More permission to connect a water- carriage system with the Brook was given. They , must get rid of the sewage which had been contain- mating Sankey Brook all these years before they could proceed with the new scheme. This was the only way the Warrington Corpora7,ion had open to them for effecting the desired ebject, and he could asauro Coun- cillors Burton and Plumpton that the scientifia witness for the St. Helens Corporation had declared in his evi- dence that he had solved the difficulty as regards a pure effluent and therefore within 12 or 18 months the works would be in full operation and this noxious material which had fouled the brook for so many years would be eliminated. Not one single water-closet could be con- nected with the brook until the other sewage was pre- vented from entering into it. (Applause). The motion was then passed. LICENSING MATTERS IN THE COUNCIL.—PRO- POSAL TO GO INTO COMMITTEE.—LIVELY DISCUSSION.

_ The IdAyou moyee : "That the C.louncil resolve itself into committee to consider the proposals with respect to the licences of the Feathers Hotel and Baths Hotel." Alderman FAIRCLOUGII seconded. Cluncillor F. R. ROBERTS : Is there any serious neces- sity why the motion should be passed ? Why should we discuss the matter in caniera ? It is a matter in which the whole of the town takes an interest. Our constituents want to know what we have to say about the matter. I see no reason why we should be ashamed lof a publication of the proceedings. I strongly pretest azainst the Council going into committee. (Hear, tear.) Councillor Tumors pointed out that on previous occa- sions when the Council had sat in Committee they had allowed the press to remain, He thought it would be better to go into Committee,but he should like the public and press to remain. A vote was then taken and it was decided by 12 votes to 11 to discuss the matter in committee. Councillor Trurneas then said he and others were under the impression that the press and public were to be ad.

As there seemed to have been some misapprehension on the matter another vote was taken and for the original motion there voted the Mayor, Alderman Fair- dough, Alderman Sutton, Alderman Hutchinson, Alder- man Blackhurst, Alderman Franconab, Councillors Can- nell, Rogers, Woods, Shillcock, and Lee (11). Against the motion: Alderman Roberts, Councillors Shaw Green, Plumpton, Smethurst, Bennett, Ellison, Burton, James Evans, Furness, Tinnion, F. H. Roberts, Grace, and Jolley (13). The TowN CLERK proceeded t 3 read a certain report relative to the licences in question when it was suggested that the Council meeting should be adjourned. Alderman SuTroif could not understand what ()Nee- -1 tion there could be in going into committee. Councillor F. R. Ronzurs Have we not voted on the 'question ? Alderman Strum : Yes, you have; but still at the , same time I may be allowed to make a remark. 1 Councillor F. R. ROBERTS : I insist on my point of order. _

The Baron ruled that alderman Sutton was out of order.

Alderman SUTTON continued standing, and there were general cries of "Chair," "Don't be too persistent" he exclaimcd.

Councillor F. R. Rossers : Don't you te too persist- ent.

Alderman SUTTON: Let inn sit down quiet'y. I don't want to be knocked down. (Laughter.) Councillor ELLismi : I move the adjournment of the Council fcr a month. Councillor F. R. ROBERTS seconded.

Alderman SUTTON: What is the advantage of that? The TowN CLERK : It is a matter which requires further consideration. There are certain matters in the recommendation of the sub-committ?e which should cer- ta'nly not come before the public. Councfflor SEraw GREEN said that a perfect stranger to the town had called upon him and told him what was in the report. Some one had made it known. Alderman trainman said they were just in the middle of negotiations. If a man was purchasing a house he would not let everybody know what he was daing.They had bad certain offers made from two brewers and they wanted to do what was best for the town. They had not committed themselves in any way wh itever. If the offers were discusse I in committee, they could after- wards peblish the particulars if it was desirable to do so. They wanted to do the best they could for the rate payers of the town, and if they published the negota- lions now they would defeat every end they had in view. _

Councillor TINNION : What is the end in view ? Alderman Fnescoots : To get as much as possible for the ratepayers. Councillor TINNION : To sell licenses !

Alderman FRANCOMB said there, were a lot of improve- ments which might be carried out, and they could get them by removing licenses. Personally, he believed they could make an excellent bargain. Ell did not think it was to the interest of the Council to go on with the matter now.

_ Alderman ROBERTS thought the Council could very properly consider whatever the sub-committee had to recommend with regard to ttite purchase of property. As Is a question of licensing they had nothing at all to do with it. What the magistratej might do was for the Bench to decide. The question of the removal of licenses had nothing at all to do with the Council. If the a committee came came forward with proposed improvements then it was in the province of the Council to discuss those improvements as improvements. As to going into Committee they knew it was impossible to keep private aay communication submitted ts 38 perions. He saw no vason why the proposals should not lo sub- mitted in full to the Council. The only question was whether they should be submitted privately or pubEcly. If the proposals were such as commend-d themselves to the Cauncil as far business proposals they could be sottled by the Council. Any question as to the disposal of licenses could only be settlel by the magistrates. The Idearoe thought they could not enter into the de- tails without the consent of the parties concerned.

Alderman ROBERTS I understand the matter to be this. Tu regard t license there are certain opportu- nities; for improvements offered if we are willing to sell this access—which of course will be subject to ths con- sent of the magistrates. Certain concessions will be made to us in regard to certain public improvements. Why should not these to diseussee ? I see no reason why the interests of either party would be prejudiced. Alderman FRANCOMB said it wag recommended that they should go into committee so that the General Pur- poses Committee could obtain the opinion of the Council and perhaps seine suggestions. Afterwards they did net care how public the matter was made. Councillor James Everss said he wanted to know the facts of the case,and sug.lested that those facts be com- municated privately,and that the meeting be adjourned to enable them to consider what to do. Aldermau BLLCKIIIIRST considered it would be better to adjourn the meeting. Alderman SUTTON did not understand what could be gained by an adjournment. At the adjourned meeting they would be in a similar position. Every member of the C macil already knew the report. (" No.") If he did not be would. _ . _

Councillor WOODS eugge3ted a special meeting of tbe Council to be called a fortnight hence.

Councillor BENNETT: Why not a month. Councillor GRACE said if there was any value attached to these licenses the brewers would want an answer beforo the Brewster Se.ssions which were on the 25th inst.

.---. . Councillor Tsmorr said the thing seemed wrapped up in mystery and they were in a worse position than when they started. Ho thought it would be better for the meeting to be adjourned for a week and in the mean- time each member to be furnished with the facts. He proposed this. The MAYOR seconded, and it was carried, This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
RIVAL SOAP

The case of Crosfield v. Sharp Brothers' Soap Per- fumery Company,Limited, rival soap manufacturers was again before Mr. Justice Stirling in the Chan- cery Division on Tuesday. Ills Lordship said the defendants' undertaking should be accepted by the pialutiffs,as sufficient till the trial—defendants in future to distinguish their soap from the plaintiffs by selling it in white tablets and in wrappers to be identified.tbis to be without prejudice to any gues- tion. Plaintiffs also gave an undertaking in regard to damages.

WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. At a meeting of this Chamber the secretary re- ported with regard to the lay-bye at Stag Bridge tkat be had communicated with the Ship Canal Company, suggesting the desirabily of utilizing it in the interests of local trade. He had received a letter from Mr. A. 11. Whitworth, stating that cer- tain preliminary inquiries would be made, and that a special representative of the company bad been appointed to visit the locality and ascertain the possibilities of the local traffic.—lt was decided to postpone the attempt to re-organise the Chamber until later in the year. when a vigorous attempt will be made to increase the number of members, and to carry out the various proposals which have already been mentioned in our columns.

LATCHFORD TANNERY, LIMITED. The employees of the above company along with their wives and friends went to Blackpool on Sat- urday morning, leaving Bank Quay Station by the 5.45 train. They had a most enjoyable outing the weather being all that could be desired. A splendid dinner and knife and fork tea was provided. After tea Mr. Harding rose to say, he was sure they had all enjoyed themselves, and though that was the first out they had received at the bands of the new company he hoped it would not be the last but that it would become an annual custom, and that each succeeding year would be better than its predecessor. (gear, hear), He thought their very best thanks were due to the secretary of the company for first bringing this trip forward ; and to Mr. W. Tinsley and Mr. C. Tinsley. He had therefore much pleasure in proposing that their very best thanks to Mr. W. Tinsley and Mr. C. Tinsley, Mr. W. W. Eyre and all the Directors, for their kindness on this occasion. He heartily wished the company every success. (Ap- plause). Mr. T. O'Brien said be quite agreed with all Mr. Harding had said and he was very pleased to second the resolution, which was carried with loud applause. The party left Blackpool by the 1340 train, arriving at Bank Quay Station about 8 o'clock, all being well pleased with their day's ex- cursion.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our NW BOOK containing valuable information to Ladies' how all Irregularities may b entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means Bacons mended by eminent Physicians as th onlyl Safe, Sure, and genuine Remedy. " Never Fails, housands of Teti. monials.—afr. W. di: BLANCHARD, Claremont Rouse , 11) orest-road,Dalston Loud '

THE WILDERSPOOL AND WARRINGTON FIRE BRIGADES.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ALLEGATION AND AN EXPLANATION. DISCU,SSION AT THE TOWN COUNCIL MEETING.

At the meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday evening a lively discussion took place with reference to the treatment of the Wilderspoal Fire Brigade at the recent fire at Messrs. Rin- mond's premises in Academy-street. Alderman HUTCHINSON, in moving the adoption of the initiates of the Fire Engine Committee said, four fires had taken place during the preceding month. the most serious one having occurred at Messrs. Richmond and Co.'s premises. Since the mecting of the committee a pleasing letter hid been received from the firm bearinz 1 testimony to the efficiency of the brigade. He should have a report to make on a certain question at the neat I meeting.

&!dells-an ROBERTS said he had a very serious matter to bring forward. Ile wished to know whether it was a fact that the police at the late fire at Richmond's tele- phoned to Wilderspool Brewery for the assistance of their engine,and when the brigade arrived at the scene of the fire they were ordered away by the superintendent of I the Warrington Brigade? If that was a fact all that he could say was that it was the most stupid thing that had ever been done by any official. If it was not a fact then it was of the utmost importance that it should be contradicted at once. They had received most valuable assistance from the Wilderspool Brigade, and it was net right on that accountoand also as a mat:er of policy for the fature,that they should be treated in the way it had been asserted. They could not have too much strength when fires brake out,and he could not conceive how un- der any circumstances such a position should have been taken up by anyone of their officials. Alderman HUTCHINSON observed that the discussion was out of order. He had said that he would submit a report at the next meeting. Councillor &saw GREEN : You did not say on what question.

- - Alderman HUTCHINSON said it would be upon the question which Alderman Roberts had raised. Councillor Tiarwrow asked the Town Clerk if he had received a report from the superintendent in reply to some correspondence sent to him (the Town Clerk) from Down. It was hardly fair for Alderman Roberts to have introduced this subject. If they had the rep lrt he referred to a very different light would be thrown on the matter.

The MAYOR: Don't you think we had better defer the :natter to the next meeting ? Councillor Woons said the tire tot* place on the 17th of July, and the committee nut on the 27th. It was re- markable to him that the committee wore not able to furnish them with a report on the aenda for that night's meeting. He considered it rather lax that the superintendent's repori; was not before them. Councillir Wrenn : Is it in order to speak when a qiiestion.bas been asked?

Councillor Woos : I sin perfectly in order, or else I should have been ruled out ef order. Anyone knows that. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The TOWN CLERK: The official coenplaint from Wilderspoel did not reach me until after the meeting. Councillor Woos : lam speaking about the report of the superintendent wkich we generally have had on the agenda. Councillor SHAW-GREEN thought it advisable that they should have the facts of the case if they could be stated at once.

Tne TOWN CLEM/ then read the following report from the superintendent, which he said ho had received on the previous day : _

Fire Station,August, 1893. Mr. WIIITTIIIS. Dear Sir :—The following is my ex- planation which you ask me to give of the tr3atinent received by the Wilderspool Fire Brigade at Messrs. Richmond's fire on the 17th July inst. We had five hydrants to work at tho Buttermarket street end of Academy-street and four branches from our large steamer"Captain"at the Mersey-street end supplied by hydrants from Mersey-street from 5.30 a.m. About seven o'clock or later we had the fire under control and without any danger of spreading to the adjoining work- shops or buildings, and h ad taken off two jets from the steamer, when Engineer Ratcliffe reported the Wildes- pool Fire Brigade's arrival. I sent him to tell them they had no need to start, we had the fire under control. He reported they had gone away. Sometime afterwards someone reported they had taken their engine round and had pitched in Mersey-street, opposite dlackhurst-street. Myself and Councillor Dr. Cannel! went round. They had laid a line of hose over the roof at the rear of the range fitting shop, and were filling dam from hydrant. I asked Craddock who sent for them. He replied" 1 don't know somebody has." I then told him there was no necassity to start, we had the fire under. He never said a single word to me about plugs, or made any c )m- -plaints be reports. I may state that our other steamer " Major " could have been used had we requir2d further aid. Soon after reaching the fire I asked our deputy superintendent if he required it fcr the Buttermarket side. Ile reported the hydrants were quite sufficient to keep the fir in check. _

I have, since I received your letter, called the mem- bers of this brigade together, and questioned them about not showing the Widerspool Brigade the where- abouts of plugs. I was surprised to know that only two men and myself had seen them, and these had not been asked by anyone connected with the Wilderspool Brig- ade about plugs. I can assure you, Sir, I only applied the common and general rule with all fire brigades, the brigade on the spot first continues work if able to man- age. I may remind you that the same thing occurred at Messrs. Fairclough's fire, February 10th,1893,and at Mr. Thomas Daintith's fire, Bridge-street, August 7th, 1898. We bad these fires in hand when they arrived, and there I were no complaints then or annoyance caused or re- ported. I also report since I have been superintendent of this brigade we have met the Widerspool Brigade upon nine occasione, have worked wi.h them at four fires three of these we have left them in charge, at two fires they had started work and we were not required,and on one occasion I lent them three lengths of bore, they not having enough. I may state that I had no knowledge that Mr. Ran- some had sent for them, although I noticed his great excitement at the early portion of the conflagration. After I received your letter I called upon him, and I enclose his explanation.—l remain,yours truly, FRANK TURNER, Superintendent, Warrington Fire Brigade. [Copy]. Richmond ez. Co., Ltd., Warrinr,ton, 29th July, IE9B. Dear Sir,—

Mr. Superintendent Turner has been up this morn. ing to see Die respecting the misunderstanding which appears to have arisen ever the Wilderspool Fire Bri- gade. The report of their Captain. Mr. William Craddock, is right so far as telephoning for the brigade through Ser- geant Bell is concerned, and although I have no clear recollection of the time he spoke to me, I should think it would be about six o'clock, just when the fire,was at its height. I Not knowing how far the fire might spread, I thought it would be advisable to have an engine to spare in or- der that we might bring it into action if neceesary, and therefore consented to the ringing up of the Wilderspool Brigade. I was not then aware that the Corporation had a second engine in the station waiting to coma upon the scene when required. It was a considerable time after the message before I saw the Wilderspool Captain (to whom l did not Speak), and I was not aware until after the firs was extin- guished that the Wilderspool Brigade got their boss con- nected,although I believe I am right in stating that they never had any water. When the Wilderspool engine arrived the fire was well under control,and it was not then necessary for them to commence playing upon it. I am extremely sorry that the Wilderspool Brigade should feel in any way slighted, and I can assure them that bad the fire not been so well mastered by the War- rington Brigade we should have been only too glad to , have availed ourselves of their serviees.—Yours faith- fully, RICHMOND IS CO., LIMITED, W. E. RANSOME, Director. J. Lyon Whittle, Esq., Town Clerk, Town Hall, Warrington. Alderman ROBERTS : Might I ask that the specific charges might be read The Town Cr-zax read the following communica- tions:— _

Wilde moo' Brewery, Warrington, 27th July, 1898. Dear Sir,--We have been considerably annoyed by the treatment our firemen received at the fire at Messrs. Richmond and Co.'s works on Sunday. the 17th it St. We enclose copy of report by our Deputy-Superintendent who was in charge. If his account be correct,which we have no reason to doubt, we think the matter requires some. explanation. We cannot allow our men to be made fools of and treated with contempt. They have done good ssrvice for the town in the past, and you may require them again, but unless we receive an assurance that they will at least be treated with civility and respect, we stall be obliged to decline to allow them to a3sist your men in future. We shall be glad if you will kindly bring the matter before the Proper committee, and oblige, yours faithfully, for Greenall, Whitley and Co„ THOMAS J. DOWN, Director. J. Lyon Whittle, Esq., Town Hall, Warrington. Wi Iderspool Brewery, Warrington, 27th July, 1898. REPORT OP THE FIRE AT MESSRS RICHMOND'S, ON MR JULY 1898. The Fire Brigade was called at the request of Mr. Some by by Sergeant Bell,from the Warrington Police Office at 6-20 on Sunday morning, to the Police station at Stockton Heath. Brigade arrived at 6-30 in charge of William Crad- dock. Be immediately 1.11'.i two stands down and the dam, and ran the hose pipes on the roof of the adjoining buildings.

Superintendent TURNEa asked who authorized him to COMO and run the pipes out, and he replied that the Wilderspool Brigade had been rung up by one of the officials of Messrs. Richmond and Co. Turner replied that he had no right to start without seeing hint and Graddrck's reply was" Whera could you be found? I couldn't even find fire plugs from your men," at which be was ordered by Superintendent Turner to clear out, which the Wilderspool Brigade obeyed. The Warrington brigade was playing on the fire whea NV. Craddock arrived.

(SigneJ) WILLIAM CRADDOCIC, Witness—W.B. Roma-N.

Alderman SUTTON said that was the first he ha l heazd of the matter, but at the same time he quite expected that tae report of the Superintendent would be in aceerdance with what had just been read.Al the Supsrin- tendent was responsible for the Fire Brigade and as if anything went wrong they would look to him as being responsible,they ought at the same time to give him full charge and authority to do whatever he thought nem. sary or requisite on an occasion of that sort. It was not the first time they had had the question brought before them as to who was responsible for the management of the fire brigade on the occasion of a fire, and he thought they had come to the conclusion that in future cases it would be far better if there was nointerference either On the part of the members of the conamittee or the Counci or anyone else with the Superint-ndeut. (Hear, heat). Under the circumstances he could qtaite understand how- it was that the Superintendent had acted as he had done. It was very often the Case that if there was interference it made it very difficult for the Superintendent to give his orders in the way he would wish to do. Too many brigades and to many engines would on occasions be in the way. Be admitted all that had been said with regard to the kindness of the Wilderspool Company,and he was quite ready to admit that they had readered very valu- able services and he hoped they would continue to do ise. He was gait.? sure Mr. Down would arse ween bo understood the whole of the circumstances that it was a mistake on the part of someone perhaps to anxious to get all ths assistance they could. It was a mistake to interfere without the orders of the superintendent, and he was sure Mr. Down would admit the superintendent wag not to blame,.

Councillor SHETHMIST said there was not a single word in the minutes upon which they could discuss the question,. ...

Councillor SHAW' GREEN : There is the fire itself. Councillor Sarruunsr replied that there was nothing about the Fir + Brigade. Toe Chairman promised a full report,and yet they allowed Alderman Roberts to make a statement with regard to it, and talk upon the qisestiou for half an hour. When they at that end of the table got up to speak on whatever was not 0 3 the agenda they were ruled out of order.

ilderman ROBERTS : I justify my remarks by the fact that the fire at Messrs. Richmond's is mentioned. I am glad I asked the question, because it has given us an opportunity of hearing Superintendent Turner's reply, and I have C 31210 to the conclusion that there has been some unfortunate misunderstanding. I know the Superintendent, and I could not conceive that he would have been guilty of such a gross breach of unkindness such as is described by the Superintendent of the 1111- derspool Brigade. Ido not cast any reflection on the latter gentleman ; there has evidently been a mutual mir;understanding. _ _

Councillor LEE said the charge did not come from the Wilderspool superintendent. His explanation was that he woe away from home at the time of the fire. The complaint was not that the brigade were not required, but it was considered that Superintendent Turner might have been a little more judicious in regard to the way in which he spoke to the men.

Alderman HUTCHINSON- he had always admired the willingness of the Wilderspool Brigade to come to their assistance. On this occasion a misunderstand- ing must have arisen, but the explanation should prove satisfactory. The minutes were then approved.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
New School Suits For 6d.

Not really new, but they look so. 'The boy's clothes are made from papa's old ones,dyed with

Diamond Dyes.

The girl's dresses are dyed too, and many of the suits 7- and frocks cost but sixpence. Sold -'` everywhere. No ience is needed to do good work with aiIAMOND DYES which are made especially for home use. A dainty book, Successful Home Dyeing, and forty-five samples of dyed cloth, sent gratis and post free. Address, DIADOND DYES, Si & 32 Snow Hlll, London, LG.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE REALM i OF I,VA. R RING TON. Ending Saturday 30th July 1898. During the week the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington Registration District 59 17 The excess of births over deaths was 42. The Birth Rate was equal to 48 8 per 1,000 of the population. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 14.08 per 1,000, against 13.2 the average of the previous 4 weeks, and against 17.6 the corresponding period of last year. The death, rate from the seven chief urnotio diseases was equal to 24 per 1,000, against nil the average rate of the previous 4 weeks, and against 3%3 the corresponding period of 1897. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 op. 9 1 7 17 The deaths included-1 from enteric fever 1 from Whooping cu;YI-1 I from diarrlima 1 from phthl3's 2 from lung diseas'!z, 1 from heArt disease, 10 from all other causes. The followinff ca7es of iilfectirms diFea,, have been reported during the week:—t,.csrin f.ver 1 case enteric fevzr 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital for week ending July 30th, 3. METEOROLOGY—The mean temperature was 57.3 Fab., and therefore 2 3 deg. colder than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 72F., was recorded on the 26tia inst., and the minimum temperature 42 1,., on the 30th inst. The raUitall measured Nil inch. The general direction was N. W. the reading of the anemometer denoting 535 miles. ,

JOHN H. GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health.

OUR LOCAL-- CHURCHES. WYCLIFFE FAA.. SOCIETY. Mr. T. B. Malkin prasided at the service in connectibn with this society on Sunday. The subject of his address was "Conciliation." Mr. A. Corney was the speaker and delivered an eloquent address, taking as his test, Peal= 121-1 "I will lift up mine ayes to the bills, from whence corLeth my help." Mr. Hipkiss contributed a clarionet solo awl Messrs. G. Wallington and D. Owen took part in the servics.

AC 3IA *,.*.* ,* * _._____ A' " I PAY ONE-AND- 4C * FOUR FOR MINE." IC * "Yes." adds the shrewd and thrifty :le *house-wife--" whether I'm at home or away a-holidaying, I ,always buy BROOKE, BoNDS' IS. 4d. Tea, because I've proved it lIC - * over many years to be better than any- - body e!se's tea at the price." She knows 74fr that two-million people drink Brooke, * Bonds' every day; she has read that the St House of Commons, the chosen of the People, have chosen l3reeke. Bonds' Tea -77 before all others ; and she is assured that * thirty-thousand Agents sell Brooke *. . ' Ponds' packets everywhere. All these real ist: facts have backed-up her own opinio *n about the tea, and she is convitmed that - She is right, that the tea Is right, and that sir the price is right. *When you are away for your little holi- day. this month, insist, wherever you may be, on buying BROOKE. BONDS' Tea --- *and Brooke, Bonds' only. It's sold In ell * the holiday-resorts just as it is sold neat *door to your own home, Everywhere : the same packet, the fame quality, the sameprice. IF!: * W., 1/-, 1/4, 1/8, 2/5 or 2/4 45 * A LB. *-- --

AGENTS • *at the sea-side, and at your home-side. IC * * BROOKE, BOND & Co., Ltd. 2444 * Tzt MERcmorra By APPOINTMENT To THE PEOPLE. * nog LANCASEIRE WARER (MISES : * 17, PICCADILLY, AND 12& 14, LONG * XILLGATE, MANcsgEsTvi, * AND AT LONDON, LEEDS AND BRADF ORD. 311 C * *OK *At. 4r%*

.k., -r. ( .L. 7...., , ,r 4 \lt4l A \ N4O • 0 ..44Bif V ie + I ) : experii D-

I. 0.

4 4 f- -1 .

I

: ' t

• • ,

I

Ii

Ii

'L=t, s

===== 0002601_18980812_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
arbt 44 eramintr " t•t•its

Olf Ll.lO &BELE LAD CHESHIRE CoUNTT NEWbPYPEPS: Comprise.

I\HE Warrington and Hid-Clteshirt Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestoten and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. TBE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday morning,

THE Widnes Examiner, publisbed every Friday morning

_ 2RIIPAID ADVERTISEMERTb• SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE:LET,

SITUATIONS VACANT,

PARTNERSHIPS WANTED,

APARTMENTS WANTED MONET WANTED,

SPECINIC ARTICLES FOR .SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT

MISCELLANEOI7II WANTS.

HORSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR BOLT. Three Six ords. Weeks. Weeks.

One Week.

'lB 27 36 45 64

===== 0002601_18980812_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
iliontestit berbants, &r.

mrANTED, good general SERVANT, liberal wages, one who can wash.—Mas. DAVIES, 20, Halt Edge-lane, Eccles.

WANTED General SERVANT, able to plain cook and wash; ;girl to assiat.—Apply 555, CICERTHAM HILL, Manchester,

WANTED HOUSE/SAID, over 20 years.—Apply by letter to Mrs. VERITY, 16, aloueester•road, Birkdale, *ear Southport.

NVILATBD, good GENERAL; able to wash ; references required; good tiome.—Apply, DB TRAFI/011D Amu, Crostoo, Preston.

INT ANTED, strong (country) GIRL, one able to wash. and plain cook. Apply, 19, Sr. JAMES-STREET, Bridge- foot, near Warrington.

WANTED, respectable GENERAL. Girl about 17, good character; only two in family.—Apply .Mrs. BRown, Talbot Hotel, Shitnal.

WASTED, a GIRL, fond of children, good home ; 10s 6d per month.—Apply H. EgAIUSSALL, 10, Eden Avenue, Egremont, Cheshire.

WARTED, gird Plain COOK, for the middle of August small family.—Apply Mrs. Dionalari Bitotaxic, Wood- house Hill, Huddersfield.

WAITED, good COOK-GENERAL. Protestant preferred. Good wages. Apply between sia and seven pan„ 60. Eelliol-road, Bootle. Liverpool.

WARTED. WAITRESS. thoroughly experienced. by Aug- gust 26 ; age from 26 to 32. Apply by letter first.iliias BAITER, ISolleaworth, Bowdon, Cheshire.

WANTED, respectable GENERAL SERVANT ; middle age not objected to. Good home.—Apply ZEFFEETT, 7, Moor Place, Loadma-road. Liverpool.

-- -tr OUNG MAN wants SITUATION as GARDINER ; 1 single ; age 5 ; good referenens.—D. DALit. Hurst View, Burnage-lane, Didsbury, Manchester.

I',VAATED, middle of August. COOK-GRNBRAL, must cook well ; no washing; housemaid kept; small 'family ; wages £l.7.—Apply RECTORY, Stretford,

WANTBD, strong GIRL at ones ; for West Kirby; must have good character ; also nest and clean appearance. —Apply, stating age and references, 11, CIIIIECII-ROAD.

ANTED. experienced GBNBRAL, able to wash and iron VT small family ; wages £18; must have good references —Apply MRS. TOWNSON, 50, ()Ma Brook-road. Beiges.

WAND COOK MINERAL : not above 30 : hunsemald- waitress kept : small family: goo& references India- sable. Apply, letter only, IC Bevy BERWYN, Old Colwyn. three

pOlll

WANTBD. COOIC-GHNBRAL at once; In family ; nurse and Housewsald kept; state age and wages.—Apply with reference, Ws. SOODWIN, Phu Newydd, Rhyl.

WAHMED, Situation as GArtriblNElt (head); thorough:y practical; private or market; silver medalliat(Journal of Horticulture); married.—P. Wrixrints,Pool House,Tilston, 2ifalpas, Cheshire.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL, age 20 to 25, able to wash ; tbree to family ;no children ; good wages; good reference required.—Apply, 2, LOWRY-BANC, Mersey-street, lieacombe, Liverpool.

WANTBD, at once, respectable trustworthy PERSON. where nnethet kept ; must be able to wash, bake, and make butter; small family.—Apply Mrs. W. HEIGHWAY, roleatere, Lea hose, near ehrewsbury.

WANTED. gcoet GENERAL SERVANT; able to wash. Iron. and plain cook; family three; good wages to suitable girl ; must have good references.—Write, or apply AVON COTTAGE, Burnage-lane, Withington, Manchester.

MALE! and FEMALE NURSES IfibTITUTION, 70, Hope- street. Liverpool.—Established 187 S.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegraph.—" ;Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone, 670

Wanteb.

--- - - 13LA.STIMERS WANTED,—Lyoxs,Middleton, .L No dispute.

;anchester.

LlOOO EARNINGS at bone by the HARRISON PATENT KNITTING MACIIINKS.-45, UPPER BROOK-STREET, Man- chester.

rrWO ASSISTANT-MISTRESSES WANTED (Art 50) for girls' slid infante.—Apply VrCAlit, S. Stephen's, Oldham.

WAR MEDALS WANTED dated 1843, or earlier 1864, or later; alao last Arctic; £2 each givea—Maj or TOM 33, Droitwich.

ASSISTANT MISTRESS Wanted (Art. 50) in mixed school St. Helena. Salary £5O. Apply /Ants, Holy Trinity St, Helena. -----

Vicarage,

- WANTED, PAGE BOY, smart ; for private family ; good references indlspensable.—Apply to FAIRR'S Wood, Didsbury, Manchester.

YOUNG} MAN WANTED, 355., per week and commission. Regular work. Splendid opening. Address Coml.° WONKS Farnwortb, Bolton. Lanes.

EIBMINGHASI GOODS.—Everything for dealers, fur- l) nigher', clubs, £c.; Agents wanted; wholesale book free. —Write HENRY MAT, Factor, Birmingham.

'HIGH CROMPTON N. SCHOOL, SHAW.—WANTED, 11 ASSISTANT-MISTRESS, Standard IV., Church- woman; salary £so.—Address the VICAR.

IVANTED for cash Postage Stamps (present Issue English excepted) collections or loose ; unused stamps cashed. —PLIIMILIDGE AND CO., 63-6. Chancery-Inns, London. x

A GENTS WANTED, also local -MANAGE% liberal terms, 41 Particulars. A ddress liliarreoneu DIRECTOR, National Free Homes Association Limited, John Dalton-street, Man- chester.

APPOINTMBNTS, H. M. CIVIL SERVICE. Open to all aged 16 to 25. Clerkship, Hseise, Custom etc. Short boors, liberal salaries,pensions. For fullest partieuArs. C.S. Guide, duties, vaeaneies ete..( gratis and post free). Address stating age, CIVIL SERvicE DEPARTMENT, Albert Hall, Ndinburgh.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
pul4itattons.

66 HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH." A medical work giv ing Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of. all kinds of Debility; post, free two stamps. Address Messrs. BARN, 48, Lonsdale Square. Barnsbury, Lon- dos, N.

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Ner—ous and Physical Debility should send for a valua 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. pent sealed, post free. Address— B. NORTON. 69, it 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.O. Estaolished 30 Years.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO MEN.

When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive orgsas write to me and I will send yOu a ok which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN Cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, Bte., from whatever • eause arising. NO SIOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEC- TjaCITY. bent in envelope on receipt ot two stamps for Postai!' Qg N 92-93. Great Bussell-str et. London. W.O A. J. Ex •

FEINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Net s---- these and Despatch. G' SPECIALITY: , Auctioneers' Bale Bills, Catalogues. Conditions cf Sale' Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts Soirees, Balls, S4e. : Rules for Friendly Building, and Co-operative Societies ~ Cricket Club Itules,Time Sheets and Books,Note Headings.Metnoranduins,Work Notes.l3lll Heads, Basiness, Visiting and Mourning Carlo, Handbills, de. Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description are requested te give a trial,

PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, TRINTDIG FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINT&G FOR CHURCHES, JOHN WALKER, AND CO ENVELOPES

2°,. PER

,000.

_____. • "EXAMIN ER ' OFFICE,

f LANDUDNO.-31.L8mi.L'8 Boarding Bstablishment , _La Craig Mor Abbey-road, lovely situation; superior accom- modation with every comfort and moderate terms.

Aparttimus, lic eurnicsbeb 3110t1a5.

DOUGLAS.—APARTMBNTS.Oommaoox HOUSE. Victoria- it., one minute walk from the boat ; home comforts,

AMSBY, ISLB OF MAN, Hawthornden, May 11tH, APARTMBNTS, near shore and glens. MRS. CORLETT.

11111LACKPOOL.—Apartments, close to Talbot-road Station, _LP sea, and new promeiaade.—Mß. Romasos, 27, Dickson- road.

IAAMSBY.—APAIITHIINTB , near piera and bathing . ground; baths, hot and oold.—ln. TUPPER, 35,W ater- loo-road.

BrtlGHTON.—Gordon HOMO. Canncer-placm. Home to home. Near West Pier and Amusements. Address Mrs. RHODES.

"Upi LACKPOOL.—Mrs. ransom 27, Bent-road, off Chapel- .l.l street; 4 minutes from Central Station and sea. Reason- able terms.

fIOUGLAS, elose to Derby Castle.overlooking see. bed, 25.; Tea, Bed and Breakfast 3s. 6d.—Mrs. Atrem, 3, Im- perial Terrace.

1 LANDUDNO.—Dira. STEAD, Briglefield, Qtieen'e-ro ad .LA Craig-y-Don. Pnblie and Private Rooms ; board if desired sea view.

LACKPOOL,—Mrs. CHADWICK, 8, Lensdalt-road off Lytham Road ; Public, Yrivate APARTMENTS: Dear sea; terms mod. HARROGATB.—Hibon Lodge. Park View ; select RES I - DHNCH for visitors, with or without board.—H ?MARS, Proprietress.

31 ORM:U.3IBH. APARTAIMITS for temperance people, clean and good, beautiful situation, sea view.—Mrs. TIIRTOIf. 17, rark-street, (Bare).

SCARBOROUGH.—Superfor APARTMENTS, close to sea, terms moderate, enclose stamp.—Address, MRS. TATE, 10, Elenheim-street, Scarborough

GOOD ACCOMMODATION for Picnics, pleasant =inky ; also superior Anartments.—Address MILS. BENTLEY, Comberbach, near North Rica. MORECAMI3B.—APART RENTS, public or private ; near see and tram; pleasantly situated.—lcrs. Litc, 9, Malvern-terrace, bandylends.

A COOUCHEMENT.—A comfortable Home, with every IX care and comfort,in house of a Certificated Nurse.-77, Queen's-road, Everton, Liverpool.

DLACKPOOL—CIean and comfortable APARTMENTS, at Slausfield Lodge, 50 Tyldesley-road ; home from home; terms moderate; public or private.

BLACKPOOL.- Misses Enowif, Haworth House, 23, Pleasaat-street, North Shore. Public or Private APARTMENTS. One minute from sea.

MORECAMBL—Cemfortable homely APARTMSNTS, near London and North-Western Station and lea; terms mode.ate.—Apply Mrs. BILLINGTON, 19. Townley-st.

RAMSEY.—Mrs, WATSON, Bloomsbury Home, BeHare- road. APARTMHNTS. beautifully situated, close to shoreand pier; bath, hot and cold water. Terms moderate.

BDLACEPOOL.—Mrs. rt. RAYNER, Alexandra Rouse, 98, Albert-road. tser r Certral Station and Sea. Publia and Private APARTMENTS, with or without board. Pianos.

rIOLWYN BAY.—APARTMBNTS, excellent, near station, IL/ woods, and new parade; good conking and attendance; terms moderate.—Box VISTA, Creenfteld-road, Colwyn Bay.

DOEGLAS.—Mrs. BASTHAM, Pemberton Hou3e, 5, Empress-drive, Castle Motia,sea views ; private sitting. rooms at moderate terms; tea, bed, and breakfast from 38, 6d., trams pass drive.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
jfiarbintrp, etc.

TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, 80.9- TON. PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND sLould tak. lAct tbeLoWssT RATES at rj OLIN W AUER AND CO.,

Gents Very heavy Gold Curb CITAIN Payments taken. stamped on every link £5 105. O.

GAY FRENCH PHOTOS, CABINETS, 3 for 73 ; list free. VARLET. Sutton, Isle of Man.

taking Amazon PARROT. 25s ;Rock PArrot,l2B 6,1; Tame "onkey 16a 6 I.—Enatoxna, Ferrier. Eton.

pDITCH, Creosote Oil, Brick Oil ; retail or in ship loads,— ii_ LORD, Ship Canal Tar Works, Weaste, Manchester.

VIV ANTED. to Purcha—Be Second-hand MILNER'S, CHUBBS', or CHATWOOD'S SAFES.- -Envier:Ds AND Co., 108, Whitechapel Liverpool:

FIELD GLASSES, achromatic. very powerful 188 6d and Es 6d each ; worth doubts, genuine offer, on approval.— Address TORES, Preesall, Poulton-le-Fylde. a

OLD FALSE TERTH.—We give highest possible va'ut :or above. Teeth held over unlit after accepted.—WeoL- raid, Liverpool-road, Eirkdale, Southport.

CHEAP RUBBER STAMPS. Business, name and address, also Stencil Plates and Branding Irons. Stamped enve- lope to MATT, 7, Finsborough-road, London, B.W.

SPARE Time Employment. Cyclists and others (either sex) required everywhere ; no risk, no OUtIay,—TARGET CYCLE DEPOT. 48, ltiasbury Circus, London.

IEIOItTIJIVE* from SIMPLE INVENTIONS. Idaod6l Makers' List of Inventions enquired for, post free 7 stamp.—sooßEß, 118. Needbant-road, Liverpool.

GLAZIERS' DlAMONDS.—lieliable tools at moderate prices. Diamonds re-set 2s. 6d. • write for list.—A SaAw. U, 'lnhere-street, Golly/ell-road, London, 2r

Rurrusu CURED.—Gentleman (cured Linaself), will send particulars of ioexpensive self-cure. stamped address Bea 280, ECONOMIC) ADVERTISING Co. Worcester.

NFANTS' NAINSOOK PINAFORES, trimmed with Embroidery and Lace; 63 to 3s 6d. Every style and quality of children's clothing.—Aennowsr,Tetbury, Glos. x

20s. to 33s a week can be earned on the "Original" FOS- TER PATENT KNITTER ; knits stockings, socks, &c,—Write JAMES FoSTER, Maker, Friargate, Preston.

rill3NTS.—Cest the Government over £6 tach.Made of Pure White Waterproof Linen, scarcely used. 401 t circumfer- ence, 10ft high, with poles. pegs, runners, lines, mallet, and hg, &a. Including the very latest improvements to stand all climates and weather; very adaptable for cricket, tennis, bathing, fishing, camping-out. lawns, boating parties, &c.; all complete and ready for use. Price 306. each, carriage paid ; these are all picked tents aud are as good as new ; special quotations for three or more ; can be sent en approval ; two supplied Buckingham Palace ; catalogues of marquees free ; also genuine testimonials for reference. ARMY GROUND RUBBER BHRE IS, 61t by 311. ; indispensable when camping out, 4s each ; can be used wi ft the tents.—A. POTTER, Tent Manufalturer, Melbourne W.,rks, Wolverhampto”. Maker to the Queen and Prince of Wales.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898.

&ales Lip prOatt Creep.

Splendid Single Stone Diamond Payment! taken. RING, likt,Gold Setting cost double £8 10. Cheap at S. OIL

*alto bp itinbate Ertatp.

C_IRAND African Jackal Karnes, 30 ekins, new, perfect, oplendid opportunity, bargain.— HERBERT GEEN, Okehampton.

I?IIETWORK, Carving, Designs, Materials, lists free ; .I.' catalogues, 2,800 illustrations 9d.—Himalt Zmuist AND Co., 19 and 21. Wilsoa-street, Fln3bury, London.

Cprles,

GREAT REDUCTIONS In CYCLER to CLEAR.—G-lINTS from E 6 lOs ; LADIES from R 7 ; pnournatic tyres. THE WILDAY CYCLE CO., The Butts, Coventry.

SADM BICYCLE for FOUR SHILLINGS a WEEK Send Stamp at once for Illustrated Catalogue aid full par- ticulars to the NOVELTY Co.,Coventry Cycle Works,Reading.x

RI B D FISH and CHIPS.—MaBB)TTS CHAMPION Ranges a: and Potatoe Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels tor outdoor 24 page llst free. 51, Lever-et. Manchester.

PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, (MINERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT j .I.2.4XAMINER' )PFIC' PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES,

CQueatton.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
El) be let.

TO LT.—GOOD VILLA, with Bath, etc.— PADGATE- LANE. Apply, T. HARDING.

-- rrO LET, Provison, Tobacco and Hop Ale SHOP, 81, Liver- pool-road.- Apply 1, Mewl's-street, Warrington.

TO LET. TWO GOOD HOUSEd. 28 and 30 C,therine-st. three bedrooms; Rent 4s. 6d. each. Apply Atirrox and Woos, solicitors,Horsemarket-st.,Warrington.

T- - O LET, COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE. rents 48. Apply ASHTON arid Woone, solicitors, Horsemarket-st., War- rington.

910 LET.—LARGE ROOM, Crford-otreet ; rent Rgo T Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solizitore, Horsemarket-et., Warrington. TO LET. SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, In Orford-at., rent £'3.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solieitore,-Horse- market-etreet, Warrington.

mo LET,—WAREHLUSE STABLR with rooms over. and large yard attached; rent £2s.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st.eet, Warrington. _ pREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrinu ton

SHOP and HOUSE, 24. Huttermarket street, Warrington; five bedrooms, sitting-room, kitchen, scullery, two cellars; rent £5O.—W. IsAitc. 26, Buttermarket Street, War- rington.

BOOKBINDING!

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS RULED,

PRINTED AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE,

TFE "EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS,

BRWSRY-STRIIRT, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18980812_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE promised publication Political Memolr3. Prince BISMARCK'S macuthr will stimulate expectation several countries. There i what surely may be regarded as an increasing apprehension that tile GERMAN EMPEROR lEWy foibid their publicstioll' as likely to contain matters injurious to the State' It is said that OE, real memoirs of Lord 13KA.c°1(5—

===== 0002601_18980812_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ib, ed

nun have never been published for a like reason. We do not hear anything of the kind respecting Mr. GLADSTONE'S Life and Letters. We are curi- ous to see whether the memoirs of Prince Brs- AuacK, who was the last of the great statesmen to die whose names we have mentioned, will be the first to appear. There must be a good deal in the memoirs of the three men to instruct,perhaPs to startle. The common idea when memoirs of this kind are promised is to say that now we shall get at the truth. But Modern memoirs have a distinct way of disappointing us. The revelations we expect do not come, the incidents described in fuller detail are not new, anA a total change of presentment , regarding some great political event is very rare. There are effective reasons for this change. We really know more of what is going on in national and international politics than our forefathers did. There is more intelligent discussion of events Whilst they are occurring. Diplomacy is more Open. The personal influence of any one person, Sovereign or statesman, is less than it used to be. The Press gets hold of more valuable information. Party discussion drawslout the more minute facts. The result is that there is very little else to reveal, except of a puiely person character. In Prince trsmAnx's case there must be a good deal that is Personal to some out respecting his relations with the late EMPEROR and his father, his quarrels with different German statesmen, and his separa- tion from the present EMPEROR. Probably in his papers and diaries may be found many things that will require judicious editing. Mr. • GLADSTONE'S memoirs can hardly have this Personal interest, though they must be interesting in many other ways—possibly painfully so. Lord BEACONSFIELD'S memoirs would perhaps have cleared up some of the doubtful points in the 'period between 1874 and 1880, and it may be that out of regard for living persons, Lord ItowroN has not finished or hss not published what he had pre- pared. In Mr. GLADSTONE'S case the materials must almost be as great as in Prince BISMARCK' case, but he was methodical in keeping them, and they are more likely to bewilder by their extent than by their disorder. When these three memoirs have been published a period of forty sears in foreign and domestic politics, full of iatricacies and fears, of personal jealousies and P°litical mishaps, will be made more intelligible arld possibly more logical. But it is as well not to expect any dramatic sensations, reflecting on the personal honour of the dead or the living. vve live too much in the open now for the memoir- writer to be able to present history to us in novel and sensational ways, slaying our idols, and white- washing the victims of popular disfavour.

The House of Lords has been emphasising its existence and asserting its authority. Last week, the Lords—or rather 40 of them—rejected the conscience clause in the Vaccination Bill by a majority of two over the supporters of the Govern- ment who voted in favour of the Bill. On Mon- day our hereditary and troublesome legislators re-inserted the clause by 55 votes to 45, and so Completed a little comedy which has both amused .and irritated a large section of the public. The interval between the two acts was filled up by the .reourings of" conscientious objectors," and the ilathful denunciations of the Government side of `'e pLower House. All this tumult has ow been allayed, the Bill has become 417 to all intents and purposes, and 'will now stand or fall upon its merits. But how absurd it is that not the whole of the Lords, only 10 per cent of them, should have the destinies of a well-intentioned Bill, and the weal and welfare of the nation, in their hands. It is galling enough to have to submit to the domina- tion of the Peers as a body, but when such an in- significant fragment of the whole allocates to it- self the hereditary prerogative and coolly defies the people's representatives, we can only hope sincerely that another nail has thereby been driven into the coffin of the Upper House. The measure in question aroused such an infinitesimal amount of interest in the Peers as a whole, that their verdict merited nothing else than the up- setting it has got.

A. sharp rebuff has been administered to the Manx Court of General Gaol Delivery by the hand of the Home Secretary, who on Monday pardoned John Dixon,the ex-constable sentenced to five years Penal servitude for the theft of a sheep. The harsh sentence aroused a lot of feeling both in Liverpool, Where Dixon formerly served as a policeman, and 211 the Isle of Man. So out of proportion were the rime and its punishment that nothing short of a revision and relaxation of the sentence were for .4 moment expected by the hundreds of people who set about organising a petition. Moreover there Zfaz an element of doubt as to Dixon's guilt which "e should in the first instance have had the benefit 121. The Home Secretary in releasing the unfortun- :‘e man has not only made reparation for the 7,llguish he must have endured, but at the same rile has taught tie Manx Court of Justice (?) a 'esson which they were badly in need of.

to 461

es° leo 2re o'o 120

We learned, with something approaching unto a shock,that the Corporation of Dublin, " unam- rcously,and amid applause," declined to lend any assistance to the proposal of tke Gladstone Me- morial Committee to erect a statue of the de- ceased statesrnan,similar to those destined for the capitals of this country and Scotland, in Dublin. This is the sense of gratitude which the Irish people feel for the years of unselfish labour and devotion spent in their behalf by Mr. Gladstone! They seem determined to hold aloof from every- thing English and sever the few remaining links `which have bound the two peoples to- gether. Conduct such as this ill accords With the reputed warm-heartedness of the Irish character—though perhaps we do the sons of Irin some injustice in judging them by the actions of their Dublin brethren. Not until a fitting monument to the memory of Mr. Parnell has been erected, will the citizens of the lush capital countenance a statue to the great man who slaved so unceasingly for Home Rule. We could icarcely imagine anything so narrow, little-minded, and ungracious as the decision of the Dublin Cor- Poration,and we rely upon the bulk of Irishmen to ase that such a stain is removed from the Na- tional escutcheon.

--- The elation of the Unionists at Mr. Doughty's 34ceess in Grimsby has been greatly dashed by the I,l.aws from Launceston, where Mr. Fletcher Mout- was triumphantly returned last week. All along the predictions have been in Mr. Moulton's favour, but this did not debar the Unionists from indulging in hopes, if not of victory, at least of a reduced majority. Instead of this, however, the Unionist poll has decreased, which is a matter for some surprise considering the great efforts to Secure every possible vote which Sir F. Mills' supporters put forth. Mr. Moulton came as a Stranger to the borough, and he is a member—a distinguished one certainly—of a profession from Which electors are reputed to dislike selecting their representatives, and yet he was equal to ob- taining a majority of 1088 over a popular local candidate like his opponent. The chief planks in Air. Moulton's election platform were temperance, and criticism of Lord Salisbury's foreign policy. Ile supported the one and attacked the other With equal determination, and the feebleness of the Unionist defence to his pointed thrusts at the Government told much in his favour. Mr. Moul- ton has gone near to creating a record Liberal poll, and his success is another unmistakable evid- , 46,a0s of the trend of public opinion to disgust with "ae Government and all its machinations. --- , The Lancashire County Council met last 'roars- uaYiand passed the resolution of the Technical In- struction Committee basing the proportion of

grants to local authorities on the latest returns as to population and rateable value. Last week we were a little bit in the fog as to the source of these "latest retur:as," but it now appears that for the purposes of the County Council's scheme, the Icounty auditor compiled a return on the basis of rateable value as fixed by the county rate basis of 1897 and estimated population at the present time. There was practically no opposition to this proposal for remedying to some extent the griev- ances of local authorities, who ought to be corres- pondingly grateful for the " graceful concession."

It will be noted with feelings of pleasure by almost everyone that the Council has at last raised itself to the level of other County autho- rites in the country by adopting a bye-law render- ing compulsory the lighting of vehicles during the hours of darkness. Such a bye-law and boon has been in operation in the neighbouring County of Cheshire long enough to be heartily appreciated, and Lancashire's backwardness has for a similar I period been a source of derision and complaint. The highways and bye-ways of the County Palatine will at last be free from a largo propor- tion of the dangers which assailed the individual whom stress of circumstances compelled to travel by night.

----- Some of the leading peace societies are alarmed at Mr. Goschen's speeih of July `22nd,and the sup- plementary naval programme then announced. i This alarm s combined with disapproval, and the hon sec. of the Increased Armaments Protest Committee wrote to the Prime Minister asking him to receive a memorial from the hands of a de- putation. What Lord Salisbury thought of this mild agitation we can only surmise, but his reply was in the form of one of those courteous rebuffs which no one knows better than the private secre- tary of a Cabinet Minister to formulate. It ac- knowledged receipt of the letter, expressed regret at the Prime Minister's inability to re- dtation, aid cfueiive h promised "care: deputation, a ideration of the memorial. With such, the Increased Armaments Protest Committee whoever sympathise se with them, nor athimay be, had to be satisfied. v share their alarm and disapproval, but we should Wewsn s like to ask how much alarm and disapproval would be expressed if Mr. Goschen failed to submit any naval programme or szheme for the country's de- fence. There are two ways of keeping peace, one is by maintang a position of unassailable strength and the other by laying down one's arms and truckling humbly to every would-be tyrant. Most sensible people would prefer that the former method should be adopted by the rulers of this country.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
.........100...w..• RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB.

--- SECOND ANNUL SPORTS AT IRWEWLANE. The second annual sports pro noted by the members of the Runcorn Foo:Thall Club, were held on Saturday last, at the Irwell-lane enclosure, when, despite the in- ces,ant down pour of rain, there was, a large and en- thusiastic attendance. The number paying for admis- sion fel! v?ry littli 9f-tort of that of last year ; which naturally goes to show that the interest ia the event is not diminishiwn when the fa..:t VIA oa the last occasion the climatic conditions were excepti molly favourable is taken into consideration. The proceedings wore graced with the presence of till club's prorident (Mr. Philip Speakman),and the attendance iocluded representatives of ssveral influential families of the town and neighbour- hood. The field had been well set out, and the best possible effort made by the committee to ensurs the Comfort of the spectators and se. mpetitors,and they de- serve a high compliment for their work in that direction. The principal officials were : Judges :—Messrs. S. T. Scott, chairman N.C.U. (Liverpool centre) • H. P. T. C. Haddock, T. C. Cooper, and J. E. Tudor ; Handi- capper and Official Timekeeper :—H. P. Ellis, official handicapper, Liverpool ; Starter, T. Crellin, Liverpool ; Hon Se o :—J, Ellison, Gladstone Terrace ; Hon. Treas ; —C. Pownall ; Assistant Sec A. Abel, EVENTS : " "

120 YARDS FLAT Raci-(.1—ocal), Seven mi!es radius from Runcorn Station : First prize, handsome cowhide travelling bag, value £3 35., presented by Mr. P. E. Speakman, J.P. (president) ; second,silver watch, value £1 Is., third prize. silver match box, value 108. Win- ners of heats: W E Hough. Runcorn, 3; H Kent.Run- corn, 2 ; A Abel, Runcorn, 21 ; H Pritchard, Halebank, enratch ; T Stringe^, Runcorn, 3,3/4 ; D Jones, Widnes, 5. Final : 1, A Abel ;2, D Jones ;3, T Stringer. This race was a surprise Abel whining easily in the last 15 yarrls,by about of a yard,the second and third finished close upon each other. HALE-MILE FLAT RACE HANDICAP (b 000 : First prize, 14 day. clock, cathedral gong, value £3 3s. ; second, silver lam dish, £1 ; third, album, 10s. For this race about 18 tools the field,and a, capital race resulted :-1, T Hughes, Widnes, 59 ; 2, W A Mercer, Halebank, 30 ; 3, T Ber ress, Widnes, 45. The race was accomplished in capital time considering the weather, and was won by abut 6 yards; 4 yards between second and third. 120 YARDS OPEN HANDICAP: Fie st prize, marble clock and bronze, value £lO 10s. : Secand.silver tea urn, ; third,Ket of carvers, tl.—Winners of heats Pitnlott, Altrincham, 9; J Blakeman Port Vale, A.C., ; S Welsby, Liverpool El. and AC. 12; R Speakman, Man- chester, 81 ; F Crompton, Blackpeol, 111 —Heal : 1, S Welsbv ; 2, R Spoakm m ; 3, J l'imlott. Race on on tape six inches te t ween, one, two, and three. MILE BICYCLE RACE (open) :—First, liquor combina- tion, value £4 4s. ; second, pair of field glasses, £2 ; third, inkstand. 21.—Winners of heats :—D Anderson, Sign, virtual scr itch; W Gilley, Northwich ; E Char- pock, Warrington ; tel Rohinson, Seteombe.—Final : 1, D Anderson ;2, S Robinson ;3, E Charnoek. This was won easily. Second and third by a length. BALE-MILE HANDICAP (open) first, silver tea kettle and stand, £5 55.; 2nd, brown leether dressing case, ne; 3rd, travelling bag, £1 Fifteen ran in this raee, with the following result :-1, A H Poole, Sefton H. 52; 2, j Beaker, Farnworth Fl, 56; 3;E Gordoe, Liverpool H and AC., 54. G ord race, won by a pace ; time given at 1 minute 59 seconds. ' 220 YARDS HANDICAP (open), first, silver tea set, £5 5a.; 2nd, six-bottled cruet £2; 3rd, silver jam dish, £l. Winners of heats C Bryan, Present, 16 ; A W Minshull, Crewe Tally Ho, 16 ; S Welshy, Liv-trpool H and A. 0., 16;F Crompton, Blackpool, 15; J Prince, Warrington,l6. Final : 1,8 Welsby ;2, C Bryan ; 3, J Prince. Won in beautiful style, yard trtween first three, others close DD. TWO-MILES BICYCLE (open), first dressing bag, £4 4s. ; 2nd, hot water jug, £2 ; 3rd, spirit flask, £l. Winners of heats: D. Anderson, Sligo 110 ; W Ray, Runcorn, 275 ; E Charnock, Warrington, 175 ; J. J. Charlesworth Runcorn, 250. Final :1, D. Anderson ;2, E. Charnock; 3, W. Ray, won with ease, D. Anderson holding it all i through. Charlesworth who showed good form n his heat, was twice thrown owing to his machine skidding, otherwise, there might have been a contest for third place. Quarernn-Mutn HANDICAP (open), first,case of cutlery, Zel 6a. ; 2nd, flower stand, £2 ; 3rd, pair of fish slicers, £l. Winners of heats :A. H. Pool Sefton 11, 30 ; G. Wright, Widnes, 35 ; G. Griffiths, Liverpool H and A.C, 32 ; J,Flosker,Widnes,3s; W.A. Hamilton, Runcorn, 35; vy, H. Worsh, Knutsford, 28; A. Abel, Liverpool II and AC, 27 H Kent, Runcorn, 30. This race proved the most exciting as Abel who got well to the front fell under the tape instead of cutting it. The winners were : 1, W, H. Worsh ; 2, G. Griffiths ;3, G. Wright. Won by 6 inches, some distance between 2 and 3. ONE-XOLn HANDICAP (open), first, clock and pair of figures, £5 Si.; 2nd, barometer, £2 ; 3rd, case of carvers £l.--Fifteen competitors turned out for this event, wad seldom has a better mile race been seen,in such weather. The result was : 1, J Hosker, Farnworth H, 118 :2, H Barker, Liverpool El and AC, 114; 3. H Lawton, Widnes 140. The first finished about 4 yards ahead, and 2 and 3 almost on head heat. At the conclusion of the sports, Miss Taylor, Rydal Mount. Runcorn' distribut n 1 the prizes to the successful competitors, and at the end of her pleasant duty, Mr. W. Carroll proposed a hearty vote of thanks to her. It needed no word of his to remind those present ' of the generous manner in which the Taylor family always responded when asked to assist at such functions as that, and he felt the vote would be accorded with the heartiness it merited. Mr. Frith seitab y responded on behalf of Miss Taylor. Throunh the knad permission of Cautain Gorge Ash- ton, the band of the Runcorn detachment .of the 21c1 E C Volunteer Battalion, play ni selections at intervals during the afternoon. The handsome priz's at the sperts were supplied by Mr. Thomas Carr, jeweller, Regent-street, and were greatly admired,

WARRINGTON SCHOOL TREAT

-- The Holy Trinity Day School (Infants) had their annual summer treat on Friday afternoon last week. This year it took the form of a drive to Lymm. A large number of the scholars, teachers, and a few friends, in all 287 were conveyed in eight open busses by Magin Brothers. Leaving Liverpool-road at 230 the party had a mist beautiful and pleasant drive to Lymm and back,arriving home about 5 p.m. when a very substantial tea was provided for all the scholars, many of whom had not ventured on the drive. Everything was carried through in ad- mirable fashion, and a most enjoyable afternoon ended by the distribution of buns and sweets to the children. Great credit is due to the able manage- ment of the Head Mistress (Miss Bee) and her ener- getic staff of teachers.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1898

RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL,

===== 0002601_18980812_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
RUN:JORN AND WLDNES.

THE COUNTY COURT.

There was no business of groat importance transacted before his honour Judge Wynne Foulke, at the Coanty Court held at Runcorn on Tuescity, and the Court rose after the hearing of the jud;rnent; case. S3tllo cases were adjourned to the October sitting o application. aj

===== 0002601_18980812_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITINE METHODIST TREAT, RUNCORN.

, The memoers of the Sunday schoos hold in connec- tion with the above cause at Greelway-raad, partook of their annual trip and tea party. The spot visitei was the delightful hills at Frodsharn,and a capital time spent in walks and gambles before the return was made. The superintendents and teachers attended to the wants of the scholars.

PARISH CHURCH BIBLE CLAS9, RUNCORN. Through the kindness of tr. John Littler,(the popular teacher of the Men's Bible Gass, ly.ld in connection with the Parish Church), the members of the class to the number of 21 spent a very pleasant afternoon at Llan dads°. A capitally served dinner wal slio provided.— A hearty vote of thanks was accorded Nlr. Littler, and three ebeers given upoa the return of the party which reached Ruacorn at about 10 30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COTTAGE HOSPITAL

0 ice azain w rAmind our readers that the Cattage Efoipital Parade will c-icas off on the 17ch (next Wednes- day) Auguat. The panda will commence at seven o'clock and continue until nine, after which will follow a concert, and prizas won in the parade, in connection with it will be distributed at 9.30. We commend the object.so please remenaber you will have an opportunity of contributing.

A BRAVE Your it AT RUNCORN. About noon, on Monday, a little girl was playing in the vicinity ot the canil war to the Delph Bridge, when suddenly she slipped and fell into the water. In<tintly an alarm was rais.d, and a younz man named Gavter who was passing spring let) the water and at consider- able risk rescued the drowning girl who was found to be in an exhausted conclitim.. The usual remedies were however applied with success and the young child was conveyed home the news of the child's narrow escape Se upset the m,ther that a medical practitioner had to be called in to attend her. PRETTY WEDDINII AT HALTON-ROAD WEBLIYAN CHAPEL.

On Wednelday afternoon quite a fashionable gathering seozregated at Halton-road Wesleyan Chapel, the occa sion being that of the marriage ot Mr. Henry Berkeley Spearing, Greenwav-road, to Mi9S Margaret Eozabeth Corns, youngest dauchter of Mr. Joan Corns, of Irevell-lane,Rancoro. Tne officiating minister WAS the Rev. J. R. Clifton,reaident minister. Ater the ceremony the party proc,eied to the house of the bride's father where the breakfast Was palaken of. A large number of uieful and valuable pr3sents were received by toth bride and bri legroom. ALLEGED YOUTHFUL SHOPBREAKEES AT WIDNES.

----- James Broadhurst, Thomas Carroll, and John Howard, youths, were chacged at Widnes Police Court on Monday with breaking and entering, some time between Thnrs- I thy night and Friday morning at, the lock-up shop at 44, Ann-stnet Wet, and Everting therefrom 41b of tobseco, six t'ns of salmon, three tins of lobster, 21b of bi,cuits, and two bottles of pickles, of the value of 20s. the property of Ann Mather. Pol C 3 con4able Davidson apprehended the prisoners, and in rep y to the charge Broadhurst said : Howard was in th- shop with me, Carroll was outside." Howard said, " Taal; is right." Carroll replie 1, " I was not keeping nix for them. I was 150 yards away."—Pii,oners were remanded. INSOLENT BROGERS AT RUNCORN. On Tuesday morning before Mr. F. J. Norman, a man and woman, named Alfred Bowyer and Harriet Jones, were brought up in custody chanted with begging in Greenwarroad on the previous dor—P.C. Wylie, who proved the case said he saw the prisoners who were working in concert soliciting alms, and that he had received numerous conm'aints abut the way in which the man inFulted th ese people who happened to rem", him aid, He was very insolent. 13ewyenwho had been 8 times summarily convicted of larceny at Chester, was committed for fourteen days, and toe woman was sent to prison for five days with herd lab mr with a view to separating them, they having been working in company for some time.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUNSWICK SUNMY SCROOL.TRE&T.

On Tuesday, in delightfut weather, the ata-ranal treat of the Brunswick Sunday School, to the Overton Hills took place, close upon 300 partaking in the out. Arriving at Frodsham at about quarter to two the children marched in procesaion to the top of the hills. After doing justice to a capital tea, both scholars and teachers enjoyed themselves with the usual round of innocent games including races and nut scrambles. The retura was made at eight, and Runcorn safely reached after a delightfully spent afternoon. The resident minister (the Rev. C. W. L. Chriatien), and Messy. Si:nister and Edward Taylor (the school superintenden-,s), accompanied the trip, and , along with the efficient staff of Sunday School teachers saw to the comforts of the little Ones in such an excellent manner that none were " left in the cold." RUNCORN FIRS BRIGIDE SUPERINTENDENT. The following extract from a recent issue of" Fire 'and Water" shows the high appreedatioa of Mr. Rohert Wright the popular superintendent of the Runcorn Fire " Brigade :—" Mr. Wright's servic sin the Runcorn Fire 'Brigade extend from the fire; organisatoa of the brigade. An extensive fire at the 011 Qaay Mill, at which Mr Wright was one of the most energetic help in, brought the brigade into existence. At the end f February 1853, a naanual engine was purchased, and the first appointment made was that of Captain VVright,who took command on March 3rd of that year, and has con- tinued to hold offioe until the present time. During this time the brigade, with its big heavy manna', has turned out to 122 fires in Runcor a and district. Oa one occa- sion Captain Wright came very near losing his life. This was during a fire at the Spanish Juice Works,Frodiham, in 1884. He and a fireman were standing on a high inner wall directing a jet on the fire, which a gable ead fell with a crash, missing the two man by inches only. Cap- tain Wright has, for the last 15 years, been assisted by his son, Mr. William Wright, appointed thputy-superin- tendent in 1883, after four years' services as a fir-min Cap'ain Wright attained his 60th year in December last, and aopeare as robust and active as a man of much younger age, and capable of many years of useful ser- vice. He receiv.d a training as engineer, hut following in his father's footsteps two years aftn comaleting his apprenticeship, took up the business of grocer and baker retiring from active business twenty-three years ago. His leisure time is divided between fire Brigade and Friendly Society (Oddfellows') work.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[By A CORRHSPONDENr]. As the football seaf.on is rapidly aoproaching naturally all clubs are making preparations to get into working order, and are endeavouring to secure as many and as good men as possible. And as We look round UF,We see that *me clubs have got fairly started and most ot the men have already donned the " war paint "and indulged in a little practice. This foresight will secure for them a few points at the commencement of the season, even if they have to go down later on.

On the old standing of loss of time amateurism— virtually professionalism—something like 4s. a match was allowed for hotel expenses to the players of the Runcorn fifteen. Now comes the question will the team sign for 4e. a match as "pros." or will it be four shillings a week and something extra ? Then again some will require that since it is a ques- tion of pay at all—they should be fittingly paid— paid according to popularity or skill, or even upon some other kind of " sliding scale." There is one way of dealing with the vexed gueation,and that is, pay them a good" nrew" all round, or run a pur 31y amateur team.

The sports held in connection with the Football Club, on Saturday, but for the steady downpour of ram would have been very interesting to look upo.n. As it was considerable disappointment was felt in more quarters than one, at some of the results. Of the local talent, A. Abel showed best form, and el- perienced very hard lines in one of his races. Young Ray (the cyclist) shows considerable promise, but he should use his head as well as his feet, and try and get a machine adjusted to the track upon an- other occasion. A too high gear only means more pushing up hill. Another young athlete of some promise is CL Bell who in the half mile local man- aged fairly well off 25 yards mark, finishing some- thing like fifth, which was a good performance for a first attempt.

D. Anderson the dark horse in the cycle races, never was pushed a single time or called upofl. to show what he really coald do in the way of riding. Charnock, the Warrington rider, was easily beaten, and from the way be rode it was evident he knew it.

At prrsent it is nothing to see a number of young men,boys, and old men—l arrange them in this or- der purposelv,according to the enthusiasm displayed —armed wiai fishing tackle, bait cans and landing nets,haunting all kinds of places where there is any likelihood of fish. Indeed,the fever is so high that in one quarter it is said that a young man with a new set of tackle tried the " Simple Simon" dodge of fishing in a bucket, in someone's back yard. Another came back the other day with a fishing tale almost as long as the fish he professedly caught although he modestly stated that it was not he who caught the shark that appeared in the Mersey.

TOBAC CONISTS Commencing.—See Illustrated Quid E 59 pages) free. Tobacconists' Outfitting C0..186, Huston-road London Hairdressers fitted.—Manager H MYERS.— Advt.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PROVISIONAL ORDER FOR ELECTRIC LIGHTING

APPIED FOR.

Oa Thursday morning a special meeting, C.! the Run- corn Urban Council W.AB held a-. the Town Hall, when Mr. Samuel Taylor (preaidel). There were also prer:lint : Messrs. D. Bisbrown, W. Collier, E. Gatley, J. Horsfield, J. Villson and Grine. with Mr. F. A. Lake (clerk to the Council). At the request of the Chairman, the Clerk road the following notice convening the special meeting, explain- ing at the same time that it was requisite tirat a month's clear notice shouli be given prior to the holding rf a meeting for the purpose.—" A special meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council will be held at the Town Hall on the 11th day of August 1898 at 10-30 o'clock in the forenoon for the purpose of considering and if thought fit of passing the following resolution : 'That application be made to the Board of Trade for a Provisional Order under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 to authorise the Urban District C3uncil to sup- ply electricity for public and private purposes as (4efined by the Electric Lighting Acts within the Urban District :of Runcorn." The notice was dated July Bth. Mr. Collier moved that the resolution be passed. Mr: Wilson in seconding said that in doing so it gave him great pleasure. There had been some remarks ma le by the ratepayers upon that very important movement. A great number of whom were looking forward with interest and hoped that the matter would be passed and come into operation. The movement had his support. Mr. Grice supported the resolution, which he con- sidered was a very wise courfe to take. From remarks that had come to his ears,he believed that there was an idea abroad that after obtaining the Provisional Order the Council would make it over to the Gas Company. He had a little interest in the Gas Company, so he took that opportunity of saying that all he did in the matter was from a motive of what was test for the town ; and he would willingly sacrifice his little interest for the general good of the ratepayers. (Hear,hear.) Further, he was sure that the Council nor anyone else con- nected with it ever expressed that idea at all. The Chairman could not tell how such an idea had got atrxrd ; and felt sorry that the people of the town had not more confidence in the Council than to say that of them. Mr. Collier : It is a kind of a "holy war "on the part of Mr. 'Lorry. . . . . _

_ Mr. Gatley contended that the Council had lost the opportunity of getting the Provis- ional Order for nothing, or next to it some time ago. but he was favourable to the scheme, and hig,hly approved of the course the Council had adopted. Be took it that now the cost of the order would devolve upon the ratepayers and possibly the cry "bread versus electricity " might be raised just as much as " bread versus baths " was done the other week. When the offer was made to obtain the order for nothing a dead set ek as made against it, but now that they were driven into a ccrirr they had to get it at the expense of the town. _

The Chairman explained that it was not so, and that the people that made the offer were preyared to renew it even than. The Council, however, considered it advis- able that the matter shoulu be taken up and rest in their own hands. It would leave them none the worse off, and they could get Wenty of outsiders to take it off them, or work it in conjunction with them. Mr. D.Biabrown thou.tht that the Council were taking a prudent course which would prevent a monopoly, and no company cmld go over their to-ads to secure it. They I would be eerving the belt int-trests of the ratepiyers by having the matter in their own hands. He was fully in sympathy with the movement. Mr. Collier p-inted out te Mr. Gatley, that by the cure the Coumil recommended they would be in a position to make a better bargain, and perhaps could make twice as much out of it as they could obtain offers to work out the provisional order and could l pick the "

__ • _ hest of them. Mr. Gatlpy, later, mrpressel hintlelf fm:ourahle to the passing of the rer o'ution ; but he hal been under th, impression that the cost would have been less in the

first instance. Mr. Wilson in further explanation rem trlted that the offer had been madetbythepeople who first moved in . the scheme of electric .t returs the Council's money if they would apply for an ord-ir. Mr. Grine said with regard t tas remark of Mr. Bis- brown's regarding monopolies, they might have been without gas for twenty years longer only for the gentle. man that moved in the matter years Ago, in the days of oil and candles, and started the gas works. Mr. Bisbrown said his remark containel no reflection, The resolution was put ar.d unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
ART EXHIBITION AT WIDNES.

On Monday aft ,rnoon, a very fine exhibition, pr moted by the Widnes Technical Instruction Committee and the Widnes Priotographio So9iet9, was opened in the Widnes Technical School, and will remain open until the 20th instant. It is the finest effort of the kind in the town, and is in every respect a pronounced success. A vast codection of works of art, curios. &0., has been got together,and these have been very skilfully arranged in fiva of the large rosms and the _principal corridor of the school, the hanging having been under the superintendence of Mr. B. Kaufmann, a well- known Liverpool artist, who was ably asii,te by the members of the committee, which consisted io-f the following gentlemen :—Mr. A. G. Cslvert (chainnan),the Mayor (Alderman Wareing), C mnrillors Shores, Gerrard, Messrs. F. Neil, C.C., J. G. Lee, D. J. Brookes. J. Morri:on, and S. Robinson, as r,present- lug the technical instruction committee, Messrs. V. C. Dr.ffield, G.J. Warner, A. J.Scoires, T. Cosier, F. G. Burns, j. pining,. and F. Newborn, representing the photographic S ocrsty, and Mr.S. Hoyle, secretary of the technical instruction committee. The seer( tidal du isq are in the competent hands of the town clerk Oppenheim, J.P ), and the deputy town clerk (Mr. T. Criik). The loan collection comp isos mane' well-known pictures. Two rooms are devoted to pict l'es for sale, and another is filled. by Brie sixc.nnena of werk by the Widnes Pnotographic Society, the St. Helens Photo- graphic Society,and the St. Helens Sketching Club,whose work is deserving of the highest praise. There are also fine collections of curios, &c., from South Kensington, Warrington Museum, and local exhibitors. The exhibition was formally opened by Mr. H. Wade Dearoo, J.P. C.A.. the prooeodings being under the pre- sidency of the m oyor. There was a large repr;sentative attendance. A cordial vote of thank r was passed to Mr. Deacon, on the motion of Messrs. A. E. Calvert and V. C. Driffield ; and to the mayor for presiding., on the motion of Councillor H. B. Shores,seconded by Mr. G. J. Warner. Subsequently afternoon tea was served, and in the evening there were musical re:.'t its.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
MA.CEIINERY Fill:ALl:a AT SI. HELENS.

Mr. Brighouse, coroner. held an inquiry at St. Helena on Saturday moroing into the death of Samuel Ball, aged twenty-five. who lived at 7, Hardy-street, St. Helens, and who while working as a glass loader at Messrs. PFlkingi on's on Wednesday was caught by the machinery and killed. Mr. Eraut, Government inspector of faetories and workshops, was present, and Mr. J. 0. swiit, solicitor, app-ared the interests of Messrs. pilkingtoa Bros.—John Naylor, a fireman at Messrs. Pileington Broehers' sheet glass works, said the deceased was employed at the works in Grove-street. On Wei- neiday afterneon, durieg the Ir avy rain, a snout on the leading warehouFe got choked,anl the deceased went on the roof to clean it. In going alone the spout he had to revolvinr, caught him and killed shaft weieh step over a e • e him. The shaft was revolving fifty or sixty revolutions a minute and was uncovered. It was about eighteen inches from the spuit.—The Coroner : Don't you Wilk it dangerous to send a man up to clean I this rpout when he had to step over a shaft going fifty revoluticns a ministe ?--Wit- ness : We had done it many times before. Continu- ing,he said the last time the spent was choked deceased was the man who unstopped it. Ball had done it four lor five times, as d witness fifteen or sixteen times.— Police-coostable Winnard and John Tipton gave evidence as to the finding of the body, and described deceased's I shocking Lijuries.—Mr. Eraut stated that when he ex- amined the place his first impression w a that it was not a place that required guarding,becluse he supposed that I when a man went on the roof to clean a spout out the ' engine would be stopped. It appeared from the evi- dence, however, that it was a regular thing to do this with the shaft revolving, and that pointed to the neces- sity of having a proper gan ;way over the shaft it that was the way to get there.—The jury returned a verdict of" Aceidental death," with an expression of opinion that greater precautions might have been taken,and that no man should he sent on the roof or anywhere near the shafting &less it was covered. They also expressed their deep sympathy with the parents.--Mr. Swift said the shafting would be immediately c )ver?cl. It was not to the knowledge of the firm that anybody kid occasion to go up there, and they were exceedingly sorry that this death Lai occurred.

Sr. JOHN'S CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL. The annual treat to the children attendinz the above school and the Mission school took place on .4aturday afternoon. The weather was not at all of a desirable character for an event of this kind, and the children had, consequently, to suffer. The scholars met at the church at I-30,and after a short service a procession wai formed headed by the Ear:- estown prize band. the Reformatory School band being also present. A tour of the principal streets was made, but when about half way on the journey rain began to descend, and the children had to be hurried forward to the grand stand at Newton Re Course, where shelter was obtained. It was intended that the outdoor enjoyment of the children should be in the paddock of the grand stand, but the rain prevented anything of the kind. Tea was served to the children in the grand stancl,and they had,after- wards, to amuse themselves as beet they could, the dispersal bPing much earlier than it would other- wise have been, had-the weather been flee.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

Artifilal indiarubber is now made both in France and Germany. The strike of Bolton plasterers has been settled after lasting some weeks, the men receiving an advance of hi per haur. Superintendent Burton, of the Leicester County Police, has committed suicide by taking strychnine. The New Fork World gives young Mr. Leitees total losscs over his wheat corner as £1,300,0)0. On Tuesday afternoon a fisherman, engaged in his'occuria- tion off Liverpool, caught a young shark about four feet long. A shocking discovery was made on Monday at the back of Claphim Junction station. A man was found ia a lavatory quite dead, with his throat cut. Two young Nottingham excursionists named John Norton and Ernest Bridgett were drowned while bathing at Mable- thorp., Lincolnshire, on Saturday. Detective Inspector R. Jaines Carter, of the Rochdale Borough Police Force, was on Monday appointed chief con- stable of Windsor.

A corporal or the 2nd Seaforth Highlanders was drowned at Dover on Tuesday morning while bathing. DJceased was subsequently identified as Corporal Garrow. In the Divorce Division, Henry Gibson Croft, a sea captain, obtained a decree nisi on the ground of his wife's misconduct with Edward Stead. _ _ . . _

Mary Ann Cason died on Tuesday from burns received In the fire at Sunderland on Monday night, this making the

second death.

Fire broke out early on Tuesday morning in a seamen's lodging-house in St. Paul's Square, Liverpool, and four foreign seamen were burned to death. A serious fire bmke out early on Sunday morning at the Dieppe Infirmany, in the wing reserved for the aged patiegts, who were about 150 in number. The hospital staff, however.

succeeded in rescuing them all. A steamer which has arrived at San Francisco from St. Michael's reports the situation there as extremely precarious. Thousands of men are stranded in the township, and the Yukon is getting too low for navigation. On Monday Thomas Waddington, Lowfield Road, Wack- burn, fell off the Great Orme's Dead to the Marine Drive, a distance of about 203 yards, Dr. Woodhouse was fetched, but life was extinct. . . .

Or. David Wallace, of Beckenham wag committed for trial • •

at Bromley. Kent, on ‘londay. charged with assaulting and su'sequently performing an illegal operation upon a young unmarried woman nanaPd Alice Warrilow. _

As the result of an inquest held at Llandudno on Saturday on the body of Laura Farrell. a waitress in the Pier Restaur- ant. who was drowned on Friday evening, a verdict was re- turned to the effect that she accidentally tell off the pier. Louisa Schellenberg, a Bradford dressmaker, sued Edwin Horgan, wool buyer and salesman, at the Lead Assizes on Saturday for breach of promise of marriage. The jury awarded her £572. the odd fizwres being for special damages. A fatal fire occurred on Monday night at a house in East Cross street. Sunderland. a chill named Thomas Coxou, two years of age, being burned to death. Ralph Coxon (six) and Mary Coxon. (four) were also severely injured. James Osborne was on Monday committed at Bow-street for trial on a charge of obtainin £250 by means of the " confid- ence trick" from Percy John IM'l.,tan of ;,the Indian Civil Service. It is reported that Major Pond has succeeded in persua ling " John Oliver Rabbi " (Mrs. Crai4ie) to visit America on a . .

lecinring tour, during which she will read from her own works. Mr. Albert Sutton, of Manchester, has in preparation Bibliotheea Lancastriensis : A Bibliographical List of Books Relating to the Topography and Genealogy of the County Palatine of Lancaster." A large Consignment of land tortoises has retch' I the Zoological Gardens. At no time has this interesting and, it is to be feared, rapidly distopetring group of animals been better represent,d in the society's collection. Information has been received that Her /Slajeey's ship Mohawk, serving On the Australian station, has quietly annexed the Santa Cruz and Duff group of islands, number ing 19 in all. It has been decided that men of the army reserve who on volunteering to rejoin the colours are found medically unfit for service are not to be discaarged, but to be retained In

the reserve. A destructive fire ecourred on Tuesday afternoon in a large shed at _Duke's Dock, in Liverpool, stored with cotton and hay, and owned by the Manchester Ship Canal Company. The sh-d was practically gutted. John King was on Tuesday sentenced by the Ashford magistrates to three months' hard labour, without the option Of a fine, for running down a cyclist with a horse and cart For a second assault King was sentenced to foarteen days' hard labour. The official:eight hours full-power natural draught trial of Her Majesty's new second-class cruiser Vindictive took place in the North Sal on Saturday. The results were most satisfactory. The Vindictivs has now successfully completed the whole of her official tests. Ethel Maude Elyatt, aged six rnontne, was accidentally poisoned by her father at Brighton, He got oust of bed half asleep to give the child her medicine. She was soon after- wards taken ill, and the mother discovered that the child had been given embrocation in mistake for the medicine. The convict Thomas Batty, who escaped from the penal establishment at Princetown, Dartmoor, on Saturday morn- ing, durin4 a deese fog, was recaptured in the afternoon, being found two miles from the scene of his eseape by a l civilian, to whom he surrsinderetl without resistencs. A Kiklysart teleg•arn says that Constable Holmes whilst bathing there had a desperate encounter with a sea moust sr of the octopus 'species. The creature's tentacles twined round his arm, but he succeeded in getting free with the assistance of Sergeant Laban after a terrible struggle. The Lords of the Admiralty arrived at Chatham on Mon- day to make their annual inspection. Among other items engaging their attention are the proposals to construct a new building slip and dry dock to accommodate larger Warships than any now afloat. According to" Kemp's Mercantile Gazette." the number of Failures in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending August 6th, was 92. The number in the corresponding week of last year was IL, showing an increase of 21, being a net increase in 1893, to date, of 137. isMany inventors have endeavoured to find a use for seaweed wnich snosald be profitable. It is now said that" a Norwegian engineer has devised a new Use for seaweed. He proposes to prepare paper, glue, dressing gum, and even soap from the weed " A Lloyd's telegram reports that the British barque Blue- bell, from Liverpool. arrived at Valparaiso on the 31st ult.. and reported the loss of five men, washed ove-board. Their n fines were James Wilwaine, second mate ;L Chamberlain, T. S. Kerr, D. Martain,able seamen; and S. Ross, ordinary Seaman. Sir William Richmond made two large drawings of Mr. Gladstone a few hours after he died. They are most exquisite pieces of work, one beint a profile, the oth-r a full face, done by candlelight in the watches of the night. Oae of them, at all events, it is believed, will be etched and pub- lished. Owing to a sudden attack of rhenmatism, which prevents , him from bending his knees, Mr. Justice Grantham did not sit in the Crown Court at Leeds Assizes on Tuesday, but took , the cases at the judge's lodgings. His lordship explained I that after finishing the Assize business on Saturday he had to go to London, and caught a cold through the wet and damp. A large fire occurred at Hamburg on Friday night, by whihs the provisional shed No. 46 on the Oswald Quay was dec- troyed, togother with considerahle quantities of various merchandise which were stored there. After having raged for five hours the fire was got under. The d amage is estimated at about a million marks. The Coroner of Douglas (Mr. Samuel Harris) held an in- pest on Monday on the bodies of Mr. Thomas 14 Nettle, Liverpool, and Mr. Edward Lyons Evans, Liverpool, which were found on Saturday lying among the seaweed near the scene of the disaster. The jury found a verdict o: acciden- tally drowned. Two bodiel remain unresovered "A. book is now being prepared for America," states the " Academy," "which, with every feeling of respect for the great Englishman who has just died, we cannot anticipate with pleasure. The work will be entitled. Poems on the late Mr. Gladstone.' and will contain the effusions of nearly 30 authors. Think of it—nearly 300 authors.' A severe shack of earthquake, lasting five seconds, occurred at Messina, Sicily at 233 am. on Saturday followed by three slighter shocks. No damage was done to property, but the inhabitants were panic-stricken—The Central Metreo- logical Bureau announces that the earthquake experienced at Messina was also felt at Riggio di Celebria, Milazzo, and mfaseo, but that no damage was caused at any of these places. The second trial of a domestic servant named Robson on a Charge of murdering her newly born child took place on Saturday at the Birmingham Assizes. In the first trial the jury had disagreed. Saturday's jury, found the woman guilty, but strongly recommended 'her 0 mercy. Mr. Justice Darling passed sentence of death, but said he had no doubt the recommendation to mercy would be most favourably considered. It is customary enough to hear our great nov list. George Eliot. spoken of ass "very plain woman." Miss Bethana Edwards, in her new boos of seminisOonCes. says :—"I f hers Was ugliness, would we had more of it in the world. When In speaking; her large, usually solemn features lighted up, a positive light would lash from them, a luminosity irradiate, not her own person only, but her surroundings." A 'cute Yankee finis, it is said, has "played up" to the needs of the moment by annexing Mr. Arnola-For ster's brief but vivid imaginary sketch of a fight at sea in a modern battleship. which Messrs. Cassell and Co. published under ugnivdeenr the title of "In a Conning Tower." The names of American sohuitp as shbsevien g, been By a s übss toitteudte dExfopretrth.toriginals, d • A curious industry has been unmasked at Crookston ,Maine (U.S.A.), where petrified human remains are made to order. Pheenie Fins, a negress of the place, serves as the model from which plaster casts are made for fraudulent museum exhibits, and she has earned a comfortable living In this way for many years. The average price of a petrified human body made of plaster of Faris and clay and ao skillfully treated as to appear to be genuine is £3O. Steps are being taken to mark for the information of posterity the birthplace of William Morris. An estate known as the Wlnns has been given to the District Council of Walthamstow for the purposes of a public park for the use of Walthamstow, and In that estate stands the fine old house in which the author of "The Earthly Paradise " first saw the light. A hope ha a beets expressed that the house may be preserved and permanently associated in some way with the name of William Morris. Shortly after ten o'clock on Friday night last week a man named Thomas Green, of Marsden-street. Mouton, was cross- ing Menton Bridge when he heard a splash in the Bridge- water Canal below and cries for he-p. tie went to the bank, tad with a boathook succeeded in pulling out Frances Maw- son, wife of Harry Thornes Mawson, cigar merchant, 135, Park-road, Mocton. She was carried home in an unconscious state and died within half an hour. A woman named Sarah Shayior, of Wednesbury, it is i.lleged, a few days ago attacked her husband and inflicted sasel injuries as to c Pripet him to keep to his bed. On Saturday night she took her little son, Horace, aged two years. Into ha father's room and out his throat with a table- knife, after which she cut her own throat, severing the jugular vein. The husband, who was a helpless spectator, could not leave his bed, but raisel alarm. The neighbours on rushing in, found both mother and son lying iu a pool of blood, quite dead. Some rather curious experiments with liquid air have been made by Dr, D'ArsOnval, and the results were reported to the Paris Society of Biology. He offered a guest some liquid air mixed with champagne, and the guest, without waiting for the wine to thaw, swallowed the glassful,which contained about 15cc. of liquid air. The Correspondent oi the " Lancet" says :—" After a few minutes his (the guest's) stomach was actually disturbed, but a sudden violent expulsion of food And gas relieved this condition. It liquid air be poured I upon hand .it ;assumes the spheroidal state and breaks up I into globules, which scatter in various directions. It has been proposed to employ it in diving operations, for the diver carrying a litre of liquid -air upon hia back Would have 1,000 litres of air to breathe.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
MANIFEST DESTINY,

(BY MR. H. WHITHAIL.) Quite a considerable amount of guessing seems to be afoot just now touching the future of AmeLica. The European Press is eagerly scanned and its opinions about the war, and the policy the Govern- ment at Washington may pursue form not a little of the American citizen's reading each day. The attitude taken by Germany is a fruitful subject for newspaper comment and takes a big share in the day's gossip. The Press generally, in its attitude towards England has thought it good policy to take a milder tone, although a few of the dailies give her a tpiteful dig new and again. Of course,England could not possibly have assum- ed her present friendly attitude without having some ulterior view, and what could that view be, but one of selfishness ? These trifling incidents we must allew to slide, knowing, as we do, that the exigences of an Ameri- can paper are of a peculiar and arbitrary character. The Irish form a large percentage of the cities' populations and have to be taken into account in the successful management of a daily paper. The priest neglects no opportunity of recounting the terrible deeds England has wrought in the past, and,if his seership is to be depended on, what she will do in the future. The political boss follows suit,indeed he has to,or be would soon cease to be boss. The Irish element must be pandered to

for political reasons, and out of all the panderers the priest is the most unscrupulous. He distorts all history, and makes no allowances. The American Catholic Priesthood is largely made up of Irishmen, and it seems rather apt during this war to call him a true Nine Ann, as thore can be no doubt that his symost lies are all on the side of Spain. From the above it may be seen that the present friendly feel- ing between the two countries is anything but acceptable to the Irish, they would much rather it had been a war with England, and then, how they would have delighted to prove themselves patriotic

Americans. San Francisoo is now a great military camp. Out on the sand hills the white tents of the soldiers are

pitched, and every day the citizens troop out in teousands to pet and bewilder the poor country lads. From the east, the north, and the south the regulars and the volunteers are poured into the city. The volunteers come as raw material chiefly, to be drilled and fitted to play a part in the wonderful game. of war. As they are pronounced ready for the held they are shipped away amid the deafening din of all the steam whistles the city and shipping can turn on. The departure of a troop ship is the signal for a general turnout of citizens, more especially of the sex supposed to be "gentle." The wearine of soldiers buttons and miniature i flags s seen all around. The soldiers buttons are cut, off, and made to do duty as hat pins for the Semething • that the American people call patriotism prompts theta to do a deal that one might well call arrant fd'olishness. On the car, or on the street but one subject is discussed and that is the war, but the manner of it is enough to dis- gust one. Boast! one long boast. " How our ships are amazing the world;""What splendid bravery our sailors are exhibiting." "The Germans, the French, the Russian., Ah ! even the Engleh will consider twice before they insult the stars and stripes. Dewey i.e equ d to Nelson, and as for Hobson, never was such courage seen. With a'l this childish boasting, which obtains among the multituds, there are a few, a very few, who are able to see things from a different pint of view and are not lost to all reason. Of course we have to acknowledge at once that America was un- prepared for war. That she hal no large army, or navy to speak of. Before hostilities were declared there seemed to be a feeling among the responsible heads of the government that more was to be gained by delay than by haste. Shins were to buy. Ammunition was to be found sornewhere,and a thou- sand details teed to be attended to by the Ameriean Government that would be already cut and dried by most European governments. But the reason- able man asks, what about the Venezuelean affair of a little over a year ago. Suppose Cleveland had gone ahead with his insulting message, what would have been the consequence Humanity shudders to think what tragedies the Atlantic Coast would have seen. I read a little while ago of the ',almost wonderful preparednes of the British Government during that exciting time. How the telegraph placed the Government in direct communication with every responsible official in the Britidi Empire, That every ship, and every regiment would have known, almost within the hour, whet its du,ies were. One asks, after the last month's experience,where would America have been? I, for one, would be pleased if thii boastful spirit could die out, but, I am afraid it is vain to expect it. It is taught in the schools, and brought , from the school trathe home. The flag fleets from the schoel, and " 0 d Glory," is the fetish that the girls eqiecially worship, "My country tis' of thee," is on every child's tongue, and so this spurious patriotism is nourished. I have no par iculer objection to patriotism, but I EITII very much afraid it is apt to cause a sort of colour blindness in tie patriot. While the patriot is shouting himself hoarse the contractor is supply- the rotten food to tles army, and clothing to the soldier that rivals in colour the famous coat of Joseph And new we come to the question of " manifest destiny.' I scarcely know what the full meaning of this may be to the general public. To i me it implies an Almighty controlling pewer,and f I be right in this I must confess my inability to see it. If the Almighty is directing the American ship , of State I must perforce think He is going about It 'in a strange way. Especially most I think se if He intends America to incorporate the Philipine Is`ands, and the United States Govern- ment to govern tho.e islands with the product of , the America polit'cal institutions. America stands ' before the world to 'lay as the worst governed country imaginable. This may not apply so much to the Federal Government, but it certainly does apply to State and City Government, During the whole time of my residence in this city there has not been an honest bit of public work done. Not a contract can be let for either a city hall, hall of justice,building or conducting a school. eupplys ing a hospital with food,or medicine, or, last of the list, erecting a depot at the city front, without the most outrageous robbery being committed by those having the matter in i hand. I set down none of this n malice. I merely ask,—ls it reasonable to expect the Ameri- cans to govern the Philipines, when they cannot govern themselves? For some time they have been trying to govern Alaska but according to all ac emits the government there is as rotten as it well can be. Possibly if they had a few colonies to govern, the work woula stand out more promin- ently to th i world,a nd would invite such criticism as would compel better work. Greater New York has been given mere opportunity for organized corruption and incompetence,and Greater America will, I am afraid, but enlarge the sphere of the pol- itician who always asks the question before ern- , barking or any enterprise.—ls there anything in it?, If it is the destiny of America to become a colonizing nation, then,indeed, a great change must not only be worked within herself, but it will work out a wonderful change in European politics. America deems herself quite secure from any European interference. All the European nations - have quite enough to do to watch one another. She points with derision to the utter failure of the European concert and the manifest inability of the' whole of Europe to heal the "sick man," or to keep him in order. And while she is able to point to the want of concerted action in Europe she thinks the Monroe Doctrine will stand as good after she has taken possession of the Philipines as it did .before. She may find herself mistaken, for, although it may be indifferent to England as to what course she may i take in these matters, the rest of Europe s hardly likely to look on with indifference. One can scarcely watch the game 'without some little feeling. I have no sympathy with war. I can only wonder how anyone 'can read, say Zola's " Downfall" orTo.stas " Seleestapool" without being tilled with disgust at the whole thing. Still the horrid business goes on. I find from my paper this morning that the British Parliament cheered to the echo. Mr. Geschen's de- mand tor £8,000,000 to build cruisers and destroyers. Wherever will it end ? I think the American system of raising war revenue just brings out one of its evils in a splendid manner. All over the rail- road sheds are' directions telling shippers where to to buy war revenue stamps. Every article sent by boat or rail must be paid for on ft stamped receipt. The poor man's beer and becca, must even do a share in the good work. In fact-taxes have come to the front in so forceable a manner that at birth, marriage, and death all feel it. In addition to all this taxing as the volunteers arrive in the city from the states the citizens hold themselves bound to make provisien for them and supply their wants. Each Sunday since the sol- diers began to arrive in the city 1 have provided, food for two of them, What a grand thing it is to be patriotic.

abbe,

ITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD.

bIANCEIRSTER.

Close to Station, Jut through Railway Arch. THE RENOWNED GENERAL YURNISHERS.

PITTS S CELEBRATED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i, 22k, 28i, 34 55 up to LOW guineas STAND UN RIVALLED. They combine the MAXIMUM of taste' comfort and durability at minimum cost. Every economical person should certainly see them More deciding. Full particulars, press opinions, and Testimonials en applies tion. Cast) prices only quoted. Deferred payment by ar• rangement.

PIM'S PERFECTED DEFERRED PAYMENT SCHEME is a BOON and BLESSING to people of limited means, enabling homes to be made bright and comfortable by small periodical instalments that never would be otherwise. NO hard and fast rules. Everything, done te meet the wishes and convenience of Customers, who practically fix their own terms, Pitts's holding the risk themselves until the transac- tion is completed, and not disposing of it to a third party, as many "hard up" firms are compelled to do.

PITTS'S SAMPLE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 15i guineas, well worth £ds. LIVING ROOM contains strong Sofa or Couch, in American Leather. Set of Chairs, Serviceable Dresser, Rocking and Arm Chairs, Square or Fall- leaf Tab'e, Fender, Fireirons, Ftoorcloth and Rug, Wringer, Dolly, and Tub, Three Pans and Kettle. BEDII,6OM has Pair of Nicely-polished or Enamelled Toilets, both fully enclosed with Drawers. Large Swing Glass attached, Tile Back, &c,,Two Cane-seated Chairs,Towel Rail, Toilet Set,-Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress, Wool Overlay, Bolster, and 2 Pillows. Carpet or Floorcloth. STAIRS' and LANDING fitted with Carpet. Floorcloth, Stair Hooks and Eyes, Brass Door Plate, Coco and Door Mats, Everything Full-sized and Substantial. Invariably gives satisfaction. Inspection earnestly invited.

Pu G rs's BITTIN Room COMPLETE for 9 Guineas worth En. Contains Reliable Couch, two Comfortable Easy Chairs, Set of Small Chairs in Mahogany and Hair or Leather. Handsome and Convenient Sideboard,with Bevelled Plates, Table, Wear-well Carpet, Fender, Fire 'Lasses and Pair of Ornaments anti Coal Vase. Really marvellous bargains. DiTTS'S BEDROOM COMPLETE for 8 Guineas, worth double ; contains Spacious Wardrobe, Pair of Artistic Toilet Tables, Chest of Drawers, Pec'estal Cupboard, Towel Rail, Three Chairs, Toilet Glass, Brass-atounted Bedstead, Mattresses, Wool Bed Bolster, two Pillows, Carpet, Fender, and Toilet Ware. Exceptional value, bound to please.

PITTS'S BEDSTEAD DISPLAY in Show Windows, 250 feet long, undoubtedly eclipses all others. Previous to the Bedstead Manufacturers' Association's recent 10 per cent advance, Pitta's placed oontrsot3 for nearly £1,003 Bed- steads, consequently Pitts's customers are now getting the benefit of his bold stroke. Early inspection advisable.

ITTS'S CYCLES, made by several of the oldest and largest firms in existence, have, by their STEELING MERITS, gained the unanimous approval of the Cycling Public. Excellently nesigned, scientifically constructed, and of exceptionally attractive appearance, they are the quint-es- sence of everything most desirable in an up-to-date,tnoroughly reliable machine. PITTS'S CYCLES are splendidly dis- played in shop-windows 250 feet long, and offered at con- siderably less than expensive City firms demand for machines not half so good. Inspection will prove this, Cash prices only quoted; but Easy Payments arranged.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGA'fE.

FLOWER SERVICE AT CHRIST CTI7RCEL —Oa Sunday afternoon the annual flower servicri was held in Christ Church. The sevice Will of a special caaractsr, and hymns suitable to the oce.asi.in as ore sung. During the singing of the hymn commencing "0 gather the flowers together" the coildren cf the Sunday Shot marched in processional order to the altar rail, mhere they made their offering of fruit and flowers, wnich were received by the Rev. J. J. Langhans and Mr. T. H. Granger,who placed them on and around the altar. CHAPEL ANNIVERSARY.—Ths anniversary in connec- tion witn the ‘Vesleyan Chapel was bald on Sunday, when the Rev. William Brooks, of Macclesfield, and formerly minister in the Warrington cirauit, preached. In the afternoon the Rev. George darbotte conducted a flower service. During the singing of the first hymn the children from the Sunday school marched round the chapel and delivered their flowers t the lady teachers, who arranged them in a frame constructed for the pur- pose, and which had been placed near the pulpit. Mr. Harbottle delivered an appropriate addresa. A large congregation was present. There was special singing during the day, and at th 3 evening service the choir sang an anthem commencing " Seek ye the Lord," the solo part being effectively taken by Miss Mary Bennett (Pcar Tree House).

===== 0002601_18980812_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAi AT EARLESTOWN.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.]

In the course of his sermon the other Sunday, the Rev. Mr. Carson at Wargrave Church to some extent admitted that the Anti-Ritualists had some just ground for complaint, and that the actions of the Protestant League. and Church Associations are not without cause. Of course one would not expect a minister to say outright that such and such evils did exist in the Church to which be belonged, but when he vaguely hints at troubles in the Church it is easy to gather that the alleged Ritualistic prac- tice have some foundation in fact, and that minis- ters who hold,views of a less pronounced type than their brethren who hold to the Cross and candles and other symbolic paraphernalia, are becoming seriously alarmed.

There is a parable mei.tioned in the Holy Scrip- tures about the ten virgins and the oil for their lamps. Some people might think this was a peculiar subject to descant upon in this column, but lam not going to deal with anything so delicate. I only wanted to call attention to the picnic whicti a number of the local Wesleyans had last week to Danham'J'ark, and I prefaced this note with the parable in question, because to my mind, it was particularly applicable to this particular pic-nic.

So far so good! I don't want it to be thought for a moment that the picnic only comprised ton virgins. Nothing of the sort, but it happens that when they set out on the homeward journey, they forgot the oil, and the consequence was,when come distance on the way, they had to stop to set things right, owing to one of the axles getting hot under the wagonette. They again set off, but it appears they filled the cup with oil before cooling the heated axle, and thus the oil became all dried lip, and the last state of that wagonette was worse than the first. Now had these trippers remembered the ten virgins and their oil, they would have pursued their journey probably without mishap, end cer- tainly with a great deal more comfort.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ST, HELENS.

THEFT FROM ASP. HELENS CHEMICAL WORKS.

At St. Helens Police Court on Monday, two young men named John M'Cormick of 21 Water-streEt, St. Helens, and Matta Salmon, of 71, Union-street. were charged with stealing 12'br of lead fr.nn the Gerard's Bridge chemical works. Paioners blealcd Exiity and as both of them had been convicted of theft, were now seat t) gaol for three months. NEGLECT OF CHILDREN AT OT. HELENS. ' Thomas Roberts, of Atlas c;11-r, St. rlelens guilty at the Police court on Mondiy, to neglecting his live children. Mr. FL L. Thley prorecured on bekaif of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, and InTector Thompson of that society, gave evidence that pri3ouer was a notoriously drunken man, and had left his wife and family Vireo times. The family wero fouud in a very deetitute condition, living in a aiagle room, in which the only furniture waq a tab'e, a broken chair and a bed-stead, bu: no bd. The bench committed the man to gaol for two montha.—James Larße, a labourer, of 10 Jthasm-Areet, Se. Helens, was also charged .with nezlect'ag hg family. The b mtlei , committed hma to gaol for three months.

THE SOUTHPO tr BYE-ELECTION. PREPARA.TIONS BEGUN.

A Southport -correspondent t 4egraphs that the leading work,rs among the Conservatve., Unionists, and Libera's commenced actve cp3rations on Thunday morning in the Southport division in view of the pending bye-election, consequent upon Mr. Curzon's appointment In the Viceroy of India. It is not yet known who will be the Conservative can- didate. The name of Lord Skelmetsiale, eldest sm of Lard Latham, Mr. Forwoad, junior, and Mr. T. Scarlo- - nephew of Sir Herbert Naylor-Leyland, Bart., !ire mentioned, but the decision will rest with a meetnaz which is to b 3 held on Friday night. Sir Hubert Naylor-Leyland will issue hls a idress as the Liberal candidate on Friday. The Litter sls are some- what confident of winning the seat.

THE TERRIBLE FIRE AT LIVERPOOL. INQUEST AND VERDICT. The City Coroner (Mr. T. E. Sampson) held an inquiry on Thursday afternoon into the circumstance's attending the death of Louis Joseph Gonglin,Bernard Delas,D,sits Desimpel, and Silvia di Magni°, who were suffocated in the fire at the bcarding-hougs, 12, S. PauFs-square, on Tuesday morning last. The three first-named men were French, and Di Illascio was an Italian. The evidence of the foreign witnesses was interpreted th the court by Detective-sergeant Osborne. The evidence failed to dis- ckse With certainty the origin ot the fire, ;honk as the men were stnOking in their bedroom against the rules of the house, little doubt remained on the paint. The jury found that the decessed mien had died trom shock and; suffocation, but how the fire originated there was no: sufficient evidence to show. They agreed with thq coroner as to the merit:x.rms c-Aaciact 3; the Fire Bri- gado.

1

I

4 I' :' ; .1. , P

=

I

t L t

4 , I L '

I

!,1,4

===== 0002601_18980812_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SYMBOL OF STRENGTH.

Britannia is the symbol of strength at home and abroad, and whether upon the ocean wave or in the serried ranks of her brave sons in Egypt, India,or China the fame of our country is always identified with power of will and strength of nerve—the highest state of cour- age that makes heroes. Science is the handmaid that helps te maintain this standard of supremacy, and the great gifts of nature are concentrated for the use of men in Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, a tonic to keep every faculty at its brightest and its best. Mighty is the power of the spade and those who wield it are the pioneers of our greatness. The fearless miner burrowing in the earth and the strong navvy removing mountains are the very sinews of the nation. These men must always keep their strength at full stretch. Lsbmr of the severest is their let and full health is necessary in accomplishing their daily tasks, and if they are attacked with Indiges- tion, Liver Disorders, or Pains in the Back, they know they can find rebel by taking Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. The hard working toilers. generally, of the United Kingdom, should remember the old saying, "Prevention is better than cure," and that Just aS it is nece,sary to call in a medical man, when brain and body are overtaxed, so is it desirable to do all that is possible to keep the system thormghly up to the ma!k, for every rush of aompetition and extra labour. Yon have a regular doctor, have you a regular preservative of health to save you from the doctor and the doctor's bills? If not, try Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Great Tooic Pre- ventative against Serious Illness. The distressiug wcrries of a family household lead to the greatest suffer- ing—the nervous system being specially strained in the turmoil, and Neuralgia, Nervousnses, and Debility, with their attendant miseries are the most frequent torments that women in particular have to endure. Low spirits and Depression often render housewives quite unfit for their onerous duties and to prevent this condition Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is strongly recom- mended. Don't delay if you feel out of scrts, but get Gwilym Evans' Quirdoe Bitters,a purely vegetable tonic, which contains the strengthening qualities of Sarsa- parilla, Saffron, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, and Dandelion, as well as Quiniee. The exact remedy you want frr Palpitation, Sleeplessness, Bilieusness, or Rheu- matism. It not only gives you freedom from pain hut strength, and zest for your work, that makes it a pleasure. This perfection of medicinal preparations is advocated as a first aid towards quickening commercial instincts for the counting-house or the market-place, it is a Tonic that i 5 sure to be wanted. Thia world- renowned remedy is sold in Bottles at 2s. 91. and 4s. 6d. each. Beware ef Imitations. See that you get "Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bittora " with the name " Gwilym Evans' on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. This is important. Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufactnring Com- pany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MA.OISTRATES,

HEAVY SENTENCE FOR NEGLECT OF FAMILY.-1 LAZY

HUSBAND-.

At the Warrington Folic-8-6,-11-A on Friday before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Roberts, Councillor Smethurst, and Mr. James Elepherd,Thonias Mitchell of 3, Walsh's-yard, Latchford; was charged with neglect of his four children on the 3rd August and during the pee six monthe.—lnspector McAteer, N.S.P.C.C., said the defendant PM a labourer at the Dallam Forge. He wui the father of five children though the alleged neglect was only against four of them. In consequeace of a report he went to Walsh's-yard, Latchford, on the day in ques- tion, and saw the children, which were insufficiently clothed. There WAR neither food nor fire in the house. The night about 10-15 he went with P.C. Bradley and the house was in the same londition. The wife of the defendant had come Co his office repeatedly during the last few months complaining that her husband would not work.—Alderman Roberts: If the neglect is through the children not having sufficient food we shall want farther evidence to rinpport your statement. Are you going to give us this evidence ? Inspector McAteer: It is not necesserv.—Alderman Roberts : I think it is.— Inspector McAteer : Well, I shall do so.—Mrs. Mitchell, wife of the defendant, said they had five children rang- ing between the ages of 13 years and two years. Her husband did not attend to his work regularly. He got a job at Dallarn on Tuesday and worked 01 Tuesday and Wednesday. Whea she called him on Thursday he would not answer her. She had pledged two shirts to buy him a pair t,f clogs in which to go to work.—Questioned by the Mayor she said he sometimes gave her 125., and sometimes 169., just as he worked.—By Mr; Roberts : She did Foote washing, and if it was not for working hersel', she and her children would have to go into the Union. Tile chil dren did not gat as much for.d as she would like them to get.—The defendant asked the bench to look over the case and he would do better.—The Clerk: He has been here for neglect of his ch ldren twice before.—Toe Mayor : We feel we must deal with this case as it deserves. It appears you have been here before. We could send you off for six months, but we shall commit you for three months. ALLEGED NEGLECT OF CHILDREN. _

_ At the Warrington Police Court on Friday before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Roberts, Councillor Smethurst and Mr. James Hepherd,George Harrison and Mary Ellen Fiarrison,husband and wife,of 12 Wakefield- street.were summoned for neglecting their three children William (6 years). Caroline (3 years), and John (10 months) on the 23rd July. The defendants pleaded not guilty.—lnspector McAteer who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., said on Saturday night the 23rd of last month he went to the defendants' home in company with P.C. Smith, and a man named Fletcher. They feund the home elosed up and in complete darkness. They visited che house afterwards. In the back kitchen there were three chairs and the remains of on old sofa. Upstairs there were the remains of a few bed irons. Mrs. Harrison said the bed was across at Mrs. Davidson's at 13,Wakefield-st. On Saturday night,the 30th July,when they again visited the house, the children were in a filthy condition and appeared not to have been washed for some time. Mrs. Harrison said the food was at Mrs. Davidsons. Ono of the beds in the house was the remains of the sail of a ship. At the time he called, the woman was suffering from two black eyes. He thiught it only fair to the male defendant to say that from inquiries he had made, he was informed he was a hard working man.—ln answer to Mr. Roberts, the male defendant said be gave his wife £1 a week.—George Harrison then left the defen- dantS box on being reques'el.—P.C. Smith said on the night of the 23rd July be heard some chil- dren screaming. Ware is lived in the same street, on proceeding to the house of the defendan he found the defendant's children locked in the house without lights and nearly frantic. fle went for the Inspector. They a/so visited the house on the 30th. By the InPp.c tor On the night they went to the house the womay was under the influence of drink, and her conduct was very offensive.—Mrs. Harrison said the child had bem left in the house while she went an errand. There was a little fire in the grate.—The Mayor : That is how children get burnt to death,—After consideration the Mayor said they wished to give her a chance and th e would adjourn the case for a month to see if therew as 117 improvement.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. Parray.—Before the Mayor (In the their). Alderman Robe ts Councillor Smethurst and Mr. James Replier& CHUMMY TO A HORSE.—JAOIO3 Clay, 11, Temple-place, Chapel street, Salford, was charged with cruelty to a horse on the 19th July.—lnspeetor Lucking.% who prosecuted ow behalf of the R.S.P.D.A., said he was on the fair ground and saw defendant with a brown horse in a light cart. He was beating the animal most unmercifully wito a whip stock. Some man spoke to him and he stopped for a while, and. about fifteen minutes afterwards witness f ,und the animal covered with wheals. Witness afterwards saw the master who told him that he had told his m -in not to beat the horse, and he was glad they had stopped hirn.—lnspeetor Grentrex corroborated, and added that when he examined the horse some of the wheals were a faot in I.ngth. The whip had only a bit of string attached to It.—The bonch fined defendant 103 and costs, or 14 days hard labour. WORKING. AN ITierrr Howne.—John Birchby.7s John-street. Bolton, was summoned for working a horse whilst in an unfit state on the 19th July.—lnspecter Greatrex said on the day In question he woe en duty on the fair ground at about 5 o'clock and noticed the defendant in charge of a brown mare. The animal was soft -ring from an injury to the near fore knee. Witness spoke to him and told him the animal was not into work. Defendant said he had not bought it to work. He only gave £8 for it. He advised him to take it away. About 7 o'clock the horse was still on the fair ground. The ininry had been caused by some kick or fall. In his opinion the animal had been bought for butcher's meat.— Inspector Taylor corroborated. The horse, he said, was walk- ing on three legs and holding the other foot rm. It was in a shocking state of larnsness.—lnspector backings also cor• rolsorated.—The defendant was fined 203 and coste, or in defanit one month.

ABSENT WITHOUT LEAVE.—Thomas O'Day, of the 3rd Lancashire Fusiliers, Preston, pleaded frailty to being absent without leave from his regiment. Evidence was given that the defendant bad given himself up, and he was remanded to await an escort. ALLEGED DESEHTION.—Iames Graham was summoned by wife Ma Graham. for desertion —The defendant said N. Ca been adjourned to see if they could COMe to a settlement, but his wife wonld not keep an appointment sse hadrY m.o. with Mr. Forshaw with that view.—Mary Graham said olrjan o defendantnati i had never given her a halfpenny from the btla Cross-examined by the defendant, she admitted she had been summoned on that day for being drunk and disorderly and using bad language. She had not taken a then.a O

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

Cnre sallow

beiiwem

ilesaias

gi—ck - : and cure them so as to 5t,49 "wed. Cbenakts. La. lit,-

the teeth and Vaud them as nothing else will. Bound and Pearl", white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. &gag tar 59a002.1T. 24.

pail of hot water to throw at him.—Gmharn said he would not live wins his wife again. There were a lot of debts to pay, as the money he gave her she spent in drink. On Mon- day the 6th June be worked al day and his master Mr. Chambers came to him and asked him what was thematter. He told him that he had only had one meal that daY.—The Mayor : lam sorry you cannot agree. apt we thinls Mrs. Graham you are not doing your duty 98 you ought to do. Under the circumstances the bench dismiss the case. DAM 41NG 01a9.—Wil1iirn Lewis, 43 Lairs-street ; John Kelly. 77 Forshaw-street ; Joseph Newton, 37 141.1ra-street ; and James Hall, 64 Forshaw-street, all young boys, were summoned by limes Robinson,of Orford Avenue, for dam ig- ing his oats to the value of lOs on the 29th Jhls.—The de- fendants aleaded guilty with the exception of Kelly. —James Robinson sold hi went with P C. Carter to the field on the day in ouestlo,.'ilhere were about twenty lads irl tke field and they ran them out. The officer caught two, and he caught tha ether two. P.O. Carter corroborate I.—Kelly said he was standing in the lane outside the field at the time.—Th magistrates fined each of them the costs of the summons and ordered them to pay 2s 63 each to the damige.—Samuel Wrigts , 124 ilvelvn-street, and David Lloyd. 140 Rvelyn- :street, were summoned by Mr. Thomas Lowe for doing damage to his oats on the 2nd August to t he amount of 10s.— Defendants pleaded guilty.—Mr. Lowe, Sankey Hall Farm, nroved the ease and P.C. Woods corroborste I.—The boys I were each fined the costs ant 2s 63 towards the damage, or be detained until 6 o'clock that day. MONDLY b .fore Mr. F. Monks (in the chair), Alderman lackhurst, Councillors Smethurst and Shaw Green, and

Messrs. Michell and Wright. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—Mary Bllison.Dial-court mad Bridget O'Brien, Vernon's-yard, were swear:weed for making use of obscene language in Dial-street on the 25th July. P.S. Beans proved the case Defendants were fined Sc. and costs each.— Blizebeth I.vthgoe. Dallam-lane, was summoned for a similar offence in Dallana-lane on the let August. A fine of 2s. was imposed. PINES FOE Fwerous Derveoro.—James Green, 14 Leicester- street, and Daniel James Gregson„ 'bus driver, 19, Priars'- gate, were summoned for furiously driving three horses at tached to a 'bus in Horsemarket-street on the let inst. De- fendants pleaded not guilty.—P.S. Holliagavorth said that at twenty minutes past seven on the evening of Bank Holi- day he was at the end of Lyme-street, and SAW the Borough Band march down Horsemarket-street. Just as the members of the hand were wheeling into Town-hill the defendants, who were in charge of the Latchford 'bus drawn by three horses, came up. Gregson was on the driving seat. and Green was riding a chain horse at the front. They were en their right side, but inttead of pulling up theY went straight into the band, and scattered the players right and left. Some Ilttle children, who were following the hand, narrowly escaped being run over. Witness questioned. Green, an the said he coeld not pull up with such a load of passengers in the 'bos. Gregson said he applied the brake, and railed to Green several times. Corroborative evidenee having been given, the Chairra en said that foot otssengers had more right to the road than drivers of vehicles.—P.S. Hollingsworth said the pollee regarded Gregson ea one of the most careful drivers in the town.—Gregaeu said he c insidered the band were to blame because they wheeled right in front of the horses.—The Chairman said they had a prior right to the road.—Coun- cillor Shaw-Green : Was It possible for the defendants to pull up before the band wheeled —P. S. Hollingsworth said it Imo—The case against Gregson was dismissed and Green was fined 108.—Thomas Clark, carter, filtretton, was sum- moned for furiously driving two heroes attached to a lorry in Bridge-street on the 29th ult.—P.B. Smith said he saw defendant driving down Bridge-street at a rate of nine miles an hour. There was not much vehicular traffics at the time, but a lot of people were about.—Befendant was fined be. Mlxon oasE9.—Samuel Tynan. 44. Bost ck-street. was fined 55. for having been drunk and disorderly In Bewoey- road, on the 71h inst., and M. Whalley, 124, Bewsev-roa I, was fined 2s. 6d fee a similar offerue en the 24th of July Mary Graham 3. Boardman's-yard. end Ellen Worthington. 26, Haydock-stre4, were bound over to keep the peace for corn 'rutting a Oreneh at the peace by fighting in Haydeek-st. on July 26th.—la the case of John Thomas Highatu, private in the Sceith Lane .shire Regiment stationed at Oder 1 Barracks, who was :summoned for a similar offence. Inspector , Spinks said defendant fell In wide two very b.d Characters, land as he had been punished by his superior officer he (the Inspector) would now ask for the case to be withdrawn. IDefendant was discharged.—Annie Roberts 10. White-st., was fined Is for allowing her dog to be at large unrauzzled and without is collar on July 22nd. Werneesnay.—Before Mr. John Geddes (In the chair), and Br. Thomas Birchen. A SOLDIER IN TROUBLE.—Vincent Bernard May, private from the barracks, was cearg 4 with being drunk and dis- orderly in Wirawiek strew oil e,,eeoey night, and also with ' breaking the shoe wiarlew of William Camp, oyster dealer, Winwick-street.—Defendant pleaded guilty to both charges. —Sergeant Hollingworth said at ten minutes past. eleven he saw the defendant who WAS drunk and very disorderly. Witness advised him to go home. He afterwards received a complaint from Mr. Camp that defendaut had broken his window.—Williarn Camp said on the night in question about tea minutes past e'even the defendant put his hand through the window. Witness asked him what he had done it for and he said. "give me in charge.' He advised him to go to the barracks, but defendant. s aid •• no, give me in charge. I have broken the window.”—Defeadant said he was drunk at the time and did not know what he was doing. -Ir. Birchen : It is time you stopped getting drunk then.—The magistre tee fined him 10s. and costa and ordered him to pay the damage (5. 61.) or 14 days' hard labour In elefatf.t.

-.... ift , Smil PM BEAUTIFUL TEETH lift. !vibe. Dow. w ell who we &nil . the tooth ' zt:iti;ti sm.arrt,..• Nash . few rope a il t I Forty in a ,\I iv • , Mvial.. , . 1 dentitri In SOZ9DONI t `"- , 5 j _ Pair*yege- world. -- table. the pheasanle eleanseal TOrPid Liv r, Bile, ' Coi e nnlexion. and

===== 0002601_18980812_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSION.

MONDAY. —Before lessri. James liandlsy (presiding), J. Ockleston, ant F. J. Norman. _ _ _ _

THE THEATRE.—Mr. William Chadwick, submitted the names of Messrs. W T Crosby and F. G. Coward as his sure- ties in the matter of the application et the renewal of the I Theatre Royal license, which was granted upon the usual terms.—The police raised no objections. LICENSING,— k temperary atiihoritY was granted to Mr. Henry Ruddick to sell at the Weaver Arms, Weston.—The superintiadant of police expresso a himself satisfied with the credentials of the applicant who had held a license previ- ously. CHILD NEGLECT AT WESTON.—In the case against the man Hairs, and his wife, of Company's-row, Weston, which it wll be remembered, was adjonrned for a month, to see , how the defendant would behave whilst his wife was under- going inaptisonment, the Chairman said a letter had been received from Inspector McAteer asking that the Case be withdrawn.—The application vies granted. ASSAULT ON THE POLICE AT THE FOOTIALL SPORTS,— Peter Trainer, a respectable young man, hailing from Widnes was brougnt up In custody, chareed with using obscene language. and also with assaulting Podise Constable "Iregory, on the 6th lost, whilst in the execution of his duty.— Prisoner pleaded guilty to the first charge, and in answer to the second, admitted hittin.t Gregory.but stated that he was Ignorant of the fact that he was a police officer until after- wards.—P.C. Gregory stated that he was On chats., in plain clothes in the Runcorn Football field on the occasion of the sports on Saturday last. The defendant was creating a noise by shouting, and he went and asked him to desist. He then made use of bad language, and. he (the officer) threatened to I remove him from th field. When doing sob. told him hi was a police officer. Prisoner struck him with with his fiat ' —Superintendent Okell said he had no de ire to press the case, in consideration of which the Bench dismissed the prisoner on payment of 2s. 6.1. fine, and us. 6d. costs. SCHOOL CASES—George Morrison, of Nalton, summoßad at the instance of Mr. Samuel Tomlinson, school attendance officer for Halton, was fined 5s including costs in respect ef the non-attendance of his child at school.

DRUNK AND DISORDELY.—SamudI Reed. Mi I Brow, pleaded guilty to the above offence committed in Runcorn,on the 3lat ult.—P.C. Fry proved the ea3e, and the defendant was fined ss. inclusive of costs. _

HALF ASLEEP AND II•LF AWAX -.—Darby Grady, vster. Northwich, was summoned for being in charge of a horse and cart without proper means of controlling the same he being asleep at the time. The offence was committed at Stock- holm on the 21st silt. P.O. Juett proved the case.—Defend- ant for his defence said that he was abaut " half asleep an half awake." He pleaded leniency as he Was a vary poor men with a family of four and only got Us a week. The pre- vious day he had a very long journey to High Legh and he was very tired, having been on the road from 5 o'clock in the morning until 9at night.—The Chairman said the bench Would only Impose a fine Of 6.1, but he would also have to pay the costs fis 6d. He suggested that defendant's employer might pay it for hint under the circumstances. COSTLY NEGLECT —David Jones. 122, Greville road, Liver- pool was summoned for driving a vehicle in Runcorn on the night of August 2nd without a light.—The defendant who did not colour was represented by a memb sr of the firm of Messrs. Roberts Bros.. Liverpool by whom he was employed as a vanman. The offence was admitted, and or the defence It was stated that the lamps had been left behind by an over- sight. The defendant was leading the horse at the tune,and no offence was premeditated.—P.O. Fry formally proved the case —A line of 8d and 8s 6d costs was inflicted. A WARNING To HONS.—Francis Igo and John cal anah. aged 10 and 8 respectively, both of Runcorn. were summoned by Mr. Henry Ackley. of Percival Farm, for trespass and damage conamitted to his corn field on the 28th of July.—Mr. Ackley at the outset said he had no desire to press the case, be simoly wanted an example made of the boys as he PISS pestered with them. He estimated the extent of the darn. age done at 2s.—Both boys admitted the offence and said that there were other lads there as well.—The Chairman said that the boys would be released on the payment of costs (63), it they also promised not to offend again, and to warn all the other little boys they knew. The lads promised to do Co. AN IMPUDENT THErr.—James Millington. of Sutton Weaver, who made his 20th appearance before the court, was brought up in custody, charged on remand, with the theft of rth,evproperty t of 1M ri.RA...2(it heoonyiz e Bradley, Moorefield. r Bridge- street, agied- satrmeenct,inlit°unthcOn he was sssistant at the shop of Mr. Bradley. He identified , theonacintosh (produced) as one that was hanging outside the shop on Friday last. It was one of twn that were hang- ing there and was valued at El Is. He saw the prisoner come up and take the macintosh, and he also saw Sergeant Gill come along and arrest the prisoner. It would be about quarter to seven when the coat was taken.—Police-sergeant Gill testified to the prisoner eorum t gto the police station and requesting to be "locked up." Be sent him away and he immediately went over tø Mr. Bradley's and took the macintosh. Ha thereupon arrested him.—ln answer to the , Bench, the first witners said that the prisoner did not appear to be ia drink, and he (witness) thought th,t the theft was a deliberate one.—The prisoner, who elected to be summarily dealt with, admitted the offence, but remarked that he never did anything wrong anywhere only at Runcorn.— A magis- trate : Then take my advice and keep !MAO. - The prisoner was committed for three months with hard labour.

--- To MoTHERs.—Mre. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over fifty years by millions of mothers for their chil- dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste : it pro- duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes" as bright as a button." Of all obeznists 11.10. per bottle.-4clot.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980812_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

TN view of the approaching Football Season, it may be in- teresting to state that the world-famed manufacturers. GEORGE HUSSEY 14 Co., of London, are preparing a stoc of Balls, which for quality, uniformity and durability, will be unique. These balls will be distinguished by the appear- ance thereon of their well known trade mark *Grafre. Ask the local Sports Dealer ter their Catalogue. If not pro !urable apply to 36 & 33, Queen Victoria-street London. Factories— Peckham, London ; and lilmsvre I, Suffslk.

WARRINGTON • LONCISIONT.—This engagement at Long- eight on Saturday had to be abandoned in coosequenee of rain after about an hour's play. Se we and bawling analysis:—

WARRINGTON. _ B Connor o Parker b OwEn 2 B Sileocz xot out Thewlis b Parker l5 3 Callon not out 8 Bat rag 5

Total (far two wkts) 34 BOWL I N 0 ANLLTSI O. 0. M. R. W. Owen. lO 6 11 1 Parker Walker 1 1 0 9 Tester Owen bowled three ao-loalls. ARPLRY 2ND V. PI.DCUTE 2ND. —Playa lat Arpley on Sat- urday. Score :- .4.RPLEY 2ND . PIDGATI Zan. Bibby b Smith 3 Bate b Jewkes Sykes b Turner Houghton b Smith 1 Tamer b Nevron ...... ... 6 Plinston b Monks Jewkes b Turner 0 Monks b Newton 0 Newton run out Roberts b Turner 0 Dowering c Mather b Gilling b Monks 0 Jewkes 1 Pidduek b Monks 0 Carpenter o Mather b Mather b Monks Parry ant out Vernon b Newt m 0 Gibbons b Newton .... Extras 5 Bxtras 1

Total 34 Total 26 FAIRFIELD V. FAIRFIELD Yics.—Played on Saturday. Score :

FAIRFIELD. FAIRFIF.LD VIOL Fielding b Woodhead 0 Welsby a Haigh b Field- Nield b Woodhead Barnard a .fc b Woodhead... 0 Whittaker c Whittle b Hudson b Woorlhead Steele tun out Haigh rue out Brandreth b Welsby Horton b We15by....... ........ 2 Massey not out 3 Whittiii run out Harborne b Woodhead ...... 0 W Rutter, A Rutter, Ratcliffe not out did not bat. Extras 4 Extras 7

Total 39

Total

HARLXSTOWX V NEwToN.—Thls annual return fixture which should have been played on Saturday afternoon on the Harlestown ground had to be abandoned in consequence of the very inclement state of the weather. In this respect Karlestown have this season been mos,: unfortunate, and In consequence th 3 ex3hequer has had to suffer. Much interest had been centred in the match, and it was expected the game would be Closely e,Onteltei.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON G A.AIES AND

ATHLETICS.

C I C LI S T S USE PILLAR BRAND.

Lubricating—a—ad Burning Oils and Dye. le Enamel, Enamellette,and Branswiek Black. From all Dealers.

AGE ''' McLECAN AND CO., 13, SEEL-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLINO.

The Cycling Grand Pri-id—ei;;l:is has been won by that magnificent sprinter Bourrillon. The opening stazei. of this great annual race were very exeiting. English hopes of gaining the coveted priz3 were dashed to the ground when F. W. Chinn WAS beaten by a moderetely good Belgian rider, and Farlby was disqualified fir im- peding another competitor. The brilliant Merin, who woo last year, was defeated in his heat, and when Boar- rillon, Meyers. and Broke, were left N contest tie lest heat, Bourrilloo was looked upon as a certain winner.

Sir M. W. Ridley hu under cons'deratlon a scheme for the regis'aation of cyclists, but in all probability the propoeals of the G'rverorneat will n )t iiclude the impoei tin of a tax. Registiation, though irksone to slow ! extent' will be welcomed as a metes of identification • dlrtroctly preferable to the present custom of cbtaining cy c rite in cells while their names and addresses are being verified. A small number-plate would rot be o'-ej .ctionatile, but anything approaching a hackney-cab pi Ate---.3r, indeed, a conspicions decoration of any sort— would meet with widespread opposition, especially in a House of Commons where members have not been ashamed to attend to public business in cycling costume.

At VV)low Grove, Philadelphia, on Saturday, Elkes, an American, defeated Linton in a twenty-five miles paced bicycle race by- five hundred yards, in 42 min. 42 svzs. Urea continued to ride far an hour, for which he estab- lished s ne record of 34 mile 1,223 yanii. TAy!or eitabliabol a n !,:c mile pser,l re lord of 1 rnia. 32 2-5 sec.

At the monthly meeting of tus Flowden (Yorkshire) Rural District Delimit on itur lay, Mr. William Hutch- inson, chairman, presiding, application was made on behalf of the cyclists in the Howden district by Mr. G. Shaw (ilowden) for permission to make through the main street of that towa a cycle track. It was pointed out that, on account of th 3 large boulders in the street, cycgets found it very inconvenient in riding over them, and thq had requested him to make that application in order the.; a until track might he made on the side of the nsd, they (the cyclists) Ovine; an uudertaking pay the cost of laying and maiotaining it. After some dight dircnslion, ihe Council unanimously agreed to the proposed innovation.

J. W. Stocks has Wert doing a bit of riding on the road lately; has applied for a professional license; this bas been refined; Stocks will immediately appeal. The Catford Gold Vass race takes place in another thrie wesks. Stocks has only to win the race once r:ore to make it his own preperty. What's in ths wind ? Ev!- dently the old champion has something or other up his s'esve.

Miss Hume,who ig one of the party of bloomer-attired damsels at present riding around London advertising a eertain make of chainlesi cycle,was had up last week for "furious riding "in Battersea Park. It transpire I that she rode round the park in sevan minutes, payjog a cheerful disregard to the cautions she received from the keeper, alerward ii ling round in a shorter space of traT. Miss Hume, in defence, said" she had no ids* •he was going so fast,lche machine being geared to 133." The usual penalty wag imposed.

It is said that if the Princess of Wales adopted the rational dross, it would become at once grea.ral and popular. The word n if" may be little, but it is very important.

Intelligence has been reuived that Mr. It L.Jefferson, F.R G.S., who is riding to Khiva, on a b cycle.has safely reac%el Orenburg, in extremeE ,st Russia. Since lsav- ing England Mr. Jefferson has covered no less a distance than 4,181 miles in a littie over three tnontlas, having passed through France, Belgium, Germany, Bavaria, Auet!ia, HunearY, Galicia, Poland,Little Ruesia, Whit) Rusila,Great Russia,and East Russia. His ride his been mot interesting throighout, but from Orenburg. which stands on the very edge of the steppes of the Khirghiz hordes and over the Kara-Kuin desert, his way does nst nromise to be so easy. He has to travel a distance of 500 to 600 miles. He will have to ba accompanied by camels, carrying his water, food, and tats, OR ths whole journey there are only a few wells,contairoong bad and undrinkable water. Mr. Jefferson has secured the vahlabie assistance of their Excellencies the General Givernor of Orenburg and the General Governor of the Khirghiz hordesoo that he will hava military protectuin In those parts where danger is to be anticipated. lie hopes to reach Khiva some time in August.

At the Crystal Palace track on Tuesday, A. A. Chase succeedel in beating his bwn record of 2min 2 3-5300 fm- an unpacei flying mils by two-fifths of a second. Ens times, as taken by Mr. Pembrlke Coleman, were— Quarter-mile.2B 4.ssec;half-mile 58 3-5 sec;threequarter- lnain 30 1-5 sec ; and mile, 2 min 2 1 siec.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHNU

SLEEPING OUT—On Monday. before Mr. A. Thomas, a man responding to the name of Thomas Flo Hand, of no fixed abode, ;vas brymaht no custody charged with Bleeping out, and with -having no visible men; or subsis- tence.—The case was proved by F.C. Bebbington, and the man was hoed 5; including costs, or in default seven days. PENKETEL

MERSEY Gotv Cum—The final competition for a priz. prase nr(d by Captain Michael fluebee, was played A t Penketh on Saturday, the Rev.H.R.Wild beating Mr. J. Bernard by five up and four to play.

An altogether curious item for sale, as the result of book ' mutilation, was offered byauetion a few days ago in Louden, It consisted of a collection of early title pages, printer's marks, devices, and ornamental head and tail pieces, all of whieh, under conditions which can only be conjectured, hive at different times been deleted from valuable literary and artistic) works. It is doubtful whether sueh a unique collec- tion will ever be submitted for sale at auction again bnt, in spite of this fact, the amount realised for the collection was only 10 ;min ea..

CYCLISTS USE PILLAR. BRAND.

Lnbricating and Burning Oiia and Cycle Enamel, Enarnellette,and Brunswick Black. From all Dealers. GENTS: IicLEAN AND CO., 25; SHBL-NTEBBT. LITXRPOOL.

=MMIEM

===== 0002601_18980812_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1111111111111111

===== 0002601_18980812_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER; F P II) AY, AUGUST 12, 189 g.

TRAGIC DTiIATEI OF A BARBER AT WARRINGTON. THE ACCUSiITIDTSCHARGED.

On Mmeday at the Warriogmn 9rough Police Court a case in whiele a great deal of Mb rest centred , as beard. The magistrates on tee bench were Mr. F. Menke (chair- man, Alderman Blackhuret, Ciuncillors Shsw Green and Smet .urst, Messrs. T. Birchall and 8. Wright, and the p;i.on ir Wa3 Walter McLeod Joheistone, a clank, re- siding with he parents at 23, Froghall-lanes. He was charged on seepieion with caudeg the death of Williarn Owen (36) a b.roer, who r 'sided with kis mother at 25, Winwick road. Mr. Jenkins, solicitor, represented the prisoner. The Clerk asked the defendant if he pleaded guilty. , Mr. Jenkins (to Johnstone) : You say nothing. lam defending you. Chief Inspect ;r Spinke : Is the abeerme of the Chief Constal-le I will state the facts of the cue, and after you have heari what I hive to say, aad called a witness to prove the arrest, I veil leek your worsh, ps to remani this young man until Thursday morning at ton o'cloek, for tile reason : the Coroner has been caminuoizated with and a p st-mertens ordered, and it will tette until Than- day in in log to complete the case. The f,c'es of the case are shortly these : The defendant is ch tree, d en sus- picien with causing the death of William Owen, ley s'riking him on tae twee and knocking him down in Winwick-street at 11 20 on Friday night, the s:h inst. On Farley the prisoner was in Li verpo el, and returned to Warrington at about tea r'cl, ck, in company wide some friends. They a ijourned tea public-hnu-e or (we, and ha I s )rne refre-htneet and at elevee o'cl ,ek tkey left aed•walked up Win wick-etreet to the jenetion of Tanners'-In-, near to the house known ae "The Liver- pool Provision &vie," no the opposite side to the new Co-operetive Stores. The Tonne man before you and two youne men nam-d &Dior:ley and Buckley were talk:ng at the end of Tanner -'-lane for some minute, at a quarter-past or 20 neinutee part seven, when the deceased cams Irma the dive ion of the Central Station. He was not sotto.. tie went up in a muddled or: of manner peculiar to him to 'as ,lefendaut. Semettriug was said that did not please lese, and be called 'ha young maw befo:e you a bar. rhe d. f -indent resented it, and asked him to apologize. Owen refused to do to, and witnesses will tel you— altheueh some of them are not cei te clear as to the eE- act words that were used— hat after some conversation Mr. Johnson asked him to apo'neize. He reused and Wei as were struele by the defendant, who tonic his coat off and challenod him to fight. The deceased wart con- sider ably lees then the di Linden, and he add, " I don't want co fight." and turned in the direction of his home. The prisoner f ellowed him, and tapped him several times with his open hand on the face, after taking his coat off. Owen still kept going on towards his home, and when near to the Lord Rodney publir-house be stopped an thr 3W his hat on the fry tpatla, and put his hints up in a fighting attitude towards the prisoner,but ne blows were stroca by him. It came to the cdmax by , prisoner striking the deceased a vireleet blow in the tneuth, which caused him to fall with his head on a tiled footpath. Be lay there a minute or eo ire a dazed condition. A young man named Houghton, a man name I Dagroall, and a young man named Higharn went to him and assisted him up, and carried him into the , doorway if the Co-operative Stores out of the heavy rain which was then falling. I may say that at this time the prisoner, in a kind sort of manner, went for- ward and said, " What is the matter with you ?" Be struck a match and looked at his, I told him he was an ambulance man, and it was only a small wound. Be advised him to put a little ttickine , plaster on, ard he would be all right in the morning,The It °an men, whose names I have already stated took lam as fir as the end of Buckley-street, which is near to his own home, and lilt him there. The deem ed got eme at 20 minutes to twelve. His mether adnittil him, and he went to bad as visual. He welt to bed almost every niaht drunk. She did not think much of the matter, and the decocted cad that two men had "laid on him" and knocked one if his teeth cut. H. wae bleeding from the mouth. His mother thought he would be al right in the morning. However, at 5-30 the next morning ;she heard him go downsteire, for, as she neigh.: a drink. Shortly afterwards she art up herself and went downstairs, and fouod the deceased lying un- cenec oua on the rug near where the fire should have b?en. Sae tried to &cadre him, but failed. She thee sent for his 13;ol her, who, was at week at onset the for el, and he came, and they tried to administer acme braedy; hut he oeulti not take anything. The brother went to leis work and returned at ten o't I eck,and seeing , that the dec.ased had not regained conseiousnees be- c tme el,r.ned. Dr. Nuttell was sent for,and he arrived between one and two o'clock,and advised the immediate removal of the man to the lufirmery. He was taken there and everything was done for him that could be done by Drs. Langdale and Nu'tall. After being cone. rnueicated vita by Dr. Lenedile, the police made cer- tain inquiries,which resulted in the prisoner being taken intoleuwody at a quarter-paet one on Sued .et morning at his father's house. Be was detained at the Police Station but rot locked up. The drceesed never regained cors.iousness, and died at a quarter-past ten ors Suaday morning. The Chairman : I understood you to say the mother said the deceased went home every night drunk.

, Inspector Spinks : 'that id the reason she did not attach much importance to his state. He was a man who did not eat much food. He lived more on drink; yet be was a harmless man, and did not interfere with anyone otherwise. I have communicated with the Coroner,and he has ordered a post-mortem examination to be made. P.C. Dnlahay said he arrested the defendant on Sun- day at 115 a.m. He told him his business, that a man nativ d William Owen was lying at the Infirmary uncon- scions through injuries alleged to have been caused by bin (defeviant) at about 11.30 on Friday night. John- stone made a voluntary statement, which was taken down at the Police Station. He said :—" Yes, I had a little disturbance with a man in Winwick-street about that time. The man came up to me and two others when we were talking in Winwick-et. near th 3 end of Tanners'-lane. The man said something—l just forget wh tt it was. I told him togs away, I did not want to have anything to do with him. He went a short distance away and must have overheard a conversation. He returned and said to me You are a liar.' I asked him what ha meant by calling me a liar, and asked him to apologise. We then had some ' high' words which ended in blows being exchanged. Then I struck him in the face, an ihe fell on the footpath. He got up aud walked to the doorway of the Co-operative Stores. I paw tut his head was bleeding. I told him 'lt le not much, ca borne and put 801118 sticking plaster on it." I wanted to assist him home, but he would not 5. Shortly afterwards I went home. The man was under the influence of drink and I was not sober." He subse- quently charred the defendant on suspicion with causing the that'a of Owen, and he replied, " I have nothing to say at present, only what I have a'ready told you. ' The Clerk : Have you any objection to a remand P Mr. Jenkins : No, not having regard to tie circum- stances, which. I arn sure, you will see are of such a characterthat there was not any designed attack on tha man, and to the young man him.ielf, who bolds a res- pectable position in the town, cooking at the character of his father, I ask you to admit him to bail. There is not the slightest risk of his going away. Inspector Spinks said the mlice had no objection to bail.

Mr. inking : Will ru accept his father, wha is a highly respectable man ? The Chairman : Yes, DPfeadant who was visibly affected, was then ad- mitted to bail.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INQUEST.

Mr. Brig,houss held an inquiry at the Infirmary on Toesday reltiye to the death of the deceased. Mr. Jeffrey was foreman of the jury. The Chief Constable (Mr. Luke TAlbot) npresenced the police, and he was assisted by Chief Inspector Spinks. Mr. Jenkins,solictor, represented Walter McCleod Johnstone. who stood charge] with c iusing the death of the deceased. Mr. Stanley Wilson (deputy T.)wa Clerk) was also present, and amongst others in the room were the Rev. P. J. Byrne, Mr. Johnstone (the father of the accused young man), Dr. Joseph. Dr. Langdale, Dr. Nuttall, Councillor Smethurst, Mr. T. Birchall, JP., Mr. E. Aukland, and Mr. Samuel Barlow. The jury viewed the body in com• , pany with the Coroner, the Chief Constable, and Dr. [Langdale.

Oil their return some delay was experienced in com- mencing the inquiry owing to the absence of the accused young man, Johnstone. He was sent for and arrived 20 minutes late. In answer to the Coroner he stated that he had had no intimation that he would be required tie at- tend the inquest. Inspector Spinks stated tint he told Johnstone his attendance was necessary at the inquest. The Coronere3ddrs3sillg the jury,said the question for their consideration was a eimple one. William Owen died on the Th inst. at the Infirmaryond it was alleged that he died from injuries received. It was further al- !Aged that those injuries were inflicted upon him on the sth inst. by the defendant under such circumstances as ti) justify the jury in saying that they were criminally intlittsd,and that the man ought to go for trial for caus- ing the death. Mr. Brighonse informed the defendant that when all the evidence had been given he could pre- sent himself as a witness and give evidence on oath as to what took place on the sth inst. But if he did so he would be treated as all other witnesses wars treated and cros.s-examined.

The—m-o—th;r"Of the deceased who had tabs assisted to the witness chair, she being in a fainting condition, was the first witness called. She said her name was Ellen Owen, a widow, living at 25, Winwick-road. William Owen, was her son and he was a hairdresser. He was 37 years of age. She recollected her son leaving the h-tpo on Friday nieht about 10-30. He had had some drink. About twenty minutes to twelTe the same night she heard a knock, and went downstairs. She found her on there, and let him in. He didn't looks() well, and he noticed a litt'e blood coming from the mouth. He said "some two fellows had been laying on bins and knocked owe of his teth out." He then went to bed, walking upstairS by himeelf. The deceased occupied a room by him,elf. The next morning she went down- stairs, and found her son lying on his right side on the

hsaithrug. He was ten unconscious. Her two daughters were in bed. She seat one of them to Hallam Fo:ee for her son Eiward, who same, and the deceased, was then carried to bed. Dr. Nutt&ll was sent for and he came and advised hi a removal to the Inftemary. Her son could Ent have been in the position in whci she turd him by falling downAairs. The stairs led into the kitehen. They had no rail attached to them. Hie head was near to the dresser.

Byte Chief Constab:e : She heard her son go down- stairs. He was in the habit of going downstairs for water when he hal been drieking. He had no clothing beyond his night chthcs on wheu she found him. The stairs were steep. By Mr. Jenkins : Yo I say hi heal NVVI sear the dresser ?—Us was on the hear hrug.—Mr. Jenkinf: Yes, but that. near the dre.sAr P—Yea.

By the Coroner : 11. w far? show us br your h tads ? —Witness thou show3d by her laAn is that the distance was about a foot.

By Juryman : TLere i a tura at the b)ttoct of the s ? Yes.

Mr. Jenkins. Is it rot possible that he tnilbt have struck the dresser in falling P—She could'nt tell. Mr. Jenkins: Was'at your son tipsy ?—Well Lts wasn't drunk and he wasn't sober. _ _

Dr. Langdale, selior house surgeon at the infirmary, said the deceas-d was brought to the institution at 330 ea Saturday afternoon. He saw him on adosissisn. Be was 'moor scious' and was suffering from a bruise at ths back of the head. Flis lip was out by a broken tooth on the left side. The tooth was a decayed one, and might have been brnken some time before. There were no other external marks of violence. Witness was present when the man died on Sunday morning at a quarter- past ten. He had made a post-mortem examination of the body. There was nothing to notice externally ex- cept what he found on the man on his admission. He found a line fracture of the skull running down from the neighbourhood of the bruise, and ending in the base of the skull. It was six inches long. The skull was unusually thin. There was a large clot of blood under- neath the fracture. He found several other clots of blood There were two distinct clots in the lower part of the brain about the size of peas. There were two hmmorrhages there, and also several small haemorrhages in the same si. nation. The lungs showed that the man had suffered from pleurisy at a former date. The liver was slightly diseased. The other organs were healthy. The cause of death was htemorrhage into the brain as the result cf an injury. Toe Citioler Wuerever the injury was received, would unciJascioaseess come no the day after er some time after ?--Witness : I a sould expect unconscioussessi to come tin rapidly. The Co,oner : in half-an hour ?—Witatss : I should expect it t 3 be in halt-an-hour. The Ccrlaer (to Mrs. °wets) : Do you say that you heard your On giing downstairs at 5.30 oa Saturday morning ?—Mrs. Owen : About that time. ' The Ginner : You heard him going downstairs ? Mrs. 0 wee : Yes, sir.

. _ Toe Coroner : Dew- long was that before you fonnd him opt the floor uncansciour 2—Mrs. Oven : Directly after. The Caron nr (to the doctor) : Da you think that if this man had received there injuries at 11.45 on Friday night he would bi able to walk downstairs at 5.30 the next rmarniug ?—Dr. Langdale : It is just possible, but it would surprise me rather. The Coroner : Do you think it possible for a man to become unconscious immediately after the injury---say in five minutes 2—Witness : Yes. The Coroner: Suppose for the sake of argument,that the man fell on the kitchen floor, would that fractured skull be produced by that kind of violence ?—Witness : It might be, but the bruise was rather near the top of the head. It was not the usual place where a man would fall if he fell on his head on the floor.

I The- 6-o-r-c-n-e-r --But if he : It would be pcssible. The Coronn : D 3 you think the decetsed received the injury which brought about the death so far back as 11-45 on the previous night P—Wicaess : I think pfttsitly he did, but it surptises me that uncons.liousness did not come on sooner,but I cannot say it is impassible. Tht °lroner ; Is it improbable P—Witness ; It is nnnsull.

The C.,roner : Suppose there were two alternatives-- That he received the injury at 11-45 on Friday and 5 30 on Saturday nsmiing—which was the more likely to CAUlle the death ?—Witness : The last one. The Chief Constable : You have described the injury to the head as a line fracture ; supposing there were two alternativei—a man falling on the edge of a dres sr or on a Tat substance like a pavement—which would be more likely to cause a fracture sioailar to the One you found P—Witness:l should say that if he bad fallen upon a sharp sub dance the fracture would have been a cut , and not a line.

Thn Coroner : Apait from Soy vio:ence received he waa not in a very nealthy condition 2—Witness : No ; he was not.

_ The Courser : D 4 you think there was a likelihood of spontaneous bse nnorrhage into the brain bef >re he fell and so causing the fall ?—Witiess : Possibly ;it is just possible. Mr. Jenkins : Having regard to what you f aund could you conceive of a men after having received a blow at 11 45 being able to walk home, go to bed and get up at 5.30 the nexi; morning ?—Wituess I thick it very unlikely. Mr. Jenkins : Would you not regard as exceedingly unlikely that if these clots of blond, the size of peas, were in that past of the brain as the result of a blow at 11.45, that be would be unable to do what was said to have Wed. done : I should say it was very Improbable.

Th. Coroner : Do you think one act of violence wonld produce everything you found P—Witnesi : The Coroner: H a man had thme clo;s of Illood 03 the brain you wouldn't expect him to walk home, and eo downstairs at 5.30 the next morning ?—Witness : It would be remarkable and very unlikely.

The Coroner (to the jury) : I feel bound to inform you that I do not think any jury will find the accused guilty nor would any magistrate send him for trial,after such evidence. I will nut all the evidence before you you think tit,but I think you ought to.satisfy yourselves about the matter. The man came downstairs, and it was possible for hira to fail somewhere and receive the iejuries he evidently has received. That is my point It is extremely improbable that the injury he received at 11.45 resulted in his death, and if that is so I do not think you ought to send the case for trial. The jury adjourned to visit the house. On their re- turn the Coroner addressine, them, said they had had an opportunity of investigating the place. He would go over the evidence and they could use their own discre- tion. Oa Friday night Owen and Johnstone had some quarrel and Johnstone struck Owen. Johnstone he thought would not deny that. The fact remained that after he was struck he walked some hundred and fifty yards home. When he got into the house he told his mother that two men had assaulted him. He went to bed and she heard him go downstairs about half past five the next morning. The mother seemed to be a de- cent straightforward woman, and did not want to etty anything antagonistic against the defendant. Imme- diately afterwards she found him on the floor in an un- conscious state. They had heard Dr. Langdale describe the injuries and the position of the various clots of blood and more especially the two clots and some minor ones in a delicate portion of the brain. They had also heard him express the opinion that the injury which caused them might have been iofficted at 11.40 on the Friday night, but that that would sur- prise him, for he would expect from what be saw that unconsciousness wou'd take Place almost immediately. They had no right to send John- stone for trial unless they were convinced that be would be put on his trial at the AS9IZ9B. If he (the coroner) , was sitting as a juryman, he would suppose that he was I sitting,under the direction of a Judge at the Assizes. Then if it was proved to his satisfaction that Johnstone had struck some blow, and it was ale° proved deceased had a fracture of the skull which causei heraorrage in I the brain, and if he afterwards heard the medical men I say that it was improbable that blows given at 11-40 on the night previous had caused the injury, and that it was most probable the injury was caused later, then he would give Johnstone the benefit of the (Roulet. He did not think that any jury at Assize would convict on the face of the doctor's evidence. If they were of the same opinion they had no right te send Johnitene for trial. The only thing then was to form a verdict. The de- ceased had died from hcemorrage in the brain caused by a fracture of the skull. His suggestion te thorn was If they agreed upon that point, to return an open verdict, Unless they wished to consider the matter amongst themselves. If en the other band they carte, they might have the remainder of the evidence put before them. The foretnan said they had made up their minds, and after hearing the doctor's evidence they did not think it worth while ta hear any more. They quite agreed with the Coroner's view, and they would return an open verdict. That, he thought, was the opinion of all the jurymen, and they did not censider there was sufficient evidence to fend Johnstone for trial. The Coroner informed Johnstone that so far as they were concerned he was discharged, bat he would have to appear before the niagietratee On Thursday, but it was probab'e they would discharge him after the verdict which had been given. The Chief Constable said so far as the police proceed- ings were concerned, Johnstone need have no fear of the result.

FURTHER POLICE PROCEEDINGS. THE CHARGE WITHDRAWN. Walter MeCleod Johnstone, a clerk, was charged on remand at the Warrington Borough Police Court on Thursday morning, oi suspicion with causing the death of William Owen on the sth August. The Mayor (Alderman Wright) presided on the Bench, and the other magistrates present were :—Alderman Blackhurat, Al- derman Sutton, Councillor Shaw-Green, and Mr. Hep- herd. The prrsoner was again represented by Mr. Jen- kins, solicitor.

Chief Inspector Spinks t•aid, I have been directed by Mr. Talto, the Chief Constable, to inform the Bench that an inquest has ben held on the body of the deceaoed man Owen, and in face of the verdict and the doctor's evidence,l have been instructed not to offer any evidence this morning. With your permission I will

Narne of Paper Address

_ WARRINGTON FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. GRAND UNITED ORDER OF ODDFELLOWS. BENXI-CHANT STAR LODGE No. 449.

DEATH OF A PROMINENT OFFICIAL. Oddfellowship in Warrington has sustained a severe loss in the death of Mr. Thomas Taylor, at the age of 57 years, who br upwards of '27 years filled the position of secretary of the Benevolent Star Lodge (449) Warrington district. Up to the time of his death he was als3 secretary for the dis- trict and was closely identified with the Juvenile Burial Society. The single-minded devotion he has displayed in the interest of the Order generally and his lodge and district more particularly, has been most conspicuous. In the exercise of his many duties his kindness and courtesy had won for him the respect and esteem of the members. On Sunday about 100 members of the Grand United Order of Oddfellowe met together to pay the last tribute of respect to their late brother. The members met at the Club Room, White Bull lan, and a procession was formed and proceeded to his residence, where tite Oddfellows funeral oratien was read by Bro. J. Keenan in a very impressive manner. The party afterwards fo:lewed the remains t 3 the Cemetery, the Rev. Canon Willis officiating at the graveside. Many floral tribates were sent. it is intended to recognise the services of Brother Taylor by placing an ornamental tablet over his grave. A subscription list for the purpose is now hanging up in the room of Lodge No. 449. A special summons meeting of the above Society was held on taturday at the White Bull Inn,Horse- market-street, to appoint a secretary to take the plaee of Bro. T. Taylor,resigned, but since deceased. I Bro. Charles Easten was elected, and in thanking the members for the honour they had done him 'hoped they would work hand in hand for the suc- cess of the Lodge. Bro. Alfred Lingard was nomin- ated for district secretary. Bro. Joseph Gibson and Bro. Joseph Dutton were presented with emblems for past services and suitably responded. Bro. A. Alceck and Bro. W. Smith were elected auditors. Several members spoke in high praise of the late Bro. Taylor's character and his willingness at all times to do anything for the goad of the Lodge. INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODDFELLOWS— LOYAL OLIVE BRANCH LODGE. On Saturday evening the officers and brethren of the above lodge took the opportuaity of making a presentation of a nice'y f • ame I Past Officers Certi- ficate to two worthy officers who have done good service on behalf of the odge. The officers pre- sent were : N G George Brawn, P G Broadhuret, (acting V (I), U M Henry Walker, PPDGM Ralph Norman, PP GM Alban Boyle (secretary), P Peter aiegrath, P G Arthur Cotterill, anti others. The Chairman having called upon PPDGM Nor- man to make the presentations, that gentleman in the course of his remares said the Olive Branch Lodge wished to skew P 0 alagrath and P 0 Cot-1 terill that the work they had done for the interest and welfare ot the lodge was duly appreciated by their fellow officers and brethren. He had much pleasure in presenting each of them with a Past Officers Certificate which had been neatly framed and a suitable inscription written upon it, and he hoped that they would both live long and have health and strength to work still more for the bene- fit of the Loyal Olive Branch Lodge and that the presentation might remind them in future years of the many pleasant hours they had spent with the brethren in the discharge of their duty. PG Peter Magrath in acknowledging the presentation saidl Ithat it was gratifying to him to find that he was held in such esteem and respect by his fellow brethren and he thanked them sincerely and said 'he would always be glad to do his best to further the interest of the lodge.—? G Arthur Cotterill said ihe felt proud to be the recipient of such a presenta- tion. The services he had renuered to the lodge he took a pride in. He wished to thank them for their appreciation and he also thanked the Secretary and Treasurer for the assistance they had given him during his term of office. LOYAL OItDER OF ANCIENT SHEPHERDS AU . . . _

The members of the Warrington Juvenile Burial Society and Widow and Orphan Fund of the above named order assembled at the British Workman Public House, Horsmiarket-street, on Monday. The ' occasion being the 27th annual meeting in connec- tion with the Juvenile Burisl Society and the 33rd of the Widow and Orphan Fund. The members be- longing to both funds put in a very fair attendance and manifested deep interest in the whole even- I ing's proceedings. The meeting was presided over by the President, P.P C.S. Henry Warburton, who was suppotted by the Vice-president P.C.S. William Ball. The Chairman expressed his gratification in learning that they were again to receive a very en- couraging report of the past year's transactions. The General Secretary,P.P.C.S. Lawrence Weir, in sub- mitting the annual balance sheet showed that the 1 total worth of the Juvenile Burial Society amounted to £l,BlO 19s. Bd., as compared with £1,643 10s. 9.d. for the previous year, thus making a gain upon I the year tranerctions of £167 Bs. 101 d., with a total membership of 1,227. The report further showed that the Widow and Orphan Fund I had a capital of £lOB 12s. 4d,, as against £2OO Os 8d in the previous year. The Secretary, in ' further reviewing the financial position of the society, said that during the past five years thel average gain bad been no less than .21/11 per annum. The auditors P.P.O S. Peter Edgar and P.M. John Jones complimented the members upon the satis- factory condition of the whole of the accounts and testified that the bank books, corporation bends, and title deeds, were produced, examined, and in perfect order. In the election of officers, P.C.S. William Hall was elected president: D.C.P.S. I Frederick Massey,vice-president; P.P.C.S.Lawrence Weir, general secretary; P.P.C.S. James Parr, treasurer; Brothers William Holmes, Peter Edgar, William Eckersley, trustees ; Brother John Jones was re-elected auditor; Committee: Bros,John Jones, Joseph Whitlow, John W. Sykes,Edward Archibald, Thomas Miller, Samuel Bradshaw, Joseph Adams, Jeffery Benion. George Howard, Edward Cliffe, David Harris, Henry Warburton, James Gresty. The remainder of the agenda paper consisted of several matters of importance bearing upon the general welfare of the societies, such as passing of the newly revised rules of both societies which brought forth .some very lively discussion and amongst the principal speakers were Brothers Thomas Miller, Peter Edgar, John Jones, Joseph Whitlow, Edward Archibald,James Parr,Lawrence Weir,W. Eckereley, and others. A vote of thanks was accorded the re- tiring president, P.P.C.S. Henry Warburton for the admirable manner he had conducted the business during the past year. Brother Warburton, in re- sponse said the kind expression that had been dis- played that evening rewarded him for the labours he had spent upon the societies during his term of office and would leave pleasant recollections behind it. The meeting afterwards terminated.

- PPSBCocojñ._Cocos.Nib txtract. (Tea-like). —The choicest roasted nibs (broken up beans) of the natural Cocoa on being subjected to powerful hydraulic pressure, give forth their excess of oil, leaving for use a finely flavoured powder—" Cocoaine," a product which, when prepared with boiling water, has the consistence of tea, of which it is now, with many, beneficially taking the place. Its active princi- ple being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system. Sold only In labelled tins. If unable to obtain it of your tradesman, a tin will be sent post free for 9 etampe.—James Epps and Vo., Ltd., llomceopatllle Phemists, London.—Adlrto.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNS CHLORODYNE. THT ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENIIINR. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dill" covered. OiILORODYNE is the best rem Edy known Of Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. CHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrest those too often fatil diseases—Diphtheria. Croup, Ague. riIILORODYNg acts like a charm in Diarrhooo V and the only specific in Cholera and DysenterY' e CHLORODYN E effectually cuts short all attaclgv of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and SPaora°' CHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neat Hia• Ilheurnafism,Cont, Cancer, Toothache, Ileallgiv" •

011 N • WALKER & CO, 411 established reputation for giving caret u i?utnpt idtatZ:on to the wants of all Custom facisties Jur the production of Good Work kind—from the smallest typographic trifle est mural " Mammoth " are available to .epieusblie! at prices which are strictly moderate S' Inartistic, and slovenly printing is Eh rA?' business men. They find it doesn't pay t - eVerl the lowest tender."

h.._

===== 0002601_18980812_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L

===== 0002601_18980812_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
(Registered Copp ight.)

===== 0002601_18980812_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18980812_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Birmingham, Cheater, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-llakerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwiek Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport .and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES, All Parts—General Night Mall.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ..

===== 0002601_18980812_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING ROUSE- "Barlestown

SUB-OFFICES -

*Ashton Collins Green

'Go'borne

Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick "Wargrave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse)l Railway Station. (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st. Golborne Legh Street, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

rarcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6 time as letters.

I Nil. 110-15 a.m

===== 0002601_18980812_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and By.m. _ _

_ 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 640 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph _

===== 0002601_18980812_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Offices also

10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m,

5, 10 a.ra., 12 noon, 2 &

7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m And 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. awl 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

I To I Callers.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby; & Lymm Manchester, S .-Baßt Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- beriand, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Preseot, Wigan, Orm s- kirk Widii n & Earlestown London. Forelkm, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and

1 a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 , 11-30 „ !- 11-45

12-o

ch.ter

Manchester nden and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches-

ter, Wales, and Ireland eilasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, Ze Chester London and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midland, Northern, Vastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - astern Counties

k2-I5 p.m.

2-lb „ 3-15 ,

5-30 p.m.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS s-

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

6-45 a.m.

7 -0 a. }Next a

from the Receiving Office at Bark p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the Sam

By Postmen, 7-0 a.m.

11-30 a.m I 1 f 1

===== 0002601_18980812_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Extra id. Stamp

===== 0002601_18980812_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m

===== 0002601_18980812_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. d-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18980812_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY; AUGUST 12, 1898

===== 0002601_18980812_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
E • 0 SNS D

BEST TIMEKEEPERS. GUARANTEED FOR ACCURACY, DURABILITY, and STRENGTH. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD, In Sterling Silver Cases from £2 25., or in 18ct. Gold Cases from £5. Illustrated Book of Watches, Jewellery, Rings, Clocks, Plate, Bcc., post free.

Steam Factory:

===== 0002601_18980812_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
TILLIAM WINUANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, BEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSINB3S successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN ItiIiDOCOOK at King- street and 17. Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier., Painter, Gasfitter, Scc., where he hopes, by being more centrally situated, to further extend his Business, and to merit a further share of the public patronage.

N.B.—A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances; also a Choice Selection of wall papers and deaorations will be constantly on hand.

ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
62&64, LUDGATE HILL, E.C.;

pAINSTAKING PRINTERS are now-a days sought for by business men who study rea economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies' Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance sheets ; and by Musical Union', Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES. BOOKS OF WORDS. PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR ALL.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Six Words Week Weeks Weeks 18 03. 6d. ... ls. 3d. 2s. lid. 27 Os. 9d• ••• Is. 104. 33. Od. 36 Is. Od. ... Is. 6d. 48. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 38. ld. 63. Od. 54 is. 64. ... 38. Bd. 63. Gd. These charges apply only to the classes of advertise ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those Which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and raw I'm raavrous TO INSERTION: otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale: APARTMEN/S WANTED Horns WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO RE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP HATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices may. be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps recived for amounts under ss.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., EXAMINER g STEAM PRINTING WORKS.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
(<0...\, --11'1-' i''',... \ \:- ,\,, \,, , --,, \ - , 'l_ , - J ir 4,. 1 i I, i / \ , ~, ),, ~,,i, _-,` , , ..--..-1 '''

===== 0002601_18980812_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
25, OLD BOND ST, W;

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
off.flllll4l

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

===== 0002601_18980812_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach, Im

laired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. lid., and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, W ITH a prudent- 'use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS

cw, Dr A ;‘.-1-)

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c,

===== 0002601_18980812_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
I:OIM2IL3ECXMir'

Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

.

Grx t

ee

===== 0002601_18980812_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
il sinieinn e. a beautiful finish to starched The Royal Laundresses ay Critch.ey a " STARCH GLOB gar.,leedithfoerr cllPda(r)rtibn.ogiling water starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall save :—" Mv wife will not finish our linen without your i'aSn?rephleaGselod to info .' ' Frrmnl you b oMtrsa—. Bradford a—Dear sir,— t I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes And Polishes, but End none equal to yours." It should t•e need in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCHLKT 1314::RU0H1, rrOprietOr.-- ACM.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WATC H ES

Makers of the "BANK," "LUDGATE," and "FIELD." Worn by everybody.

Special Chronographs as used for timing the Derby, Oaks, St Leger, &c.

SELECTIONS SENT ON APPROVAL.

TURRET and CHURCH CLOCKS. Estimates Free.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.G., LONDON,

===== 0002601_18980812_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
'ants

CURES when all other Remedies fall

o=- 1A

===== 0002601_18980812_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

IN RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions,.

- --- It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes, 1/fl. of all Chemists. M. BEETHAM & SON, ChemIsts,HELTENHAM.

09c4.,Q+6.4*0t00.G4,0.04.0.eva1ke Satisfactory alike to guests and host is coffee made with: S Symington's Edinburgh Coffee; 3 Essence. Sold in small and large: bottles by Grocers e.verywher-e •" • A C2.0.0.3.C.0,9,2*42,1.,5+Ct-044064; C.O

===== 0002601_18980812_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NE

===== 0002601_18980812_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I,i , w. :t .

===== 0002601_18980812_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
REMNANT SALE OF

FRENCH AND ENGLISH DRESS MATERIALS.

GEORGE HENRY LEE

AND CO., LTD.,

BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, WILL OFFER 3,000 REMNANTS AND ODD DRESS LENGTHS OF

VARIOUS PLAIN AND FANCY MATERIALS Left over from the SEASON AND CLEARANCE SALE. These are all of a Fashionable and Useful Character. and among them are pieces"sultable for CHILDREN'S FROCKS, PELISSES. LADIES' BLOUSES. SKIRTS AND DRESSES FANCY WORK AND DECORATIVE PURPOSES. The Materials include : AMAZON CLOTHS, BENGALINES, POPLINS, NAVY SRRGES, COLOURED SERGIO, CASHMERES, TWEEDS AND COATINGS, SILK AND WOOL MIXTURES, GAUZES AND GRENADINES, VELVETERNS, ALPACAS, NEWS CLOTHS, Ac.

GEORGE HENRY LEE

AND CO., LTD., BASNETT STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

SAFETY OUR CRAINLEss OAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE.

SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN, both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED.

CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets.

Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers of the Highest Reputation.

LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 691 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS.

NEW SPRING WOOLLENS FROM TUB BEST MAKERS. SMALL PROFITS.

SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRIMO.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND CO'S LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S

MACINTOSHBS.

351 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

IMPORTANT TO LADIES.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PROFESSOR TRAINER'S

FEMALE CORRECTIVE.

CORRECTS ALL IRREGULARITIES, removes all Obstructions from whatever cause arising) and relieves the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Perfectly harmless, and [never fails to bring about the desired result, as testified by thousands. Price 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. Extra strong Ms. Care fully packed and sent free from observation. ADDRESS! :---MANAGERESS, MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 14, PRICE-STREET.:(Nxxn SAILOR'S:Homs), LIVERPOOL.

SUMMER SALE.

HENRY MILES' SALE OF SURPLUS STOCK FANCY DRAPERY

AT ASTONISHING PRICES, ON MONDAY NEXT,

===== 0002601_18980812_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
.V4D FOLLOWING DAYS.

SW SEXING REDUCTIONS

IN ALL

SEE THE MILLINERY. SEE THE GLOVES AND HOSIERY. SEE THE SHIRTS AND BLOUSES. SEE THE CHILDREN'S GOODS.

SEE WINDOWS THIS DAY.

DEPARTMENTS.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE AT TEEM ESTABLISEMENTS.

HENRY MILES, Cl 25A, CHURCH TREET (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL).

31, CHURCH STREET, CORNER TARLETON-STREET,

AXII IT

EDWARDS', 581 CHURCH STREET

LIVERPOOL. (TIiRBB DOORS FRO )1 HIIHOVRE-STREET),

CATALOGUES BT POST ON APPLICATION.

THROAT IRR/TATTON AND 00IIGH.--80reness and dryness tickling and irritation. Inducing cough and affecting the voice. For these symptoms use Bpps's Glycerine Jujubes, lfl contaCt with the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable con- fecli°,rts becomes actively healing. Sold only In tins, Md. and 'slid labelled, " JCo.,AHNS EPPS O. Limited. Homoeo- pathic Chemists, London." Dr. Moore, In his wotk "Nose and Throat Diseases." says: " The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubted service as a curative or Palliative agent," while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Tkroat and Ear Infirmary, writes : " After an extended trial, I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of considerable benefit in almost all forms of throat disease.

I

===== 0002601_18980812_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980812_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11 'A4 ez,

.

.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
iletters to tbe Obitor.

BAPTISMAL REGENERATION AND PROTESTANT BELIEF.

Sir,—The Catholic Faith is not always furtunete in its exponents, and though I take no exception to the state- ments in the reply by Sursurn Cords to loaa's letter on the subject of Baptismal Regeneration, it seems to me that they lack lucidity, and are couched too much in the technical terminology of an antiquated dry-se-dust to be of much assistance to tbe ordinary reader. Now in myself taking a, perhaps, reckless plunge into the limit- h s 3 sea of theological controversy I would aesire to treat your correspondent lona, as being indeed what he pro- fesses to be a seeker aft sr truth,and it is because I have felt similar difficulties. that I desire to point out to him other aspects ef the question. To many thinking Englishmen, who have been brought up, as I have, ucclar what are called" Evan' gelical" influences,there comes a time wnen a broadened outlook upcn the world, and an acquaintance with other forms of thought brings into clearer light the inade- quacy and narrowness of poplar Protestantism. And while some, short of becoming indiffereet or agnostic, find an uncertain foothold in Unitarian or undogmatic Christianity (which to roe seems to present intellectual difficulties of an equally insuperable kind) there are very many, 1 believe, who only wait to have the tradi- tional views presented to them in a more reasonable spirit to enable them to perceive that -what they always regarded as perversions of Primitive Chris- tianity are, in reality, an integral part of the faith once delivered to the saint/. While,therefore, I see that it will be quiee impossible for me to give any_ thing like an adequate consideration to the many con- troversial points concerning the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration, I think that I shall be able to point out , what was to me a cause of stumbling before I came to give greater consideration to the matter, namely, the strained and false meaning given to many of the words , used in connection therewith. It is easy enough to make I an antagonist look ridiculous by attaching some absurd significance to terms, which he is known to have used in a controversy, and in no matters of dispute is this a more frequent source of misconception than theological. We all stand in need of more definite teaching in the first principles of our religion,and while many are fight- ing about ceremonial details which, surely are only of importance accordingly as they do not sufficiently em- phasize' or on the other hand obscure under an excess of ritual the central truths of Christianity, it might be well for those,whose function it is, to give prominence I to these truths. To my own mind the outward trappings I of religious worship are of importance in that they minister to two very real sides of human nature, the de- votional and the resthetic, and while I deprecate that very eacessive attentien to minute details, which tends to obscurantism and a forgetfulness of the spiritual nature of the service,and while I am.perhaps, not likely to be much impressed by the somewhat grotesque ritualism of the Salvation Army, though acknowledging the good which that body has done, I fail to see the ob- jection to many of the things about which such a fuss is being made at the present time. But to turn to your correspondent bona. Whatever the subterfuges, to which certain schoole of theology in the Church of England have been driven in order t make the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration fit ia with their particular theories of the Christian life, he is ceatainly right in his discovery that the formularies of the Churets most emphetically enunciate it, and in so doing they give one of the many proofs that the Anglican Commu- nion to which I te'ong,at the Reformation did not sever itself from the belief held from the earliest times of Christianity, however much that belief had meantime been overlaid with adventitious superstitions. Bet I I submit that the stiperstructive, which your correspond- ent has built upon a very simple foundation will not I stand. Now as modern science has shown that in the physical world a gradual development from lower to I higher forms obtains, so the Catholic doctrine has always been that in the rarieriers life, there is a process of growth, very gradual it may ho, and interrupted too often by sad lapses, or, it is to be feared, in some cases arrested altogether. Assuming what to the Christian,at least, is no superstition, the omnipotence and omnipre- seance of God, the Catholic belief that the Almighty nourishes and sustains the spirituel life of His people by various channele, knowa as means of grace, can not seem far-fetched. Grace, help, sustenance call it what you like the Catholic holds may come in all kinds of ways. nee voice of God reproving and enceuragiag may be heard in the words of a friend or in the sermon of a preacher, and too in the sorrows and vicissitudes of life. But above all we have the especial presence of God in the Sacraments whieh Christ ordained in His church, tee Divine Socirte, which he establish, d with tie organize I government, and whice despite all its apparent failures and mistakes Ile he cent nued to guide in its work as His chief, if not only me ens o: reconciling the world to Elineself.Those,who speak of these things as eats a erdinary or miracalous,scem to be oblivicui of the other aoctrines which ties at the very root of the Faith. To what extent are they more extraordinary than the lucerne, tion or the Atonement ? Surely no unaided intellect , could have arrived at ideae, such as these Sil,,gelt. Has I your correspondent never understood that if these Sacraments, or sacramental acts such as confirmation are means of grace it Is the work of God not man,ani if one were to give the most exaggerated importance to the office of the clergy (a thing I ?Mufti hes,ta`e t ) do), one could net regard them as more than instruments in the hands of God ? Has he ever noticed that in the Holy Communion the priest says a prayer,not performs an act of Consecration? Has he ever realivel that the true priest (in the sacrificial eienee), in the Eucharist IS the Lord Jesus Himself ? The Christian life, then, as understood by Catholics begins when the repentant believer at the time ef being beptized is incorporated into the Church, made a member of i Christ's bodyeie adopted into the family of Geri, becomes regenerate or born again : and this is held to be some. thing more than a mere form. And this deetrine is without doubt also, scriptural, primitive, apostolic. ' Need I quote the numerous passages both in the Gospels and Epistles where Baptism is connected with the remis- sion of sins, and where the baptized are addressed as having been thereby made members of the Church? The first Christian sermon ever preached, that be St. Peter on the day of Pentecost, spoke in no uncertain terms as to the necessity of Baptism. Now I hold that in the last instance we must treat the Sacrament as one of the Christian Mysteries, a thing we can , o more explain than we can the nature of the soul : a real belief in Christ neceeserily entails not only compliance with His commands but also a true humility in mind in consider- ing them,however inexplicable,they may seern.Our Lord said " He that believeth and is baptized seall be saved (i e , brought into a right relation to God), but he that disbelieveth shall be condemned (i.e., obviously wilful disbelief is meant.) Now it should be a matter of common knowledge by this time, that saved and con- demned as used above implies nothing as to man's eternal destiny. Man having free-will may not continue saved ' or •in a stare of salvation but may fall away, and 'condemned' means merely his aidul disbelief shall be judged against him. Intellectual differences and ignorance are not here taken into consideration. St. Peter in his first sermon said " Repent and he baptized everyone of you—for , the promise is to you and to your children."So the two preliminaries to baptism are repentance and faith ; the state resulting regeneration. In what sense are these words used ? What did the writers of the Holy Scriptures mean by them? Repentance ' is not likely to puzzle us, but it is obviously out of place in uncon- scious infants. 'Faith' is a word used by theologians in various senses expressing all degrees from a simple belief in the Divine Person and Mission of Jesus Christ up to what has been called a self-appropriating trust in Christ's work. Now it is quite obvious that the higher I degree is only attained by comparatively few nowa- days,end must certainly be the result of a progressive growth in most cases, and there is no doubt that many people have exaggerated the faith which the early Christians possessed in general. I have no doubt myself that repentance for wrong done and an histcrieal or nominal faith were all that was required of those de- sirous of becoming members of the Church. St. Paul in his Epistle to the Galatians writes to rept* eve them for want of faith, they being in danger of relapsing into Judaiereoand these persons he addresses thus • Ye are all children of God by faith in Christ Jesus; for as many as have been baptised into Christ have put on Christ. This statement would not be received with favour in many Nonconformist circles, were it made to-lay. Now anyone who fulfilling the conditions, was bap tized, took upon himself a new responsibility in that he was made a member of the Church, bas so incurred a greater Obligation to live as God would have him. Who will deny, that he, who has been taught how to live,has more to give account for, than he who has not ? Who will deny that God can and will give to bim who thus takes upon himself a new task a special grace to help him ? And this is all regeneration means. The word is obviously used with regard to the spiritual world from the analogy of the physical. Presupposing instruction, belief ,repentance,the baptized enters into a new relation to God, is adopted into His family, is given a special grace to start him in this supernatural condition—never, however, is it implied anywhere that his free-will is abrogated in any way. Regeneration or 'being born agaia' has nothing to do with being 'soundly converted' lor having ' a new heart,' to quote come ' Evangelical- , isms.' Such phenomena do occur and are often very real events in the lives of Christians. But are not re- pentance and amendment centinually necessary for us ? They are peshaps more striking when occurring under I revivals of religious influence and in PeaPle who have gone far astray, but this is not regeneration. Regenera- tion is the condition of all the baptized, supposing the preliminaries have been fulfilled ; the baptized sins against grace and knowledge and has greater respon- sibility. That the degree the responsibility varies enormously in each case is obvious but a discussion of that point is not my present intentions. Now there is no doubt that the early Christians bb tone trgahmt etdhe iinr ct hh iel dsraemn e tboe lbi ee f .b awp ht iesreedi nl n ttehnedyi n gh a tdh ebme etno instructed—the elements of Christian faith and duty. mere is no distinct mention of infant baptism, but I

===== 0002601_18980812_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, IS9B.

have already referred to St. Peter's sermon wherein tire I baptism of all is urged—and the promise is said to in- clude the children. We read of two occasions in the Acts where two households were baptised, and S. Paul more than once addresses children as members of the church which we know could only be entered by baptism. Da we not know alas! how prenatal influences may affect a child, how the misery or depravity of parents may work Iwting harm on the as yet unborn and unconscious infant? Cal we then deny that the grace of God may be given to a child from its earliest days ? That religious influences, teaching of any kind are most likely to pro- duce a lasting effect whm given in early years is certain, and we can well understand the action of the early Christians. But I for ens do not understand how really religious people can be so oppose I to the teaching of the elements of the Christian Fitli Ir, is t log which the parents (and GA-parents wham the church has added as emu Lies), undertake tc provide for the child which they get baptised. Surely the ehild aril not be he'd aniwerable for the pa .ents neegl,ct ; such difficulties are amity s ugzeated for instanc in the case of the thubaptized who lead good lives. But of such cas is we are not the judges One word more, and I have done. The Churcu in net giving Christian burial to the unbaptiz d merely means that it is reserved for her morntonS. She thereby neither expresses nor implies a belief that the unbapt,z id are outside the possibility of eternal life, and she d ues not bury the baptized in the certainty that they are iu a fit spiritual condition, but ii rh, Ii p of it. T'ne Burial Cullect shows this. I c nuld will imagine that it would be better if there were inme gap trat9 servlce for the unbaptized and tnose known to die unrepentant. The furore which the Church's eneidei get up about such cases, sornetim^s, unfortunately often finds sympa- thisers in well disposed people who are iglorant of the real reasons of the Church's action.—l am yours, etc. QUONDAM SCHISIIITICUi.

"l3kerf/VA" Ott

It is stated that the Pr:n7ess of Wales will Mons of the governors of Sir Thomas Lipton's scheme for progi ling cheap restaurants for the p3or. It is in order Via,. Her tfoyal Highness may associate herself with the undertaking that it is t 3 be inror- paratd by 11,3yal charter, tor n 3 member of the Rval Family may join in the work of an ordinary trading company. Her JOyal Highness's co-govern- ors will be ih3 Duke of Norfolk. Sir Francis KnoHya, Sir Frincis Jenne, and Mr. James Knowles (editor of the 'Nineteenth Century "). It is inaccurate to say that Ireland is n.)t to have the beuefits of the scheme, but •ocal authorities will be expected to co- operate in making it as widely beneficial as possible where it is slop e I. Toe present pripcs ii is to start with £lOO,OOO, of which .£BO,OOO shall be invested in buildings and plant, the remainder to be used as working-capital. ----- IDn ! of the pleasant s duties of Par iamentar,r lire, if memb-rs may be taken at their word, is that of show.ng consiituen s the sights of S. Stenhen's. As a rule the task is simple enough. The visitors seldom number mo mat a time than half-a-doze:l. They come in manage ib'e family p irties, and are ' always t he recogni e I by the d vation and rsver- ence with which they hang u.mn the wne of the r guile. On Monday Mr. Ilornhy eclipsed all pre- vious psrfarmances in this line by csndueting a party numbering no fever than four han hied of his constituents ovsr till Houses of Parliam int. The member for Blackburn is I oking firward quite chesrfully to a repitituoa of the experience iu the cour eot the week. His constituents a-e enjoying their annual holiday, and one of their ways of spending it is to call on Mr. liornhy, not singly but in buttalims.

The shipowners present in the Commons awaited with some interest the reply of the President of the Board of Trade to Sir Edward Gourley. The regu- lations to be issued regarding boys who may be in- denture i to shipowners under the Merchant Ship- ping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Bill are to be care- fully considered during the recess, and the point of the education and housing of the boys is not to be lost sight of; but the regulation will probably be similar for all classes of vessels, whether ste im or sail. The discussion on the clause brought forward by Mr. Ritchie a little while ago, and the corres— pondence which has since arisen,rend-.r the success of the scheme problematical. The feeling seems to be that the steamship owners do not care about it, and, from the point of view of the sailing ship owners, the subsidy is not adequate. There is the minor point whether, if anything in this direction is to be done at all, it should be moved up with the question of the light dues. Altogether it looks as though the whole matter above referred to, as well as the regulations, would be the better for recon- sideration during the recess.

Strong lanzuago was 13,64 by NEr. Hanbury to characte:ise the condfc: of the unkf,own culprit who has ben cmomonhating the se3rets of the Telephone C mamittee to the Press. The else is evidently one calling for the detective inspiration of a Sherlock [Limes. At their meeting on Friday the Committee were on the:r guard against the very danger by which they have been overtaken. Every possible pr caution was taken to prevent the conten s of the draft report from becoming known to the outer w end. When members adjourtie i for lancheon the doors of the cmomit!e e noon were 13cked. Yet, accordinz to Mr. Haubury, tie report mos', actually oave been " filched " from tho Coin- t e 1 room, presumably in the luocheou interval. Tie report, as published, contain ei some of the emendations made in the cours3 of toe sitting. How did it happen? Mr. Hanbury confesses that he is baffle: in h s searc a f tee culprit It ii S itlifact my to know that he absolves members oZ the Cmomittee. The Seeretary t.) the Treasury, by the way, seems t think that the " Times " was the o ily newspaper that publishe 1 the docament. As a matter of fact it appear 4 at much greater length iu ens of the Glasgow papers.

The mll evp clition which Sir John Murray sent out some fifteen months ago to Chri-tmss Is- land tor the purdose of makieg &complete examin• att.:on of that most inte-es lug speck of laud in the In lien tic ;an has now returned to England, Chistmas Island is being exploited commer-ually by a private company, the local agent beim; a member of the well-known Ross family. The total inhabitants of Christmas Is- land,including tne agent and collies from the Malay Archipelago, is, I betieve, eleven,and their only oc- cupation is working the rich phosphate beds which constitute the commercial wealth of the island. From a scientific point of view the main interest of the island is that it is practically virgin, since its isolated position has protected it from the admix- ture of foreign species which meet the scientific student in almost every other part of the world. Mr. Andrews, who was in charge of tha expedition, spent nearly a year on the island, and he will in due course publish the result of his investigations. There is oaly on 3 point on which a landing can be effectedwand some idea of the density of the vegeta- tion may be gathered from the fact that until Mr. Andrews expbred it no one had succeeded in pene- trating more than a mile from the landing-place. Mr.. Andrews himself found two miles a day the limit of his progress through the dense under- growth. .lle succeeded in traversing the whole is- land,but it was impossible to get any general view even by climbing high trees. The cane of the island is,as I have already reported, volcanic, and it seems to have been raised to its present height— about I,2ooft.—by it succession of upheavals,as it is girdled round from summit to base by a succession of fringing coral reefs. Mr. Andrews made a com- plete collection of the animals, insects, and plants, and also brought back many geological specimens. Theinsects are, I understand, particularly interest- ing. Vary large rats and monster land-crabs are tree climbers—a remarkable illustration of adapta- tion to environment.

Now that the Prince—o-ii;les is happily on the road to recovery, the following anecdote will leave no unconsfortiible suggestion behind it, for the broken kneecap is healing as well as can be desired When Sr William MacCormac arrived in consul- tation, the Prince, with his usual optimism, looked up and said, " Well, after all, it is not so bad as it might have been. I might have broken my leg." " I wish you hal," replied the President of the College of Surgeons, whose technical knowledge made him, of course, aware of the fact which has learnt by painful experience, that a broken patella is a far more difficult thing to repair thoroughly than a broken lee.

Preparations have already begun for the greatest army manoeuvres which have ever been held in England. The tro)ps to be engaged will be divided into twa full army c 3/135 (or " armies " for brief) of tare° division each. The Northern army, under the Duke of Connaught, will concentrate at S ilis- bury Plain, the camps being pitched at flomington and Wilton. The Southern army, under Sir Red- ere Buller, will lie between Dorchester and Ware- ham.. From September Ito September 7 these two arrives will be manoeuvred as hostile forces over the greater part of Dorset and Wiltshire. Before the largeri manoeuvres begin, each army will be prac- tised n divisional manoeuvres, the Northern army at Aldershot, the Southern at Wareham. Mean- time, the advance i parties of the Northern army will be gnting their camps ready, and the great mass of the troops will be coaveyed by twenty or thirty special trains to Salisbury, on the 26th aryl 2701 Ins% The whole proceedings will be a series of most interesting experiments, not only in field work, but in the far more arduous tasks of trans- port and commissariat. How to move and how to feed thousands of men, even in rich and peaceful England, is, after all, the hardest of war problems, and I hope that the practice of it here may help us to avoid the wretched failure so often seen among ill-prepared troops in some hostile or desert country. It is satisfactory that a large number of militia battalions are to be brigaded with the regu- lars,

One of the nearest friends of Charles Kingsley has, I learn, just pasd away at Bideford. 'this gentleman was Dr. W.H. Ackland, a man who was the recipient of Kingsley's closest confidence, and whose opinion was sowht by the novelist on ppints of literary taste. When Westward Ho, then containing a farmhouse and a couple of cottages, was to bs named it was Dr. Ackland who thought of Kinneley'a novel and made the suggestion,vvhich was adopted.

It is said that the Duke of Devonshire medi- tates cultivating the game of golf. Nis Grace has watched the play at Furzedown and at the links near Compton Place, Eastbourne, and he has ex- hibited a good deal of appreciation of Afr. Balfour's kill. With his habitual cautkn he has hesitated about the final plunge, but I hear he has now practically surrendered, and will soon be seen club in hand and the caddie at his heels. The Duchess, after making a mn4 successful debut, now plays 0 ith a fair amount of ekill and nonfiliman,

===== 0002601_18980812_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

APPOINTMENT OF THE LICENSING COMMITTEE.

At a private melting of magistritesoa Cuesilay morning, the following Licensing Committee was appointed: The Mayor (Alderman Wright), Nit.. F. Monks, M ierman R. W. Fraucomb,Colonel Ridg- way, Mr. J. GAdes, Mr. T. Birzhall, anq Councillor W. Fierpoint. Music IN TUB PARK.

On Tuesday evening a very large audience as- sembled in the park to listen to a performance by the Volunteer Band. One of the items in the pr- gramme was a descriptive piece, representing a tiussian scene, including an attack by wolves. A balloon was sent off, and while the piece was being played volleys were fired to illustrate an imaginary beating off of wolves. _

===== 0002601_18980812_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
REPORT OP THE N.S.P.C.O

The Warrington and District Branch of Vie National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Caildren (local office, 31, Parker-street), during the quarter ended 30t1 June, 1893, has investigated 50 complaints of neglect, illtreetrnent and other wrongs, affecting the welfare of 183 childrei, an involving 81 offenders. Action was taken as follows: —Warned, 27; Prosecuted, 15; convicted. 15; dealt with in other ways, 8. Penalties :—Two years and 8 montas':imprisoninent and £3 iu fines. Nature of cruelties :—Neglect and starvation, 43; illtreatinen and assault, 4; abandonment and exposure, 2; caus- ing to beg, &c., 1. P SA. AT THE Y.M.C.A.

A P.S.A. mee:ing wi9 held in the lecture hall at the Y.M.C.A., on Sun lay. The meeting was well attended, an I an excellent service was held. The chairman was Mr. Jenkius, ani the addre4s was given by the Rev. J. T. r_4chofleld 01 " The PrJmises." A solo, " Tired," was rendered by Miss Morgan,and the" Light of the Life," by Mis 4 Lanc4,and each acquitted herself very satisfactorily Mr. F. Hickman was the accompanist. Mr. Windle and the President took part in the proceedings.and a very interesting meeting was brought to a close with tile Benediction. LATCHFORD TEMPERANCE HALL. On Monday at the weekly meeting of the Good Templars. Bro. B. Walker, C.T., occupied th e chair. After the initiation of a new member, the business of etection of officers for the ensuing quarter was proceeded with, the folowing being elected—C.T., Bro. John Ditchfield ; V.T., Sister H. Mee ; Secre- tary, Bro. A. Hampton; F. Sec., Bro. A. Boden ; Treas., Bro. E. Cliffe; Chaplain, Sister M. Fletcher ; Marshal, Bro. Brundrett Guard,Bro. F. Kirkman; Sentinel, Bro. F. Blease. The officers were in,talled by Bro. L. Ellison, Lodge Deputy. The lodge was closed by Bro. J. Ditchfield, the new C.T.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SHREWSBURY GREAT FLORAL FETE.

We woull remind our readers that this great na• tional flower show at which nearly £l,OOO in prizes are competed for will be held on Wednesday and Thursday next at Shrewsbury. Special excursion trains will run from Preston, Wigan, Warrington, and other parts. A host of attractions is provided, particulars of which will be found in our advertis- ing columns. Music will be discoursed by UM. Royal Horse Guards (blue),ll. 11. Coldstream Guards H.ll. Scots Guards,and other military bands. At night there will be gorgeous illuminations an i firt- works. SUDDEN DEATII Or A WARRINGTON BROXER.

The death has been reported to the police of John Gregg, a broker, 64 years of age, who lived at 35, Winwick-road. The deceased had for a lung time suffered from a sovere cold, and had been attended by Dr. Gannett. On Sunday morning he got up shortly before seven o'clock, and was about :;c:, drink some " Pop " when he was seized with a violent fit of coughing, which broke a blo3d vessel. Dr. Adams, being the nearest medical man, was sent for, but Gregg expired before his arrival.—At the inquest held on Wednesday morning by Mr. S. Brighouse, (coroner) in the police parade room. Dr. Adams said when he arrived at the house of the deceased on Sunday the man was dead. He had since made a post martens exanaina'ion of the body. Dr. Cannell was present on behalf of the relatives. There was no external or internal evidence of injury received from a fall, which deceased was said to have had on the 29th July. The case of death was rupture of a blood vessel in the upper portion of the left lung. The cause of the rupture was disease of the blood vessels, so that the death was from natural causes, and Dr. Cannell agreed with him. It was not considered necessary by the jury to call Dr Cannell, and without retiring, they brought in a verdict of death from" Natural Causes." ST. JOHN AMBULANCE ABSICIATION.—THE POLICE AS AMBULANCE MEN. On the evening of August sth at the Bridewell, 22 constables of the borough police force wer ' examined in first aid by Dr. Darwin, of Old Trafford, , one of the examiners appointed by the authorities of the above associatiou. 'The usual lee-Ares had been delivered some weeks ago by Dr. Reginald Smith, police surgeon, and the men had been instructed in the practical work—bandaging and other drill—by Inspector Taylor, who holds the me lallion of the St. John Ambulance Association, having been one of the first men in the force to pass the required examinations. At the close of the examination Dr. Darwin addressed the men, inform- ing that in the way they answered his ques- tions they had showm that the lecturer had taken great pains in imparting to them the necessary knowledge. Referring to the practical work the examiner characterized it as " excellent," and said that from the manner in which the men had per- formed that—by far the most important part of the examination—it was evident that the inatru.ctor was a thoroughly capable officer and had drilled them very satisfactorily indeed. In conclusion, Dr. Darwin urgea the men to keep the knowledge which they had gained always fresh in their minds by continual applies tion to their instruction bo.olca. Of the 22 men who came forward to be examined 16 had already passed one examination and eight had passed two

===== 0002601_18980812_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. R. W. COLLIN.

--- It is with deep regret, we announce the death of Mr. R. Wood Collin, builder, cf 12, Marson-street, Warrington, which took place at Menai Bridge, at 7 o'clock on Tuesday morning. The deceased gentleman had not had the best of health lately. but he had been able to attend to his business up to the day of his departure for Wales, which was a week previous to his death. A few days afterwards he became seriously ill, suffering from hamorrhage of the brain,and a rapid development of the disease resulted in his death. The deceased gentleman was well-known throughout this district, and the news of his sudden demise will be receivel with wide- spread regret./n religion he was a Wesleyan,and at-' tended the Bold-street Chapel.He was at one time a member of the Town Council. The flags at the Town Hall and ConAervative Club were hoisted half-mast on the receipt of the news of his death. The re- mains ef the deceased gentleman were brought to Warrington on Thursday. At the meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday, on the motion of the Mayor, a vote of sympathy with the family of the deceased gentlemen was unanimously passed. A report of the spe-ches made by several members will be found in another column.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW-TON CIEtBIN DISTRW T. COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Cotricil was hell in the Town Hall, Ehrlestown,on Nlonday. hlr. C. B. F. Borron, J.P.,C.C., presided, and there were also present : Messrs. J. W. Emmett, J.P., P. M.:Mahon, W. Gum mr, F. J. Wood, J. Simpson, Dr. Patterson, .1. Slee, Forster, E. T. Evans, T. Orasind, with Mr. W. W. Shirley (clerk), Mr.Brierley (surveyor), aid Mr. [Owes (Assistant shirveyor). CEMETERY COMMITTEE.

At a meeting of this committee it wis resolved that the tonier of Messrs. Fitzgerald Bios. for toe corktrac- tiou of a urinal at the Cemetery, acaordtng to the Assis- tant Surveyor's specification, for toe sum of £2O be al- ceptoi ; that the tender of ,lesJrs. C.and Penning:on, of Ne ws, for the cutting, stacking, and thatching of grass at the Cemetery,and on sewage land adjoining,l )r the en nof £ll, b a..:cepte I. Toe report and IN cammendationi of the Ce netery Sib-Committee were submitted.viz. :—that charges for headstones, be modified as follow,: —Headstones (Jr crosses intend d as headstones) : Not exceeeliag 5 t. in height, 7s. 61. ; and for each fet over 5 feat, 23. ; tombs:one or monu- ment, not exceeding 4 feet in height. ; and for 04011 foot over 4fe it, 23. 61. After consideration it was re- solved tit the foregoing report and recommendations be approved and adopted by the committee. Oa tile prop ,sition of Mr. Simpson, the minutes were confirmed.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS MANAGER'S REPORT.

Mr. Swann in hie inoitly r sport states that the new pacifiers ani st aim meters ale now in use, and working In a satisfactory manner. As the old purifiers and stat:on meters are not now regairei here, it would bs as well t) dispose of theta as soon as p trbible. Tae water supply dur n this dry weather is vety iaterior,as in the higher ptiti of the district durinr three parts of the day tiara is not sufficient lor ordinary Use. Uncle:. these circurnstanc-s the use of water in the streets should bs curtailed as mien as possible until theca is a 'nor effi• cleat supply. During the month the s:rest hyd•aace have been exam-a dan tested, and they ars in good working condition.

VIE G-. 1 AND WA. rEI COACT rEE'3 MINU rneos minutes inclu led the following : —Th Coale- ' man stated that Mr W.)raley, solici,o to the Couuail, was des runs of taking aunerl's op Mon upon the powers and poitin of the Council under the H,ectric Lignting Acts of 1833 and 1883, whi vudaa it was ie• solved taat Mr. Worsiey and the Clerk t the Council be empowered to obtain tne opini Hz of, and to confer wi;h, J. Shiress-Will, Q.C., upon the matter. 15 was ordered that the Clerk write to the Hon. T. W. 1,-0, M.P., re- que3tiag him to va.e against the second r iading of the General P.,wer DiAributing Company's Hill, as tue prin- c,ples of the bill are against the interests of local auttiorities. It was rcsalved that the tender of Masers. Fitzgerald Bros. far the erectim of a wood shed over the scrubber en:trine at the gosworkatacc rii.g t surveyor's specification, for the Ann of £25 5s , be aceepte I ; that the wages of EL Hylance, office-boy at the gasworks, be increased from 6,. to Bs. per week ; wet this Council take the risk ot accidents to the workmen at the Gasworks under the the Workmen's Compensation Act of 1897; that it b 3 a recommandatio a to the Finance C.immittee to transfer from toe credi; of tie Profit and Loss account i,f ihi Gas Department the sum of £l.OOO in aid of the Goeral Impmvement Fund aa,count. 01 tile propo aim of the Ciairmant the minutes were confiim-d. raE MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPOR r.

At the Tneeting oi the highways and Sanitary Corn. mitte •on July 18th, Dr. Watkino, the Medical OfficAr' read his q larterly report for the vertu en led June 30, 1893, wh,cti was accepted, subject t that part relating to tile qaes.i on of a disin I ecting chamber being referred to the subicominittee. The report stated th..re were registered : birthe, 87 males • 84 females ; total, 131; deaths, 33 males; 25 females; total, 53. The births were equal to an annual rate of 353, and the deaths 14.3 per 1.000 of the " estimated " population. The infantile death-rate was 8-9 per cent, The deaths of children under 5 years of age 35 8 per cent, of the total nuinbar of deaths It is gratifying tj know that both these per- cause's are below the norm al that has pertained for some time plat. Four cases of enteric fever occurred at ' the Vulcan Cet:sges (3 in Derby R3W and 1 i a al anches- ' ter How.) Two were removed to the Isolation Hospital, and on -5 patient had died bifore he received the notifi- c ition of the case. There still exists tha need, and it was agr ming one, for the construction and use of a special disinfecting chamber and a special cart for the deportation of infected materials (be Iding, clothes, dra- pvr.es, etc.,), which could be perfectly diidafected at home. The queiitma ot such provisioa had in former yea-s been often discussed by the preceding Sanitary authority and himself espee,iatly at the times of presen. tation of his sum nor rep orts, but nothing had yet been done to settle it. The pollution of Newton Lake was progressively increasing, ant conseqaently, the aggra- vate.d pollution of Newton iirook.The main source ot the pollution of the lake was tocyon I at donut and quecioe the great volume of sewage that flows into it flora the Millingford Brook. The aborn nable condition of the brook was an admitted fact. He had no hoeitation in saying that the tat sad cool spring and auminer had been advantageous to them. A long spell of hot and dry weather might convert the lake into a d tnzeroas nuis- ance. Under these circumstances he contended that compulsory powers ought to be sought without longer delay to put an end to existing evils,and to prevent their development iato conditions that might be a menace t the general health of the community, and even bring about a calamity teat they could not claim was unfor- seen.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
'HIGHWAYS AND SANITARY COMMITTEE.

The nainutes of this committe 3 stated that a letter, dated July 14, was real from the Local Government Board, adverting to the annual r loon of the Medical Offieer of Health f Newt ea UrSea Sanitary District for 1897, and making certain observetione thereon, weic e were discussed by the Committee with the Medical Officer of Health, after which it was resolved that Mr. Colling- swood, Mr. Herron, Mr. Orruani,Mr. ThocapeorLand Mr. McMahon b 3 a sub-aommittee, to inquire into the sub- ject matter of the letter of the Local Government Board, and formulate a reply thereto. The committee recom- mended that the following building plans be approved and passel, viz..aew public elementary day school,New- ton Common ; 1 new house near Wargrave Bridge, for Mr. Siddeley ; house and 27 cottages, Collingwood-road, for Mr. G. Finning; Police Station and Court It oorn,High street ; 2 houses, Crow-lane, for Mr. P. Bradshaw. The I Committee decided to take no acti en with reference t) Mr. G. Rename occupying a wood building as a dwell- . ling house. It was resolved tat the apolication of Mr. , Sturgess, of the " Hand and Banner," High-street, for I the removal of a, tree and guard in front of his house, be not acceded to. At a fur her meeting of the committee on Monday August Bth, a let ier was reed from Mr. Waring asking permission to assemVe on the Market. Gnund on the occasion of the Cycle Paraie. The request was acc.d to. Tenders for the making of seven private streets were opeaed. It was resolved that the teader of Mr. T. Hindley of Leigh fer the makine of Alpine, Peel, and Nelson streets far the sum of £962 lie. 10d. beiaccepted, had also that the tender of Mr. F. T. Bennie, of Liver- pool road, Warrington, for the making of Portland and Water etreetii,BraiVev-road,ani Brookßeld streets for the sum of £lB5B 13s. 7d. be accepted. The committee also passed the f. dlo wing re+olutions pith reference to the pollution of Newton Lake: " That the Urban District Council of Goiborae be written to calling their attention to the frequent complaints made to them of the pollution of Newton Like from scream; coming through their ct s- trict and giving them two months notice to remedy the same otherwise legal proceedings to be takea."Also"That Lord Nawtoa b 3 written t through Mr. Pardey enclos- ing copy of the erled,c al Officer of Health's report upon Newt oat lake pollution and giving him two inonche notice to abate the saill"!, otherwise legal pro;eeding3 to be taken."

The Chairman moved and .jr. McMahan secmded the confirmation of the minutes. Mr. Gilmour sugge,tei that tie accaunts meationed in the contracts accepted ba not pub.ishad. Mr. Ormand said he was afraid that if he had sug- gested such a thing, Mr. Gilmour would have said that they were keeping things in the dark. Mr. Gilmour : I don't wish to injure a private con- tractor.

Mr. Ormand did not see how the publication of the amount of tba contract would injure the contractor,and he was on the opinion that the public ought t) know the amount.

Gilmour said as the contract was for private streets, it was not the same as if is were a public tender. Mr. McMahon .thought the public were entitled to know the amount of the contract. The subject then dropp3l and the minutes were passed. SANITARY INSPEOPOR'S REPORT.

Mr. Gregory, deputy si-ni-i;r-ylns-pe-c-t-c;i:,--rep;Orted that during the mouth 67 notices had been served oa owners and occupiers to abate nuisances, and with the exception of a few cases which would be laid before the Committee, all were b3ing fairly attended to. The district was still clear of all infectious cases, but they had a case of scarlet fever imported into the dis- trict from Liverpool on Wednesday, and they got it away to the hospital the day following. The house had been thoroughly disinfected and stoved, so that he hoped they would remain clear. On the 31st last month he found two large deal dogs in a pit near Newton Cona• mon In a very advanced state of decomposition, and unfortunately the pit was used for watering cattle. He served a notice on the owner to have the dogs removed at ones, and to discontinue to use the pit for watering the cattle. On the day following he again visited the place to see if the nuisance had been abated, and found the dogs had been removed, but the water looked very dark and dirty. On examining the pit more closely he found a discharge of sewage emptying into the pit from a private drain, making the water totally unfit for use for the cattle. He at once reported the matter to the Clerk to the Council, and he served a second notice on the occupier of the farm to abate the nuisance, by at once preventing the swags discharging into the pittand to make proper arrangements to water his cattle with pure water. that had been done satisfactorily, and he trusted no harm would follow. It was resolved that Mr W H Ellison, of 7, Lawrence-street, Earlestown; Richard

CUTICLTRA REMEDIES are the most wonderful skin cures, blood purifiers, and humour reme lies ever sum- pounded. They may be used on the youngest infant and most delicate invalid with gratifying and unfailing success. Warm baths with CIITICCTA SOAP, gentle anointing with Ctincune,purest of emollient skin cures, followed by full doses of CIITICMIA. RESOLVENT, greatest of blood purifiers and humour cures, will afford instant relief and point to a speedy and permanent cure in the most torturing and disfiguring of itching, burning, and scaly skin and scalp humours when all else fails.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Jonel, 6, Bridge-street, E tiestown; and Caarlel Se.d lon, 35, Hamer-street, St. Uekn, b ervel with notice t ) abate their resptclye nuista°ei complained of i tne Naiialce Inspeaur'a Journal ;aid if ho: elated within seven day @ from the Beryl°° t iereof,legal proceedino to be taken to entorc3 th 3 pro 7iiioCl4 of the Pahl!c Mllth Act.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
TITE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD'S AUDIT.

The minut is of the General Purposes Cornrnitte con- tainei the roper: of Mr. J. A. Lander, the Lc 0 Govern- ment Daard's distric; auditor, which read a. follows : In pursuance of section 247 of the Publie Health Act, 1875, I have to repert the completion of the. audit of the accounts for the year endal 31st March, 1838, of the Ne wton-in-Makerfield Urban D'strict Council. I find that no apportionment book has been kept by the Sur- veyor for private impr ieement purposes. It is of gee at importance that proper records ot these calculations should be kept, and I trust that in future the Surveyor will keep this book in the usual way. An order check- book would appear to have been keeec by tine Surveyor, from which criers for material., Pei., are issued, signed by himself. No doubt, as the Council are aware, this system is irregular. All orders should be signed by the Clark. It is extr-mely undesirable that tie requision beok and order check-book should be kept by the same person, and in future, I think, the Co ince should d— efine to recognise orde-s unless signed by the Clerk. I note that Mr. W. Chrse hag been appointed as event collector, and is now a paid servant of the Coencil.lt ;caul I appear, therefore, that section 194 of the Public , Health Act, 1875, applies in this case, ant I think the Council should take sufficient security from him for the faithful performance of his (bites. I have carefully , gone into matters with your Clerk, and am pleased to testify to the efficient wae in wtfc i the whole of his de- partment appears to be altnieisterel, and to the assist- ance he rendered me et what would seem to be an in- creasingly heavy audit." The Committee reFo'ved that a guarantee policy in the sum of £2OO be taken out at , the expense of the Council, to guarantee the fidelity of Mr. W. Gorse, a clerk in the c illectot'a offiee ; that in future all criers for materials and other matters for every department of the Council be signed by the Clerk to the council ; that the tender of Mr. T. Waring for such inside painting and decorating as is required at the two houses belonging to ihs Council, siLuVe off Cross-lane, for the sum of £6 175., be accep'el.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AMBULANCE LITTER.

At a meeting of the General Pu—rp—n;e; Committee a letter, dated July 4'h, was real fr)in Dr. Valtntine, s'Ating that if the Council would accept of tna ambu- lance litter,which is now kvt in Earle-stre)t, the com- mittee who have at preient ch4rge of ths same would place it in a thorough state of repair, wh 3reup In it was resolved that the application b) acceded to suhjact CO toe terms made in the let'er.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE ISIAGISTRATE3 NEEDED.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committm it was resolved that a letter bl forward3d to T.J.Gillespie, Esq , J.P., chairman of the local bench of magistrates, asking him to be good enough to bring under the notice of the Lord Lieutenant of the County the desirability of placing upon the Commssion of the Pet.:4 for this dis- trict additional county magistrates. The Chair nan moved, and Mr. Ormand s c,snded tloa adoption of the minutes, which were agreed to. TRADESMEN'S LICENSES. An application from Mr. J. Miller ef Bridze-st:Tet, Earlestown, fsr the reaewah of a game Tic else was acceded to. It was also dcilel that p Iwo ornkers licenses b granted to M. Wiiiisou 'Dues for Ceti shops in Market-street.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
This was all the business of public interast. NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

THURSDLY..—Before Captain Withington (in the chair), Mr, T. J. Gillespie and Hr. C. B. F. Borron. MINOR CASES.—The following were dealt with for allowing their dogs to be at large —John Thomas, on towpath Sankey Canal, July 31st, tined 3s 61 ; James Thompson, Golborne, Ist August, lined 35 61; Alfred Steele, Hay dock,3olh July, &eel 34 63. The following were dealt with for being drunk and disorderly :—James Retcliffe, Go'borne, 25th July, fined 2s 63 and costs, Frederick Blythe, and John Rock, Goleorne. fined 105 and costs each ; Martin Brogan, Claiborne, 31st July, fined 29 6d and costs. REFUSING TO QUIT —John Brown was summoned for being drunk and refusing to q slit the premises of Henry Wilkinson, Queen Ann Inn, on the 33th July. and also with destroying jugs and glasses to the value of 2,5 6d.—Defendant pleaded guilty.—Henry Wilkinson said on the Saturday night in question the defendant came in his house about 10 o'clock, and wanted to be served. He was drunk and when asked to go out refused, and began to use bad language. Defendant took hold of the table and turned it upside down. He also broke jues and glasses to the amoant of 29 63.—The bench fined him be and costs for being drunk, acd for committing the damage he was fined the dam sge and the cots. CRUELTY' To A HoRSE AT NEWTON. —Samuel Rigby win charged with working a horse at Newton in an unfit state and Jane Johnson was charged witn causing it to be so worked on the 2and July.—lnspector Greatrea who prose- cuted on behalf of the R.S.P.C.A said shortly after 2 o'clock on the Prliay in question, he saw the defendant Rigby in chirge of a grey gelding attached to a flo it. He Saw the animal was in poor condition and on examination after re- I moving the saddle he found an old wound measuring seven Inches which was causing the animal great pain. It also had a bad toot. There was another wound on its off side shoulder the size of a half-crown piece. There was a wound on the off side fore leg, which was causing the animal pain. Defendant said he had come from Parr, St. Helens with it. Witness went to Parr and saw the owner of tho horse Jane Johnson, and she acknowledgel at the time she knew of the sores on the side of the horse. P.C. Clarke gave corrobora- tive evidence. 'the bench fined Jane Johnson 2s and costs and Samuel Rigby lOs and costs. CRUELTY To A HEIFER AT BURTONwoOD,—WIlliain Wars- ley, Burtoawoo3, wait charged with cruelty to a heifer at Burtonwood on the 22nd July. Defendant pleaded guilty.— Inspector Greatrex. R.5.P.0.A., said about one o'clock on the Friday in question, he saw a small heifer of the defendant's I in afield. The animal was about eighteen months old, and was wearing a very gruel yoke round its neck. The yoke was of wo xl with two heavy weights attached. Every time the animal moved in search of food, it was banged on the legs with the irons. Witness Saw the defendant and told him it was a most cruel yoke he had on the heifer. Defen dent said he had put it on to stop it from getting Into another field. After the yoke was moved he found wounds which caused the animal to walk first with One leg lifted up and then another.—P.C. Clarke corroborated. Defendant said the position of the irons on the yolk had been altered since it was taken off the heifer. —Sergeant Cruikshanic said the yolk was just as it was received at the station from the Inspector and P.C. Clarke. It had been kept in a cellar since. The defendant said he placed it on to stop it from straying out of the field. He dll riot intend it for cruelty. The Chairman said they caluiderel it a very bad ease, and fined him 20s and costs.

ALLEGED ASSAULT AT BARLE3TOWS.--Ilaurice McKearn was summoned for assaulting George Harrison, shopkeeper, Barlestown, on the 30th July. Defendant pleaded not guilty.—aeorge Harrison said lie kept a greengrocer's shop. He had an action pending with the defendant in the County Court. On the day in question the defendant came up to him in front of the shop and sent him spinning against some bundles of cabbage, and kicked him and than foll3wed him into the shop. Two witnesses gave corroborative evidence.— Mrs. Harrison. wife of the complainant, said she saw defend- ant kick her husband across some hampers and witness heard him say ••I will give you something to put main the County Court for." The defendant called a Mrs. Williams who said the defendant did not enter the shop at all. Complainant said something and defendant ran at him and fell on his knees at the shop door which was banged in his face.—Mar- garet Musgrove said she was with the last witness, and after I the complainant fell on his knees before the closed door,Mrs. Harrison threw some water on him. Other witnesses corro- borated.—The bench said they were unanimous ire consider- ing the complainant had brought the assault upon himself by his aggravating words, and would dismiss the case. A BREACH OF THE HIGHWAYS ACT.--John Thornley was charged with firing his gun off within 50 yards of the high- way on the 15 July, at Burtonwood. Mr. White, Solicitor, who appeared for the defendant pleaded not guilty.— Catherine Mulaney Amble-lane Cottages, Burtonwood, said on Friday the 15th, of last month she saw the defendant pass her cottage. He had a gun with him, and was walking on the highway at the time. She went to her mother's next daor to ask where the cat was, and she saw Mr. Thorniey shoot the cat with his gun. By Mr. White: she was about 50 yards away when the gun was fired and was not afraid of any danger to herself at the time, Mr. White contended that according to the reading of the act under which the charge was made there was no case its it was not proved that there was danger to any person at the time. The magistrates said their clerk did not agree with Mr. White as to the point in question and the defendant was fined 2s. 6d. and costs, DAMAGING CLOVER.—John Williams was summoned for committing damage to clover root the property of Richard Burn, Golborne. Defendant pleaded guilty. The evidence was that defendant and another man came across the field and they refused to go off when asked. It was a short cut. The damage was Id. The complainant said he wished to press the case as he was annoyed by men passing through the field, The bench fined him 10s. and costs. THEFT OF JAM.—Catherine McCarty was charged with stealing a jar of jam value 90., from the shop of John Howe provision dealer, Market-street, Barlestown. Defendant pleaded not guilty. George Matthew,l3, Taaner-street,Earl- estown.said he was an assistant to Mr. Howe and was behind the counter on the day In question. The defendant came In with another woman and after purchasing some goods she pioked up the jar of jam whilst he was passing behind a partition—James Edward Jeans, cashier. said he saw defendant with another woman make some pur- chases from the previous witness and then pick up the jar of jam and put it under her shawl. He jumped over the coun- ter and confronted her. When he asked her what she had got, she said she would pay for it. Another witness gave corro- borative evidence. P.O. Combs said he charged her with it and she said she was going to the counter for her shawl. In answer to the chairm in one of the witnesses said they had not had a Case in court before, but thefts has occurred and they wished to make an example. The defendant was fined 205., and Costs or 14 days in default. Defendant said she was not guilty and would go to prison. A strange case of sudden death has been reported to the Brentford police. On Saturday night a man named Wallis went home and ate a hearty supper of beefsteak and pickles. The next morning his wife found him dead. A strange eh, cumstanea about the case is that the deceased was found on his back with his fists rigidly extended in a fighting condi- tion. The doctors say they have never seen a man like that In death before.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;lALTY,

===== 0002601_18980812_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
arrington.—Prlnted and published by Jok The Examiner General Printing Works. and Published also at The Examiner Off WIDNES; High-street, 1117IWoR 32, HELF2IIII and 3 Market-street, Is' 12 1892.

===== 0002601_18980812_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
LLICER COt • flew sey-stree t 'Victor's -roe!! ,!.street,

George.stree,

m••••••••• 1 ig .........e..,...

/

1130.16 A 11.1 V

, 1 i ohts

Co. reet• , -MO 0°

===== 0002601_18980812_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Office

===== 0002601_18980812_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-T0.43T,

===== 0002601_18980812_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COTTAGE HOSPITAL FUND. DON'T FORGET RUNCORN CYCLE PARADE AND FLOWER CARNIVAL, WEDNESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 17Tg. From Seven to Nine O'clock. Full particulars, see Programmes.l C°I7OERT AND DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES AT 9.30.

PRIMITIVE METHODIST, CHURCH LEGH- STRICET, EARLESTOWN. On SUNDAY. AUGUS:I 21ST. 1898, TWO SERMONS WILL BE prewhed by REV. H. DAVENPORT. of Chester. Morning, 10-3). Evening. 6-30. In the Afternoon at 2.30 a SERVICE OF SONG, -*Entitled .• TOM COBB'S TEMPTATION," Will be rendered by the Choir. Reader: T. Ormond. Esq. ....____Collections at each Service toward Trust Funds. \AT ARRINGTON WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. THURSDAY AUGUST Mb, PICNIC TO BOLLINGTON, via Rosthorne. Conveyances leave Liberal Club 12-0 Noon. Faro including Tea 35. each. Members and Friends cordially invited. TICKETS from Mr. MITCHELL, Liberal Club.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. APPCIIVTMENT OF DISTRICT MAIN ROADS SURVEYOR. THE Main Roads and Bridges Committee of this Council are prepared to receive APPLICATIONS 40111 Candidates, not exceeding 40 years of age, for the office of DISTRICT SURVEYOR of the Main Roads in the Wirral or No. 1 District of this County,and which at !Present contains 119 miles of Main Roads repairable by the Council. The salary attaching to the office is £2OO Der annum, payable quarterly, and which includes travelling expenses (including horse and trap if re• quired) and office. Particulars of the duties to be performed and the terms of appointment, etc., can be obtained from the 1,-);lidersigned at his office in Chester, to whom applica- tions, stating age, qualifications, and copies of not more „.,""an three recent testimonials,are to be sent,so that the 7,„hLe may be received not later than twelve o'clock noon the 29th day of August instant, and no ap- Ca„'h received afterwards will be entertained. os.:49ssinr, will disqualify. for appointment, but th,l idittes rSay, if tey s desire, send printed copies of corr;r ,131)lieation and testimonials to the members of the f haittee whose names and addresses can be obtained ronl the uadersigned. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the County Council. Ch es-0, sth August, 1893. ,

COUNTY OF CHESTER. NOTICE is Hereby Given, that at the General t 5 Sessions Sessions of the Peace holden at Chester Castle and fair the County of Chester, on the '27chEday of • IE9B. ,IT WAS ORDERED. pursuant to the provisions of the "U L• icensine Acts 1872-1874," that the Meetings ef the ty Li tensing Committees relative to the confirma- tion of New Licences be held as followe, viz. : The ' tleeting of the Chester Licensing Committee on SATUR- .,,;),Y, the Ist day of October next, at Chester Castle, at o'clock noon ; and of the Knutsford Licensing Corn- laittee at the Court House. Knutsford, on MONDAY, the nrotlonti.a9 of :October next, at Two o'clock in the after- e,AZl.,..l3 NOTICE IS HEREBY ALSO GIVEN, that the in'etimeetines on the let and 3rd days of October rca- •io 1P i 1 I be especially convened under the provi- Lieen;; 'hat behalf el:retained in the 32nd section of "The ' deenl:Pg Act, 1874," for the purpose of making (if to tn.... 4 necessary) orders under that section with respect -wne and populous places. et.-esr By the Court, REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the said County. Chester, 9th August, 1223. Co pies of the Regulations with respect te the aforesaid • f!setings and the transaction of business thereat, and 'll the Rules as to the proceedings to be adopted for eobfirolation of New Licences, and the coat to be in- in any such proceedings, and the persons by , ,7,11. urn such costs are to be paid, can be obtained on ap- vocation to the Clerk of the Peace. tASTHAM, THE RICHMOND OF THE MERSEY. 1, THE PLACILTO SPEED A HAPPY DAY. aiinificent Gardens, & Fountains. Grand Dancing Floor. Cosy Arbours. Extensive Woods, °MBINED SWITCHBACK AND WATER RAILWAY. Grand Variety Enterta!nment at 4 and 6 Daily. ' °Voles will be carried free except on Bank Holidays. °on Steamers from South-end Liverpool Landing Stage at frequent intervals. Fare 4d. SCHOOLS and PICNIC PARTIES catered for. Special Week-end Hotel Tariff.

SHREWSBURY. Qr RE A T FLORAL FETE, wuntrEsDAy & THURSDAY. August 17th & 18th, 1898. GREAT NATIONAL FLOWER SHOW. Largest and Grandest Flower Show ever held either in London or the Provinces. NEARLY £lOOO IN PRIZES. tsch the Magnificent BA.NDS (by kind permission) of If"•• ROYAL HORSE GUARDS (BLUE), COLDsTREAM GUARDS, * EiCOTS GUARDS. 105 MAGNIFICENT PERFORMERS AND OTHER MILITARY BANDS. The MARVELLOUS PERFORMERS IN THE Btt&WORLD, who appear AT THIS FETE ONLY. ZUILA& LU-LU—The GREAT HANLON TROUPE ' (10,110 LB. ANIMATA—FOUR NELSON SISTERS- -1116,4T A.THOS TROUPE—BALE TROUPE OF 41>eCLISTS—Tbe PIOITE PINAUDS—RAWSON Aiki`3,l3--PABLO DIAZ—MORRIS t MORRIS—MDDLE. krRLINA—RLLA. Z ULLA IN FAZEWORKS—And Other -.4rvellous Artistes. TIVr, s' GRAND BALLOON ASCENTS, at 4 and 7, EACH DAY. --- lionsE LEAPING CCMPRTITION, £lOO IN PRIZES. GORGEOUS ILLUMINATIONS & FIREWORKS. <UAL EXCURSION TRAINS FROM Preston, Wigan, Warrinston and all parts. ,eISSION :—Wednesday, One o'clock, 2s. 6d. ; after Five, is. Ntrsday, all day from Eleven, ONE SHILLING ONLY. H. W ADRIFT. The W. W. NAUNTON. Hon Secs. `-----___zquare, Shrewsbury. ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. B• NUMID/AN, for Quebec and Montreal... Aug. 18th PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... Aug. 25th LAURRNTIAN,for Quebec and Montreal Sept. Ist e'B* CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal Sept. Bth NUMIDIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... Sept. 15th El"`,. PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montreat—Sept.l22nd Z144,,`°0n Fares from £l2, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 ,"1110 Tickets to all points at special rates. AL° NDlEB.—Handbook, maps, rates, and full particulars 4 application to ALLAN BROTHERS & Co., 19, James- .' or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warrington

- T IVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. calling '(•A 14 at GREENOCK, weather and eiscum- ,.r.k stances permitting OWL AND BEAR cittler Steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). ar,41.,_ AUGUST. r„ 4 LIVERPOOL FROM GLASGOW liZtarence Dock and by train from St. -West Side. Enoch's, Glasgow Illt • to Greenock at 6,58 p m. ktculesday 17th, 9 p.m. Monday 15th, 2 p.m. IttadaY 22nd, 1 p.m, Friday 19th, 2 p.m. .".4S• 2.6 th, 5 p.m.l Wednesday 24th, 2 p.m. t ()111) Monday 29th, 2 p m. or , LURE FARES.—Cabin (single), 105.; return (available tagi,„"°o months), 155.; steerage. (single) be.; SPECIAL k'l 7,1 rn a-0 bln retu (available for ten days), 12s. 6d. ; ....."5t441-'8 return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through t!Yasrin4„,Ll In connect Con with Cheshire Lines between "Ill'n r 4019, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Re- et„. .Aekete are avallahle by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool 0 —4nera A ; to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation 11 nultr 3'. Limited, O. MAOIVER A CO., Managers, AI and rower Buildings, Liverpool.

RUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS f or Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 a 9, Grosvenor-street Lon. don-road, Manchester.

QIMPLY BEAUTIFUL. WEAR THE NATURAL From IMMOVABLE From CURLED SCALPETTRS } 211- FRINGES. 10/8 T. S. BROWN, 3, LEEOE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. _ THAT IDEA OF YOURS. mu NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

W EDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and MATH - DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS. jff WE GLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selectien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and ERIC-A-BRAO. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. v. s. pENNINGTON & Co.. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS. WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63_RaNSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL-63• Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

-W. B. SWEETUAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5. BANELAG-H-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Oerttral Station).

Ice Cream FREEZERS.-1,000 sold ---- Aitoßß.blCopt Neepera at wholesale prices. Also immense A (6 Ice (*lasses. —ELM ARDS AND Co., 108, White- quantity chapel, Liverpool. "ro all Parties Commencing Business.—Where to .1_ Purchase at the Right Price.—GROCHRS' FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit, Tobacconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; a splen- did selection to choose from; inspection invited ; estimates free.—EDWARDS AND Co., 103, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

j3kit-a AI N. --.040-0 wnrth Confectioner'6 GLASSES. latest shapes ; 5 Ovens, 40 Marble Tables, 500 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.-13DWARDS, 108, Whlte-chapel, Liverpool.

SHOOTING SEASON. AMMUNITION and every EAQUIVITE UP TO DATE T. STENSBY, GUNMAKER. 20, HAWOING DITCEI MANOHESTEE. Established 1810.

A VICTORIA POWDER (Registered) is the Safest. Quickest, and Most Certain CURE' FOR HEADACHE, TOOTHACHE, TIC, OR NEURALGIA. Refuse Imitations. 10 in a Packet, 70 Sold by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Dealers. Post FreP THE NORTH END DRUG CO., CHEMISTS, 97, WESTMINSTER-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

NEW HO WE CYCLES 5, BERRY-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Ahead of all ,others for Speed, Lightness, and Comfort. Prices to suit all. W. S. RODGERS, District Manager.

TO HOUSRHOLDRRS. JOINERS, CARPENTERS, And Others. TOOLS FOR SLR.—Choice from the largest and moat varied assortment of Forfeited Pledged MECHANICS', TOOLS. Also CUTLERY, BEDDING, CLOTHING, BOOTS, SHOES, Ac., In the World, at HUGHES BROTHERS, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, CLOTHIRRS, AND TOOL FACTORS. 11. S. 118, and 120, BROWNLOW HILL. Telephone, 5,171

L NU W ORTH, PAPER MERCHANT. CHEAPEST IN THE CITY. SPECIALITIES : Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags. and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to 4 AND C, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

L OOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORHHOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK. COUND THE RIGHT PLACEC I'o BUY FISHING I.TACKLR.-100 Worms in Bag and Moss, 5d ; Hooks to Gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to is 6d per dozen; Gut Casts, three yards,2o,4d, 6d, and 9d. each.; Gut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 2d. two yards 4d, three yards 6d ; Floats, two for Id ;porcupines, Id each; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d, and Is per box. WILL CHAMBER, 25, MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Okle Fishing Tackle Shoppe).

UMBRELLAS UMBRELLAS U THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS ÜBIBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED IN RALF AN RODE FROM 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

ISLE ar MAN.-EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Sundays excepted). From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLAS. Daily lO-30 am and 2 pro I Daily 9am and 4pm EXTRA SAILINGS. Fridays spm& 12 noon Mondays 12-30 am Saturdays spm 12-30 night j DAY EXCURSIONS DAILY. From Liverpool 10-30 am 1 From Douglas 4p m Arrive Douglasabout 2-15 pm I Arrive Liverpool about 1.45 pm And by Saturday's midnight steamer, to return Sunday midnight steamer. LIVESPoOL TO RAmsET.—Direet Mondays and Saturdays. at 12-30 noon. Via DOUGLAS, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thurs- days, and Fridays, at 2 pm. The most enjoyable route to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow is via Douglas. Cheap excursions and short sea passages. Illustrated pamphlets of sailings, &c., free, or postage Id. THE ISLE OF SIAN STEAMPACKET COMPANY LIMITED, IMPERIAL BUILDINGS, DOUGLAS; THOS. ORFORD / SON, 22, Water Street, Liverpool.

• WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. 41.4 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. *TEUTONIC Wed.. Aug. 13 I BRITANNIIO Wed., Aug 24 Sebond Cabin will bd carried on the voyage mariced thus Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore" Apply to MAUL bum, and Co., Liverpool and 34. Leadenhall street, London N.C..

LORD BROS. BIG SALE OF CAPES, COSTUMES, MACKINTOSHES, DRESSES, SKIRTS Bcc. Is NOW ON, RIDICULOUS PRICES IMMENCE REDUCTIONS ASTOUNDING BARGAINS LORD BROS'. 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

(11Q TAM. k./ I.JHANTER AND CIE CE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORMS—VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, Port free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatie tyre and rim. Simplest in the world to detach. Chief DepOts and Show-rooms 35, NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND sAUDNieDtrEiclitSmOaN. mager. Established 1839. Sole kent for Warrington : MR. A. STANWAY, 37. Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn : 21EssuS. HANDLEY AND BECK, Ironmongers.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase gockl reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, And Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes, Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services, Old Silver, Elemtro Plate, Overmantles, Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables, acs., &c, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press ()Onions siy this Establishment is unsurpassed for Style and Assortment. INSPECTION INVI'LED,

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF RAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Ride) From 16e. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 24a, WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 93. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 1, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

S•P•Q.R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY 11 FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIQESTIO NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER FILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price is. lid. Sald by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents), at the Reduced Price of 91d. BOOTS, CASH CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIETORS, HEAD 011110E—NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director, Local Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, An.

DAILY SAILIMOS. NORTH WALES AND BACK THE SAME DAY. THE CHEAPEST AND BEST SEA TRIPS OUT OF LIVER POOL. Best and Quickest Route to Holywell. St. Winefride's Well, Pantasaph. Prestatyn, and Rhyl. The Fast Paddle Saloon Steamer. FLYING FALCON Win Sail from the Prince's Landing-stage and Mostyn (weather and other circumstances permitting), as under : LIVERPOOL to AIOSTYN and Back the same day. Average passage 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers two to three hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots in North Wales. Long day trips, about ten hours ashore. From LIVERPOOL. From MOSTYN. Monday Aug. 15 -0 am Monday Aug. 15 —lO4 am „ 15 -0 pm ~16 ... 8-0 urn Tuesday „16 -0 a m Tuesday „16 .... 8-0 p m Wednesday,„ 17 9-0 am Wednes. „17 ... 12 aeon Thursday „18 9.0 a m Thursday ~ 18 ... 1-0 pm Friday „19 -0 a m Friday „19 ... 2-0 p Saturday 20 10-0 ain Saturday „ 20 ...2-30 p m Single Fare, Is 6d ; Return Pars, 2s ; Bridge extra. Tickets not transferable, and available for day of issue only. Refreshments on board at Moderate Charges. Offices : 27, WATER-STREET, Liverpool. Telephone, 2,334.

LIVER P 0 0 L AND NORTH WALES. The splendid Saloon Steamer SNOWDON will sail (weather and circumstances permitting, TO-MORROW (Sunday) and every Sunday during the season, for Llandudno, Beaumaris, Bangor, and Menai Bridge. leaving Liverpool at 10-45 min., and arriving back about 7-45 p.m. 9 a.m. BANK HOLIDAY. 9.&.e. A SPECIAL CHEAP EXCURSION will ho made this day to above places, leaving Liverpool at 9 a.m. prompt, and arriving back about 8-15 p,m., allowing six hours ashore at Llandudno or three hours at Menai Bridge. For fares and particulars apply to W. H. DODD, 31, Tower Buildings, Liverpool, Telephone 1585.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME, A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS is now being offered by T. CLARKE' EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BX WARD LOCK AND BOWDON. LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent or 43, in the Pound.

EIISTANCE AND CO.'S GREAT WATCH, CLOCK, PLATE, AND JEWELLERY SALE IS STILL CONTINUED DURING ALTERATIONS. DISCOUNT 10 TO 25 PER CENT. 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

BEE WARD AND BAILEY, CHINA MERCHANTS. SHOP AND RESIDENCE 45, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Orates always on band for Shopkeepers.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. AWARD OF GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS. LAVATORIES, -ern HOT WATER SUPPLIES Fitted •up on the Latest and Most Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 18, PARK PLACE, Near lnfirmary, WARRINGTON

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898. HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD MODAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, I'ARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. FREEST MILK TWICE DAILY, SKIM MILK FROM 11 a.m. FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

WORSLEY'S BIG SALE. A SCRAMBLE FOR BARGAINS. TEM IS NOT AN ANNUAL SALE. IT IS NOT A STOCKTAKING SALE. BUT IT IS A GENUINE CLEARING OUT; GET RID OF EVERYTIUNIG SALE OF THE FINEST STOCK EVER SACRIFICED. The Receivers and Liquidators say the stock must be cleared out regardless of cost and without reserve. You are cordially invited to Call and inspect the Stock contained in the Eight Largest Showrooms in the North of England. Every article, without exception, is marked in plain figures. You nr y walk roand and view the goods for yourselves. The prices will more than astonish you, such an exceptional opportunity rarely occurs. FOR FLOM-CLASS BEDROOM SUITES in Chippendale, Sheraton, Pollard Oak, Italian Walnut, dm.. Lc. Come to WORSLEIC'S BARGAIN SALE. For good serviceable DINING AND DRAWING R 0033 SUITES, New and Second-hand, for the Cottage or Mansion, Come to WORSLEY'S BARGAIN SALE. FOR DINING, RAWING, AND SITTING ROOM TABLES. 'Wine, Card, and Occasional Tables, Overmantels, Occasional Chairs, Couches, Sofas, Ottomans, Chesterfields. ac. Come to WORSLEXS BARGAIN SALE, FOR BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING of Every Description, Cots, Ac., FOR AXMINSTER, WILTON. BRUSSELS, AND TAPESTRY CARPETS, In Squares and Piece Goods, FOR CORK, LINOLEUMS, Floor Cloths, Rugs, Mats, Bm. FOR PIANOS, by all the best makers, New and Secondhand, OOBE TO WORSLEY'S GREAT BARGAIN SALE. Our Instructions are Positive and absolute to clear out ,ararything as quickly as possible. Comolete nouns OF FURNITURE, from 10 guineas. to Rl.OOO. Thereto a large and cool REFRESHMENT ROOM, 'where visitors (whether purchasers or not) Can be supplied .with light refreshments gratis. Waitresses in attendance. WORSLEY'S LIMITED (In Liquidation), TAB PANTHEON, GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. BY ORDER OF THE RECEIVERS AND LIQUI DATORS•

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE. FOUNDED 1710. SUM INSURED in 113_97 EXCEEDS £425,000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents '— WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere A Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket- street Messrs. Voisey and Worthlngton;kl King-street Mr. R. Lowe. 1, Bank Street.

DUT TON AND COLYER, 'LAT rwiToli Aida co. IRONLONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all delimitations) of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW.

OPENING OF NEW PREMISES, 15, ST. JAMES-STREET, WARRINGTON. FALSHAW AND LEWIS, GLASS CUTTERS AND GLAZIERS, MOUNT CUTTERS AND PICTURE FRAME MAKERS. Wlaolesale and Retail Dealers in WINDOW GLASS, LOOKING GLASS, ROAL, ROUGH AND POLISHED PLATE GLASS, ENAMEL GLASS, .to. Also a Selection of PICTURES, PICTURE MOULDINGS, PLAIN and FANCY PATTERNS, MOUNTING BOARDS and BACK BOARDS. Glass Cut In small sizes for Forcing Frames, Hot-Bed Frames. go., from lid. per foot. All work practically done and promptly attended to.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Camas, Stack-corners, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, &c., &c. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &0., fitted complete, 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"A 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable allliAND-MADE SILVER EN G LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket. "FOR PIP .113 C SHILLINGS." This watchie timedto a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION! A Bona. fide Written Guarautee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to he obtained only from RUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

„ THE MANCHESTER 1 AILORI NG AND CLOTHING DEPOT, I THE LEADING CLOTHIERS 8 AND 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL SPRING: SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest Patterns! Leading Styles ! I Popular Prices I THE 31.D.C. MEN' SUITS, 18/6 TO 50/ MEN'S TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 16/6 Ready for Wear I Well Made Latest Cut! ! ORDER DEPARTMENT. Tan M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortmeq of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS TO MEASURE from 8/6 TO 18/6 SUIT To MEASURE ' 28/6 ~60/- in High-Class Scotch andEr sh TWEEDS, Blue SERGES, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &c., &c. VALUE UNEQUALLED. THE M.C.D. YOUTHS' AND JUVENILE DEPARTMENTS. TO MEET THE GROWING TRADE The preparations in these Departments have never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING. THE M.C.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITS. All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, W ARRINGTON.

_DADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should immediately EArars pILLS. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE'S plus. been rece'ved from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE'S pxus. the wonderful r weer these Pills have in giving relief in the very EADB'S pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly safe In their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GAUT " 18,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds May 2nd, 1894. RHEUM A TISM "Dear Sir,-1t is with unlsounded pleasure I send you a few lines in Gm"' praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had thrae months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doe.ar, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R DIMMATIBM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HE my being laid up again. Ever aince, when I have bad the least pain I have taken 2 s.nd I have been all Pills again RHIUMATISS &godly. I WOULD NOT Rh WITHOUT I GOUT THEM IF THEY COST tyh s t andm ak ONE POUND A BOTTLE. ItHEUMATISId wThouateruesequyiotue liatkeliotafsr t GOUT eau be pleased tu answer any mpeer(eusuffe joeiriengr wiihtao.o;eredsultodrsverisst)e. R u TESII Mpg you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT plomrrAtv." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIO PILLS Ate sold by all Cheamists, in Bottles, Is. lid. and 25. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORIGH BADE, 72, QOBWELL-ROID, 8.0. Ask for and be sure youLobtain ICADB'S GOUT AND AIM- MATZO PILLS. E A DIE xF3 PILLS

ONE THIRD OF ,YOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP ON _OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-5 WOOL BEDS, 10/91 PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTRESSS, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES. 12/9 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT 2.8. 6D. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GUARANTEED SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG 131 DSTEADS. 138. 11D.WIRE MATTRESS. Sc. 9n. BASSINETTES AND MAILCARTS FROM 255. Note the Address : LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ORFORD LANE FLINT GLASS WORKS, WARRINGTON. IMPORTANT NOTICE. The LAND and BUILDINGS of these Works being now ON SALE, the Proprietors have decided to Dispose of their present STOCK of HMI CLASS CUT AND MOULDED TABLE GLASS to the General Public Privately, on their premises as above, at VERY GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. The goods can be purchased daily lietween 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. On Saturdays until 1 p.m. August. 1898.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. AU Work Guarantt ed for 12 Months. Also Repsirs In CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTER MARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

I WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. PDI4 by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIeTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including tile round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur. chaser. Finger size-cards post free.--EII•STADICIz AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and Cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Canister 5d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES Arm SON, WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

TEETH.—A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. 10 years' warranty. SAM WOODS, Esq.. M.P., says in his testimon at "They are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable, and ale a credit to you.' H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BEWSEY-STREET, WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS.

THE BEANCO CYCLES MAN UFACT URED BY BANENDALE & CO AN CHEST'ER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

The St. Roliox goods station,helonging to the North British Railway Company, at Glasgow. was destroyed by firs ou Monday morning. After the outbreak the flames spread se rapidly that the firemen concentrated their efforts to save the adjoining sheds. The station, which was one of the largest on the system, was Ilia with general merchandise. At the Birmingham Assizes on Monday Mrs. Byng, of Adam, was awarded £2O daoeages against John Revno!ds, the famous football player, now ot the Glasgow Celtics, tor the seduction of her daugutar by the defendant and loss of her services. • DON'T-PA-SS-THIS ! Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Back. Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism. and Gout will find Is Positive Cure in Holdroyel's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price. Is 10., of all Chemists, or poet free tor 12 stamps, from HOLDROYVIS, Medical Hall, Checkheaton. Yorke. Sold at 30, Bridge-street, Warrington. Don't be pet off. If you Cap" not get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sent next post.—Advt 3 ArAta: 1,-,Ntiltr! ' • ! ,-1 .1 • lifeft • GENIIINE ITALIAN MANDOLINES, oy not,ect Makers at greatly reduced Prices Boorrnens rr Iso BANJOS, GUITARS. VIOLINS, &a. aa ARCHER AND soy s, 45-49, LORD-STRBBT, LIVBRPOOL. Established Iliad Telephone 56154

Hints on Cooking Corn Flour. Notwithstanding the wide use of Corn Flour, particularly in summer, as a cool and refreshing Blanc-mange, many fail to bring out its true and delicate flavour. To thoroughly enjoy a Blanc-mange : FIRST.—Make wholly with good sweet milk without any addition of water, and do not use too much Corn Flour. (21 ozs of BROWN & POLsoN's "PATENT" Corn Flour to two pints milk is the right proportion.) SECOND.—BIend the Corn Flour with a little of the milk, bring the rest to the boil, take off the fire, and add the Corn Flour slowly. THIRD.—Then boil well, in fact, boll down to three-fourths of the original bulk, which will take about ten minutes' boiling. To use warm, turn out when cold, and reheat in the oven. FOURTH,—And above all, use only and always the recognised best— BROWN & POLSON'S "PATENT" CORN FLOUR. It is more delicate in flavour and goes further than others. One pound of Brown & Poison's Corn Flour will make twelve one-pint puddings. Thus the cost of the Corn Flour in a pudding is so small, that everyone can afford to have the best. Ask for BROWN & POLSON'S CORN FLOUR —''PATENT!' is their BEST QUALITY—and be sure that you get it.

flottlo, 3OptirolS, ffioartitng Otaabif. BOSCOBBL HALL, B 011BNHMOUTIL—Comfortable Boarding House, over see. Every comfort ; 36.. x

pLACEPOOL.—HOLIDAY and CONVALSaUSNI:I-IDMI4 11 STATION-ROAD, SOUTH SHORE (formerly Arnold House). WOMEN, 12s. 6d., MEN, 14s. per week, Board in- cluded. Exclusively for Working People. All applications (by letter only) to be addressed to the Hoe. Director, 32, Church- •treet, Manchester. (Miss) S. G. MAX WHLL, Secretary.

LANDUDNG—The CLIFTON BOARDING ESTAB- -LS LISHMENT and RESTAURANT close to station and Promenade, good accommodation for cyclists, parties catered for, liberal table ; terms moderate.—Apply K. Joggs, Pro- prietress. LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, EU STUN SQUARR. HOME COIC/ORTS, CrolAinnues AND QUIET. CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

QOUTHPORT.—SIINNYSIDB tilltDßO, Physician : Dr. BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport. centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from Ts 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BOOCOCK, Proprietor.

?THE BLACKPOOL RBSTAURANT and CATERING CO., 1. 22, Church-street, Blackpool, INV.TB APPLICATIONS for Tenders from Large and Small Parties. Choirs, Sunday School Teachers and Scholars, Mothers' Meeting Treats, or any other assembly. Our tariff is of the very best, at moderate charges. Dining and Tea Rooms are lofty and spacious.—Apply to W. P. PARKER.

HOTEL-lEEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATH When requiring NEW CARPETS, FURNITURH, RHIJ'HOLSTERING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING. Ac. Designs and Patterns Seat on Application. Note Address,—CHARLIIS SOUTROUN & CO., LTD., 38, O. and 42, BASNETT-STREST, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 6367.

BLACKPOOL.— (North). Comfortable APARTMENTS; Public or Private : near See, Station and Amusements. MRS. /AYCOCK, Osborne House, Mlgh-street. BLACKPOOLNIrs. REESTRRW 38. Templeton-terrace, North Shore. flood BEDS and Coking; two minutes from sea; near Hydro; piano.

rip AMSEY.—SLEDRINGHAM HOUSE, Ballure-mount, lid charmingly situated. facing the sea ; comfortable APAHTMENTo, publio room, baths, hot and Gold ; terms moderate.—Stamp for reply, Mrs. WHITTAKER.

InOUGLAS, ISLB OF MAN.—Comfortable APART- MENTS with or without board, Mrs. Vwn,ltanehester House 5, Castle Mona Avenue, Broadway; within a few ards of shore and bathing ground. Terms, bed 28, or tea ed and breakfast 3s 6d.

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY DIRECT.—There- .I. fore, Telephone Avenue 5,891." or Telegraph Subas- Ira!, London" (A. 8.0. Code used) or write THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL C0..19 and 20,WATER-LANB.GREAT TOWER-STREET LONDON. E.C. The Best and Cheapest NON-CORROSIVN MACHINERY and ENGINE OILS in the World. Send for FREE ORDER FORM and PRICE MST. IT WILL FAY YOU.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS. IMITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulmo. Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of angineering work promptly. Catalegueof wheel and pulley uatterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

pA TB BT OFF MANCHESTER. BIM/HASHED IN 1835. Messrs . GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 9C years' personal experience in connection with thia Establish • ment, and possess praeticalknowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron rrmnutaottares. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price ed. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price ls. GEORGES DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., 1.1.13. A„ 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

ALL LADIES will be glad to hear that Mrs. M. Damemu, CERTIFICATED MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructions and irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in long-standlng obstinate cases. It cannot tail, and Is perfectly harmless. Do not trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant people, they never send you the right remedy. If you have already done so, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and you will not be deceived. You will dud that it is always cheaper to come to the right place first. Below are some testimonials received. The etlginals of these, with thousands of others. can be seen any time. From Mrs. Chetham : "Madam, will you kindly send again one bottle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted splendidly. I enclose &c."—Mrs. Binnze " Kindly torward by return of st a bottle of your Female Mixture. It put me all right last oime, and I trust it will do so again." —From Mrs. 11,etehee t " Madarce, I received the Mixture all right, and I tc.ok the doses as stated ; it did all that was , needed, for which I thank you very much.''—Mrs. S. writes from Sheffield " lam pleased to tell you your medicine did all that was required, though I thought it had failed, tor I had the last dose thirty hours before any change took , place. I had the last dose OR Sunday, and all was right as possible Tuesday aftetnoon. liverything had been as well as it was possible. Had I written toyou at first, I should have been over £2 in pocket. Yen may show this letter, but cover name and address."—Mrs. Itryan writes: "Madam, am glad to be able to report that the last two doses have ad the desired effect. I shall recommend your remedy to II my married friends. I think it is excellent, and should be in difficulty again myself, should at once apply to you." —From Mrs. Garside : " I have much pleasure in sending you news of having relief the first morning, for which I an, very thankful indeed. I shall always feel grateful for your Mixture, and if I need anything again, will send to you." Address mas. DA,MBRAU. Milton Cottage, Forest kill, London

G-. H. & H. A 1.% JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS,, 59, 61, 63, CHuRcH_B.TREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFah."I3D.

Lady's Gold English Lever WATCH. Payments taken. in Heavy 18et Gold Cases; by that well-known maker. J. HARRis,Man- £7 10 ehester. Note the price S. OD.

Gent's Solid Gold Curb RING, very Payments taken. massive, only £1 is. 6D.

SPECIAL. Payments taken. Splendid OVBRMANTLB, British Plate Bevelled edges, very massive. £4 10 Cheap at S. O.

Really Cheap SlORBOARD.bevelled Payments taken. plate back. Very massive well made. i'ds 15 Cheap at S. OD.

Parlour SUITE, Embossed Velvet Payments taken with Patent Girder Brace, which was Introduced a few years ago as a complete full and final cure for creaky chairs has now got iteelf firmly established in the market and chairs fitted with this Brace are pre- ferred before all others by every hlusa furnisher desirous of main- taining a reputation for selliPg sound and reliable Goeds. Note the t 10 price S. OD•

A Large Aesorbment of Parlour and Bedroom CASPIT at coat price on Sale. Note the Addren : 59, 61, AND 63. CHURCH-STREET.

_L L, A), W. _U.ADWARDS, SHOP, OFFICF, AND HOTEL FITTER, JOINER. AND SHOP FRONT BUILDER, 83, VICTORIA-STREET, LIVERPOOL. SHOPS FITTED COMPLETE FROM £lO TO £5OO NEW AND SECOND-HAND FIXTURES AND FITTINGS ALWAYS IN STOCK. ESTIMATES HER IN TOWN OR COUNTRY.

URGLAR and firel rout SAFE, by Hipkine; Chubbs double locks; holdtast bands ;48x28 x 26 ; £l5. Also two mat ler ones, 45s each.—Edwards, 83,Victoria-st., L'pool. _ X/T ILNER'S SAFE, Burglar pr. of Holdfast Bands. list 3 .1. two drawers; powder-proof locks ; cost new £45 my price £2l two smaller £6 65,—Enwanne, 83, Victoria street Liverpool. DERBYSHIRE SPAR and TUFA for,Rockeries, &c.—JOHN BOND. Beeley, near Rowsley.

cHENWARE and China.—Seconds £2 crate: Bests JO £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 64.; write for 1819.— WEBB AND Co., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton.

FOE SALE, Six Cottages, near centre of Warringt,on ; free from ground rent. and straet already made.—Apply to J. NASSEY Mineral Water Manufacturer. 77,Ellesmere-street, Warrington.

YOIENIST will forward particulars of A valuable DIS- COVERY for DULL SPIRITS. NERVOUS EXHAUS- TION Ao. Stamp for reply to M. 20, EXAMINER OFFICE, Warrington.

£lOO " HOW I make £lOO yearly certain from 25 . Hens kept in absolute coafinement." Anyone can do it. Pamphlet showinz method, 15. Id.-110GERs, 69, Cieorge-street, Oxford.

OBBIEN'S I3ILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapest. Tables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered.---.1, O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

w,'ity NOT WRITE to-clay for Easy SELF MEASURE- MENT ,FORMS, and get yoetr Clothing at first cost p SUITS from 223. 6d.. TROUSERS, 6s. 9d. Only a poitcard —Pacracrox Enos , Atlas Works, Jackson-street, Derby.

JADYwIII dispose of black Crepon DRESS PlECE,Leauti- A ful brocade, 6 yards. cost 29s ed accept les 6d. Also beautiful buckhorn, gold mounted (hall-marked) Umbrella, Fox's frame, worth 2 guineas. take 14s 6d. Approval free.— Address Miss D. CHANTEY. Elston.

iI_TOW TO ENSURE HRALTH."—Ott the Laws Govern- -In_Lg Life, and the Cruses, Symptoms and Treatment of all Diseases depending on Nervous Debility, Mental and Physical Depressi n, PalpitAtion of the Heart. Noises in the Head and Eir. Sent post free two stampe.—MES9lls. BARNES AND C0.,48, Lonedalo-9quare, Thornhill-road, London, N. x

ACLERGYMAN will tell you HOW TO MARE ARTIFICIAL HONEY for 2rl a pound, to he sold at 0,1. a pound. Children sell it. Ladies make 10s weekly by it. Try it. There's money In it. No deception. 13 stamps. —ltkv. T.. Tannerdy Cottage. near Carmarthen.

66 I 1 ARDEN NETTING.”—CIood and strong. well oiled and ir dressed, mesh made to keep smallest, birds from Buds. Blooms, and Seeds in the ground. Price 100 by 1 yard s, wide, 3s. 2 yards wiie, 68. ; 3 yards wide. S Carriage paid ordersover ss. in value. Any length and width s up- Plied ; use in the Royal gardens. —A. POTTER. Wolverhamp ton.

IDROTECT YOUR GARDENS from RAVAGES of BIRDS. -11- —.TANNED NETTING. 35 square yards for IS. Will not rot if left out in all weathers ; send sny width • carriage paidlon all orders over ss. As supplied to the Royal Gardens. Sent on approval. Hundreds of te,tlmonials. Common netting, 50 yards for Is.—From HENRY J. Gessox, Garden Net Works. Rye, Sussex.

MAGAZINE HAND CAMERA, carries 12 plates. Achromatic lens with stops, view finder, time and instantaneous shutter, spring release. Icc., 18s 6d ; cost double. Smaller one takes 6 plates. 10s 6d ; both new and in good working order; approval anywhere.—THOMAS, 130, Uxbridge-road, Shepherd's-bush, London, W.

ENTS I TENTS! —Suitible for Gardens. Cricket, or A Camping-out purpeses. 40 feet in circumference, Pegs, pole, mallet, and lines complete (with tent bag included) These tents are white, and have only been used a little by Her Majesty's Government, and originally cost over £6 each. I will send one complete for 255. Can be sent on approval. N. 8.—1 have a quantity of tents from 158 to 20s each, but the tents which please My customers are those I send out at 25s each. Carriage paid. Price List of marquees (any sire) post free. I DO NOT REQUIRE PAYMENT TILL YOU HAVE RECEIVED AND APPROVED OF THE TENT.— From H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

ASTOUNDING OFFBR.—Te people of this County. As an advertisement for one month to the first 200 apply- ing we will supply our noted Gentleman's blue or black Serge Lounge Suit for business wear at the low price of 13s. 3d. Car- riage paid : valued by experts and customers at 40/-. Send postcard for free patterns and tape measure, which you can keep. We are fair traders and will keep our word. We fit any s're gentleman up to 46 chest, same price 13s. 3d. The " bigger the better," font miss th,s great chance. Cut this notice out and get a'postcard and address it to-- WARD'S Vi- Clothing Company, Gateshead-on-Tyne, England, N. Es- tablished 1220.

SACRIFICI.—Eadp will dispose two pairs real itney BLANKETS, full sized. unused, worth 455., accept 21s ; approval before payment.—Address Box 19, Economic Advertising Co., Worcester.

B DRESS PIECE.—Lady wanting each wishes to 1./ sell beautiful silk brocaded black CreponlDress piece (6 Yards). worth 4s 11d, per yard ; accept 19s. 6d.—Approval willingly.—Address Box 13, Economic Advertising Company. Worcester.

goalts nv Zuttion Telephcne No. 55. e ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, egs to announce that he has removed his Offices to the more convenient premises NO. 1 BANK STREET, The Ground Moor of the Central Sale Rooms.

-j?ECORDE CYCLE COMPANY, 107, BOLD-ST., ti LIVERPOOL. New Machines, Detachable tyres, guaranteed twelve months. £7 IN. • Our £l2 12L. Machine to first 103 customers from this Depot £9 10s., fitted with inch pitch roller chain. Second-hand Pneumatics in stock front £4 ; Cushion tyre machines £6 new. RECORDE CYCLE CO., BIRMINGHAM & LIVERPOOL Telephone 6510. Liverpool.

METO regards N iquality, finish, absolutely e GENT'Swit fromutrival £lO 10s. LADY'S from £ll. Large stock of Beat Swedish Weidless Cycle Tubes and Fittings of all sizes, Plaiting, Enamelling, Turcing, Brazing. and Wheel Building for the Trade. MOONLIGHT MA.NUIPICTURING COMPANY, WORKS—Edgevale, Smithdown-lane, Liverpool,

BOYS' ANDGIRLS' MACHINES. - THE FAMOUS JUVENILE MACHINE KNOWN AS THE RIDGFIELD Is the finest Juvenile Machine in the market being built in exact fan-simile of a first-class high grade Machine, ball bearings throughout, brake, mudguards, beet weldless steel tubing, pneumatic Tyres. thickly plated and enamelled yellow or black rims, eelvet handles. pump, am In three sizes 22, 24, and 26 inch wheels. PRICE £6 15s. OD. What the Cycling papers 88, :- " The Wheeler "—First-class line. "Football and Cricket News —Handsome and Excellent "Birmingham Daily Post "—Dainty, Cheap and Good, " Sports "—ExcelleKt. " Cyclers News "—Suit those in search of good machines. " Scottish Wheelet "—Well constructed and cheap. " Scottish Cyclist "—Neatly designed and well finished. "Irish Cyclist "—Glad to note their beautlful construction. WORKS : -18 AND 20, MULBERRY-STREET, BEHIND BRAZENBOSE-STREE r, ALBERT SQUARE, MANCHESTER, Sent direct on receipt of Post Order or Cheque. Guaranteed 12 months. Special terms to Purchasing Agents. AGENTS WANTED. Marko, 33u5int550., ttr.

WARRINGTON.— BABY linen and DRAPBRY Business, old-established ; principal street ; owner retiring.... Apply Mr, R. LOWE, estate agent, 1, Bank-street, Warring- ton.

VOlt BALE. Greengrocery and Fruit Business. together 12 with good hawking round; good reasons for leaving ; going in public business; splendid opportunity. Apply bg. W ESTGA TE, Burnley.

CONFECTIONERY, Bread, Pastry, Drinks, Ice Cream BUSINESS established 7 years cash trade, splendid position, roomy living place, bath lavatory, w.c. rent lls, weekly and rates, cost £lOO, but owing to illness, would accept £7O, or reasonable offer.—Apply personally 17b, ASHTON-NEW-ROAD, Beswlck, Manchester.

pI TT S'S LONDON-ROAD, ill AN CHES TER . THE RENOWED GENERAL FURNISHERS. LARGEST AND BEST SELECTED STOCK. CHEAPEST HOUSE IN TAB KINGDOM. DITTS'S FOR DINING-ROOM FURNITURE. Amer-- can Walnut Suite, in morocco and hair, cost 38 guineas, for £lB lOs ; another In brown oak, equal quality, 15 guiness ; similar suite in Spanish mahogany, grand bar- gt.in, £l6 10s, cast £45 ; special complete Dining-room, in I American walnut; Suite, upholstered in rich Utrecht velvet ; sideboard, with bevellet glasses, cupboards, drawers, &a.; telescope table, overmantle, carpet, fender, and brasses com- plete, for 30 guineas, worth at least 60 guineas. This bargain should not be missed, as the same opportunity may never occur again; another equally good value in brown oak, for 27 guineas ; similar in Spanish mahogany for 32 guineas. Greed Dining-room Salle, in best, Arabian saddlebags, beautifully mounted with rich long-pile Utrecht velvet, includes couch, pair of luxurious Divan easy chairs, and the small chairs, forming a really serviceable suite, price 16 guineas, cost 38 guineas ; another quite as good value, for 13 guineas; one at 10 guineas. Special attention is directed to this magnificent suite in saddlebags, including handsome srttee, tyre large club Divan easy chairs, and 12 (or six) ' padded-back single chairs, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed), cost 60 guineas not six months since, will take 32 guineas ; another grand Suite. 25 guineas ; also one slightly soiled for 18 guineas, worth double. Sideboards, Table, Overmantels, in oak, walnut, mahogany, in endless variety, and at all prices. -DITTS'S FOR DRAWING-ROOM FUItNITURE.—MaR- -1. nificent assortment of Suites in Chippendale,inisid rose- wood, walnut (Italian and Circassica), covered in rich silks, satins. brecatellas, Genoa velvet. plush tapestry, to., from 5 guineas up to 60 guineas. Exquisite Suite,artistic in design and finish solid rosewood. beautifully inlaid, upholstered throughout with curled hr.ir,and Genoa velvet; Overntantels, Cali et, occasional, wine, and card tables,all inlaid to matcb. Carpet, rug, Brass Fender and Prasses,Clook and Ornaments, the complete room for 90 guineas, worth double, or any article will be sold separately. Other rooms complete for 60 guineas, 30 guineas, down to 22 guineas. Luite, gem, cost 60 guineas. Pitts's price 20 guineas. Pianos in rosewosid and walnut, by good makers, from 15 to 60 guineas. Parlour and sitting-room Suites, from £4 15s. Just note this sitting room complete tor nine guineas. Has suite in solid mahogany and hair or leather, containing Couch, two Easy and small Chair, Side- board, Table, Carpet and Fire Brasses. -.PITTS'S FOR BEDROOM FURNITURE, unequalled in J_ quality by any house in Manchester. Majestic lit. Wardrobe, superbly carved, fitted and lined onnplete, large bevelled glass coor, cupboard, ac , pair of handsome Toilet ' Tables, with tine marble top, and containing every conveni- ence ; Pedestal Towel Rail, and Chairs, complete. cost 130 , guineas, for 50 guineas ;also similar Suite, with Sit Wardrobe , for 40 guineas ; American Walnut Suite, large Wardrobe, : fully enclosed ; Dressing Table, Washstand with marble slab, Pedestal Towel Rail and Chairs cost 70 guineas, for 3) guineas ; another for 35, Innumereble suites in ash, mahogany, walnut, satin walnut, birch, &a., to choose from Entire centents of Bedroom for £7 10s, worth £l4 ; contains Wardrobe, pair of Toilet Tables, Chest of Drawers, Pedestal Cupboard, Towel Rail. three Chairs, and Toilet Glass. brass mounted Bedstead, Mattress, Wool Bed, Bolster, and two Pillows, Carpets, Fender and Toilet Ware, all complete ; largest and finest array of Bedsteads anywhere ; massive all-brass Bedstead, with spring mattress, bed, bolster and pillow, £6 10s worth £l2 ; brass-mounted Bedsteads. spring mattress and wool mattress, all full size and best quality, for £2 les; hundreds to select from. Immense stoek of second-baud and new Toilet Were, from Is 6d to £5 Per set ; real hand-painted set for 12s 6d. pITTS'S ROUSES OF FURNITURE at 15t, 2ii, 28}, 38i. 50, 75, up to 1,500 guineas are still urrivalled not only let the Quantity of Goods, but more especially for the Quality, and slould he Seen by every young couple desirous of obtaining the Utmost Possible Value for their hard-earned money. pITTSN FOR OARPNT AND FLOOR COVERING-S.— All British made. Largest, best and cheapest stock. pITTSB PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, Lamps, China, Glass, Earthenware. Magnificent display- in Show Windows, which are 250 feet long. plT3B's FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE.— Every description of Bookcases, Secretaires. Desks, Stools, Chairs, Sates, Copying Presses, at about half city prices. Best selection and utmost value at SAMUEL PITTS. Established 1845, LONDON-ROAD (Close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just through South JunOlon Railway Arch., - Asdwiek.Longsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the Door.

HIGHIIST AWARD AT THE EXHIBITION. GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. T. DAINTITH, GUN AND. CYCLE MANUFACTURER, SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND cYCLES, ROVER, CENTAURS ARIELS, AND OTHER MAKES OF CYCLES. New Business Address :- 121, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

/PRE MISSES RIMMER, Sen. Ma. Cert. R.A.M., 23, WILSON PATTBN-STREET, WARRINGTON, School will RE-OPEN (DV.) September 14th, lists of Passes, Fees, Testimonials, etc., on application.

WARWICK }WINE SOHOOL.—POULTON-LE-FYLDE. 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident English and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. PrincipaL—MlSS ROGERSON. Governess- Pupil wanted.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM will begin on TUBS-DAY SEPTEMBER 13T. THE HEAD 11ASTISH will be at home to interview parents on Saturday, September 10th and Monday, September 12th. PROSPECTUS, Au, ON APPLICATION.

TEE MOST VALUABLE APPOINTMENTS ARE OBTAINED BY JOINING SKERRYS PREPARATORY COLLEGE ESTAB. 1878, Glreatest Tutorial Institution United King- dom. DEPARTMENTS—Civ-A Service, University and Professional, Business Training Aggregate First Year's Salary of Successful Students daring 1897 amounted to £31,860. NEW STUDhNTS (Oral and Postal), now being enrolled. Fullest details in the Guide and Prospectus, post free. CinrlCE9 AND CLAN-32°031s Ballwin Buildings, 5, BOLD, ST., LIVERPOOL.

'MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL FEE £4 4s. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM begins TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13th, ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12th. at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, Ic., may be had at the Schnl. N.R.—The Boarding-houseiu connection with the School Is situated In Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

- - - MIN/MM.—Cottages 4s. 9d., 3s, 6d. and 2a. Bd. per week. 10, WELLINGTON STREET, rent ss. 21, PERCY STREET, rent 48. 6d. 29, CUMBERLAND STREET. rent 4s. 16. LITTON'S ROW,rent 2s. 6d. DALLAkt LANE FOUNDRY with pow ; D. 17. W Railway siding. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street Was, rington. Telephone—No 55.

ditortePo MORTGAGES, all amounts from £2OO to £20,000, at low rate of interest. J. E. HAGUE, Neills' Buildings, 43, Spring Gardens (corner Fountain-street), Manchester,

to be £150,000 ILVIMEOOE. moERcRENAG 1 in bUSIS to suit BORROWBAS in any part of the COUNTRY._ J. W. READER, 6, Cook-st., Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

NO PRELIMINARY PbES CHARGED. MONEY LENT P.IiIVATELY TO FARMERS, TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, In sums of £lO up to £5OO. ON BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than iusually charged. Repayments arranged to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKRN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accoun- tant, ,20. Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK 10, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHESTER. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy. instalments, or in one sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No prelizninarr fees charged.—Apply to MR. RICHARD WOOD, Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR. JOHN H. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCBti PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working•men, and all respectable Householders, ou their own security. 40111IY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DRBTS, Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, in your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply t.t VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and In WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District amorally ramte precisely the same attention.

UNION CREDIT BANK. LIMITED. Establithed 1838. Registered Capital £100,060 Head Office. 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. &c., at the following scale of charges :- 210 repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9, 250 20s. „ P 9 99 £3 Bs. Bd. £lOO „ 40s. £6 16s. 0d). Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application. • RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.l3.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2f to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

BUSINESS IS BUSINESS and it is very UNIBUSINEiSLIKR to ruin or jeiipardiss your BUSINESS fdp want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difficult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS• lines is th,. only genuine way of doing BUS I ESS. MR. 'W.SrJwAIT,. 21 COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER, Has large invested funds and will advance sums to re- sponsible Persons from RIO to £lOOO on proper BUSINESS terms at reasonable interest and easy repayments. Advances also on Morgages and Revereions. This is BUSINESS I STRICT I PRIVATE 111 GENUINE 1! ! I Personal calls or letters receive prompt attention..

FIEL DING'S LIMITED. LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established ever 50 years. LOANS £3 TO £5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Ass (awe Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. 215 repayable 7/6 per wk. Lb ~ 2/6 ~ £2O ~ 6/- „ £25 ~ 12/6 .. Letters with a stamp will renelve prompt attention. Oflice hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADS WORTH. District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON _

NOTIL—NO PRELIMINARY PBXS. MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale, Publicity, or Fees. from one month to five years. rr if E NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS-STREET. Established 272. MANCHESTER. Capital. £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICB.—Th,,s Bank dees not charge reeliminary or inquiry fees, rid the usual objectional Doan orfum routine is eatirely dispensed with. Apply in strictest confidence to Mr. ROBERT JAM S'S, Resident Manager, NOTE.—SPEOIALLY nAnvANTAGEous mums. f LOANS on LIFE INSUGANOU POLICIES. RIIVEIZSIOor and SECOND MORTGA LS. NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES.

CAUTION.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CanTrox.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. Paoli: WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " HLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN. was deliberately untrxe, which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—Sne Tintee, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. 10., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 64. None is genuine without the words "DE. 3. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. D aFENPORT, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury. Lonlon From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CC., HOrtiCalitle,. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne hamar practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direc%Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and Irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians, that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864.

RENOWNED Fort TOW LE ."4 CH LORODYNE COUGHS, TO W LE'S C a LOR OD YNE BRONCHITIS, IN CoNsumpTiow, TOWLE'S k/HLORODY NE ASTHMA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE SPASMS. &a TOWLE'S CH LORO DYIN E 130. per Bottle, A. P. TOWLE EJ.A.NCILESTER,

DON'T I'VASTE MONEY ! By Purchasing unxecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by us in ONE ?}MAY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently'small quantities. --- PRESS OPINIONS. " We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "is here propoundei."—" Peter- borough Standard." " An experience of several years justifies th,rpronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and more costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." " The firm has a high reputation and standing. and we commend. them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright dun i g the corning season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times." -- LIST OF VEGI TABLE AND PLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain ing Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, Bandy Plants, U., with descriptions and cultural directions, and 500 Illustrations, the whole forming a eomplete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

T. BIRTLES, PHOT OGRAPHER, LEGII HOUSE STUDIO. ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN PHOTOGRAPHY. CABINET PORT.RAI TS A SPECIALITY. ALL CHILDREN'S PORTRAITS ARE TAKEN INSTAISTANtiOUSLY.

FR NE's J. J DELL lioua DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER. GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always in Stock. 30, SANKEY-STREET, WAR RINGTON.

WIDOW WELCH'S FILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHFARS. Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch. continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its justoelebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained far it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithere, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the °Weide libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & Sox, 157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly o 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Governmen Stamp, Said in boxes at Is. 9d. each; by most Chemists.

PRINTING! . PRINTING ! UNDERTAKE • PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIET IRS, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, - PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, WINDOW BILLS. PLACARDS, &c: PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GIiARDIANS, PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD,, Single Sheet sft. 3in. by 3ft. 9in. THE LaROEST IN THE DISTRICT. A MONSTRE PLACARD may be foamed by joining a number of the " LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. MAMMOUTH POSTBUS. A SPECIALITY MAMMOUTH POSTERS. LANGE TYP IS MAMMOUTH POSTICIS. FOR MAMMOUTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MA ',MOUTH POSTE ti S. POSTER MAMMOUTH POSTERS. Produced in the Count. MAMMOUTH POSTERS. THE WARRINGTON "EXAMINER," PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CONVERSAZIONE PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES, PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR ETES, THE BXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER WHICH COMPRISE THE Warring/an and Mid-Cheshire Examiner pub- lish d Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and Magee, and a la, ge agricultural tract. THE Earlestown and Texcton Examiner and Askon Golboxne. awl Ilaydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire eoal field. rr HE St. Helens Examiner and Preseot Weekly New pu blishe4 Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom. &c. THE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday morn- ing. It i$ the only Weekly Paper in the•distriet, an offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. T" sd.„ Examiner, published Friday, morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest numl:er of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Lege Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary) are inserted ' n all the above papers at one charge. Each fd the abwe papers consists of 8 rages. SE, long an wide columns,each column.admitting more matter than th columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atten tion of both advertisers and subscribers, Each Examine in dition to giving the local intelligence of the district. in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

DO NOT tiNTIMELY DIU SORE THROATS CURED WITU ONE DOSE FENNINGS FEVER CURER. Bowel Complaints cured with One Dose. Typhus or Low Fever cured with Two Dosee. Ziptheria cured with Three Doses. Scarlet Fever cured with Your Doses. Cholera cured with Five Doses. Influenza cured with Si, Doses. Sold in Bottles, le. lid. each, with full direc- tions, by all Chemists. Read FIiNNINGS' EVERYBODY'S DOCTOR." Sent post free for 13 stamps. A. FENNINGS WEST COWES, LW. 1

COOPER AND 00.`S TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. THE BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED. LEADING PRICES. 1/2, 1/4, 1/6 & 1/8 PER LH " Unequalled for PURITY, FRAGRANCE and STRENGTH. COOPER AND SMOKED HAMS. PINBST QUALITY 10 to 121ba. eacb-6d„ sia., and 7d. per lb. BOILED IFTAMS. SPECIAL QUALITY. Whole 8 to 9 lbs. each Cuts, any size lld. per lb. Sliced As. per lb. VI ESE are GUARANTEED the FINEST QUALITY PROCURABLE, and are cooked by an entirely NEW METHOD, whereby the rich flavour of the Meat is fully retained. Boned and Dressed reacy for the Table. Fully Detailed Price Lists Free. Central Warehouses— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON Local Branch :- 4, BUTTERMARKET-STR.EET. WARRINGTON.

DR- ScoTT's piLLE, Contain the finest drags that can-be procured DR Scorrs PILLS Cure Siet Headaches and Nervous Mep re55113' DL ScOTT's piLLS Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetit', DR. SCOTTS pILLS Strengthen and Invigorate the whc,Pe Nervous 3ystens' H. SCOTT'S plus The Best Family .Aperient Idelicine sad Blood Pzrifioth DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Ca be taken at any time with Out danger from wet or cola' DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUN PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to bui any other medicine instead, but insist on having the rigs thing, which is wrapped in a snare green package Ebt " examintr " gpertes OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEHRPAPERS• Comprises THE Warrington and All -Cheshire Examiner, pub' fished every Saturday morning. T.Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rr HE St. Helens Examiner, published every Fridal afternoon. ri-HE Runcorn Examiner, published every _L day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Fridal morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS— One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 64. ... Is. 3d. ... 21. 04 27 Os. tid. Is. 104. 3s. Od. 36 ls. Oci. 2s. 6d. 4s. 04• 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... Sc. 04. 64 ls. 64. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYHENT only. No advertoe ment inserted on credit under Is. per insert on.

THE EX AMi N . 1,-) I AUGUST 12th, 1898.

A Missio LORL• CHARLES EE"S- -n to China. FORD has accepted a some° what novel mission to China, He is going there, at the request of the Chairman of the Associated Chambers of Commerce to re- port on the "future prospects of British trade and commerce with that country." The selection is novel, and it may be justified by results, but it will not very much impress either c.tpitalists or men of conamerce. The impression it will make en Russia and China is certain to be in many res- pects peculiar, perhaps unfortunate. The gallant Admiral is sure to discover before he has long been in the Celestial Empire that he is the recipient Of attentions from the two Powers more pressing thso polite. We may take it as certain that he will be regarded as invested with, secret Imperial powers, and that. the passage in his letter of announce' meet of which he states that he is going "with the consent and approval of his superior at the Admiralty " will be interpreted in a peculiar waY, He was bound to obtain that assent, and he is not likely to visit China without making more genetel investigations than those which are the ostensible object of his mission. He must necessarily enter upon:inquiries respecting railways, ports, canals, andrivers,and this will necessitate privileges which China may not be willing to give. Ile will visa Hong Kong, where there is an important branch of the Navy League, and he ought to visit Shanghai and some important parts of the Yang" tse Valley before he goes to Pekin, or after he hss been there and obtained the necessary autheriss' , tion. We may suspect him of a desire to make trip to Wei-hai-wei and Port Arthur. Concern' ing the latter, it may be said that Russia is net likely to offer him.facilities for what will be re"' garded as a semi-official inspection. It is impnr' bable that he will be permitted to visit the place' at all. For these reasons it may be doubted' whether he is the best man that could have been' selected for a /17483i= of this. kind. He willbe` suspected of ulterior designs wherever, he g,oo* and this may make his mission of very little &JO as a commercial investigation, compelling hien t° pay more attention to subjects in whith, hs ie Fe er, fessionally interested. Otherwise,he may be true/ togive a plam,unvarnishedtale of what he sees, 03 to bring back with him important informat The subjects he will have to investigate prire tail); concern the investment of British :capita4 a ncl the present moment it is seeking ample IMO mainly in two directions—in railways and .mining We shall be doing nca injustice to. Lord CirrAsos BIERESIFORD in saying that his knowledge on the° subjects is not that of an, expert. There, are inefiA in Pekin at the present moment who know In°' about these matters than he does, but they 4re looking after their own special intexests. eommon-sense views Lord CHARMS may take these subjects will be naturally valuable, but are under no sanguine expectations es to the jlCeii hood of men, waiting until he can report,or takivg his views as final on any single point. His miesint/3 is of interest in many ways. It is quixotic, and may become even dangerous. But he is willing t" go, and most persons will wish. him a good hollio and every possible success.

A WARRINGTON TYR": SUIT. In the Court of appeal on Tuesday, counsel ap- applied in the case of the Warrington Rubber Works Company, Limited, v. the Amalgamated Tyre Com- pany,Litnited (of Coventry), for leave t 3 appeal from an order of Mr. Justice Lavrrance in chambers, referring the whole action to the official referee. The action was brought to recover £620 for goods sold and delivered and work done. There was also a counter-claim by the defendants. Mr. Justice Lawrence said counsel refused leave to appeal from his order. The application was granted.

muNyows GREAT GIFT 4111 MEDICAL ADVICE AND CONSULTATION BY POST FREE OF ALL CHARGES. We sweep away all fees of every kind for consultation. We place the advice of the Munyort Speciltj within the roach of everyone absolutely free of charge. No matter what the disease or how long yosi have ill, it will not cost yoa penny for a thorough examination and complete advice as to the course of treattoo,: needed to rest 3re your he sit). Obstinate and chronic cases receive the combine I personal attention of the Wlll,o_,l° staff of Munyon's Specialists. All letters received and answered are regarded as strictly personal and confidestw If you desire to arioept the above free off ^r and recsive MITNYON'iI Guinn TO HEALTH and Question Blank We' All in the following caupaa and send it to Professor Manyon, 121, Shaftesbury Avenue, Londln, W.C. Name . ..... o

VARICOCELE. ITS EFFECTUAL and PAINLESS CURE by the Ist and most improved method of treatment for this disease its attendant troubles. Illustrated leaflet, entering full into the subject, sent in a plain sealed envelope on receipt two stamps. THE MARSTON COMPANY, 59 AND 60, CHANCERY-LANE, LONDON, W.C. Established 33 years.

withdraw the charge. Mr. Jenkins On that statement I ask for the pri- soner's discharge. After a short c insultation the naagistrates decided to adjourn to coasider their decision. Mr. Jenkins as the magistrates were leaving the court room) said that in addition to the testimony and the re— sult of the crose-examination ot the medical man on Tuesday he was prepared to offer further medical testi- mony which went in the same direction. The magistrat 14 then retirei, and on their return the Mayor said : We er3 quite unanimous in this matter that the case should be withdrawn. Addrasing the prisoner he esid : I hope in future it will be a I,,sson to you and that you will be careful how you .lay had on your fellowmen, eves under aggravating circumstances. The prisoner then left the dock. Mr. Jenkins said before he left the court he would like to thank the police personally for the courtesy they had extended to him in the ease.

AVic:2:* :

COMFORT, CLEANLINESS AND CIO FOLLOW THE USIS OF Dr. PAUL'S WHITi PILE OINTMENT. Glvet ease at once and effectually renur4 Cfacks. I,assures and Ificeradod,.... In boxes.* st2/6 each. Post free 112 X4' PENN&CO ELACKPRIAIS IaAL LONDON: S. Ei

X RARE FRENCH & ENGLISH WORKS Caries, Facetice, Illustrations. &c. VERY VALUABLE PRIVATE COLLECTION. CATALOGUE x.POSTAGE 2id, lit BOUVIER, 44, Rue St. George's, X PARRS. • lE.

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITO BEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub' Ho generally that they are showing In their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 6 7 ij BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOD a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, :. NAPKINS, SHEETINGSVILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS Bs CUFFS V AID. , LADIES' AND CHILDRNSP,6 UN DERCLOTIO. lt, h of their own manufacture all of which ia z they will SELL at i 1 BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' pßico i i ALL ARE INVITED h to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. I LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. c 1 JOHN W L ILSON & 00N, (BELFAST), ti 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. it al DOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. IS 105, HOPE STREET. GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. 11 H.Lroarvzhrac FACTORY. BALLYMERE. ..1

THENEW LEMONADE. 2 GALLONS j FOR 40. Many Prople suffer from exureme thirst during tlie summer. Messrs. Foster Clark and Co. with their EIFFEL TOWEI3 T DNA VE have supplied a want that has so long been felt' EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE is made from the nut lemons, and the great advantage is that it Is manufactured in Italy.; in the midst of the orchards. The lemons are taken direct froio es to the factory to commence their traoef°l.ll9:, tion into the EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE. Yl3tl get thirty-two tumblers (or two gam...) for encenaupenny. Of all Grocers, or a sample Will sent free for six stamps. G. FOSTER CIAR.IL CO. No. 594. EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY' Maidstone.

BASSINET TES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER. HASROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HAREM'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOia,.

JOHN CHORLEY, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT, BUTTERMARKET-STREBT AND SCOTLAND-ROO' WARRINVTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO., LTD., and The " UNBREAKABLE" PULLEY and MILL • GEARING CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Cart Arms, Springs and Axles, Tyre Hoops, all SIM* invils, Vices, Bellows. Nails. Screws. Bolts and Chains 0, All descriptions, Spades and Shovels, Files and Rasps, Water Pipes and Gutters, Oils, Paints, and Colours, vanised Corrugated Sheets. Rocdlng Felt, /cc., Forglngs Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

rNDREDS OF THOUSANDS ARE Sneering to-dav by not taking timely advice. Don't you add to the number, but TAKE ‘4,.. 7rN rr. 44" gt, --eret • • CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS. DYSPEPSIA, WIND, RETCHING. SICK HEADACHES, "TLI ALL LIVER AND KIDNEY TROUBLES. at once. Price 1/1d per box. Of your Chemists, IT Pill Company, 10. Fenn h urch Buildings, London, E.O GREAT TRIUMPH. WARNER'S SAFE CURE FOR KIDNEY AND URINARY DISEASES. Prescribed by Physicians OF ALL Countries. `-'-'ISTINGUISHED PROOF OF MERIT. only remedy which cures riiGHT'S DISEASE. "Look to your Kidneys Ind Good Health will be Yours." Send for Pamphlet and Diet Rules to— H. H. WARNER & Co., 86, Clerkenwell Road, London. LC. Price 2/9 and 4/6 per bottle. BOLD ALL OVER THE WORLD. ' . '-- 41' •'; 7.III%IVISABLE TO LADIES I Particularh!7 those wo a quick, safe and reliable and non-injurious %tar all obstructions and irregularities, a me.di- veba;a cures (usually in a few .hours) cases which the skill of the best medical men. No lady e ~emireeai, as the most obstinate and helpless cases dsos immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: Your 18 'rill remedy took immediate effect, in urs less_ sep,:a ho m, wa.s all right, after 18 weelo e raoc 44, and hopelessness.' A properly cent t.l e '"ea is encl;ased with testimonials an medicine. atkage at 4/6 is usually sunicient for nny case. ,jand at once fully directed envelope for particitl: proofs. I will forfo i t £2,000 f the tes are not genuine.t2 Thousanns of unsolicited °flials have been received. Do not be misled by advertisements and other so.caded remedies r are utterly worthless and fraudti fent imitations. r!ce.—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have argest sale in the enure world, being the eldest a.;:d harmless medicineof its kind f-r ladies, and Co more patients in one month than all other Female sedies put together in iNVCVO months. This can )roved -by our Testimonials. rYou require more partirulars, I will send you pr"r I?ri of pest, in sealed letter, post lice. a splend:d (34 pages) and Guide cloth covers, to pages and lestrations of Ladies App liancesb and fell particulars the wonderful offeenve remedies as advertised So) in every town and village in Great Britain. atultaiions Free every day sto 7. Established over Years. 0 not delay, but write at once privately to MADAM E: FRAIN!, Illstitute, Hackney Road, London, ai.U. (opr,..= ("1—.4, .1

POSTAL INFORMATION POSI OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsharn, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.'—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durhain, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 am.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, and the Isle Ma 10-10 aan,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Preseot, Southport, Birkenhead, Orrnskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-3 d a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor i humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London. S.-Ea tern. midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham, Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, Londoa and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S East Lancashire, and Scotland West Cumberland, W,gan 2-0 ißt.onalto.nPreston, N. Lancashire, , 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m—Liverpool, Southport. Birkenhead Northwhich Nantwich and Sanctbach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsharn, Frodsham Bridge, Mislay, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newehurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0 p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p,m.___Lyning, Thelwall, Heaney 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m .—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- s only, Queenstown and the H.S.America Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturday 6-15 p.m.— Town VeliveryC b L' 1 d 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland er an irerpool,Birkenhead, Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra 10-30 p.m _Night Halfpenny stamP 11-15 p.m.—London. Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign tters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, - ' 3-45 p.m., and 645 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m, delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ..• ..• ••• High-st., Newton POSTMASTER ••• • • Mr James Jordan Hours of Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p...m. Atte nee. j Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 pan. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY Commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m • LIST OF DESPATCHES. showing the time to which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

[AVE YOU A BAD LEG NE wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps _nrroimded with inflammation and swollen, that when 7 Your anger an the inflamed part it leaves the im- r If so, under the skin you have poison that defies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Your knees are swelter', the joints being ulcerated ; With the ankles, round which the skin may be die- Or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to 5 Will deprive you of the power to walk. You may 'ett,ded various hospitals ad had medical advice, ant Your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- , but do not, for I CAN CURE YOU. I don't say ; but I WILL. Because Others have failed is no id not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order to C. vf... ALBERT, 73, FARIIINGDON-BTBEET alld you will receive a box of aaSHOPpEIt OINTMENT AND PILLS Certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs Ann 5 "lee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Po!,, lan s,

~ eiol ...„. .... 44„ ~.. ~,....,.„., •.,„,„„,,,,.. g il 1.1!// , 4 eii ,Nor, i 9 .., • .. ....?.i.+, CI oN 41 tgt ....t.4 ZLA.CT OF lOtEltl3=E ta:„„ -4.lNs NON-INTOXICATING 3151333EUEg. bUt r,ot equalled I One Table-epooaful of Mason a 8 fralltereet of Herbe make. One Oollon of Beer. A eim V% • !attic azt Gallons PRIME BEER r otzriii.t...v...tanel g). Th. most palatable, thirst Ii - nue, ig, fofroabing, animal-Inv [-olio drink prod 000• 01.21 i-AIR WORKER and ell employed kita"Pe. Ifille,ldennfentofies, and Mines. Of all eberalge 4114411.• or of IaWBA.& 111ASON,Nottiaglas9 Bottle ire, 9 Btampa SI for If iltampe

RECEIVING HOUSE, Stn3loFrioss, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :

o'B 13 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. In either I,,,,sequired or constitutional Discharges from the ,urgans, Gravel and Pains in the bark. Free from • Established upwards of 30 rears. In boxes 4s. 6d 411 Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through World, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The end Midland Counties ,Drug Company, Lincoln.—

nYCLEg i CYCLES ~/4 ..„, ...7,- .- For Ladies and Gentlemen, "ROYAL '',Adoc..loAl, AJAX" are finest value. Carriage Paid.3o per cent ) .......-"'" .-, ' . t".. `. ' 4.4„,„•/' cheaper than elsewhere. --"•# 9 ' _,_ ~..,4 pp- secondhand. Easy terms. `"'" ' 1 11. . From 10s Monthly. - OLD MACHINES teat EXCHANGED. ed Lists Post Fres. Large CycleHidlng So hool aIRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO.. tlekno:10, EVERTON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. 1 30, ELLIOTT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 113 Anfield.

WHO ARE WEAK. no are weak, and tired of taking NAUSEOUS and .att 8 Preparations to no GJOD PURPOSE ought to C4tiftelence when ,the Physician will send you ful LEILI Place as to how all leases of NERVOUS LOSS of VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED can be SUCCESSFULLY and PHRMA 4 CURED. Send Stamped Addressed Envelope to THE COLLINS REMEDY CO., [IQ ROUSE, 9,ERSKINE STREET, LIVERPOOL. le nitres this paper.

031J4 DIICOVERT FOR THE your hair is ftCl:',3+ or white or falling off use the MEEICAN HAIR ),r(,)r it will positively restore, in every case, grey 1r to Its original colour. It makes the hair ,i,beautiful, as well as prornoting the growth g• Per bottle.—Aarot.

Bracing! Refreshing! Invigorating: ADD A LITTLe Condy's Fluid Bow To YOUR BATti. The effect is magical. Beware of Substitutes. Insist on Buying "CONDY'S FLUID."

WARRINGTON ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE. A meeting of this committee was held in the Board Room at the Workhouse on Friday. Mr. Wm Houghton was voted to the Chair, and there were, also present Messrs A Jolley, J Ctarke, T Halton, J Johnson, 3- Billinge, with Mr J C Sutton (clerk), Mr S Sutton (assistant clerk), Mr Tunstull (assistant overseer), and Air Owen (valuer). THE ASSESSMENT OF THE LONDON AND NORTH- WESTERN RAILWAY. The CLERIC reported the result of his interviews with the chief agent of the London and North-Western Rail. way Company at London with reference to the assess- ment of the Company's property in the Union. He would ask the committee to pass a resolution raising the assess- ment of the railway lines in the several townships of the Union from £37,490 to £40,490. On the proposition of Mr. A. JOLLEY, seconded by Mr. Ileasseefe, the resolution was agreed to. THE ASSESSMENT OF PUBLIC PARKS. Councillor Straw Green b ing present to appeal against the assessment of some private property, the CLERK said he might as well read in Councillor Green's preseece a letter he had received from the Town Clerk with reference to the • assessment of public parks. Councillor Snow Green was chairman of the Corpora- tion Finance Committee and the 'Town Council had discussed the subject as to who should regulate the assessments. The letter from the Town Clerk said the question of the assessment of public parks had been brought under the notice of the Association of Municipal Corporations and in all probability the opinion of the Courts would be taken upon it. Under the circumstances it would be well to allow the appeal he (the Town Clerk) had given notice of to stand over. The CLERK informed the committee that the case which the Corporation relied upon did not in his opinion relieve the parks of Warrington from the assessment appealed against. It would be open for Mr. Whittle, whenever any decision might have been come to, to appeal again but he thought after several adjsurnments it was only reasonable that the committee should con- firm the present assessment. Councillor SHAW GREEN : But why not accede to the Town Clerk's req.:est arid allow the assessment to stand over? The CLERK : You know what law courts are. It might be two years before there is a decision on the matter. The Committee decided to confirm the assessments of the Corporation parks. FALL IN THE VALUE OF TITHES. The Rev CANON PENRHYN wrote stating that he regrett- ed that a service at eleven o'clock would prevent him attending the Assessment Committee to support his ap- peal. He should be much obliged if the clerk would state the facts of the case. The apportionment of his tithe rent for Houghten,Middleton and Arbury had fallen from £l2O to £B3 16s. 7d. The cost of collection was £3 7s.—The Clerk said it would be correct to alter the valuation to £B4 gross,and take off £3 103.,f0r the rate able value,as the applicant was entitled to the redusiion of the cost of collection. This course was agreed to. THE VALUER'S REPORT. Mr. OWEN in his monthly report st rted that since the last meeting he had inquired into the following matters of appeal:—The hermetically sealed jar syndicate, works Orford-lane, Warrington, gross £l2O ; rateable £lOO. This works is he'd on lease at £l2O per annum whieh expires 30th May, 1899. The glass working portion was stopped in December last, and about the Ist of March the works were entirely clesed in consequence of the valadity of the patent which was being worked, having been called into question and become the eubject of litigation.—The syndicate are entirely hopeful of ' winning their case, and of re-opening the wake. In the meantime they ask the consideration of the committee whilst no work is being done. It is not supposed the case will he called for trial until after the long vacation. which will mean October, FO that the works will be closed entirety for six months at least in the current year.—Messrs. Lipton, Limited, Bridge-street, Warring- ton' gross £132 103, rateable £ll2 103. These premises are held on lease for five years, from the Ist December, 1897. at a rent of £llo,being a reduction from £132 103. The company is now in occupation of the shop and cid- lain only. The firet and second floor rooms which have a separate entrance from Friars-gate are empty, and are in the hands of an agent to let off for office purposes. The company covenants to do all inside repairs. The assessment should be gross £95, rateable £Bl. The report was adopted, and the proceedings termina- ted.

SPECIAL LADIES' AND GENTS MACHINE, 14.8 15s, TO 11() 10S. NEW ROWE GENTS' CYCLES .212 10s NEW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES ,213 Os EXCELSIOR LADIES' CYCLES £l4 Os PREMIER GENTS' CYCLES £l4 OS PREMIER LADIES' CYCLES .214 Os. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10S. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES .217 10s. sim WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. G ARLAND,2 CYCLE FACTOR, 51, 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ROBERT P. K ER AND SONS, NURSERY AND SEEDSMEN, 11, BASNETT STRDIT, AND AIGBURTH NURSERY, GRASSENDALE, LIVERPOOL. TENNIS COURTS. BOWLING GREENS, Au. Pure Evergreen Dwatf Lawn Grass Seeds. 18. PER Lb. 84s. PER CWT. CARRIAGE PAID. This is our Special Mixture of the very finest DWARF EVERGREEN GRASS SHEDS, perfectly free from Seeds of Weeds, same as sown by us on our lawns round the Groups of Evergreens. Dees, and Shrubs, for which we were awarded the , GOLD MEDAL, LIVERPOOL EXHIBITION, 1886, Ana which, from their emerald green colour and fineness, gained the admiration of all visitors. We supplied last I season with the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn Grass Seeds for nearly two hundred acres. NEW, PURE, AND RELIABLE. LOWER AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest Prices for Best Quality. JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and Worn-out bOreee, COWs, Ac. rensoved any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND Fawns ON APPLICATION. 'SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Dlarine Stores bought. Highest: Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YALD, LONGFORD. ESTABLISHED 1870. ROCHE'S BERBAI EMBROCATION. HOOFING COUGH The celebrated erectuai. HOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicines. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists pric 'TOPING COUGH 4s. per bottl e. Sol Wholesale Agents, BRONCHITIS W. EDwARDs & SON, 157 Queen Victoria trest CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION

WILLIAM ITODOKINSON LIMITED GREAT CLEARANCE SALE, kNORMOUS sTOCK TO RE OFFERED, EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS, NOW PROCEEDING. U PIVtli9S, of 10,000 yards of W.ILICS of Various UPWAtiagUllifElrigESydalaTgßlßAUCK and OYERwalogioNurdoogs‘N?PiYll37lMlNS. and LAgitillipmber of TAILOR-MADE COATS and A NCUMARIESof HOLLAND and pigul., A LA.,,ultiviitoc6fFIYIANTLES, JACKETS and A VALUABLE STOCK OF RICH FURS. LADIES UNDER. VECRZOTlltigG,StflDßokfirg! SEVERAL Hundred Pairs of High Class Corsets. OVER 200 UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES. Lk VERY LARGE STOCK OF HOSIERY of all /iN Einaraoll%t,mFolat°lllgEL„ SEVEr&Liousand Pairs of KID and SILK HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY. A GOOD OPPORTUNITY TO BUY THESE GOODS. ovER 300 Pairs of CURTAINS of carious kinds. SuBIZIerigTEMP, giIZvTrA(ZIESLINIT! EELS, CALICOES, etc. Oviublielvaarrtuo: kinDs.RAS and ART IsZEUS- A LARGE Quantity of BAMBOO FURNITURE. fRAVELLING TRUNKS, GLADSTONE DAGS, J etc. MILLINERY. A SPLENDID STOCK TO BE CLEARED REGARDLESS OF cost 46, AND 48 BRIDGE S —TREET, WARRINGTON.

t.. 0 rt...? ._ - e The Danger -.0- . .., /.„, -. from a Cough , ~‘' f,cli Jr 4 WI dt is in the weakness of the system. I The cough itself is not a serious 1 / matter until the strength of the , • ( system begins to fail. But when the the body grows weak and calls on its flesh for reinforcements it is high time to do something besides taking local specifics. Scott's Emulsion

is not only a specific. It is more. It im- proves nutrition and enables the system to resist the cough. If you are susceptible to coughs, colds, bronchitis and similar ailments, you cannot say you are well, for you are not. You need Scott's Emulsion. In Scott's Emulsion you find cod-liver oil, hypophosphites and glycerine in a form agree- able to take and easy of digestion. TASTE SCOTT'S AND YOU WILL TAKE NO OTHER. SCOTT & BOWNE, LTD., LONDON, E.C. ALL CHEMISTS. 2/6 AND 4/6. vtir-a

FLORILINIC I—Po THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoioughl Cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breatb. Price Zr. 6d. for the liquid, or ls. per jar for the Floriline "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— A dvt•

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate oases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed in every case however long standing. THOUSANDS OP GENNUINE TESTIMONIALS. 2s. 9d. ; post ft ee 3d. extra. To be had only C. DEAN, MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113, Gray's Inn Road, London,W 0

Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for their rich and delicious flavour. Sold in small and large bottles by Grocers in every town.

HALL'S P TE" NO SEAMS. NO LACES. NO BUTTONS. IngeniOus and Effective. SAMPLE: PAIR ir."..6 (Carriage Free). Mae:c to measure of either ..y9/ back or tan calf. Splendid AVV- Q,,ality. Excellent Finish. Maus la all Qualities. Ou receipt of Post Card, ..(740'11i Catalogue sesit free to ay ,44?" , address. / 0/ • Al' F 424 Give measurement over \l't• sock, in inches, in places Shown on Fig. with usual size worn, or send old ", boot by parcel Post. State whether narrow, medium, or broad toe. Send P.O. direct to the Makers : SOUTH ALL 6. CO., (D 103), Kirkstall Road, LEEDS.

H 1114 L, „,„Th.t Ay,s PILLS v.S2' Bilious and Nentous Disovders, SUCH AS HEAD z CUES INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, &c. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. Planufactured only at 78, Now Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

TOWLEsPr'sYTPEYL"PILLS FOR FEW. E•Qtrrnf voltam ALL DILEGIILARITIES, REIM ALL 1 ionwrsooriorrs, and relieve the distressing symptom a., prevalent with the sex. Boxes,i/li& 219 (contains three', the quantity), of all Chenusts. , Bent anywhese ' • on receipt of 15 or 84 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE & Citii Alannfacturers, Dryden St.,: Nottingham:F.' • .Thnotrre of Imitations, injurious and worthiest.

Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- sense. Makes a cup in a moment.

' These tiny Capsules reliever Kidney and Bladder trouble S N 1-4 z ,rowytly. They are superior to cth opaa. Cubebs or Injections, and cure in forty-eight hours the same diseases without t inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name ' hitidy.• Sold I . 1 MIDI by all Chemists. or post free 3t6, from WILCOX & CO., , 83,Nlortimer St.,London.W.

L &TEST NE WS. THE WA THE PEACE PROPOSALS, NEW You, THURSDAY. The "Herald's" Washington c nrespondent telegraphs: —Mr. Day expects that M. Cambon will receive full au hority to-day to sign the protocol, which will be signed promptly. The protocol does not name any dates for the evacuation of Cuba or Puert Rico, but f3pain is allowed to leave the islands with all the honours of war,her troops taking their arms and equipments. There is a p3rfect understanding between Mr. Day and M. Cambon. The evacuation will begin as soon as possible. Care will be taken that no inter val stall lapse bei,ween the ' withdrawal of tie Spanish trnapa at any point and the American occupation. Snould Ssiu rtfuie to authorise 'M. Camtioa to sign the protocal the negotiations will be broken off entirely, and M. Cambon will withdraw. GARCIA'S T RIUM PH. Now YORK, THUR3Di.Y. A telegram from Santiago de Cuba states that Garcia, , has occupied Gi baba, which was evacuated by the Span- iards, who left 1,000 sick and wounded in the place. 'foe insurgent leader, with 8,000 men, is now besieging Rot- gum, which is held by General Luyha. After the Americans captured Coamo some sharp skiriniaWni: took place wi h the Span'ards, but ilia former hold their ground. AN OFFER TO SURRENDER. NEW YORE, THURSDAY. A telegram from S Lathe° says that Granir al Fugue has offered to surrender Holguin if his soldiers are per- mitted to return to Havana. HEALTH. OF THE AMERICAN TROOPS. WASHINGTON, THEIRSuAY. General Shaftel'a report on the health of tne AaiiciaO troops in Santiago for the 9th instant gives the total number of sick on that day an 2,830, jai:ladle; 2,043 fever cases, of which 233 were fresh cases. fhe deaths numberod 10, and the number of infin WilJ had retarned to duty, after being down with fevf r. was 327. SPAIN AND.THE AMERICAN PRISONERS. NEW YORK, THURSDAY. A Washington telegram,which is published here,states that Spain has refused tie American offer t etfrandef Admiral Carvers and the prisoners of war at Anuapans. Portsmouth, and Norfolk on the pronnci that Spain had not consented to Admiral Corvera accl his officers accept" tug release, on parole. JUDGE PARRY'S CONDITION, Providing the improvement in his condition ia main- tained, Judge Parry-will travel from Manchester to Car narvon to-day. The journey to NJViR, where be proposes to stay for a while, will be continued ou Saturday. BRITISH ADVANCE ON KaziRTOUM. WADY BALPA, WEDNESDAY. The Grenadicr Guards and half of the Northunabor, land Regiment arrived here yesterday and continues their jeurney southward. Further detachments of both the Northumberland Regiment and the Lancers are due here to-nacreow. The sudden and rapid rise of the Nile has caused some delays in the transport,but though progress is leas rapid the forward movement continues steadily and straoothly; Colonel Wingate reached here to-day with same foreiga attaches. They leave again to-morrow for the front. AMARA CAMP, WEDNESDAY. - A half battalion of the Nerthumberland Fusiliers ar- rived here to-day from Wady Haifa by train to railhead- They marched into camp this evening with the fifes and drums of the Grenadier Guards at their head. The Fusiliers made the journey from Cairo well, and their, marching into camp was splendid. INDISPOSITION OF THE POPE. ROME, THURSDAY. Notwithstanding all rumours to the contrary, WV morninv's papers, and alto Dr. Lapponi, declare thrall the Pope's indisposition is of a slight character. In facts, Dr. Lapponi did not pass the night at the Vatican, but remained at home as usual. According to the "Journal Ilmessaggero," His mai.. Hess's condition allows symptoms of gastric inflarnrar tion. Last night the Pope, after taking nourishment, imae', much better. and in excellent spirits. This morning HIS Holiness rose at halfip ,sr five a.m., and celebrated mast. Dr. Lapponi visited toe Vatican at eight o'clock. LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST. The weather report LW tha North-west of England urr to noon to-day (Friday) is an follows :—Southerlf breezes ; moderate ; some showers. YESTERDAY'S CRICKET. • er The following are the scores, up to cicse of nlayon tit County cricket matches played yesterday : Lancashire v. Yorkshire : Lancashire 112- yorksbir. 98 for nine. Middlesex v. Leicestershire : Middlesex all out for 479. Gloucestershire v. Warwickshire: warwickshife 290 ; Glouceitershire 40 for none. Surrey v. Sussex : Surrey 332, Sussex, 37 for 3. Somersetshire v. Kent: Rent 210„Somersee led for one.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be" TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient Infworomie,3dbefndhand the cast far TEETH. aold and other fillings at moderate Charges. TEETH. AnIM.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Bator Ificlliatnroaatis hahaerto by the ea TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10.006 gallons weekly. DZore. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY:EXIII.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, (NIT. TEL.INo. 1660),' LIVERPOOL, 24, CIIURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Magi WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDA-YS, 3, SANXIST-10 RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. NORTH WICH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEmAnzaT-Sr

MARRIAGES. RUNCORN. SPEARING—CORNS —loth inst., at Halton-road Wesley Chapel, by the Rev. J. R. Clifton, Mr. Henry Berkeley* Spearing, Greenway-road. Runcorn, to Miss Margaret Elizabeth Corns, youngest daughter of Mr. John Corns, Stanley House, Runcorn. DEATHS. FlniiwoßTß-4th inst., at 31, Shaw-street, Sarah Ana, daughter of Mr. Robert Shaw, aged 9 years. HIRCHWoOD —4th inst., at Weston. Mary, wife of Mr. Albert Birchwood, aged 26 years. MOOllB-Bth inst., at Halton, Walter, son of Mr. Walter Moore, aged 8 years. HORTON— 7th inst., at Brook-street, Clara, daughter of Mr' William Horton, aged 1 years. PABB-9113 inst., at Irwell-lane, Elizabeth, wife of Mr. Jc Parr. aged 96 years. HINKET-9tlt inst., at Heath-road, Nally, daughter of Mr' William Hankey. aged 2 months PECK-10th inst., at Albert-street, Elsie, infant daughter of Mr. John Peek, aged 1 month.

FRIARS' GREER, WARRINEtTOS (Opposite Arpley Station), • S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, sza, Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments,Tolobr Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Dranite, Marble, an Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXISTING PIONUMENTS A SPEcIA "

I
