===== 0002601_18980520_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NIRCIALITT VALNERA HERB TEA (Registered.) 10. ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. To be had from —WLES, Chemist (late Hales), 77, Bridge-street, Warrington. THE NEV/VZ-FAILING REMEDY FOR 174,Y,8NZA, -""IGSSTION, LIVER COAIPLAINTS,

JAUNDIOR; ULORRATEo LBGS, SKIN ERUPTIONS, BAD BLOOO, BRIGHT'S DMA BE

. . .... ~..: Ti ':•: • . ••!;,...,.. ~v • ••••.•'• • • ••••...,-,,.::,•,._ Ir'••••'•••:. • . • ..•-,t;;,..••,.. • ••.k••• • • .-.....,,,,...

===== 0002601_18980520_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
&lopping Rotiro.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
UMBRELLAS. UMBRELLAS. UMBRELLAS ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES. UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED n {half-an-hour from ',3s. 64. T. BRIERLEY, (from IValmsley's) 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

.T MANCHESTER MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGT;ON.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
I THE LEADING CLOTHIERS

8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL SPRING' SHOW

1N ALL DEPARTMENTS.

Eliot Patterns I Leading Styles I I Popular Prices tI t T M.D.C. aims SUITS. 18/6 TO eptri— MEN'S TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 16/6 Ready for Wear I Well Made I I Latest Out tI I

ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS To MEASURE from 8/6 TO 18/6 SUIT TO MEASURE , 28/6 „ 60/- in High-Class Scotch andlrt sh TWEEDS, Blue SERGES, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &c., &c, VALUE UNEQUALLED.

THE M.C.D.

YOUTHS' AND JUYNLLE DEPARTMENTS.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
TO il-R-111iFIE GROWING TRADE

The preparations in these Departments have never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING. THE M.O.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITS. All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERIIRDIATE PROFITS.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL BALANON STATEMENT FOR THE

LIABILITIRS.

2 I. d Amount received from the Upper Mersey Dues Trust 309 19 8 Borrowed Capital 5500 0 0 Sundry Accounts due to Tradesmen 246 11 6 Sinking Fund BOB 15 4

===== 0002601_18980520_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

f. IN STOUT. BASS'S ISILD AND BITTER ALES. IsLLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. w HEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUN2.7INGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AMBER ALE. WARDI E'S HOREHOUND BEER

===== 0002601_18980520_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
BAR WHICH ENDIID 31er DBOBWBER, 1897.

ASSBTS.

R s. d. £ I. d.

Capital Expenditure on Working Stock, including obtaining Parliamentary Powers 6916 0 5 Less provided by Depreciation Fund

Balance against Revenue Ac- count Accounts due to the Commis- sioners Cash in Bank— General Account 552 4 3 Sinking Fund 3OB 15 4

4888 4 9 517 18 4 785 3 10

_ SBOI9 7 Cash in hand l5 0 0 875 19 7

£6865 6 6

===== 0002601_18980520_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
EADE'S •PILLS.

EADE'S ILLS. All who suffer from Gout or Rheumatism should Immediately EADH'S PILLS. have recourse to BADWS PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADR'S pus. been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying te EADH'S plus. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the vet v EADH'S pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate In their action.

INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Eurton-crescent Dewsbury. road. Leeds, May 2nd, 1894. HE UM A TISM "Dear Slr,—lt is with unbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHEUMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of ceurse GOUT I had the doctor, and he sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HEUMAT ISM The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented RHEUMATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nad the least GOUT pain I have taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again RHEUMATISM directly. I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GO UT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you liks of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased tt, answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM me (enclosing stamped address). hlng you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." - BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS _

_ Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, le. ad. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, 480H48 BALM, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD. B.C. Ask for and be sure you..obtaln 'RAWL'S GOUT AND 41111U- ATIO PILLS. EADE S PILLS

ALL LADIES I will be glad to hear that Ma. M. Damerau, CERTIFICATED MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructions and irregularities, which she will send, post free, for 4s. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in long-standing obstinate cases. It cannot tail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not ' trust in bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant people, they never send you the right remedy. If you have I already done so, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and you will not be deceived. You will find that it is always cheaper to Come to the right place first. Below are some testimonials received. The originals of these, with thousands of others, can be seen any time. From Mrs. Chethan : "M• will you kindly send again one bottle of your Female Mixture, as the last acted Splendidly. I enclose ao."._,sirs. Blame writes : '' Kindly lorward by return of st a bottle of your Female Mixture. It put me all right last oime, and I trust it will do so again." —From Mrs. blether t ' Madame. I received the Mixture all right, and I took the doses as stated ; it did all that was needed, for which I thank you very much."—Afrs. S. writes from Sheffield lam pleased to tell you your medicine did all that was required, though I thought it had failed, for I had the last dose thirty hours before any change took place. I had the last dote ,on Sunday, and all was right as possible Tuesday afternoon. Everything had been as well as it was possible. Had I written toyou at first, I should have been over £2 in pocket. You may show this letter, but cover name and suldress."—Afrs. Bryan writes " Madam, I am glad to be able to report that th, last two doses have had the desired effect. I shall rtcornmend your remedy to all my married friends. I think it is excellent, and should I be in difficulty again myself, phouldat once apply to you." —From Mrs. Garside : " 1 have moo ii pleasure in sending you news of having relief the first morning, for which lam very thankful indeed. I shall always fee_ grateful for your Mixture, and if I need anything again, will send to you." Address : Miss. DAMERAH, Hilton Cottage, Forest Hill. Laudon

H. PARKINSON (Da.z.-risT BY ExAlt.) itANCHESTER, 46, 310SLEY-STREET (NAT. TAX. No. 1880),

LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET

PARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS at Mrs. M. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS 3, SANXEr-BT. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BEIDGR-ST. SORTRWICH, on FRIDAYS, LS, ApPlansunaort-in

ILDER, THE CLOCK

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON FOR

GOOD BOOTS.

THE WARRINGTON SLATh NJO., LD DINORWIE AND PE NILHYN SLATE MERCHANTS. COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANT& AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY & CO., to., BIORRESHAW COLLIERIES, HIUD OITICY s Arpley Station, Warrington. _telephone 19, Tel. Addreee, Arpley, Warrington. j Warrington.

CROSBY AND W ALKER, LIMITED. MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS.

WHITSUNTIDE SHOW OF NOVELTIES. ENORMOUS PURCHASES TO IMES THE ENORMOUS DEMAND. VYTR are VOW making eXtensive shows of royalties and Bargains for the coming Whitsuntide and invite every- on - tolinspect our DBPARTMENIAL STOCKS of the Newest and Cheapest Goods offered in this City. A few Leading Lines are enumerated below.

MADE UP LACE GOODS. 05 Boxes Ladies Bowe and Neckbands, New Goode in Laoe and Silk 3fd, 614, ile lid each.

lIIRE SILK RIBBONS. 3,288 yards of Millinery and Dress Ribbons 4i inches to 6 inches wide. 60 per cent. off usual price and all new Goods, 3fd and 61{1 per yard. VE-

;IL NETS, 210 Pieces Fine French VEIL NETS; the majority are fine Silk and Russian Grounds,heavily spotted and worth 9fd to ls2td ; now offered at one price Old yard. Also a Large Assortment of sets from ltd to Es llfd yard.

KID GLOVES. We have without exception the Finest ASSORTED GLOVE STOCK In tilts City,eom- prising French, Austrian, and. Brusi.els Kid in Black and the neweat colourings. 47 distinctly different varieties at Is 110, Is 6j•d, 2s lid, .3. 6d. and 3s lid pair. All the above are fully guaranteed.

T ACES, LACE GOODS, Laces, &c. Every deLi e- cription of LACE EMBROIDERY, to., always ha Stock at remarkably low prices. LADIES' LACK TIES, The Latest Novelties in both Lace and Muslin Ties, now the height ot Fashion, from Is Oid be 3s lid each.

tainili-SILK DERBY TIES ar d BOWS in newest de- signs and shapes 61 to Is Ofd.

[ZOYS' AND CURLS' BLOUSES and OVERALLS 1-2 in great variety at very Low Prices.

r ACE CURTAINS OFFERED AT PRICES AS ! BELOW. LACE CURTAINS. LACE CURTAINS. LACE CURTAINS. • WE have now completed Our new Range of Designs, and we have the finest stock &Swiss, Guipure, Madras. Scotch, and Nottingham Curtains in the town, TLousands of pairs to sr,lect from.

LACE: CURTAINS. Lace Curtatna.whlte and cream, 3 yds long, hll to 3s. Ild. Lace Curtains, white and cream, 3i yd. long, 2. lid to 10811 d. Lace Curtains, white and cream, 4 yds long be lid to 21s 6d. Our Curtains range trOm is 6}d to 21a.

FINEST DRESS bTOCK IN THE CITY. We Exhibit the Latest Fabrics, CORDUROYS, COAT- REPPS, BENGALINBS, AND FANCISS. from 18- to be. 11d, per yard. In tbousands of Ih3deB, /Rakes and qualities for Whitsuntide.

WHITSUNTIDE SHOW TO-DAY.

!,,ELIN AND FANCY WOOL z In every shade and var:ety.

4urrlißlCK PUBLISHING CO. LI MITRD.—We keep a stock of the PAPER PAT l ERNS published by the above C4.nipauy, as their Ageuts.

ERFREWHHNTS PREF. To PUROHASIMS.' REFRBHMISNIS FREH TO PURJHASERS.

FUNERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY.

(:ROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED 82. 84, and 88, OLDHAI-nTRERT. MANCHMTER.

IMPORTANT TO LADIES.

PROFESS° 1 TRAINER'S

FEMALE CORRECTIVE.

CORRECTS ALL IRREGULARITIES, removes all Obstrnitions f rom whatever sense arising) and relieves the dlstressiag symptoms so prevalent With the scx. Perfectly harmless, and never fails to bring about the desired result. AA testified by thou de.

Price 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6.3. Extraititibg Ils. Care- fully packed and sent free from observation.

A DDRESB :-141 ANA GUESS,

MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 14, PRICE-sTRBST (NEAR S.t.moit's Hogs), LIVERPOOL.

WomBN,l3 AILMENTs. iIatLGULARITABS. My, having tried in cabs every advertised remeay„ hits at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act in a few hours, no matter how stubborn the case. Bona-fide sufferers can get it FREE of CHARGE enclo,ing ItamPed envelope. 'Don't experiment with Worthless Ails, Mixtures, Cones and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPEI and CONFI /HOCH to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 48, Southampton Buildings Chancery-lase, London.

2 • 1

•

===== 0002601_18980520_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. , ' *".

===== 0002601_18980520_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MCDOUG A 41:S PATBNT SELF-RAI

PLEASANT PARAGRAPTTS. THERE are some wha always feol certain they can do anything they have never tried to.

WHIM some men discharge on obligation you can hear the report for miles round. WORSE. "Jones owes me five pounds." "That's a doubtful debt, isn't it !" "No ; I wish it was."

LsrvEsticATß the matter when you hear of a man having good luck, and you will generally find that he worked for every bit of it. Two PHASES.—"Papa, what is inertia ' ? "Well, if I have it it is pure laziness, but if you: mother has it, it is nervous prostration." HAVING "a good time" is like tobogganing in winter—for a pleasure lasting a minute you have a ten minutes' walk up a steep hill. THE RESULT.—Friend: "Has your son learned much at college ? " Father : "He has learned to spend ten times as much money as he'll ever have." THE Lady: "If you do not move on I shall whistle for the dog." The Man: "Let me sell you a whistle, mum." SUITOR (looking at picture) : "Does your sister paint !" Little brother: " Yes ; but she's finished that an' is puttin' on the powder now. She'll be down in a minute." AFTER THE WEDDING.—She : "The groom was quite cool and collected." He: "No ; he did not seem to realise that he was losing control of him. self."

DEFINED. —Mrs. Brown: "How would you define tact '?" Mrs. Jones: "I should say that tact is the ability to make your husband believe he is having his own way." HE; "I think Dr. Jenkins will very soon have a large practice." She : " Why ?' He "He has just had a case in which he prescribed millinery for hysteria."

RECREANT. —lle ran down the gang-plank and kissed her. "Henry !" she exclaimed, "where is the poodle?" "Dearest," he said, "it fell over- board." She wrung her hands. "Why did the steamer not stop to rescue it?" "They only stop to save human life," he explained. "Then, Henry, why didn't you jump overboard?" "IT is claimed by the complainant that you assaulted him," said the magistrate. "He lies, your worship. I never touched him. Parker and Willoughby picked him up and carried 'him to the pump. All I did was to work the pump- handle. ' HARD LIICK.-Jimmy : "I heard Tommy Jones was ill nearly all through vacation time." Johnny: " Yes; and what's worse, he got well just in time to go ter'school." , ONLY Sour/D.—He: "Candidly, what do you think of my argument?" Friend: "Sound—most certainly sound." "And what else ?" "Nothing else."

Do not lightly despise the enthusiast. He is at any rate a dreamer of happy dreams, and it is quite possible DO be wideawake without having half as good a time as he has. ETERNITY IN Ficn SlMPLE.—Seadde : "So Prince Picayunski says he's the heir apparent. How does that happen, when he's the younger son?" Miss Bead& : "Oh, he explained that his brother is the heir consumptive." REFLECTIONS OF A SAGE.—The Professor's Wife: "Mary says the baby's teeth seem to be bothering him a great deal. The Professor (absently) : " H'm —yes —oh, yes —Mary's baby's teeth. Teeth are only a temporary evil. Mine are nearly all gone." "HAVE PATIVICE !"—A country yokel, about to be married, arrived at the church rather earlier than the stated hour. Thinking the bride a long time, be became agitated, and commenced pacing up and down the vestry. The clerk, seeing his discomfiture, whispered to him—" Have patience, man, have patience." "Have Patience? Not I!" blurted out the bridegroom. "I came for Sal, and I'll have Sal," thinking that the clerk referred to his future sister-in-law, Patience by name. "JOHN," said his loving spouse, "I wish you would sing two or three lines of some song for me." "Whatever do you want me to do that for?" "There is something I want you to bring home, and I've completely forgotten what it is, but I think I shall remember it if you'll sing." The good-natured husband complied, and his charming but plain-speaking wife said: "Oh, yes; I remem- ber now. It's a nutmeg-grater I want." NAPOLEON lll—spoke the French of an educated German, so that a -French officer, in reporting a speech of his majesty, applied it to the phonetic system invented by Balzac in one of his novels. An amusing story is told in this connection. The Emperor felicitated Bismarck upon his French. "Monsieur de Bismarck, I have never heard a German speak French as you do." "Will you allow me to return the compliment, sire?" "Certainly." "Well," replied the then Chan- cellor, "I have never heard a Frenchman speak French as you do." To AVOID SusmaioN.—One of the most ingenious devices of a young married couple who were on their bridal tour was described by a friend of theirs. " You see," he remarked, "John and Mary wanted to have no fuss made. Mary is very quiet, and was afraid that everybody they met would be sure to know they were just married. So what do you think she did ? " " Haven't the faintest idea," the present writer replied, though he was amused and interested. "Why, they borrowed a two- year-old baby from a friend, so as to avoid sus- picion "

NOT HIS FArrix.—An Irish labourer, who was somewhat new to his work, was ploughing one day, and the furrows being uneven, the farmer told him to look at something at the other end of the field as a guide. " That cow by the gate," said he, "is quite opposite us. Now, work straight for her. "Right you are, sur," said Pat. Coming back, later on, the farmer was quite horri- fied to find that the plough had been travelling zig-zag all over the field. "How is this?" said he. " What have you been doing ?" "Shure, was Pat's reply, "I did what you told me. I worked roight straight for the cow, but the cray- chur didn't kape still." A POOR woman who kept a small shop in a northern village, and who was troubled with a husband who could scarcely be considered a credit to the family, one day found herself a widow through the sudden demise of her spouse. A lady who frequently made small purchases at the shop called to see her and to offer her sympathy, though well knowing that the man's death must in a cer- tain sense come as a relief, as the wife had often suffered from his violence. She was not, however,

quite prepared for the stoical way--2in which the wife took her bereavement. Said the lady," "I am sure, Mrs. G—, you must miss your hus- band." "Well, mum, it do seem queer to go into the shop and find something in the till 1" A TOURIST travelling through Missouri on horse- back arrived at the bank of a river that had been much swollen by the rains. There was no way to cross it except by swimming; so, dismounting, he tied his clothes to the horse and drove him into the river, swimming after him: Reaching the other side, he dressed and continued on his way. Before going twenty feet, however, he came to the forks of the road, and looked round for a sign- post. There was none ; but just across the river, near the spot he had entered to swim across, he saw a board nailed on a tree. There was nothing to do but to get in and swim across again and read that sign. He swam across and, after climbing up the bank, he read the following notice : "Five dollars fine for crossing this bridge faster than a walk."

MAKING IT CLEAR —To confuse a witness is generally an easy task, and lawyers know no easier way than to make a witness explain the meaning of his words, knowing that very few people can do so without getting excited. Occasionally a victim resents this nagging and answers in a spirited and unexpected manner. A lawyer was cross-examining a young girl of rather haughty temper. She had testified that she had seen the defendant "shy" a book at the plaintiff, and the lawyer had seized on the word. "Shy Shy a book! What do you mean by that! Will you explain to the court what the word ' shy' means! The girl leaned over to the desk beneath the witness-box, picked up a law book, and threw it at the lawyer's head, who dodged just in time. "I think the court now understands the meanin of the word shy,'" g said the judge gravely ; and the girl was allowed to finish her testimony with. out further interruption.

SING

===== 0002601_18980520_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

- - 141'0,11.1 Send two .tamps for our NSW BOOK containing iulormation to Ladies' how all Irregularities may e "relY Avoided or Removed by SiIDP Me-,,s ItecOM mended by eraint.nt Vhysici,ins as the only onuine Itainedy. '• Never Falls, 'ft T, eti-

menials. —air. W. i.by&Nclugn. Claremont House Forest wed, Dalstost Landau.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MT Dna Moan,

The millinery for the present season Is of the most attractive description, and difficult to be made; but the clever amateur will easily manage to make a simple hat or toque, if she avoids Intricate arrangements and relies more upon folds following circular lines, as those apparently care. less and irregular folds require artistic skill and experience. Most of the high-class modistes make their own shapes, and these are generally copied from French models, but there is a good choice in buckram shapes.

A very fashionable hat ia of fancy basket straw, trimmed with white chiffon, edged with narrow blue velvet, and black coq feather in a large cluster at the left side.

The stiff, shining-surfaced gauze which is called rainbow cloth by some milliners is much used for the full swathing folds which surround the crowns of 19 hats out 420 at the moment of writing, and although it requires doxterous manipulation it keeps its condition decidedly better than the thinner gauzes and chi irons.

The newest models for children are remarkable for their simplicity of cut, effezt bcig obtained by a combination of diverse colour or inlterial, or by pretty collars or revers of light cloth, lace, or silk, the mere touch of relief tint being kept principally to the bodice. Of materials there is very little of absolute novelty, and so far the fashion for plain fabrics continues. Both coarse diagonals and the finer and more silky seises are greatly in request, and these not only in the orthodox navy and black, but in all fashionable tints, such as powder and iris blues, petunia, dark heliotrope, deep stone, and one or two of the deeper greens.

Following the fashion of their elders, the skirts of girls' costumes are all gored closely at the top, and the slight fulness arranged either in two box. pleats, or in two flat ones, closely meeting in the centre, and giving the effect of a tight top. Sleeves fit closely except just at the armhole, where the plain sleeves are gathered or pleated, but tiny pouffe, tucks or epaulettes are much in favour, and are all very compact, and only set out slightly from the arm. A very pretty frock for a young lady is of dove grey cashmere. The bodice is trimmed with fine white lace insertion, and bands of white satin ribbon, edged with black bebe ribbon. The skirt is also trimmed with white satin ribbon edged with bebe ribbon. The smart type of bodice which can be worn as a blouse, or to accompany a skirt of the same mater- ial, is most useful for summer wear, and more es- pecially where mach black is worn, as a black bodice can be daintily relieved with colour, or smartened greatly with white or cream. Black surah, for instance, makes up prettily in the tucked style, with revers of coloured silk or satin, turned back, and edge passementerie, and the full vest of mousseline de sole, chiffon, or brilliaste.

A very pretty blouse is made of pale pink and blue shot glace silk, which is trimmed in vandyked points. The yoke is of white ,atin inerveilleur, finely tucked, and the waistband and collar are of black satin ribbon.

----- -- A black bodice of peon, cle soie, relieved with cream colour looks ',veil. The yoke of creamy satin is cut square and covered with a collar of 6cru renaissance lace, supplemented by small tabs of satin, edged narrow sequin gimp, and fall- ing over a frill of lace. The belt, bands on sleeve, and centre line are of 4cru insertion lace.

----- --- For those who prefer colour on a black bodice, a delicate green or salmon-pink is very effective in combination with black lace using black guipure over pink for the yoke, and the pink uncovered, and edged narrow jet or black sequins for the tabs. The frill should be of black lace, and the belt and sleeve bands of black insertion over pink bands. Grass lawn in this fashion, with cream-white silk or mery and cream-coloured lace, is most attrac- tive, and the skirt can be mounted on cream-white sateen, and made with a deep bias fluunce, put on with a heading, and edged with alternate frills of pleated grass lawn and cream lace. With open-fronted coats smart vests will now be necessary, and although the Newmarket style, in single or double breast, is still in vogue, the most favoured styles are excessively fussy and full, and show the pouched effect. Soft cream lace,_ with net top and heavy guipure, or open point de Venise edge, arranged in front of a vest, is most effective in an open-fronted coat, and extremely smart, even U the vest is simply of crepon or grass lawn.

Your loving JaNtni.

CARTER'S LITTLE Pill. BEAUTIFUL TEETH Dow for ail who nse daily on the to:th Price. brush a few drops of ja.denr vVeg,e- SOZODONT, world.table, Cleanses the teeth and sp?,,,es the pleasantest dentifrice In the Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, between them /le nothing el3e Sallow Complexion, and will. Sound and pearly wLite Sick Headaches Promptly: teeth, rosy lips., aLa fral:rant and cure them so as to stay breath enetireSis7' cured. Ohm:nista, la. , i`sk 5020/0011T. 24.

FLO U R.

99. Well made arid erefully finished bodi trimmed braid 106 A full wide tai ki srt Friee / __,_ complete Car. Skirt alone 5/6. Car: sd.

Norfolk 644. Smart 11*If-Cuing; Norfolk Costume Well-cut Bodor. n I ful I tailor skirt. Pries 10/6 "1/ compl et e. Carriage Bd. Skirt alone 5/6. Carriage ad.

MI=IN

• ;:j , ;fr.- , ..of,y,/2, 1/7. ty?' *r'' A.% '''Sk.";l;

- , \ k 51-- "*' f kAilli. a, b Xt..* _.). tioe: \\ , v \A\ ‘.°A\\ \\l v,,, s , ,\\ , ' :, lii

LIVER PI swat- t ER- Brad . . , ITTLE Forty In ~, 'll PIER vial. pa -

,c5)4.6 7471, tt!... c /XI ( • '‘-' 1' 1

===== 0002601_18980520_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
ONCE TRIED. ALWAYS USED.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT."

Of the true kindness of the Queen, there are few better instann, s than her recent visit to Netlev Hospital. Out of nearly el thousand invalids, Her Majesty saw all but about a nufidred, and such a visit as this must have molted no ordinary effort, and no little self-denial, on the part of a lady about to celebrate the ottainment of her reventv-ninth year. rhP returning Royal train had to be delayed an hour, whilst the Sovereign mission of sympathy was being aclornplished to the fullest extent her strength permitted. Pirer Findlater, on whose breast Her Majesty pinned the Victoria Cross with her own hands at Netley, has, it is said, accepted an engagement at twenty-five guineas a night, to play the pipes at one of the London music halls, this summer. This payment is at the rate of about £7,500 a year ! Such terms of course, the brave piper can scarcely hope to command long, but doubtless he has recognised this fact, and intends to make hay while the sun shines. Few perhaps have a greater affection for the pipes than her Majesty. When at Balmoral, no sooner has the Queen descended from the upper floor to the breakfast room, than there suddenly steal in from the gravel path outside, the strains of the pipe. The Queen's piper is clad in full clan dress for this function,and the breakfast Pipes are as regularly played, as the breakfast norridge is placed upon the table. By the way, until 1851, the domain of Balmoral was only rented by the Queen. In thathre a dtti.w yeartahseestat purchasede, seven vbey the milese Royal i nF length,amiln y and four i for £32,000. The present castle was erected, 1853-55, from designs of the Prince Consort, at a cost of £lBO,OOO. The mansion consists of a centre, square, and lofty, with two wings. The apartments are spacious, and the views beautiful and romantic. The ball room is very large. The floor is parquet, and the walls are panelled with polished fir. Thew, is a dais at one end,with seats tor the Royal Family, and a musician's gallery at the other. The curtains of the room are of Royal Balmoral tartan, the pattern of which was designed by Prince Albert, while light is obtained from eix large glass chan- deem

Ine Queen taxes a great interest in the management of the vast woodlands and forests on her Deesido estates of Balmoral and Birkhall. Prince Albert Was an exten- sive and very judicious planter of trees, and the good work which he commenced has been actively carried on tv: old i'sPh eridn principally by the Queen, who has many thousand of acres under Since 1880, this department has been in charge of a dis- tinguished ipninfeo,resStoro;tch fir, larch, and spruce. matters. ,thee Queen sent to Germany some titneba Tk.ihnis esordcpretrht at h might personally investigate the methods of tree grow- Mg and general management, which are adopted in the immense forests of the Duke of Coburg, the Prince of Lippe-Detmold, and the Grand Duke of Baden. He visited tha Thuringian estate of the Duke of Saxe Coburg, (which is one of the finest woodland domains in Europe). His Royal Highness having invited him to go there, all the forest officials were placed at his disposal. At both the May Drawing Rooms, British silks were i well to the fore, and are being largely employed n the manufacture of gowns destined to be worn on the first Monday in June. In patronizing British silks, we not only do the thing that is right,but save ourselves a good deal of risk of adulteration for the chief offenders hail from the Continent, mineral matter being unduly added to the product of the Eilkwork. Wear soon proves whether the raw material has been weighted or not, but it is difficult to tell by touch, or even after the most care- ful examination. Formerly those women who wished to preserve them- selves in perp. tuity in their Court gowns were wont to prneerdto the photographer alter the Drawing Room,hiit nowadays. the correct time t visit the portr, it maker is belore going to Buckingham Palace. And without doult 'his is a far better arrangement. The strain and cru,h at the Palac9 usually results in a headache, end a generally battered aspect, a state of affairs scarcely con- ducive to a fascinating presentment. In most of the Drawing Room photos of the season, where grottos are posed or where mother and danghter are taken together, the mothers stand and the daughters sit. This is deci- dedly, a reversal of the usual rule. But the mothers of te.day, are so like their daughters, that really it signifies Ilittle which takes the place of honor.

F".—SSIN RUGS Dregaed, Cleane and Linerl Fur alterations of every description. B. Coox Manuiacturkg Furrier, 21, Renshaw-strset, Liverp)ol. tablished 24 year,.

[HE EXAMINER _Filial_ Y MAY, 20 18987

===== 0002601_18980520_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
These Costumes are made up In two good durable cloths I.—JOHN nostal CHEVIOT SERGE a IL—JOHN —NOBLE ,003TUME COATING, a smooth surfaced cloth lighter in weight than the Serge.

New

..t. Bodice well•cut. ith prettily gathered 'ant and Swiss shaped eI t. A specially made Cycling Skirt can be supplied. Lanterns and Prices. Length in trent. SSin, Ss. lid. ; 381 n. 7s. lid. ; 421 n. Ss. lid.;

46in. tie. lid. each'. Carriage gd. extra. Skirts alone, 30, 33, 35 ins., 4s. lid. each. Carriage 40.

Model goi. A smartly cut bociioe. trimmed oi lacings and cuffs, in/g rn,ll:ary braid d a full well iv/ v finished tailor skirt. frice for complete costume, 10/6 Carriage paid, 61. extra. Skirt alone for hi. Carriage sd.

A very interesting picture, destined to appear in the Royal Academy next year, is being painted by Mr. Orchardson, LA. When completed it will represent. in one group, four penerations of the Royal family. The Queen, the Prince of Wales, the Duke of York, and little Prince Edward of York. Much progress hai been made with the ft,ures, of the Prince of Wales end the Duke of York,who have already visited Mr Orchardson's studio and given him sittings. Among the portraits most in demand at the present time may be mentioned those of Mr. Gladsone, both of recent and ratnNte date. There is one that is still to he sought for, and that is of the period when be was Chan- cellor of the University of Oxford, when be looked thin and spare, and studious. Coming to Royalty—it is calu- lated that those 10.000,000 coloured photographs of the Queen, the Prince of Wales, and the Princess of Wales, are produced annually, and find a ready sale all ever the world.

Braiding is still as fashionable as ever, A silk braid, half an inch wide, hails from Paris, which has a silk cord on either side' and we have to thank the French capital for a liberal range of braided designs, all reade to be appliqued on to any dress or mantle. They are importing here, bodice pieces, and fronts of shirts,which are literally braided all over in patterns that assume the Bayad're form—that if horizontal. Ornamentation is made easy, but is by no means inexpensive, and there a long end beautiful range of floral sprays workfd in hold relief, in silk on transparent grounds, which can he used apart, or massed together. They are quite works of art, with each leaf distinct, and often carried out in the most beautiful colourings, so that they can be em- ployed on any of the fashionable biocadee. The weather of late has been such as to make some sort of neck covering an absolute necessity. Fur is too substantial, and so we have once again taken to boat; of the ostrich feather persuasion. Deliciously light brown and white being a very popular bleeding, these little items of our toilette abound on every side. According to an anthority, on the subject, the sum- mer is to be a very wet and uufavourable one. There will be much cool weather, rain, and any number of, thunderstorms. Also an early autumn is to be our lot and we are to have snow in September ! All this, of course, is very terrible, and most depressing, but such prophecies have been made hefore, and have failed to "come off." We must, therefore, live on in the hole ' that the authority has somewhat managed to misread the signs, and that, at any rate, an average amount at sunshine will fall to our lot. Many of my readers may not be aware that there are ce.tain seasons for cheese, as for game, but the fact re- mains. The reign of Stilton is from November to June. Cheddar is in season from February to October, and April hails the coming of the new Rognefort. From May to September Bondons, Port Saint, Gournay, NeurchAtel, Mont Oore and cream cheeses may all he served. From October to April Brie appears. As for Gruj ore, Roguefort Parmesan, and Dutch cheeses, these are perennial joys, for one may have them at any time and do no wrong. The manufacture of the richer and more expensive brands of cheese which is carried on for the most part in Europe, is an exceedingly interesting process, requiring an immense amount of skill and patience. The art of makir.g certain kind, has never been successfully imita- ted, and the natives of certain parts of the Continent of Europe therefore still retain a sort of monopoly of the trade. The most expensive cheese manufactured is the truffle cheese, which is imported from France. This cheese, as its name suggest, is made of truffles, and is worth about 45. a pound. Cornflour pudding.—Take two ounces of cornflour, one lemon, a pint of water, two ounces of sugar, and SOW lemon marmalade. Mix the cornflour with a little Water, boil the remainder of the water, and add it, then bail again for five minutes, stirring all the time. Add the strained piece and grated rind of the lemon, with the sugar, then pour into a basin that has been rinsad with cold water. Turn out when cold, and pour over it a small quantity of orange or lemon marmalade. 't MA DOE."

- - - YOUR-ATTENTION PLEASE ! Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Beak Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder. Stone. Sedalia's. Rheumatism. and Gout will find a positive Cure in Goldroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small hoz and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Prices la. pd., of all Chemists. or post free for 12 •sLunbs. 'rnin NOLDROYD.S, Medical Hall. Cheekheaten, Yorks. Sold at 35. Bridve-street Warrington. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a hog will C a sent next post—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PATTERNS

of both cloths, together with the new 84 page illustrated fashion catalogue, SENT

Post Free to all who mention " Warrington Examiner and need not be returned.

ALL COSTUMES SUPPLIED IN THE 'OLLOWING COLOURS : Black, Navy, lrown,Ruby,Myrtle, Grey, Moss,Fawn, Purple and Electric.

THE THREE SIZES IN STOCK are :a4.36, Ins. round bust (under arms) ; skirts being 10 and 42 ins. lung in front. Any other size be made to inertsure 1/6 extra..

1/8, 241 n, 2/- 271 n. 2/6, 301 n. 3/- 331 n. 3/6, 361 n. 4/- 391 n . 4/6, 421 n. 6/. ewth ettr.4d. extr,‘

===== 0002601_18980520_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
-Model goo-,

well-cut oven Coat and full Ailor nwle in In Skirt. Price cora pletr,l 0/6 v Safely packed and carrlruo nld fid. extra. Bkir' alone, 6/6. ()arrive bd.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
( Copyright.)

CHILDREN OF CUBA: A TALE OF LOVE AND WAR

BY GRAHAM REDPATH, Author of "The Baffled Press Gang," "When Things Went Wry," &o.

CHAPTER I. LOVIHWAKING AND LEAVE-TARING.

Two lovers stepped forth from a picturesque Spanish mansion, on to the terrace, upon which the moon shed a soft, silvery light. A suggestion of age was given to the structure by its inzr"- solidity ; but this defect had been cleverly correc:., by the addition of light verandahs, now clothed with vines and flowering creepers.

Beneath the balustraded terrace, which the whis- pering lovers crossed, stood many marble figures, almost ghostly in the mystic light. The trees cast long shadows over the lawns and upland pastures, where shadowy cattle lazily grazed. A pathway led to a thick belt of trees on the far side of Cardonnavilla estate.

As Leon and Castilla wandered through the meadow land towards their favourite haunt for the last time, their eyes eagerly scanned each detail of the scene. Silence reigned supreme, and reverie possessed the souls of those whose brightest dreams had just been suddenly shattered.

In any circumstances, parting causes pain; and the disagreeable sensations felt at different times only differ in degree. But when parting means that the broad heaving bosom of the Atlantic is to interpose between those whose affections are strong and undying, it is a trial nigh as sharp as the sting of death itself. The world is changed to those so separated ; it is another kind of life alto- gether, the single hope of meeting again possessing them.

But these lovers have now reached their bower— s seat screened by the branches of an oak. Castilia took her name from the finest province in all Spain. She was of stately form, with oval, sun- stained face, regular features, and large eyes. Her forehead was curtained with tiny waves of jetty hair—a picture of grace, gentleness, and generosity. Her tall, dark, square-set lover was a soldier, whose eyes, whilst dreamy to sadness in repose, flashed with brightness and ouiet wit at times.

Beyond them a streamlet wound its way through a vista of trees into the light, until it reached the upper lake, whereon the moonbeams danced. "Leon," said Castilia tremulously, as she broke the spell of silence, "this is our last meeting for a long, long time. "Yes, dearest. Well? " assented Leon rather despondently. "Well, you'll not forget me when I am so far away, will you ? " It was an effort for her to be so plain, to voice this tiny doubt whispered in her heart by Cupid, or his plaguing cousin Jealousy, and tear-drops gathered in Castilia's eyes. Leon, admiring her frankness, caressed her fondly as he replied: "Never, never, my darling; I pro- mise you. How could I? Long ago I learnt to love you, and every day since I have learnt to love you more. It is tearing my heart in twain to think of this separation, for it may mean more than we can tell—more even than we dare think. All the pleasantest and happiest moments of my life have been at Cardonnavilla ; all my hopes and aspirations are bound up in you ; and yet you ask me if I shall forget you now that you are going from me!" "Shall you remember me always, when I'm iii far-away Cuba, I had intended to say ? " said Castilla, as she observed Leon's abstraction.

"Shall I Le :,ble to think of aught else, you might have said," he rejoined, by way of sweet complaint. "I'm sure I shall not I " Then Castilia held up her pretty face coquettishly, and smiled her thank- fulness for the words, which were as dear as life to her.

Ashamed of his melancholy in face of Castilia's heroism, Leon stood up and, pointing to a tree dark against the sky, said softly: "Why, we have grown up together, and as firmly as yon vine clings to that oak do our hearts cling to each other." Fully reassured, Castilia led her lover on step by step, and so the old, old tale of love was repeated as they strolled back, by the way they had come in silence, to the terrace, where Leon took his last fond farewell. And with tear-filled eyes Castilia watched his stalwart figure diminish and disappear in the shadows of the avenue which led to her dear old home.

Half consciously she raised her eyes to look at the starry skies, where glittering worlds seemed to twinkle in sympathy with her sorrow. Calm con- templation of what we do not understand is solacing, and it soothed Castilia's heart-ache. "We must trust the Ruler of the Stars," she thought, "for to-morrow we begin a new life, about which we know as little as we do about the heavens."

A cheery laugh startled her as she entered tl“. vestibule, and the merriment of her younger sister, a pleasant, wayward girl, promptly banished her thoughts. Blue eyes and flaxen curls made Coria look more girlish than she really was. A round, coy face, with feeble chin, was hers. Her levity seemed ill-timed, and yet Castilia had not the heart to utter the rebuke ready on her tongue. "Cousin Castello is crying because we are going away," said Coria, grasping her sister's arm, and with laughing eyes adding: "Isn't it fun ? " Amusing as the situation was, Castilia repressed the ready smile, and with a sisterly kiss sent her back to console their cousin. If Cone was emotional she was also willing, and she did as she had been bidden.

Playing with the locket, cross and anchor sus- pended by a golden chain round her neck, Coria re-entered the room. These baubles had been presented to her by her sailor lad, Castello Branco. Humbled and disappointed by the sisterly ad- monition, her dimples disappeared, and her face was as inanimate and correct as chiselled alabaster. But she was a coquette by nature. Sounds of sobbing came from the corner of the room, where sat the little cadet, his face hidden in his hands. He was susceptible, kind, generous and wilful.

Coria stepped softly across the room, and her dress brushed his bowed head as she passed. ' "Ahl I knew 7ou would return soon," he said. "Yes; I didn t mean to vex you, but I couldn't help laughing. We'll only be parted for a little while, you know, and when we return to Spain we'll all be as happy and gay as ever." Castello, in an ecstasy of delight, embraced the little woman at his side, saying: "My love for you is as deep as the sea, as unquenchable as a volcano, as true as the Polar star. Ah, ray lovely cousin, it is no use—my affection for you is simply inexpressible." "Then don't try to do it, dear," she said thought- lessly ; but he took this as a taunt, for she had a teasing manner.

Glances, which tell more than the tongue can utter, and sink deeper where they strike, were quickly exchanged. Castello rose, noisily crossed the room, and picking up a book flung himself angrily into a chair.

One occupant toyed with the book, the other hummed provokingly. "When I don't talk you complain; when I do yon fret and fume. -I'm never right, always wrong. Oh, if women hail 'tint sense!" the tune seemed to say to the man. Castello's eyes lighted on De Segur s axiom: "Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them," and then he flung down the book.

A sense of oppressive monotony and gloom was felt by those present, and through the room the moon- light flickered, bringing various objects into strant., and uncanny prominence. Sometimes a shadc. would extend till it threatened to fill the room and destroy their hopes for ever. Whenever a heavy branch of foliage swung back everything was visible in an instant, then suddenly plunged into shadow. The wind sighed in a melancholy key, for a storm was rising; and the sad hearts, as often happens, were accommodated with weird effects, as if they deserved to be helped to their fill of sorrow. Carving on furniture and wainscot assumed peculiar shapes, the uncertain light serving to con- tort and distort what were graceful curves. Boar's heads, busts, swords, shields, and breastplates were all twisted into gnome-like forms, and huge eyes seemed to ogle the disconsolate pair from every corner of the room. The many-lustred candelabra radiated and refracted a hundred gleams, like owlet-eyes, overhead. Neither was ready to lapitulate, though the stifled breathing of eithes was articulate. Suddenly something crashed in the corner of the room, and, in her fear, Coria instinctively fled tc Castello, who had risen, with open eyes and arms. Involuntarily he clasped his coauettish COUtlin,

In a moment aic sense or rear was banished. The moonlight once more streaming steadily in through the window disclosed the fact that a steel breast- plate had fallen! That was all—and yet it was sufficient to 4•lnake the troubled pair, now clasped in each other's arms; feel perfectly stupid and perfectly happy.

-

===== 0002601_18980520_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Wellkriitted ...__. -.--

WOOL CAPS. Supplied in all shades at 1/- each. Ladies Tam o' Shanter Caps,well knitted. at th e Ramp price. 1./-

===== 0002601_18980520_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER 11. RZFLECTIONS AND mcsournows.

A comfortable seat in a cosy study, with the sweet, if silent, companionship of the pipe, con- duces to a reflective frame of mind. Thus sat Dr. Jacca Cardonna,-Ithe father of Castilia and Coria. Gazing tit the shelves of books he knew so well, he was reminded of various phases of study through which he had passed, and thoughts crowded in upon him.

Resembling the Spaniard:of former times, he was country-proud, honourable, generous, and adven- turous. Fond of romance and anxious for gaiety, it was strange that a trace of austerity should lurk in the cross lines of his open countenance, where flashing eyes bespoke a kindly humour. He was a refined, scrupulous gentleman, a little rash in speculation, and somewhat blind to his own best interests, perhaps • but of late quieter and more cautious moods had swayed him.

At fifty, a new departure in life comes jarringly, and is not a pleasant subject for contemplation. Where success is by no means certain, it presents a rather gloomy side. It is a new epoch—a period of trial. _

"Everything depends upon my judgment and health—the happiness of cur home, the/prosperity of my family—and whichever way this enterprise goes, it means a renewal of our fortunes or irre- parable failure, and ruin becomes a terribly ugly word when persistently dwelt upon," exclaimed the doctor with a sigh. At Cardonnavilla it had been a happy life, and his cup of bliss had been filled to the brim. Suc- cess had smiled on him in every respect but one— the one which least of all he expected would have failed. Better let it be confessed at once, the doctor's weakness was speculation. Probably, had lie only speculated in mining—for his geological knowledge was accurate, and had proved valuable over and over again—all would have been well, and thought of the morrow been needless. But civil engineering was another thing, con- cerning which he knew nothing. There must have been something in the nature of a gambling genie generated in his brain when he decided to sink over half of his fortune in the scheme for making a canal from Brieviesca, near Burgos, to Bilboa, one of the best commercial ports in Spain. This joining of the Zbaizabal and the Ebro to provide a direct waterway to the Bay of Biscay was a great idea ; but, like many more great schemes, its greatness was its weakness. Undoubtedly it would have stimulated the now somewhat slender in- dustries of Burgos and neighbouring towns. Pay- ment of the money he owed meant ruin, and that was why the doctor determined to go abroad to retrieve his fortune, and pay back his just debts on his return. Leon and Castello alone knew of his desti-

nation, and the real reason of his going. "Are my high hopes of the future justified? Sup- posing futile efforts make my ruin more complete, will it not make our return to the land we love more and more impossible ? " He dare not think of this. _

Pertinent questions were uppermost, as he puffed rings and clouds to battle in the thick layers of smoke overhead. Fixing his eyes blankly on the shifting smoke, he viewed the main incidents of his life, an uneven, eventful life. But his nicotinous musings were eventually broken by the entr.lnce of his wife and daughters.

A good-natured, charming little lady was the doctor's wife. She has much simplicity of manner, her girlishness has not altogether gone, and obser- ving the doctor in a melting mood, probably at her half-concealed grief, she kissed her husband and sat down at his side.

Cheery commonplaces passed, but there was one common thought to all, which clogged conversation and threatened to trip up conventionalities. The tremour in the voices betrayed thought of what they did not dare to speak. "And have you been smoking all this time, father? " said Coria, for on her devolved the duty of speaking at times when there was little about which to speak. "Yes, smoking and thinking." "Do the two always go together? It must be so pleasant." "Not always, child; often, though not always. But to-night " "They did ? " "Yes to-night they did." "I thought so. I could see it in your eyes. We've left you far too long alone, and you've felt lonely." "No, no, not at all. I was thinking, and I didn't mind. Only when you laughed then I missed you; your laugh reminds me of the time when your mother was a girl." "Were you thinking about the new home in the promised land you have made us all so anxious to see ? " asked Castilia.

"No, I was thinking of myself." "Only about yourself? " said the mother. "Mostly; about you and me. Shall I tell you what it was, just as I remember it? "_

Delight was less than the listeners felt. "Well," proceeded the doctor, after laying aside his pipe, "my mind wandered back to my boyhood, when my father sat where I sit now, and I clam- bered round his knees. A tall, well proportioned soldier was he—like Leon, but broader—whom a hard life had softened. His face was furrowed with grief, and his white hairs were the result of many and early sorrows, but beneath the stern, set mouth beat a heart tender as a woman's. I was his firstborn, but my mother I never saw. That's how it happens that I spent most of my childhood in this room. Ere I was five I was fatherless as well, for his was a heavy grief. God has been more kind to me.

"At twenty-five I came from college, and went with the army into Africa, as surgeon to my father's regiment, and our colonel told me most I know of him. During the war our commander was fatally wounded, and he charged me with the care of his niece, Oliva Branco. I swore to be faithful to my trust; I don't know that I did keep it as he might have wished. Your mother can tell you that." Mrs. Cardonna smiled.

"Colonel Branco had wished that, I fancy, don't you, mother ? " interrupted Castilia. "I think he must, dear." _ _ _ _ _

"Well, I left the 'army, and I was successful as a physician, and ought to have been content. I wanted wealth; when I got that I wanted more. Only one disappointment in life have I had. I wished you girls had had a brother, someone to perpetuate our name, to be a friend to you when mother and I are gone. Men have held high office, and had titles from their king, men of chivalry and renown have fought and bled and died for their country's honour and their own, who have held your name---a name now at an end. But the bitterness is taken away, for after all, with two lovely daughters and so sweet a wife, I feel richly endowed. Besides, the day of dreams is past. I am poorer, but I am more contented." There were tears in the old man's eyes as he filled the bowl of his long pipe. Castilia held a taper, and they continued to sit and chat about domestic arrangements in their new island home, while without the rain fell, the wind shrieked, and the windows rattled, as if to make the last hours at the old home all the more memorable.

I About a classic city, where lingering relics of by- gone days are to be found, hovers the spirit of chivalry and of romance. Whether mist-clad or glazed in sunset glow, massive memorials of a distant age always charm. These multiform structures possess a peculiar fascination for a speculative and imaginative man, with his vision I fixed on the buildings before him, and his memory Icharged with the lore, legends, and customs of the past. To the decayed city of Burgos Castilian pride, prejudice, and indolence gravitate as by a natural law. They cannot restore its glory, perhaps they but deepen the gloom. Direct descendants of wealthy rulers of old Castilia love the city in its decrepitude, however, for it is here where their Lags were crowned, nnd here where the councils of state were held. High in the heavens the beautiful towers of the cathedral, one of the finest specimens of Gothic architecture in all Europe, rise sharp and clear from a confused mass of dilapidated streets, and rearing their proud pinnacles of slender stone fret- work under a canopy of empyrean blue, appear in their pride to forget the cradle of misery from which they spring. In form it bears a close re- semblance to York Minster, its exterior rich and elegant in ornament, its interior a colonnade of skilfully sculptured columns, supporting a curi- ously wrought canopy of oak. Seen in the soft light from the many-hued windows, it is well fitted to fill men's minds with pious thoughts. Burgos, standing on the higher reaches of the Douro, commands an expansive, yaried, and pleasant

_ - landscape. tioutnwards is a vast expanse of tufo variegated tableland, intersected in every direction by the tributaries of the river. Here and there yellow cornfields stand out against vast barren

tracts of naked soil, bared to the sun by the wood- man's axe; but even the fertile portion of the shews signs of neglect, through the indolent habits of the Spanish agriculturist. In the crevices and fissures of the Pararners mountains all sorts of ferns, grasses, mosses, wia lichens thrive. Below, the forest stretches over the plains. Vines climb every other tree. There are hundreds of small maize, rye, and barley patches, surrounded with thick hedges of prickly cactus and American aloe. The esculent fruit of the cactus intermingles with the luscious pomegranate. Flocks of merino • sheep and goats graze leisurely on the slopes, and in the valleys oxen wander listlessly along. Shepherds and herdsmen often sit down W smoke when their cattle halt to eat or settle down to rest. Spanish peasantry seem a silent and con- tented race.

Occasionally the quiet of the peaceful panorama is broken by the arrival of a caravan. The tread of animals echoes in the hills. Soon the mules file through a pass into the mountains and descend the rocky tracks which their shoes have cut, till they are lost to view. The sky seems always bright and clear; the pale tones merge into the azure-tinted peaks which encircle this pastoral scene of repose and plenteous- ness, and the bases of the hills are touched with purple as the evening shadows fall. Unobtrusively the drab-coloured dome of Cardonnavilla peeps out above the dark foliage of evergreen oaks. The, situation is snug and suggestive of a dignified repose. It commands a view of hill and plain, of river and valley. Unassuming architecture helps it to fit into its simple surroundings. From the lodge gates, the porch, verandah, and spear-capped dome come into view. Around the pillars and upon the walls creepers and clinging plants coil, and enhance the beautiful stonework. Over the entrance hall a helmet, spear-head, and breast-plate, on a medallion fringed with vine- leaves and grapes, shew this to be an old family seat. At either side of the inner door stands a fall suit of armour. Some busts on marble columns, amid palms and broad-leaved plants, with red and yellow flowers, stand on the marble floor. d bronze girandole, carrying dozens of oil lamps, swings from the dome. The rooms are elegantly furnished, and rare pictures of the Spanish school adorn the walls.

Early breakfasts are seldom very happy func- tions, and on people in trouble appetite seldom waits,

The Cardonnas were in low spirits, and the earlf repast on the morning of their departure was melancholy affair. Few words were spoken, an° little food eaten. Even Coria was depressed. Despair comes readily to the race, for it is palL4 of the national temperament of the Spaniard. More than once did the Cardonnas wish the!, had not lived to see the old home forsaken, and more than once did they shudder at the thought of their sojourn in the Pearl of the Antilles.

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_18980520_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESSFUL HOME DYEING

WITH Diamond Dyes

Prepared specially for home use. DIA- MOND DYES can be used with the best results by persons who have never had any experience in dyeing, when the plain directions on every package are carefully followed. They dye any material—silk, wool, or cotton the most beautiful fl.st colours and shades, which fear neither sunlight nor soapsuds. It is no more trouble to dye a dress or a jacket with Diamond Dyes than to wash or clean it. Every colour is true to name, fast, dur- able and brilliant. After dyeing with any of Diamond Dyes and properly pressing, a dingy, rusty garl-aent looks bright and fresh id good as new, at cost of SIXPENCE.,

Suits, costumes, and dresses, fea- thers, gloves, rib- bons, ties and scarves, even mats, rugs and carpets, can be renovated and made to look beautiful and new by D' 'd Dyes

iamon They stand stand alone; for there are no other home dyes like them; and they produce results in every way equal to work done by a professional dyer. Be sure, then, to ask for " Diamond " Dyes. Sold everywhere, 3d. and. 6d. per packet. Pr A dainty book, entitled " Successibl Home Dyeing," and 45 samples of cloth dyes with Diamond Dyes, sent free by post. Address, DIAMOND DYES, 31 & 32 Snow Hill, London, E.G.

oterl MANDOLINES, bY reduced Prices Enormous STO. II'ITARS. VIOLINS, C. 10' _IER AND SONS, —49, LORD-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Established DAS Telephcne 5615. 010,, How is IT THAT CLARKS'S BLOOD MIXTURS.. 136 obtained such great popularity" is a question wbfet'„el, perplexed many. The answer is, that it is umouestiossve the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical All DOI brought to light. Thousands of wonderful cures 115,%.,50,`, effected by it. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Ss' Blood Diseases, Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all killuotti effects are marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. Per 2) ware of worthless imitations anu trt 01113 CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure..--, ex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges foe'e Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the ba. k. Mercury. Established upwards of 3) years. In 1,01`1,,c0a0,; each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendor to, out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the Intk,elli' Lincoln sad Midland Counties Drug Company. Advt.

/ eCiPott, -ANIS If: M1.,•,' 4. . n. 1," .. ! 1,..:,• ,A as i'fi ! , I 1 sl, •:&. an, v Anc94./ :?

'SR Tatmorr. • I t-0.11 I ,NITINR ITALIAN MA' Makers at greatly re Also BANJOS, ARCH" 45-49, T

applied patlint° DOl9. r, rel", ,15;Slire: dole' ire boo', for b PL: fibro° r 485; 'rtetev

===== 0002601_18980520_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980520_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
%,1..,

4isedE. Libera thy _

===== 0002601_18980520_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
) early was 0 l, and

===== 0002601_18980520_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
E 11 - 'OF MR. GLAD 'TONE.

...d,We deeply regret to announce that the Right Ilen. g• E. Gladstone died at Hawarilen Castle at 5 a.m. it% Thursday, As all the world knows he had !teen ping seriously ill for some weeks, and the daily 'elalletins which had ben so anxiously awaited, tiach chronicled a further advance in the venerable Statesman's weakness. idisileatt was not unexpec- ted, but this cannot in the slightest lessen the Pei/Plant grief which will be 144 in every ,qsarter of the the news traverses. us ha come to an end the most distinguished Iggeteical career of the century. Though out of a" powe tof r, and despite his ailment and ariyan . 11 fes years, Mr. Gladstone continued to mani- t a calng Voige-b:P interest in the welfare of themation,his half 'lng raised in nomncettain manner on b, this be-1 the suffering Arm m enians,be being oved ai:dall other undertakings of his life, by a! Strong Ms last Public passion to uplift the oppressed. e appearance was in September of last ; Sear' when he performed the opening ceremony in Connection with the Victoria Jubilee Bridge across ;he River Den,almost within view of his residence.' ,All those present on that interesting, and destined '0 become historic occasion, noticed that although Mr, Gladstone appearedto be very feeble in bodily health—evidently feeling the burden of his 87i Years—his intellect was as keen and playful' ever, while the voice which thrilled the hearts of thousands and commandedl the astentrig applause of senates rangl ''iTt sonorous and clear as of yore. From this time e_le health gradually began to fail, and during h 6 _ a.N' in the Routh of France came reports showin tthat the giant strength of the veteran states- *, at last fading away. He suffered greatly from neuralgia, and nature ,of - ultimately symptoms manifested themselves which left no room for doubt as to the fatal the ailment from which he was suf- fering. 0 e come to England and went to stay at urnemouth, but his health did not improve, and subsequently returned to Hawarden. His power- -111 nature was not disturbed by the knowledge of I,ne fatal nature of his illness, and his attitude was described as one of serene joy and resignation, his eniet pleasure consisting in music. Mrs. Gladstone and the whole of the other mem- ..!es of the family were with the right hon. gentle- wan when he passed away. 411, TRE STORY ,OF •GLADSTONE'S I

the subject upon "nnm. addressed his fellow legislators. Replying to Lord Howiek tupon the question of slavery, he expressed himself as opposed to slavery but not in favour of ill-considered and precipitate enfranchisement. At the end of 1834, on the dissolution of the Melbourne Ministry, Mr. Gladstone was asked by Sir Robert Pee/ to accept the office ota junior Lord of the Treasury. Ad- vanceinent soon came, for in the February follow- ing he was selected for the post of Under Secretary for the Colonies. In the month, how- ever, Lord John Russell introduced a motion as to the temporalities of the Irish Church, which evoked Mr. Gladstone's vigorous opposition; but the Ministry were defeated, and Lord Melbourne again came into power. In June, 1837, came the death, of King William IV., and this led to another General Election. On this occasion Mr. Gladstone, who had now obtain et a five year? acquaintance with Parliamentary proctdure, was again returned for Newark—still in the Tory interest, let it be observed. In 1841 Lord John Russell was defeated in the House of Commons and under the premiership of Sir Robert Peel

Ma. GLADSTONE BECAME VICE PRESIDENT OP TRE

BOARD OF TRADE and Master of the Mint. In the Corn Law debates which took place in the years 1841 and 1842 he took a prominent part and it is stated that the revised tariff scheme was mainly his work, though he was opposed to Mr. Villiers, the leader of the Repeal party. In Iti43 Mr. Gladstone was made President of the Board of Trade; but after a couple of years' tenure of this office he resigned, owing to his opposition to the extension of the Maynooth Grant and the establishment of the non-sectarian colleges. In i 1846 Sir Robert Peel gave up the reffis of office, it having .become apparent that he could TM count upon the support of certain members of his Government on the ques- tion of the Corn Laws, though it was apparent that a revision was inevitable and was, in fact, impending. Llrd John Russell was requested to form an Administration, but he declined to under- take the onerous duty at this juncture, the consequence being that Sir Robert Peel returned to power. Mr. Gladstone acted in this Ministry as Colonial Secretary and eat in the House of Commons as Member for Oxford University.

-... , ~.., ~ .. \ ,:•-.T.,/ pifi4.,......___ • ----,,,, fr r 244,,"*4-. . -;, 4,'•'- '-‘i:,4,;7'.-') ' ,‘ - - ' , •-•:. `.. ....':••..'s• :. ' '',. ,• . t.,.-:_ ri,"9•4?.' .7, --:. .:'‘:" ' .;i- :..--.'-i,..*-:---,-- ‘''''t\'":-..tA,Ar . -,i-9.,4-o,'. ',-_,:::' :.x\ 4 ,-..-1i,03‘..-, •".,- !,,Noti, i v l-f\ , f . . i .!:\'' . • • ,V. \k, l'" ..-- ' --.:,--,..,,,e:...,1, •,- • •"•, • ;:.-4,,,,,-.':-... ~ ~ ,',, . ,/,/ -.ri.4,,,i.c :.-,....;„- -if-' ..?"..1,,, 1k , \,.\ ) ;//,, l ;.:-..---,.-,,,,--:-- -- = - iy. A.--. '. ; ' ii, , 4,,N /i !,____,____,. .----% *iv-- ,;r...:1 ,fri,iti / . ~,,,,, -,--,_-_:_-_-_,-,,,,,,,,,/ ~::.z.r- . ,1 1 i -'r.-, - - --__.- 'i.,`.-V•-,-',..,,,.-," ' f""'///,'/npe•f,-ii'J'iiii .f.,', - i tr•-,-A--- 4%Pifilly, -,.;.. 7 ti • i //e/ li 1,1 0-1,1411910 I 0: ,(11 I Ne Ail e P4'1,1/1111111t4S - ; ~e^. 11104W-.------ —'— d 1 ~ ;1;0! :.......,_ ---- , 0 or _.........,..-- . _ .........„......„- WWI lie

===== 0002601_18980520_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
CAREER.

~_"The Grand Old Man." Such is • the simply 1270rded but very eloquent description of William 44wart Gladstone. As originally applied it but zil2nveyed the expression of the respect and venera- `loll a the members of the erstwhile leader's arty; bat it has-become a title familiar to the World, and has been generally accepted as that r‘hieh most admirably fits "the old man eloquent." ircliticians will be.found to unite in expressing the seeling that in Mr. Gladstone the country had the . brillis,nt statesman of the .age. Prominent tiatio men in the lesser states of Europe have dubbed 4' The Bismarck of Italy" and the "et ; in the case of the "Grand Old Man" such a ,Comparison is impossible, for by general consent it '8 conceded that he stands in the very forefront of tile great minds of this or any other epoch in the Worlds history. Lest this should appear extrava- gant laudation, it is desirable to ,point to the tributes which have proceeded from all English- Ortidn!„natirs• In the United States the name ne "" been one to oonjure with and the great statesman has over been acclaimed by the Popfruel e. at,i,ons of those states rightly struggling to Political opponents have readily reoog• teed that in paying such a tribute to the late Liberal chief they have been honouring themselves in thus doing honour to one of Britain's noblest 110ne• The career has been lustrous and distin- Knished, and for upwards of half a century Mr. '4ladstone has played a prominent part in the pairs of the E:npire. By his consistent conduct fle has won the cordial regard of all who take even a remote interest .in political atters, and his sturdiest opponents politic- are first with the admission that the ::_e:Mrse of Mr. Gladstone has been ,happily Zfrom the stain of unworthiness. It has been ell said that "an honest man's the noblest work of and it is in the spirit of a recognition of this that the least sentimentally minded is, force,per- impelled to pay homage to the memory of a,s of the most extraordinary intellects that hae 4PPeared in modern times. EARLY LIFE. It has often been Maimed by Scotsmen that the )11:10ed of their race flowed z.,ngly in the veins of r• Gladstone. The' ike claim is well supported t3' fact will be conc,:eti when it is stated that both lrents came from over the border. The father. kieJohn Gladstone, M.P., was a ciecesstul corn erehant who came from Leith to Liverpool and II dint of bringing into play sterling ability raised thilleelf to a position of eminence amongst the men. F3.ents of the great Northern port. The wife of 4lie°hl3 Gladstone was Ann, daughter of Al!. dm;r,„,e'N Robertson, of Stornoway, who was in his Of Itreovost of Dingwall. We have it on the best thai74,44thority—that of Mr. Gladstone himself— am— "us great chieftain was proud of his lineage Th 2 of the fact that he was of middle class origin. .future premier was born at Liverpool the fitivclos date being December 29th, 1809, or some short of ten years earlier than the time ii Queen Victoria first saw the light. He was kutieeted at Eton and at Christ Church, Oxford, earol:he interesting stories are told concerning the re„...7 Promise of the man. He was encouraged to :41 out questions and by bringing into play the t4B4trientative faculties he trained himself to be 44'1V the most brilliant debaters of his time. Both (‘ iztdencies and Tory principles. At school he con- On and Oxford he developed High Church Zalted largely to the Eton Miscellany, and when te:aiXford he took a prominent part in the pro. sttolrlBB of the famous Union.' He was ever ph:+lous and was ranked by his fellow collegians as 113„of the "serious" class of 'Varsity men. In qaZi after having had a distinguished scholastic 44—"1,r. he married Miss Catherine Glynne, ter of Sir Stephen a Glynne, of 'reward= It ENTRANCE INTO POLITICS. 114,1 is.."l/3 in 1832, just alter the first Reform Bill latt3 passed, that Mr. Gladstone made his Oeni'..4ete public life. He first sat in the House of 4,46 One an the Tory Member for Newark, being th 7 its the nominee of the Duke of Newcastle okictid_exclusion of Serjeant Wilde, the popular ttade Z'Y'• In May of the following year (1833) lr the v.:418 first speech in the House which was in ricv 7tFre to be the scene of so many of his orato.vriunp-t.._, Pus and it will be interesting to state

===== 0002601_18980520_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
VISIT TO ITALY.

Shortly after the death of Sir Robert Peet—to be precise, it was in the year 1850—Mr. Gladstone visited Naples, the outcome being the publication of those memorable letters concerning the scandalous condition of the Italian prisons. It was darling this visit that he laid the foundations of his future friendship with Cavour and Garibaldi. During this .period he severed himself from the Tories. In 1852 he joined Lord Aberdeen's Government as • Chan- cellor of the Exchequer.; but with the collapse of that Ministry after the Crimean War he was de- prived of office. Later ,on the Earl of Derby selected him as Lord High ,Commissioner to the lonian Islands. In 1859 he was again a Cabinet Minister as Chancellor of the Exchequer under Lord Palmerston. He had by this time established for himself a reputation as a master of finance, and his speeches upon the commerce of the country and kindred topics were distinguished from the ordin- ary dry-as.dust orations which had until then passed muster, for they were invested with considerable eloquence and were couched in convincing language. There was no wonder, then, that his Budgets .'were looked forward to with more than ordinary Interest. Incidentally it may be said that it was In 1861 that some sensation and not a little delight Was caused by the announcement of Mr. Gladstone that the obnoxious paper duty would be repealed. In 1865 there came a dissolution of Parliament, and In the election which ensued Mr. Gladstone was unfortunate enough to lose his seat at Oxford. He was returned for South Lancashire, however, splen- did receptions being accorded to him at Liverpool and Manchester. In the same year Lord Palmers- ton died and Earl Russell succeeded to the .Premiership, MR. GLADSTONE LEADING THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. The new Reform Bill was introduced and the formation of a "cave" in the House led to the •downfall of the Ministry. This was in 1866, and .the Earl of Derby came into power, Mr. Disraeli (afterwards Earl of Beaconsfield) leading the Wirer House. In 1867 the Derby Administration per. sformed the historic operation of "dishing the Whigs" by passing a Reform Bill. In this year Mr. Gladstone made his famous •declaration in favour of disestablishing the Irish ,Church. Early in 1868 Mr. Disraeli succeeded to the high office of Premier; but his term was corn. !paratively short on this occasion, for in the follow- ing November Parliament was dissolved. In the election which followed Mr. Gladstone lost his seat for South-west Lancashire and was returned for Greenwich. In the following year (1869) he became PREMIER FOR. TEE FIRST TIME. During the five years to 1874, when another dis- solution of Parliament occurred, many highly im- portant statutes were added to the list. It was ill this period that the disestablishnient of the Irish Church became an accomplished fact, and even while the whole of Europe was excited and in. throated by the hostilities between France and Germany the British Parliament found time and opportunity to pass the Elementary Education Act (one of the most beneficent measures of the cen- tury), the Irish Land Act, the Ab ,lition of Pur- chase in the Army, the Act for abolishing Univer- sity Tests, and the Ballot Act. The Government were defeated on the Irish University Education Bill, and Mr. Disraeli(one of the most brilliant states- men of our times and the stoutest opponent of the great Liberal leader through a long series of years) returned to power in 1874. At that time Mr. Gladstone (who was a man of 65 years of age) decided to retire from the leadership of the Liberal party and he was succeeded by the Marquess of Hartington (now Duke of Devonshire). The "Grand Old Man's" absence from the political arena was not, however, of long duration. In 1875 he emerged from his retirement to lead a great national demonstration against the Bulgarian atrocities of the Turks. In 1879 he first visited Midlothian and in the following year, at another dissolution, he was returned for the Scottish con stituency and became

===== 0002601_18980520_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
PREMIER FOR THE SECOND TIME.

Between 1880 and 1885 a large batch of useful enactments were passed. Toese ilieluded the third Reform Act, the Redistribation Act (under which was secured the most thorougo &lenge in the electoral system of the country yet made), the second Irish Land Act, the Employers' Liability Act, and so forth. In the autumn of 1885 Parlia- ment was dissolved and Mr. Gladstone was re. elected by an overwhelming majority for Mid- lothian. The Administration of the Marquess of Salisbury had not a lengthy existence, for early in 1886 the "Grand 0; to rpr.pi vor) another

FLORILINE I—Foe THE TEETH AND PREATH.—Thoroughly I ;cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens ;the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay. and Rives to the; teeth a peculiar Dearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance: to the breath. Price 2s. 6(1. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriline "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.--, Advt.

I VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR ItENEwitn, for it will positively restore, in every ease, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting :the growth, Price 3s. 6d, rer battle.-4 art.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AATINNI% FitIDAY, MAY 20, 1698.

summons from the Queen. On this oc(%sion he became First Lord of the Treasury and Keeper of the Privy Seal. It was in this year that the famous split occurred in the Liberal party. In consequence of differences of opinion concerning Mr. Gladstone's Irish policy the Marquess of Hartington and Sir Henry James, now Lord James (both of whom had been his cidlesgues formerly) decffned to join Ur= Cabinet, and almost immediately afterwards Mr. Chamberlain and Mr. Trevelyan (now Sir George Trevelyau, Bart.) resigned. On April 8 Mr. Gladstone introduced the

===== 0002601_18980520_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
lIOMB BULB BILL

in a great speech which created a sensation throughout the country, the Irish Laud Purchase Bill following a few days later. The Government were defeated by a majority of 30, this being largely attributable to the defection of the Liberal- Unionist section. The resignation of the Ministry followed, the appeal to the country leading to the defeat of Mr. Gladstone's party. The Liberal chief was returned for both Leith and Midlothian, and he chose his old constituency. In 1888 Mr. Gladstone visited Italy, and on July 25, 1889, he celebrated his golden wedding. The anniversary of his birthday in 1890 was marked by the unveil- ing of a memorial fountain at Hawarden which had been erected to commemorate the golden wedding. In 1892 another Midlothian campaign was engaged In and in the autumn of the same year the veteran leader was returned to power for a fourth time. In April, 1893, the Home Rule Bill passed the House of Commons but was rejected in the House of Lords. In the early part of 1894

MR. GLADSTONE RESIGNED THE PREMIERSHIP,

the chief cause being that he was suffering from cataract in both eyes, and on March 3 he delivered up the seals of office, Lord Rosebery succeeding him. A couple of months later a successful opera- tion was performed for the removal of the cataracts and during the summer the aged statesman appeared to get coutinuously stronger. In August, 1895, he appeared in public at Chester and made an impassioned speech on the Armenian question. It was in that year that his connection with the House of Commons (which had extended over a period of something like 60 years) terminated, for at the General Election in that year he did not seek re-election. It will be remembered that the only occasions since then on which the right hon. gentleman took part in public matters were in relation to the agitation against the Armenian atrocities.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Al A LITERARY MAN.

One of the most extraordinary features of the character of Mr. Gladstone has been his many- sidedness, if one ni,,y fitly use the expression. His fund of information on all sorts of topics has often amazed listeners, while his literary work would have served to bring an ordinary man to the front. Nothing seems to have come amiss to him, and his writings range from dissertations on theological themes to Greek transla.Dions and renderings of Latin verse. One of the most beautiful settings which proceeded from Mr. Gladstone't pen was his Latinising of the familiar hymn " Roe a of ages." As to his general literary work, it ought to be said that early in his career he published "The State In its relations with the Church,' While in 1851 his pamphlet on the Neapolitan atrocities created a great sensation. " Studies in Homer" and "Ju- ventus Mundi " followed, and amongst the other notable works which have proceeded from his pen may be mentioned "The Impregnable Rock of Holy Scripture."

===== 0002601_18980520_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Ills 1.1021 Z

--- --- Nothing could have been more touching than the life-long devotion of \! re. Gladeznee to her distin- guished spouse. No snore grace:Ail allusion has been made to this domestic felicity than that which Mr. Justin McCarthy, M.P.. introduces into his splendidly written " Life of Giadetoue." Here it is "Without in the least, degree invading the sacred domain of a great man's private life, it may be said that no marriage could possibly be more happy than that of Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone. The pair were young together, heeaane mature together, and grew old together. Ido net mean to say that they passed their lives in the same dwelling ; but what I do mean to say is that they were always thoroughly together in purpose and in spirit, in heart and in soul. There never,could have been a wife more absolutely devoted to her husband and to his cause than Mrs. Gladstone. There was something unspeakably touching even to mere casual observers like myself, in the tender care which she always lavished upon him—a care which advancing years seemed rather to increase than to diminish. One was reminded eometimes of the saying of Burke that he never had an outside trouble in his life which did not vanish at the sight of his wife when he crossed :the threshold of his home."

To sum up: Mr. Gladstone has been a veritable Bayard in political life, for he has been truly with- out fear and without reproach. An uncompromis- ing yet generous opponent, he has ever been a loyal and sincero friend, and he has invariably been found ranged on the side of right against wrong. His eloquence was from the heart, and, though scathing in his denunciations of iniquity, there ran through the speeches a strain of high- souled appreciation of all efforts of a noble character that appealed to the political enemy as well as to the staunch admirer. A typical Briton, he has evinced the possession of the most admirable attributes of the British character, and the stern- est of his political adversaries will not willingly • grudge him the tribute of having been amongst the worthiest of the nation's sons. Let this appreciation close with the beautiful lines which Shakespeare puts into the mouth of "Gaunt" •fßichard )

afore are men's minds rnark'd than their lives before.. The setting stm and music at the close. A. the last taste of meta, is sweetest last, Will in remembrance mom than things long past.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
OUT IN THE RAIN.

WHAT THE GARDENER KNEW.

1 1 THE South Wales Times reports an interesting affair at I Scyborwen, Llangibby. Mr. I. W. Locke, a gardener, 1 'well-known locally, told the stem He is described as al modest and well-spoken young fellow. ...Working in the rain," he il..id, "in September, I got lwet through, and the result was that I got a Severe chill. II had pains in the legs,headache„and a trem ndous pain in my left side. I had to stop work. Doctors said it would take a long time to cure me. I was ill for several imonths, and could scarcely eat anything. I was one ,crntinual ache from my head downwards. I seemed more tired when I rose in the morning th .n at night.and Imy appetite was completely gone. I would go for three • four days taking nothing but a little tea." "But you seem all right now. What is the cause of this change ?"

Rwou

'or

" Why! I was recommended to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People hv a lady, ho had tried them herself with good effect. I got a hex at once : tint be-1 log so feeble,it was aims eight or ten days before I felt, !better. / peroevered,however, and in about three weeks .all the distressing (1{ mptima gradually disappeased,and 'in a month I was able to work. I toak three bores in !all,and now feel quite weq. If I have • alight headache Italte one or two of the Pills and they at like magic. I was becoming weaker every day until I commencedl taking the Ms." I _ -

The interviewer theroughly satisfied himself that these statements were perfectly genuine and free from kexaggeration. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are nor like other medicine,and their effects are permanent,curing paraly- sis, locomotor Rta ay , rheumatism, intuenze anaemia, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, neuralgia, St. vitue dance. and nervous headache. They are obtainable of Oil ishemists.and from Dr. Williams Medicine Company, 46,1 Holborn Viaduct, London, at 2s. 9& ahox, or six forl In. 91., but are genuine only with full name. Dr. Wil- liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. For persons in need of S tonic—prompt, unmistakeable in benefit given, and perfectly safe—nothing better can be found.

dim

1 THE W ERT LANCASHIRE COAL INDUSTRY. The report of the Inspector of Mines for the iLiverpool district for 1897 was published on Tues- fday, and shows that there were 54.369 personal $ employed at the pits in West Lancashire, Flintshire rand Derbyshire, the number employed in West lLancashire alone being 42,705. or practically the ame number as in the preceding year. The in- /spectors says :—"Since the great strike of 1893 Oifficulties with regard to waves in this district' bave been notably absent. Thus we see that a., ;strike, which is looked upon by many as a barbar-1 i,ous resort, is not altogether evil, since it la a means cif getting quit of bad blond and making things run smoother later on. There are times when it is 'better for both contending parties that they should t ,come to actual blows." The output of coal in West 'Lancashire was 12,373,909 tons, and the average keelling'price at the pit was about 55.91. per ton.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
'OAPLT'tL" C RAT.

fl --- 4 The idea of Lifeboat Satur lay, yriginciy P ' . borrowed from Manchester. appears likely to bear t, permanent fruit in London. The essay made on Saturday was planned and carried out witn mach energy and perseverance by several leading ladies 'in the West End, who had organised a perfect 1, -'system of collecting tables at the most prominent points. Touting, however, was not carried on to ' any objectionable extent, and anything in the shape of annoying toot passengers was discountenanced. A fine afternoon favoured outdoor demonstra- tion with processions at Bermondsey and Lewisham, .!and in the evening the collection-boxes were indus- s tri .usly circulated among the audiences in certain 1 theatres.

I an told on what should be good authority that ithe Bishop of London has fully made up his mind Ito take action in regard to those extreme churches lin his diocese which have been specially brought lunder his notice. But it is by no means so certain 'that his efforts will be attended with success. The 'debate in the Upper House of Convocation made it clear that the bishops are still determined to adhere to their policy of " no prosecutions," and the ex- treme clergy aimed at are not all anxious to submit to the wishes of an individual bishop. It is under- stood, however, that the Bishop of London will first try moral suasion, in the hope that extreme practices may be abated. If this should fail and his formal monition be disregarded, thee he will be forced to inhibit the offending incumbent from officiating anywhere outside his own church. Such a sign of episcopal displeasure would be severely felt by many, and the moral effect would, it is be- lieved, be great. The curates will also be placed under the episcopal ban by having their licences withdrawn. This, at any rate, is what is understood in well-informed Church circles to be the Bishop's plan of campaign.

Ilwi

Acircular published here by one of the leading manufacturers of packet tobaccos, announcing that the reduced duty which came into force yesterday ,will not cause any alteration in prices,has caused a good deal ot surprise. These tobaccos, I may ex- !plain, are scarcely affected by the regulation reduc- ing the quantity of water which tobacco may con- ttain. It is the cheapest kinds, such as roll and Ishag, that will have to be drier in future. Packet tobacco has never been charged to the full amount with moisture, and the reduction in duty, as far as this is concerned, ought tog" to the consumer,after allowance has been made for the rise in leaf tobacco caused by the war. At the outside, two- pence per pound is ample to cover this, leaving four pence for the congumer,or a farthing off every ounce But this, it appears, the manufacturers have deci- ded to keep for themselves,if the public allow them. As it may be .taken that eleven million pounds of leaf approximately are used for pacerets, it follows that whot these makers propose to do is to take £lBO,OOO per year from consumera on the pretence of supplying a drier tobacco.

lAs to the effect of Mr. Chamberlain's speech abroad, there can be no doubt that it has been of the worst possible kind. lam informed to-day on what 1 believe to be good authority that an am- bassador af one of the Great Powers in London has ,in private conversation spoken very freely about ithe effect of deliverances '3 f this kind on the part of i.esponsible members of the Cabinet. If, he said in !effect, the speech were merely to be regarded as in- tended for consumption in the constituencies, it might and would be passed over, but a repetition of tspeeches of this kind could not be ignored by the !Governments of the Continent, and might eventu- ally lead to reprisals. There was even a rumour to-night that the Russian Ambassador—who is not the diplomatist to whom I have just referred—had offered an informal protest against the language employed by Mr. Chamberlain in regard to Russian iplomacy, This is possibly mere speculation, but it indicates the sense which exists of the indiscre- tion of some of the passages of the speech. Mean- while, however, the outcry which has arisen does not seem to have effected Mr. Chamberlain person- ally. It is said by his friends that he was never in better spirits or more satisfied with his own posi- tion than ha is just now.

A novel suggestion was made to Mr. Balfour by Mr. William Allan to the . effect that the Govern- ment should bring in a My to enable the Prime Minister to speak in both his Houses of Parliament. Mr. Balfour laughed at the proposal as one utterly 'ellen to the Parliamentary traditions of the country —a sentiment which was readily applauded by the i House of Commons. Later n the day, however,Mr. Allan bad the consolation of welcoming a number of belated converts to his new propaganda. Mem- bers who had paid a visit to the House of Lords to hear the Prime Minister came back declaring that they had discovered an irresistible argument in favour of the suggestion of the member for Gates- head.. Owing to the defective acoustics of the Gilded Chamber they had only caught some dis- jointed fragments of Lord Salisbury's speech. "He might might jnet as well have been speaking at a meeting of bankers," was the sarcastic comment ot one Lion member. The House of Commons is by no means a perfect auditorium, but it is immeasurably superior in that respect to the other chamber.

Recrimination between Mr. Healy and his imme- diate supporters on the one hand and the Welsh Radical members on the other was again a featuro of the resumed discussion . on the Irish Local Government Bill. At one point Mr. Samuel Evans was stung into accusing the imperturbable member for Louth of an attempt to usurp the functions of the leader of the House. Later in the evening bit- ter complaint was made by Mr. Evans, Mr. God- dard Mr. Henry Broadhurst, and other Liberal mem,bers of the persistent absense of the Liberal leader from the discussions on the Bill. As a matter f fact the was almost empty throughout the i Efouee ,nurse of the night's proceedings. Members, how- ever, remained within call.

4co

Mr. Asquith's speech on social reforms is wel- come, and his hard-hitting sentences on the treat- ment meted out to shop assistants will be voted iwith satisfaction. " The condition of shop assis- tants," he said, " both male _and female, but more particularly the female, constituted a crying social 1 and industrial scandal, both as regarded the hours of labour,the modes of payment,the conditions under which they had their meals and slept, and indeed missed the whole of their existence, Whether inside ar outside the counter." _Those are strong words, 'but not too strong, and I loin with Mr. Asquith in his hope that a searching investigation and a well- considered agitation may speedily pave the way for ;reform.

ligni

11113 a

'flawed

~cont

be-p

It is to be hoped that Mr. Asquith's references to the futility of the Truck Act indicate his determin- ation, when he becomes once. more the chief power in the land on social questions, to make a clean sweep of the power of fintng and deductions. Ex- Iperience has shown that there is no safe half-way !house in this matter. The .weaker workers will re- main at the mercy of their employers so long as fining is legal. In the case of the shop assistants we have shown that the new Truck Act is abso- lutely inoperative. Mr. Asqutth's allusions to the reform of the prison systeol remind one of how reach the country owes to him for the admirable initiative, now bearing fruit, which he gave to the reform movement.

InJ

1I hear that certain eupporters who have warmly defended their Far Eastern Policy so far are 'strongly urging the Government to obtain from the Chinese Government a lease of Shanghai as well as of Wei-Hai-Wei. The former place is recommended • las being not only the chief centre of our trade with China, but also as commanding the approaches to the valley of the Yangtsa Kiang. Shangha;, it is said, has another recommendation, since it may be reached within twenty days from Liverpool by the trans-Conadian and Pacific ronte. That is, it may be so reached if the Pacific steamship services are ;accelerated.

The Money-lending Committee met on Wednes- day and agreed on the bases of their report. They were quite unanimous in regard to the recommenda- tions,which will undubtedly be of a drastic char- acter. The Chairman will now proceed to draft the !report,which will be considered at future meetings.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
AMID3T WATV3L M 3

BY MR. H. WHITHAM.

I had almost written as the headline to this letter the somewhat hackneyed 'phrase, "Is civilize- a failure?" but second thougnts led me to conclude that under such a heading too much ser- monising might follow. Still the feeling is very strong within me that instead of obeyine the great Lawgiver revered by all Christians the members of the civilized world refuse utterly to "love one another," and seek only through their mental and physical abilities, how best to destroy one another. But let that pass, America is now at war with Spain, and long before this is read by my Warring- ton friends the nations of Europe may have had the opportunity, it is said they have hoped and looked for, that of seeing bow the 19th century- civilization-evolved-war-ship behaves herself. There are writers who say that the great outburst of war would have come long ere this, but that the na- tions of Europe were afraid lest the iron demons they have raised should after all prove but mon- sters created only for self-destruction. I can fancy that in Warrington there are plenty of well informed people who may ask with some I show of impatience, " Well but what is it all about, I what is America fighting with Spain about, and what does she expect to get out of a poor bankrupt nation like that?' This would be a pertinent ques- tion. Judging from such English papers as, so far, have come to hand, English readers have had scant I opportunities of knowing the great interests America has in the welfare of Cuba. Not merely pecuniary interests are involved, but humanity has, for at least three years, cried aloud for interven- tion in the affairs of desolated Cuba. Since the days of the Armada the haughty Dan has proved his unfitness to help in the great work of freeing the world from the grasp of tyranny, being him- self the greatest, as well as the most super- stitious of tyrants. From being, almost the ruler of the world, he has become the ' most effete and worn oat of nations, fit only to Iswagger around the saintly monk and the pions' ' nun. Cuba, and the Phillipine,islands are among I the fairest, and most fertile places on earth. Yet what are they at the present time ? Tne islands are in open revolt, and Cuba has for years fought for her feeedorn with a determination that commands respect. President SicKinley ice his message to I Congress says: The new and inhuman phase, happily unprecedented in the modern history of civilised Christian people, the policy of devastation and concentration, inaugurated by the Captain- General on October 21, 1896, in the province of Pinar del Rio, was thence extended to embrace all of the island to which the power of the Spanish arms was able to reach by occupation or by mili- tary operations. The peasantry,including all dwell- ing in the open agricultural interior, were driven into the garrison towns or isolated places held by the troops. The raising and movement of provi- sions of all kinds were interdicted. The fields were laid waste, dwellings unroofed and fired, mills des- troyed, and, in ehort,everything that could desolate the land and render it unfit for human habitation or support was commanded by one or other of the contending parties and executed by all the powers at their disposal. By the time the pres sent Administration took office, a year ago, recoil- centration so-called—had been made effective over the better part of the four central and western pro- vinces, Santa Clara, Matanzas. Havana and Pinar del Rio. The agricultural population, to the estimated number of 30,000 or more, was herded within the towns and their immediate vicinity, deprived of' the means of support, rendered destitute of shelter left poorly clad and exposed to the most unsatisfac- tory conditions. As the scarcity of food increased with the devastation of the depopulated areas of production,destitution and want became misery and starvation. By March, 1897, according to entser votive estimates from official Spanish sources, the mortality among the reconcentrados from starva- tion and the diseases thereto incident, exceeded 50 per cent of their total number. No practical relief was accorded to the destitute. The overburdened towns, already suffering from the general dearth, could give no aid. So-called zones of cultivation, established within the immediate area of military control about the cities and fortified camps proved illusory as a remedy for the suffering." The extract just given from the President's mes- sage is lengthy but not more than is required. The struggle may be longer and more sanguinary than some of us expect, and the Unites States Govern- ment wishes, and is anxious in this contest, which she has not by any means seught,to stand well and clear of any charges of self aggrandisement. The above quotation is not by any means sensational in its tone, nor in its trend is it exciting, it is written on conservative lines, and with the full sense of the responsibility attaching itself to exe- cutive action. The United States government has been anxious to avoid war,surely not through any pusillanimity, but as I can assure my readers because, first, from the President, Major McKinley, down to the lowest official, almost every man knows in a practical fashion what war means, and decond, there are so many features of an international character, and covered by international law which the U.S. government has been wishful to be in accord with that, to have rushed i nto war, immediately after the Maine disaster would have been criminal. I have already said that war of the most sanguinary character, and almost reaching the extermination point has been going on for years in Cuba. This led the U.S. Government to place for the defence of her citizens, and their interest a war ship. the Maine, in the harbour of Havana. Of course friendly relations existed between the two governinents,yet, on the night of the 15th of February the Maine was blown up and two hundred and fifty-eight sailors, and marines along with two officers went to their death. There can be no doubt,and there is no doubt that this disaster was brought about by Spanish treachery, although the court of enquiry, appointed by the U. S. Government, failed to locate the das- tardly wrongdoer. The President's course with res- pect to this disaster has been one, deserving of all praise. What is known here as " Yel- low Journalism, or the New Journalism" which is a natural outcome of the weak side of democratic institutions, has done its best, by sensa- tional and lying statements, to lash the people into fighting frenzy, and I have no doubt that a popular vote taken at any tine since the Maine disaster would have resulted in a demand for a declaration of war. its a matter of fact at this date of writing no declaration of war has as yet been made. I cannot pretend to go into further details of the war, as its horrid path will be followed closely by the press, and you will. like Myself, have the oppor. tunity of viewing the lurid scene each morning as you drink your coffee. The game of war is a fearful one, and not the least of its bewildering features is the feeling one always has, that unseen forces are always at work, and which the public has to wait for the future historian to lay bare. What the lady of Threadneedle-street, or the giant of Wall-street may have to do with the struggles of nations, we of the cowmen herd cannot know, " Ours net to reason why ours but to do and die," all the same we have to their struggles with foot the Bill. Nforkingmen in capital meet, nearly always, with condemnation. What shall we say of the wisdom of the struggles I between nations? What Englishman lonics backl with pride to the war with Russia? or could give, a plain statement of its why and wherefore. Barely the continued eoting of millions of pounds for war purposes is a madness without wisdom. Yet, what is known as the practical work of the world has brought America face to face with the fact that ahe cannot any longer carry out the policy of keeping herself clear of " entangling alliances." When Washington laid down this dictum as a policy he could not foresee, nor could the framers of the fa- mous American Constitution foresee the immensity of the American nation of the future. America has,' and is still more likely to have an immense corn- mercial relationship with the whole world, and she would be something more than human did she succeed in keeping clear of "entangling alliances." England has seemed during the last few months to take some pride in her "splendid isolation." She has been fain to rest satisfied with the "moral sym- pathy" of her kin beyond the sea," yet who but has felt the whole thing was but e farce. England's position in the commercial world is day by day be- coming; one of keener struggle,and it is seen that in the axiom of tht survival of the fitness, as applied to nations, the seeking of fresh woods and pastures new, has forced tbis splendid isolation upon her whether she would or no. The interests of Russia, Germany, and France are, the world over,what the interests of England are, viz : the opening up of fresh markets. It is this same anxiety on the part 110tIRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, AND mounted in Glass Cases any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made Into Rand Screens or Fire Screens, Peale in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass shades, Stags' Heads. Cabinets. store Boxes. Nets and all requisites for Butterfly and Egg Colleators.—B. EIOOKE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renghawt- street, Lilerpool Established 24 years.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
N CAM

t“. 4 A dic,*

E P.', Ili E F 3 Ei gIVE( I rti G

Fa k'rar% 1 gt PA7" M t + 4 rigreekri it k .402C.2 rat Mletaitg* A 04, v. 41 ' ir..0313E.:-,3 W3EE '32l' 01:3)r- ' Y 1 4 os i 9t • , 12 it'. • '',. .i. .. • ,?;,... J‘AV r 4 . ; I X; f 4 41 AN, Cli BE T2IS7TED FE 0 THEREFORE WRITE TO US For Dainty Sample Tin (a Postcard will del which will be sent 4.1 P a post free, If whim writing you name this Journal. l Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, ed., WI.. and 1/6. Sold by OraCery, Chemists, and Stores. 0 Ad tress : Dr. TIBBLES' VI-COCOA, Ltd., 69,61, St 62, Dunhill Row, London, l'i.C. erAg9922irACWWWIT422' k'l 7,4440rAt1ipAam,76/197:griCrir.rig7Z.77,91P1,., ralillratilreasYVlratOraerAlr ,iigs-Niswa,a, egril,'V ANY4V..4,0%.44,..C,AM1Wi11AZ1M

r:4•s7,‘,Nr,AZ;v4t,-VA.VrAm gWA'grAw74%, 70,N-4•Aw,

===== 0002601_18980520_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
of governments to find outlets for the produce of their teaming millions that brought about the desire to pounce upon, and divide China. This dividing of China is a matter that England may well be careful about. To half a dozen nations owning the country with only artificial lann marks to keep them asunder must mean either work for the diplomat. or the keeping of immense standing armies always on guard.. _ _

Tle position taken by the after-dinner speakers, who so opportunely came to the front, was admir- able, but why the back-down? It was characteristic of English dignity to push for ward its home policy, but when once responsible statesmen had declared the ports of China should be kept open, and free to to the world it seems beyond beliet that an ignoble back-down should immediately come about. The unexpected, an I the unforeseen come upon as in politics as in our private affairs, and a short three months ago no one could have foreseen the pessible drawing together of the English speaking races, yet this is now a matter upon. which mem- bers of the House of Commons, the people of the street, the press, and I suppose not "least of all your own poetlaureate are dwelling upon with the keenest interest. America with her republican and and democratic institutions seems to stand as a menace to the monarchical institutions of Europe and it is felt they view her with no favour. The Monroe doctrine, with its hands off policy has few friends on the Earopeon Continent, England alone sees no menace in it. It fits well te the sitr ation of Canada as a British colony, and it may be that this same doctrine may be the band that shall bind mother and daughter together. If this should be AO it would mean a worlds alliance of the English speaking race, and would surely be taken as a guarantee for the world's peace and pro- gress. It alasuld do something more than this, it wmild draw the venom from the Irish vote in America and would be a fit consumriation to the work that has been going on for years in the great r religious, social and philanthropic bodies. America is not at present seeking this alliance. She is able to deal with Spain, your post laureate makes a great mistake when he quotes America as saying : What is the voice I hear

On the winds a the Western sea? Sentinel, listen. from our Cape Clear, And say what the voice may be. " Tie a Proud free People calling lon t ta people proud and free. And it says to them : "Kinsmen, hail

We svered 'nave been too Now let us have done with a worn-out tale, The tale of ancient wrong. And o r friendship last long as our love cloth, and be stronger than death is strong " It smacks somewhat of an insult to American feel- ings to make this sentinel of Cape Clear call aloud for English help in dealing with a fourth rate power like Spain. In preparing the way for an al- liance with America, English statesmen will look around for the stumbling blocks that stands in the way. They are numerous and one of the foremost is the Behring sea question. It seems to me that this apple of discord, while being very bitter to the Americans, might easily be hurled into oblivion by the British Government. Tha American Govern- ment has every argument on its side, more especi- ally does it put forward the plea of humanity in the pelagie fishing. We shall all wait for developments, the next few weeks may settle a number ot questions, and they may cause a demand for new maps, anything more serious we will not think. about. 2499,Mission-street,..7an Francisco,Calif.April 23rd, 1898.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CURSE

OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence, by Dr. Sands' Liver Seeds; or money refunded. The tiniest vegetable seed on earth that will cure you. One seed a dose. One bottle sufficient for any ordinary case. 244 seeds in a bottle. New Grand Discovery. Will cure : Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion. Wind on Stomach. Dyspepsia. Nervous Disorders. Siok Headaches. Female Ailments. Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. Of all medicine dealers at ninepence per bottle, or post free upon receipt of nine penny stamps. Bands' Medicine Co., 25 Hart Street, Bloomsbury, London. Mention this paper. (ccryamtm

===== 0002601_18980520_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WA.RRINGTON TEMPERANCE FEDERATION.

The annual meeting of the above Association was held in the Horsemarket-st.Cocoa Rooms on Friday evening, the chair being occupied by Councillor Ellison. There was a good attendance. Mr. W. ROBBRTS, secretary, read the report for the year ending December 31, 1897, which stated that at the last Brewster Sessions applications were made to the magistrates for increased drinking facilities in the shape of new premises and full licenses in lieu of beer licenses. As an inducement it was offered to give up certain licenses in congested districts if full licenses were granted in other parts of the town. This offer was accepted by the licensing committee in certain cases, notwithstand- ing the opposition ably conducted on behalf of a number of inhabitants. The report goes on to say this seems to be the latest move on behalf of the trade, and it behoved the magistrates to cetiously consider their responsibilities in the face of increased drinking amongst the younger portion of the community, and also amongst women. The report referred to the success of the Sunday evening lectures in the Winwick•street Co-opera- tive Hall. They rejoiced that the County magis- trates at Daresbury again refused to grant the license for a new hotel at Latchford Locks, thanks to the strong opppsition of the Ship Canal authori- ties and also to the unanimous opposition of the residents in the immediate vicinity. They are greatly pleased to record the fact that the Borough Magistrates following the example of the Justices of Liverpool and other cities and towns have unanimously agreed to instruct the Chief Constable to bring under their notice any publican known to sell intoxicating drink to children under thirteen years of age, arid also that the Watch Committee has confirmed this instruction. The needs of the Temperance movement are pressing and of urgent importance. If some of their wealthy friends would assist them to build a "Temperance. Hail," and thus provide a counter attraction to the allurements of the Public House as well as a Home for Temperance Workers, and also as a means of strengthening those who were weak in resisting the temptation of strong drink, they would greatly encourage those who through good and evil report had honestly and conscienti- ously given their best service to the cause of Tem- perance. The financial statement showed that the expendi- ture for the year had been £5O 141 8(3, and the re- ceipts .£6O lie Ild, leaving a balance in band of 1.£9 17s 3d. -

The report and statement of accounts were unanimously adopted, and the officers of the Federation were re-appointed.

A resolution was 8140 unanimously passed con- gratulating Alderman Roberts upon his elevation co the Aldermanie Bench.

The Chairman's services were acknowledged, and the meeting terminated.

On the Ilth inst., a terrible gale visited the prefecture of gwato, on the North-Bast coast of Japan. which was ravaged by the great tidal wave in 1896, Over 200 fishing boats and 1,500 rent are missing.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
HOMING.

WARRINGTON AND DISCRICI. FIOMING SOCIETY.

The above society held their first old bird race of Ch-si season on Saturday from Worcester, a distance ef eighty-four miles, and twenty-six members competed. sending 460 birth in all. Mr. J. Buckley liberated the birds at 11 45 a.m., with the wind blowing N. W. Rosulta :—Wiltiain Limb 1044, G. Moncreff 1041, R. Wricht 1028, G. 14 -mcreff 1026, G. Tin,perley 1026, W. C. Lynam 1021, J. (Nan, 1020, H. Clare 1013, F. Moot 1013, M. Baxti:r 1005, G. Viriehtman 1005, W. C. Lymm 1000, 11. F. Greenough 997, J. Timperlev 991. S. J. woodcock 985, W. Leigh 982, R. Wright 980 H. Clare 973, J. Eigeley 973, J. Recliffe 970, T. Miller 970 E Burrows 968, W Haworth 967, H. Moston 960, F. moor 960, H. Clare 954, W. Unaworch 954 T. Pigot 944 P. flou‘rht.an 946, E. Burrows 932, H. Woodward 918,3. Naylor 911. an.i F Pigot 888 WARRINIGI On WORKING-MEN'S SOCIET Y.

This club flew the;r bird race on Saturday. front Worcester 84 miles), 20 to mbers compering with 24a birds, which were liberated by Messrs Buckley and Jaues at 11 54 : wind N. W. result :—..kraos 1,088. B. Bolton 1056, James 1041, Smith 1001, Barber 973, Bracegirdle 969, Smith 950, Taylor 94 J. Bnitnn 926, Shaw 921. Ssolcion 920 9 Lythzoe 920. Ile4lay (2), 919, Clare 892, Taylor 878, Wood ward 870, Bashould 869. Healey (2) 866, W,lker 853, R;chardson 837, Elwell 829. Grace and Hickman did not verify. Turner wired wrong tfivrihpr R. Bolton'a socond bird disqualified.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
171 O MiGood • • .. •

I

1 -----, ' S 1171:- 4 Fil - -' ; . ;.....!,-.- '0 If . - 0:a 1k4.4..6.4:, IF* li -

===== 0002601_18980520_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
if iMas

ii 1 EX T 11. A. C T OF Tall-IaBSI' FOR MAKING NON-INTOXIGAIING e Imitated but not equalled lOn e lable-spoonf inc. hi aeon's g %street of Herbs make. One Gallon of Beer. A it

lions PRIME BEER (Won-Intoxicating). The mon pelneble, tharete quenching, refreshing, animating tints drink produce- able. For every OPEN.A.IR WORKER and all employed in Shope, Mills, Manufastories. and Mines. Of all chemnsts and stores, or of NEWBALL & MASON Nottingham Sample Bottle Free 9 Stamps, 2 for 15 Stamps.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
QUOITS.

BLACK BEAR, LATCIIFIED, v. STAR INN, STATELAX,—. A match 132 tween the at:Jove clubs was played at Stat• ham, on Saturday, and after a clo4ely contested gaMa resolf.ed in favour of Black Bear by four points. Score:—

===== 0002601_18980520_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACK BEAR.

STIR INN. W Pianington 5 W Hill Tom Lea T Nixon It Looker l3 A Maisey J Bradshaw G Taylor l3 C Lockver Tat I aylor Jim Taylor 3 T Percival l3 W Boardman... 6 F Mirrington . l3 W Houghten l3 T Pike S J Carter l3 :WI 12 T Newton F %night

Total 126

Total ln

I,

•

i ' f ' 0 I 4 ..•,, rl. ' • • 4 S.

'

I I ts• ~ -:= ' 41' -.'• ; ) L Ll 1: i 1,'.. k:. • ~'`: ' 1 i.: •:::,,

I. AIN.: •

ANTBD,

.r...4.,-, I It ft *

II

I.FIT ~4:

ikr• t 4

F.-

It

, , , r . • ~,[ 4,

I

Cru_eti

IV

I

. - -.. . 1 .7,..',:!, .•-• .; ~ „ .... ,A .. ". •i, 1,7::.;T-, , ;1;' iftir,,: ,

Ije "Citzminrr" trte.fs

ON Lem &SHIN. AND CHESHIRE COUNTY SE:WSPYPE.T P : Comprises

THE Warrington and _kid- C4eshir! Examiner, put:-. tithed every Saturday morning. rrEig Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published ev.ery Friday afternoon. rr HF. Bt. Helens Examiner, published every Friday eftornoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning, and TE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning

.YREPAID ADVERTISIIMBNTS. SITUATIONS W.eirrai, APARTMENTS TO BE:LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR b ALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.

HOBS" AND OTHER PREMISES TO B 3 LET OR SOLI. One Three Six ords., Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ....... Os 8d ... Is 3d 2s Od 27 36 ...... ... ls Od 28 64 ... 48 Od 45 54 above charges are for PREPAYMENT only No Advertise Inient inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. iDomtstir berbants, Srr.

NVANTED, a GENERAL SERVANT, age about 20. Apply 141, MANCHESTER ROAD.

Boithiort.

good MINERAL; three In family, no children; pod wages.—Mrs. Pens, Withenshswe-road, Bale.

tiIIANTED at once, godd ORNICSAL ; one child. state VT wages.—Address, PARKES, 43, Hall-street, Stockport.

'WANTED, a goOd GEN RAL for kitchen and to assiat in IT the bar.—Addreas : ODDFELLOWS ARMS, BarkAtOWLI.

BtifANTED. GIRL from 14 to 16 yearn, to assist with house work.—MAcNaus, Grange Farm, Worsley, Manches- ter.

- WANTBD. at once clom, trustworthy GIRL; 16 or 17 ; .washing put out ; n children.-31, ATONDALE-ROAD, Southport. •

'OREN REGISTRY, for SERVA.NTS.—Cook GENE/IAL .12 and good Generals Wauted.-46), CHEETHAM HILL - 1101 D, Manchester.

IVrANTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT; part washing; V Y good wages.—Apply R. PLUMB, Confectioner. Deep- dale-road. Preston.

WANTED, experienced HOUSBMAII3 WAITRESS; wages £lB.--Dirs. 11. HALLSWORTH, Registry. 37. Orme-street. Oldham.

ViTANTBD, SITUATION as GROOM where Coachmsn is kept; drive if required ; good ref erenees.—Cooenn, Roden, Wellington, alop.

WANTED, COOKS (20-E25). Waitresses, Under-House- rnalds, Cook-Generals, Kitchenmalds. 23, ALMA- Birkdale. Southport.

11011CLACKPOOL. WANTBD Barmaids, Waitresses etc. Fee ls.atamp.addreas,DßlNtATic and BMPSONMENT AGENCY a Central Beach, Blackpool.

117-411TBD, a reaper-tattle-GIRL to assist in housework 11i. and shop, 17 to 18,---Apply 617, ROBEBTSHA.W Tan- - lords°.

Rams, Cornholme„ Todm NVANTED. a good BERVA.NT WON for farmhouse ; me able to milk.-- Mrs. RF.YNOLDS, Moss Hall Farm, New-lane, Burscougit, near Ormakirk.

WANTAD, a GROaill, with come knowledge of gardening; married man preferred; reference required —Dr. MORRIS, Skelmcrsdale. near Ormtkirk.

WANTED, thoroughly respectable GENERAL SERVANT where anothet girl is kept; no nailklng.—Apply. Mrs. ATKINSON Ereenbank Dairy, tomithdown-road, Liverpool, S.

TV Mothers by middle aged Person. SITUATION as Mothers Help or Housekeeper, to respectable working mant good Needlewoman.—Apply, "EXAMINER " OTTICE, Harieltown.

,NTED, GBNICEAL for middle June. able to wash. ircfn. and plaid nook ; gOol wages ; comfortable horn; three • fare paid.-11ri. HlBleil, 15, Dover-street, Manchester.

114.01,J2 inkk 1'31414,a1 gfigt2EB ITINTITUTION, 70, Hope- . 11,25414,,,-tabliatted 1878.—For reliable PO unman grat,- and Monthly Nurses, Massege, apply or teleArTh.—• • Nurser:" Liverpool. Telephone, 570

Aftatbilitrp, etc. . _ _ 1-pg WORTH YOUR WHIMS TO BUY DIRBCT.--There- f ne, Telspbone " Av enne 5,891." or Telegraph '• Subas- trit, London" (&.B.°. 0,..de used) or write THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL C0..19 and 20,WATER-LANB,GEBAT TOWER-STREET LONDON. B.C. The Best and Cheapest NON-CORRO•IVE -MACHINERY and RINGINE OILS in Mb World. send for FERE ORDER FORM and PRICE LUST. IT WILL PAY 'VAL

4.1 T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS. LIMITED (late Ormerod Griersou, and Co. Limited), Hulme. Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- VIRNS inthe trade. and are in a position to Supply OAST- IIGS. Millwright, and alt kinds of Engineering Work -omptly. Datalogueof wheel and pulley catterna on appli- -.l.—Telephone 229.

MILE W INGTON GAS lIRGINB.—For superiority of design. eflict-ncy of working. simplUty of valve arrangement, and freedom from delicate mechanism, the stove engine is pra-eminent. Intending purchasers would do vrbil before buying elsewhere, to see this engine working 2 H,P.. and in. stock. Gas Engine repairs undertaken by experiencad workmen.—E. FoEsEAW AND Sox, Engineers, Boilermakers, Iron and Brass Founders, Warrington.

°AMP OFF IC& MANCHESTER, I. BEITABLIBEED IA 1836. Mqasrs. 4BORGE DAVIE': & SON have ha 4 more than 4C years' personal eaperience in connection with this Establish. -anent, and por, se s s practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 6d. •. Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. EIIiOROM DAVIES, es SON, F.1.P.A., : 4. ST. ANN'S SQUAEB, MANOHNSTSII. 'r ECKETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS BRISTOL. Have In Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to le 4 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application

SPEGIALITIN.I6 IN PAPER, AND PAPER BAGS. , gaps 14 by 20. ?id. Ream 16 by 24, mid., 19 by 29, le. 3d. Sweet Bags. loz. 101. 1,000 ;2oz. Is , 4oz. Is. 2d. gutter Paner, 133.6 d. Cheese, lls. Brown, Bs. cwt. Thin ifflite. 132..64. cwt call good Note Paper, 40., 5 quires. bop Books from sd. Wephens' Is. Inks, 70.. 2s. do. Is. 53., 13. bottles, 6d. Dgur.t Envelopes,from al., 250 damn. erelal 5d , Counter, 70., 250. LONOrW ORTIVS 4, AND 6, OAK-STREET. Man- chester.

BARGAINS ! BARGAINS! BARGAINS A NEW DEPARTURE! GOODS DIRECT FROM THE FACTOR TO THE PURCHASER, AT THE • AT 1111 DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 40, B UTTERIIARSET STREET, WARRINGTON. • RETAIL QUANTITIB3 CAN BE HAD AT WHOLESALE PRICES. A LAUGH STOCK OF BOYS AHD MEN's S 'OMITS AND -HIRTINGS,

(11_ 1,3 RANDRILLS, &c.

ALSO _ liIRTS AND SKIRTINGS. - FLANNELETTES. • LARGII VARIRTY- OF APRONS. 'LLDISS' 'UNDERCLOTHING, /co., Ac. NOT g PhICES. 'SOTS' SHIRTS (Cotton or Flannelette,) from 3d. IfIRN'S SHIRTS ~ *9 Ofd. SOTS UNION SHIRTS •10d. WIN'S UNION SHIRTS •„ 28. WOS' S APRONS „ 2;d. 'SHIRTING TO 13Z GIVEN AWAY !

Te every purchaser of one of our Caebrated Oxford Shirts. which we are selling at the marvellously low prices of Is. 1. and 28., Will b given, entirely tree of coat, yard of the same materiah

TR LARGEST AND CHEAPEST STOCK EVER C.FFBRISD TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT. Conspire our prices with so called " Sale" or " Bankrupt Stock "prices and judge for yourselves. DON'T FAIL TO SECURE SOME OF THE GREAT BARGAINS OFFERED AT CORNS! NEW DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 0, IeTERgARIC',-Ir STREET, WARKINGTON A/4, • . • Xr.•

4/X * AC-

===== 0002601_18980520_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
A. MISSING VFMtItINGTON MAN.

BODY FOUND IN TUE RIVER.

On Friday night a watchman employed on the dredger observed the body of a man fhating in the river near the Twelve Arches. It was conveyed to the SsAg Inn, where it was identified as teat of Wright J. Nunn-rloys paint .r, 013, Spvlingretre,t, Lotelford, who has 4-ea mirraing from hie home for severnl m4othe.

An inquest was held on the body on Monday afternoon, at the Stag Inn by Mr. Worsley. Deceased's wife idea. tided the body, and s,id her husband was 26 ye+r of age. She last saw him alive on December 24th e: 7 0 p.m., when be left the hodse with another man named aeury Parnell and said be was gQing to his brother's; who lived near Messrs. Fairc:ol.lVl'4 Mill. In coming back deceased would havr to proceed along the river bank and she had ascertained that he had left the house withdut Parnell.—Robert Roberts, watchman on the dredger in the Mersey at Lower Walton, said he found the body on Friday nigh; at 11-45 and tio reported the matter to the when next mornial!.-:-P.C. Lee said the deceased was fully clothed and there was no marks ot violence on the body.—Sarah Ellen Wild also gave 'yaw ence.—A verdict of "Found Drowned" was returned.--.. The Coroner said he was carry or the lo)s Mrs. Nunale- ley had sustairwdl.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
A CARD.

Reveremi Joseph -E-fol—me-17-I-mp;oved Mexican Pre- scription is the only original guaranteed Remedy tor all those who suffer from nervous weak nese, exhausted vitality, kidney or bladder diseases gravel prostate, spinal we4kBess, brain fag and kindred complaints—discovered in Mexico. It has stood the test for twenty-two years. Thou.ands cured. Send a self. .ddressPd stamped envelope to JOSEPH HOLMES' RENEDIC so., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Square,Lonoon. and get particulars of this great Specific tree. Mention whether for male or female. frenuine sufferers need only apply. Biware of swindling imitators and ignorant ruacks.

_ lhe Royal Laundresses ay t rlten.ey s " GLOSS 111 nnequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to starched linen. ee.c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.--. Cora- wai says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your Starch Gloss. " From Mrs.—. Bradford :—Dear sir,— lam pleaped to Inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be need in every house. Sold at Id., 3d.. and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in 'tuck will procure it. T. ORIV7HLE Blackburn Pr•nwietor.— Advt.

* * T h

ic HOUSE OF COMMONS * Committee have voted that *:BRO9KE BONDS' TEA* ~.. ,Er. -4,- is 'l•6' * BRITAIN'S BEST.' * * Aye. The chosen Brooke I.BrOothee I:i'ooosciens' of The epallel *- others for daily use in their Honourable *House. Thus, the elected Representatives * of the Nation have ratified the opinion of the * * 2,000,000 N I * yes, two million people, who have been 30/E _Ay (Winking Brooke, Bonds Tea every day * for years. These great British Facts prove • '916 Indeed that * 'BROOKE) BONDS' TEA 104 VX is * BRITAIN'S BEST.' * _. * Sold by nearly * * 30,000 AGENTS AT * _ _

*

* 10c1,, 1/-, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, & 2/8 * A LB. * -- * * BROOKE, & Co., Ltd. TEA MERCHANTS 4 BOND * By APPOINTMENT To THE PEOPLE; * VIE LANCASHIRE TEA. WAREHOUSES * 17, PICCADILLY. AND 12 &14 LONG illic MILLQA.TE, MA.NCRESTER. ~

*-*******4s

===== 0002601_18980520_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
-..

apartintnts, 8r etiniisbeb 3t)ou4ts.

DLACKPOOL—Superior APARTiIIiNTS, with or withralt board ; terms moderate.—Mss LtEALT, 25, HUI. street. S. S .

PUNlON.—Comfortable Private .S.PARTAISNTS. west end in Broad Welk ; easy ,ring terms.—dlss hatke, 6, Belvedere 7. ern' ce.

1 LANDUDNO.—Mre. STEIII;,. Englefield, Quee's-roitd. Craig-y-130u. Public and Private 12Lio1iai ; board if desired ; .es view.

FA and Moantains near LIandudno.—APARTMENTS or Ai board ; acres of private grounds.—Mr. CTN. PAL JONES, Lark Hill, Conway.

B°°ooDLACKPOOomfortable APARTMHNTS. with or without board.—Miss HINCELIFF, 12, Alexandra-raott, Promenade, South Shore. --- (10MFORTABLE APARTMENTS. Near Sea tnd Station. Moderate terms —Mrs. WILLIAM!, Peen Bank, RE- fach-road, Pennsitenmaur.

Bat Mrs. LACKPOO-APARTMENTS, public of Private. LW. Itoartreow's, 85, Coronation-street, noir Central Station ; Piano, borne comforts.

BLACKPOOL.—MR-i. MEECH'S, Windsor-avenue, Os- bourne-road, South Shore.—APARIMENTS, Public or Private, near sea, pier, and station.

HOLIDAYS IN LONDON. Comfortable Apartments with meals at moderate Axed rates by day or week. Central; Clean. 41, BERNARD-STREET, Russell liquarl.

LANDUDNO.—Maseama Boarding Establishment, _LA Abbey-road, lovely sltuation,near sea and hills;.superi or accommodation ; every comfort; moderate tera; s. MISS MORTIMER (late assistant Mistress, High School), Knott End, Fleetwood. comfortable Country resi- dence, facing Sea, Apartments, boarding, walk ends.

DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. N. RAYNER, Alexandra Rouse, 98, 11 Albert-road, near Certral Station and Sin. Public and Private APARTMENTS, with or without board. Pianos.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Atorito, 35 u51nt5505, ea.

BMIGAIN.-70000A and DINING-BOONS, situated at North end, opposite Dock Oates. Apply, 27, WAPPING, !Liverpool. TINE Excellent CIGAR and TOBACCO BUiINESS for Disposal DOW carried ON at 14, °ZION-ROAD, Birkenhead. C&M Grocery and Ptovision BUSINESS To Be Disposed of • taking £3O to £4O weekly.—G. BRADLEY, 24, Albert- street, Manchester.

'4721 ante).

GOOD EARNINGS at home by the FIARR/Solt PATENT KNIT'ARCk MACEDISS.-48. UPP,ER BROOK-STEN AT. Wan- d:mister.

CO 13V tiLtt.

BED-ROOM r.ro Liiir,—Apply CARETAKER, YMCA.. Warrington. .

'fr4aritb::4°,°2.°B. 277; zigtßenZsErwell();Ay3. r,2oVePl;r-tnpre.j,

rIIO ' LET.—LABGB ROOM,,Grford-street ; rent £2O -1. Apply AtTATON AND. WOObf; SoliZitOrS, lloraemarket-st., Warrint-pn. . , , , - . _

COMPORTABLB LODGINGS for two Basinees Men • no children; terms moderate.—re. JONES, 118, lane. Warrington.

rro LET, SHOP, with LARUE ROOM over, in Orfori-st, I.rent 213.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors.florae- market-street. Warrington.

TO LET,—WAREHLUSE STABLIC with rooms over, and large yard attached ; rent £2s.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horeemarket-et.eet, Warrington.

IpRICHISKS suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— ?fpply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st.,

Warriniio'n,_

QHOP AND HOUSE TO LET, Ryla-nds-street ; suitable ks.) for Millinery or Woollen Draper ; 4 bedrooms, dining room. cellar, kitchen, washhouse, yard, and w.c.; good thoroughfare; rent £3o.—Apply 14, DAIRO-ST., Warrin*on.

4iuhttrattons.

• TO Ladies, your Best Friend is LADIES ITEAILTSEASIi. TO LADIES Harmless, yet the most Effectual remedy, and TO contains NO poison or injurious drugs. IT ACTS LADIES LIKE MAGIC in all Ladies' ailments, Periodical TO Impediments,Sickness,Fuline,s,btoma:th Troubles. LADIES Testimonials are received Daily Testifying to its TO Wonderful Efficacy. 28. 9d. double, and strouver LADIES 4s, 6d. Post Free under cover. TO EXTRACTS PROM TESTIMONIALS. LADIES Please send me a b,,ttle of •• HEARSTEASE " TO Female Medicine; it has proved beyond my LADII.S expectations. R. Kindly forward a supply of your i•IIICARIAILASE" LADIES Female -Medicine. I have !Wind it it!l that I TO wished, M. E. M. LADIES RINAIv send me another ; ottle of •• TO Resat," for which I enclose P). tal Order. Thanks LAMES to " HEARTSEASE " as it bAs saved roe trouble. TO O. tl • LADIES Accept my thanks for' HEARTSEASE ;" it has TO been an Iniart's ease to me. . LADIES Since Wring .• HEIM:SE .1t " all Is wellaifl. TO hanks, wish every success. LADIES Your lambus Female MeitflC. " JIEARTSEASE,' TO as a4Aln Proved a blessia-4, IL, ic use&Way LADIES done previously, J. L. : TO ddress LADIES TO -&-• • LILLY, LADIES HERBAL CO., TO LOTANIC UAL:, 33, COLS': LADIES BIIISTOL.

gealtsb rtbatt Ereatr.

HIGHEST Pedigree Fawn BULL DOG, 12 months old, the, Bay Rhum, £6.-20, HIGH-LANE. Cherlton-Cam. Hardy, Manchester.

DIIBUMATISM AND GOUT.—Particulara of cheap 11., Omni° and effective cure, P.O. 53.—LANNEN, 67, Trent Boulevard, Nottingham.

145 VALUABLE HERBAL REOIPES.—Post free, three penny stamps. A. HOYLE, Herbalist, tte.. 32, Wakefield-road. Eormanton, Yorkshire.

1-IHNTA, for &TOPPI 1/211 DEWAYEL) and HOLLOW TBEITH ; a child can apply It; price 70.—A. H. TROYER, 29, Fenchurch-street, London.

'l'o BE SOLD newly built COTTAGES. SHOPS. and i. quantity of land to be leased, for Building Purposes, Apply Box 180," EXAMINER " OFFICE, Warrington. ki SALE, LANCASHIRE MANURE WORKS at Widnes BALL Machinery and 24.420 yards freehold land.—Ad- dress to J. HOSHINCit 16, Penwiek-street, Liverpool.

MRS. ROSE'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE.

-- Will costively remove the most OBSTINATE OBSTRUC- TIONS, Irregularities. etc., in slew doses. Guaranteed the most powertul and strongest on earth. Failure is Impossible It acLit like magic in the most long-standing and intricate obstructions. Ladies will save time, trcuble, and ex;,ense by cooling to an experienced Specialist at first. Post free under cover, securely packed, with full directions, and advice, FOUR SHILLINGS AND SI/MINCE per BotHe with WRITTEN GI/ %RANTER OF CURE. Thousands of Testimonials like the following. Full name and address will be ,a thingly given ; " For FIVE MONTHS I have teen trying pills, rneritclne tahules, and other mixtures in Vatfl, tut one bottle of your pleasant remedy put me alt right agnin."—Mrs, J. " Have tried nearly every advertised remedy for over FOUR MONTHS, but your's cured me with one bottle Shall be pleased to answer any lady as to the truth of this,' —Mrs. M, If you are in doubt as to which remedy to send for, write for my 100-paged book of Testimonials showing you why the others cannot core you. MHS. LOSE, 2, ARTHUR TERRACE, LOWER-BOA!) LONDON, S.E.

11=MMIIIIIMM

1111111111

===== 0002601_18980520_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980520_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.

Ciluratton.

Ogg, pouttrp, Su.

DROWN LEGHORN EGGS, for Sitting; Limited Number from Pure-bred Birds (Hurst strain), Reduced to f.'s. per dozen.—W. H. BOURNE, Golden Grave, Cuester,

firth% Dv glutton.

BY MR. WILLIAM ELLIS'.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
flionep.

"EXAMINER' OFFIC'E PAINSTAKING PRINTERS are now-a days sought for by business men who study rea economy in announcements which they wish the Public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets ac. ; and by Musical Union', Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tasteiully arranged PROaItAMSIRS. BOORS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS. PL.,,DARDS.

, ,

PITTS'S, LONDON ROAD, hi ANCHESTE It. Just past Station, through Railway Arch THII LARGEST AND MOST CONVENIENT GENERAL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT IN THE KINGDOM. Electric Light Throughout. Passenger Lifts to all Floors. " In the spring time is young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love," and having fortunately obtained his financee s consent to marriage, the important question, 'Where shall we Furnish ?" presents itself. Both the young people have been very forcibly impressed by the magnificent ditplay in Pitts's colossal showrooms, together with the I genuine ring In Pitts's adve• tisements and the uniform good reputation Pitte's bear. but before definitely deciding they very wisely conclude to refer the matter to their tarents' superio judgment and experience. Upon broaching the subject the unhesitating reply Is " Certainly, Furnish at Pitts's, like we did nearly thirty years ago. You see the goods are little worse for wear after all thee years. Pitts's occupy the uncommon position oi having often furnished three consecutive generations, parents. children, and grandchildren, and you cannot possibly do better than place the order with that old-established firm. Result—another . home made bright and comfortable at little cost by Pitts's, to the mutual satisfaction s.if _all concerned.

DITTa'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF IP URNITURE for 15i 1.1 guineas, worth £35 . • includes a splendid serviceable suite in leather, dining table, fender and brasses complete, Capital Brussels carpet, with hearthrug to match. window fittings, de. Kitchen includes strong Windsor chairs, strong table with heavy white top, nine yards of seasoned oilcloth, hearthrug, fender and irons complete. Bedroom has all requisite articles • massive bedsteads, mattresses, bed. bolster, and two pillows (guaranteed new and clean), carp, t. toilet ware, de. all complete and full size. tither houses of furniture at 22i, 28i, 38i, 50, 100, up to 1,000 guineas Each honestly worth d ....hie the price asked. Full partieu,a, s. testimonials, and press opinions on applicatoin. Cash prices quoted. Deferred dayment by arrangement. PITTS'S—NNTIRH CONTICNTS OF SEVON-RoOMED HOUSE, origins ly cost £lBO, for 75 gulueas. The dining room is in morocco leather, the drawing-room is in rosewood, a spare room upstairs fitted s a smokeroom is in saddlebags. Forniture complete for kitchen, hall, stairs. landing, cell do. The first bedroom is In American Walnut, including wardrobe, dressing table, washstand, Chairs, &c, bedsteads, bedding, carpet, rug, and toilet set*. Vice. The second bedroom is similarly famished, but in ash, and the third bedroom is in mahogany. Undoubtedly the greatest bargain ever offered.

p_ ITTS'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.—DIEING-ROOM SUITE handsomest in Manchester, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed) Small Chairs, padded backs ; Magnificent i3ideboard,fitted with bevelled glasses throughout, Brackets, Shelves, Cupboards, Cellarettes, ; Extending Table, with patent screw ; Overrnantel, Carpet, Brass fender, I and Brasses ; originally cost £l3O ; Pitt's price 62 guineas Drawing-room buite, Chippendale style, solid rosewood, , beautifully inlaid with marqueterie work, upholstered !throughout with curled hair (guaranteed), and covered in rich Genoa velvet ; Magnificent Cabinet and Overmantel, kOccasional. Wine, and Card Tables, all inlaid to match ; Car- pet, Rug, Brass Fenthr and Brasses, Clock and Ornaments, complete; cost £175; Pitta's price 60 guineas. Bedroom Suite solid throughout, consists of a very large Wardrobe, with bevelled glass doors, drawers, cupboards, Bm.; Pair of large Toilet Tables, fitted with ev-ry convenience ; Pedestal Towel Hail, and Chairs complete ; a superb Suite ; originally cost £B5 • eitts's price 35 guineas. Othsr bargains on view, equally good value.

P'ITTS'S CARPET AND FLOOR COVERINGS.—AI British make. Largest, best, and cheapest stook. As, tounding value. Grandest display ever seen. Nothing similar elsewhere. DITTS'S Piano End of Season Sale.—Entire Stock by 1_ Collard, Entrd, Kirkman, &c.; must be cleared out totally, irrespective of what they 'may fetch, now is your chance to save thirty to forty per chit. ;cull) or deferred.

PITT'S'S have scoured the entire Cycle Market, in order to obtain the Best Machines for the Least Money, and they are now showing them in their windows ; splendid selec- tion dozen different makes ; light, attractive, easy-running up-1.3-date ; year's guarantee ; exceptionally low prices. Cash or deferred. UITTS'S BASSINICTTBS, Lamm!, Chins, Glass, Earthen ware.—Magnificeut Sclection in Show Windows. Pleasure to see it.

-gloms's FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE.— ' livery deecriptlon of Bookcases. Secretaries, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses at abcut half city prices. SAMUEL PITTS Established 1845. LONDON-ROAD (just past Station), Manchester. Ardwick, Longslght, and Belle Vue Cars pass the door.

1111ss LOBEL RIGBY, 84, BRIDGE.STREET, WARRINGTON, BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, FLORAL BASKETS, FLORAL EMBLEMS, &c. NI DR TO ORDER IN THE LATEST LONDON BTYLIIB.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Ti IL EXA ER.

bd AY 20th, 1898.

ALARMISTS are fond of di, Our food upon the risk which the nation auppiy. incurs by reason of its yearly dependence upon the produce of other lands for the food of its people, and no doubt it is conceiv- able that war might bring this island within measurable distance of the straits to which Paris was brought in the Franco-German war—assum- ing., of course, that our navy had its Sedan. But, without joining the ignoble army of croakers, it is worthy of con.ilaration what our position is in regard ,to the food supply from abroad. The fact that our daily bread is for the greater part of the year supplied from across the ocean is pretty well understood. As a matter of fact, our own wheat crop, on an average, will feed the population of these islands for about four months out of the twelve. Whereas now the quantity of wheat and flour imported amounts to two hundred and fifty , pounds per head of population, twenty years ago it amounted to only one hunched and sixty- three pounds per head, and thirty years ago to one hundred and twenty-seven pounds. It is noteworthy, also, how largely of late years the quantity of foreign fleur has in- creased ; the increase amounting in the course of ten years to nearly fifty per cent. This, it is scarcely necessary to say, is regrettable, because, while it makes no appreciable difference to the consumer, to whom it is the same whether wheat is imported in a ground or unground condition, yet the large importation of flour instead of wheat affects disastrously the milling industry of the country, and as a secondary result raises the price of the " bye-products " such as bran, sharps, pollards, and other " offals." The countries whence our chief supplies of breadstuffs come are the United States, which sends us about one-third of the total wheat and three-fourths of the total flour; India, which sends about one- fifth of the wheat; Russia, Canada, Chili, the Argentine Republic, and Australia. During the first four months of the present year the United States supplied England with 12,280,300 cwts of wheat; Russia, 3,371,400Twt5.; and the Agentine Republic with a little more than two million cwts. The importation of meat has ,prro- gressively increased by leaps and bounds in recent years, and in the four months designated the United States sent us no fewer than 149,393 liv- ing cattle for food ,whilstvast quantities of cbil led mutton came from Australia and Argentina. The total trade in dead meat in those months reached the large total af 5)290,070 cwts., and .is valued at more than nine and a half millions sterling. The losses of stock caused by outbreaks of disease in- troduced from abroad are disastrous both to the farmers whose stock is attacked,and to consumers., generally. By reducing the home stock, outbreaks of contagious disease have done more than any- thing else to raise the price of meat. It is ,very, difficult to estimate what relation the amount of foreign dairy produce consumed in this country bears to the home produce. So far as estimates are available it appears that about three-fifths of. the butter and one-half the cheese consumed in Great Britain are of foreign origin. It is a fact which is not regarded generally as being creditable to the farmers of this country. No doubt they. are greatly handicapped, not only by unfair com- petition, as in the case of margarine, and adulter-• ated butter, but still more seriously by the bounty, given to foreign produce by some of the English, railway companies, who seem to strain every point to foster the trade in foreign produce, while doing very little indeed to help the home producer, The question of adulteration crops up now and again, and the present Government is under a pledge to deal with it in a practical manner, while that of railway rates and freightage, about which the feeling in the country has been so bitter is also, receiving more consideration in some parts of the country than it ewer did before. With regard totbe pre- sent price of bread, there is no reason why it should be affected by the war between the United • States and Spain in the way we are asked to be- hove it has been. Corn is not contraband, and there is nothing to account for an nun-ease of fifty per cent, in the price of a loaf beyond what is purely speculative on the part of the merchant, Agriculture seldom profits by a sudden rise in price such as we have seen within the past fort- night or so. The merchant sets the ball rolling, the miller and the baker pass it on, and the con- sumer pays and grumbles as long as the game lasts, When it is over,the remedies he has been puzzling his brains about are forgotten, anti may twt tie

_ _

. •

given auether thought until tl.e priee tins up Mal more. Happily the price of bread does not bring with it fear of hunger and starvation wucLi such an increase as has now been experienced would have created not so many years ago. Fortunately this year the people are able to bear the extra cost of a necessity of life better than in previous years, and only the poorest suffer more than usual is consequence of dearnwe of bread. Taking the community as a whole, the country has prospered so immensely since the dawn of Free Trade that a penny on the four-pound loaf carries with it comparatively little distress. Men are in a better ' position ; their incomes are higher ; and the cost of living is less. Men not far past the middle age will remember when bread was the chief article of food, and other foods which are now regarded as 'necessaries were simply luxuries and rare luxuries too. "Man does not live by bread alone," though it is still one of the essentials of a nourishing diet. It is the predominant, but not the sole food in the sense in which it was regarded prior to the Victorian era.

It is agreeable to remember The Grand Old Man. that to within a few months bince, Mr. GLADSTON.S—nOW, alas, no more—still retained the power of deliver- ing those charming autobiographical speeches with which in the past few years he delighted so , many audiences. Every speech of this kind:by " the man of the century" was to be valued ; for there could not be many more of them, andtit, was touching and beautiful to find his non- political addresses so marked by serenity, cheer-- fulness, and playfulness. These characteristics. were signs of the bright and happy evening that followed a well-spent working day, and it was a. lesson of no slight value to persons who are in- clined to narrowness of view to find Mr. GLADSTONE, bordezing upon his ninetieth year; gratefully reviewing the progress which had been made, and eagerly anticipating the happy lot of future generations. We know that there are always persons who are tho admirers of other times in preference to their own. It was so in the days of Eloaacm, and will be so centuries hence. But the .majority of men are not so dis- contented. They are glad to compare their posi- tion favourably with that of other people, and it may be just as well for our iwn peace of mind that we do not know what our successors will have to boast of. Our ignorance of the future is at least one matter which we share with our ancestors, upon whom we look back with a lofty sense of superiority. Mr. GLADSTONE less than twelve months since assured us that it was a clever man who prophesied that railways would promote highway robberies, his argument being that as the rich people would not use them, and the poor would, the former would have the highways to themselves, and would* thus give opportunities to highwaymen. If it had not been for Mr. GransrorrE's voucher for the clever- ness of this prophet, the natural tendency would be to quote the saying as an instance of the fatuity and ignorance of people who had the mis- fortune to live in pr,,-scientific days. There is no mental dissipation more common than that of fancying what these predecessors of ours, who foretold disasters to trains,and said that a steam- ship could never cross t'f.e A dantic,would think if they could be re-called to life and shown an ex- press and an ocean liner, and have the wonders of , the telegraph and the telephone explained to them, although we who thus exult over our pre- decessors are absolutely innocent of any share in the great progress of which we boast. In a collec- tive sense we may, perhaps,be justified in compar- ing the present with the past, with a sons, of the immense advantages to accrue to " the heirs of all the ages." In his boyhood, said Mr. GL STONE once, "the whole of what had to Vut between the vast city of Liverpool and tendon every day was comprised within the limits of a single mail coach." The statement revealed as bY a flash the enormous changes that- have been made by railways, aided by the ()thew devices for the de- velopment of commerce,and'established the truth thatin no century since history began has there been anything like the social, commercial, and in- dustrial revolution within the period of a hundred years that has occurred in this,land in the century that is now drawing to a close_ Men whose lives have been so protracted as that of Mr: GLAD' STONE have lived in a transition age; and it would be the rankest folly,the most culpable blindness,to pretend that all is well with, us now,that there are no social evils to be overcome,uo pitiable wrong to be righted.

From all quarters support is given to the pro- ject for compelling vehicles- to 'tarry lights after, dark, in the same manner as cyclists are thus, effected by the law. In Uheshire,as is well-known locally, lighting of all classes of vehicles is cow-, pulsory, and a great boon it is to cyclists as well as pedestrians. Even tluzi powerful voice of the "Lancet "—whose connection with the subject may be rather obscure—is raised in support of universal lighting. This influential journal urges that the regulation should ho made to ' apply to all vehicles in every part of the country. - It is quite absurd in this respect to attempt to.' classify vehicles using.. the public roads ; all with-t- -out exception should be compelled to carry visible signals which will poiut the proper course to steer and thus ensure the safety of the publia' both on foot and on wheels. The danger, as cur contemporary points out, is no imaginary one. -With the greatest care a cyclist may be proceed- - ing at night down-hill, aware that there is scnae- thing ahead, but by no means sure in what direction it is going, with the result that he mai suddenly find himself in contact with a paover-r ful horse, or the back of a vehicle. Should he escape serious injury the cyclist gots a fright and shock which will effectively deprive him of any pleasure in riding, especially, after dusk, for some time to come. Is there ie. no eh— jection of a serious character raised to the.pro- posed compulsory lighting it is a matter.-for sur— prise that so many authorities have failed to put' such a beneficent law le force long ago.

Notwithstanding that the approbrions MO" cheater culvert scheme was mooted again in the= City Counsil on Wednesday, it has receivects° many death-blows that we feel pretty confidolit. that the last of it, in a material form,. has WO seen and heard. Mr. Ifred Brocklehurst, one, a the ablest leaders of labour in the Manchester' Council, in a speech to his coostituents Monday denounced, as child's play the action.of the Council in trying to foist on the city. the' culvert scheme which the ratepayers had.rejectscl- He believed that if the culvert scheme, were once again carried by Ac Council it ;would be high tiret' for the citizens of Manchester to tell the car Council that they were not the masters, but,;, the servants of the city and must 01 out the definitely expressed vien the ratepayers. There, however, apPoill to be little danger of the Cootie' ever acting thus. an Wednesday, Alderrcen Richards withdrew his motion to revert to the culvert scheme, and. the late,st step which theo Manchester Corporation Rivers Qurnmittes arc going to take is to seek the opinion and advice:i: , not less than three experts representing chemich, biological, and engineering science upon t.. scheme approved by the Council on the 200.

pro- fter., ,hus; ens-, the ject )ort to 4 try,- t to itb- wry arse, blio cur

one. oed-' Toe- rhat maY werl iele• ta a rive titer ob- prO' ear-- put%

[as-- tbe.: wts° icka• Boa ;stet',

On. the' !led* )riee' tiro° city the :oxr3r 0E gor°o Inca no° , the L th° are, co the

===== 0002601_18980520_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
as poor tho ,hus not ver- mid the "is-

===== 0002601_18980520_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
131 n favour of bacterial treatment.—and that " such experts should be requested and authorised to advise as to any alternative scheme which may be put before them or which they may themselves recommend." In the interesting discussion which Preceded this decision, Alderman Southern advo- cated the interests of Warrington so ably and Riduously that one is almost led to think that remarkii, like some others we recentiy "eard of, were inspired. May-be the same source of inspiration if there was any, was avail- able in both these instances.

Margarine is sometimes a dangerous com- modity to its vendors, as was instanced at the "Pense of a Battersea grocer. The tradesman Waa summoned for selling as butter a substance ?entaining 70 per cent of margarine, and his de- fence was that he was protected from criminal pro- Feedings by the fact that the substance was served a wrapper marked with the word" Margarine." ne name was placed in a corner of the paper, °lit the solicitor for the defence said this Was immaterial so long as the name was on the wrapper. The magistrates decided against this 3: rather elastic interpretation of the Act, flnd in fining the deli,aquent £3 and costs said the name should be put where it could be seen. A Instomer was not expected t hunt for it. We unvel had one or two prosecutions not unlike Warrington,though not precisely the same, and all of them go to show that too much care cannot be exercised in the sale of margarine if the vendor is to keep without the expensive clutches Of the law.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRING-To-N FOOTBALL CLUB. TILE REPORTS AND STATEMENTS OF ACCOUNTS.

At the annual general meeting of the Warrington POOtball Club to be held on Wednesday next the ?Verbs of the hon. secretary (Mr. J. E. Warren), 'And the hon treasurer (Mr. Thomas Pemberton) will !Ie Submitted. In a previous issue of the Examiner "we gave as full a review as possible of the past season of the club, but the following eatracts from the reports will no doubt be read with interest. Mr. Warren in his report remarks "In comparing the doings of out let team during the Palit season with former years, I regret to say there has been a slight falling off in efficiency. Out of 36anatches titYed, 17 have been won, 2 drawn, 17 lost, with a total Cf 23 goals 55 trts or 211 points for; 34 goals 51 tries or 'eel points against. But censidering that we are relying thriost exclusively upon local talent and that many of Our players are young, and, comparatively speaking, in- sulterienced, we have ev,l7 reason to look forward with eonfidenee to a better future. I say this, with more con- Adence,because although several cluta have got together teams at enormous expense' and trouble they have by Ito means left U 9 behind to the extent many anticipated ;and while it is almost impossible for these clubs to tur- tle! strengthen their teams our own team is almost °,...taein to ; -Mprove. The Committee have left no stone Zre;ned to improve and develop local clubs and players ruea lang our best interests lie in this direction. 25 new Of t,"'ave been registered during the mason and most I'iaylthee have bean given a trial. Of these, Mason, °er I:ludceknworth, Wood, R. Bate, Hallam, Morrison, E Calmat have all become first team men, and the discernment the have displace, I think, speaks well for the M a of at our l last p%litch,e, Committee and is sufficient vindica- their tea sfully , • T difficuitv whice confronted us a general meeting as regards the field was Me- negotiated and a lease has heed executed for a term of ten years, Since then overtures have been made 'With a view to purchasing the field outright, and the owners are not indisposed to sell if a price can be ar- ranged. This matter has been left ever for the new Com- taittee to deal with. In the League Table we stand !_ighth instead of seventh as last yea' r with only 22 ' Points against 27. In the Cup Ties Wakefielcl somewhat "'airily beat Us on their own ground by the narrow score Cl 5 points to three." Ills unnecessary to repeat here the scorers in the first team, but the following particulars elven with respect to the A team may be given :—" The I team have had e- moderate record during the past smson, and this is largely due to the wretched start thee made. When it 'state d that after the first match of the season, they rtnot ~ain until the sixth, it will be seen plainly tkeir thence of having an excellent record had aranished before the season was properly under weigh. With such a commeacisment, the tact that out of 29 Matches played, they have won 17, lost 9 and drawn 3, is not so bad after all. They have scored 244 points eaainst their oppenints 120. Tisee have beaten the :tampion A team twice,which is their best performance. They have beaten Lostock Cirelam, Leigh, Oldham, *r idnes, and Birkenhead Wanderers, twice ; and Tyldes- eel'. Rochdale Hornets, Wigan, Swinton, St. Helens, and Latchford Rangers, once. They have been beaten by YYldesley, Rochdale Hornets, Broughion Rangers, Swin- t* run and Runcorn once ; and by Stockport and Salford, Ire% They have drawn AN each with Wigs n, aoughton Rangers end Runcera.• Ca,rey is the top ! scorer, but he falls far short of Radford's record last I.,'"r, who scored 40 pei;ls, against 26 points which , aemey has scored." s, Thomas Pemberton in his financial report says : The accounts show the club to be in a very prosper- °els, condition, the gate rneeey, after payment to other ! ''itibs,nearly being equal to last season, notwithstanding Ur losing the first roiled ot the cup. The committee ,Ve invested £4OO with the Corperatioe of Warrington Meet any difficulties that may arise in the future." :atom the balance sheet it appears that the receipts, in- rding a balance in hand of £B9 51. 53. at the beginn- t:g of the year amounted to £1,645 ss. 41. The en- fees and subscriptions amounted to £llB 10s. ,and "tgate money (let team) £l,lOO 4s. 33. •, kA team) £243 3.84, 4aa. On the expenditure side, the heaviest itene is that of £238 3s. sd. for "dinners and refresh- Ments to players, hotel expenses, visiting teams, COM. hilittee." Next in importance is the payment for broken time amounting to £1.66 Bs. Another large item is the ;Mount paid to injured plavers,Widnes accident, doctors -sees Ste., which totals to £149 19s. 41 In addition to polnvraesttioinng. taherfeurter submalanocfe. £4OO with the Cot:: it7l 6s 7aci. The Club carried forward of Aggures £l2OO. This ismmayadbeo suapt da st o ftioei oworthwB :—i no roundash i n SzaVooings n Lancashire a and ank, £2 Yorkshire Bank. £67 03 61; cash in footbo;acradsb in hand, 103 2da invested with Corporation, £1 15s 11.asi ; stock consisting of PaVillio fencing round field, turnstiles, stands, , n tents, urinals, fencing round two fields, posts, eepes, stakes, footbells, horizontal bar, thzrallel bars, Ste., flg staffs, flees, iron "piping, canvas, limber, keys, towels, pants, jerseys and furniture, So., n mower, stamp, iron roller, &c.. £703 4s 7d; less uenreciation, £7O 63 61 ; total '21204 tla Bad. Tte only outstanding liability is one of £8 193 101 d on works Qimpetition account.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REGULATION OF RUNCORN COMMON.

rESTION BEFORE THE NOUSE OF COMMONS.

_ The ous committee of the H e of Commons which deals datil matters affecting public commons, sat on Wednes- to consider the question of the regulation of Run- Zro Heath and Ru /loom Hill, aris,ng out nf an appl Ca- for a provisional order. constituting the Runcorn ban Dimtrict Coluei,t the eoc...rnc•..ors nf the common, iiith Power to pro .i ic a rignt ot free ance,oi tor reoreas 4 'ft! burp saes. Sir Mark Stewart presided. The Board 1),. Agriculture had rep rted upon the application,certify- .l.'2 that it was exo-dic!..t tit !I:0 provisional order ould be confirmed. &memo' Fl.atb, the report tithsted out, was about 22 ac..,res,• nd Runcorn 13111 about 4cres, an I th-c wern about the holy open spaces tZailable for the n-Creatirn: of the inhabitantp, who at hie date of the last census numbered 20,050, and were 1414 of the artisan clap's. Bont the heath and the lot Were waste lanOs ef the la-moor of Runcorn, the , erd of the manor elsimiag . to he entitle I to the to to the mines and 'ulcerate, and al so voI.:VAR of cutting turf. The common rights , tetZtjlatie of pastwage, belongin g to the freehold von.:'s of the man,r, abut 30 in number. These rights of seldom exereised, arid apparently were not deemed th4reat value. Ties ri,ghts•of the lord of the manor, if the,' coatinued to bn exercised, would seriously injure kopliroUnd for recreation purposes, and reader valueless 14."0,V4Provernents which might have been carried out The Dietect Council were therefore desirous ;143. the lord's rights in the heath should be abolished, fko aa a result of negotiations it had Neu arranged,and ons.vrovided in the proud i mal order that the lord of the V 5 QC should give up all his rights and interests iii the otirh in consideration of the allotment to him of a small to%R. measuring about half-on-ace, between the public as intended to be straightene +. and the verge of leath, fronting his proper'. After In,aring evidence -4 Sir George Wirron, director of the land division of the ci.olitcl of Agricuitare, Mr. A. Russell, who held the Local 41evernment Board Inquiry, and Mr. Win. Handley, a v.llTher of the Runcorn District Council, the chairman •se ordered to report to the House. • •: "'

ANNUAL TRAINING OF MILITIA. About 1,000 men of the let Battalion South Lan- -444 hire Regiment (Militia)left Warrington on Mon- jmY by special train for their annual training at trle ,r. They were accompanied to the station by and,which playad a suitable selection ofmusie -ma the streets were lined with spectators. LATEST DESIGNS and COLOURINGS Dress Fairies, Silks. Blouses, Sunshades , de.—W.T.WrizzAats, Sankey-street, end Warrington.

VER:

-till

Inery.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Cisku;i4-2,iL

AL,

===== 0002601_18980520_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1•

===== 0002601_18980520_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RIIN'JORN AND MI tDr.'4ES.

SEGOING XI RUNCORN STREETS. On Thursday morning, before Mr. Ockleston, J.P.. I Peter Laverley, was brought up in custody charged with begging from house to heuse,in Church-street,Run- corn.—P.C. Gregory proved the case and prisoner Was sentenced to seven days with hard labour. Rtniconn WESLEYAN CYCLE ars Ruts. On Wednesday afternoon there was a good attendance of members at the weekly run of this club. The place selected was Lymm,and proved very entertaining. On reaching their destination a good tea was partaken of by the members after which a short time was spent in eight seeing. The return journey was made in good time and Runcorn was reached shortly after 8 o'clock. ST. PAUL'S WESLEYAN CROIR. In connection with the annual trip there has been some diversity of opinion as to the destination which will secure a good day's outing. At first Shrewsbury was fixed upon, but owing to the great distance and the amount of time spent in travelling back and to, it has now been decided to forego Shrewsbury, and on Monday night,after some discussion it was unanimously decided to spend the day at Llangollen. Whit-Tuesday is the day fixed for the out.

RUNCORN SONS or TeursraNcs. Mr. Thomas J. Etolt, delivered a lecture, to a well attended meeting of the Runcorn "Sane of ;Temper- ance," on Saturday evening, the subject was "The general effect of the temr irance movement." Mr. George Holt presided, and Messrs. James Johnson, E. Key, Thomas Whyte, John Cooke, D. Bisbrown and the chairman took park in the interesting debate whieh followed the address. The meeting terminated with the the usual votes of thanks.

"PRISON SOONER THAN WORKHOUSE." On Saturday at tise Police Station, Runcorn, before Messrs. G. L. Davies, and W. Timmins, a single woman named Selina Gibbin, was brought up in custody, charged by P.C. Upton, with sleeping out.—The officer gave evidence of apprehension.—Prisoner, who had been before the court last Monday when she was dis- charged on promising to go to the Workhouse, said she would not go to the Woi khouse because of the punish- ment she got at the hands of the neatron.—Mr. Davies . Then why not complain to the guardians.—Prisoner : They won't let me go before the house, sir,—Prisoner th the Workhouse sheen added she would not go to would" sooner go to Prison."—She was accordingly seat to prison fora month. THE ACCIDENT AT RION FIELD TANNERY. On Saturday, the funeral of Mr. Archibald flasselLthe youngiug bs omaneuu pwaht oi ometa t death4b fisir last a week, whilst follow- rill e r Y, under circum- stances already detailed, took place, at the Greenway- road Cemetery. There was a large attendance including the employees of the Hiehfield Tannery, the local Odd- fellows "Rose of Sharon Lodge" of which deceased was a member, and ,several members of the Runcorn Cricket Club. The service was conducted by the Rev. J. Osborne, congreg,ational minister. Much sympathy is expressed throughout the town with the sorrowing sisters of the egPeciar.riliVed. with the young lady to whom he wasdeceased aasbeodu W. Hassel, was was a very prom- dat and be nia isiug young man and much respected among his fellow ' workers as Wat 3 sufficiently testified by the tribute of respect paid to his remains on Saturday. BRUNSWICK BAND OF HOPE. night about 60 boys and girls who have by way of singing and reciting, in the monthly meetings of the above dur- takOennMopnadraty. ing the past session, sat down to aa ex- cellent tea in Brunswick schoolrcam.—The tea,given by several ladies and gentlemen, had been nicely prepared by Mr. and Mrs. John Nancollis. Tie tables were pre- sided over by Mrs. Nancollis and the Misses Handing, Williamson, and A. fiallding, whilst Messrs. Nancollis, J. H. Pickthall, and S. S. Robinson acted as waiters.— After the young people had done full justice to the good things provideo, MesBoB. E 1 ward Taylor and John D. Bisbrown spoke a few words to the children in which they urged upon them the importance of keeping their pledges, and expressed the hope that at the commence- ment of the next session they would again come forward and help to tusks the session as successful as had been the last. The youn4 people spent the rest of the evening its games of rounders, skipping-rope c ompo- titions &c. RUNCORN AND THE 'MR FAMINE RELIEF FUND.

On Friday last there was a erood attendance at the Committee of the Irish Famine Relief Fund held in the Council Chamber, Runcorn. Mr. Samuel Taylor, C.C. presided. The secretaries, Mr. Donnellan and Father Gore were also present. It was reported that the Run- corn Co-operative: Society had promised to contribute £3 Sc. towards the fund ant that about £5 had been collected, an announcement which was well received. Several suggestions were thrown out with a view to for- warding the work of the committee, and the following gentlemen were appointed as collecting committees for the several wards :—Halton Ward.—Mr. Sweetman and two friends. Mersey Ward.—RV. Father Gore, and Messrs. Caskey and Kirkham ; Bridgewater Ward.— Messrs. Handley, P. Leathwood, and Costellion ; New- town Ward.—Mossra Reynolds, Wilson, Bisbrown, and Quinn; Heath Ward.—Messrs. J. W. Lightburn, F. J. Norman, A. R. Norman, Posnett, J. Dolmand, James Sales, Williams and Davies ; Weston.—Mr. James Bas- nett and J. Donnellan ; Weston Point.—Messrs. R. J. McCartney, and J. Chadwick. It was decided to ask these gentlemen to form the nueleus of the several col- lecting committees with power to add to their number, so as to make a house to house canvass of the district. It was further decided to have a concert, entirely of local talent, in the Town Hell, on Monday next (May 23rd), when an effort will be made to secure the services of a speaker who will be able to give a description of the distress in the affected district.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH AND FIINERAL OF MIL DOMES. . _

On Friday last there passed away in the death of Mr John Roden, at the advanced age of 76,an old and faith- ful member of the Brunswick Wesleyan Chapel, Runcorn, where for many years ho figured as an assiduous &sudsy ,echool teacher, and on Wedneaday a touching tribute of respect was paid his memory when his remains were conveyed te their last ['esti% g place, being respectfully followed by many an old scholar who owed his training in the prin- ciples of Wesleyanism to Mr. Soden. For vety nearly the whole of hi a life he was connected with the Bridge- water Navigation Company, and latterly with the Man- chester Ship Canal Co. The funeral proceslion was headed by the Rev. C. W. L. Christien. and Mr. F. J. Norman, J.F., and following the hearse were the scirrowing rela- tions and a large number of sympathetic friends, includ- ing :—Mr. Bisbrewn, Mr. W. Millington, Mr. J. D. Jones, Mr. Joseph Fox Mr. Timothy Simister, Mr. R. Rawlinson, Captain Millinger, Mr. W. Haddock, Mr. W.- Rushton, Mr. Isaac Bowyer, Mr. G. C. ayes, Mr. R. Peacock, Mr. James Grigory, Mr. Joseph Lsadstone,and Captain Anderton. Ths sorvice at the house and grave side was conducted by the Rev. C. W. L. Cnristien. There was a large number of beautiful wreaths sent as a totAen of the res:sect entertained for gr. Bodes+. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. Thomas Coygill, Runcorn. RUNCORN LIBRARY COMMITTER

The monthly meeting of this Committee was held at the Council Chamber on Tuesday evoning, Mr. D. Bis- brown presiding. There were also pi esent :—Messrs. T. RUM M. J. Sweetman, M. L. Myles, and Mr. J. D. Jones (librarian and secretary.) It was recommended that twenty new voluors be added to tte library.—The Chairman announw.d that the Local Government Board had signified their sanction to the alteration of the library premises, and said the work would be taken in 'hand immediately the sanction was obtained to borrow Ithe money. (Hear, hear.) Hs had also seen Mr. Mar- shall, the ascretary of the Urban District C..uneil, and he Informed him that the matter was being pushed forward and within three months they might expect the work to be completed.—The tender accepted for the performance of the work was the sloe of Mr.Sefnon for £227 101., and the amount to be borrowed was £2SO—TO, thanks of the meetinz, were accorded to Mr. Charles Clement Coe (the author) for his presentati.nn volume " Nature versus Natural 9.lections."—fte nsonthly returns showed that 1,963 books had been iaeued, being as fol- lows :—Theology, 17 ; Philosophy, 6 ;_ Science, 70 ; His- tory, 94 ; poetry, 14 ; fiction, 1,525 ; miscellaneous, 223 ; music. 14 ; baiag an increase of 165 on the corres- ponding period last year. The financial statement was also submitted.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
F RODSHAId..

BECIPING IN TUN STREETS.—John Wilson, a tramp, wRB brought up on Monday before Mr. Reynolds, .FP., charged with begging from door to door in Main-street on Saturday laat.—P.C. Needham said he apprehended the prisoner, who was bogging in Main-street. Prisoner had le WI and a quantity of meat in his possession.— Sentened to seven days imprisonment with hard labour. Mr. GLADSTONIfS DELTll.—Flage were hoisted half- mast upon the principal buildings in Frodstram, in re- gretful honour of the great statesman, when the news reached the village of ins lamentable death. UNION CHnneft.—A sale of useful articles in eonnec- I tion- with the ladies' and girl's sewing classes held at the above church,was opened in the schoolroom on Wednes- day afternoon, by Mr. F. Beck, Runcorn, and proved highly successful. Credit is due for the success of the undertaking to Mrs. Davenport, Mrs. Hever., Mists Gib- son,and Miss Ormrod. Numbers of the articles exhi- bited for sale were the work of the members of the sew- ing class.

EXTRAORDINARY COUGII CURE. IPowell's Balsam of Aniseed—For Coughs, Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—For Colds. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Asthma. Powell's Balsam of Aniseect—Couglas.—Bronchitis. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Coughs.—Lung Troubles. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Coughs.—Night Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Cougus,—lnnuenza. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Olughs.—Relleyes Instantly. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Cough3. —Safe and Reliable. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Cought.—Est Wished 70 years. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Coughs.—Refuse Imitations. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Coughs.—Sold by Chemists. Powell's Balsam of Anieerd—Bottles, is. ltd.. 2s. 31. See Trade Mark—Lion, Net, and hlouse, on Wrapper.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX 'MINER, FRIPAY, MAY 20 1898.

RUNCORN NOTES.

[By A. CORTIESPONDBNT.I There are just a few things in Runcorn which could do with a little " improvement." Of course, there are! Everybody knows that ! But how to secure that "little improvement " is the question that agitates the majority of Runcornians. Some people would bring us face to face with our water supply. They would ferce home to us the fact that the water supply of Runcorn is bad ; aye, Very bad. But surely, if it is the desire of Runcorn to improve things all round, it would be better to pursue a course of investigation and see whether the water supply is what it might be. It it were excellent, then there could be no room for improve- ment : but if it did prove defective, see what a great deal might be gained. A thorough investiga- tion by competent engineers, in the nature of a general over-hauling ef things, might be expensive; but asudden outbreak of an epidemic of any serious nature would have a more disastrous effect than the greatest folly in the nature of a false economy, so called, could ever possibly bring about.

The grave has closed -over the mortal remains of the young man Hassell, who met his death at the Highfield Tannery last week. The details of the acci- dent bring before us the great and growing need there is for a hospital of some kind in Runcorn. That a sufferer should, in addition to the injuries sustained in any accident, have to undergo a long and tedious journey by rail to Liverpool berate he can obtain the necessary medical and surgical skill and appliances to cope with those injuries, brings this need before us :with irresistible force. Tots does not imply that in the case quoted above, the patient did not receive what attention could be be- stowed upon him by local practitioners—far from, it; for we know that all that medical skill could do was brought to bear upon the case. But, the writer's object is to press home to the hearts of our " city fathers" the great need of an accident or cottage hospital in Runcorn, where in the case of accident the local practioner could find close to hand every apdliance and convenience to aid him in alleviating the sufferings of any unfortunate person whose con- dition necessitated the extreme course of amputa- tion,

Especially so, in a district brim full of large works where people bring their lives into jeopardy. in the earning of their daily bread, is there need 'for such an accident hospital, and the wonder is that some of those ardent spirits who go abroad vaunt- ing about their doings, seeing " moun- tains" where other mortals only see " mole-hills " have not exerted themselves in this direction. Yet, perhaps, it is well that the necessity should first be felt for an object of this nature to obtain a eym- p,.thic reception, only let U 3 hope something may be done before it is too late.

The committee for the relief of the distress in the West of Ireland is putting forward its work with a view of obtaining a little tangible relief for our fellew-creatures in the West of Ireland. At the meeting on Friday last,a step in the right direction was taken when collectors were appointed to can- vas from door to door. But there was a great deal in the remarks to which Mr.Lightburn gave utterance, when he said thatthere was considerable misconcep- tion with regard to the poverty and want,the abject Pitiable condition of things in the West of Ireland. There required a great effort to keep the case of these distressed mortals before the public, as the true facts were lost sight of in the craze for news from the Far East,and the American-Spanish War. If they intended to be of any material assistance they must keep the public well informed so as to elicit their sympathies in so worthy a cause. Much could be gained by a house to house canvass of the district, hut unless ~he object was well understoed there would be very little response, and much valu- able time lost in explaining the state of affairs. That there is distress in the West of Ireland, and distress of a nature which baffles all description is only too true. For instance, take the case where half-a-dezen people varying from th s ages of 45 to 7 years, herd together in a portion of a room 12 feet by 10 feet, and in the other portion there is a cow or pig, or perchance, as in many other cases a litter of pigs. Surely such a state of things is enough to gain our sympathies, our help, and to cause us to exert our energies on their behalf. There may be nearer claims for l)u r consideration, but there never was a greater need of help than in the ease of the poor— chronic poor—of the West of Ireland.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNIVERSARY OF THE OLD MILL

BROW SUNDAY SCHOOL

On Sunday th anniversary of the Sunday Schools held in connection with the Old Mill ftr.w Wesleyan Chapel. was fittingly celebrated. and ',roved to he the most qtaneesiful ever held tinder the all9nlc.i of this old established school. Taking a retrospective view of the work done by this .ch,nl which was established some- where abeut 53 years ago, one can see nothing but a beneficial Mho:ace—an influence to which many an aged and staunch We;levan (IF the town of Runcorn can look bank upon with feelings of the deepest gratitude for the principles which have been instilled into them whilst they sloe at their Sunday afternoons within it. walls. But times have altered, and the schoolroom which fifty veers ago woe ample for the 'lncommode firm of the Milli Brow scholars. is being comnolled to alter t 0,,, For some time, a portion of the chapel had b..n requisitioned and annlied to the purposse of schonlronm, but this was found to be inconvenient. and ' the friends of the friends of the cause decided to make a special effort upon the occasion of the anniversary of the schools. Of the result of that effort, it proved as stated above, ounerasful," and for that success a e rent measure of praise is due to the indefatigable secretary of the Sunday sehools (Mr. G W. Yates), and the teaching staff generally._

At 10.30 on Sunday morning a large congregation , assembled at the Halton-road Wesleyan Chapel (kindly lent for the purposes of the anniversary), and special hymns and music wen rendered by the choir and scholars of Mill Brow. The preacher was the Re.". Elwin Owen, student at Didshury Colleire, who founded an ex- cellent disCeurse upon : 2nd Kinr. xiii. chapt, 12 and 13th verses. In the evening.the chano was crowded to overflawinfz, and many were glad to be content with a seat in the aisles. The Rev. Elwin Owen,avain nreaehed Ids text being taken hem 2nd chapt., let Epistle of John,l.B and 17th verses "For all that iS in the wnrld,the lust of the flesh. and the lust of the eves, and the pride of life, is not of the father, but is of the world ; and the world nasseth sway, and the lust thereof ; 'but he that doeth the will of Grid abideth for ever." Re drew a beautiful picture of the inflnence of the Sunday School noon the nation, and dopinred the tendency there was ef making the Sunday. into a day of pleasure and iis. sipation. They should take warning, md net he like the French. withnut any Sunday at all. The English people could not aff wd to sacrifice their moral and phy- pleat force, in such frivolity. People talked ef the in- fluence of the theatre as a means of education: hilt what waft it in e,ompsrison with the school of nature. Be c,,m. mended the work of the Sunday sichnels and said it was not Co much their duty as their privilege to ha asked to take part in the good work. The musical portinn of the service Was rharaCteriard by its heartiness, each item, whether rendered by choir, :;h or congregation being effective. The. ctclaar.fAar.llT., however. was the sole " Rock of Ayes" (Jude), hy Miss Clara Taylor, the refrain being; taken nn hr the children hut. although preference must ho given to this item, the whole of thP musical portion of the service was an good, that it will be neces- sary for the supporters of Mill Brnw to work very hard if they would, a 9 in past years,attemnt to imnrnve rinnn their last effort. The rendering of the pieces'' Ruff ir little children " and " Now the day is ever " were especially captivating, the balance of the voices being as near accurate as could he though o trifl more bass, however, would perhaps have improved it. The train- ing of the choir and scholars was the work of Mr.ltates.l York-street, and the torte end precision thrniwtout showed the work had been well done. Mr. G. E. Frith presided at the organ with his customary ability. Refnre the close nf the ee-viee the Rev. Edwin Owen marls n special appeal on behalf of the friends of the sebonia,who were anxious to collect a blot £3O for the work they had in hand, and later had the pleasure of announcing that their hopes had been more than realised as the col- lections for bath services amounted to £35 6; This if, the moat successful anniversary ever hold, end r.alised £lO more than anis previous record. The number of scholars taught in the chen! is 300 and the teaching staff comprise 22, while the resident minister is the Rev. R. J. Clifton.

Mr. :NowaElwrilow.t Simpson, who hi ;lora at Elinburah, llar”onto. an,l 2ramtad 3 dearer nisi on Tlitirs lar, w;th tialr beaanso of Iliq {VW-, adult-Pry with rhino rinrh.rt R;npin. d„.4. crihed as A rarsono meane. A great fire 13,015. nut on Thwoniar rnri.n t Uon Canan, Stamboul. Th fire spread wil.h therelteat rapidity th narrow streeta. Sewer ti dirniling- housos barn boon derroy.d. The loss of lifn is not known yet,

SLEEP FOR SKIN-TORTURED BABIES and rest f Tired Mothers in a warm bath with Colima& Soap,and a single anointing with CIITICHIIkt purest of emollient skin cures. This treatment will afford instant relief. permit rest and sleep to both parent and child. and points to a spNNly. p.rmanent, and economical curs in the most distressing forms of itching,hurning, scAl r,And trusted skin slid valp humours, with losS'Qf tnir,when all else fails.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS AGAINST RUNCORN POLICE.

CHARGES ENTIRELY UNFOUNDED.

On Wednesday priming at the Runcorn Police Station I before Messrs, F. J. Norman and Walter Timmins (County magistrate:). To )alae Finn, des.cribing himself ai a wa,,erc+ess dealor, .r,t4 hrou4nt up, on remand, charged wirn three separate offences. The first with be. ing drunk and disorderly in Vicer-street, and the second and third with assaulting P. G.'it Kendrick and Wylie res- pectively, all of which 'oneness were committed on Monday night. The prisoner was bofore the curt on Tuesday, but owing to him alleging that the pelice had exceeded their duty and get him out of the house by means of a trick, the case was remanded, se as to enahio prisoner to obtain w tnesses.—Superintendent Often con- ducted the case for tee pohce, whilst Finn conducted his own case. Police-Constable Km Irick said on Monday night he was on duty in Church-street. About 11 to 11.39 he heard a row in Vicar-etreet, and on going there found Thomas Finn, the prisoner, drunk and creating a ' disturb tnce by shoutinl and cursing. Re aske I him to go away, but he s aid " I will net go a b-- foot for you. He then struck at him with his fist and they both closed and fell to the ground. During the time they were on the ground prisoner kicked him several times and struck him with his fists. Cinstable Wylie came to his assistance and they got prisoner to his feet. They got him down street to the police-station with some difficulty, but on the way there prisieet assaulted both Constable Wylie and himself. Cross-examined by the prisoner : Ile did not call up the stairs that his brother wanted him in the lock-up, liar was there any other peliceman waiting outside. He did not enter into Ferrell's lodging-house to get him out. By Superintendent Okell He was never inside the lodging-house at all that day or night. He did not know the prisoner and had never seen him before. Police-constable William Wylie, deposed to seeing P.C. Kendrick and Finn on the floor. He assisted Kondrick to lock no the prisoner, who kicked him and struck him with his fist. They got prisoner into Hiv,h-streer, where he again assaulted both offieers by kicking them. They all went to the flow several time before they got to the station. Prisoner was eventually locked up. Sergeant Lee, stationed at Runcorn, said about quarter to 12 on Monday night, he went to the Police Station, and saw Police-Censtatles Wylie at the doer, and Wylie said ha had a prisoner inside. Witness then went into the corridor and saw the prisoner Finn stand- ing against the desk. He asked prisoner where he had been getting all the drink from,t and he said " I have been drinking all day all over the place." He charged him in the presence of Constable Wylie,but in answer to the charges prisoner made we reply. Br Superintendent Okell : Prisoner mid no com- plaint about being fetched out of bed. ' Robert Bennison, labourer. Runeorn, gave evidence as to hearing the row in Vicar-street, and seeing Police Constable Kendrick going up the street. He follow° i the constable and eve id swear ii never entered tee • house. fle had no time to do so wiehoat witness seein4

bitn. Richard Richard +en, 12, Retie:al-At +et, sail 4t a'ti iost. 11.30 on mcm,j4s, e:ger he and hu frieed sI•W the In tri iatrusigling with a policenan. They law aelqe,he, Wylie go down to his assistance.—Crese-exe:nined : He was sure the police never entered the entrance of Farrell's eddeifeg house, they were SOMA distance off. eeseeh O'Brien, 17, Dale-street and William Wright, 13, Church-street, gave similar evidence. Robert Wilkinson, 16, Court-str est (the man who prisoner alleged had aceestel himself and the officers in the street on Mee ley night) eaid he saw the offiser locking the man no and he did say " Hew on this is not good enough." But the policeman that came to him did net strike him at all, only told him t) go home as he hi le elyout t'.e affair. Wivaess was a littl ha drink riiinself. For the defence Finn said he knew as much ab nat the case as a new born chili. He dna not k 5-117 the names of his witnesses but wished to call A foe of the people that were in the lodgings thy:, night te substantiate his statemente. He would try to prove that the policeman had cone into the hoo,le and eenee Finn your brother wants you in the lockups," and also that when 5e..„,, ailanee p eiceirtan met him and struck him on the head and seid " Here's your brother." He admitted beine drunk,but not disorderly,and denie 1 be- ing in Vicar-etreet as he was in the loiging-heuse. The first witness called was Mrs. Ann Farrelldedging-house keener of Vicar-street, who said Finn lodged with her on the Monday and came in close upon eleven o'clock. HQ went to bed and two policemen came for him and said he was wanted and he got up train bed and went with them. The policemee called up the stairs for him.—Cross.examireie he sewn. intendent Okell She was sober and did noo (beak often. She did not like whiskey—(laughter)—but took a little gin and sometimes a drop of porter—(reaewei laughter). She could not pick out the policeman th,t called,and did not know any of them eacerspt Delartive Gregory who was a nice man. (Leughter.) She ,lle not remember Sergeant Lee coining to toe tleese that night. 11 Richard Smith, ef no a lirees, Sall he Wet 1 ):Lki.l:: at Mrs. Farrell's since Thursiee last. tie was there when Finn was taken away by the About ten pelice-consta ble c :one in, there mitautes past eleven the were two of them Oee of them sent Mse. Farrell's grandson for Tom Finn, and he came design in his Ffeirt. He asked the constable whet he wets wanted for and the t officer said "Your brother wants to see you." Finn replied " Well, I don't want to tee him,oi ii yoa want no I will wale," Then the policeman said, "go ant pet your clothes on. Is would be about quarter past elev,il when Finn went (mt.—Cross-ex-mined : a had never been in Fintee company previous to the Monday eieht. He had had some beer,and was not as sober as Finn was. e He could only pointlout one of the pedeereen (indicatin P.C. Kendrick). At the conclusion of the case Superintendent Okell said the prisoner had every facility for obtaining wit- nesses, and prisoner expressed himself satisfisd with the assistance he had obtained. After a few minutee deliberation the Chairman ad- dressing Finn said : You in sae a very iseriens charge against the police yesterday, and we feel perfectly satis- fied that every facility has been given you to substan- titte the charre, which we now CO A4l,r to be eetirele ,infounclel. W. therefore, impose a fine of 5s and 31s and 10,1 coste or 14 days in the first case; and for the second and third charges of assaulting, the police inflict (X - a fine of 103 and 5s cost% or 14 days in each case. The whole of the punishment RI Wetl.K.l) to run consecu tively.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
RTICORN RUGBY FOOTBXLL CLUB.

NOMINATIONS OF OFFICERS AND COMMITTEE. On Tuesday night a meeting of the members of the above club was held at Mr. Riley's, Bridge-street, for the purpose of remisting nominations for the officers of the club for the season 182819, There Was only a fair attendance. Mr. Lightburn who was voted to the chair, said he hoped that the members in making their nomina- tions would do so with a feeling of satisfaction to them- selves, and for the greatest benefit of the club. It was t necessary to nominate only those candidates they felt convinced would stand. The foliowiO4 were then nominated :—President, Mr. Spealtnm . captain of the first team, Nfesssrs. James Butterworth. Houghton, I. Faulkner. The same three were also nominated for the post of sub-captain ; captain of second team, Messrs. T. Warder, T. Wilkinson, Alf. Taylor, also nominated for the sub-captaincy of the second team ! r .reasurer, Mr. C. Pownall ; secretary, Messrs. Edison and Alf Riley; Messrs. F. liosker, Robert Hughes, Cooke, W. Rough, anri Brown ; aAsisbeistrtanAt Abel, re vvtareysl, ey auditors, Messrs. Cooper ai I Lunt ; committee, Messrs. Jones,Craig, George wain- Peter Dearion,Georgo Mackey- wright, A. Canes', George Roberteon, Lightburo, A. Sefton. illancock,T. Robinson, S tioughton, John Fraser, S,muel Abraham, U. Garrett, T.;ght• f •-••Ot. Ja•llP9 Tudor, Warder, George Moores, Dan , xtC aarsrsoelyl Niel,As tAhleb ecrottnArnh et is to consist of only 12 mem- bers, there will undoabte By be a close contest at the annual m”eting of the club when the election takes place. During the et)Urge Of th" Prsceediugs the cioestion was raised as to whether a person on,o. than a member of the club could be nominated for office.—The Chairman said he would not like to give his ruling upon tho matter but would take the voice of the meeting. On putting the question to the meeting it was negatived by large majority. and the opinion W 49 expressed that a person who had not sufficient interest in the club to be— noose a member would make only an indifferent officer.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRIDGE-STREET al- PROVEMENTB. . FURTHER ARBITRATION P ROCEEDINGS

FIRST DAY. In the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, War- ngton, on Tueeday, further arbitration proceed- ngs were conducted with reference to the pur- cnase of property by the Corporation in Bridge- street, for street improvement purposes. Mr. Chandley claims from toe Corporation the sum of .C 8,240 in respect of the premises 92 and 94, Bridge- street. The Corporation offer him £3,400. Mr. Thomas Wainwright (Liverpool), was again the umpire ; the arbitrator for the Corporation was Mr. Wilson, whilst Mr. J. C. Sutter' acted for Mr. Cbandley. The Counsel representing the Corporation were Messrs. E. Sutton and J. K. 13radoury (instructed by Mr. J. Lyen Whittle), and Mr. W. F. K. favlor, Q.C., instruo- ted by Mr. Hatton (Messrs. Robert Davies, Kirkconnell, Bareess, and Hatton) represented Messrs. Chandley. Amongst those present were the Mayor (aldermen Wright), Alder men Sutton, Fairclough, Blackh urst, Roberts ; Councillors Heaton, Slaw Green, Evans ; Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), John Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Thomas Longdiu (borough sur- veyor), John White, H. Beresford Melville,John ilesketh J. L. Tunstall, Thomas Twister!, H. J. Westbrook, H. Chandley, Robert Lowe, and F. Jenkins, Mr. Taylor, in opening the case on behalf of the claim- ant,said the arbitrators had been so recently hearing a case from the same neighbourhoc d that it would be fu- tile to take up their time with any description of the neighbourhood or any statement about the value or the popularity of the neighbourhood or of its copulation. Mr. Chandley claimed compensation for two premises numbered 92 and 94 Bridge-street which the Corporation of Warrington were seeking or were going to take from him under or by virtue of compulsory newers. Mr. Chandley himself was the occupier of 92. The place was occupied by himself and his son as a joint firm, but for the purposes of the case Mr. S. Chandley would ap- pear alone. The point of the case with regard to 92 was that the premises had beers arranged for the purposes of the business of painting and decorating,which Ilr.Chand- ley carried on. The premises were peculiarly adapted to the business, and one of the pins of valuation that would have to be taken into acceutit was theirsituation with regard to the trade that had to be carried on. The question was, what was the fair price to be obtained in true m3rkat for the shops, if Mr. Chandley desired to sell them ? The premises at 94 Were on rather a different footing. They were now unoccupied. They had been let to a Mr. Jenkins during four successive ten- ancies, beginning at a rent of £4O per year. The lease was for a period of seven years, and had been renewed on four different occasions, but it had not been rein red aince 1895. Even then Mr. Jenkins was anxious to re- new the lease, but Mr. Chandley, hearing that the place would be wanted by the Corporation, refused to renew it. The basis cu winee the compensation weale be made was one of rent, and the question for them to con- sider was, what were the rents of thcse two places ? The rent id 94, which hsd eo.nor,i-itied at £4O, had gone up to £BB, iVnen the p artner,hip iv as entered into by Mr. Chandley and hie son there WAS a rent put upon Na. 92 by the firm payable by the fettles- and son to the father. This was at first fieed at £BO a veer, but it was deemed proper to raise this to £9O a your. Another question they would have to consider was that of compensation for disturbance. Mr. Chandley'e was an old-establishedl business, and dated a long way ba3k. The premises had been in the actual occupancy of the family for a period r of something like 200 years. Mr. Sutton : Can you peeve it ? (Leughter.) Mr. Bradbury: Can you bring a living witness ? (Laughter.) Mr. Taylor : Ors' never knewe the resources of dais lisation. (Laughter.) Con awing he solid the difficulty was where was Mr. Chandley to go to to centinue his business? He had attempted to find a place, but as yet had not been successful. It would be utterly impossiele for him to get a place scaitable and advantageous for • his business as the place elairned by the Cerperatioa. And even amp >sing he Wt., g)t shoo ifs Wars ringtonavhether it was in a front street or a battik street, there was still the grater di.fi loe:y vi,jog • n the agreestion of space. It would be extremely inffieuit for Mr. Chandley to gee spec- wherein to cure oa his busi- ness in the efficient way he had been accustomed to delay it on. When Mr Gee:idles was turned out not only would he lose some por'.i.n of the business but there must be some exosinaes of rienevel and some dimi- natiou of the profits he wee making. These were the elements the arbitators had to deal with. Mr. Sylvanus Chandley, reeler:3g at L utoliford, painter and decorator, said he was the owner of the property at 92 and 94 Bridge-stse t. The property was freehold, with the exception of 133. 4d. paid to Sutton's Execiu- ' tore. Fie carried on business in partnership with his sore He bed been in business forty years and he under: steel they he'd been on the Caine si e eiuee Mg. The WantleilS es had been riabuilt by himself Abel 35 years 'Aar). The position was decidedly edveeeageo33 for his creineetion, ane it would coast seriously aff set tee busi- ness to remove from there. A great many of his cues t enere came from Cheshire, and his establishment was the first after crossing the bride.. use suburbs on the Llneashire side were not as good as these in Cheshire. He bad teen unable to find suit dile preinisos in the main streets. The rent for the premieei 9Celpin iby hims.)lf and his son had been a nominal 010 gimes !Assure entered into partnership. At first it was £BO and had since been increased to £9O. This was entirely a nominal sum, anil we.c never made with the ides of the true value of the premises. With reference to the shop which was occupied by Mr. Jenkins, that person Was a tenant paying £BB from 1881. The rental was raised to that sum when some altealtiens were made. rue tenancy was not renewal is Fast* 1895 He hid a con- versation with the Town Clerk and in consequence of that he terminated MaJenkins teaancy at that date. If he had renewed the lease he believed he cruld have got £9O a year. He had an advanced offer from another gentleman which he was obliged to refuse. Is omen cost witness £l5O to remove to other premises. He let the Shop alter 1895 on a short tenancy at about £4O a year. He also let it at £1 a week to other tenants. Croue-examined by Mr. Sutton : He didn't mind the Coln seeing his son who was the partner. NO docu- ment was drawn up as to the terms of the tenancy. He never charged himself with rent before his son was taken into partnership. He di I not know that the rent chargeable to his son prior to 1895 was £65. If Mr. Tunatall said it was so ent led in he books it might be so. He did not consult his son when the rent was raised. The rent was raieee to £9O in 1897. The Order for the improvement of this greet was in 1895 Toe agreement with Mr. Jenkins wa.l that the tenant was to pay the rates and also the repairs. It Was for zee , year. Mr. Jenkins told him th it he would be prepared Ito pay £BO A year. He bee made reasoner enquiries for new premises in addition to advertising. On re,mining after lunch. Mr. Chantey was re- examined by Mr. Taylor: He stated that he had some land in Exypt-street, but l would require censiderable alterations to enable him to carry on business there. Mr. John Hesketh was the next witness. He stated that he was a painter and decorator, and was the senior partner in the firm of Hesketh and Dutton. He had examieed the premisee in question. They had been built specially for the purpose, and there was plenty of light in them. It was a great advantage to have the shop and business premises all in one, as well as space for ladders. fie did not go into the cellars. De had had considerable experience in looking after the business premises. He should think the premises were worth £l5O a year. He was now only speaking of Messrs. Cnandlee's premises. By Mr. Sutton : Witness was a furniture and cabinet maker. He was also a manntacturer of furniture. His factory was in Bovvsey-street, acd the stock was in Sankey-street. Be bad paid £137 a year for his pre- mises—for the front chop, warehouse and ent'eage—run- nine into Regent-street. fhe place was on lease, By Mr. Taylor : In their present premises' they had a very poor light ; Chandley 's had a good and uninter- rupted light. Anything coule be done on Chandley's previa:see. There Was an increase of rent provided for in his lease, but he could not tell whenit would dste. Re had to spand a considerable amount of money on the premises when he get them, but his not tell the exact amount—probsbly from £BOO to £l,ooo!—Mr. Taylor : Do you think it is possible for Mr. Cliandley to get similar premises to those he hag, it he had to leave nridge-street, in Warrinaton 2—Witeess : I should think it would b. a very difficult matter. Mr. Frederick Jenkins, formerly tenant of 94. Bridge- street, where he carried on a beat and secie business, said he was there a long time. Ile was Tint now carry- ing on business there ;be went oet in 1895: He wanted acid he pressed loin for a I t ) stay on with Mr. Chandley. fresh lease. He considered £BO a year a fair rent. It was the best business stand in Warrington—ntny pArt of Bridge-street—especially the part in question. By 'Ma Sutton : He was not prepared to stay on as a yearly tenant. He did not reside in the place after 1871 ; he used the house for a warehouse,. He took the place in 1e85: Ills goods caale in to the side entrance. It was quite as good a hones al he could get for £l3 . a year. If he paid £BO a year for the place he should expect to have the house; if he did not have the house he should want to pay £l3 less. Mr. Robert Lowe, auctioneer and estate agent, War- rington. said he had been employed by Mr. Chandley to find a place for him,but he had not been able to find one. He bad been looking in tiankey-etreet, Bewsey-street,and the four principal streets of the town. He did not think the premises in Rose and Crown-street were at present suitable for Mr. Chandley's business : they might be made suitable if he could get sufficient yard accommoda- ticn. • Bridge-street was the best business street in War- r rington. He had taken account of the Lumbers of vehicles passing over Warrington BridgP. The date was May llth,—market day, but the day was not suit- able owing to the weather ; also over Bank Quay rail- way bridge. The numbers were taken between nine in the morning and four in the afternoon. Over Warring- ton bridge into Bridge-street there were 377 carriages and 92 'buses. Over Bank Quay bridge there were 135 carriages and 47 'buses. He did not count the carts and lurries. Re bad arranged a good many tenancies in

I

Bridge-street for companies. Messrs. Lipton's place of b asiness Was in Bride,e-etreet. By Mr. Sutton : From Lancashire into Warrineton there were three main entranc-s. The lime and Crown site could be made suitable it there was a good yard. There were very few small sleeps to be found in Warring ton ; he could not mention half a dozen. He had been on the look out for a place for Mr. Chandley for about two months. He did not direct his attention especially to streets off di-1 main streets. Mr. Jelin White p:o duced a plan, and gave the dimen- ens of the premises in question. There was a total area ot 534 eq. yards. The total value of the property he estimated at £5,055 Is 81. fie bad not made a reduction for the repair of the premises. They were not in a good condition now peedy owing to the state of affairs which had existed for the past two or three years, and other circumstanoes.—Mr. Taylor : Could Mr. Chandley get premises suitable for his business els swhere P—Witness : I don't know of any. They could not be got without great difficulty. I think the probability is that he would have to move into temporary premises somewhere be- fore he would find anything to suit him. Cross-examined by Mr. Sutton: If he had heard Mr. Hesketh's evidence before, he would probably have put a little mere on his (Mr. White's valuation. (Leueleter.) This was one of the oldest established businesses in War- rington. One could not estimate the expense of removal, and Mr. Claaniley was entitled to the full benefit of the three years. One could not tell what the expense would be ;it might be more or less. Mr. Chandley had a good name.—Mr. Sutton: A certain amount of business would follow him no doubt wherever he went 2—Wit- ness : You cannot estimate the amount that would follow him. There is the difficulty.— The Umpire : Some of the premises are very old.— Witness : The back portion is very oil—The Umpire : The structure is worn —Witness : Yes.—The Umpire: would you allow something for that 2—Witness : I have said that I would allow £lOO or £l2O to put the property into repair.—The Umpire : Would that be sufficient de you think 2—Witness quite sufficient. Mr. Thomas Sateen io bis evidence on behalf of the claimant said that the promiFpa were very good and suitable for the budeess cerris I on, particularly by Mr. Chandley—better tic an anything he could get in the town for the purpose. Mr. Sutton then put in his valuation 4, the total amount of which was £5,316 63. 81., although in this and in Mr. White's evidecc a a certain sum was allowed for disturbance of business. By Mr. Sutton : An expenditure of £lOO weuld put the property in fair condition. About £2O a year would keep the whole property in repair.—The Umpire : Can you give me an idea what the buildings, apart from the land, are worth 2—Witness : I have not gone into that question fully. My val cation was based on my know- ledge of the value of other prop,rties in this street. The inquiry as then adjourned until the following morning. SECOND DAY'S PROCEEDINGS. The arbitration proceedings were resumed on Wednes- day in the Town Hall. Mr. Hartley, architect and surveyor, practising in Liverpooesaid he had been familiar with Warrington for 30 years and knew the value of property in tha town. He had made two surveys of the premises. He described Mr. Chandley's property as being in excellent order. He estimated the rentals of the property as follows :—Jen-1 kin's shep and house £B5, Chandley's shop and offices £7O, warehouses and yard £5O, making a gross renal of £205. For leakages be made a deduction of 20 per Cent., which amounted to £2O 10a., giving a net rental Of £lB4 103. That he had taken at 25 years purchase which gave £4,612 103. From that he took off for re- pairs £lBo,and £3O for the 13s. 4d. rent paid to Sutton's making £4,412 10s. Ho added to that 10 per cent, for compulsory sale which was £441 53., making a net value of £4,853 151. To that he added three years' purchase as compensation for disturbarce. He took three years as the basis for compensation for disturbance. He thought this was a special caseowing to the suitability of the present premises. Cross-examined by Mr. Sutton : He did alt think it was a curieusly constructed building. He supposed it had been specially erected for the business. This concluded the evidence for the claimant. Mr. Sutton slid he prei:osed to cell his witnesses on behalf of the Corporation first, and to address the Court afterwards. There was only one observation he wishe I -

_ to make and that was in regard to the evidence of Mr. Hesketh. As he attached some importance to the rent which Mr. liesketh was paying for his premises and also tie the view which he understood the arbitrators were taking after they had viewed the premises, he should like to have Mr. Hesketh's evidence corrected. Ile (Mr. Suttee) was now given to understand that the rent paid by Mr. Eleaketh was not £ll5 but £B5. Mr. Thomas Tunstall was the first witusss called by the Corporation, and stated that he had been engaged in going into this matter from the commencement. He did ' net think much expense would be {centred by the I, cleimant in removing the stock and fixtures as there was little to remove. He considered the rental of the property a fair bole upon which to value the property. The front portion of the property war/ in very poor re. I pair, and he did not think the back premises could he put ia a reasonable state of repair without pulling the building down. The workshops end workrooms were in a good state of repair. The rental of £BO existing between Mr.Chandley and his son was a full rental,and was as mach as could be got for the pre- :Mies. With regard to Jenkins' shop be bad taken the rental at £6B 103. By spending £l2O or £lOO as had been saggested, it might increase the ren'al .£1 a year more. The cottage as a separate property would not he worth any more. Be estirmtc..d the rental of Mr. Chandley's premises at £BO, and of the shop adjoiningsat £6B 10/.Deducting ten per cent for repairs it gave an annual value of £13313 He estimated the purchase value at 20 years which would be £2873. less c )ief rent on 131. 61. per annum at 25 rare purchase which would be £l6 17s. 6J, leaving £2656 2‘. 61. To that be added ten per cent for com- pulsory sale amounting to £265 12s. 31., making a total of £2,921 14,. 91. In addition he allowed one year's purchase for disturbance and loss of business. He agreed with Mr. White that a consider- able portion of Mr. Chandley's business would follow him wherever he went. He did not think Mr. Chandley would have any insuperable difficulty in getting awe' her place.—ln answer to the Umpire, Mr. Tunstall said he did not think Mr. Chandley weuld find another set of workrooms on exactly the same lines as the present ones but there were premises which could be obtained and altered. Cross-examined by Mr. Taylor : He had given evidence in similar eases and bad sat as arbitrator. He included the expense of removal in the compensation for disturbince. He would undertake to remove the whole stock for £5O. He considered the doors in the precaises old and worn. In fixing the rentals in his valuation he wanted to bo liberal, and had given what he considered a fair rental. Mr. T. Silk Wilson, valuer and surveyor, Manchester, said he had examined the property in question, and heSl valued the rental of the entire property at £135. He then allowed 20 years purchase which gave £2,780, and deducted £l6 133. 41. for chief rent which gave £2,683 6/. 81 To that h added 10 per cant, for compulsory purchase, making a set value ot £2,951 135. 4d. He also allowed one year's purchase as compensation for disturbance. He did net agree that 25 years purchase was a proper figure to give. This was not a chief rent or ground rent. The number of years purchase was fixed to some extent by the character of the property itself. The buildings were out of date and old. Croiiii-ex mined by Mr. Taylor : In the last cavi—the Feathers Hotel arbitration—he allowed 20 years purchase for back property. Be didn't think he oueht to make any difference for front premises. The element to be taken into consideration in fixins the num ser of years purchase was the condition of property.—ln answer to the Umpire, witness said a new property recently erec- ted and Tensility held under lease might be worth in re than 20 years purchase. Be had bought a great deal of shop property at not more than 20 years purchase. Mr. Edmund Kirby, of Liverpool. explained in detail the condition of the property, and pointed out the de- tects. In valuing the premises he took the rental paid by Messrs. Chandley in 1896—£80—a5 the basis for , number 94 Bridge-street, and the warehouses, etc , be- hind, and *lse the rental of £6B paid for Jenkins shop a e, the basis ci valuing that property. The rental wa a therefore £l4B, and from that he deducted £l4 161 4 In leakages. foie at £2O years purchase gave £2,664. He deducted from that £2O foe chief rent, and added ten per cent, for compulsory sale, giving a total valuation of £2,968 8/. One year's purchase must be added to that for loss of business threugh removal. He thought three years purchase was too much altogether. This sires all the evidence called on behalf of the Cor- poration, and the Court adjourned for luncheon. Mr. Sutton, on resuming.addressed the Court in sup- port of the 3orporation. He said that although there might be nonsiderable differences in the ultimate re- sults s rriveil a, there did not seem to be any great difference between the witnesses called as to how the nurser should be dealt with. One of the main ques- tions in the case had been the number of years purchase that ought to be put on this property. Having regard to the situation of the property which could not be improved so as to give any greater accommodation than the present buildings could, and also to the condi- tion of the property, he submitted that there was no- thing to justify the property being valued at more than 20 years purchase. Another element of importance was the question of what the rental ought to be. He had always a feeling of suspicion when a gentleman Came forward and said that the rent he had been obtaining was not a correct rental. He could not accept the state- ment ot'Mr. Chaudiey that the rent he received from the fitm was a family rent. In fixing the rent Mr. Chandley was taking into consideration what was the proper sum for a 'firm to pay him as rental, and this was shown by the tact that the rent was raised from VS to £BO. Be wee.gesteeee as good a rent as could be obtained, arid it looked ,8 if he was anticipating the action of the Cor- poration when he quite recently raised the rent to £9O: Proceeding to refer to the rental of Jenkins' chop' ths learned counsel pointed' out- that -£66 Paid by Mr. Jenkins was a fair-and proper rental, It was true that Mr. Jenkins Paid he would have been prepared to pay £BO for a further lease, but it must be remembered that Mr. Jen- kins was carrying on a successful business there, and the promises were Worth more to him than they would be , N

===== 0002601_18980520_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
_ - -I

HE BELFAST

.OUS}.

JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED Bl* to inform their former patrons and the Pub- Ho generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS.

_ NAPKINS, SHEETINGS," PILLOW LINENS, TOWEELING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS 8; CUFFS AND LADIES' A.NI) CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at

BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LWERPOOL HOWNSHIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET. GLASGOW. 53, Nzrr STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARIMILLE FACTORY, BALLTICERE.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
to anyone else. The fact was that rather than be dis- turbed he would be willing to pay a little more rent, than in other respects the premises might be able to com- mand. Dealing with the questim of compensation for trade disturbance, Mr. Sutton suggested that Mr. Chand- ley had not exercised prorer diligence in endeavouring—, to get further premises. He did not tell his agent early enough, and Mr. Chandley did not seem to have inquired whether any ot tho property alrea ly cieared hi B:idge- street would be suitable for his purposes. There VMS nothing to show that Mr. Cherailey conidn't get suitable premises, and Mr. Tunstall had already point,ed out premises which could be adapted to the claimant's busi- ness. To suggest that in a place like Warrington there was not a place suitable for Mr. Chandley's business was to belittle the town. _

Mr. Taylor said first of all this fact was clear,that both sides were agreed that the basis of value was to be on the rent the premises could c mainand. That point be- ing settled four questions arose, and they were these : What is the rent numbEr 92, Bridge-street can obtain ; what is the rent number 91. can ootain ; what is the number of years purchase to be gives ; and what is to be given for trade disturbance. Mr. Taylor pro. ceeded to comment on these tour points seriatim. He pointed out that the rentals given by the Corporation witnesses were taken from the claim- , ant's books. Was it a fair test to take the rental existing between father and son 7 He submitted that he rental to be obtained in open market fzuen a person carrying on a business similar to Mr. Chandley was a fair basis. The arbitrators heard what Mr. Hesketh, who was a rival to the claimant,said regarding the rent he would be prepared to give for the premises. It weS also stated by Mr. White and Alderman Sutton,vrho we 3 local men,that they were Certain the claimant could ob- tain £l2O a year for his basiness premises. Raferring to the rental of the shop which was previously occupied by Mr. Jenkins Mr. Taylor vierred to the gradual in- creases which had been made in the rent,and said it was fair to assume that the rental would have continued to increase. It was given is evidence by Mr. Jenkiii. that he would have been prepared to give £BO if he c,-inid have olatained a fresh lease, and it was for the arbitrators to decide whether that was a fair rental to be given for the shop. As to the number • of years purchase to ne given he submitted that if the back property were worth 20 years purcaase something more should be given for that at the front. Ira dealing with the last point, that of trade disturbance, Mr. Tay- lor dissented from the opinion expreaged by Sutton that the claimant had not been diligent in obtaining s' fresh place. It must be borne in mind that :be notice to treat was only dated July, 1897, so that a great deal ; of time had not elapsed. Toe test for compensation for disturbance must be such a sum as would compensate the claimant for his loss in busines.l from the time he ; was turned out uctil he got back to his normal condition in his new place. There must undoubtedly be some loss 4n business owing to removal from the principal street . to some other place. The procceding3 then terminated.

ri.j. RHIN'S PRESBTT 13 RI A.ti CHURUH, WIN WICK STREET, WARRINGTON. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES, TO-MORROW (Sunday), May 22nd. 10.30: REV. J. WARNOCK. 6.30: REV. JORN 11. SCOTT. of Manchester. Collections.

WANTIID an ACiIiNT for Runcorn ant District to sell on Commission, Pianos ant oritns ,or cash, or on the hire purchase system.—diress giving references to SMITH, SONS, IND Co., 179, Oxford-rovl, MAnchaster.

WANTED, go ll Arorvy. ylung GRNURA.G .314!{V.VSIC,,able to wash, wages 51.—A.J., 255, Moss-lan e That, Man- chester.

WANTS]) experi enled CO OK-GBNE RAG alio good HOUSHMAID - WAIT/MS.—Ars. Sumo/4', oOwley Hill-lane, St Helens.

WANTICD Respectable GIRL, as General, (ablat 23). Apply by letter. to Mrs. BantoW, 8, Swinton A,ventiet Plymoutis Grove, Manchester,

---- IRISII DISTRESS IrETND.-NIOND-AY NEXT, May 23r1, 1893 & VOCAL AND INSTRITMCNTAL CONCHRT In aid of the above FUND. will be given in the PUBLIC HALL, RUNCIFIN. THE_VOLUNTRBH..B AND:. THD RUNCORN °ROHM-

TRAL SOCIRTY, MR. MORRIS' GLEE PAlrilf, And the following Artistes have kindly promisid to assist ; —Miss Clara Taylor, Miss A. Taylor. Mice Jo'Jason,, Miss Simkin. Mr. Dockre Nly A. Grounis, Mr. A. ihtngler, sal Mr. T. Johnson.—Aesompanist, Mr. W. Griunds. Prices i—Reserved 25.. Front Is.,Seconcl 6 I.,Back latilery 31. To commence at 8.

BLACK POOL—Mrs. Hinaow, Heloashore House, Charn- ley-road, off C wonation-street AP A ITM S ; near Central Station ; good bele ; piano.

WANTED, a clean, respectable GIRL, about 15; good heme.—Mrs. MILLER, 45, Wiloislow-roa 1, Didsbury, Manchester.

WANTHD, an AUNT for Warrington and district to sell on Commission, Pianos and Organs, for Cash or on the Hire Purchase Systera.—Ad ireas givino; references to SMITH, SONS AND Co, 179, Oxford-road, Manchester.

E7BILLIARD BAG 4.TELLE TABLE ; 12 feet, elate bed, massive frame, exoellent Co idition, Due., Marker. 3 Ivory B ,il3, left here for eale.—G. STREET, 14, Wavertree-road, Liverpool,

METONIC CY'ILIIS at absolutely withlut rival as regards quAlity, finish, and price. GEM'S from £lO 10s. LADY S from £ll. Large so sa of be Bsv.dish Weldlest' steel Cycle Tubes and Fittings of All sitss. Plait- ing, 'Boomslll-nr, Taming, Brazing arid WheAl Linilding for the trade.—MCIONLIGHT MIVITFICTITRING CO3fPINY WORKS.- Rdgevale, Smitladown-lane, Liverpool, Branch. 49, Ttonel- road, Liverpool.

DOU4LA.S, MR OF MAN.—COmfortable APART- MINTS with or withae boa-d, Ars. Vtofr,MAnchaster House, 5, Castle Nfoaa Aveau9, firlidwav ; w:thln a few yards of shore an 1 btthing grount Terms, bad 2e, or tel bed and brelkfast 3s 61.

1 SIM OF 13‘11aehrink Farm Boarding lionse,Dalby, near Glen May ; quit resort, every ,omfort ; laisn tennis; terms molerate.-3. (PANE.

HARROGATEL—Hibon Lodz,. Park Visvr ; select Rem- MINCH for visitors, with or without buard.—B., FSDARB. Proprietress.

WANIJI 0, a strong GIRL. to asiist in housework s good home.-71, PRINCKSS-BOAD, Mss Side, Aanohester.

RBOULAR SUNDAY SAILINGi. IV ERPOOL AND NORTH wALES. jj The Splendid SaIOOR Steamer SNOWDON Will Sall (weather and cireumstmees permitting) on SUNDAY next, and every Sunday during ths season, for Llandudno. Beaumaris, Bangor, Menia Badge. leaving Liverpool at 10-45 a.m, and arriving bacit about 7-45 p.m. Low Fares For further particulars apply to W. if. DODD, 31, Tower- buildings, Liverpool.

TO BE SOLD THIS W EEK By PRIVATE TREATY, Together or Separately 10 LEG VICES. • 4 DRILLING MACHINRS. • 2 FOOT BLUIVNItS (Fletcher, Russell, and Co.) 2 BLOWPIPES for same, And a Quantity of MECHANIC'S TOOLS. RUGHES BROT HE RS, PAWNDROICUILS, Jli WELLE RS. CLOTHIERS, and TOOL FACTORS, 116, 118, and 120, BRO WELL/ W HILL, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5171.

ISLE OF MAN EXPt (Sunday From LIVIMPOOL. To

tiESS' NIAIL excepted).

From DO uau.s. 26th May. 6atur4ay and Monday, 9 a m and 4 p m Other Weekdays 9 a m Monday, May. 23rd. ...12-30 a m

Saturday and Monday. 1.30 a in and 4 p in Other Weekdays...ll-30 a in ,

Friday, 27th May,, to Tuesday, Ith June, Daily...lo-30 a m and 2 p m 1 Daily Pa m and 4 p m Bxrue SAIL' sGS. Daily, Friday, 27th May to Whit-Mon. 6-3) pm ,t 12 night Saturday 4 June 12 night livery Mond ty l2-30 ain Friday, 27th sp m Daily, Monday 30th. to Friday. Saturday 23th 3pm It Spin I June 3rd 12 night Whit-Monday 1 am Saturday, 4th June 6 pm a. FLEETWOOD TO DOUOLAs. DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily. Friday. 27th May to I Daily, Friday, 7th May to Tuesday:7th June.at2ls pm Tuesday,7lh June, at 83U am LIVERPOOL TO RAMSEY Draw r.—nyery Saturday, 1.2-33 noon, via Douorda Thursday, May 26th. at 11-30 ain ; fri- day, 27tb, Whit-Monday. Thursday, ind, Friday. 3rd. and Tuesday, 7th, at 2 p in FLEETWOOD TO ttaMSEY.—Via Duro-Las at 219 p in, on Friday. 27th, Whit Monday, Thursday, 2nd June, Friday,3rd June, and Tuesday, 7th June. Sailings and Quide forwarded by Isle of Man Steam Packet Co puny. Limited, Douglas.

jAmEs TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET,

_ WAIiIUNGTON. (Olose to Wholesale Vegetable Market.): The PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows. &a. reruoved any distance up to 15 miff,' on the shortest notice.

BLOOD AND BON 1,.; 111 ANDRES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from Leadin,g Farmers of the dinrict. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PEICES ON APPLICATION. WRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest, Prices paid.

SLAUGHTER YAIcD, —LONGFORD. EBTABLIBIt3CD 18710,

EXIIIBITION GRASS SEEDS, 1 rer lb. SOW sow. DV/AUVERGREEN. SOW NOW. ROBERT p• KEE AND SONS, 11, IiASNRTT-STRERT, I.117131:POOL.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Thursday.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Pa*

===== 0002601_18980520_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. :

===== 0002601_18980520_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
: V ii ,- k ' 4 '

===== 0002601_18980520_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
t 1 'lb ' k 1 ir; 11' ' ~ 0.,. A ,i Vg

===== 0002601_18980520_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 1..

===== 0002601_18980520_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980520_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1. ‘

===== 0002601_18980520_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

t ,;'

===== 0002601_18980520_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE IS ONLY ONE.

There is only one' First" in a race, and it is acknow- ledged ,eithout doubt that GWILYM EVANS' QULNLNE BITTERS, The Vegetable Tonic, is The Best Remedy of the Age for Weakness, Nervousness, Indigestion, Loss of Appetite, Impure Blood, Chest Affections, Low Spirits, and Influenza. This remedy of world-wide fame strengthens that part of the system which is weakest or aas been weakened by disease,and therefore more liable to colds and their attendant ailments ; it purifies the blood and stimulates the circulation, assists arid pro- motes digestion, and improves the appetite. It braces the nerves and fortifies the muscles, rouses the shiggi,h liver, and thus enlivens the spirirs ; it removes all im- purities and obstruction a from the human body, and gives tone to the whole system. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters 13 purely vegetable, for the formula includes the Tonic properties of Sarsaparilla, Saffron, Gentian, Bur- dock, Lavender, and Dandelion, in addition to Quinine, and is suitable to all ages, from the infant to the adult, and confidently recommended to those who have to devote themselves to study and brain work, to all who work long hours in close rooms, to those who breathe impure air, and all who have to stand exposure of the weather. People that suffer from brain fag and sleeplessness, who feel " out of sorte " and "run down" find rapid and permanent relief from the use of Gwilym Evaus' Quinine Bitters. The occupations of some men keep their whole faculties continually at their furthest stretch, and life is all hurry and worry. Little wonder is it that this extreme tension leads to an unusual wear and tear of the nerves and that these bard-worked toilers require an extra sustenance for body and brain. Now, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters feeds both, and men are wise if they look ahead and preserve their strength by taking this infallible feeder to all vital powers. There are five fixed facts about this renowned preparation—lst, used by medical profession; 2nd a purely vegetable com- pound ; 3rd, absolutely free from mercury ; 4th, tested for a quarter of a century ; sth, The Best Tonic. There are many medicinal tonics offered to the public,but they May be classified under two heads :—The Best and The Rest. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS IS THE BEST. Caution, beware of imitations. See that you get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, with the n, rue " Gwilym Evans "on label, stamp, and bottle. Sold everywhere in bottles at 2s. 91. and 44. 61, or in cases e,entaining three 44. 61. bottles at 123. 61. per case. Should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it the Proprietors will forward for the above prices, carriage free. Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manafacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITiEFIS. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

MONDAY. - Before Mr. S. Wright (In the chair), Clouuti(nor James Smethurst, Councillor Shaw Gireen, and Alderman

Illackhurst.

BE6GlNG.—Williara Burrows forbegging to Sankey-street on Satu,day night was committed to prison for seven days' hard labour. _

DRUNK AND DISuRnERLY —Thomas Williams, 15, Rostock- street. and Reuben Powell, 6.1. Howard-street, were charged with this offence on Saturday night.—P.O. Carter proved the case and defendints were each fined ss. and costs.-sarah Bradley was charged with this offence in Bank-street at one o'clock on Sund,sy morning, and for bretkls4 a pane of glass belonging to Patrick Bennlon, B ink-street. value 2s. She was fined ss. and ordered to pay 2s, for the value of the liddleston, hawker. Haydock-street for being drunk and disorderly in Winnick-roal on Sunday night was fined ss. and costs —P.C. Newey proved the case. --Margaret Burke, fustian cutter, was charged with this offence on Sunday night, and also with Illtreatiag her child. —P S. Evans said Montt 11 o'clock on Sunday night Burke was drunk and challenging another woman to fight She had a child in her arms, which she dropped about twenty times. Another officer 0 rroberated the statement. The Bench committed 11. r to prison for a month with hard labour.—J smelt 11.-nshaw, fish salesman, 40, King-street, for being drunk and disorderly in Uolborae-street on the Bth inst. was fined 51. and costs. FURIOUS RlDlNG.—Albert Cade, of NichAson-street. a 1 a youth of about 15 years of age for furiously riding a horse in Queen-street. no the 9th inst. was Lied 2e. 6d. TosslSO FOR MONEY —john Birchen. 6, Melville-street. Richard Lei4h, 43. Forster-street. Heary Holding. 16. S. am f ord-st-e et, William Harrison. 5, Bowes-street William Hardman. 10, Watkin-street. Arthur Bent- ley, 19, Watkln-street, James Pemberton, 52, Watkln street. Charles Mains, 2, Beck Stanford-street. and Samuel Tayl^r. 3, StAmfordatreet. youths whose ages raaged from 10 to 18 years.were charged with tossing for money in Hoyt e-street, on the B`.h May. All defend sots pleaded guilty. P.C. Turner proved the case. The Bench fined etch of them 2s. 6d. MAINTENANCIS ClSlC.—Rlebard McCue. a bricklayer, living in longford-street, was ordered to pay 2s a week towards the support of his son, who had been sent by the magistrates to the ship CUL TUESDA.T.—Before Councillor Shaw-G-een (in the chair). DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.--JOhn Hell 7. residing at Coine's Yard, Naylor-street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly In Scotland-road on Monday night The Chief Constable said He .ry was a respectable man, and this was his first appearance. He was fined ss.

STEDNEsDAT.—Borore IKr. John Fatrelough (in the chair), awl Messrs. Geddes and Blvhalt.

- WANTED TO BE LOCKED 1:1F.-1arairet Flanagttan.iilver- street. was charged with having been drunk and disorderly In Irlasn-street at 9 10 on Tuesday nlgh.—P.C. Pennington Said he was on duty in the charge Ales of the police station cm the night in question when the prisoner came In, and asked to be locked up. She refusal to leave, and said she would break every window in Irl.m-street,or commit suicide Ii they would not admit her.—Prisone-, who now made her 19th appearance was discharged on promising to sign the temperance pledge. DRUNE ic CHAR6E OF • HORSE AND TRAP.--JONI Themes Poole,of Lynam, was fined 103 and costs for having been drunk in charge of a horse and tr,p on Warrington Bridge at 11.40 on Tuesday night.—P.O. Gibbs said prisoner refused to let an-one drive him home.and he was oblige 1 to lock him up —P.C. Fish said he cautioned prisoner about the offence at 5 3 °nth, same night, and he put his horse and trap up at the Queen's Hotel. Tuusenar —Before Mr. Geddes Oa the Chair), Mr. James Hepherd. Alderman Fairciough, and Alderman Thomas Sutton. Assiut:nun His Wing—John Hughes was charged wi,la assaulting his wife Helena Hughes on Wednesday. The parties lived at Sankey Bridges. The wife said about 12 o'clock on the day in question her husband got up out of bed and struck her a violent blow on the head. She awoke and found her head bathed in Woo 1. She had to be taken to the Infirmary where her wound was dressed. Former y in his younger days he had been in the habit of beating ker. Bet In later years he had been a good husband to her. It was only during the last few months since he had been out of work and had ill-health he had began to abase her again. She did net wish to press the case, es she thought the proc lettings as far as they had gone would be a lesion to him —The prisoner promisei he would behave himself in future if the magistrates would let It pas.. The Chairman gave him some good advice and said he would h bound over to keep the peace for six months and must pay the costs.

WARRINGTON COUNCY PETTY t•IEiSIONS.

WEDNESDIkY.-133fore Mr. S. R. Armitage (in the chair),

and Mr Joshua Ball:.

HINT. ARGING THR Otis BLACK SWAN, HOLLIN4 GRERN Mr. W J. Forshaw applied on behalf of the licensee of the Old Black Swan Hotel. Hollins Green. for permissio tto make certain alterations by enlarging the dining-room and the snug. and raising one portion of the rotf to rntke toe place more suhstantial. —Or ,n.ed. DRUNK IN CHARGE. —James Gmey was charg d with not- having proper control over shores on the sth May at Woos ton. Doaey. pleaded guilty. The omatabin's evidence Wit, the effect that the defendant at 115 on the d y In question was asleep whilst in charge of a horse on the al Inchoate:- road. The magistrates fined him 10s. RIDING 07( VIC PO IPA PlC—Vilitlf4lll tit len fo- ri lit g a bicycle oa the foApath in Heath-lane. C uft, was Suet is and costs. DRITNIC ON THIC HIG4VIA.T lidwirri Cann In ant James Daly wets charged with being drunk on the highway on the 14th M.y.—The police cons able said the defendants. about ten minutes to nine on the S durday In question were drank and hoth en the ground together swearing and struggling The Bench inflicted R fine of 5s and costs in each case. DOO AT [ARCM —Joseph Una tv irtli. 13nrtonwyod for un- lawfully allowing his dog to be at lar m on tips 11th of the present month rat Burtortwood was fined ss. THRET OP A. BICYCLE. —Edward Davies, a collier of New- ton. was charged with stealing on the lath inst a bicycle from ashen) door in Cress-lane, Rarlestown, the pronerty of William Madan, Crow-lane. Newton a compositor. William Sladen said he left the bier e at the door of his brother's shop in Perk-lane on the day in question. When he came outs little girl told him a man had taken his bicyele. He ran in the direction she pointed out. His broth-r got on his machine and followed and overtook him. He went one way and his brother went anoth.sr way. He eventn illy overtook Ithe prisoner. He was not riding the bicycle, and threw it Into a ditch. He caught hold of Davies, who endeavoured to get free, but was not violent. In his opinion it was only a drunken freak —Thomas Birkenhead. 13 yews of age, said on Monday about 4-30 p.m he saw p-isoner take the bicycle and ;go In the directio- of Crow.line. He saw him after- wards In the Pollee Station and picket him out from a num- ber of men.—P.o Rich tr I Carr, stationed at Rarlestown, geld he took the prisoner to the Police Station Davies said he hat net stolen It but gave 5s for it. He was under the influence of drink The prisoner when asked what he had to say, said he had taken it but not wilfully.—Mser considera- tion, the Belch int' 'ruled Davis that it watt e very serious thirg, b...t they had decided to take a lenient view of the ease, and the ease would be withdrawn on promising to pay the costs.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE M&GISTRATES.

ME BENCH AND THE CHIRP CONITABLE.

On Monday befori. Mr. S. Wright (in the chair), Coun- t illor James Smethurst, Councillor Shaw-Green, and Alderman Blackhurst,Thom as Mulkearns, labourer, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Platt- street on the 9th May.—This case arose out of the recent diaturhance in Platteitreetwhen a woman was seriously Injured by another woman with a poker, her assailant being committed to prison fora month. From the evi- dence of P.C. Lewis,it appeared that the defendant Mul- kearns acted in a very violent manner,and threatened to make use of a knife he had in his hand.—P.C. Corbett said he heard the defendant threaten to stab the Con- etables with the knife if they came into his house after him. A large number of witnesses were called on behalf of the defendant. —The Chief Constable said the police officers were badly treated on the night in question by the crowd. It was this class of people who bee the police in the streets, and out-swore them in the court. That was the position of affairs.—The Bench were pro- Seeding to discuss the matter prior to giving their deci- sion, when the Chief Constable interposed, and said that if the preponderance of evidence of the class he had referred to was to be taken as against that of the police, their occupation, like that of Othello's would be gone.—Couneillor Smethurst: We have a right to take evidence for the public as well as for the police. —The Chief Constable : Quite so.—Councillor Smeth- urst : There are three witnesses who spoke distinctly as to what took place, and I don't think you have a right to make such remarks in the Court.—The Chief Con- stable : I have a perfect right, as prosecutor, as your Clerk will tell you, to put the case before the Ce urt to the best of my ability, and with respect to everybody.— Councillor Smethurst : We know that. —Councillor Shaw-Green : My opinion is that the Chief Constable is most careful in weighing the evidence.—Alderman Slackhurst : Still we cannot ignore the weight of evidence.—The Chief Constable : I simply point out that this is the evidence of friends and neighbours. I would not at all say that the police are infallible, and that their evidence should always be taken as truth.—The Chair- man : The decision ot the Bench is that the defendant be lined Sc. and costs.

THEFT/ FROM WARRINGTON MARKET. On Thursday before Mr. Geddes (in the chair), Mr. ames Hepherd, Alderman James Pairclough and Alder- Thomas Sutton. Jane Mather was charged with steal- ing a pair cf stockings value Is. ld., and a girl's bonnet, value 2s. Id. from two different stalls.—rho woman pleaded guilty.—Detective Inspector Monaghan's evi- dence was to the effect that about 4 o'clock on Wednes- day he watched the woman Mather as her movements were suspicious. He saw her take a pair of stockings from the stall of Mr. Williams Mullins, and a girl's bonnet from the stall of Mr. Thomas Edward Leigh. He followed the woman up and she endeavoured to evade him by going into an entry to get rid of the article,. He took her in charge and pointed to the stolen goods under her cloak. On taking her down to the Police Station, she threw the articles into a shop. He saw the ant and secured the articles. The woman had been up four times before for drunkenness.—Alderman Sutton remarked there was so much temptation in the market it was no wonder people pilfered.—The prisoner was sent to gaol for 21 days. NEGLECT 07 CHILDREN AT Wanninciroar. At the Warrington Police Court, on Thursday. before Mr. Geddes (in the chair), Mr. James Hepherd, Alder- men James Fairclough, and Alderman Thomas Sutton, Patrick Macdonald and Mary Mannion were charged with neglecting two children. One was the 7 years old child of Mary Mannion (who is a single woman) and the other was the child of Macdonald, named Mary, eight years of age. The man and woman lived together at 7, Walsh's-yard, Old-road. Both pleaded guilty.—lnspec- tor McAteer,who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C. said on the night of the 17th inst., in consequence of a complaint received he and P.C. Clough went to the house. They found the two girls, one !aged seven and the other eight years sitting before the grate. The house was in a most filthy condition and very scantily fur- nished. The children were well nourished, but in a most neglected condition. He went upstairs where the man Macdonald and the woman Mannion were. They were in a dirty condition, and ,the woman half naked, Elbe made use of disgraceful language to him. The man however was very quiet.—P.C. Clough corroborated the Inspector's evidence—The defendants expressed their regret and said they would endeavour to do better in future.—The Chief Constable said this was the woman's 12th appearance and the man's 21st appearance.—The magistrates sent the woman Mary Manakin to prison for one month with hard labour, and the ruin Macdonald for fourteen days hard labour.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

_ FAlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Henry Roberts. Mr. J. Ilepberd, Er. Gomel', and Conncillor James Smethurst. Datarg AND DISONDERLY.—Iohn Mllhall. labourer, 19, Ernest-street, for being drunk and disorderly in Bostock- street. on Thursday. was fined 51. and tosts.—P.C. Cooper proved the case. ALLEGED ABISIULT.—Bridget Sauce, Platt-street. Bard - maned Catherine Mulkeanas f,r assault on the km May.— Mr. Longland, solicitor, appeared for Catherine Mulkearns. —The prosecutrix said on the day in question Catherine Mulkearns nuns behind her, and without saying a word knocked her down.-11. Longland called Mary Ellen Burke, of Platt-street, and other witnesses to prove that Mary Mut; kearns, daughter of the defendant,knooked Miss genes down. —The bench dismlssed the case.

STILL ANOTHER CatitcE.--George and Selina Forster, 27. Napier-street. were summoned by Inspector McAteer, N.S.P.O-C, for neglecting their children. Only the female defendant appeared.—The Inspector said in this ease, the husband had been before the bench ois three occasions, and each time the bench bad adjourned the case to giro them another chance Ne bad visited the house since the last adjournment, and found it in exactly the same condition it bad been all Mrs. Forster pleaded that her husband, who was ery never put a full week's work in. He only made tahtr a oTngalL. about a£l. during the week.—Dr. Gornall remarked that he euptohvaedrtnyo the gone said but the was f no ncee oorsextiorenm, b had visited nitaotirtslithl—heTrehe bench adjourned the case for a month to give the defendants a chance to improve the hems, VAStlaNCE.—BIlen Biirchall 4, Back Stamford-street. Bodelia Bircball, Warburton- street, for assault, and there was a cross gammons for assault in which Bodelia Birchall. summoned Ellen Birchall. It was alleged that both assaults took place on the 9th May,_ The magistrates without going fully into the evidence dis missed the case.

TO WO SI EN. Female Irregularities and Obstructions Quickly and Safely Corrected ti. a ew hours, y a new and simple ethod. partict]lars of which will be sent free on receipt of stanned3 envelope Advice Free by Letter. B w selin time. MR. L. MARTY Nt 20, Bishopsgate Without, London.

TOBACCONISTS Commenelng.—See Illustrated Guide 259 rages) 3L Tobacconists Outfitting C0..186, Buston-road, London Hairdressers fitted.—Manaier H Mynaa.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PE CCY SEIBIONi. MONDAY. —Before Messrs. Henry Reynold+ (ohAlrinan) end Walter Timmins.

Llcrersz Titassisa. —Mr. Jan-es Robinson applied for a temporary authority to sell intoxicants at the Wilson Hotel Bridge-street.—The police having no objecti-in, the app'i .A 2 tion was granted. SZLY-STYLED BARNUM AND BAILEY ACROBAT."—John Mulling, of no fixed abode, but who stated he came over from America on a cattle bOat the other week, was brought up charged with being drunk and creating a disturbanze in Runcorn-streets.—P.C. Bowyer stated th it about 6-33 on Saturday his attention was called to a large crowd of people blocking the street way. On investigating the cau,si he found the prisoner drunk and attempting to go through an acro- batic pertormance. He was passing himself off c an" acro- bat from Barnum and Bailey's." Previous to this ha had ad- vised the prisoner to go home but he would nt.—P.U. Gregory corroborated the above and added the prisoner limed very obscene language.—Prisoner said he was very sorry for what had happened. It was the first time he had ever been in Random, or in England, as he came over In an Ames lean cattle boat. He would leave the town, and promised not to commit the offence again. if the magistrates would talc lenient view of the case —The Bench inflicted a fine of sse a 8s ed costs, or 14 dais in default. BEGGING IN THE STREErs.—Thomas Scandal, a well-known character, was charged with beggiug in 141gh street, on Saturday —ln answer to the charge prisoner p'eaded not guilty.—P.C' Bowyer said on the night in question he was on duty in High-street,and SAW the prisoner stopping people. He got • Id, from one and a id. from another.—P.C. Gregory testified to knowing the prisoner, who had been knocking about the town doing nothing for about the last six years.— Prisoner was sent to jail for seven days with hard tabour. £NSAI7LT ON THE POLICE—HEAVY VlNE—James Tevnon, labourer of Weston, was brought up in custody, charged on three separate °aunts. lha first was for using ooscena long- nage In the Heath-road at Weston, last Sunday, (the 15th inst..) and the other two charges were for assaultinz P.C. A. Morris, and P.C. Gregory respectively, whilst they were In the performance of their duty at the same time and place. Prisoner pleaded not guilty to the thr -e eharzias. —P C. Gregory said that owing to information received ho went up to Weston, in plain clothes. About 8.33 he was It ‘ndlng in the vicinity of the Round House. public-house. Weston.when he saw P.C, Morris coming up the road. He also saW prisoner pick up a stone and throw it at Morris ; at the same time palsoner said • I will cut his--eye out" Morris closet with the prisoner and he went across to Morris's assistance He told prisoner he was a police constable. Prisoner fought and kicked and said he did not care if he was a policeman— he did not care for 40 policemen. The prisoner had only been at Weston about six weeks, but styled himself is the l• champion boxer" of Weston. Prisoner questioned the officer, and said to the magistrates that they had" heard only a lot of lies."—P C. Arthur Morris, stationed at Wes- ton, said at about 5.30 on Sunday night he was on duty in Heath-road. Weston, when prisoner came along the road and at once began to throw stones at him. He closed with the prisoner and P.C. Gregory came to his assistance. He had had a great deal of trouble with the prisoner who was the ringleader of a crowd of 14 or 15 Weston labourer s who gave them a great deal of annoyance, and people were com- plaining about them very mach. Ile had been obliged to come to Runcorn for assistance, and it was in c nsequence of that that Gregory came up to Weston with hi rr .—Prisoner denied the whole affair, and said it Was the police who set upois him with a couple of sticks, and one of hem ht him lso hard on the head as to make It bleed inc some time. I There was not a quieter man in all Weston than he WRS.—The : uperiutendent of Police asked that the Bench, if they found the case proved, make an example of defendant.— After a tew moments' deliberation, the Bench fined the prisoner Ss. and Is. 4d, costs for using obscene language, and lOs fine, and ss. oosts. in each of the cases of police fisaeuit (£2 Is. 4d, The money was DAR. 1111611111yanaliaMaidirodill

Wwwwwurrmemeil

===== 0002601_18980520_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Tilt EXAMINER FRIDAY, MAY 20 1898

DRUNK AND DISIRDERLY IN GTMENWAY Ro kn. —A young Man named Henry Wigne,t. wis chArgs,l by P.C. Gr lery with b-in 4 rank and disorderly in Green way-road at 11.30 on Sunday night —Thspri er ;id eiitr,ed the offanns. which was his first, and was fined 55. and 6s. 41. costs or 14 days.

CRICKET.

eIIICKMTHR4 HUSS,IY'S Demon Driver Bats are crand-!st made. HUSSEY'S Nay Math Balls retain their shape, and I'et Innsvr thAn any ogler. HUSSEY'S Leg Guirds are excep..ionally gold. HUSSEY'S Batting Gloves are far superinr tc th-ilstle ohs'. BUSSUY'S Btgs arc made to wss,". HUSSEY'S War: and Comptoton is a Gem for 6d Apply for HUSSEY'S attal nue fro n Local Spore Outfitters. or 36 and 33 Q juss Vi trit-4.-ect, London. Factories, Peckham, London : and Buniw,ll, Suff.Yk.—A4rot. 4

WARRIVGTON FIRgT RLE,RNI T. NEXT SIXTRRII --/Ftving an open dat ,sn Sat, ir Tay Warrin7ton gave the juniors an onoortnnity of displaying their abilty. The xteen had che assistance of th club profwsional. and went in firet. In "nueeqoence of the r in on Friday night, the ground was in a treacherous condition. Score : NEXT RIXTRRN. FIRST RLETTIIf, CrOMpIORh Flhby 1? S nallon lbw b Thewils... 8 Thewlis c Clarke h 13 Silcock o Hamoson b Tnewlis Bibby R Pierpoint a Hamoson b hrR Smith h Tnewlis 4 0 TI Connor a Gill o Silaock 26 Cif Unsworth c Callon h W Van,* h Thewils... 0 Bibby 1 fl Hamoson lbw h Silcock 0 G Roberts C Bowdn b T k Vokey C Whittaker . Whittaker b Blob Rowson b Smith 1 Thewl's Broughall c Callon h irbbY 0 W Hannah b Thaw lis 0 Kirkoonnell c Voisey b Bibby Plerpoint run out 4 J Uns worth b Connor 8 Walten at Harnpson b Bibby Rich,rdson C Hampson b Bihby n Dunn not, ont G 171110 Sil k b Bihhy ... 0 Extras

Total 57 Tot .1 7O Sr JA..1.9 T. WM.( ECS TEKP:M/NCIS.—At Vfllderepool 00 Saturday Root, -

~ ST ZAMMS'S. WIDNES. Bite h Yoong Petri ,lc b Young 3 8 Welling h White Rllison tom ,mt . : .. 21 finest h White T • ,ter b 1.011.0! DArlinglon h Young White h Young Soft run out borst c Hon t h Wellin .1, Newton not omit Winstlntiv eHnnlt h Young 2 A Welling h Lester 1 Spencer b Welling Flatten not out 0 Extris lO Extras

Total 101 Total ST. AiIINABUS. V. ARPLICY Exciu.stoßs —At Lovely-lane on Satu,clay. -•!coro

PXCETATORS. ST. BARNABAS. Carlisle b Wh,thker 2 Kinsey b Roberts A. Monriani b Hatton 2 Diem+ b Roberts Melroth b Hatton .... ... 0 Thnmpson a Woods b Roberti e h b Whittaker... 4 Roberts . 0 7 Moorfleld ran out 2 Whittaker b Dutton 2 Dutton run out l9 Dtniels c and b Dutton ... 12 Woods b Till Mir A ThippleY b Dutton Plinston run nut Critrhiey c Thompson b Hough run out Whittaker_ ........... ..... 0 Tillinv b Roberts ...... • 3 Wright b Daniels 3 Hatton b Dutton Duff not out Extr s

Total

Total

SA.MX WIRR MTLL9 V BIRKETTHRAD GROEIVENOII —Thle match was played on Satnri ,y at Birkenhead, and resulted in a win f,-,r the home chit) by 18 runs. for whom W. Lea batted well fu. his fleorq?,f 28 a' did also R. Cook and P. Simesen for their respective scores for the Wire Mills, Score :

RIRRENHELD iannaVENOR WIRE MILLS. Loa h Simoson 2l Woodcock b Lea Travis h Hobson R R Toles st Cook b Rvan‘ c Vision b Travis 1 Hobson V Dodd bSi rnmon... .... ..... 3 Mtvshall b Lan Ry•na o Clarke h iimpeon 2 Simpson c Martin h Lea 15 Martin h simpsoo 'mith b Sim pmn 0 H Cook b 2 _no44 2 R Cook a Travis b junco 17 . .. FS Jn-oint h trobsoß 14.3Zi‘, run out 3 Hawthorne not out Tilet.m not out 5 Kiras 1 Rxtras

Total 62

Total 49

win for tATCTIP,,RT, RTTR ST/11 v. ST. A.LBUrg.—Thill 11114 ell WWI nilrod Latchf,rd on Saturday, an,t ,e.,lltea in Latchford hr 37 runs. Gorton and Ford Timm/a 31 and 14 re"'"th el 9. Ford also took four wickets for three runs. Snore :

L &TORT ORD. ST ALDA.I(9. GroOnd b DArtono narmol h Forl A Goenn run out Ford h Lyrn. IT Gorton ck h Thrton 0 yl3r,orwano,,b 1 gouth•rn h Burns 13r4Ashnw b Darton rnnnr4dou'htlw 8 Hazlehurst 0 Darton b Burns It Gorton b Brad- Burns... - 2

Fbnith b ion ___ _ 4 Melonles b Port Hartla, b Dorton Pollard b Bmll Clarke no. out ... ........... Extra.... ........ ....... 9 Balm 7

, To'al CWYSTITIO: LIIKEI BvOINEXIS4 v; AIGBURTH.—At Mgburth on Sat.nniay. Scores i AIIIHURTri. ENGINEESI. Pe•rsOn h TAwleaa Cottier b Lawle.s King 0 Duckworth tr Drick‘rWth 0 COXOT! b 11-oiv-i M 0,71. h TAwlefill ..... ...... 0 TAwless n Ring b Grave 2 Larg,, b Gi.ave Rule b Lawle.s Ranacombe c Duckworth b Nevins b Grave 0 B-o vn n..n,.. •-• ," p.n.,- .. .. ........ is 111^Ave b Pear-on flivnn b Den'ey 0 Genclers not out 0 nintrirrla not out II .y not on'. Extras

Total for 9 wlcts.2o7 Total CIIIIVIWIRE 'AMIE§ RNOTWISKRB 2WD v. Sr. ALHANIl.—Played en linglneers irronnd on Saturday. Sam,

NSOTTS/CRIC T. ALTILITS. Lawless C Brown h Bradley 14 Owen b Robinson Holcro,t, 0 Brooks b Garry C Mannion e Lawless b Brown c Ti;nd b 'Garry 7 Brown 3 Jehn Genders ;int out 4l Garry c Lawless b Brown 0 crozier e 'lnd h Garry Massey a pnb B Newns...... 5 Newns c Crozier b Brown 0 Barton b Pinninyham 0 Finninghsm e Crozier b Johnston e Brown b Fin- Robinson ninybana Hughes o Brookes b /tin- Bradley h Robinson 2 ~inyharn Robinson h Brown Smith h Owen Extras

Totll Bl

Tot'!

14nolta V. Harrna —Played at Aetna on Saturvay. re- sulting In an easy win for the home team by 35 runs. Score : rrirror. Man Al. I (1. Ha' to h Taylor 3 Tanclv h Cohbett rlnhhett h Forste- Brnadr h Fnrst.r Burgess b Taylor 4 Taylor c an.l b Cohhett 1 av liattnn h Fo,ster 0 Cunllffe o Hopley b W Honlev b Forster ..... 2 Hatton 2 Jollies h Taylor ' 8 Kilshaw 0% h W Hatton 5 nnnley RIR out 1 Baines c Burgess b Cob - Williams b Taylor hinarlook not not 1 Banner b W F1atten......... ; Olin c Loolcett b Taylor Antrobus c W Hatton b Cobbett... ... Colton not out 0 Lockett b Cobbs:Us a Extras 6 Hztris 0

Total RpoOrTnts IlstErg (2fin Tisaig) V. TIMMY WitqLEYINS.— On tl,• sr-rmnri q the former on Senn.lay Acores t STOCITnsr ruciTE. 8Ew522 WESLUYLWS. M Unolarvi b 2 ince T 1 Parkrr run our :r 2 T-roVn h Ratcliffe 6 ) f 31s. wlirldmrnexhnsvrh Rhnllntiedlan..d. Ox W llR"tlPort it Ratcliffe 4 G Ratcliffe b Barker ...... 3 W Kt pp, et Grlmalsaw b H H Tnoe h Barker ince 2 T Ince b Barker . 4 Tlilmmeft b II ince TT allscn ,ii-t, rut T Norhury A Ratcliff. 0 3 BNB b Gibson I eanooll 1) Ratoliflo 11 Griffiths c Grlrestrivr b Gib.on Ti Irmo 2 TI Jolley h GlbsOn __

H Groom% b Rittollffe Extras

Total 29 Total P. WALKER AND SONS V. ARLEY PANlC—Played at Arley on Retnrclev. score :

BREWERY TEAM. MILEY TRIM. 3 AO," c Smith b irelAnd 0 R treland h 8a11.7 ...... 7 J Palley c Dr Love b 3 V Smith b Tn(l4 IP•oland ill Allen h Treland N 7 A•h•on a Crispin Iv fl, Orton c Alter bT Allen 3 qmilli T Allen rim ont 'll J ()hen o Todd b T Allen 1 A Avlliv, h treisnd 0 B Charlton b J Tilling ... 3 i'lli 11,noke b Troltuld 1 BR Orlinin run out T Todd h Trelanti 3' Tilling h Rhsrlton ......... 20 W Msesarn b Tilling I Collini b Smith W Johnsen not out Fxtras sl. 'Mitres 3

Total

Total 35

P. WALKER AND [PnlfB 2-ND—:PRIDSEPPM 2:PD.—Played at Warrington on Saturday. score :

' BREWERY. M Glennon o Rogers b G A Tudor o Lloyd b Ashworth J Tumkineon rim nut 1 H Forster b Lloyd J Tln d o Illidge b Ash- T Rogers lbw b Lloyd l3 worth J Bomber h Tlogers 2 Ohariesworth at Hall b J Seed nt out J Gregory b Ashworth F 1-Tall b Ashworth 0 Entwistle b Lloyd ..... .... 0 _

R Knight h goters 1 s±!.3.7rOriii ..... 2

I Hennessey to Ashworth ... 0 Illidgeb-Llayd i Murray b Rogers 1 Dodger run out Wright b Rogers 0 Dutton dot out 0 Ultras ....... 4 Rxtras 1

Ttal

Total

r WoRKINGMEN'S MISSION v. IRLAM C. W.S. c.c.—This match was played in splendid weather, at Irlam, Saturday !last before a fair number of spectators and after a very excit- ng encounter resulted in a win for the homesters. MANI. MISSION. A Bell b Pirle J Eve o Williams b Pirle... 12 Williams o Keurs b Bell 7 W Etchells c Bote b Pine 3 Bate run out 5 W Shaw c Hassan b Pine... 12 Harding a Shaw b Daniels 14 W Harrison b Williams...... 4 Pine b Daniels 1 J Brooks ran out 8 Hassall o and b Etchells 6 S Kours cs Bate b Pine 7 Tilling A c Daniels b Bell 0 D Strover b Fide J Daniels c Dale b Harding 2 Hough b Bell 8 Joseph Daniels not out.-- 2 Baguley b Etchelle. I Eliot et Edwards b Price 0 Beaman not out 0 'tsar., 1 Extras -- -

Total

Total. ..... 53

WORI/NOMRN.R MISSION C.C. 2ND XT. v. ST. PAUL'S ONO/R 2Din XT.—Play.( on the ground of the former at Arp,ev on Saturday. Williams for the homesters bowled exceedingly well he bringing 6 wickets for 2 runs in The first Innings. and 5 wickets for six runs in the second innings. Score :

.........., .- 111 T TNNING9. Sr. PAIJI.S• 2X D INNINGS. TroW C COX h Dunn 0 b Williams Hornsby b Williams 0 b Dunn ....... ........ ... ......... 0 Dawson b Dunn 2 c and b Williams O'Brien b Williams Whitfield is Williams 1 c Dunn b Williams Parks b Williams P Gardiner c Plant b C Dunn b Williams Dunn Smith b Williams Swift b Dunn 0 b Williams Martin b Williams 11. Gardner not out Extras

Total WORKINGMEN'S MISSION. Looker b Whitfield Strange obstructing the Ileld lO Dunn b Whitfield I 4 Cook n Dawson c Trow 5 Clare c Dawson b Trow 1 Baker b Trow 0 Cox b Trow 2 Williams o Swift b Dawson 6 Plant o Parks b Dawson Roasitter run out Oakley not out Extras

Total

CiRLPPENHALL V. SANKEY WEEILEYANS.—PIAyed at Grap- nenhall on Saturday. and resulted in an eafy victory for the home team, for whom Warburton and Fenton bowled splen- didly, the former taking five wickets for seven runs, and the latter two for four. Score:—

SANKEY WESLEYANS. GRAPPENILALL. Jones a H Carter b Vir Ellis b CotteriP 1 Ca ter ......... ............ ... 0 James Burrows a Booth b Clare a Jenkins 13 Warbar- Cotterill 6 ton 2 Fenton a Gosling b Watklns 8 Taylor b Warburton 6 Brierley a Watkins b Goo- Booth a Jenkins b War- ling 5 burton . ....................... 0 Warburton lbw b Gosling 6 G Morrell et Milan b Kaye-Lister b Watkins Fenton ........................ 3 Woods b Cotterill Watkins b Warburton Bennett run out ............... 0 Jenkins a Taylor b Cotterill a Woods b War- Watkins burton ........................ 3 Ash3ll °and b Taylor 9 Pemberton run out 1 H Carter not out Whitehouse e Warburton Ib Fenton ..................... 0 Gosling not out ............... 1 lExtras ............... 1 Extrar

Total l6 Total Sy. ELPHIN'it v. PIDGATE —This match Will Plnyod on the ground of the latter on Saturday and resulted in a win for the Saints by 21 runs. Riley hatted exceedingly well for his runs. Score : PADOLTIS. ST. ELTHIN'tI. Walker b Whitham 5 Whittaker b Dawson 2 Howard b T Barnes Hutchins b Whitham 6 T Barnes b Dawson n Moks b Whl tkam _ _ 0 Whitham b Dawson... 0

Taylor b Widthano Turner run oat 1 Monks Grounds b Whitlism Boyd b Whitham 0 Lodge lbw ta Monks 3 Granger not out 4 Robson o Boyd b Monks 3 Thornton a and b Riley 0 Norman run out Dawson b Riley •.. 0 3 Barnes b Monks Westgarth (sub) not out 3 Extras 0 Extras

Total 3O

Total

LATCHFORD BAPTIST V. PADOATE (SECOND ELEVEN)._ Played at Latchford on Saturday, and resulted in an easy win for the home team by 50 runs and three wickets For Latchford Wilkinson took six wickets for twelve runs and 3 Hallam four wickets for five runs. Score :

BAPTISTS. PADG ATE. Wilkinson b Smith W Hallam b Dilworth .7 Hallam b Howard Albinson b Smith Buckley not out l7 Howard b Hallaro 0 Hunt a Layering b Smith 18 Dakin b Hallam 7 ITnlWOrth h Dilworth... 1 Smith b Wilkinson 3 Knight b Dilworth ..... .... 2 Warren b Wilkinson Ford not out. D Knight and S Unsworth Smith b Hallam did net bat. Bowering lbw b Hallam 0 Parsonage not out 0 Berms 7 Extras

Total (for 7 wkts) 70 Total 2O ARPLEz 2in xt. v. PENEETH Scwoor. 2ND XL—Played an Saturday. The School batted first, their innings totalling 20. Arpley followed with 34. As the two innings were finished by 4.30., it was decided a second innings should b-, played. The School's second attempt only reached 16. Wiling and Bibby scerel the runs needed for Arpley in the last minute. " Roberts took 13 wickets for 26, Jewkes 3 for 3, and Dykes 3 " for 0 runs for Arpley. Scores : - scanot, IST INNINGS eCiIoOL, 2NO INNINGS. ' Houghton b Roberts Duke b Jewkes Carter b Roberts Thompson h Roberts Grundy b Jewkes Rnglish b Roberts Barker b Roberts 1 b Dykes Wari run out Smiley b Jewkes...... ....... ... 0 b Roberts 0 Leaver b Roberts 0 b Roberts Baxter not out 0 h Roberts 0 Bxtrns

Total Arpley Innings. lim. 2ND. Hughes b Houghton 7 Bibby b Houghton 4 not out 3 Dykes o Carter b Hough- . ton Sykes b Houghton 0 Brown b Houghton Jewkes run out Pidduch b Houghton Barnes e Carter b Thomp- son... 5 Roberts o Carter b Thomp- son Owen b Carter 0 Of Bing not out 0 not out 2

Total

Total 5

WIDNES WHITE ROSH v. RONCOBN.—PIayed at Widnes on Saturday, on a good wicket, and before a large attendance. Winning the toss Runcorn put their opponents to face the bowling of Burrows and Jeacook. So capable did these trundiers prove that In a very short time the whole of the Whines team were deapatehed for 28. Following up their success 'Runcorn batted with the confidence or victory and at the end had compiled a well-earned 52. Cross for his n batted in fine style. The following are the scores : .______

WIDNFCII. RUNCORN. Nestor a Bowles b Burrows 0 Heath at Wither b Smith 6 Bendy run out Wilcock b Burrow. 5 Bean b Smith Sadler o Sutton h Burrows 0 Jesnock b Smith 3 Martindale a Heath b °rose o 3 Barber b T Jeaooolc H Smith o Bean b Jeseock 8 Burrows o T Barber b Hart not out 6 Smith J Barber o Bowles b Jobrison b T Barber 5 Burrows 0 Bowles c Smith b Martin- Andemn b Jeacoolc T Barber run out 0 Ehittou not out 0 Bailey b Jeacoek 0 Brennan e Sadler b T Berber 0 Littler b T Barber Extras 1 Extras

Total 2B

Total

110Neoav 2vis ELEVEN V. Medea WRITE Boss. 2ao. This match came off at Runcorn on Saturday, the home team havi g but an inferior eleven in the Reid, Runcorn were easily defeated toe scoree being : RUNCORN. WHITE ROBE. Wright 0 Bagaerldge b Robinson b Burrows Barber Hulse b Devonport 2 Davenport lbw b Booth— 4 Howard run •nut • 0 Owen e and b Williams... 13 Green .0 Robinson b Biggs rua out 4 Barber 2 Abrams b Pyis Leathwood lbw b Devon- Bailey a Booth b Wright 11 po-.t 1 Baggeridge not out rye 0 and b Davenport 2 Barber a Howard b Burrows e Biggs b Barber 13 Wright 2 Price e and b Barber 2 Furber b Wright Williams not out Worrell b Barber 1 Booth e Abrams b Barber 0 BEtras

Total EtTNCORN PARISH CHIJRCH V. WARRINGTON ST. ANN'S.— At Runcorn on Saturday. Score : AT. ANN'S, RUNCORN PARISH CHURCS. Downie c Booth b Gayter... 0 Hone c Poole l4 Spencer b Bell Stanley b Gayter 0 Gayter run out 5 A Poole St Bradley b Booth b Bennett ..... Gayter l7 Wilkinson b Bennett 0 Yates b Gayter 1 Walker b Bennett Baker b Gayter Bennett b Bell 1 Hamilton b Poole 0 3 Poole b Gayter 1 Grooms b Bennett 0 Glover not out 3 Hilton b Poole 0 Morris b Gayter Addison b Gayter 5 Extras 1 Extras

Total 32

Total

ih yEWSABI T" METAL POLISH.- SPBOIALITIBS (PILLAR BRAND) SPECIALITIES, Paints, Varniabes, Enamels, Straw Hat Polish, Varnish Stains, Gold paint, Furniture and Boot Creams—from all dealers. Agents : MCLEAN & CO., 13, Seel-street. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNUORN POLICE COMIC.

TUESDAY. —Before Messrs. F. J Norman and *?. Timmins A Row IN VIC tit-STRg&T —'4icha,ll Morris and John Gib In, both farm labou-era of Sutton, were brought 11.3 in au itody charged with using obscene language In V,car-street, on ',loniay night. cud also charged with assaultin , a man named Thomas Harr'son.—P.C. Bowyer said about 4-30 on Monday afternoon he was called to Farrell's lodging house in I Vicar-streat There he found the prisoners under 'he infln- ence of d:ink. They used v'sra, bad la iguage to the wife of Harrison. He found the witness Harrison bleeding from several parts of his body. When in the street they caused a great erowd to collect and the constable who had been obliged to eject them from the lo Iging house found it necessar 7to lock them up.—Thomas Harrison. Ihsensel hawker said he lodged in Farreq's lodging house. Vicar-ssreet. On Monday night the two men Cams in. and made a great deal of bother, dragged him from the sofa upon which he had been ideeof rag. and Gibbin stamped up sn his face He (witness) had had some drink, but said nothing to the men to cause them to es- sault him.—Henrietta Harrison. wife of the last witness, eorroborated and added that the men used the bad language toWarls her. They dragged h-r husband off the sofa and assaulted him stamping on his face, and he had his arm cut with a knife. Gibbin was the wort. of the two, but Morris also took part in the a isault. —Both prisoners pleaded guilty to both ,harges.—The Bench fined NI wris 5s and 5s 8d costs on the first charge. and? days imprisonment on the second. Gibbin received a like sentence, with the a idition of hard labour, as the magistrates considered he had been most brnual. . . . .

DRUNK AND DISORDNRLY —Edward Finn pleaded not guilty to a charge of being drunk and disorderly in Vicar- street. on Monday evening. He said he was druntc, but not disorderly, and he was net in Vicar-street at all —P.C. 'a Bowen and Ho Ter proved the case —F.O Bowyer said he knew Edward Finn u a bad charalter hailinz, from Chester. He assistel P.C. Bowen with the prisoner who was drunk and using very bad language. They had to eject him out of another public-house earlier in the evening.—Prisoner said he was not in the habit of using bad lan nage. He pleaded guilty to having a little drink. If the magistrates would Im- pose a small fine he would endea our to pay it, aid at the same time promise to reform. He had half a ton of water- cress in the railway station, and if the Bench sent him to prison it would all spotl.—The magistrates : You are a very bad lot—Prisoner: lam sure I have never been up before for the last 2 years. The Chairman : You have been many times convieted, and will be fined ss. and ss. ad. costs, or 7 days in default.

;;Livg LoIFER."—John Murphy, describing Film- set( as a loafer, was charged by P.C. Gregory w th begging la Church-stneet, Runcorn, on the previous day.—Prisonev admitted the offence.—The Chairman : What occupation do you follow? —Prisoner • "Loafer." —The Chairman : tlawkin, did you say. where is your licence T.—Prisoner No Sir, I said " nothing " (laughter).—Prisoner was o immitted to Knutsford for seven days. AN UNIMENSED PEDLAR.—John Mlrrall. Of no ad iresa, was charged with hawking without a license in Church st The prisoner admitted the offeace and was fined 5s and 5s 4d. costs, or 7 days. A BEGGDTG NUIRANCE.—For begging in Church-street. 00 Monany night, Thomas Quinn, was sentenc•ed to 7 days imprisonment with rani labour, without the option of a fine. P.C. Gregory proved the case.

WEDNESDAY.—Before .48ssrs. F. J. Norami And W. Timmins. .

DRUNK AND DISORDSRLEY —lidwin Price. charged with being drunk and disorderly in Church-street on Tuesday night was fined 53 and Rs 4d casts or 14 clays in default. - PC. Bowyer proved the Cafe. Prisoner was In tkin4 a great noise in the street and wanted to fight with 1113 tri Ll' er.--tn answer to the Bench prisoner said he did not remeo3ber any thing about it.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A "PICTURE TR HEALTH "

GLLDMINS all beholders ; yet the common,st of every- day ailments will rob you of the gr-atest ~)1 all charms —the clear, bright complexion of perfect health which all may retain by the occasional use of the pleasant laxa- tive and purifying family medicine now 50 wit:l7 known as California Syrup of Figs—Nature's pleasant laxative. A delicious extract of the laest ripe figs, with an ex- cellent combination of plants whose properties are medi- cinally laxative avid act mo:t benafin ally. WMlst tieing most pleasant to the palate, ita ac.i in is na" I and genie hut pr moot an I unfailing. It acs in harmony wirh Nature, drawing r.ho system aid th, n enrsi functions of liver, kidneys, and b.ivrels, witiamt anc of the uncomfortable gripMg aid we•ke • ff9rlLi so known to those in the habit of t ilung or :tin try pill: and purga,ives California S7rup of F:gs kems the spree.) regular.ao I is a p isitivele reliableonl at the same time the most agreeable, reran I y for constipation, Augrish liver,bilioasnes., indigestion, headache, feverishness, de- pression, loss of appttit,.,aold all other complaints ariiing from a disordered condition of the liver and stomach, Pvectily reetorinT health, apnotit4, energy, and good spirits. Its effects are permanent. A. baon to delicate ladies ;a treat to children. Of all chemists, in bottles, of two szs, la. 11. 'A 24. 91. Simoly asking for " Syrnn of Figs 'won't 1, you must ask for " Cali- fornia Syrup of Rigs," and see that you get it. EverV package of the genuine bars the name and trade mark of the California Fig Syrup Co., 32, Snow Hill, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON TREI FIEA.I.TII OF WA.RRINGTON. Durinz the week the following births and dettlis were registered : Warrington Registration District 27

Births. Deaths.

Th., excess of births over deaths was 6. Birn Rate 22.3 per 1,000 of the population. The death-rate from all ca.19f41 vas equ4l Co 17.3 pr 1,000, against 173 the average of the previous four weeks, and aglinat 23.5 the corresponding period of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zvinotic diseases was equal to 3.3 per 1,000, against 96 the average rate of the previoui four weeks, and against Nil the coeresponding period or 1897. The aces of mortality were- -o—l 1-5 5-15 15-25 23-65 65 up. 5 8 0 1 7 0 21 The deaths included-3 from whoopin cough, 1 from diarrhces, 6 from lung diseases,l from injuries, 10 from all other causes.

Tee following casea of ;rifectinns disease have been repined during the week :—Nil. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending 7th May-2. METBOROLOGY.—ThA mean tempera:me was 49 Fah., and therefore a degree higher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 83F. was recnrded on the 3rd lost., and the minimum temparature 33 F. on the 2nd inst. The rainfall mea,ured .331 n. The general direction was B.E , the reading of the aneinlm,,ter denoting. 760 mile.. JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON CORN MARKET. There was a fair quantity offering at the War- rington Corn Market on Wednesday. New wheat ( white) fetched 7s. to 7s. 2d. (701 b. to the bushel) ; red wheat 63.91. to 7s. ; new oats, 33. to 3s. 2d. Flour best seconds, per 2401 b , 378. to 40,. Bran, Is. 10. to Is. 20. per 201 b. Sr.PETER'S SUNDAY SCHOOL. The anniversary services in connection with St Peter's were held on Sunday, and wens very sue- ces'lfuli large congregations attending. The preachers were the Rev. Canon Penrhyn, rector of Winwick, and the Rev. .1. J. Langharn.vicar of Pad- gate. On the previous afternoon a filwer service was held, and on this occasion the puloit was occupied by the Rev. F. C. Shirtcliff, whose die. course was listened to with deep interest. An offertory was taken at each service in aid of the Sunday school funds. ANCIENT ORDRR OP FORRESTI4/18. On Saturday evening a successful meeting of Court Mersey 210, (Warrington district), was held, -when a good attendance of members assembled under the presidency of Bro J. 11. Roscoe, CR. AS an encouragement to members to assist in augment- inZ the membership of the Order, an award is annually made to that member who succeeds in in- ducing the largest numbers of young men to join. Bro. Thomas Smith has secured the honour two years in succession, and he Was again conspicuous 00 Saturday evening in bringing six members to the fore. Altogether nine new members were ini- tiated by Bro. George Mayburv, P.D.C.R. WARRINGTON AND BANE QUAY SAILING CLUB The above club has been re-established with the intention of having a series of races each year tor any local boats, the owners being members of the club The first race is to be held on Whit Monday afternoon. May 30th, the course being from Monks, Hall and Company's Quay, round a buoy moored near Walton Arches, and back to starting point. The following officers have been elected :—Commo- dore, IT. Warburton, jour. ; vice-commodore, H. Burthem ; hon. secretary, R. Burthem ; hon. treasurer, E. (310 ave ; Committee, Messrs. IL War- burten, sent., Fair Turner, J. Whitfield, J. Green, and .1. Leigh. LRCM-STREET PRINEITIVE METHODIST SIINDA.T

===== 0002601_18980520_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FCHOOL.

_ I The anniversary sermons in connection with the above place were held on Sunday. Sermons were preached morning and evening by Mr. ff. Fowler of Liverpool, and in the afternoon the Rev. J. Taylor ot Liverpool gave an i.ddress which was greatly sp. precinted by the congregation. During thA day p.cial hymns and anthems were sung by the choir and children of the Sunday School. Special praise should be given to Mr. A. Spruce (choir mavter) for the way in which he trained the children in singing the hymns, and also to Mr. Frederick Podmnre (or- ganist) for the creditable way in which he offic'ated at the organ. There was a very good attendance during the day, and the collections in aid of the Sunday School were much in excess of lest year's total.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

ROUSH OF LORDS.-MONDAY.

Trt the House of Lords on Monday the Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners) Bill was read a second time. on the motion of the Marquis of LOvDoNDERRY. Viscount SID- HoiTra asked whether, in view of Natal's offer to supply coal for the use of the navy, it was intended to take any steps to render tne harbour of Durban readily accessible to Her Majesty's ships. Lord Hointrous, in r-piy, said the harbour I had already been made accessible to ships drawing no more than 17 feet. but as the bar was a shifting one it would be in- advisable to spend large sums of money on increasing the draught over the bit:. The Government, therefore, did not think lt advisable to convert Port Durban into an Imperial coaling station. HOUSE OF COMMONS.—MONDaY. In the House of Commons on Monday Mr. ARCROFT asked whether the statement attribute i to Count Muravieff, that it was England alone that made difficulties and stood in the way of Russia, and that n other Government had ques- tioned him officially on the subject or seemed to resent in any degree the pr: posed action of Russia in China, was correct. Mr. OURZoR replied that the Government were, of course, not in a position to know what csnamunications had or had not passed between the Russian and other Governments.—Asked by Mr. Heiderick if French troops were still in occupation of posts within the area of the British West African Protectorate declared and announced to France on January 1, 1895, Mr Curson said he must remind the hon. member that he had more than once stated that while negotiations were pending he could not undertake to make any statement upon the matters in dispute.—Mr. Yerburgh asked whether it could be arranget that the Foreign Office vote •hould. be taken on the first Friday after the Whitsuntide r .cess. —Mr. BALFOUR replied that it was neither easy nor expedient to I lallocate pa, ticular Fridays much more than a week before- hand. He understood that Mr. Yerburgh and Sir C. Dilke had questions on the same subject, tmt, they were not in agreement with the topics they wished to discuss. Mr. Terburgh desired to deal with the policy of the Government lin China, while Sir C Mike desired to consider their general foreign poiicsy.—Sir W. Harcourt said what be Ilthought the House and the country would desire to discuss was the Birmingham foreign policy, Mr. A. W. Seamel, the new Liberal member for South Norfolk, took the oath and I his seat in succession to Mr. F. Taylor, resigned. The House afterwards went into Committee on the Local Government (Ire:end) Bill, Clause 33 was passed without further discussion. On clause 34, which relates to the agri- cultural grant. Mr. STRACHEY proposed that the grant should be limited to a period of five years. —Mr. G. BILYoUR said that when the Government proposed to allot £l5O GOO to Ireland as a set-off against the money given to England by the Act of 1396 they were proposing an equivalent grant. What they were now proposing was identity of treatment. As the agricultural grant and the new system of local govern- ment essentially held together, they could net upset one. without upsetting the other, and the Government were not prepared to make a revolution in Ireland to be reconsidered in five years.—Two Conservative members,Mr. G. WHITELEY and Mr. Csisszu.s, supported the amendment, which was however, rejected by 258 votes to 157. On the motion that the clause stand part of the Bill a division was taken, aud the motion was carried hy 243 votes to 63. HOUSE OF LORDS,—TUESDA.Y. In the House of Lords on Tuesday. Lord Kt vs MILEY asked the Government what were their intentions with regard to the occupation of Wel-Hal-Wei. He discussed, in doing so. the Far Eastern policy of the Government, with special reference to Mr. Chamberlain's speech. Unless some con- siderable strategical advantage was to be gained, the occupa• Den of this port would be, he said, a great burden. With reference to Mr. Chamberlain's allusion to the question of a European alliance on the part of this country, he asked 'whether the moment had arrived when so great a change from our p 0 icy was to brought into effect, and he also asked I himself- could it be that the Government was so far advanced lin that direction that ere long we might hear of the contain- /ton of some great alliance with a powerful European nation The time might not be far distant when an actual alliance might be concluded, and no possible step could be taken more ikely to prevent the conclusion of such an alliance than to make such statements as he had made, audit was from that ' point of view that he complained bitterly of such statements being made.—Lord SALIsI3-MT. in reply. declined to enter Into any discussion upon bin Chamberlain's speech, as he had not isad notice, and had not a copy of the speech with him. One of the defeuces of the occupation of Wei-Hal-Wei, he went on to say, was that it had a tendency to strengthen China against despair, and give her courage, if the occasion ever arose, to stand up against danger. There was a survey Made some years ago by the Admiralty, from which It would be clearly seen that the port was a very valuable station. It was situated in the midst of a region rapidly growing in importanee. and commercially likely to increase, which could not be served by a station so far away as Hong Kong. As to the Government's general policy, they wished to see the Chinese Empire maintained and its government reformed, and the building up of a splendid industrial and commercial structure.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.—TuEsnAy. In the House of Commons on Tuesday Mr. LI /LLCM asked If the British Commandant at Candle had allowed the Turkh Is regular troops to advanoe and occupy positions hitherto outside the cordon whether the Bashi-Bazauks were allowed to pass freely through the Turkish lines, whether reeently they cut down the olives beloaging to a Christian village ne Sr the British post of Anopolls, whether the servant of an anglish traveller was recently arrested by the Turks in Omni and. thrown Into a loathsome dungeon, and whether Colonel Chermaide, on being appealed to. refused to interfere, saying that he was there to co-operate with the Turks. Lord G. HAMILTON stated that the allegation contained In the question had not been brought to the notice of the Govern' meat. An arrangement had recently been made with the consent of both parties for the extension of the cordon outside Candi& and for the occupation of salient points by British troops In advance of the Turkish regulars, the Bashi- Batbuks being withdrawn to Candi& Colonel Oheemside had, however. informed the Christians that if this experiment did not succeed he would revert to the former systera. —ln reply to Mr. J. B. Bilis, Sir M. Elicxa-BNICH said £798.802 had been al,eanced to the Egyptian Treasury, and was still owing on the 31st of March last. The Egyptian Government agreed to pay 'rf per cent interest, but none had yet been paid. As to the futnre, he expected to have to make a proposal to the House on the subject. Mr. ASOttoFT asked whether the Government intended to make any statement in respect to the speech made by Mr. Chamber- lain last Friday. Mr. BALFOUR replied that they did not. The House af t-rwards went into Committee on the Lace Government (Ireland) Bill. Clauses 35 and 38 were, after a brief discussion, adde ito the bill. Oa clause 37, which pro- vides that the poor rate shall be made upon the occupier and not the landlord. Mr. M'KeNeu moved to qualify this by adding—. but the occupier of a hereditament shall be entitled to deduct from his rent an amount la the £ equal to one-half of the poor rate and county cess in the standard financial year." Mr. Dxtree moved that the proposal of the bill levy- ing a poor rate on the occupier alone should not apply in may city or borough. The amendment was, after a brief discus- sion, withdrawn. Clause 40 load been added to the bill when the hour for the adjournment of the debate arrived.

HOUSB OF COMMOII7.—WEI,NEBDAY. In the House of Commons on Wednesday the Mersey Docks and Harbour Boa,l (New Works) Bill was read• third time. Mr. WARR informing Mr Field that the Door Board had given instructions to thfir engineer to prcizesd with the promised improvements. Leave was given tO bring in a bill to eontirrn po.wisional orders of the L3cal Government Board relating to Riackyoll.—.t division of Mr. Balfour's motion th it the House should not it to-day (Ascension Day) resulted in its being carried by a majority of 139—The House then went iota Committee on the Irish Local Government Bill, and after some discussion clause]. was added te the bill. On clause 42, re'atinir to the payment of the proc 'ads of the local taxation (Ireland) account. Mr IC HEALY moved to leave out the first subsection for the pur- pose or raising the question that Ireland was not fairly treated by the proposed cintributious. Sir M. ificita-Brescet remarked that no matter how much money was vosed tG Ireland la seemed imposdble to satlsfy the Irish demand. Mr. He ily's amendment was "negatived by a m ijority of 103. The clause was still under consideration when progress we, reported. The Canals Protection (London) Bill and the. Societies (Borrowing Powers) Bill were rea i a second time.

SOMETHING' FOE NOTHING —I can't help appreciating the very confident maisner in which th proprietors of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa are auvsrtising. 83 certain is the management that Vi-Cocoa is the best of good good/ that they are putting down some thousands of pounds lin advertising free samples of their product. So if yott I want to see if Vis Cocoa suits you, and is as goad as /article as it k claimed to Fri, all you have to dos is , drop a postcarl to the offioes. 80. 81, and $2, Dunhill Row, London, E C., ark, in return" free, gratis, and all i for nothing," you will receive ner post in due course, la dainty little sample tin of Dr. Tirgolse Ti-Cocoa, amply suffilient to make a couple of good 'breakfast cups of this capital breakfast bevera^e. Oi there 14 Put one little thin? I omitted to tell you arid that is. when wris• ing you must mention the na-no of the WarringtotS "Examiner " as a guarantee -if P.-o'h. Sorely,. two big cops or Dr. Tibbles' Vi-0)0,14 aoa dirt cheap at the cost of a postcard, so take my advice and midi's.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
&,,,,,,-.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL-CRUROFIF,S.

COORHEDGE MISSION. The anniversary services of the above mission "ma held on S mday laar, My 15th, when the Rev. Jarnell Hoyle Tomlinson, of M imch.ster, prelehel both erns, noon and evening to Isrge c-irriregatilns,his Macnorse4 being listeaed to with great attention. The sermon ill the afternoon was based noon the words it us ge forth therefore tint) him Wthnut the c tmp, bearing hi reproach," Fleb. xiii. 13, and the evening discours* wh:ch was deliverel with great earrvstne,s and p3wora was taken from the text, " Eicape for thy !if'," Gen, xix. 17. The pre tcher exherted hi+ hearers to 1.6 from the wratts to cime. Trio choir rendered the them," Hearken unts me," and" The radiant morn hal passed away," in a very creditable manner. Mr. Twill and Miss Senior sang the solos with taste.

ANNUAL MEETING OF TER W.F.C.— THE NOMINATIONS. The following is the list of nominations for committee, &c, of the Warrington Football Club, which will be subrnmitted at the annual meeting ot the club, on Wednesday evening :—President, Councillor John Evan ; captain first team, J. T. Bate; sub-captain, D Isherwood .and F. Itoores captain A team, F. HAesom touch judge first teas J. Hackett and T. Barnes ; touch judge A team, J. W. Evans and F. Starkey: hon. secretary, J. E. Warren •, boa treasurer, T. Pemberton ; hon audit ore T. Virallingtou and W. Webster; committee, W. Hill, J. T. Thornilev, If. Ashton, G. Smith, W. Hewitt, W. Dillon, T. Bowers (these, with Councill- or Evans form the present committee), W. Nevin, S. Jeffrey, and E. Gilbert.

For NAM ii BROOCHES. solid silver name brooohes 10d. any name (Government stamned. Presents or Articles for yourself. you may visit OSBERT'S. 10, CHURCH-ST HE RT. LIVIIRPOOL. where you enn yet hundreds of articles snob as Vretobea. Clooks,Jewellery, Bilectro-Plate. Cut ery, Pursed. Pocket Knives, etc.. at wholesale prices. See advertisement 'lllustrated Chronorraph Wateh, 6s. lid., etc.) on page lof tali Paper.— Sdyt.

MARRIAGE AT THE PARISE( CHURCH.--.. On Saturday the marriage of Mr. Henry Roberts, only son of Mr. W. W.Roberts, the foreman of the wheelrights' department at Mr. R. A. Naylor', timber works, Howley, to Miss Jones, of Market Drayton, was solemnized at the Parish Church, is the presence of a large number of friends of the contracting parties. The bride was attended by her sisters, the Aliases Jones, as brideraaids, whilst her brother. Mr. Joseph Jones, acted as best mazt., The Rey. F. White (curate) was the officiating clergyman, Mr. John Naylor on behalf of the workmen employed at Howley Milk, has pressnted Mr. Roberts with a beantiful timepiece, supplied by Mr. J. Nichol, of Buttermaket-street, and • toilet set, supplied by Mr. Richard Bailey, et Market-street. In doing so Mr. Naylor in a humor., ous address wished Mr. Roberts much happineg• during his married life. Mr. Roberts IsuitablY returned thanks.

NOW RAPID CYCLES.—GARLIarb, 51, Brlclee-stripeA, nWarrington.

PREMIER CYCLES, special terms.—GARLAND. Agent Warrington. ALLEGED SERIOUS ASSAULT ON A COUNTY COUTVE

BAILIFF.

Michael and Margaret Knight, of Legh-street, Rarlestown,were charged at the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wednesday with assaulting Walter Newton, a Warrington bailiff, on the 1301 May, at Earlestown. Mr. Browne appeared for the Prosecutor (a bailiff of the Warrington Count/ Court), and said his client's head was seriously ifl lured and he was lying in bed, and would not be tit to come out of the house for a week at least. Mt. Newton had a warrant against the defendants, and had a number of times tried to apprehend then!. Oa Friday week the female defendant threatened that" she would do for him" On that day prosecn• - tor was arresting the male prisoner, when his wife came rushing at him, with the result that Newtons had a rib broken and was otherwise seriously in' jored. As the assault was so serious he would applY for the charge to be altered to "doing grievotal bodily harm."—Dr. Bowden said he had attended Mr. Newton. He had two broken ribs, and wag sitting blood, He was not fit to appear in court. and he would not be able to follow his occupatiog for a month.—The case was remanded to the Ws" rington Occasional Court, to be held on 'needs,' neat.

Europe derived It name from th c kniguage. tIJ original word signifying " broad face of the earth Professor Belsly says that white snots on the if represent if In the nutrition of the body. These 1100 will always be found in cases of fever. Thev are eViderlc. that for some reason nature hss not done her duty in banding up the nails. The nalls,we are told are really a record of the life history, just as the hair is livery hair, according to the Professor. is Irregular in ontline, d' weak Place here, aif there, represents the loss of a rns,al. or a ol,rht's slemoiessoess!. If a man has had a fever it is (we are invite to believo, written in his hair as well as up )rt his linger-nails.

- - - When Raking for Cocoa, insist on haying OLDBURY'S,' übstr only in Packets and Tine es other Cao,q are often toted for the sake of extra profit .---Advt (I)

===== 0002601_18980520_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(Registered Copyt

===== 0002601_18980520_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLD ALL ovals TEE woman.

MADAM DU VAL'S LAVENDER PiusL FOE LADIES. SPRITOY, SNFIT tom cnitTAltc. Ix BOXES 2m. 91. and 4s. 6.1. Poet tree. Secretly packed from M tIFIR DTT PAD. .1. ST. MARY'S 0 AM 3,, ICS, ST. MARY AXE. lAZDON,

EPPS'S ConollNE.—Cocoa-Nib Extract. (Tea-like).—Tbe choicest roasted nibs (broken up beans) of the natural Coooa on being subjected to powerful hydraulic pressure, give forth their excess of oil, leaving for use a finely flavoured Powder—" Cocoaine," a product which, when prepared with boiling water, has the consistence of tea, of which it i 3 now. with many, beneficially taking the place. Its active princi- ple being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system. Sold only in labelled tins. If unaste to obtain it of your tradtsman,a tin will be sent post free for 9 stamps.—James Bp pa and Co. nomceopatilie Chemists, London.—Advt.

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE Is positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not berm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed! in every cane however long standing, THOIISANDEI OF GEMITIJINE TESTIMONIer.e. 2s. 9d. ; poet free 3d. extra. To be had only 0. DEAN. MEDICAL HERBALIST, 113. Cray's Jun /toad, London.W 0

CYCLES I CYCLES For Ladies and Gentleme' n "ROYAL AJAX are finest value Carriage Paid.3o per cent lhenper then elsewhere. tmniense Stook. New find leeondhand. Easy terms. Prom Hs Monthly. OLD MACHINES EXCHANGED. 898IlL _ Po3t Prea. Large Cycle- Ilidin4 50n0.31 Tll- 21S{ YCLU MAN UFACTURING CO.. 45, EVERTON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. City Branch 2 30, ELLIOTT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. de 113 Anfiela.

/4 '''.l4ll, • IF/14) , 81 Ilustrated ‘lll MUNI.

i'elep—how

===== 0002601_18980520_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL P 110BLEMS.

THE LEND FOR, THE PEOPLE,

FINAL ARTICLE. By JOSEPH HYDER, GENERAL SECRETARY to the

Land Nationalisation Society.

ARTICLE XXIII.

The Land Question means hunger, thirst, nakedness, notice to quit; labour spent in vain, the toil of years seized up-in, the breaking up of homes ; the misery, sickness, and death of parents, children, and wives; the despair and wild- ness which spring up in the hearts of the poor, when legal force, like a sharp harrow, goes over the most sensitive and vital rights of mankind. All this h contained in the land question.---CARDINAL MANNING. Irs this series of articles, which now conclude, I have endeavoured to show that the question of the land lies at the root of the social problem, and that that problem can nsver be solved apart from the:fearless and thorough grappling with the land difficulty. I commenced with an appeal to the trade unionists to take practical steps in f adherence of the principle of land nationalisation, which the Trade Union Congresses have again and again supported. I traced the comparative helplessness of labour to its main cause—the landless condition of the workers. I showed tbat the labour market is always more or less glutted, chiefly as the result of the depopu- lation of the country dietricts, and I contended that no permanent and adequate improvement in the condition of the people in possible unless something be done to check that depopulation. I pointed to the steady growth of the big towns,and to the:deterioration in the physique of the main body of our countrymen,which is inevitable when the fresh air and free space of the country give place to the unhealthy coneritioneof our crowded centres. The question of the housing of the poor, was else dealt with, and I essayed to prove that the general raising of the standard of comfort in and around the home cannot be secured while it is in the interests of private indi- viduals to make the most of their land by crowding houses upon it in utter regardiessnese of the minimum of space that is necessary for the development of healthy human lives • I also referred to the confiscation by land- lords both of the improvements made by tenant s ended the values caused by the growth of the community. The question a the heavy tribute with which the British mining industry is handicapped was dealt with, together with the problems of the unemployed, and of our dan- gerous dependence upon other countries for our food supplies ; and, finally, I think I have established the fact that the State has a perfect right, on equitable terms, to acquire the freehold of the land which is now vested in individuals. one object is to unite reformers, and to SOsfsfON PLATFORM FOR reeeeßmints In all this ray concentrate their efforts upon the deetruction of the land monopoly, which Constitutes the main barrier to the disunion progress lasts, na- tion's real prosperity. It is a grief to me to see the dividedr will be eaction against each o master of the situation, and monopoly and privilege will forces til r . which i longeh m a as e f thise r reign unchecked. Differences of opinion there must be. Without them no forward step was ever taken. But why seould not an arrangement be arrived at between Lib- erals and Radicals on the one hand and Socialists on the other hand? Surely they have some points et faith in common. Do they not all agree that the obstructive newer of that nineteenth-century anomaly the House of Lord. should be effectually broken? Do they not all agree that the franchise should be more widely extended, that education should be more widely diffused, and that justice should be more impar- tially administered for poor and rich alike ? Moreover,the gene lesson is being gradually forced upon the minds of all who are at all imbued with the re- forming spirit that some better way must be found for the equitable apportionment of the nation's wealth among those who actually create it. And I cherish the hope that ere long we may find reformers agreed in de- fining the limits of private property. Already we see that local communities in increasing numbers recognise , the superiority of public ownership over private owner- ship when tram ways and the supply of gas and water are concerned. A growing volume of public opinion declares for the public ownership and management of the railway monopoly. No one would dream of taking the gigantic letter carrying and telegraph businems from the Post Office, which has managed it so well. And so, in this and other directions, it is clear that the general tendency of modern times is for the state to acquire monopolies. It is simply in harmony with that tendency that the State should acquire the greatest monopoly of all, that of theland. "AN OPPOSITION SHOP." Let us suppose that a thorough step has been taken towards that object by the liberal extension of powers of compulsory land purchase to local authorities, and that the voters ate wise enough to elect democratic repre- sentatives. Let us suppose that the Town Council gra- dually takes the place of the ground landlord, and the parish or District Council that of the squire. A very important result would accrue from even such a partial establishment of public landownership. Competition be- tween the public and private owners would be insti- tuted. Each would compete for tenants,and would have to offer good terms to get them. The public landlords would give security of tenure,at a fair and periodically- revisable rent. Is it not clear that the private landlords would be compelled to follow suit ? Indeed, the effect of such campetition in providing the terms of contracts made by occupiers of land can scarcely be oves-estim- ated. At present the landlords have matters all their own way. They play into each other's hands, sad they are little subject to competition. But the proposed change would be equivalent to the opening of an " op- position shop " for the supply of an article (land) in which they now have the tnynopoly. And I anticipate the very greatest benefit therefrom as a moans of break- ing their oppressive power. It would certainly lower the artificially created value of the laud they hold, and , would make its acquisition by the State much more easy to accomplish,

===== 0002601_18980520_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
EFFECT ON WAGES:

But, besides operating in favour of all tenants as such, it would immensely benefit wage-earners as well. For it would open out far them an alternative to wage. service, which, even although not many might avail themselves of it, would relieve the labour market, and thus tend both to the f aising of wages and to the reduc- tion of the hours of lobour. lam supposing that any man could go to the Communal authority and usingnddem(nanodt his birthright; the right of occupying an owning) on fair terms a share of the soil of his native land. In villages these are always some of the best men who could avail themselves of this opportunity. And thus, little by little, a new set of occupiers would be created who would be more or lees independent of hired employment. And this weeding-out process would make employment available for many who now fail to And work of any regular kind. Thus the unemployed would be gradually absorbed. And as the system extended we should see that even many of the workers from the towns would realise the advantages of a eountry life and a healthful occupation in the open air. So that wages would tend to rise in proportion as labour, having two strings to its bow, becdme more and more independent. Wages would rise to the level ef what a man could get by working for himself, either as a separate individual or as a member of a co-operative undertaking. Every- one knows that the proximity of a coal mine to a farm raises the wages of the farm labourer towards the level of the wages of the miner. In like manner the wide prevalence of small holdings, easily obtainable, would beneficially affect the wages of ordinary hired labourers. No man would work for another for less than he could get by working for himself. FAIR WAGS FOE FAIR WORK. And this is what I want to see. I want a man's re- ceipts on Saturday night to approximate as usarly as may be to his actual earnings. "A fair day's wage for a fair day's work." No more and no less. Surely nut an unreasonable demand. But it is not to be got, as some apparently imagine, by denouncing capitalists as the incarnation of evil. Wages are not determined by the disposition or character of employers. The price of labour, like the price of any other thing is simply deter- mined by supply and demand. Therefore the scientific and in fact the only sure way of improving the condi- tion of labour is by relieving the pressure in the labour market. And such relief can be found by the opening up of the land. THE CI7LTIYATOR OF THE FIITURS. No man can yet foresee what the productive capacity of land really is when cultivated with industry and technical knowledge. I believe that the time has come for the adoption of a more intensive system of cultiva- tion than has yet been the rule in our country. The old system of farming will do more for the future. The farmer of the future will bea man of science. lie will know as much of chemistry as the farmer of to-day knows of horses. He will plough a good deal deeper than the usual five inches, for he will know that the aeration of the subsoil is as necessary as the putting in of the seed. Be will have a good deal more than the £5 per acre capital to which the majority of tiritish farmers have nowadays been reduced. He must not have a holding greater than he can properly work. He will have the assurance that the improvements he effects will be his own property, and will not be confis- cated by an outsidc idler. He will, I hope, learn the ad- vantages of co-operative industry in certain departments. He will be better cnabled to fight foreign competitors as , the full effects of land nationalisation begin to be felt, ' and the Government gets its revenue from the rent of land ihstead of from the taxation of the product of labour. Be must learn to get his produce into the hands of the censurner with THE MINIMUM OF EXPENSE.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY MAY 20, 1898.

And I venture to predict he will be aided, before many years have gone by. by the public control of the main railway system, and by the establishment of a network of Ugh!: railways throughout the country districts, hav- ing for their first object the serving of the general com- munity rather than the exclusive interests of share- holders. And thus the great national estate will be de- veloped,the most will be made of its resources,the whole field of natural opportunities will be open to all, a vast home trade will be created, and a comfm table livinf, will be within the reach of all who honestly deserve it oy useful labour. Doubtless some will regard all this as a I Utopia. It has been the late of every salutary reform of the past to be so regarded. Yet the Utopia ot one day becomes the reality, of the next, and what were but dreams in our grandfather's time are cunmonplaces In our own. 8o it will be with the land question. It will loom larger and larger in the public mind. Its import- ance will be gradually apprehended by the majorityof the people. The need for a chance will become more ' and more apparent, the work of education will go on, ' and the first stages of a new land system will be brouht in almost before men realise what the logical outcome will be.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCLUSION.

Thus will be inaugurated, peaceably and equitably, a reform that will become a beneficial revolution. The people will enter their long alienated inheritance. They will cease to be the prey of a privileged class who live by the exaction of a tribute for the use of a gift of nature. And when undeserved wealth vanishes, undeserved poverty will quickly become a thing of the past.

It's coming yet are long. When the right shall ding the wrong. And our rulers learn that cattle are of less account than men.

And the struggle shall be won, And justice shall be done. And the people b hall enjoy their own again I

WARRINGTON COUNTY COURT.

THUMPS:Y.—Before His Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulks. DISPUTE ABOUT A LEATHER ACC WaT.—James Heynes, leather merchant. of Warrington, sued Messrs. Johnson and Smith, bout manufacturers, of Kingswood, Bristol, for £29 13s. 4d., who counter-claimed £46 is.—Mr. W. J. Fore thaw represented the plaintiff and air. froswayth appeared for the defendants.—Ms. Forshaw saldihe did not think there would be any dispute as to the amount. The chief dispute would be as to tile counter-claim. It seemed that previous to this transaction the plaintiff was the managing direct e* of the Haynes' Leather Company, Limlted,which some time ago was in voluntary liquidation and Mr. Bradshaw W.Ol appointed the llquidataye The company was indebted to tine defendants in the stun of £65 16s. Lid., and they received the dividend from the Leather Company, Limited amounting to -25 19.. J. The defendants had a counter-olaim for the balance of the £65 Its. 10d , and they alleged that the plain- tiff agreed to pay tips sum. lie denied the allegation, and said that If he did epee to pay the debt itought to have been reduced to writing. A; promise to pay another person's debt ought to be in writing according to statute James HayneS, plaintiff, carrying on business as leather merchant. said the defendants owed him £29 3s 4d tor leateer. He supplied the leather. With reference to the counter-claim, of £46 Is., he was the managing director f the Haynes Leather Company, and that company was in liquidation. The company owed £55 163 10d., to tile defendants, and witness promised to pay that debt if it was ever in his power to do so. fie agreed with the defendants that he would allow them 0. in the pound off the leather he sold them towards the 1 se they had sustained with the leather company, and also his commission of five per cent,. on boots he sold for the defendants. This was a verbal arrangement, and was never put in writing.—Cross- examined t He told the defendants personally that he would pay the balance of the old debt. It had nothing to do with the Haynes Leather Company. The composition agreed upon was 6s, In the £, but it was never paid because the compauy afterwards went into voluntary liquidation. Mr. Unsworth, for the defence, stated that the defendants counterclaim arose in this manner. On the Ist October, 11896. a meeting of the creditors of the Haynes' Leather Com- pany was held, and at that meeting it was arranged that it the creditors could be induced to aecept 6s. in the 2 in satis- faction 01 their debts the matter would go through, and Mr. Haynes, as managing director, would furnish the money to Pay the composition, and the company would still go on. An interview took place between the plaintiff and the del en- ants, and the inducement was held out to the defendants by the plaintiff that if they would seal in their assent to the composition he would pay the balance of the debt due from the company to them. On the faith of that promise the de- fendants sent in the assent to Mr. Bradshaw, the accountant, Who had charge of the matter. Aft erwards,in consequence of Mr. Haynes being unable to meet the engagement to pay Sc. in the E, the arrangement fell through —His Honour : Where is the consideration for a promise 2—Mr. Una worth : The consideration for the promise is the mutual assent Of the other creditors to accept the composition.—His Honour: 1 don't think so, It fer 4 through and was never acted upon. —Mr, Unewort6 Bur the&her creditors accepted it at the same time.—His Honour : They may hade done so, or they may have done so, or they may have got something. This Is a question of contract between you and your clients and the paintiff, ana if the contract on the one side was never acted upon, how can the agreement On the other side be en- forced Unsworth Our contract Was performed so for as we were concerned by the sending in of the assent —His Honour No. That is a proposal which must be acted upon, otherwise there would be no consideration.— A long legal argument ensued, Mr. Unsworth quot- ing several cases in support of his contention,— 'Olen Bradshaw accountant, gave evidence with respect to the liquidation of the Haynes Leather Company. He wrote several times to the defendants for their assent to a composition before he got it. The compositionof 6s. in the £ afterwards fell thro gh.-13v Ills Honour Nothing was, ever paid under it —Richard Chamberlain Smith, member of the firm of Johnson cud Smith, boot manufacturers, of Kingswgod. Bristol, said the Haynes Leather Company owed their firm £65 16s. 103. His firm did not assent to the o im- position for some time, but after an interview with the plain- , tiff be consented. He told Haynes he would not accept the composition of 6s. in the £ offered by the compaay. Haynes held out a promise ; and eventually he agreed to give them what they would riot otherwise get from the Haynes Leather Company. After t .at the assent was cent on to Mr. Brad- shaw. Mr. Haynes told them they should not lose anything. He agreed to give them what he could get. He had reaeive.d from Mr. Haynes £l7 45. 3d. on account of the promise.— Wil tam James Bibben, commission agent at Bristol stated that on the 19th November he heard Mr. Haynes make a promise to the effect that the plaintiff would see that the tie-, fendants were paid in full. Mr. Forshaw said in the first pima he submitted there was no agreement to pay, the statute not having been complied with. It there were an agreement it ought to have been sup- ported by valuable consideration. His Honour said the composition having failed the question arose whether the plaintiff should be held bound by the agreement he male at the time. The agreement was rather a questionable one. It looked something like what ander the Bankruptcy Act would be an undue preference to a creditor. It seemed t him (his Honour) that wileu the creditors abandoned the 6s. the plaintiffs agreement fell to the ground and could not be enforced It seemed that the 6s. in the E was never put in force, and that nothing was ever done under it. There was no,oonsiderAion existing for the promise. He must therefore give judgment for the plaintiff on the claim, and also on the counter-claim.—Mr. Unsworth : lark your Honour to give us leave to appeal if we consider it necessary.—His Honour : I give you leave to appeat generally.—Mr. Unsworth asked his Honour to use his discretion with reference to the payrroiat of costs seeing that the defendants had lost money by the company. —His Honour said the costs must follow the event. He did not see why toe plaintiff should be unable to recover his costs. CLAIM BY A BANKRUPT'S TRUSTEE.—Joseph scat. Liver- pool, trustee of the estate of Joseph Matthews, bankrupt, claimed from Samuel Cleft trading as the Mandhester Famishing Co., at Sankey-street, Warrington, and other towns, the sum of £2O for timber sold. There was a counter- claim for £3O damages for breach of contract for non• delivery of the above timber.—Mr. Forshaw represented the plaintiff ,and Mr. A. Browne the defendant.—Mr. Forshaw in , opening the case said it was commenced in the High Court of Justice on the 22nd of February, audit was brought to recover £2O for some pine beards which were bought by the , defendant from Mr. Joseph 'Matthews. The action had been remitted from the High Court to that Court. A receiving order was made against Matthews on the 18th of September, 1897, and Mr. scat Was appointed trustee of the estate lie would be able to prove that tee boards were delivered before Mr. Mathews files his petition. The defendant wrote out a cheque for Els but Mr. Matthews would not take a penny less than £2O, and the meney had not been paid. The trustee made application to the defend- ant for this £2O but he had received no repdes and the first time the plaintiff heard of the counter-claim was when the action was commenced. ehe count er-claim was for £3O lor breach of aontraet by reason of Matthews havint failed to de- liver the goods. He would be able to prove that the whole of the timber paid for was delivered. —Strphen Macfarlane Forester, managing clerk for the plaint:ff, said he hid made three applications for this account, but received no reply whatever. The first he heard of the account being disputed was after the writ was issued...;idliokroshs_es-ejfixo,aesmedpikahedis by Mr. Browne The reason the writ was issued at Kiegston-with- Hull was because Mr. boott's solwitors were there. There Matthews, the 18th of epternber. and H bricklayer knwl no yaerenrr it Dr theygit,ooofnw on atsaleOildnh the petition receiving order was made against him. Mr. Scott Was appointed a trustee. He sold seine pine boards to the defendant. There would be about 2i standards. and he agreed on the 22nd July to let the defenda.,t have them for £2O. Some of the timber was delivered the same afternoon afternoon, and the remainder a short time afterwards, The money had not been paid, He had not seen the detendant's counterclaim before this week cud had never had any com- plaints as to the delivery of the gooris.—Cross-examined : lie was not a Jerry builder. He denied that Mr. Claff had not received the whole of the boards,or that the Warrington Slate Company carted some away. -John William Kenyon, laaskell-street, Warrington. a labourer, staled that he was present ins the yard when Mr Claff bought the timber from Mr. Matthews. Mr, Cleft brought lii. man dawa to mark the timber, and some was sawn up The whole of the tim- ber was delivered ; there would be Ti ne loads altogether, two being taken by Mr. Peaoock's hurry to the defendant's place. —Cross-examincd : lie was certain all the timber was carted to the defendants. At this stage the further hearing was adjourned until the eat Court,

OWLE s "2(I.'.";.PEs°,I*"PILLS T' . nerve IF Eirt A c c . mew, eons= ALL ganzatindigritsg, Ingdovi diL OBSTEIIOTIONS and relien• the cltetzessing eyetpteins prevalent with see. Boxes , 1144 2/1/ loontaina the. tiara the quantity). of all Chemists. Bent anywhere on receipt of 15 or Si stamps, by E. T. TOWLE di Oa. dianufactoriom Dryden Sc, Nottingham. inittitiose new we

===== 0002601_18980520_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
The Danger

is in the weakness of the system. The cough itself is not a serious matter until the strength of the system begins to fail. But when the body grows weak and calls on its flesh for reinforcements it is high time to do something besides taking local specifics.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Scott's Emulsion

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN 3,ISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH L DIEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18980520_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
from a Cough

===== 0002601_18980520_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
111 Fr of . I r... 0 1 . . 1 'So ` ! I ' ' kf : )'7o' , - oilT2aijklli

===== 0002601_18980520_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18980520_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
XD3MAL.JECII\T9S

===== 0002601_18980520_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
oE;tftM'S

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Constipation,

Weak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, Is. lid., and 2s. 9d. eaoh, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

BIRMINGHAM, COVENTRY, and LONDON,

PRICE LIST FREE ON APPLI lON

A Sure and certain CURE for 11-AINS in the BACK & JOINTS.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. WEIR'S A NEW DISCOVERY. POROUS PLASTER

Will relieve pain 30 minutes after applying the P!isster. ALL CHEMISTS. Wholesale: 104, GOLDEN LANE E.C.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLID SILVER WATCHES„

For Ladies 8/11, 15/6 ; iut:ation 22/a to 85/. SOLID GOLD CASES, 30/- to .0. LADIES' SOLID SILVER ALBERT CHAINS 2/11, 3/6, 3/11, to 12/6; SOLID OuLD 25/- Co £5. SOLID SILVER BROOCHES (hall marked), Sid. to 3tll. ditto ditto Name Brooches lOid, to 1/6, all are ball marked. SOLID GOLD BROOCHES 5/11 to £4. ELECTRO-SILVER PLATED TEASPOON: 1/11i MAU-DOZEN, to 7/6. ditto ditto DES- 3.ERT FORKS au SPOONS 2/11i to 8/11. ditto itto, TABLE FORKS or SPOONS 4/11 to 12/6, ;HEAPER FORKS AND SPOONS, TEASPOONS winTE METAL) from 4id. halt dozen. ditto ,ESSERT FoRKS or SPOONS from sp. half dozen. Dessert Knives from 1/4* half dozen. • MEAT CARVERS from 241 Inir, ditto in cases from 5/11 (in- cluding steel) to 501- the cue ot five pieces. Table Knives from 1/ to 12/6 the half dozen.

ELECTRO SILVER PLATED BREAKFAST CRUETS (as drawn). 1/11, to 15/6. ditto Dinner Cruets,.2)lll to E 3. Wear° Silver Teapots from 3/11,. Tea and Coffee Services from 9/9 the bet of 4pieces Ladies' Dressing !Ind Companion Cases lOid. to 150/- Albums with or without Ahrkie at all prices to 15/6. Clocks, Barometers, Opera Glasses at Cheapest prices. Dominoes from 3id. to 4/6 box. Model Steam Engines (as ege,a) 1/6,1 to 7/6. Model Locomotive Engines from 2/11 to 8/11 MAGIC LANTERNS lOid. with six Sides, L amp. etc., Complete ditto latger with 12 Slides 2/11 to 17/6 in eluding Mechanical Slides, Clockwork Toys from 10-id. Fretwork Tools and Tools in Boxes from Md. set. Marble s and Bronzes, Mouth Organs Accordions and Concertinas, Hand Mirrors, Jewellery And all kinds o 6 Fancy Goods, visii

, 22/6 7,,,,,-:, rr" -8,1 V,... • ~, p. , /,,\ ke , , •‘,, A If"- " ' . ' •,9,. 1, v A v it..' '.- , A' 4A.q di ....i N. ~ , • %;,..0,;(x --f,A,' 4,- .:,,- - C! -1,:•5.. (N !„- ~---:-. )____•----"P"' -g -_,, ..: - D Siller Watch

• *Zhir, • , _ , Various Fitti ogs 1 ArPg Where you can g

' a-Vie ;ITN r '7 : China Biscuit

1.1 F-i • • . Electro ilvr 4-0 ti lit V ,T=l 3 • ~. 10 I )f • • • : *- 3 01*, -

===== 0002601_18980520_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
DEBERTS'

10, Church St.

LIVERPOOL, ;et single articles at wholesale prices.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Jk. i v

ili

11411

ill

===== 0002601_18980520_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
•

• 11 • t • - # t #,# .# • -

===== 0002601_18980520_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTFS ON t-lAMES AN[) ATHLETICS.

C RICKET.

Pi arrington took advantage of the open date on Satur- day to test the abilities of the junior cricketers. Thewlis assisted the kiniors. With. a wet wicket the bowling bad quick reaults. Crompton's score of 12 was the best of the sixteen. Bibby's bowling was of a very searching character, 23 runs only beiag scored against him for eleven wickets, a very fine performance indeed ! Of the 'first eleven,Bibby who carried his bat out for 27 and Con- nor's 28 were the best batting totals. The game ended in a win for the firs.c. eleven. St. Jaines'.4 on tfaeir own ground on Saturday gave Widnes Temperance a decisive heating. Edison, Darling- ton, Gorst (not Oat) and White proved themselves the 'best bats of the homestere on this occasion. St. James score reached the respectable figure of 101 against 42. The visitors did not do much in the way of batting. Young's 12 topped the list.

It is understoAd that excelsior means the best, and the Arpley Excelsiors proved themselves better than St. Barnabas at Lovgly-lane. A win is a win if it is only by six.

-- Sankey Wire Mills visited Birkenhead Grosvenor on Saturday—for a defeat as it turned out. Lea by neat batting compiled a nice 28 for the homesters. R. Cook and Simpsonicr the wire-men made the best score.

S. Albans when they visited Latchford White Star were traten by 33 runs. H. 'Gorton and Ford compiled most for the White Star. Ford's four wickets for three runs was gond. There was no individual batting amongst St. Albans, whose score was 31 against 88 for White Star.

Beweey Weeleyang gained a victory over Stockton Heath on the ground of the latter (2nd team). Stockton Heath w.re got out at the total expenge of 29 rung against 50 for the Welleyaus,of which Whitehouse's 18 *tan& out best.

The ChesHre Lines 29d team scored a victory on Saturday at the expense of St. Albans, on the ground of the former. Genders proved a tough nut to St. AlbAn's. and finally carried his bat out for 40.

The visit of the Cheshire Lines Engineers to Aigburth on Saturday was not s-,Ty satisfactory from their point of view. The home team compiled the handsome total of 207 for 9 wickets a, ainst the Engineers' 37 runs. Large for Aigburrh had 74 runs to his credit before he wag bowled by Gleave. Ranscorab added 42 before he was caught from Brown, and Richards carried his bat out for 32. This was a very creditable win and alto- . .

gether vhows up some prnmisine players. The local en- gineers have got a big defeat to wipe out on their next fixture with the Aigisurth eleven.

CYCLING.

On Saturday last about 35 members of the Warring- ton Cycle Club turned out for the run to Hale via Wool. ton and Gateacre. The weather was good and the road in excellent condition. After partaking of tea, the ramble down to the shore and lighthouse was greatly enjoyed.

Apropos of my remarks last week anent loose bottom t ackets in many cases too,the looseness is owing to the cup or cups being slightly smaller than the barrel of the bracket, with the result that even when the split lug is screwed up until the ends met, the cup is still loose, and could be moved with a little extra pressure of the peg. wrench. Of course, such a bearing would unscrew with the running friction of the balk. Any of my readers who are troubled with this particular bearing constantly working loose should carefully examine tha lag to ascertain whether the ends touch ; if so you can- not get the barrel any tighter, and will require a new cup of slightly bigger diameter.

Several speed motor cycles, principally of the single tricycle type, have lately been seen along the Brighton road, and have afforded a good opportunity for a bit of free pace to several "bangers on." Many tall tales of their moving are being tald, and that the speed brigade appreciate them is evident. A rather novel sight seen last Sunday was that of a motor tricycle, evidently broken down, being towed along by a tandem pair. The tricycle rider was trying to work the supplementary chain gear, hut looked as though he could have made but little progress without the towing assistance.

It has now been decided that the " Century "Cup is to be raced for by professionals, in which Cordang, Wal- ters, Palmer, and Armstrong, will take part. The first race will be run on Whit Monday, when Cordang and Walters will race over 100 miles. The second will be run between Palmer grid Armstrong, and the final will be run off between the winners of the two, and we hear on very good authority that the fortunate winner will, in addition, have the honour of being the big tyro company's repmsantative in the 100 kilometers world's championship. If the pacing can only be fairly distri- buted, the races should afford grand contests.

There are again this y .r scores of new, and many of them inexperienced, cycle-makers flooding the market with their wares. Yet, though thero is so much compe- tition, it is pleasant to find most of the older firms keeping their heads above water without much difficulty. Merit will always find a place, and it is this alone which has found the New Bowe Machine Company, , Limited, Glasgow, such a prominent position in the cycling world. New Bowe cycles scarcely need any recommendation, but I may just state here that the road-racer made by this firm, which I have ridden for nearly twelve months, has given every satisfaction. It is undoubtedly the smoothest-running, and best hill- climbing cycle I have ever yet bestrode. Mr. J. S. Gar- land, Warrington, is the local agent for New Howe cycles.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING.

According to latest news from America,the three Lon- don cyclists, who are riding round the world for "Travel," are now away in the alkali desert of Nevada, having just completed their sixteen thousand miles of riding. Till the Mississippi River is reached, the trio, Messrs. Kisser, Lunn, and Lowe, are following the rail- way track,and before leaving California,they rode over the Sierra Nevada range of mountains, passing through fotty miles of snow sheds. The thousand mile, over Nevada desert is the last piece of difficult travelling the adventurers have before getting back to England, after an absence of two years. Though this dc-ert is the terror of America, and the Cyclists suffered from want of water, they declare their troubles were as nothing' compared with what they had experienced in China, Curma, and Persia.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

IRISH NATIoNAL LEAGUL—WARIZINGTON BRANCH. On Sunday afternoon in the Druids HalLSankey- street,a meeting of this branch of the Irish National League, was held, and the President took the chair. A resolution of sympathy with Mr. Gladstone in his sad affliction was unanimously adopted. The Presi- dent read "The Crimson Stain," and gave an address on the agrarian question. Messrs. Noon and Lane, the proposer and seconder of the resolution above mentioned, addressed the meeting in terms of the greatest sympathy with Mr. Gladstone,whose advo- cacy of Home Rule for Ireland will, they said, ever be remembdred by the Irish race with feelings of gratitude.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ACADEMY .STREET HALL.

At this hall oneunday afternoon Mrs. Newton,ef Stockport, delivered an address on "If a man die shall he live again ? " arguing from the phenomena of Spiritualism that there was clear proof of the actuality of "the future life." In the evening the same lady treated the subject " Is Spiritualism a religion?" eniphatically declaring the affirmative. At both services Mrs. Newton gave some good clair- voyance. Additional interest was lent to the even- ing by a beautiful poem, " The singing of Magnifi- cat,' being recited by Mr. Frank Linda, of the "Sledge Hammer "Company, in a manner which indicated great elocutionary skill.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
. GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST CHAPEL.

There were good congregations on Sunday at the Golbo ne-street Baptist Chapel, when the anniversary services were held in aid of the Sunday school funds. The Rev. F. C. Lloyd was the preacher both morning and evening. Anthems were given by the choir. The solo parts were taken by Mr. Ireland and Miss Christian very credit- ahlY. A song service was held in the afternoon, at which a large number of children took part, specially trained by Mr. Owen, and Mr. W. Silcock delivered an interesting address. The collection amounted to £8 55. HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. On Sunday at this church the annual sermons were preached and collections were taken in aid of the Sun- day school funds. There was .a large congregation at each service, the Vicar preaching iina:cr the Rev. F. A morning, Rev. T. W. Barber in the aoo -13creeton, of Christ Church, Latchford, in the evening.

_

the News haa been received at the French Colonial Depart- lent of a victorious engagement by a French expedi- tionary force at Tata, the capital of Silraeso, in French Soudan. The city was captured, and among the Pla na was the King of Bohemba.

CYCLISTS US 3 ‘Gy- EWSA BIT" and ~PILLAR BRAND" LUBRICATING AND BURNING OILS and Cycle Enamel; once used, always used. From all dealers Agents :—MC LEAN AND Co., 13, Seel-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Letter s to the Mitou. A DOG OWNER CHALLENGES THE WARRINGTuN POLICE.

Sit,—Would you kindly allow me a little space in your paper to state a little incident in a case taken out by the Warrington police. Last week some toys were playing with a dog when one of them got bitten. The police, believing the dog wis mine, came to my house and demanded my dog,saying they had orders to destroy it—which they did in very short notice. Since then I have discovered that the dog that bit the lad, is still at lar4e and is also without a muzzle. I was also fined I half a crown for my dog not having a muzzle on. I will undertake to present a•sy institution with a £l, if the police can prove that my do r was without a muzzle on the d4tr. tho 1-td ant bitten. Trusting this will meet the eye of Mr. Talbot, lam, yours SO. JOSEPH BENNETT, 68, Battersby-lane.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
G!' NE RAL NEWS.

A Renter's telegram from St. Petersburg states that 4i.'o houses have been burned cilivn at Slutzlc, in the Government of Mirsk.

A mammoth process c ,mera: Is among the exhibits at the Photographic Society's Show at Crystal Palace. It will take a plate 6ft by 61t. and extends to 12ft. The origin of photography, as far as It is traceable, appears In the Crystal Palace Exhibition. In the shape of the first camera picture which was taken by Nicophore bilepce in 18?.4.

A telegram from Cairo states that Captain Bantle, of the Sealorth Highlanders, has diet at the Citadel Hospital of the wounds received by him at the battle of Atbara. 311511 Clara Butt is living at bloreton•in-Harsh suffering from concussion of the brain and severe bruises, the result of a carriage accident. She is, however, progressing satisfac- torily towards convalescence. A private telegram from India reports that at Sunda Isles there has been a heavy cyclone, which has destroyed a great part of Birna. Sumbawa Bay is covered with the Vies of thousands of victims.

- In the Divorce Division on Tuesday Mrs. Mary Ann Gill Kelsey, described as a lady of fortune, obtained a decree nisi on the ground of the adultery of her husband. Mr. Stanley Woolev Kelsey, with his steplaughtsr. Mabel Jones, the petitioner's daughter. The Marchioness of Donegall on Saturday night fell a distance of nearly 20ft down the shaft of a lift at an hotel in the Strand. Loudon. Two of her limbs were fractured, and she was taken to Charing Cross Hospital. Yesterday she was reported to be rather better. Securities and gold to the value of over half a million franca hare been stolen from one of the vans of the Paris. Lyons Mediterranee Company. One of the packages weighed 40 kilogramme., and contained securities valued at about 420,000 francs an 12.000 francs in gold. It was stated at the Religious Tract Society meeting the other night that " The Pilgrim's Progress," has just been translated into the POKOMO and Chiny.nja languages, making the 91st translation of that book which the society has assisted.

The memorial to Edmund Burke, which is to be erected at his grave in Beaconsfield Church, is to be of a simple kind— a panel sunk in the wall of the south aisle with a medallion portrait carved in marble. The cost of the memorial will be at least £lf3o.

William Corbett's grave In Farnham Churchyard, to which a writer in" Macmillan" calls attention this month, is to be thoroughly restored. Mr. John Fielden Cobbett, of Water- ford, Ireland, a grandson of the famous writer and politician, gave instructions to this effect two months since. The Queen paid another visit to Nealey Hospital on Saturday. and had a numker of wounded soldiers brought under her notice. Piper Findlater and Private Vickery were specially honoured in this way, Her Majesty complim- enting th in upon their bravery in action and pinning the Victoria Cross to their uniforms. As the Bale troupe of trick cyclists were driving down Whitehall In their brougham. the horse bolted by Derby- street, and rushing wi dly down there collided with a black wall. The inmates w-re badly shaken, the occupants of the box seat being thrown to-the ground. The horse eas Injured sojbadly that it hs.l to to de .troyed. A pneumatic wood-boring hand tool is taint; made by the Standard Co., of Chicago. Two sizes are sold. The large one. which weighs 18lbs, bores holes up to 2ijin In diameter ; the small one, which weighs 81bs, bores holes up to tin in diameter. Air pressure at 8011 on the square inch Is neeelful to drive the motive parts. AO vibration is noticeable during use. _ . .

A substitute for opium and hashish is mentioned in a lec- ture delivered by Mr AtiAMS before the Royal Botanic So- ciety. It is the fruit of a South American eaCttl3. " Anti.%lon- ium Lewinii," When eaten by anyone his imagination b - comes stimulated into an ecstatic condition, during whish "visions most enchanting 'S pass before his senses. The drug leavas no.unpleasant after effects, so far es has yet been discovered.

_ The Central News learns that the new regulations for the mobilisation of the British Army when occasion arise t have just been completed. and will shortly be promulgated. They will eventually be made applicable to all units mobilising at home, whethe, such mobilisation Is for home de,ence or for active service abroad. Certain points connected with ths mobilisation of the Militia,Yeomany, and Volunteers are still under consldelativo.

Three London police officers had a desperate stauggle with an alleged burg Car on Tuesday night. The man had been rushed into a cab with a "one-wrist handcuff " upon him. but with the disengaged hand he managed to fire several shots at his captors and to hit two, one of the officers, Con- stable Brooks, being seriously injured. Ultimately. how- ever the man was secured. and on Wednesday he was brought before the magistrate at allerkenwell, who remanded him. Harry Aspinall, aged eight, whose parents live in Thomas- street, Crewe, was drowned in a pit at Sidney, near Crewe on Sunday. The pit is small in circumference, but deep. A I men in the neighbouring house heard cries, and golig to the place jumped into the pit. He. however, became embedded in the mud, sinking so deep that onlyihis head was visible. He had to be drawn out by ropes. The boy was dead when got out. The Bishop of Salford, taking part in a Catholic ceremony at Levenshulme on Saturday, dealt at length with the Catholic position in regard to education. He said that in a country where there were many creeds denominational education was the only system which guarded parenl.al rights, allowed complete freedom of religious tea.ching, and secured perfect equality without. any unworthy compromise or the violation of the rights of conscience. . .

Paper flooring is coming Into favour with German builders.. It is applied in the shape of a layer of pulp. 113's is spread evenly over concrete or boarded foundation, stamped and rolled hard.and painted or dyed In 'mit-Alan of parquetry or momaic work. By using any of the usual flreprosling chetni- cils,the flooring be Names considerably safer in this respect than wood. it Is stated to be warmer for the feet than linoteum,and, as it gives a surfam; without cracks from wall to wall, it is more easily kept clean than are boards. The steamer Benhol rn, of Li verpool. and the Antwerp steamer Klondike collided off Point Lynes, on the Anglesey coast, early on Sunday morning. The Benholm sank, and: nine of her crew and a stowaway were drowned. Ele.mn of I the crew managed to support themselves on flsating pieces of timber until picked up by a tug which at the time of the collision happened to be in the neighbourhood. They were afterwards landed at Liverpool. The Klondike, which was badly damaged, steamed away and succeeded in roaching the Mersey. A violent shock of earthquake occurred on Saturday in the district lying south of Mount Etna. the oscillations extending as far as Mineo and Oallagirone. The walls of several build- ings at Biancavilla were cracked, and at Bempasso several old houses were badly damaged. Several slighter shocks suc- ceeded the first. A telegram from Catania states that earth- quake shocks were experienced in the whole district. At Santa Maria and Nicadia a number of laiuses collapsed. Several churches are so seriously damaged that they have had to be c osed. No loss of life is reported, but a panic prevails among the population. The " Gardeners' Magazine" regards the prospeats of this year's fruit crop as distinctly hopeful. In the more southern counties the apple trees are already in bloom ; but. unlike those of the pears, the plums' and the cherries, the flowers were not sufficiently developed to expose them t 3 the ken easterly winds and sharp frosts that did considerable damage In some districts to other fruits. There is not only a g eater profusion of blossom this year of the whole of our orchard fruits, but the flower* are more perfectly developed than was the case in the spring of 1897, arid therefore are better ahle to I withstand the adverse Influences to which fruits grown in the open in the United Kingdom are exposed. The Duke oi Norfolk, Postmaster-General, presided at a I smoking concert given by the members of the London Postal Football League. In presenting the " Norfolk " cup to the '• Excelsior" (11.P.0 ) football team, the Chairman stated that Englishmen rightly thought much of play, but it should I not occu, y all their thought. Sometimes they might be I called upon to fight, and one of the best methods of keeping I themselves In condition for any kind of fray was practice of the game of football. Ile hoped that, no matter what duties Englishmen were called on to perform, they would continue to keep uo the physical and moral stamina of the great race to which they belonged. At last tr.e truth is out regarding Sir William Crookes's experiments to see if he could substantiate Dr. Bmmens's claim of the transmutation of silver into gold. In his last experiment he assayed a large number of Mexican dollars. and found among them two which were free from gold. Discs were cut from the centre of each, and these two discs were treated as directed by Dr. Emmens in private letters for nearly 100 hours. The resul of this attempt to elange silver Into gold was an utter and blank failure. Dr. Emmons has since written to Sir William about the experiment,giving many reasons why it should not have been successful ; but the Bnglish chemist has announced his intention of making no more attempts at transmutation. _ .

Early on Tuesday a shocking fat;labcident occurred on the new waterworks belonging to the Sheffield Corporation. now in course of construetion at Midhope, near Penistone. At six o'clock five men, who had been working on the night shift—Joshua Roberts of 'fhurlstone, Samuel Lilley,E. Addy, Ernest Blake, avid John Price. all of Langsett, were being drawn out of the valve shaft by a steam crane in charge of William Booth. When the skip In which they were riding reaceed th- surface Booth proceeded to take steps to land them on the platform, when the skip by some means became detached, and all five were precipitated to the bottom a dis- tance of 50 feet. It was found that Roberts (who woe 26 years of age) was mortally injured, and he died about an hour after the accident. Addy's back is broken. Bake is also seriously Injured, and lies in a critical state. Lilley and Price escaped with less severe injuries.

A HLTHORODS PHILANTHROPIST AND THE E. NTERPRISING SaCRHTARY.—The Royal Eye Hospital, of Southwark, London, has been announcing that its annual feetval e dinner, in aid of the funds of the hospital, r the will bi !ield on th 17th of June next, under tRe, presidency ' Hon. W.F.D. Smith M.P. (of IV. FL Smith and Son. the o great g ewspaper people), and CircalarS hay,. h. e plated far and wide to phillilaUirnpiCally-diSpOS,d peISOREI. One rather wag.f,ciM individual sent in reply a Maw ,ttee Record Tea Duty Cheque for £63,147 23. 10 J.: cripp-s of which have ben scattered ia coloured facsimile over the length and breadth of the land, to ti secretary of the hospital as his contribution to the fund, ant this far-s sing the s.?.cretary, with commendable manhole, et dictated the following I.tter to the Mazawattee Com- pany :—" May 12th, 1728. "In response to my appeal for funds for the, annual ffitival of Ole .hospitAl, a philanthropic humorist has sect me the enclosod chepue. I am not going to ask send the hospital one tarthiog you to redeem it, but if you eould only fir every £lO re- presented on it, we should he ririitefoi. and our friend will not have j iked in vai3."—Ne'.jes to BAT, to. wag bas not joked in vain.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, MAY 20 198 EARLESTOWN A.ND NEwToN.ITHE PRINCE OF WALES AT NEWTON,

THE MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL. Mrs. Valentine, wife of Dr. Valentine, has very kindly consented to perform the ceremony of crowning the " May Queen," at the festival on Saturday. It is hoped fine weather will prevail on this occasion. AN OLD OFFENDER. At the Newton Town Hall on Monday morning before Colonel Wood, Patrick Donoghne who had 45 previous convictions to his credit, was charged with being drunk and disorderly on Saturday night and was fined 59 and costs.—John Mitchell of Haydock for a similar offence was fined 2.9. 6i. and costs. THE LANCASHIRE HUSSARS AT SOUTHPORT—LOCAL

Never before in the annals of Newton, have the chroniclers been able to record the visit of Royalty to their ancient township. The present generation, ' however, will be able to recount to their children the fact that such an honour was conferred upon the village during their lifetime. Though the Royal visit was only a passing one, and occupied the space of not more than five short minutes, yet His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales must have been extremely gratified at the pains taken and the preparations made to display the loyalty which the inhabitants of this part of the empire felt for the Heir Apparent to the English throne. It has been known for some time past that would pass through Newton on his way to Garswood Hall, the residence of Lord Gerrard, the object of the visit being the inspection on Wednesday of the Lanca- shire Hussars, of which Lord Gerrard is the Hon. Colonel. The Urban District Council of Newton-in- Makerfield determined to mark their sense of the high honour conferred upon the township, by pre• seating to 11.R.1.1. an address of welcome. Accordingly a resolution of the Couucil was obtained empowering the expenditure of a certain sum of money in decorations and in the purchase of a suitable address. A committee Was appointed and the result of their labours was seen on Tueselty evening, when the exits from the point of depertun were gay with bunting and streamers. The London and North-Western Railway Company pr f pared the station platform with a length of carpet and down the steps to the exit. Tee rough slope leading into Mill-lame was completely metamorphosed, and tiers of steps covered with red cloth were put down. I temporary covered way was erected, and this being decorated with bunting of bright colours, with plants in full bleom all the way down presented a very pretty effect. At the bottom was a covered platform, and here were assembled the following mem- bers of the District Council :—Messrs. C. B. F. Herron, (chairman). W. Coiling wood, R. Stone, F . °reamed, E. T. Evans, W. Thompson, W. Beatty, J: Simpson, P. isleMehon, W Gilmour,J. H. Forster, F. J. Wood, J. Slee and Dr. Pstterson with, air. W. W. Shirley (clerk) and Mr. R. Brierley (surveyor). Oa a large platform were gathered a number of invited guests, and at the top of the slope was another platform also containing invited guests. Over the County bridge was the motto "Wel- come to Newton-in-Makerfield," and near the Cnurch was the motto " Blessings en our illustrious Prince." At the station approach Was p wee a guard of henour con- sisting of the Newton detachment of the 6th Y.B. K L.R and regimental and bugle band, and in Mill-lane oppo- site the covered platform was a guard composed of a de- tachment of the lit S.L. Prince of Wales volunteers, with the regimental hand from Warrington under the com- mand of Captain and El in. hi ej ir Buckton, the other offisers on parade being 2nd Lieuts, Cr esfield and B A-- nerd. Tne line of route was kept by both regiments, the total number on parade being 200 rank and file, the whole being under the command of Colonel Woad, 6th V.B , the otner officers present being Captain and Adjutant Rowe, and Dr. Harden, acting chaplain. There were also about 70 police, with seven mounted police on the line of route, the whole being in charge of Colonel Moorsom, Chief Constable of Lancashire, with Superintendent Higginbottom of Leigh and several Inspectors. Thera were several thousand people present, numbers being broueht in 'buses and other conveyances from the outlying districts, bet the proceedings throughout were most orderly. EI.R H. left London by a special train at 2-25, Mr. R. Turnbull. superintendent of the line, being in charge of the train, and arrived at Newton-le-Willows punctually at 8 30. Shortly before that time Lord Gerrard's car- riages drove up, and after 140310 conversation between Lord Gerrard and Colonel Wood, his lordship proceeded to the platform to meet the Prince. The arrangements at the s'oelea were under the personal supervision of Mr. Jo ese. Rsaw, District Superintendent of Lime-street. and Mr. L. D. Price, assistant. Oa alighting from the train the Princo shook hinds with Lord Gerrard, and occempenied by General Sir Evalye Wood,V.C..General Kelly-Kenny (Horse Guards) G •aeral LTA, Colonel Olivant, Lady Randolph Chueoeill, Lady de Trafford and the Bon. Mrs. Olivant, left the stutien. As 3303 mg he anp.sared oatside, the band of the Sth V.B. played six bars of the National Anthem and the guard gave the royal salute.El 8 Rax- pressed himself as exceedingly pleased with the guard, and congratulated Colonel Wood upon their appearance. Descending the steps the Prince admired the decorations, and on arriving on the platform the guard in the road- way gave the royal salute, and the crowd cheered. Mr. Borron then stepped forward and handed the Prince the address which was couched in the following terms : "To H R EL the Prince of Wsles, KG., K r.G.o May it pleasn your Royal Elienuess, we, the Urban Dis- trict Council of N9orton-in-Nlak9rfield in the Ceenty of Lancaster do hereby desire, to offer to your Royal High- ness a very nearty, sincere and loyal welcome to this neighbourhood upon the occesion of your Royal High- nesses's visit to the Right Hon. Lord Gerrard of Garswood Hall.We believe th at this is the first time that the ancient townehip of Nowton•in-Makerfield has been honoured with the presence of a member of the Family of our be- loved and Gracious Sovereign Queen Victoria, and it affords us the greatest pleasure to take this opportunity, of tendering our assurance of the goodwill and loyalty of all classes of the community in this district, not only to Fier Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, but to your Royal Highness, Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales and all the members of your Royal and illustrious family. Given under the Common Seal of the Urban District Council of Newtesn-in-Makerfield, this 9th day of May. 1822, in pursuance of a resolution missed in the presence of C. B. F. Borron, chairman. W. W. Shirley, clerk.

aidlosi, said : " Your Higune,4,l (14,76 ch honour to -equest your gra- ctoul acceptance of an address of welcome by the Urban District Council of Newton-in-Makerfield. The address was in album form,lined with white silk, and was of chaste design. On the outside cover was " Newton-in-Makerfield Urban District Council. Te We Royal Highness, the Prince of Wales, 11.G.,K.T., 8.P.H.5.1., 17th May, 1898." The border was composed of the Prince of Wales feathers in gold. On the front inside page was the Arms of the Council, immediately beneath being H.R.H. Arms, with the motto" Ich Dieu." Ths whole was enclosed in a substantial box. The . address has beon prepared by John Heywood's, Manchester. The Prince handed to Mr. Borron the following reply : Gentlemen : Let ma thank you sincerely for the cor- dial reception 0 your neighbourhood which you have given ms on the occasion of my visit to Lord and Lady Gerrard. I learn with interest that lam the first mem- ber of my family who has been in this populous district which comprises such important industries. I greatly appreciate the kind words with which you bid me wel- come,as well as your assurance ef Loyalty to the Queen, and attachment to the Priecess of Wales and myself.

Amidst the cheers of tho people. His Royal Highness then entered his carriage, which was an open brougham dra vu bY four horses with outriders, and accompanied by Lord Gorrard,Sir Evelyn Wood and Lady de Trafford drove off, escorted by the mounted police. A slight accident happened to the second carriage. The Han. Mrs. Olivant and others having taken their seats, this lady got out again, leaving the carriago door open. The coachman thinking all was ready started, and the open door corning in contact with the platform, it was wrenched off its hinges. Coasiderable delay ensued in getting the door into position. Rain fell during the whole of the ceremony, and no doubt this militated against an even larger attendance of the public.

The Prince of Wales, who arrived at Garswood Hall on Tuesd^y night as the guest of Lord Gerrard, left Brynn Station for Southport at a quarter-past ten yester- day inoening. The route to the station was gaily decora- ted, and was lined by large crowds of spectators. At Southport the Prince reviewed the Lancashire Hussars on Birkdale Sands, and afterwards 13is Royal Highness was preaonted with an addresi of loyal welcome In a silver gilt casket by the Mayor, alderrnen,and burgesses. In the course of his rely the Prince expressed his opinion that the citizens of Southport wsuld not he behindhand in respanding to ti!s appeal on behalf of the London hospitals. He also referred to the superiorities of climate and the excellent sanitary arrangements of the town as calculated to render it attractive to all in search of health. After luncheon at the Cambridge Hall, w,!ich was attended by many illustrious guests, the Prince planted a tree as a memento of his visit. Subse- quently he visited Wigan, where he was also presented with an address.

&LARKING ACCIDENT IN ASMTON-LANS. V‘ hen the carriages were being driven along Ashton lane, he last one containing Captain Holford and General Kelly-Kenny met with a mishap. One of the horses was seen to stagger,but recovered itself,and after going a short distance it suddenly fell on to the footpath causing considerable alarm amongst the spectators. It was Imme,liately released from its harness, and it was found to htve riptured an artery in its head. Beyond some delay in procuring another horse the occupants of the carria : e suffered no inconvenience.

COMPLIMENT TO THE WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS. Tie Warrington Volunteers had the honour of furnish- , ing a guard or honour, at Newton Bridge Station on the arrival of the Prince. They travelled by special train from Rink Quay Station at five o'clock, and on arrival at the station were joined by the Newton contingent, Majer Buckton being in command, accompanied by Second Lieutenant Crosfield and second Lieutenant B.9rnard and 100 rank and file. The regimental band %VW in attendance, under the direction of Bandmaster Armstrong. The smart appearance of the men was favourably commented upon. On their return to the Drill Hall, at Warrington, the men were addressed by Captain and Adjutant F. Mclver Racine, who highly commended them upon their smart, clean, and soldierly appearance, and said they bad acquitted themselves in a manner worthy of the best traditions of the regiment of which they were so proud. It was appropriate that they should have formed a guard of honour to the Prince since the regiment bore his name.

THE RETURN OF THE PRINCE.

- More favourable weather prevailed en Thuredsy.

when His Royal Highnee4 returned to London from Gars- wood Hall. Toe Prince and suite left Newton-le-

Willows in 'a special train at 3-5, his departure being witnessed by a large crowd of people,who cheered H.R.H. as he entered the station by the covered way which had ben left up for the ocoasion. Order was maintained by a staff of police.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIZE WINNERS.

The following 10-c7J. troopers membersof the" C" troop (Newton), w-re prize winners in the sword competitions :-1, Quarter-Master Abbott ; 2, Ser- geant Squire; 3, Trooper Halsall. The regimental prize for the bast turn out was won by Trooper A. Alderson of Earlestown, and the farmer's horse prizes in C. troop were won by Corporal Bond and Trooper Alderson who divided the first and second pr zes, and Corporal Bridge, GOOD TEMPLARS Pro-NIO. On Saturday about 40 members of the Hope of Barlestown lodge of Good Tempters had a very en- joyable pic-nic to Frodsharn. The arrangPments were made by Messrs. J. Warburton and W. Hatton, and a special saloon conveyed the party to their destination. On arrival there the headquarters were made at Mersey View, where dinner and tea were partaken of. The various points of interest were visited, and after a pleasant day the party returned to Eirlestown about 9.15 NEWTON' CATTLE FAIR.

The usual May fair for the sale of horses was held at Newton an Tuesday. Rain fell heavily all day, but in spite of this there was a fool attendance of cattle and prospective buyers. Light horses realised £lB to £25, cart horses were not very glad in class but brought from .£25 to £35. Second-hand aged cobs brought from .E 8 to £l4. Owing to the Royal visit the fair had to close somewhat earlier, which would no doubt to a certain exteas interfere with the sales.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEATH OF SIR, GLADSTONE.

The news of the death of the venerable statesman although not unexpected, was received in Earles- town and district with every manifestation of sor- row. The telegram announcing the sad tidings was received shortly after six o'clock on Thursday morn- ing, and betore breakfast time the flags which were flying at the Conservative Club, Town flail, and other places in honour of the visit of the Prince of Wales, were lowered half mast. There are still some people in Newton who remember Mr. Gladstone's visit to that village, when he contested South West Lancashire for Parliamentary honours.

_ SUDDEN DRATII AT EARLESTOWN. The police have had reported to them the death of Peter Benson, a collier of Dickenson-lane, West- houghton. It appears deceased was on a visit to his brother's house at Newton Cnamon on Friday night. Another man named Sanderford stayed un- til 2.30 a.m. with Benson who then seemed in his usual health. A little later he was found dead. In- formation was given to the police and particulars of the death were forwarded to Hr. Brighouse who decided not to hold an inquest, as the cause of death, certified by the doctor, was apoplexy. De- ceased had beensubject to fits for nine than 28 years. DEATH FROM EXCESSIVE DRINKING A.T EaULES• TOWN.

At the New Market Inn, Zarlestown, on Tuesday evening, Mr. S. Brighouse, coronPr, held an inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of Hannah Melling, 55 years of age, of Peel-street, Earlest-iwn. From the evidence it appeared the deceased had been a heavy drinker for many years, and on Saturday night her husband found her in the hen-cote in the yard. He carried 11r into the house and laid her on the rug in front of the fire, provid- ing a pillow for her head. He afterwards went to bed, and on coming downstairs next morning about 7 o'clock, found her dead where he had laid her. Her daughter spoke to her after Mr. Melling had gone to bed. Dr. Valentine was sent for, but the woman had then been deed some time,and he stated that death had resulted from syncope brought on by excessive drinking.—Verdict accordingly. HOPE OF EA.RLBSTOWN LOWN 1.0 G.T.

The weekly; meeting was presided over by Br 3. J. Taylor, CT., and there was a gold attendance of members and friends. One candidate was ad- mitted. The Secretary read the digest of the forthcoming district lodge at Southport. New programmes for the quarter were distributed. Bro. & Newman, who had been to Dublin, tendered greetings from the St. Luke's Lodge, which were accepted. Bro. Fallon, a military Brother from Porsmouth, gave two recitations. The lodge was then opened to the public, Bro. T. Cutler, P.C.T. taking the chair,and the following took part :—Bro. Dobbs, selection on the dulcimer; Sister Miss S. E. Owen. song; Bro. Stanley, song; Bro. J.Warburton, Lancashire reading, " Owd Fu-lge in the witness- box " ; Bro. Wilson, mouth organ Roil: Sister Mrs. Williams, soag. A vote of thanks w4s tendered all who took part by Bro. Woods, seen, '4-.1 by Lied. E. Newman. HAILLESTOWN CO•OPERA.TrVE .SOL'IKTY.

The 150th quarterly meeting of this society was held in the Co-operative Hall on Monday evening. Mr. 1). Forrester presided and there was a fair at- tendance of members. The minutes ot the last quarterly meeting, and the :ist of new members having been read, the report an.l balance sheet was submitted. The cash receipts for the quarter wers £6030 3s 41, being an increase on last quarter of .f. 339 143 11d, and of £1,007 5s Id on the corres- ponding quarter last year. The nett profits avail- able for dividend on purchases were £9lO 2 3Ad, which allowed a dividend of 3s in the .£ to members, absorbing £90363 01 and Is 61 in the to non- members which would require 2s 31, the balance of £6 143 Oid being added to the Continzent fund. During tne quarter 54 new members had been ad- mitted and 15 had withdrawn leaving 1179 on the books, 857 of whom had brought in checks.—The balance. sheet was adopted.—Messrs. Barcroft and Swift were re-elected on the Committee of Manage- meat Messrs. T. Holliday, Goff and W. Clara were nominated for next quarter. Mr. J. Jones was re- appointed stock-taker. A grant of £7 105 Od was made for the employees trip. The committee were empowered to-become shareholders in trio Oldham Corn Hip Society. The question of opening out a butchering business was left in the hands of the Committee to secure suitable premises after the warm weather. This was all the business. TRH VICAR OF BIIRTONWJOD AND NRWTON RACES. The Rev. A. H, Mitchell, of Buttonwood, Newton- le-Willows, has addressed the following letter to the chairman of the Burtonwoed School Beard : "Sir,—l am greatly surprised to learn that the board school children have been granted a holiday to-day, Newton Race Day. Your blinl must know quite as well as Ido the extent to which drunken- ness and gambling prevail in this parish, and how Persistently the Church has been endeavouring to counteract the bad habits of the people. The edu- cational authority in a district like this has more than ordinary responsibility laid upon it, because of the evil influences which are at work here among US. and I can but deeoly deplore that your board has, by granting a holiday on this particular day, Shown on which side your sympathies lie, and that, not altogether unwittingly, it has lent itself to the demoralisation of the children committed to its care Walking day in Warrington was originally institu- ted to counteract the attractions of the racecourse in the holiday season, and the procession was until recently always held on the Friday of the 'Newton Meeting. Instead of following so good an example i the beard grants the children eholiday,because tis Newton Race Day I I am quite sure that any re- monstrance from those who are seeking to lift the people up will be of little avail. It is,however, nay duty to protest against your action, and to send copies of this letter to the Education Department and the Press." _

Fever Llospitri, Aikin Street, Warrington, Report for the month ending 30th April, 1391 In Hospital on the ISt of April 4 Admitted during the month Cases of Smallpox Cases of Scarlet lever (Warrington) Cases of Typhus Fever Oases of Enteric Fever, Warrington 2 Cases of Diphtheria NI Other Diseases NI

Total 6

Dischsrged Cured Dead 1 In hospital on the Ist or. May

Total 6

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Superintendent

===== 0002601_18980520_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY TIR; WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

[BY AN OCCASIONAL _CO RRESPON DENT. 1 The all absorbing topic this week has been the passage through the district of Hie Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. Such an event put everybody on tha tip-toe of expectation,and when the weather on Monday appeared to have settled down and to be on its best behaviour, it was thought there would be a vast gathering of loyal subjects at New- ton to extend a hearty welcome to the Prince. The District Council did their best to make the affair, a succesq,but the disturbing elements cast a damper over the proceedings, and instead of bright sun- shine which characterised the previous day,a leaden sky, and pitiless rain contributed to make every- body feel as miserable as could well be imagined. The decorations were very pretty, and the Prince was heard to remark upon them to Sir Evelyn Wood, an observation which must go some way to make the District Council feel proud of their efforts. The local photographer who intended obtaining one or two views of the ceremony was a greatly disappointed man, as owing to the bad light and other circumstances he was unable to get any sort of a picture.Mr.Borron the chairman of the Council was honoured by an invitation to dine with the Prince and the Hussar officers at Southport.

Many of the inhabitants seconded the efforts of the Council in the way of decoration, and conse- quently there was a plentiful supply of bunting, which no doubt would have looked exceedingly well had the weather been bright. One patriotic publi- can in Newton had erected over his front entrance the photos of the Prince and Princess, and had pro- duced a pretty effect by means of a border of coloured lights. The crowd was a most orderly one, but the cheering WA4 of a feeble character. Perhaps the people were too much overcome by the magnitude of tho honour conferred on the township by a visit from the Heir Apparent to the throne of Great Britain.

At last the Council have decided to erect a mor- tuary Lir the reception of any badies for which the police cannot find a suitable resting place pending identiLlation.. I have,in these columns,aten advo- cated the provision of such a building,and naturally am proud that the Council have at last seen their way to proceed with the erection of the much needed building. I hope they will see that suita- ble apparatus is proviued for the conducting of post-mortem examinations, and that sufficient ac- commodation is made for the storage of an ambul- ance.

The question of obtaining an independent sup- ply of water for the township is being proceeded with. An engineer has been retained at a fixed rernuneration,and the sub-committee has been ern- powered to bore to a depth of 500 feet in search of , the needed liquid. All this is very well in its way, but what of the warning administered by one of the colliery firms,who it is said will,in the not very distant future, sink a pit from which they purpose obtaining coal, Should this be done, it is not very assuring to think what will become of the Council's water. It would be a pity to waste money in the face of this warning,and it is to be hoped the Coun- cil will weigh the matter well before proceeding With the scheme.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON RACES iTH THEIR SEQUEL.

One of the most prolific sources of police court Mee is the race course and its consequent betting Iran- sactions,a hieh with men ei doubtful character so often end in that class of offence commonly called "welshinc,r." The cliff lrenc class of offal:piers and the particular class of offence in which a certain stamp of men who at- tend the races so often overstep the fine line which di- vides the spirit from the letter of the law are too numer- ous to particularise. The race course public generally are only to ready to take summary vengeance on that particular class of tricksters styled by theca as " welshers." These " sharps," who endeavour to escape their honourable,and on the racecourse, legal debts, are thankful to have the protection of the police from the , physical violence of the public, when caught. The fol- lowing Cases at the Warring,ton County Petty Seesions are examples of some of the off-mcee attendant on the different race meetings throughout the country : AN ALLEGED WELEGIER.—Charies Smethurst. was charged with having obtained on the 13th May at Newton, unlawfully and by means of a trick, the sum of 10e.—The prisoner plcadrd not Waddicor stated that at 2.15 p.m. on Friday last the prisoner was given In charge at Newton Race Course for "welshing." Other people had made the same charge against him,—Cross-examined by Mr, Hyslop. I solicitor, who appeared for the defence. the Constable stated I he was In the 5s enclosure. at 1,30 pm. He first saw Smet- hurst about 2.5 p no, or 2.10 pm, just after the first race, which was won by the horse " Superb " and which was die qualified. ole of the men who complained to him about Smethurst, was a man named Samuel Withington, who had laid 101 to 8. on " Superb" winning. When prisoner was searched they found no tickets on him, nor any evidence of any betting transaction. When he was arrested be said they were mistaken.—Asked by Mr. Hyslop whether lie saw anvoneget hold of Smethurst the Constable said he saw some men get hold of him. and Withington asked for 18s, Smethurst said I was not him,—The witnesses were in court during the earliest part of the trial but when called upon were not to be found, The prisoner was remanded until Tuesday next...bail being rtfused. INTENT To COMMIT A. FELONE.—Henry Platt and William Jona' were charged with being on the railway station at Barlestown on the 13th May with latest to commit a felony, Both prisoners pleaded not guilty. Mr. Fenno prosecuted on behalf of the L. and N.W. Railway Company. Mr. Hyslop appeared for the defenee.Mr.Fenna called Walter Kynaston.a detective officer in the employ of the L and N W Railway Company, who said he saw the two defendants on the station in company with two other men not In custody. This was about 5 o'clock. They crossed over to the other platform and had & conversation together. The four then separated and Platt rind Jones got together again. He watched the two knocking about in a suspicious way. An excursion train came in, and there was a crowd of people trying to get into the train. He heard Jones say there is nothing on this train we will wait for the next." Later on he saw one of them put his hand into a pocket—George Jones, also a detective in the employ of the London and North- Western Railway Co., corroborated in effect the statements of the previous officer. He had seen Platt put his hand in the pocket of a lady covered by the prisoner Jones.—P.O. Duncan, stationed at Leigh. said he was on the station at 5 o'clock. He saw the prisoner Platt, put his hand In several ladies pockets as they were getting lido the train. His operations were covered by Jones. When prisoner Platt was searched he had 7s. 11 in money but no railway ticket.— P.C. Carter, said he was on daty at Bariestown station on the day in question.—Kynaston made a communication to him, and pointed out the two prisoners. When searched Jones had 21 17s. Id., a watch and gold chain, a race card, and a return half ticket to Rdgehill. He said he came from ' Wolverhampton. Platt said he earns from Liverpool.—Mr. slop, for the defence, said as far as the prisoner Jones was concerned, there was no case agaiLst him. He was there for a lawful purpose. There was a race card found on him, and that, ne said, showed for what purpose he had been there. The prisoners had said they were looking on the station and in the trains for a man, and he submitted that this was a case In which the Scotch verdict might come In "not proven."— Walter K 3 naston, on oath, said he was present at Salford in 1896 when the prisoner Platt got three months for falling to report himself to the police.—The magistrates sent each of the prisoners to gaol for three months with hard labour.

_ A BOOKSEA.KER'S CLERK IN TROUBLE.—Henry Bradley, R bookmaker's clerk was charged with stealing on the 13th May by means of a trick the sum of 225. and 3s. the moneys respectively of Joseph lonaax and Henry Oritchley.—Prisoner pleaded not gulity.—Mr. Hyslop appeared for the defence.— Joseph Lomax said on the 13th May he paid to Henry Jen- kins, a bookmaker from Sheffield 221 to back a horse. Bradley was the bookmaker's clerk an entered the bet in the book. After the race was over he went to draw his money and found out they were gone. He attended the race meeting on Saturday and saw Bradley with a book entering bets.—ln answer to Mr Hyslop.he said it was Jenkins he had given the money to. At the time he was in the be ring. The man Bradley was arrested and he was asked to identify him but he told the police he was.only the clerk.—Henry Critchley said he was a plurabsr,residing at Newton. and was in the 5s ring on Saturday. The complainant was there and he went up to Jenkins from Sheffield and put 311 on a horse named Plecis." The horse won. In answer to Mr. Hyslop. he said he gave the money to Jenkins, and it was he who gave him the ticket,but the prisoner entered the bet.—Mr. Hyslop for the defence nointed out that Bradley had merely acted as the clerk and entered the bets. He nad not handled the rnoneY, He had not taken a single copper of the money.—The bench found the prisoner to be an accomplice in the matter and fined him 401 and costs. A special court was held at the Police Station, Earlestown, to deal with any oases which the police might have to bring orward. Mr. Borron attended to dispense justice, on Satur- day, GAMING. —The following cases of gaming with the three card trick and with box and dice, were dealt with, and the offenders esch fined ss. and costs s—Joseph Bristow, Thomas Green, Thomas Jones. Walter Landon. a Liverpool, George Read. Leeds,and Daniel Leno, Manchester.

MUSIC,

- -- • BUY YOUR PIANOS at WADSWORTH'S ORGANS at WADSWORTH'S MUSIC at WADSWORTH'S VIOLINS at WADSWORTH'S MANDOLINES at WADSWORTH'S GUITARS at WADSWORTH'S BANJOS at WADSWORTH'S AUTO-HARPS at WADSWORTH'S AIRLODIONS at WADSWORTH'S MOUTH ORGANS at. WADSWORTH'S STRINGS and FITTINGS at WADSWORTH'S. CASH OR ;HIRE SYSTEM: BEST TERMS. IYou;know the address : OPPOSITE THE PARK, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD INQITIRY.

£42,693 REQUIRED BY THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION.

Mr. W. 0. E. Meade sing, Local Government Board Inspector, attended at the Town Hall, Warrington, on Wednesday, to hold an inquiry with reference to the application of the Corporation for the sanction to borrow £31,993 for the street improvement ; £lO,OOO for the purchase of slot and other meters in connection with the Gas Undertaking ; and £7OO for the purchase and laying out of Queen's Gardens. Amongst those present were the Town Clerk,the Borough Treasurer,the Borough Surveyor, Mr. F. Taylor (secretary of the Gas Works), Mr. W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), Mr. John Sutcliffe (assistant borough surveyor), Mr. W.H. Wood- cock (borough collector), the Mayor (Alderman Wright), the Deputy-Mayor (Alderman Fairclough), Alderman Roberts, Alderman Sutton, Councillors Shaw Green, Bennett, an 4 Dr. Cannell ; ad Messrs. John Ilarrison, J. E. Ewart,

===== 0002601_18980520_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET IMPROTEMENTS.

In answer to the Inspector, the Town Clerk stated that the population of the borough at the last cens is was 52542; it was now estimated at 63,000. The borough was extended in 1896. The Borough Treasurer stated that the assessable value of the borough was £186,897. Thc palm" of out- standing loans undrr the Sanitary and Public Elealth Acts amounted to £72,369.

The Inspector What period do you ask for the loan? The Town Clerk : Fifty years for the land, and we suggest 30 years for street paving and se on. The Inspector : Is there anyone present who wishes to oppose the application for the borrowing of £31,99 3 for street improvements ? No one objected. The Town Clerk explained the proposals of the Cor- poration and obaerved that Warrington was intersected by four very narrow streete—a legacy from their fore- fathers—and they found it absolutely necessary to ' widen them. The traffic was very rapidly increasinz, and two applications had been made to the Local Government Beard for leave to construct tramways in the borough, but each application had been refused by the Board of Trade. The applications were not made by the Corporation, but by private companies. At the end of Bridge-street there was a bridge over the river Mersey, which was the first bridge for vehicular traffic, between Liverpool and Warrington, and was the only means of communication for many miles round between the two counties. All the traffic came up Bridge-street —or most of it—and had to go through the narrow streets. The Borough Surveyor had estimated that 3.500 vehicles passed up and down Bridge-street each I day. He (Mr. Whittle) was pleaeed to say that the ' town was never its a more prosperous condition than it was at the present time. The traffic was increasing daily, and there were occasions when 83020 of the streets,, the principle ones, were almoet it:wags- able, particularly on Saturday, when there was great difficulty in getting down Bridge-street. The Ex-Mayor (Alderman James Fairclough) had taken upon himself the grave responsibility of making certain purchases iu his own name for the Corporation. They had an agreement with him by which he undertook te sell to the Corporation. He had purchased all the pro- perty which was wauted with two exceptions. He en- tered into an agreement with the Corporation to sell at the same price he paid for the preperties,the Corporation indemnifying him against any loss. Thd Corporation had paid part of the purchase money of same strips of land along Wilderspool Causeway. The land had been acquired to widen an old county road. It was net a main road. The Corporation had now taken the road over. It was a very narrow roadway. Most of the land belonged to Messrs. Greetiall, Whitley and Company, who were brewers in the borough, and it was eligible building and, and about to be brought into the market for building purposes. There was no footpath on one side of the road. On one side of the road was public- house, but this it was proposed to pull down and erect another one further back. The Corporation had suffi- cient land to widen the road to 80ft. They had agreed to glee £5OO towards the cast of rebuilding the premises which, he believed, would coat £2,000. The owners of the land had met the Corporation in a very liberal spirit. They had widened the road to 40ft, without any charge to the Corporation, and had sold the remainder of the land sufficient to widened to 601 t. The road had only an average of 25ft. in width ; and the Curporation had increased that to 80ft-, for which they had paid 61. per square yard, freehold. All the property they were purchasing was freehold ; and free from eucumberances with the exception of Queen's Garden they did not believe in leasehold pro- perty. The traffic along the Causeway was immense ; the road was about a mile in length. He wished to make an explanation about the proposed improvement in Knutsford-road. It was another ancient causeway, and very narrow, with a footpath on only one side part of the way. They required to purchase strips of land to make the road 60ft. wide. Land had been purchased by the Deputy-Mayor in trust for the town during his mayoralty. In connection with Victoria Park, it waa proposed to construct a roadway from Knutsford-road across the estate, and to pass over the river by a new bridge to connect that part of the town with Latchford. The Corporation bad not purchased the estate • it was in the possession of Alderman James Fairclough, on the ' same conditions as before. They proposed to take land from Mr. Fairclough at the front at the same price they paid to Greenall, Whitley, and Co., namely fis. per yard. They had bought certain land in St. James's-street to widen the street. It had not yet been paid for, and the negotiations ware not complete el when they approached the Local Government Board. The price to be paid was 15s. a equate yard. which would come to £999 7s. Bd., and £BOO for buildings. _ .

Mr. T. Longdin, borough surveyor, in answer to the Inspector, said all the streets were sewered and the sewerage was discharged into the river. They were on the pail system and there were not more than 500 water closets in the town. There was a very excessive amount of water poured by the manufacturers into the sewers. The paving works were similar in all cases except in the new street proposed from Bank-street to Cannell-street, and the only difference there was the size of sett. The foundation of the streets was composed of sin. concrete and paved with "63 "granite setts. The kerbs pro- posed were 12 by Rawtenstall kerbs, and the foc,tpath inch concrete flags. The width of the streets 9i:cord- ing to the bye-laws was 40 feet. An allowance was made for the cost of kerbs which would be used again in set- ting back.

===== 0002601_18980520_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
SLOT AND OTHER MITIOIB,

The next inquiry was with respect to the slot and other meters. The Town Clerk said the Warrington Gas Works were bought in 1877,and they they now asked for the loan— for not more than 15 years—of £lO,OOO for the purchase of slot and other meters. The Corporation had already spent out of revenue £6,600 for slot meters, but that was not included in the £lO,OOO, and the Gas Commit- tee had been called over the coals for spending its revenue in this lavish manner. The Chairman of the Finance Committee thoueht he was entitled to it for a reduction of the rates, Their gas engineer estimated that in ten years he would require 5,000 meters at £2 each. This year he would require 1,000. They found the slot meter an exceedingly popular method of supply- ing poor people with gas. It was the penny in the slot system. 'they had at the present moment no fewer than 100 applications on the books for these meters. The Corporation bad not borrowed money before for the purchase of the slot meters. They had borrowed £20,000 for extensions, £5,000 of which was vet un- spent. The Gas Works were the property of the Cor- poration, and were acquired in 1877. They had been greatly enlarged since that date, out of revenue mainly, and new works had been practically built out of revenue. The Corporation wished to take up the loan as it was required. Mr. W. S. Haddock, stated thet the yearly consump- tion of gas at the works was 216 million of feet from the ordinary meters, and 20-i million feet from the slot meters. The works could turn out one million feet per day. There were 3,200 slot meters in use at the present time. The Corporation fixed the meters, and the rent etc., was all covered by the coin. There was 25 ft. of gas obtained for a penny, and this would burn 7 hours for one light. The Corporatien got a five years guarantee with each meter. If this loan was secured they would encourage the fixing of these meters. They were first used in Warrington in 1896, and were almost wnolly used by the working classes. Alderman Sutton : I should like to know if any cal- culation has been made as to the profits of the slot meters?

Witness: We have made a calculation and it is satis• Factory.

The Town Clerk : We believe we get less profit from the slot rneters,but it is an encouragement to the people to use gas.

The Deputy-Mayor: They get 251 t for a penny. QUEEN'S GARDENS. The next part of the inquiry related to the £7OO for the purchase and laying out of Queen's Gardens. The Town Clerk said the Corporation asked for a loan for 50 years for the land and for the laying out ten years. The gardens were nearly an acre in extent and were situated almost in the centre of the town and formerly were divided into eight small gardens and rented by the persons who lived near them. The land was offered for sale by auction, and was secured by the Corporation for £2OO in 1897. The land was freehold, and there was only one condition attached to it, and that was that it should never be built upon. It bad a good access, and was close to several Of the public buildings of the town. Mr. Longdin bad estimated that it would cost £5OO to lay out the land. The Inspector (looking at the plan) What is the space in the centre left for ? The Borough Surveyor : We expect some gentleman to present us with a handsome Luntain some day. (Laughter.) The inquiry then terminated, and shortly afterwards the Inspector left the Town Hall for the purpose of view- ing the sites in question.

EXCELSIOR and NEW HOWE CYCLES,—GamaND Ironmonger, Warrington. CYCLING and TOURING ROAD MAPS .—JoHN S. GRIM!, Stationer, /0., 34, Bridgeatreet, Warrington'

===== 0002601_18980520_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

THE 'WAR.

There is a great dearth of news this morning with re- g,ard to the progress of Hi. war. Thri policy of secrecY ou the part of the military altqi,rities in America IS more rigid than ever,—and the officials open their' mouths only to say that this concealment of plans jel working well 7ind to issue rules guarding afresh againet allowing icfJrrnation to leak out. There is still a hope also that a conclusive action at sea may bring Spain to terms without the need of Pateusive land operations. SPANISH DESIGNS ON THE AMERICAN COAST. NEW Yosi, THITIISDAY EVENING. The" Evening World" publiqhes the follow;ng tele. gram from Washington :—" Mr. Long, Secretary of the Navy, has gone to the White House with important in- formation in regard to Spanish naval movements. It ir believed that Mr. Long has received a message,warning him that the Spanish squadron is making for the Eastern sea-board of the United Stares, with a view to making an attack upon some of the ports before it ea 4 be inter- cepted."

BOMBARDMENT OF SANTIAGO DE CUBA. MADRID, THURSDAY. Three Arnericah warships yesterday bombarded the fort of Santiagode Cuba, but without doing any damage. the shells falling short of laud owing to the long rango from which they were fired. They fired altegethet about eighty shots of shell. The Spanish batteries re- plied to the fire of the attacking warships and damaged one of them. Half an hour later the French despatch boat Fulton entered the harbour,

t plied

Supplies of proviaions in Cuba are stated in a private telegram to be abundant, in spite of the blockade, as vessels with food supplies are continually arriving. A report is current that Admiral Grvera's squadron has arrived off Havana, but th,, rumour is act yet cod' firmed.

CRICKET. Leicestershire accomplished a splendid bvting per. formance at Old Trafford yesterdiy, by scoring 305 rust' for the loss of 9 wickets. Tomlin hit up 107, and Wood and Woodcock both passed the half century. Yorkshire against Gloucegtar at Bristol scored 283 runs fer three wickets. Essex were at home to SU9S -22 C yesterday and for the loss of two wickets put together 114 runs. Only two and a half hour's cricket were pissible aV Bath, Hampshire being got out for 97, while Somerset' shire scored 30 without logs. Oxford University v M.C.C.—Oxford scored 85 foz-7 wickets. Cambridge University v Middle.iCX*—Gainbridge 63 for 8 wickets. M.C,C. v Notts.—The latter scored 42 for 2 wicketll when rain stopped play. THE JAPANESE A.ND MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S SPEEGII.

YOHRORAMA, THURSDAY. The Japanese press, in discussing Mr. Chamberlain'S Birmingham speech, expresses the opinioa that the Ural is now ripe for forming an allianc3 ,itith Groat Britain. The two leading organs, however, have hitherto milled silent on the subject. THE EVACUATION OF THESSALY.

BERLIN, THURSDAY. I telegram from Athens states that the Turkir,b atl. thorities have chartered more ships for the transport of troops from Thessaly The carrying out of the evacua- tion within the specified t.rm is regarded as certain. THE PLAGUE IN ceLcurra. CALCUTTA, THURSDAY. There have been no further deaths from plague in Cal' cotta during the last two days, nor have any fresh case been reported. The general deathrate is below the aver' age. The city is now resuming its normal aspect. Rad work at the jetties is steadily incroising. Coolies, h.”ly ever, are still scarce.

TORNADO IN AMERICA. CLINTON (IOWA). THURSDAY. Over twenty lives have been lost and much propertl; cl.stroy6d by a tornado which swept over Clintop Jackson counties yesterday afternoon. NEW YORE, THIJIISDAL• A tornado p3ssed over Ogle County, Illinois, to-dal' ' destroyin,; hundreds of houses and barns. Eleven per sons were killed and forty injured. GREAT FIRE IN LONDON. A fire of great magnitude occurred about ten nrcl last night in Little Sutton-street, Gosweli-road, London; upon the premises of Messrs. Mark Bromet, rag an' wellen merchants. Several adjoining warehouses we involved. Including Sir Joseph Causton's showcard fa.h: tory. Owing to the inflammable nature of the materis; which fed the flames the fire brigade experienced do greatest difficulty in checking the conflagration, which ran along the narrow streets with the greatest rapiditl• The damage is not entirely covered by insuranc?,.

FRIARS' GREEN, WARRIN:'.TON (Opposite Arpley Station), ST. ARD AND CO.. MONUMENTAL WNTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASON 1,00 Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces. Monuments,o aad Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLEANING EXIST' PIONUAIENTS A SPECIALTY.

Warrington.—Printed and PithNaha.' by Johu Warree atE The Examiner General Printing Works. Beweer!!':001 and Published also at The Examiner Office, Vlotai*t SD WIDNES : High-street, Runoß 32, George.o%l4l4 20 idtramis ; and 3 Market-street, E.O.9I,fiSTOWNr."- I I.

===== 0002601_18980520_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
(ri-I UYCLING AND CYCLISTS." OWING TO UNUSUAL PRESSURE on our aParss we are compelled to HOLD OVER TILL N EXT WEEK The Second Article on "CYCLING AND CYCLISTS," which ebould have been given in To-day'a " THE ARTICLE IS ENTITLED 1 1 4 4.1-1 HE HUMOURS OF CYCLING," On H. J. Hole, editor of the •`Wheelman." In the "EXAMINER" of SATURDAY, MAY 28TH. SECOND ANNUAL GYMNASTIC CHAMPION- SHIP COMPETITION. organised by the GYMNASTIC TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION. LISPLAY of PHYSICAL EXERCISES, by Mr J. XINSLEYS' PUPILS, will be held in the WARRINGTON Cilkuvestum. ON SATURDAY, MAY 28TH, ISM XIS WORSHIP,the MAYOR, ALDERMAN 3. E. WRIGHT, will 'preside, and the MAYORESS has very kindly consented to present the prizes. Doors open at 7 o'clock : o comm,nce at 7-30 p.m. AD MISSION : ls., 6d. ano 3d, Tickets and all particulars, on application at the Gymnasium. LONDON AND NORTII-WESTERN RAILWAY. GARSTON DUCKS AND WIDNES DOCK. tendon aid Neeth-Western Railway Company GIVE 40TM that MONDAY. MAY 30th, BEING A HOLIDAY, !Vex the Holidays Extension Act, 1875. the day will be uSEIBRVED AS A HOLIDAY AT GARSTON BOOKS and WTDNES DOCK, and the Quays and Estate. FRED HARRISON, General Manager. "1", Maystat 189 g. ion, London.

RUPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. IiGGINGTON'S Improved liffectual TRUSS f or Cure of Rupture; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 &9, firosvonor-e tree t Len. don-road. Manchester.

WEDDING AN D BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALBO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Mae Selectien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS, ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIO-I-BRIX. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO., JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS. NUMISMATISTS, AND DEALERS IN ANTIQUES, 63—RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL--63. Established 1819. Valuations for proloate.

ELECTRO-PLATING, GILDING & ENGRATING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. QUAL TO NEW, ARTCt Ll Eo w S esthlConstß E . Catalogues free. JOSEPH HIGHAM, LIMITED. 127, STRANG-WAYS, MANCHESTER, (Opposite the Assize Courts SPECIAL T EMS TO THE TRADE.

SIMPLY WITT I PUL. WEAR THE } From NATURAL ..„ IMMOVABLE 21, 'rcnn SCALPETTES ' FRINGES. 10/6 T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH-STREET, LIVERPOOL. -- — THAT IDEA OF YOURS. wHy NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST I. j. A. COUBROUGIL REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Retain). Qua!, by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. Ameries. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL.

W. B. SWEETISLAN'S VAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2a. 6d. PER BOTTLE. 5, lIANELAGH-STREET. LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

OR ~„... VISITORS TO LIVERPOOL. " ORIGINAL " WONDERLAND.— NW EXHIBITION VICTORIA. HALL. N. 80, LINE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, LlVRRpooL,gopposite EGYPT Adelphi Hotel). The BO _ PRESSOR lAN HOME OF MYSTERY I pRo WUNOS, The JUVENILE MUSICAL i WONDERS PaSSOlt 'ram JOHNSON, the King of Illutionists. FRO- SONS ETT, the Leading Ventriloquist and Variety uORBETT FIG an. ED NETT, LIVING PICTURES, The GREAT 9,97nedi "but UT, Grand National. GRECO-TURKISH ot mix Groups ....... and other exciting subjects. Magnificent collection . Cosmoramto Views, An. _ Admission to view all 3d. Benne 6d.

RICHARDSON AND CO., PAPER-HANGING 'MERCHANTS. 9. AND 11, THOMAS-STREET, SHUDEHILL. MANCHESTER.

Crmrs GRAND CIRCUS, WARRINGTON, , will open for a short season on MONDAY, MAY 23rd, 913, nnder the Patronsge of the Mayor of Warrington keuderman J. E. WRIGHT). with a Grand Extra Circus r,l'aliwny of Star Artistes. The Marvellous LEOTARDS ; • It ZENTSNI, new and novel performance; the Bros. nO3lO, Tumbling and Juggling Clowns •. the SISTERS V r.,_EXANDRE ; the CARDENO TROUPE; the CRUIK- NKS, the Prince of Clowns ; BILLY, the Riding Dog; /114-XE. ALRSRR, with her beautiful performing Horses; Greba ALLRN' Bare-Back Elder; MONS. S. CLAIR, in his _ at High Trapeze Performance; MISS LAURA BROOKRS; totISS FREDERICA, with her Wonderful Troupe of Per- =linwyD°Re ; BUF ALO BILL'S Bucking Horses; COMIC aond.HA m T wDR LITTLE TONE'!, the Laughable Clowns; ,all-round perforer and his Spotted Horse, Fiftatitin,NGlON the Wonderful HUMAN WHITE pß.3,7—tr, ; die SISTERS ADA and LIZZIE ; BROTHERS JUBILEE, the Comic Mule- the CLOWN s.▪ his Funny Donkeys; Troupe of VAULTERS. Eight ‘;I4OWNS. Two PRRPORMANCR3 SATURDAY, at 2 and? o'clock, bellverY Evening at 7-39. Doors open at?. Carriages may Ordered at 4-15 and 10-15. Saturdays. Doors open at 6-30. :RIDES OF ADNIISSION.—Front Stalls (Pluck Self- c:!,4 Chairs, numbered), Is ; Bsck Chairs, Is. ad.; Stalls --"LriO, Is. ; Pit and Side Chairs, fkl. 03allery, 3d. 0(11 Cli.—To avoid the Crush. Persons east enter by the p"e boors-25 extrs to Gallery, 3d. extra to all Seats in rent of the House. _I e Proprietor—OHMY, HERO OF THE BALLOON.

UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAs ! ! THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS. UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED Ix stair AN HOUR FROM 38, ID. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

ON G ORTH , PAPER MERCHANT. L CHEAPEST IN THE CITY. SPECIALITIES : Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papers, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to 4 Jain 6, OAK STREET, THOMAS-STREKT, MANCHESTER.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. tvAprik,,No. Express Service Daily (Sundays excepted) commencing HAY 27th. BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 830 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 9.56 am. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 23s. 63. Trains run Third class and Saloon 155. Od. alongside Third class and Fore Cabin.lis Od. steamers. SPBCIAL NOTICI3.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets availablo for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or ,iee versa, can ROW be obtained at following Fares First-Class and Saloon 193. Od. Third-class and Salcon l3s. 6d. Third-class and Fore Cabin Ss. 6d. The journey may be broken at Orange. Ulverstone (fer the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or BarrOW. IMPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer " DUCHESS OF DISVONSHIRE" will be on the servioe on MIA 27th. 28th, 30th, and 31st, and also during July. August and September. There will be EXTRA settings every SATURDAY, July Ith to SRPTBSIBBR 3rd.-4AMBS LITTLEI t CO., Barrow.

WILLIAM. AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND PROVISION • DEALER, LEGII-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD FitnisT MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

NEW HUDSON CYCLE Co., Cirt°SB LANE, EARLESTOWN, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CYCLE FACTORS. We hold the largest Stock in the district to select 01, comprising the following well-known makes, • RUDGE-W LI IT WOR Fri, LTD., NEW HUDSON CYCLES, COVENTRY CROSS CYCLES. SUNBEAM ;CYCLES, BAYLISS, THOMAS, AND CO., EXCELSIOR CYCLES, ROVER CYCLE CO., ROYAL ENFIELD CYCLE CO. All the above makes will be on view at SHOWROOMS, CROSS LANE. REPAIRS OF ALL KINDS, AND IL/WHINES BUILT TO ORDER °utile Premises by sic:l.d ilde .hanies who have been "Egaloyed for some years Building Cycles for MESSRS. RUDGE-WHITWORTH LTD. ,?.:,tetners may depend upon their orders being Cuted in a first-class manner and at moderate `"kuget. HANAGINO PARTNER AND DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE : MR. H DUTTON.

WHITSUNTIDE: HOLIDAYS. OOL AND GLASGOW, Calling / LIURGPRBBNOCK, weather and circum- stances permitting OWL AND BEAR Or other Steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). MAY AND JUNE. PROM LIVERPOOL FROM GLASGOW Clarence Dock and by train from Glasgow South-West Side. (Central station) to Greenock at 5,21 p in. Tuesday 24th. 12 noon Friday 20th. 2 p in Saturdcv 28th, 3 p m" Thursday 26th, 2 p in Friday 3rd, 9 p m Wednesday Ist, 2 p m *6 p in Prince's Landing Stage. ORDINARY Falizs.—Cabin (single), 10s. ; return (available for two months), 15s. ; steerage, (eagle) 55. • SPECIAL PAIRS ; —Cabln return (available for ten days). 12is 6d. ; Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through bookings in ;connection with Cheshire Lines between Warrington. Manchester. and Glasgow and Greenock. Re- turn tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MACIVBR Is CO., Managers Albert Square, Manchester, and Tower:Buildings, Liverpool.

ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. e.s. LAURENTIAN, for Quebec and Montreal...l'day 26th s.s. PARISIAN, for Quebec llnd Montreal... June 200 8.8. CARTHAGINIAN,for Quebec and Montreal June 9th to.s. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... June 16th 88. NUMIDIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... June 23rd 8.8. PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... June 30th Saloon Fares from £lO 10s. 2nd Cabin £7 ss, Steerage £5 Is. Through Tickets to all points at special rates. KLONDIKE.—Handbook, maps, rates, and full particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHER 9 & Co., 19, James- st., Liverpool; or 01, S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warring to n

' • WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL ~, .. ~\ MAIL STEAMERS. ff LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. BRITANNIC Wed., May 25. 1 "MAJESTIO Wed., June 1. Second Cabin will De carried on tne voyage merged thus* Steerage passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. Apply to Ism sir, Imniz, and CO., Liverpool sad 34, Leadenhall street, London 8.C..

T. BIRTLES, PHOTOGRAPHER. A, LEGII HOUSE STUDIO. THE LATEST smdis IN PHOTOGRAPHY. a CA.BINET PORTRAITS A SPECIALITY. LT, CHILDREN'S PORTRAITS ARE TAKEN INSTANTANSOUSLY.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN IRANCISOO, CANADA CHINA. JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at jr 01:IN WALKER AND k_/0,, ..ExAmINFR" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. W HITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA every WEDNES- -13 AL

JOHN WALKER AN 0 Co., 13ZA14- " EXAMINBE " OFFICE, _ WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR ADELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY STEAMENS from LIVERPOOL,

SPRING SHOW OF NOVELTI ES IN COSTUMES, COATSs KIR CAPES, &C. NOW ON AT I. ORD BROW. 1285 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67. RENSHAW STREET, LIvERPooL. HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND URNITURE DEALT(R. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes. Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Silver. Eleatro Plate, Overmantles. Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads, Dining Tables, Le. bs, ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions s,y this Establishment is unsurpassed for Style and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED.

• R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS CF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16e. LADIES' DRESS BASKETS From 241. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9e. 6d. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET, 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TEETH.-A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2. 6d. 10 year warranty. SAM WOODS, Rsq , M.P., says in his testimon at "They are a perfect fit, exceeding comfortable, and ate a Credit to you.' . W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, BEWSEY-STIIERT, WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS.

OUR CHAINLESS SAFETY IS TEE MARVEL OF THE TRA.DB, SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN, both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITE D. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers • of the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or ORADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD., 691 BOLD STREET, L I V 11-R P 0 0 L.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT,

$6865 6 6 The above Statements of Account have beeen compared with the 08 Ice Books of Account, and otherwise examined, and we certify the same to be correct. VOISEY AND W ORTHINGTON, Chartered Accountants. Dated at Warrington, 14th March, 1868.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding flings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards pest free.—EUSTANCIi AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

BEE WARD AND BAILEY, - CHINA MERCHANTS. SHOP AND RESIDENCE: HORSEHARRET STREET, 45, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Orates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

WARRINGTON (EXHIBITION. AWAIIVD Omß. GOLD iMsEsTDAANLLAENyD, DR.IpP.LcO..MA. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES Pitted up on the Latest and Most Approved Principles. Estimates on Application. 18, PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

TAM O' SHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED ET THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, poet free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest ill the world to detach. Chief Depata and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND bAUNDBRSON, District manager. BetablishedglBsg.

KEATINGS' POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Pleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. Kills Pleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles. (Harmless to everything but Insects). Sold only in tins, 3d., 6d., and is. Only be sure you • do get " Keitlug's." FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS, FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

6(3P11°13- The celebrated effectuac HOOPING COUGH cure without internal me dieines. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 48. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents: BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London.

UPPER MERSEY NAVIGATION COMMISSION. REGISTERED OFFICES: RUNCORN. AN ACCOUNT OF RECEIPTS AND CHARGES ON REVENUE ACCOUNT FOR THE YEAR WITCH ENDED 31sr DECEMBER. 1897. , ' CHARGES AND PAYMENTS. RECEIPTS. 1 2 s. d. 2 s. d. COMPOSITIONS. DUES. TOT/L. Balance against Revenue, 31st 2 s. d. 2 e. 0. 2 s. d. December, 1898... 1046 110 Runcorn. Duke's Dock 258 4 0 721 3 5 Salaries and Wages Coal Interest on Borrowed Capital Income Tax 25 19 8 lncidentals 5 Warrington l6 19 0 T 8 9 Renewal and General Working Expenses Depreciation of Working Stock Sinking Fund 6O 0 0 Insurance (Plant and Stores)

_ HENRY COLLIER, Clerk.

• BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, HARROP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARNOP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTBS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR EASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE. HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

a ' ,o*-,. ,4kik, 1 BOROUGH OY 111. m. . ,-; W;tok4+, WARRINGTON. "Its. W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Twentieth Season. General Agent—Mr. wld. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON near Warrington.

L 001 TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to:dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK.

ONE THIRD OF YOUR LIFE Is SPENT IN BED. SIEEP ON OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-. WOOL BEDS, 10/9 PILLOWS, 1/3, ITAIR MATTRESSES, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES: 12/9. 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT Is. 61). All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GNARANTBED SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG BEDSTEADS, 13s. 11D.WIRE MATTRESS, Sc. 9n. BASSINIITTES AND MAILCARTS FROM 255. Note the Address : LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BFWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MAW SON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS. NEW SPRING WOOLLENS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HAIGH AND 00'S LADIES' Ay]) GENTLEMEN'S HACINTOSRES. • 351 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON,

HIGHUST AWARD AT Tii EXHIBITION. GOLD MI:DAL AND DIPLOMA. DAINTITH, GUN AND CYCLE DIANUFACTURER. SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES, ROPER, CENTAURS ARIELS, AND OTHER MAKES OF CYCLES. New Business Address:- 121, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"A 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER BEG LISH PATENT LEVNR WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to it fiat in the pocket, "FOR FIF XY SHILLINGS." This wat chic timedto a minnte, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- tide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. NB, Sent rest-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

' PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Caritas, Stack.oornere, Netting Curled-hair, 011 Sheeta, &c., &c. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, &c., fitted complete, 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all arocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d.. 10,1., and 10. Bd. each.' Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WAREING-TON ESTABLISHED 1833.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898. HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD AI EDAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND D ARBYSHIRE, FARMERS STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. FRESH MILE TWICE DAILY, SKIM MILK FROM 11 a.m. FRESH 13 UTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sires. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

DUTTON AND COLYER, (LATE SUTTON AND CO.) IRONI,-ONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. JIARKET-STRE ET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS on VIEW. THE SYSTEM OP SELLING EVERYTHING at SMALL PROFIT and oaly of GOOD QUALITY is am absolate rule at the shops of BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS. PHYSICIANS' PRESCRIPTIONS are PREPARED with the utmost care with PURE DRUGS of the best quality at all their establishments, and only chemists qualified by examination of Pharmaceutical Society are employed for dispensing. BOOTS I.JASII UHEMISTS, THE LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST RETAIL CHEMISTS IN THE WORLD. BOOTS, CASE CHEMISTS (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIETCRS. HEAD OFFICE—NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT. Managing Director. Local Addressee: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM. Ac.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. - A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELEC HON OF BOORS Is now b(lng offered by T. CLARKE, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCK AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent or 4s, in the Pound.

THE . BEANCO CYCLES " MANUFACTURED BY BAXENDALE & 'CO. MANCHESTER HANOVER•STEEET, EDIIBCR6H. PARADISE-STREET,? LIVERPOOL

THE HIGHEST KNOWN VALUE FOR MONEY IS SEEN IN / s dap Ai HOME, HO feLNA F GUINEA COSTUMES Selit,Proraitli by • arcel Past' Direct from the 'Largest Ff'riit of Costumiers in the World, and originators of Half-Guinea Costumes.

-5 .. \ _ -. , , •Vi. .7:*•:...,,,, , '.., c ~‘\, ,:. f,*m.-- • ;if 0 ~,\11,..i -,,,.4... • *, :ri„ //1111. 0 .---,--,,v., : _ . •, 3. 8 h ,g 1101/0411U11:- -:- -__•.-- -_,....--__ -,-.-- 11111.1.MA1 / ' t , vAlfl 4 t •,*1 • , . / 1,• , The 6 ' Curragh' Costume. MODEL .c.",- _ . 1 f lir lice m dlor .4, ,•:'\4, , /ØI Mourning ; z , tl / \ . ,V 5/• 4 r .... Mourning Orders ‘„,..•.„.1.- executed and despatched Within 12 ~,Iv•'l' , 4os. in the £. hours LAMES' OWN DESIGNS Vr't ` e.' JOHN NOBLE, LTD., have a heavy MADE UP by skilled Dressmakers a .. T. ' accumulation of REMNANTS of Dresb 6 in any kind of fabric at moderate ,0, :k„N.• : ,' . and other fabrics, all In good useful coat. fi ~,. W ''. ... • ' lengths the very thing for large families ABor of 1,000 Patterns of all ' `‘. '` " ' ' ' institutions, to. These Remnants ar, .• ' \l, '',,:' ins of Dress Goods lent to select „...s. , ~ being sent out in Ll BUNDLES. each to from an 4 mut carringe paid .......___forward. .4..; \\l ik\k‘s‘7.:...t..:•l t,, t,,,....,,,.., . contain In addition one superior lou I 4 "' 'I, "•-•' *34,4,', 1 I 11%)),. Dress Length fit for any Ladies' wear The Bundles are agreed to be worth 40 .s and even more. Price Ll only. Carriage ' N,•,.''X,•*.‘, ;q4I ' paid. ) ~' • , a - - ''Jl''''.- - • .`,..", •••" , , ',-• did ~ ' \ \ • i ~..,41,': , t Vire • „ - ''.k._,t,X, ,‘' , • ~...1.„ , .....'<i,,, 1111 Pali r . ,\•,,,::,:,-,4-,.,-.,,. - , I ir,,,v ,_•-•__ ,', 11„ _ \ _ .........AN-.,-- . I -„ ... . , '11) ~..- . _..-, ~. \ • - , „... THE JOliN NOBLE KNOCKABOUT '4: 4, N FROCK. The' St. Helier' Costumiret. f.t let .okBorliwrtituff.DYE"'Wt6ul'4B..d.L'eg 271;1 1.1. d:r YG gi ral : m e il t 1 \ \ A - 4' ' ee tbwmot:th r I . i 4 4 \ ~ \ I .. , ?), , , , ',.... -,----' /' ---------,7;....,•'' folk Design. Model

BANKHRS : "London and Midland" Bank, Ltd.

PATTERNS of the Two Clothe in which these Costume are made SENT POST FREE to all who nem this paper toe. ther with the New Illustrated 81 page Fashion Catalogue to Ladies and Children and need not be returned. A. FULL DRESS LENGTH of either cloth (6 yards 52 Inches wide) 7/6 for 7/6. Carriage Sd.

Htndly name the " Warrington Examiner " when ordering from JOHN NOBLE LTD., BRmoioLKus,T. MANCHESTER.

ENGLISH PATENTS.-LAN CA SHIRE+. A ea The following patents amongst others were all)r-i to for, and published in the Official Journal ot Paten during the week ending May 7tb, 1898 1001, Alfred Griffiths, Manchester, for "Improvements relA", ing to workman's time checking and recorcli7 machines."-3rd May, 1898. 10073.—F. W. Forkingt; far " Improvements in gloves."-3rd May. 10185. "e, D. Grimsbaw, Accrington, for" Improvements in or rle, biting to furnaces."—kb May. 10241.—J, Faredo Rochdale, for "Improvements in and relating to hool, tor cranes, ropes, and the like."-sth May. 10280.1,1 r J. Mann, for "improvements in or relating to meat?„',. humidifying the air in a room or space."-sth .056/,:r 10351.—J. Elawkyard and J. Braddock, Olohato. ' Improvements in gas regulators."-6% Mar. 10,; ' J. Bowden, Oldham, and J. Walker, Bolton, tor " to provementsM spinning yarn for cotton and other 812,r's. substances in and apparatus theretor."-7th Doti 10485.—E, Mitchell, Winten, for "Improved apparnot far rocking cradles and the like.-7th May, 1898.---PLJ supplied by George Davies C. 8., and Son, Coates` Patent Agents, St. Ann's-square, Manchester.

THE NEW LEMONADE. 2 GALLONS FOll 40. Many people suffer from extreme thirst during the hot weather. Messrs. Foster Clark and CO. have supplied the want that has so long been felt by snaking b concentrated lemonade, setdob I. far more economical than the ordinary lemonade. It is made from the finest lemons. and the great advantage/is that it is partly menu' lectured in Italy. In the midst of the lemoll orchards. The lemons are taken direct from the trees to the factory to commence their trensfor- mation Into the Eiffel Tower Lemonade, you can get thirty-two tumblers (or two gallons) tor fourpenee halfpenny. It you cannot get it from your grocer, send sixpence to G. FO-TER CLARK AND Co.. NO. 594 EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY. MAIDSTONP. manufacturersof Femur, Toter -.nrcil)j/

i To yonmaa.—Alre. Wilnitilow's Soothing Syrup bee been used over fifty years by million; of mothers for their chil- dren while teething with perfect sumo's. It wilt relieve the poor eufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste : it pro- duce, natural quiet steep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes l• as bright as a button." Of all l Lehemista Is. lid. perlbuttle.—Adet.

▪ HS. PRESTON. Lynwood House, 27, Hiding-street, ▪ Hastbank-street, .touthport. Homely Apartments, ant good cooking.

iv I RS. WILKINSON, 29. Balmoral-road, SS., Blackpool. 111. Near S. Shore Statism, trami and pier, good sea view, public and private APARTBIJINTS with or without board. Piano, bath.

DOUGL .-151(r3 E ViTHIOL Pemberton House, 5, Empress-drive, Castle El ona,sea views ; private sitting- rooms at moderate terms; tea, bed, and breakfast from 3s. 6d., trams pass drive.

--- WHLFII HILLS. 21 miles from Nannerch Station. Com- fortably IPURNiSHELi det4ohe4 cottage; two bed- rooms; three beds ; piano; lovely views and bracing sir ; 21 weekly.--Saaw, Rhes-y-cee, Holywell.

ilottls, 311obrofS, Zoariung 05tab5. - QOUTHPORT. SIIMSYSIDE HYDRO.—Physician, DR BARNAIIDO, desirable Winter Iles!donee, one of the handsomest b 11 lugs in iouthport ; centrally situated; replete with every comfort; fine Sea view. near Narks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from Ts. 61. per day, Including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths, Massage and Galvnism- ---7. Boonomr, Proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, BOSTON SQUASH- HOMY COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL OR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

HOTEL-BEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORM CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW CA RPH TS, FURNITURE, RBUP- -- TIOLSTBEING, or NEATAIT,NG of OLD ERODING. Jto. Designs and Patterns Sent on Appliostion. Note Address,—CHARLIIS SOUTHORN t CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, EASNRTT-STRBAT. LIVREPOOL. Telephone, No. 6367.

ILLIRISSIT BU sums ; stock and fixtures cheap ;bop 1 road baseinnt, (going into wholesale) —Unxsit, 94. Oldham-road, id ohest-m. I litleriliSS to lan Disposed of throtigh lil- t./ health ; good window ; cheap rent:—For partied:ars. Apply. 13, PAM-ROAT,, LINCTr.OOI. LD-BSTABLISHED Staliomny, Newsageney, and Toy BIMINESS YOH DISPOS L ; main thoroughfare ; good living accommodation • stack and ;basin s bargain.— 1,73. GT. JAMSON-STBMT, fLIMe. 15.1alletleSter.

A onzaa WANTSD. to pusb First-class atdOHLNSSY la. OILS. Liberal Oornmfision—Box 31. POST OFFICE. LiVerpool, ' TOBACCONISTS Commencing. - See hid. Guide (259 .1. pages) 3d. Tobaccionists' Outfitting C0.,196,8u5t0n-rd., London. Hairdressers fitted. Vstimatesfre9.—Vlfr. 'by trustworthy curried -couple (no family) VT ILAIVAGSSIENT qt medium size Farm, Or any poi. tion ottrnst. Excellent references. Aliress D.J. Penliern Farm, Lianas's, near Holy well, ,

PElCKETH.—Cottaires 4s. 9d., 3a. Bd. and 2s. Bd. per week. 20, PEROT INTHISET, rent 53. Bd. 88, HOYLE STREET, rent 3s. 9d. 19, RHHOIC STE HET, rent 48. 6(1. • 94, HOYLE! 5 Tit HET, rent 3e. 9d. 33, CATHERINE STREET. rent 4c 25, rima STREET: rent 33. Gd. gpply ROBERT Lown Hstate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street. War- rington. Telephone—No 55.

P OP OFFICES TO BE LW, Queen-street. Harlin- " town; central , suit professional man ; rent £l5 ; also lock-up Shop. roomy, rent £l4,—Apply H. KOVIAATIC, 124, Devonshire-road, Chorley.

DRIDGE STRHET (So. 16).—OFFICES OR BUSINESS PREMISAS TO LW:. over shop and fronting to and with separate entrance from Bridge Street. —For further par- ticulars apply to H. L. JoHNsoN, Batas Agent, StC•• 67, Lord" street, Liverpool.

EVERY MAN SUIFERING from Nervous and Pnysical Debility should send for a valuable pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent oure. bent seated, post free. Address— E. NORTON, 69, & 60 Chancery Lane, London, W.C. Estanlisheci .30 Years.

G. H.. AND H. M. eIfAcKsDN, 61, Cimiwa STREET, GREAT SALE. WARRINGTON. GREAT SALT; REGARDLESS OF COST. MUST BE CLEARED, Payments taken MEN'S COATS FROM 2s. 3D, „ TROIJEItS FROM I. 6.0. .. VESTS F

Payments taken YOUTHS' COA S PROM 2S. OD. TROUSERS PROM PP VESTS FROM 9D.

A LARGE VARIETY OF BOYS' CLOTHING ALWAYS ON SALE. Payments taken WOMEN'S DRESSES FROM 2. OD. SKIRTS FROM l5. OD. „ BOOTS PAIR ls. 6D

A Great Etock of Wool Shawls, Blankets, Quilts, Sheets. at Coit Price. Payments taken, Don't forget the Address, 61, CHUROLI STREET, WARRINGTON.

20s. A R3Ops sa. ;.vinklcaititst7Tesrud. okn. ittl: :toco put nga.l" .07,6,3.- /cc.—Write JAMES FOSTER, Maker, Friargate, Preston. LIAIItHENWARIi and China.—Seconds £2 Crate: Bests .IC.I £3 ; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 175. 6d. ; write for JAS.—WEBB AND CO., titaffordslaire Potteries, Longt,on.

PNEUMATIC SAFETY 455. 6d., LADY'S Jr 655. 63., Cushion 30s. SOLID SAFETY, lbs. 6d. Bargains.— M AKINS, 32, Reginald-road, Forest Gate, London.

P ILES.—Hundreds succeasfally cured by lASLIB ILItS. Well north a 'pound a box. Sold at is.; post free is. Id ;by Chemists or Proprietor.—SPEDDlNG, Bone- setter, Battey.

EIOOHOW I make £lOO yearly certain from co H . ens kept In abeolute confinement." Anyone can do it. Patiophlet showinc• method, le. Id.—ROGER., 69, George-street, Oxford.

Dao r ECT YOUR SEEDS and FRUIT.—Use good GARDEN NETFING, Moo for Fowl Runs, Pigeon Flights, As., 100 yards es.. 2 cards wide ; approval.—OlLL, flempsted-terrace, Ashford, Kent.

IYCLES.—CIAIARANCB SAL P, 1897 P.titerns. Humbert ‘,../ ; £l3 ; New ltapids, ,a,14 103 ; Lady's Cycles, each ;us ual price £l.: 38 ' • bargains. Return railway late twd to buyers.- JENNLNGS, 57. .Deansgate, Man- chester. S. ONN GROSS.-144 PILLS is.—Oae Cross of any of th, _L folluvriag Little Liver, Anti-bilious, Head and btorsach, Beaud, Compound Ithubard, or Steel and Pennyroyal Pille, coated, will be seat post free for P.O. Is. by LEsTEß,Chetnist, Nuneaton.

.t STROLOGY :—Your FUTURE FORRTOLD, MAR- RIAGIS, Future Partner Described, Children, Jour- neys, Legacies, Ru,ing Planet, dtc. Send Date of Birth. 12 Stamps and Stamped Envelope,—Mr. ',lsms, 69. George- street, Oxford.

A STROLOGY :—Your PUTIIRB FORBTOLD. MAR. Children, Changes in Circumstances. Jour- neys. Legacies dm. Send Date of Birth. 12 Stamps and Stamped Envelope.—Mr. COLE, 30, Cheltenham Place, Brigh- ton, Sussex.

44 iIIOiIiCODIR YOUR OWN MASTRR."—Three valuable 1.) TRACI; RRUIPRI3 is. Tri. Can be made at your home at small cat but yield gad profits. Write at once and commence for yourself; geuuine.—llAßßY, 3 Albezt, Terrace, Howley, Warrington.

TANNED GARDEN NETTING.—Protect your strawberry 1_ bed,, fruit and seeds from the ravages of birds. Nets oiled and dressed, 36 square yards for Is. ; can be sent any width or length; cArriage paid on order; over 65.—DANRY ROBINSON, Garden Net Works, Rye,Sussex.

TO ALL WHO SUFFER 1?13011,1 PlLES.—Madam I. Saseha s Remo lass always been most SUCCESSFUL in England and Abroad. Sufferers are QUICKLY RELIEVED. In Boxes Is. 6d. and is. 6d. Carriage paid.—MADAM A.SCH.A, Kimberley house, Walton, Liverpool.

II{II3.IAR. AN INVALUABLE OINTMENT for Eczema P and all ERUPTIONS of the SKIN ; not only does it TOUCH THR SPOT, but rapidly removes all Blotches, and leaves no SCAR. It is highly recommended. In boxes Is. Id. and 2s. Carriage paid.—Manast SABOILA, Kimberley House, Walton, Liverpool. 66k -A RDEN NETTING."—Good and strong. well oiled and dressed, mesh made to keep smallest birds from Buda, Blooms, and Seeds in the ground. Price 100 by 1 yari wide. as. 2 y ards wl4a. 68. ; 3 yards wide, 9s. Carriage paid ordersorer ss. in value. Any length and width SUP ; nee in tha Royal gardens.—A. POTTER. Wolverhamp ton.

puns for GARDBN AND FARM,vlolas all best varieties 111 cultlsatiun is. dozen, 12 Exhibition Fancy Pansies, true to narae, 2s. Pink Slime Pendula, Blue Forget-me-not, mixed Sweet Williams, strong plants Is. dozen. Scotch Cabbage 53.1.000 Cash with order. 2s. fld.value Carriage Paid. B.I3RIADREAD AND Box, Woeldale Nurseries, Thowobridge. Huddersfield. 111111ROTECT YOUR GARDENS from RAVAGES of BIID3 . --TANNISD NRTTING, 35 square yards for is. Will not rot if l'-ft out in all weathers ; send any width; carriage paid on all orders over 58. cla supplied to the Royal Gar- dena. Sent on approval. hundreds of testimonials. Common netting. 50 square yards for ls.—From HY. J . Gassom. Garden Net Works. Rye, Sussex.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. monET.L.I7 and 18. Great SLAndrew-st.,Bloomsburf, W.C. Cheapest House I London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame andßoomn Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings.&c. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Beguding. Speseial attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just put.- lished. 107 pages containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram 14A BB R 7. London."

THNTS.—Cost the Government over LB each. Made of Pure -1 White Waterproof Linen, 'lamely used. 43ft circumfer- ence, lOtt high, with poles. pegs, runners, lines, mallet, and bag, &c Including the very latest io,provements to stand all I climates and weather; very adaptable for cricket, tennis. bathing, Mhing, camping-out lawns, boating parties, &c.; all complete and ready for use. Price 30s. each, carriage paid ; these are all picked tents and are as good as new ; special quotations tor three or more ; can be sent on approval; two supplied Buckingham Palam ; catalogues of marquees free ; also genuine testimonials for reference. ARMY GROUND RUBBHR BHHB S. 6ft by 3ft ; indis;,ensable when camping out, 4s each Can be used with the tents.—A. POTTER, Tent lianufa2turer. Melbourne Works, Wolverhampton. Maker to the Queen and Prince of Wales.

_ YTHAII.--BOARDING SCHOOL for GIRLS; 43, WESTBY-STREET. Careful training. Highest references. MISSES MILES. I-MC.ISM sovrooL.—POULTON-Lli-FYLDIC VT 3 miles from Hi-1(141),A. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Reident Envlibh and il'orehtn certificated governesses. Vhiting, masters. Principal.— ri Ufa ROGERSON. Governess- Pupil wanted.

TRINITY COLLEGE, HARROGATE. Head Master —Mr. J. P. HUG fißb . Assisted by Nine Resident and Visiting Masters. Thorough training for professional and mercantile pursuits. 22 passed out of 26 in the last Cambridge Locals. Next term begins May 3rd.

• OSENEATH, WREXHAM, N. WALES, HIGH-CLASS 1., SCHOOL FOR GLiLLS.—Prineiplis : MISS EVANS and MISS JONES, assisted by Miss Eveline Iredale, 8.A., Frflullen Thumm, and others. First class Maar,ers. Splen- did modern mansion, standing ix four ;tares (0 ; two tennis lawns, school library, gymnasium, perteot Good modern methods. Every attention paid to iibe health and comfort of pupils. Very successful in ex ions. For terms and prospectus, apply as above.

UGGS, SPITING EGGS from eplendld pone of Black Minoreae, No. 1 pen 3e. 6d No. 2 pen 28. 61. Black Red Game 3e. per eltting.—Jose.PH CHIC,TER, ilia., Bow Green, Bowdon.

14140t5.-48. 6d. per Sitting; Carriage paid ; [lnfertile LI replaced; Indian Game, White Leghorn, Buff Orp,ng- ton. Langehan Minorca, Buff Cochin, Light Brahma*, Houdanc—Apply, HAMILTON LODGE, Ballerina.

EGGS FROM PRIZR FOWLS, Black Minoreas, White Legborns, Plymouth Rocks,Light Brahmas B S.C. Orp- ingtons, Ils.,dezen, or 7s for two First Cross, especially for laying Purposes 2s. Inspect on of Stock Invited.—MßS. OLIVER, Halewood near Liverpool.

141 GIGS.—Grand Pens, (Prize Strains), ROCKS, ORPING- Li LIGHT BRAHMAS, SILVBR WYANDOTTES, Houdans, Minorca% Buff and White Lekhorus, Ayles- bury Ducks, 3s. per dozen ; Buff Cochins and }1 uff Orping- t ons, 3s. 6d. ; Mammouth Turkeys. 8d each; Incubators, 70 ecks 30s. ; Grit Smashers, 3s.—J. G. Powssr...r., bixamiths Farm, Sankey.. Warrington.

1,-41G48 FROM THE FINEaT SPECIMENS and most ea• traordinary layers ever mated. My birds have grass runs. II ga can be had at once; Houdans, Minorcas, Whitt, Leghorn', White, Gold and buff Wyandottes, Buff Rocks, Buff Orpington,lndian Runner and Aylesbury Ducks, 2s Ed. sitting Cambridge Bronze Turkey.; Cross Enabdeu-Toulou se Geese,eggs 8d each, carefully packed ; unfertile replaced spection of stock Invited. —Joust ROE, PullitOn-le-Fyide.

EGGS k dITTING.—In returning Thanks to my Li patrons tot t keit- cuntldence placed In me last season, I may say that from ports that have come to me my eggs gave general satisfactc and I shall do my best again this season. I have Black Minocras. Blue Andalusians, liou ,ans, Red Caps. White Leghorn., Brown Legkorns, Indian Game, Buff Cochins, White Brahmas, Langshans, Black Orping- tons, Light Brahman, Plymouth Rocks, and three pens of crosses—Buff Orpington cock, Brown Leghorn Buff Cochin hens ; White Leghorn cock, with Light Brahma hens ; Dorking cock, with Indian Game Orpington hens, for table fowl. Also Ducks—Rouens, Aylesbury and Indian runners. All eggs one price (save Indian Game) 2s. 6d. per sitting to them that fetch their own eggs ; 3s. 'raked put on rail ; Indian game 43. All unfertile eggs replaced, but not addled eggs. The farm is five minutes walk from Loa-ton St. Mary's Station (H. S. &L. 11).—Address HENRY DRAPER, Poultry Breeder, Mather-lane. Lowton, Newion-le- Willows. Is o business done on Sundays.

£150,000 1 to be _tDVAfrl,lo&D3l onPER M MORTGAGE G s,CAIS to suit BORROWNII6 in any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READER, 6, Cook-et., Liverpool, Telephone 6,182.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. lIONRY LENT PAVATELY TO FARMERS, )11. TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and ()the s, in sums a £lO up to £5.0. ON BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arraug-d Ito meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Aczoun- tant„2o. Kennedy-street, Manchester, Established 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK C OR PORATION-STREET, MASUD E Tl:f ft. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Payable by easy instalments, or in ene sum at a fixed period at rea,onable rates of ioterest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Reversions,and Life Policies. No preliminarr fees oharged.—Apply to Mit. RICHARD WOOD, Manager. WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. R. JOHN B. GOODWIN contitmes to make ADVANCK IY.L PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-meo, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. .routar TO INCREASE YOUR SLOCIL. HONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. moNzy TO PAY RENT OR DEBra, Without Bondsmen, without delay, without nubile entpUry, In your simple written premise to pay back.—Apply at VIC, TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRING-TUN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN' ue..l Dlatrict aenerally receive precisely the same attention.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon Promissory Notes, Deeds, Policies. Shares, ac.., at the following scale of charges :- 210 repayable be. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. £5O ~ 20s. £3 83. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repaym.nt arranged If desired. Bills discounted. Further psiticulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposlt accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2i to 4 per cent. per annum payable half yearly.

_FIELDING'S LIMITED. LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Bstabliehed over 60 years. LOANS £3 TO £5OO. DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life ACIEVIr an 29 Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l6 repayable 7/6 per wk. V) , . 2/6 „ £2O ~ 10/- „ 210 „ 5/- ~ £25 ~ 12/6 Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADS WORTH, District Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121. MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON

NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY PEES. MONEY—absolutely without Bill of Sale, Publicity, or i Fees, from one month to live years. TH E NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS-STREET, Established 1872. MANCHESTS it. Capital. £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at , the end of a stated p.riod. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge r relirninarr or inquiry fees, and the usual objeetional Loan , Office routine is entirely disrensed with. I Apply in strictest confidence to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, Resident Manager. NOTIL—SPECIALLV ADVANTAGEOUS TERMS for LOANS on LIFE IMURANCE POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND MoRTGAGES, NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES. • MONEY LENT PRIVATELY. A PRIVATE GENTLEMAN, having a considerable sum of uninvested money at his disposal, is prepared to advance the same to all respectable and responsible Persons in any part of England or Wales, in sums ol not less than £lO to 21000 on Borrowers own SIMPLE WRITTEN PROli ISE TO REPAY. without sureties or security. No Delay. No Lew Coots. THE STRICTEST PRIVACY IS GUARANTEED and, if desired, a written undertaking will be given to this effect. Advances also made on Mortgages and reversions at low rates of Interest repayable by easy instalments, or In one sum to suit the Borrower's convenience, or. if desired, the Capital can remain as long as the interest is paid. For full particulars (free of charge), apply personally or by letter (stating amount required) to. MR. W • TE WART, 2, COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER'

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of tlking nauseous and mysterious Prescriptions and c.oin pounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive °mins write to me and I will send you a ok which deseribes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakness, so., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINB, NO ELEC- TRICITY. Sent in envelope on receipt of two stamps for Postage. A. J. LEIGH, sq 2-93. Great Ruseell-str et. London. W.O

Harness, Horse Clothing, and General Saddlery. MONDAY. TUESDAY, AND VVEDsESDAY IslExT. MAY 23rd. 24th, and 25th, at the Merl', 37, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCSESTER, at 11 each day. MR. WILLIAM ELLIS, will SELL BY AUCTION a Manufacturer's Stock of HARNESS, lioßsn CLOTHING, and GENERAL SADDLERY. Catalogues en application. BY MESSRS THOMAS SUTTON AND SONS.

VVINWICK NEAR WARRINGTON. VALUABLE LEASUHOLD PROPERTY AT WINWICK. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MESSRS THOMAS SUTTON AND SONS, at the BLUE BELL INN, HORSHMARKET•STREET, WARRINGTON, on Wednesday tho first day of JUNE 1293 at Four o'clock in the afternoon punctually, subject to con- ditions of sale to be then and there produced All those eleven DWELLING-HOUSES and one HOUSE and SHOP situate on the easterly side of the high road lead- ing from Warrington to Winwick, and being adjacent to the Longferd Hotel, in tie repective occupations of Messrs. Mill- ington, Bailey, Mason and others as tenants. The house and shop are in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Sumner and let at a rental of £l6 per annum the tenant paying rates. Gross rental £159 per annum. The property is new and substantially built and Is fully tenanted. It is within easy distance of Warrington and Winwiek. Contents 2226 square yards or thereabouts. The Tenure is Leasehold for a term of 999 years from the 25th day of MA.RCII, 196 subject tea yearly ground rent of £l3 18s 3d. For further paiticnlars apply to the Auctioneer., Legh- street, or to MESSRS. OREENALL AND BUCKTON, Solicitors. Warrington.

Telephcne No. 5.e: •:, ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, Begs to announce that he has removed his ()feces to the more convenient premiere • NO. 1, BANK STREET, The' Ground :Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

DR. J. C OLLIS BROWNE'S CRLORODYNE. TNT ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. ("1 H LORODYN E is admitted by tlie Profes;ion-to kJ be the most wonderful and valuable remedy over dis- covered. CIILORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. f—IHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests kJ those too often fat ii diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. INILORODYNe; acts like a charm in Diarrhcea V and the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CHLORODYNB effectually cuts abort all attackt of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Pallitation, and Spasms. fIHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural gia, Rheumatiem,Gout, Cancer. Toothache, Meningitis Ac. FLOM Dr. B. 7. POITLTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have mule pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and 'attn. tion In whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It indueea a feeling sf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to all other aedatived ; thxt it leaves no unpleasant after effects. Posßess this great advantage over •• Earl Russell commullicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's i'lonsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLOIW- DYNIC."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864, CACI lON.—BEWARF: OF PIRACY AND I MITA- CAUTIoN.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. Comas Essowisa wet', undoubtedly, the inventor of OHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue. which he regretted to say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid., 25. 9d., and 45. 63, None la genuine without the words "OP.. .1 COLLIS BROWNE'S CIILOROGYNE "on the Gove:nment Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS :--J. T. D4VEN PUNT. 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury. Lolvion

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET, Adjoining, the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Station THE OLDEST RSTABLISHED RESTUA.RANT in the Town. GREAT DEMAND FOR CYCLES t PLACE YOUR ORDERS AT ONCE!!

COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. TEAS. TEAS Unequalled fee PURITY', FRAGRANCE STRENGTH. LEADING pßicvs. 1/2, 1/4, 1/6 & 1/8 PER LE. THE BEST VALUE OFFERED. HAMS. HAMS. COOPER AND C. ARE THE FINEST PROCURABLE. FROM 6. PER LB. COOPER AND CO.'S reputation for High- Class GOODS is known all over the kingdom, and they never offer any GOODS of inferior qtagit7 to allow them to quote apparently low prices. Fully Detailed Price Lists Free. Central Warehouses— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, A.ND LONDON, AND BRANCHES ALL OVER THE KINGDOM. Local' Branch 4, BUTTERMARKET-STBEET. WARRINGTON.

ebe eyaminer " )I.rteg OP LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY N2WMPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- ./ fished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE 81. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, putlished every Satur- day morning, and rrHE Widnes Examiner, published every atairday 1. morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Si Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 OB, 6d. Is. 3d. 21. Od 27 N. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Oci. 36 ls. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. lid. 45 ls. 33. ... 3s. ld. 6s. 061. 64 ls. 63. ... 3s. Sd. 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise 6nent inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

DARKEN THE HAIR when turning ow. with Condy's Fluid. "I recommend Coady's Fluid as a hair stain," The Lady's Pictorial. SOLD EVERMERE, 8 oz. 1/-, 20 oz. 2/- insist °n " CONDY'S FLUID." buying

muNyoN ,S IMPROVED HOMEOPATHIC R""E-MEDIES • • Munyon's Rheumatism Cure st,ldom fails to relieve In Munvon's Asthma Remedies r.lhve in fire miantelli one to three hems, and cures in a few days. Price One and eure in a few days Price. Four Shillings. Shilling. Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure cures all forms of indP • Manyoree Cold Cure prevents pneumonia, and WOO' gestion and stomach tr.ubles. Price one Shilling, up a cold in a few hours. Price Oae Shilling. Munyan's Liver Cure corrects he,dache, biliousness, Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs, night swig* jaundice, constipation, and all liver diseases. Price allays soreness, and speedily heals the lunge. Price One One Shilling. Shilling. Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures pains in the Munyon's N,Tve Cure reitures overworked andoWee back, loins, or groins, and all focus of kidn..y disease. strained nerves to a healthy condition. Price Ontb Price One Shilling. Shilling. • Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all impurities of the Munyon's ileadache Cure stops headache in tbrefl blood. Price One Shilling. minutes. Price One Shilling. unvon's Vitalizer, imparta rv•se vigour to weak Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures all forme of Price Four Shlllings. piles. Price One Shilling. A separate o,ure for each disease. At all Chemists. Mostly one Fhilling• a vial. Persmal letters to Prof. Muly on, 121, Shaftesbury-avenue , London, W. C. answered with free medical advice tor any disease.

FRODSHAM Y ST. HELENS 'A?'—Played at Frodsham on Saturday. Score : , FRODSHI.II, ST. HELEN "A." Norris Jones b Crompton 2 Shaw et oke Linaker ...... 2 Ashton b Crompton .... 4 Crompton lbw b Holford 8 Boston b Glover Rev C Colson b Glover 4 Glover a Halford b Morgan 4 H H Linaker a Newton b Kershaw a Halford b H H Crompton l6 Linaker CEI Linaker a Newton b Newton bII II Linaker 2 Glover Morgan run out l3 Burrows a Jones b Morgan 0 Dr F J Selby a Rudd b Rudd not 0ut.... .............. 0 Kershaw Raiford not out Price and Fennerley did not bat Extras Total B3 Total ....... .... 25 , _

IQuality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- sco:-,e. Makes a cup in a moment.

1 r............ 1 , ‘ :.;6tlg rrrrrr. 2 1-1 1 * ----;:i......"7 _ , (...r/§lll ........„. .. :::... —• j 1 Ricgiaa--.. tzsza' ri_ ii,....... ... .... -$.- - . 1 , 1 'l' ----., —1 r,---7,,,,,,, /6 I , i ORGAP BOtk t , k 7 7 i . .

Jiwm and F R moest interesting eve! • ntu e hpublished. Tells afl Fmrst. ~Cheapest. B ilmterneisasawm, pest al? 0 Organs. • Write for it mid save money. 36 YEARS' REPUTATION. Every Organ sold at Factory Price. No dealers. Address: J. H. OSBORNE. norm No 9 36, Farrlngwow St., London, E. 3., or CORNISH & CO., WASHINGTON, N.J.. U.SA.

LADLES trDISPEISIBLE TO LADIES! Pudelllad, . those who desire a quick, safe and reliable and non-injurious remedy for all obstructions and irregularities, a medi- Cine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady Seed despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your Invaluable remedy took immediate effect; In less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of Inisery and hopelessness.', A. properly certified luarantee is enclosed with testimonials and medicine. "le package at 4/6 is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- lars and proofs. I will fotfeit £2,000 if the testi- tnonials are not genuine.* Thousands of unsolicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by showy advertiseme-ts and other so.called remedies Which are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations, Novica.—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have the largest sale in 1112 cnti: e world, being the oldest and Only harmless ine izine of its kind for ladies, and Cures more patients in one month than all other Female Remedies put together in twelve months. This can be proved by our Testimonials. M you require more particulars, I will send you per return of post, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid Book (34 pages) and Guide cloth covers, to pages and 40 illustrations of Ladies App 'lances), and full particulars O f the wonderful effective remedies as advertised :old in every town and village in Great Britain. sooultations Free every day 3to 7. Established oyes years. 1)0 not delay, but write at once privately to oB,ADAME,FRAIN,. Institute, Hackney Road, London; E. 4 (OPlar.-"e Shoreditch Church.)

kLv YOU A BAD LEG wiT. wiainds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps surro inunded with infla motion and swollen, that when b,...1("4 Press your linger on the inflamed part it leaves the kn- ell-751°n ? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies the remedies you have tried, which it not extracted, you bever can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. ;?rtiaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; same with the ankles' round which the skin may be die- or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to arinue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may k._ o attended various hospitals is di ipid medical advice, and told your case Is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- fl; hit do not, for I CiN CURE YOU. I don't say : but I WILL. Arcause others have failed Is no qiark for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order Isms 5-6 d. to C. W. ALBERT, 73, FARBINGDON-STREET "lON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which Is a e. a'n remelts for the cure of Bad Legs 40u. 1 Bunions. et, Ulcerated Solute, Carbuncles, P9tsnei lan

IMPORTANT TO YOU. .lassin has sufft,red for years with a weakness that notts his life and robs him of all his pleitsures ; when, Years of doctoring with all sera of patent medicines, hi,..^flits at lizst th,l right treatment, which brings back to the power and energy that seetned lost for ever, that should have every teia in ti be thankful. MRDICAL T,IWISH (93 Pages) on WS scientific and Fen successful method for the rarcd and permanent cure of 5°,411 Debility and the kindred physical and ervous liZicets, also on Diseases of tile Skin. Bladder, Blood, and e-41'7 System may re obtained by post, in nVelope, on l;Ckt ot 4 Stamps, by writing today to MESSRS. V"INSON AND CO., 3 AND 4, FITZALA.B-SQUABB, PIBLD. Y Married and single in.tn should avail himself of se2POortunity to secure a coov of this valuable book, which Z?ngilly explains the different ailments arising from eas worry and their rapid and permanent cure. zver, SEALFD. 'ADDRBSS— Messrs. WILKINSON 8c CO ritzalan Square, Sheffield. 1830 (68 YBARS.)

THE GREAT ttElkiEll Y. gita 1.14 A g Pito 0r473 0 rila rr 4 _m* PILLS -- IP.TrCI-7",411-ittintetndil LU ALIA u ii q ' rutilial . Sure Ss e an 4":74ir. 1. 1. ii 28.94.b0x.

- ............ . FREE SAMPLES I I ASTHMA FREE SAMPLES of "ZEICITONE ISTEIDIA POWDER & CIGARETTES Win be sent, prepaid, together with Medical Testimonials of Radical Cures by 0. IEPN'YIU flia SO, Great Russell Street, WV., London. SUPERIOR TO ALL OTHER PREPARATIONS. GREAT TRIUMPH. WARNER'S SAFE CURE FOR KIDNEY AND URINARY DISEASES. Prescribed by Physicians OF ALL Countries. bISTINGUISHED PROOF OF MERIT. The only remedy which cures BRIGHT'S DISEASE. "Look to your Kidneys and Good Health will be Yours." Send for Pampfnet and Diet Rules to— H. H. WARNER & CO., ea, Clertenwell Road, Leaden, ICA Price 2/9 and 416 Per bottle.

t*gDa4"3tlW"l4*it4l4=,,,mri AIIEMENIUMMIMEnummew is not only a specific. It is more. It im- proves nutrition and enables the system to (1 resist the cough. If you are susceptible to coughs, colds, bronchitis and similar ailments, you cannot say you are well, for you are not. You need Scott's Emulsion. In Scott's Emulsion you find cod-liver oil, ' hypophosphites and glycerine in a form agree- - able to take and easy of digestion. TASTE SCOTT'S AND YOU WILL TAKE NO OTHER. SCOTT & BOWNE, LTD., LONDON, E.C. ALL CHEMISTS. 2/6 AND 4/6. {) MitZMUMXIMADattaZt%

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS o,:ge 1311ious and tierstous Disorders, SUCH AS HEADACHE, INDIGESTION DIZZINESS, PALPITATION, WEAK STOMACH, ske. MAY BE TAKEN WITH PERFECT SAFETY BY THE INVALID, THE YOUNG and THE OLD. LManufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendors.

PURE IRISH LINENr

IRISAgAMBRICKET HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti• tally embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN COLLARS. Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11per dozea ; made special to patter 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. Ph, NAPKINS, 2/6 and /6 per dozen. DINNER I''APKINS, 4/8 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, aid. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Hucltaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH TwEED, aallndPurstyeleWoopl.leaUsnessaurypaifssfeodr fLoardSietsr,enogtr .Ij, D entsu,rarbility , PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 201- CARRIAGE PAUL G, R MUTTON. a CO.i. "..,LARNE, I xELAND. A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CYIEST, WITH a prudent use, his saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved npon and reduced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound quell as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we dud that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mySteriom, compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as test ad by many thousands of persuns, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be in cmi a 3 the best.—Observcr. COCKLE'S FREE FROM ME RC ANTIBILIO 43 OF PIJRE v EGETABLE INGREDIENTS. r)A L LASIII For BILE, LIVER ACIDITY, PjDIGF ', arc.

\ isi / ..:-/ '''..•,;:, x‘ , , T: i '....._: zr--____ -,....-.. -,...--- ':: 4' ORSETS• . , - , .4 ~.....,..,• •, 1,1:614-GRADE MANUFACTURES. * •,•N ....."^r, 1,- ECONOMIC IN PRICE. Zy _'-' '''• ~.' , _' It * IS .7ts V-1, Perfection of Shape. ?:,,t •-it, is.. Best Materials. : • v %e% , 4.44% 4. High-class Work. * British Manufacture. *, .t 4 ..,11 HUMUS "iillileta" BUSKS MID SUPPORTS. * i(4 * Various Shapes for all figures. We recommend Z(36 Black, 5/8 ; ze7 white. French Grey, or Putty. 5/6. If unable to obtain.write to W. Pretty & - Son, Ipswich, for illustrated list, and ' particalars as to where procurable.

II

REALD's DONKEY BRAND For Scouring and Cleaning. Blocks, 11.1 b. Weight. Sold by Leading Crocers, Oihnen, etc. Ideach, SOLE MANVFACTURERS: E. READ & SON, Manchester.

efearaieS 01.11 CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND MOBBING AM SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, Vli of all Chemists. BEETHAM &sop, Chemists, MELTE/MK

Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for their rich and delicious flavour. Sold in small and large bottles by Grocers in every town.

C--- ~.-:-.:5z.c5`7,,,, MAIM I. ':4.,..... . CD w ,i" ',f. 7/17.....,-, .111Irit''4.7 , y- - rs_ ‘s . aS,/ • YAer. •\ I ,7 ' .1' -• i , fii.„o, ‘ f*"l-i- titCl--;11 111:114 1 ma, II IRITAIN'S , it,sT , i i .- . • # lICYCLE. ...,,,.- - . i

, two 0e42.404:p0.e.e.04,5•04HD0ev0rpg : .Satisfactory alike to guest 9 and host is coffee made with; ; Symington';.,... Edinburgh Coffee Essence. Sold in small and large t 4 : .:bottles by. grocers everywht!re. S 3 . . ,s4gtoralaQo4;e.,e.c•avo-os;ul+s4.3+G ; ;

I 1 These tiny Capsules relieve st‘N Liz tvll D 1 Kidney Ell cl Bladder trouble .2.roicluart,..,,t,iiiihoeriyao are superior e rozsi t o the same diseases without iblpie,c:rus inconvenience ennacrne . e P;mitirsaPrZi by all Chemists, or post free 3/6, from WILCOX 4 CO.. 83,MortImer St.,Lontlen.W.

DR. scorrs pus The Safest Medicine. Mild bu Effectual. DR. scum pILLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured. DR. SCOTT'S pILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depression. 1)R. scoTrs plus Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. 1)R. scorrs pus Strengthen and invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. SCOTT'S piLLS The best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purifier. D' scorn plus Are prepared only by W. LAMBIIRT, 173. SiaM01.111:, PLACE. London. W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to bui. any other medicine instead, but insist on having the rigll• thing, which is wrapped ia a square green package.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments naneorry, but may DI TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Bath patient Informedbefcrehand the cost work requiredfol TEETH. Gold and other filings at moderate charges. TEETH. AntM.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless E tolc;ilietur oacs3 Lc ici,,:reto by the '0 TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,00940m5. weekly. lizors.lof the late J. 11. PARKINSON • (proftgor wr:Nuas.) 7 MANCHESTER, 46,- 310SLEY-STREET, (lim. Tim. No. 369), LIVERPOOL, 24, 011URCH-STREET, ST. lIELENS, Ot€ iiGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Moog WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANEEI-81 RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BEIDGR-BT. NORTHWICH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLzmAngsT-8 r: r, egTHE:'

DEATHS. HoLmtooK —May 4th, at John-street, Warrington. 51'163' Holbrook. aged 68 years. Ilinoostrta —May 6th, at Winwick-road, Warrington. FOCI Brookes. aged 1 year. Dums—May 6th, at Silver•squsre, Warrington, Datheri Dunn, aged 51 years. CASKET—May 7th at Little-lane, Warrington, Mary Casks'', aged 47 years. RlCHAnnaori—May 7th at Hank-street. Warrington, Tboul° Richardson, aged 62 years.
