===== 0002601_18981014_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE LEADINO CLOTHIERS

AD 101 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON,

0 OPECIAL SPRING SHOW B,w 1N ALL DEPARTMENTS. N est Patterns ! Leading Styles I I Popular Prices 4314n.e. MEN' SUITS, 18/6 TO 50/ _ Ifturci's TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 16/6 4(40y for Wear t Well Made I I Latest Cut 111

ORDER DEPARTMENT. xi.C.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly ; this 1,009 PATTERNS TatirT„..Year's Selections. "`"J -411 S To MEASURE from 8/6 To 18/6 'IulT To MEASURE , 28/6 „ 60/- 10.,Vh-Class Scotch audit. sh TWEEDS, Blue VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, &c., &c. VALUE UNEQUALLED.

THE M.C.D. i . CTTLIS' AND JUV9INILE DEPARTMENTS. TO MG MT THE ROWING TRADE '5 Preparations In these Departments have never been surpassed. 4 I'ARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in lII,E CLOTHING. THE M.C.D. own Designs. RisTSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITb. All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS.

141 AIANCHESTRR TAILORING AND

CLOTHING DEPOT,

I

1°713 10 HORSEMARKET STREET,

ARRINGT.ON.

rA R _ PEELIMINARY NOTICE. " x INGTON DRAMATIC SOCIETY.

teT4l4 MEMBERS OF THIS SOCIETY WILL PLAY THE ORIGINAL FARCE. "THE MAGISTRATE" hi It by A. W. PINERO (31fAL COURT THEATRE, RYLANDS-STREET, wanN. WARRINGTON, the AY, THURSDAY, and FRIDAY nights the t Bth, and 9th, of DECEMBER NEXT, of the WARRINGTON INFIRMARY. BROWNE, Hon. ec A lion. Trees

41.11, t4r1,1,, T,

b PRELIMINARY NO' INGToN DB' _THR minaßßrts or wILL pLAy THE: r lt "THE MP by A. AL COURT WA " the .I"tiSCAY, t the , Bth, 44irtri'Afit

===== 0002601_18981014_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IP

===== 0002601_18981014_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
TO PICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. 1.1. MORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury % W.C. Cheapest House i London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame andßoomn Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings, &c. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regtiding. Spescial attention to country orders. New Pattern Book (Enlarged to 128 pages) Edition for January 1893 will be raady in December. Post free for nine penny stamps. Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegrams U.&tTnr, London."

===== 0002601_18981014_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS

DIRECT FROM THE MAKER, H ARE OP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

HAEROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HAREM'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTRS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINRTTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTRS HARROP'S FOR B&SSINETTE

CHEAPEST HOUSE IN' THE TRADE HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTOL..

===== 0002601_18981014_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOIt FEMALE COMPLAINTS MRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to p-unare this celebrated Medicine from the only arlginat and vuulne Family Recipe. Its justcelebrity for all Fumale Complaints has obtained far it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchnse is prepared by Mrs. Bmithers, who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Outside libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the ; names of the Gole Wholesale Agents," Vv. HOWARDS & SON, 1157, Queen Victoria-street," formerly 0 67, St. Paul's, 'London, are engraved on the Governmen Stamp, Sold in boxes at 2s. 9d. each by most Chemists.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MANCHESTER TAILO.RING AND

CLOTHING DEPOT.

8, 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON

IS NOW

COMPLUR IN ALL DEPARTMENTS

FOR THE WINTER TRADE.

READY MADE OR TO MEASURE.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALH AT

PITTS'S FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT LONDON ROAD (close to station), MANCHESTER. 3TUPENDOUS REDUCTIONS. ;,:ASTODNDINCE

BARGAINS. ,PROFIT HNTIIUMY OBLITHEATEDI

PITTS'S are aware that considerable interest has been aroused as to the extent of the success attending this transfer of ritts's Colossal General Furnishing Business, to London-road. There was not wanting soma few pessimistie prophets who judging by their own slight advancement fore- told inevitable failure, whilst the majority held that an old established firm of sound reputation like PITTS'S offering /MST SRLICOTION AND UTMOST VALUK, was bound to succeed as the shrewd British publio would always patronise such.

PITTS'S have pleasure in setting;this matter at root by stating that the first year's working at London road has far exceeded either PITTS'S friends or the firm's own most sanguine anticipations, resulting in a turnover of more than £B,OOO in excess of that of the previous twelva months, and each week shows still further Increase.

lailltlTTS'S feel extremely gratified at this unmistakable mat 1 of public confidence, and as one good turn deserw 1 another PITTS'S invite the Public to participate in their prosperity, and effect a saving of 25 to 50 per cent, by secur- ing the astounding bargains at PITTS'S GIIIIAT ANNIVER- SARY SALE to commemorate their advent in Loudon-road. which is now taking place.

TIIIIITTS'S have marked down their Enormous Stock absurdly 1. low with the object of clearing It out TOTALLY IRRES- PECTIVE OF PROFIT, and arranged it in their vast pre- mises $o that every article can be thoroughly and conveni- ently inspected, and the magnificent display in the splendid show.windows over 250 test long of every omreiv- able article for complete and artistic furnishing is a sight never before seen. Thousands of pounds worth of choicest bargains arranged in unparalleled profusion. Inspection. quite a pleaaure to all possessing taste and;discernment Every up-to-date convenience, including passenger lifts to al floors, electric light throughout, courtesy to all whether buying or not.

ITTS'S are already acknowledged as the Largest, Best. and Cheapest General Furnishers, and they intend this GREAT ANNIVERSARY NAIR to still further enhance their very enviable reputatioa. Never be in the annals of the furnishing trade was there such an opportanity of economical furnishing, and rich and poor alike will do well to avail themselves ot the marvellous advantages now offered

PITTS'S RRNOWNED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15* 22k, 24, 381, 50, 75. 100, up to 1,500 guineas will during the Great Sale to. amended and improved by the inclusion of more articles of much better quality. On inspection these will be found to surpass and excel in point of artistic effect. comfort, and durability anything now or ever offered by woula-be competitors. It is, therefore, the BOUNDEX DUTY of every judicious person to obtain ful. particulars. which are sent tree on application.

PITTS'S FOR CARPATS and TUDOR COVERINGS- All British made. Fated tree. Largest, best and Cbeapest stock. Astounding value. Grand disp:ay. Worth inspection.

PPITTS'S PlAfab, by be ~t makers, now being cleared out totally irrespective of profit, Unprecedented oppor- tunity. Guaranteed great saving. Caahor Batty Payments,.

PITTS'S BaSSINETTES. , Lamps, China, Glass, Earthen- ware. Blagnifi..ent display in Show-windows. Pleasure to see it.

DITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE.— livery description of Bookcases, Secretaires, Desks. Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half City Prices.

SQAMUEL PITTS. ESTABLISHED 1845. LONDON-ROAD (just past Station) MANOIIII3THR. Ardwiek, Longbight, and Belle Vue Carp ass the door.

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE h positively the only reliable and strongest on earth. n will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the most obstinate cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed Is every case however long standing. TOUSAND O GEXXLIINE TESTIMONIILS• 28, 9j. ; post tree Sd. extra. To be had only C. DEAN, MEDICAL HERBALIST. 113, Gray's Inn Road. London,W

===== 0002601_18981014_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO MEN

When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs wriLe to me and I will send you a Ok which describes a QUICK AND CHIITAIN cure for lost strength, wasting weakne", sc., from whatever cause arising, NO STOMACH M SOICINE, NO ELMO. TIIICITY. bent in envelope on receipt ot two start:Tailor

===== 0002601_18981014_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
postage. A. J. LEIGH, aq2-93. Great

Loudon, W,C,

_ WOMEN'S AILMENT-8. IRREGULARITIRS. ite.— 1-a4). having tried in vain every advertised rtmeCF, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, whim will act in a few hours, Tao matter how tubborn the case. .13en5-Ide suderers can get it FR63 of sRA.ROI4 y nclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment b e Cith Worthless Pills, Mixtures Cones and other injurious wostrums. Write at once with full HOYE end CONFI• DENCE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46, bouthampton Buildings j Chancery-lane, London.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I . • .•, I .

===== 0002601_18981014_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

Mr Mau NELLIE. '4 The "Trelawny" hat—which fluttered through ) the season with a moderate popularity that seemed to augur but a short stay—is to remain for ' the autumn and winter with us, built in felts and - velvets. There is an amount of distinction about these shapes, but to be a real suecess they must be worn by a tall and stylish woman, as, like all large hats, they dwarf the fair of a few inches, and may also degenerate easily into dowdiness on a woman of homely appearance. A very fashionable hat is of dark grey felt, and is trimmed with twists and folds in front of grey velvet with white spots, from which spring two "'upright grey tips on the right side, and one long ,plume round the left, Fruit is still in high favour as decoration for our autumnal headgear, and a 'particularly pretty departure is evident at the 'present moment, it trails in bunches of black- berries. These combine delightfully with folds of white velvet, or on a purple (deep as the berries themselves) straw, with equally deep, purple velvet, mousseline-de-soie, or silk. The spotted Velvets are the fancy of the moment, black and 'coloured with white spots, or very light or white with black spots. Veils, it is said, may be worn shorter, but are not yet in evidence so.

A new toque has a crown of Parma violet miroir velvet, and a border of sable. On the left side are high bows of velvet, with a natural Paradise plume, and just behind this, resting on the hair, are some damask velvet roses in two shades of this very fashionable tone of red. The fur brim makes this model extremely becoming, and it is emi- nently suitable for wearing with the sable capes which will be among the most popular garments of the season. Now that a chill wave has succeeded the in- tense heat, and abruptly terminated a most bril- liant and "record" holiday season, interest will be taken in the autumn fashions. There is a decided inclination for the adoption of fur in the form of trimmings for gowns, coats, and mantles. High collars, revers, and cuffs of fur will figure on the now coats, while timinces of fur will be seen on the capes. Large fancy buttons are being in- troduced on coats and capes, whether they show a trimming of fur or not. Fur will be uzed in con- junction with lace for the most delicate of evening -gowns, and in millinery it will be seen mixed with tulle and chiffon.

Avery youthful and stylish little outdoor coat has large pearl buttons, revers of pearl-white moire, and the coat itself of light fawn-co' ared cl .th, stiohed with brown. The back fits quite cloeely, and has only one centre seam, but the front hangs straight and loose, and is kept fiat by an inter- lining of canvas. One of the prettiest, simplest, and most lady- like of autumn costumes is a black and white check, trimmed with black velvet ribbon. The well- fitting skirt has three rows of narrow velvet at the edge. The bodice, eut in a decollete square, has four large fancy buttons down the left side, where it fastens over, and three rows of velvet round the 'low square and at the edge of sleeves. A.. velvet waistband and a tucked chemisette of white silk gives the finishing touches to this dainty costume.

A very fashionable gown is of fine serge, braided with narrow black and white tubular braid. The west and revers are of silk, also edged with braid. This winter will bring us nearer to masculine costume in the growing narrowness of the cloth akirt, absolutely clinging to the hips like riding and cycling skirts, and made completely on the cross, leaving the width at the hem. This is not quite a divided shirt, but, very like it, both in facility of movement and lightness of material. iThe skirt should naturally be round to make it quite practical. It is never pleasant to be forced to raise one's skirt in the street, and cloth is ;specially adapted to street costume. One single skirt is worn. The coat bodice may be embroidered and:ornamented, but there should be no tunic, though we see it in some of the dressmaking estab- lishments. .

Your loving JNNEIB.

A314RA32 FOR M DOUGALL'S PATENT SE 4F-RAISING FLOUR

, rer 14 r„, ..,„1.;•, 00, ~.. z• / ---4-A -- (/ / s it- ,i,://: :•,'', ‘;?, ~,, 4); /';:.< 4 -'5 /,_

: 11,V„.••"*1, *4 44c, \\ Qt..-, 44\ •0 0- : t 4 ,‘. ‘ \,;.\ ,;, • f._ v AYI

r---- t , • 60" .1- ) . . 1 4 / •.• 4/ fi •?° /=' A , / \ / in / , \. - -; • \ (4 0 /117 ,/,,A•ls) ,/I 't, _ i YI 1 . .

===== 0002601_18981014_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Ebould send two stamps for our NEW BOOK containing valuable information to Lad ies,how all Irregularities way be entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means. &commended by eminent physicians as the only Safe. Sure, and genuine Remedy. "Never Fails." Thousands of lestlmonials.—Mr. W. B. BLANCHARD, Claremont House, Forest-road, Dalston, London.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i't

===== 0002601_18981014_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
I'

' 1 , .1 - , .1,4+

===== 0002601_18981014_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,;'•1

===== 0002601_18981014_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18981014_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
complete The Skirt

JUOURNINI wthin 12 It tt, UP by skilled -Dietisinakers fabric at moderate cost

A 801 OF FON PA_TTEINA ot . flgmtunalnradanwnltNilsotirFrurser Goods 14

===== 0002601_18981014_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
" WOMEN'S CHAT."

The Archduchess Gisela of Austria upon whom it is said the Pope intends to confer the Golden Rose, is the elder daughter of tbe late Empress Elizabeth. The Archduchess is one of the most charitable of women,and her unostentatious piety and domestic virtues endear her to all having the privilege of her acquaintance. The Pope's choice is a happy one,and is not likely to awaken envy, as is so often the case, among less favoured individuals.

The "Golden 11,-se " is, as its name suggests, a rose of gold. This is laid on the altar on Mid-Lent Sunday, and after haying been blessed by the Pope, annointed with rich perfumes. It is afterwards sent as a gift from the Pope to some Royal personage, church, or com- munity, which has been specially distinguished by acts of zeal for the church. If no one in any year is deemed worthy of the gift, it is laid up in the Vatican. Women preachers are supposed by many, to flourish solely in America. As a matter of fact, in many parts of this country "local preachers" of various demomina- tions, are women, and for directness of speaking, and sincerity of purpose it must be owned that they put many of our country clergymen to the blush. Carried away by their zeal, yet keeping well to the point, they convince their hearers as much by their air of sincerity and thoroughness, as by the doctrine they preach. For the eigth time, Lady Henry Somerset has been elected president of the British Women's Temperance Association. That this association has become so power- ful and influential a body, is undoubtedly owing to it 3 Presidents efforts. " Simpliuity and thoroughness " is her working motto, and she never allows anything con- nected with the temperance movement to be scamped or ill-done. It would be a mistake however, to imagine , that Lady Henry Somerset gives up all her time to tem- perance work. All that concerns and benefits her own sex is of the keenest mement to her, and she has always been one of the best and most thoughtful speakers at the yearly meetings of the Central Conference of Women Workers.

Lady Henry Somerset makes no boast of her ancestry but she is no; the less justly proud of her descent from two of the most devoect friends of Marie Antoinette— the Chevalier and Madame d'Etang. They fled from Paris, during the Reign of Terror, and founded, in Eng- land, the family of which Lady Henry Somerset is pro- bably the best known representative. Notwithstanding the many claims made on her by her public life, and work, Lady Henry finds time to be a charming hostess to her many friends and acquaintances. She is still a young-looking woman, as many of those who have seen or heard her speaking in public meetings for the cause she has so much at heart, can testify, and appears more like the sister than the mother of her twenty-four year old son. A young man of great premise, who will probably ultimately succeed to the Dukedom of Bean- fort. _ _

To be a good speaker, one must speak from a full mind, and know thoroughly the subject one is discus- sing. And not only that subject, but the collateral topics which would enliven it, eft illustrate it, or make it clearer. Then comes the absolute necessity of luci- dity. An individual even of less information, with the ability to state his or her own views, so that the crdinary understandMe immediately comprehends the thought, will often distance—in debate—a very much better equipped antagonist. The Marchioness of Tweeidale, who has lately beon playing the role of hostess to the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, at Y.ster House, Haddiegtonshire, is a woman of bright intelligence, and wide sympathies, and is fully in touch with all sorts of social questions in which royal personages may be interested. tlcr mother was Scotch, her father a member of a distinguished Roman family. She posiesses the fine eyes and hair of the South, dresses exquisitely, and is a Yemen of intake tact. Her only daughter, Lady Clementine Hay, who was presented last season, is an exceedingly pretty vivacieus girl, and a great favourite wherever she goes. Yester House is charmingly situated, and surrounded by beautiful gardens. In the grounds lie the famous cave, where the encounter took place between Marmion and his elfin foe, in Sir Walter Scott's poem of that name. The ancient Castle of Yester stood near the Lammermuir Hills, and the remains of it are still to b 3 seen on a peninsula formed by two streams. The attempt to introduce the short veil, dees not promise to be a SUCCess. We all know the comfort of a veil that covers the face in winter, and wears not likely to patronise the " newest idea" at this season of the year. The latest veilings are arranged with irregular chenille spots. On black net the spots are white, and on white net they are black. It is necessary to exercise some care in putting these veilings on. The result of a white spot reposing somewhere about the tip of one's nose is, that the unfortunate feature appears rosy by contrast, while a black spot near a tooth, gives the undesirable aspect of one missing. Some women drese cleverly just as other women talk, Cr write, shop, or keep house cleverly. There is always a way of doing everything cleverly, and the women who dress cleverly always wear gowns suitable fo.t the season, aud the occasion. There is a certain dash of novelty, and even originality in their gowns, and their toilettes have a certain air of freshness about them. A clever dresser will always lay in a good stock of vests and fronts to go with her tailor-made coats and Shirts, end her more dressy holeros,knowing full well the value of these meinl little articles. How many changes it is possible to ring if possessed of a few dainty vests, and the little iteras—such as inside skirt frills, wrist frills, waiethelts, etc.,—neeessary to carry out each soheme of color! A middle-agerd gown can easily be fresneael up, and made quite un ecognisabie, by such simple means as these. One of the vests destined to be worn with a skirt and coat of black cloth, by a young,graceful Duchess. which I saw a few days back is in blade satin. The fronts are left open to show an undervest of white satin,and this is also left open to allow the jabot frills of the large wbite crepe de chine cravat to spring out. Yet another vest is of neliotrope mousseline de soie, with rather large white satin spots on it. It is made up over heliotrope satin, and this same fabric is wound round,the throat,and tied in a narrow bow in front. From the middle of the bow spring frille of white satin, edged with chiffon, which reach almost te the waist. As a means of illumination, candles have been advo cated strongly in many quarters of late, and deservedly. for the light of a candle is, in itself, the most agreeable known. The candle, however, requires a good deal of care. If burned through the whole evening it must be renewed every day. It is possible though, to eet very

CARTER'S LITTLE , LIVER PILLS. ' 0 .___. , -- • Sm."! Put BEAUTIFUL TEETH 1).". tor au who use daily on the tooth sl,ll Price. brush a few drops of ~., *y in a SOZODONT, i. fr4Par 1.!? vial. the if • table. the plessantewstordlcentifrics in the Cleanses the teeth and spaces Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, between them eznething else Sallow Complexion, and will. Bound and pearly white Sicic headaches promptly: teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant and cure them so as to st ~ breath ensured. lured, Che.,:li.ci, Is. 14.'• . P`clt for SOZODONT. 2a. 613.

Sr.,/ E - 11" ' . ART t R .. . ITTLE Forty IVER '

===== 0002601_18981014_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
o'Shanter Ce;l

===== 0002601_18981014_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
large wax candles, such as are used in churches, which will burn for a great many evenings, and require no at tention. For the dinner table nothing better than can dles,carefully shaded,has been found. A lamp is clumsy, and obstructs the view, while overhead lighting usually gets in the eyes. Furthermore,the candles,in their silver sticks,with their small coloured shades,are in themselves a charming decoration. Artificial flowers are being extensively patronised in America for table, ball-room, and house decoration. The blooms—of muslin—are exquisitely finished, and only the closest inspection reveals the fact that they are not , Nature's own handiwork. It is not very probable though that hostesses in this country will take them up. We suffered too much from the terrible wool and wax flower period to recover easily and face the prospect of such monstrosities again invading our domestic peace. In these days, when pretty serving is such a consider- ation, it may be as well to warn housekeepers, that when one has to reheat food in a silver dish,from which it is impossible to move the eatable, considerable care is necessary,if we would preserve our property. The best plan is to half fill a baking tin with hot water, place in this a doubled sheet of paper, and stand the silver dish upon it. It will then take no harm from the effects of the oven heat. Scrambled Haddock is an excel'ent breakfast dish. Boil a dried haddock in water, for a few moments until it comes away from the bone easily. Drain, scrape all the fish fr e from the skin ond bone,and place in a small saucepan with a little butter,milk,and a dash of pepper. Stir it round until very hot, spread on rounds of toast, and serve immediately. " MADGE ".

F-3 ETTER THAN

COD-LIVER OIL.

BECAUSE while having a W fopd value equal to that of HY? Cod-Liver Oil it has besides healing and curative virtues which the latter does not possess. It is antiseptic. It soothes and heals the membrane of the lungs, stomach, and bowels. It cures stubborn coughs. It expels disease germs. It purifies and enriches the blood. It gives vigour to the nervous system. It builds up health and strength. It is equally good for infants or the aged.

NGIER'tSi EMUalrOegl .

is pleasant to take and aids digestion instead of disturbing it. Of Chemists, 2/9 and 416. CAUTION.—Ours is the original Petroleum Emulsion. It is made with a special oil obtained front particular wells and carefully purified by our own process. Imitations made with ordinary petroleum cannot have the same effect. Be sure to get ANGIER'S. A FREE SAMPLE BOTTLE on receipt of 3d. for postage.

The Angier Chemical Co., Ltd., 32 Snow Hill, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTH-ERN UNION.

The following appointments have been made for Saturday. There are few repres..ntativs matches owing to the County engagement between Lancashire and Cheshire :—Senior competition matches : Leigh v Wigan referee W Dillon (Warringtm), touch judges E Beswick (Swinton) and Gi Skidmlre (Broughton Ban- gers); Tyldesley v Morecambe, referee J H Yates (Swinton). touck judges J Tyrer (St. Helens) and A Wallwork (Leigh) ; Rochdale Hornets v Broughton Ran- gers, referee W F Hancock (Runcorn), touch judges C Jones (Salford) and P Ingham (Oldham). OrdinarY matches: Lancaster v St. Helens,referee W M‘Cutcheou (Oldham); Salford v Millom, referee J Priestley (Brough- ton Rangers.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL CONRSTORY COURT.

A meeting of the Consistory Court was held on Tues- day afternoon, at St. Nicholas's Parish Church, Chancel liar Espin presiding. WARRINGTON P OISE{ CEIURCEL An application was made on behalf of the widow af the late John Richard Picknoere for authority to erect a memorial tablet to her husband in the south wall of the church.—The faculty wag decreed. ST. FEHR'S NEWTON-IN-MAKERFIELD. This was an application by the vicar and church- wardens of St. Peterra, Nevaton-in-Makerfield by authority to place four stained-glass windows in the church, two In memory of George M'Corquodale, one In memory of Harriet B. Watkins, and the remainder In memory of Geerge Armitage.—The faculty was granted.

At Northampton on Tuesday Samuel Tomlinson, alivs Fred Teralinson. alias Harry Smith, was committed for trial on a charge of attempting to wreck the Birmingham expreas on the London and North-Western Ittilway at fluntsbury Hill. Other charges of alleged tilt' n-wrecking Were adjourned.

On Tuesday afternoon. shortly after three o'clock, Mr. John Holmes, aged sixty-seven, a retired joiner, living at 66. Prenchwood-street. Preston, was struck by lightbing and instantaneously killed during a thunderstorm of only ten minutes' duration, Mr. Holmes took shelter in the archway of Messrs. Allsopp's ironworks, and while standing there met his death.

Sir Timothy H. O'Brien, the well-known Middleiex cricketer, has met with a serious accident while hunting with the Dohallow hounds in Ireland. He was thrown heavily into a blind ditch, and was picked up insensible. The muscles of hi, shoulder were lacerated. He was removed to the residence of a neighbouring gentlemen, where be Is pro- greasing favourably.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CURSE

OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence, by Dr. Sands Liver Seeds; or money refunded. The tiniest vegetable seed on earth that will cure you. One seed a dose. One bottle sufficient for any ordinary case. 144 seeds in a bottle. New Grand Discovery. Will cure Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion. Wind on Stomach. Dyspepsia. Nervous Disorders. Sick Headaches. Female Ailments. Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. Of all medicine dealers at ninepence per bottle, or post free upon receipt of nine penny stamps. Sands' Medicine GO.) 25 Hart Street, Bloomsbury, London. Mention this papa. (CCTYR.}G HT.

(.411 right reserved.) THE

THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14 1898

"Ye're too susceptioie to the designs o' this fascinating wuman," I muttered angrily, turning on ray heels and catching Lucia's eyes as they wandered pleadingly from Mark to me. She was sharp enough to c-mprehend what was passing, from our manu,” n the few words she understood, so she a. Mark with timidity, saying: "If I have the courage, who shall deny my right? If I face the hardships unflinchingly, and walk and ride abreast your companions, surely you are chivalrous enough to welcome my songs, music, and dancing? Here, in Yerba Buena, I am courted by all classes for my accomplishments. Surely they will be as acceptable as your friend's kilts and bagpipes ? " This gentle sarcasm fairly bowled me over, for I seldom played, and my kilts were stowed away sa4 interlined with tobacco leaves to keep the „.‘,4olis out. it that moment the gallop of an approaching smstang arrested our attention, and on looking out of the window I saw the best horseman on Mark's ranch at San Leno tearing towards the saloon at full speed. "By the condition o' the l'animal," observed T, "an' the roughness o' the rider, it's evident he's ridden lang an' continuously." The Californians were shrewd enough seldom to jeopardise themselves in the midst of danger by sending written despatches, so when the messenger threw himself from his mustang and came striding into Puke s Delight I opened our door quickly to let him in. His tidings were delivered with that pleasing intonation which the Californian language permitted, for even the commonest bullock-driver delivered a message like a skilled ambassador at an imperial audience. The substance of the mes- sage was that Indians were in force, threatening San Leno, and assistance was necessary for the defence of the station.

This brought the question of Lucia's request to a climax. Having heard the news, she mustered up all her courage and declared that she would either join us or follow us whithersoever we went. When grunting out my consent, and wishing the Senorita joy of her choice, I left as awkward as when I first put the breeches on, for the grateful Spaniard threw her arms about my neck, and before I could find the presence of mind to resist she had kissed my scrubby cheek. I blushed as I Orked my body upright to avoid a second attempt, and Mark roared with laughter at what he termed "The celibate's discomfiture ; a humorous incident, fit for the brush of a Royal Academician." No man with any gallantry could resist the will of this woman, who, in her affection, was prepared to brave storm and drought, the white highway- man's surprises and the Indian's treachery. Her soul seei.led moved with a love for my friend which I am conscious my words inadequately describe. It surpassed my comprehension, and was beyond my modest ability to fathom. As for Mark's devo- tion, it seemed a sin to doubt its constancy. Lucia had conquered. We were to press forward at once for the relief of San Leno.

Acting upon the business principle that it is best to give good wages and so obtain first-class skill, I engaged only the smartest men, so that as our preparations for a speedy movement across the passes of the coast got noised abroaxi, the more venturesomc from the whole countryside volunteered their services. Youths of spirit and dash implored me to enrol them. Those passionately fond of horse-racing, and who had impoverished them- selves by making extravagant wagers, were like- wise importunate for a place on the muster. I refused applications from notorious gamesters, for they drove a thriving business and netted the pro- ducts of rancheros. Mere adventurers we tabooed, but as the Senorita "arsisted in accompanying us, the wives of several settlers joined their husbands, and I took care to gather a band large enough to afford mutual protection against hostile Indians. Our scouts would have their work cut out to glean tidings of the Indians concerned in the mysterious disappearance of Pecos; and such was the nature of the so-called roads that, without extraordinary delays or detentions, San Leno could not be reached by our advance party in lees than a week. Contingencies, such as cattle giving out or waggons breaking down, might require the utmost fraternity and good-will, besides handicraft of a useful nature, so I selected a few intelligent artisans. Of course, we were not short of dollars, and from our stores we drew tobacco, trinkets, and beads for presents to friendly Indians. Mark's projected scheme of capturing Queen Hans compelled the enrolment of crack shots, and the more dashing of them were selected to precede the main body for the immediate relief of San Leno. The wisdom of this step was afterwards proved. Now Mark was to lead this advance guard, with me as his first lieutenant, and if in reconnoitricg and F-onring the country we discovered likely dar r, we were to draw in settlers from outlying dis jot, and so augment this scouting squadron. All ie precautions were absolutely necessary, for the red man was hardly tolerant to the palefa^e, and in an uncivilised country mere brute force was often victorious where argiurans and kind less tied. We pioneers of days which are now but as a memory were a motley company. We discarded all articles likely to encumber our journey. Our powder was dry, our weapons sharpened, cleaned and primed; our kit adequate, and our spirits high and determined. Each man signed a contract enforcing strict obedience; but, to my mind, the most stimulating part of the whole business was the fact that we were engaged in a righteous and just cause. In view of coming events it is necessary to note that the smartest Indian in Yerba Buena acted as guide to our scouts, for the trails were scarcely traceable by white men, and the unshod Indian ponies left no appreciable sign for our guidance. We got away as soon as pcssible, and our dusky pilot's knowledge of the topography _of the coast range was unique and valuable. He knew the slight abrasions of the hard rocks, displaced stones, loosened mounds of earth, bent weeds and burnt bushes by which the red men followed the short cuts to safe retreats. Now it chanced on a lovely May morning, after Mark had insisted on Lucia Diaz following on with the main body, that we of the advance guard followed the Indian's lead as he wound among the foot-hills, densely clothed with chaparral and flowering shrubs. His keen eye noted certain large clumps of horse-chestnut and ilex ; and while we were admiring the rainbow hues obich tinged the grassy slopes where the banks of flowers were opening to the sunlight, the native was taking the bearings of forest aisles, and watching for strips of yellow-grey lichen hanging in festoons from the trunks of large trees. Ile was counting pale wreaths termed "Old Man's Beard," or marking certain trees which the wood- peckers had honeycombed with bullet-like holes to store their winter food. Whether we were passing in the cool green shade of some miniature ravine, or picking our way through a small virgin forest, we felt we were as safe from harm as robin red- breasts at home.

Nothing occurred to hinder us during the first few hours, save the ugly fall of a mustang and a nasty abrasion to the arm of the rider. Our guide hunted for foliage something like beech, and plucking several leaves tied them over the wound. It was probably a species of the Balm of Gilead tree, which the Indians about the Sierra Madre value for tha healing resin its leaf-buds exude. The air was warm and dry, game plentiful, and rabbit-shooting our diversion. The rabbits were boiled in a saucepan which the pack-horses carried, and it is almost superfluous to state that our appetites were generally keen. A cross-country route brought us by noon to a lovely wooded spot where the spray of a small waterfall dazzled in tints of diamonds, emeralds, opals and sapphires. The froth sparkled like dancing stars as the foam- water splashed and uhirled and raged down ,o 0 rocks and did battle with the black boulders cauldron below. Then above the tiny whirl- fleecy clouds of vapour sparkled in the sun, and the hanging mist cooled the air where we camped and took our meal. After a refreshing rest our guide mounted the rocks to view the country. While standing there he fancied he heard a distant signal, and when he rejoined us and urged us to press on we quickly obeyed the sum- mons, for the red man's hearing was as wonderful as his cunning. Faithful Jip was well in tow till we reached a lateral gorge, when a noise between a bloodhound's bay and an African lion's roar made him prick his ears. The whole of us proceeded with extreme caution. Preserltly, at a sign from the Indian guide, we halted; and he drove his unshod pony a hundred yards ahead, dismounted quickly, threw himself flat on the earth, and put his ear to the ground. In less than three minutes he sprang to his saddle, and, wheeling to the right, was out of sight among the trees and crags. The next moment he uttered syo rbeostt, lneds es at h aotn,,M,aar rdk, alaentwd himaar nti thenfgre es: elalnne triijleiin)ll3te dai wasan at immediately lioness passed

through the thicket with an arrow stuck in her shoulder.

Mark took aim and fired. The lioness gave a tremendous leap, Jip closing with her. I never law a fiercer struggle, but it lasted only 11 few moments, for soon the life of the mountain-rover ebbed, and :Tip had an easy task. None of us dared fire a second shot for fear of striking the courageous bloodhound, but we rejoiced to see Jip escape with very little damage. With assist ance our guide dragged the dead lioness to a dry gully, and, pushing the body therein, covered it with brushwood and leaves. Jip bounded on the scent, and soon we discovered the carcase cf a sheep, weighing nearly three hundred pounds, which the lioness had dragged for miles from the valley to its den in the rocks. We left both animals for the wild coyotes and wolves which still infested the range, and then pressed on with energy through the pass towards the threatened garrison.

CHAPTER VI. A STRANGE ADVERTISEWENT.

A surprise was now in store for us, for about, mile to the north on the rising ground, and e' -- angle of about forty-five degrees with our coot— we saw two persons on horseback. Mark lookeo through his glass, and observed: "Father Otando on a mule, and the Senorita Lucia Diaz on her Pinto. They are on the crow's-fly trail betweeti Yerba Buena and San Leno." My exclamation was more forcible than polite, but as they were vigorously Waving their handker- chiefs we turned in their direction, trusting to Jip's sagacity and the Indian guide for warning of danger. On reaching them, Lucia made no bones about telling us there was a crisis at the San Leno ranch, and that we lingered for enjoyment because new pastures fatten calves. This was her style of reproof. She conferred aside with my chief. As I beheld her loveliness I wondered not that Mark Pepys was dazzled and blinded by her surpassing charms. Nature had gifted her with resistless attractions—men far and wide extolled her grace, the delicate cream of her face, with the faintest tinge and gloss of a light scarlet geranium upon her cheeks ; her dark lustrous eyes radiant and beautiful as a fawn's, her raven tresses as black and shiny as eagles' feathers, her swan-like neck and bosom as white as marble, the flesh of her small hands and tapering fingers as soft as that Of a babe. The secret sorrow upon Mark's soul was chased away by the sunshine of her merriment. This bright star of the Far West, whose crystal light paled not as the moon rose, set Mark PePYs'. strong nerves vibrating, and gave a glow of prid, and pleasure to his manly features. His full dart eyes now feasted upon a beauty "Whose cheek had the pale pearly pink Of sea-shells—the world's sweetest tint ; As though she lived, one half might deem.

On rose sopped in pearly dew." Mark presently turned from Lueia and said . "Pecos is suffering torture in a small Indian camp away south-east. It is our duty to rescue him. I am willing to face the danger; are you ready? " "Aye, ayel" resounded on all sides; and for- ward we rode, urged by a zeal which no ordinary obstacle could thwart. Two hours after sunset we reached a solidly-built adobe dwelling thatched with thule, one storey high, with a slightly slanting roof. It stood in the midst of a well-kept garden, rich and fragrant. A gruff inquiry came from the Quaker tenant, asking our business. He peered out of the window, satisfied himself that our intentions were honour- able, and came down. "Here, lassie!" said he on opening the door, "see thee to the comfort of the Senorita." This latter to his wife, a buxom, red- face dame. After a hasty meal fresh ponies were saddled, and Mark observed to Lucia: "Senorita, you are tired, and need rest. Stay here till we return." "Thou art welcome, lass," added the Quaker. "By the way, sir, a traveller from the old countr, was this way making diligent inquiries about thee. Thou art surprised, friend! He left me two or three copies of the Times. But more about that on thy return." A sudden inspiration advised me to seize those papers, but Mark forestalled me with: "Hand me the newspapers. Mayhap we shall need to halt, and they will while away the time." A deaf person often comprehends more than we suspect, and Lucia made tip for her imperfect knowledge of English by comprehending every look and sign. These, with the words she understood, enabled her to obtain an inkling which I could see had piqued her curiosity. The singular use she afterwards made of this confirmed my surmise. All nature aided our mission, for the moon was full and bright, the air breezy, and the scent good. I shall never forget the heartiness with which our lads entered into the spirit of this search, and the joy depicted on every face as our Indian leader and Jip indicated the whereabouts of the enemy. We dismounted, tethered our horses, and with the

• utmost caution crept forward. Presently we saw some smouldering embers among a clump of silver pines in a rugged hollow, and, after priming our weapons, we stole a march on the unwary. "Mark," I whispered, "there is Pecos, half clad, his wrists tied behind him, an' lashed to a tree." Ile was apparently sleeping from sheer exhaus- tion, for his chin rested on his breast, and his body had dropped till it was all of a heap. I. have known Indians take turns to keep a captive awake, a species of cruelty which produces inde- scribable exhaustion and misery. Inch by inch Mark crawled to release Pecos, taking care that when cut down the hunchback should be borne to the most shaded part of the thicket, for the glare of the fire would make us better targets for Indian arrows. Well, we were within twenty feet of the captive when the "whoop!" of a startled redskin rang through the woods. The fellow was picked off by one of our crack shots, and Mark and I made a rush for Pecos, whose cords we severed in a trice. He seemed paralysed with fear; but when he saw the confusion in the Indian camp, and heard the shots from our rifles and the howls and thuds of several merciless wretches whom we hit, he guessed the truth, and with a deep sigh fainted in Mark's arms. The surprise was perfect, not a single scratch being received by our party; while a half score of the Indians who shewed fight had bitten the dust. No effort was made to slaughter those who fled, nor did we search among the brushwood, for fear of the stragglers' revenge. Pecos soon revived, for he suffered nothing beyond emaciation from exposure, semi-starvation, and rough usage. "Pecos," I asked, "are any of the White Chief's treasures in the camp? " "I know nought of them," answered the dazed man. Mark's face dropped with disappointment, bir he instantly gave the order: "Cut the Indians ponies loose, and drive them before us. W. must effect our escape before the redskins retur— to ascertain the mischief and our strength." This accomplished, we arrived without mishap at the settler's house. Pecos was given bear fat oil, which soon freed him from pain, and restored his appetite and normal vitality. His story was a singular one. "These Indians," said he, "treacherously attacked Puke's Delight, and I fled. I met the labourer in the field near the Presidio, and he gave me shelter in his shanty; but two red men discovered me, and tried to kid- nap me. Thereupon the labourer stood by me, shouting and holding on to my beads and singlet until he was stabbed. Then I was gagged, blind. folded, and carried whither I knew not. My captors spat at me, slapped my face, and made mockery of my deformity. Then they half starved me, and beat me to tell all I knew about Sal Leno ; but I was silent. Then they debated how I should die, and what means they should adopt, k) remove all traces of my body. But they quarrelled, and I was left for a while. It was then that the White Chief and his party came and rescued me. Pecos will shew his gratitude by acts rather than words." Concerning the whereabouts of Mark's curios Pecos was entirely ignorant, but from casual remarks overheard he judged the redskins were in longue with those whose threatening attituel.

• - alarmed the people at San Leno. As we intern,. gated, Lucia watched us keenly. "Harry Puke was gagged," observed Mark, lool— ing with intense earnestness at the hunchback .•• note. the expression of his face; "and we four._ him strapped down in his own cellar." Pecos indignantly retorted: "Thinkest thou Pecos's:brain is waste ground to receive everybody's rubbish!" "Well," urged Mark, "his stock was stolen as well as my treasures Can you throw any light on this? "

Pecos shook his head with dumb surprise, and after thinking awhile he broke the silence with : "I saw none drunk, nor a cigar or bottle in their camp." He was emphatic on the point, and we had no reason to disbelieve him. "Did'at thou see the Castilian, named Muro ? " I asked. We looked dubious, La ne stuck to the negative. "Nor any going to and fro between the shore and the schooner?"

TOBACCONISTS Cortunencing.—See ratel (} 259 pages) 3d. Tobacconists' 0 Atli:Ong 0,1..05' London Hainireasere fitted.—lanagsr !( ast!t)in;ri.--

===== 0002601_18981014_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
SECRET OF MARK PEPYS.

BY FRED J. PROCTOR, Author of "Timothy Twill's Secret," "Jean

liarlou," '`"Dr. Dobbs, " Scc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: This story is related by Sandy Dees, a Californian trader before the days of the gold rush. His employer, Mark Pepys, is in love with a Mexican girl, Lucia Diaz. Manuel Muro, a Mexican, also appears to love the girl, and Dees fears that he is plotting to take Pepys's life. He doubts the girl's good faith also. One night Pepys's store is ransacked and a half- breed on guard is killed. There is reason to believe that Muro and a band of Indians have had a hand in the affair. Pepys takes an oath to revenge the half-breed. Sandy Dees discovers that Pepys has a secret which prevents him ever returning to his native land, and the Scot tries to discover its nature.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
CIIAPTER V.

HOW LUCIA CONQUERED. Now Lucia Diaz wished to join our expedition, and, being a very impressionable woman, the task of curbing her high-bred nature was a difficult one. Mark shrugged his shoulders and pulled a long face, looking at me imploringly; but I shook my head.

"0 Mark!" she cried, brushing the tears from her iluslud face, which was the picture of winsome misery, "you have a poor estimate of a woman's love. If you make San Leno your headquarters in this raid—"

"It is no raid, Senorita," said I emphatically. "Then it is revenge—the Californian vendetta,' she retorted; "a revenge which robs me of my lover, and throws a cloud over the happiness of my life. 0 Mark! Mark!" she implored, "separa- tion would mean death for me."

"Nonsense, Lucia, you have too much courage for that," said Mark warmly. "Suicide is a coward's release."

Advancing with dignity, her breast heaving, and the tears flowing down her cheeks in spite of her resolution to conquer them, she cried "Why have you won my heart, to throw it aside as I would a soiled fan after a ball? Is my love naught to you, that you should trample my heart under your feet? Then, fiercely drawing her supple figure to its full height: "Who, think you, would care for Lucia Diaz, after the elite of California have coupled our names, and the Press, even in Wash- ington and New York, has spoken in glowing terms of our betrothal. And your excellent friend," she added, wheeling round with flashing eyes, "is the barrier between us—the cold and hard frost chilling your love! Why do you listen to this man, who would take you from me, break my heart, and per- haps gull you to your destruction? He shall not triumph! " she added, a vague anxiety shadowing her lovely face, as she sprang forward like an angry leopardess. Then, seeing the smile which unconsciously flitted across my face, she added : "I would kill you first! " "So ho, Mark!" I observed in English, as I shook myself free of her vice-like grip; "I said ye would hae trouble wi' this fiery beauty. You'll be the spinning-top, she'll whip." With one stride Mark was by her side, and lay- ing his hand firmly on her shoulder, he said : "Lucia, Sandy is my friend. You are acting like a petulant child." "0 Mark! " she cried, falling down and clasp- ing his knees, "forgive me, dear; I did not mean to pain you!" Then springing to her feet, a sudden red flush upon her cheeks, she threw herself on the sofa, and burying her face in the pillow swayed to and fro as though in deep mental distress. "Well, I'm hanged if I know what to do," said Mark gloomily; "she doesn't understand the dangers." "El corazon manda las carnes "she cried, guessing Mark's meaning. "The heart bears up the body," I observed; "she's a veritable Joan o' Arc on the Pacific coast "—here my voice was laden with sarcasm— "to whom toil must be sweet, an' recklessness honey, while the man o' her choice is tied to her apron strings. Pardon me, Mark," I added, as his eyes kindled and the Senorita, quick to com- prehend, disdainfully looked at me. "The.pro- position o' a lady joining us is so outrageous that rim, words o' mine are sufficiently strong to condemn the idea. It's madness far the Senorita to go. If speedy flight becomes necessary, she will be a drag upon us, an' a clog upon our movements every- whaur. Wumen to their duties an' place, is my motto."

"The fact is," retorted Mark, with better grace than my temper warranted, "you are a hater of the sex, and if she were an heroic nurse—a Florence Nightingale—you would turn up your nose at her. Now, lam not at all disintlined to listen. Come now, Sandy, waive your objection for once." The stronger the man the greater the influence of a pretty woman. "An' she goes," I urged, as though predestination were shaping our lives, "meeschief will brew sooner or later. An' so ye maun juist sing ems' to her tantrums! " "Oh, you always shout for water before the fire breaks out," he replied, roughly knocking down the finger with which I pointed at him. "You are an old. croaker! It is difficult to tell where diplomacy ends and deceit begins." "I've nee patience wi' a sane man running into danger," said I, with a bitterness which made him wince; "but there's some excuse for a lunatic." "So I thought," observed Mark, with galling irony, "when you were cajoled into visiting an Indian camp,. and got dead drunk on their own brewing. Look here, Sandy, I hate to see a woman in tears. We must come to some decision."

"My mind's no moved," said I emphatically; "so tak' the mistak' on yersel'. True, she sing!: richt well, but she canna wash a mutch, I waurant ! Lucia evidently guessed the purport of our con- versation, for she sprang to her feet, and, seizing my arm, said pathetically: "Why do you stand between us? " Then suddenly raising her voice she passionately cried : "There is peace in friendship, but danger in meddling! Is there some fair lily in yonder valley of which Pecos spoke, and will her love be to Mark as the spring showers and warm sunshine to the lovely flowers of Golden Vale? Beware, Mark, how you trifle with a Castilian's love!"

And turning upon me with flashing eyes she hissed between her pearly teeth: " Quien 'much° abraza pow aprieta ! " With a grimace at me Mark muttered: "Who grasps much holds little. Cave in, Sandy; she wins by a neck." Now Lucia walked disdainfully from the room, beautiful even in her temper. "Ye begin to see the claws o' the graceful panther," I observed, somewhat gingerly. "Scratch a Castilian an' ye'll find the de'il." "I anticipated this tempest, for, like the sun at sunrise, she was pale this morning, and the expres- sion of her face undefined." Upon hearing this admission I again advised him to abandon the idea of taking her with us; but he sent me headlong to a much warmer place than a Yellowstone geyser. .Lucia's rippling laughter silenced us as she came tripping into the room, her eyes dry, her bright face bathed in smiles, and her ruffled curls adding glory to her beautiful figure. "Forgive me, darling," she said, embracing Mark, in spite of my menacing countenance and his embarrassment. "I was wild and wicked to say such unkind things. It was a wilful fit of temper to get my own way, and I am ashamed of myself." "Lucia," observed her stalwart lover, accepting her contrition and kissing her forehead, "you are like a spoilt child; and tho more I give way to you, the harder it is to refuse you anything. Sandy," he added in English, "the man who swears most against petticoat government is the first to yield to its influence. Bow at the shrine of beauty." As a direct descendant of a puritanical Scotch family, I felt very uncomfortable as she fondly drew his arm about her waist, laid her cheek on his broad chest, and slyly looked at me from the corners of her scintillating eyes, as much as to say: "Ah, see; I have my own way in spite of you." She then tossed her head and laughed, observing in Spanish idiom what I gathered to mean "Happy the woman who is queen of a good man's heart." "Well, Sandy," said Mark, his face puzzled, and his voice full of doubt, "to be or not to be ? " "We're wasting precious time," I replied, look- ing dolefully out of the window and purposely turning my back to the suspicious Lucia. "Settle it ony way ye like." "Seeing that San Leno will be the base of opera- tions," he argued, "how would it be to give her charge of the ambulance and hospital? A woman of ready resource is always useful." "She canna either set a broken bone or amputate a limb," I answered peevishly. "She'll mak' a line muckle." Mark smiled, and replied: "Ah, but she can hold the bandages and make poultices."

===== 0002601_18981014_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
°No uncommon Inane, " answered recos, loosing somewhat bewildered by reason of our wrapt attention.

After probing the hunchback's memory in va;n Mark busied himself scanning those copies of the Times left by the Quaker's visitor, and I made bold to closely watch the effect of his perusal of several paragraphs. Lucia also evinced considerable interest in Mark's face. Presently he took out his knife, and cut out some advertisements, care- lessly tearing them up and dropping the pieces on the fireless hearth. He made a note in his pocket- book of the date of the newspaper, and evidently some reference to the special item. Not antici- pating watchers, he put the papers back on the side-table, and, after yawning, he endeavoured to snatch some sleep. Thereupon I casually took up the papers and found the eliminated advertise- ments had been marked round with blue pencil. They were among the legal notices, and as Mark had no blue pencil, I guessed the stranger from England had marked the papers. The mysterious dread which Mark apparently had of meeting! British detectives had excited my curiosity. "I must pick up the pieces," thought I, "for, if great trouble looms ahead for may boss,' I may be in a position to help or advise him. And yet there would not be anything very significant in the legal advertisements, or he had lit his pipe with them, and so destroyed the chance of a second party pasting the pieces together and reading the printed matter." I lingered over the papers a long while, and found my chin dropping on my chest several times. Then I passed near the hearth and stooped, but the bits of newspaper had disappeared! Lucia had gone to bed with the Quaker's wife, and no doubt she had foiled my purpose completely by slyly picking up the bits while I dozed. "Trust a wuman fer sagacity an' smartness. Like a fule I hae lost my chance. I wonder what method I can adopt to obtain possession o' those pieces? Can I onyhow worst the Spanish wuman ? " I had often worked out a proposition of Euclid in the dark as I lay in bed, but there was no chance of solving this question to-night, for, like the five wise virgins, we kept our lamps trimmed. At sunrise we revisited the scene of our night's adventure, and found the Indians had secured the dead and struck camp. This stimulated us to fresh exertion, and as Jip and our guide's experience convinced us the red men had gone by a detour in the direction of San Leno, we now took a straight course for that place, hoping to get within the ramparts before a-iy serious attack was con- templated.

I shall never forget the hurrahs, waving of handkerchiefs and hats, and the commotion among the garrison as we hove within range of their guns. "Thank God! we're juist i' the nick o' time," I observed to Mark, as we urged our fagged horses down the rough road. "The Indians are buzzing like bees round a honey-pot," he-answered. "If our missionaries would stop hame an' convert the heathen i' the slums o' our great cities," I argued, "it would be wiser than introducing muskets, powder, an' bullets amang Indian tribes fer our destruction." , "Missionaries are blamed for much,"Mars retorted, "that traders deserve. We have taken the besiegers by surprise, but if we get within the fort safe and sound, I think we can teach the rebels a lesson worth remembering. Lads, look to your firearms!" Just then an arrow sped from the door of an Indian hut, and struck the pommel of my saddle. "Crack! crack!" answered from the ramparts, , followed by the boom of a howitzer; and then the , whizz of arrows and crisp rifle-shots from the 1 red men.

A mustang was ;knocked over, the horseman rushing towards the fort on foot. Lucia DiaS miraculously escaped a hit from a bullet which slit her pony's ear; and Mark's wrist was grazed with an arrow.

A volley from the ramparts and a few shots from our party caused a stampede among the enemy. Covering our passage by a second volley, the garrison unbarred the gates, and time cannot efface the scene from my memory. Tears of joy trickled down the faces of even the sturdiest men as we rode safely within the walls. The grateful thanks of the women repaid us amply for the risk; and even the dear children danced and shouted them- selves hoarse, for they quickly comprehended that the deliverance of their parents was also their own, safety. As some of the men shook our hands their lips tried to shape words of congratulation, but great lumps rose in their throats, and the only thing they could do was to grasp our hands long and fervently. Some, whose age reminded me of the sear and yellow leaf of autumn, and who had stood adversity with heroic resignation, now sobbed aloud for joy. Mark, whose good-nature and courage had hitherto won admiration, was now worshipped as a deliverer. But the stern duty of defence stared him in the face, and to the disposi- tion of 'his forces he quickly applied himself. The gates were hardly closed and securell fastened when the redskins began to rally, and soon their menaces made it apparent we were threatened with a siege by a body of treacherous foes numbering, at least; five to our one. Seeing this I nerved my arm to the battle, and, doffing nal hat, said reverently: "The Lord preserve us!" (To be eostinued.)

A MOST GRAPHIC STORY TAKES FROM REAL LIFE. The unwrit en romances cf life are more wonderful and far more interesting than the most vivid works of fiction. The one we are about to relate occurrei in. real life, and is t oth interesting and instructive. Mrs. S. Williams, of Heighten, Newhaven, appeared to be suffering from a severe cold, which s-emed to be better in two or three days,little thinking wl at dangere were hidden behind. But we will eive her hueband'S own words : "Nearly two years ago my wife was taken very 11, with rhat appeared to he a vera severe cold, and after . two or three days the cold seemed t) be better, but the use of her right arm was gone. A doctlr Wes called in and ahe was ordered to bed, and the doctcr said it was an attack of acute rheumatiso. and he prescribed accordingly, but instead of gettieg better, she kept getting worse, and another doctor Wile partner) called, acd he gave the same opinion. A thir.d doctor, an assistant, called, and he said it was /them:eat° fever, and he altered the medicine. She got slight]," better, and was, after eight weeks in bed, able to get UP with assistance, but unable to walk or move. In two or three days' time she was as bed as ever again, in WC' worse, being weaker. The doctor said she mu.,t expect this, perhaps two or three times. She rallied egain,:creii to have a second relapse, and the consolation oshe g) from the doctor was.' I to'd you Co.' A friend rfl'miePr who had the same complaint, asirei why I didn't trY Warner's Safe Cure,saying be received great bereflOroal it. I weighed the matter over, and finding coy wife worse again at night. I determined to try it, and I went and procured a bottle of Safe Cure, and after Tr....y ?wife had taken this bottle, and two further bottles, ehe:'o3B able to get up and come downstairs in less than a fort' night, after ten weeks of agony and misery. Stte:still continued the Cure and had five bottles altogethcra Sh? was told she would have it again soon, and on some et the symptoms appearing after a slight chill, I got AL. other bottle of Safe Cure, and all was right again. this marvellous Cure accomplished in rave a fortnial? what three doctors and their medicine could not dot? ten wreks, and I think it only fair to giveithis est tet menial of the efficacy of the Safe Cure in such CI"; plaints. I may say she has had no return of the since, but whenever she gets a cold, and feels rather olt of sorts, I get some Warner's Safe Cure, and soon el" right.

The install hall in connection with the Market Hotel,Blrf ey, was on Tuesday morning completely destroyed by The damage is estimated at between £3,000 and £4,000. st An appalling tragedy was revealed on Tuesday morning. a place near Longton. btaffordshire, the body of a run.; woman named Bernisford, whose head had been 51120' severed from her body.being fount in a 114 d. The discovel;l, of a cap directed suspicion to a potter named Boraston whom the pollee found In bed with his throat so badly C' that he died within an hour. Upwards of 100 chiefs have keen arrested in Sierra Lecgle' and are now awaiting trial in Freetown Gael, for coMPII°3I in the recent murders of American missio

Some twenty horses, belonging to ab, semen, w bleb hale oliOn been turned into a field at Abingdon, have died trona p bou, under circumstances whicb have not t en ascertain6d. twenty others showed symptome of poisoning.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18981014_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(a (6

===== 0002601_18981014_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18981014_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18981014_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
White to Way and win. GAME No. 3 LAIRD AND IA XDY.

The following game wis played rec'mtly between Mr. D. Plins'n,hoti secrerary,Warrington Draurats League, and the Draughts Editor. White, Air. PluistAi ; Black, the Draughts Editor. ii- 23—n) 8-11 13 22-17 31 9 —IZ, 6 17 —1 s 01,1.9- 10-17 12 21 —l4 27 15 —l3 18- 33- 61— 8 9- 22-15 25—!

-18 19-25 10-15 -2) (c),2-13 26-22 -17 8-11 3 8 -26 26-23 20-16 -9 1 6 11-27 -16 23-18 18-4 -19 5- 9 9-14 -28 30-26 4- 8 -27 7-10 27-3]. -16 16— 7 8-11 -IS 2-11 31-26 -22 28-24 Blask Wins.

NOTES BY THE DRA.IIGIITS EDITOR.. (,) Welk, 26-23 or 24 —2O being much stronger. White's gatne is a comolete wreck aftor this hreak-uo. 14-10,7-14, 25-22, 18-25, 20-6 is „It tich strongsr and white has itn even game. \`) Can any of our readers show a satisfactory draw for whit after this ?

_ TR&P.3 FOR 'NE UNWARY. NO. 3. 0 The following trap is brought up from the Single '°l'ner Game as folio 47s :- 11. —l5 16-20 8 -12 11- 16 22-18 25-22 32-28 18-15 15_22 8-11. 10-15 14-18 25-18 24-19 19-10 23-1.4 12_46 4 8 7-14 9-18 29-2.5 28-24 30-25 (1). 15-11 losea. forming the diagram below. -.3Litic.]

-23 .18 11-2 .27 16-20

5-30 Blasi( Wins.

31 -- 24 2-9 Variation (1), 25-23 draws as follows :- 26-23 1-26 2-6 6-2 3-7 31-22 14-10 5-9 23-1 a 21-17 6-9 2-7 6-10 I'-15 10-6 16-19 15-6 17-14 9-14 Drawn. NEWS OF THE GAME. atr°2l lionday evening a meeting was held in Cairo- -1)4 "t Scho I Rooms in connection with the War- tivegtoo Draught's League, the following representa- C :1 being present :-Mr. F. Dunne (Warrington D. Club), Mr. E. W. Clark (Penketh D. Club), Donaghy (Padgate D. Club). Mr. S. Albin- (Stockton Heath D. Club), Mr. D. Plinston. (CM ro-street D. Club). qt. P. Dunne having been elected to the chair. 1110;,.the secretary and treasurer having presented foA- report FITI 1 balance sheet for last season, the n"iring officials were re-elected :-Chairman, Mr. trine; hon. treasurer, Mr. E. W. Clark, bon. ;ataxy. Mr. D. Plinston, jour. titt! Was decided that the Leigue Committee 14:13(1 the rooms of the Warrington Chess and teilitghts Club (Mr. G. H. Toft's restaurant, No. 5, earl mzrket-street) on Monday evening next Mr. Perris will present the trophy to the Vtling Club, viz., the Warrington Chess and raegh that -t5 ChM—Most, of our readers will recollect last season Mr. Perris, Sankey-street, Presented -1411ilicent board and set of men for competition the Draughts Clubs of Warrington, which Warrington Chess and Draughts Club were in winning. tha Re further decided that the rate of scoring in ‘aefesent s,asou would he two points for a win, "tie Point, each for a tie in each match. br4ar, the close of the meeting a vote of thanks was t°'ed to Mr. Chalmers, of the Pelican Hotel, Rift e!‘tnarket-street, for his valuable and generous Leti Or a Silver Cup to be competed for among the tre Clubs; which clip. will shortly be exhibited tt5,,,,,e Window of Mr. A. Woods, jeweller, Sankey- sheet showed a total income of 15s. the expenditure of 95., leaving a balance of 63. in Aft-lids of the treasurer. „,;" a few more preliminaries it was decided to ktv,;"rti the meeting until October 24th in order to _eh 'lnv clubs who have a desire to join the league ritT'e' or doing S. The secretary's address is jun., King's Arms Hotel, Butter- et-street, Warrington.

l!lb°n1

Iltiqeel

Or, Monday evening, Mr. F. Dunne, the well- -5t Watrinoton expert. paid a visit to the rooms Pvigat;e Draughts Club,to give an exhibition ultaneo.is drnughts-playin7. Out of 13 games h Mr. Dunne was engaged, he succeeded in 10bi11,_412 12 and drawing the remaining one. at Mr. .1. Roberts, (also of the Warriorton CheQs qtiwura..- ughts Club) was his opponent, At the COD- of play the players adjourned for light re- where Mr. Grainger proposed and %II; tai -ser svended a hearty vo'e of thanks to I.l,lrintlfl for his excellent and useful exhibition. Mr. having suitably responded, the proceedings 'Qat enjoyable evening were brought ;to a

THINGS OF THE PAST. " All my life was troubled with hoarseness. bad cough, short breath, severe headache, pain in ears, and was quite deaf. I used Aerial Medication in 'M— it quite restored my health and hearing, which has been per- fect ever since." Miss A. STRRETON, 2, Wood Street, Luton Beds, FREE. .

To prove -beyond doubt that Aerial Medication Is a positive cure for deafness, catarrah _ I will, for a short time, send t tor three months' treatment, tree For n`,4111 An d particulars, address—J. H. Moon; M.D.. Dt•lrl6, Bloomsbury, London, W.O.

Iseases,

Du

• - t,Z:‘.:_"" teOkt It:11R " (117:t:7

0 , , -/ . 4D V 4 e/ J /1 7 rz, Q ,/• 0 / r% .1 n 0,7 , , '4 Izz, /. 0 , _o. r•Jo 7/ 7 , . ~,, 1 _ ~ , 0 ~, c) A 40)•CD r IVZ ° r --......_ • ,. A [wERTE]. 2-7

===== 0002601_18981014_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
,•CA.PITAT." CHAT.

It is difficult to get at the reasons which have induced the inhabitants of St. Pancras to reject the adoption of the Public Libraries Act by a majority ot 3429. Since 1894, when the last poll was taken on the same question, the adverse majorits has more than doubled. In another large metropolitan parish, that of Marylebon.eatie anti-library majority has also prevailed, but in the latter case it shrank from 4263 in 1895 to 376 in the present year. But in St. Pancras the party of enlightenment brought forward all its forces, which were not much more than in 1894. On the other hand, the anti-library party has increased by over 2900. The latter party has been working hard for months wherever the library party was badly organised. But the value of a library is a point that required no argument in support of it, and the reason must therefore be f sought outside the canvassing. The parish is full of small shopkeeP hatvhiirs heavily rented, and, therefore, enengselyee a desperate struggle to live, to read. Most of them ahnigdh highly rated, s probably object to pay for a supply of novels for young women with little or nothing to do. The Lord Mayor and Corporation intend to hon- our the Sirclar upon a scale of great brilliancy. There will be two events —the presentation of the freedom of the City,and of a sword of honour in the afternoon at the Guildhall, and a state dinner at the Mansion house in the evening. For the former about 2;000 invitations will be issued. At the evening banquet, such officers as took part in the Soudan operations who may have returned to Lon- don will be present, and in other respects the capa- cious dining hall will be filled with official guests. The Lord Mayor is inundated with applications for aneinvitation, and most of the applicants have to accept the humi:iation of a polite refusal, grounded on the plea of want of room. Owing to the Fashoda complication attention has been withdrawn from the attitude of the Khedive in relation to the Khartoum success, although I understand it is a cause of coasiderable anxiety at the Foreign Office. It may be remem- bered that the first congratulatory telegram that reached the British agency at Cairo was from the Emperor William, and that similar messages from Her Majesty and Lord Wolseley quickly followed. On the news of the victory becoming more widely known congratulations poured in from all parts. The Khedive might naturally have been expected to sand cordial greetings to the Sirdar, being more directly interested than anyone else in the result of the battle. His reticence at such a moment was decidedly equivocal; and even more remarkable was his absence on General Kitchener's return to Cairo. The conduct of Abbas is another sign of revolt egeinst the cenditions which secured his father Towfik on the Khedival throne, and which alone can keep Abbas, and his dynasty there. A few years ago the Khedive dismissed his Ministers right and left and appointed others,in open defiance of Lord Cromer. His present action goes far to create a very difficult and menacing position. At a similar moment of friction Lord Granville wrote to Lord Cromer—" It should be made clear to the Esypti an Ministers and governors of provinces that ' the responsibility which for the time rests on England obliges Her Majesty's Government to insist 'on the adoption of the policy which they recom- mend, and that it will be necessary that those Ministers and governors who do not follow this course should cease to hold their offices." Mr. Edward Hamilton, whose death was recently announced, was, 1 find, Mr. Gladstone's exact. con- temporary at Eton. They entered the school on the same day. When Mr. George Russell was writing his monograph on Mr. Gladstone in the series of" The Queen's Prime Ministers" he deter- mined to make a special study of the Eron days, which previous biograpb ere had mostly ignored. The difficulty was that though some of Mr. Gladstene's predecessors at Eton were still alive, his own gene- ration had almost entirely perished. In this diffi- culty Sir Edward Hamilton, of the Treasury (son of that Bishop of Salisbury who expressed such deep obligations to Mr. Gledstone'e influence on him in his schooldays) recommended Mr. Ressell to apply to his uncle, Mr. Hamilton. of Charters. This was done, and Mr. Hamilton. whoee memory was re- markably exact, furnished the greater part of that account of the Eton school-days which formed the- best part of Mr. Russell's book. Out of these recol lections one curious point of controversy arose. Mr. Hamilton said that young Gladstone, though he was fond of rowing, took no part in school games, and this statement duly appeared in the mono- graph. When it came to Mr. Glacletene's know- ledge be was highly indignant, declared that he had played both cricket and football and was in the second eleven at cricket, and desired that the erroneous statement might he correct el in a later edieion, which was duly done. The very circumstantial story published a few days ago, that the Abyssinian Emperor had made over a coaling station on the Red Sea to Russia, is not credited in military and navel circles here. At all events, it create no alarm in any coateer. Accord- log to that story, an old right of Alres-inia to some noeition on the Red Sea coast Was raked out of ob- livion, but nobody seems to know what Ahvaainien ruler ever owned a strip of the Eel Sea (neat in the neighbourhood of Zsila and Obnir. The gory is n revival of earlier rumours of a similar kind which had ne foundation. It is more probably an in- ference from Russia's desire for a Red Sea coaling station. Rumour asserted that Russia coveted Ra- heita, on the Red Sea littoral, as a coaling station end it is the same place that is no TV by gossip as- signed to her. Raheita, since 1861. ha e been under the protection of Italy. who on the previous occa- sions invariably warned Russia off. Previous te 1861 it was in the possession nf Egypt. en that Menelik must go a long way back to foand an Abyssinian claim. Russ*a will scarcely raise a question with Italy as to the possession of tbe station, which in time of peace can hardly be needed for commercial purposes, and in time of war could be of no use. . _

Maior lElroslie. it will be remembered, was in commend If the battery of the Royal Artillery, in the recent fighting at Omdurman. which fired the Lvddite shells. He hes already retunned to this country. and the War Office lost no time in sum- moninir him to a conference. in order that it mil,-.,ht ascertain from him his official ()Pinion on their effi- cacy, He was in consultation with the military authorities for a considerable time, and I holi.vA it is their intention to nrnceed with the manufacture of the shell unnn an nxtensive scale. For this put- plea plant will be laid down at once at Woolwich and elsewhere,and in a very short time the Govern- ment will possess a large stuply of this formidable missile. The accounts of its nsrformances in the Soudan which are current in the service clubs have fired the imagination of old campaigners, who will hear when Parliament meets of the intentions of the Government with reference to its manufacture and use. The London County Council nt its mestinct on Tuesday decided to complete the vurchnse of the South London tramways for £850.000. About 2 1-8 miles of line are already in roaqesoirm or the Coun- cil. Starting on the Ist January, 1899. the Council intends to work the tramways itsslf. It is pro- -1 posed to run the care durinc the night at half-hourly intervals, and the Committee has promised to reduce

the hours of the men engaged in the working of the trams. An important experiment in electric traction is to be carried out in the West End by means of the overhead system. The Council has Riven permission to the Company controlling the lines in this district to erect the necessary wires.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ASSESSMENT

COMMITTEE.

A meeting of this oommittee WAS held in the Board- room at the Workhouse on Friday. Mr G Piling pre- sided,and there were also present :—Messrs A. J Joltey,A JoPey, J Billinge, J Clarke, J Johnson,Williarn Hickman. with Mr J C Sutton (clerk), Mr S Sutton (assistant clerk), Mr Owen (valuer),Mr J L Tunstall,Mr Brimeiow, aryl Mr Wright (assistant overseers). Mr.o wen (valuer) reported that since the last m,eting , be had made the following,' valuations and inspectiens as instructe I : the Township of Warrington : Messrs. Richmond and Co., Limited, works Aeaderny-stre t Toe to'al assessment of th ,se works h gross £559 10s. rateable £462 103. Ile was of opinion that a reduction of one-fifth should be made in consequence of the buildings which had been thrown out of use through the late fire. Tirs wou'd make the assossmmt for the present, gross £447 10s: rateab'e £370. In the Township of Poulton : Mr, Joseph Bennett; appealed against the assess,nent on 7 acre 3,29 perches of land,gross £2o,rateable £l3 103. nue land was to Mind Mount Cottage and some al pining hous^s in Padgste-INne. The area is now reduced to 4 acres, 1 rood 3 perches by the erection of houses along Pad,gate-'ane and by the Cheshire Lines Railway on its westerly side. The field is let by the owner, Mr. Joseph Bonn ,tsto Mr John Bennett for £l2 per annum. He (Ar Owen) was of (minim the assessment should be reduc'd to the rent which would be gross £l2, rateable £ll. In the Township of South worth-witts-Croft, Mr Berry ap pealed against the assessment on Turret Hall Farm, buildings gross £3o.r,t sable £27 • TATO 96 acres, 1 rood 17 issrches.izross £lB7, rateable £l6B 103. Hs had cirri pared this assessment with that of three adjoining farm, with a gross acreage of 458 acres and he found that the assessments were almost in exalt proportion, so that he was of opinion,after having inspected the farm, that the assessment should st mi.—The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BANKRUPTCY CM it f.

Fainay.7Before_Mr,Ridgway (vgistrar).

, Re PATRICE THOINLAS MC Cues—This debtor appeared for his re-examination in hanltruptcy.—Mr. Potter (assistant official receiver) stated that the debtir had filed certain accounts which cleared up as far as possible his affairs. The answers he gave to the printed ques- tions were very full, and there were only sire or two points which required explaining. The accounts cleared those up as far as possible. The trustee lid not require any further particulars, and he (Mr. Potter) proposed, with the Registrar's permission, to close the examina- tion.—The deb' or having signed the usual dnuments, the examination was closed. BANKRUPT THROUGH A FROBIISSORY NOTE . —Samuel Mmis,2enaral toll maker,Lymm,who carried on business in partnership with his brother appeared for his first public examination in bankruntcy.—Mr. Welfard, solicitor, represented the debtor.—The assistant Official Receiver said in this case tirre was only one liability, excepting. £l6s for rent,and that was £75 liability under a prom' ss )ry note for secavity. The debtor had given the fullest answers at the Official Race:ver's Office, and it would be a waste of time to pursue the examination. —The Registrar closed the examination. ' FAILURE OF A WARRINGTON BUTCRE R.—Harry Hart- ley, now residing at 108, Sharp-street, Warrington, and formerly carrying an business as a butcher at Priestley-street, also appeared to undergo his first public examination in bankruptcy.—Mr. Fowler represented the debtors—The assistant Official Re-eiver said the liabilities in this case were less than ia the preceding one. They any amounted to £5B 163., and there was really nothing to examine the debtor about.— This examination was also closed.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PETER'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON.

SALE OF WORK.

With the object of raising funcis-Wri.behalf of a new organ for St. Petor'a Church, a sale of work was opened in the schoolroom, John-street, on Thursday afternoon by Mr. J. Charlton Parr, S.F., DL. The articles for sale had been tastefully arranged on a number of stalls, and were of a useful and ornamental description. The stalls and stall holders are as follows :—Vicarage stalls (3), Mrs. Percival, Mrs. Pearson, Mrs. Radcliffe, Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. Bennett, the Misses Broadbent, and Mrs. Payne; Sunday school teachers' stall. Miss Williams, Mss Knott, Miss Boardman, and Mrs. Taylor; church- wardens' stalls (2), Mrs. Bamforth, Mrs. Lingley, and Mrs. Stanley, Ms. Cox, and Miss Bancroft; flower stall.' Mrs. Edgar, Mrs. Gandy, Miss Kent, and day schocl teachers •, book stall,the Misses Brookes,and Mrs. Carter; sweet stall, Miss Taylor, Miss Wilson, Miss Oldfield,Miss Watkins, and Miss Byrne; refreshment stall,Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Watkins, Mrs. Plunkett, Mrs. Taylor (Orford Barracks), Miss Byrne, Mrs. Atkinson and Mrs. Oilfield. 1 Amongst those present at the opening ceremony on Thursday afternoon in addition to the stallholders men- tioned were :—The Rev. B. Percival (vicar), the Rector and M's. Willis, the Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Pigot, Mr. S. Charlton Parr Mr. P. Eizar, Mr. T. Bamforth, the MisseS White, Beamont, Mrs, Joseph Harrison. Mrs Willcocks, Mrs. Sharps, Mrs. Smethurst. Mrs. Ssgar Owen, and Mrs. Carleton. The VICAR in course of a few introductory remarks' said it was a little over seven years since St. Peters Church was consecrated. Thee had an organ chamber, and if they could raise about £350 they would be able to get the foundation for a good organ. Last year, Tubilee year, they decided to raise a little sum, and on Jubilee day they had a special offertory which realised £26 or £27, made up in a small sums of money. Since that time the sum had been autmented by small collections to about £33, and they hops.' to raise the remainder during the three days of the present sale. He hoped that all who could possibly assist them would do so. (Applause). Mr. PARR said he stool in the somewhat anomalous poaition of a substitute, for he regretted to say that Mn. Parr, owing to Unavoidable ciraumst Ames, had been disanpointel of the nleasure she anticipated of opening the sale of work. He need not remind them that the district did not abound in wealthy people.but on the contrary was one of the p-orest districts in Waeringtan, and where it was most difficult to find the needful. He was sure that the object for which the sale of work was held would commend itself to thorn, for those who had had an experience of a church with-ut music as he had, would very warmly appreciate the object of the sale. Ha declared the sale ooen. (App'auee.) Mr. Parr's services were acknowledged on the praposi- Von of Mr. BAAIFIEITH. soiconded by Mr. P. En 0412 The receipts for the day amount() I to £54 9s. DJ. FRIDAY'S PHOCERDINGS.

The sale was again opened on Friday afternoon before a f airlv-large company by Mr. Belmont. The VICAR in opening the proneedinga expressed the hope that they might have a somewhat similar re,ult from that day's sale. Ile wiched to do soneething which he omittei ti dooi the previous day and that was to thank all those who had in any way contributed to that sale of work by gifts or by their personal service. He was very grateful to Mrs.fleamont for coming there, and he would ask all present to do their hest to 'Wards enabling the workers in connection with St. Peter's to realize the object in view. (Applause.) Mrs. BEMIONT, in declaring the sale of work open, spoke of the harmonious relations which existed amongst all connected with St. Peter's. Cooncillor Joism ROBERTS ploposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. Beamont for her prrs,nca that day, and referred to the great assistance which had been rend red to St. Peter's narish by Mrs. Bramont and hr late husband. Mn. BAMFORTR seconded the vote of thanks which Was cordially carried, and the gale then commenced.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
" SOCIALISM AT WOREC."

On Thursday last week at the Cairo-street school,Mr.F. Brocklehurst, 8.A., (Manchester City Council),delivered lecture on the above subject. There was a fair atten- dance. Mr. J. Podmore junior occupied the chair and introduced the Lecturer to the company. The Lecruasn said it was four years since be had lectured in Warrington and during that time he had travelled a great deal, and had had many experiences. He had seen experiments of what people called Socialist Colonies, but they were not true experiments. They did more harm than good to Socialism. What were they ? Nothing but combinations of men and women who despaired of society. Socialism meant a transformation of the whole of society and that transformation could only be done by men living a social life. Socialism was very old and began practically when two people agreed to dwell and live together. Wherever men combined over anything, that was socialism.. Take for example the administration of justice In matters of wrong-doing. Socialism was there represented. Under the old law of Goel it was a man's most solemn duty to kill his brother's murderer. But now society bad limited the scope of individuals, and said " we must do for you what you originally did for yourself." What was originally a duty had become crime. The fundamental principle underlying the change was socialism. The change had taken place gradually, and so socialism would advance gradually. Socialism would one day make it unnecessary for a man to fight with his brother for daily bread. Moral obliga- tion had been taken from rnan, and toms day material obligations would also be taken from him. Those socie- ties which had beeome more socialistic had become more civilized. There was so much socialism in society that man failed to observe it. The formation of limited industrial concerns was only one of the tendencies towards socialism. They bad seen how socialist tenden- cies had developed within the last few years- Socialism was inevitable. It was the next stage in industrial life. If they would take any municipality iu this country, they would find it was honeycombad with socialism. Our streets were part of a socialistic plan, and one day land would be the same. Socialism was shewn in all those municipal properties such as the trams, water, lighting, libraries, parks, and bands, ec. They were all for the common good whether one used them or not. In fact there was a general tendency in the public life towards socialism, and they were wife men who recog- dised its force. Men often thought they were opposing socialism when they were going in for the municipalisa- tion of train services. Socialism had been created by no man, it had simply been interpreted. Socialism was simply a social evolution. The goal of true socialism, was fraternal endeavour.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
A REMARKABLE SIORY.

The following facts were obtained at first hand and are wholly accurate and trustworthy. The story has no likeness to the numerous wonder tales Which have no better foundation than gossip and imagination. The occurrence, should it prove to be true, was deemed of se great importance that a special messenger was detailed to visit the spot with instructions to inquire carefully and thoroughly into every point of the case ; with the understanding that if his investigation bore out the statements earliest made, a sufficiently full account was Ito be published for the information, and benefit of the public. His report being clear and satisfactory, a con- densed summary of it is here given : It seems that a respectable family named Skinner re- sides at 34, High Stret,Banbury, Oxon. In the summer of 1895 a son, William Skinner, now about eighteen years old, met with an actident —a heavy fall, such as expected he would soon Y no bones were bmriogkhetahaanpdp ehni st for iaennydos nne t uFr aolrl tyuna ts I get over it. But he did not. Instead of recovering is strength he became weak and irritable. Although there was no injury calling for surgical interference, the lad's system appeared to be profoundly shikei. His appetite, previously robust, as with all healthy fellows of his age, grew poor and fitful. The attempt to build him up on food was consequently a failure. The liquid food, of which he took a limited amount, bad no effect. He gained no strength from it. In spite of medical treat- ' meat young Skinner lost flesh at a frightful rate, his bones thre 'toning t) protru le thrall gh the skin. alarming. He was conetantly twitch hie and totally un- able to sit still or to remain quiet. Bad as his experi- ence was by day he was al wave worse at nig et. He obtained so little material sleep that the doetor was (") - liged to administer sleeeing draughts—a course which no medical man adopts when it can be avoided. When awake, so great was the poor boy's nervousness, that be could not endure to be approached or sookea to. The very sight of him is sail by the neighbours to have be n a pitiable one to witness. People who caged to see him out of sympathy and to offer any services they might be able to render; wore of one mind ; they said he could not possibly recover. Looking upon his son's deplorable and apparently hopeless sta'e his broken-hearted mother said, " I pray that God may take him,"

Yet merciful death did not corns to his relief. For over two years he lingered on, sometimes a trifle better, as was believed, and then relapsing into his former con- dit:on. The local doctor diagnosed the disease as St. Vitus' dance, and treated the patient for several months en that theory of the case ; unhappily without rood re- sult. In view of obtaining the highest medical opinion of this mysterious affliction the lad was then taken for examination to the National Hospital,Lonion,and after- wards admitted to the Banbury Hospital, where he rea mained three months, with no material improvement ; the physicians' judgment being that there was no hope for him. Thus nearly a year went by.

In May, 1896, his indefatigable mother—who fought for her offspring as only mothers will—on a letter of re- commendation took the poor striken boy to the Con- valescent Home at Eastbourne, and then again to the National Hcspital in London, with no better outcome than before. On his return home William Skinner was to all appearance a complete wreck, his mind being quite unhinged. He was tenderly replaced in bed, as much dead as alive, and there remained, virtually a breathing corpse, month after month, season after season. His inherent vitality, has unconscious bold on life, surprised all who saw him. But plainly, the end could not be much longer delayed. Events now bring us to September, 1897, when the unexpected happened, as it so often does. frisnd of the family, Mrs. Jewell of Sibford, called. In conver- sation on the bey's illness she urged the immediate use of a remedy known as Mother gel what it had done for her husband at a time when other Sei's Syrup, telling treatment was unavailing. On this advice Mrs. Skinner acted; taking responsibilities upon herself. In a short time—when the sufferer's desperate state is considered —there was a marked improvement. Ho emit eat with same relish, the food causing no distress or reaction. Other medicines were entirely laid aside and depen- dence placed on this one alone : but the result justifieo 83 this seemingly rash prccoiding. Little by little the lad gained r thestrength gve climbing, to speak, from the verge As his bsdil grow stronger his mind cleared and brightened. T., the amazement of friends ra ; o and physicians in two months' time he was able to leave the bOUSO and go about. At the date of this writing, rs February 4, 1898, William Skinner is in r)bust health, and thehis is but a all past two yea mother insists that his life wf nsast. f ag mmpo savedin terribleb yeorthreir. i esn 9 Hisei Ig e: otSyrup, and nobody of the jusuy who followed the case from the start is ins'inel to dispute her opinion.

_ With a frankness which (Iles them honour s3veral of the doctors concede the marvellous cure, and say that probably the lad's fall caused a shock which produced a profound disturbance, almost amaunting to an over- throw, of the 'digestive functions, which in turn re• acted on the nerves—the foes et origo j beinz the digestion. The rernedy alluded to removed that at the last possible moment and recovery followed.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neitness and Despatch.

SPECIALITY: Auctioneers' Sale Bills. Catalogues, Conditions of Sale, Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts. Soirees, Balls. &e. : Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies ; Cricket Club RulPs,Time Sheets and Books,Note Headings,Memorandums,Work Notes Bill Reads, Business, Visiting and Mourning Cues, Handbills, &a. Solicitors, Merch nts, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description arel:requested to give a trial.

JOHN WALKER AND CO iG-E1 E4XAMINER' OPTICE' BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
60, 61 & 62, DUNHILL ROW, LONDON, E.C.* ****sk

* *

4. -*,

4Pi .t•I• . r-"I 4.. • .0' • 11,- + rAki . ti j ej,k' il + • , ;;,ii ris 44. \' \ (.! l• ~ , (2 ~...... 4*\\l \\. ~ g v \ 11' N, _so,` AIEVO• ' —4 \Ak.:14.1.,:\ +*4tcw''' . -\...\\,0 —\., „:-----N) - y ,t,.7......./.. , , -1 I \ ' \..,_C•4:).1 4* ‘‘ (^•‘\ t "r4t4P Iti* * IR: r ,‘ ,k .f .- e , ......... . 41• 1 ''t 14* c: ..e7tp: -. • - -I.o;'''' \. c 4t .244 4 . 7Nt ''' \d .2*'''' ),,,vir ~\„:„. „.. ) ;sr' Aq\ ,i • kl \ j CfA ~,,,k:............ tk ) \-j A _....:.. —_---,- n at, A

===== 0002601_18981014_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WOMEN'S LIBERAL

ASSOCIATION.

ANNUAL MEETING.

- -- The fourth annual meeting of thii Association took place at the Liberal Club on Monday evening. There Was a good attendance.the meeting being preceded by as tea, after which Mrs. Ziba Armitage took the chair be- ing supported by Mrs. H. Roberts (treasurer) and Miss Bessie Dutton. Mrs. ARMITAGE expressed her regret at the absence of Mrs. Grimshaw, their secretary, Mrs. Rodger and Mrs. Adounfield. Mrs. Grimshaw and Mrs. Mounfleld had been ill, but they all hoped they would soon be better. Mrs. Walker also was unavoidably absent. Yet although they had a good attendance they missed many oftheir friend whom they were accustomed to see at those meetings. She would like to say a word about the organization of the Women's Libsral Federation whose headquarters were in London. Delegates from all the associations throughout the country went up there each year. This year Mrs. Rodger and Adios Dutton attended on behalf of the Warrington Association. Coming nearer home there was the Lancashire and Cheshire Women's Liberal Asso- ciation, with headquarters in Manchester, and the Federal Council of the Lancashire and Cheshire Women's Libsral Associations, with headquarters in Liverpool. They had been affiliated to both these, but now they had decided to belong only to the Liverpool Association, because the Manchester Association had gone in very strongly for making women's suffrage a test question with all the Parliamentary candidates. They refused to work for a Liberal candidate for Parliamen- tary honours who would not vote for women's suffrage. They in Warrington felt that they must work for the Liberal candidate whether he believed in wonsen's suff- rage or not. (Hear, hear.) At a meeting at Liverpool a little while ago it was decided to hold a conference at Blackburn, and to thoroughly talk over this test ques- tion. There was a good deal of heart-burning over the question, both in Manchester and Liverpool, and she hoped EOM satisfactory conclusion would be arrived at. (Applause.) Mrs. Grimshaw as secretary should have read her rapore that evening, and in her absence she (the president), would read it.

THE REPORT. We opened our session on October let, 1897, by a tea meeting at the Liberal Club, at which Mrs. Solly, of Cape Colony,gave a very interesting address on" South African Politics." There were not so many members present as we could have wished, being an incoaveaient evening (Friday), but three new members were enrolled, whi± was very gratifying. On October 15th lilies Bal. garnie gave an address en " Women of the Victorian Age." The meeting was fairly well attended, but again we were obliged to have it on the unfortunate Friday. We had a very encouraging meeting on Monday,Decem- her 13th, when Mrs. 4tswart Brown gave a very clear and interesting address 6n current patios. The attend- ance was good, and a general interest was awakened. In January the annual ball was held, which was well. attended and well-managed. The summer picnic also was a decided success. Mrs. Armitage added that there had been an increase of 30 in the membership during the year. (Applause.) Mrs. ROBERTS (treasurer) submitted the annual state- ment of accounts, which shewed that the year was com- menced with a balance in hand of 12s. 611., and at the bankers of £2O Os. 2d. Items of income brought the total receipts to £53 7s. 4. At the close of the year there was a balence in haul of £1 6s. Bid., and cash at the bank £l7 155. sd. The reports were adopted. Miss DUTTON said she rejoiced that they had been in existence now about seven years, and they were still living and thought they were flourishing. They had had 30 new membets lately. Sometimes people told them they were dead, but they knew they lived and it was very awkward. (Laughter). Mrs. Rodger and she derived much:pleasure and profit in attending as dele- gates of the Warringeem branch the Federation meetings in London. Severe years ago Lady Carlisle came to their great Liberal bazaar, and she was instrumental in having formed a Womea's Liberal Association in Warrington. As president of the year she presided at the London meetings, and they were very pleased to see her. She made a splendid opening speech. practical, real, and helpful. She moved the adoption of the annual report. Then Mrs. Eva McLaren, the treasurer, a lady well-known and beloved in that association, pleaded tor increased funds. rhe qv estien afterwards arose as to the pay- ment of public sneakers, and still retain their seat on the ex,cutive. It was considered to be reasonable that they ehould be paid and not lose their seat Oa the execu tive, and a motion to that effect was carried. Then there were motione on some Rule and the Disestablish- merit of the Weiss Church. They all felt that Ireland should have the direction of its own taxation and ether matters, and they had no hesitation in voting for Hema Rule. They also felt that Wales should not have a church which was in an anomalous position.and they voted for disestablishment. Afterwards come a motion with re- ference to women as ceunty councillors. They had woman on boards of guardians and parish councils. There was one lady present in the room whom they were very glad was on the Board of Guardians for Warrington. In Warrineton they had done a vary good work. (Ap- plause.) The meeting thought it desirable that women should have an opportunity of sitting on county coun- cils. There wer3 still doors open. and if they kept peg- ging away at the question soiree result was sure to fol- low. Then came the knotty question of women's suffrage. They knew what a burning question that was. Mrs. Price Hughes made a vigorous spnech for it and Mrs. Stewart Brown also. Both were very convincing. Everyone voted for a motion in favour of women's suf- frage. It was proposed that they should not vote for a candidate who was not in favour of women's auffrege. A great many said they had no right to help a candidate who did not help them,and that provoked'a great variety of opinion. They from Warringtoa considered it should not be regarded as a test question, because if it WAS women Liberals would be practically working for the Conservatives CO cases where the Libnral did not favour women's suffrage. The majority were against it being regarded as a test question. Toe minority asked for a division, and on the vote it was found that 171 were on one side and four or five hundred on the other. The Indian Frontier ques- tion was afterwards discussed, and then came the far more interesting question to them, of prison reform. The feeling of the meeting was that a reform iii the management and conduct of prisons was desirable. Another interesting philanthropic question was the labour question as it affected women, and it was consi- dered by the meeting that legislatioa with regard to the dangerous trades was necessary. On the subject of vaccination a motion was passed to the effect that it should not be compulsory where people had a conscien- tious objoction. A discussion also took place on the temperance question, and a motion for local veto was unanimously adapted. (Applause.) Mies GORN&LL tastefully sang a couple of songs, Miss Walker accompanying. Mr. Mounfleld proposed a vote of thanks to Miss Dutton and the Misses Gomel' and Walker.—Mr. F. 11. Roberts seconded, and the motion was carried with enthusiasm.—Miss Dutton having re- plied, the meeting was brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON SOLDIER AT

===== 0002601_18981014_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
OMDURMAN.

BATTLE EXPERIENCES.

Mr. E. Sykes, of 25' Willis-street, Manchester- road, has received the following interesting letter from his son, Pioneer Edward Sykes, of the Grena- dier Guards who took part in the great battle at Omdurman. The letter reals as follows ; exclu- sive of person matter not for publication : Omdurman, September 6th 189 S.

"Safe and sound as ever after the battle I I need not tire you by telling you about the march here, as it was a very trying one. We left Albara camp and proceeded to Khartoum. All went well until about August 30th when we first came in touch witb the enemy's outposts and forced them to retire. On September Ist we caught sight of the whole of the Khalifa's army lying in trenches, and waiting for us to attack them, which our commander would not do as he wanted to get his whole force to- gether. We had to keep awake all night, waiting, ready if they attacked us.At last,raorning came,and about 6 a.m. we could see them coming about 3 miles off. There were 33,000 of them, armed with spears,svvords, and daggers, As they rushed towards us they yelled their war-cry, which sent a thrill through us. When we got about 2,700 yards from them we opened fire and then a squadron of their horsemen charged us, but we shot them down to a man, and almost all the horses dashed away riderless. We continued firing and at last our artillery smt shells at them, and you could see them scattering in all directions. 'Twas a sight never to be forgotten I They then tried to attack our left, but the Sou lanese fought like bricks and sent the Dervishes back. They then retreated to the hills and we followed them, and after seven hours' and a half hard fighting we retired to oar camp, having scattered them in all directions, and having won a hard fight. saw some terrible sights. One man had his arm blown off, and he trisd to stab one of our fellows who was giving him a drink. Another fellow ran him through and through with a bayonet. The day after the battle we went oat countihg the bodies of the Dervishes who were killed, and four battalions who were out counted about 20,000. Our Regiment was very lucky, not one man being killed, though we had a few wounded, I think we leave here to go down the Nile and then to England to-morrow. I shall be home again before Christmas, so for the present I will conclude, etc.—Tun.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
COOL DISHES FOR HOT WEATHER:,

- -- In summer the lady of the house is ever on the look- out for suitable desert dishes for the family, especially where there are children. She will find that one of the coolest and most agreeable dishes, and one ever welcome to the children, and to their elders, is a blanc-mange made with Brown and Poison's Corn Flour. Tois may be accompanied with pre3erved fruit or stewed fruit of all kinds in season. A delicious jelly can be made by preparing Corn Flour with the clear juice of stewed rhubarb, or any other juicy fruit, instead of with milk. To produce these dainty di 3hes really good Caro Flour is essential. Brown and Poison's" Patent " Corn Flour has long been recognized as the standard article fcr these dishes. Though sometimes a trifle dearer than ordinary makes, it goes much further than others, and the dishes made from it are always much finer in flavour. Ask for Brown and Poison's " Patent" Corn Flour, best uality and b 3 sure that vl,l :Tn.: it.—Advt

===== 0002601_18981014_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council was held at the Bewsey- street Chambers, on Wednesday afternoon with Mr. Josiah Ball (in the chair). There were also preterit Messrs. Henry Thornton, J. W. Knowles, Thomas Hal- to., W. Houghton, J. Johnson, Forshaw, A. Brookes, with Dr Sephton (medical officer, Mr. F. Kerbot, , (inventor), and Mr. D. S. Stone, for Mr. W. Owen (surveyor). THE LIGHTING OF PADGATE AND FEARNHEAD. The question of adlitlcual lighting facilities for Pad- gate and Fearnhmi came up for cousideratioa. After some iscussion of the number of extra lamps required the chairman moved and Mr. Knowles seconded that a special committet, be formed for the purpose cf fixing on the sites and the number. The following committee was appointed to deal with the mater: Mews. Halton, Houghton, Thornton, Brookes and Knowles. Mr. HOUGHTON : I think either this committee Or this Council ought to approach the Gas Committee of the Warrington Corporatiln in respect to the price of gas and lamps. Since we initiated the movement they have reduced the price to the consumers, and public lighting should have some advantage too.—This was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SANITARY CONFERENCE.

Mr. KNOWLES informed till Cluocil that their Clerk and himself had atteaded the Conference. There was a great deal which was of iatere,t to them in the different papers read and the discussions. One man argui d that some system of filteration with coal WM better than the present one. From what was said he thought their land system of filtcration at Burtonwood was not the syttnn which would come forward in a few years. After listening very carefully one could not say which was the best S 9 regarded the system they had adoptei it was the very wort they could have. The CHAIRMAN ITIOUOd. and Mr. Halton seconded that a vote of thanks be pissed to their Clerk and Mr. Kiirisivles for their attendance at the Conference. MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. Dr. SEPHTON reported that during the month there had ben 19 deaths. and 18 births. Toe di ath rate from all causes was equal te 217 per 1000 against 14 the avera ;a of the last three months, and against 75 the corresponding month of lait year. The death rate from Zymotic diteises (7 principal) was equal to 4 per 1000 against 1 the average rate of the last three months arid against 11 the corresponding month of last year. The reports of the Surveyor and Inspector were read and passed, and the meeting terminated.

A WARRINGTON' DESERTER AT ST. HELENS. At the St. Helens Police Court on Wednesday, before Cpuncillor J. Birchall and Mr. T. Glover, Michael Ryan, of Warrington, was charged lt being an absentee from the South Lancashire Regi- ment. Detective llnghes said that when he arres- ted prisoner on Tuesday. night he told him he left the barracks at Warrington last Friday night with- out a pags —Prisoner pleaded guilty.—Chief Con- stable Wood asked that prisoner be committed to Walton to await an escort, and that the usual allow- ance be made the officer.—The bench committed prisoner, and granted the allowance.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. J. YONGE AND "THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH."

The subject of the 'Rev. J. Yongee discourse in , Wycliffe Congregational Chureh. Warrington, on Sun- day evening was" The Greatest Show on Eirth." He said the text was the event that occurred in the town the previous day. The warrant for the discourse wan ' in the fact that the whole community was moved by ' this visit of "The Greatest Show on Earth." SOME,. times it had been cast as a reproach against the pulpit that it concerned itself so little with current events and common affairs. In so far as that reproach was truee lit was also just. The pulpit,inde d,was not meant to be the place for the constant discussion of the eve eta of day; for it b.d its own definite and Divinely appointed theme, to which its unswerving loyalty was supremely due. Still, when a passing lent itself to illustrate and enforce the -- sage of the pulpit, then the pulpit missed its opportunity if it let the event pass without pressing it into service. Possibly in the case before them some might think that it was beneath the dignity of the pul- pit to take notice of the passing of a show even though it might claim to be" the greatest show on earth." The answer was that nothine ceuld b 3 beneath the dignity of the pulpit that strongly appeals to the imagination, and stirred tbe interests of the people. The interest and excitement of the population on Saturday, were an un- mistakeable display of a preat feature of human nature. In every human being.—rnan. woman, and child,—the leve of the spectacular was absolutely netural. Now this taste for the spectacular being thus stroae, and universal, it was no m etter of surprise that the visit on Satutd ty of " the greatest show on earth" should have interested and exci- ted Warrington as nothing perhaps ever did before. The th aught would come to any reflective rand as to whether the huge and stupendous enterprise of sen- sation entettainment was not a alga of the times, that was no, altogether at any rate of the best omen. "The greatest snow on earth " sal its unrivalled su-ceas re- minded them of the fact that they lived in what seemed to be growingly, a pleasure loving, sensation seeking, excitement craving age. No one who carefully observed the tendency of the day could doubt the accuracy of that s'atertent. He was not de:stir ens of having a tilt aeainst entertainments and recreations as such, because to do so would not only be unpopular, but it would be foolish and wrong. Hard and honest werkers sheuld have their periods of relaxation. Weartel minds and worried hearts should have opportunities of wholesome and pleasureable . relief. But, what seemed to be a growing tendency of the day—among the younger people especially—was the tendency to fill up the most of their leisure hours with same form or other of more or less exciting recreation. That the taste existed was testified to by every theatrie cal placard whick they c )uld see on the public hoard- ings. Sensationalism was the order of the day, and nothing would " take" unlees it had about it some- thing of the appearance and spice of a sensation. He would not say one were] of censure concerning the char- eater rf the performances, which although in the town on Saturday, he personally had not been yet able to wit- ness. His present observation was strictly and solely this that in so far as that famous and highly sensational entertainment was an evidence of an undue craving for sensationaliem, and excitement in pleasure seeking, it was suggestive of serious caution. His impression in regard to the shew which was in the town on Saturday was that it was vastly superior to the miserable and do- grading sees itionaliam frequently provided upon the ' boards of theatres of VIA town. If he in saying that I judged some of those performances wrongly, than their ' own advertisements and pictures were responsible for I his mistake. Be was not sure whether public municipal i functionaries should roe suppress those pictures of as- sault and murder that were the frequent disgrace of Sankey-street and Rylands.street. It was to him a source of painful thought that such plays were seen by young people, But did they pot all come of the demand there was for sensetion, e xeitement ? It was a huge mistake to imanine that nothing could be enjoyable that did not excite. l',‘r plc could not live upon exeite- moot any more than they could have peed health by an exclusive diet of sweetmeate. Speaking of the lar,e 'mount of money which wouli be spent to view the sheivr in Saturday, he poieted out that more money as well as time was trtent upon amusoment and re.oreation than multitudes of people could preperly afford. He believed that to be true as a mere matter of personal economy and thrift, which were motives that ought to i afluenCe the .condult even of people who made no religious pro- fession. Possibly some of them might have paid hand. comely for a seat t o see t 11.4 show, and who would re- spond to the appeal, say, of foreign miesione, with the smallest coin. If they did, forgive him frankly saying, that as disciples of the Master, they did wrong. He then spoke upon, the transience, the evanescence, the swift and utter flight of mere temueement• Tnere was nothing so ephemeral,an fleeting, so f ading,as pleasure ! The preacher proceeded tie speak upon the supreme spec- tacle of Calvary—that spectacle of lore. The last book in the bible seemed ta say that there was yet to be one other stupendous spectacle upon which the human race would be summoned to gaze. It was the scene of the Judgment. It was a aeene that would be impossible of avoidanc- ! They might evaim Calvary. But they would not be able to evade the Gnat White Throne! For all would be there,and " every eve should see Him." That would be the transcendent climax of human des. tiny, or the transcendent decree of human doom.

event mos.

A WORD WITH YOU PLEASE! Sufferera from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles. Pains in the Back Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint. Diseases of Kidneys Bladder, Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout will find a Positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pill.. Try a small box and if not. aatisfied your money will be returned. Price. in Id. of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from. HOLDROYD'S. Medical Hall, Checkbeston. Yorks. Sold at 35. Bridge-street, Warrington. Don't bs pat off. If you can- not get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sent next post.—Advt

2,000,000 17 Yee. two-million people drink —v— * BROOKE, BOND'S TEA * every day. * Dvri " Brooke. *

*- *

—,ring the last four -months, __ J, Air ,lIT,I's have sold more tea than they ever Ix .0 d b-'ore in env other four months throughout all their previous * nine-and- twenty years of trading. These two great * facts are the best possible proofs that * • Brooke, Bond's Tea is Britain's best. SOLD BY AGNNTS EvErtywitEßE. AT * 717 10d, I/-, 1/4, 1/8 & 2/. a lb. Ar- "r. ......__ *BROOKE, BOND, & co ~ *LIMITRD, * Tea Merchants hp appointment to The lir PeoPle. . _ * * *** .** Y2lO/*Jiit

3sr

===== 0002601_18981014_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
43. ta,

===== 0002601_18981014_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NUELZES

AND

===== 0002601_18981014_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
.4,vt, ,A,...7-, , .1 - ..13Te .7., :; ' .-o ,=1 .1' t i AV *..,, iv " -.'

OWES GREAT SATISFACTION. urse WILRINP,O N. 30. Russell Street, Clitheroe : "Dr-Titbit Vi-Coca gives every satisraeflon, and I shan. not fail to recoreraend it to my friends and patients" REFRESHING, STIMULATING, PLEASANT. Nurse SUNDERLAND, Sbevrview Villa, Cheam Road, Sutton, Surrey: "I have tried Dr. Tit,bles' Vi-Cocoa, and find it a refreshing, stimulatalg, and pleasant Leverage."

FOR EXCELLENCE. Nurse GILEES, 11, C. Paul's fAquare, Southsen: " I think Dr. Tibbles Vi Cocoa iS end very good for those who butler front Sl:digestion. This 1 kuow piactically." . szo Pr Aira: TOO HIGH. Nurse SAFFIIEY. The it,al,lesclozi 'loud, Belvedere. Kent: nr» I,leaFed enr I 111.1 lz more of the niesits of Dr. Tibblea' than ecca the praise airway bei;towed upoit it." FOR PHYSICAL Mil) MENTAL SUFFERING.

Nurse CLAP E. " The.Laurcls," I.angley "1 hn run h pleasure in I 4.ltrillf-T testimony to the value of Dr. Vi-J as I find it most beneficial to persons suffering physically rillii MPlltaily. It is niost nutritive and evrewely pleasant to take, and 1 bii74ll etzungly recommend it to my patients."

:irp

1677:7;"."7;7.°X eTrA M'W"L'=.

....0.,••-••••55...", M rt,s, •••

ddress (a postcard will do):

===== 0002601_18981014_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• -

j:

===== 0002601_18981014_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ,

===== 0002601_18981014_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
•

• 1. '.: 0; ';'-'`.=:•-• 4,,k'g.'-•-• r• " II , !II 43<- / t'? I I.fso kr A t • 1 j i tr:', •-,1 ,

c '; I _',l "

• • 11‘ - ,

===== 0002601_18981014_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
4

V

it

• I • , 3,

ttr, ebt 44 emnintr " Orrtts 0, LANCASHIE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWErPTPERS: Comprises ruHE warrivron and Hid-ateshireExaminer, pub- _L Sailed every Saturday morning. rr HE Earlestawn and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. yr HE Buncorn Examiner, published every Friday morning, ?TM Widnes Examiner, published every Friday .1 morning PIIRFAID ADVBETISHIIIINTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BELET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED. APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC:ARTICLES FOR _SALE BY PRITATENONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ROUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR soLt. One Three Six ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. :18 El 36 45 54

===== 0002601_18981014_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
113omtOttt gperbantO, ticr.

WANTED, a very good plain COOK ; M.—Apply, Mrs. JAMES, Moss Pit, Stafford.

WANTED, good young GENERAL ; small family.—Mrs. 21uaay, Fairlsle), Albert-road, Altrincham.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT, about 20; no washing.-192, iiIGH-EITBIZT, Oxford-rd., Manchester

WANTED, a GIRL to assist in housework ; honest ; references; good home.—Apply Mrs. TAYLOR. 43, Nteeleplane, Chorley.

-WANTED. a strong GIRL. about 16; able to milk or willing to learn.—J. HAMER, /Jolts Farm, Bromley Cross, Bolton.

INTANTED, good GENERAL who can wash rthree in family ; good references required —ll, Walmer-road, Sirkdalo, Southport. - WANTED, STRONG CIBNBAAL Servant; able to wash and bake; references required. Apply ALBION HOTEL Zed Lion-street, Burnley.

ANTED, respectable General SERVANT for farmhouse; must be able to milk.—Apply. JAMES Tsyton, Bars Iree Farm, Burnley-lane. Oldham. _ _

BGISTRY OFFICE for LADIES and SERVANTS.— ..1V WANTED young Generals.—Mrs. DONOHUIC, 104, Cheetham Hill-road. Blanchester.

WANTBD, situation as GBOOM-GARDBNBIL (ex- perie,ned). Age 22. married, good refereneer—R. Ttraxna, Langseliffe, near Settle. -ANTB—

-- WA.. _JD. GENERAL SERVANT for Parra. to be able to milk; references preferred.—Apply HENRY HOLMS, Flatt-lana Farm, Rlndley. near Wigan.

WAISTED, Chief rents and Webb, Mortgage Securities; quick reply and completion.—J. H. HAGUE, 47, spring Gardens (corner Fountain-street). Manchester.

GOVERNESSES. Companions, Housekeepers, Nurses and all classes of domestic servants.—Apply for Prospectus, THE NATIONAL EXPLOYMT.NT BUREAU, Bradford.

WANTED, immediately, strong GBPIBRAL for private business; washing and plain cooking; family five; 5213.—P., 28, GILDA BROOK-ROAD, Eccles, Manchester.

IL.A.LB and FBMA.LB NUMBS INaTITUTION, 70, Hope- street. Liverpool.—Bstablished 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage. apply or telegraph.—•• Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone. b7O

===== 0002601_18981014_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Ea be Let.

BIINKETH.--Co—tta—ges-4s. 9d., 3s. Bd. an 2s. Sd. per week. MALLAM-LANE.—Large WORKSHOP, ground floor, rent £lO. BUTTERMANIKET-STItI3ET.—GOOd front WAREHOUSE, 2 floors, £26. MILL-6TREEi.—Several Suites offices. 43, ROSE and CROWN --STREET, rent 4s. 3d. per week. 25, OATHBRINWRSET rent 4s, 3d. per week. 2, SMITH STROBT. rent 3s. per week. Apply ROBERT Lowe Estate Agent, No. I. Bank-street Was rington. Te:ephone—No 55.

Tro LET. COTTAGES off LOVELY-LANE. rents 49. Apply 1 Assn= and WOODS, solicitors, Horsemarket-et., War- rington.

rrO LET.—LARGH ROOM, Grford-street ; rent £2O Apply A-SAWN AND WoODB, Solicitors, Horsemarket-et., 'Warrington.

MO LET, SHOP, with LARGE ROOM over, In Orforl-st., rent £.l3.—Apply ASHTON AND Woone, Solloitors,Horee- market-street, Warrington.

EH LET. good Shop. Workshops and Ds•elllng-bouse, No. 11, Mill street and King-street.—Apply to WILLIAM ViI3STANLEY, plumber, Park-place.

DWELLING-HOUSE.—To be Lat, an excellent Dwelling- house In Grappenhall-road, Latchford, No. 5, Wood- hine-terrace.—Apply at No 6. to 3 'Lummox. IMO BE LET, 7, Museum-street. Warrington.—Apply to .1 ROBERT BNERLET, 4, Severn-road. Westbourne,Sheftietd, or Wakefield, Knock, and Jackson, Chester. PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply ASHTON AND WOODS. SOLICitOrS. Horeemarket-Bt., Warrington.

910 LET.—HOUSB at Wilderspool, with tv o entertaining J_ rooms and other conveniences, low rental, also CO MOH on Liverpocl-road.--Apply W. BOBTOCIE, Wilder,- pool, Warrington.

CAUI lON.—BE WARE OF PI RACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.—Vice-Obancellot Sir W. PAElit WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of •• OHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to ray had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July. 1864. Bold in bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words .• DR. J COLLid BROWNE'S CHLORODYSE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- -Mg Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. BOLE MANUFACTURERS :—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33. Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury. Lorvion From Dr. B. J. FOULTON AND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne inour practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct. Sed- ative and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to relay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Bari Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera bad been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNR."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864.

W ILLI AM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DECORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, EGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TOMEES and the Public generally that he has purchased the BUSINESS successfully carried on for many years by Mr. JOHN HBDGCOCH at King- street and 17, Mill-street, as Plumber, Glazier, Painter, Gasfitter, &c., where he hopes, by being more ceLtrally situated, to further extend his Business, and. to merit a further share of the public patronage. - ••

11.13.—A Good STOCK of the latest Sanitary Appli- ances ; also a Choice Selection of wall papers anti decorations will be constantly on hand.

ESTIMATES GIVEN far all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

JOHN CHORLEY, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT, AtUITERBIARKET-STRRHT AND SCOTLAND-ROAD.

vYARRINOTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO., LTD„ and PCLLEY and MILL uNgKEAcKoBI;II4;., MANCHESTER. The GEARING Cart Arms, Springs and Axles. Tyre Hoops, all sizes 4knvils, Vices, Bellows, Nails, Screws. Bolts and Chains all descriptions, Spade and Shovels. Files and Rasps, Ran- Water Pipes and Gutters, Oils. Palate, and Colours, Gal vanised Corrugated Sheets. Rooting Felt, Stu., Forgings and Castings, Shafting and Pulleys.

MAWSON AND Co., STANDARD TAILORS. SMALL pHoFITS. SERVAras LIVERIES AND STABLE SUITS AT LOW PRICES.

LADIES' AND GE—N-T—LEE—NC—S •lIMBEELLAS. Selo Agents for EfEpitS. ALLEN HAIGH AN" CO'S LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. 35 S -1 ANREY STREET, WARRINGTON,

BLACKPOOL—Boarding tenet weekly 253; for two or more 21s. eaela.—Mrs. KNIGHT, 6 Carshalton-road. Sea view.

BRIGHTON.---Gordon House, Cannon-place. Home to home. Bear West Pier and Amusements. Address Mrs. RHODES.

- IN/ORECAMBH.—MRS. GROVES, 4, Parliament-street; Comfortable APARTMENTS; near Sea and Pier, W.E. ; piano.

1 LANDUDNO.—Mrs. STEAD. Eng'afield, Queen's-road _LA Craig-v-Don. Public and Private Rooms; board if desired sea view.

IVORTH WALES.—Apartments, with board or without ; 1.1 beautiful situation ; low rate for September.—MßS. Jornra, Fern HM, Trefriw. _

HOLIDAYS IN LONDON.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with meals at moderate Axed rates ; central; clean. 41, BERNARD-STREET. Russell Square.

QOUTHPOET.—MRS. BIBBY (late of Hindley Green), 13, Tulketh-street, APARTMENTS. Near station, pier and proraenade. Comfortable home. Terms moderate.

BLACHPOOL.--Birs. H. RAYNER. A`exandra House, 98, Albert-road. near Certral Station and Sea. Publics and Private APARTMBETS, with or without board. Pianos.

ErManteb.

A GENTS WANTED, new goodg, red bet genera, 100 per II cent profit. C. A. HOULT, Rotherham. a

A GENT WANTED, to sell CHECK-METERS [for saving /I_ Gas Bills.—MLsolt, 110, Strand, London.

SUNLIGHT & LIFEBUOY SOAP WRAPPERS WANIED ; 9d. per 100.—RICE, 12, Grattan-terrace, Dublin. x

WAR MEDALS WANTED date 3 1843. or earlier 1892 or later; also last Arctic; 22 each given—Major Tomas' Droitsvich. a

A RESPECTABLE COUPLE would like to adopt CHILD. CI. Good home. State premium. Bdrs.H. JEYNEsaleking- ton West. Pershore.

SANITARY Inspectorship for intelligent PERSONS.—For particulars send addressed • envelope to SANITARY SPECIALIST, Failsworth.

SPARE Time Employment. Cyclists and others (either sea) required everywhere ;no risk. no outIay.—TARGET CYCLE DEPOT, 48, Finsbury Circus, London.

BIRMINGHAIid GOODS.--Everything for dealers, fur- nishers, clubs,Sr.c. ;Agents wanted; wholesale book free. —Write EIMPRY MAT, Factor, Birmingham.

WANTED. a DAIRY of NEW MILK delivered at Lime- street Station. Bank or Farmer's references. Apply G. 314.serr, 3, Contston-et., Breck-rd., Liverpool.

WANTED for cash Postage Stamps (present issue English excepted) oollectiOns or loose ; unused stamps cashed. —PTA/MUDGE AND CO.. 63-6, Chancery-lane, London. x TOBACCONISTS Commencing. See hid. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobaccionists' Outfitting Co.,lB6,Euston-rd London. Hairdressers fltted.Estimates free.—Mgr. Hai YEW

DON'T WASTB MONEY! By Purchasinz unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice.

BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3 000

Vegetable and Flower Beeda are supplied by us in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently email quantities.

PRESS OPINIONS.

"We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(out Penny Packet System) "is here propounied."—" Peter- borough Standard."

" An experience or several years justifies the pronouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and more costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle."

" The firm has a high reputation and standing. and we Commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright dun iz g the coming season in a very economical and effective manner."—•• Horticultural Times."

LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE.

Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain lug Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds. Bulbs, Roses, Ilarqy Plants, kc., with descriptions and cultural directions. and 50C Illustrations, the whole forming a eomplete Garden Guide, gratis and post free.

Cheap Lot of CARPETS from Payment taken 19a 6d; capital Length of Stair Carpet at Is sid per yard. Good.

wANTED, to Purchase Second-hand MILNER'S, CHUBBS', or CHAT W 00D'S SAFES.—EDwARDS 11D Co:, WS, Whitechapel Liverpool:

CHINESB SACRED LILY BULBS, just arrived from China, one dozen 2s 6d.—STODDART AND Sox.lmporters, 93. Gore-road, Hackney. London.

HERBAL RECIPE FOR SAUL—Sure cure for Inflamma- tion of eye ; harmless, reasonable ; good testimonial. —HALL, 42, Campion-street, West Hartlepool.

RUBBERINE. closes all small punctures in tyres Auto- matically, quite harmless. is. per battle, post paid. RAMSBOTTO3f, 81, Market-street. Manchester

QLASS HEARSE on Sale, 3to choose from, modsrn, first Class order.—TREVOR, Stockpot.* .road. Manchester.

To FARNIBBS.—Corn Bran 47s 63 per ton (sacks included) free on rails ; Liverpool ' • cash.—JoSEPH M. CONNELL, rt Corn Me. hant, 34 South John-street, Liverpool.

FORBIGN STAMPS, 60 vari.±ties ; including Venezuela. Portuguese, Indies, Bolivia, four Australasian, &a, Free 6d.—STAFFORD, Zieharlah-street. Salt ord.

T ADIBS' HAIR CUTTINGS and COMBINGS BODGHT, 14 cash sent per return ; send stamp with parcel.— GROSVENOR AND CO., 157, Famed&le-road, Brixton. x

A LOVELY BET or BABY'S LONOOLOTHFS daintily CIL made and embroidered, unused, 50 articles 335., appro- val.—Mrs. WILFRED MAX, The Chase. Nottingham. a

2ns. to 30a a week can be earned on the "Original" FOS- TBR PATBNT KNITTHR ; knits stockings, socks, Ac.—Write TAMES FOSTER. Maker, Friargate. Preston.

DIAMONDS—Reliable tools at naoderate kfi prices. Diamonds re-set 2s. 6d. ; write for list.—A SIIIW, SE, 11%50re-street, Geswell-road. London, 7

AETOUNDING 408 OVERCOAT 205 ; all shades and materials, Chesterfield shape ; send chest overcoat and arm measures. CAULDWELL, Levenshulme, Manchester.

URII4II FISH and CHIPS.—MABBOTT.4 Champion 12 RAnges and Potato Peelers, a'ao shop on wheels for outdoor ;24 page Cat free.-51. LEVER-BT., Manchester. x

LIARrPfENWARB and China.—Seconds £2 crate: Bests EJ ; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d. ; write for 18t8.—WEBB AND Co, Staffordshire Potteries, Longton.

Vuhltratthns.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
II

it

===== 0002601_18981014_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
I

1

r • :Os P.

t i ' !)1 i , 0101 4 .c , , , ,

, 4! 1,,

===== 0002601_18981014_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
balm bp Fribatt Ertatp.

goaleg giuttion.

THE EXAMINEE, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1898.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY MAN

SUFFERING fro—naTNffeT:ou—s-a—nd Physical Debility should send for a want, 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent cure. Bent sealed, post free. Address— E. NORTON, 69, 60 Chancery Lane, London, N 7.0 listaolished 30 Yearo.

BY MR. ROBBRT LOWE.

URIED FISH and CHIPS.—MABBOTTS CHArdPiorr Range 12 and Potatoe Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels for outdoors 24 page Ilst free. 51, Lever-st. Manchester.

PITTS'S CYCLES, BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS, Lamps, China, Glass. Earthenware. Magncent display in Show.wiudows, Pleasure to see it.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Otorko, 13115111t55e5, etr.

1/otels, roø, flarinna 05tab.

QAMUEL PITTS. BSTABLISHTID 11345. LOIWON-ROAD (just past Station), SIANCEIBS TER. Ardwiek, Lonipdght, and Belle Vue Cars pass the door.

PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR ?DEMO COAPANIE3 , PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRLNTING FOR allnicaps, ENv.EboPEs 2&41t 1.5000. JOHN WALKER AND CO.

16, 18 AND 20, SANKEY-STREET.

WARRINGiTON.

HIGHLY INTERESTING AND IMPORTANT SHOWS OF MILLINERY, MANTLES AND DRESSES,

===== 0002601_18981014_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE NOW BEING HELD ON THIS

AND FOLLOWING DAYS.

J. AND W • DUTTON.'

===== 0002601_18981014_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE.

OCTOBER 14th 1898.

IT is significant of the tension The Channel which exists that an ordinary Fleet.

autumnal cruise of the Channel Fleet should excite some warlike apprehensions. It is customary for the Fleet to make a short cruise at this time of the year, and to return in time for Christmas. With but small variation, , this plan has been pursued for some time, and no one has seen anything alarming in the fact. The order for the present cruise was given some time ago. It was to have commenced this week, but some of the vessels cannot be got ready at the time appointed, and there will be a little delay in consequence. The delay is not being regarded as so significant as the intimation that the ships are to take with them a six months supply of ammu- nition,One account put this as"six months' stores," which is quite another matter as it is not intended that the Fleet shall be away for so long a period. , The ammunition account is probably the correct one,and the true explanation may be found in the desire of the Admiralty to pay a little more atten- tion to gun-practice, concerning which some un- complimentary remarks have been made in various quarters. The Fleet is intended to visit A.rosa Bay, Vigo Bay, and Gibraltar, returning to Ports- mouth some time about December 16th, when the crews will proceed to take their periods of Christ- mas leave ashore. These appear to be the true facts of the case, and it is important they should be stated,because the sensationalisins current have no larger basis of evidence accessible to the public at large. There can be nothing of a minatory character in sending the Fleet on its customary cruise, especially as some of its operations have been curtailed already, partly because of the trouble in the South Wales coal trade, and partly out of a desire not to offend the susceptibilities of France. The French people will not see in the despatch of the Channel Float to the Mediter- ranean any suspicious intentions, if we do not magnify a simple seasonal operation for the pur- pose of bluster and brag. The Fleet must receive its customary training, whether our foreign rela- tions are pacific or unsettled. The orders sent to Portsmouth respecting it have no connection with the Fashoda dispute, and are not designed to create any wild presumptions in that direction. It is 'probable that if there were a situation in which the Channel Fleet j were going to play a part it would not be sent to Gibraltar at all, but detained at home for its more legitimate service. The nervous condition of the public mind, more- over, is simply aggravated by these:constant inter- pretations of the ordinary practices of the Admi- ralty as meaning dreadful things. Our neighbours are not likely to be alarmed by suspicions which are in the main confined to a very liraited range at home. They accept our declarations, they are not moved by cruises and training operations,and it seems to us that it is the duty of public journals and public men to refrain from whatever is calcu- lated to foster alarms and intensify legitimate anxieties.

THE disposition to whip up South African Affairs, excitement about affairs at the Cape is manifest, to what- ever cause it may be attributed, but it is not meeting with much success. There are no large issues at stake, as we had Wen led to believe, as far as the affairs of Capo Colony are concerned, and elsewher the range for speculation is more

personal than practical. The so-called crisis at the Cape is a very small affair. A vote of no con-

Hence against the Sprigg Ministry has been carried by two votes after a debate in which only two speakers took part, and which lasted less than an hour. The Government is intending to ignore the vote, and get on with business. There has ; been a promise on the part of two a,6 three Bond members to assist in voting Supply, and though there may be blocking tactics, probably the votes will be got through,

and the practical questions to be settled will be approached. The Redistribution Bill must be passed, whichever party is in power, and as SOOll as it has been disposed of other elections must take place. There seems to be no real differ- ence of opinion as to British supremacy between the Bond and the Progressive members, and if the statement to the contrary has failed to rally sufficient support to Sir GORDON SPRIGG and MT. RHODES to give them a real working majority,wo may regard the situation with calmness. Local and not Imperial questions remain for considera- tion, and they do not seem likely to be of great interest for us at home. Mr. RHODES has been beaten for the time being, but he has doubtless many cards up his sleeve to play at the right moment. He is far too astute a man to submit to a rebuff which leaves him by no means shorn of influence and position. There are some unruly spirits in the Bond party who will talk treason and assail Sir A. MILNER, ard threaten desperate things. Possibly PRESIDENT KRUGER will be content to avoid any conflict with Cape Colony or Rhodesia on matters of a railway and tariff character for the present. The ono question which interests him as keenly as it does us is that of Delagoa By and the future of the railway. The award is expected during the present year, as the Commissioner who had I)eeti ill is now restored to health and able to co-operate in drawing up the final terms of the award. The result is a foregone conclusion, and the award will be against Portugal; and Portugal will be unable to meet it, and have to resort to a compromise, ia which British interests will be advantaged. Mr. Ruonns will then play one of his cards, though we cannot quite say which it will be. In any event the Transvaal will have to be more subdued than it ha 3 been since the raid, and the Orange Frge State will probably see the wisdom of holding itself free from the entanglements which PRESIDENT Kuroan has Leen adroitly preparing font.

The police call upon the public for aid so sel- dom that no one can defend men from whom as- sistance has been vainly demanded in a street scene which might have ended in serious injuries being inflicted upon the constable. In the Mail- ing case the three persons who refused their aid to the police may have done so in ignorance of the law. But, apart from this particular instance, ignorance of the law cannot be received as s sound plea to avert sentence, though it might fairly tend towards mitigation in the usual penal- ties. It is a pity, perhaps, that policemen in dan- gerous quarters do not call for the aid of the passers by more often. Such action would at any rate familiarise the public with a law which seeinS to be but imperfectly understood. Here, how- ever, the traditional British pride and love of in- dependence come-into play. Not more that half- a-dozen times a year do policemen commandeer the public "in the Queen's name," but cases of assault are constantly occurring in which the police would be perfectly justified in so doing. Nor would good citizens object to this tax upon their strength and their time. The police are en- gaged in duties wholly concerned with the welfare of the public, and it would be disgraceful to sug- gest that bystanders may keep aloof while con- stables are being worsted in the struggle with savage ruffianism.

In a week or two the Municipal Elections in Warrington will have taken place and nine. members of the Council will then have been either .re-elected or defeated. This year six Liberal Councillors retire and three Con- servatives. Seeing that there is a preponderance of Liberals retiring it is very unlikelY that we shall hear anything about a compromise being made between the two parties. These cow venient arrangements for the benefit of retiring- 1 Councillors are generally proposed when there is S decided majority of Conservative members seeking re-election. But we do not think the Liberals have anything to fear from an all-round contest. The six Liberals who will again seek the suffrages of the electors are all " good men and true." They are: Councillor Monks in Whitecross Ward, Councillor Wilkinson in Orford Ward, Councillor Furness in St. John's Ward, Councillor Ellison in Latchford Ward, Councillor Burton in St. Austin' Ward, and Councillor Duncan in Fairfield Ward. Their chances of success are, in our opiniont superior tothose of the three retiring Conservatives —Councillors Rogers,Heaton and Cannel!, none of whom have distinguished themselves in the ratepayers' service. Three years ago Councillor, Rogers, who is connected with "the trade, succeeded in gaining a seat on the Council for Bewsey VV ard as an " independent " candidate. Since then the electors of Bewsey Ward have had an opportunity of testing his "independency," which seems to have consisted of a meek following of the Conservative leaders, and we may anticipate that they will dispense with his:services and give prefer- ence to a representative working than like Mr.T.D Malkin. Councillor Heaton when opposed by Clay in Town Hall Ward succeeded in retaining his seat by four votes. His chances of success op the present occasion cannot therefore be consi- dered very rosy. With reference to Councillor Cannell's candidature, the electors will no doid?t be glad of the opportunity of expressing their appreciation or otherwise of his services in the Council Chamber.

--- We are requested by the Mayer Of Warrington to draw the attention of our readers to the Fund which is being raised by the Lord Mayor at the Mansion Howe for the relief of the widespread an : cute distress occasioned by the recent terrible hurricane and tidal wave in the West Indies, which has entail enormous suffering among the population of tli° Islands of Barbados, St. Vincent and St. Lucia' The Lord Mayor in his appeal states that " thee,e Colonies have been, and still are, passing throne a period of intense financial depression and they are absolutely helpless to render commensurate or even temporary aid in this great calamity."

1 114 •

, t

• .1' t

===== 0002601_18981014_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1' I

===== 0002601_18981014_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AY9 WIDNES.

Sr. EDWARD'S CATHOLIC MISSION. At this church on Sunday, October 23rd, the annual sermons in aid of the day schools will be preached by the Very Rev. Canon Craig of Crewe. As the object to which the offertavv will be devoted is a worthy one we hope it will be as worthily responded to.

. - WITH THE "Prarynciames." On Tuesday night, at the weekly meeting of the Pick. kick Club,an able and cmnprehensive paper on" Bacon's Essays," was read by Mr. George Hayes, and highly appreciated. Mr. W. Millington presided, and a pleasant and instructive evening was spent.

ALTAR BOYS TREAT. On Wednesday, the Altar boys of the St. Edward's Catholic Mission, were provided with a capital treat. Which took the fcrna of a trip to New Brighton, where a Pleasant afternoon was spent. The boys visited the Tower and Grounds, and indulged in all kmds of amuse- Ihents. Tr<a was also providAd,and thoroughly enjoyed. Z-The Altar boys were accompanied by their priest, tiv tteV. Father Gore, who was accorded hearty cheers upon their return to Runcorn. finutawrar MOTETAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS. The Brunswick Mutual Improvement Class, on Wed- hesday,at its weekly meeting,was presided over by Mr. T. Simister. A lecture, entitled "Jack and Jill : the etblo3 of Social Life," was &Homed by the Rev. S. Wright. The lecturer used the well-known nursery !haracters as semblances of the experiences of every day tife in which the ups-and-downs of man were invariably ,„%ollowed by that of woman.—To this view, however, +oessrs. W. Millington and T. Saunders took exc'ption, %lid caused considerable diversity and amusement by retnarking that "Jill upset Jack, So that she could have a soft place to fall on." The proceedings throughout Were followed with rapt attention on the part of the raft:there pre ',mt. TEE RUNCORN FIRE BRIGIADE.—A SMART TIIRR-ORT. On Friday evening the usual peacefulness of the town Was abruptly disturbed by the ominous sound of the fire tloarm. Everyone was anxious and inquired of his neigh- , ur the whereabouts of the outbreak. Meanwhile, to cho credit of the local fire brigade, that worthy body assembled to a man, and in about ten minutes had teethed the reported seat of the conflagration, fully reared to do battle with the flames for the protection or life and property. It was then found that their ser- 'tiers were not required ; as the fire, which had broken tlit in the house of Miss Barnes, Oxf,,rd-road, had been errtinguished.

WIDNES SCHOOL BOARD ELECTION. The triennial elEction j Wiines School Board took Place on Saturd iv, and w.a decided without a contest. Eleven merely's -were reviled, and only eleven candi• datsa were nominated, viz., Church of England (s),Rev. J. Wright Williams (vicar of Farnworth), Messrs. H. Wade De•n, Jr., .C.A., F. Neil, C.C., A. Thorpe, and 4. J. Williams • pr.-gressives (3), Mesg.A. D. Lewis, T. Dodd.and Evan' Tt:OalaS • and R, man Catholic (3), the Very Rev. De in Finegan, the Rev. Father Clarke, and Alderman S. Quinn. The comititution of the parties re- Mains unchanged,and the only alteration in the person- hel of the baard is the substitution of the Rev. J.Wright Williams for the Rev. W. Hodgson, M.A., who has left town for the vicarage 0' Emmanuel Chureh,Everton. 4ne Mayor (Alderman Wareing) acted as returning °Meer.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN COUNCILLORS AT BurroN•

BY the kind invitation of Mr. S. Taylor, chairman of ~ Runcorn Urban District Council, the members of the Technical Instruction Committee, officials, and Personal friends, spent a most enjoyable holiday o,Uxton and neighbourhood on Friday last. A special au was enoagod for the occasion, and the party, num- about 50 left Runcoro Station at 8-30. After a ' 17,eatuant journey through SOMA of the best scenery in i'hueshire and Derbyehire.Dave Holes St-ation was reached .3'444 after ten o'clock. Here the visitors were cou- -Ucted to Mr. Taylor's extensive limestone quarry and il"rfoi, half-al-mile distant. The various features of ,Uterest were fully explained, and the method of blas 2C the rock vividly illustrated. The party subsequently ,riruedto Dove Holes Station and proceeded to Buxton. • One ,clock dinner was served at the Royal Hotel, a ' t-c-I,erehe repast bsing provided by Mies Bird. The ' health of Mr. Taylor was &tank in a bumper. The visitors alai their genial host were afterwards photo- paphed on the lawn,and the remainder of the afternoon Zs pent in visiting the various places of interest in the town. Later on tea was provided at the hotel, and e party left Buxton Stasion at 6-40 for the homeward 4utney, Runcorn being reached about eight o'clock. WIDNES TOWN CouNcm. I, The monthly meeting of this Council was held at the ;;Own Hall on Tuesiay, the Mayor (Alderman J. W. 7areing) presiding.—The much-vexed question of the 7unsecration of the Church of England portion of the ?enaetery came up for discussion, Councillor Shuttle- Wer th having given notice of motion. The Town Clerk lead an ex tensivelY-singed petition from the United Free Church Council praying for consr. cration.—Mr. Shuttle- Werth Said that,in face of the petition, he was desirous r„altering his mation, but after discussion he moved the Ogliaal motion which was :—'• That application r,,,,t,ntlade under Section 23 of the C.metery Clauses Act, "17, to the bishop of the diocese to consecrate that ir.rt,,ion of the cemetery set apart for the burial of the acaordiog to the rites of the Established Church." t'ouncillor Neil seconded in an energetic and stirring long discussion followed, the majority of the T.. akers being in favour of consecration.—Aldermata itilttpios moved :—" That the bishop of the diocese be sev...-ed to pereonn a religious ceremony, omitting the hortoe of consecration." Councillor Owens seconded, to °u a vote going taken the amendment was lost.— Davies then moved that the question be ad- fled in order to allow the contending patties time to 17, till% at an amicable arrangement. Councillor Owens °tided, and the proposition was carried. BETHESDA P.S.A. 13.4_ day lost was a great day with this Brotherhood, Nqg the bi-monthly open meeting when ladies are Isqt!'qUed, an extended programme provided, and a col- et„lPti taken. The atte 'dance was large. Ths Presi- the Rev. J. Osborne, 8.A., occupied the chair. '4leeting opened with a voluntary on the organ by the__ • Cooke, A.R.C.0., and in tooth this and a subse- tat 8010, Mr Cooke fully sustained the high reputation Teta deeervedly gained in his native town. Mrs. Of eY sang with her usual good taste " Jesu, lover *hie 10114" and in the solo" He shall feed his flock," lakticila she sang accompanied by the Runcorn Orchestral tetit2,the audience had a genuine treat. Miss Davies Very pathetically "The Newsboy's debt," and ...,."Litscorn Orchestral Society's rendering of " Handel's Was deserving of, and received the heartiest Witii9oation. The speaker for the afternoon was Mr. T. firt:gton, secretary of Wycliffe P.SA.,Warrington,who beat a few words cf fraternal greeting, referred to the tyk, and growing evil of swearing, and the general tied of bad language, strongly deprecating the practice, 44tIreing upon the members to use every endeavour, ,3 talziple and precept, to put it down.

tl'oe hot% t"P • elrqd I,FheSt "83 tit•ort mob," °I pii bp7ewbk, Ot • Of et, uperierfr. 47,11 e d L'oira 2e6,, ters:,llrees - t' 4%1 %to 14:44 -ervea t)l4 thaget )' At k kets, th:ge 2441t4 tk, Air 114, thaster to" tto 414V1 A

===== 0002601_18981014_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

11 [BY A CORRESPONDENI] 1/4, 8 turn-out of the Local Fire Brigade, on ."43' night last, is worthy of more than passing ' It serves as an illustration and proof of the - of the members, and reflects the

- Credit upon the management. as well as every individual concerned.

Wh• , Ilst alluding to the fire brigade, it may not be ,ot 414 Place to say just a word or two about the h6eWbat antiquated manual with whica the 1-41(le is equipped. Ido not forget that any kind 414 engine" is batter than none at all ; at the tit I: "rue, it iq my opinion that such a capable body b ell as the Runcorn Fire Brigade, fully deserve etter engine than the one they have at present. the fire reported on Thursday was Ittished lot fere anything like real danger was °need. But, if, on the other hand, it had ob- a firm hold of premises of an inflammable et) 'very little could have been done to prevent eniolishing everything within reach. The full as of the Brigade as far as the engine is con- -4.i1-t-tr) Would be devoted to the prevention of its Qap Der Spread. With a good " steamer" however, st Zrißade would be fully equipped, and able to "Werful jets to work at once, withoW being 4111, ttti, way dependent on manual pumping power. ,e,thls opportunity of pointing out the require- ,l4ell" lor such an engine,in the hope that those who Ng 41118 most at :take will deem' it worth con- elation.

thf!he f FOOTBALL. oOtball match at Widnes, was a good one on INtrie •, and showed that there is still as much Elnaong4 the partisans on both sides the r streak " as ever. Widnes won, and their victory.

Ona of the features of the game was the fine dis- -1%.",.J°11eY. who though disabled on three coca- it"UCk to his guns with a tenacity worthy of otillncornian traditions. Of George Robinson. 40",er half—I might have said " better half' ,i„`"--,,he was as good as ever, and has a deal of yet. All I can say of Houghton is" as -nut then the whole lot of the Runcorn eittrajed well; and though beaten, they have 43Isction of knowing they lost through no their own. tldries team were a trifle superior. I won't ' the I:°ints—but still they were the better lot. - fe,,attle time, if they do not in future show than on Saturday, they will soon be on grade and ultimately find their level uere about the middle.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL,

-- The above Council held is usual fortnightly meeting at Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday. There were present —Messrs. Joseph Stokes (chairman), Admiral Parry- Jones, T. Lewis, C. E. Linaker, H. Talbot. E. A. Wal- lington, T. Wright, T. Antwiss,H. Mawdslev, E.Brether- ton, W. Bradford, S. Woodward, J. W. Bagulec, P. Gleave, J. Mclntyre, P. Leather, T.Darlington.E. Clarke J. Edwards, with Mr. John Ashtm (clerk), Mr. George Ashton (deputy clerk), Mr. J. Farrington (inspector), Messrs. niggle and Swint m (surveyors), and Mr. J. Adams (medical officer of health). RELSBY PAROCHIAL AFFAI RS .

The Clerk reportod that the Helst:ly Parish Council met en the 3rd October.—Mr. F. Thorneley attended before the Committee with reference to the sewerage of a portion of Helsby which passed under the line of rail- way by means of a culvert near to the Railway Station, and thence into open ditches or sewers across his land, ' and urged that the Council should pipe a portion of such ditches in accordance with an undertaking given ay their predecessors in office.—Afte a lengthy discussion it was resolved that the Clerk be requested to look up the undertaking referred to, and that the further discus- sion of the matter be deferred to thenext meeting.—The Clerk having read considerable correspondence with reference to tbe cons `ruction of sewerage works, it was resolved on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. White, that the Clerk be directed to instruct Mr, Radford (the engineer) to put himself into communica- tion with the Company'4 engineer, with a view to dis- cussing the question, and the getting oot •of the neces- sary plans to be submitted to the Local Gove,rament Board.—The Clerk was also instructed to inform, !kir. Mason of the resolution arrived at.—The minutes were confirm-d n the motion of Mr. S. Woodward, ssoonded by Mr. C. B. Livakr. SUTTON WATER LOAN.

The Local Government Board wrote formally sanc- tioning ,the borrowing of a further sum of £176 for for the towaship of Sutton: but deducted £2O for extra re- Iwnotirmlre Intimated for twbaattertehuepyplLli muneration to Clerk. ,as It was contrary to their nmal practice to Include In a loan money for payment to a salaried officer of the local authority, THE MILEY_ PUMP.

s. Woodhouse, of Norley Hall, Warrington, wrote as follows :—Referring to your letter of Septemb‘r 13 to Norley Parish Council Ibe to Fay that I have care- fully examined theaward map and compared it with the existing plans and I am driven to the conclusion that the persons from whom your information was derived are not in possession of the facts of the case. (1) The pump which is claimed as a public well is not situated on the. plot of laud marked C. on the ordnance map but is situated some yards to the east of the occupation road mentioned in the award. (2) The buildings erected on the plot of land marked C. are not the buildings of Madd sck's farm bit were put up by Mr. Blain—father of the principal ar,iteor in this matter and are clearly an encroachment. (3) There was and is still a goc ii spring of water on plot C. which was filled up by Blun or his father as they found it more comvenient to uso Maddoek's pump. I shall be obliged if you will !ay this letter bore the District Cquncil. P.S. The Marl pit inarkel G. oi the award map is situated at sotne distance from the premises and has nothing to do with the present qiies'sion. A'S a matter of fact the land is still waste of the Manor. On the motion of Mr. Woodward, seconded by Mr. Antwiss, it , was decided that a small committee consisting of Messrs Pickering and Woo !ward moot the Clerk on the spot, ' and consider the question and rep :rt. FRODSHAM NURSING} EXPENSES.—WIIO PAYS?

The following letter was received from the Local Government Board :—Dear Sir, lam directed by the Local Government Board to acknowli-d 70 the receot of your letter of tne 20th ult, with reference to the applica- tion of the Runcorn Rural District Council for the Board's sanction to the payment of the sum of £3 Ss to the Parochial Nurse Society of Frodsham, in regret of disinfectants provided by the society during the epidemic of scarlet fever at Frodsham last year. The Board find no evidence in the report that in the absence of means of isolation the spread of the disease was in any way controlled by the distribution of disinfectants, but ' on the other hand the Medieal Officer of Health says that the early isolation of the first cases m;ght have prevented the out- break from assumng such preportiens as it did. I am to advert to your letter of the 19th August, 1898,1 and to inquire how the question of providing hospltal accommodation for the infectious disease other than small-pea now stands. lam at the same time to point out that so serious an epidemic, which necessitated the closing of schools,should in accordance with the beard's order have been reported to Grm at the time by the Medical Officer of Health. lam your obedient servant ALFRED D. Annum, assistant secretary."—Tne Medical Officer admitted that he had over-looked the matter. They were supposed to report practically every case but as a matter of fact that was scarcely ever done. He understood in tfie first instance that he was to certify as te the accuracy of the account for £3 51. The Clerk pointed out that what the Local Govern- ment Roard required was a report on the scarlet fever eutbreak. They would not sanction the payment of the £3 Ss until they got the report.—The Chairman : Per. baps the doctor will pay the £3. (Laueiter.)—Dr Adams said he had sent on the report to the Local Government Board, and had received an acknowledge- ment. —The matter then dropped.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUTTON WATER SUPPLY.

Mr. Talb )t moved that Mr. Linaker's name be added to the Sutton Parochial Committee.—Mr. Partington seconded.—Mr. Wallington said he did not think Mr. Linaker should be put on the committee. He thought they had transacted their business very well,and as long as they had Mr. Talbot on the committee he thought they had quite suffi.'Aent members.—Mr. Linaker dis- sented from Mr. Wallington as to the constitution of the committee. The present arrangement with the Liverpool Corporation was that there should be a maxi- mum rent of £BO per annum. The Committee had actually contracted to pay for more water that they could really consume and there would be no inducement to the ratopayers to economise. tTbe Facia estate repre- sented more than one half of the township and he thought it ought to be better represented.—Mr. Walling- ton said if Mr. Linaker could get the amount reduced he for one would only be too pletsed.—The motion to add Mr. Linaker to the committee was carried. This was all the business. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

This Board held its usual fortnightly m.eting, at Dut- ton Workhouse, last Tuesday. There were present : Messrs. Samuel Woodward, (presiding), A. R. Norman, T. Reynolds ; the Rural District Councillors, w ith Mr. John Ashton (clerk), and Mr. George Ashton (deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_18981014_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
VACCINATION STATION.

Hr. H. E. Bower, Stretton, recommended that one of the six vaccination stations in Budworth district be re tamed, and it was decided that; the one at Stockton Heath be retained.—Dr. W. E. Burton, of Frodeham, in • Inflated that there were no stations in that district which it would be necessary to retain.

POOR LAW -CONFERENCE.

At the Poor Law Conference held at tiverpol on the 30th September and Ist October. several interesting papers were read and discussed.—Mr. S. Woodward and Mr. T. Darlingron reported that it was an " eye opener" to those who had not boon there.—Mr. Clarke thought that the results would not pay expenses. (Laughter.)—Several members disagreed with this. YINANCES.

Mr. T. Wright sub-in-Itt-e-ti the financial statement. The cost of maintenance ol lunatics for the last half year was £289 173.—The report was adopted. THR GUARDIANS AND Tlla NURSING ASSOCIATION. _ _

A letter was received from Miss Isabel G. Lowndes, secretary of the Northern Workhouse Nursing Associa- tion, stating that she regretted that any mis-understand- ing should hays arisen regarding the length of Nurse Willis' appointment. The nurse had frequently asked for another appointment with a higher salary chiefly I from family reasons, and that was the sole reason for transferring her elsewhere without any thought of in- juring the interests of the Guarclans in any way what- ever. She further stated that the Association were prepared to send Nurse Annie Todd,aged 29 years,trained at Sheffield. She would however require a higher salary I than £25, as her present salary was £23 per annum I with £2 for uniform. If the Guardiaas desired the ap- pointment could in future be made for two years. Mr. A. R. Norman, chairman of the House Committee, stated that they had never had the slightest intimation that the nurses were dissatisfied. Not long ago they fixed their salary at a certain figure and arranged to give them an annual advaucc of £1 until a maximum of £3O por annum was reached. It seemed to them that the Association were not dealing fairly. They were simply going to take th,dr nurse away, and the nurse they suggested should take her place was already receiv- ing £2B, and would probably want an advance on that. The feeling of the committee was very strongly against the way in which the Association condunted their busi- ness. They ought to have acquainted ttin board if there was any complaint and given them an opportunity, if they thought fit,of giving the present nurse an increased salary. The nurse now told them that had she thought the Board would have advanced her salary she would have asked for an incresse. The Chairman explained that the commencing salary was £25, and was progreqsive at the rate of per annum until a maximum of £3O was reached; Admiral Jones-Parry moved that a letter be sent to the Association that in future no letter would be taken notice of unless it had previously been sent to the Board. It seemed a most extraordinary thing to write to the nurse and ask her to send in her resignation without first of all acquainting the Beard. Mr. Talbot seconded and the motion was carried. It was also decided to ask the Association if thy would guarantee in future to supply nurses on the understanding that they remained two years when ap- pointed by the guardians. TSB LAM MIL YARWC9D,

Mr. Norman referred to the death of Mr. S. Yarwood. Be was sure it must have been a great surprise to them, as it was to himself, to hear of his sudden death. At

===== 0002601_18981014_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER' FRIDAY, OCTOBER l4, 1898

that time one hardly knew what to say, but the least they could do was to pass a vote of condolence with the deceased's family. Mr. Mclntyre seconded. Tne motion was passed unanimously ; tho members of the board all standing.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RCTNCORN COUNTY COURT. TITESDAT.—B4OII3 His honour Jathre Wynn') Ffoulkes.

THE IMPROVED COURT ROODS.

His honour said before proceeding with the ordinary business of the curt he would like to thank the County Council for having provided such an excellent court. They had evidently studied the interest of the County Court quite as much as the Police Court. and he was sure the professional gentlemen wodld agree witi him that the County Council had done their best to :cake it a proper court in every sense of the word. He was pleased to find that a poor box, which had bean so long needed, had been placed in the court. He again thanked the County Council for their consideration. _ _

IRS- LIST.

The list enrnprisea 57 ,ordlnary. summonses ; 39 judgement summonses ; 5 defsuTt summonses; and one adjourned plaint. EQUITY.

_ His honour had bafore him an action in equity brought by the Board of Guardians of Manchester re Robert Jones deceased, engineer late of Liverpool. The trustees were Thomas Moores, Regent-street, gracer, and John Shag- crass, Wellinp,ton-street, retail coal dealer; end they had paid into the Post Office Savings Bank £162 103., to the credit of the deceased's estate. The judge made a main- tenance order in favour of the Guardians for £22 8.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
A FRODSHLM TRADESMAN &ND HIS DEBTORS.

WilUam Shore, gr3cer, Frodtham Bridge, sued William Davies, chemical labourer, of the same place for £9 7s id, for gods sold and delivered. Mr. H. N. Line- ker appeared for the plaintiff. The plaintkff's wife and ' daughter proved serving the geode to the defendant's wile and children. The defendant argued that his wife had ordered the goods withont his authority, but his hanour ordered the amount claimed to be paid in three montha.—Mr. Shore also claimed £5 15s lid from James Foster, in care of W. Hallman, Frodsham Bridge, I farm labourer.—The defendant contended that the goods had been supplied without his authority, but the judge refused to accept the defence, asd orderei the money to be paid at the rate of 2 per month.—James Booth, chemical labourer, in care of Thomas tdolyneuz, Com- pany's-row, Weston, was sued. The evidence was to the effect that the goods had been supplied to the defend- ant's sons for the household.—The defendant denied this, and said he allowed his wife sufficient m aney to live upon without going into debt.—The juke 'gave judgment for the defendant because the goods had been supplied to grown up sons for whom the lather could scarcely be liable.

BOY DROWNED AT RUNCORN DOCK.

FUTILE AT TEMPT AT RESUSCITATION.

At the Runcorn Police Court, on Monday morning. an inquest was held by Mr. J. E. ‘l,..riley, coroner, teach- ing the tieath a a little boy, Thomas Arthur Wood, aged five who was drowned on Saturday whilst playing in the vicinity of the Frances Dock, Runcorn.—Peter Woods' labourer, of Peicival-lane, ideatified the body as hat of his son Thomas Arthur, whom he saw last alive lOn Saturday about 1.30. At about 4.30, he he .rd that the boy had fallen iuto the dock. He saw the body of his son taken out of the water.—Abraham Colclough, captain of the " Tartar," lying in the Frances 3 Dock, Runcorn, said on Saturday evening, about 4.30, he was in his cabin,when he heard a noise outside. Ha went out and was told by two young men that a boy had fallen into the water. He got a shaft,and putting it down the side of the dock fished out the b Ay. Immediately, the young men and himself tried to resuscitate the body; but their efforts were of no avail. One of the young men present was fully acquainted with the method, and told them what to do. Finally the body was taken borne. Witness thought the boy had been in the wet a. about 10 minutes toe quarter of an tour.—Thomas Hughes,6-year old son of Mr. David Hughes, Percivat's-lane, Runcorn, stat,d that the deceased was pulling a rope, when he suddenly slipped and fell into the water and sank. Witness was so frightened that he went home and told his mother—Police Constable Wilson, said, from infor- mation received, he went to the Frances Dock about 20 minutes to five. Be found Captain Colclough and two young tnen—one named John Gatley—trying to resusci- tate the body of the deceased. Witness assisted them for about 20 minutes, but to no purpose.—The Coroner colsidered tnere was no doubt but that the boy was accidentally drowned. Be thought, however, that the men deserved every praise for their conduct in the attempt to resuscitate the body; it was a worthy effort to save life.—The jury returned a verdict of " Acciden- drowned."

===== 0002601_18981014_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. 8-AMU', YARWOOD.

Mr. Samuel Yarwood, the well-known and respected guardian for Newton Ward, and who for the last 50 years has carried on an extensive business as cab pro- prietor, of Albert-street, Runcorn, died very suddenly on Saturday evening. On the Saturday, Mr. Yar wood, though in his 74th year, attended business in town with his accustomed regularity, and oven spoke of fulfilling his engagements for the forthcoming week—the Board of Guardians meeting, and a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Widnes, Runcorn and District Billpost- ing Company, of which he was a member. Returning home he complained of feeling ill at about ten - minutes past seven on Saturday', and notwithstanding medical attendance, he died at about five minutes past nine the same night. Previous to founding his business as a cab proprietor Mr. Yarwood was a well known auctioneer. What makes the circumstances attending Mr. Yardwood's sudden demise the more touching is that only 15 months ago he followed the remains of his life's partner (Mrs. Yarwoed) to the grave ; and but three months ago be saw the remains of ' his son Frederick laid to rest within the cemetery. He leaves one son,Mr. Walter Yarwood, with whom general sympathy is expressed. The deceased was attende Iby Dr. Ormsby. I The mortal remains of Mr. S. Yarwood were com- mitted to the grave in Runcorn Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon. The funeral cortege left the deceased's late residence at three o'clock, and the following tradesmen and others showed their rcapect by walking in advance of the hearse :—Messrs. J. H.Lee (Widnes), Thomas Lea, W. Miles, W. Hankinson, W. Nieltam (huilder), Arthur Rodgers, C. Dutton, F. Dutton, W. Nickson (Church. street), H. Dekorke, Luke Holmes, May, F. Pearson, W. Brown, R. Abraham, J. Johnson, S. Spann, B. Aston and W. Bankes (undertaker). The mourners were : Messrs. Walter Yarwood (son), Frank and Edward Yar- I wood (High Leigh), J. O'Kell, E. O'Kell; J. Roberts, and G. Booth. The service in the chapel and at the grave- side was conducted by the Rev. W. Fidoo.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF AN OLD- RUNCORN PUBLIC

:OFFICIAL There passed away on Sunday last, az the ripe old age of 82 years, in the person of Mr. Henry Coleburn, one of Runcorn's oldest and most respected public officials. His end was peacef el and he went quietly over" to the great majority" after but a few weeks illness. Born in 1818 Mr. Coleburn came to Runcorn in 1852 ,and in May of the following year,he was appointed registrar of births and delthe for the sub-district of Runcorn, a post he retained up to as recent a date as 1895, when he re- signed owing to a serious illness. During a considerable part of his active life in Runcorn be held office as vaccination offieer and regis- trar of marriages. For several years he was secretary of the Church Institute, also libraian and col- lector of subscriptions ; and during the time he was also superintendent of the National Boys Sunday schools ; teacher of the monitor's class and as a district visitor he did good work. For nearly 20 years he was a memb3r of the Runcorn Burial Board, and was twice elected chairman of that body. He was also chairman of the Runcorn Ratepayers Association (now defunct). His connection with the sport and amusement of the town was also of an eminent and time honoured standing,and for some time he held the presidency of the Runcorn Bowling Club. He also filled the position of Market Hall Inspector for a period of 14 years.—On Wednesday the funeral took place, add was largely attended. The funeral took place at the Runcorn Cemetery, on Wednesday afternoon. Prior to proceeding to the grave- side, a short service was conducted at Trinity Church by the Rev. C. R. Killick, M.A. Mr. H. Co3kerlyne (organist of Kirkstall Church Leeds), presided at the organ. The order of the cortege from the church to the Cemetery was coach, containing, Rev Canon Wood (vicar), Rev C R Killick (vicar of Trinity) and Dr Ormsby ; the hearse, accompanied by Maser:. J France, C Faulkner,W Jones, and D Bailie (bearers) •, and the remaining coaches con- taining :—Mrs H Coleburn (widow), Mss Coleburn,Mrs Blakemore, Mrs Cockerlyne, Mrs Waterworth (daugh- ters), Mr Cockerlyne (son-in-law), Mr John Maggs and Mr Harry Cockerlyne, (grandsons), Mrs Seddon (grand- daughter),Mr Seddon,sars Beauchamp (sister-in-law),Mrs Woodhouse,Mr Sutton.Mr W Hankinson,Mr Collenee,Mr Turner, Mr. Coe. and Mr. Nixon. At the graveside he concluding portion of the service was improssively read by the Rev C R Killick. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr W Yarwood.

PAROCHIAL COMMITTER McirrrNa.—The nasinthly meet- ing of this committee was held in the Court Room, Prod- sham.on Friday evening, Mr. Charles E. Linaker presid- ing. In the absence of the clerk (Mr. Ashton), owing to illness, Mr. Earlam gave notice that he would ask at the next meetihg as to the position the Township Committee stood with the Lordship Committee with regard to the discharge of sewerage matter at the outfall belonging to the townihip.—Mr. Midge referred to the length of time the water in the River Weaver was held up, but the further consideration was deferred.—The Psrish Clerk reported that during the past quarter the sum of £135 19s 44 of the water rate had been collected, leaving £37 110 s scl as arrears.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
[SUDDEN DEA.TH AT WESTON.

INQUEST AND VERDICT.

Mr. J. D. Woreley, coroner, held an Inquiry at the Royal Oak, Weeton, on Thursday morning, tolehiag the death of William Wood, a dock labourer. aged 64 years, eliding at Heath-road, Weston, who died at his lodgings on Tuesday evening rather suddenly.—Dr. Robinson aid the decetsed's sister were present at the inquiry._ Margaret %Berme, sad she resided in Heath-road. Wes- ton, and tee deceased had been lodging with her for about 9 years. For the last 3 years he had be-n in a very bad stets of health, suffering from a cough and spitting very much. Witness did not know what kind of medicine it was that the deceased was in the habit oF taking, but he told her himself that he got it from the chemist's. Deceased had not taken anything, howev4r, for about a month or more. Deeeased was taken ill on the Monday morning, when he complained of a shake that seized him whilst at work on the peevious Thursday. Witness wanted to go for the doctor, but Wood said he was getting up at noon, which h 3 did. On the Tuesday he complained of being sleepy , and said that he could sleep for a week, if she woul I make the bed seedy for him. She accordingly did so, I and he retired. Witness also administered a cup of ' whisky to him, after which his expectorations ceavd. which caused her to remark that it had appareety done him good, Abouc five o'clock in the evening she sent her little girl upstairs to see whether Wood would take anything, and her daughter brought her word that he would like a drink of tea. She set too to get it ready and also to fry him a chop. But whilst she was thus engaged he called out " missus," and again re- p9ated the cry with qu:te a changed voice. She called to ask what was the matter; and he again shouted, add- ing "I am dying! I am dying!" She ran ups:airs' and wee quite frightened by the change in deceased, and asked him if she could fetch Mrs. Best. He said yes and she went and c died her. When they raurned deceased was worse and only lived a few minutes afterwards. The Coroner : There were no medicine bottles about? —Witness : None whatever, sir. He has not had any, for some time. I have two grown-up sons who sleep in the same room and they would have known.

, Dr, Robinson • Did the deceased give up spitting ? Yes sir. When did it stop ?—Oa Tuesday about half past eleven, after taking the drop of whisky. Was this a strange tOing ?—Yes, a very strange thing for the deceased. Isabella Best, Pritchard's-row, Weston,who was called in to see the deceased by the last witnese, said that eh found the deceased sitting on the side of the bed,and he said ha was dying. Ste tried to get him to go hack to bed, but he did not and died whilst- she was holding hiA head in her arms. She had a conversation wtth ...eceased on the Mooday and remarked how unwell he was look- ing, at the same time advising him to go to the doctor. He replied that he was going to Dr. Robinson on the Tuesday, for the purpose of getting a club note and that he would also get the doctor to prescribe a few we ks rest for him. She did not notice that he had given over spitting. Witness b 4eved that Mr. Killgrass was a very kindly woman and did all the could for the deceass.d. Dr. Robinson, Runcorn, eaid that he had no recollec- tion of seeing deceased during hi g lifetime. H-i had seen and examined the body of the deceased a-id found the lunge in a state of disease. The extent of the dioase was great, 050 of the lungs being in a state of co, ges- tion, and the other p,rfee;ly excavated. It was enough to cause sudden death. Re apparently was kept alive by the part of the excavated lung continuing to do his work,but consequent on the chill that he complained of on the Thursday that part had also become cougested. He Should say that death was due to asphyxia He did not think that anything might have ben done to avert danger had he been called in sooner ; but in some in- stances these kind of people lingered on for a considerable time. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN. RUNCORN. The harvest festival at this place Of worship com- menced on Thursday evening last week, and was con- tinued on Sunday. The preacher on Thursday was Mr. W. H. II )ble,missionaryof Liverpool. On Sunday morn- ing there was a celebration of Rely Communion, with sermon by the Rev. W. H. Stables, M.A. At 2.30 a children's service was held, the pulpit being occupied by Mr. J. W. Davies, hon. licensed lay reader, Faro tvorth. Mr. Davies was also the preacher at the evening service, when the building was filled to its utmost capacity. Special harvest music was rendered by the choir, and their efforts were a great help to the services. The church was prettily decorated with a wealth of flowers, ' fruit, corn, &c., the work of beautifying having been , accomplished with much taste by the lady members of the congregation and other friends. Collections were taken in aid of the mission funds. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, RUNCORN. Thanksgiving services for the in;athering of the hor- vest were held at this place of worship on Sunday,whm the preacher morning and evening was the Rev. R. L. Roose, of Rolt. The congregations were very large. The decoration of the building bad been skillfully accom- plished with an abundance of flowers, fruit, corn, and vegetables, arranged with infinite pains and care. The choir were prominent with BOMA good singing, and their services were a great help to the e?rigreg.tion. The collections were in ald of the auxiliary and building funds.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM UNITED CHURCH.

On Sunda.; special services were condTc.ted at the above church lav the Rev. J. Dyer Bray, who was for- merly the pastor of the church. Good congregations attended. The interior of the chapel presented a very neat appearance, having been decorated for the harvast reloiciags. DUTTON.

• The harvest thanksgiving services were conimenced at eutton Church on Friday evening, when the Riv. Charles Packer, vicar of Dane Bridge, Northwich, preached to a Cr .iwded congregation from St. Matthew XIII. 39, "The harvest is the end of the world and the revere are the angels." The service was of a bright and attractive character, the cho'r rendering the anthem, "He watereth the Hills„ in a creditable manner, Mr. Thomas Johnson and Miss Sarah Kinsey taking the base and solos respectively. The decoration of the church had bson very effectively carried out. The services were continued on Sunday, when the Vicar the Rev. L. D Lyon Bennett, preached to a good congregation, from the St. John IV. 37, 38. Mr. James Withenshaw, ably presided at the organ. COCKHEDGE MISSION, WARRINGTON.

The harvest festival services of the above Mission, was held on Sunday last, when Mr. A. Holland, of Waning - ton, gave a very suitable and instructive address in the morning to scholars and friends. In the afternoon, the Rev. J. Yonge preached a powerful and appropriate sermon from the text, " And thou shalt rejoice in every good thing, Stc.," Deut. 26c. 11th v., More a large con- gregation. Mr. Alfred Carney preached in the evening. when every available seat in the place was occupied. His text was taken from Matt. 15c 34v., Row many loaves have ye." which was powerfully delivered, and very attentively listened to The choir sang the anthem $1 Ye shall dwell is the land, Sce " in a very creditable manner. The solos were ta.ben by Miss Senior and Mr. J. W. Travis, amd rendered in their very best style.— Ou Monday evening the fruit banquet and entertainment was held, and was very successful, the artiste% acquit- ting themselves in a very c,eiitahle manner. Misses Senior, Tanner, Eiwards,and Mr. H. Lightfoot rendered songs and duets; Miss Shaw recited "Dora "in a very pleasing manner ; Mr. .Bloomfield played two con- certina solos with taste and skill, and was greatly appre• elated by the audience. Mr. T. Baker accompanied in his usual good style. ST. JAMES', ,L ATCHFORD.

Large congregations attended the services at this church on Sunday,morning and evening. The preacher in the morning was the Vicar, and in tho evening tho pulpit was occupied by the Rev. W. Hollowell, BA., heaimaster of the Caldav Grange Grammar School,West Kiriw, both gentlemen delivering appropriate addresses. Special music was rendered by the choir, and appn— priate harvest hymns sung,a band accompaniment being supplied. A larger sum than usual was realized by the offertories, whic i were in Ind of the church expenses.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE:'

On Sunday the harvest thanksgiving services were held at Christ Church, Padgate. The morning service was conducted by the Vicar (the Rev' J Latighani),who also preached the sermon. The anthem was ,3 I 'will feed my flock," Mr William Fryer taking the tenor solo. In the afternoon a children's sqrvice was held, the Vicar delivering an address to the Sunday school scholars. At the evening service the church was filed, chairs having t 3 be placed in the aisle to accommodate the worship- pers. The pulpit was occupied by thc Rev Percy Stewart, rector of West Derby. The choir sang the an- them "He watereth the hills," the solo parts being taken by Mr J H Sherlock, of Warrington, and Mr W Fryer. Mr F Blackwell was the organist.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CM:MMES.

CAIRO-STREET CHAPEL.

On Sunday evening, at the above place of worship, the Rev. W. H. Drummond preached a special e-rmon on " Democratic Danger," bsing the second of thres discourses on " Christianity and Dsmccracy." The dis- course of the rev, gentleman, which was an able one, was listened to with much interest.

CYCLISTS UST 1 PILLAR BRAND.

Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel, linamellette,and Brunswick Blank. From all Dealers. AGENTS: MeLF,AN AND CO., 13. SEEL-STREET. LIVERPO NEW RAPID CYCLES.—GaRLkszn, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. BEAUTIFUL PRODUCTIONS IN MILLINERY, Mantles, Jackets, Furs, Dress Fabrics,Bm. For Autumn Wear: now on View, at lowest possible prices. w• T. WlLLuars, 74. Sankey-street, and 1, Legh-street, Warrington.—Acirt,

===== 0002601_18981014_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SCHOOLS AT BANK QUAY. MISS GERTRUDE C-R-OSFIELD LAYS THE FOUNDATION STONE.

Wednesday was an important day to all connected with the Workingmen's Mission at Bank Quay, for it was then that the foundation stone of their new schools was hit The present schools are in dose proximity to the works of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons. Limited, and the extenson of the works premises necessitate tneir removal. The schools ware originally built by Mr. John Crosfield, J.P., hut on the formation of the com- pany his interest in them as an owner came to an end. Dotermined that the good work which had been carried on for so many years at the schools shou'd not be im- peded, Mr. Crosfield generously came forward and de- cided to build new schools at his own expense. An admirable site was found in Thewlis-street, off Liverpool-road, and the buildings which are now in course of erection vr:11 b 3 used for both day and Sunday Schools, as is the case with the present schools. The day school his been used for the ,ed JeaVon of infants, and has been u idw the manage- m r.it of the Committee in charge of the People's College. The new buildings erecting in Thewlis-street will coasist of one large central room and three class zooms, with cloakroom and lavatory accommodation for all the chil- dren who will attend the school. The large room will b ) used for the purposes of the Workingmen's Miss'on and Sunday School, and can be divided across the c mtre during the week when it is in use for school purposes. The room will measnre 52ft. by 32ft., and his a higlit of Mt. 9in. to collar ceidng. One classroom measures 31f c. by lBfd., and two oth 18ft. by 15f each. Toe contract for the whole of the work has been let to ' Messrs. Beckett and Co., of Warrington and Hartford. The buildings will be heated with hot water, but will have supplementary fireplaces in the classrooms. The elevations will be of Ituabon brick with stone dressings. The buildings are being eracte I from designs and unier th, superintenglence of Messrs. William aad Sager Owen, architects of Warrington. .

A !arise concourse of people assembled to witness the ceremony of laying the foundation stone on Wednesday afternoon. Some bunting was displayed in honour of the event, an i an improvised platform was erected around the stone. Arnenest tease present were Coon- ceior Crosfield eirs.Crosfielland Miss G Crosfi mess Roberts, J.P., Mr. William Owen, J.P.,Mr. Cearles Tw War. Thomas Ashley, Mr. Thomas Dale,Mr.Nathae Howse (sisperinteneent of the echool),elr.Burndred, mud Me. Alfred Tilling (hon. secretary). After a hymn had been sung and prayer offered by Mr. Burndred, ~tr. ehornas Dito,allo c ondueted the proceelings,called upon Mr. Tillatethe hon. secretary of the Sunday school. He stated that he had reeeivei letters of ap ologv for non• attendance from Councillor Thomas Burton, Mr. F. Monks, Councillor Tinnion, Councillor Shaw Green, and Councillor Shillcock. Mr. DALE in the course of an address said he could , ere find words with which to give expression to the feelings of his heart on that occ salon. He Was exc'ed- in-ely pt ased, as all the 'friends of the Mission were, to , take part in that wire impertant ceremony. Some 29 years ago, a few children were gathered togethee in the upper roem of the bulling now eceueied by the Mersey Cycle Works. In a very short time the premises le-atm. toe small, and Mr. Crosfield thee Cams forward and built the present Mission Cnap 1, which was used for a number of years for both mission and Sunday s eesol purposes. The Mission became ton small to aceenneo- date the Sunday rchool sch •lars and 00C3 more Mr Cros- field came to their assistance and built the schools which they at present used. The scholl had very large'y developed, and at the present time the number of scholars on the books was 529 (Applause) They would therefore see that from very humole beginnings a great and noble cause had prospered. At the openinis of the rniesices chapel a quarter of a century ago Mr. Cresfiele expressee the wish that the cause might flourish and grow and be a centre of usefulness. To-day they saw those hopes fully realised. (Hear, hear.) The great geed that had been conferred aspen the neighboure .o I in which the cause had been established could not be estimated. God only knee' tee blessed results which had followed the voluntary efforts put forward by workers who had had an opportunity of doing a noble work through the generosity of Mr. Cresield. Some time ago they were told that they would have te vacate their present premises, and the people who told th•ion that clid not say where they would have te go. The committee, however, had every cenfileece in the founder of the mission. They believed he would never see the Sunday school without a home. Mr. Cro ;field • attended their annual Christmas tea meeting, and told them it was true that the building had passed from his possession, but he gave them the assueance that until fresh accommodation had been provided for thorn t ley would not be dis-urbed. He was sure ever eons con• nested with the Mission was glad that that premise had been carried out. To-dray they were witnesses of it. There were certain disadvantages in connection with the Present schools which would net exist in the new build- ings. The Present scheols were seat off from the public gaze, and there viers spree people who chi not Icenw they had a school. (Laughter). The new buildings would have a frontage to one of the principal thorough- fares of a thriving neighbourhood. In buildine those schoole he believed Mr. Crosfield's object was a (feeble one, Be desired to find acionamodation for day school and Sunday school scholars. Tha education of the young was a subject which was receiving more attention Ito-day than was the case in the years that are past. It was possible that some small boy in the neighbourhood • belonging to the working-class might,by means of those schools, be guided to the lower rungs ot the ladder which would lead him to the highest. With regard to the religious work, they kaew some of the geo 1 results that bad accrued from the efforts put forth in connection • with the present Sunday wince. In conclusion ha hoped • that Mr. and Mrs. Croafie'd and all the family might live many years to see fruits of their present noble and • princely gift, (Applause.) Mr. WILLIAM °wee said it often fell to the lot of an • architect to meet with a client who had some noble object in view. The present occasion was one which gave peculiar pleasure to all concerned, and especially to the architect. Ho hoped the building would fulfil all their expectations and wishes and do (erectly what they wanted in the future. Mp. D ale had mentioued that one of the objects of the building was education. He should like to say that the education given in the week-days would be under the direction of his old friend MeCharles TWiB9 who must have educated half the people of War- rington Or probably more. (Laughter.) The religious movement was gulag to be conducted by a band of men with whom he had had a great deal of pleasure in being aseiseiated with. To See and know their enthusiasm was a pleasure to him. He could not help thinking that in doing the part Mr. Crosfield was doing he was carrying out the precept of helping those who help themselves. (Applause.) There was one happy feature in connection with that day's proceedings he should like to mention. As an architect he had been to a great many foundation stone laying ceremonies during his 30 years' experience but never before that'afternoon had he seen a foundation atone laid by a lady. (Applause.) To himself that would be a great pleasure,but above all he thought Miss Gertrude Crosfield was the proper person to do so seeing the greet interest that Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield task in the work connected with the Workingmen's Mission. (Applause.) There was one other matter he should like to mention. It hal been stated that Mr. Crosfield had two objects in view. Re believed there were three, for as architect to the building be was planning a room for Mrs. Crosfield in which to carry out the work she had conducted with success for a number of years in con- nection with the mission, and which etas an important one. (Applause.) Mr. Taomes ASSLEY was then called upon to present a silver trowel to Miss Gertrude Crosfield with which to perform the ceremony of laying the stone. In doing so Mr. Ashley briefly sketched the history of the mission. He seated that on December 18th, 1370, the mission ttared with 15 or 20 scholars in a small room in Liver- pool-road for which £lO it year were paid for rent. After they had been there twelve menthe Mr. Croslield thought they were overcrowded and built the chapel across the way. The foundation stone was laid on the 18th September, 1871, and Mn. Wallington, the builder, had the chapel completed in December. It was opened for mission and Sunday school purpeeas on December 24th with about 70 Scholars. They laboured in the chapel for some three or four years bit the scholars increased so rapidly that they were obliged to seek for a larger room. Mr. Crosfield was made acquainted with their needs and in 1874 he provided the schools which were still in use. By Christmas of the year 1874, the scholars had increased to 290. In 1882, Mr. Crostleld added two vestries to the schools which gave them additional accommodation for about 80 scholars. They had now increased the number of scholars to 529. To-day they stood there to lay the foundation stone of their new schools in consequence of the firm requiring the space occupied by their present schools. It was not compulsory upon Mr.Crosfield to build new schools, but by his generosity and kindness of heart he had once again assisted them and the town of Warrington to the extent of about £2,500. (Applause.) He had now very great pleasure in presenting a silver trowel to Miss Gertrude Crosfield. It bore the following inscription "Presented to Miss Gertrude Crosfield by the committee and friends of the Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay, Warrington, on the occasion of her • laying the founda- tion stone of the new schools erected by her father, 12th October, 1898." Miss CROSFIELD then gracefully performed the cere- mony. After the stone had been lowered and placed in Position she said i" I declare this stone well and truly laid." On the stone was inscribed the following .• This stone was laid by Miss Gertrude Crosfield on the 12th October, 1895." Alderman ROBERTS proposed a vote of thanks to Mr' Crosfield for providing the buildings. He said it afforded him great pleasure to do so for two or three reasons. He was glad of the opportunity cf meeting a good many old friends of his in that district. He was glad to hear Mr. Owen say that his acquaintance with those connec- ted with the Mission had been a pleasant one. Mr. Owen was a gentleman whom he respected very greatly, but there was no one who had yet attained perfection. and if Mr. Owen would rub shoulders with the class of . men they hail at Bank Quay, he would be very consider

ably a better man than he was to-day. (Laughter). He (Alderman Roberts) was glad to know that the old school and the new school were to b 3 associated with the came class of secular education and under the management of his friend, Mr. Twiss. He was an old People's College lad himeelf, and was proud of the fact. It was quite true that he was not one of Mr. Twiss's pupils, but a pupil of Mr. TwiSees late master Mr. Brewtaall than whom a better or abler man never ' went inside a school of his day. He owed a great deal to the old scheol of People's College—a debt he could never repay. With reference to the resolution of thanks to Mr. Crosfield, he co !Id say that he had known Mr. Cr 'sfield for a longer period than he almost dared men- tion. (Laughter.) It be :an with a feilieg of great re- epect but it had deepened and deepened into a personal one. It was begotten of the fact that he had seen so much of the public and private benevolence of Mr.Cros- field ha everything which made for the moral, spiritual and material welfare of the people of this titan. Tdere hai been no work which had for its object the improve- meet of the town or of its people with which Ati.Crosfield had not been largely ass ociared with.(Hear,hear )Efe was sure they woald agree with him when he said that this last act reflected even greater crelit,beth upodhis heart and motives than anything else had done. Many persons if placed in a similar position would have left them te fight their own battles as best they could. But that was not Mr. Crosfild's way of doing things. Mr. Cros- field had a strong !Arsenal sense of duty and that had led him to make the handsome donation of new schools, a donation which would not only be of material benefit to those residiag in the district, but a donation which had laid the whole town under obligation to him. He had pleasure in moving that thei: thanks be tendered to Mr. Crosfield for his generous gift of those schools. (Ap- plause.) Mr. CIZABLES Teem seconded the vote of thanks, and said it was a pleasure to him to be there th at afternoon and see present Mr. and Mrs. Croefield, and Miss Gros- field. He had k iown Mr. Crosfield pereonally for some- thing like 50 years. Mr. Croofield visited their old echool Chet leneth of time age, and even before then. He (Mr. Twiee) had ben intimately associated with him during that time except the ten or eleven yeare he was out of town at another school. To mention what Mr. Croefie'd h id done for the Peoule's College WWI an lames- sibility. rle had helped it io every possible way. Be (Mr. Twigs) remembered the origin of tho preeent pre- inieee at Ba ell Quay, as en infants schsol. The mana- gers were talkie,' about the growing needs of People's Collogn, and the Inspector suggested that the infants should be moved out of the school. Mr. Crosfield men- tioned the schoolroom at Bank Quay, and said if the managers liked to use it they could have it practically rent free. The Inspector came over to see it, and thought it would meet the pur ,OsirS of an infants school if a few alterations were naade. They had now bean there about 25 or 25 years. Good work had been done there. They had had good mis- tresses, and a good one was there now. But be wee net sorry they were going out of it. The builerng was not quite adequate for their present requirements, arid if it was not quite adequate for them. how much less adequate was it few the large number of Sun eae school scholars which had been mentioned. He Was dPlißllt'd with the work the people were doing in rionneetioc with the mission. A band of more enthusias- tic workers it had not been his lot to meet with. He was afraid the new building would be toe small. They were only providing accommodation for something like 240 or 250 scholars That being so he did not know where the large number of Sunday school scholars were going to h. accommodated. He exp^cted they were looking to Mr. Cresseld for further assistance (Laughter and" No no" from Mr. Croefield). The assistance of Mr. Crosfited was not conined to one school. Ho did not think there was a school in Warrington that Mr. Cresfield had not helped more or less. They owed the Scheel of Art to lois liberality. (Hear, hear). Even in Italy, where he (Mr. Twiss) spent a very happy holiday 'Nernetime ago he was told of the generality of Mr. Cros- field in various ways. In con-lusion Mr. Twiss said he was sure all would have great delight in working in the new schools. (Applause.; The vote was carried with acclimation. Mr. CROSFIELD, le r espotAing, met with a very cor- dial reception. He wars very much obliged to Mr. Roberts ard Mr. r mig=t for the kind way they had pro- posed the voee of thanks He thoueht they had said too mu-h. ("No, no.") But there was always a reward in building a school because he thought odueation was abut the best and kindest giftt that could be given to the people. (Hear, hear.) When nig Sunday school commenced in a fustian-cutting room which stood onneeite the mission chapel thete were only about half- a-dezen children, and he believed that several of the present teechers or these connected with the committse were associated with the school then.He knew that Mr. N than Heuerh was and he was now the !superintend int of the school. (Hear, hear.) When they told hint the room was too email he said he would build a chapel. He built the chapel and it was nut very long before they name again and said the chapel was toe small. (Laugh- ter.) Well he bent a schoolroom, and that eventuelly became too small. They were no doubt aware that *cc 'rely the private firm Was changed into a limited lia- bility compeny,and when the transfer took place he for- r.tot all abent the posi•ion of the school. The lawyer told laim whoa the whole thing was completed that he didn't possess a single brick of the schoolroom.He(Mr.Croefield) replied that that was rather hard seeing that he built it. (Leughter.) Rut he made up his mind that he would go semewhere e'se where he could own a brick, and be got his friend Mr. Owen to secure the plot of land on which they now steed. It was in a convenient situation.it wasi suitable for the purrose, and he determined that he would build a s•heel that would not only suit all the wants o 5 the Sundae school bit should answer all the need eof Mr Twiesei infants' school. (Hear.hear.) The admirable ietereal arrangements that Mr. Owen had made far the school he thought would answer the m- elee; f r which the school was entendei and would receive the apnroval of the Government Educational Board, which was a very Important thing in view of the fact that if a School Board were formed in Warrington the schools would have to be posted by the Government. The success of the school had been dice to ite imeentarianism. He laid it down at the commencement that he would not have it connected eieth any sect whatever except the sect called cbristians. (Hear. hear.) What was the cenerequence ? They had had children of rareats of all denominations flocking into the school, and unsectarisnism had been the secret of the success of the school. Another feature it, eel sueeeFe wee that workingmen had had the whoits Manairement of the schools left in their hands. No one had interfered with then. They felt that they possessed it and they took the greatest pride in it. It wan only when they had had rows that they had come to him. (Laughter) He was v.v.', qtari to asy tae rows were all over. He had told thorn before that they had bad the measles eel chicken-pox and now they were a healthy lot. (Laughter.) He could not sit down with- out saving his feeling was that there was far less credit dice to him than to the teachers of the school. They practised a self-lenial every Sunday in the year in teaching these children. It was to thew infinite credit that they did so because they salt no reward except the reward of feeling that they were doing a Christtun duty. (Loud Applause.) proceedings several suitable hymn! were t De h gong,uraitrntimge otnhie um. accompaniments being played by Mr. Mal 8 on h

===== 0002601_18981014_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
EA RLESTOWN WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

Tha winter eessioo in connec`ion with the above two- ciation was opened on Monday, in the Co-operative Hall. There was s very lays(' aVendsoce of members,nresided over by Mrs. Rawlins, and the meeting was very enthuai s stic Mrs. Rawlins delivered an opening address which was ne-essarilv short owing to her recent severo illness. Mr. G. W. Rawlins also spoke on political questions and asked " What has the present Government done for the workingman P" Not much.he said. Mr. Balfour had certainly introduced a Local Government Bill for Ire- land, but the landlord., of whom many were in the house of Lo-ds would have thousands added to their incomes from their Irish estate% and it did not go into the poor man's pockots. They had talk' d of old age pen- sions, but they had not becnm an aecomplished fact. The Workmrn's Compensation Bill was good so far as it went, but it only touched half the people. He believed in compensation if a man fell off a shed, he also believed in it if he fell off a haystack, if it occurred in the course of his emnloyment. Speaking of the Governtssent'a Foreign Policy. Lord Salisbury had made graceful concessions, and had allowed France to take no.seseion of Madagascar, and now they had shut their doors to our commerce, and we used to do a very great business with them. fie had Os, allowed other powers to eo into China, and very soon there would be trouble there over its parti•isn. We had lost Power, prestige and possessioss since thie Government came into power. One good thing,however, the Govern- ment had done was to strFnethen the navy and every good Liberal could not but admit that that WAS a neces- sary precaution and would not object to it. The Women's Liberal Association was a great power, and he hoped they would go on and learn more about the affairs and politice of the country. Miss &Hatt proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Rawlins, and said she was glad to be present. She had learned a areas' deal. The meetines were useful as they kept them in touch with many things they had not time to read t about. She congratulated Mrs. Bawling upon her re- covery and hoped her health would continue better and enable her to come to the meeings threughout the Winter,Miss Greenell seconded,and the vote was carried with acclamation. Letters of condolence were orlered to be rent to Mrs. Prescot in her bereavement, and to Councillor Gilmour, upon the death of his wife. Mrs. Gilmour having been one of the oldest members of the Association.

CYCLISTS USE PILLAR BRAND.

Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel, Enamellette.tnil Brunswick Black. From all Dealers. ..GENTS: McLEAN AND CO., 13 SEEL-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GIVAES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALT.

Warrington entered the field on .Saturday with a re- freshing confidence in themielves. Their antagonists were the Morecambe team, the present possessors of the "wooden spoon," and promising candidates for its pos- session at the end of the present season. They may not win it after all, for at present Stockp art stand the best chance, having offered themselves far slaughter with a greater meekness thee the ssabiders. Some people tell me' that Warrington may find the wooden spoon be- stowed on them-as a badge of men t wiaen this season closes, but Ido not anticipa-e such an event myself. Warrington may be pirforming poorly but they are even yet a cut above Morecambe, ai SAturday's victory by twelve points to nil clearly shows.

As I have already remarked Warrington were pretty confident of success in this encoumer. and their confid- ence was due to the fact; th it they have never had any difficulty so far in beating the blue and wilt -•s twins a season. Morecambe are a s urdy. hard working lot of players, but they possess little idoa of scientific football as exemplified by combinatiou.

One thing whicii was very apparert on Saturday, when the teams entered the field, was the contrast in appearance between them. Ts visiliors were Smartly at- tired inclean,brigbt-coloured jersays.while the oh arring. t miens were as shabby"as they make 'ern." I am out of taste with the Warrington jersey altogether. The colours themselves are excellent but they are badly displayed. The stripes do not show up very well when the jerseys are new, but after a week's play and a wash or two they are dismal in the extreme. At present tho players look as if they had to tura out in last year's ' jerseys, so faded and merged into one another are the colours. A better way of snowing up the primrose and blue would b 3 to have the jeraeys dark blue, with a couple of—or one—broad binds of primrose across the cheit and round the sleeves. This is the style of the Wakefield Trinity jeraem, their colours being blue and red,ancl the effett is extremely striking. Stripes do not contrast the colour properly. whereas a broad band of yellow acros.s the blue wou'd transform the Warrington jersey into as pretty a club coatumi al any in the Northern Union. The colours cot the chile are excellent, but shown in their present form their beauty is lost en- tirely. A 9 the spectators have been free in their critic. ism of the Warrington t lam's neglected appearancs, the committee might do a far worse thing then smarten up the appearance of the Mea when they smarten the team itself by the importation of new blood.

But to return to the match itself. The principal event was the non-appearance of Barber, who had been placed on the teen tie inteniel to turn out, but a consulta- .tion with his doctor resulted in him being ordered to remain inactive, as far as foothill is concerned, for the whole of the season. Barber's general heath is unsatis- factory, and he would be foolish indeed were he to play in defiance of the medical advice. Ilk logs is a severe one to the club, but now that it is definitely known the, be will not be available, immediate efforts should be made to find his ducce3sor. At present there is a woeful scarcity of nom/went threequarters.

Morecambe usually give Warrington a better game at Wilderspool than away, and on Saturday they were no mean antagouists up to half-rime. But for their lack of combination, the seasiders would trouble a few clubs, but as it is their tant'c3 are sc.rcely ever dangerous. Warrington held them rather cheaply up to half-time, and consequently there was no scoring beyond a penalty goal placed by Munn. Moreaamhe were near scor- ing on several occasions, and the spectators gave the players a bit of their minds after the interval. In response thi homosters played up with more dash and energy. Holcroft was stopped in the corner on several oacasions, hut at last succeeled in registering a try amid cheer; from the impatient spectators. It was high time too that sc•riag was started, for openings galore had been allowed te slide. Mason took the place-kick, and semis ied everyoody by kicking a splendid goal from touch. Moreaamhe had saarcely a look in now, and Bate got over at thn oppo- site corner, only to be ruled in toulh. "Smack" would not be denied however, and dodged through tho thick of his opponents, planting the ball near the posts. Mason was again SIEICPS9rIII with his goal kick, and the final came with Warrington possessed of the handsome majorty of 12 paints to nil.

As a football display the game was an exesediagly poor one. The h3mesters play-d a really shocking game, considering the class of opponents they had to deal with Had Oldham or S wint in been the visitors, Warrington would have shown form of a vastly different character. Oa Saturday they simply waited opportunities, to the disgust of the spectators, and scorid haif the number of points they should hay., dons. Bat for Mason's goal. kicking the victory would have been a very meave One indeed. It is rather curioas that bitor • this match no: a single goal had been scored for or against Warrington. Then suddenly Mason kiils three in succession and the team begins t 3 think it poasesrea a goal kicker after all. I hope:Mason will keep up this form and give us a few more points by the aid of his dexterous toe.

Isherwood's absence tended to weaken tho threequarter line somewhat. Cr oss and Duck wer:h did good work, and the former seems to be regaioiug his skill. EL>loroft played well,but has a lot to learn in the way of diubling round an opoonent before he becomm a useful man on the wing. NI >ores was "off-colour," and as he sostained an injury to his thumb the Committee act wisely in giving him a rest to-day. Bate and Ashurat had nearly all their awn way behind the slrimmage, but the latter made several mulls which spoiled promising openings. Hallam did excellent service in his position as fullback, his display pleasing the crowd mulh. Elkin and Blacow were the only two men who mad a good show on the Morecambe side, the former at full back, and the latter at half. The remaining backs, with psrhaps toe excep- tion of Ff. Hadwon did little worthy of note, and their passing was crude in the extreme. Tao forwards were a good, strong lot, though not equal to the Warrington eight in the art of heeling out.

The following are the positions of the clubs in the Lan. ca+hire League, and the results of matches played up to date : . .

For. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. 11, IWidnes ........ 6.. 6... 0... 0.. 6 13— 51.., 3 0— 6...12 Swinton «. 6.. 5 . 0 . 1...12 21— 87 .. 3 1— 9...11 Broughton Rang. 5... 5.. 0... 0 ..12 23 93... 1 2 8...10 'Salford Oldham St. Helens Warrington Leigh 6... 2... 4... 0... 9 12— 64... 4 15— 63... 4 Wigan Rochdale Hornets 4... 2... 2... 0_ 5 3 19...13 15— 71... 4 Runcorn Tydlesley 6.. 1... 6... 0... 4 4 20 9 17— 69... 2 Stockport 6. 0... 6... 0... 2 4 16...15 23 99.. 0 Morecambe

The Oldham team came another cropper on Saturday, when on their own ground tney were thrashed by Broughton Rangers, who scored 8 points to the cham- pions three. So far the Rangers have woo every match and bid fair to continue their successes, having,from all aecounts a team better than the one they won the cham- pionship of 1896-7 with. There was a great struggle at Swinton, who had Salford as opponents. Play was close and exciting from beginning to end, and a draw should have been the result but a glaring knock on by a Salford forward' gave Valentine the opportunity of kicking a penalty goal. Wigan put on a score of 19, points to 8 points against Stockpori:, and at St. 1131 ens, Rochdale Hornets were trounced by 22 points to three. Traynor kicked five goals for the winners. Leigh easily trium- sclrod over their rivals from Tyldesley, their score at the close boing 18 points to nil. Widnes and Runcorn had their usual tight game, vict)ry restinz with the Widnes- ians by 10 points to Runcorn's nothing. WARRINGTON FIRLD CLUB.

The opening meeting of the Winter Seision of the Field Cab, was held in the Museum lecture-room, on Friday evening last week. Thera was a good attendance, and aft3r the usual routine bnsiness, the President, Mr. J. Shaw Green, gave an address in which, after commenting on the past work and future prospects of the club,he endeavoured to justi- fy his position as an opponent of evolution, The address was fair and temperate, and was followed by a long and lively discusFion, during which Mr. Green was congratulated on the literary skill with which he had treated his subject and the courage he displayed in bringing it before such an audience.

WARRINGTON SWIMMERS Al LIVERP3OL. On Tuesday, at a swimming gala promoted by the Liverpool Swimming Club. for the benefit of Pro- fessor Mitchell, several Warrington swimmers were successful. In the 50 yards Ladies Handicap Miss N. Anderton, with an allowance of 15-ecs. start, easily accounted for the first prizP. In the 50 yards race, confined to youths, A. Baker won, by the narrow margin of a touch, first honours ; whilst in the 50 yards open handicap, Mr. Gil. Anderton was defeated by half a yard in the final heat. With regard to Miss Anderton, she gives every promise of developing into an excellent swimmer, and Pro- fessor Barlow, whose pupil she is, has great expec.., tations as regards her future. SPIRITUALIST SOCIETY, On Sunday morning a meeting of persons interes- ted in the children was held in the Academystreet. hall, Warrington, when it was decided to commence a lyceum, or Sunday school, on Sunday morning next. The various conductors nnd other officials were elected. At the afternoon and evening services Mr. James Duffy officiated, giving addresses on " spiritual subjects. Mr P Bewiek occupied the platform on Monday evening, and after an address on lyceum work, in which he is deeply interested gave some successful clairvoyance and psychometry.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18981014_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
I • it • it ,„‘ '` It; ,

I

I •

. .

. , 1.11,,t ~i fl•iv I • , t 1 1 ffi,, 1 or II 1 I.' 41 I, i 4 lk 11:' I q 1 g 1! II 111 1 / i 1l• 1. ,r .0 010 P I i * t' 0 , 8 y r i ii;

===== 0002601_18981014_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE TIIE M ViISTRA.TES.

MAXIMUM PENALTY INFLICTED.

At the Warrin.zton Borough Police Court, on Monday morning, before the Mayor (in the chair), and other magistrates. George Thorntoo, a cripple, and described as a hawker, of no settled abode, was charged with hav- ing been drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-street on Saturday night, and with having assaulted John Massey, a horeekeeper employed by the Warrington Carriage Company, at the sam time and place.—John Massey stated that at half past six on Saturday evening he was in Buttermarket-street in pursuit of his duty, waiting to change horses, when prisoner came up and hit him across the leg with a stick. HQ asked him not to do it again. One of the prisoner's mates then hit him in the eye and knocked him to the floc.. Before he could get up prisoner hit him on the hehd with the stick. The stick, a heavy one with an iron ferule, was banded to the magistrates). Witness said the prisoner was an absolute seranger to him. When he (witness) was struck he became almost insensible. With the assistance of some bystanders prisener was taken to the Police Station. Witness'e wound was dressed at the Police Station, and subsequently he went to the Infirmary. Five stitches were put in the wound. He lost a great quantity of blood. Prisoner was drunk at the time.—Pi ismer said he had no recollection of having done anything of the kind.—Alderman Harrison: It is very convenisnt to have no recollection of disagree- able circumstances.—Prisoner : Why should I strike him P I don't know the man.—lsaac Potter, Dye-houses, gave evidence as to the assault by the prisoner.— Walter Bancroft 35, Albert-terrace, said he also saw prisoner deliberately strike Massey on the head with a stick. If prisoner had not been a cripple he (w:tness) would have struck him. He assisted in taking him to the Pol7ce Station. He was very rough.—The Chief Con- stable observed that prisoner was a stranger, but there WIS no doubt that he was an old offender. The Bench had power to commit him to gaol for three months.— Alderman Harrison : fie Is a dangerous man to be at large.—Mr. Birchall: He is a wild beast —Prisoner was sent to gaol for a month for bring drunk and disorderly and for two months for the aseault.—The Mayor thanked Potter and Bancroft for their assistance and they were allowed 2s. 61., each on the recommendation of the Chief Constable.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

PRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair). Councillor Smethurst, Dr. Gornall, Mr. Jameg Mepherd, and Alderman Roberts. _ _

A NARROW ESCAPE —Ernest Raymond, 38. Powys-street, was charged with carrying a pistol without a license on September 7th. Defendant pleaded guilty, Mr. May posecuted on behalf of the Inland Revenue,—Detective Blirlow said on the day in question he heard the report of a pistol in Powys-street. and proceeding there saw defendant and another lad. Defendant admitted by had no license, and said he was handing the pistol to his companion when it exploded. The bullet had passed through his jacket.— Detective Barlow said he tried the pistol and its bullet penetrated a 3inch board.— The defendant sail the pistol did not belong to him —The bench fined him 10s and said the police would take possession of the pistol. Din.rax AT THE POLICE ETATION.—SamneI Robinson, labourer. 31. Ttlley-street. was charged with being drank at the Police Station at a quarter to 12 o'clock on Thursday.— Defendant pl aded guilty.—P.C. Marsh said at the time and day in question the defendant was drunk and he had tied a scarf round the hand rail on the Chief Constable's steps and also tied the scarf round his neck.—Defendant was fined fis or seven days in default.

A LAzY FELLOW—Henry Heath, was charged with runn- ing from t'-e Borough on the 22nd of August. leaving his two children chargeable to the Warrington Union —Mr. B. Shearer said the prisoner's two children were brought to him on the 22nd August last. He had left them at a house in Winwick-road. They remained in the Workhouse until September 23rd.—Prisoner : I left as there was no work for me. The Mayor: I dent believe it : there was plenty of werk fora man like you. The bench committed him to prison fora month with hard labour.

A BAD CASE. Thomas Sutton lidgegreen, Ashton, was summoned for working a horse on the 28th September whilst in an unfit state.—lnspector Greatrex, R S.P.C.A. said he saw defendant in the potatoe market on Wednesday. the 28th September. He had a. grey gelding attached to a lorry. Witness found the animal to be very painfully lame on both feet, suffering front " Nevicular " an Incurable diJease. Defen taut told him be had brought it eight miles that m rning.—A police offiser corroborated. Alderman Roberts and Mr. Hepherd left the court to ex- amine the horse which was in the street below.—Defendant told the bench he did not know it was unfit : he could not see it walk lame.—The Mayor said be would be fined 20s In- cluding costs.—The magistrates who had examined the animal were of opinion that it ought to be destroyed.—De- fendant:Could you not forgive me and I will shoot it at once. The Mayor: No you ought not to have worked the animal in that stata.

BREAKING WMDOwa.—William Howson, Siddall-street. John Eddie. junior. 84, Winwlck-road, Samuel Taylor, Stem- ford-strc:tt, Edward Hart, junior, Stamford-street, (all boys) were charged with committing wilful damige to a sky telt belonging t) the Hope Foundry Company, Limit- d.—Eddy pleaded gut ty, and the others not guilty. Harrlsoq Oxley Bennett said the amount of the damage was 58. The skyP7ht had cost them £7 or £8 since they had been there —Thomas Moore,an employ 6 said one morning he was having his break- fast when a brick came through the skylight. On going out- side he saw about eight lads running away. Taylor was one of them.—P.C. Turner said he visited the houses of defend- ants. They admitted beinn there but not to breaking the window. The bench fined Eddie Si for the damage and ss. for the costs, and advised the °Veers to take wattling from that.

SATURDAY,—Before Mr. Thomas Birchall (in the chair), and Mr. John Fakelough. DESERTIOL—John Morris was charged with being a deserter from the King's Liverpool Regiment stationed at Halifax since Fovember 1895.•- Sergeant Hale said prisoner came to the barracks on Friday night. Someone said he wanted to surrender himself so he was detained.—The prisoner had nothing to say and was remanded to await an snort.

Morincy.—Pefore the Mayor (in the chair). Aldermen Harri- son and Blackhurst. Councillors Shaw Green and Smet- hurst, and Messrs. F. Monks. Birchall, and Hayward. BARNUM'S SHOW MEN IN TrcounLE.—Joseph Dys3n and William Austin, canvas men in the employ of Messrs. Barnum and Bailey, were charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street at twenty minutes past eight on Saturday night.—P.C. Carter proved the case.—The Chief Constable said the Police Superintendent in connection with Messrs Barnum and Bailey's hoped the prisoners would get six months.—A fine of ss. and costs was imposed. UNXIIZZLED Do.—Julius Pickstock, joiner. Ellesmere- street, Runcorn, was fined 2s. 9d, and costs for having a dog without a muzzle in Horsemarket-street on the 21st Septem- ber.

DBITIIICENXESS. —Thomas Williams. 124 Evelyn-street ; Alfred Hubbs, 15 Maklu•street, Salford ; Patrick McLoughlin Talbot-yard ; and John Kelly no settled abode. TEMPoP AMY AUTHORITY.—On the application of Mr. Browne temporary authority was granted to Robert John Ellis to sell at the off-beer licensed shop In Liverpool-road until the sth Of December.

GIVEN Altura-ER Casicca.—lsabella Chappell, 14, Eeswick- street, pleaded guilty to having been drunk and disorderly In Queen-street at a quarter to twelve on Saturday night.— The Chief Constable said dofenlant was up leas than a year ago, and was discharged and taken to a home. Mr. Taylor imformad him that she stated there about six months, and when she came out did well for a time. Me subsequently lost sight of her.—Mr. Hayward : Will she go back again ? Defendant prom's. d to go back for six months, and she was dismissed on that Condition.

NOT THE ORIGIN;L—TTMES 15{ACE.—.7antes Mace, des- cribed as a striker, 73, Tanners'-!ane, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Market-street on Sun day night.—Mr. Monks: It is not the celebrated James Mace. (Laughter.)—P.C. Baxeniale said ha found Mace lying across the footpath drunk.—The Chief Constable said defendant was a stranger. Ther3 were a number of such men in the town, who were employed at Winwick.--Alder- man Harrison : I am afraid tfie work at Winwick is not an unmixed blessing.—Defendant was fined Is. SERIOUS DAMAGE TO FENCING. —George Jaundrell,Edward Stokes, Robert Dutton, and William Dagnall, boys, ad living in Warburton-street. were summoned for doing wilfal dam- age to the extent of Is to a fence, the property of James Grace, in Winwick-road.—Hr. Buckton. who appeared to prosecute. said Mr. Grace's pottery in. Winwick-road was fenced in with wooden sleepers and timber. Directly a fence was made, however, It was pulled down by the boys of the neighbourhood. In this particular case the boys were making a bonfire of some of the fencing. Mr. Grace went out of his office and saw them. The land there, which belonged to Colonel Blaciourne, was used as a public recreation ground. If there was apu lie recreation ground the boys would not , be so tronblesome.—Mr. Monks : Is there any chance of the 1 landlord giving us a piece of land for a recreation ground ? Mr. Buckton : That is a matter for the Town Council, and If they go in for it they will be met as favourably as they have been in other matters so far as Colonel BlaCkburne is Con- cerned.—Council;or Grace said that on the date named he was informed of the damage being done, and he went to the place indicated. He saw the boy Dagnall superintending a fire, and the other boys bringing wood to him. As soon ie they saw him they ran away, but he followed and caught of their companions, from whom he cot the names of the ra. He had spent £lO in fencing this year, and it cost £l.O or £l5 every year. The parents of the boys did not seem to have the slightest control over them.—Further evid- ence was given by Mr. H. Beresford Afelville,estate agent for Colonel Ireland Blackburn°, the ground landlord of the dis- trict, who said that on another occasion he was near Mr. Grace's pottery and saw some boys making a bonfire of some timber 'rorn the fencte.—The Complainant said that the com- plaints from all parts of the town with respect to the dam- age to fencing done by boys were fearful.—The bench decided to inflict a penalty of Is upon each boy.

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. Garnett (In the chair), and Mr. Thmnas Blreball _ •

Ann Parry was 9 in Buttermarket- DRUNK AN DiSoRDERLY.—P-rs charged with being drunk and disorderi street on M nday afternoon.—P.O. Turner Said the defend- ant was drunk about a quarter to one o'clock, end using d language of an obscene nature. He gave her a chance i go. but had to take her into custody.— Defendant was fine t be and costs or seven days. Ellen Decay aCpeare tot th same offence in Winwlek-street on Monday night gvideno was given that the defendant was using obscene language Mr. Shiliceck of the Bay Horse Inn.—Mr Shllleock sot roborated the OfflMr's evidenee.—The bench tined defend= 55 and costs or seven days. «

===== 0002601_18981014_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FEMALE AILMENTS

Irregularities and ObstrucTions however obstinate quickly and surely relieved and removed in a few .oars, after all else fails, this remedy acts as raagie• Full particulars, testimonials and proofs will be sent on receipt of stamped envelope. Madam MAIITYN, 20. Bishopegate Without. London.

Established 313-y—ear-

WEDNESDAY—Before Mr. J Guides (In the chair), and Mr.

Thomas Birahail. A Woirrar.Ens FELLoW.—James Quigley, a young man about 26 years of ags, was charged with being thank and disorderly on Monday ; committing damage to a window of James Barlow, 47, Winwick-street, value 2s ; and with stealing a pair of men's trousers, vest, and a pair of boots. value 15s.—P.C. Metcalfe said aboat 7-43 on Monday night he saw a crowd opposite the shop window of Mr. James Barlow. Prisoner had wilfully broken it, and said he had done it to be locked up.—The Chief Constable said prisoner's father was a labourer, and resided at 25, Naylor- street. Prisoner was a great deal of trouble to his parents ; he would not work. On Monday prisoner's father and mother went out to work. On the Sunday previous prisoner's father had seen his Sunday clothing, but missed it when he returned from work on Monday. He gave information to the police, and when prisoner was arrested for the damage he was found to be wearing the b jots belonging to his father. The other articles he had pawned. the ticket being found upon Wm. Prisoner had been up before the court about 9 times in a very short time.—The bench sent him to prison for 3 months ; a month on each charge. A COMPLETE NUlSANCE.—Catherine McQuinn, of no fixed abode, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Market Place at about 20 minutes past twelve on Tuesday.— P.C. Turner said his attent ion was called to the woman. He advised her to go home. She wou'd not.—The Chief Con- stable said the defendant and 11,tr husband had been in the town about five weeks, and had been a comolete nuisance during that time. They were daily drunk in the street, following each other, and using the vilest language. Defendant was fined 5s and costs or setren days.

THUBSDA.T.—Before Aldermln Sutton (chairman), and Aide matt Fairclough. . _ .

TEMPORIRY AUTHIR:TY —John ::;naith WAR granted tem- porary authority to sell at the Old Crow Inn, Bridge-street, In lieu of John Atkinson Beans.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PErTY SESSIONS.

Mogns.Y.—Before Messrs. Henry Reynolds (in the chair) and James Handley, _

" A Row vs SToNassmia."—James Lavrrensoa, of Stone- hills, summoned Isaac Ben.sett. a neighbour, fJr using abusive and threatening language towards him 01 the 14th of October.—Defendant pleaded not guilty.—Complainant stated that he was sitting at the front of his premises on the 14th of October last, and was very muck annoyed by the defendant's little boy setting oft fireworks and throwing them Into his premises. He went to the buy and told him to desist or he would hear something more about It, The defendant then came up and Said never mind this wastrel' go on with your fireworks. Defend- ant then threatened to knock his " —head off."— Complainant called as a witness a worsen who resided neat door, who stated that it was Lawrenson and not Bennett that used the threatening language. After hearing a lot of conflicting evidence, the Bench decided that the abusive language had been used, and a fine of 2s 6d and lOs 6d costs, or 7 days was inflicted upon Bennett. OBSCENIC Lasiotranin. —Thomas Woodfield, 69, Grice's Square, Buncons, summoned for using obscene language on the 511) of October, in Wellington-street, was fined 2s 64 and Be 6d cosh', or 7 days in default. STONETHROW/NG.—Edward Roe, 15, and George Molyneux, 14, both of Weston. were summoned for throwing stones in Sniffy Row, Higher-Ruacorn, on Tuesday last,—P.O. Wylie proved the case.—The cases were dismissed on payment o costs 4s 6d each.

FOR ACHES AND PAINS RUB IN Elliman's For Rheumatism, Lumbago, Elliman's „ Sprains, Bruises, Fresh Elliman's Cuts, Elliman's „ Sore Throat from Cold, Elliman's „ Cold at the Chest,

Elliman's „ Neuralgia from Cold, Elliman's „ Chilblains before Broken, RUB IN ELLIMAN'S. RUB IN ELLIMAN'S.

Elliman's „ Corns when Painful, Elliman's „ Cramp, Stiffness, Elliman's „ Soreness of the Limbs Elliman's after Cycling, Football, Elliman's Rowing, 6:c. Bottles 80., Is. 25. 9d., 43. Prepared by Elliman. Sons& Co„Slough

THE ELLIMAN PAINTING BOOK. Nine Coloured Hunting Scenes. Nine Black and White Copies to Colour. Send Stamps value of Sixpence. Write your Address Plainly. Published by Elliman, Sons & Co., Slough.

BARNUM AND BAILEY'S SHOW. Although many had seen Bernurn and Bailey's "Greatest show on earth," previous to its visit to Warrington on Saturday, yet the vast majority had not. The visit of the show, resulted in a perfect exodus of visitors from the outlying country dis- tricts and small towns. The show began to arrive early in the morning and everything was fixed for the afternoon performance. A magnificient pro- cession paraded the principal streets in the t6wn about ten o'clock. A tremendous number of people visited the show at the two performances which were on an elaborate scale. Their perfect system of working and management,which is observable in the smallest details, must be credited with the fact that at the conclusion of each perfarraancs the large number of visitors were able to leave the show without any inconvenience. In a few hours after the evening performance, the visiting show- men; their mighty erection and all the innumer- able accessories to their business had departed—like nomads of the desert—on their visit to Chester which was their next place of call.

CADBURY'S COCOA has a world-we reputation as a dell eious, strengtkenlng beverage, na,ci a valuable nutritive food The "Lancet" says it represents " the standard of highs' purity.: Always insist on having CADBURY'S—soId only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are,often substituted for the sake of (Ler% probt.—Ada; (Z.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1898.

DERBY DAY AT WIDNE3_. RUNCORN NOT TO BE DESPISED.

When Widnes and Runc,rn meet each other in a foot- ball match,thera is bound to be an interesting and exalt- encounter,and last Saturday was no exception to the I rule. Itsse interest prevailed everywhere; and at the 1 commencement of hostilities there were fully 8,000 spec- tators present. Both clubs had the strongest teams they could get int, the field. But neither were fully repre- sented. In the some threequarter Martin, Brennan,and Nevitt were absent, and Harnpson (who was injured in the trial match at Warrington) did not turn out. Of the Runcorn team the onty change of any importance, from the team that has boon doing duty so far was Owen Hughes as c‘datre threequarters, and George Robinson at half. The weather was all -.hat could be desired. Heslop started for the hornesters,and at once the visi- tors pressed. Offside against Widnes, and a huge kick itY Houghton got the Runcora peck well up to the Wid- nes line,but nothing accrued. Houghton next stopped dribb!e by the home forwards. Douglas getting pos- session passed to Rispau but Rispan's pass to Taylor was intercepted, and again Jolley gained aa advan- tage for his side with is fine kick. Batey responded to the call upon his resources with some re- markable play, and go; deservedly applauded. Runcorn canoe again,and Farmer had a chance bet failed. Shortly atter, Beety was compelled t kick dead. A free kick to Widnes brought retief. but smart play by Runcorn once again taxed their defence. Mid-field scrimmaging was next the order, but a fine piece of passing between Murphy. Peacock and Reman almost ended in the fall of the Runcorn citadel. Jolley was iojured, and a cessa- den of Play took pace. Rispan next tried to get away with a dribbles but the bill ro'led into touch. Travis improved the Widnes position with good running, but Houghton relieved. From the kick-out Warder made !di mark; but Jalley's kick failed. Runcorn were now having the bast of matters. taoegh the display of the Widnesians was a trifle the smart m. Jolley,getting away once again,was almost over,when he fell and was injured a second time. Following this, hard lines were again experienced by Runcru.n. Taylor and Peters took the ball to hall way, but Runcorn came again and were proving dan;erous when half.tme wai announced, with no Sc

Recommencing, Farmer kicked off, and Ratev retur- ned, Runcorn beaks passed r Aber smartly,but Douglas relieved before snythi rig like danger was experienced. Farmer and Bettley did some excellent dribbling. Pea- cock sayei. Then followed some excellent passing started by Murp'w. Nothing resulted. Later a mis- judgment by aouzhton It Taylor in, who passed to Peacock, and that player sailed in and scored a fine try Bite, landed the goal from an easy position. An in- teresting spell of play ensued, and Houghton put in a fine run. Farmer fed Warder, but Warder did not get away smartly enough ; still, he came within an ace of dropping a gra% Gayter and Warder tried another break away, but got collared. Peacock kicked back, and rtnighton failing to field the ball,Donglas got away. Jolley went tor him, but stumbling, fell upon Douglas' heels injuring himself for a third time ; meanwhile Douglas scored a try. Batey improved. The game pro- gressed when Jollly recovere I, but nothing further re- sulted : Final :—Widnes 2 goals, 2 teiea, 0.0 p Runcorn, pi. ST. HELENS v. ROC',HDALE HORNETS.

----- At St. Helena on n.turclay. When the teams faced each other the Hornets looked the more stalwart lot,and as the "Saints" for some extraordinary reason gave them the advantage of a strong wind in the first half they threatened to pile up a score before she interval. House should have drooped a goal, but didn't, anti the next moment saw Briers make a long run down the cen- tn. His pasi was badly mulled, and Wightman, with a long kick, sent the ball to within a few inches of the " Saints' " line. There was an exciting sprin% and th 3 Hornets' wing man got there first, but, in trying to pick up, missed the bail and a certain try. At lest a touch kick It the ball drop amongst a crowd of players, and Hardaker b;ing discivered in possession,the Hornets had ot;ene I the scoring. There should have been a goal, too. but W. Riggs' kick landed it on the cross-bar, and it ta9bb d back into Vay. The" Salute" wakened up a bit, and there was some passing all along the line and a screw scrosa the goal. Traynor kicked in and scored at the Corner, It seemed an impossibility to get a goal The the wind, but a long, raking shot did the trick. pie value of the bresze was quickly demonstrated when ends were changed. The Hornets Royer One seemed to get a firm tinting in the St. Helens half, and were found plenty of defensive work to do. Briers made a start af then Traynor:er some pretty pass', g in front of go 4 Provided an opening which W. Rig's fumbling transformed into a perfect gift for Winstanley. rraynor got cleverly away from centre, despite the close attentiod of Davies. ena then 'a series of exchanges between ths backs and forwards ended in Thompson crossing the Rochdale line. This ended the try-getting, and as Traynor ha d obliged with a goal on each occa- sion, and just by way ot variety had sandwiched another .from a penalty kick, the final score looked quite impos- ing trona a 5.% Helens paint of view—St. Helens, five goals four tries (21 points) ; Rochdale Hornets, one try.

SWINfON y. SALFORD. A crowd of 20,000 witneseed thia match a: Swinton, a keen struggle re3ulting in as win for Swinton—for whom Valentine kicked a penalty goal—by two points to nll.

WIGAN V. STOCKPORT. The home fifteen won this inat-M at Wigan by five CO Gs and three tries to one gold and two tries. Crossley, Wors'ey, Pearson, aril Winstanley played prominently.

LEIGH V. TYLDESLEY. In VII; match at Letgh the home players gained an easy victory over their opponents by t ire goals and

TO MonlEßS.—lir. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup has been for over fitly years by millions of mothers for their chil- dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. ft is pleasant to taste it pro. duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving tlaa child from pain und the little cherub awakes •• as bright as a button." Of al chemists is. lfd. per bottle.—eldvt.

four tries (eighteen points to nil. T. Coleman, Molyneux Dunbavin, and Davies were the scorers. OLDHAM v. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

Broughton returned home from Oldham the winners of a well-cmtested game by one goal and two tries to one try. Williams scored for Oldham,and Duck, Chap- man, and Jackson for the Rangers.

YORKSHIRE SENIOR COMPETITION.

HOLBECK V. BRAMLEY.

This match at Holbnk resulted ia a very easy win for the home fifteen by two goals three tries to nil. HUDDERSFIELD V. HALIFAX.

Huddersfield. at home, inflicted a severe defeat on Halifax, easily beating them by four goals three tries to one try. Langham,Jones,Sinith,Chambers, and Pearson were prominent for their sides. HULL v. MANNINGHAM.

A one-sided game at Bull resulted in the big score of three goals and five tries to one goal one try in favor of the home club, who were superior all round.

IiRADFORD_T.'WAKEFIELD:

Bradford entertained Wakefield, and defeated their visitors by one goal and three tries to one try. Murga- troyd, Calvert. and Cooper, obtained the tries for the winners, and Bingswell got the loser's try. LEEDS v. HUNSLET.

Hunslet vitited Leeds and gained a victory by three goals and one try to one gaol. A. Goldthorpe kicked three goals, and Hannah added the other points for the winners, S. Walker scoring for Leeds. LEEDS PARISH CHURCH v. BRIGHOUSE RANGERS. At Leeds, where thia match was decided, the home players showed superiority, and won by one goal three tries to one try. Koieht, Lewis, and Nichols for Leeds and Hartley for Brighouge were the scorrn. HECKMONDWIKE v. LIVERSEDGE.

In this game at Heckmondwike the home club dis- played the better form, and won by two gcals and three tries to one goal and one try. Butterworth, Holt, and Squires gained the tries for the winners. CASTLEFORD v. BATLEY. At half time nothing definite had been accomplished, at Oastleford. Afterwards Davies gained a brilliant try for Batley, who ultimately won by three points to nil.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
AUTUMN MEDIICIINEO

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

FRODS9AM v. CHESTER CASUALS.

Before a smaa gate at Frodiham, last Saturday, the above teams met in a Chester and District Junior League match. Wrexham scored for the Casuals with rather a lucky effort. Just before half time, from a bullie in the Chester goals Frodsham equalised, and at half-time the score was one goal each.—From the recom- mencement of the second half it was at once evident that Frodtham was the superior team, but, try as they would their forwar3s could not get anything like proper form on ; and the Casuals braking away suddenly neistered a second goal.--Tno final result was :—Chaster Casuals, 2 goals ; Frodsham, 1 goal.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN ATELIEFR3 v. HELSBY.

On Saturday last,Runcorn Athletic entertained Helsby at Runcorn,on the Canal-street ground. The following players represented the Athletic :—Goal,Stanwßaoy; ofociul: backs. Walker and Hulse ; half backs, Worthington, Wtoorthpinlag pwcteona, DBurrowsuin 1 3ait aanndd mßell e;a df o. r wnaerids bs ,y Lunt, Hilton, represent itive team in the field. Hopwood kicked off, and the home forwards soon found themselves pepper- ing the visitors' custodian. After a determined struggle in front of the Helsby goal Lunt scored the first goal for the Athletic. Restarting, the home forwards again took up the attack but erratic shooting spoiled their efforts. Midfield play ensued for a considerable time. The home forwards again broke away, and Lunt securing in a good position made no mistake in registering a second goal for t'ne Athletics, half time arriving with the score : Runcorn 2 goals, He's'oy nil. The opening stages of the second half were in favour of the home team, who were sending shots in from all positions, but they could not get the ball through the covered Nets. The Helshy for- wards plu.ked up, and play was hotly contested in the Runcorn quaiters. Bad shooting, however, Nulled their efforts. The Athletics again vigorously attacked the visitors' goal, Lunt putting the ball through from a scramble in front of goal and thereby registering a third goal. Final result : Runcorn, 3 goals; Helsby, 0.

EARLESTOWN v. BAMFURLONG. LANCASEURE JUNIOR CUP.

Earlestown met Bamforlong in the second round of the qutlifying stage in the Lancashire Junior cup com- petition at Etrlestown on Saturday. There was a fair number of spectators present, and the liveliest interest was taken in the game. Earlestown choose to defend the bottom goal, and had consequently to play up hill. Bamfurlong kicked off, hut their territory was at once invaded and after a few minutes play Hampson scored for the home team with a splendid f crow shot, which it was impossible for the Banifuriong custodian to save. The visitors went away from the kick off,and after some midfield exchanges they were enabled to beat Chew, scoring their first point in the game. Eldest° wn put on a spell of proFsure, and the 'Bamfurlon; de'ence wa beaten,"Cap" Le scoring the sedond point for the homes side,from a scrimmage in front of god. A few minutes afcerwards, by means of some neat passing Leach added a third goal to the score. Hovering round the Barn- furlong goal, a corner was ob`nme I, which Flampson , beautifully placed, and " Cap" Lee finished the trick by heading through. From the kick off the ball was smartly worked up the fietd, and after some clever passing in front of the goal, Lee notched another Point for the home side. Half time arrived with the score Earlestown 5 nam'urlong 1. Oa changing ends, Earlestown appeared to take matters easy, and in consequence the Bamfurlong players were a hle to make severs! incursions in the home territory, and Chew had several dangerous shots to clear. Earlestown roused themselver and in quick succession had another couple of points. Bamfuriong at last found an opening. and Chew was beaten by a low oblique shot. No other point was obtained by either side and the game ended ia favour of Earlestown by 7 goals to 2. NEWTON ATHLETIC v. ORFORD BARRACKS.

At Warrington, the athletics who are proving them- selves a capital lot won by 7 goals to 2, fairly runninz round the soldiers. This was a Warrington League match. NEW PON RESERVE v. WARRINGTON TRINITY. Played at Nursery Park, Newton and resulted in a win for the reserve after a good giVll9 by 2 goals to 1. LIVERPOOL (" A ") v, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. LIVE RPOOL COMBINATION. This match was played at Fairfield on Saturday in ideal football weather. The homesters were up to full strength, bat the visitors were short of Roulton, and W. Houghton. The first half was very evenly contested but the Liverpool men were more effect c-is in front, and led at half time by 2 goals to nil. The second half was very exciting, the Newton forwards play ng well, and after repeated hard lines Hill scored a good goal. The same player directly after put on a n equalizer and crowned his previous efforts by gaining the lead directly after. However, by a superhuman effort We "A "learn managed to get on level tern:l9, and a good game ended in a draw of three goals each which is a good perform- ance for Newton, arrttrs " A" teens have -beef carrying all bef ors them up to Saturday.

1.0.G.T. No. 1 CONVENTION, SOUTH-WEST LANCASHIRE. The monthly meeting of the above was held in Barrack-yard Mission, Market-street, Hindley, on Saturda3. Representatives were present from different parts of the area. Brother J. Taylor,C.C.T. (Earlestown) opened the proceedings at 3-45 p.m. The various sub-committees having been appointed, the report of the secretary was read by Brother Williams (Leigh), showing the lodges to be in fairly good condition, and urging the lodges to be more fraternal in their visits to One another. The reports of the Executive Committee showed that arrangements were being made to open anew lodge at Golborne. Visits had been made by the Commit- tee to Warrington and Tyldesley. It was decided to hold the next meeting at Wigan, under the aus- pices of the "Nil Desperandum" Lodge. The Con- vention resolved that a letter of sympathy be sent to Bro. Eccles, P.G. Treasurer, on the death of his wife, Sister Eccles, P.G.V.T. Sister Firth (Leigh) very feelingly took leave of the Convention on her leaving the district for North-East Lancashire. The C.C.T. suitably replied on behalf of the Convention, and wished her God-speed and success in her new sphere of labour. Brother Francis (St. Helens) proffered his twvices with a lime-li2ht lantern to the various lodges in the area. The Secretary, Bro. Lodge (Ashton), contributed a paper on " The history and mystery of ardent spirits." The thanks of the Convention were given to him for the paper, and to the Hindley members for the arrangements made for the session. Atter tea a public entertain- ment was held in the Wesleyan Schools. Brother Vint, Ashton, presided, and songs, &c., were given by various members.

RARE FINCH & ENGLISH WORKS

Curios, Facetice, Illustrations, Bcc. VERY VALUABLE PRIVATE COLLECTION. CATALOGUE Ii• POSTAGE zicl,

H. BOUVIER, 44, Rue St. George's, X PARIS.

"Since

her cough

gained flesh."

taking Scott's Emulsion

has gone, and she has

OUR GAINLESS SAFETE IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE.

lievo and cure local inflammation of throat and lungs. an& also to go down deeper and attack male* dies of this nature at tbeir source! For it meal never be forgotten that a strong system will resilt disease, as well as a weak system invites it. Scott's Emulsion comprises cod-liver oil, glycerine and hypophosphites. Each of these remedies is unie versally recognised by the medical profession. The glycerine assists in the absorption of the oil, and the bypophosphites aids digestion, feeds the nervee, nourishes the bones, and sustains the brain. Scott'e Emulsion does more than merely relieve a cough. cold, or bronchitis. It enriches the blood, increaseo materially the system's energy,promotes the making of healthy flesh, and brings a better condition of health to the entire system. One of the most advantageous things abaut Scott'S Emulsion is its perfectly emulsified form, ensuring its easy digestion, and in addition t) this Scottl Emulsion is sweet to the taste, and therefore pleae• ant to take. Scott's Emulsion is unquestionably the only per. fact emulsion of cod-liver oil in the world,and is the test form in which to take this oil. You can obtain Scott's Emulsion of any chemist. You can obtain a sample of Scott's Emulsion bf sending threepence to cover postage to Scott and Browne, Limited,Manufacturing Chemists, 95,Greet Saffron Hill, London, E.G., and mentioning W. paper.

SIIND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. OUR 1898 PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BRAVO.. both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED.

CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish bl3l/ purchase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Alal‘eril of the Highest Reputation.

LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE CO., LTD.' 691 BOLD STREET, LIVERyo 0 L.

W&RRINGION FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIX LIMES.

POINTS. FOR AGST 3 3

ePt. —Swinton, b 10—Oldham. h 0 9 17—St. Helens, h 3 0 24—Widnes, a %. 1— Salford, a 12 0

B—MorecaMbe, h

15—Barrow, h 22—Rochdale H., a

s—Tyldeely h 210v.110m, a _ _ _

12—Broughton R., h

_ 19—Oldham. a 26—Morecambe a bee. 13—B irrow, a . 10—Wigan, h

17—Sto-ckp"ort, h 24—BIrkenheacl W., h 26—Runcorn, h 31—Swinton, a 2

/an.

7—Wigan, 14—Leigh. h 21—Tyldesley, a 28—Stockport, a Feb. 14—Leigh, a 11—Salt h 18—St. Helens, a 25—Broughton It a Mar, s—Rochdnle H., h 11—Widnes, h

13—Barrow; a 25—Cup Tie h Apr. 11—Cup Tie 3—Runcorn , a K Rovers, h 15—Birkenhead W., a

RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB

===== 0002601_18981014_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTB ALL.

HOW TO GET A BILLIARD TABLE FOR lac 6d.— GEORGE G. BUSSEY & CO., of 36 and 33, Queen Victoria street, London, mike an ingenious set ef arrange- ments whereby a good game of Billiards can be played on an ordinary dining table. The fittings are easily fixed, and do no damage to the table. The price includes everything required to play the game. Ask the local Sports Dealer for descriptive pamphlet.— Advt. (4)

===== 0002601_18981014_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR. COMPETITION. WARRINGTON ;T.-MORECAMBE,

AN EASY WIN FOR TEIE HOSIE3TERS.

Warrington, though by no means a strong team had inferirr opponents on Saturday, when Moremmbe, the possessors of the " wooden spoon," were visitors to the Wilderspool enclosure. They were without the service of Altharn, their smartest back, while Warrington were short of Barber, who had been selected to play, but had bOn forbidden to turn out log his tnodical adviser. He will be absent for the rest of the season, ant his loss is a great one to Warrington. Ho!croft took the place ren- dered vacant by Barber's absence. Once more the best of weather favoured the devotees of football, and not- withstanding the counter attraction of the "great•st show on errth" in the next firli there was an attendance of about 2,0)0 spestators. Mr. F. Bennedy.of Brotrshton had the tams under his control, and their csmposition was as follows :

Warrington: Hallam, full back; Moores, Cross,Duek- worth, and Efolorofc, threequarters ; J r Bate and Ashurst, half-backs ; Taylor, Deakin, Fairhurst, Eden, Mason, Boardman, Hattoe. And Sudlow, forwards. M.recambe : Elkin, full back ; Airton, El Hadwen, Wilson,and Longmire, threequarters; Blacow, and Jack- son, half-hacks; G Hadwen, Jackson, Edmonson, Bell, Graham, Gowanlock, Camphell,and A Wilson, forwards. Morecambe started and play was of a poor order to commence with. Smack Bate was soon away from the scrimmage, and pas,ei to Ashurst who knocked the ball forwar I. Thea Jackson and Blacow retaliated, but showed a poor knowledge of passing and the ball want wide instead of to Wilson. Morecambe kept in the home half for some time though their effoi t 3 were not particu- larly d.ffioult to cope with. At last Warriegton roused up a little and clever passing by Bat', Ashur it, and Moores gained a lot of ground. Elkin was a fault and allowed himself to be tacked by ' Ashurst, Warriegton pressing. Bate and Cross tried to break through, but found the defence strong. Good punting by Elkin and H. Hadwen seat Warrington back to centre, and aided by strong forward play the visit us again approached the Warrington line. Their stay was brief however. Efolcroft punted the ball clear, and Duckworth securing passed well to Moores who sent the ball to the Morecambe line. Elkin and Bad wen returned to Hallam, who responded finely, and putting Eden on side. the Morecambe line had a narrow escape. Bate threw from the scrummage, and the next moment Holcreft was seen t 3 be speeding down the field with the tall. He creased the visitors' line when the whistle sounded, and disappaintment was in store for the would-be scorer. Astrurst gave flo!cro`t another opening and the wing man did hii 133 A to break through, hut was shoved in touch by Elkin. Moores made a dash at the ounnsite corner only to find Airton reads for him. At this stage a scare seemed certain, the home team keeping their opponents contirmary on the defsnce. Longmira was forced to punt dead to save, and a five yards scrimmage followed Jackson got off-alas an -I was penalised, Mason leading the first goal of the season either for or against Warring- ton. On re-starting Morecambe made another effort to get through the home defence. Blacow rounded the pack and got clear with Airton in :attendance, but gave his companion a shocking pass and a rood openidg was wasted. Cross distinguished himself with a brilliant run, down the field but something was wrong with his final transfer tolls ta. Moores made a couple of attempts to drop a goal, and at half time Warrington were two points ahead. Taylor re-commenced hostilities and Warrington were I soon attacklng in response ro the cries of their suppor- ters to" buck up." A quick movement between Cross, Duckworth and Holcrott ended in the latter being pushed in touch at the corner, and Duckworth scrambl- ing over, but all to no purpose. A free kink to More- camhe gave them temporary relief, but the Warrington backs were soon back again. Holcroft was again pushed in touch at the cornsr and the score seemed as far off as ever. Moores intercepted a pass and made a lengtay run but Wig overtaken by Blacow when near the line. At last the fetes of Bate. Ashurst and flolcroft were rewarded, for the wing•mao got in at the corner as the result of some well-judged exchanges. Th place-kick was a difficult one,bot Mason succeeded in placing a second goal amid rousing cheers. E kin now went- thrrequarter, and H. Had wen full back, and for a time Morerame held their own. They could make no headway however, and Warrington finally Pennori thorn in thoir own hslf. Moores was hurt and had to ret ire.F.iihurst taking his place. The latter got a nice °Denim and ran to the line, whete he punted past E'kin, but could not reach the ball again before Hadwen sent dead. Play followed in the corntr and B•ts dodged over, but his try was negatived by the touch-judge amii tips hontings of the crowd at Shot side. Hadvrea w4s tacklsd under his pee's, and just hefer, time, Bate outwitted his opponents and scored a clever try in good position. Mason kicked anoter goal, ar.d Warrinvton ty cur, d the verdict by 3 goats, 2 tries (12 points), to Morecambe oil.

BIRDS, ANIMALS AND 6TUFFED, AND mounted in Glass Cases any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted, also for sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Heals in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass !andel. Stags' Heads. Cabinets. Store Boxes, Nets and all Requisites for Butterfly and Bgg Collectors,—B. COOKE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, lieushavr - street, Liverpool Established 24 years.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
AINNIL.' MA

Here is another case of a sufferer from bronchitis and a nasty cough. This time it is a little girl atolt eight years old, and if yeti will read her mother's letter you will see the same familiar story,—therest• less nights, the wasting of flesh and strength, and the fear of consumption. Mrs. May writes : "104, Vicarage Road, Plumstead, Kent, - -

"May 24th, 1898. "Dear Sirs,—l am writing to thank you for the good Scott's Emulsion has done for my little girl, eight years old. Ever since a baby she has been a sufferer from bronchitis and a nasty cough ,especially in the winter. For nights she had no rest tram it. She has been under various treatments, but none of them has done for her what Scott's Emulsion has. Since taking Scott's Emulsion, her cough has gone and she has gained flesh. Her cough was so had that she got very thin, and we thought the was going into Consumption but thanks to Scott's Emulsion I am pleased to say she is getting on nicely now, and at any time when I find her getting a cough again I shall cer- tainly give her Scott's Emulsion. I recommend it to my friends as the best preparation for weak chests, bronchitis and rickets. Again thankine you for the good Scott's Emulsion has done my child. I am, yours truly, (signed) Rose MAY." What a blessing it is to have such a com- bination of standard remedial agcnts to re-

ORFORD LANE FLINT GLASS WORKS,

WARRINGTON. IMPORTANT NOTICE.

The LAND and BUILDING; of ithee Works being now ON SALE, the Proprietors have decided to Dispose of their present STOCK of 111€111 CLASS CUT AND

MOULDED TABLE GLASS

to the General :Public Privately, on their premises as above, at VERY GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. The goods can be purchased daily lsetween 9 am, and 5 p.m. On Saturdays until 1 p,m. August, 1898.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES.

POINTS. FOR AGST

Bept. ..3--,Wigan,a 4 3

oet.

lo Ii 24—Oldham, a 3 27 I—Leigh, h B—Wines, a 15—Cheshire v Lancashire,

22-17y—lcie—siey, a 29—Cheshire v Yorkshire, NOV. _s—Morecambe, h

12—Salford, a _ . _

N—Cheshire v Cumberland, 26—Broughton R., h Dec 13_ 10—Swinton, h 17—Rochdale H., h 2„4—Broughton R., a 46—Warrington, a 31—Tylde-ley' h J'an. 2—St, Helens, a 7—Swinton, a 14—Wigan, h 21—Stockport, h 28—Letgh. a Feb. 4—St h 11—Morecambe, a 18—Widnes. h 25—Rochdale H., a liar. 14 —0 Idha m, h

11—Stoc!iport, a &Pr. 3—Warrington, h

===== 0002601_18981014_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES.

POINTS. FOR AGST 13e9t. 3—St. Helens, h ........................... 6 0 o—Wigan, a .................................... 10 2 17—Morecambe, a it, - Warring ton, h -"*". I—Tyldesley, a 8......4 §—Runcorn, h

- smeashire v Cheshire,

nn- h n. 49—Rochda1e H., a 21"' • v Yorkshire, iz—Swinton, a 19-Balford, h 26—St. Helens, a Dec. 3—Lancaihlre v Cumberland, 10—Oldham, a 17—Mo.ecambe, h 24—Rochdale H., h 26--

31—Leigh, a aft. 2_

f—Stockport, a 14—Stockport' h 21—Salford, a 28—Broughton , Feb. 4—Tvldesley, h a 11—Wigan, h 18—Runcorn, a 25—Oldham, b Btu. 4—Broughton R., h 11—Warrington, a 413 r. 3—Swinton, h

===== 0002601_18981014_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES.

POINTS. FOR AGST

..„.. --. 43ePt. I—Salford (friendly), a 3—Widnes, a 10—Broughton H., h 17—Warr1ngton, a 24—Morecambe, a °CC I—Oldham, h l5 9 B—Rochdale 11., h 22 3 15—Lancaster, a 22—Swinton, a

- , 29 —Wigan, a 1611. 6 Leigh, h 12—Wigan, h 19—Leigh, a 26—Widnes, h ""10. _3—Birkenhead W , h

... .....---- . ~ - 10—BrOlightOn it.• R 17-

24—Salford, a 26—Tyldeeley, h "a• 2—Runcorn, h 7—Salford, h Vl—Swinton, h 21—Birkenhead W., a 28-01dham, a b 4—Runcorn, a 11—Tyldesley, a 12—Warrington, h

, 2.5 ar• 4—Stockport, a 11—Rochdale H., a 411 31—Stockport, h r• 3—Law aster, h B—Morecambe, h

TO-DAY'S MATCHES. Irnavreshire v Lancashire Tiarrington v Barrow 7,.11111 V Wigan n,.._"""mbidale Hornets v Broughton Bangers ',Moseley v Morecambe

(1 r4e 14 'LDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD, ti T u Single Sheet sft. Sin. by 3ft. 91n. Lh 11.101.11 L•IIa H 8 T IN THE DISTRICT. ....OM** ST}aß FLA.DARD may be foamed by joining a 44.934 Of the ~ LEVIATHAN " SHEETS. 14)114Q±-1 Po I 'LBS. A sPEOIALITY POTTERS. LAHOE TYPE rt,kmAtril PO•.i.'e KS. FOR 441041214. PPSTBRS. THE MOST STRIKING k.,lti,fi•Os PE nS. POSTER 'AZSicii,'t POSUCRS. Produced in the County -ir -11 POSTERS. e.., Ottx WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER " OFEICE,

===== 0002601_18981014_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

OCTOBER

===== 0002601_18981014_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM WARRINGTON

Acton Bridge--/ 10,7 30 8 12,10 20, 1 5,2 55, 520, 50, 720, Sundayb 1011 a.m. Altoar and Hillhouse-7 12 8 31, 1 14. a 3 19. a 4 ,a 7 . Sundays 936, 2 5,9 3. a Stops if reguirea. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 3 0.83 23, 7 10,7 35, 980. 10 40, 120, 1 50. 2 35,320, 5 20. 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 0.10 15, 4 5 11 35, aMoudays excepted. b Mondays only, Birmingham (Midland)-6 6. 9 59, 11 58, 12 55, 3 20, 50 6 55.11 52. Sundays 11 45. 4 25, 515 p.m Blackburn -529.5 45, 835. 955, 11 41, 1 15, 2 40, 6 48, 850 Sundays 843.60. Blackpool-5 29, 545, 8 35, 956. 11 0,12 25,1 15,2 40,3 50 4 51, 6 48, 7 17, 8 50, 9 40. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 60. Bolton-5 45,8 6,10 20, 12 14.1 15,3 30,3 35,4 26, 6 53,7 17 920, Sundays 8 43 a.m.' 5 15, 8 28, p.m. Carlisle-2 35 a in, 7 47,9 55.11 40.12 25,2 15, 348 6 48. Sun- days 237, 335. Chester-7 31,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 47,12 25, 1 18.1 40,2 10,3 13 4 22,6 11,6 4. 7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 10 36,7 45,11 32. Collins Green-7 5. 8 10, 9 25, 10 10, 12 7, 1 15,3 35, 5 20, 6 58,7 8, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a2 58, b 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 950, 10 20, 11 35,12 0, 15, 1 60, 5 3, 520, 6 22,7 29,7 56,11 35. Sundays 253.10 15, 4 5,11 35. aMondays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 37, 9 5, 12 30, 2 10, 3 15, 5 11.8 4, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 844, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 1, 846. 958, 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 411, 50, 6 05, 11 52. Sundays 515 p.m. Rarlestow n-7 5,8 35,9 25,10 13, 12 7, 12 25, 1 15, 3 35,5 10, 6 68, 7 8,9 25,10 30.Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.m. 4 56,6 0,9 54 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry 3s Penketh-7 38, 8 15, 9 40, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 8-0, 948. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. Frodsham-7 37, 9 5. 1023, 1230, 210. 3 15, 422, 5 11, 6 4 7 44,10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12. 757. 831. 95.12 0 18, 2 15, 40. 70, 80, 89 40, 210 20, 11 39 Sundays 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. 6Saturday excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 5 29, 9 56, 11 41, 12 25, 2 40, o 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.m. Golborne-5 45, 7 5,8 35, 925, 12 25, 1 15,3 50, 5 20, 7 17, 9 55. Sundays 843.60. Hough Green-7 12, 787. 831, 95. a 9 30, 120, 18, 215. 40. 60, 70, 80, b 9 40, alo 25, Sunday 90, 936 11 25, 239, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 u, 755, 82,7 0, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 15, 5 15. 9 35. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22, 80,90, 9 58 10 49, 12 36, 114. a 222, 3 38. 4 11.5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 927 Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 812. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L• A N.:W.)--3 sa, 5 32. 75, 8 10, 835 11 0, 127, 1225, 115,_ 520,78, 1030. Sundays 35, 510 530. 835, 843, 325. 4 56, 60, 9 04. From High Level Plat form. aMondaYs excepted. Liverpool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 8 15, 10 9 1153, 155. 320,5 20, 6 17,80, 948. Sundays 848, 2 40, 750 Liverpool (Cheshire Lin.es)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95, 1024, 120,13,18,215,40. 6 18. 70,8 0, 89 4J 10 25 1046. 11 39 Sundays 9 3,9 55.1125,2 39,7 10, 9 18.10 18,10 33, cSaturdays only, a Except bMonday except Saturdays. London tL..4r N. W.)-2 586, a 3 23, 710, 950, 0 20, 11 35 120.1 50, 5 3,5 20,622,11 34. uncltys 2 58,10 15, 45, 11 35, London (Midland)-6 1, 846. 958, 12 55, i 1,6 55, 11 52, aMondays excepted. bllondays only. _ Sundays 9 37 am.. 5 15 p.m. Lymm-6 20. 7 22, 80, 90, 9 58, 10 49, 1 14, a 2 22 3 38, 4 11. 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45. 927. Sundays 850, 38 8 12. aSatuidaYs 011137 a 2 50, 83 10, 84 45,5 45. 7 5. 8 10 315 ch 82. s3ses, t 9erl9(, 1040. 1"1N.-1W2 24, 1 15,2 20. 3 32, 4 20. 6 20. 615 an 60,7 17,8 g 9 20,10 30. Sundays 3 10.5 15,7 40,8 43 a.m.,5 0 7 47, 828.• From High Level Platiorm. aMondays only Mondays excepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-56 20 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55. 10 46, 1 11, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. Sundays 846, 3 5, 8 10, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 2,8 55, 92, 9 55, 10 55, 11 23,11 55, 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55, 5 65, 6 55, IC. 785, 812, 855,915, 955, Sundays 937, 35, 318 g 16, 7 18, 8 55, 9 25, 9 35, 10 0. Ntiddlewich-7 30, 10 20. 2 258, 5 358,7 20.bSaturdays only. Moore-7 30,10 20,1 64, 2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 50a,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,750, 8 10 8 35, 9 19,10 20,10 40.10 55,12 14,12 25,j15,3 30,3 48,4 21,520. 653 7 17,9 20.9 50,10 30. Sundays 3 10.7 40,8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 80. 6 0, 7 47,9 54. aMondays only, cAlondays excepted, Padgate-7 0, 7 55,8 2,8 40.10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20,1 44.2 40. 3 55.5 28,7 0, 8 12, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 14, 3 47, 515 9 35, Prestoh-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 0, 11 12, 12 25, 40, 348. 444, 648, 7 17, 847, 9 40.a9 50. 5 undays,2 37, 8 43, 335. 6 0 954. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38.8 lb, 9 45, 11 63, 1 55, 3 20, 5 20, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 12, 756, 9 5, 105, 11 5, 120, 1 5, 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60, 70.80. a 930, 810 20, 1046. Sun- days 9 0.11 25. 2 39, 9 3,9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- days only. cMondays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -846, 1055, 1265, 155, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m, 6 15, St.Helens-5 32, 75,8 10,8 35,10 0,10 65,12 7,12 25,115.3 35, 6 20, 6 20,7 8, 9 25, 1030. Sundays 835, 8 43, 60.9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 10, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 114, 319, 4 0,5 6, 60,7 9, 9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 93, aSatur- days only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 22,3 38, 4 11,5 18, 613. 7 8,07 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 812. a Sat- urdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-7 56, 95 115, 11 0, 120, 15, 2 10, 2 58, 40, 6 29, 60,70, 80, 9 40, as 40, blO 20. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays Widnes ( L. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 15, 9 45, 109, 1153, 1 55, 320, 540,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 8 48, 40, 7 50. Wigan-2 37, 529, 5 45, 7 10,8 3a, 956. 10 55,11 40, 12 25, 615 2 40, 3 48, 4 44. 5 20. 6 40, 7 17,8 47,9 40,9 55. Sunday, 231. 8 46. 3 35. 6 0. 9 54.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 35. 8 52, 11 43, 3 23, 4 45, (20. 820 1 Sundays 753, 4 32. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18, 8 24, 954. Sundays 9 20,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 720, 9 5, 11 35, 2 5 340, 5 50,1 25,11 42. Sundays 3 10,12 45,7 10, 11 42. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50, 11 48, 1 25, 2 55, 540 645. 610 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 11 19. 613x- apt Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 25,1 55,3 47, 5 27,6 35, 750, Sun days,B 0, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7, i 8 3,8 45, 955, 1035, 11 40, 12 35 2 23,3 15,3 37, 4 5,5 15,70, 8 35,10 o.Sundays 7 25,1 35, 5 15, 7 30. Blackpool (Central) -65, 725, 755, 825, 8 55, 10J 20 1125,1 5,2 10,2 55,4 10,6 15. 8 15,1010 Sundays 7 10,1 15, §0 840. Bolton-5 45,8 0,8 40,9 40,10 35.11 16,12 15,2 20, 4 15,5 10, 656. 8 30,10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 615, 925 p.m. aSatur - days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40, 840. 10,2 5, 422, 5 15, 730, Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 4 30, 8 41. 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a, 7 LO, 845, 9 40, 10 12,11 5,11 40, 1 25, 2 10, 228, 3 0,3 56.4 55.5 5,6 35.7 35, 8 5, 835. Sundays 232. 436, 6 30, 8 4) a,m 6 55, 7 47, 80,. p.m. ablondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39,7 16,8 42.109, 11 28,12 38,1 4,1 43, 2 5 3 5,4 6. 5 38, 6 23,7 47, 9 16, 1046. Sundays 8 10. a.m., 715. trewe-2 1. 455, 6 0,6 30, 813.0 20, 11 6, 11 10, 2 5, 2 45, 415, 65, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 7 10, 246, 40 9 20. Daresbury-8 16, 10 17, 11 43. 2 47, 5 48, 8 47. Sundays 7 21, a.m. 7 37 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15, 935. 107, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 8 5, al2 35,3 53,3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 665, ;3 35. alixcept Mondays. Barlestown-6 51. 846. 932, 11 3. 12 51. 552. 5 38, 530, 733, 83, 9 16, 11 52, al2 0, Sundays 834, 952. 95, 724. aSaturdays only. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95. 9 43, 12 24, 29, 327, 5 7,6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays Ba. 257, 62. Frodham-7 55. 9 0, 102, 1127, 232.47, 6 27, 6 58, co 3 Sundays 9.a.m. 7 18 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 32, 80, 90, 9 60, 10 40, 10 48 120, 1256. 211, 32, 420. 4 56, 59, 556. 6 57, 124 '93. Sundays 8 23, 9 10. 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 106, 20, 655. Sundays 6 50, 95, Mondays excepted. Golborne-6 44, 826. 10 12, 12 28.2 41, 441, 5 30,7 15. 99, 1047. Sundays 9 40, 75. Hough Green-7 45, 815, 99,10 3, 1055, 19, 150, 222 316, 523, 67. 7 11, 7 38, 9 18. Sundays 837, 920. 326, 3 45,4 45,9 4 910. Irlam aadCadishead (Central)-7 39, 9 53, 55, 8 50, 11 20 undays 10 59. 6 53, 8 43. 10 0. Latchiord-7 52. 840. 9 34, 10 2, 11 17, 120. al 45, 2 13 30, 4 22, 6641. 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 823 E 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. 58aturdays excepted. Liverpool(via Barlestown)-1 0 a 2 35,6 0,7 50,8 0,9 25,11 50 16. 130, 3 20, 4 25, 4 50. t 35.7 5, 8 25,10 5.11 15,. Sundays 0 7 30,9 20, 630.8 40 Mondays only. Via Widnes 6 25, 8 20, 9 5, 9 50, 12 30, 1 25, 2 40, 3 35, 420 520. 65. 830, 10 45. Sundays 7 35. 2 10, 715, 1046. Liverpool (Central)-5 30. 630, 710 7 40, 833. 9 38, 10 20, 10 33, 11 50, 12 35, 1 55, 2 33. 4 40, 4 50, 5 36, 6 35a 75, 80, 840, alo 45. 611 0. Sundays 80. 90, 2 30. 2 50;4 20, 630, 8 33, aSaturdays only. Haturdays excepted. London (L. bt 111.-W.)-5 15, 7 15, 1025, 11 30, 12 15, 2 30, 4 15, 5 30,10 Oa, 120,. Sundays 120. aSaturday night only. London (Midland)-5 15, 10 5,12 10, 20, 40, 50, e 9 15. 120, liuu,ays 120, 3 15. aexcept Mondays. Lymm-7 5, 832, 9 25, 9 54, 11 9, 111, a 137, 25, 250, 4 14, 65 33, 5 t 9, 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 1119. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-6 e, 7 45. 85, 95. 9 40, 11 5. 1123. 12 40,1 5, 2 35, 3 0, 3 45, 4 25. 5 10, 5 15,7 10,9 20, 10 40. 11 OaSundays. 80,8 30 90, 9 50, a.m. 60, 1040. From

Exchange. aSaturdays only. Manchester (London-road)-? 0. 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 15, 20. 340, 555, 520,65, 75, 855. 1045. Sundays 730 6 30. 1 40,b Saturdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 935, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30, 12 30, 12 45, 1 3), 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, 4 48, 6 3, 730, 8 33, 9 55, a 1035, 110. Sundays, 830, 9 10, 9 30, 10 4V, 1 40, 20, 25, 635, 8 30. aSaturdays only. Moore-6 56, 96. 11 57, 340. 50, 7 83. Sundays. 819, 458 Newton 655. 725. 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 109. 1022, 11 2, 11 30, 12 48, 10, 1 28, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 85, 9 15, 9 55. Saturdays 1 40, 32,37. 4 7, 4bB, 510. 535. Sundays 8 3), 9 49, 10 0. 3 40, 7 20, 11 5. Padgate 7 51, 8 26, 90. 10 Gal 9a, 210, 3 12a. 5 184 7 3a, 9 25a. A Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Sundays 53. 11 20, 2 32, 9 12, 10 13. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50, 6 25, 8 15, 9 5 9 26, 10 10, 11 28, 12 15, 30, 3 55, 4 35, 6 43, 645,737,80. 80, 945, 110. Eunilays 2 9, 4 5, 8 35, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. Runcorn 8 25, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30, 125,32, 440 544, 6 23, 8 30. Sankey-6 53, 7 56, 8 31, 9 25, 10 20. 11 24. 12 36, 1 36, 20, 240, 3 44, 4 ,-;5, 521, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 8 49, 108,

- 40,5 7:9287 bbeffield-8 25, 11 5, 1 52. 55, 70,85, Sundays, 810 65 , lielens-6 30.8 42, n zu. 1252 46, 430, 550: 8 20, Sunday , 45, 25, 7 25. Southport-8 6, In 20, 11 15,12 50. 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70,8 10 95, 9 40. Sundays, 9C,20. 8 O. Thelwall-7 48, 536, 730, 9 58, 1113, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9, 2 55, 41 5 37, 63, 645, 745, 937, 1123. Sundays, 819, 2 29, 7 1 Widnes(Cheshlre Lines)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25, 2, 1 30, 3 23 4 25, 5 29, 6 12. 7 16, 7 55. 9 25, 11 4G, a Sun- days 8 42, 3 33, 50, 9 10, 20, a Saturdays only Widnes (L. & N. W.)-75, 8 66, 9 33, 10 30, 12 16, 129, , 3 20. 3 58, 50, 555, 646, 96, 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 250 0 .116. Wigan -239, 35, 633, 815. 9 31, 10 0, 11 23, 1 31, 230 e, s o 20, 65, 7 36, 90, 10 35. Sundays, 239,930 325 55, 1 13.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, lB9B

,7 ' :A, '4,^,4N d.r, . ^Y. . ~..., L e -I.' - %,' '4,-; ''',...4'.41:4t5. -.."..,(::::" k ' ' ,e,.::0- 41.1 ~,11':,i,, ~,,,tcr, $!.." '

"Ivo-14

.. , , ..,-• ~..f. ' 'l' r.," /72:. / 4 ell:.;11 :: re, gip e- if ... ' , J,,...< ~,„ -..-.. t.„. i,• ~,F.,- . ~.„, ~,..„ .. _ . „ ... ..,. : ~,e....,":, ,' '' , ,---• ,-, -.P::;',..-t";:::.:'"'t,,,,..?:., i '

===== 0002601_18981014_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
q„„,, ~ •.. , 6,.% '414, ill, ""-e4W-P.,—.. ' • ._ 4 W Ekr, Ak Ylif it: , - 1? ,fil, ed 4 ?.

RINGS, ‘'ROOCHESI BRACELETS, PINS, PENDANTS, NECKLACES; HEAD ORNAMENTS, STARS, STUDS AND LiNK:7i SPECIAL "` ENGAGEMENT " RINGS OF SELECTED GEMS. At Maker's Lowest Nett Cash Prices, saving 33 per cent. Selections Sent on Approval. Illustrated Book of Jewellery of all kinds, Watches, Clocks, Rings (with Card Sizes), Plate and Cutlery, post

Steam Factory:

PA uj !‘, r..15111TE HILL, EL; 25, OLD BOND ST prV7T, Till:T:1 ;477r!'..1 17.71 (.1 r.,777"11 G, liro 5, ~,Uls

FLORMINE I—Po . THE TEETH AND BREATU.—ThOIOUghI rTORIAL NOF ORTE OR NET 250 PAGES cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden (Full Music Size.) the gums, prevLots tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance ‘6•l The Pictorial tutor A Descriptive Prospectus The most re- R POST Contains 70 Illustrations to the breatb. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for I being published at Nett sent Post Free on application markable & cheap- and over 250 Songs the Florifine "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.-- Price, it cannot be obtained of to "Magazine of Music" Office, est book ever published. Dances, Carols, Anthems Adv • anybook or in usicseller unders/- 20, Ludgate Hill, London, ]LC, The Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes.

XII ALIFICI INI9

===== 0002601_18981014_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

MGCIO TO BE GIVEN AWAY Among those taking part in the following FREE CASH PRIZE COMPETITION. NO ENTRANCE FEE WHATEVER. Ist PRIZE .R 25 2nd PRIZE £2O, 3rd PRIZE .£lO, 4th PRIZE £5. The above money prizes will be given away as an advertisement amongst the competitors who can rearrange the following 24 letters to represent the names of four well known trades selected by us.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
I'UBREHCBKAREROCEGRPARDER

Send in your solution at once, and we will inform you it correct, cud give you full details of tile Competition with conditions and date of closing, If you cannot solve all four do as many as you can, as there are four prizes to com- pete for. No solution can be received after October 17th, 1893.—Address," Comerrenorr " MANAGER, 117 a, Seven Sisters Iload, London, N.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX'.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
ofi,Slll49s

FOR ALL BILIOUS AND NERVOUS ~ISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Consti

pa.

ton.

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailmcnts.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. I JAI., and t. 2.5. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere. •

A Sure and Certain CURE for PAINS in the BACK & JOINTS. DR. WEIR'S A NEW DISCOVERY.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
POROUS PLASTER

Will relieve pain 30 minutes after applying the Plaster. ALL CHEMISTS. Wholesale : 104, GOLDEN LANE E.C.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ordinary Postage.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18981014_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwiek. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Asbton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Preseot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day

Birmingham Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWales,Preston,St.Helens, Southport, and S h Wales Ashton-in-Makerlielff, Barlestown, Golborne, Lowton t Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport .and all Yorkshire. Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ~

===== 0002601_18981014_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 P.m.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
CEIVING HOUSE-

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30,

*Earlestown I

and 8 p.m.

11713-OFFICRB *Ashton Collins Green *Golbome Lowton Stubshaw Cross

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m, and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 P.M. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 P.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 P.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

Winwick *Wargrave ,

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton... Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statioa ......

(New-ton Bridge)

5,10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 a T p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m %Ltd 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

Preston Junction Church-st., Colborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Nil. 10-15 a.m Nil.

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Hark town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS;-

I To I Callers.

By Footmen. 7-0 a.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berinnd, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport,Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk With; s & Earlesi own London, Foreign. and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, Nordi Lancashire. New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helene, and

7 a.m.

11-30 a.m

_Chester

Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Miniand Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland dlasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester Loudon and Foreign, South. S - astern, Midland, Northern, Aastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Woolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London 8c Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties..

===== 0002601_18981014_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
1045 111-30 „ 111-45 ). 12-0

L 2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 „ 3-15-,

5-30 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lExtra id. Stamp

===== 0002601_18981014_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m,

===== 0002601_18981014_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

===== 0002601_18981014_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3-15 m.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING! PRINTING!

PAIN STAKING PRINTERS are now days sought for by business men who study re economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies. in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets &c.; and by Musical Union-, Pastors, and Choir Conduetors, for neatly and tastefully arranged

PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES PRINTING FOR BUILDING,SOCIEr IRS, PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

JOHN WALKER AND Cu., BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTCN.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ee

• I J

===== 0002601_18981014_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18981014_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT REMEDY.

10,A1R28 -%0011:7T PILIGS

FOR GOUT:- MIER XATISSI, SCIATIOA, LIMBAG 0

The Excruciating Pain is quieklyi relieved. Sure, Safe and effectual. All Chemists, tores, and 229 Strand,Lon den is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 ?PS

N

===== 0002601_18981014_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST)

\VITH a la-w:ent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

===== 0002601_18981014_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS,

as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PI „;LS.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
- _ . 8 •

T. DAINTITH,

GUN AND CYOLE MANUFACTURER. SPECIALITIES IN GUNS AND CYCLES,

BOVER.;CENTAURS ARIEL% AND OTHER MAKER

OF CYCLHS.

New Business Address 2- 121, BRINGS-STREET. WARRINGTON.

JAMES TOOLE,

II rk JiJ''''; If a i 1 , 1 1 • 11 : ; I t 1 r4tet , I I Ps "t 1 k.. i ii 30- .t !

===== 0002601_18981014_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
' 10 t 4 t F'A I , I'4

===== 0002601_18981014_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
,

. • :

11

,

.4" 11

II

,'

r

N 7, 4 1:0'4 '

===== 0002601_18981014_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
• I 1 0 • .•

• ;-

"'.4.J I

===== 0002601_18981014_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STRBB T

WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.)

The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows, .tc. retuoved any distance up to 15 miles, on . . _

the ehoiiest notice._

BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN FINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand. Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. .

SCRAP IRON, METIL-and srrerything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YAhD, LONGFORD. ESTABLISHED 1870.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAA CHESTER. CONCENTRATED . MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., Delivered in bags. carriage paid. in 2 Ton lots within 60 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Supply strictly limited. Orders Ghoul" be given early in the season to prevent dis4ipolntment. Full particulars from 8.0. CALLISON, Indoor andoEstates Super- intendent, Cleansing Department, Town Hall, Manchester. Or to Mr. B. ALDRED, Stamford-rd., Altrincham. Mr. J. H. NEarros, West Derby, Liverpool, Mr. J. S. GALLAND, Brookfield', Baddiley, near Nantwich.

TIIE BELFAST HOUSE.

JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED

BEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub. lio generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE

76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated

HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, MEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHINGI , of their own manufacture all of which

they will SELL at

BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES

ALL ARB INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one Importuned to BUM

LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. - JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LID

76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. DOWNSIIIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET. GLASGOW. 63, NEW STREET, BIRMINGHAM. HARRY TULE FACTORY, BALLYDE ERE.

WINTER FASHIONS. GEORGE HENRY LEE

AND COMPANY, LIMITED,

BARNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PRINCIPAL SHOW OF FASHIONS FOR WINTER ON TUESDAY NEXT THEIIr INST.

EXCLUSIVE STYLE 3 AND PARIS MODELS

MILLINERY, COSTUSIES, MANTLES.

NOVELTIES IN RICH SILKS AND DRESS MATERIALS. NEW GOOD 3 IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

GEORGE HENRY LEE AND COMPANY, LIMITED BASNETT-STRE ET, LIVERPOOL.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION, 1898. HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD M &DAL AND DIPLOMA.

WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS' STORR3 DAIRY, WARRINGTON.

IrItESIEI MILK TWICEDiLZ

KIM MILK nom 11 a.m.

FRESH BUTTER,

MADE ON THR PREMISES FROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes.

FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 67, RENSIIAW STREET, LIVERPOOL ' HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND

CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. THE CHEAPEST and BEST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS. HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes. Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner And Toilet Services. Old Silver. Blectro Plate. Overmantles. Pier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Bed- steads. Dining Tables. to., dus. ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES ATTENDED ON COMMISSION.

Press opinions sly this Establishment is unsurpassed for Style and Assortment. INSPECTION INVITED,

BOROUGH OF , . WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Twentieth Season. Goner Mr. W H W. OUGHTON, pal Agent—Mr. near Warrington.

MISS ISOBEL RIGBY, 84, BRIDGB STREET, WARRINGTON, BOUQUETS, SPRAYS, FLORAL BASKETS,

FLORAL EMBLEAS, &C.

SOUTHPORT. HATES'S REST AUROT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET, Adjoining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Static* THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT in the Town.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.

It is seldom that any discovery of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of th age, while they have proved directly beneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, injured other thousands. Even some of tha best medi- cinal preparations. however much they may do to re- move one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. Now the great need of the age is some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the preva- lent diseases of this country, which wil be certain to do good when fairly tried,which will be equally adapted to the needs of the merchant and the workman, the pro- fessional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory hand,the miner, and the roadeide labourer.lt should be, too, such a preparation as contains so injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady. as well as by the 'stronger constitu- ted man. Such a digcovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would , indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. I Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved,it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried,has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicine has failed to give relief, and we may say further, that it has proved permanently benefi cial, when other preparations at best only gave tempor- ary relief. It is strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache,Pains in the Sidg., Giddiness,Loss of Appetite,also for,Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleeplessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits, and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness, either after an Illness, long confinement to ill-ventilated rooms, or any other cause. It strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts of the system which have been weakened by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it is a Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease.lf you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excel- lent Tonic, which is sold everywhere in bottles at 2s 93. and 45.61. eack,but should any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the Proprietors will forward same for the above prices, carriage free. Avoid Imitations. When purchasing, see the name, " Gwilvm Evans," on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. Sole proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Zettets to tot Q;tittor.

A MILLION 1:3101NICAS FROA A MILLION SUBSCRIBERS.

Sir,—ln his debehtful hook on Palestine Edwin [ladle tells us that tire fi at words he heard on landing at Jaff3 were, give us Ba kshessh ; that he flerCV3 words wore sounded in his ears from hour to hour.day by day, from that time forth ; and that when he left Palestine af cer wandering through the land, the last thing he heard as the boat bore hirn away from its sacred shores was the echo of the cry Backsheresh. (Oa Holy ground,page 6). Well,we are not strangers to a somewhat similar cry in this country,but it does not proof el from "the poor et the land," but from a quarter where we should least ex- pect it,even from the learned and comfortable preachers of the Gonorl. The cry of these excellent men for money, more money,rings in our ears wherever we go. Ills con- tinually sounding from the pulpit and the platferm; the religious journals never weary of publishing it, and it stares us in the face from big posters on the walls of our cities and towns. The latest and, perhaps. most gigantic development of this cry is the call now being made by the Wesleyan Methodists for a million of guineas from a million of subecribers ! Whether the idea of this tn• mendous undertaking originated in a lay or in a clerical mind I know not, but I understand the pastors are throwing themselves into it with great heartiness, and , when they put their hands to the plough there is no I turning back. But does it not seem tatrange.and perhaps a little unkind, that these good moo should turn their backs for a time to the masses of sin and urrow by which they are surrounded and devote their attention to the financial affairs of their denomination. And then, is not a call for a million guinta3 a strange demand to make upon people who are ourposed to have been taught by the preachers to lay up for themselves treasures in heaven, where mo'h nor dust doth corrupt-, and where thieves do not break through nor steal (Matt. vi. 20). But the preachers are not lacking in astuteness, and know very well that in their denomination, as well as in others, there are not a few believers who aim at making the most of both worlds,that is to have treasure. on earth as well as in heaven at the same time. flow very easy it will be for people so favourably situated to draw cheques upon their earthly deposits without, in any way, trenching upon their treasury in another world. But what abut "the poor of the firck"the men who have to support themselves and their families upon wages ranging from fifteen shilling,' a week and upwards? Does it not seem both unjust and cruel to attempt to extract from thelr small earning contrib 1- Mons equal in amount to tho-e of the rich men who I neither toil nor spin, Besides,with pew rants and other imposts of tt:ei chapel they are heavily enough taxed at present, and out of consi ler.tion for their poverty the preachers might be content with widow's mites from them, if they cannot see their way to exempt then alto- gether. But what is this enormous collect:oo wanted for ? I suppose the answer is, for sprraling the Gospel, or, in other words, for building more chapels and hiring more pastors. Well, with all due deferrnes to our Methodist Mande I think it may be truly said that She Lord himself never sped or 8-motioned. such methods for extending His Gospel. Hl9 whole life and ministry prove this be- yond dispute. He was the bast and moat earaeat preacher that the world has ever seen or ev. r will are ; and yet the seashore, the mountain side, and the village street were the pulpits he mo,t frequently used. And then Jesus was nacre than a preacher: he was also a healer " of all manner of sickness and all manner of digeaaa among the people." (Matt. iv. 23) But it must never be forgotten that all his preachinw, and all his wonderful works of mercy to the bodies of men I were performed without money and without price Nor were his apostles, the humble men who parted with all their earthly possessions to follow him, hir)lin,:a in any sense of the word. No, no. At tam command of their beloved Master, they went forth without puree or scrip to evangelise a world lying in the da-knees of heathen- ism ! And how they supported themselves while thus employed may be inferred from Paul's farewell to the elders of Ephesus. In that manly and pathetic: addresa the aged Apostle Says, "I have coveted no man's silver, or gold, or apparel. Yea, ye younelves know, that these hands have ministered unto my nrc saicies, and to them that were with me. I have showed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to s apport the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he Sail, " It is nv.re blessed to give than to reoeive " (Acts xx , 33. 34, 35). knd besides all this th,re is the fart that in the New Testameot, which embraces the first century of the C stistian Church there is only one Collection mentioned, but it was f t the relief of the poor asinta in Jerusalem at a time of famine. (acts xi., 29, Romans xv., 26). Now as all these things were pat upon record for exemplary Purposes, add not as mere facts of hia!ory, does not the cry of the preachers for a million of guineas, betray a sad departure from the mind and ways of Jesus and his apostles. Money never did, and never will, have any part in the salvation of men. But alas. it does provide appliances for a fashionable religion through which the Church and rhe chap may fraternize with the world. and thereby avoid the loss and persecu- tion which seem to be the t (wren appointed lot of all who take up their cross and follow Christ.--.Youre truly, lONA.

PRESENTATION TO THE CLERK TO GREAT SANKEY SCHOOL BOARD. A special meeting of the School Board was held on Tuesday afternoon, in the Board-room, Grest Sankey, for the purpose of passing the accounts for the year ending 29th September, 1898, There were present: Mr. Thomas Halton (in the chair), the Rev E. S. Jackson, and Nit., Joseph Wright. The Clerk (Mr. W. D. Jeans, jun.l. and Mr. G. Clarke, master, were also Present. The accounts were ex- amined, and on the motion of Mr. Wright. seconded by the Rev. E. S. Jackson, were passel. The Chair- man said he had a very pleasing duty to perform now the ordinary business of the meeting was over. He wished to take this opoortnnity to congratulate Mr. Jeans, the Clerk, on his mnrriage, and on be- half of the members of the Board and teachers to present to him a slight token of their respect. and esteem. He was sure the work of the Board had always beon presented to them in a clear busines; like manner, and the books gave evidence of great care. He wished Mr. Jeans a happy and prosperous married life, and hoped that his connection with the School Board might be a long and pleasant .one. The Chairman passed to Mr. Jeans a solid silver inkstand of a chaste design, which had been sup- plied by Messrs. Woods and Son, Stmkoy-streer.— Te Rev. E. S. Jackson supported toe remarks of the Chairman, and said he was pleased to tes,ify to the ability and care the Clerk had shown in the . work of the Board, and also wished him much hap- piness in his married life —Mr. Wright also warmly endorsed the words of the previous speakers in all their good wishes for his welfare.—Mr. Jeans feel- ingly and suitably responded, and said that the present came upon him as a surprise. He felt very much the kind expressions the Chairman and mem- bers had made towards his wife and himself, and thanked them and the teachers for the valuable present they had given him.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
.

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14 1898.

EARLESTOWN A.ND NEWTON. EARLESTOWN AND DDITRICT P.S.A. SOCIETY. This society opened its session on Sunday afternoon by a large gathering in the Co-operative Hall. There was a very large attendance for the initial meeting which was presided over by Mr. T. Williamson, who delivered what might be termed an inaugural address. Addresses were also given by Mr. Jackson and Mr. S. Dring, and the choir ren- dered several selections. Mr.S.Dring presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN' DEATH AT WARGRA.TE.

On Saturday, at noon, a man named James Ireland, employed as a fitter at the Vulcan Foundry, and who resided at 189, Wargrave-road, Barlestown, died in a very sudden manner. He was 56 years of age, and had been suffering from tromboA3 for the past 10 years, and had been attended by Dr. Mouncey. Deceased left home about 5.45 in the morning to go to his work, lie worked until 12 noon, and was on his way home when he was suddenly seized with illness. Be sat co urn on the embankment near Bridge's farm, and complained to some of his shop mats who ran for stimulants, but he died about 12.20. The Coroner was notified, but he did not think it necessary to hold an inquest. SUDDEN DEATH OF Slit, GEORGE LAMBERT, EARLESTOWN.

On Saturday afternoon 51r. George Lambert died very suddenly from failure of the heart's action. The deceased had been unwell of late,and last week be suffered from diarrhma but no serious conse- quences were anticipated. Ou Saturday afternoon he got up from the couch on which he had been lying, but when in the back kitchen he swooned and "immediately expired. He was the eldest son of Mr. John Lambert, boot and shoe dealer, Oxford- street, and leaves a widow but no family. He was interred at the Cemetery on Wednesday afternoon, and there was a very large number of wreaths sent by sorrowing relatives and friends. DEATH 07' AIRS. GILMOUR.

It is with regret that we have this week to an- nounee the entirely unexpected death of Mrs. Gil- mour,wife of Councillor Gilmour. which took place on Sunday afternoon at the age of 55 years. About three weeks ago Mrs. Gilmour returned from Black- pool where she had been staying, and she was then slightly indisposed. Nothing serious however was anticipated, but on Saturday the let inst she took to her bed,and was attended by Dr. Patterson. She was thought to be improving. On Sundav,however, Dr. Patterson stated that pneumonia had set in,and just after dinner the unfortunate lady suddenly expired to the extreme surprise and grief of all her relatives. She was the third daughter of the late Mr. Josiah Harrison, and in her early days was schoolmistress of the old Vitriol school.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
ST.. IigLENS,

FIRE AT Sr. EIELENS.

A fire broke out on Monday night on the premises of Mr. Fletcher, butcher, Ellams-bridge-road, Sutton, St. Helens. The fire brigade found the slaught,r house and stables which adjsinod othar valuable property on fire. Tile brigade extinguished the flamos and prevented the further spread of We fire before much damage was dine. Sr. HELENS CONGEEGA.TION&L CHIIRCH.—SELECTION OF

===== 0002601_18981014_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
PASTOR.

The members of the St: HPIOS Congregational Church having already decided to invite th,, Rev. F. W. Clark, 8.A.. of Frcyne, Sxrierset, to be their pastor in succes- SiO3 to the Rev. J. A. Mitchell. 8.A., the vote of tho c3neregation was yesterJay taken on the subject. It was found that 162 v)tes were in favour of the call to Mr. Clark, and 54 agaiast.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGR OF A ST. HEL/143 VICAR.

The R 97. M. F. thnney, vicar or Sutton. St. Helens, was married on Wednesday to Miie Emily Blinkharn, younger daughter of the late Mr. William Blinkhorn,J.P. of Sutton Grange. The wadding took Wane at Grasmere after which Mr. and Mrs. Binnoy proceeded on the journey to Rome. They have arranged to elojoir a there for four months, after which Naples,Pompeii, Sicily,and Gre2ce will be visited. They expect to return to Salm in April next. In the meer..t.ma the church work Solna will be carried on under the superintendence of the Rev. H. B. Reilly. FATAL SHUNTING ACCIDENT AT ST. HELENS.

John. Taylcr. 30 years old, o? 96, Pecker's Hill-road, Sutton, St. He:ens, who was employed at the C mpor a- tion gasworks, died on Sunday in the S. Helens Hos- pital from injuries received on the 4th inst. It seems about two o'clock on the date named he was engaged in lowering vvaggona of coal at Messrs. Kurtz's yard, ad- joining the gasworks. He was in the act of attending to the brake on nne of the waggons when the engine lo!- longing to Kurt's works ran against the waggon, crush- ing Taylor botween it and the pest. The man was seen by Dr. Chaloner, who ordered his removal to the hospital where he died.—"dr. Brighouse h&c' an inquest on Tues- day at the Griffin Inu,Peasl y Cross.—Tae jury r a verdict of " Aczi dental death," and presented that the sys'em adopted to prevent trains coming int collision at that crossing was not sufficeat.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF Mit. ROBERT STUART,

NEWTON.

The death of Mr. Robi,r; Stu sit, solicitor, of Newton and Wigan, took p!ace, we regret to say. ol Tuesday m 'ruing at his residence, Laurel Bank, lows. The deceased f:nt amyl, iso to Wednesday last appea-ed in his usual health, but on Thursday morning he was found to be vcry unwell. Dr. Stuart,of Wigan, d.c.ased's brother, Dr. Watkins and Dr. H. Watkias of Newton, and at a later period, Dr. Jones of Maischest-r, were called in, and everything was done to prolong the life of the puient, but deipPe all this he r,assed awty at 7 o'clock on Tuesday miruinLat the ago 'of 46 years, his complaint bin z an internal one. Mr. Stuart was well-known in this part of Lancashire, as a very able solicitor and advocate. S) late as a fortnight on Thoisdav he was present at the Newton Petty 899- , *ions. On Friday he should have been present to conduct ' a case at the Wigan Ceonty Police Court,and a telegram was that morning, raceived by Mr. France askinr him to take his place,as he, Mr. Stuar, was nnwel. fie was a former churchwarden at S. Peter'a, Newtan. In politics he was a Conservative,and WAS a m3mber of the Newton Division Conlercatives Association. He was also a mem- ber of the Havelock Park Golf Club and a vice-p,en&nt of the Neatn Cricket, Bawling and Tarsals Club. He was the eon of the late Hr. Thifnag Stuart. a former Mavrir of Wigan, and son-in-law to Mr. C. F. Clarke, of Park-lane Colliery, Wigan.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
IRIS II MEETING AT EARLESTOWN.

On Wednesday evening—a ineelng was held under the auspices of the Michael Davitt Branch of the Irish Na- tional League, in the Irish National Ciub•room, Earles- town. There was a very large attendaoce. Mr. L.l k- Murphy pre.iled, and he was supported by Mr. Swift McNeill, M.P. Mr. F. L. Crilly,orvini4er f L analsi-nre and Cheshire:Mr. Dalton, president of the Warring:a n Branch, and others. The Chairmen said he found himself in a poiition Which he did asot think he was quite canable to'. filling ry well. He could only co aclude tha-, the reason why they selected him to fill the chair was b-cause he r lore- sent,d agl eat mai erity of Irishmen who were disposed to smopor toeir organisation. (Hear, hear.) He congra- tulated the prom ,ters of that meeting on the numbers prrsent,cowiciering the conditions and the circgrnstances under whiclo their people had to work in that district. Manyin fact the majority of those who took an interest in, or were active members of the organisation, were compelled to work unreasonable hours, mostly in the nizht to gain a living, and of course they could under- stand what sacrifices people had to make to attend a meeting when they had to sacrifice a ni,ht's lab our,and he thought they need not feel ashamed of that meeting. (Hear. hear.) He had much pleasure in in'roduciog to them Mr. Swift McN!iii. (Applause.) Otis of his re- commendations was that he bore an illustrious name, and was true to his fathers, true to those who sacrificed everything, liberty, lands and all else for the cause of Irith freedom. (Applause.) Mr. Dalton, of Mr arrington, sail the IrM toelnin ire England should take a deep interest in Irish aft airs. There were Irsh people who were altogether indifferent whether Home Rule was passed or whether It was not but it V 713 by the means of such organisations as those that they would muse those people from that indiffer- ence. Whenever a man or a woman was indifferent to the interests of their countl,they were deteriorating to a certain extent in their manhood or their wolnanhoed, but whenever a man or wor-an was found to he taking an interest in the affair; of their country, they were the better for it. Toe history of the Irish race was a glorious history. To think that throughout the whnle of Christendom there was one no.don and that nation Ir,land, which had Pacriticed everything in the cause of freedom and right. (Hear, hear.) He Tor-noosed the following resolution. We the Iti.hmea of Earlestown and district pledge ourselvt.s to use every effort to strengthen the Irish National Organisation so that we may be a source of greater power to the Irish cause ; that we declare our undying love for the memory of the men of '9B and the Principles for which they sacrificed home, liberty an Ili's., and reaffirm our determination to continue the struggle for Irish freedom and give one more evideoce that the cause of our county is a; fresh in our hears t day as it ever was ; that we view with pleasuro the , vival of that prit of nationality which characterised the Land Loague movement of 2D years ago by the in- crease arid growth of the United Irish League led 1)7 William O'Brien ; that we call upon the Governmont to release the remaining Irish political prisoners who are still buried in British dunronr" (Applause.) Mr. Thomas Glynn seconded. Mr. S. MeM&lI m.p., and Mr. T. L. Crillc spoke in support of the r3solution which was carried with cheers. •

===== 0002601_18981014_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED TREFT BY A. HAYDOCK WOMAN.

At the Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday before Mr. Robert Stone (in the chair), and Mr. C. B. F. Horror:, Agnes Hindley was charged with stealing half-a- severeign,on the Bth Octeber,the monies of John Hughes of thydock.—Mr.W.H.J. Jenkins, solicitor, Warrington, appeared for the defence.—Prisoner pleaded not guilty. —Elizabeth Hughes, Vista Farm, Haydoek, said that on Saturday, the BAI October. she was getting ready to go to the show at Warrington when prisoner came to the house. Complainant owed her 4s. and prisoner asked her for 25., saying she had not a penny in her pocket. Complainant gave her the 21. and prisoner said the other 23. would do after. Complainant then left the house leaving two h olf-sovereigns and a ss. piece in the win- dow. The time would be about 3 30. She got half way to Eirlestowa and then came back to the house. She went to the place where she left the money and found one half-sovereign and a 53, flees. The prisoner was then in the house. Witness then asked prisoner to put the money down if she had it, and she replied she had only one half-sovereign with her. that her husband had worked for.—By Mr. Jenkins : There were several other persons in the kitchen at the time. Prisoner offered to ether herself to be searched. Mary Ann ICloney, 15 years of age, servant to John 1 Hugh.s,said oris :nee cams to the house about 330. Her mistress put two half sovereigns and a 5s piece in a puree in the window. Wane witness went out of the pantry, 'prisoner exchanged chairs.—By Mr. Jenkins : The old gentlemen,prisoner's fether,wam sittine by the fire. She hear i him sty" Don't accuse the woman of taking the hell sovereign as she had nothing to do with it." The woman said" You shut your in neh, you have nothing to di with it." Prisoner let Witee3S se arch her after she had been oule There we 93 2 in her purse.—William Harold Houghton (13), Vista-lens, litydoe,k, said he was in the house list Saturday. Prisoner was sitting by the fire. When the last witness went out prisoner crossed over to this window where he saw the two half sover- eigns and the 5a piece. He saw her lift her hand.— Peter Cunliffe, grocer, Church-street, Flaydock, said prisoner came to his house between 7 and 8 o'clock and paid him for grecerie3 203 61.— PC. Rewcliffe de- posed to pine to prisoner's house and aftetwards find- ing her in a neighbour's house drunk. Witness took her in her own house and cnarged her. She threw her purse down containing 93 21 saying "that is all I have." Sergeant Walker said he accompanied the constable to the house. He after warils took the WOMIEI to the police station and kept her until the complainant had returne 1 home. He got complainant's statement and locked de- fendant up. He gave instructions to the two cortstablee to search the house. Mr. Jenkins Said he would submit with confidence tlyre Was no cape against the prisoner whatever. Tnere was no semblance of evidence of the prisoner having taken the money. A woman who had taken half a Sovereign would nor, have stare 1 with the possibility of it being found upon her. No jury in the world weeld convict, and he would submit there WaS no prima facie nee made out. If the bench were not satisfiei toe would put the prisoner on her oath and tako advantage of the new Act.—The bench said they did not require any further evidence, and the case was dismissed.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINTGTON BOA:RD OF

GUARDIANS.

A meting of this Board was held in the Board Room at the Workholas on Wednesday. Mr. George Pilling presided, and them wera also present :—Revs. W. H. Drummond, J F Matthews, Dr. Pattercoo, Mrr. Clay, Messrs- A. J. Jolley, A. Jolley, T. B. Main. J. Billings, T. Ff. Ashcroft, El. Thornton, J. Clarke, J. Ball, A. Brook, R. Forshaw, VV;lliana Houghton, with Mr. J. C. Sutton (Clerk), Mr. S. Sutton (assistant clerk), Mr. Ward (workhouse ina.ter), and Mr. Wright (superintendent Padgate &hoots).

===== 0002601_18981014_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSE COHHTTTEE.

This Committee -re-c-o-m-Ftt—en-d-e:ditTat the tender oi Mr. Lee for drapery and of Mr. Sdmks for groceries be accepted. It was also recommsnded that the religna- tions of Nurse Kitchen and Ryan be accepted.—Mr. A. J. Jollsy, in moving the adopt;oa of the minutes, asked that the Flsuse Csinmittee be empowered to oppoint two succ,ssors to the nuns. It would hamper the work unless this were done.

The minute-3-vTe-r-e-a.pprovei by th 3 Bard. GIFTS.

Tie W)rkh use M teter recede,' numerous Vifts of flowers an 1 fr iit for ti A inmtt ‘s. Mrs. SPgs.r 0 719 1, sent a basket of apples ' • Etsv F A S3reaton, Latchford, fruit and flow.rs ; Mrs Milli, St Elphin's R•cbry, illus- trated paprra and rn tv,azin.s ; Mr i Fox, Rylands-stre,t, flowers ; MN;rir,en, Arplev Mission, fhwers ; Rev W H Drummond, papers and ma zazine3 ; Mr. George Davies, Earlestown, per Mr. John Clark.,jourca's and papers.

THS CALLS-

The Cr.,cas rep,rtei'tijat-a-trilie township calls in the Union were pall Within th 3 1:eriol that was bore September. (tle r, - -

, THE MEDICLL OFFICER NO. 3 DISTRICT. Toe Local Govu.nment Board vrr)te approving OF the appoinr.miint of Dr. Slnhton, medical officer for Ni. 3 didrict 'it a salary of £3O pr annum.

POOR LAW ASSOCIATION. TAS SECRETARY to the Committee nf the Asso•iatien of Poor Law Unions in England ani VVa'es which it has been thciled to form, wrote If )rming the Board of the date of the, first meting.—Th. Chairman msved that the Board join the association of Poor LAW Colons and that 10 64 be naid aa a subscription for the first year. —Mr. A J Jolhy seeonded, and the motion was carried.

THe DisFRANCHIseMENT OF RECIPIENTS OF 01:7T-HELIHF. Tae CLERK read circular letters he had received from St. Alban'e. Wolverhampton and Birminzham Unions respecting this subject, and asking the Board to pass a resolution thete^n. At the last mentinn of the Board it was decided that the circular from the Wolverhampton Union should be allowed to be on the table. Mr. MaLKIN,in accordance with notice of motion given moved "That the Warrington Board of Guardians offer their support to the circular sent out by the .Waiver.!hampton Board of Guardians, in favour of petitiening Farliament to so alter the law that all recipients of out. relief belonging to friendly sociesiee thall not be die- frauchised."—ln doing So Mr. Malkin Said he believed it was a hardship upon honest workingmen,who baying through dress of circumstances been obliged to s'ek out-relief. Should be deprived ot their votes in craw. fltronce One friendly society alone contributed £BOO,OOO in relief to its members. Other locietiei acted in a similar manner, thus greatly assisting Boards of Guar, diaos throughout the country. relieving ths members of the friimilv societies during tieieS of sickness and their relatives in case of death. It was very hard to disfranchise a man for the paltry assistance of a pair of clogs or a few hour*' labour le the stoneyard. Toe men felt it very acutely. Mr. Aencemrr Seconded the metien. They had a striking instalee of the effect of this law in the dig- franehis.ment of the t3)uth Wales miners. He did not think any man should lose his vote through being thrown out of work. He looped the Board would Sep- pert ths resoletion and eideavonr to remove the present stain on workingmen. Mr. A. J. JOLLsT moved an ameedment.not from any want of srmeathv with the reeolution, but because It either went too far or did not go far enough. To lirn't the reeolutioe t recinienee of out-relief seemed to him to bs rather illogical. dr-eet working man He did not see why any intelligent , through circumsfances over which he had no control, who had had to accept in-door relief, Rhould he debarred any more than anyone else. The re solutian ooened up the whole quesf-ion with which, he contended,the Guardians had nothing to dn. Re, there- fore, mitred, ae an atneodrnent, that the Board take no aetion in the matter. The Rev. W. fl ijd second the DRONUTIND said he wo amendment, as the resolution which Mr. Malkin had submitted was only a partial ime IF they were going to !emetic, the disability frern member; of feendly societies he did not nee why they should debar other. who r.ceived out-door relief hut who were not connected with friendly Recietiese. He thought it was making an lief air distinction. The one thing to do wag to remove the dißahility from recioiente of hots indoor and outd-or relief. Thet was a very large question. A. man who necen,ed our- leer relief wee just aq mirth a name fr as if he were e recipient or indoor relief. It dePe visa "o°.n the Board as to which kind of relief should be given. it seemed to him that more wee to bs said in favour of the Birmingham resolution as to there being discretionary flower special circamstances, as in South W?,lfon fir "'stance, where they had 6,030 persona diefranchised in censecusenee of a strike He thought the Boaffi ought to have soviet pow are to say that it Was a special case and should be considered as such with reeled to the die, ablit'ses which attached to it. On the gen.ral cine,tion he did nes. grieto to commit himself to any definite pod. "'I, hiir ho did not agree with the resolution because it made a distinction. TIP amendment was carried, six members voting for it, and four se„,inst it. Mr MAitiliu he weeld qty. notice that at the next meeting of the Board h. would Move that the ch.- ?else from the l t Beard. ` Birmingham Giarlians on the same sib- ice he adopted be se The CLERK Said the qtleition wise a large one, and the resolution of the Beard of Guardians upon it had net very much effect. The Guardians were really not in- terested in the question. The people who ran the risk ref disfronehisernent were the neolle who ought to move in the mitts?. It was a difficult matter to get them to vote at all. Having taken the judgment of the Board, he would advise Mr. Malkin to allow the matter to drop for the oreeent.

Mr MALRIN consented, and the Board shortly after- wards rose.

WARRINGTON CORN MARKET.

thiq merket on Wednesday new wheqt (white) fetched :33 71 to as 81 (70Ibs. to the bushel) ; red wheat. 3q 6d to 3173 ; nqwoatl. is 111 to 2s Id. Flour. best se.londe, per 2401b.,21s to 225. Bran, 9id per 20Ib.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PIT SHAFT FATALITY AT ST,

HELENS.

COLLIERY OFFICIALS CENSURED. On Tuesday Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest at the Railway Hotel, Sutton, St. Helens, on the body of William Cowley, 26 'years of age, collier, of 108, B ary's-lane, who was killed in the shaft of the Ashton's Green Colliery, St. Helens, on Saturdty morn- ing. Mr. H. Hall, Government inspector of mines, and Mr. Matthews,assistant Government inspector,were pre- sent; Mr J. 0. Swift, solicitor, and Mr. T. Pennington certificated manager, appeared for Messrs. Bromilow, Foqter and Co., the colliery proprietors ; Mr. H. L. Riley, solicitor, representad the relatives of the deceased and Mr. T. Glover, J.P., miner's agent also attended. The Coroner informed the jury that Cowley and an- other collier named Tarpey were baing wound up the shaf t when, through some cause, a coalbox fell down thia shaft. It dropped upon the cage in which the men were, with the result that the top was smythed in, Cowley being knocked out of the cage and dropping to the battorn of the shaft, where he WAS afterwards found dead, and Tarpey was rendered unconscious, thought he rein lined in the cage. Fie was found in that condition when the cage reached the surface, and he was removed to the hospital.

After evidence of inlentification hal been given by Julia Cowley, widow, Joseph Buckley, of Fleet-lene, said he was the browman at Ashton's Green Colliery, and was in chirge of the shaft arrangements at the time of the accident, whith was about three o'clock on Situ!- clay morning.—The Coroner: Flow do you aeceunt for a tub filling down the shaft ?—Witness: My own opinion is that it must have fillers from the came. I must have put one in and forgotten it.—The Coroner: When you put the box in the cage did you lower the arm, or protecting bar, to keep the box in the cage ? Witnees : I don't remember that I did. I never make a practice of sending one empty down the shalt.—The Coroner : Is the enginernan entitled to start winding without getting any signal from you ? Witness : He should not be, but if I am away from the pit mouth he does so.—ln reply to Mr. Matthews, witness said it was the custom for the enginemen to accept and act upon signals from the bottom of the shaft during the night time when there was not much winding, but it was never done in the day time. He knew there was a rule that bankamee should attend to and remain near the shaft when men were descending or ascending.—ln answer to Mr. Glover, witness sail ther-3 were no re- eeiviag"catches"at thn surfact.Tne ems worke without the catches all the time.—A Juror: The accident wou'd not have happened if there hal been "catchel"at the top.because the cage couldn't have descended unless the brewman was there to release the "catches?' Joseph Lyon, eneineman and winder at the time of the accident,said it had always been the custom to start winding Oct receiving the signals from the bottom of the shaft, and in the absence of the banksman in the night ttimec.o—nTheuCocro4nseifr t lesaidy that might lead to very danger- ous en were allowed to do that. They could not tell whether the banksman was ready or not, or what he was ding at the top of the shaft.—The Witnese said it was always customary to leave the cage ready for winding before the banksman went away.— Coroner asked if the certificated manager knew of this. He told witness to never mind the manager being ore.. gent at that inquiry—they would not crscharge him, and if they did he(the coroner) would b 3 there. Did the certificated manager know--Mr.Swift : I don't think that is either a very judicious or judicial remark to make,Mr.Ceroner.—The Coroner :Mill you kindly allow me to ask the quash i,n 2-11 r. Swift : I think I have a right to protest against a remark of that kind.—The Coroner : I saw the witness looking towards the certificeter manager when he was about to answer.— Mr. Swift.—Yee held a very high offin and sit here in a judicial capacity, and I protect againct you telling the witness that the manag,er---The Coroner (interrupt- Will you allow me to examine the witness?-11.1r. Swift : If I think you are wrong I shall rir ;test against it.—The Coroner (to Vi imese) : You tell me—Did tile certified manager know nr not know that this system of winding was going on F—Witness : Yes.

Mr. M-atthew-a, 'assistant inspector, said he examined the place of the accident, and thought the accident might have been caused by the baaksnaan failing to put on the "catches" of the &needing caee. there was uaually same latitude allowed where banks men had little to do during the night, but it was advis- able that under no circumstances should men be lowered OT raised without the hanksman being present. The jury, after deltberating in private, returned a verdict of " Accidental death," with the presentment that the management, knowing the system of signalling and windinz in the night time had been carried on for two years or mere,should see that the rules were carried Properly and according to law. They further presented that there was great carelessness on the part of the banksman and engine winder,—The coroner said he en- tirely agreed with the verdict and presentment of the jary, and censured the two men, Buckley and Lvon,for their share in the matter.—Mr. Swift, on behalf of the colliery proprietors. Said that the presentment of the jury, so far as it affected them, would see that it was observed and carried nut.

===== 0002601_18981014_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY BESSIONS.

TIIITIODLY—Before_ Mr. T. J. Ctillisnie (in the chair) and

Meisrs. C. B. F. Borron. RO-beri Stone and Colonel Wood.

TEIwpORART Aurn—cianur•---John Ball applied for temporary authority to tell at the Horn's Inn beerhouse. Golborne. in the occupation of John Edwards, until the next transfer day. The police said they had no objections so the apoliCation was granted. MISCELLANEOUS OFFENCES--John Downy', Newton Sep- tember 17th, drunk and disorderly. fined 2s 6d and costs. John Conway, Newton. drunk, 9th October, fined 2s 6d and costs. Thomas Naughton, was summoned for exploding ilreworics at Golhorne on Ootober let, fined Is. to include costs. Soienh Webster, druik at Hayduck September 14th fined 5s and coats. Daniel Williams. dog at large, liaydock, September 25th, fined 3s 6d. John McMahon and James Hague were summoned for neglecting to send their children regularly to 'ahem and each were fined Is. including costs. Peter Unsworth drunk and disorderly at Golborne, Bth Act .b.r. was fined Is 64 and costs. The following were fined under the Education Act for not sending their chil- dren regularly to school. Joseph Darlington,William Jones Peter Pilling, Thomas P.tv3t, allohael Smith Hugh Cawley, James IDowne, Alfred Hughes, Patrick Peppered. David Jones, Mary Ann Heaton. lidward Price. Robert Lewis, and Peter Pilling, Al! fined Is. including costs. • BREA= RULES.—Iohn Riley. and Yonn Orford, cohere, were summoned at the Instance of the Collins Green Colliery for a breach of their rules.—Mr Swift who prosecuted said defendants were employed by his cfleots. Riley ws a brow 111,111 and was on duty on the 26th September. The other man was also working at night, he being engaged in emptying the boxes of dirt which came up from the pit bOttOrfl. These two men got aby named Griffiths to go to an adjacent public house. Orford sent for a shilling's worth of whiskey, the other man sending for a quart of porter, and the men consumed the liquor. The men had some grievance and they then indulged in a fight. It was important that people working at a colliery should be sober. Riley's duty was to see the men descend and ascend the pit safely. The Bench imposed a fine of is and costs on each defendant.

TAMPERING. WITH -A CANAL LOCK. —JAIIIO4 Henry r+srldtv aged 11 vears.was summoned for tampering with the Bradley. I lock on the London and North-Western Railway canal. new Rarlestown.—Mr. Penna, solicitor. prosecuted on behalf of the London and North-Western Railway Company. About, 2 23 a.m., on the 24t10 September defendant. his brother, and another boy were on the Bradley-locks. The lock-keeper's wife was in bed at the time, and the heard a great rush of water. Thinking abo a was passing through she did not get up The rush continuing. she got up to see the CIUSO, and she noticed defendant drawing no the pedals. The woman shouted to thorn to stop but defendant only laughed. She ran after them. and caught Garrity and handed him over to the police. The Sankey Sugar Works Company had a pold and through the action of this boy the water in the pond went down four inches. If the woman had not seen the lads, the probability was that the pond would have b-en run dry, and as a consequence the works would have had to be stopped. He suggested their worships to order the defendant to receive some corporal punishment. The magistrates agreed to this and ordered the boy to receive sir strokes with the birch rod AiLlatni:e arttEsrowx. —Wiroret Stonehouse. viaduct street. Harlestown. sumo:tatted Mary Donoghue. o Regent street for assault. There was also a cross-summoun.—Th Bench bonnet Mrs. Donoghue over, in the sum of Ell to keen the ',peace for six months. The other summons was dismissed.

ALLEGED THEFT OF A WATCH.— Ann Ho!croft was charged with stealing a watch from the person of John Oliver. on the 12th inst. at Newton The prosecutor said at four o'clock on the date named he was in the Bine Lion. Newton, when the prisoner entered. He paid for hr a drink, and then went to the rear of the premises. Hoicroft followed him and stole his wets% from his pocket. She also took out of hie pocket 19. in money. He dirt not charge her with that offence Witness afterwards awe information to the police. 1105inson said he obtained a bicycle and followed the prisoner, He WAS told that she had goes towards St.Helens in a cart. After going about halt way he turned back, and , proceeded towards Wigan. capturing the prisoner at Wore- lev ldesnes —The Bench thouert prosecutor wan as much to blame RR Holoroft, and en they dismisael the came. BREAKING Purl • SHOP.—Joseph Molloy (14), and .Tarnea Henry Garrit'Y (11). were <shamed with stealing one box of cinrierella cigarettes, two tins of tobaceo. and a quantity of sweets on Ootober 11th from the shop of Hannah Pilling, Golborne —Both defendants pleaded osilty.—Hannah Pilling, 50, Church-street. Golborn-, said on the day in question she uscired the shop up about 10 31 and the next morning about 7.30 she foiand the window broken and a large stone in. She missed the artistes. She gave information to the police She knew the two lads ani hat mi re sd things before, and had asked one of them anon'', a bottle of sweets, but he had denied takinz it—P.O Will sal he charged them with the theft. Molloy said " Yes. I threw a stone and Garrittv threw half a brick," Garrittv said " I threw a big stone throw.fh the window. Molloy took the cigarettes and I took tee sweets."—The school attendance officer said defendant, would not attend regularly to school.—Thomas Molloy, father of one of the defendants said he could do no good with his lad.—The bench decided to send the defendant Molloy to a reformatory, and the lad Gatritty to receive six strokes of the birch.

.-,-..0......... LATCHFORD GOOD TEMPLAR&

Oa MomfairihT weekly session Bonehil branch lodge was held in the Temperance Hall Latchford, under the presidency of Bro. Luke Elli son, L.D. Capital addresses were given by th Chairman, Bros. Ben Few, H. M. Blease, H. Fletcher Sisters J. Hampton, M. Fletcher, and others. Th lodge was closed in the usual form.

FUR.—SKIN RUGS Drestsed Cleaned, and Lined r alteratious of every dasertotion. B. Coot E Manufaaturrul Furrier, 21 n3lahaw-strest, Liverwol. tablished 24 years

GENERAL N NWS.

The Liberal Executive of Blackburn have decided to erect a statue to the memory or Mr. Gladstone.

The alleged instigator of Che recent attempt to poison the Emperor of Korea has 13:Asa arrested at Seoul.

The Tsung-11-Yamen has protested against the excessive number of the Russian escort in Pekin. The Old Age Pensions MI 'has passel the third reading in the New Zealand House of Representatives.

A fire. involving the destruction of a large numbsr o business premises, °marred at Sydney on Saturday, The London County Council resolved yesterday to purchase the undertaking of the London Trammsys Company for Z850,0:0.

The death is announced. at New York, of Oakley Hall formerly mayor of that ciry, and for many years a resident in London.

At Leicester Infirmary, on Sunday morning, the head of an under kitcherarnaid was caoglat In tse frarnlwork of a lift, and she was instantly killed. At Mary:ebone on Wednesday the Hon. Philip 13. Petre. brother of Lord Petra, was committed for trial on a charge ill obtaining MO by false pretences. alThe Hoo. W. T. !Armtek, a member of the New Zealand Parliament. committed suicide on Wednesday in one of the committee-rooms of the House.

An arch fell on three labourers on Wednesday morning in the Atlas Works at Sheffield, and one. named Harry Crow, was killed, the other being badly injured. Princess Albrecht, wife of the Prince Regent of Bruns- wick, died on Saturday afternoon. Deceased, who was a ,drincess of Saxe-Altenburg, was aged Mr. George Saxton, brother-in-law of President Mißinley, was shot dead on Saturday at Canton (Ohio). A woman has been arrested on suspicion of having fired the shot. On Wednesday afternoon, Thomas Walker, curator of St. Andrews University Museum, committed suicide by means of carbolic acid. Deceased was over seventy veersf,of age. The Duke of Connaught, who has been in command at Aldershot for the past five years, bade good-bye to the troops on Saturday. His Royal Highness will be succeeded by Sir Redvers Princess Trunetakoi, who had been arreited at Berlin on the application of the Italian Government for her extradition, committed suicide on Saturday night in the police station where she was lodged..

The icrew of the yacht Heartsease. of Portsmouth. reached Barry on Monday morning and reported that late on Sunday night, during a fog. their vessel had been run down by a vessel bound to !mirth.

At Bow-street Pollee Court on Monday,' Dr. Naugle Alice Gildford was further remanded for a week on a charge of being concerned in the death of a young woman named Emma Gill, at Bridgeport, Connecticut, The Secretary of State has ordered the release from Portland Prison of Henry Hammond Wilson, alias rhomas J. Clarke, who at the Old Bailey in May. 1883, was sentenced to penal servitude for life for treason felony. At Aberdeen on Wednesday, the Rev. Alexander Young. a parish minister. was fined Li, or in default fifteen days's Izn- prisonment, for recklessly discharging firearms at a youn man who earns to the manse to visit his sweetheart. At Walsall, on Saturday afternoon, seven boys were pith- lug coal In a sand hole when the sides gave way, and four were buried beneath ten or twelve tons of rubbish. Two of the boys were got out alive ; the other two were dead. A frightf is! coisflagration broke out in the native city of Hankow on the let of October. Ten thousand horses were destroyed. and It Is reported that R thousand lives were lost. The damage is estimated at from five to eight million teels. The situation caused by the outbreak of yellow fever in the State of Missis.ipol grows constantly graver ,and the whole State Is now practically included in the area of infeetlon. Two thousand refugees have gone north to await the frosts. The three alleged leaders of the conspiracy to poison the King of Korea were hanged in gaol at Seoul on Monday. The populace afterwards secured their bodies, dragged them about the streets, and subjected them to dreadful mutila- tion.

At Lougfor 1. on 3/fondly, Potrick Dooner wee committed for trial charged with the murder of Bernard Lennor, an old man, at liosskev, nv beating him, because he ordered prisoner off hie cart. Michel Dooner was discharged from the case.

A remarkable sty comes from Kovno. In Poland, ot women being forcibly carried away from their homes confined In a church vault, and flogged with cords and rods for having had dealings with Russians. The instigator of the outrages was a Driest, who has been arrested. On Saturday. whilst six men were engaged repairing & hoist at the machine works of Messrs. Dobson and Co.. at Bolton, it gave way, and the men were precipitated 401 t. All were removed to the Lath mary. and it is feared that in two cases the injuries may prove fatal. Professor Carpenter, of Cornell University, has discovers& process for produeing seamless steel tubing of Americans teel that will &pal, if it is not superior, to that manufae.t ured from Swedish steel. One of the first results of this dis- covery is expected to be a reduction in the price of bicycles. On wednesday a porter named John Turnbnll was run over by the 8-43 train from Sale to Altrlncham. Deceased harl been laying fog signals, and was caught by the train and literally cot to pieces. The front of the engine WAS bespattered with the blood and brains o the unfortunate man.

A farmer's on named Bellingham and two labourers nailed Paris and Parks were eommitted for trial at Mailing, Kent. on Monday, Charged with refusing to assist a polies-constable who called upon them in the Queen's name during a de,per- ate struggle with a man who eventually sueeeedA in making his escape.

_ _ At an inquest held at Camberley. Surrey, on Saturday. touching the death of Msjer eeell Lester. I was stated that the deceased died from tubercular peritonitis. lie had been treated by a lady Christian scientist,who stated that she had no knowledge of the disease, and that she gave no material remedy to alleviate pain.

A new 'bus-wheel tyre is being tried In London. It con • stets of an ordinary !Woe with a channelled rim. Into this a rubber ring is sunk, and outside the rubber ring is a kind of chain tyre composed of a series of 3in steel links. The wear of the road is taken by the steel, and vibration is stated to be absorbed by the rubber cushioning tinamediately be - neath.

_ Spanish official telegramt from Iloilo report severe fighting between the Spanish troops and the Philippine insurgents. In which the latter had 151 killed, and the Capture by the Soaniartis of a large quantity of arms and ammunition. The Governor of Iloilo also cables that thirtv-efght insurgent leaders and 4,000 men have surrendered to the Royal troops In the Viseavas. _ .

Barnstaple on Monday morning, George Harper, a blacksmith, formerly a well-known rifle chot, committed suicide. He fetched his rifle from the armoury, and shot himself Immediately afterwaric Re took the cartridge from a bandolier pre.ented to him by one 0 Jameson's troopers. Deceased had twice won a St.*George's Badge at Wimbledon, land was also well known locally as a singer. Weigall's Farm, at gaffron Walden was destroyed by fire Sunday night. The large dwelling house, all the farm build- ings. and fourteea stacks of corn were burnt to the ground. Twelve valuable horses, and some pigs, and about sixty fowls perished. The tenant (Mr. Sharp) and his family were assay from boots at the time of the outbreak. The fire is supposed to be the work of an incendiary.

George Lavery. pugilist, died on Sunday morning n his father's house. Burnopfield. Durham, On Saturday evening he engaged Mr. John Westoe, els-, of Burnoptield. In a box- ing match In the Standard Theatre, Gateshead. Lavery was knocked out In the fifth round by a blow under the chin. Ile was removed insensible to his father's house, but never regained conselousness.

An exalting incident ocaurred at Camberley on Tuesday. a stag, which was tumed ont by the Royal Buolchounde at 4.B(mt ran Int^ Camberley Hlgh-strret. Closely followed by the pack, the stag ran Into the backyard of a fruiterer's, and took refuge In the kitchen. A crowd which had gathered In the street kept off the hounds while the stag was nafely placed in the stable. It was afterwards taken back to Wind- .- , son .

Several valuable horses bel;nging to Mr. Frederick Hart- RUMP narrowly escaped being burnt to death at Mr. Hart- rn,kun's Church residence, Bank Nouse Accrington, early on Sunday morning. A maid was aroused trout her slumbers by sounds of crackling close brand she descovered the stables to he ablaze. Prometly the men servants were called. and ths horses released jest in the nick of time. The stables were destroyed.

AA English strike-anywhere harmless match appears to have bean invented and patented some months ago by Mr. Cordes, an employbe of the London County Council. The ingredients of the pasta used comprise potassium chlorate, whiting. plaster-of-Paris, ground glass, glue, and amorphous phosphorus. The relative quantities of each material are as yet not stated : incorrectly apportioned, they produce an easily-exploded mixture. I Ancient mirrors made in Roman times are found occasion- ally when exoavations ars proceeding below the sites of 'orrner cities. A systematic examination of a number Of these glasses hp M. Berthelot. has disclosed that they were often backed with untarnished lead, and not with quicksilver or tin. The reflections given are, in some instances. still r quite passable, although time has been trying for 1,003 pears or so to introduce oxygen and dull the bri,:ht surface of the metal in contact with the glass.

•- A tragic affair is reported from Prod& in Prance. A well- to-do young farmer named Francois Pellegrin was engaged to be married to Felicc Barbarnu. a pretty girl of 18. A few lays ago he received an anonymous le' ter making a foul im- putation against his sweetheart, who, in spite of his protests that he did not believe a word, was so overcome that she hanged heraelf during the night in a barn. Her lover was was distracted at her suicide. and only a few hours after her body had been cut down he went out to the barn and blew out his brains. The police are looking for the writer of the anonymous letter. Serious strike disturbances took pla‘e on Wednesday at Virden, Illinois. The strikers on the one side, and the Sheriff and his deputies and a force of railway police on the other, fought a desperate battle, during which no fewer than 630 shots were exchanged. Ten of the combatants are known to have been killed, and five fatally and five others seriously wounded. Later renorts, believed, however, to bs exaggerated. put the loss of life at a high figure—one account stating that fifty miners and six of the police were killed and another, which says the fighting was being continued that over 100 In all have been killed. • _

The land crabs of Cuba are 1,;;;;: than a sea crab, and live entirely on the land. They run with great speed, even out- stripping a horse. At certain seasons of the year they mi. grate in large bodies from one side of the island to the other. in columns sem times half a mile wide, and so dense as aimed to stop a carriage on the road they may be crossing. These columns overcome every obstacle in their direct line of aiareh, even high mountains. It is supposed that these mi- zrations are promoted by the Instinct of propagation, as the vith• seek the sea shore, deposit their evgs. and cast off the )1d she 1. Th.se crabs are so oornmen about the city of Vlatansas that the inhabitants often receive the sobriquet of cangrejo." They are ftequently found in the houses, and In some cases even under the beds. There is a species of ionch which makee similar marches through the country in immense bodies. These are called pirates, from a very curi- ous habit they display. This creature, which resembles a mall, has the ablity of detaching itself fro.a the shell which for some reason, it temporarily leaves at times, and while its 'louse is thus vacant another, passing, will pack its body, tail foremost, Into the empty shell and keep possession.

DRY. THIN, AND FALLING HAIR is due, in the naj 4it3' of cases to imperfect action of the sebaeeou, Ir. oil glands. Deprived of its proper nourishment, the lair becomes harsh and brittle, the scalp dry and scalp and the roo s choked and lifele6s in a narcl,dry skin. Th 'urea, sweetest and most effective treatment is a warm ihamPoo with Cuvicues, SOAP, followed by .light dress- ngs with CIITICURA, purest of emollient skin cures, vhich will produce a clear, wholesome scalp and luxuri- tot, lustrous Lair, when every other known method

03 Warrinzton.— Printed and publishadby John VC,"‘t The Examiner General Printing Works. Bevi°Bl;- rroes3d tor,a- and Published also at The Ezmniner Office. ino Winn.knts ; High-street, RUNCORN 42, aaorge ocToisga HELENsiand 3 Market-atreet, &ARLES-TOWN.— 1898. _street. ST;

- &TEST NEWS. _ '7 IN WEST AFRICA. AND ALL Ms CHIEFS. PARIS, THURSDAY. Senegal, states that a - has been captures nersonally 'rn prisoner. and oue • over '-e

.) ; , : FOR FIRST-CLASS. PRIVATE D E NTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged. TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH, Each patient informed required the costa TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. AnIBLD., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painleal Extractiono troasus hitherto by the ala TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,005 gallon' weekly. Exors. of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY:EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLET-STREET (Nam. TEL. No. MO), LIVERPOOL, 5, BOLD-STREET, T. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. MszEi WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANE:Kr-8r RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. NORTHWICH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEMAMERT-0 -.1 .t." ,v i 4 ' . ~.,i % q ;II ..et ST. 1 14 A

===== 0002601_18981014_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WOOD ENGRAVING OF MACHINERY, FIRE GRATES, SHOP-FRONTS, ETC. CATALOGUES OF ALL KINDS ILLUSTRATED. ELECTROTYPES SUPPLIED. Estimates Post Free on Application. MILNER & MORTON, WOOD-ENGRAVE RS & PHOTOGRAPHERS, 55, MARKET ST., MANCHESTER.

RUYTURES. k'Oli t.; Li hit Ute .tt U PTU KM. T. REMINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS tor Clare of Rupture; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 89. Grosvenor-street Lon. don-road. Manchester.

GRAND MISSIONARY LOAN EXHIBITION. ST. GEORGE'S HALL, LIVERPOOL. OCTOBER 13TH To 24TH. OVER 4,00 WONDERFUL CURIOSITIES. XISSIONARIES FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD.

SIGH NO MORE LADIES. WEAR THE } CURLED From NATURAL IMMOVABLE From SCALPETTES 21/- FRI tNGES. 10/6 T. S. BROWN. 3, LEECE-STREEr, LIVERPOOL.

POUR PUBLIC LECTURES upon "THE SECOND • COMING OF OUR LORD. and THE APPROACHING • OF THIS DISPENSATION," will be delivered in the Amßranty ROOM, (Conservative Club), Winmarlelgh- street (Opposite Post Office). Warrington. on MONDAY 11VENINGS, OCTOBER 3rd, 10th, 17th, 24th, at 7-45. Doors °Pen at 7-30. Admission free, All are invited to attend.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On Sale, a Mole° Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a Fine Selection of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS. ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIO-A.-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENNINGTON & CO.. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN COINS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63—REN5HAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL-63. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICr NURSING ASSOCIATION.—The ANNUAL MEETING of Use ~,tbove will be held in the COUNCIL CHAMBER at the OWN HALL on MONDAY. OCTOBER 17m. at 4 p.m. All SUBSCRIBEIt4 and friends of the movement are CORDIALLY INVITBD.

LT. EDWARD'S CATHOLIC CHURCH, RUNCORN.

To all Parties Commencing Business.—Where to Purchase at the Right Price.—G ROC lIRS' FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers Complete Outfit, Tobacconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; a male n- did selection te choose from; inspection invited ; estim at es free.—BDIVARO3 AND CO., 108, Whiteohapel, Liverpool.

THE ANNUAL SERMONS WELL BE PREACHED BY ' THE VERY REV. CANON CRAIG (CREwE). SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23a0, 1898. Oftertories in alt of St. Edward's Day Schools.

jjiA— £4OO wnrth Confectioner's GLASSHS. latest shapes ; 5 Ovens, 40 Marble Tables 600 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—BDwAnas, 108, whit,cbapel, Liverpool.

W ARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. PRESIDENT : J. CHARLTON PARR, ESQ., CONDUCTOR: MR. PRANK H. CROSSLRY. Season 1898-93. n„nuring the forthcoming Benson, THREE SUBSCRIPTION 'uNCERTS will be given in the Parr Hall besides the usual extra Christmas performance of " The Messiah" on the following data : I"Drilzenay, soy. 9T7r, 1899. HAYDN'S " CREATION " sem-, (Parts I. and II.) and Miscellaneous Second Part. DR°. 17TH, 1893. HANDEL'S •• MESSIAH.' (Extra Concert at Popular Prices). WM:mit/MAY. Fan. BTH, 1898. MISCHLLANBOUS CON- ... CERT (including Stanford's " Revenge.") WKDREADar, Bianca nen, 18119. fiIiNDRILSSOHN'S " ST. PAUL." Artistes already engaged :—Miss AMY SHERWIN. Hr LAURA HAWORTH, bliss 71JANITA JONES all r WILLIAM GREEN, Mr. SAMUEL MASTERS, Mr.' A,NDREW BLACK, Mr. CHARLES PHILLIPS, Mr. I.E.LoCIL PIERPOINT, The TROMBONE QUARTET. ~.13essrs, GREENWOOD, LLOYD, JACKSON, and °LOWELL), C. T. REYNOLDS, MUS. DOO. (Solo Organ), 411(1 Madame ELLA. RUSSELL. "Tagements vrith other lirsbulass artistes are pending. as of Subscription t., the series of three Concerts as 011/1 (exclusive of the ' Messiah on Deesmber 17th, " 1828) _ Reserved Dress Seats (Body of Hall). 15s. Reserved Centre Gallery and Second Reserved Seats (Body Hall), 7s. 6d. Reserved Side Galleries, ss. /'rioes of Admission to non-subs2rlbars, se., 45.,3a., Is. 6d ls, W. E. ATKIN, Hon. Sec. 22. Bold-street, Warrincton, 15th October, 1898.

A DI ERIC AN Ice Cream FREEZERS.-1,000 sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of Ice Glasses.—EDW &ADS AND Co., 108, White- chapel, Liverpool. SHOOTING SEA.SON. AMMUNITION and every REQUISITE UP TO DATE T. STENSBY, GUNMAKAR, 20, HANGING DITCEI MANCHESTER. Established 1810.

LON G W ORTH, PAPER MERCHANT. CHEAPEST IN THE TRADE. SPECIALITIES : Parchments, Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, Cap Papera, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to AND 6, OAK STREET. THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO WORKING/51EL FROM 2s. EACEI. 3,000 OVERCOATS. Must be cleared at once. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. HUGHES BROTHERS. Pawnbrokers, Jewellers, Cl. thiers, and Tool Factors, 116 to 120, BILOWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5,171.

CEtURCII OF ENGLAND SOCIETY, FOR LTvt.r.,tOVICING HOMES FOR WAIFS AND STRATS.— " POT DIOCESE. To BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. The above Society is prepared to RECEIVE TENDERS, for the whole of the work required in the erection of the uADSTOCK LOCKETT HOME for CRIPPLED UILIJ at Churchtown, Southport. Bills of quantities "11l be supplied to Contractors on their sending their names addresses along with a deposit of three guineas to Messrs. 0. Examen AND SON, Architects, 22. Sir Thomas Street, ilverpool, on or before WEDNESDAY the 19th OCTOBER, ,eB. The plans and specifications may be seen at the tchitects Offices. The deposit wilt be returned only on re- : Net of a bonafide Tender. ThA Bills and quantities to be returned by the unsuccessful o 1.• ptractors after the removal of their prices. The Society does not bind itself to accept the lowest or any tender. GEORGE W. NORRIS, Hon. Secretary, 19, COPOIDerC9 Chambers. Lord Street, Liverpool.

fOBACCO, CIGARS, kJIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-ST, MANCHBSTBR. •tablished 65 Tears.

THAT , IDEA OF TOM. WHY NOT PROTECT IT AT A LOW COST? J• A. COUBROUGH, REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Quid. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGE'S CRESCENT. LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE is Hereby Given, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the EpUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the COURT °USE, RNUTSFORD, in and for the said County, en 14,°Nney, the 17th day of October next, at half-past ,everi,o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury l be empannelled. he hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds Bucklow Macclesfield, and Nsrthwich, forming the tar-Inteford District, and the trials of all prisoners corn- tinted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Ses- bni• The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford eict must be in attendance at the Court House, trtttl‘tsford, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the day of October, at half-past Eleven o'clock in the .renoon. COURT will be Adjourned to the Castle of ti ester, on THURSDAY, the 20th day of October next, at Ven O'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand atirs? 'will be empanaelled. The hearing of all Appeals 'ng within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, 4ntwi the t 13, and Wirral, forming the Chester District,and tAls of all prisoners committed from the last-men- esB9 Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned bi5t19,145. The Hundreds, and Petty Juries for the Chester at orl'et must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, 00, g oPonin f the Court on THURSDAY. the 20th day nt4ber next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTIS, el, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. ,28th september, 1893.

W. B. SWEETMAN'S HAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WEAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE Es. 6d. PER BOTTLE. RANELAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

• UOUND THE RIGHT PLACE ro BUY FISHING TACKLB.-400 Worms in Bag and Moss, sd; Hooks to Gut, 6d and 8d per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to Is 6d per dozen; Gut Casts, three yard/420,4d, 6d, and 9d each ; Gut Botto me With one hook attached, one yard 2d. two yards 4d, three yards 6d ; Floats, two for Id ;porcupines, Id each; gentles in stock at 3d, 6d, and is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25. MARKET-PLACE, MANCHESTER. (Ye Olde Fishing Tackle Shoppe).

TEETII.-A COMPLETE SET, 21s. Single Tooth 2s. 6d. 10 years' warranty. SAM WOODS, Req., M.P., says in his testimon at "They are a perfect elt, exceeding comfortable, and ate credit to yen." H. W. GRIFFIN Attends Warrington. 35, EMMY-SERB/IT. WEDNESDAYS AND FRIDAYS

Tail MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT,

ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. 8. PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montreal...oot. 20th B.s. LAURENTIAN, for Quebec and Montreal...oet. 27th as. CALIFORNIAN for Quebec and Montreal... Nov. 3rd Saloon Fares from £l2, 2nd Cabin £7, Steerage £5 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, :maps, rates, and fall particulars free on application to ALLAN BROTHERS & CO., 19, Tames at.. Liverpool; or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-st., Warrington

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. r.v.11 LIVERPOOL to NEW YOB% via Queenstown. BRITANNIC Wed., Oct. 19 CYMRIC Wed., Oct. 21. Second Cabin will be carried on tno voyage maraca thus Third Class passage at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. Apply to Doctor. Imam and Co., Liverpool and EC Leadenhall street. London 8.C..

• ir IVERPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling at GENIiNOCK, weather and eirotam- -r stances permitting • OWL AND BEAR Or other Steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen oecurrence). OCTOBER. PROM LIVERPOOL PROM GLASGOW Clarence Dock and by train from Central South-West Side. Station, Glasgow to Greenock at 5.21 p in. Monday 10th, 6 p in Wednesday 12th, 2 p in Friday 14th, 9 pm Monday 17th. 2 pin Wednesday 19th. 12 noon Friday 21st, 2pm Monday 24th, 6 p in Wednesday 26th, 2 p in Friday 2Sth, 9 p m Monday 31st, 2 p in ORDINARY FARM—Cabin (single), 103. ; return (available for two months), 155. ; steerage, (single) 53. ; SPECIAL FIRES :—Cabln return (available for ten days), 12s 6d. ; Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through bookings in connection with Cheshire Lines between Warrington, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Re- turn tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steamers.—Apply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, O. MACIVER & CO., Managers, Albert Square, Manchester. and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW La. YORK. direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL NEW YORK and PHILADELPHIA. every WED !IBS DAY. JOHN WALKER AN I) NjO ' .1 1,16 " EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR ADELAIDE, ME LBOULNE and SYDNEY STBAMID.S from LIVERPOOL. WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA • CHINA, JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND al.ould tak Ddlialta theLOWEST RATES at JOHN 11V AUER AND k_.so.,

'WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. AWARD OF GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WM. WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER, AND GENERAL DECORATOR. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AND HOT WATER SUPPLIES Pitted up on the Latest and Most Approved Principle.. Estimates on Application. 181 PARk PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

ONE THIRD OF YOUR LIFE Is SPENT IN BED. SLEEP :ON ,OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 35/-1 WOOL BEDS, 10/91 PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTRESSS, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES, 12/9 100 FEATHER PILLOWS AT 28. 6n. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GUARANTEED SWEET, CLEAN, AND FIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG BEDSTEADS. 13s, 11D.WIRE MATTRESS, 9s. 91). BASSINETTES AND MAILCARTS PROM 255• Note the Address ,-- LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

CV) c_l TAM OHANTER AND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED BY THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD, AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are' undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated " Lockfast " Pneumatic tyre and rim. Simplest ill the world to detach. Chief Depats and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone No. 7090. W. ROUND sAUNDERSON, District Manager. Established 1859. Sole Agent for Warrington : MR. A. STAN WAY, 37. Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runcorn: MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BECK, Ironmongers.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. EiToPriNG AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs In CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUITERAARKET-STREET. WARRINGTON.

DUTTON AND COLYER, LITE DUTTON &ND CO. IRONLONGERS and AGRICULTURAL INPLEMENT AGENTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descliptiong of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMErTS on VIEW.

S•P.Q•R• SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY!! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTIO NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS SPEEDY, SAFE, SECURE When in doubt, take a Baird's Pill. Price Is. lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agents). at the Reduced Price of 9icl. BoAre, CASH CIIRMIsTS (WESTERN), LTD., PROPRIETORS. HEAD OrPIOE—NOTTINGRAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses: 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, AC.

EADE'S P E piLLs. All who suffer from Gout or ADWS Rheumatism should immediately EADR'S pus. have recourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADE's pus, been received from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to Eanws pILLs. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the yes v EADWS pus. worst cases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE, AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT " 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd. 1894. RHEUMATISM "DAar Sir,—lt is withunbounded pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT praise of your most excellent Pills. It is six years since I first had RHBUMATI 13,1 l Rheumatic Gout. and I had three months in bed with it. of course GOUT I had the doctor, and be sweated me down almost to a skeleton. R HEUMATISId The next spring I had another attack, and was persuaded by a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented It HE UMATISM my being laid up again. Ever since, when I have nal the least GP" pain I have taken 2 more Pills and I have been all right again RUH UMATI SRI directly. I WOULD NOT Bh WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST ONE POUND A BOTTLE. R HEUMATISM You are quite at liberty to make what use you llk of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMA TISK n,e (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists' in Bottles, le. ltd. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE. 72, GoewELL-noln. E.C. Ask for and be sure you. obtain RADE'S GOUT AND rtHEU- MATIO PILLS. EADE S PILL'S

LOOK TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS THE WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken cords have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. ADDRESS: T. COOKE, YORK.

UMBRELLAS 1 UMBRELLAS THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE IFOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED U way AN ROUE FRon! 3s. 6D. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

At from 3i PER £150,000 CRNT te be ADVANCED on MORTGA.GE in SUMS to suit BORROWERS la any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READER, 6, Cook-st., Liverpool, Telephone 5,182.

NO PRELIMINARY rbES CHARGED. VrONRY LENT PAIIVATELY TO FARMERS, 11l TRADESMEN, LODGING-ROUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, in sums of £lO up to P. 500. CI ON BORROWERS OWN PROMISSORY NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged, Repayment& arranged to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OF SALE TAICEN Mans to EORGE PAYNE, Aocoun- trEet chester. seetrtrim, Nianblished 1870. taut, Apply2o. or wearniteedy for-s

- CITY AND COUNTY BANK. 10, CORPORATIONSTRRRT. MANCHESIBE. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory Note. Pay instalments, Or in One i.`ile by tit sum at a fixed period at reasonable rates of interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, RPversions.and Life Policies. No preliminarr fees charged.--Apply to MR. RICHARD WOOD, Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. JOHN GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers. Working-men, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. aIONRY TO INCRICASIi YOUR STOCK, MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. mosny TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, wlthOut delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written premise to pay back. Apply at VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. WARRINGTON at my Resident*, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention. Loans In sums of £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £BO and upwards.

UN I 0 N CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5.000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares. le., at the following scale of charges : £lO repayable 65. weekly—Entire interest 14s, 91. £5O „ 201. „ ~ £3 Bs. 6d. £lOO „ 40s. SP £8 16e, Od, Any other Bum at Preportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application,' RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit Recounts opened. Interest allowed from 211, to 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

BUSINESS IS BUSINESS and it is very UNBUSINESSLIKEto ruin or jeopardise your BUSINESS for want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difticult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS lines ' is the only genuine way of doing BUSINESS. MR. AV. STEWART, 21 COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER, Has large invested funds and will advance sums to re- sponsible Persons from £lO to £lOOO on proper BUSINESS terms at reasonable interest and easy repayments. Advancsis also ma Morgages and Reversions. This is BUSINESS I STRICT ii PRIVATE GENUINE t 1 Personal calls or letters receive prompt attention.

• _ ---• . - FI EL DIN G'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTMENT AND DISCOUNT Co. (Established over 50 years. ' LOANS £3 TO 50()• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others. with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, 1 Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. ' £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. I £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. ,t 2/8 £2O „ 10/- „ £lO „ bi- .. I £25 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Saturday 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent for FIBLDING'3 LIMITED, 121, MERSEY-STREET. WARRINGTON NOTE.—NO—PR-EtIMINARY FEES— MONEY—Absolutely without Bill of Sale, Publicity, or , Fees. from one month to five years. TH E NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, J. COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, CROSS-STREET, Established 1872. MANCHESTER. Capital, £200,000. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank does not charge rettliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objections] Loan Office routine is entirely dispensed with. Apply in strictest confldnce to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, Resident Manager, NOTE.—SPROIALLY RADVANTAGEOUS TERMS for LOANS on LIFE INSUGAECE POLICIES. REVERSION and SECOND MORTGAGES. NOTE.—NO PRELIMINARY FEES.

TYNDER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON YOB GOOD BOOTS.

"A WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoronghly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALLMARKED CASES, well finished and especially adapted to fit Rat in the pocket, "FOR FIF fY SHILLINGS." This wat chic timedto a minnte, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass. at same price, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED , CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. NB. Sent twit-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, in receipt of P. 0.0.

GEDDE.S, DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public'. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each.' Wholesale by a.: GEDDES AND SON. WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833

WILLIAM L INDOP, Miniature Manufacturer of BILLIARD BILLIARD BOWLING and ' BALLS, GREEN BAGATELLE and dealer in all BOWLS, BOARDS. BILLIARD and Playing Cards, ACCESSORIES. all kinds of Dominoes, GAMES Chess, Draughts, Tables Recovered Fon Percuira, Quoits, and Repaired. CLune, Puff and Darts, at PUBLICS. Skittles, &c. Estimates given. 38, SHIIDEDILL, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED NEARLY FIFTY YEARS.

CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED, MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS. y AUTUMN r ASHIONS. NOVELTIES IN BLACK AND COLOURED DRESS FABRICS. BLACK DEPARTMENT. New Mercerised Fabrics, in all the newest designs and raised patterns, Is 84, 18 lld, Is 64, 28 Ilid, 38 3d, 3s 64 per yard. All-wool Poplins, everlasting, Is 40, Is 94, Is lid, 2s 64, Is ild. 38 64 per yard. Grand Range Black Alpacas, very weighty and beautifully bright, Is, Is 60, Is 1114, 28 64, 231114, 3s lid per yard. All-wool Everlasting Black Coating and Estamene Serge, guaranteed fast dye, Is, Is 43/4d, Is 94, 28, 2s 6d, 38 64 per yard. SPLENDID ASSORTMENT DIP MOURNING CLOTHS. MOURNING OUTFITS ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE. COLOURED DEPARTMENT. All-wool Repps, Bengalines, and Poplins, in new autumn Shades, Is 614, Is Did, and 25 llfd, per yard. New Fancy " Boucles," coloured ground, with black figures, in latest designs, is 6,14,18 Hid, and Is 34 per yard. Blouse Checks and Tartans, new designs. Is aid to Is Hid per yard New Habit Cloths, for Coats and Skirts, 52 Inches wide (very smart), 28 Ilid to 3s 94 per yard. All-wool Everlasting Blue Coating and Estamene Serge, guaranteed fast dye, Is, Is 40, le 9d, 2s, Is 64. and Is lid per yard. ALL NEW AND FASHIONABLE DESIGNS AND COLOURS. FUR NECKLETS, with the New Bow, in Grebe 5s 114 Chinchilla ......10s 64, and 21s. Marmot Sable 6s lid Real Mink 398, ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES, Lined Broche Silk 13s 114, 218, 298 64, 395, 495. FU NERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY. WE CLOSE ON WEDNESDAYS AT ONE O'CLOCK. CROSBY AND WALKER, LIMITED, 82, 84, 86, AND 88, OLDHAM. STREET, MANCHESTER.

RAIN! RAIN RAIN! • Fon NEW MACKINTOSHES, STYLISH MACKINTOSHES, CHEAP MACKINTOSHES, GOOD. CRAVENETTE CLOANO GO TO LORD BROS' 1281 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to Fla, TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCE AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Established 1864.

PETER COTTON. ROPE AND TWINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Camas, Stack-comers, Netting Curled-hair, OR Sheets, Ac., Act. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, Ac., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WINWICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, FLOUR, CORN AND ;PROVISION DEALER, LEGH-STREET, EARLESTOWN. BEST BREAD, FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESHIRE CHEESE.

THOMAS WRIGHT, FIRE AND THIEF-RESISTING, WROUGHT IRON AND STEEL OAFE MAKER, 35, WEST-STREET, OFF WINWICK-ROAD, WARRINGTOff. Estimates given. Enquiries invited.

BRE WARD AND BAILEY. CHINA MERCHANTS, SHOP AND RESIDENCE 45, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Assorted Crates always on hand for Shopkeepers.

THE WARRINGTON SLATB, NUO., LB DINORWIEI AND PE NRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS, COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., W. AGENTS FOR ACKERS, WHITLEY CO., LD., BICKERSIIAW t COLLIERIES. HEAD OFFICE: Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, } Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. Warrington.

DON'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—USE There Is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One lozenge alone gives relief; can be taken by the most delicate. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES, KEATING's COUGH LOZENGES, if you cannot sleep for coughing, one Keatlng's Lozenge will Bet you right. Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. TITTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. Sold everywhere In Una 130. each. or free on receipt of stamps. from THOMAS KEATING-, Chemist, London.

ACCIDENT ASSURANCE, ACCIDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE O. ESTABLISHED 1849. CLAIMS PAID £3,851,000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester Office : 64, Cross Street. AGENTS, Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr, W.H. RlGBEY,Nessciiffe. Victoria-rd.,Latchford St, Helene Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardsbaw-street Knutsford Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTEE Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

evration. IVY HOUSE, WOORI3, Newcastle, Staffs.—BOARDING SCHOOL for girls. Head Mistress : Miss Richardson. Terms moderate. Next term begins, Monday September 9th.

MISS EDITH BIRCHALL. for four Tears at the Royal Manchester College of Music, and recommended by Mon.. Specimen. receive, PUPILS for VIOLIN, PIANO. SINGING, and HA.RMOICY.—Homor Lopez, Froghall lane, Warrington. WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LB-PYLDR. 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident English and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Priacipal.—MlBB ROEIERBOR. Governess- Pupil wanted.

A RCHBISHOP HOLUATE'S SCHOOL, YORK.—Splen XI did accommodation for boarders ; refurnished ; perfect Sanitation. Increase of numbers 212 per cent. In 2i years. Illustrated Prospectus and lists et the Head Master.—Next Term Sept. 14.—Rev. W. JOHNSON, B.&

MH. THOMAS LANE, Organist and Choir-master of Walton Church, member of the Incorporated Society of Musicians, receives and visits pupils for PIANO, VIOLIN- and SINGING; also for Theory of Music, Harmony,oouster point, &0.-42, lillesmere-road, Stockton Heath, Warringto n

IE2, MARKET STAHEL EARLESTOWN, MISS L. BAILEY, T.C.L. PRIZE Winner and Senior Honours for Pianoforte and Singing, Ste., of Trinity College, London, Gained 14 Certificates of various Colleges of Music, Solicits Pupils for Pianoforte, Mandoline, Singing, Harmony, Theory, &c. Pupils prepared for Trinity College and other Examinations. TERMS MODERATE.

GREAT SAVING IN INCANDESCENT MANTLES LIGHT! LIGHT ! I LIGHT !! ! All those who use Incandescent Mantles can now avoid the frequent Breaking, Splitting, and Decay of the Mantle Welsbach. The Brilliancy is increased and Flexibility and Strength given to these Mantles, so that they can be handled freely. THE MOST MARTELLOUS DISCOVERY OF THE AGE IN CHEMICALS AND COSTS ONE SHILLING PER BOTTLE. SUFFICIENT FOR A LARGE QUANTITY OF MANTLES. Agents in all the principal towns of Great Britain and Ireland. LIST OF SOLE AGENTS MAILED FREE. There is no necessity to Chimney, or Mantle when applying the chemicals. r Warrington and District : rsemoleovAegßenartnfeor MR. JOSEPH S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, BRIDGE•STREET, WARRINGTON. PLUMBERS, GLAZIERS, SANITARY ENGINEERS, &c. w HOLESALE DEPOT for the United Kingdom: A. F. GARDNER, Manchester Chambers, Market-street, Manchester. None genuine without the Patent Number 29,114.

,pitt.V., "...,:417441...': ...4,!2... .A.. 17.-0 1 .011-1,-Vr Three Gold - Chomanmsnlebirising",.,/e-r-fwg,AOLtrahs , • z. Medala N 4 - CA rw2 Sri Ai, LS ,it n. ...„.48 Awarded W.„l, - ,1 x•A 1,1 x... , r,__ 4 '7'-' ; 4 ta 419 in - 45444.‘t UI P. , Your . CA:INOT B: BOUG:IT IN A SHOP, \.. li.• .-.—, ,\ . Money , .;., '.- Clt,-1,..-4, but are promptly sent CY PARCEL ' 5' POST, vliety packed, DI ReCT FROM Vs '.` 24 ''' ° O. /V.'-':'" ' . saved ::,-,,--...4.....„ ~....„,,,,,,A. Tri - L:Ii4GZ :7' FIR.tI of Cos- „,,4 i Tu Ai: I,RS ia the WORLD. Ay ~,•--; 5 by *-;•\: • "IT "tEAIS WILV, 3 for 'ne " f. ,- -4 : :•,., .. ,s. •p, , • s, •,.....t,.1 .s :,, mum... at A •,t, • .7.. gl, ordering .„%`. et 'N's, V,....., a tatioga during the past N 1 :, quarter ceittury many firma r:- . N.‘' - -,.. have tried to imstate them.i.one i;).k from , ,::`, s hare tmeeeetled in producini a ,4".• , " ~,,.... :„,,,_____ ..-4.... gal itrt a. aboid tiles.. price .46:1,..1irk5,„.V., . all wort•.y to rsnk '246%\‘, JOHN whim; was a in the same etas.. . ..I, Ise. 1.1. -G....A - ~,..-.... -..•--$4,.. COSTrINg." %iv Si A \ " 6' NOBLE .pr,5\....,,t,,,,:..i.e.,•,-_, , tt:priied Jo the fol'owing two , iry".,),,::::•-osk"ov.. gond durolile i letlis:—.!.--)01411 l'''.- '''S' 'i:a'a.., ••,.\.'s -,,‘,k,.c,... 4*. ...no ; .:;,..??,s. „ .& 4:, . ;le -f-ilifr;fl ~..,,,,\ -, 4 ~.ii,.. I°Lh...;4aild!, l'f,,i'e? A:. 4,:-,1 ~, ••• ~,,...., ...„..,,, „. , . i1i.„7:,/,4 !is ~:-.,,,..,-.....„1„:N.1 s,. -1. ::,„.*, .: : 'tk'4•N''-',..,';z #.," tifo %1- , ti.,.. •,. k,-;>o., •&.=',•:.,,./, *:4..,:s:itrilta 1 r',..; ~..;i I;tistal;y List x• . ',Ns; I. \ ‘ .... ', ' iitiN‘'l ''',4 '7 ':‘:11 f"ALFadil-"C"ldECtirl'E'iinSTO. of '.; \I.. .\ \ ':- it:4,,V^,,4l'4N‘*: 'l' ;:i: eiti igr1V1(.3."..4;i2e IT /it • :.- ‘-' \\* • ' t 4, ,4-,),tf „w" e ' - • s, ~., lEROEI. 378—A new design with well ,= i :.- ,-1.-• N , ' . . 1 ..., •::&::.. ' '' * . ''N*,-.3.,.'`‘.• , 1-- cut iccodtce,trlmmed fancy braid and a S.= fulliterile -.. • , . . , ' ....,,,,-,4„,•.: ~ 1 \* scrimp Co nn 0 C rriage 6d. - ••••) • 4-,--i''... ''',. ...,,,,, ~,'4 . - I ..Vci LaP.,rettehdetptutleß/6i6. • . , ....c.-W,. '''' '- . "Iffits. The Sk i•t alone for 5'6. Carriage sd. A rows. OF ALL CASTOMEB are MOM 954,—An exceedingly well made and t.., , . I .:. ' Black, Awry, Brown, duny Myrtle, smartly finished Chesterfield Coat and a tulll "" ri/f,it, .•V. , EggN t•reY.Mos..k awn, Eurpleand'Electric. width nkirt in the in/e latest stvle. Price, Costume IkV 1.4 10/0. Carr:ne Cl.. r'''fi 4- 64e- THE THREE STOCK SIZES are 34, 36, ' ale. for 5/6. Carriage .51. 1 ,tril ii:', S;',IL i TO 33,d5. round butd(do der arm.); Skirts ill 888E8g ...seated and desoat,hedl A iii 1 ,I' ,‘ bAe,t,ryig .;1:12. ag %IT. te..iiiiitpfrito tES VIS MASEI ", ,14.40* - MOTHERS. MEASURE, VS EITRA. .my kiod of lli ia THE. JOHN MULE 1910CUIOUT 'HICBLELd MGRS. An ideal School or o iday !IMMO 'We F 9 rfa.nt for Girls.2llo.l/6,24111.21-a7io. ,1 all kinds of I" 2/0.::Oin 3/-,B3in. 3/6, 361 n. 4/- attn. 4/6, • lent to select! - -_ ..2;.) .5/...each.Car.4rI.ex.WILLISNITTED I rietL 4,4PS.vphed in a a she ea at 4- itch. Lad: ea' "- ,pa, well knitted at the same price If-.

Bankers: "LOXDON a MIDLAND" BANN, LTD. Kindly name this newsprper when writing to JOHN EMILF, LTP, 5:17,17F:T MANNESTER

G 724'17-17-7 -1,1141 a -- 14.tikilf t ; TrIVI noted ENIIINE ITALIAN MANDOLINES, (Z,OOK Makers at grently reduced Prices Mnermetl, se Also BANJOS. GITITARS, VIOLINS, Bcc' ARCHER AND SONS, , 45-49, LORD-STREBT, LIVBRPOO"' Mstabilsked 1848 Telephone 611 t

DR A_UG lITS. ......____ RI elrarnu-lielti ms must be addressed to the Draughts Editor, " Warrington Examiner." Bewsay-street, and must reach tho °Size not later than Tuesday Morain, The Drauzhts Sditor will be pleased to receive problems from loiai players, and will, as far as possible, answer in this column all enqalries]. n ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. v'g*. RIGBY, PADGATE : Your solution to problem 00. 2 quite correct. A. W. LAWSON, W ARRINGTON : Your solution to Problem NJ. 2 quite correct. SOLUTION TO PROBLEM NO. 2. [By Mr. J. GRISVS, Warrington]. Black MeR on 4, 12, and 20 ; King on 29. White men on 8, 15, 27 and 30. White to play and win. 15-11 20-24 23-18 15— 8 12-16 . ~ 4307--2.5 22-15 3-28 27-23 2g-22 8— 3 White Wins. PROBLEM. NO. 3. [By the DRAUGHTS HDITOR]. . I . , */ v y 4) -" 4 4 v l. r ; 0 I A , 0 , ~.;,7•0 , A /, /•/ /,',' 6 /I Ix 1•z c'il Y•A ;; iv ~,„ ii, 4 ,„ NA ~ 1•.7,4. ~2,: ii , 1 1,4 , j Icj 1 _•,l . , ~ /.. /„. , r x , 6•, . , _ .„, ,0A 1 r... -

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1898. 1 SOCIALIST LECTURE BY MR. F. 1 BROCKLEH CJ RS r. TO THE DEAF. WE BEG TO INFORM OUR READERS THAT A SPECIMEN COPY OF THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE DEAF, WHICH IS NOW ENLARGED TO EIGHT PAGES, AND ILLUSTRATED, IS FORWARDED FREE TO EVERY ONE WHO APPLIES FOR IT. This important medical publication deals with complaints of the Ear, Larynx, Throat, and Nose, and fully explains the rational and scientific mode of treatment employed by the Drouet Institute for the cure of such complaints. It also gives particulars of a large number of remarkable cures which have been effected in long-standing cases of a serious nature. The persual of THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE DEAF will prove of the greatest interest to thoee suffering from Deafness and affections of the larynx, throat, and nose, and it will also be consolatory to sufferers who have hitherto despaired of that relief which the Monet system of treatment now offers. ADDRESS THE MANAGER, THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE DEAF, 72, REGENT'S PARK ROAD, LONDON, N.W.

it partintnto, Sr eurnfOrb ifouscel.

COMFORVABLB HOME from home, near brine baths good sea view, cooking and attendance, moderate terms winter months; would take charge of child needing change. —Bensar, Rounghay Lodge, aaltburn.

26, --COUNTRY APPOINTMENT, permanent, easily e).. producing £3 week. Address fully,with stamped envelope to MArtwoon, 46 Octavia-street, Battersea Park, S. W,, a

I AWES or (INNTLNSI hN are offered constant easy home 14 work. Materials provided. Fair pay ; experience unnecessary. Stamped envelopes.—AGENT (52 Department) 160, New Kings-road, Fulham, London, S.W.

WOOD CARVING.—Mrs. C. J. Eliot, International Silver Medallist,patronised by Her Majesty the Queen and Princess Louise (Marchioness of Lorne) has a vacancy for a Young Lady as Apprentice, to live in the Vicar- age. Moderate premium. Address WELLESBOURNE VicAlucir Warwick. SANITARY INSPECTOBSHIPS.—SaIaries £lOO to £250; numerous vacancies ; permanent appointments; Special Postal Course of Lessons now commencing for coming exams; previous experience unnecessary ; ladies eligible : over 200 successful candidates—Apply ROBERT IldusaENs, Science Te-..cher, Sunderland.

CIVIL SERVICE. VALUABLE GOVERNMENT APPOINTMENTS OPEN TO ALL. YOUNG HEN, 15-25 ; YOUNG LADIES. 15-20, Pull details in • TUB CIVIL SERVICE GUIDE' post free from SKERRYS COLLEGE, The greatest tutorial institution in the United Kingdom. SEE ITS NINETEEN YEAR'S RECORDS.—" THE MOST BRILLIANT SUCCESS EVER ACHIEVED IN THE HISTORY OF CIVIL SERVICE COACHING." ADDYLESS :-5, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

•, SPECIAL LADIES' AND GENTSI MACHINES, £8 15S, TO Xl.O 10S. NEW ROWE GENTS' CYCLES £1.2 10S NEW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. EXCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES ,tl3 os EXCELSIOR LADIES' CYCLES £l4 OS PREMIER GENTS' CYCLES £1.4 Os PREMIER LADIES CYCLES £l4 O. NEW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10S. NEW RAPID LADIES' CYCLES £l7 10S. SHE, WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. GARLAND, CYCLE FACTOR, 515 53, 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW CARPETS, FURNITURE. REUPHOLSTERING, or REMAKING} of OLD BEDDING, AC. Designs and Patterns Sea, on Application. Note Addrem—CHARLES SOUTHORN & CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 6367.

G. H. & H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, HATE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

FEW SPECIAL LOTS. Splendid Parlour SUITE consist- Payments taken leg of two large Easy Chairs and four small Chairs upholstered in Crimson Plush. Well made only £6 10 Worth double S. OD.

Splendid SIDEBOARD, very Payments taken massive, three large bevelled Plate- Glasses at back; well made and 27 10 cheap at S. on.

We have a Large Stock of Kitchen Payments taken Chain, Pictures, Oil Cloth, Hearth Rugs, Tables, &a. Very cheap.

Large Stock of Bedsteads from Payments taken 15s. 6d, Flock Bed. Bolster, and two Pillows from 10s. 13d. Olean.

We have a capital lot of All Wool Payments taken Blankets 10s 6d; Quilts 3s lid ; Sheets 3s 11 to be seen in the Win- dow, 59, CHURCH-STREET.

Massive Pair of Bronze Payment taken Double HORSES. equal to new very lime workmanship and very hi shly finished. Great bargain, the 253. Pair

Note the Address 59, AND 61, CHURCH-STREET.

9114 E CANADIAN RUBBER SPECIALIST will forward J_ on receipt tf two stamps a price list of rubber appliances of every description. Best quality.—Apply 117, NEWPORT STREET. 1301t.011.

IarLONDIKH, the NEW HLDORAHo.—Pamphlet by IN.. Broadahovel. "How to go, and what to do when there," price ed post free.—Joarmi LONG, 12, B,lle Yuri road, Oinderfard, ulos.

O'BRIEN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushionsare the best and cheapest. Tables Re-Cushioned and Re-Covered.--J, O'BRIEN, GLOBE BILLIARD WORKS, Bridge-street, Manchester.

D BFAIR YOUR OWN MANGLll.—Sycamere ROLL/IRS, lid sizes up to 24 by St, 2s. 9d. each. Finished and bored, seat on approval.-31clicifiqs AND CO, Importers, Grim- shaw-stmt, Bootle. Liverpool.

LIIVIS to 15 per cent can be obtained with safety by invest ing In SHARES of well-proved industrial companies. Explanatory pamphlet free. Address, r. Viiinntaat Cam- TOX, 62. High-street, Croydon.

T BETH—TEETH —Vali!. A LL CLIHNTS received (Wildtowler plunqe)immediately Li. after private trial. Bend stamped address (In strict confidence), extra special intelligence to hand.—Guoitox DALLLY, 4, Nuddigore-road. New Cross, London.

r[lo LADIIIS.—De,FRYB'S Coated Female PILLS (Govern- I. merit sta-uped), never fail, being noted for their strength, a few doses usually being sufficient. Large box sent under cover for 3s Td,—DEFBYE, 2, Burns-road, Hades- den, London. N.W.

QTAGG, Florist, Smithfield Market, Manchester. C. J. A. 7 Funeral Wreaths and Crosses from 3s. Ed. ; Anchors and Harps from 4s. 61.; Bridal Shower Bouquets from 3s. 64. Cash with order.

LIVE FISLI.-7lbs 2s, 101ba Is 61. 131ba 3a, 15Ibs 3a 6d, carriage paid. Dressed for cooking, splendid quality, Prompt delivery ; schools &c, catered for ; lists free.—STAR Punt Co., Pontoon, Grimsby. Quote payer. x

TN THOUSAND PARCBLS.-12 Yards Beautiful Lace, 1 and Silk Lice Fall, 1 Silk and Lace Ooßaratta with 2 Silk Bows and Fancy Buckles, and one is Novel ; carriage paid Is 6d.—W. CarTo's, Weekday Cross, Nottingham.

Tio B SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive J. Works, lately used by the Lancashire I'danure Co., with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. suitable for Chemical or other Works taquiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

CHRISTIKAS PRESENTATION ALMANACS.—Buyers should communicate at once with DILX3 AND Go. (Limited), Nottingham, the Almanac Printers, who have the largest assortment in the trade. Splendid job clearing lines at remarkably low prices. Samples on application or traveller will call.

- - —___ ---- --- A SPLENDID CHANCE for small Investors.—Td secure PI shares in a thoroughly genuine going concern paying over 15 per cent., and shows every promise of increas- ing profits ; no agents.—Apply RECREATION MOTOR CARS, LIMITED, 61, Finsbury Pavement, London. E.C. x

£ll_2 isilecuttivne whualtelogiever • Incept:4l mollify; nothing stamped envelope RYAN% 35. Smith' dohtvettarleeftu, Liverpool. MEDALS WANTED; Military, dated 1848 and earlier, 10s. given.—llicz, 12, Grattan-terrace, DuUin. x

"HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—On the:Laws Govern- ing Life, and the Clauses, Symptoms and Treatment of all Diseases depending on Nervous Debility, Mental and Physical Depress' n. Palpit Awn of the Heart, Noises in the Read and Ear. Sent post free two stamps.--MEssits. BARNES AND C0.,48, Lonsdale-square, Ihornhill-road, London.N.

To THOSE Suffering from Nervous Debility and Exhaus- tion.— New and re,,ised edition. The CONFits SION and EX ?WHENCE of one who suffered for years. An emphatic warning. The means of effective Self-Cure detailed fully. No more quackery or medical imposition. The cure placed within the reach of all. The method is simple yet sure. Copies may be had gratis by sending stamped- addressed envelope to the Author—Anna/a DIXON, Alder- wick-terrace, Hounslow.

SHORTHAND Tuition by Correspondencs, —Hallett's postal Shorthand classes offer unique facilities to beginners. backward students,advanced writers ,ke.,of Pitman's System, particularly to those living in outlying districts. Unequalled postal experience. Success guaranteed. Moderate charges First pupil enrrrled from each town and village admitted at three-quarter fees. Send stamped directed Envelope for prospectus. -F. J. HALLI,TT F.I.P.S. (honours) Shorthand Specialist, Phonographic Institute, Taunton.

DRAWING- INSTRUMENTS, Bards, T and Set Squares. ticales, Tapes, Pencils, Colours arc., *a. English Make. The very latest best and cheapest Just published new Edition of Illustrated Catalogue, post free. A. G. THORNTON. PRACTICAL MANUFACTURER. 66, St. Mary's-street, Manchester.

64 How TO ENSURE HEALTH." —A medical work giv ing Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of- all kiuds of Debility; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. BARNES, 48, Lonsdnie Square, Barnsbury, Lon- don, N.

BALE OF LEASEHOLD HOUSES, OFF BEWSEY-ROAD, WARRINGTON. (Near to the proposed new works). TO CLOSE A. TRUST. MR. R. LOWE is instructed to SELL BY AUCTION at the Blue Bell Inn, Horsemarket-street, Warrington, on Wednesday. the 19th day of October. at six o'clock in the evening, subject to the general conditions of the Blackburn Law Society, and to the special conditions to be then and there produced, ia one lot or such other lots as may be agreed upon at the time of sale, the valuable PLOTS OF LAND, containing 1,555 i aid 522 five-ninths square yards or thereabouts. situate on the West side of Catherine- street. off Bewsey-road. Warrington. together with the 16 DWELLING-HOUSES thereon, being numbers 9to 39 odd numbers. The property as to the plot containing 1555 2-3 Kuare yards is held ou a lease foom the first day of May,lB7s,for a term of 1,000 years, and as to the plot containing 522 five-ninths is held on another lease from the let day of May. 1875, for the term of 1,000 years, except the last ten days of the said reTective terms. and is subject to the low annual chief rents of £l6 4s. Id. and £5 Bs. 9d.. making together £2l 12s. 10d. Gross annual rents, £173 11.5. Each house contains lobby, parlour, kitchen, scullery, three bedrooms, aod large yard. The street and passages our: rounding the property are made and paid for The houses are well and continuously let, are in a good state of repair, and are being sold to close a trust. 1 Further particulars may be obtained from the Auctioneer, No. 1, Bank-street, Warrington (telephone No. 55), or from R. C. NEEDHAM, Solicitor, 18, Richmond-terrace, Blackburn. Telephone. No. 569, Blackburn.

ROBERT LO WE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. 15. Cash advanced on Goods D eposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, warehoused.

QOUTHPORT.—To let, CONFFOTIONBRY BUSINESS. A KJ bargain if taken at once. Will teach buyer the business. 111-healtn cause of leasing—Apply 23, ETERToN-RoAD. Birkdale,

DBAPERY, Dressmaking. and Hosiery ; stock optional; large house ; rent R4O ; god position ; good reasons for leiving,—For particulars apply 81, STANLEY-ROAD, Bootle Liverpool,

T_OOT SHOP.—OLD ESTABLISHED ; Repairs; Stock .1-1 and Fixtures cheap; prove trade; rare opportunity ; family reasons. Stock optional.-87, Ts.rroe-axaeET,Salford, Manchester.

QOUTHPOR2.—BOOK AND MUSIC BUSINESS, estab- IJ lished 12 yea's, for cash, about £2OO ; satisfactory reasons given for disposal ; rare opportunity.—Apply The A.D. C., 31, YORKSHIRE-STREET, ROOkldale.

, HUDDERSFIELD s— COBDEN HOTEL.—Visitors find good accommodation; well-aired Beds, Is., ls. 6d., 2s. ; Board and Residence El per week.

LONDON, HOTEL ALEXANDER, Vauxhall Bridge-road, S.W., oldest largest, best private Hotel, close to Royal Palaces, 2 minutes from Victoila Stations, moderate charges, night porter; en pension. Telegrams. "Ekaboron, London. x

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPBRANCH HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATIC HILL, ALSO AT 70 71, HUSTON SQUABS. HOME COALSORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUIIINEdS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

QOUTHPORT.—SUNNYSIDR HYDRO, Physician Dr. BARNADO. dimmer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; fine Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. B06)0001C, Proprietor.,

jflathinerji,'etc. • 9HAY CHOPPING MACHINES by Richmond; Smart 4:.1 Honest Cob 13 hands 5 years, £9. Also 6 Sets of New Harness from 50s. per set—l, LIMEBANK-STREET, Ashton Old-road, Ardwick, Manchester. QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, IMITED (late Ormerod Grierson, and Co. Limited), Huime. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of angineering Work promptly. Catalogueof wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

_ NTOFT OFF IC 1 MANCHESTER, BSTA.BLISHED IN 1835. Mem GEORGE! DAVIEB SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. ment, and possess praetiaalknowledgeof the cotton, woollen, and Iron manufactory. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price 84. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.11., & BON, F.1.P.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE AT PITTS'S, LONDON-ItOAD, MANCIIIISTER, (Just past Station, through Railway Arch). THOUSANDS OF POUNDS WORTH BEING CLEARED OUT, TOTALLY IRRESPECTIVE OF PROFI r. DITTS'S GREAT ANNIVERSARY SALE, now on. is 1 creating quite a Beneath:la throughout the Furnishing Trade, as never before have such INHSTINCABLE ADFAN- TAGHS been offered ; and no: only are the general public in hundreds from far and near patronising Pitts's, but also the elite of the district to such an extent as to cause grave dis- satisfaction amongst less favoured competitors. But who can wonder at the MARVELLOUS SUCCESS of the Sale considering that Pitts's have marked down their immense stock, entirely obliterating profit, thus enabling purchasers in many cave to SAVE from 25 to 50 per cent.? Comparison will demonstrate the INCONTROVERTIBLE FACT that Pitts's are now offering New Suites, for instance, at sixteen or seventeen guineas each, exactly similar to those displayed as bargains in city show windows at 25 to 30 guineas each. game design, wood, workmanship, finish, mountings, ao.. in fact, everything identically the same except that Pitts's price ill little more than half, and a still GREATER SAVING is shown in the Second-hand Department, where Pitts's price is only about a third of original cost. The veracity of these statements, on which Pitts'e stake their half century reputation as the LARGEST, BEST, AND CHEAPEST GENERAL FURNISHERS. Can be easily tested by inspection. DITTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i, 22i. 28i, W. 53, 75, NO, up to 1,500 gnineas will daring this Great Sale be amended and improved by the Inclusion of more artic:es of much better quality. On inspec- tion these will be found to far turDass and excel in point of 'artistic effect, comfort and durability anything now or ever I offered by would-ke competitors. It is, therefore, the BOUND lIN DUTY of every judleMeis person to obtain full particul+rs, which are sent free on application,

ITTs's DINING-ROOM FURNITURB.—Best selectlon. Splendid value. Astounding display, Suites in Morocco, Saddlebag,. Velrets, ; Sideboards, Dining Tables. Hundreds to select from at from 6to 60 guineas.

PITTS'S DRAVVING.SOO3I FURNITURS--Chippendale, Sheraton, and all lending designs, upholstered in ev ell conceivable variety of Genoa and frieze velvets, brocatelle. cotelaine, atlas, do. 2dagniticent Cabinets, Orermantels, Wino, Card, and Occasional Tables in endless variety at vary low prices.

PITTS'S BEDROOM FLTHNITURB.—Suites. solid wood throughout, in satin walnut. American walnut, Spanish mahogany, and all fashionable woods ; Sedaioada, Spring and Wool Mattresses, Bedding, Drapery, Toilet Wareote., in countless numbers. No relsonable offer refused.

PITTS'S BEDSTBAD DISPLAY In Show Windows, 251 feet long, undoubtedly eclipse all others. Previous to. the Bedstead li.fanufacturers' Association's recent 10 per cent. advance Pitts's placed contracts for nearly £1,030 Bedsteads, consequently Pitts's customers are now getting the benefit of this bold stroke,

liITTS'S CARPETS and FLOOR COVIRIN49.—AII British made. Fitted free. Largest. best, and cheap- est stook• Astounding value. Grand display. Worth inspection.

pITTS'S PIANOS, by Erard, Collard, Kirkham, Brinemead 4c*, now being cleared out totally irrespective of prod t. Unprecedented opportunity. Guaranteed great savin4. Cash or Easy Payments. Delivered first inet‘lment.

Durs's OPPIOR AND LIBRARY FURNITURE.— Every Description of Bookcases, Secretalres, Desks. !Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses at about half City Prices.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectuac HOOPING COUGH cure without tnternal TTOOPING COUGH medicines. Of all Chemists pric TTOOPING COUGH 4s. per bottl e. Sol Wholesale Agents BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157 Queen Victoria Street CROUP London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

Telephcne No. 55. e ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, egs to announce that he has removed his Offices to the mu convenient premises NO. 1, BANK STREET, The Ground Floor of the Central Sale Rooms.

2 GALLONS FOR 4ko. Many People suffer from extreme thirst during the summer. Messrs. Foster Clark and Co. with their EIFFEL TOWEE LniONADE have supplied a want that has so long been felt. EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE is made from the finest lemons, and the great advantage is that it is partly manufactured in Italy, in the midst of the lemon orchards. The lemons are taken direct from the WI es to the factory to commence their transforma- tion Into the EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE. You cat. get thirty-two tumblers (or two gallons) for encenattpenny. Of all Grocers, or a sample will.. sent free for six stamps. G. FOSTER CLARK & CO. No. 594, ErrEEL TOWER FACTORY Maidstone.

EIISTANCE AND CO.'S GREAT WATCH, CLOCK, PLATE, AND JEWELLERY SALE IS STILL CONTINUED DURING ALTERATIONS. DISCOUNT • 10 TO 25 PER CENT. 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

IL CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADsToNB BAG (Cow Hide) From 16e. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9.. 6d. 9, AND 41, DALE-STREET. 1, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PATTISON AND PERKINS, !171 SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. OPEN TO-DAY, SATURDAT,SSEPTEMBER WITH A NEW STOOK OF MANTLES, JACKETS, AND GENERAL DRAPERY;

LATEST NOVELTIES. MILLINERY AT POPULAR PRICES. HENRY MILES. IS SHOWING COPIES OF THE LATEST LONDON AND PARIS MODELS FOR EARLY AUTUMN. AN EARLY VISIT WILL BE MUCH ESTEEMED. THE WORKROOMS. The Workrooms are in charge of MADAMH PAIR. BANK (French Milliner), a lady of undoubted ability and experience, from the best Millinery Centres of I mdon and Paris. Madame Fairbank has had the honour of furnishing Millinery on many occasions to members of the English Royal Family. THE SHOWROOMS. The Showrooms are under the Management of thoroughly experienced Ladies from the Principal Millinery Houses of London. HENRY MILES, CHURCH STREET, CORNER OF TARLETON-STREET. LIVERPOOL. •

COOPER AND CO.'S HIGH CLASS JAMS AND JELLIES. JAMS AND JELLIES. UNRIVALLED FOR QUALITY, PURITY, AND FLAVOUR. MADE ONLY FROM FINEST SELECTED FRESH FRUIT AND PURE CANE SUGAR. PER 21. n. JAR. APPLE JELLY. BLACK CURRANT JAM 9D. DAMSON JAM '71120. 00SEBERY JELLY 7D. RASPBERRY JAM 9D. STRAWBERRY JAM. BD. MARMALADE, SCOTCH 4D. MARMALADE, HOME MADE 7D. JARS CHARGED ID. EXTRA. SAME ALLOWED WHEN RETURNED. Central Warehouses— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON Local Branch 4 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

DR. SCOTT'S pILLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured. DR. scorrs piLLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. SCOTT'S piLLs Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. DR. SCOTT s PILLS Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS The Best Family:Aperient Medicine and Blood Purified DR.B coTT's PILLS Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet:or cold. DR. scorrs PILLS Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine Instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE I RENOWNED FOR TOWLE'S kjIILORODYNE COUGHS, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, r`i Sr Aszif s. ac. TOWLE'S VJEILORODYNE 131 d. per Bottle A. P. TOWLE MANCHESTER.

ebr ‘‘ eyamtner " Anttes OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NSWSPAPERE. Comprises THE Warrington and Mi -Cheehire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE .Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday .1 afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every ni- l. day morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday morning. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 21. Od 27 N. 9d. ... is. led. 3s. Od. 38 le. Od. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. id. Oel. 64 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise anent inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

ROBERT P. KER AND SONS, NURSERY AND SEEDSVIEN, 11, BASNETT STREET, AND AIGBURTH NURSERY. GRASSENDALE, LIVERPOOL. TENNIS COURTS. BOWLING GREENS. &C. Pure Evergreen Dwarf Lawn Grass Seeds. Is. PER Lb. 84s. PER CT. CARRIAGE PAID. woo' This is our Special Mixture of the very finest . of EVERGREEN GRAbS SEEDS, perfectly free from Weeds, same as sown by tie on our lawns round the O'were of Evergreens. Ttees, and Shrubs, for which vie awarded the GOLD MEDAL, LIVERPOOL EXHIBITION, 1886' Ansl which, from their emerald green colour and fln,,enie:slit. gained the admiration of all visitors. We sopPlie'aoeds season with the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn WO.' for nearly two hundred acres. NEW, PURE, AND RELIABLE. LOWER AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest Prices for Best Quality. HIGMAST AWARD AT THE Bin • GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. .g 4 ‘!

' - Change of Season often affects the health, more or less perceptibly. Prudent persons take " Spring " medicine: but Autumn medicine is just as needful. The effect of hot summer weather on the blood makes itself FOR EXAMPLE. MR. JOHN SOUTH, 30, St. Michael. felt, now that the weather is changing: you feel bilious, street, eMonmouthshire,Newport, Monmouthshire, retired service as engine driver on the G.W.R. at the age of sixty. Subse- dyspeptic, and tired: and there may be pimples or an quently taken ill, he described himself to a South Wales Star representative as "thoroughly tired out," "I had," he eruption on the skin: the damp nights bring little twinges said, 'severe pain at the small of my back, as well as pains in the back of my head and side of my face." of rheumatism or neuralgia, that give warning of the After two or three weeks he went to a very able doctor, who informed him winter that is coming. If you want to be brisk and active, tbi 1 jantg, Igepumainatsicisn...his head were " rum- The pains seemed to get worse, and well set-up for the winter, it is NOW that you should build ~. . though not actually confined to his bed, .e w... unable to get about. He fortu- nately read an account of the public • up the blood and give the nerves a little tonic. . attention excited by the cures effected by Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People in cases very similar to his own. • He procured a box, and religiously • followed the instructions. Dr. Williams, Pink Pills , A for Pale People ,1,11 ni .., will make you strong and stave off the rheumatic pains i . for the winter, if you take them NOW. Prevention is better than cure: but it is only Dr. .1 t Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, thus put up : Tmio‘liVrse.betinaldtall3fetehnetlocex;lorthpeerphaaiinns a littlebegan REGISTERED PACKAGE. that are of any use: if se.lll tlllte easier,encouraged cs oot uhfrerae:7s epuiscti msn otiron thesco ocontinue, c severe. PT Di.? WI L LI A .14.5 ' if to gerten N. Et -a v.,:, INA' i the full name isn't there,, and the improvement was rapid and I :),. IL LS 4:1 it is a substitute: don't taken anbdy a thel f roxeeshhee had as , MI FO R 15 coMpletely cured, and felt as well as he , take that on any ac- s7xetrydyiead years. hil nlicfee,trattwt:mthestiaiending has felt , 71L ' EOPLIE, 'xl " ' • only slight twinges of rheumatics, and a count. single pill has always proved sufficient - Price, 25. 9d. ; Six boxes, 13s. 9d. to subdue them. . If you know you need them, ask your chemist for them. If you don't knout you need them, ask us. We will tell you just as readily NO as YES: we don't want people to take them and not get cured: that would damage our reputation you see. Address—Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London,- E.G.

FRANCIS J. DELL, }mum] DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always in Stock. 30, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

COMFORT, CLEANLINESS AND CURE FOLLOW THE USE OF Dr. PAUL'S WHITE PILE OINTMENT, . , Gives ease at once and effectually removes ',N. • : InPboiltsCiela-ca,ks2,lFeis:aucrhe! and Ulcerations. 9 PE NN &CO 89, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, •I LONDON. LE!

MORE POSITIVE EVIDENCE FOR mllNyoN • Convincing Testimony from the Cured. Mr, Geo. Hicks, "The Grand Old Guardsman," of the Grenadier Guards, and a gallant Crimean veteran, says "These Remedies are a boon and a blessing, if other pills are worth a guinea a box, Munyon's Cures are worth 20 guineas." For sale by all Chemists or sent direct from the London Office, post free, on receipt of price. 47 Remedies for 47 Ailments. Mostly One Shilling a vial. THE GRAND OLD GUARDSMAN TESTIFIES. Mr. Geo. FBAs, F. 0.5., popularly known as "the Grand Old Guardsman," late of the Grenadier Guarder,. and the gallant, generous Crimean hero who contributed his honourably won Turkish medal of 4 bar., which realised £lO, for the Armenian relief Fund, in sending a postal order for 275. worth of Munyon'll Remedies, writes from his present address, 93, Grosvenor-road. Aldershot : " Until I tried your Rheumatism Cure I could hardly get about, but since I took nearly two bottles or your pellets lam quite free from that complaint, as well as from Lumbago. Myself and wife have tried your Cold Cure and have found immediato relief; also the Catarrh, Blood, Cough, Kidney, Vitaliser, Heart and Nerve Cures, always with the same beneficial result. I can truthfully say your remedies have been a boon and a blessing to both of Us. We keep a case of Munyon's Remedi:s at home, and would advise everybody to do the same. I am sixty-nine Years of age, went through the Crimean campaign, fought in every engagement, and feel fit to have another brush with the enemy it required since taking Munyon's. "You can make what use you like of this letter, and I hope many will believe me when I say, if other pills are worth a guinea box, Munyon's Cares are wortis twenty guineas a box." The Munyon Remedy Company do not claim that they Munyon's Vitaliser, price 4s, is the greatest tonic ever have one remedy that will cure all contp!aints, but discovered for men. that they have a specific cure for nearly every disease. It is net claimed that Munymes Rheumatism Cure will Ask your chemist for a free copy of Menyon's Galdo cure consumption, dyspepsia, or any other,complaint to Health, and tre it yourself at home with harnaleSSl but that it is a positive cure for rheumatism. Munyon's remedies that contain positive cures for all diseaseee Dyspepsia Cure is plepared expressly to cure dyspepsia; Sold by all chemists,mostly one shilling a bottle. Munyon's Cough Cure to cure coughs; Munyon's Cat Remedies to cure catarrh ; Munyon's Kidney Cure to If you are in doubt as to what remedies you need. cure kidney trouble. The same may be said of all man_ write to Professor Munyou, 121, Staid ceabury Avenues yon's 4? different rentediee. Loudon, for free medical advice. "Sufferer from Bronchitis aw 99 nasLy Cough.

, 1

„,,;...•'lO '1 '' '' ' ''. '4...= - I'.'• - 7-7,1 a . . . ~,1#:, '''' ..!:),.."';', ''`...' ,4„, , ~,mk••••;.l',,,' ...,•:•' -„,c- ~ ',,,.,,,„ ~ .:'?-, 'T . ; 4,4,,:....„,6.4e. : , il' ''''Pt':-4-'''..-:::-.:;...1. ' ~•::'i;...:E',! . iTr ~. .. . - ::Filiiiii.,-... . ~NN, ~--, t 11.,', :::,..-Erf-7::::..... .. :.. i ...... ' ,4.5.-7171,•:: r.!,;:_•,..1i': ,::.1.-;,..i.i...:...:::.:.::.....:.:::1:.-..--.:4: ” ....... ... ... ,iii.,u. •z' iv ,41;f:',..t','. ''''4U!;;A.L.;'......,: TJ.;'..**4.':':;!;,..12'.......;;1:-"ii311.4-1, - , . .. „.,,,. t-::-.'„ . ::',:;i'j•r.i,,o'*; ',:=2--:::41 u,... I.;1' ,V 4 :417`,#,,,:i;‘,.. ;',..:•:;';:.V't1A'ji;•:‘1.1.;,..V,,k."..1,1..1:,....:::1'jr".-.1 14,1 k „4.',:;,:':•' ';,:,.= :.:-.-:-;.-;--- ':::.:4'. :4':-ity -I4 4.., '' ;' f' W'sl2l- ' ':f ;`..''''..` V.....*.•AV11.11::':1.,.1.....‘.....,'-..*:,..'.."•%.:',..1.t'::::-..;:t1 • . ',V;:::::::::::.;;;:::{:":::::%:;:. I:' '''''.‘Y,q;;ii . 1,-,,... r . i..Z. ": : . ''' 14,"''' .t ''' '!-:: 'N' ':t.....•:4‘.;1•...j:.-J,..1...:-....;'::::•..........\.':.g.1'31:1. 6:::::::::::::::::::::.::::•::::'W-, • :It:':' ... .....--T7 . .14,;..i::,(NJ...t1i 1 !,...::,::::v.::&.V.:•:.:,.':-..'..'.1.',..-::::-.7:iiii't 4....-:-:•:,..,:.:•-:.::::.,...:•:...:•.:•:,:•!:':-.1.-:..--'. i '',:;- -:' '' ' " ~'t•'.i'... . •,,ii:' ';75,A1.)711 ' ,•"' • ,'.....'•,:•.,....v....,,..,,..:".••••••••..1:::::::•• '''''''':-"::::..:::::•:.:;:;:•::.::•::.::::•:::::::::::::: i '',':,. '-7::-i'.1:1 ''''' i ''' :!: ' •-• I:L...E.o%....„.,;''''':'.:''!!''' .".:7:%::L::ti'1.,r...1:,,..,', :..............:,:::-.::::-.1............,,,.-.:.-J.-..;/ :.::::::::::..::.::::::.::.::.:..::.:.:.:::.::.:::::.:-::::-. ge,,,,,•?A-7.---t--.i;:::::: iliit:::: :: wfr:.%!;; ''' i;;i:i.;:i:::, c i,' :4' . , \ i.:'.:':..,Y.'...,......';';.R....... '''' '-......,' ::::.:;.:,.;:::.:?.::::::.::::::::::.:::':;:.:::::::::•5..t.:.::::.::::•:%." %i',44A-.-:‘: ..... 4.. i ... :...i,-'V5'.'...4.1i,.::k;;:,: . .:'f.:'.::*:'..N 91,, k 1.,0',..„1 1C;F::::::Q.V...:',V..,..1.1.V.'...1.',.i.1"i--,-., . • ,;?-;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::rj,:ki,‘.,:';•1;i4..F.kfril'i' '?'.3.','"9l.fi!'i'diWii:-.44.: ':j I,\ ''r•-,4:;.*::::,,.::;:.M.::-......................'..P..i..-q ~.t,: •lA'.lkr:V:::::".....‘g•-":--:-4.1'.. :410:i5i:!iF',,,Hfr ~.,R-ritr.,,,',.;,,,,,, A1ivi,,,..-4,ft!!.*:.!:i..;..-„›,,,:,„,,...,?..,...,::::....:.:::.i::4.,....5..:::.......,,,,,..-2. -,.:„.,?:,:if::.:::::::..m......::::.::::•,\:•:••••••,.::;,,o4';e,-„,-,- '-4s-..!;,•,,:-.4.,,,,,;,.;,,,,,c-',- - .7-- ....44-4,4-7 -t.•:...,.c.:.-•E.,---:,----.-----:-..;„ .....,:;,:::.:.:,::_:-.....::, . : '-..:-,::.,:::::.::::s.:,..•,:,..• \ wr.„'...,,-(..40,7,-,_4•AN.12•4:,z•, .o:',7..!tfiv•-_,,,, ii1t..,;.:.%. ::,:iN-4vi- pt. 7,.: -:•.4.?::::::g.:.:::-.:•:•::.".:::::::: " .c-i:::.::•ii:- ~,g:1.,,z,-,t:-,::,,,,,,...‘,„,-,,,,,,i.,,-):P.,,-,',14:-:;-;.7-,..,,,-..m,/,,..r4;;;;::;:,..e.,:-..::::.:.,,,. -,.:,..-....-:... •: fiks;;;;;x:::::::: o:i:.. \,...-.e,-.:,•,. :e%.-.,-..,...&,-,„,v.i.:..,041-..et0.f.;,::-4., -.gt.Nr,...,.%-,0............,.,:: ....,,!' :... •::::::.:'::•,...:•::::.' '.;,•::::::: •:.,':;-.:-.•:.:-.--,. i4•:,:i,.,::.,v,:t.5.:.:.-4-.,,,,tt,1yt4g.,,, A'.. ~.•,:?,' i5:','''...4:.,.,..?5::::::.::::::, :.,:4:cf..i.:,;,:•‘,.,.:.,-.,c,\ 4: "..:?:...., '.....:,:' • ::.,•:iiiiii, *ri...-41.7ijiii,5.-" :..„../i.....l.9Fiifftt,gtirfifT.,?,i';' ~:'...-:i'f',5.:*:,.:,;.:;r:..Z'•••••:...\\ .: f?,.......: . .:....•.., • ••,.... tf:ii. ...,:e.:;,::::i:*.i,---4,....] i'.,'0..,;:•;-:.:;;:...n5: ird!is,;:iiiioiti '4t,1:1 1,1i.i4..4 4..'Ai ''.''''"..!,!....•••••••1',":::::. :::::::: •',..';'l %, 11 -....,,.. ,•,..... ......-. .., -,:iiiii. :4,''' , ''•':,;:. ::i..;\''... iri)r.+l,"\\''.....-.. \....i...,. \''... I. g::,. \ „.:.::::;:. ...i.,,..'...... '' •ji.'4''fi,tii!t:: fIIP gi4' .....".:!!..,,t;.f5i...':.;;;.::1',-.:11,1 angitjf' ..:•••.......-- ;:i . ;..... iifi,'..-:',;:*z.;P:"':' 4.' /fin 71.ii*. .t.,...‘ I ‘ --:•.; r ;;::•f.:...., .“..‘; .I:r,,f, tlr,r:: ..7,.......*Yr ..:::::::::::::, .•,,,,,, :., ~,......;„..,:,..„...,.. ~.,..„ •c;;;::::::..1,...,. t ft.. 6.:,....:•;;;;;;;;;:./ , .iilittlil„.4'l-: •11,4q,y,.,1J1 i, J..............,:.T . ........t:......1.:.,, iii.,i 1..,,,. \ ::.”4/4:lis•P7cac7ll',iiiiii,..-,:. ~..1 --.--....,,,. • ....:i..,,, .;;.;;I.l§i,"hi , 11,, -.......:,,,,P•Priiiviisf,!illtk :Iili:::-... :.;•:,.. . ..L ~....../0,..Fg;.:.:,... .--''''''•,;., ?,',12..:., • i.11:.;=- Y. ~ , , RTLESI T. B IRAPHER' 2 ki 0 T - o G ii. IIoUSE STUDIO. S _„EApirt• ILITY. PORTRAITS R ALL CABINET ITS A SPECIALITY. TAR .....° ALL INSTAL.' CHILDREN'S • -TAN e THEL ELGAT'PE So S STYLES I N PH 0 T.),„ 0 USLY. A

lEW DRESSES NEW JACKETS NEW HATS A new gown, jacket or hat can be Itade easily from the old with Diamond Dyes They are easy to use and are made in all colours. CARDINAL BOTTLE GREEN MAROON NAVY BLUE (MENET SEAL BROWN lare a few of their popular non-fading, Aandsome colours. Several shades att be made with each dye. With Yellow even a child can dye YELLOW CANARY LEMON MAIZE *llse only the Diamond Dyes—they are e sable. Nr7ght reshlonable Colours produced by DIAMOND DYES. DYE ANY MATERIAL, ANY SHADE, ANY COLOUR. rld everywhere, 3d. & 6d. per packet. 411101 Th DYES. 31 & 92 Snow RIB, London LC.

POSTAL j IN FORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lymm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, Stratton, Warburton. and Wools- ton 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central. South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, aad the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston. N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester. South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor, humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—Londou. S.-h'e,tern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrsxham, Llandudno. Shrewsbury North Wales, Londoo and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bah, Bristol. Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester S-East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cunaborland, VV.:gait Bolton 2-15 p.m. -Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m.—Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead, Northwhich Nantwich and Sand bach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 0-p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Nlanchester Peterborough, East Lincoinshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only, Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 p.m.— Town Delivery 9_30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10-30 P.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —lO-45, extra Halt penny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign L•etters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m, except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m:delivery is suspended. 1 EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... ..• High-St., Newton Mraaraes Jordan POSTMASTER Hours of (Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 pan , The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG smc hma ar ieo n or n d sotherwise,wo lswollen, h ;tins youW pirTeiiHs your woundssurrounded fingerw l with ln the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remenies you have tried, which if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals 'IA had medical advice, and peen told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I CAN CURE You. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to C. W. ALBERT. 73, FAHRINGDoN-STREET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs 'ion s maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Pols lel an Bunions. (Registered Copytight.)

.•=•••••=a .S r piDISPERSIBLE TO LADIES Particularly those who Idesire aquielt,44.‘safe and reliable and non-lnjurlous remedy for all obstructions and irregularities, a medi- cine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: "Your Invaluable remedy took immediate effect; in lese than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of misery and hopelessness."- A properly certified guarantee is enclOted with testimonials and medicine. One package at 418 is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- lars and proofs. I will forfeit £2,000 if the testi- monials are not genuine.q Thousanos uf unsolicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. Noricr.—This wonderful remody guaranteed to have the largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and only harmless inedicina of its Mild f r laCies, and. cures more patients in one moods thaa all other Female Remedies put together in twelve month:. This can be proved by our Testimonials. If you require more particulars, I will send you per return of post, ill sealed letter, port tree, a splendid book (34 pages) and Guide cloth eovers, 6o pages and 40 illustrations of Ladies App fiances). and full particulars of the wonderful effective remedies Gaosriadatodnt 13.,ei nrlitniasis.ied. Consultations andsold in every ree every y 3 o 7 o teovwena,ni ad village in di, L nE st a bi ished oven too years. Do not delay, but write at once privately tts MADAME FRAIN, SOrf.li t _ Institute. Hackne7 m

WARNER'S o..ex. Eilikw.44ll4 vr it 301 HAS WO EQUAL FOR LIVER TROUBLES, GALL STONES, INDIGESTION. A Wife. SYRESHAM, BRACKLEY, NORTH HANTS. --" For over ten years I suffered from ex- treme torpidity of the liver, and biliousness, causing indigestion and loss of appetite. Fai:ing to get permanent relief from the various medicines and treatments tried. I was persuaded to try Warner's Safe Cure. I took it for about five months, and as a result fully recovered my former good health, winch I have enjoyed ever since. It is now five years since my recovery, and I have suf- fered no relapse of the unpleasant symptoms." —Ohs.) MARY ANN HART. A. C 63 rod yrn art.

RECEIVING HOUSE, RUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXER ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:-

RUGBY, STRErroN - UNDER • FOSSE.— "Nothing suits me so well or does me so much good when suffering from nervousness, indigestion and general weakness, as Warner's Safe Cure."—(Rev.) C. G. SQUIRRELL. Price of Warner's Safe Cure, 2/9 & 4/13 per bottle, of Chemists & Dealers.

-Sa•nitasiT'EttallAlßK Best&Most Popular. Disinfectant, 211 ca e, of Fe ver be for PurifyinUl:t. Sanita' Fl u ids Powder AcSoaps Send for Pamphlet TneS,anitlsCT Bethnal Green Londord Sanitas Embrocation Bd., 1/-, 2/6

teet‘ ' TOOTHACHEI PANDIS-" NEURALGIA CURB. "IBIS' In bottles. Is. 10,, of all Chemists 40ss al or Post Free from Manufacturer. Mr. A. B ROBINSON, L.D.S., London, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 Seymour-street, Liverpool,

CLARKE'S 13 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in either ex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 33 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through but the world, or sent for slaty stamps by the makers, Tile Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln,— Addt

VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original COlour.slt makes thelhair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth. Price 3s. 6d per bottle.—Adut.

ORE THROAT. "You cannot do better than gargle with Condy.' " SIR MORELL MAGKENME, M.D. Physician to the late Emperor of Germany. IearGARGLE WITH coNDra, Lum ler All substitutes are inferior. Insist on buying "CONDY'S."

• otosHov+cooatazocosoo.o.e.e.ooe • Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are made from a se- glection of the finest coffees grown. 2 g Sold in small and large bottles 2 .0 by all Grocers. 6 6.414.643.051).0.0008=41).6.0.3

zi ',lt 30WLE's L PENNYROYAL & STEE PILLS FOR FEMALES. 9171CMY COMECT ALL 1101EGULARITIZS, RENOVE ALL I OBSTRUCTIONS, and relieve the distressing symptoms 80 prevalerct with the sex. Boxes,l/li & 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE: & Co., Manufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham:- ' ‘ Beware of Imtlettons. i8.7,8,,0us sad .".15,,,,,

sANTAL MIDN

These tiny Capsules relieve kidney and Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, and cure in forty-eight hotscs the same diseases without inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name • Midy.' Sold by all Chemists, or post free 36, from WILCOX & CO., 83,Mortimer St.,London,W.

31, CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC IN RELIEVING ALL PAINCAND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, 1/If. of all Chemists. . tIEENAIit & sop, Chemists,HELTENHAM.

reeeeseeeesecersee The finest Coffee Essence that Imoney can buy is Symiraten's Edin- burgh Coffee Essence. Makes a cup in a moment. From Grocers through- out the world. 003.00941.01ZAereheenmen.7Aeekei _____. al••• 1110LTFIE,131:0011,,IS T4E,LIFEV , s% woßmt. FAmED BLOOD ivaTuREI 1 1 THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. 'We have seen bosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a geod testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to ‘ight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." -- Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, akin and Blocx. Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effect are marvlllous. It is the only real specific for Gout an Rheurna ..ic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood an boner. Thousands of Testi n...)-dals. In bottles 2s. 94. an Ile. Mb, of all Chemists. Sent rot 13 or 132 stamps by Pr ' prit 3. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG CP fiIdANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

MEN WHO ARE WEAK. MEN who are weak, and tired of taking NAUSEOUS and MYSTERIOUS Preparations to no GIOD PURPOSE Might to write in confidence when the Physician will send you ful particulars FREE as to how all cases of NERVOUS DEBILITY, LOSS of VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNESSES, can be SUCCESSP LILLY and PERM A NENTLY CURED. Send Stamped Addressed Envelope to THE COLLINS REMED, GOTHIC HOUSE, 9,ERSKINE STREET, LIVERPOOL. Please name this Paper

The Royal Laundresses ay Critcb:ey s .• srAitca (lion s nue:lx-died:or imparting a beautiful finish to starched nen . Sm., either cold or boiling water starch. Core wail , says :—My wife will not finish our linen without y 0 u " Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— am, pleased to Inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch, Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T, WITCALFY 131aclawirn Proprietor.—Adrt.

,* Never be without a bottle of !Symington'sEdinburghCoffee Essence in the house. All iGrocers sell it. It makes de- licious coffee in a moment. 2

Send to . • . RAY& MILES, Liverpool for Illustrated Price List of LACE CURTAINS 8..* Value, In Enalnincl.

HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT CURES BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Throat, Quinsy, • CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, &a. IT IS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF stiff Joints, Sprains, 331Wirig, Scalds, Erna EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. EllatiraCtUred Only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Maleine Vendors.

THE FAKOUS L. AND T. TAWNY FLAKE TOBACCOS Talc SWEETEST AND COOLEST SMOKE ON BARTH, IN lox. AND 2oz. FOILS. Al T 2 PER OZ., TO BE OBTAINED FROM J. BES WICK, 58, BORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

I

LATEST NEWS.

THE FRENCH IN WEST AFRICA. CAPTURE OF SAMORY• AND ALL HIS GRIEFS. PARIS, THURSDAY. A despatch from St. Louis, Senegal, states that rumour is current there that Samory has been captured by the French forces. Leiut. Jacquin personally al after Samory, who was escaping, and took him prisoner. Four hundred nibs, ninety cases of cartridges, and oue cannon fell into the hands of the French. For over twenty years Samory has been fighting the French. The Capture of Lieut. Henderson, a British officer, hi Samory's son eighteen months ago will be remembered. Samory had then a large following, but the French cora' pelled him to retreat towards Liberia. He was a stricl Mohammedan, and the most powerful of the indepew dent monarchs of the Western Soudan. THE SPANISEI VICTORY IN THE PHILIPPINES. REBEL TROOPS SURRENDER. A telegram from Madrid states that an official mega sage from General Rios has been received by the Goverfl. fluent, in which it is stated that 38 of the insurgent leaders,with 4,000 troops, have surrendered to the Span- ish forces. ILLNESS OF SIR HENRY IRVING, Sir Henry Irving, who was announced to appear id the "Lyons Mail" at Glasgo A last night at the Theatre Royal, is confined to his bed. Sir Henery is suffering from a chill contratod in the fog of Tuesday. MR. HOWARD GOULD MARRIES Alt ACTRESS. NEW YORK, THURSDAY. Mr. Howard Gould was yesterday married to Miee. Katherine Clernmons, the actress. The marriage ill;16 against thi wishes of the family. THE BRUTALITIES IN KOREA. • YOKOHAMA, THURSDAY. It is announced from Seoul that the Karean Minister of Justice has been dismissed. for having allowed tilt' populace to brutally mutilate the bodies of the men, • hanged for conspiring to poison the Emperor. - THE STRIKE RIOT IN ILLINOIS. EIGHT KILLED AND THIRTY WOUNDED. NEW Yoaz, THURSDAY. The latest reports from Virden (Illinois) state tbat eight men were killed and about thirty wounded in the strike lint there yesterday. THE LITE SOUDAN EXPEDITION. A PEERAGE FOR SIR F. GRENFELL• The "Daily Mail" correspondent at Cairo wires-s-4 report is current that a peerage will be conferred ow . Sir F. Grenfell for his services in connection with the" overthrow of Mandism. LATEST LOCAL WEATHER FORECAST. The weather report for the North-west of England up to noon to-day is as follewe i—Eistsrly winds ; frail! ring ; fair at first ; some rain later. THE NEW FOREIGN UNDER- SECRETARY. The "Pall Mail Gazette" haa reason to believe that that. Right Hon. W. St. John Brodrick will be the suecessee of Lord Curzoa of Kedleston as Under-Secretary foe ' Foreign Affdrs. The vacancy thus ere itoi in the Pare liamentary Under-Secret tryabin at the War Office will probably be filled by tee appointment of Mr. George Wyndham, though the names of Mr. Stuart Wortley and Mr. Austen Chamberlain nave been mentioned in thin connection. In neither case will a by-eleetion be reo. dered necessary. NEW FOOTBALL PLAYER FOR WARRINGTON. John Fish, the wing threeqiiartor of the Lostoe.k Gralarn Football Club,has been transferred to Warring' ton this week,and will play in the match against Barrow next Sattirday,provided that be commences work in time to be qualified for the match. He has a very good reputation, and is one of the best scorers in Lesteck. He scored three tries against Warrinzton A. in the first match of the season. It is anticipated that he will prove a good capture.

FOR FIRST-CLASS. PRIVATE D NTISTR Y. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may be arranged.TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient Informed required the cost of TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. AnIM.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. rainle3, Extractiono rroaeus hitherto by the ala TEETU. Maker to Dentists of 10,00 gallons weekly. Exors. of the late , J. H. PARKINSON • (DENTIST BY:EXAM.) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 5, BOLD-STREET, T. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. WOO WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SANE:pm-8r RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGE-BT. NORTHWJCH on FRIDAYS, 18, APPLEHAILIENT-SV

LMARRIAGES. MAKlN—Mcwrrr —October let, at the Parish Church, War: Hinton. by the Rev. A. F. White, Thomas Makin to Sara.° Hewitt. THOMPSON —WELsrt—October 2nd, at the Parish Churcis, Warrington. by the Rev. A. F. White, John ThomplOn to Elizabeth Welch. DEATHS. CA-MPBELL —October let, at Bakehouse Yard, Warrington. Margaret Mary Campbell, aged 6 years. DICHENSON—Octob9r 2nd, at Haydock-street, Warrington' Thomas Dickenson, aged 6 years. BlTES—October 4th, at Liverpool-road, Warrington, George Bates. aged 38 years. MARTlN—October 4th, at Sharp-street, Warrington, Willisol James Martin, aged 22 years. STlRROP—Ootober 4th, at Blackhuret-street, Warrington4 Edward Stlrron, aged 9 months. HARGREIvES —October sth, at Crossley-street, Warrington' Ann Hargreaves, aged 17 months, IN MEMORIAM. In loving Memory of Henry Hewitt Dutton. who October 11th, 1893. "To memory ever dear."

FRIARS' GRIMM WARIIINIVION (Opposite Arpley Station). S. T. WARD AND 00.• MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &C" Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments,Toran Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite. Marble, an. Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLHANING HXISTINa TIONUMBNTS A SPECIALTY.

p
