===== 0002601_18980902_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Mt. MM. hiAZSO

NaTor.

~ Ix.

but mai

the 000 t

plants, by the SO

-it ON "7'

EET,

EET, T,

lurch, tip Banner , In ChaPt Lawton •sepetrea.•

- Age,' ' n, aicbsr3

'arri tt°73.

'arringt°°'

;, BCC•I2Ip LtS,TOLED Atbia. ita iTINTi LER cE tree 4.. sey-i t;;r

_ ,YV O,RDIGTON UNION. -Forgone willing to '"etith, ''ONTRADT for the supply of any of the under. ekee„—lled articles from Michaelmas to Lady Day next, Where stated for R year. to be ,delivered free of ex- -1)41,7 at the Warrington Union Workhouse, or at the o„...strtals School.. Padigste, at such times and In such ttities as the board of Guardians shall direct, are tested to send in IRNDRS. properly sealed, endorsed, 'free of expense, addressed to the Clerk to the Guardians, Ni tour o'oelock p.m. on TUESDAY, the 13th day of "MUER inst. f ellowing are the articles dor which TBRDMRS are 4 and Provisions Shoee,Ologe and Slippers and Mutton Glasing „ Joints for ()Meer' Brushes 'or a year Coding Mid Irish pin heed Meal Best Oakum Rope for picking elI d Bread Beat Penmaeumawr Stone knd I 'orter for breaking purpose* and Potatoes Leather

ai,Tac. lI ; tnd Gas Coke amy of the above may be seen ~.en application to ql)ht ,ostera I the •Workhouse. The Cosband Slack supplied "„t0 ti fe satisfaction of the House and Schools Commit.- .„ klode no Pi Land quality of coal mast he named in the r• Pori as of tender and full particulars as to the pro- "os (pontiti. Is of each article required .may be obtained at b_Tfj,"k's 01 floe.• 4r4apnardial se also invite TIMMINS for PRINTING and 411,41:;-)IN:k1f,ayolisc.rome micisseimiss, 18.98, to ,liichaelmas 1399. 'l`l,t4io under this head must be equal tom .saples to be seen where also forms of Tenders, kc.. may sltitined• Oc ieds required from Poor Law Publishers will 1144 nod thret tigh the Stationery °marketer at the pub- tiler Of. ra, sat be wade *wog the :prescribed forte and 'enclose; f and en lorsed lite name of the art,eis Eec t article tendered for laust be of the size. "d quality shown at the Workhouse. No Tenders articles to ill be accepted. Bach contractor must be - 4,(1f require d) to enter into security for the due per tZ of his contract. The Guardians do not bind them —"Qita,.....,.,4°P14 the lowest or any tender. All contrast be paid" quarterly —By order. J.t.M.ES CLO WES SUTTON. Clerk to the Guardians. vhanabera. Warrington. September 2nd, 1898. trs---- RI POO L AND NORTH WALES.

k.a4e I I,:tirct,„endld noes pernaitting, TO-MOSRON (Sunday) and Saloon 13telmer SNOWDON. will sail (weather daring Om season, for Llandudno, Beaumaris, I'd Menai Bridge. leaving Liverpool at 10-45 a.ra., back about 7-45 p m. SpR 9 • ar. BANK HOLIDAY. 9/L.M. CIIAL CUBA? BXOI7I3SION will bo made this "ovepiaees, leaving Liverpool at 9 win. prompt, and baok about 8-15 p.m., allowing di hours ashore at aduo or three hours at Menu i Bridge. fare, and pad:m.llam apply to W. H. DODD, 31, Tower Liverpool. Teiephone 1585.

DAILY SAILING& OETii WALES AND BACK THE BAHR DAY. ORRAPBST AND BEST SRA TRIPS OUT OF

4aid.Quickest Route to Holywell, St. Winefrides Well, Pantasaph, Prestatyn, and Eby'. The Fast *addle Saloon Steamer. PLYING FALCON tun from the Prince's Landing-stage and Mostyn i;d other circumstances permitting), as under : ~kOtr'LMFOOL to MOSTZN and Back the same day. ° to-6" Dassarie 1 hour and 45 minutes, giving passengers 4ttl, brae hours ashore in one of the prettiest spots In L )144,1• Long day tripe, about ten hours ashore. -‘t k LlVimvoOL. From MOSTYN, N148.14".g. 27 2-30 o u Saturday Aug. 21... 7-0 urn 29 -0 a m Monday „ 29 -.10-0 a m 29 ___ 5.0 a m 29 7-30 pm a-o Tuesday ~ 30 —7-30 p m ..31 -0 am ,Wednes. ~31 ... 12 noon b"'.t.till'lrare, ls 6rl : Return Fare. 2s ; Bridge extra. lVisZas,,T,Z4cansterable, and available for day of Issue only. ' '414,/rerite,„ On board at Moderate Charges. Offices 27, A "'BET Liverpool. Telephone, 2,334. 4-0 ' LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NW direct evei-v SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL ...‘.44$ and pin LAD It LPif IA every WE D lan S JOHN WALKER AN 0 CO • " RiAMINBR " OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

k,tLAI AGENT% FOR --- -- DES,TEAItiETCfI,LNLESTERP anodoL. SYDNEY tUITI3 STAR LINE for NEW YORK every hirk. WEDNESDAY. ToIIDING EMIORANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- Chla,' PH. ILADHLPHIA, sAu FRANC:7'BOO, CANADA JAPAN. AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND 4- - taks ;"'cv,t.,, t the LOWEST RATES at C QIIN WALKER AND 0.,

WR`Los'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS .6, RITHERF, Grand-daughter to the Widow continues to prepare this eelebrated Medicine 4COOIY origtnal and genuine Faintly Recipe. 41aelebrit7 for all Female Complaints has obtained thr extensive and lec.,•easing demand Purchasers th afore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be 4t What they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Is the only DersOn In possess'on of the ItcreE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, ‘4 Of tia'n the Outside libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the eet. liele Wholesale Agents, " W. EDWARDS & Sox. are victoria-street." formerly 9 67, St. Paul's, cat,graved on the Governmer tAalp, 1591 d in -4 %eh by Meat Chemists.

• ..:114e;r46-4.1 fros of Cepo tour 1,4 te f elk Vulred • liZeirist4 Itijk 1:414.1, ktp. p„:11)ery DN itte ----••"# (4114 irkit'oPerty , be 'Ill" •11,1 i-• at% 110 Eto, riping A • t414:17,111' L SZlares . Joss ktt tonrzi.4o •B-BT. I.IIICBT-0 4ko th .11RP001 !IP PM" 16 befol-61 A ratriel‘ Marto (arriagtol' - 11 'kt t tihe - 11'4, A .etebrit. _ Y h 44111 Obitti • 11% 44. kl 10'4°1' a,,?eetk .4 4. are

===== 0002601_18980902_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STRAMEIRS. LIvERYOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. GERMANIC Wed., Sept. 7. I 'TEUTONIC Wed., Sept. 14, Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marited thus Third Class passage at low rates inoluding Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore* Apply to LimAr, Isnizz, and Go., Liverpool and 34. Lelkientsal street, London 8.C.,

===== 0002601_18980902_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
mr OMEN'S AILMENTS.

IBRBGULARLrIIS. &c. L,, tavig -tried- in vain .1 every advertised remedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, whien will act in a few hours, no matter how stubborn the case. Bons-fide sufferers can get it FREE of CHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment with Worthless Pills, Mixtures' Cones, and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPE and CONFI DHNCE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46,1 Southampton Buildings Chanc,ery.i.aße, London,

PRINTING PRINTING! THE WARRINGTON " EXAMIN/R," UNDERTAKE PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS FEINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES'

===== 0002601_18980902_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
MAWSON AND CO., STANDARD TAILORS.

NEW SPRING WOOLLENS FRAM THE BEST MAKERS. SMALL PROFITS. SERVANTS LIVERIES Asp STABLE SUITS AT LOW rItICEA.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS. Sole Agents for MESSRS. ALLEN HARM AND VO'S LADIES' AND ORNTLEMMITS

If ACINYSSIigaI------ 351 SANKEY STET, WARRINUTON,

===== 0002601_18980902_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT TO LAD IES.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PROFESSOR TRAINER'S

FEMALE CORRECTIVE.

CORRECTS ALL IRREGULARITIES, removes all Obstructions from whatever amuse arising) and relieves the distressing symptonas se prevalent with the sea. Perfectly harmless, and (never fails to briug about tbe desired result, as testilled by thousaads.

Price 25. fid. and 46. 6.1. Extra strong 115. Care gully packed and sent free from observation. ADMEN :—MANAGERESS, MEDICAL INSTITUTE,

14, PRICE-STREET(NEAR SAll.ox'elHoßig), LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LE-FVLDB. 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident English and Foreign certificated governesses.. Visiting masters. Priacipal.—mrse BOGEROON. Governess- Pupil wanted.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

THE Nth TERM will begin on TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 13TR.

• THE HEAD MASTBS will be at home to interview parents on Saturday, September 10th and Monday, September 12th.

PROSPECTUS, ac, ON APPLICATION.

----- MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL FEE Et 41. PER TERM. The NEXT TERM begins TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13th.. BNIIRANOB EXAMINATION, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER Ikrz at 9 am. Prospectuse., Forms of Application, de., may be had at the School.

N.H.—The Boardlng-housein connection with the Solseel is situated In Higher Broughton. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

WOBBLEY'S BIG SALE.

BY ORDER OF THE RECEIVERS Alla LIQUIDATORS, WHO HAVE GIVEN POSITIVE ORDERS TO

CLEAR OUT THE WHOLE OF THE STOOK, WITHOUT RESERVE. ENORMOUS STOCK OF HIGH CLASS FURNITURE.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
GIGANTIC COLLECTION OF BARGAINS.

IN DINING, DRAWING, AND BRDROOM FURNITURII, BRDSTEADS AND BRODIE% OF EVERY DESCRIPTION, AXMINSTER, WILTON, BRUSSELS, AND TAPBSTR2 CARPETS IN PIECE GOODS AND SQUABS.

RUGS, MATS. Ac.. CORK, LINOLRUM, OIL CLOTHS, AND merriNci.

PIANOS BY ALL THE BEST MANS, NEW AND SNCOND-HAND.

AT WORBLEY'S GREAT BARGAIN AIR.

Our instructions are Positive and absolute to clear out everything as quickly as possible. FIJRNITURII, from 10 guineas, to £l,OOO.

There Is a large and soot REFR/ISHMS NT ROOM, where visitors (whether purchasers or not) can be supplied with light refreshments gratis. Waitresses in attendanoe.

WORSLEY'S LIMITED

(In Liquidation),

THE PANTHEON,

GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER.

'RATINGS' POWDER.

_ KEATING'S POWDER.

KEATING'S POWDER.

Kills Pleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles; X Hs Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Bootleg . Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles THE UNRIVALLED BILLER.

THE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

TEE UNRIVALLED KILLER.

Rills Pleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetle.. (Harmless to everything but Insects), iiiold only in tins, 3d., ed., midis Only be sure you do get "Keating'.. , FLEAS, BEETLES, AtOllllS, BUGS. FLEAS, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS

LEA.S, BEETLES, MOTHS, BUGS.

ENVELOPES 1. PE R 15000,

4 4 -L-1 E.4XAMINEE OFFICE, BE WSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980902_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
; 4 # , • til ' 1 ' , 'l•,, 11 ' - .111 t 11 1$ Of 1

1 t .0. t,;114,,,.:,:i..

pi ' 4 I

1 . ~., . ; l' / '

===== 0002601_18980902_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
II

===== 0002601_18980902_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' I

===== 0002601_18980902_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MeDOUGA PATENT SELF—RAISING FLOUR "CAI USED

LADIES' LETTER

DIE DEAR NELLIE,

Just now black hats are very much to the fore, and there appears to be every promise of their reign continuing. They are stylish and becoming and they lend themselves admirably to almost any coloured gown. If a little brightness is liked, some colour harmonising with the rest of the

costume may be introduced, either in the form of flowers or silk rosettes with paste buckles in the centre. For cycling, shooting and walking, felt hats boat shape, trimmed with a band, a bow and a feather or two are most suitable.

A very desirable little blouse and one most be- coming to a slight figure, as three inches of the waist portion fits quite closely, has the fulness starting above this plain part. This blouse is arranged on a fitted lining, and the serge is put on from the neck downwards in three parts, but does not reach to the waist by three inches. Tiny pleats are set in the fronts, and a few at the centre back, and when the serge fits the lining, it is stitched along twice by machine, and three plain pieces of serge, fitting the lining, are laid over the three inches of uncovered lining, and rows of braid or velvet are run along, and finished with rosettes.

In front there is a little fall vest of soft washing silk, and a sailor collar of white serge, run with blue braid, or bound with blue silk. A blue silk collar outlined with a tiny pleating also looks well, and it is merely a choice between a dark or light collar, as the make is exactly the same in either case. The collar is made on stiff union, and there should be a strip down each front, as these are loose and require to be firm. The collar looks well in silk, with lines of braid, or in serge, mad there are side pieces kept stiff, which spring from the collar, and are trimmed to correspond. The sleeves are plain, with a little extra width and depth at the top, this set in two deep tucks which almost form epaulettes. This model is also most effective for a black blouse with coloured lining, and the coloured lining may be simply sateen, using silk of the same shade for collar, front, and belt, and also for those small pieces on the neck- band.

A costume eminently desirable for early autumn wear as the coat made in covert fashion, with "fly" fastening, and can be worn open, or closed, making a straight front falling away from the figure. This costume is carried out in grey tweed, slightly flecked with stone-blue, and the coat limed with glace silk in grey shot with yellow, this turning outwards to revers. The plain skirt fastens up the left side over a separate slip, and Is faced at the opening with the glace silk, a small pJrtion being left uncovered to simulate a silk o ndation. For home morning wear a cool, dainty gown would be in pale blue and white crepe cotton, made in princesse form, but with a Watteau pleat in loose gathers at thi back, and the fronts turned back in flat, straight revers from neck. to hem, and finished With a two-inch frill of cream lace. The front of full cream sateen or crepe cotton, fastened with knots of turquoise ribbon, and &sash of this ribbon coming round the waist from the Watteau pleat. Garnitures of narrowest black ribbon velvet are much employed just now on light summer gowns, muslins, figured silks, and so on, and, if prcperly applied, they are singularly effective. A Orunty frock is of figured muslin in softly-blended old *world tints, made up over vieux-rose silk, and trimmed with black }Abe velvet, which is applied on the skirt at each side in irregular lines, broken by Louis Seize knots, and forming a tablier effect. The bodice is simply fashioned and has wavy lines of the velvet across the front, three groups of three lines, each trio terminating under a graceful knot.

Black and white and black and heliotrope remain as popular as ever, and biack toilettes relieved with white, and sparkling with jet, are completed by feather boas; the blonde indulges in some touch of pink or vivid turquoise in the chapeau, and the brunette accentuate 3 her black attire with some bright tangerine-yellow, the shade now so fashionable and yet uncommon, as only the few can wear it.

The latest collars on smart capes and a raps are of less exaggerated height, and wired to acquire that graceful outward curve. The space between the collar and the neck is filled in with extremely full pleated frills of the silk lining, these setting out like a huge ruffle. The rounded capes slope off very long at the back, and are invariably trimmed with frills, and for the middle-aged long stole ends or square fronts are placed beneath the sloped cape, which, without detracting from the fashioable style, make the mantle more protective, and veils the figure. Your loving JRNum

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our NEW BOOS containing valuable information to Ladies' how all Irregulaes may b entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means Recom mended by eminent Physicians as th only Safe, Sure, and genuine Remedy. "Never Fails, bousands Of Testi- monlals.—Mr. W. IS: BLANCHARD. Claremont House Porest-road.Dalston Loud

---- ,-,e,„ ~--: .• , - ' -1-( 1, ://4,:., ?7, /7/i/ ~.',. ,414- 4,17 ',' '9,1,, /

......„..... At, ....„1 ~,,,,,,,„,.,,,,..‘, . N...: iitt, ..., . . . v.-..., -re .1,:73 .0 -.1- .. i,\4:i( ''''.'s:-i:;_.:s ._ k . ki., --.....: ~ 4.,....:, • . , ~ ..,,, .••... /4 a' '' A\ /4" - ~ 4,, 2 .., , -,,, 144._ :e.,:,:,, 0 ~...-\,. 4-, , , %,),:v .:, -, -;-, .-, \t‘ At, :74.47\z: 4 x,\,„\.., ~ , 4\i,...•\ ,vj •.,,t3,4,...k , ,• , ", ~..ir. ~,.., 1..: •,,,,,,...4, ~ ~ii.•.: utti4lito ~., \ ,/,,v. 1.1).....:trti.., 4,1., ..• 1p1,.., -...:::-.1 ,12 i I ... e

(.1.,..-. : - y ,-,....,, It• 44r4.-...*! ,r 1 : 4',14'4 /`/,(0 ';.,4 .4 4,1 , i •, ~ • 0 ~..,4, W ..31 *1 i 11 , jhfirtr, •./: ..• ' 4 4 :11,/ ', .4* 1,,, , 1 ri ~,, 4 11,1, , .1 I ti ' /.........s.N„,..et; r._ „...i.r.,,, ,R4,.....................„.1 , /

===== 0002601_18980902_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPBS.

*NOTHING is MOTS- discouraging than unappre• dated sarcasm. HE :"I am going to kiss you when I go." She: “Leave the house at once. "Jun' imagine the case, now, Tompkins. If you were in a burning house with your wife and your mother-in-law, and could only save one, which would it be ?" "Well," replied Tompkins, thoughtfully, "I fancy I'd save myself." THE Vierrar : "So this is really good for rheu- matism, eh?" The Chemist: "Splendid, sir. I -know a man who wasn't able to walk downstairs, and the day after he finished the second bottle he awas arrested for scorching on a bicycle in the public streets.' STILL HOPE.—" I shall never marry," declared Iliss Elderly in a tone meant to be firm. "Don't -may that," answered her beat friend. "Women elder than you have had proposals." "GIVEN AWAY."—They were talking about the 'various methods of celebrating the passing of the gild year and the coming of the new. "Did you ever dance the old year out and the new year in?" 44 Yes, indeed, scores of times," was the reply. And then she was sorry she spoke. REMINISCENT.—" If I had known how sarcastio qou were I never would have married you," he said. "You had a chance to notice it. Didn't I say 'This is so sudden' when you proposed after a two-years' courtship." His WIFE: "Oh, George, I was in hopes that you would bring a new cook with you to-night." The Suburbanite: "Well, the lady I engaged this time prefers to come down on her bicycle to- morrow." JOHNNY: "You're the meanest, hatefulest, spitefulef.. thing I know." Tommy: "An' you're the crabbedest, ugliest—" Father : "Boys, boys? You forget that your mother is in the room." "WHY are they calfed pyramids, pa?" asked 'Georgie, who was looking at a picture of those wonders of Egypt. "They are called pyramids, My sons," replied the father, without hesitation, '"because, you see, they 'pear amid the general desolation of the desert." "TELL your mother, Johnny," said his kind maiden aunt, as she placed a piece of cake in his hand, "that I was very sorry your sister couldn't come." "And what will I say," replied little Johnny, with an air of strategy, "if mamma asks me where is sister's piece of cake?" " I SUP:OSE most of the patients in your charge at this asylum are quite rational on many points?" "Oh, yes ! Some of them quarrel about the different makes of bicycles and tyres just as if they were sane." A Paws Bohemian is telling his mode of life to a friend from the provincial districts. "In the morning I awake," says he, "and ring for my valet-de-chambre." "How I you keep a valet-de- chambre ?" "Well, no, but I keep a bell." ENTHUSASTIO professor of 'physics discussing the organic kingdom) : Now, if I should shut my eyes —so—and drop my head—so—and should not move, you would say I was a clod. But I move, .1 leap, I run, then what do you call me?" Voice from the rear: "A clod-hopper I" THE " NEw Wourer.—" What does this here New Woman' talk mean, John?" "It means, Maria," replied the old farmer, "that women be a-takin' men's places. You'll find the plough where I left it; an' when you sharpen the axe you can go on cutting up that cord wood in the yard; and I'll have supper ready when you get home." THE KIND OF HORSE TO BREED.—A farmer not a hundred miles from Glasgow bought a horse. -Going home he thought a drink would refresh it, so he got a pail of water, but it would not take it. On reaching home he gave is a supply of corn, but it would not touch that either, so the farmer was heard to say, " Ye're the vera horse for me if ye only work 1" VERY LIKELY. —A Yorkshire man and a - Leicestershire man contending for the superior fertility of their respective counties, the Leicester- shire man declared that he could turn a horse into a newly-mown field, and the next morning the grass would be grown above his hoofs. "Pooh! that's nothing," cried the Yorkshire man. " You may turn a horse into a field in Yorkshire, and not be able to find him next morning." A LEADING QUESTION.-" Is your mamma at home, my dear?" "Yes, sir." "Well, run in and tell her that one of her old beaus would like to see her." "Please, sir, which one are you?" "Which one?" "I heard papa telling mamma aly,ut all of you last night. He said one of y,_.o wai hanged, and one was a forger, and one a gambler. Which one are you ? "

ENOUGH FOR THE LlON.—Very Stout Lady -(witching the lion fed): "Pears_ to me, mister, 'that ain Er a very big piece o' meat for etch an anneal." Attendant (with the most Stupendous show of politeness) : "I &pose it does seem like wilts le net to you, ma'am, but it's enough for the hon." *FARMER JONES: "Well, Willie, what did ye !lean-Ur college this year?" 'Willie (facetiously) : "Oh, I learned to smoke, and to plough up a field with my golf clubs." Farmer Jones: " Well done. To-morrer, I'll set you to work sniokih' a' few hams, au' next: week I'll let you take th' toll clubs an' plough up a 10-acre field." WANTED THE " WHOLE." A barrister was questioning a widow; the other day, about her history. "My history," she replied, 'is simplicity itai:My first was the happiness of my life, my secend,waa goodness itself, my third -- ' " Ex- cuse Me, madam," interrupted the counsel, "but really we aren't here to guess charades." HOW' SHE KNEW.—Mrs. Isolate: "Ferdinand, what do you • think! Those people who have moved in next door have neither a lawn-mower, washtub, ironing-board, rake, hoe, wheelbarrow, stepladder, sewing machine, nor garden-hose! Mr. Isolate (astonished) : "How on earth did you find it out, my dear?" Mrs. Isolate (inno- cently) : " Oh, by the merest accident ! I tried to borrow those articles." ALWAYS SAFER. —A worldly father, after the style of Lord Chesterfield, was giving good advice to his son, who was about to make his entrance into society. "And, above all, avoid flirtations; but if you must flirt or fall in love, air, be sure it is with a pretty woman. It is always safer." " Why ?" asked the young man. "Because some other fellow will be sure to be attracted, and cut you out before any harm has been done." A SAGE PEDAGOGITIC.—" Pardon me," said the visitor, after the school had been dismissed: "but I should like to know why you threshed that red- headed urchin' without investigation as being the Cause of the disturbance which occurred behind your back? You could not possibly have seen who let that mouse loose, and he was the only boy in the room who was not laughing when you looked." '" That was the reason," replied the teacher. "MARIE," he cried in desperation, "I shall wait no longer Either you must consent to become my wife at once or we will end this farce. Your re- peated delays are killing me !" "Very well, Hubert," she answered calmly, "if you take that ffound, there is but tine alternative for me." She drew off the diamoncrwhich sparkled on her finger and handed it to him. He took it sadly, and bitterly exclaimed, "Oh, false, cruel girl, to thus carelessly trample upon a heart whose every throb is for you alcne ! For this btiuble I ha..,e no further use. Let it perish, as I hope may also the love of which it is the emblem." His hand was raised to throw the ring into the grate, but she grasped it quickly. "I merely wished to say, Hubert, that I would like you to have the wedding-ring made just a trifle smaller than this." SUNSHINE AND SHADOW. —She presents a be- wildering picture of daintily-garbed femininity as she comes quickly along the hall to greet him. Her cheeks are flushed with pleasure and her eyes glow ,again in a perfect ecstasy of contentment. Yet her voice is very soft and sympathetic as she speaks: gs I hope you have managed to keep dry. I scarcely expected that you would fulfil your promise and come this evening. Such a tremendous rainfall would have deterred most men. So glad you did, though. Let me take your mackintosh and um- hWeyh will get nicely at do you mean bdrreiellda. aDndonytutmethnetimonwitzre by coming in without wiping yotiv feet on the door- mat, sir? Well—all right, go" back down town again, if you want to. Pm sure I don't care. Take those wet things down in the kitchen, and be sure to wring them thoroughly before you hang them up." In order to entirely comprehend the foregoing it is necessary to state that an interval of two or three years has elapsed—as well as a Inavriage.

- FEMALE AILMENTS Inegmarities and Obstructions bowever obstinate quickly and surely relieved and removed in a few noun, after all else fails, this remed acts as magic. Yuil particulars, testimonials and proofs will be seat on receipt of atamped envelope. Madam MARTYR, 20. Illshopegate Without, Loudon. _

Haablished 30 -Years.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
"WOMEN'S CHAT."

The Queen seems to have felt the heat, despite its in- tensity, less this year than hes been the case for tome seasons past, and appeared in excellent health when leaving Osborne for her Scottish home. During the re- sidence of the Court in the Isle-of Wight her Majesty spent the best part of each day in the op'n air —either driving about the grounds in. bereelonkey—eheete taking carriage exercise, or bitting in a tent erected on one of the lawns. . The Sovereign's love for little children seemsef such a thing were possible,to increase as time goes on. During her sojourn at Oseorne the gieen received visits from , many of her young deseendantsenueh to her own great delight,as well as theirs. Among her especial pets,Prinee Edward of York,vvho grows a very bonny little lad,may no said to take front rank. Her Majesty is devoted to her small great grandson,and this fact Prince Edward is fully aware of. He makes the mos% of hie hold on the Iroyal affeetions,ordering the Sovereign ebeut, and com- manding her strict obedience to his behests. Drumlanrig Castle, where the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch will entertain the Dttke and Duchess of York this month, is considered the finest mansion in Sontland, and is the centre of a vast dornain,wortb about £97,000 a year. The Duchess of Baccleueb comes of a ducal family noted for its great beauty—that of the Duke of 'lAbercorn—wbo was himself one of the best-looking AO ' most courtly men of his day. The Detelisa la stately and. banesomeeind possesses the famous small, well-modelled features of her race. Her diamonds are superb. Madame de Navarro (Mary Anderson) who is raking the waters at Carlsbad, will shortly it Is said, return tol ' her home at Tunbridge Wells. For yeast; she ar.ci her Ihusbeed wore great travellers, being. very fond of Nature in all her different asp cts, but the comine of a toe and heir altered all that. The best part of their t me. is Noce Teat in the picturesque Gld housettbat stands in a q Aint garden in tie country. In her husband's study is a frieze all relied the room, formed of portraits; of her. self Mr. de Navarro had collected phetegraphs of his wife from the time whes first she appeared oathe American atige, aid this is the result.

_ While Swiss betel-keepers are umplaining bitterly stout abed tourist season, hotel-kerpsrs in these isles are rejoicing over a rich harvest. There is a falling off, It is true, in American tcuristet the extent of 50 per cent., but this has ben more than considerably made up by foteigners end the " stay-at-homes " who, on accouut of the Spanish American war, have this year given ,up their trip across the Atlantic. It is prophesied that at no very distant date Iceland will become the tourist field of Europe. Nowhere, it is said, has Nature been so spendthrift in assembling won- dertnl phenomena on one spot. The glaciers of Switzer- land, the fjords, the salmen rivers, and the midnight sun of Norway are all there ; also the pure and clear atmosphere., the volcanoes, and grottses of Italy • the mineral aprons of Germany ; and the hot springs Of the , Yellow-stone Park. Such a place would certainly seem I to offer exceptional advantages and opportunities to I the sportsman, the toerist, the naturalist, t:m moun- taiaser, and the esker of health. Lombresa has a theory that physically and mentally We are largely the result of our surroundings-:--that is Ito say—climate and the food we eat, determine whether we are to be tall or short, clever or stupid, handsome or ugly. He instances a curious district in Northers Hungary, where a mountain chain divides the inhabit- ants, who have a common origin, lot) two quite dis- tinct types. On the eastern side the people are quite short, heavy-featured,aud stupid,on the western elopes they are tall, beautiful and highly intelligent. The Scotch are the tallest people in Europe, while at the other extreme are the Southern Italians, Frenoh.and Spaniards—all the shortest people. The average height in Ireland is fitt 9ia ; in Ragland and Scandinavia sft 7ia ; in Wales, Germany, and Denmark 511 ; Eastern France, sth Sin ; Spain sue Switzerland, Northern and Central Italy, 51t 4in; rartugal and Southern Italy 51t 3iu. The demand for ostrich feathers increases every week and millinery for autumn wear is mostly adorned with this particular form of ornament. Thom of us who can boast long specimens among our steres,should forthwith unearth these treasures, have them dyed to match the costume with whioh they are destined to bo worn, and lightly recurled. ' The ostrich is the largest living; bird, and is not far inferior to the eigautio extinct Moa of Australia. The plumage of the male is a glossy black, except the long plumes of the wings, and tail, which are white. The females are dark grey. In the feathers the webs are I exactly equal, on eatsti side of the shaft, an equality which so impressed the Egyptians that they made the feather an emblem of justice. The feathers may be 'either plucked,or to avoid any pain, cut with a knife,the stumps afterwards falling out. A new feather grows to its full eize in from six to eight months. The pure whites from the wings are called bloods," the next quality " prime whites," " firsts," " seconds," and so on. The tail feathers are not so valuable. " Bloods" fetch from £4O to £5O per pound weight, in the wholesave market, and feline this noire the feathers descend to as low as 59. per pound: Tim finest feathers come from Aleppo. In the Matter of footgear, dark tan glaTe kid is the I fashionable wear of the moment, having quite eclipsed I Russian tan,and tan calf-white footgear is now being eschewed for day wear by well-dressed women,it having beeorne very cheap and common. For evening, fanciful shoes, of any shade to match the toilette,are worn,orna- mented with large buckles. , Cencerning gloves, those of the suede and doeskin persuasion are the best worn, in dainty tones of biscuit, antelope and fawn. And in this manufacture the French may still be said to excel' us. Care in cutting out is Ithe great point, beyond the fineness of the leather. Bean Brummel, in the height of his glory bad thel thumbs of his gloves cut by one artist, and the fingers etc., by an. ether. Before 1825. French gloves were prohibited to be imported. This prohibition had the effect, by prevent- ing all competition and emulation with the foreigner, of checking improvement, and of rendering British gloves high in price, and inferior in quality. In 1861,the duty on gloves imported was entirely repealed. Deep silken fringes have put in an appearance, and promise to be much en evidence on ball and dinner gowns, Iduring the coming winter. This is a mods though, only Ipossible to the wealthy. Silken fringes are most expen- sive and—wear badly. No doubt cotton imitations will be put upon the market, for the impecunious, but these should be left there. A cotton fringe turns rusty almost before one has had time to sew it on the gown. Cheap and nasty indeed, is a cotton fringe. Dancing men appear to be getting scarcer every year. A certain hostess wbo gave a ball during the last week of the past London season, was in such dire dread of her dance being a failure, that she sent to the men pathetically worded notes in her own handwriting. In

America a hostess nowadsys need feel no dread, appar- ently on this score. According to a New York paper just to hand, a company has been formed there for the purpose'asupplying hosts and hostess with what may bis termed "convenient "guests. Noblemen to take the hostess in to Supper from 80 dollars. Retired majors for chaperons from 10 to 60 dollen, old gentlemen With decorations, the same price, cotillion specialists ditto ; dancing men, good talkers, from 10 to 50 dollars ; danc- ing men minus coaversatimal powers may be had cheaper. The coolnets of the cucumber has been ascertained to be a scientific fact. it is al ways considerably cooler than the surrounding atroolphere. It has also lqng possessed some reputation as a cosmetic,in the old mean- ing of the word, a" healer" of the complexion, not a " beautifier." Cream of cucumbers is prepared from I thavpulp of eucumb.rs, ,witn a iv-Astute of almond oil, ' and other ingredit nts. Cucumber Preserve.—Slice a cucumber, leaving the peel on lengthwise. Weigh, and cover with an equal weight of well crushed preserving sugar. Let these stand 24 hours, then pour off the juice. Boil the latter to candying point, having placed a little root ginger in it about one ounce to each two pounds will be sufficient ,n add the cucumber to the juice,and boil 15 minute atter this remove the cucumber from the juice, and let the latter stand till ,old, when the cucumber may be added. Stand till next day, then bell all once more for 15 minutes, "MADGE.

The Institute of Journalists could not have chosen as its president-elect a more representative and uni- versally respected journalist than Sir Wemyss Reid. He has been conspicious in the front rank of jour- nalism for thirty years. For seventeen years be edited the "Leeds Mercury," leaving that paper when he became general manager of Cassell and Co. As editor of the "Speaker," he has upheld the aistrtonsetimes unoldlciaLtraditions of Liber- alism with admirable vigor and judgment Ever a fighter, he deals smashing blows, and he can take them with excellent good nature. As a raconteur be has few rivals, and, since the circulation of good stories ought to be one of the functions of the Insti- tute of Journalists, Sir Wemyss Reid's term of office should be distinguised by a precaptible rise in that tide of anecdote which refreshes the souls of all rational men.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL TEETH

:gyVege- _orpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to stay lured. Chemists, is. 1?"

who use daily an the tooth brush a few drops of e SOZODIONT pleasantest de .W.frice in the weald. Cleanses the teeth and sPanes between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath encored. it'ak for SOZODONT. GM

CARTER'S LITTLE ~ . LIVER PILLS. ,1114‘ • ~.• sm.la Pm BY grist, Dale. or all ' ;,.4 cglift,ll Broal Price. '4, ITTLE FortY in a 'IN, WE R vial. I , . .. , i e FIL put,' the Cure Tr

===== 0002601_18980902_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER ('FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1898

CoPYri9ht A WARD OF THE'KING.

BY KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author of "Maisie Derrick," "The Story of Lois,' "Patty," "Louisa," "At the Red Glove," "Miss Eyon of Eyoncourt," to.

(

===== 0002601_18980902_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
TO GIRLS 1N" LONDON. A NOTE OF WARNING.

As an instance of the clingers which young girls are constantly called upon to face, not only in the hugh metropolis, but throughout the country, tne following es s' is quoted from the" Brixton Free Press." Miss May Flower, a young lady whose personal ap pearatice is as charming as her name, resides with her- parents at 22, Holland-road, Brixton, S.W., and though but twenty-two, she kis gone through far more than Mat young women of her age, as she explained to the reporter.

"Ever since I was fourteen," she stated, "I have bean a great soffer.r from Anoemia. I was treated at King's College Hospittl,and for seven years I was ander four different doctors, but the little good they did do me soon gave way to worse attacks. I could not walk across .tbe room without support, owing to extreme weakness. I had fainting fits, palpitation, and would be sick for three days at a time. I could not eat,and was frightfully reduced ; everybody thought I was going to die. "My sister Grace, who had been reading one day a little b:ok concerning Dr. Williams' Pink • Pills for Pale People, strongly urged me te try a box of the Pills. I had very little faith in the experiment, but after tak- ing a few doses I began to experience distinct relief. I continued to take the Pills, six boxes of which have absolutely cured me, and I have gone to the City regu• larly on business for some time now. lam so altered that a friend remarked, Haw is your sister, is she better ?" Oho could hardly realise that I was the ...—_ ' Miss Grace Flower, a yourtz,er sister, was most en• thudastic over the change in her sister. •" May," she said," has had a truly wonderful recovery. Before she took Dr, Willhuns' Pink Pills we all feared that she was going to die—she was in such a weak and languid state," More bloodless, anemic people have been made strong hungry, energetic men and women by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People than by any other means. They are the finest tonic in the world. But you must look for the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, or it is of no use. In case of doubt send to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 48, Holborn viaduct, London, E. 0., enclosing the price. 2s. 9d.; or six boxes 13s. 9d. The? cure paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica; also all diseases arising from impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets,chronic erysipelas, consump- tion of the bowels and lungs' ansemia, loss of appetite, palpitations, early decay, all forms of female weakness, and hysteria.

Minuets Pans/cm—The following patents amongst others were appied for and published in the" cial Journal of Patents" during the week ending August 20th. Nos. 17,538, Handle Birch, Beaton Park, for im- provements in apparatus for automatically causing a Offi fIOW of water or other fluid by the fusion a a suitable Nat or connection, 15th August ; 17,624, H. Smith. Burnley, for improvements in can openers, 16th August; 17,641, E, H. Burrows, Preston,for improvements in the manufacture of plaited woven fabrics and in apparatus therefor, 16th August; 17,715. W. Senior and G. A. Kennedy, Pendleton, for improvements in ap- paratus for grinding the cards of carding engines, 17th August • 17,615, T. Duncan, Oldham, for improvements in guards for circular saws, 16th August ; 17,773, J. Eades,and the Manchester Carriage and Tram- way Company, for improvements in reversible electric tram-cars, 18th August; 17,942, J. McQueen, G. E. Ross and S. Hawley, for impmements in slabbing inter- mediate and roving frames, 20th August ; 17,951, G. Elnelgkinson,of Darweo, for improved means for glazing roof and similar pasts of buildings, &c., 20th August. List supplied by Geo. Davies, C. E. and Son,Chartered Patent Agents, 4, St. Ann's-square, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
L" " CHAPTER XIX.

UNDECEIVED. T. - It was a dull afternoon, but Jeanne's spirits felt lightened as her • thoughts followed the noble fugitive; she ardently wished that she could have spoken with him, and assured him of her complete devotion, of her determination to be true to him. She was sitting absorbed in these thoughts, when Mathurine tapped at the door, and came in, her eyes radiant with delight, her whole face full of excitement. "Does my lady know that they are come?" she said joyously. Jeanne's thoughts were so full of the Constable that she stared at the girl in terror. "What ,inean you, girl? Who has come ? " Mathurine started in her turn; she wonderea what ailed her mistress, for both she and Anne were sure there had been love-passages between their lady and the handsome young Count of Laval. "Madame has bid me name -no name," she said, dropping her eyes, "but it is our noble leader; Gaspard and the rest of the troop are with him." Jeanne rose. "Do you mean that they are actually in the inn ? " "No, madame, but they twill be here before I could count a hundred. Shall I not braid madame 's hair afresh, and will she not change her plain coif 'Mil the broidered one?" Jeanne flushed ever so little. "You forget, Mathurine, that ; am widowed, and that my attire needs no ornament.. Where is Anne? Bid her come to me." The news had fluttered Jeanne; she felt excited, and she now sent Mathurine away; she wanted time to think. She would not cherish suspicions of Laval, that would be both unkind and unjust, .for aught she knew. She had never seen a map of France, St. Feriol might be near Lyons; she wondered why she had not asked her hostess how far distant the city was. She would not suspect the Count, but for all that she meant to keep her promise; she would certainly not tell him she had seen the Constable de Bourbon. Indeed, she could net affirm that it was really he; it was therefore better not to speak of the strangers who had stayed at the inn. The,women cam,e in smiling. "My lord Count has ordered dinner to be served in the eating-room; " Anne said; "and when I told him that madame was always served in her chamber, his Excellency bade me ask madame if she will honour him with her presence. Dinner is about to be served." "Mathurine, you can say I am coming; Anne will stay with me till I am ready to go dpurn." Jeanne saw Anne pout her lips in the old sulky fashion; she therefore concluded that the girl had not tired of Gaspard's flattery. This troubled her far more than it had done during the journey, for it was possible that Anne had become aware of the presence of strangers at the Flew de Lys, although she might not suspect their quality. It would not be safe to command the girl not to speak on this subject. She foresaw that if Gaspard really was engaged in hunting the Constable he would learn from, Anne all that-Inid happened in his absence. There was only,nae way,.., and Jeanne, after some reflection,

resolved to take - "Are the soldiers going on to the village to join the others F" she asked.

"They are all gone but one and the Cont of LavaL" Anne 'could not hide a deep blush as she stood facing her Mistress. She looked eagerly at the Countess, expecting that the name would bring at least a flush to her sweet face; but Jeanne was o,alrn and pale. "You will attend me, Anne, not only now, but whenever I have occasion to see Monsieur the Count of Laval; and you will remember that he does not wish either his name or mine to be spoken publicly. I wish you to be constantly with me, both indoors and when we 'journey again. Gillonne used to order these things for me, but now I must give, my own orders; and—and, listen, child; it is not seemly that one of my women should herself to be talked to by a trooper. You un.derstand, therefore, that in future you are to avoid that man Gaspard." The toss of Anne's head 'and the defiance tbat flamed in her eyes had made her mistress, say more than she had intended. Jeanne could hardly tell why she had taken such a dislike to this man, or why she felt that he was not fit to talk with her unsophisticated women; she was too inexperienced to guess that her prohibition had greatly' increased Anne's danger. It dicrhot occur to her to remember the old saying about "fruit that is forbidden." She presently went down to the eating-room, followed. by Anne. De Retz stood at the door, impatiently waiting for her. • • "Ah, my dear lady! "—he bent and kissed both her hands—"the ,joy of seeing you bales expres- sion. Mon Dien I .1 have pined day and night for such happiness!" Jeanne smiled genially. Anne made a deep reverence in return for the ConriCs greeting. "I am glad you are coine at last,-'monsieur," Jeanne said, "for we fin& thhs !;pince very dull. Have you seen the King, Monsieur le Comte ? " He held up his hand in•ivarning. Then he said: "I have much to tell you, when we are alone. May I not send away your woman?" "All in good time." Jeanne would not yield to him; he seemed already to be assuming a right over her. "Ah, there is our meal it is a welcome sight," she said gaily, as Marietta came in with platters and trenchers. "I hope that monsieur is as hAngry,,ps -I am, and will do justice to the pi 444 Ahnl'i ordered, and was fortunate enough to secure. I assure you, monsieur, that-a change of • food is not to be had herel/4244 have to live oxi eggs ancipaiity of venison. ,Mirroi, - I I have not seen a cake 'since. I left'alonguedect" She laughed .merrily at him. "Girls ot.ray age, you know, are' supposed to exist on cakes and sweets." „

He led the way to the upper end of the• table, which reached from one end of the long dark chamber to the other. Then, going close to Jeanne: "You will at least allow your woman to sit And cat where she is? I can thee speak more freely." Jeanne bent her head • she made.a signtto Anne, and then placed herself on a rough wooden seat beside Laval. It was, after all, very pleasant to have someone to speak to again, especially so hand- some a espalier. have heard," he said, "that damsels are made of cakes and sweets, and other such dainties—, "And I, monsieur, once . read a sonnet Which said we were imade,oU4 sighs and tears, doubts and fears,' "-she said with charming archness. , "Nay, that wrongs the lovely sisterhood; 'tis rah& we who have to sigh, though manhood for- bids' tears; while doubt and fear become our per- petual portion, 'till our lady deigns to smile onus." •Jeanne could not help laughing. "I had not thought you gave way to sentiment, my lord; I fancied only women and poets indulged in such pastimes." He looked at her with passionate admiration. "Doss, not your heart, dear lady, tell you another tale ? " His voice was so- very low that Anne could not possibly overhear him. "I will not believe that so fair a form can enshrine a cruel heart. It is, I believe, your joyous freedom from love's torments that makes you so unwitting of the wounds you have dealt." His eyes were full of pathetic entreaty, and the girl found herself perplexed how to answer. It was a relief when Marlette brought, in a second lish of food, the pullet Jeanne had inentioned, larded and stuffed till it was the size of a capon. . ,

Laval caned her a choice morsel with his claaer,

and presently he pressed Jeanne to drink a ca-iiof Afalvoisie, but she refused. • "And now I wait for my answer;" he said in a low voice. "In good tooth, wounded to the death as I am, I have no power wherewith to conjure an answer; I can but wait the sovereign pleasure of my queen." "Memsieur mocks me!" Jeanne said briskly, "lie-knows-well-enough there is-but one queen- ir France, our good and holy Queen Claude. When I go to Amboise, I hope to see that noble lady; my sainted mother in her youth was one of Queen Anne's maids, and she held Princess Claude in her arms when she was but a babe. Tell me, monsieur, when shall I go to Amboise ?" He was looking ardently at her; it seemed to him that he had never before realised her extreme charm of face and figure; but, in truth, the quiet rest at St. Feriol had greatly refreshed the girl. She had travelled so constantly since she quitted Lonvedec that fatigue, as well as the shock that had wet her at Laval, had told on her appearance.

Now. as he footeu at tier loVery race with that rarely delicate skin, more often matched with blue iyes and fair locks than with such deep grey liqu d eyes as Jeanne's, and such a rich glow of auburn hair, it seemed to him that her beauty was perfect. Her charm stirred his blood; for the time he forgot her wealth. As • she talked and smiled, a tinge of , bloom shewed on her clear, colourless skin. She reminded him of a faintly-tinted blush rose; but alas t he told himself, she shared another attribute of the flower: he feared she had thorns for =A-111'07aq thuch:- "And I grieve that you should wish,for Court pastimes and pleasures ; but I must do your sovereign bidding; full well I. know, at Amboise -there will be others who will sun themselves in your smiles, and who will try to win your favour'; though, dear lady, none can offer you a truer devotion. The fervour in his voice,, the glisten in his eyes, were real, and they troubled Jeanne; it was a shock to her that all unwittingly she had won the love of this brave, handsome young soldier. . „She supposed that she would he •enrcted to give hers in return, but she felt no answering throb of affec- tion.' She had greatly overcome her prejudice agaihst Laval—unless; indeed (and she now fell ashamed of the suspicion), he was trying to capture the Constable—but she did not. want a husband. She knew she could not marry again for some / time to come; why, then, should she be : again ottered by a betrothal? She was free, :And she resolved to keep her freedom as long as she ! could._

"I have told you, my lord that my,. reason "for going to Arnboise is not because I wish for Court pleasures; Igo to see. 'my cousin, Madame de Chateaubriand.."

"A very , fair and sufficient ,teason ; the beau" tiful Countess has many demands on her time, and many -favourites; yet without question she will gladly welcome so fair a relative • I doubt, how- ever, if she can interest herself' much on your behalf."

Jeanne looked saucily at him. • "What do you mean ? " she said gaily. "I believe you men are all jealous of my lovely •Francoise ; I have been told she possesses great interest at Court." "Doubtless," he interjected. Are you jealous of her? Rolland de la Toucbe —I mean the Vicomte d'Orbec "—she spoke. more gravely—"spoke just as you did; I believe he was vexed with me for loving her." A sombre cloud darkened her companion's face, his eyes narrowed, till suddenly their cruel glitter • reminded the girl of the fear with which they' had filled her in the chapel at Longuedec. Her clear, truthful eyes betrayed her fear; he forced a smile and said carelessly: • "Ma foi, madame, the Vicomte d'Orbec is a brave soldier, but he knows more of the camp, I fancy, than he does of the Court and its polished ways." Jeanne saw a slight sneer which he had not meant to shew. "Irs.s he found his way to the Fleur de Lys?. You speak, madame% as though you had lately talked with him." Jeanne 's blood was fired; his tone of authority annoyed her. "No, monsieur; I only wish he had come to enliven my solitude; he is my oldest, my best friend." • She did not choose to tell Laval how completely Rolland had deserted her ; and as she realised that the Count of Laval was the only protector left her, for both her brave uncles had fallen at the battle of Marignano, it seemed to her that it was unwise, if not wrong, to harden herself against his evident liking for her, • "The Vicomte d'Orbec is perhaps of kin to you ? " Jean was angered to feel a faint flush kindling on her cheeks under, the keen scrutiny of those narrow dark eyes; she knew they read her 'easily. "No," she said calmly. "Monsieur d'Orbec is a noble gentleman, and my parents loved him, but I do not know when I may see him again." , Her calm baffled Laval. , • , "Madame "—he spoke formally—"l shall, with your leave, return to the subject of my hopes; I feel that I ought not to have left you so long alone, but I have not even now had leisure to tell you the result of my journey. By the way, you had, I believe, two wayfarers in the house till lately ? " He tried to put the question carelessly, bit the keen look in his eyes did not fit with his tone. The girl was startled; she had hoped she would not be called on to fulfil her promise. Her- voice was unsteady gutshe answered: "I told you a have been alone." "'ln your positions. dear lady, it would be un- seemly to converse with strangers; but," he went on quickly, "you will not deny that strangers have lodged in this inn—aye, and traitorous strangers, whom you must have noted, but about whom you must, if you please, tell me all you have observed." Vett now he did not Understand Jeanne... He He thought that, -like other women he had known, she could be' brought to heel by firm management. She looked at him a moment steadily; then she rose,' and signed to Anne to follovr her. "Your, questions, my lord, are needleks ; they displease me because they doubt the truth of my words. lam not accustomed to be doubted, and I will therefore take leave of you." He fumed silently under her look and her tone, but he admired the dignified grace with which she walked to the lower end of the chamber.

CHAPTER XX. AT ST. BONNET.

Laval tried to soften his words and to pacify his charge, whom he likened mentally to a spoilt child, but Jeanne walked haughtily from the room without heeding his excuses. Freed from the glamour which her beauty had laid on his senses, he became very angry. lie longed to have power to force the truth from someone; but the silent hostess and her deaf henchman were alike impenetrable. They were both in one tale: all the guest chambers had been given up to the lady and her attendants, except a couple which had been retained by the soldier Raoul for the use of his lordship whenever it should please him to arrive. . _

Bt. Feriol was a good-sized village, and boasted a mayor, as well as the stalwart host of the Rouge Dragon, and therefore Laval dared not bully and threaten the timid mistress of the Fleur de Lys as he surely would have threatened the hostess of a solitary wayside inn. He gathered m fro Raoul, who alme up in the evening, that communication was frequent between the small hostel and the village. Laval told himself he was losing time; he had not found any traces of the Constable in Le Pay, and his present idea was, now that he had again possession of Jeanne, to journey quickly towards the Rhone. If it were true that the fugitive meant to escape into Italy, he must cross the river, and Laval knew that the best place for doing that would be at or near Vienne. He had paced up and down the eating-room with fiery impatience after Jeanne and her woman left it, but he soon saw that if he meant to succeed in the game he was playing he must keep a cool head and bridle his fierce temper. He judged from a certain uneasiness in Jeanne's manner that she knew more than she would acknowledge, and it was, he thought, possible that if he kept her with him she might by some uncon- scious revelation help his pursuit of the Constable. Meantime, he must not alarm her. He therefore walked down to the village, and finding Gaspard playing dice with Raoul at the Rouge Dragon, he bade them have the troop in readiness to start at sunrise. _

Gaspard yawned. "Does Monsieur is Comte still intend to push on to St. Bonnet ? " he asked. Laval frowned; the man seemed to be questioning his wisdom. "Certainly! Be ready to start at sunrise; let me find you drawn up outside the village." The easy insolence of the man's tone chafed his leader. Your pardon, my lord." It is not a keg journey to St. Bonnet, and after our forced ride to-day I had looked for some short respite." "Nom de Dieu! You may look for it, but you cannot have it, till a certain fugitive you wot of is in my safe keeping; till then, repose may be hoped for, not taken." Gaspard shrugged his shoulders, and turned away with a scowl. "Curse him for a tyrant!" he muttered, and when his chief was out of hearing he let fly a volley of fierce oaths. "He is greedy enough after his own pleasures; those of other folk may go to the deuce t " "I shall be right glad to leave this accursed hole!" Raoul answered. "Pardieu ! There is neither sport nor pleasure to be had, even for money! I meet but black looks and get surly answers. To my thinking, these folks are impatient

to see our backs'. I cannot. guess their meaning."

_ Gaspard shrugged his shoulders. “If you speak sooth, you are but a dullard, friend Raoul. What does it mean, say you? It means, my gossip, that they know whom we seek, and will not help us find our game. This is the proof that I have more of strategy in me than has our master; in his place I should stay here and watch day and night, and be Pleasant and ioTial

with all; then over the wine-cup, or from ag WoMan I f)s, 'would the truth leak out. Nom do: Diu! man, there you have it. Come, what say , you? Hare at': yott:lor ' another cast • the best Oa of three stands the cost. of a flask of Malvoisie.

. , ; Meanwhile. Laval had gone back to the little hostel, and summoning one of Jeanne's women, he :sent word that nrgent, need' required him to set forth at sunrise, and that it would be safer for the 'Countess to 1403911rpiu4bim• He had been too angry to explain to Gaspard. bit ,reason for. au early start, 'but lie knew that part a :the way to St. Bonnet was steep and rough; be also doubted whether he could lodge all his trOoli in the miserable little inn on the bill. In their last journey together, Jeanne .had allowed 'Laval to ride beside -her; while her maids followed a short way behind.' He save-when The Countess, in obedience to his summons; appeared at,,sunrise that he was'not for- given. 'Before she mounted her horse, 'Jeanne bade her, women ride one on either side of her—a' eight which drew a'mocking laugh from Gaspard as soon as the Conntess carne up with the troop, that waited for her outside the village. - He looked meaningly at Raoul. "Fair and softly; zny lady; let him laugh who wins and Love laughs at locksmiths!" ,The beauty of the. road engrossed Jeanne's attention; 'and 'when, later on they began to mount the steep hills—so steep that the road ,was cut in zigzags to make the ascent possible—she cried out with delight when near the sümmt 'they' came in sight of a, splendid view of the snow-capped Alps. ' She had seen the grand mountains indistinctly on • the journey from Moulins into the Auvergne, but not like this. While she gazed, they seemed to rise higher and higher, till their rose-flecked • summits pierced the saffron-tinied sky, ;still glowing with the exquisite tints of sunrise; the imaginative girl told herself that Heaven had indeed opened t) her gaze, so lovely were the cool grey shadOws and silver sheen of radiance which lit up the giant peaks before her. Her exclamation of delight brought Laval to her side.

I

"It is a fine spectacle, is it not ? But on such a chilly morning does it not freeze you to regard it? " "Oh, no! I love the mountains! I eotila look at them, for ever!" she said simply. Facing those grand, inscrutable heights, untrodden by man, it seemed to her that the dark, scheming face beside her, handsome though it was, could not fully grasP the awfulness of their truth and sublimity. , They rode on for several hours almost in silence, and then halted for breakfast. She looked around her; but she saw that her maids and Gaspard were too near for her to hazard the question she longed to ask Laval—the result of his interview with the King. She resolved to wait until they reached St. Bonnet. She had become very weary, when the next zigzag of the road brought them in sight of a punr looking, weather-stained building on the irtill-fof' , "There is the hostel of La VerittS," Laval sat.i• ' "St. Bonnet lies at the foot of the hilL" Pl,e turned to Raoul, and bade him take the soldiers 01' to the village. . 1 Jean thought the inn looked unpromising; iti 1 windows were small and few; the walls were dam!! and mouldy; a manure heap in front, and sheaves of yellow beanstalks drying outside the windows.{ a dirty, neglected aspect to the place. i A long pole projected above the entrance do and from it hung the nude figure of a woman; her feet, in insular brown letters, xhich had' ea n gilded,, were the words "La Write." Th e figure drew some coarse laughter and a ji Il , from Gaspard ; and assuredly the sculptor of figure, which was carved in wood, and grey VC exposure to the weather, had not made Truth any way attractive. But the man's laughter ' hushed as a woman came forth from the below the sign. She was very tall and t her face had a strangely-repellant expression; Jeanne felt that she recognised it. She asked I- where she had seen its like. Laval lifted the girl from her horse, and 02, turned to the woman, who greeted her without tai; of the effusive reverence she had lately received. 0 "I am sorry that madame has dismounted,. she said; "I have no chamber fitted to lodge " lady and her waiting-women." d Laval had turned away to speak to Gaspard, as Jeanne looked intently at the hostess et., surprised a glance of terror in the woman's that at once reminded her of her arrival at SF Feriol. So low that even Mathurine, who stood nearest her, could not overhear, Jeanne said: "You have nothing to fear from me women, but I warn you, do not find room for men"; then, as she looked into the dark eyes, flashing back significantly at her own, she under the face before her and where she had seen its , "I have stayed at Moulins," she went on, "at Caur Loyal, and I have spoken with Tiler Voageon. Mathurine "—she turned quickly to attendant—"bid Anne follow me closel. good dame will show me to my chamber." , Mathurine had not heard, but she had seen

ore 100 r, 1; 10 once joke , Abe io S door erect; )11 ; herself

or my r the now understood , lite. at 16140 I bet Thie the

--

poetess turn pale, and she felt inquisitive. mad seen Gaspard go up to Anne when the COlll‘ teft him, and she was glad to call her compainl sway from the fellow's whispers. Mathurine :hat Gaspard had turned her companion's hefty' A.nne had been of late sulky and silent. The hostess led the way into the house, ana he girls followed their mistress, Laval came so Gaspard. Listen, he said, "that little fool must tell 11l she sees and hears"—Gaspard nodded—"but will be best for us not to lodge in the same host. We must not awaken suspicion, but we must sear at hand. There is, doubtless, another outlet be back; you must watch it.; the rat is, I thi' his time in the trap, and she must not find it ( io leave it. There is much to be done ll' aightfsll."

LOW lad 0 10011 t v toete,l° .nust .. outlet IF T. thin% it bef

===== 0002601_18980902_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
7T

(7ro be continued.)

STOCKINAS, FliAl'i lERS. may be dyed and CLOAKS , aw inbniaoct ladtchaort Diamond: smudge if you Use , FAST Dye Diamond Dye FeSt Elacks are of tbrm e l kas—one for woo one for cotton, all one for silk al, feathers, Will noiAt fade or wash o and the first tria4 with a 6d, packacd , complete success, to{ / are Easy to User, they Stay Wadi; e qualities, with the iq mess—for one 6d. pack sakes an old gown commend them to all. A dainty book" Sae' Card lolf Homeo Dyeing" sampleso f d filly , cloth, sent gratis and 0 ,1 _ ' free. Addles, 01/LISOND DYES, 31 di 32 Snow Hill. London. g• ti,.l'

Aires

ensi The. and These cheap] age ra new-, Kir

celiful,

WARP ER'S S.A.Xsmilo, -cr xt xl

HAS NO EQUAL FOR

LIVER TROUBLES,

GrA.1.414 STONES,

INDIGESTION.

A Wife

- SYRESHAM, BRACKLEY, NORTH HAS. --" For over ten years I suffered from eg" treme torpidity of the liver, and biliousness, causing indigestion and loss of appetite. ) Failing to get permanent relief from the various medicines and treatments tried, I was persuaded to try Warner's Safe Cure. ' 1 I took it for about five months, and as 34 result fully recovered my former good health, , which I have enjoyed ever since. It is not': five years since my recovery, and I have fered no relapse of the unpleasant symptoms. —(Mlf5.) MARY ANN HART. ik IL Cliero--

. eiv TOBACCONISTS commencing.-5 Inuatraror.„..rell 259 pages) ad. Tobacconists' Outfitting C0.,186, London Hairdressers fitted.—/stanager

A I gro ho NveE 4%1 1411

*it (the: :YOB :"?8.1

!Pa bro gre ton th€ E, Of to it ec 14 e,

_ 1:41 BLACK r-wert...,tl 00 ......,. ( it ~.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
I

'lra Etll.

RUGBY, STRETTON - UNDER - "Nothing suits me so well or does me s° much good when suffering from ner wousnes:l indigestion and general weakness, as warner Safe Cure."—(Rev.) C. G. SQUIRIELL.

Price of Warner's Safe Cure, Ftg per bottle, of Chemists & Delue'"`

===== 0002601_18980902_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I*" '

===== 0002601_18980902_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL" CHAT.

ittle be se., the

his t of ; he rooP

had aide hie for- )ade ight

ch a t ? " k at hose

not Rind were aged the

St. nest op .3 on

09 gave 00ro ; 5t Once jOk. the witil h jo woe door 'reelf

my • the now toed like. ,t Sraei o be

the She ol joteV esa

A _4lO bow' 7°. . ut it' stir- st 1# et _

51764)',

J

0 ISt .ce 01. ID-1 ad

j. ,o-r°* fif‘•

Mr. Arthur Balfour was to be seen on Monday Raiding his bicycle through thi crowded traffie at enaring-crois on hi 4 wiy to the Foreign Office. fie 'wore a cap, and nobody—not even the policemen on Point duty—seemed to recognise him, unles4 in deed Mr. John Barns, who happened to be crossing Jrnta.Parliamen`..-street to the Strand, did BD.

This is seriouq new ab -tut the Royal Mint. In- tired, no diubt, by wicked jealousy, the Mint hiraney belches horrid v apors, which tre said to be Injuring the Tower. So far, the Tower has stood Silently on its historic digitity The Constable has ti,ereanded no explanation front the Master of the 4int, though the latrer official is roundly accused 133' a codtemporary of" sup -trvittional laxness." That Vence, if we clearly understand it, haa brought raany heads o the block ere now. Will visitors to the Tower, two or three centurieq hence, gaze awe- struck on the axe which catuted a vacancy ia the Mastership of the Mint ? We wish to avert this Catastrophe by begging the Mint to let the Tower alone. Both ins'atu!ions are highly prized b the illation and if the Tower has a certain suoeriorityon Point of tragic drama, it is to the Mint that we owe the currency. Let us hear no more of angry vapors 'Which candot be rittcessary for the coinage of sorer- Signs so r4iee aud bright, an I sd unequally distri- eated !

in legal circles the general view is that Mr. Paul Taylor's opinion that the police magistrates have jariscliction under the new Vaccination Act is cor- rect. Dlr. Curtis Bennett' opinion to the contrary teet9 on a failure to notice the fact that police egistrates, having all the powers of petty sessions, practically eit as a tribunal of that character, :11r. Bennett's remaining difficulties as to the mean- °lß of the word " satisfied " and " other person " r!re not considerAl insuperable. The term " satis- aed "is used in 2n analozous sense in the Lunacy Act, 1890, and has been the subj-ct of judicial con.. etruction ; while' othn. person" means, it is con- tended, any person, whether guardian or acting Ruardian, liable to prosecution for failing to secure the vaccination of a child.

, M. Pavloffs removal from Pekin to themulpo is the only feature of the new situation in China 11-!lich had no be foreseen for some time past. The Withdrawal of that astute diplomatist may moan _one of two things. It may be an. indication of Itu,sia's willingness to co-operate with England in the development of to 'at-1r policy ascribed to our Foreign Office, or it may simply represent a further i step n the scheme of Ras iin aggresion, Japan Will look at it in the Icter light. Whatever the explanation may be—wnether the new move be dictated by frieorlship towards lnglanl or by a determinition on the part of Russia to reassert her Waning influence over the Corean Court—the result to Japan must be ecpally unpalatable. The success Japanese diplomacy in Wrea was made a re- some time ago against Lord &Rebury, who ftetben cuins Ted by some of his refractory lot- to take a lesson from the plucky little ch",er which had so signally outwitted Russia at *71)1111p. The conclusion of those fire-eaters Ctild uppear to have been premature. The game in prooTess.and he would be a ras !loan who etltured to Predict the manner of its ending.

lhe metropolitan press generally has given a ~Zraolnitarian welcome to the Czar's proposal for a p-"6rerence on disarmament, and has even gushed a „ rod deal about the pr )spect it holds out for the olaUgUratiou, some distant time hence, of a new era universal peace. I find scarcely a man of fin- .i4rlcial standing in the City who considers the pro- of°r, Europe in disarm a practinl entiment and humanity must be laid entirely aside in the matter, and the hard facts of human 4ature and the Eu °peen situation examined. The refit Continental Powers, to whom the call for dis- h2lanlent necially applies, have for some months gorging themselves with spoils wrung by their aggre;:mans from inoffensive Powers, and we nielves are almost at war with China at this (Zraent in consequence of the aggressive tyranny 14,4„dietatim exercised bv the Czar's own Govern- pow't upon the Tsang-11-Yemen. Every European er consenling to disarmament would be 4sed with jealousy as to the honesty of its neighbour; there would be no guarantee that dis- -rinamenr, if the terms of it could be arranged, Would be honestly carried out. And the adjust- tttent of thole terms is generally regarded as pre- senting difficulties which are practically insuper- able. But it will be for the would to wait and see What the Czar has further to unfold, Our Govern- 1/31„ent. will, of courie,agree to the conference, though . Balfour has MOTO than once declared, from the treasury Bench, that a scheme of the kind is im- - Possible.

LAracing all the cynical things that are being said • Ill Out the Czar's extraordinary peace mezisage, per- the most hardened is a prediction which I b ve heard to the eff-ct that it will encourage the boriti,h Foreign Office to take a firmer line with . ain China. In some quarters the Imperial re- is assumed to be a cry of distress, betraying , the e xhaustion of an overburdened Titan. With 1." school who hold this viw Russia's weakness is saai ed as England's opportunity. Putting senti- irnt aside, they would have the Government reply oetho meoiage by making it the occasion of a far- -5b15 settlement of our claims in the Far East. :11 Prance, of coarse, there are politicians who will Dl'sg„°rcl the proposal from an almost precisely analo- "'Q stand point—who would be prepared to give it Orsentliusia&tic reception. provided always, as a leet `uniary condition, that Germany restored the Provinces, and that England carried Oct her knistniss to evacuate Egypt. Russia herself would •eis,"Jably not go far in the negotiations for partial thcament before endeavouring to exact from his A'a3peror William an undertaking to abandon aro "'ligns on the terrivories of the Sultan. These the,"4l3' a few oi the difficulties which •present WitVelves to the minds of the least sceptical. " many internat,onal questions still await- atVettlement, it is thought to be oaly too prob- iintimtht,tt the Czar's conference might come to an 44,0 —e'Y end even iu the discussion of prelimi- des. happily, fn-

, y for the East London Water Company,the —l-IRht of which they have been making such bitt ar complaint appears to have come to an end. oweri of rain have been frequent durinz the last reek. The long spell of sub-tropical belt and tali skies skies is evidently over. None but holiday- ,!gakers will regret the change. With its existing ZYstem of water supply Landon has been proved to le a quite unsuitable place for experiments in the waY of prolonged periods of fine weather. Even Ijisit.ll the rains of Monday and Saturday to augment etcres, the East London Company found them- 72ves compelled on Tuesday morning to hint at the "Biibility of a further curtailment of the supply of 14r- It is to be hoped that they will now be '1 the necessity of taking so unpopular and so us a step. As it is, their failure to meet the Ijoirleies of a season for which all the othermetro- bro "all Companies bad had the sense to provide, has LlRht them into extremely bad odour, and has taea,tly strengthened the popular demand for publie vaililLrol of the entire water supply. The subject 42 be heard of again, probably to some purpose, at reassembling of Parliament. liere •

is a chance for local free libraries. Mr, W. ei,`4oulden, of Canterbury, is dosirous of disposing to 7 000 volumeein every department of literature" h„-,Pablic library in order to avoid their dispersal. 4.4,1.4 willing to take £l,OOO for 10000, which may "ler be paid down, or extended over twenty 4R tonll a instalments at three per cent interest." The ection has been examined by Mr. Edward i!kett (chief librarian of the Camberwell Public t ruies) on behalf ot the Folkestone Library I tomittee yourable, and that gentleman has presented a o rePort. The library includes a," rich co_Pection" of old folios and quartos on classical and ttotental history and antiquities," superbly illus. theted," and on "early travel,"; collections of ,Qtrical literature and Shakespeariana, and an wortresting collection" of topographical and other relating to Kent. Then there are 700 novels to tttliY ot them newly bound). The library is weak this .e Scientific side,but, as Mr. Foskett points out, an advantage, as science is nothing if not up tkitut.ate. Mr. Foskett recommends Folkestone to to "a firm offer" of £)00, but olkestone appears (lift „''ve backed Out" in consequence of financial toco'_hlties," Presumably, Mr. Foskett will now ,hl4l,iii)er,iap up the bargain. 4,98. ANIMALS AND Flsll STUFFED, AND t t .;10ounintoeduntiend, ,7118aoss fCoras Bale. any design. HiEntoDSHaanng 11444' or Fire Screens. Beale In British and Foreign .thades44fl Animals' Skins. Butterflies, Birds' Eggs, Glass ,iNuisittt;,gll. Heads. Cabinets, Store Boxes, Nets and all uqlsrmit, for Butterfly and Egg Collectors,—B. Cooycz. ..atyhil.hl and Furrier, 21, Rensha w . street, Liverpool years. •

, • ar. tiet, Poi watt a, 111 !Pared ugt p • gerOUS as 411. , _4!l - 6

===== 0002601_18980902_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
I

ited

MEETING OF G E \MMUS AT WARRINGT )N.

INSPECTION OF LONGFORD GA.S WORKS. Tae Warringten Cerp aration ties C ommittee haw- ing invited the Manchester Di:Agee Institut ten of GAS Engineers to visit their works at L tegtorti arrangemeate were made by the Co tarnittee tO hol 1 the 115th quarterly meeting at Warrington This event took place on Saturday and a rao t enjoyable and profitable time woe spent. Tne me:nbers en- trained at the Central S ainu, Menchester at: 10-30 and on their arrival at Warring'on they were met by Mr. C. S. Haddock, (t te president of e e Institu- tion and the energetic gas engineer to the Warrington Corp )ratien) ; Mr. Alderman. Fairclough, (chairman of the Gas Com- mittee) ; Councillor Heaton, (vice-chairman) and Councillor Evans. Conveyances were in waiting to take the members to the L mgford Gas Works. There were present :—Aessrs. 11. B arretr, Clitheroe ; Thomas Brown, ‘lattlock Bridge ; Isaac Carr, A.M.1.0 E., Wtdnes ; William Carr, Stalybridge W. R Chester, M I.C.E Nit ineham ; John Cock- croft, Littleborough ; William Duff, Morecamb 3 ; T. Duxbury,Nlidileton; Cha• lee elliot L eylan %and S Haddock, Warrington C tortes Hartsell, Accring- ton; H. Hawkins Tedmorden ; Richard Hooton, Ash- ton-under-Line; Joseph C. f nenam, Remsbottom , P. W. Johnston, Moeeley ; FL. Keedrick, Stetford ;1 E Lord, Whitworth. near Rochdale ; John McCabe bin, Chorley ; S. S. Moeller. Nor thwice ; Richard Mer- rell, Moseley. John Merrell, Gaythorne, Manchester ; S. Meunier, Stockport ; George M at, Purston, Pon- tefract; Joseph S. Naylor. Droyleiden ; William Newbigging, A.M.1.C.E., Manchester; W. a. T. Nor- folk, Leek; Robert Neaten, Milnrow ; William Orme, Congleten ; J. C. Pennington, Col main Bay; Robert Porter, Elland; F. Pritchard, Huyton ;C. E. Smith, Penmeenmaveriv W. Severs, Wilmslow; R. 0. Shad- bolt, Grantham ; Hebert Suttees, Lyoem ; W Taylor. Gliessop ; Th meas Thomas, lEn utsfoad ; Joe oh Tim- mins, A.M.I.C.E Wigan ;H. To wneeni, Wakefield; E. 0. Watson, Rawrilarah W. W hatmotigh, Hey- wood ; and Edward Williams, Conway. On arrival at the works, light r .frashments were at once served, and subsevently an inapection was made. Some iatereetine inform atien wita reference to the works was supplied to those present by Mr. C. S. Haddeck. It appeers that the Warrington Gas Works were first originated in 1820. Tee works were built by Messrs. Barlow and Bros., and they had the manage- ment entirely in their hende until the cost of censtrue,- tion could be paid, The tswn was first lighted with gas in 1821 and the price was then 154 per thoueand cubic f oet. The fleet near I Mr. HAdchek could find of thee annual make of gas was the.: referring t 1839. Tne following table shows the progress wnieh has beea made : Make in Year. millions. Price. s. 1839 13i 15 0 First record 1847 16i 4 6 Borough incorporated 1877 128 3 3 C niperetion purchased gas work; 1898 282 210 Lot record The works were constructed on the Mersey-B'r oec site, which was only given up last ve or as a manufacturing station. The Mersey-stre it works have been rebuilt several times; but in 1879 it became necessary ta make further extensions, which f arced the Corpora- tion,who took over the gas works in 1877, to select a now site. This was found at Longford, and 16 aces of land were purchased. A sd ne from the London and North-Western Railway Company was brought on to the land; and the coal-trucks are run along the retort. house on an elevated railway. The waggons are "hopper" bottom; and by reaming the trap-doors, the coal slides out of tne tucks into the coal-store. At the present time the Corperatien are making ane-ations in the retort-house, which is 74 feat wide and 190 feet long. The retort-house is r ellared from outside wall to outside wall. The retort settings comprise two benches each containing six beds of eight D retorts 22 n. by 16in. The settings are on the Kionne system, as modified by Mr. Paterson, of Cheltenham. These settings are capable of producing rather over 11. millions cubic feet of gas per ate diem. T retort-house is arranged for West's manual stoking machinery', and the Cerperation have just en- tered into a contract fir same. Eaech setting is pro- vided with a separate hydraulic main ; and any one section can be closed off at will. It is intended to pull down the old retort-b -aches, and double the new arraagemeat. The coed-on-a is vertical, and con- sists of four rows of 12in cast-iron pipes. Each contain fourteen lengths of pipe about 30 feet high. The ex- hausters are of !nankin and Cone, manufacture, and comprise two 40,000 drums driven by an engine, and two 60,000 drums and engine combined. The ter washer by C. and W. Walker, is designed to remove the tar when passing 2 million cubic ft et of gas per day. There are three scrubbers, each capable of purifying Icubic feet of gas per day. The tower scrubber is 901 t and 915., and was erected by Ashmore, Benson, Nana, a-id Co. It is fitted with Green's screens and water distributor. At present, it is used for concentrating the weak liquor from the other washers. The washer-scrubbers ame of the Kirkham, Hulett, and Chem:her and Clapham well- known makes. The purification is finished in six boxes 471 t 3in by oft, made out of two 201 t. square boxes. As at present working, one box is arranged as a catch purifier. The material for charging the boxes is lifted by chain-elevators from the ground floor, and dep esited into b mows in the boxes, and so spread over the grids. Each Flintier has four 16 inch shoots, through which the foul material is dis- charged on to the ground fib ar. The covers are raised by a winch, which is driven by belting from a steam engine. The motor is of J. and 5. Braddoek's manufacture, and is capable of passing 70,000 cubic feet per hour. The gasholders are two te eacopic ones, and when filled they coatained about 1n millions cubic feee, of gas. There are also three small gasholders at Mersey. street which contain e million cubic feet of gas when filled. These holders are filled from the Longford works; a special main and exhaust plant having been put down for this purpose. The gas is distribume from Longford through a 20 inch and a 18 inch geverner, both of J. and J. Braddock's manufacture. At the Mersey-street works they had two 12 inch and 16 inch governors, The sulphate plant consists of a Waikar'is continuous still and heater, which is capable of working up 25 to 30 tons of liquor per day. The saturator is designed for a Wilton discharger by which all the salt is raised on to the drain- ing floor. The tar plant consists of a primary still for working ten tons of green tar.. The vapours from the primary still pass through one of Ellis° a's pate-it heaters. By this arrangement, the green tar is heated, and to some extent dehydrated. The cistern for storing the oils also acts as the roof of the press-room and anthra- cene store. The visitors were greatly interested in the working of a machine known as the "lightning painter" which by means of compressed air sprinkled the paint upon ironwork in a manner quite equal to bled painting and at a greater speed. After being photographed by Mr. T. Birtles, the mem- bers left for the Lion Hoteewhere they were entertained to lunch by the members of the GAS Committee. An ex- cellent repaet was Served by the manageress, Mrs. Gil. bert,tci whiclef nil justice was done. Several toasts were afterwards proposed and duly honeured. • The toast of the Queen and the rest of the Royal Family, which was proposed by Alderman FAIRCLOOGEL who presided, was drunk with musical honours. Mr. FIADDOCX read the following letter from the Meyor, who was unable to be present : " I very much regret that it will not be possible for me to met the gas engineers of the Manchester district on Saturday after- noon, It would have pleased 1113 very mach to hive welcomed them to our geed old town of Warrinetoi on behalf of the Corporation, but I am sure the Deputy- Mayor, Alderman Fairelough, will do it quite as well. ledy wife and family have been away ten or eleven days, and la-n spending the week-end with thin at St. Anaes- on-the-Sea. I hope your friends will spend, a pleasant day, and leave with a favour able impression of old War rington." (Applause.) Mr. hese CARR (Widnes) said it was an honour and privilege to ask them to drink the heal'h of the Chair- man(Alderman Fairelough)and the Vice-C ;airman (Coen- eillortHeaton) of the Gag Committee. He was sure it needed no words of his in submitting that toast for their approval. (Applause). He should like to take advantage of that oppertuniter to say a word or two re- specting their visit tint day. They had been exceecoingly interested in the works they had b ten through that morning. He personally was perhaps better able to judge what progress had been made, because he had I been through the old Mersey-street works as well as the ILongford works, and he was pleased to say that great I progress had been made. (Hear' hear). Of course they ,all knew that most of that work was due to the gas manager, but he ventured to assert that no gas manager in the world could make strides unless he was suppotted by the chairman and vice-chairman of his committee. That was essential to good management. The name of Alderman Fairclough was a household word in Warring- ton, and be wan one of the giants of industry in the dis- trict. Councillor Heaton was a gentleman he had bad the pleasure of knowing personally for a number of years. He had made himself a name in the Ueda of the district, and had risen from small things up t very great things. He was sure Mr. Haddock must feet very proud of having gentlemen of that description at the head of his committee. (Applause). Warrington was making progress in the matter of the productioa of gas. They had it before them that at one time gas in War- rington cost 15s per 1,000 cubic feet. (Laughter). To- day the charge was a somewhat less figure, and he thought Warrington bad, so to speak, caught the affinity of the district in being near to Widnes. (Hear, hear, and laughter). He had great pleasure in complimenting the Corporation of Warrington upon the advanced policy they were pursuing. Not long ago they made a reduc- tion in the charge, and now, in a very short time, he understood it was proposed to mike a considerable further reduction. (Applause). It showed that they were not only making gas for the benefit of the con sumers, but they were fully alive to the best interests of the undertaking. He was sure that as long as the War.

are I

riagton gas works were in the hands of such gentlemen as he had had the honour to name, toe concern was bound to go on progressing. (Applause). Alderman Palau:mime, in reply, t soaked Mr. Carr for the way in which he had pripesad the to Ist, and the members for their reception alit. He could only say they were pleased to welcome the gas e igineers to War- ringten, and he only wished the day had been more favourable for their enj etionent of tee visit. He thought their institution was a very grand idea. They met one another at such gatleeriags f)r t leir mutual benefit, and the result must be very satisfactory. (Applause). He was sure the Committee's hospit ility that day was a very cheap way of getting valuable nit oimaeon. He thanked them heartily for their reception of the toast. (Ap- petuse). Councillor HEATON said he could assure them that It had always been the desire of the GAS C ommittee to do everything they possibly could far the benefit of the undertaking. In their Pr:sident, Mr. Haddock, 'May aid a very valuable gas engineer. (APPlauses) There was no doubt that the members of the Corporation had often been told that Warrington was not like Wid- nes—(laughter)—but he had no hesitation in saying that it was the intention of the Warrington C irperatioa to keep Warrington like it always had been—superior to Widnes or Liverpool or any at the °deer placee which were formerly known as being near Warringten. (Bear, hear and laughter.) Be was pretty nearly the oldest member of the Gas Committee, and had gained con- siderable experience in seeing what other c ominittees throughout tee country were doing, and he was very pleased to be told that day teat his committee were in the direction for doing what was r:gitit in the future. (Applause). He had every reason to believe that in the near future they would be able to still further reduce the charge for gas. (Applause.) Toey had had an opportunity of see- ing their last gas retort,and he had heard several gentle- men express the opinion that the committee were par- suing.a right policy. He was obliged to the members of the institution for coming there coat day, and he was sure nothing could have given the Gas Committee greater pleasure than to meet them. (Applause.) Councillor EvAtes, in proposing tne toast of the Man- , chaster District Institution of GAS Engineers, thanked those members of the institution whose works he had visited with other members of the committee as a depu- tation for the kindness they hi..tou to them. One thing that ha 1 struck him very forcibly since he had been a member of the Gas Committee, was the hearty and unselfisn manner in which different gas managers had given them the information they required when they were re-modelling their works at Longford. He could not do less than thank teem most cordially for their as- sistance. He ehoull like to couple with the toast the health of the President of the, Institution. (Applause.) Tney had a more intimate knowleige of him than of any of the vii ors. He had had a rough time of it with the criticisms of the Council, but he dared say they had all hal a similar experience. (Hear, hear, anl laughter.) The more closely they were connected wite their Presi- dent the more would they appreciate his worth. He had bceh the confidence mil respect of his committee. (Ap- plause.) Me HADDOCK who was cordially received on rising to respond tanked the members for the kind manner in which they had drunk his health. The works they had via t,cl that day were only in a half finished conditien, though the work had been harried for ward as much as possible. For some years it had been the wish of the Gas Committee to place the undertaking on a thoroughly sound basis. They had a capital charge of between 13 pence and 14 pence per thiusand when hi took over the management, and it was, of course, im- possible for the committee to sell gas at a low pride with such a large capital account. He advised the committee that it would probably be bA er to close one of the works. They had works then in Msrsey-street as well as the Longford works. One of the works cost them 101. a ton more for coal. They considered the question of dismantling those works and transferring the under- taking to Longford, and found there was jest a bare possibility of them being able to de it without loss. The difficulty was taken in hand, and completely overcome. Last winter was the first winter they had made gas at the Longford works to the exclusion I the Mersey-street works. It was before only possible to proeuce have a million at Longford, but during the summer they had increased the production another half million. They would be able to produce a million in the new retort house and that effected a very great saving in the cost of production, and enabled them to reduce the price 3d. They hoped with a little more work on the same lines to get down the capital charge and give the benefit to the gas consumer.(Applause.) Up to the present time the gas consumer had had to pay the piper. They hid been un- able to get any grant from Government for the cost of the transfer, and the whole cost had been defrayed out of revenue. As regarded their institution, he might say that the membership was now 140. The whole object of it was that they could meet together, give one another information, and ae far as possible assist one another in I arriving at cheaper methods of making gas. Tneir object was to produce gas at a low cost. They joined the assooiation knowing that they would come in con- tact with members woo would do their utmost to assist them to produce gas at a low figure by telling them of their failures and successes. Another thing which in- creased the importance of the institution was the reading of papers at those meetings. In the particulars he hai given the members of the drive they would shortly under- take to Bautsford he emittel to mention that before they crossed the bridge over the Mersey there was an old house which had caused a good deal of dissension. Some members of the Carporation wished to have it pulled down, aad others wanted it kept up. (Laughter.) It was the old Academy, the academy with which Dr. Priestley, the disceeerer of oxygen, was connected some vears ago. It was also at one time the home of Mrs. Barbauld, the Lancashire poetess, and he had no doubt it would be interesting to them. (Applause.) Mr. W. R. CHESTER. Nettinghana, proposed a vote a thanks to the Chairman and the Gas Committee for their hoipitalitv. The town of Warrington possessed a very great interest to their institution. It would be remem- bered that it was the town of adoption of one of the pioneers of the Manchester Distr:ct of Gas Engineers, a gentleman who for a number of years was an ornament to the profession and a highly esteemed engineer of the Corporation Gas Works in the town of Warrington up to within a very short time of his death. Warrington als3 possessed an interest for them because it was the centre of an industry which had contributed in a large degree to the prosperity of the gas industry,that was the menu- facture of gas stoves and appliances. The town hid as a resident a gentleman who had been more prolific than than any other in the invention of gas stoves, Sec., and ' who had done more than anyone else to promote the prosperity of the gas industry. (Applause.) Another interest Warrington had was mentioned by the Presi- dent. It was the town of adaption of Dr. Priestley, the discoverer of oxygen gas, so vital to all industries, and of no small importance to the gas industry. (Applause.) He was sure they would heartily support the vote of thanks.

Mr. R. G. SHADLOLT. Grititham,SeconclNl tie motion which was carried with acclamation.

Alderman Feign Lotion, in replying, Said it had been a great pleasure to see the gas engineers there, and be tru:tqd they would pay another visit when they had completed their works. (Applausa). The members then left Warrington at half-past two, arid drove to Knutiford. By permission of Colonel Piers Egerton-Warburton, Arley Hall, the party drove through his private park. On arrival at Knutsford, tea was par- talion of at the Royal George Hot 1, ani subsequently the business meeting was held.

sNIJINE 3N1AN991401.115, oytto- Ce-cf ;TAke,Rt. zrittly rAitice I PricAi. Hnoroawii STOOK !so BANJOS, GUITARS. VIOLINS, C. J!,O,

• ARCHER AND SONS, 15-49, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. yetab)tshed 1848 Telephone 615,

iela. v. •• tr.l:fAN Ittly re 11

===== 0002601_18980902_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
HATTON AMATEUR HORTICULTURAL

SOCIETY.

The fourth annual exhibition in conneltion with the Hatton Amataur H adieu!tare! Society took place at Hatton Cottago on Thursday laat weak Mra.Cvril Green- all performed the opening neremour at 2 o'clock. The ex- hibition was held in two are marque 8, and there was a considerable number of ladies prearn'. from toe dis- trict. Tee quality of the produce was above that of previous vaars, and thnre was a renord number of en- tries. Sir Gilbert Greenill had a semi-eirale of miseel- laneuus plants on exhi ition thouzla not for competit'on. la the evening tae Walt in band played for dancing. The following is a lit o prizn winners:

_ J Neatest and best stocked kitchen gsrden(specisl prize given by Mrs R I Wynne-)ones). t John Done. 2 llMaddock, 3 John Done. 2 II Maddock, 3 John Dobson. 4 Jahn Green. Best and neatest fl,wer garden (special prizes given by Mr R, I. Wynne Jones), 1 f Hankey, 2 J Cliff, 3 W Latch, 4 A Morton.

Best stocked and neatest kitchen garden for Mr James Parr's tenants only (sot, dal prizes by Mr James Parr), 1 Thomas Rutter, sent 2 jeliff,AA.,'Tttrar,t,2a,_4 R Meredith.

CoTTAGIVIV CLE5.33138, VEGETABLES -Potatoes (3 varieties), T Rutter sen., 2. J Green, 3, El Hankey ;cabbage (white) T Rutter sea., 2 J Boamiall ; 6 onions (spring sown). 1, J. Cliff, 2, W Lockett, ;Pdelis peas (r of broad beans pods), 1. W Wilkinson, (6 Po is). 1, j Cliff, 2. T Rutter Gen., dish of 2 3, 11 Mock ; cabbage (red) W Lockett, 2 H Haddock ; 2 cauliflowers, 1, J Littlernan, 2, J Dobson ; 6roots shallots, 1, tt: j 2,DWobWsoinl, k i 3n u sonst;:cidshoonj French beans, 1. W Lockett, 2. J Cliff ; dish of scarlet runners, 1, W Lockett, 2 B Hankey ; 2 cabbage lettuce, 1, J Dobson, 2, W Lockett ; 2 stick,' white celery, 1. and 2, W Lockett; 2 sticks red celery, 1. J Dobson, 2, J Done ; 2 white vegetable marrows, 1, 3 Jolley, 2, J Dobson ; 2 green vegetable marrows, 1, H Maddock, 2, T Green; 6 Carrots, 1, W Lockett ; 6 turnips, 1. T Rutter sea, 2, J Dobson. Best collection of ve4etables (6 varieties), 1, W Lookett, 2. J Cliffe, 3, J Done, 4, T Rutter, FRUIT DISH CF COOKING APPLES-1., W Leach, 2, A Taylor ; dish of dessert apples, 1, B Hankey, 2, A Morton ; dish of pears. 1, Mrs Miller, 2, R Mere ; dish of goose- berries, 1, J T Rutter, 2, T Rutter, sea.; dish of red currents, 1, J Littlemore, 2, R Mereilth ; dish of plums, 1, W Done, 2, j Bramhaq. WINDOW PLANTs.-Beßonias, 1, Mrs Littlemore, 2, H Maddock ; double fuchsia, 1. W Dean. 2, H Maddock ; single fuchsia, 1, j Green, 2, if Maddock ; geranium, 1, H Mad- dock, 2, Done ; pot of rnusk, 1. T Ruttersen. 2, tobson; Ivy gernainlual, 1, B Green,2,A Taylor ; e. window plants, 1, A Taylor, 2, W Dean. CUT FLOWERS. -6 double dahilias. 1, J Cliff; 6 single dahlias, la' Cuff; 6 cactus dahlias. 1 111 Hankey, 2 J Cliff ; 6 pompon dahlias. 1 J Cliff ; 6 asters, 1 W Leach, 2 B Hankev ; 6 French marigolds, 1 W Done, 2 J T Rutter; 6 African marigolds, 1 J r Rutter, 2 A Morton ; 6 carnations, 1 j Cliff ; 6 Pansies, 2 W Done ;.6 ten weeks stock, 1 A Morton, 2 Meredith ; 5 roses, 23 Chef ;6 various cut blooms, 1 Cliff, 2 W Done. BASKET OF WILD FLOWERS.-ArrangOcl by children not over 12 years or age, of Hatton township.-1 Elizabeth A Mullen, 2 lithe! Duncalf, 3 Hilda Haddock, 4 Mary B Morton 5 Annie Jolley. 6 Flora Cliff, 7 Ellen Hankey, OPEN CLASs OF CoTTLGES within 3 miles r ullus of Hatt on Board sch viroorn.-Plants (any variety). 1 j Miller, 2 A Taylor; cut flowers, 1 B Hankey, 2 PI Alright. VEGETABLES -Best collection vegetables (6 varieties). 1 W Lockett, 2 J Cliff, 3 J Done, 4 Miller ; 2 vegetable mar- rows (white), 1 P Wright, 8 P Wright ; 2 vegetable marrows (green), 1 J Guff. 2 P Wright ; 2 sticks celery (red), 1 J Dobson, 2 T Whitfield. FRUIT (BEST COLLECTION).-1 dish apples (cooking), 1 dish pears and 1 dish plums. 1 P Wright. 2, P Wright 3, A Morton.

OPEN CLASS FOR GEM/ARAL' COMPETITION. THREE BEST For OF ISONEF.-1 FR Birch,2 J. Cartwright, 3 F Gandy. PARKBR'S CLASSRS. 3 varieties of potatoes. 1 R Warburton, 2, T Warburton ; 3 swede turnips, 1 T Billington. 2 P Clare ; 3 common turnips, 1 R Warburton; 3 marigolds (red), 1 Moore, 2 T War- burton ; 3 marigolds (yello,v), 1 J MoOre, 2 T Warburton ; 24 ears of wheat, 1P Cl ire, 2 Hatton ;24 ears of oats (white), 1 J K Priestner. 2 P Clare ; 24 ears of oats (black, 1 Hatton ; 1 basket of butter (two jibe and two ilbs), 1 J Hatton.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH PAROCHIAL COHMITTEE.

of this committee was held ia St. Thomas -- SclihomolZetiStug oektin Heath,on Thursday last week with Mr. Davenport in the chair. Tnere were alga present Messrs. Pearsm, Mclntyre, Clark and Mason, with Mr. John Ashton (clerk) and Mr. J. Swinton (surveyor), and Mr. Farrington (inspector).

WATER CLOSET SYSTEM. The Clerk reported that he had wirittn to the Town Clerk of Warrington fir the bye-laws relating to the nutter, and the clerk hid sent birn copies, but nano of these contained any reference to the particular question. They had decided t) apply ti the Local Government Board, bit taey had had no answer yet.

_ THE ALLEGED SMOKE NUISANCE, The Chairman said Dr. Adams at the last meeting of the Rural Council submitted a report of a nutssnee, and It was suggested that a Committee be appointed to wait on Dr. Adams and inve itigate the alleged smoke nuii— ance st the Stocktm Heath Spade Works. This had been done. .

Ti;: Mason said they had intended presenting a written report that night, but as they were aware Mr. Pember- ton had been taken seriously ill. He would give his opinion as to what they saw, and would leave it with them as to whether they should take it as official or not. On the day in question they had the place under °loner- vation until 5 o'clock- There was no doubt that a lot of smoke was made at a very low elevation, but they were not prepared to express any opinion on the merits of the question. The ground was in a bai condition, but they were not prepared to say what caused it. He saw the smoke playing about well on the ground. They were told that it was irepossib:e to carry on the businea without using the bias: furna3,s, but they were trying to car 7 toe smoke throtizh the roof. Dr. Adams waS an enthusiast on the matter and believed there should not be arty smoke. In prier to do that it would be necessary to reconstruct the who eof the works, and they could not ask them to do kians'4 it alto;eller so far as the smoke was con- cerned iL ot a nuisae injurious to health, and, ha did T ad it w not a think they eheull take any action in the matter. After some discussion as to the nature of the smoke and from whence i! proceeded

Mr. Mason said thy were trying at the Spade Works to prevent the smoke as much as possible. and t') carry it into a cupids. They werd spendlng some handrads af pmnds arid doing all in their power. Mr. Pearson: I think Caldwells are doing their best to mike improvements and no other complaints are being made. After some further discussion Mr. Pearson proposed that the subject be left as it stood.—Mr. Mclntyre seconded and the prmosition was carried. This was all the business.

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 3) 'Fears. In boxes 48. 6d each, o all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through °int th world, ne sent tor sixty stamps by the makers, Tiie Lnoolne and IS/idle:id Coucties Drug Company, Lincoln.— dvt

===== 0002601_18980902_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
LIMITED.

MESSRS. FLEICHER, RUSSELL AND CO.,

ANNUAL CRICKET MATCH AND TEA.

The employes of Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co., Limited, the well-known gas apparatus manufacturers, of Warringtun and Manchester, arranged for the annum crickot match between Warrington and Manchester branches to take place last Saturday. Strong elevens, consisting of the best players amongst the Manchester and Warringtin junior teams had been selected to cona- pste. The woiks band had arranged a programme of music to be played on the field, and what promised to boa very interesting and exciting match,and which had aroused a considerable amount of interest locally, was unfortunately spoiled by rain. The last encounter, w ich was played at Pondleton,resulted in a win for the Warringtonians. The Manchester men eagerly looked forward t) this return match with the earnest hope to brin4 m,tters level, but the weather proved unfavour- able,which the VVarringtonians think was to their ad- vantage. .

FtnSum; crizket impossible, the whole party, to the number of about 120, paid a visit te the new works, after which they adjourned to the Workingmen's Mis- sion School, kindly lent for the occasion, where full justice was done to an exceltent tea. A concert was held after tee, presided over by Mr. E. L. Fletcher, who was supportel on the platform by Mr. W. Neil, Pendleton, Mr. W. Fletcher, Mr. 'l'. Bowers, and oth?r.s Mr. FLETCHER expressed his regret that the weather had prevented the match, and hoped that even yet arrangements might be made whereby the event might corns off. He was, however, glad to see that the rain had not interfered with their appetites, for judging by the way the good things had disappeared they had at least scored well there. After a few other remarks, he begged, as they had a long programme to go through, to call on the works band to open with an overture. (Ap- plause). The overture was exceedingly well rendered, and re- flected great credit on the band and its able 3onductor, Mr. IC,rk. Other items were thee gOle through, which judging from the hearty applause given, met with the warm approval of the audience. Mr. W. Nem. and Mr. H. RIIDGE moved and seconded resp•ctively a vote of thanks to the chairman, and it was carried.

On the motion of Mr. W. RADDOW, seconded by Mr. BANKS, the thanks of the Pendleton visitors were given for the generous manner in which their Warrington friends had enterzained them.

Mr.A.Wright and Mr. Barstow were the accompanists. The following ladies presided over the tables :—Mrs. 11;rk, Mrs. Woodcock, Mrs, Wilrams, Mrs. Warburton, Mrs. Birchall, and Miss Landon and Miss Horrabirt. rue following is the programme :—Overture, band ; sane, " Mary of Argyle." Mr. S. Hassell ; song (comic), " McNamara's Band," Mr. J. F. Jackson; song, "Queen of the Earth," Master A. Johnson ; song, " Dolly Day Dreams," Master J. Baguley ; song, "Of! to Philadelphia," Mr. G. Gough ; recitation, "The Nominagon Day," Mr. Smith ; song, "Distant Shore," Mr. R. Bailey; glee, Mr. woodcock nod- party; song, "The Postillion,"Mr. E. L. Fletcher:9ooo'old Madrid," Mr. W. Johnson; song, (comic), "Slattreys Mounted Fort," Mr. J. F. Jarkson; recitation, " Boggart on th' Stump." Mr. Smith; song, " The anchor's weighed," Mr. S. Hassel; song, "The Little Yellow Coon," Master I Baguley, glees, "Woodcock and party: song, "Holy City," Master A. Johnson; whistling s.alo, Mr. W. Johnson; song (cnmic), "My Gals a High-born Lady." Mr. E. L. Fletcher; song, "Angels' Charge," Mr. R. Bailey; "God save the Queen."

===== 0002601_18980902_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED REDUCTION OF ARgAMENTS.

THE TSAR SUGGESTS A CONFERENCE.

The St. Petersburg "Official Messenger " publishes the following : " By order of the Tsar, Count Muravieff, on the 24th inst.,handed to all the foreign representatives accredited to the Court of St. Petersburg the following communi- cation The maintenance of general peace and a possible reduction of the extensive armaments which weigh upon all nations present themselves in the existing con- dition of the whole world, as the ideal towards which the endeavors of all Governments should be directed. The humanitarian and magnanimous ideas of his Majesty the Emperor, my au iist master,have lren won over to this view. In the conviction that this lofty aim is in conforrn ty with the most e!sential interests and the legitimate views of all Powers,the Imperial Govern- ment thinks that the p, erect moment would be very favourable for seeking by means of international dis- CURgiOil the moat effectual means of ensuring to all peeples the benefits of a real and durable peace, and above all of putting an end to the progressive develop- ment of the present armaments. "In the cmrse of the last twenty years I the longings . for a general appeasement have 1 grown especially pronounced in the con- science; of civilised nations. The preservation of peace has been put forward as the object of international policy, It is in its name that great States haveconcluled between themselves powerful affiances : it is the better to guarantee peace that they have developed in propor- tions hitherto unprecedented their military forces and still continue to increase them witltout shrinking from any sacrifice. All these efforts nevertheless have not yet ' been able to bring abmt the beneficent results of the d sired pacification. " 'The financial charges following an upward march strike at the public prosperity at its very source. The intellectual and physical str.ength of the nations' labour and capital are for the major part diverted from their natural application and unproducti rely consumed. hundreds of millions are devoted to requiring terrible engines of destruction which, though to-day regarded as the last word of science, are destined to-morrow to lose all value in consequence of some fresh discovery in the same field. National culture, economic progress, and the producti,m of wealth are either paralysed sr checked in their development. is moreover, in proportion as the armaments of each Power increase, so do they less ane leas fulfil the object which the Governments h. aye set before themselves. The economic crises, due in great part to the system of armaments A outrance, and the continual danger which lies in this massing of war material are transforming the armed peace of our days into a crashing burden which the people have more and more difficulty in bear- ing. Jo appears evident,then, that if this state of things were prolonged it would inevitably lead to the very cataclysm whieh it is desired to avert, and the horrors of which make every thinking being shudder in ad. Vance. " To put an end t 3 these incessant armaments and to seek the means of warding off the calamities which are threatening the whole world, such is the supreme duty which is to-day imposed on all States. Filled with this idea, his Majesty has been pleased to order me to pro- pose to all the Governments whose representatives are accredited to the Imperial Court the meeting of a confer- ence which would have th occupy itself with this grave problem. "This conference would be, by the help of God, a happy presage for the century which is about to open. It would converge in one powerful focus the efforts of all the States which are sincerely seeking to make the great conception of universal peace triumph over the elements of trouble and discord. It would at the same time cement their agreement by a corporate cense:tuition of the principles of equity and right on which rest the security of States and the welfare of peoples."

===== 0002601_18980902_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
We Guarantee Satisfaction!

Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles. Pains In the Back Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint, Diseases of Kidneys Bladder, Stone. Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout will had a Positive Cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box FMK not satisfied your money will be returned. Price, Is lid., of all Chemists, Or post free for 12 stamps. from ROLDROID'S. Medical Hall, Checkheaton. Yorks. Bld at 35, Bridge-street, Warrington. Don't be pat off. If you can- not get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sent neat post.—Advt

===== 0002601_18980902_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGAZINE CLIPPINGS.

LOVEMAXING IN SLUM-LAND.

The fickle are generally frank in Coster-land, and this peculiarity gives them a charm which compen- sates for other deficiencies. The steadiest youth I ever knew, when nineteen," walked out " with a young machinist. He was one of an o id dozen bun- self,while she was an only daughter. But his mother had come down in the world through marriage, for she had " washed for Government once," which means generally for a detachment of the Police Force, so though she was but a seller of shrimps now,and Joey but a shoeblack, she gave herself airs on the ground of past glories, and was not going to be humbled by Miss Hettie's feather hate. It was a game, however, which Miss Bettie was equally skilled in playing,and before long Joey came to me in a very perturbed state and owned he no longer fancied his girl. " You see, miss," he said, stammer- ing with shame, "it's not fair to be walking her out when I don't mean to have her, but it is very awkward to say I've changed my mind." "And why have you changed it ?" I asked. "It's this way. miss. She wants to show mother she's better off than we, EO she's always showing off. The ladies can manage their own affairs, but she ought to tell the truth to me. She will never go out with me on a Friday night; she pretends she bas visitors. But I know batter: she washes the stairs. Could I be happy, miss, with a wife like that ?" I tried to per- suade him that he was unnecessarily tragic over it, the; Hettie would improve with age, and that, if he had no other fault to find, I thought he was rather hard on the girl. No; he was very unhappy, but his mind was made up; his f aith ha i gone and he wished her to go too; so ultimately he had a stormy interview with the girl, who cried and raged and made a dreadful fuss. For a short time Joey went about looking very pale and sad, and it was some months before he took on with sweetheart N 0.2. She was a very vivacious dam- sel, and for a period completely twisted the shoe- black round her little finger. Then he sheered off and shunned her comp my for no ostensible reason. But she was of a determined disposition and quickly brought him to book. "I'm not going' to be made the laughing stock of th 9 court because of your goin's on, an' so I tell yer plain, Joe Smith. Do yer mean to have me, or do yer not ?" "I can't say that I da jest at present," ha replied politely. "And why not, pray?" she demanded tartly. "Your ways are not my ways," he began mildly, "Then yer might 'aye found it out afore," she interrupted, "and not let a girl waste a fortune in lace i and fallals to look smart for a chap who Can't value good looks when he sees 'em. Now good- bye, Joe Smith! this is the last yer wall see of me, unless maybe yer change yer mind, when 'Liza Dipps is ter be found as usual at No. 7, Stevens Court." With that she bounced off; but he did not follow her then or ever; for though he was curiously fickle, he was curiously firm, and when he found a young lady did not suit him he could not be threatened or cajoled into continuing the acquaint- ance.—From "Love in the Slums," in "The Quiver" for September.

TA RELIC OF BRITAIN'S SLAVE TRADING. A large proportion of the present generation who sing Britons never shall be slaves" will scarcely believe that less than a hundred years ago Liver- pool, now the second city of liberty-loving England, engaged extensively in the trade of carrying human beings as slaves, under the most inhuman condi- tions, from the African Coast to the West Indies and America; and that the city was so dependent on the proceeds of this trade that it was said to be financially built upon it. Such is, however, the ugly fact. For about eighty years tie slave-carry- ing trade was engaged in by Liverpool ship-owners with such vigour that the city was regarded as the chief slaving-town of the Old World. A slave sold for about £4O (prime cost £27, freight and keep £3 155., profit £9 10s.), the net profit on each being about thirty per cent. As late as 1807 Liverpool had 185 vessels engaged in this trade, capable of carry- ing 44,000 slaves. In that year, however, the batt:e in the British Parliament ended in declaring this mode of making money to be illegal. The con- science of the nation had found expression,and was then crystallised into law. The hands that had been " full of blood" were now to be stayed for shame's sake, and for conscience' sake. The accompanying copy of a bill of lading of a Liverpool ship-owner will doubtless interest our readers : "Shipped by the grace of God, in go xl order and well.conditioned, by Irving and Fraser, in and upon the good ship called the Byam, whereof is mister, under God, for this present voyage George Martin, and now riding at anchor in the Rispongo, and by God's grace bound for West Indies. To say two hundred and eight slaves, being marked and numbered as in the margin ; and ale to be delivered in the like good order and well- conditioned, at the aforesaid port of West Indies (the danger of the sea, mortality and insurrection only ex- cepted) unto Order, or their assigns. Freight for the said s'aves paid, vessel belonging to the owners, with primage and average accustomed. In witness whereof the master and purser of the said ship hath affirmed to three bills of lading, all of this tenor and date; one of which bills being accomplished, the other two to stand void; and so God send the good ship to her desired port in safety. Amen.--Dated in Kissing, 14th May, 1803.

'6 (Signed) GEORGE MARTIN."

, In the Margin:— "Men ... 97

____ ... ... ... ... . Women ... ... ... ... ... ... 39 8055... ... ... ... ... ... ... 44 Girls ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 25

Dea3...

205

Shipped ... ... ... ... ... ... 208 ela.vei." —From " The Quiver "for september. WHAT BOYS DO FOR BICYCLES.

The average schoolboy will work his fingers to the bone if he has reason to think that a bicycle will crown his efforts (says a writer in." Chums.") By way of experiment, a schoolmaster once promised to give a beautiful machine, to the boy who proved himgelf most worthy of it, and stipu, lated that all who entered the competition should work hard for a whole week, at the end of which time they would be required to submit an account of the way they had spent their spare hours. Ex- citement reigned supreme during the next six days, and many a nome was turned topsy-turvy by zeal- ous competitors for the coveted bike. Every lad chose a different method of showing his ability,and some of the claims handed in were decidedly original. One boy built a substantial workshop' but discovered when he had, finished it that‘he had forgotten to leave a space for the window; another actually made a coffin—" Just your size, sir," he told the master naively; while a third constructed a pretty gingerbread model of the village church, the chances of which were slightly spoilt by the marks of some predltory teeth on the spire. The majority of the lads, however, selected scholastic subjects, and the most maivellous achievement in this line was that of a fifth-form boy, who, without any previous knowledge of shorthand, tack led an old-established stenographic system,and mastered it so thoroughly that at the end of the week he could Write sixty words a minute, and transcribe his notes accuratPly into the bargain. One mu,i- cal genius confidently claimed the bicycle because he had learnt the Jew's-harp, the tie whistle, and the trombone, and was indignant when the schoolmaster passed him over. The prize was eventually awarded to an athletic youngster, who, with inexhaustible patience and skill, taught thirty persons to swim within the time stipulated. The verdict in favour of the last-named i feat was practically unanimous, and the disappoin- ted competitors, gallantly crushing down their feelings, gave the smiling winner a royal ovation. The youngest boy of an aristocratic but needy family used to feel dreadfully ashamed where his chums invited him t o accompany them on their rides, for he hadn't a bicycle of his own, and his father was utterly unable to provide him with one. Thinking that this state of things had existed long enough, he one day resolved to make a bold bid for fortune, and daringly carried his plan into effect It was the beginning of the cricket season, and the boy, having completely hidden his identity by dis- guising his features and wearing well-fitting but shabby clothes, went day after day to a popular county ground and sold penny packets of sweets to the spectators. There was something in his easy, graceful manner and refined accent which attracted general attention to him, and in a very short time it became quite the conventional thing for the ladies in the pavilion to bold converse with the little con- fectionery vendor, who was often given sixpence for a bag of sweets costing only a halfpenny. At this rate matters prospered exceedingly with him, and long before the conclusion of the season he had purchased his bicycle and confessed the deception to his parents. They were very angry with him at firs, esp2cially when be coollystated that be had on several occassions sold sweets_ to his own relatives, saw only the smartness of plan to raise money,andgraciously tbhuetir after 6o u, : rtiismkye , condoned his violation of -the family honour.

_ TEACHING CHILDREN HOUSEKEEPING. In the September number of the Windsor Nap:sine there is an interesting article on the

Domestic Economy Centres, recently opened by the London School Board, for the purpose of teaching girls practical housekeeping. The writer describe" a visit to the Bethnal Green Centre. "The theoret- ic lesson over, the vouni housewives were assem- bled in the bright little kitchen to be assigned their practical work. Two were set to scrub—the envy, these, of their companions; for scrubbing is per- haps next to marketing, the favourite occupation— two to clean knives, one to blacklead the grate and light a fire in the small sitting-room, one to lay the table for dinner, and so oa. Already two had been to market to buy the dinner arid stores for the day, and on their return had cooked tha dinner. Pre-. sumably it was Sunday. or the artisan would not have been treated to such a feast of roast beef, potatoes, French beans, and batter pudding Miss Horner, looking like a hospital sister in her pretty cap an i apron, flitted from room to room, giving hints to the little kitchen-. maids and housemaids, and,'above all, to the young tablemeid, who esideatly thought a carving knife and fork and tablespoons were useless com- modities. It also wanted a gentle hint from Miss Homer to remind the little maid that the angles of the table were not the places that diners would chose to sit at. It is in laying the tables that most mistakes are made,' remarked Miss Homer; and,listening to her instructions.one thought of the debt of gratitude that future employers of these young tablemaids would owe her. At last the table was laid,and the two young cooks were called to dish up the dinner. But the proof of the pudding was yet to CW1216. In the Belgian schools of house- wifery the young cooks eat the dinners that they cook. In Bethnal Green the pudding and its preliminaries are put to a more severe proof, for they serve as lunch for the teachers at the do- meitic economy centre. On the day of my visit,the young cooks scored a triumph with their nicely- browned meat, potatoes boiled to perfection, aid everything else to match."

===== 0002601_18980902_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
A AIYSFERY OF THE DEA.TII, RA.TE.

The belief seems general that of late years, on acceun of the improved conditions under whioh we live, there has been a merke I reduction of the death-rate in Great Britian. Looked ao frene one point of view this is the me, while, seen from another, it is not. An inoellieent scanning of the fieueee showe that the saving a life effe.ted by a better can tire' ant hygienic en vironmeat is main'y among infants, child •eci and young persons ; while in those past mitre ay the lesseaing of the deata rate hes been elight,and in the cases of preen' over 83 it ' has actually increased. The number or babies, children, and thin-bleol -el, anceinie young mei all womea is greatly out of propettien tot is num en' of he rip e and 'experienced, upon whom it mist be admit;ed, the wel- fare of any country chiefly depe eds. H I elth ad rigour between 40 and 75 are worth infinitely more to a netien than in youth and early maturity ; for (coot 'erg no doubt to the opinions of many) it is not the mere " workers " but the thiellers, and managers of affairs, the leaders in the prefessioa.e, the trades, &a., and the heads of hausehelde, woo give character aid prosperity to a nation. The great In ijoritv of these are always persons past middle life; and it is among themostowadaye, that c ertain diseases jare doing their edestructive work. What are these diseases, and can they be co atreled or cured ? Before we try to answer, let us cites t epical, a comm in illustretien : that of a women,wife, and heal of a family-11m R ecnel Dunean, of 435, Barking-road. Plaiatow, London. It appears that this lady had been ill for more thaa tweiety years; not bedridden, but ill to such an extee t hat all the pleasure and brightness bad gone out of her ace. The domestic work she did was do us ender 'elite hendicip. As time passed the disease was slowly but surely br !Wee; (beta the reserves of he,. cees-iou'imal strength. During this process her youth were away. leasing nothing in prospect but a mid-life spoiled for every prac'ical purpose, with no hope whatever of toe end we all desire—en old age fr .e from ilioeas.e,e gradual , and contented euthanasia.

Early in—need at the vezy;outset —of this dreary period Mrs. Duncan lost the relish for fo xi, which is so sure a sign of lo ,alth. She ate daily, of course, but in small anion its and with sm aner gd effpns. Actor fist- ing there was more or lesi pais a the che it and scorn soh; and sometim-s maim t, se viltent that there was no easa until the entire contents of the stomach had been re- jected.

Quito irequEntly she would be 93 oppressed with sense of suffocation so as to be obliged to labour for her breath. This was probably asthma caused by the actim lon the nerves of certain poisons in the bloo I created by I partially digested an I fermenting food. In some cases ' combined with heart trouble from the same cause, it is suddenly fatal ; and in all cases the dialog sr and fear of it is to the sufferer like living in dread of the " arrow thaC fivetb by thy, and of the pestilence that walketh in darkness."

In the night Mn. D incan often hal attacks of a rip is- modic nature in which it was thought she would not live to see another na Turough inibilty to digest nourishing food her streitith waned until her weakness excited the pity of all who witaessed it. As she walked It seemed as if she must at any nnmeat collapse and sink to the ground. More or less complicated with other symptoms, all slowly progressive and intractable to medical tnatm=mt, the malady ran on thus for years. At a time of life when with good health, Mrs. Duncan would have been m .ist happy in herieif and most useftif to others, she was a burden to both.

One doctor altar snot ler alsurcied cha•go of tho case sad successively abandoned it in despair. SJIII3 time since she chancsd to read in a newspaper of a case al- most identical with her own, having been cured by a medicine popularly known as Mother Saigel's Syrup. She began using it and presently found her self somewhat better. Thus encouraged, she continued with this re- medy—discarding all others—with a decided and obvious all-rou ad improvement. The symptoms rapidly abated, appetite and the power to digest returned with anatuial increase he flesh and strength. In a short time her health was completely re-established and has since re- mained perfect. "I tell my friends," said Mrs. Duncan to our rPprosootttivo. " that Mother Seigel's Syrup hae been the means of saving my life,and am wining that my statement should be made public."

-

. - This and many other cases tend to shsw that the die- safes which ar., shortening the lives of so many thou. ands, in and after the prime of life, are chronic dyspep- sa and its consequences in the form of other organic comp:aints. And any remedy which prevents or cures them ought to ba made known to the people both by Ong,u- and type.

- -,* NE-*-10.-* ler-*-* ZIK ,- •a°' "I PAY ONE-AND- * * FOUR.FOR MINE." lg. * "Yes." adds the shrewd and thrifty * *house-wife—" whether I'm at home or v away a-holidaying, I alaays buy BROOKE. * BoNDS' Is. 41. Tea, because I've proved it . *over many years to be better than any. • ' body e se's tea at the price." She knows lit that two-million people drink Brooke, 3or Bonds' every day ; she has read t,-,at the llJuse of Commons, the chosen of the *People, have . hosen Bre die, Bonds' Tea before all others ; and she is assured that 7.1 thirty-thousand Agents sell Brooke, ' *or Ponds' packets everywhe. All these real facts have backed-up her own opinion * about the tea, and she is convinced that She Is right, that the tea Is right, and that 30( the price is right. AFL ...i., When you are away for your little holi- day, this month, insist. Wherever you may b... on buying BROOKE BONDS' Tea *and Brooke. Bonds' only. It's sold in all * the holiday-resorts just as it is sold neat *door to your own home, Everywhere : s mar. tb same packet, the same quality, the same price. * * 10d., ) 1/-1 1/4 1/8I V-, or 2/4 * ALB. *

AGENTS *at the a:a-side, aud at your home-side. * LONG 3111 r * BROOKE BOND & Co., Ltd. *TEL MERCHANTS BY APPoINTMENT To THE PEOPLE • KEAI & I L , E. THE LANCA9HIRE TEA WAREgousE; 31/5 * 17, P Ci 01 L AD : ALTIE- N(:„ * AND AT LONDON, LEEDS AND n RADFORD . * itik- * lOC lOC*

===== 0002601_18980902_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
• , $- 1 . . .. • , , , •Y • ' : , , . , :.; . t 1,;,' 4 1 . I, •1 i , , 1. i ii ‘ II ( 1 i I ,[ i it i 4, 4 r ii.. f , 1 ; ' 11 ~ - ,•J 4 , 1 i Jj 'ql I') ' , q. , ..•,;•. , 1 •1, t •:.r ~ • ~ . . . . , , ki., • . ; I , .. Hl. h't ' • :! I ' . I !I 1 • .' 1 i. r '1 , ~ , •S' 11 . , ! .: f t , ~-• •,'f'-• ' 11 . • ..• ~ t • . ; ...f, • f 'i' ;;' ' •I' . 1,- 1, . I' • 1 . 11, •1. 1 . . ..:.'..11.4'' ' ' ''' 't•

1 ; I P ; • I ;''',' 1 I 1 ' , .., - If L 4 ; t; 1 i 1 1 1 ' ,1' ',ll .' Jf i i i 1 t 4. I 1 I f 1 It t it • i 1 ' 1 I 1111: ; I 14, k ' I I, f' 1 t ' I t 1 ; i lii I I 1! • ; 3 1 . !,; ;;;• • H'; i 1 t •,' k I r . i I 1 , k • ( ; I 1 : 1

===== 0002601_18980902_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
riTTF ~„,.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
.

, 1 I . A ? 1 i Ii 1 , , 1 4 i ~, . , . 1

It 1 11 i ‘i $ 4 0 . ' IC, iir 1 1 'tk f i I 1,.. i

===== 0002601_18980902_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 4 " •

$ , •

;

===== 0002601_18980902_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
$' •

tf I t•

Ball

7rt r. I

BUM

; *: • I s . t ‘, t s

/ t

, ‘: !.; • " 's : "

I, P- .

• •,1 . , 4 : •

Cbt 44 Oranliner" gptrufS

es Lazoisaras Aza CHEMISTS COMM'S NaperTPLES: Comprises

*THE Warrington and Mid-Ckeshire Examiner, pub- 1. Milled every Saturday morning. TIVE BarkaOtOrt and Newton Examiner, published 1 every Friday afternoon. TITRE 81. Helens Examiner, published every Friday .1 afternoon.

rria lower% Examimr, published eTery Friday J. morning,

ri'W Widnes Examiner, published every Friday .L Naming

PREPAID ADVERTISHNIDITS.

BITI7ATIONS WASITID, APARTMENTS TO HZ LEY, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APAR/MX=B WANTED !lONE./ WANTED, &mono ARTICLES NOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT M/SCELLANEOIIS WANTS.

MOUSES /ND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR BOLD. One Three 81: ords. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 118 .. ........ Os 8d ... Is 3d ... Es Od 27 Os 9d ... ls 10d ... 3s Od 38 ...... ...... ls Od ... Es 8d ... 4s Od 45 64 .........

1: onitOtir btrbanitc, kr.

- --- WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, 28, St. Andrew-et.. Fairfleld-street, Manchester.

-ANTBD, a GEBBBAL SERVANT.—AppIy Mrs. MORE- TV CZOTT, London-street, Southport. NY

ITTBD, good GENERAL. able to do plain cooking. Apply Ointrae HOTEL, Trafford-road, Salford.

VT ANTBD, good GHNBRAL ; age from 25 to Nl—Apply 138. ASHTON-10AD. Denton, near Manchester.

NVANTED, good GESBRAL, small family, comfortable home.—Apply 11,0AKDALc Itos.D,Waterloo,Liverpool.

IVANTED, a GIRL about 20, for GENERAL ; character required.-26. BLIZABETIL-EMBEICT, Cheatham, Man- &ester.

GARDEINBR WANTS SITUATION, age 36 ; geed referen- ce.. Address, T. Olean, Gardener, Hollowfarth, near ?rotten.

WAHTBD. GENERAL. good. for September 10; isble to cook and wash; £l6.—filrs. VicicEnmArr, 11, Royal- street, nary.

WA.RTBD, respectable GIRL. about 18 years, for house- work.—Apply 39. WALTER-STREET, Garnet-street. Hightown, Manchester.

ex- TV MINERAL able to cook and wash; also ex- perienced Nurse for twins four months old; state wages —Mxacian. Cliff Point, Manchester.

- WANTED, GENERAL and Nurse Housemaid for clergy. man's kouse ; four in family.—Miss DiXON.B REGIS- gat, 323. Fairfleld-road, Droyladen, Manchester. -

WANTS% situation as GANDENBIt ; no objection to cows or poultry ; married, one child; st liberty end of Reptember.—T. OWEN, Monkbopton, Bridgmorth, Salop.

'VT ALB and FEMALE NURSES INsTITUTION, 70, Hope- ILL street, Liverpool.—Established 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph.—•• Nurses," Liverpool. Telephone. 670

===== 0002601_18980902_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Aflacbintrp, etc.

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY DIRECT.—There- A_ tore, Telephone " Avenue 5,891," or Telegraph " Subas- tral, London" (A.B.C. Code used) or write THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL C0..19 and 20,WATER-LANE,GREAT TOWER-STREET LONDON. B.C. The Best and Cheapest NON-CORROSIVE MACHINERY and ENGINE OILS in the World. Send for FREE ORDER FORM and PRICE LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU.

CT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, 'KIM (late Ormerod 13 Grierson, and CO. Limited), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. .Catalegueof wheel and pulley patterns on appli- • .e 229.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
cation.

-Telephon4

FA TENT OFF !CP MANCHESTER, BBTABL/BHED Ix 1835. Measrs.GEORGE DAVIEii A SON have ha,4 more than 4C years' personal experience in connection with this Establish. merit, and possess practical knowledge of the woollen, and iron manufacteres. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, CAL, SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
72i anteb.

GOOD HAIUMIGS at horae by the HARRISON PATENT KNITTING blecieu4Ee.-48, UPPER MBooK-aTRISET. Man- chester.

A GIINTB WANTED to push first-class MACHINBRY 1-1_ OILS. Liberal Commission—Boa 31, Post Office, Liverpool.

WAR MEDALS WANTED dated 1843. or earlier 1392. or later ; also last Arctic; £2 each given 31aj or TOMB!, Drolterich.

FBW active MBN WANTBD, to call on Tradesmen ; good Day ; Penny stamp, Box 25,9. GIIILDFORD-ROAD.S. Lam- beth, London, 3.W.

ASSISTANT MISTIME; Wanted (Art. 50) la mixed school St. Helene. Salary £5O. Apply VICAR, Holy Trinity Vicarage. St. Helens.

VOUNG MAN WARTED. 355., per week and commission. 1. Regular work. Splendid opening. Address Coml.° W.!&L Farnworth. Bolton. Lanes.

ST. OSWALD'S, Garton-street. Rockdale-road. Manefleeter. WANTED, TWO ASSISTANT idISIRESSES. Standards I. and III.; salary Vb.—Apply MASTER.

1100 DIMINGHAM GOODS.—Everything for dealers. fur- Al Maher., clubs, ac. ;Agents wanted; wholesale book free. —Write ilszmy MAX. Factor, Birmingham.

WANTED for cash Postage Stumps (present issue English excepted) collections or loose ; unused stamps sashed. —PLIPAIIDGE AND CO., 63-C Chancery-11Lnc London. x

IrPOBACCONISTS Oemmencing. See Illd. Guide (259 pages) 3d. Tobaccioniste Outfitting Oo..lB6,Sneton-rd. London. Hairdressers Atted.Bstimates free.—Mgr.

THE MOST VALUABLE APPOINTMENTS ARB OBTAINED BY JOINING moors PREPARATORY COLLEGE

/terAlt. 1878. Greatest Tutorial Institution United King- dom. DBPABTMBNTS—CiviI Service, University and Professional, Business Training Aggregate First Tear's Salary of Successful Students during 1897 amounted to £31.660. NEW STUDhNTS (Oral and Postal), now being enrolled. Fullest details in the Guide and Prospectus, post free. _

OFFICES AND CLAM-ROOMS— Ramada Buildings, 5, BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL.

Co be tet.

rSNICIITH.—Cottages 41. 9d.. 3a. ed. and 2e. ad. per week. DALLASI-LAN2.—Large WORESHOP, ground. floor, rent 210. BUTTHRBIARKB2-ST2lllll.—Good front WM111110119% 2 Awns 226.

MIL-L-STREHT.—Several Suites oftlees. NEAR MARKET GATE.- Stable Is. 6d. a week 22, PINNER'S BROW. mat Is. 6d. per week. • 18, LITTON'S ROW, rent 2s. 6d. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. I, Bank-street Wu rington. Telepbone—No 55.

rro LET. TWO GOOD HOUSES, 28 and 30 Catherine-eta 1 three bedrooms; Rent 4e. 6d. each. Apply ABITON end WOODS, solicitorsalorsemarket-st.,Warrington.

LET. COTTAGBS of LOVELY-LANE. rents 4i. Apply Alarm's and WOODS, solicitors, liorsemarket-it., War- rington.

f-po LBT.—LARGEI ROOM, Grford-street ; rent .220 Apply /anion AND WOODS, SOliCitOrS, liOriSOlSlket-St.,

'TO LET, SHOP, with DUMB ROOM over-; la 01101'J-et, A. rent 213.—Apply AIIETON AND WOODS, Solleitors,liorse- markat-sr- w---' ' 11.

-Apply rarrington.

OUSH and SHOP TO LET, 81, Liverpool-road. suitable for Provision. Confeationery and Minerala.—Apply 1, Tirswras-amira-r, Warrington.

LIVT.—WABEELESE STABLE with rooms over, and large yard attached; rent P.2s.—Apply AINTON AND pat Solicitors. Eoreetnarket-eLeet, Warrington.

pREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply Ammon! AlfD WOODS, SOHOitOri, HOTlODUOtetellt., 'Warrington.

SHOP and ROUSH, 24, Butterznarket-etreet, Warrington; five bedrOolng, Bitting-M.3ml kitchen, scullery, two radian ; rent £50.--W. ISAAC, 26, Buttermarket Street. War- rington.

T'O LBT,-193, Padgate m -lane, 4 bedroos, 7e. 3d. clear also 28m1-Detached Villa with bath, 10s. clear; few minutes from 'bue.—Apply Thomas HARDING, Orford-road, W rrrington.

L' nig—Reddish Ball.—Large detached DWEILLING 1-4 HOUSE, containing four entertaining, nine bedrooms, and all oenveniences ; stabling, gardens, /cc. ; rent moderate. —T. HORBITZLD AND Co., 60. Icing-street, Manchester.

FRANCIS DELL, DRCORATOR, AUTHORIZBD PLUMBER, GLAZIBR, CROWS SBLECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always In Stock. 'so, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

flotels3, FpbroO, loarbing e£;tab.

apartnunto, $z Surnisbeb luntssess.

nOIIiaLAS.—APARTMBNTS,ConarnaooK Hones, Victoria- et.. one minute walk fr inJae boat ; home comfort..

A BERYSTWYTH.—Private APARTMENTS,cIose ts castle, ia. beack.—Mrs. ANDREW Dams, 4, Castle Terrace,Seuth- read.

BEIGHTON.—Gordon House, Cannon-place. Home to home. sear West Pier and Amusements, Address Mrs. RHODES.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. rsoNs, 27, Kent-road, off Chapel- street; 4 minutes from Central Station and sea. Reason- able terms. LLANDUDNO.—Mrs. STEAD, Englefield, Queen's-road Craig-y-Don. Publie and Private Rooms ; board if desired sea view.

I)LACLPOOL—South Shore.—Public, private APART- MENTSI/ ; terms moderate ; bath, plane : near church.— CARDWELL, 14, St. Chad's-road.

MORECAMBE.— APARTMENTS for temperance people, clean and good, beautiful situation, sea view.—Mrs. TURTOR, 17, Park-street, (Bare).

GOOO ACCOMMODATION for Picnics, pleasant country;; also superior Apartments.—Address Miss. BENTLEr Comberbach, near Northwich. BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. BEXSTREW 38. Templeton-terrace. North Shore. Good BEDS and Cooking; two minutes from sea; near Hydro; piano.

BLACKPOOL.—Clean mid comfortable APARTMENTS, at Mansfield Lodge, 50 Tyldesley-read ; home from hems ; terms moderate; public or private. x

PRIVATII APARTMENTS, with or without board. Cheap terms for SEPTEMBER and OCTOBER.—Mrs. T. CARINE. The Crags, Port St. Mary, Isle of Man.

OOMFORTABLB COUNTRY APARTMENTS, witia board terms 1 guinea per week :—Mrb. CORLIATT, Belle Kalgben, Onehan, near Douglas, Isle-of-Man.

ji AMSEY.—Mrs, WATSON, Bloomsbury House, Ballure- lA, road. APARTMENTS, beautifully situated, close to shore and pier; bath, hot and cold water. Terms moderate.

BLACKPOOL.—Mre. H. RAYNER, Alexandra House, 98, Albert-road. near Certral Station and Sea. Publio and Private APARTMENTS, with er without board. Pianos,

DUEGLAR and fire-rroof SAFIC by Mains; Chubb' 1-0 double locks; holdtast bands; 48 a26a 26 ; £l5. Also two smaller ones. 45s each.—Edwards, L'pool.

DBRBYSHIRB SPAR and TUFA for Rookeries, AO.-10EN BOND, Beeley, near Rows ley. I

GAT PIIHNOIf PHOTOS, OABINHTS, Wel. 7d ; list free. VARLET', Banton, Isle of Man. x

Ci_OOD acclimatised Talking Amazan PAllanTS ON SALE l_A- aC. BEAUMONT'S, 96, Raper-amt. Oldham.

PDITCH. Creosote Oil, Brick Oil ; retail or in ship loads.-- LORD, Ship Canal Tar Works, Weaste, Manchester. MUSICAL INSTBUMBEITS, at wholesale prices, illustra- ted Catalogue,tree.—ltotamulosr awn 00.,Otley,Yorka

GIIAT NOVELTY, 10,000 given away, to advertise it ; send 4 stamps for postage. packing U.—INVENTION Co., 25, Sitwell-road, oheffield. WANTED, to Purchase Second-hand MILNER'S. CHUBBS', or CHATWOOD'S SAFES. BDwARDS AND Co., 108, Whitechapel Liverpool;

MARRIED COUPLE, in comfortable circumstances wish to adopt little girl about 2 years old ; premium EXP.— Suomi, 13. Mersey-road, Colchester. a

SPARE Time Employment. Cyclists and others (either sex) Time everywhere ;no risk, no outIay.—TLAGET CTCLII DEPOT. 48. Finsbury Cireue. London. 1r

"LAZIERS' DIAMONDS.—Reliable tools at moderate ki prices. Dlaraoads re-set 2s. 64.; write tor list.—A /MAW. 62, 11,0:n3re-street. Goswell-road, London, 2413. to 30s a week can be earned on the "Original" FOS- Ll to PATENT KNITTER ; knits stockings. socks, Ac.—Write JAMES FOSTER, Maker, Friargate, Preston.

SAFETY BICYCLE for FOUR SHILLINGS a WEEK Send stamp at once for Illustrated Catalogue mid full par- ticulars to the BOTILLTY 00.,CoventrY Cycle Works,Readlng.a

FOR SALE, Six Cottages, near centre of Warrington; free from ground rent, and street already made.—Apply to J. MAalmr, Mineral Water Manufacturer. 7,Ellesmere-street, Warrington.

irtii SALL LANCASHIRII MA.NURB WORKS at Widnes V with Machinery and 24,420 yards freehold land.— Address to J. HOMING 16. Fermick-street, Liverpool.

iitiblfrattong.

gpaleg DP Zurtion.

BY la. WILLIAM ELLIS.

THE duty of England in regard Englan" to the Duty.conference proposed by the CZAR is free from ambiguity. The Government; cannot hold aloof, even if the conference should become a congress. Mistaken and impracticable the idea may be, but it is one that accords very much with an overwhelming body of British opinion, and it would never do to allow it to be said that England was always prat- ing of peace as the greatest of British interests, and was yet unwilling to take part in measures for establishing it on a firmer basis. We are vitally interested in Egypt, and Turkey, and China, and the affairs of all these countries must be discussed as a prelude to any policy of disarmament, or of , arresting the present diversion of international energy and finance to warlike preparations. We can 'honestly say that our military force is purely de- fensive, and not large enough to threaten any 11 Power in Europe. Our naval force is also required to protect our commerce, and our foreign and colonial possessions. Some of the European Powers might suggest that we should cease to have great naval plans every few years, but the reply is obvious, and it ought to be convincing. For the rest, we may have to be very specially concerned. It has struck many persons as singular that just when we were in imminent danger of coming into collision with Russia on matters due to her territorial and commercial aggrandise- ment a project should be broached for averting collision. It may well look as if there were a trick in the whole affair, and that Russia desired to postpone what many persons regard as an inevitable conflict between us until such time as her commerce had enriched her, and her railways were better deve- loped for offensive purposes in the Far East and in Central Asia. But it is believed that the Czar is sincere. He wants to see Russia relieved from the incubus of military preparations and expenditure, and a new direction given to the thoughts and energies of his people. It is a laudable desire, and one with which we have no right to quarrel. Russia is the last of the members of the European system to be under the domin- ion of a military caste and a purely poli- tical autocracy. The commercialising influence was sure to affect her sooner or later, and it is apparently strongly at work at the pre- sent time. The country exports more than it did at any previous period of its history. Railways

have developed her resoursei. Raw materials of varioub birds are produced in abundance. Th° people are not content with a system of agricul- ture which has in it many communistic element 3 The country is certain to become rich and peig'W ful, if internal divisions and revolts do not cut the huge empire into two. A real desire for th° avoidance of ruinous wars ought to meet with 00: warm approval. Hence, whether we think practl. cal good will come of the conference or not, we gr. bound to accept the invitation to it.

Jr hardly appears that ea Have we any New Vet we have begun in thie Century Dreams? country to indulge in asl twentieth-century dreams. We have put on re' cord, in many ways, the achievements of tho cep' tury now drawing to its close. They have been wonderful in all ways—in science, in art, in !it'll' tnre, and in forms of locomotion. We have take* in hand the organisation of municipal life, their.' provement of the conditions of labour, and the betterment of public health. Our free librarl°' our art galleries, our museums, our increased Opel spaces and parks, and our charitable movemee° have marked what may be called the advent of * new spirit. In commerce, we have formed lo'' and general chambers to discuss details and brio% pressure on the various Government departmeats, In education, we have instituted a natio* elementary system; we have establishel continuation schools; we have mad° yearly grants to the support of schools set! their teachers; we have removed the disabilities sl Nonconformists at our Universities, and we hale made a beginning in the foundations of technics and secondary education. Literature has bee* made cheaper, with the result that there are me° Journals, magazines, and books than were knoo in previous centuries. Railways, steamshiPs' telegraphs, cheap fares, and bank holidays hail contributed to travel, recreation and business eIY terprise. It may still be asked whether the national type of character has corresnondinfel improved, and whether we are about to bee s new century with all the advantages of the old one pushing us forward in a healthy and hopeful 015; nor. What are our dreams for the coming center/ It is much to be feared that we have not se dreams of a kind that quicken the pulse and 01; • mine the mind. The great causes that once anima: as have been carried to a completion of some Or Slavery does not exist in the British EraPirso; Missions have been established in most parts the world. There is a greater measure of religiel; and political liberty. But is there a firree; stronger, and bolder belief in human Progress r' We doubt it. Success has deadened effort,prosPeo ity has brought its love of ease, territorial grog 0 has produced restlessness, religious freedom 11', tended towards laxity of conviction. It 01,, almost be said that we have no animativ: dreams in which humanitarianism plays is;of' important part. Progress has become he'd n a bank balance. Education has develce oaf a cynical spirit. Amusements have destroys,. 0, belief in steady self-cultivation in leisure helot We seem to have come to look up to the Stat° es° almost everything. The newest thing is adr 4 of Anglo-Saxon unity. It is abut the only noyel:; we can see. The century is going out and we "40 not made up our minds to anything. The aatio drifts, but it cannot be said to dream. We Mad money, and we are content. It is not a vtieo, satisfactory state of things. The way of is in our men of letters and our divines. 'jot% times we doubt whether either class realises 1 full responsibility.

In order to prevent the spread of disease,o means of library books, a sterilising apparatus If been brought out in New York. It consists efof double-walled box of iron in which are sheleet.oo, the reception of the book;. Here is an inverlt:vg the utility of which we take the liberty of pOie,:loy out to the Warrington Museum and Library' mittee, at the same time hoping ~.,Zere they will not feel greatly aggrieved. is little in connection with our 6;10 lent library to which exception can reasolfrerg" be taken, but one thing causes many " boat's/ or to go a "sorrowing." This, borrowers are ge1)00 ally understood to do sooner or later, but AO type of " borrowers" to which we now refer 011,50 really to be exempt from any such outcome of ,tc; "borrowing." The complaint we have to 101 fre not a new one, but one which requires to be of quentlArevived—viz., the unclean conditiellA $ few of the books. Some of them—necesr;orf the more popular ones—emanate from the lily with sufficient dirt upon their page's to resk.e or undesirable term "filthy literature," decide ell„, plicable. We all know that such books at,V will eventually be re-placed by newer and c'ed editions, but the weeding out is too slow for much improvement to be noticeV Why should not the whole batch of be-thuny and be-grimed books, now circulating wit!!ass newer works, be at once destroyed? The eiroi' of replacing them would be as nothing incouleiti son with the increased pleasantness $O. readers. The American invention we suplsces,:le designed for the purification of each and e book issued, whether outwardly clean or

advantages 'to sensitive readers-. are very obli though the majority would probably deem' luxury.

It seems that there is some evidenee,to etiFtero the woman's view that the abdication, of olstitl an accomplished fact. Women are grac`,..l, establishing themselves in professions and oTfito bons which until recent years have been count, the exclusive preserves of the sterner sea, cor "shrieking sisterhood" will be able to derive di siderable comfort from the latest news of vanced woman's movement. A village Wales, with a name utterly unpronouncea_,'" the untrained tongue of the Saxon, has adv-plef!,' the great cause by a signal triumph over the or The chivalrous District Councillors of GlYecLo have furnished irrefragable proof, that WO.-111/11 fast elbowing the tyrant man out of all P 111 appointments. Mrs. Evan James 3011011 tendered for lighting all the public ot in the district, and what is InOrel fi‘ has secured the ofece. "A glorionsr° tory," says the advanced sisterhood. erb) must be admitted that the woman lamp-lig, 5";001 ousted the half-lame, half-blind, and ait°„l,ol; curious specimens of humanity who hobble painfully along to perform the 10teh°64,/ function of lighting the lamps. Truly, it is f4,ro triumph. But that is not all. From 5cr312.0 Atlantic comes startling intelligence pato, 000 time in the history of the American arrart,oo, has been sworn in as a member of the "'toe staff. Dr. Mary McGee—which is the cf:010 this pioneer—has been given the position tant surgeon, with the rank of second licalot v It is fortunate for the American soldiers 41'11004, Spanish war is over. They have already iiitY enough from the incompetency of this iTe authorities. And this would have been t straw.

ci At the Warrington Licensing S4ssioos there was again witnessed the 'luta je:c spectacle of the Licensing Committee ellgab sle e system of bartering licenses. This year tberea fewer brewers engaged in the transacti°e' inducements held out to grant new lieens—s certainly ago. We have previously condemned the Pit 10,0 holiovsecto meagre as compared with those ofractic; of trafficking in licenses, and we system which meets with little approval e

o 1 1 i

rf Ler

f' 10-ba No!

."1:6t7 e ll° In! :cffeJ iaSho a 9 iju

===== 0002601_18980902_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXANI IND?, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1898.

4)afts bp prtbatt Ertatp.

*alto hp Vrtbate Ereatg.

ON SALB,aII sizes of PACKING CASBS.—Apply NAYLOR AND Co., Confectioners, Warrington,

DROWN COB, aged 10 y ears, height 15 bands, quiet in -EP harness.-41. DERBY STREET, Prescot.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
&tinfoil ISuotnessoeo, tu.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
A 400 D Fish, Chips, and Potato Pie SHOP TO BE LET /1. rent 6s. clear.—Apply 418, Otnnass-aos.D,Manchester.

FMIR Wholesale and Retail WINE and SPIRIT BRSI- NESS. Fixtures ac., £40.-19, UPPER JACKSON•BTREET, Stretford-road, Manchester.

ID RIED FISH and CHIPS.—MABBOTTS CHAMPION Ranges 12 and Potatoe Peelers ; also Shop on Wheels for outdoor, 24 page list free. 51, Lever-st, Manchester.

VOU SALE, Greengrocery and Fruit Business, together JI: with good hawking round; good reasons for leaving ; going In public business ; splendid opportunity. Apply b 9, WESTGA TE. Burnley.

Opritss,

===== 0002601_18980902_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
F

the small circle of those who are, more or lees, in- terested in the " trade " and who profit by the ' exchange which takes place. And what after all dO the brewers offer? In almost every case it +consists of licenses which they hold by permission of the Justices from year to year, and which the Justices can withdraw if they think fit without way consideration whatever in the nature of a quid pro quo. At the last sessions the magistrates were graciously told that the brewers intended to re- arrange the licensed houses in the town, and another part of this programme was carried out C 55 Thursday.

The Licensing Committee have allowed Mr. Wil- riam Bolton to exploit an entirely new district by erecting a new public-house there. For this great concession Mr. Bolton will give up a fully-licen- sed house and a beerhouse in an area where there are numerous licensed houses, and also an off- licensed house in tho district where the new house is to be erected. That was the bargain struck. The views of people in the Howley district who are to have this new house thrust into their midst re- ceive scant consideration. The process of obtain- I ing a license is now very simple. A brewer has merely to prove that a certain district has in- creased in population, that the inhabitants cannot obtain a drink of his wonderful liquor without walk- ing at least a hundred yards, and having formulated his terms the probability is that the magistrates Will accept them. The result will be that in the 'course of a few years there will not be a single dis- trict without liquor-dispensing establishments at every convenient spot. If such is to be the case the sooner the public are allowed a direct expres- sion of opinion in these matters the better. The brilliant Liberal victory in the Southport division is full of significance. It pronounces in a most emphatic manner an adverse verdict upon the foreign policy and domestic legislation of the Present Administration. It is the straightest hint Lord Salisbury has yet had Vast his foreign policy does not meet with the approval of his countrymen. The issue was clearly placed before the electors, and the par- ticular views of the Government were kept in the forefront. The triumph of Sir Herbert Naylor- Leyland in such an important Lancashire consti- tuency is a blow to the Government and will possibly result in modifying and influencing its policy. Another important element in the con- test has been the actiom of Mr. Holden, a prominent Liberal Unionist, who on this occasion cast in his lot with the Liberals.

_ As an extensive manufacturer of cotton goods he has suffered by Lord Salisbury's Anis-management of foreign affairs in Madagascar, Tunis, Siam, and the Far East. In Madagascar, or instance, since the French were allowed by our "strong foreign minister " to take possession of it qlr. Holden's firm which has six mills has not sent Yard of calico there. It is therefore not surpris- . '4g that he should declare that the basis of his 11, Monism existed no longer, and that he could not oe dragged by an issue obsolete for the moment at ..the heels of a foreign policy he knew to be ruinous 40 the country.

Compulsory vaccination is now a thing of the Past, and the objector, whether "conscientious" or not can have his own way in regard to the vaccina- tion of his children. Such is the result of the new 4-ct, the practical working of which provides a problem which the magistrates make no attempt to active. Now we learn that even the sworn declaration of conscientious objection by the applicant is not obligatory. A. verbal statement by the anti-vaccinator will,in all probability secure !aka the immanity of his children from the lymph Annoculation. A parent may object for any reason that suits him, and not be required to detail the gr, minds of his objection for the information of the 'ench. The provisions of the Vaccination Act sq!`ve provided some puzzling cases, but the magis- :r, ates seem to have found a simple and ready me- ‘riod of meeting the principal difficulty. To all in- tents and purposes the Act might as well have been abolished for vaccination is now optional on the part of the parent, instead of compulsory by law. if the victims of small pox fail to increase in num- ber during the ensuing twelve months, the anti- vaccinators will have an opportunity for swagger- ing which they are not likely to let slip.

-6,-- -WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT HIGH-

WAY BOARD.

_ A meeting of this Board was held at the Bewserstreet ekambers on Wednesday afternoon with Captain With- kngton, J.P., in the chair. There were also present— Itessrs. H. Thornton, James Houghton, J. Clare, T. naltoo,and J. W. Knowles, with Mr. H. B. White (clerk). Ittid Mr. J. Thompson (surveyor).

FINANCE. At a meeting of the Finance Committee the Clerk re- OArted that the balance in the hand; of the Treasuvr 'was £534 Bs. 11d. The accounts presented by the Sur- 'tarn were examined by the cotnimree, found correct, %ad recommended for payment. The Clerk reported that ti2A Local Government Board's district auditor had au- dited the Board's accounts for the year ended 25th March eu the 22nd August and certibed the same to be cor- ned.

BURTON WOOD. '▪ _1.13e SURVEYOR reported that Burtonwood School vard had applied for the Board's permission to lay a Wt. of pipes across the road near the site of the new Lschools in order to obtain a supply of water from :I. Collins Green Colliery Company. The committee coramendel the Board to grant permission, on the "le, col Board undertaking to lay the pipes and make the nlut to the Surveyor's satisfaction. CULCRETH. • letter from the County Surveyor was read stating a special grant of £5O had been voted towards the Z▪ tt of converting a further length of boulder pavement • Macadam on the road Lion's Den to Hollins Green, on ,tosadition that the Board expend at least an equal sum. 4" Board decided to allow the matter to stand over. WORKMENS' COMPENSATION ACT. Ille Board instructed the Clerk to obtain a quotation for the insurance of the Board against claims by their w. Nicole& for accidents during a period of six months 4rono the 29th September next. The Surveyor's report was read and unanimously reseed. This was all the business.

A LOCAL REGUiENT TO GO TO PRESTON.

We bear on good authority that it is has been finally decided that the lat South Lancashire Regi- ment is to be stationed at Preston during the ensu- ing week. This will be good news to Warrington and the neighbourhood, for, though recruited here, the battalion has been quartered either in India, the South of England or Ireland since its appsintment to thie county, which has prevented the relatives of these serving in it from meeting their "soldier or getting to know the regiment which is &00ked upon with such pride by those members of it who occasionally get back home during the fur- -1:"Igil season, as "the best regiment in the army." When these fine strapping fellows of a year or two's service are compared with the newly joined teerait at the DepOt,much praise should be given to the organisation which is the means of providing ,412i5 increase of stalwart thews and sinews to this %battle, on their return to civil life. It is pleasant Leo, to see the pride taken by the men in their regi- 'went, which is well warranted by its past history Mtd. present splendid regulation, and we should ongratnlate ourselves on being so well represented an the Army ef England. It is therefore to be hoped that the stay of the itegitzent at Preston will be a pleasant one, bring- . tog es into nearer acquaintance for the future, and eitchi7ls Us to watch its doings hereafter in distant parts of the Empire with pleasure. Given the Flportunity to meet and welcome the regiment in Warrington itself, its reception here would be most niitbusiastic." SALE OF PROPERTY AT WA.RRINOTOIC At the Blue Bell inn, llorsemarket-street, on Wednesday evening, Mr. Thomas Sutton offered Tor public -auction several lots of dwelling houses, Itnd a workshop at Warrington as well as ground ente at Latchford. There was a large attendance, but the bidding was very slow. For eleven im- 13r"nd Yearly ground rents, amounting altogether , to .£lO2 6s. 3d. issuing out of plots of land fronting .!inutsford-road, Grove-street, and Miller-street, Latchford, a purchaser was fuund in Mr. Kirk- onel for Messrs. Robert Davies and Company at 4360. Five lots of property in the neighbourhood 2f Bank Quay were afterwa-ds offered for sale but C!3' one lot was disposed of, the reserve price not 1,710 R reached in the other four lots. The lot sold Lola_ that of nine dwelling houses in Pox-street, o veil-lane, the price realised being £725. mittiiiftll****

RIIN'JORN ANT) wtDINTES.

A UAPITAL CATCH OF FISK. Six of the members of the Rn-morn An,glers Associa- tion : viz., Messrs S Bailey, J Eiliott, Page, Bate, John- son, and Leyland, fishing in private waters on Wednes- day had capital sport, and landed some beautiful roach some of 2 pounds weight. The whole catch amounted to close on 401bs of fish. A DESERTER APPREHENDED AT RUNCORN. At the Runcorn POce Curt. on Friday, before Mr, F. J. Norman, Thomas Phillips was charged with being a deserter, or being absent without leave, from the 3rd South Lancashire Militia, stationed at Warrington.— Prisoner, who was apprehended by P.C. Gregary,pleaded guilty to the charge, and he was remanded to await an escort. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, RUNCORN. On Saturday, at the invitation of Miss Pritchard, the ' teachers of St. John's Presbyterian Sunday School spent an enjoyable afternoon at the Elms, Higher Runcorn. The party were pho'o„zraphei on toe lawn, and subse- quently partook of tea,and joined in friendly intercourse. Before dispersing, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. and Miss Pritchard for their hospitality. NELSON STREET SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSAILY. On Sunday, the anniversary services of the above school were preached at the Cars:den Chsoel, morning and evening, by the Rev. C.R. Nornaan(of Hythe),and la the aft u.nooa the Rev. S. A. B. Milvorn cooducted a children's servica. Special hymns were rendered by scholars and children, asgisted by the ban,* of the Run- Dorn Orchestral Society. The congrev.tioas were large at each of the services, and good collections were real- ised.

WIDNES SCHOOL Bosun. At the monthly meting of this hosed, held at Widnes Town Hall on Tuesday at ternoon,Aiderman S. Qainu UI the chair, the following certificated assistant teachers were appointed, each at salaries of £65 per annum : Miss Krkharn, Miss Mune tster, (Inter. 8.A., London), Miss Thomas, and Miss P. Glover. Miss E. Hatton was appeintsd A n ea-pupil teacher at £3s,and Miss ll.Twigz under Article 68, at £3oa year.

BILLIARD MATCH AT RUNCORN. On Friday a billiard match wig arranged and played off at the Liberal Club, between W. Biimelow and Torn Wells (the noted he al player), of 300 up. The game ugb both m m throughout was interesting., and capital breaks were en. The gains resulted in a win for madethroßrimelo—Since the above match was played we unders'and that Wells has played another with the same opponent, whom he beat. BEATS FINE FOR USING OBSCENE LANGUNGE. On Wednesday, Frederick Chen was br night up on warrant, before Messrs. J. Ockleston, and F. J. Norman. with using obscene language in Church-street, coirrtrhgeed24th of August.--Prisoner said he was drunk and knew "nowt"about it.—P.C.Gregory proved the case.— irks Chairman said prisoner had a fairly bad record, having been 28 times pr iviously convicted. He would be fined 405., or one month- in "defarals.—ln leaving the court Chell said "Go fetch in missus, she'll pay 403. for me any time."

-- - - SOMOOL ACCOMMODATION AT ST: HELENS. The Sutton National Soho de, at Ss. Helens, which have been rebuilt and enlarged to meet the demands of the Education Department at a cost of over £3,ooo.were on Tuesday thrown open for the inspection of the parishioners. The Reboots ar3 now the largeit in st. Helens, being capable of acconan3edating over 1,200 children. The work of enlargßment has 13,en carried out by Mr. T. Woods, of St. Helens. The Sut,on-road band on Tuelday night very kindly played selections of music at the schools, and the effect of the eulargeineat and the position of the funds were explained to me parishioners present by the vicar, the Rev. M. F. Blaney.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
nit ol I thii l sof ) cao'

===== 0002601_18980902_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
'Pere43 10 op, o,b ort ,‘1 0,00,

(olp 48'11t 40;" ire

t 1,9 rtll;,, 30 0 fleDe 5 Wei, • le'

sfe.c',. I

===== 0002601_18980902_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
I

' SOUTH WALES COLLIERS AT RUNCORN.

A number of colliers, who have been thrown out of employment in consequence of the Soith Wa,eys coal strike, appeared at S. John's Presbyterian Church, on Sunday evening, and sang several choruses dering the service. The titles of the selections were :—" Like the grass " (in Welsh), " Consider the lilies," and " The Crusaders." The combination forrn an excellent choir, and their vocal efforts were of high merit. There was a large congregation, and at the close of the service a col- lection was taken at the doer in aid of the Colliers' Relief Fund, which realized over £3. MERSEY MISSION TO SEAMEN, RI:MOORE. On Sunday evening the Rev. W. El. L. O'Rorke, M.A.. one of the chaplains, preached a special sermon at Run- corn Parish Church on behalf of the Mersey Mission to Seamen. Te rev. gentleman referrel at lengch to the valuable work which was being accomp'ished by the society, and mentioned the fact that a new steam launch had recently been purchased, at a cost of £3OO, which absorbed £l6O per annum in maintenance. This launch performed useful service in visiting the lightships, light- houses, and vessels that were wind bound in the channel. An offertory was taken in aid of the mission funds.

- MixTors' WIDNES. A successful gathering has to be chronicled for the open services last Sunday afternoon, when the chair was taken by Mr. George Lacy (one of the vice presidents), who gave an excellent five-minutes' address on the "Three Graces." Mr. R. Roberts, of Runcorn, sang the solo "The Golden Pathway," and he also took part in a quartette with Miss Stone (Runcern)and Messrs. Thomas and Wilkinson, each part being rendered very elf actively and well received. The Rev. Joshua Pedlar, of Tram- mere, gave a very interesting and instructive address on the lamp-post sermon. "Keep to the Right," and he dealt with the subject in an excellent manner, evincing much humour, yet sound advice in his remarks. The meeting was brought to a close with the Benediction.

RAILWAY FATALITY NEAR WIDNES A shocking accident occurred on the Cheshire Lines Railway at Broadheath Bridge, near Widnes on Tuesday afternoon, resulting in the death of Mr. Thomas Davey, aged forty-nine, m %der upholsterar.residing at Islington Liverpool. Atomic half past one,front some unexplained cause, deceased was on the railway, when be was knocked down and run over by a passing coal train. The driver, who did not see the deceased until it was too late, reported the accident te some workmen at Hough Green Station, and they went up the line and found deceased lying face downwards. He was still alive, but had sustained terrible injuries, one of his legs being cut off, his arm and ribs broken, ani his head badly injured. A vehicle was quickly procured, and the unfortunate man conveyed to the Widnes Accident Hospital, where he was attended by Dr. Hutchinson. Everything possible was done for Davey, but he died shortly after three o'clock.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODgiia.M.

RUDDIIN Drenr.—On Monday, Mr. James Fogg,Main- street, Frodshatn, died under very distressing circum- stances. It appears that he got up about his usual time and having partaken of his breakfast went into the garden for a walk, returning into the shop and pro- ceeded with his usual work, he being a shoemaker. Shortly afterwards his wife went to call him but was shocked to discover him lying face downwards dead.On Tuesday, an inquest was held on the body before Mr. J. C. Bates, county coroner at which the doctor stated that it was his opinion that death resulted from pressure on the heart caused by deceased falling on his stomach. It was also his opinion that had someone been present to turn the deceased over in time the calamity would have been averted. A verdict of death from natural causes was returned. A RUNAWAY HORSE AT RaODSZA.M.—On Wednesday, a horse and shandry belonging to Mr. John Norcross, farmer, of Kingsley, were standing in the station yard of the London and North-Western Railway SPation, when suddenly for some reason or other the horse took fright, and bolted down Station-road, dashing into the window of the Albert Ins, then turning it continued its flight down Church-strltet, and rooted up two of the beautiful trees erected In honour of the jubilee. Even tually it was captured,little the worse for its caper.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
QUOITS.

BLACK BBAR, LATCHFORD. T. STOCKTON HEATH. These clubs met on the ground of the former on Saturday, the home team winning by 95 points. Saore : Ina% BUR. STOCKToN HEATH. W Boardman 13 W Speed (oapt.) T Lee (eapt.) l3 G James l2 A Fletcher l3 0 Miller 1 T Boardman , 13 G Devonport 1 J Carter It Looker ll T Dobson A Taylor l3 G Haddock 1 W Whitney W Pinnington G Taylor l3 3 Andrews 5 IT Nixon l3 W Marsh 2 ,

SAD DROWNING CASE AT SANKEY BRIDGES. Mr. Jones, deputy-coroner, held an inquiry at the Borough Police Station on Saturday afternoon into the death of Richard Jenkins, six years of age, who lived at 9, Wright-street, Sankey Bridges, and who was drowned in the St. Helens Canal on Thurs- day afternoon.—Sarah Jenkins said the deceased was her son. He cams to his dinner on Thursday and at ten minutes to one he went back to school. Be was brought home dead by the police.—Thomas Keating, a little boy, said that instead of going to school he and deceased went to play on the canal side at Sankey Bridges.. Jenkins slipped in and witness went and informed a policeman of the occurrence.—P.C. Wood said he was in plain clothes and off duty, in Liverpool-road at about three o'clock on Thursday afternoon. The last witness came Up to him and said "Oh Bobby little Jenkins has fallen into the cut." On being questioned the lad said they were going to school, but instead went to the canal side; Witness dragged the canal and re- covered the body, which was lifeless, aboat ten yards from the bridge on the main road.—By a Juryman: It was a dangerous place, .and. there was nothing to prevent children from falling in. No one seemed to have seen them on the canal side.—Tue jary recorded a verdict of" Accidental death."

===== 0002601_18980902_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A MINER FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, Icq-'B.

itIINOOKS BOARD OF GUAKDIANTS.

The usual meeting ot tun Auove MPird was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Tu,sday, Mr. J. Stokes (in the chair. Messrs. J. Mendowcrott, S. Y.rwoxl, A. R. Nor- man were also present., besidei the Di•itrict Councillors, with Mr. J. AAatoa (clerk), and Mr. George Aqtr, in (deputy cleilt).

===== 0002601_18980902_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
BRE WSTER SESSIONS.

RUNCORN.

These sessions were held on Mondsy before Messrs. A. Thomas (ia chs chair), W. Timmins, J. 03kiesto,i, A. Handley, P. Spsskman, F. J. No^m in, and A. R. Norman.

TRANSFERS.

The following tran-iFe—re—w—ere granted :—Wilson's Hotel,from Coarles Dutton to James Robert Hell; London and North-Western, from John Jones to C,harle. Dutton; Boat House Inn, from Ali, Jaw Hewitt to Alfred James ; Weaver Uoel (W.ston Foust), from Peter Coyle to John Henry Rodtok ; E ephant and Castle (Halton) from Thomas Cox to John Vernon; Cornwall and Devon. shire Arms, from Jo in Bo took Forster to Steen Ana Urrnson ; Fox Tavern, from Samuel Handles to Roneft Dolan.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RENEWALS.

In considering the r'en-isw-4-1.-S-M;;:li. R. Roberts (sol'ci- tor,Warrington), said be appeared to oppose the renewal of a license to Mr. Iteternit We eiee. fie °wended that Mr. Waiting did not hod any licenseeeasmuch as he did not reside upon the premises %vision were in High-street. —Mr. Harry Barker gave formal evidence of having served the licensee at his last knoz n address with the necessary notices.—Superititendent Okell asked that the consideration of the matter be adjourned as they (the police) had been unable to serve him witn uotice of ale Licensing Sessioas.—Mr. Barker, continuing, gave evi• I deuce of the close proximity of several fully licensed houses,which he contended were sufficient for the neign • bourhood,end bearing upon it not being required.—The Bench however deaided to adjourn tne matter, until the 26th of September.—The whole ef the remaining re- newals were then granted. THE SUPERINTENDENT'S ANNUAL REPORT. Superintendent J. ()kelt, then submitted the following report:—"Gentlemen I have the henonr to submit my annual report with reference to the conduct of licensed victuallers and beer retailers in this division during the past year. There are 44 licensed victuallers, 53 beer sellers, and seven oehers who sell off the premises, total 104; giving an average of 225 of the population to each license. One licensed victualler has been proceeded against and convicted daring tile year,being an increase of one proceeded against and (erre convicted in the pre- ceding year. No beersellers have been proceeded against during the same period, against three proceeded against and one c nvicted in the previous year. 133 persoos have been proceeded against for drunkenness, all of whom were convicted, as compare 1 with 120 persons proceeded against an i 115 convici.ed during tee preced- ing year ; being an increase of 13 prrsons proceeded against and 16 convicted. Of the number of persons convicted for drunkenness oafs ha 1 beers convicted six times, one five times, three tire' tmei, and two twice; total 21. No licenses had been reeler ed for selling or delivering intoxicating liquors to children apparently under the age of 13 years.—The Bauch considered the report a most satisfactory one. VICTORY OF THE TEMPERANCE PARTY. An application was made by Mr. George Partington. grocer, Balfour-road, for an" off " beer license—Mr. A. Brewne, Warrington, appeared to support the appiicant, wnilst Mr. F. R. Roberts. Warr neton (in behalf of the British Women's Temperance Association) opposed the application. Mr. A. Browne, in support of the application, conten- ded that althougn last peer when before the Licensing Bench, he had mentioned that a certain brewery com- pany were prepared to give up cntain licenses for of the proposed new one, he was now before tiiern tie a Therefore,tied h°u 5e he ep pcsioaul i do nsabye ht ea Mr. toaf lMsCr uPpa'retsi naVenti himself. being were at once removed, and nothing could be slid upon that count. He would net iusult them by telline them of the state of Higher itiVICOMI, which was a rapidly growing place, as they (the Bench) were far better acquainted with the needs of the pace than nines elf. There was a great number or occupiers desirous that ' such a license should be granted, a s he would prove be the petition he would hand in eignei by a large num- ber. There was only one public-house in the whole of the Heath Ward—" The Traveller's Rest "—and that was herd to get at, as it was situated at tie top of the quarries. A number of respectable working men con- tended that they did not want to go to a public-house to fetch their beer, or to send their wives and children for it there ; they would much rather have them go to a respectable grocer's shop ; and as they would have their beer it was far better that they should go to such a rag- ' peeteblE place. Numbers of the residents at Higher Run- corn were employed at Weston and Weston Point, and it took them about 18 minutes to walk up and about 15 minutes to walk dawn, and about ten minutes for them to send to the nearest place for a glass of beer, the whole time being almost gone,and it was a great hardship for them. That they were entitled te their glass est beer, if they wanted it, no one would deny, and as they could not afford to buy it its dozens or barrels, he con- sidered the request for a little aecornmodatioa a very reasonable one. As the license- was to be an " off" one, and Mr. Partington's shop was a very open one,their op- ponents would be satisfied that there could be no secret I drinking. He submitted a large petition, signed by 202 persons, all of whom he would prove were householders. It was also signed by Messes. Farrell,White,and Sefton, three of the largest property owners in Higher Runcorn. He would submit that even in the face of "local option" that the temperance party spoke so favourably of if he could prove they had a majority—and they had the majority of tne householders on that petition— it should be granted even on those grounds. Therefere, if he proved that his petition Of 202 persons were house- holders and wanted the license and that to them it was a necessity,he would feel that he had proved his ease. Mr. George Partingten said be was the applicant, and resided on the premises for which he intenled using the

lieense. He mirroborated the statement of his solicltor, adding that he had heel asked to get the license by many people. He was new making application purely on his own account. He load witnessed some of the signatures but not many. Mr. Roberts, Interrupting: We will admit the signa- tures if that will help you. Continuing Mr. George Partington proved the service of the necessary notices, which were euly published. He had no intention of selling the property to anyone. Cross-examined by Mr. Roberta : Witness said he had made application twice before,and last year he was sup- ported by Mr. Greenhalgh. He had no agreement,either written or verbal with Mr. Greenhalgh about eventually selling him the property. Mr. Browne: I may say that last year there was an agreement, which has now expired. He (witness) thought he had the largest property owners on his petition. He could not tell ho w many houses were owned by Mr. Farrell. Mr. Roberts: Would you be surprised if I were to tell you that I have a petition signed by the leading owners, about 32 altogether, and the other is signiet by about 192 persons? Mr. Browne "Our's are occupiers; not women and , girls." Continuing, witness said, that the beer could not be got an hour or so before it was required ; anyhow he would not care to drink that kind ot beer. He believed that a number of the workingmen in that ward owned their own houses ; but be knew that there were a large number of workingmen who could not afford to by a small essk, and it would not keep in smaller quantities. By Superintendent Okell: There were no new houses built since the last application, but he believed there were seven getting built. There were more of than occupied, however, than last year. Further evidence as to the need of the license was given by Messrs. Peter Railey,and John itherton,Byron- street, who secured moot of the signatures, also by Mr. John Price (corn merchant), Stanley Tillas, and Mr. Wil- liam Sands, who bad nsided in the district for the last 30 years. The Bench, however, refused the application, without hearing Mr. Roberts, remarking that they considered there was no new evidence submitted. This ended the licensing business.

DARESBURY. The Brewster sessions were held on Tuesday in the Court House, Daresbury. Mr. J. C. Parr, J.P., D.L., and Captain Rodger were the magistrates on the Bench. Superintendent Okell's report read as follows:—" I have the honour to submit my annual report of the conduct of licensed victuallers and beer retailers in this division during the year There are 23 licensed victuallers, one beerseller,and two others who sell off the premises,the total being 26, giving an average of 341 of the population for each license. No licensed victuallers have been proceeded against in the preceding year,No beersel- lers havejbeen proceededlagainst and non convicted , and none were proceeded against in the preceding year. 22 persons had been proceeded against for drunkenness during the year, 22 of whom where convicted as compared with 33 persons proceeded against and 31 convicted during the preceding year, being a decrease of eleven proceeded against and nine convicted when compared with the preceding year. A list will be submitted to the Chairman of the Brewster Sessims showing the names of the licencees who have been reported during the year for serving intoxicating liquor to children under 13 years of age. He was pleased to say that was blank this year. The Chairman said he thought they might con- sider it a very satisfactory report. He wished to congratulate the Sup4riuteadent upon the deurease which had taken place, „.

TRiNSFERS OF LICENSES.

Agnes Whitlow applie I for the tr ulster of the license in respect to the Red Lion Inn, Preston Brook ; and Peers Brimelow applied for the transfer of the Mulberry Tree Inn, Appleton. Both applications were granted. All the existing licenses in the division were renewed.

CYCLISTS USE PILLAR BRAND,

Lubricating...an—Cr Bu'r-arn—g.-0115 and Cycle Enamel, Enarnellette,and Brunswick Black. From all Dealers, MIENTS : Aics LEAN AND CO., 13; SHBL-STERST. LIVBSPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VACCINATION ACT.

A circular letter was teaeived teem Oil Local Govern- ment Board, adverting to the Vaccination Act, 1898, stating thac the Act would nct coma into force in its entirety until January is , 1899. and calling attention to Section 2, which came into iorce with the passing of the Act. T.e section read "No parent or other per‘on shall be liable to any penalty under Section 29 or S.ction 30 of the Vaccination Act of 1867 if within 4. months from the birth of the child he satisfies two justices or a stipen- diary ar metropolitan police magistrate in petty Fe sons that he conscientiously believe:4 that vacc.nation would be prejudicial to the health of the child, and w tun seven dais theraaftf r delivers to the vaccination offic.r for the district a certificate by such justices or magis- trates of such conscientious objection ; but in its Appli- cation to a child barn before the passing of the Act,there shall be substituted tor the period of four months Inns the birth of the child, the period of four months fr-m the passing of this Act." The Local Government Board also intimated they would communicate further with the Guardians as to the necessary regulations to be issued by them before the Act canoe into operation. Hr. Meadowcrefc suggested tnat copi,s of the Vaccin- nation Act be obtained for the Guardians use.—The general feeling,however,was for doing without them and no attion was taken in the matter.

THE COUNTY RATE. THE CAUSE OF INCREASE.

Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk ta th i Cheshire County Council, wrote undr date August ,23rd :—RPferringto your letter of the 17 h inst., asking to bo furn•shed (for the intirmation of the Guardians of your Union) of the cause of the county rate precept being so considerab'y increased this half year over last half year, I can only state that such increase is necessitated by he expenditureel the Council generally, and it is impossible for me t) giv.- the specific items upon which the increase arises. I may however state that the County has had to incur very gr, at ex- penditure in providing additional asylum accom-dation by enlarging the asluno at Upton at very great cost and that the repayment of loans in connection therewith has now commenced. Additional naponditure has also arisen in connection with the incre.se of pay and new police stations Sto," Accompanying the letter was the financial statement for the yeAr, showing that the prin- cipal increases appeared to he : Asylum lapenFes, £1,000; repayment of loans and interest, £1,650; repair of roods, £3,000 ; County Bridges, £1,530. Mr. Wood- , ward who submitted the figures stated that great cred t was due to the c'eputy-clerk (Mr. George Ashton), for the manner in which he had supplied reference notes to them.—The explanation was considered satisfactory. FINANCE.

The following sums were grinterl for nut-relief : Run. corn. £B5 ; Frodsham, £2O; Budworth,222. The balance in hand since the hat Board was £B7B is. 51. ; received since £399 14s. SI. ; payments that day, £127 ; balance remaining £1,150 15,.10d.—The report was unanimously adopted.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
TIER COST. OF. THE. BOARD ROOM

Mr. S. Davies, architect, submitted ri:el-a-tement show- log the cost of enlarging and rofurniehing the Board- Mom at tho Workhouse and the erection of new lava- tories :—Tne estimated cost was £5OO, and the actual Cost was £626 91., maoc up of the followin items Contractors account, £575 12a ; architects fees £3O 17s ; clerk of works salary, £2O. The cost of the new I furniture as per Measrs. Garnett's teader was £167 13a ; architect's charges in connPction with same £lO 104 ; bringing up toe total cost of the additions and altera- tions to £BO4 121. The room has still to be decorat A for whicn no provision has yet been made. The coatra :- tor had received £530 on account. This gave rise to a heated • discussion in which Mr. Meadowcroft asked tho reason for the increase from £425 the amount of the original contra .t to the £575 12s. Mr. Woodward explained that it was owing to the action of the District Council in requiring further addi- Vons. But be took that opportunity of saying that not a single item hid been incurred without the consent o the whole Board. He further stated that when th work WAS commenced the floors wore found to be rotten and tnat incurred an extra expense of £63 15s ; the ivy, vestibules deoided f the inside came to £28,t0 put it in round tied ref; whilst the additional cost for the lava- tories was £39 154 ; not t mention small n. items of less than £5 or so. Mr.3l,,tdoorcroft said ho was quite satisfied; and found no f mit with those toat had to do with it. All he could say WAS 'h tt it woe new information to him. But the was'of proc•Aore reminded him of a little tale he read many years ago, in which one person was telling the other not to tell, when the one address id said,' There was no fear, as he was quite as much ashamed of his share, as the other was." (Laughter). The Chairman thought there was no desire to keen anything back. Mr. Meadownroft contended that he was blaming no one, but simply asking for information he was entited to. Mr. Woodward after some further discussion remarked that if anyone was to blame it was Mr. Meadoweret and not the Chairman of Finance or the Board-room Committee, as all the accounts before the the Board of .Guardians. Mr. Meadoweroft said he would take it; but at the same time no accounts had coins before him.

_ COST OF TAIIPER MSINTENANCR. In accordance with the motion of Mr. O. Linaker, the Clerk had prepared a r,turn of the indoor and out- door paupers relieved in the Union during the year, ending Lady Day 1898. It showed that in the Runcorn District the number of indoor paupers was 192, in Fred. sham district 51, and in Antrobus district 37. The coat of indoor paupers was Runcorn £866 84., or £4 104. 31. per head; Frodsham £230 2s. 91. or £4 101, 31. per head; Bud worth £166 194. 31., or £4 104. 31. per head. The number of outdoor paupers and cost was Runcorn 746, £2376.18;. sd. Frodsum 182, £622 15i. 71., Bath worth 139, £568 17s. Id. In Runcorn tha population , was 25,422, assessable value £93,451 percent- age of paupers to population 1 in 37, cost ' in the 2 on the district Bid. In Frodsham the population was 8763, assessable value £40,627 percentage of paupers to population 1 in 37,cest in the 2 on distriet for maintenance sd. In Bud worth the popu- lation was 9,939, assessable value £70,509, percentage of Ipaupers to population lin 56,coat in the £ on district for maintenance 44. The coat in the £ on the whole Union was 5 2-31.—During the reading of the above Mr. Meadowcreft rose to a point of crier and submitted in the face of the recent ruling of the Chairman that the statement was out of order. Mr. Linaker had simply stated at the last Board meeting that he would give no- tice of motion. He considered that, the statemeot was premature.—After some discussion The Chairman ruled Mr. Meadowcroft out of order. Mr. Linaker stated that he simply asked for a state- ment. _

Mr. Meadowcreft submitted the newspaper reports,as evidence that he sots not the only one that had been mistaken. But eventually he allowed the statement to be proceeded with,in face of the minute being read. At the conclusion of the reading of the foregoing statement Mr. Mclntyre asked Ain tile face of what had just been submitted. Mr. Meadowcroft Still considered that the Council should pay rent. If Mr. Meadoweroft went on in that strain,he (the speaker) would move for a divorce from Runcorn. (Hear, hear) How did Runcorn com- pare with Budworth whi .h was 41. ln the £ ? He was bound to say, however, that Runcorn included a large rural area : but even taken at its best it was 11. in the pound. Mr. T. La : Aye, and lam slrry for it. (Laughter.) Mr. Meadowcroft explained that he simply rose te point of order beeause being of the impression that Mr. Linaker's was a notice of motion, he came prepared to move Cu amendment. Why was it that Runoorn was singled out,just because he a representative of Runcorn, had been bold enough to enquire how much rent the District Council were prepared to pay for their splendid accommodation in that place ? He knew he could not carry his resolution though he was prepared to fight the question on its merits. Finally Mr. Meadpwgreit characteris d the conduut of the Board as nothing more or less than intimidation. He raised the question simply as one of account. Mr.Linaker did tam such thing; but then he was a kind of tripos party. He was a District Councillor,a Guardian and a Parish Councillor,a kind of " Trinitarian."

Mr. Norman : I rise to point of order,and move that Mrldeadowcroft is out of order. The Chairman : You are out order Mradeadowcroft. There is no resolution before the Board. s Mr.Meadowcroft remming seat, remarked that hi they bad allowed his friend Mr. Mclntyre to proceed, and he was simply exercising the same privilege.— The next business was then proceeded with. A MISUNDERSTANDING PUT RIGHT.

A letter was read from the Clerk to the Dutton School Board, stating that the Board had gone Into the matter of subscriptions obtained by Mr. Stokes, for the purpose of promoting a treat for the Dutton Board School chil- dren, an stating that they had carefully investigated d the matter and had nothing before them to show that the money was applied for in such a way as to lead the donors to suppose they were contributing to the Work- house Children's treat, and therefr‘re they exonerated Mr. Stokes from any blame. Mr. Norman stated that the point of the compla,nt was not that the mast -r of the School Board solicited sub- scriptions for the Workhouse Children's treat, but that contributions had been s^nt him under the impression that Dutton School Board included the Workhouse, and that they were subscribing to the Workhouse treat. it:was ultimately decided that the Clerk write to tbe School Board in such a manner as to make the matter perfectly clear and 8o avoid any further errors.

ASYLUM VISITING._

- Mr. Norman proposed that Messrs.Linaker,Fletcher,and the Chairman of Committee. with the Clerk of Council be appointed as the Committee, to visit tbe Asylum.— This was azreed to, and also that their expenses be —Mr. Woodward gave notice of moti,An that he would at the next meeting move the appointment of visitors to Panta3aphl and the orphan children, eta.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRESSING DEATH OF SERGEANT WILLIAM ALFRED PLAYER, RUNCORN.

A sad occurrence took place in Greenway-read, Run- corn, shortly after eight o'eleck on Friday night, which cast a gloom over the whole of the district,in the awfully sudden death of Colour-Sergeant William Alfred Player, who dropped on his back in Greenway-road,ane expired in a short time afterwards from heart disease. Only a few minutes before the sad oceurreoce, Sergeant Player had been in the Volunteer Social Club, and, but for a complaint of severe heartburn, appeared in remarkably good spirits, considering that he tiaa not been enjoying his usual good health ter a few days previously. The proprietor of the Lion Hotel (Mr. Thomas Price) assisted uy others carried Sergeant Player into the hotel, but he expired before Dr.Ornesby,who was sent for immediately, arrived. The doctor on arrival stated that the probable Cause of deatu was heart disease. Much sympathy Is expressed for the widow in the sad bereavement, as Sergeant Player, who is only 58 years of age,was widely knewn, and highly respected in the neighbourhood. Born at Erith, in Kent, where his father was organist at the parish church for many years, young Player enlis- ted into the 22nd Regiment, now known as the Cheshire Regiment in 1858. He was then only seventeen years of age, but his education and smartnees caused him to be promoted to lance-corperal within six months of his joining, and he was made sergeant in about three years wade serving in Vialta, and afterwards eolour-sergeano. From 1859 to 1865 Sergeant Player was at Malta. He was subsequently two years in the Mauritius, and was iii one home service from 1867 b 1876; tie was never ii taloa, bum he pess-ssed the good c ieduet medel In the last-named year he was apeointed drill instructer tn the Runcorn companies of the 7ch Cheshire, and 2ni V.B. Cheshire Regiment (Earl ot Chester's Rifles), and three years ago alter a meritorious serviae of twenty yeas in the Volunteers, and ato al service of nearly iorty years he retired on a pension. The occasion was signalised by the preseneaidon to nun of an illuminated address and a valuable silver tei sesvice. He hes since occupied the position of secretary to the Volunteer Social Llub.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE FUNERAL.

The mortal remains of ex-Sergeant William Player, were, on Wednesday laid to rest, in a new grave in 1 Greenway-read Cemetery, Runcorn, with fitting mlitary honours and respectful tenderness, by lo,s late comrades in arms of the 2nd Battalion of the Eirt Cheshire Re.:i- ment. The ceremony, which was an imposing one, was witnessed by so large a concourse of people that it was considered expedient to close the gates of the cemetery. whilst the ceremony was going on. At about 2.30 thel Runcorn Detachment, numbering about 88, exclusive of officers, proceeded from the armoury to toe house of thel deceased, f rots whence they proceeded in the followine order to the cemetery :—Firing party (20) commanded by Colonel Sergeant Anderson ; band (24) paying "Dead I March " in Saul; buglers (4) ; toe coffi 1 and bearers (12); friends; rank and file of the Runcorn volunteers, com- manded by Captain G F Ashton and Lieutenant Maurice, who brought up the rear.—At the church and graveside the burial service was impressively conducted by the Rev. W Scholes (curate). The coffin bore the fot.o wing inscription:—" William Player, died Angus: 27ch, aged 58 years." It was of oak with brass mountings, and was borne from the house to the graveside on the shoulders of his respectful comrades, being covered with the Union Jack on which were laid sword, belt and helmet. Those present included—Captain G F Ashton (command- ing the Runcorn Det schment), Lieutenant. Maurice, Sergeant-Major J Thomas (Chester); Sergeant-Instructor Burke (Hartford), and T Rolley, 2nd V. B. South Lan- cashire Regiment (Widnes) ; Colour-Sergeants H Anderson, F Rolland. J Davies, and Sergeant H Pollard (Chester) ; Sergeant J J Heashaw, Private T Simmons (Frodsham) ; the officers of the Runcorn Detachment in- cluding :—Quarterrnaster-Sergeant W Raekinsee, see. geant•lnseructor O'Callaghan, Paymaster-Sergeant .1 Poole, Colour-Sergesnt W H Harvey, Sergeants J W Woodland, J A Rushton, T Holmes, D Ei wards, George Lee, W Pocenix, W Platt, S D Matthews, and Messrs T C Price, W Msller, W Grisdale, J Unsw orth, George Pearson, C Handles', S Thompson, T Hutt in (ex- sergeant), J Capper, R Morris, W B irton, .1 Pi 119, S. ' Gregory, T Jones, F Coward, P Whitlow. John Holt. The bearers were : Sergeant Inspector's McCallaghan, Burke, Roney ; Colonel Sergeants : Mort, Idol- land ; Sergeants : Holmes, Lea, E lavaris, Wood- ' land. Platt, Pnocenix ; Lance Sergeant Matthews Beautiful fisral tributes of sympathy and respect were cont-ibuted by the following :—Runcora Volunteer S icial Club; Sergeants Mess 2nd Volunteer Battalion Cheshire Regiment; Mr and Mrs T C Price; The Runcorn Volunteers; Mr and Mrs Littlernore, Water Works; "His dear wife" Mrs Player; Tenants of Mr. James Price; Mrs Coward and Family.

UNCOuN URBAN nisritra COUNCIL.

The umal monthly meeting of the ably 3 Council, wag belt% at the Town Hall. on Thursday morning, there being present at the commencement of the procexlings : Messrs. P. Speakman, D. Bisbrown, E. Imison, H. J. Griee, T. Dean, James Wilson, with Mr. E. Marshall (secretary), Mr. F. A. Lake (law clerk), and Dr. McDaugall (medical officer). THE CHAIRMANSHIP. -

- -- Mr. Ellison proposed that Mr. P. Sp3akrnin take the chair, but no sooner harl he bee me seated, and the busi- ness commenced, than in came Mr. J. W. Lightburn (the chairman), wearing his chain of offi le, which he had been putting on in ass next room.—Mr. P. Speakman. however, pr.sided throughout the proc •edings. MEDICM.. OFFICER'S REPORP.

The number of death, registered during the past month was 28. The average death rite for the month was 19.2, and exilasive of inquest cites 16.4 of the e. timated population ; 58 births were registered. For the corresponding period last year. 37 deaths, and 42 births were registered. THE NURSE'S EMPLOYMENT. It was recommend id that, as regards the terms OR which Miss Jessie Hou'brook is engaged al assistant nurse, resolution N. 1088 be asseneed by omitting the words "That she is retained by t 5 C "and by substituting the following words" as her ssrvices may be required by the Council." The latter part of th 3 resolution will then read as follows :—"Also that she be not allowed to take outside work during such time as her services may be required by the Council." Mr. Dian explained, that as regards the nurse, it was considered advimble that she should be allowed to take private patients when her services were not requirsd by the Council, as she would thus be benefitted by a greater experience. The reeommendation was adopted. FREE LIBRARY REPORT AND °ran MATTERS. The annual report of the Free Library Committee wai submtted for the year ended June 30th last. Oa the motion of Mr. Grice, sec 'laded by Mr. Dean. it was decided to accept the tender of Mr. William Farrell for the making and erection of a gate far the Town Yard, Mill Brow. The usual financial statement was submitted and approved. THE STANDING ORDERS APPEkLED TO.

The following notice of motion wag down in Mr. Col- lier's same :—" That the Urban District Council do hereby adopt the Baths aid Wash-housei Act 1848, 1247, 1878, and 1882. Mr. Wilson said it was a pity that Mr. Collier was absent; and if he wore allowed, he Would like to move it in the name of Mr. W. Collier. Mr. Lightburn questioned Mr. Wilson as to the opera- tion and extent of the Acts to be adopted. Mr. F. A. Lake referred to the standing orders which required that a tnemb3r should be provided with writ- ten authority before a motiGn could be moved by proxy and the matter dropped. THE GLABISTOSE MEMORIALS. A letter was read from members of the Cheshire being a copy of the circular issued by the General Cneroaulncil, Committee for the National &tensorial to IMr. Gladstone, and asking that it be brought before the Council :—No comment was made. RUNCORN HEATH AND COMMON. Mr. F. A. Lakellaw clerk) was unanimously appointed to represent the Council and to vote in respect of the appointment of a Valuer is the matter of the Regulation of Runcorn Flcath ond Ruacorn Hill at a meeting of per- sons interested in such lands to bs held on September 7th next. EMPLOYERS LIABILITY.—SAFEGUARDING THE

===== 0002601_18980902_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCIL.

Mr. Imison having pointed out the necessity of safiguarling the Csuncil against the operations of the was f,B ss. Employers Liability Act,askei pertniision to move that an insurance Policy, the premium of which at 10s. per cent. in the Ocean Ineuramna compaßy ije obtained. Mr. D. Bishrown seconded what he considered a wise

step. Mr.Grice asked did that insurance embrace the whole of the Council's liabilities,and include deaths? The Law Clerk said he eoniidered that it was the usual kind and covered the usual riEks. The motion was unanimously carried. MR. COLLIER ARRIVES LATE.

The Chairman was just closing the business when Mr. W. Collier entered the room. He had however pro- nounced the business at an end, when Mr. Collier asked permission to move his notice of motion' as an act of courtesy. He said he hld only just arrived from his holidays. The Chairman slid that it was beyond him, as the business was over. Mr. Cattier thought it was shabby treatment,and said that possibly under another Chairman he would be

aliowe'd to d 5 an. Mr. Imison supported the Chairman, and added that even had Mr. Collier anothor hour of meeting before hins the time for the comidera'i"th of his motion was passed, and he did not see that he had any claim to be heard. The Law Clerk advisad t'lat the motion be repeated for the next meeting.

CYCLING and TOURING ROAD MAPS.—JORN S. GREEN, Stationer. &e., 34. Bridge-street, Warrington ASK far CUNNINGHAM'S HI4IE-CI4ASS HIRBRAL WATIESS —Advt.

WEDDING AT THE PA.RISH CHURCH.

HARDMAN-DUTTON.

The nuptials of Mr. Richard Hardman, Appleton, Widnes, and Miss Blanche E. Dutton (only daugh- ter of Mr. Charles Dutton, of the London and North- Western Hotel, Runcorn) were celebrated in the presence of a large gathering of friends and well- wishers on Wednesday morning, at the Runcorn Parish Church. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. W. Scholes. Tne bride, looking exceedingly pretty in a dress of royal blue cloth, trimmed with white satin and lace, with white felt hat trimmed with large white ostrich feathers, came into church leaning on the arm of her father, who gave her away. She was followed by her bridesmaid Miss Alice Hardman (sister of the bridegroom) who wore a dre 48 of pale blue cloth shot with silk and a hat to match, and was escorted by her brother Mr. Robert Hardman (who acted as best ,man). The bride carried a bouquet of white roses and lilies of the valley, and the bridesmaid brie of pink roses. After the cerennony,the guests accompanied the newly I welded couple Co the house of the bride's ptrents,where the weddieg breakfast was partaken of,prior to the de- parture of the happy couple for St. Annes-on-the-Sea, where the honeymoon will be spent. The guests in- cluded : Alga Edie Inglis, Birkdale ; Miss Gertrude Inglis, Birkdale; Miss Annie Garvie, Miss Withington, Miss Tracey, Miss Genie Duttin, Mrs Gore, Miss Annie Deakin, Mr. and Mrs A Hough, Mr M A Dutton, Mr F Dutton,Mr Harrison(Warrington),Mr. A Sutton, Warrington, Mr W Sutherland, Mr J Haynes Mr George Pearson,:fdr James Both, Mr W Neal, and Mr J Slater (Norton). In the atternom, the wedding party enjoyed a pleasant drive into the country, and the evening was spent in a cmvivAl insnror a: the bride's home.

Toe following is a list of presents : Bridegroom to bride, gold brooch Bride to bridegroom. breastpin Mr and Mrs Charles Dutton, brass Persian bedsteads,chairs, household linen and silver Mr G Hardman. cheque and timepiece Mrs It Hardman, tale silver sitting-room rug and fender Mr Arthur Dutton, brass fender and brassies, and fancy rocking chair Mr Fred Dutton, oil paintings Mr Harry Duttion(Oape Town), tee service and toilet set Miss (Jarvis, flower stands and vases Miss, and. Mr It and Mrs J Harriman, sitlingroom chairs and wringing machine Miss M Prescot, bedroom rug and mat Mr H Dixon, Pam Miss nlaaltburn, silver jam dish Mr and Mrs Garet, flower stand :Or W (brat, brushes Miss Inglis, fancy cushion Miss G Inglis, tee coats Mr and Mrs John Powell, work box Mr and Mrs A Hough, dinner service Mr and Mrs Dunbavin, flower stand Misses Deakin, silver jam dish Miss Reynolds, toilet services Mr Thomas Haynes, carvers Mr James,W Nield, silver sugar tongs Mr Booth. Persian table oloth Mr G Pearson. skin rug Mr W Greenhouss, silver breakfast cruet Mr W Sutherland, silver jam dish Mrs W Hughes, hand painted screen Mr Arthur ftiley, damask cloth Mrs Derbyshire, jugs Mrs Banner, tea pot and stand, and salts, and tray Mrs Bennett, brackets Miss Hill, cheese dish Miss Barton, baskets

Mr 11 Sherratt, flower vases A Friend, pillow cases and mats Miss Tracy, embroidered tea cloth Mr and Mns Walker. copper kettle Mr and Mrs T Whinyates, picture Miss Withington, damask table cloth Mr Sutton, silver mustard pot Mr vooke, silver tea pot

RUNCORN it UrtA.L fi[sriacr COUNCIL.

The usual fortnightly meeting of the above Council was held at th 3 W u.kh Jae, Dutton, on Tuesday, Mr. Joseph Knowiel, J.P., (presiding). There were ale° present : —Messrs. S. Woodward (vice-ch tirman), J. Weir, T. Antwiss, T. Lewis. Admiral Parry, J.P., J. Scruce, E. Clarke,P. Leather, W. Bradford,W. Fletcher, P. Gleave, C. E. Linaker, T. Wright, J. Mclntyre, with I Mr. J. Ashton (clerk) and Mr. George Ashton (deputy clerk), Messrs. Diggle and Swinton (surveyors),and Mr. Farringtm (inspector.)

===== 0002601_18980902_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
HELSBY PAROCHIAL COMMITTER.

At the meeting of the Helsby Parochial Committee, held at the National schools on Monday, Mr. James Taylor, presiding, a letter was read from Mr. C. H. Mason in the matter of the London and North Western Railway Company and the Runcorn District Council, stating: "In further reply to your letter of the 16113 inst the engineer writes ma that ha cannot give a definite answer to your clients proposals. owing to the meagre information that has been supplied to him with regard to the proposed scheme. He will be glad to have a drawing shewing in detail how the manhole is to be Con- structed in the ditch adj scent to toe joint company's property where the present sewage comes down from the catch pit; he also wishes to have a section shewing the depths at which it is proposed to carry the intended sewer under the bridge, which carries the railway over the road from the Robin flood publics Souse. In ths abiience of the information, he states that it is inspoesible for him to give any approval to the scheme.— rho Clerk was instructed to reply that the depth of the preposed sewer was shown on the plan, and to state that the Council wished before going to the expense of getting out plane, in detail, for an expression of opinion of the company that they approved generally of that portion of the scheme which is coloured blue on the plan, and that, thereupon, the consulting engineer will be instructed to prapare the necessary plans te be submitted to the Local Government Board.—Tbe Clerk read the following letter from the Helsby and District Water Company, Lirzited. Dear sir,—We have just put down four hydrants on County Council roads, and shall be glad to learn if we may put down tray three hydrants on district roads, suggested suitable places being Griffith, corner (Alvanlev-road), Blyth3 Cottages' (Alvanley-read), and Colliers Square. We are prepared to siepoly the water oe the terms agreed on with the County Council viz. : 91 per 1,000 gallons with a mini- mum of 10s. per hydrant per annum.—lt was resolved that the Clerk be instructed to reply that the Council do not think it necessary at present to fix the hydrants mentioned.--Attention was called to a second case of diphtheria in Helsby,which it was alleged bad been duly notified. &bolt 10 days ago, but nothing further had be in done in the matter' and the Clerk was instructed to enquire why it had not been attended te.—The minutes were agreed to.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
iLLEGED OVERCROWDING AT WESTON POINT.

The inspect or reported tit —l;e had To. v-eswatitia.ted 10 csses of allege! overcrowding at Weston Point. He found that only three of such cases were slightly over- crowded, and in hi.s opinion they were in such a condi- tion as to b 3 injurious to health. The premises he was pleased to state were strictly clean, and were a credit to the occupiers. TES DOCTIR'S AITENDLNCKS.

In reply to Mr. Linaker's questirm, the Clerk stated that he found that Dr. Adams had attended 4 Out of 9 meetings during the current financial year.—Mf. Linaker stated as his reason for making the haquiry.that it was owing to the aralunt of olmmeat indulged in by other members. He wished to correct a statement mis- reported last week, w her 3 it was alleged Le stated that the doctlr's attendances were "scandalous," he had implied that the remarks relating t the (lost ars attendances were something scandalous, that was all.—Th3 matter dropped. THB INFBCTIOUS DMUS'S CrCEEITION.

The Clerk subm.tted the repart of the Frodsham Sec- tion. The committee inspected several Sites within easy distance of Froesham and recommended a field in Town- field-lane, being glebe land in the parish of Frolsham provided (1) the price should be found reasonable, (2) the elevation should be found to be such as could be supplied with water from the Fro isham waterworks un- dertaking, (3) the road down to the main road leading from Frodsharn and Frodshain Bridge could be widened and made good at a reasonable cost. It has since been ascertained that the field in question was 3 acres and 27 , perches in extent and that the price would be £2OO per Isere or £6eo for the whole field. From levels taken by Mr. niggle the elevation was such that a water supply could be obtained from the Frodsham Waterworks. The land an each side of the road belongs to the Marquis of Cholmondeley, the representatives of the late J. H. ' Hayes, Messrs.J. C. Lowe,W.Youd,T.Lewis, H.Bate, the Union Chapel trustees the school trusters Miss Perryo and ' the Vicar of Frodshatn' being glebe lands of the Vicar and vicarage of Prodstaam.edr.W.Youd had expressed his willingness to gi• e one half of the land required for Widening the roe I to 36 feet,provided the District Conc- eit make the nect3sary fences, and it was thought all the other owners would do the same. Mr. Diggle estimated that the cest of making the road a cindered road would be about £l5O, and of constructing a sewer to the main sewer to Frodsham Bridge £67. He had not, however, yet estimated the expense of making new fences on each side of the road.—Mr. Woodward propossd that the matter be reconsidered and that the old committee be argutnented by the addition of Messrs. C. E. Linaker, J. Kidd and Taylor (Frodsham).—Mr. Wright secondecLand the motion was carried.--Dr. Adams submitted that he had written to Ches.:er and Warrington respecting the aceomodation ef patients, at the hospital there, but was not yet in a position to supply any definite information. He thought, with regard to Warrington, however, that on the last occasion they risolisd to him,they stated that they would require from £BO to £lOO a year to be sub- scribed towards their maintenance, without taking any patients, and an additional charge of £2 25., per patient would be required for every week any patient remained with them.—Tidis matter was deferr2d for future con- sideration. PINANCE. mg. Wright proposed the adoption, of the fiRMICO nommittee'S report, which showed the payments that day to be £341 Ile. ; not presentee £726 ; and the balance in hand was £768 9s. 71.—The report was un- -2,131'11%1111y adopted. NEW BUILDINGS y OVERTON. Mr. E. Hewitt, of Temple Cearnhere, 33, Erszennese.

(street, Manchester, wrote stating that he 'had recently purchased some land next to the Council's reservoir a Overton and it was his intention to build thereon about four pairs of semi-detached houses, rentals about £35 per annum, and most likely two detached houses about £6O. His only difficulty was the water supply, and he now asked to place the matter before the loo.rd, to see what arrangements could be made in the way of erecting a tower and cistern, from which cisterus in the attics could be supplied. He understood the rat) for water supply in the Lsriship was 12i pr cent on the assess- ment. This, in his opinion wi,s very exceoive, and he thought a supply could be had on better terms. He would be prepared to pay 9 per cent on the assessment, and he had no doubt tue ctaer inhabitants of the district would willingly join in such a scheme.

FATALITY IN THE SHIP CANAL. THE BODY RECOVERED.—INQUEST. THE CORONER ON THE SITUATION. Mr. J. E. Warsley, at the Runcorn Police Station, on Wednesday morning, held an inquest on the body of a boy, James Ed warl Owen, woo was drowaed under distressing circumstances whilst bathing in the Ship Canal on Thursday week, and whose body was recovered on Monday last, near the spot at which it went down, after being disturbed by the pasting of the steam boat " Salford."—The father of the bay was present, and Captain Heasley represented the Ship Canal Company. Mr. Richard Owen, 21, Sth Bank Terrace, Runcorn, said the deceased was his 12 year old lion. 'rhe last occasion upoa which he saw him alive was on Sunday week. Personally he knew nothing about the occurrence but his wife had t eld him that James went out of the house on raursday latt week quite well. He was aware that hit boy o3casionally weat to b ithe in the canal down by Ferry hut, and also that he could not swim. No one ever prevented his lad bathing there to his Knowledge though his mother often used to try and distuase him from going there. Witness had seen numbers of boys bathing regularly there, and in fact it was a recognised regular bathing place. For the 20 years he had resided in Runcorn the foreshore had beta se used, especially bet,ra the advent of the Ship Canal. Bertie Lambert, son of John Lambert, 7, Clarence. terrace, deposed to being in company with the deceased en Thursday week, when they weat for a bathe in the Ship Canal, at a spot between the Ferry and Rancor's. Bridge, near to Ferry Hut. Deceased could not swim but he (witnets) could swim just a little. At first they bathed alongside the landing stage, but James said it was not deep enough so they went against the cop, where the deceased must have got out of his depth. Witness swam after him and got dragged down, but deceased let loose of him and sank himself after coming up once. He then shouted and the ferryman rowed to the spot and tried to get the deceased out, hut he waS too late. Witness was accustomed to bathe there, although he had been driven away by the ferryman. They were not always driven away,and when there were one or two of them the ferryman let them bathe. Some- times both boys and girls were bathing there.—By the jury : He learnt to swim by the landing stage, and did not know of anywhere else where buys of tae town bathed.

Mr. Richard Asspey, ferryman, stated that the boys were bathing, unknown to him, on the ThumJay, and must have been by thernselve 4 as he sew no one else there. Whilst he was tying up the boat, and had a pin and rope in his hand he heard the last witness shouting and immediately let go of the rope aad pin and got out the boat to go to oie ass stance. He reached toe apot in a very few minutes afterwards but could not see anything of the deceased. He aitempted to get at the boy with a boat back, and tried for him where the puddle was but could Teich no further teen about 12 to 14 feet. He could sa irn a little but it would have been useless to enter the water as he could not see the lad. ! Whilst he was in the best the Rev. Mr. Stables (of !Weston), cams running from the church and entered the ' water about kaee deep. He afterwards took him in the beat, and they crossed the caoal t 3 fetete the grapples which were on the other side. On coming back they at ! once grappled for the b edy but could not find it. He did not know whether the curate mild swim ; neither could he tell whether the body would stiy where it diseppeered or go with the tides. It was low water at the time of the ac- cident. Several people had been down in the afternoon diving and trying t) recover the body. At the close of his examination,witaess stated from time tu time he had warned the children about bathing there, aud it was a great pity that the parents of the children did not take more care. He had beau sitting, on many oceasions, in his boat long enough to get sunstroke, keeping guard over the children—warning them back lest any of them should get drowned. He was net; :surprise i at the occur- rence. The only thing that surprised him was that there were no more such accideots.—By the j Jry : He could not say how many he hid. seen bathing there at a time. He had been continually warning them —One of the jury,remarked that be tied seen 80 whom be counted himself,batbing at the spot. Mr. James Percivaesinitary inspector to the Runcorn Urban District Council, said he recovered the body from the Slip Canal on Monday evening. The body waa re- moved to Owen's home. There were no marks of violence upon it, but there were several traces of the grapples having go; on to the body. It was takes out in close proximity to where the boy was said to have sunk, but how it was it remained there,was beyond him,especislly in the face of the numerous attempts to recover it. In summing up, the Coroner said, it was a very sad inque.t—it was an inquest of great importance, and an inquest he had foreseen, and the probability of which had often been commented upon by ferernen of previ- ous juries. They could see from the evidence of the boatman, that he too had foreseen the result, when he stated that he often stayed in his boat in danger of getting sunstroke simply for the purpose of watching over these little children. He had warned them and even driven them away, and it was still his opinion that if they did not go away these deaths would be repeated. At length, Mr.Woraley detailed the listery of the plane, which he described as being of a peculiar nature. The depth from lor 2 inches at the eittreese water edge, came gradually to depths of 2 and 3 fee',then suddenly without any warning it fell toe depth of the whole 24 feet of the canal. There being nothing to mark the change was it not likely that the little children would meet their deaths? He had had the opportunity of visiting the spot, and was pi epsred to make any presentment the jury thought fit to require of him either to the Ship Canal Company, or to the Local Authority. in the shape of recommending the erecting of a rail sufficiently high and strong to be a raw* and protection against danger, and cutting off , the piece of water like so much impounded specs, to provide a safe bathing place for the children. Boys would !bathe, and during the hot weather nothing would prevent then* from bathing. As to the actual verdict he could only recommend them to bring in one of "Accidetital Death" as there was no one to blame. Indeed, it was apparent to all, that those who bathed there were trespassers up. on the Ship Canal property. After a brief retirement the jury returned a verdict of "Accidental Death." On behalf of the jury, the fore- man proposed a vote of condolence with the parents Of the boy, which was unanimously accorded; and asked that the Coroner would make a preseatrnent ay suggested to the Ship Canal Comp any with a view of protesting the piece, failing whicn they would like the Local Authority to be approeched.---Captaic Heasley said he , would lay the matter before the Ship Canal Company. \

A RUNCORN BOY DROWNED.—TRASIC TERMINA- TION OF A SOLIDLY. Joseph Williamson. the fourteen-year-old son of Am- brose Williamson, of Clarence-terrace, Runcorn having a holiday,decided to spend it in what to a juvenile mind would be a highly romantic way—on his uncle's- boat on the Bridgewater Canil. He joined the boat on Friday night, and all went <veil until Sunda, night. The boy had greatly enjoyed himself in visiting Alexandra Park. Manchester. in the afternoon, and after tea want for a stroll with his uncle. Just b3fore ten p.m. they returned to the cabin,and were proDatinX to go to bed when de- ceased,who had taken off his coat and shoes,leEt the cabin and went on deck. Be was shortly afterwards missed, but nothing was seen or heard of him again until day- break on Monday morning,whan bia body was discovered just under the stern of the boat. The canal was dragged for more than two hours the yrevious night. An inquest was held on the body by the City Coroar -on Monday. Acting on the presumption that the boy had walked off the deck into the water the jary returned a verdict of Accidentally drowned." THE PENERALS. -

_ The funerals took place on Thursday afternoon about 4 o'clock. The remains were escorted to the grave by the Boys Brigade (Church). Both funerals joined and formed one impressive cortege from Bridgewater-street to the cemetery.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

WYCLIFFE P. S. k. SOCIETY. Ay. John Atkinson presided at the meeting of this society on Sunday afternoon.which was well attended. Mr.Harvey,of Widnes,was the speaker, and he delivered aninteresting address on "The Christian Athlete." He said It would be a bad day for England when the vices of gambling forced Englishmen from the green sward. He hoped the day was far distant when the sport of the country NVOuld be brought down to the level of horse racing. The musical portion of the service was rendered additionally attractive by two tromboße solos contri- buted by Mr. Smith. ectirled "The Lost Card "and " Honour and Arms." Mr. Lang explained the rules of a sick club which it was proposed to form ICI connection with the society—The service was also takENl Part in by Mr. R. Atkinson and, Mr. J. Hawthorn.

capite,RA:cTossra.RnACLSB.7dTal;.oSewineldennedsidllagy...tOTwhuitruidesasy,Daoon. d Friday next week would do well to study the special getting there. Parttou facilities afforded by the Great Central Itaiiway for ira of the eirmp e,pr," "tar. aiena which will leave Narrin,,oepp , w 1 be found, in ritiv advertising Cohinaus.

lc;

I

11

I.' 1 :

:

===== 0002601_18980902_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
• „ . _ R AMI Fl 3 FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1898. _ . _ _

THE SYMBOL OF STRENGTH. Britannia iS the symbol of strength at home and abroad. and whether upon the ocean wave or in the Berried ranks of her brave sons in Egypt, India,or China the fame of our country is always identified with power of will and strength of nerve—the highest state of cour- age that ansk-s heroes. Science is the handmaid that helps ts maintain this standard of supremacy, and the great gifts of nature We concentrated for the use of men in Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, a tonic to keep every faculty at its brightest and its best. Mighty is the power of the spele and those who wield it are the pioneers of our greatness. The fearless miner burrowing in the earth and the strong navvy removing mountains are the very sinewy of the nation. These men must always keep their strength at full stretch. Lyle nir of the severest is their lot and full health is necessary in accomplishing their daily tasks, and if they are attacked with Indiges- tion, Liver Disorders, or Pains in the Back, they know they can find relief by taking Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. rhe hard working toilers, generally, of the United Kingdom, should remember the old saying, "Prevention is better than cure," and that just as it is nece,sary to call in a medical man, when brain and body are overtaxed, so is it desirable to do all that is possible to keep the system th r iughly up to the mark, for every rush of aompetition and extra labour. You have a regular doctor, have you a regular preservative of health to save you from the doctor and the doctor's bills ? If not. try Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Great Tonic Pre- ventative against Serious Illness. The distressing worries of a family household lead to the greatest suffer- ing—the nerveus system being specially strained in the turmoil, and Neuralgia, Nervousness, and Debility, with their attendant miseries are the most frequent torments that women in particular have to endure, Low spirits and Depression often render housewives quite unfit for their onerous duties and to prevent this condition Gwilym EVIDS' Qainine Bitters is strongly recom- mended. Don't delay if you feel out of sees; but get Gwilym Evan.' Quieine Bittere,a purely vegetable tonic, which contains the strengthening qualities of Sarsa- parilla, Srffron, Burdock, Gentian, Lavender, and Dandelion, as well as Quinine. The exact remedy you want for Palpitation, Sleeplessness, Biliousness, or Rheu- matism. It not only gives you freedom from pain but strength, and zest for your work, that makes it a pleasure. This perfection of medicinal preparations is advocated as a first aid towards quickening commercial nstincts for the counting-house or the market-place, it is a Tonic that is sure to be wanted. This world- renowned remedy is sold in B Atles at 23. 9d. and 43. 61. each. BP ware ef Imitations. See that you get "Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters " with the name " Gwilym Evans' on Label, Stamp, and Bottle. This is important. Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufactnring Com pany, Limited, Llenelly, South Wales.

Ntinwick-road was summon...it for arrears, on an order made upon him for the maintenance of his son on the ship Clio. The Chief Constable said the case was adj earned seine time ago in ordPr that defendant might pay off the arrears. He had not done that, but hod done his best. ,nd he asked for a further adjournment for a month. This was granted —A. similar case, in which Joseph Cartledge, Turner-street, was con- cerned. was also adjourned to,* am nth. A. MIDNIGHT CONCERT IN AIKIN-WIREKT. - George Barnes, James Knox. and John Taymr, all of Atkin-street. were charged with having been drunk and disorderly ore Sunday, thenst inst.—P.s. Smith said that about one o'clock on the Sunday morning he heard a noise in Alkin-street. and on Proceeding there round about 20 people men' and women, sitting on the footpath near the Fever Hospital. They were all shouting and singing at the top of their voices. He told them to go home and they all went with the exception of , the three defendants, who were drunk and behaved in a dis- orderly manner setting him at deftence.—P.O. Crimes gave wroborative evidence —Defen .ants were etch fined Eis. Ftruta FOR DRITNICENNRB3.—SamcieI Mather. 14. James- street; John Horan, 26 Vero-street; and Annie Duane, 21, Howard-street. Onarnucrton.—Willians Bailey, fruit hawker, Golden Grove-street, was fined 5s for obstructinK the tonic by allow' .ing his handcart to stand In Horsernarket-streetionger than

vrta-s necessary. A Winniril TO STINE THRIITERS.-101e1 Ryder. 4. Robson-street. George Hoarty. , School-brow. and James Stringer. 17, Back-Crossley-street. were summoned for throw- ing stones to the danger of passengers in Marshhouse lane,on the 24th August. The Chief Constable said the defendants threw stones on the Cheshire Lines Railway.—P.C. Pfrmb gave evidence as to seeing the defendants throw about a dozen stones.—A detective of the company said the com- plaints of stone-throwing near this particular bridge had been numerous. Only as recently as the 12th August a Great Central guard was struck by a stone, and was bleeding freely when he arrivel at Halewood siding. The guards were almost frightened to pass the place. Considerable damage had also been done to insulators by the practice of stone- throwing.—Th_ Chairman sail the matt r was a serious one, and only that they denied that they had thrown on the line they would have been severely dealt with. They would be ach final le.

• e• • 4 . • I '

TIIIMAT.—Beore Mr. Garnett On the chair), and Mr. Threhatt.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY —Patrick( Mannion, Rose and Crown-street, was charged with having been drunk and dis- orderly in Mem-street on Monday evening. It was stated that defendant came to the Police Station in a drunken con- dition, and complained about losing his boots, He was put outside, bat refused to go away and became disorderly. The Chief Constable said it was his 25th appearance He was fined 5s and costs.--Mary Carty. 9, Stanley-street, was fined be and costs for having been drunk and disorderly in Horse- market-street at half-oast eleven en Monday night. She in- sisted on the constable lo ;king her up. as " she wanted to get to Manchester cheap." ScHoot, ATTENDANCE CASES. —The following were fined for not sending their children regularly to school :—William Henry Cox. 17, Porter-street; John Birchen, 10, Ashton- street ; Thomas Lavin, 8, Warnurton-street ; John Green 19, Florence-street : Allen Wilkinson. 41 Hoyle-street ; Francis Gill, 15. Pierpoint-street ; and William Harper,Turner-street . School attendance orders were made noo i John Lowe, 227, Winwick-street (two children) ; Daniel Pollard, 102, Long- ford-street ; and Henry Bate, 269, Wlnwick-road. Margaret McNamara, Pump-yard who was summoned in respect of her son.stated that he would not attend school, :sad on the appli- cation of Mr. Jones, school attendance officer, who prose- cuted in all cases, the boy was sent to the Hightown Trulnt School.

TrruaanlY—Before Mr.R. Gar_nett. (in the chair), and Mr,

Thomas Sutton. A No-roatous CHARACTER —Margaret Cates was charged with being drunk and disorderly, in Scotland-road, on Wed- nesday night.—Defenlant pleaded guilty.—A. Constable said he saw the prisoner in Scotland-road. on the night in ques- tion about five minutes to eleven, in company with some militia men. She was drunk and using very bad language. Witness cautioned her, and advised her to go home. She refused and he was obliged to take her to the police station. The Chief Constable said it was her 10th appearance in two years. The bench sent hr to gaol for a month with hard isbour Prisoner left the court weepi ,g bitterly. TEMPORARY Atrrnorsur.—George Lang applied for tern. porary authority to sell at the Rose and Crown, Bridge- strest ; and James Arnold Rushworth also appli.-d for temporary authority to sell at the Horse and Jockey' Winwick road. Both applications were granted.

r ,

~ ~ . :c.. .r.

•

fl

===== 0002601_18980902_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFk `RE THE MIUISTRAT ES.

REMANDED Foe ENCIIIDUES.

At the Warringt on Borough Poi-me Court on Monday morning. befera Mr. F. Mork s (chairman), and other magistiates.—Norman Matheson, of no fixed abode, was charged with having been foiled on the encloied pre- mises of Mersey Chambers, Mersey-street, he being there for an unlawful purpose with intent to commit a felony. —Prisoner said he was innocent of all thought and inten- tion of doing harm.—The Chief Constable observed that the case ea.; a somewhat extraordinary one. Mersey Chambers were situatad near Bridge Fcot, and were occupied by a number of tmante. About half-past eight on Sarurday night the place was securely looked by a man named Bailey, who wou'd tell the Bench that anyone who was inside at that time must have been locked in one of the room or can fully concealed In the basement. Between half-past eleven and twelve o'clock P.C.'s Corbett and Lewis heard someone moving about inside. They found that the outside door was locked. One of them remained at the place while the other went in search ef tomeone who had a key to the premises. When they opened the door they found defendant in the lobby. U. wou'd give no account of himself except that he bad gone in th-re to shelter and had been locked in. An examination of the prernis s revealed the fact that the door of a room occupied by Mr. Joseph Newton, a commission a ;mt, had b atm forcibly burst open. Con- sideratle force must have been used, because a piece of the door had been broken off. D ,fendaat had told the police that he was a teacher, and had been engaged in educational work all his life. He said he cams from In- verness-shire. He (Mr. Talbot) submitted that the de- fendant's a !count as to how he got on the premises was very 11112-y and unsatisfactory.—Joseoh Newton, com- mission agent, 'aid he last left his office on Thursday afternoon, making everything secure before he came away. He WAS called to the premises on Saturday at midnight, and found that his office door had been burst Open. N tthing in the office had ben disturbed.— Alexand, r Bailey, agent for the Warrington Provident Clothing Club, ,aid his place of business was at Mersey Chambers. Ha left the premises at half-past eight on Saturday n:ght, and locked the front door. He had had occasion to go to Mr. Newton's office in the morning,and the door then s,enied to be securiey faitened.—P.C. Corbett said that when they found defendant in the lobby he asked him what he was doing there. Defendant replied" I don't know. but I am here." He ',rail after- warts taken to the Police titatim. aid when charged re- plied " I went in out of the rain." He was sober, but seemed to be recovering from the effects of a drunken bout. Earlier on Saturday night two youths said they had beard someone knocking about on the premises,and had been to teil a p oliceman.—Defrndant, who had sub- mitted each w tneseto a searching cross-examination,

denied that he had done anything that was wrong. He had been a member of an honourable profess'on all la's life, and had a good charaeter. He was going to Man- chester on Saturday, and turned back in consequence of ths rain, and had some beer to warm him. He certainl7 went into the I ,btry of the chambers to shelter, and he must have sl pt f _sr some considerable tine If there was anything wront! about that he was very sorry. Be could prove to th magistrate a that be was a respectable man. He had not done anything wrong, and if they let him off he would feel very grateful to them.—The case was remanded for a week in order that inquiries might be made as to his character.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. FLlDAY.—Before 7slr, Geddes (in ths chair) and Councillor Smethurst. HIISB kND AND WIFE. AT VARIANCE —William John Colter, 187, Battersby-iane, was summoned for assaulting his wife Eliza Colter on th - 19th August —Defendant pleaded guilty. ' —Complainant said be came home drunk on Friday last, and because she asked him why he had not been to his dinner, ' he asked how did he know there was any dihner for him. He beat her with a alipper and threw a bucket at her. He turned her and her little boy out of the house at 1230 at 111f/ht.—The deendant said as regarded beating her with a slipper. he was putting his slippers on. and at some- thing she said he hit her with it. He did throw a bucket at her, but it bounded off a board and struck a boy, but did not strike her.—The bench bound him over to keep the peace and pay the costs. Ax INSANE DEPXYDANT.—Thomas Newell was summoned • for using threats to Mary Gro ,m. Newell was not ,present, The Chief Constable said the defendant bad a summons served noon him using threats. He had beer, found by a pollee offiser on the canal bank in an Insane condition attempting to commit suicide. Letters and documents were found upon , him which bore ample evidence that he was of insane mind. He had been examined by the medical °Meer, and under the circumstances the defendant had been detained at the Workhouse. Perhaps. Continued the Chief Const.ble. the complainant would now Withdraw the charge as he was no donbt of insane mind at the time of using the threats. He weuld probably be removed to a lunatic asylum. The complainant said she was satisfied, She only wished to be protected from him and would withdraw the charge. —The case Was accordingly withdrawn. A CASE ADJOURNED.—WiIIiam Penketh, 87, Pierpoint street, was charged with cruelty bolds wife. Rebecca Penketh 241, Winwick-load, on the 15th August.—Mr. A. Browne appeared for the. c mph, nant and Mr. Fowler for defendant. Mr. Browne said his client had been obeged to come to Court for leer own protection as he had been persisently cruel to her. They were married on the 2nd September, 1887, at St. Helens. *Alter a short period of married life,he was sum- moned by her and bound over to keep the peace. He began to abuse her and she left him at different times. About three months ago in the middle of the night, he Game home in a cab drunk. He struck her with his clenched fist and after the struggle she had with him she could not use her fingers for same days. She had been struck several times but never when anyone was present. On the last occasion, he used bad language to her, and at two o'clock she had to leave the house,with her boy and slerdo with a neighbour.His wages were 21s per week as a horse slaughterer for Mr. Toole at Longford. —Mrs. Penketh bore out her soli-Rees opening statement. and added that after living only thre ) months with him he charged her with being with another man Mr. Fowler said the complainant had not a single witness to back her evid- ence. His client would say that she left the house of her own accord, preferred her mother's society to her husband's. She had a violent temper and had threatened him with the poker. Alter some discussion between the solicitors it was decided to try to come to some arrangement and for that purpose the bench adjourned the case for seven days. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (In the chair), Alderman Blackhurst, Kr. Ritehall. and Councillor Smethurst. A. Se ON • PoLICENAN. —Joseph Miller, 11, Dial-street, was was charged with having been drank and disorderly tr; Dial-street p Saturday o'eloak on night ; also with having Bruen. while in the execution of his duty,— assaulted Constable Breen stated that the nrimner's wife came to him conduct. Her apron ' and complained covered wai with u herblood. h at.s,bai r came forward and said osed with him, and Bruen. I shotild like to have ado with yon." He then (witness) e. sptrrnisocknehrismtruconkthheimleafgt ear.ain He Ayenne man named Allen came to his assistance, and they took Miller of the Pollee Station. —The Chairman said the offence wiS nt a serious nature, and prisoner would be committed to emsi for a month. BRUTAL ASSAULT ON A Wosta.N.:-William &milers/2, 3, Garden-row, was charged with having been drunk and dis- orderly in Coekhedge-lane at a roarter past tweye on Sunday Ine,lalug, also with assaulting Sarah Ann ..orna.x.—mrs. Lonaax said that she and defendant had had a faw wordsmnd he threatened he would take her Later on he rushed at her, and said he would do six months for hem. Fivelin!nutes afterwards a po'iee officer Caine up, and she !asked him for protection. Defendant therenuon struck her and knocked leer to the ground.—p.e. Smith said defendant was drunk and very disorderly, He assaulted the last witness in his presence. and said he would do six months for her. Witness had to draw his Staff to keep would have lynched him alfnOst.—De- the crowd off prisoner. He thought the people fendant WA3 fined ss. for being dtuisk end disorderly and ss. and costs for the assault.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY PE I'TY SESSIONS. TUESDAY. —Before Mr. C. 7. Parr (chairman), and Captain

Rodger. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.-541chael Carr, Latchford, for being drunk and disorderly at Grsp senhall, was fined ss. Including costs • and John Rowlands, Sankey-street, War- rington. on the 3rd of August at GrAppenhall, was fined 10s. Including costs.—P.C. Thomas proved the cases. A WARRINGTON 'Bus DRIVER IN TRMIBLE.—WIIIIam Paliri. a Warrington 'bus driver, was charged with obstruct- ing the highway at Walton on the 26th July—P.C. Goeing said that on the day in question a wedding was tak- ing place at Walton Church. Shortly before the wedding the defendant came up driving a 'bus load of people. He stopped at the church gate and the people got off the 'bus. Witness told him t s go to -the Walton Arms and turn behind the other 'buses. Defendant deliberately came out of his place and obstructed the road, which was complete' y blocked. He did that a second time and set the police at defiance. Wit- ness said the defendant wo ild not do as requested until witness threatened to lock balm up.—Defendant was fined ss. INLIGHTE..) VENICLF.S.—The following were dealt with for not haying lights attached to their vehicles at night :—Wm. Goodmough, 4 kroundry-street, Warrington. on the 21st July at Stockton Heath, fined 2s 6d. ;Thomas Cooper, 42 Cumber- land-street. Latchford. oa the Mat July at Appieton, is ; James Strange, of Walton. on the 24th July at Stockton Heath. is ; John French, Ashton-street, Warrington, on the 12th Auv,ust at Appleton. 2s Fel; William Mather. 2. Foundry- street, Warrington. on the 13'h August at Stockton Heath. .2s 6d ; and John Starkey, of Wigan, on the 15th Auguot at Waltm. En. . L NILEEpY Datesess.-ieVor being drunk whilst In charge or horses and carts at Moore. Henry of Wilderspool. and George Newton of Warrington. were each fined 5s.—P.C. Bills proved the cases. TeksraSSlSO IN 131feirgfT or GAME —John James Green, 225, Mersey-view, Latchford. and William Jones, 5, Dicken- son-street. Warrington, were charged with unlawfully tres- passing on land in possession of John Marsh, of Appleton, in search of gaen-..—Prosecutor said that at a querter to six on the morning of the 31st July (Sunday) he found the two de- fendants in his field with a greyhound. He heard one of tte men say "Now we are done this morning." The clog was running round a pit. Green gave a wrong nedress.—Green stated that he heard screams in the field, alai he went on o the pit Sc see whit was the matter and found it was two boys who were fishing. The dog followed him 011 the field —The magistrates imposed a flue of 108 on each of the defendants. Wianour A LIGHT. —John Walker wt fined Ss for riding a bicycle without a light at 11.20 p.m. on th 3 17th July at Stockton Heath. DAMAGIC TO A PUBLIC-110U5E.—William Roberts was ' Charged with having on the 24th August been drunk and disorderly. and also with damaging windows to the extent of ,105 Sd, the property of Mr. J. Malkin, of Walton —Mr. Malkin said that on the day in question the prisoner came to his house, the 'Ship I in, Walton, and ordered some beer. He was refused because he was under the influence of drink Prisoner refused to leave the premises and stied filthy lan- guage, and witness was forced to eject him Prisoner went away for a few minutes and came back with his pockets full of stones, which he threw at the windows, b-eaking panes and doing damage to the woodwork. When witnss du-pewit of the house prisoner threw a stone at him. Prisoner then ran away. but was dillowei Icy witness to- about three- quarters of a mile and caught. He gave him into Custody at Stockton Heath Police Station. Prisoner said he would shoot him when he came out.—Superintendeut .okild said the prisoner told him that he had been living at WindBOra had not been living in this dlitrict for the last three years He asked that publicans might be protected from such men' as the prisoner.—The magistrates ordered prisoner to pay 10s and costs for beinz drank and 104 61 for the damage, Or undergo fourteen days' iktpriso 'men&

I not

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. M0N131.4.-Bgorc Mr. A Thrrna+ (chairman) Mssrs. Id'. Timmins, J. Ocklestnn, A.. 115ndley. P Speakman. B`. J Norman, and A. R. Norman. Ban LAIGOLGIS se 1381AC,IE-STRERT.-1115ry Hughes. Briscoe-stre t. was enarged with lasing obscene language within hearing of the streets on the 23r i of July -She pleaded not guilty. -P.C. Hughes sat he heard the defend- ant using most obscene language on the day In question. She was standing upon her own doorstep. Fie had many corn- Plaints of her as being a regular nuisance to the wighbour- hood.-PinAd 55 and Si 6,1 olts. or seven days STOII4 111BoWERE BEYEETtIir ,CAUTtoSED.-John Basnett; and William Kennedy (ard 15). were summoned for throw. log atones in Granville-street on the 20th of August-Both boys pleaded gulity.--P.C. Fry proved the case.-The Chair- man, having obtained a promise from the boys to discontinne the practice. and also to warn other boys' said they (the Bench) were disposed to deal leniently with thern.-A. floe of ss. including costs was imposed. A. WARRANT Imstreu.-A warr int W4B issued for the appre- hension of Frederick Chen, who did not appear to answer to a charge of using obscene language in Church-street. FIGHTING AT WE4TON.-JOlrl Mercer snd Henry Hignett, both of Weston, were summoned for being drunk end dis- orderly at that place on the 2nd of Augnst.-Both iefendants admitted the offence.-P.O. Baneroft proved the case He found the two men as described. They were also fighting to- gether.-Fined 5s and 8s 6d costs or seven days each. A VOILP:NT Mts r Amcomr-ernEET.- -A sullen looking man, who had refused to give his name, was then brought into the dock. -The Magistrates Clerk : What is your name? Prisoner: Put Thomas Doeatry down. It'll do.-Well, then, you are chArged with using obscene lan -nags on the 27th August In Alcock-street ?-Prtsorier : I know nothing about it. -The Magistrates Clerk : You are further charged with wilfully breaking four pines of glass, the property of Mrs. Mary Percival in Aback-street ? -Prisoner : I know nothing about that. either.-P.C. John Wilding said about ii-45 he was on duty by the plllee office. On account of hearing certain complaints he went to Alcock-street, where he discovered the prisoner who was making a great disturb- a,' ce, and using very bad language. Fie apprehended him but the prisoner made use of bad :angnag all the way to the station.- Mrs. Mary Percival deposed to the extent of the damage done to her window. Four squares were broken worth about 8d each. -Nelly Shaw, stated that she was seated in Mrs. Percival's house when the prisoner came in and attempted to seat himself. In answer to a remonstrance he said something about a lodging house, and that it was Farrel's, and we had taken his 4d, She saw him break the glass, which he did after his had been turned out, and because he could not get through the door again.-Prisoner said he know nothing about it. He was only jolt recovering from some disease from which he had been suffering. and was not accountable for his actions.-The Bench, sentenced prisoner to one month wit hard labour for thi diTTI44I3 he had com- mitted. and to .even days for the using of obscene language the sentences to run concurrently.

OXFORD LOCALS —The Rlseneath School for girls, bus been very sacc.-ssful in these examina- tions ; all the candidates entered having passed. In the prEl'minary examination two pupils head the rstq for all Enallnd, they being the only girls placed in 2nd class hoaours, whilst none ob'ained it ChM bOVOUTP. The follow,n7 is a complete list :—Janior pass, 14t Divisinn. E. M. Baker, H. H. Collar's. Preliminary honours. Division, FL Wenyon,l, Bdrer. Preliminmy pas,. lit Division, I. Loxliam; 2nd avision, E. Thomas, and B. Odgen. 2nd •

===== 0002601_18980902_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
A RURAL POSTMAN

C

• .1001" • astBLES • air

===== 0002601_18980902_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
/04

1111/

In these days of keen business competition, and brisk commercial enterprise when the markets are flooded with various kinds of articles of food and drink, and when people arematurallY desirous of getting the best value for their money, it is only reasonable to suppose, that there will be a "survival of the fittest," and that only those products which possess sterling merit will long continue in public favour. Amongst these there is one_which has won its way to the front by sheer , merit, and merit alone, and that is Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa. This wonderful Food-beverage has become known 'even in the most remote districts, and as the knowledge of its excellence has increased, so also has the demand.

A Rural Postman, (Mr. R. Parry, 12, John Street, Winsford) writes desire to add this =solicited testimony to the sterling qualities of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa. I am a rural postman am exposed to all kinds of weather. I have used Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa daily this last eleven months, and I believe I can do my work with less fatigue since I have used it. I can honestly recommend to my fellow-postmen Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa for its sustaining qualities."

AN ALPINE DISASTER.

DEATH OF DR. JOHN HOPKINSON AND THREE OF HIS CHILDREN. Dr. Hopkinson, the eminent eloateci en. ;whe was Spendin.g his ho"dey with his wife and .children in the Arplia mit with 'his death on Satur lay. It ap • pears that lee ryeeperterl to'make the ascent of the Dent de Veisivi,ll.Z4l feet high, ac Ornoenied by. his three eldest ebildeaererehis sap John, twecty-three years of mge, awdebis rlaug#ers.klice nineteen roars oil, ant Lin*, a • year younger.„ The peak. is not generally coneider .d dangerou provided. that climtres keep to the right track. The pith is, however, not alWaye easy to recog- niee,and some sections of it ar s diffisult. Dr.flopkineon declined to have the guide who proefered his set vices. As the climhe-s ii not return in the evening a Dirt or guides were despatched in search. Tory found the dead bodies of the Dortor and his three children at he foot of ,a lofty precipice. They we're still roped together. How the catastropheerCeually happen- 4. is not yr t known. The bodies will be taken to .Eagland. Dr, Hopkinson, with his wire and all the member.; of his family, e ecept his eldest son,lett London for Switzerland abeut a month ago. He was ao ent susiletin member of _the Alpine Cub.and a deve•teeesaf guidatess nurnoing.• His love of mountaineering began When,as a boy, he w is a student ONVIIS Th, Like Dietrici of Begletni was'an open bo-dc to him. Every tempting height in the chain of hills he weel acquainted with, and as a Betio lboy he hadonastered even the fameue Paler Rook,' ri• leg prom Enlesrdaie, the Perils of which are mentioaed in The Excursion." Very deep sympathy' will be felt for ar. Alderman Hopkinson, the father of this distinguished scientist, anti the members of his family. A correspondent of the" Manchester Gairdian " tele- graphing on Tuesday night from Sion says si Searching the town for seme traveller from Arolla‘ by a rareS'relte 'of good frrtune I met two Englishmen, brothers, who gave the following narrative of the fatality: I refrain from gicieg their names at their speciel requeet. Here is the ste.rs We were at Arnlla last week. There Dr.Hopkingen had come for several years pact for edimb- int, in which h're'had etabiihrd 'a c-•nsiderable repo' a• tinn am irg the Pc it guides. 03 this occasion be had With hitte his entire family with the • iXooPhiOi of his eldest seri, whe reeentle left for Cotembe:' His daughter Aline, 23; and his eon John Graham 18, were also more or less expert climbers, but the secona -des:o,er, fent Evelyn. 19, had not /fon'e iny 'merinos rock-wort and was aeqeainted with the higher altitudts of the neighbourhoed. It weS to eretify leer more particularly that the excursion on Saturday! era% plain id yard 1e tOBOl fed Iql s ich a terrible dis•Ster. Oe the merlon* day the bey John G-sham had reached his e'ztte 'nth year, and , in the iserenirr: there was a el‘erice at the liotel in celebra- 'iiNn Of event. The excursioe was to the Petite Dent : Peiieirei, prate/ably mere difficult than the Grande Dent. • D.. Hopkinson eta his arm had male varmee alnents before by the ordinery.routn." In view nf this excursion they had discuaSedr with my informants the .prectigehility r,f deeern iing by • the nouloir betwsen the penultimets anithe final ridges. lineally climbers at-ack the P tite Dent by the OA de Zermine, climbing eucce:sive ridge+ to the summit and thence dergendieg by the furth.srznost. My isiformante, had themselves cone down by the eouloir bef ire in ntinne I. and it was unicrctood that. the. Hopkinson nutty would take this wee. They left the hetet at 7-30 in the miming with:sot gailes —fmt unnatmrally, seeing the knowl Age that Dr. Hop- kinson had of the mnon-ain. The party was so unap- prehensice concerning ,the enterprise that they took no ice ax's, theineel ore with rope, s'oelti, and a supply elf privisions in a kr,ao,ack.. They proc *dee] by Col de Zarnine for the peak, and should have returned In nine or ten hours. All appears to have gone well un- til the afternoon, when they began the descent of the ceoloir mentionei between the second peak and the summit. F.• r this it would be necessary, in order to avoid a tare. r cele filling the top of the cculoir, to pas., over the Ape': whence that apparently fell. Their ho lies were f amid 600 or 700 f -et below, ro„ied together reed terribly disfigured. My info-ments allege that the vet is diffieule but not dengereus. .There are no loose stonee or steep or slaty rock, and the vary must have really walked on the solid bed. The conditions of the moon. tein are entirely favourable to climbers, and the only suggestion these experienced mountaMeers made was that the catastrophe was a sheer accident, due to one ! of those unaccountable slips which now and again come to surprise and startle the most capable and daring' Alpine experts. It is inconceivable that any want of skill or knowledee or any rashness on the pert of Dr. Enpkinson could have brought about this terrible event At Sion Hospital this afternoon Iwieeeeied netherie

OADMITtIeB 00003 15 absolutely pare, being entirely free from kola. malt, hone, alkali. or any foreign admlatura. Caution The Dahlia should insist on having CATAIIrRII —sold only in Packets and Tins—as other Cocoas are often übstituted for the sake of extra prollt.—Advt. (4).

spectacle. The best room in the hospital,conttining the utrtits of many generations of benefactors, had been set spirt for the service of the dead. In accordance with tro custom of this tart of Catholic Switzerland.the nuts'ng sisters of the institution had arranged the coffins with ink-iv floi'il delorations and the usual ecclesiastical in.igeia. Every possible attenlon and consideratisn hid been given to the disposition of the remains, and it wag agreeable to 110,i00 that the S wiss officials made the business of identification as formal as anything of the kind could really be. The coffins being opened, the re- mains were founi coverei with Alpine flowers,ancl these were left undisturbed,so that nothing ese was seen. The distster has crdated sb profound s nryatioa throughout the region of the Rhone Valley.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES UNION CONGRESS.

About 420 delegates, representing 1,200,000 MeMbers, atteoded t e opening of the annual Trades Unioa Con- gress in Brircil on M anday. Mr. Wilkie, of Newcastle, chairman of the Par iamentary Committee, presided at the outset, and subsequ eitly Mr. J. O'Grady, ef Bristol, was ulanimeusly elee,:ed president of the Congress. It was resolved to write to the Home Secretary, asking for Vie immediate release, from prism of Alderman D. Morgan, who wai sentenced at the Glamorgan Ass'zes to two months' imprisonment for intimidation. Mr. S. W )o is. M.P., read the report of Parliamentary Commit- tee, which stated that while they could not bast of the suceeesful paasing of any prominent rn.aure directly promote,' by the Cnngress, yet they had had interpreta- tions of law in courts of jostice which were of special irnp mit to ttad. unions. It must, the report proceeded, be otoviout t 4 eiraryone who had watched the proceed- ings of Parliament during the past three years that it was useless to xpect any more industrial reform from a House ot Commons composed as it was at present. The obituary passages of the r.port male a pathetic refer- ence to the late Mr. G adstooe. TUESDAY. Mr. O'Grady delivered his preiidential address at too Trades Union Congress .on Tuesday, after which a dis. caesion. took place on the parliamentary committee's renort,which war agreed to ii its entirety. A special rszolation was unanimously adopted hailing with satis- lift on the message of the Czar in favour of inter- dlarmom nt, and calling upon the Geve7a- -111-eit. to use all legitimate means to give effect to it, mint iriim being (leder id to be ths great fie of liberty and a °mailing hurden on the toiling millions. During the af;ornoon a delegate was expelled for the remainder of tip, dai's sitting for dis Obeying the ru'es of the chair. A number of resolutien; were adopted on the proposi- ti .0 it twimbers of -.he pailiarnentary committee. Arco ag the.s3 were d Minds for alterations in the law of c onspir' icy, rtf nat of the Joey system, doter relations "'ye"; co-operators and trade mai mists, the abolition of civil disabilities at presert foil owieg the receipt of temporarl rektand amendment of the Track Act. WEDNESDAY. Tha Tradq Un'oi Congress at its sitting on Wednes- day diseualee a great yari,a67 of subjects brought. for- ward by reprisentatirei individde trades. IN mind was declared somAeFhat emphatically in regard' to 'Pro- tection upon a resolution Intro laced by a Lendon delegate directing the Perliimentery Comeriittee' "tr draft a measure embodying the principle of Protectloo,hy which alone declining British industries can be effectually reetorei.e This reeoluttoti the Cangress. rejected. after a brief disellaSiOn, by a large majority. A resolution in f ""le of a general eight-hour day for workers was earried witlout a division. Oa the que.tion of federation a. 3 stated that a resolution prepared by a.special C minittes a the Congress would b 3 the first item in the asQ.nea fir Thursday. It ia understood that the general c"f"ence to con.i let al official scheme of federation will be held during the winter.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

LANCASHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

-------- - -- - The fo:lowing are ,the tlaturai for September :-3 Runcorn Hornets v Birkenhead Wanderers A. 10: Run corn Rees v Lostock Gralain ; Widnes Rangers v St: Brims A. • 17: Widnes Ringers v Tanhouse-lane ; Los Gralarn v Ru ^corn Hot nets, Fletcher Russell v Wicr nes White star. 24 : Runcorn Hornets v Fletcher Rus" sell; Warrington St. Mary's v Latchford Rangers ; Bir- kenhead Wanderers A v Widnes Rangers ; St. Helene A V Runcorn Ftccritatiou •w Widnes White Rose v Tanhouse- lane, The-matches to be p'ayed on the ground of the fir.tenamed.

VUR.—='KIN RUGS Dressed. Cleaned. and Line A. Fur slterstions of every deseriotion. —B. COON E Manufaeturiu g Furrier. 211tenshaw-street, T. ,r ;pool. Es- tablished 24 years •

===== 0002601_18980902_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAGIC SUICIDE IT ORFORD BA IMAMS.

Last Thursday under very sad circumstances. Sergeant Instructor William Healey of the 3rd South Lincashire Regiment committed suicide at Orford Barracks. He was known to have been suf- fering very acutely for some time past from neural- gic pains in the head, and had been intending to go ' into the hospital for treatment. On Thursday after- -1 noon ho had arranged a cricket match, Barracks v. Police, but the Barracks did not raise a team as Sergeant Healy was not about. Nothing much was thought of this, but towards nine o'clock in the evening his lifeless body was found lying in a pool of blood in the musketry room in the Barracks. Further examination showed that he had placed his foot through a loon of cord which he attached to the trigger of a and with his mouth over or close to the muzzle had discharged the firearm. The bullet had passed right through his head, and en- tered the ceiling of the room. The unfortunate soldier wss one of the most popular men in the barracks, and was the moving, spitit in all cricket, football,and athletic matters. The decea-ed was ex- tremely well-known not only amongst the military men in Orford Barracks, but with the Warrington public. He was secretary of the Lancashire Tours- day Half-Holiday League, and a prominent mem- berand efficient referee of the Warrington and District Football Association. His twenty•one years' service would have expired next spring, when be would have retired on a pension.He was about forty years of age. He is survived by his widow, for whom much sympathy is expressed on every hand. INQUEST AND VERDICT.

At the Police Station, Warrington, on Saturday. Mr. Jones, deputy-coroner, held an inquest on the body of Sergeant Drill Instructor William Healy, of the 3rd Battalion South Lancashire Regiment, stationed at Orford Barracks, whose death we recorded last week. Frances Eh aly said the deceased was her husband, and they lived in " E Block," at Orford Barracks. He was 38 years of age. At a qnarter ti two o'clock on Thurs- day afternoon he went cut of the house to the stores to work. She asked him not to go, because he told her he was Buffering severely with pain in his head and face. He told witness be would go and finish his work, and would see the doctor the next morning. She had not seen him since. He had suffered for a long time with his head and face, which was caused by having a tooth wrongly drawn about two years ago. He had under- gone tw operations. He was very depressed, and said, he was worse than ever on Thursday, and he could not eat any dinner. He hod disehareel blood from his core in the morning. There was no came: why he should take his life eeelet the severe pain he suffered. Provost Sergeant Morgan Henry Kelly said he saw Sergeant-Instructor Healy at 2-45 on Thurrday after- noon in the sergeants' mess. He told Men he was suffer- ing from severe pains in the head. He went out of the mess and die sot say where he was going. Witness met deceased's wife at 8-35 the same evening, and at her request he went to look for Healy. He went to the armoury room and found deceased lying on the floor dead, with his mouth open. There was blood about the place. He did not examine him, but went to repert the matter to his superior officer. He also saw a rifle lying across &ceased's feet. Witness said that Healy was en good terms with everyone in the barracks. Colour-Sergeant Welsh slid he saw Healy at four minutes to thre e on Thursday afternoon in the Armoury Stores. He told witness that he was nearly mad with his face and head. He had complained about it since Tuesday. Healy left him, saying he was going to the shirt-room. Witness did not see him alive again. Police-Inspector Taylor said the matter was reported to him at 9.30 p.m. on Thursday. He at once proceeied there,and was taken to the Armoury, where he saw de- ceased lying on his back in a pool of bleod. On calm n• jog the body he found the chin was black with powder, and hie mouth was open. There was a bullet mark in the roof of his mouth and one at the back of kis head. From the marks of blood he came to the conclusion that Healy had been standing upend shot himself. Witness scorched the place, and in the ceiling, zorresponding to where Healy had been standing,he found a spent bullet buried four inches. The distance to the ceiling would be about four feet from Healy when he was standing up. There I was a rifle !ling at his feet,aed a piece of cord attached to the trigger. There were two loops at the loose end lof the strneeand the assumption was that Healy put his foot in the !roes of the string to pull the trigger. There were two cartridges lying by him. In deceased's pocket there were sew ret letters in connection with athletic matters. On Thursday afternoon he had arranged a cricket maech between a team from the Barracks and the Police, but the former team was not raised.—By a juryman : Nobody heard the report of the gun. lospector Spinks said that Healy was a general favour- ' Rein the town. Captain Hawes spoke of the high esteem in which Healy was held in the regiment. He performed his duties consclentiously, and officers aed men were extremely ' sorry to hear of his death. The jury recorded a verdict of " Suicide whilst of un- sound mind,caused by intense pain." Tney desired to extend their deep sympathy with the widow. Mrs. Healy thanked the jury for their expression of Ilsympathy. THE FUNERAL.

Oa Monday sfternoon the remlins of the deceased were interred with military honours in the Warrington Cemetery. The follewing orgin's Wens were represented at the funeral and sent wreaths :—Warrington and Dis- trict Football Association,Messrs John Lewis (chairman), S R Bradshaw (secretary), P McHarvey and Sergeant Evans(meenbers of the Executive Committee); Warring- ton and DiFt,ict Lague, Mr A Baillie (secretary); War- rin.qten Half Holiday Club, Messrs J Harvey and A Boctht St Elphin's Club, E Whitham (Association repre- sentative, W J &bum (vice-president ; and Messrs J 'Saunders,tvasurer; W Whittle and F Scarisbrick (mem hers of thu committee), and St. Elphin's Cricket Club- Messrs T Barnes sa4

===== 0002601_18980902_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IMPENDING DEPARTURE OF THE WARRINGTON POSTMASTER.

INTERESTING PRESENTATIONS. Mr. Adlard presided at a meeting of Post-office officials held on Saturday in the Sorting Office for the purpose of presenting Mr. West on his promotion to the Postmasters ship of Sunderland with a handsome smoker's cabinet and outfit. The cabinet was euitaely inscribed. Mrs. West was also made the recipient of a prettily-designed diamond brooch. , The CHAIRMAN, in calling upon Mr. Brest%Unit, the chief clerk, ta make the presentation, refereed to the ex- ce lent character Mr. West haa established during his short stay in Warrington, and expressed. regret at the set( ranee which the promotion involved, at the same ' time cmgratutating him on his advancement. Mr. BROADHURST, in making the presentation, spoke very highly of Mr. West, both officially and personally, characteriz3ng him as an official who had been unbiassed, conscientious, zealous, and faithful in carrying out his duties, whilst personally he had set thipen a lasting ex- ample of courteous consideration in all his dealings with the staff and the public generally. Mr. BENNETT, supurintendent, cordially supported what bad been said, and congratulated Mr. West on his prametion to Sunderland. Be wished Mr. and Mrs. West and family a happy future. Speeches were also made by Messrs. Janes and Banks, of the clerical staff and by Miss Richards, the official in charge of :he Market-placa Post Office. Mr. Mellor, inspector of postmen. testified to the high esteem in which Mr. West was held by the postmen, and Inspector Emu bare similar testimony on behalf of the telegraph messengers. Postman J. Skelton having spoken for the postmen and Mr. Wright, J.P., sub-postmaster of Church-street , for the postmasters of the district, Mr. wren replied, expressing his grateful thanks to the staff on behalf of Mrs. West and himself for the handsome and useful gilt; presented to them. The gifts would, be said, be treasured as mementoes of their happy soj turn in Warrington, and of the kind and very agreeable relations which had exist'd b.tween thorn and the general staff of the Warriogton Postal District. Mr. West humorously remarked upon th 3 association of the young and the old Who had presented him with a smoker's outfit. Be did not think it desirable that ' young Persons.shoulci indulge in smoking, and his habit shoold not be regarded by them as an example. If they did follow his example, it would be te abstain till they were 40 years of • aeis„ for it was that age at which h. commenced to smoke. He eulogized the character for steadiness, z sal, and efficiency. of the staff,and repeated what be had always maintained, that a better staff dii not exist in the service. He trus'ed, however, that this knowledge would not render them toe self-reliant, but would have the effect of stimulating their character for aeensacy in order that it might always be theirs. He referred to the happy stay he had made in Warrington. Be would ever remember the place With -sincere affec- tion, because of the many acts of courtesy and kindness received from all its citizens with whom he had come In cootact.

A vote of thanks to the committee, proposed by Mr. Brladhurst, seconded by Mr. Bennett; also to the Chair. man. proposrd by Mr. West. and reconded by Mr. Read4t, and suitably responded to by Mr. Melia' and Mr. Adlard, brought the proceedings to a close.

In consequence of famine at Mosul. and the vicinity, the Armeirans are suffering terribly, and many Christians are stated to have sold their daughters to obtain bread. The last sitting of the Iron and Steel Institute was held s.;, Stockholm on Saturday. Zing Oscar entertained the dele- gates and other rnests at'stapper at Drottningholm Castle. The Prince of Wales paid a visit to the Earl of Mount- Edgcumbe, at Mount Rdgcumbe-iiouse. Plymouth. on Satur- day. The Prince was safely landed from his yacht, the Osborne, and wen; for a long dvivA In the park. Re did not leave his carriage during his visit, and alter partaking of tea was conveyed back to the Osborne. In the evening H.R.H. gave a dinner party on beard the yacht.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
k,

===== 0002601_18980902_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIMMING GALA AT WARRINGTON.

A swimming gala was held at the Corporation Baths, Legh-street, on Monday evening, which proved to be one of the most uccebsful ever promoted at Warrington. There was an extremely good attendance, the proceed- ings being gone through from start to finishovith perfect smoothnnss.The open event attracted some swimmers of not', chisf amoog whom were J H Derhyrh re.' of Osborn?, 100, 200,and 500, yards champion ; and P H Lister of Osborne, 1000 yards champiom. Of course the appf arance of such ta!eit added considerably to the interest with which th final result of the 100 yards open handicap was looked forward to. The gala was pro- moted by the Warrington Sw turning Clut,, under the rules of the N C, A.S.A., and Councillor Dr. Cannel' occu- pied the chair. The following were the officials. Judges, Mesh's. J. Derbyshiro, J. CL i`chley, and H. Taft; handi- capper and starter, J Derbyshire ; referee, for polo match, G. Dawson ; timekeeper, P. , Phythian ; goal scorers, Messrs. T. Locker and F.Garside; competitors' stewards, Mess. R. Harding and C. H. Wood ; check starter, Mr. Grounds. _

===== 0002601_18980902_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
50 YARDS MEMBERS' HANDICAp.

This the fir-t event, was confined to members of the Swimming Club. There were about forty entries for this race, the fir3t in each heat—of which there were seven—compEting in the final. The following won their heats :—R Harter, G Gerse, J Lowe, A Furness, W Warren. W Haywat d;and J Cronshaw. The final was a good race between those receiving the beet atarts, the scratch men being beaten. The result was R Hart r, Ist prize, Gladstone bag • W Warren, 2nd prize, cigarette case; W Hayward, 3;cl prizs, knife. 50 YARDS LADIES' HANDICAP.

There were eight entrants for this race. Toe winners of the first heat were M Mather, Warrington,and A Hyde of Manchester. In the second heat A Brown.aod L Wil- liams,both of Manchester, secured a chance in the final. In the final the limit starter won somewhat easily. though a struggle took plane for the second and thirel position The result was A Brown,Mancheter,secured 1 , prize ladies' watch (presented by I Nichol, 30, Butte - market-street); A Hyde, Droylsden, 2nd prize, umbrella; M Mather, Warrineton, 3rd prize. cruet. 100 YARDS OPEN Hann/cart. The cernpetit as for this event nua b ved about forth 1 , the race being divided into twelve tnats,the first in each heat to swim in the 2nd round. Several well known swimmers took part, and the club offered a special prize for the fastest time. P. H. Lister, Oeborne• the 1,000 yards champion, who beat at that distance Tyors' best performance, gave a start of eleven seconds in the third heat to Hasleton, Wigau, and eight to Graham, Warrington, and won in fine style. His brother W. H. Lister, Osborne, who was second to Derbyshire in the 100 yards and 220 yards championship competitions, also won his heat, swimming the distance in 641-5 , seconds. It was left, however, to J. H. Derbyshire, Osberne. to win the fast time prize. He is the holder of the 100, 200, and 500 yards championships, e world's record for the 100 yards, and holds th having swain that distance in 80 3-5 secs , a faster time than that recorded by any o'her amateur or professional. His time on Monday ev fling was 81 1-5, or a fifth of a second faster than any other time exc liting his own. The swimming of these champions made the contest exceptionally in- teresting, at d 'he various heats were followed with the keenest interest. Derbyshire did not turn out in the second round as he was reserving himself for the impor- tant polo match which came later. S. May, Salford,W. H. Lister, Osborne, T. Bailey, Verdin, and A. Jones, Osborne, were the winners. In the final, which was an excellently contested race. May just won frem Bailey, Lister and Jones being third and fourth respectively. Swarbrick, -Stockport, who competed in the second round, lodged an objection for obstruction, but it was not sustained.—The following won their heats :—J P Prince, Warrington ; A Christie. Bedford Church ; F Kearslev, Wigan; J Wright, Osborne; S May, Salford '• F Bailey, Verdin ; W H L'ster, Osborne ; J H Derbyshire, Osborne ; A Jones, o.borne; A Ashton War- rington ; F Warbrick, Stockport ; P H Lister, Osborne, and J & Hasleton, Wigan, tied in the third heat. The final race was very close, particularly between the first and second. The result was S. May, ISalford, let prize, silver watch ; F. Bailey, Verdin, 2ed prize, tea urn with lamp ; W. H. Lister, Osborne. 3rd prize, barometer ; A. 'MOM!, Osberoe, 4th prize, urn- ' brella ; and J. H. Derbyshire, fast time prize, claret jug.

PRESENTATION TO MR. GEORGIC WLLDE. During an interval in the entertainment, Councillor Dr. Cannel!, who presided said be must in the first place apologise for the colour of the water in the bath, which had been caused by the storm though it was perfsctly clear when seen in a glass, and was none the worse for swimming in. He had been requested to present to Mr. Georze Wilde, of Legh-street, a medal from •tae War- rington Sa,imming Club for assisting In saving a boy from drowning in the canal on Walking Day, Mr. Wilde he said, was not a perfectiswimmer, but he had risked his life in endeavouring be save that of another. Refer- ring to the value of swimming, the speaker said the Swimming Club considered it their duty to spread a kaowledge of it, not only among men and women, but , among those of the younger generation: (Applause). They had all read of the terrible catastrophes which had taken place during the last two or three months, and they had read in the account of the yacht accident which took place recently off the Isle of Man how a young lady was able to swim five or six hundred yards to save herself, whilst her sweetheart and everyone else were drowned. That showed haw important it was that everyone should know how to swim. I He wished them to understand that those galas were not organized for the benefit of the Swimming Club; they were not promoted fram mercenary motives ; they were held simply with the object of teaching everyone the value of a knowledge of swimming. Speaking Of the presentation, the doctor observed that the C 193 occurred on Walking Day, when Wilde plunged into the canal without divesting himself of his clothing, and with the assistance of a boatman rescued a boy who was drown- ing. They did not give Mr. Wilde the medal for its intrinsic value, but simply as a token of their apprecia- tion of what he had done, and thy hoped in that light heiwould value it. The value of the medal was slight, butlit was the value of the life that tie medal represen- ted he had saved, which they must look upon. (Loud applause.) The doctor then presented the modal. Mr. Wilde expressed his thanks to the Swimming Club.

SCIENTIFIC LADY SWIMMER. The neat event on the programme was one of con- siderable interest, particularly to the lady members of the audience. Miss T. Conway, ex-amateur champion of Manchester, gave a exhibition of scientilc and orna- mental swimming, which in no way belied It.r reputa- tion, her pOrforma-na being received with hearty applause.

WATER POLO.—NORTHERN COUNTIES CHAMPIONSHIP. SEMI-PINAL. Osborne met Newton Heath in the semi-final of the N,rthern Counties Chamnionship in water polo, and of course this constitutod the most important item on the Programme. The teams were as follows :—Oaloorne : G Flarnrott. goal ; T Coe (Inter.), T Harria (Int,r.), full backs • W El Liater (Inter.), half back ; J Robinson, J H Derbyshire (Inter.), P }1 Lister, forwards. Newton Heath; W Hathway. goal; 9 Key, El Dean (Lane. Conn. 1896), backs; S Dean, half back ; J Hayes, W Kay (L.C., N. of E.), T Hodson, fermards. The Osborne team had held the championship for five sears until last year, when they were defeated by Everton. This year they have met end defeated Everton. Osborne defended the deep end, Newton Heath enjoying early advantages in the game but did not score as their 'shooting was ill-judged. Good play by Coe changed the course of the game,and a pass from P.H.Lister to Derby- shire remlted in the champion scoring with a splendid shot which quite beat the Newton Heath custodian. The same tactics by Osborne resulted in another goal being added to the score by Derbyshire. Newton Heath for a time changed the venue of the play in their favour, but could not score when they had the opportunity, though much was owing to the ashrrne goalkeeper. No change in the score was made, half time coming with the result Osborne two goals to nil. The changed position on the resumption of the game should have been of some advantage to the losing team, and far a time they tried their oppenent's defence very much, but it was not for long. P.C. Dister passed to Coe, who shot from a considerable distance, adding another score. A capital combination by Newton Heath was successful, despite the efforts of Osborne, Haves ecoring their first goal. Just before the whistle was sounded, Derbyshire shot in, the ball was thrown out by Hattaway, but again returned, this time successfully. The final soore stood —Osborne, four goals ; Newton Heath, one goal. COMIC RACE. This event caused considerable amusement, as the competitors were obliged to swim two lengths of the baths in nicht-dress and to carry a lighted candle. The effo.t required a great deal of manipulation and skill to keep the light irt. The race proved a good one. W. Creighton, securing Ist prize, tea pet ; and A. Baker, end prize, match box.

Thq prizeß were afterwards distribtrqd by Miss Alice Cannel!, of E2Yernolt, and Miss elegy Birchall. LANCASEIIRE COUNTY CHAMPIONSFHP.

REPLAYED SEMI-FINAL.

WARRINGTON V Sr. HELENS—At the St. Heels Cor- poration Baths on Saturday night, St. Helens met War- rington in the re-playel semi-final tie for the Lancashire county water polo championship. Great interest was attached to the hveing as when the teams met at War- rine;ton on the 9th inst., a drawn game of five goals each was the result. On the 23rd inst. the teams played a splendid and closely-contested game in the Liverpool and District League championship. Both clubs had repro ientativa teams on Saturday night, and the play was followed very keenly. In the first half St. Helens gained a decided advantage goals being scored by Green, Ripley, and Lawrenson. Locker pis) scored for War- riny,trm. who were in the minority of three goals to one at the interval, In the second half Ripley again scored for St. Helens, who won a good game by four goals to One.

X RARE FRENCH A ENGLISH WORKS Curios, Facetiee, Illustrations, &C. VERY VALUABLE PRIVATE COLLECTION. CATALOGUE i. POSTAGE 2id, H. BOUVIER, 44, Rue St. George's, X PARIS. w. T. WILLIAMS' SALE NOW argaine : in MILLINKRY, DRESSES. BLOUSHS, too.—baratVl- TERET, LE6E-EITILESTs Warrington. Great B

===== 0002601_18980902_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCELSIOR and NEW HOWE CYCLI3I3,--OARLAND Iron, -onger, 'Warrington.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S H'}L-CLASS MINERAL WATERE.—Advt. NEW RAPID CYCLES.—GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, •

===== 0002601_18980902_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ir r

===== 0002601_18980902_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980902_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGION FOOrBILL CLUB.

FIX !TRES.

Sept. 3-3winton, h 10 —Oldhun, h 17—St. Helens, h

24—Wldne8, a Oct. 1— Salford, a B—Morecambe, h 15—Barrow, h 22—Rochdale) 11.. a 29—Tyldesly h s—Millorn, a 12—Broughton R. h 19—Oldham. a 26—Morecambe a.. Dec. 3—B IrrOW, 10—Wigan, h 17—Stockport, la 24—Bakenhead W., h 26—Runcorn, h 31—Swinton, a. Jan. 2

7—Wigan. 14—Leigh. h 21 -Tyldesley, a 28—Stockport, a Feb. 4—Leigh, a 11—Salford, h 18—St. Helens, a 25—Broughton k , a Mar. 4—Rochdale IL., h 11—Widnes, h 18—Barrow, a 25—Cup Tie 31—MiRosa, Is I—Cup Tie 3—Runcorn, a B—Hull K Rovers, h 15—Birkenhead W.. a

1 • .....

RUNCORN FOOTI3ALL CLUB.

FIXTURES.

3 —Wigan, a 10- 17 —Salford, h 24—Oldham, a Oa. I—Leigh. h B—Widnes. a 15—Cheshire v Laneishire , 22—Tyldesley, a 29—Cheshire v Yorkshire, Nov. s—Morecambe, is 12—Salford, a 19—Cheshire v Cumberland, 26—Broughton R., is Dec. 3 lo—Swinton, is 17—Rochda1e IL, is 24—Broughton 8.. a 26—Warrington, a 31—Tyldeeley. is Jan. 2—St. Helens, a 7—Swinton. a 14—Wigan, is 21—Stockport, h 28—Leigh. a Feb.

s, h

11—Morecambe, a 18—Widne3, h 25—Rochdale H., a 4 —Oldham , h

U—Stock po;t, a Apr. 3—Warrington, h

WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB. --

FIXTURES. Sept. 3—St. Helens, h 10—Wigan, a 17—Morecombe, a 24- Warrington, h Oct. I—Tyldesley, a B—Runcorn, 11 15—Lancashire v Cheshire, 22—Leigb, h 29—Rochdale H., a s—Lancashire v Yorkshire, 12—Swinton, a 19—Salford, h 26—St. Helens, a Dec. 3—Lancm hire v Cumberland, 10—Oldham, a 17-Ido‘ezambe, h 24—Rochdale 11., h 26--

31—Leigh, a Jan. 2- 7—Stockport, a 14—Stockport, h 21—Salford, a 23—Broughton It., a Feb. 4—TvldeBley, h 11—Wigan, 11 18—Runc,)rn, a 25—Oldham, h Mar. 4—Broughton R., b 11—Warrington, a Apr. 3—Swinton, h

,septiszekb*

The following matches will be played on Saturday., _ 3rd in the Lancashire Senior Competition, the game DP. played on the ground of the flrat-named club : Leigh v. Stockport. Morecamb3 V. Oldham. &Mord v. Tyldesley. Warrington v. Swinton. Widnes v. St. Helene. Wigan V. Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nov.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Apr.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Sept.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Mar.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Hoy.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
k

===== 0002601_18980902_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Ordinary Postage.

5-0 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18980902_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Ctolhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day

.. Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wake, Stafford, Otookport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, NorthWalee,Preston,St.Helens, Southport. and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Barlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport And all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 ~

===== 0002601_18980902_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-30 8-0 „

===== 0002601_18980902_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
RECICIVING HOUSE— 1 niarlestown

Sun-Orricks *Ashton Collins Green •Golborne Lowton Stubsbaw Cross Winwick *Wargrave

WALL Bonze— Crow Lane,Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Stirlgo) Preston Junction a Church-st., Qolborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Buttonwood (Providence Place)

===== 0002601_18980902_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nil. 10-15 a.m Mil.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Bark town at 9 a.m. and 6p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the sam time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS :-

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frod.sham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, _ _ _ _ . ___ .

Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- ber!and, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, _

Southport,Prescotl Wigan, Orme: kirk WWII,. Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New- .

ton-le-Viillows, St. Helene, and

_Chester . . I

Manchester ndon and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - astern, Midland, Northern, itastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padget°, Weolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

I To I Hy Callers. j Postmen. , 7-0 a.m..

9 a.m. 10-30 „ 10-45 . }ll-30 „ 11-4 b i• 12-0

1/42-15 p.m.

11-30 a.m

2-lb 1 3-15 ,

5-30 p.m.

( 13-15 m.

6-45 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i Extra id. Stamp

===== 0002601_18980902_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and Bp.m.

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10 san.,2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

6, 10 a.m„ 12 noon, 2& 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8 15 a.m. and 5-46 p.m. 9-30 am ind 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
4.30 p.m.

9-55 s.m. Nil. NIL Nil. Nil. d-55 a.m 10-30 a.ra

===== 0002601_18980902_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
111 . . . . , . -',•.,,,.f.:: . : 1:,.;,.c ' ' .::,::',.:•• :4'l" ' .. -: - " I ~..,, .. ~. ... . . ... v, . .... •,,,4, ..,,,,,,. ~.. - \To' 9 .. ....,,...1:... ....,,,,....15.2 ~„..t......4.:;10,:,.....„... ...,,;... , . ~ ...,.....,...i..,.,,,,.....:17,,....i.,,..,.., .. ~' ..,....., . ..N S ..,1"..7k05.','';,, ..',,,,L•"''''

RINGS; BROOCHES, BRACELETS, PINS, PENDANTS, NECKLACES, HEAD ORNAMENTS, STARS, STUDS AND LINKS, SPECIAL " ENGAGEMENT " RINGS OF SELECTED GEMS. At Maker's Lowest Nett Cash Prices, saving 33 per cent. Selections Sent ea Approval. Illustrated nook of Jewellery of all kinds, Watches, Clocks, Rings (with Card Sizes), Plate and Clltiory, post ;rec.

Sion Factory:

.. _ . ~. _,.... ,4-. e .6 •.:... . ....-‘" . -- ,--4?.. ~.1 ....„. ,i., .....„, ~.,... ~s A,....,-- •,..., ._,. -- .t...... i ..- ..., ' .-, ..-„,...., . ..• .p, , - ....L.-- - .... .. , .-, '' gi„,

===== 0002601_18980902_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
, IATE SILL Et); 25 62 &64 Luor , OLD BOND ST, 11f.; 28, ROYAL E7-14-71:1',7/17,7 c 0.• "• ‘A.)

DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE LB positlvely the only reliable and stronzest 00. rth. will not harm the most delicate. It will cure the rno, Obstinate cases within 12 hours. Sueeess guaranteori ?r, every case however tong standinz!. TIinITSAND9 OF GRNNI/INE TFATIIV)NY ALS. Is. 9d. ; post free 3. extra. To he hari only C. DEAN. MEDIC VL HERBALIST, 113, Gray's Inn Road, London,W

ICTORIAL Tha Pictorial tutor nsinv, publishott at N.-t' Prica, it cannot be obta:nesi ..f anybook or mush seller un,/-15/

fIANOFORTE ToR Descri-tlve Propect J The most re- sent Post Free on application markaWe & cheap- aizazine of Music" Office, eat book ever published. LO, Ludgate ii ill, London, R.O, The Pianoforte simplified.

NET 250 PAGES sic Size.) r)1.11N POST (Full Mu Contains 70 Illustrations FREE, and over sso Songs Dances, Carols, Anthems, and Hymn Tunes.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE C‘:-lES'i,

W ITH a prudent use, has saved many a life ; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

===== 0002601_18980902_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and wights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used , but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE cROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
MEN WHO ARE WEAK.

MEN who are weak, and tired of taking NAUSEOUS and MYSTERIOUS Preparations to no 410 D PURPOSE ought to write in confidence when the Physician will send you fnl particulars FREE as to how all eases of NERVOUS DEBILITY, LOSS of VIGOUR, WASTING and ALLIED WEAKNESSES, can be SUCCESSFULLY and PERNA NENTLY CURED.

Send Stamped Addressed Envelope to THE COLLINS REMEDY CO., GOTHIC HOUSE, %ERSKINE STREET, LIVERPOOL. Please name this paper

===== 0002601_18980902_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
pAINSTAKING PRINTERS are now- t:llft! sought for by business men who study re economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets &O.; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tasteiully arranged PROaRAMMES. BOOKS OF WORDS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR ALL.

JOHN EXAMMER

WALKER AND CO., STEAM PRINTING WORKS.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS f

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

X3O7M2ILIFKIW'S

For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDP:

===== 0002601_18980902_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Fig & Lemon

Is having a tremendous Sale. It is the most delicious and healthy Jam made. If you have not yet tried it, do so at once, and you will be delighted with it.

WORTH A GUINEA A

BOX:

===== 0002601_18980902_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
OJAECHA M"

FOR ALL. BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS

Sick Headache, Consti

tion,

pa

Weak Stomach, Impaired Dii

;estion,

Disordered Liver and Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor' Thos BEECHAM St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, ls. lid., and 2s. 9d.. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
0t

CURES when all other Remedies fail

IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

IN RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes, 1/14. of all Chemists. N. BEETHAM & sop, Chemists,HELTENHAM•

mtb

---

===== 0002601_18980902_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
rrns

VARICOCELE.

ITS EFFECTUAL and PAINLESS CURB by the latest and most improved method of treatment for thus disease with its attendant troubles. Illustrated leaflet, entering fully nto the subject, sent in a pliin sealed envelope on receipt of wo stamps.

THI; MARSTON COMPANY, 59 AND 60, CHANCERY-LANE, LONDON, W.C.

Established 30 years.

SYmington's Edinburgh Coffee Essences are noted for their rich and delicious flavour. Sold in small and large bottles by Grocers in every town. . . :

, TOWLE's L PILLS , 0 c, r CM A I. E ;5 . I'WIC= imasSoe ALL:sistammuarrEs, amovirou taaminoTtow, and name the distressing ad- prevalent with the sir. Boresaill de 2/9 (cc, a war ones she quantity), of all Chemist*. Bent anywhere on reeetft of 15 02 84 atamPL b 3, E. T. TOWLES& 00, Manufacturers,. ReArt et., Nottingham:- _ ) • Bew,., 4,-,0......n0uk ..i......g ~,reks..

===== 0002601_18980902_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.11 I j e. ;

===== 0002601_18980902_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_18980902_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, s ' '

===== 0002601_18980902_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Letter to the elittOr.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

- - we should be glad if our correepmdents generally,and these who participate in the controversy on' Baptismal Regeneration" in particular, would kindly place their arguments before our readers in a more condensed form. The exigencies of space iaectaiitate this request.—Ed. " Examiner."

===== 0002601_18980902_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NUISANCE OF THE NIGHT SOIL COLLECTING VANS.

Sir,—! am now up aking of certain streets in upper Howley in the neighbourhood of the inter- cepting depot. At the end of the week, C3(11- inencing at about half-past ten at night when the workingmen have retired to rest, and have to rise Surly in the marling, they cannot go to steno through these heavy four wheeled collecting vans rolling through the streets, shaking the whole of the houses as they pass, and the men in charge sometimes shouting at the top of their voices. Cannot something be done to relieve the neighbourhood of this great nuisance? I my- self would rather put up a ith tha little smell and have the pails collected as they used to be in the day time, rather than this disturbance at night. Faiiing t have it altered, cannot the wheels be so constructed (tyred if practicable) so as to lesion the noise ; and the men cau- tioned not to snout to one another. Ido not want to harass the Corporation in any way, but believe rue sir, these vase going about at eight are an evil—a sore one,—and a remsdy if possible /mould be found. Workingmen who have to toil day by day must be protected.—Yours truly, 15 and 17, Welliegton Street, Warrington.

S. DAVIES.

THE BREWSTER .SHSSIONS. Sir,—The action of your magistrates on Thursday last in granting new licenses is simply appalling. When all over the country we find magistrates curtailing drink- ing facilities and giving every encouragement to those who are striving to diminish the " temptations to drink " here in Warrington our magistrates support the trade at the expense of the public. I sho Id like to know what our Christian churches in Warrington are doing to arouse thur congregations from the apathy which undoubtedly exists in the town. Where are our ministers? With the exception of about two of the youoger Noncooformi,t ministers all the rest are absolutely silent upon all questions affecting the well-beitig of the community. I also protest against Corporation officials being al- lowed to support these " drink" applications. It is Simply scandalous aed a disgrace to the town. I hope the Temperance Feleration will bring pressure to bear upon our town councillors and thus prevent our officials being dragged at the heels of tsse beer barrel. AN OBSERVER.

Dear sir,—Oae or two olsservstioas seem callel for with respect to the recent Brewster Sessions in War-

rington. 1. The Limosing Committee and the Magisterial Bench should remember that they possess only dele- gated power from the supreme power in the country, and that government is meant to be carried on with a view to the wen-being and not in the direction of the moral degradation of the people. There is the highest authority for saying that magistrates and other rulers bear the sword of justice not as an object of terror to good works but to the evil ; it follows, therefore, that in an mattsrs of licensing the moral welfare of the people Should be the first consideration. 2. It is generally allowed that every public house is a source of degradation to the surrounding, community, hence the necessity for those extraordinary safeguards which the law imposes in connection with all such places, which legal securities nevertheless fail to prevent many of the evils attendant upon the sale of intoxicating liquors. It should, therefore, be the policy of every bench of magistrates to keep within the smallest possible: limits the facilities for the sale of these dangerous beverages. So far from this being toe case in Warring- ton there is one public house to every 294 inhabitants. It is contonded by many social reformers that one public house to, every thousand of the population is as many as ' should be allowed under pr. sent circumstances. Cer- tainly such a state of things would inevitably lead to a , groat iraprovetnent in the social and moral condition of the people. S. The system of bargaining with brewers for the giving up of licenses in old and congested districts in lieu of licenses for public houses in new and developing localities, is one which is fraught with great evils to the communities in the midat of which these new houses are placed. It simply means the extension of ths pre- sent distressing condition of things, for in every manu- facturing town the tendency is for the centre to become more and more the business part, and as a consequence the people are driven to the outskirts for homes. To plant now licensed houses in these new and growing neighbourhoods is as highly detrimental to the inhabi- tants of such localities , as the old licensed houses were to the former inhabitants of the now sparsely-populated centre of the town. 4. That public officials of the town should give evi- dence in favour of the granting of licenses is a preresding Of which the strongest disapproval oust be expressed. This year the market inspector gave ovidence,last year the Town Clerk did so, and two years ago another. official, in a court outside the borough, supported an application in favour of the granting of a license for a new hotel quite near to the Sanitary works.As the ques- tion of licensing is one upon which the community is divided in opinion public officials, should, at least, observe an impartial attitude, or if they exhibit any bias at all it should be in the direction of the moral Wellbeing of the people, and not in the opposite direction 5. Why is it that with one or two honourable excep- tions the clergy of the mother church in Warrington take no a lequate steps to grapple with the great evil of intemperance from which Warrington suffers so much? ' Is it because the gifts of the brewers prove a powerful impediment to that freedom of speech and energetic action, which are so necessary on the part of leaders in the Christian church if the people of this country are to be delivered from what the late Duke of Albany declared was the only terrible enemy England had to fear, viz : Drink ? 6. The most cursory observer must admit that the condition of Warrington from the drink evil is simply appalling. The statistics of the Chief Constable are a very poor criterion as to the real state of the case. The number of drunken people to be seen in the streets any Saturday is saddening in this extreme while the prosecu- tions of publicans for permitting drunkenness are almost The ramifications of the liquor traffic penetrate into every part of the life of the people. They penetrate into the church, into the Council Chamber, and into the magisterial bench. They penetrate into the athletio exercises of our young manhood and it is not to much to say that the life of our nation is b sing poisoned at its source by the increasing drunkenness amongst young men and young women. The present Condition of things will continue to exist until the Christian Church and Temperance Reformers shall become So united, and so strong in organisation, that they will no longer toter- ate an evil which lies at the root of nearly all the crim 3, pauperism and insanity and general degradation which exist in our country. May God hasten the time when this shall be the case! Yours faithfully, 17, Museum-street. EDWARD T. REED.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
BA.PTISM AL REGENERATION.

Sir,—Admitting himself beaten on the ridiculous question of "Baptismal Regeneration," "Sure= Corda" now turns his attention to Protestants and the Vible. In doing so he does but exhibit his ignorance, and once again shows that he knows no more of the Scriptures than suits his purpose. It nosy be news to him that Bible reading is enjoined by the scriptures themselves, and that right from the earliest times parents were directed to personally instruct their children in the Law of God. The Saviour himself exhorted the Jews not merely to read but to search the Scriptures, and we learn that the Bersans " were more noble than those in Theasalonica, in that" (after a visit from the Apostles taut and Silas) they received the Word with all readi- ness of mind,and searched the Scriptures daily, whether those things were so." Now, sir, it seems to me that alter this example I need go no further, as it completely disposes of "Sursum Cor laVargument in favour cf teaching only by priest;. Really " Sursiorn Gorda'" argument appears quite childish as I shall endeavour to show. Biblical students are well aware that the Bible hos come to us through the Jews who coastantly met it in the services of the syna- gogue, and whea Jesus visited the synagogue and took part in the s3rvices, he " Begin- ning at .Moses and all the prophets, expounded not them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself?: Thus what Christ did himself it is permissible for his disciples to do. To the Jews all was plain sailing. They had the scriptures, read them, and could follow in them the references to the Messiah. But the Jews, re- jected Christ, and then He directed his disciples to go to the Gentiles, who knew nothing of the scriptures—hence the command to ~gaye,theref ore, and teach all nations." It was only teachlng that ceuld reach these people, as to-day i it s only teaching that can first of all reach the heathen. But with the invention of the printing press, educational methods have been greatly simplified and assisted. The Bible has been translated into the vulgar tongue (iii spite of the Catholic Church), and has been disseminated amongst the people (in spite of the Catholic Church. ) who are now able to aid and test the teachers by reading for themselves, and seeing, lik3 the Bereans, whether they are taught aright. But " Sursurn Cords ' would have us put the clock back, and go hack to the era before printiog.when the scriptures were kept from the people, as amongst the Remanisti to-day. What a lot of kno.w- ledge would he imparted to our youth if their instruction was wholly of an eral character, and they were rigidly kept from home lessons and books. Sursum C )rda " prides himself on the " trua unity" of the Catholic Church, and I was reminded last week how beautifully it is maintained. A paragraph went the rounds of the papers stating that at Licht, a coMbrated ausicia;who wee giving ""ezbi in aid of We poor, was

hailed to prison at the instance of the parish priest, be. I cause he refused to bow to the blasphemous host in the public streets, he being a Protestant ! Have we not reason to be thankful that we live in a Protestant country? The unity that Christ would have es strive after aad obtain is the unity of love, and not the unity of coercion. Truth is many side', and no one church— not even the Roman Catholic Church—possesses a mono- poly of it. So long as men differ in their mental capa- city, and temperament so long will there be difference' of opinion on religious matters,and so long will there be scope for the exercise of the Christian virtues, mail all who exhibit the possession of thole virtues are members of Christ's church. It ie easy to see that these people have " one Lord "--Jesue Christ ; " one faith "—belief in Him "one baptism "—th it of the Holy Spirit. The real church of Christ is not an earthly institution, am " &triune Cords" would have us believe,but a spiritual church, and all who humbly follow in the footsteps of Jemus Christ, and ceek to do Hie w.ll, are members of it. In this Church toere is the fullest unity, and the widest liberty. To it entrance is obtained not by rites and ceremonies, but by lowliness of heart and simplicity of life, which can be attained by reading the Bible and following its precepts. In the pages of the Bible we find all we re- quire tor out salvation, and thus it includes all finality. We real that we have an advocate with God in the person of his son Jesus Christ, and therefore priests saints, virgin, aad pope are altogether useless as ap- proaches to the Almighty. The Bible alone is the Chris- tian's guide, and I trust I have plainly demonstrated, that we have every warrant for reading it,—Yours !cc., A BIBLE CEIRLSTIAN.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, • .1, ; •

===== 0002601_18980902_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • .;

===== 0002601_18980902_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
jt:

t :

1.,. „ ,i ~. I . .1,„',1

t ' • ,$ 4, •

ii

===== 0002601_18980902_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
,

1 it,'

k y t I 1,

• .o s

l'•

• '.('

===== 0002601_18980902_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTISMAL REGENERATION AND AUTHOR' r Y

OF THE BIBLE.

Sir, —Your correspondent " Somme Cords" has in several of his letters referred to the " baptists" in such a way as to indicate that he could not argue with them on the subject of Baptismal RegeneraVon,simply because they took their stand upon the " canon of Scripture." In this matter he shows wonderful d scretion and I must congratulate him. Hs evidently aceep s the testimony of Cardinal Manning, who in discussing this question with the Rev.W.Werd, Callege,Cambridge —a clergyman of the Church of Eoglaad—said " You must know, sir, that every learned mao, who has exam- ined for himself, bath in your communion and in every other,has been forced to concede the point to the Bap tists." And Cardinal Manning must have the credit of having made one Baptist at least, for in four months afterwards this clergyman entered the B iptist ministry. Doubtless the Baptism have a strong position, for they stand upon the "impregnable rock of Holy Scripture. They will not accept the decision of the Path •r, nor the decrees of councils, nor the authority of churches in Rome or Canterbury unless they will stand the test of the Word of God. In his letter of the 27th :tilt your correspondent takee an attieude towards two of the most cherished beliefs of Baptists and Protestants, whieh in the estimation of Baptists and in the light of scripture is as utterly inde- fensible as that which he tak is on Baptismal Regener tion. Take his attitude te oard the Bible. He labours te prove that the supreme authority in religion is riot the Bible—but the Church. nest, by asserting that the Church was before the Bible, or as he ingeniously puts it before the canon of scripture. Now this is only partly true, for the greater part of scripture : the Law, the Nelms, and the Prophets, tegether with meat, if not all the historical !mks, were read, studied, preached from and sanctioned by our Lord, and his Apostles, long be- fore there was a Church. This partially false statement vitiates the whole of that part of his argument. Secondly : By attempting to show that certain practices mentioned in tee New Testament, are not observed arid I others again adopted by Pretatants—on the authority of the Church, thus giving countenance to his idea that the Church is a higher authority than the Bible. This we I deny, and assert that of the pracciem he mentions—with I the exception of Infant Baptism which is non-existent in the Bible—there is suffieienti evidence in the Bible it- self, that they were of a local, and temporary character, and not intended to be of universal or perpetual obliga- tion. , There is one thing which your correspendent has not deemed it wise or prudent to mention, viz., that there is a considerable difference between the early Christisn Church and the present R man Catholic Church. Up to the third century there would probably be but little cause for diversion in our ranks as Christians. When however in the third century Infant Baptism crepe in, there began te weave around it and out of it a net work of error, in which the Rornish communion has been more entangled than any other, and welch requires on their part the actual prohibition of the Bible, which they claim, their own Church canonised in order to cover their corruption. Lt me give a few instances. Cardinal Bellarrnine, a great oracle of the Roman Church, writes :—" We seeintain that the Scriptures ought not to be r sad pub Liv in the vulgar tongue, nor allowed to be read iedifferently by everybody.' The following is f eund under the fourth role of the prohibited books—ordered by the Council of Treat and approved by Plus : "If anyone witheut ii. license pre- sume to read or keep by him the Btole, he shall be dis- qualified to receive the absalution of his sins till he , deliver it up to the ordinary." It Is to be heped that your corresplecient has secured this license ! Foley a license required to read the Bible, ye liberty-loving Britons ! just as thugs it was some nitro-glycerine you had to handle ! and yet the canon of this very book is claimed byl the Catholie Ceurch ! What was the Church about woen it gave such a dan- gerous thing to the world ? That it is a dangerous thing let Dr. Cahill testify, for he declared—aecerding to the " Tablet" of December 17th, 1853, p. 804—" Ra would rather a Roman Catholic shoeld read the worst works of immorality, than the Protestant Bible—that forgery of God's word, that slander of Christ." Again—we have Pius VII, in 1818, issuing his bull against Bible societim, which he describes as " a crafty device, by which the very foundations of religion are mad ermined, a pesti- lence which must be remedied and abolished, a defile- ment of the faith,eminently dangerous to souls, impious machinations of innovators, wickedness of a nefarious scheme, snares prepared for men's everlasting ruin." All this is owing to the existence of the Bible, end tint " Sursum Carda " assures us was given to us by the , Catholic Church. How is it that they hive such a ter- rible opinion of their own gift, which they nevertheless regard, as your correspondent does, as a Revelatioe, of God inspired and divine? Let Cardinal Wiseman tell us. Referring to the seeeseions from the c lurch of Rome he testifies "The history in every single case is simply this ! Teat the individual by some chance or othet. probably through the ministry of some pious poem, became possessed of the word of God, of the Bio'e ; that he perused the book. That he could not find in it tran- substantiation, or Auricalar confession ! that he could not find in it one word of purgatory, or worshipping of images. He goes te the Priest and tele; him that he can- not find these doctrines in the B.ble. His Priest argues with him, and endeavours to convince him that he should shut the book that is leading bins astray :—Ele ' perseveres, he abandons the communien of the Chu.ce of Rome, and becomes a protestant." I After • reading this we cannot be surprised at the hatred which Roman Cithiliess manifest to wards the word of God. They are afraid of it I and well ' they may be for it is irresistible and as it circu- lates through the wield the errors and superstitions of IRome will be vanquished, and the power of Popery be , shattered. Nor is it any wonder that " Saran ii Cards', ' who only reads the Bible by permission, aad who dared :net be present at any religious service outside his owe I community—should be so grossly ignorant as to suppose that we regard the Bible as essential to salvation. Our ministers teach and preach,our missionaries do the earns, and the only things they regard as esserriel to salvation are repeatance towards God and faith in tee Lord Jesus Christ. But we hold and teach that reading the Scrip ture,like prayer and communion is a meta es of grace and tends to the cultivation of the spiritual Ii e. tiow can it be otherwise when it is the Word of Go I ? The Blessed Lend Himself cernmended the Jews for reading the Scriptures "Ye seerch the Scriptures for in them ye think ye have eternal life and tiey are they which testate of me." John v. 39. Jesus condemned the Sadduci es for their ignorance of Scripture. "Ye do err not knowing the Scriptures." Matt. xxii. 29. Be read, expounded and preached from the Scriptures again and again, and w'aat better, higher, truer, rue of faith and conduct can we have than the words of the Lord Himself. He is to us " Tam one Lawgiver " James iv 12, aud we know no other. No indivi lull man whether pastor or priest, prelate or prince, no com- munity of men, whether ecclesiastical or political—eanl rightly claim authority to legis'ate in religious matters, to prescribe articles of faith, to ordain or chinee rites and ceremonies, or in anyway te exereise lordehio over the human conscience or the Chureh of Gild. Christ is the sovereign of His Church and He has g vsn the Ssrip tures as the abiding snfficie,t, ant only rule of faith. "All Scripture given by inspira'iien of God, is profitable for doctrine, for reproof,for correction,for instruction in righteousness; that the marl of Gd may be perfect thoroughly furnished unto all goof works," 2 Tim.iii. 16 and 17v.The Christian with the Biblein his hen i and heart is cornpletly rurnishel, and needs neither the trad:tione of the fathers, the edicts of councils or the decrees of the Church. Jesus said"ln vain do they worship ms tsachia.y, for doctrines the commendments of men" Mett.xv. er. Saint John concludes the Caton of Scripture with these solemn words I testify unto everyone that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, if any man shall aid unto these things, Grid shall ad I unto him the plagues that are written in this book : And if may man shall take away from the words of the book of this pro- phecy. God shall take away his part from the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book." Rv. xxi. 1819. And yet the Church of Rome has been adding to arid changing e , her beliefs and cersmonies,until she has become weighted wit-a her own ritual, and almost irrecognizabre as a loCorhairgii aunt oi iart stead eidt uat the i etohnao ru tt Thy oh ori sift is et ohsvfe oi nraednvoi tfeaaGletrotehdci yi arid,r tsreiqapull snonpacti ' Here are some of the decisioas of the Catholic Church whic:i show into what evils we should be pluaged in du, ceuntry, if we accepted the rule of the Pope P ' d frot..A 6 that of the Bible The syllabus of Flo Nono contains the following :

===== 0002601_18980902_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRU) &Y. SEPTEMBER 2, 198;

66 The state has not tks right to leave every man free t) profess and embrace whatever religion he shall deem true." "It has not the right of asserting its supremacy et its own laws, when they come into conflict with ecclesiastical,law." "It his not the right to recognise any marriage between Chris:ians as valid, unless the Sacra- ment is included." _

. —That 13 what the Ratnish Caurch denies to the State. In the same syllabus she makes the following stupendous clamS. " The Church has the right of requiring it to b., believed by all that no Pope ever exceeded the bounds of his power." "Se(i s the Church) his the right to deprive the Civil Authority of the sole govern- ment of public schools." "She has the right to rf quire tnat the Catholic religion shall be the only reigion of the State tea the exclusion of all others." " She has the right to employ force." " She has the power of requir. I jog the State net to permit free expreFFion of opinion." All these monstrous claims ar3 reaffirmed by the pre- sent Popo and no future Pope can repudiate them. The dogma of infallibility involves that. One of the most recent utterances of the present Pope contains this sen- tence " The fathers of the Church are unanimous in con- sidering as outside the Catholic communion anyone who in the least degree deviates from even one point of doctrine proclaim 41 by toe autooritativa rn sgisteriurn of the Church." Tnis letter has already extended to an inordinate length. and with your perFnission I will reserve my remarks uoon the right of private judgment until next week. As lam a member of the Holy Catho- lic Church, I will sign myself, A CCIHOLIC BAPTIST.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
" EVERY PASTOR IS CALLED OF GOD"

Sir,—The following remarkable statement appeared In the" Manchester Guardian " of the 15th inst and is attributed to the present President of the Wesleyan Con- ference. "In the Christian Ceurch wit must remember we must no overlook the fact that every Pastor is called of God." Tails utterance is far too grave to be allowed to pass unchallenged, an I I, therefore, tea t you will kinely allow ins a portion of your correspondence columns ie which to apply Some amicable tests to it. The phrase, " Christian Ceurch " at once suggests the very important question, where is that institution to be found ? Answers coma from many quarters at once. Some boldly assert that it is the Churca of Pater. of which the Roman Pontiff is head : others again firmly deny this, and contend that it is the State Religion over wnich Clasen Victoria preside; ; while our Nonconformist friends of all shades put forward a similar claim for their respective Zions. lat once con- fess my inability to adjudicate upon these rival claims. But I may be permitted to express my opinion that the differences both in doctrine and ritual whin divide the claimants are rather airainst than for any or all of them being regarded as the Christian Church. Gad is certainly not the author ef the confusion which prevails among them ; and surely the religious babel in wince we live cannot be cousidered as an answer t the Saviour's prayer, that his disciples in all ages might be on, even as he and his Father are one. (John xvii. 11 to 21). Passing from the undecided question, where is the Church to be fouud, I have now to deal with the snit more questionable proposition of the Pastors' calling. Mr. Hughes tells us, apparently without any doubt sr hesitation, " that every Pastor is called of God." I may say at once that my faith is not sufficiently strong to accept this dicenn in the sense obviously impl Iby the President. True it is indeed, and right gladly do I own it, that every pastor who knows, by happy experience what it is to be a Christian, that is a follower of Christ —has indeed been called of Gad. For did not JeSl.ll say to the Jews, "No man can come to Me except the Father which bath seat 119 draw him ; and I will raise him me at the last day." (John VI. 44). But this drawing or callieg is not confined to the ministerial class, but is common to all believers; and its fruits are ; seen in a godly and ceusistent life. Such a life, how- ever, does not entitle any man learned or unlearned. poor, or rich, to lord it over his fellows, or take credit for gifts and graces which he does not possess. Then there is another—a special calling of God, and I believe this is the one to which Mr. Hughes refers. The nature and effects of this special calling will be best illustrated by examples. In Old Testiment times Moses and Aaron were reised up and called in a very remarkable manner for a very remarkable purpose; and ISO were Elijah, Elisha,and the other Prophets. And we learn from the Scriptures that all these men were em- powered to show such signs and wonders ' hat their corremporariss must have seen that the haul of God was with them, and that they were indeed, what they claimed to be, the appointed s vents and messengers of the le erd of Hosts. Ner was this divine calling less signally manifested in the primitive days of the Church of Christ. The Apostles were very bumble men, drawn in fact from the ranks of labour ; but so marvellously were they fitted far the mission to which the Lord had called them that they maid preach in unkaown tongues, discern spirits, confer the gilt of the Holy Ghost, and perform miracles on the bodies of men. If the Wesleyan President asks me to believe that be and his fellow pes- ters were raise lup ad called to the ministry after the manner of the Prophet; and Apostles then indeed he makes a draft upon my credulity which I cannot honour. Aim why? Because, look and march where I will, I cannot find a scrap of evi lance to support such a belief. %fedora pastors, so far as I know, are most re- spectable snen,fairly educated, and desirous, in most in- stances,to leave the world bstt than they found it : but of the kens which distinguished the Lord's special servants oi old they are,one and all,abselutely destitute. lain bound to admit, however, that there is a calling , with which all pastors, including the President himself, must be credited; but unfortunately for thernet is of the earth, earthy, ael not of heaven. Every pester who occupies a pulpit nad to find his way to that position through an entrance of some kind. In the church of which Mr. Hugh Price Hughes is a star of the first in lenituie the way lies throueti the college and the cm. franc 3. But surely no sensib e man, not even Mr. Hughes himself, will expect me to regard these ecclesi- astical doers as divine institutions! The college exists for the disseminttioa of secul sr and sectarian knowledge; and th 3 Conference is neither mere nor less than an assembly of highly respectable but on- inspired meneweli versed in matters pertaining to their profession ; but without any divine authority or power to confer spiritual gilts urn(' their fellows. But even this earthly cosliee,po or as it undoubtedly is,is not with- out attractions for many minds. In lesd it is very popu- lar and maces :ought after in these days fur reasons whichef not very cenarnandable, are at least intelligible enough. True College and the Conference, apparently Without any fear of being charged with impiety, center upon their elect the high honour of prefixing their names wee one of the attributes of God ! Then again they prescribe peculiar garments by whice their disciples may be seen and kno ern of all men. And lastly, when they have title .I and dressed them to their liking they send out their el ct t preach the gospll for a good salary. All these things may he very gratifying to the good pastors and well, o•do p‘sople who follow atter them ; but by no stretch of irnivaatisa can I look up ea them as signs of a divine mein. Oa the contrary,they appear to me to be purely human devices to secure popularity and proit to persons who, if they wers really whet they re- present tennweves to be, would be the humblest and most self-denying of men.—Yours truly,

===== 0002601_18980902_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
ORDER OF DRUIDS FRIENDLY 60CIETY.

OPENING OF A NEW LODGE AT PADGATE A m-ftsting was held on Tuesday at the house of Mr. Roberts, Farmers' Arms inn, Padgate, when a new lodge connected with the Warrington District Equlizl Branch was inaugurated. The chair was taken by P.D.G.M. P. Lingley, supported by the organizing agent, D Houghton, and the officers of the Warrington District Branch. Thi Caairmin apologized fur the absencs of P.D.G.M., W. Bibby aria also for Dr. Bennett, who has been appointed doctor to tne lodge. P.D.G.M., P. Eden, briefly sketched the advan- tages to be derived from joining Friendly Societies and urged his hearers to become members of the Order.

P.D,G.H. S. Duabobbin als spoke to the same effect and pointed out the fact tnat he had been a Druid 50 years and had always received the full benefi-,s pr-mised him at his initialon. The Orgaritzin.: Agent, then a,ldreesed the meet- ing. and spoke of the good work done by all friendly societies. lie thoroughly explained the system of graduation a iopted by the Druids sato the scale of contributions and also the system of equalization, which principle secured to the members the full benefits promised them at their initiation by the whole of the cantributioi being merged or paid into central funds, thereby putting all lodges and mem- bers on an aqual to3tin4 to participate in the whole of the capital set asi.ls for this purpose. 11,) matter how recien.tly the lodge may have been e,tablished. He went on GO show the advantsg,s of the accident compensation fund benefits which in a Idition to the benefits already named, members meeting with accidents and ren- dering them partially or totally unable to follow their employment, or with blindness arising fr3m any Cause, the Board of Management made them a grant of .E5O or £lOO. Several cases were cited of members being the recipients of this grant which demon-trated the blessing this particular fund had conferred on their wives and families. (Applatve The new members were afterwards initated and after taking their places, the dispensation was read by the Organising Agent, giving the name and num- ber. The " Fearnhead Lod', No. 2044 of the War- rington District Equalised Branch Order of Druids." The Chairman then had the pleasure of initiating an Honorary Member. The rest of the evening was spent in harmony, and brought to a close with the usuil vo,e of thanks.

PRNMIER CYCLI3S. special terms.—GARLAND, Agent Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
G KNE RA L NEWS.

The first screw line-of-bAttle ship was the Napolem,Prench built iu 1149, 103 guns. 603 horse-power, The death Is announced from Samoa of King Malietoa,who succumbed to typhoid fever o-.. 1 the 22nd instant. Mr. Arthur Pease, M.P., Liberal Unionist Member for Dar- lington, died on Saturday night at Callington, aged slaty-eno years.

Most of the amber found in Persia and along the Baltic shores goes to the Bast, to be made into mouthp ieees for PiPes•

More women than men gl blind in Sweden. Norway and Ireland ; more men than women In the rest of Europe and the United States.

Mr. Chamberlain has accept id an invitation to be present at the annual dinner of the Wolverhampton Chamber of Commerce in January neat.

Stens are to be taken to assimitate the law of Manchester to that of Liverpool in regard to the sale of matches, news- papers, etc.. in the streets by young children. Quill pens are prepared for use by sorting them, drying them in hot sand. scraping them so as to remora the outer skin, then hardening them in diluted nitric acid. Two men were killed and several seriously injured by a fill of root on fuesday afternoon at Billings Colliery, near Wigan. Joseph Lewis was executed at Swansea on Tuesday for the murder of Johns Scott, a gamekeeper. at Margam, whom he shot while engaged In poaching in June last.

An excursion brake loaded with passengers was overturned on the front at Margate on Sunday. A child Was dangerously Injured, and several persons were taken to the hospital.

A Yokohama telegram states on good authority that tho Japanese Government has decided to put the new tariff in force from the let of January neat. Formal notice to this effect will be given In a few days. The first brush with the Dervishes in the Soudan campaign took place on Monday, when the friendly levies surprised a party of the enemy with a la, tt containing a load of grain. Five prisoners were taken._

Two brothers named John lidwArd Kelly and Michael Kelly were taken into custody on Tuesday afternoon at Stock- port on a charge of haying caused the death of a commercial traveller named Bancroft, by kicking him. The exchequer returns from April Ito August 21 show Receipts £38.392,553, expenditure £11,524,09), and balances £4.385,251. In the corresponding period of last year the receipts were £38,422,935 ; the expenditure £43, ;95,144, and the balances £4 095,579.

The Mani Harbour Board has prepared figures showinx the arrival of visitors at Douglas for July. The number of p,ssengers leaded at Douglas daring the month was 91,687, making the total for the year 142,000, The number up to this time last year was 147,010.

According to" Kemp's Bercentlie Gazette," the number of Failures in Bnglind 830 Wives gazetted during the week ending August 27th, was 83. The number in the correspond- ing weak of last year was 5, showing an increase of 25,baing a net increase in 1898. to date. 01 179. The Empress of Japan is so deeply interrsted in the ques- tion of tbe higher education of women that at the present time she is paying the expenses of two Japanese women who went to America as delegates to attend the Biennial Conven- tion of the General Federation of Women's Clubs, which was recently held in Denver.

Cycle church parade, held at Folkestone and Seaham Hall, Lord Londonderry s no-*ti-country seat, were very largely attended. In connection with the Folkest ma /wade the vicar of St. Michael's delivered an address on muscular Christianity, in the course of whica he warmly advocated Sunday cycling. . _ .

Seine eitraordinary catches of salmon were reported at Berwick on Wednesday. At Yarrow, otte of he Tweed fisheries, over 20J salmon were got in in the morning tide. In one haul 60 large salmon and grilse were brought ashore, and in another tO extra hands hwe been employed to cope with the immense quantity of fish. At Northampton. on Saturday. Thomas Mead, a miller, of Tring. was fined 84 , for using ~ffenstve language in a London and North.'eirstern ttailway carriage near Sorthamp- ton. Mr. H. P. Monckton. M.P., at whose instignation the prosecution was institute!. spoke to the defendant using most objectionable languge in the carriage in the presence of ladies.

The visit of a band of Mr. John Kensit's followers to Peterborough led to some violent scenes at St. Penile Church. In the nil ist of gr-at uproar. the viler retired to the vestry, where something like a souffle took place between the Pro- testant le tgners and the young communicants who styled themselves the " altar bodyguard," The vicar was afterwards hooted in the streets. The joint conference of South Wales coalowaers and repre- sentatives of the miners on strike, held at Cardiff on Saturday, did not result in a settlement. The employers adhered to their pit-head notices, but subsequently made a fresh proposal,to the effect that the men should have power to determine the sliding scale on January 1 and July 1, in the event ot wages falling below 12i per cent, above the standard of 1879.

_ The Brjti,h cruiser Cleopatra, on its way from Copenhagen to Stockholm, collided with the Norwegian schooner Livelig, off Helsingor, on Monday night. The schooner was badly damaged, and 13 bluejackets were placed on board to help in keeping her aLloar.. Unfortunately, their eines were un- successful, and the vassal foundeted. The schooner's crew and twelve of the bluejackets were saved, the remaining six being drowned. News of the de Ith under sad eircurnetances of two sons of Professor A. J. Church reached Barnett on Monday. They were attempting to cross the river Athabasca on their way to Klondike when the eldest, Richard Arnold. was carried away by the current. George Edward Church heroically endeavoured to rescue his brother, although the chances were 1.0.)0 to 1 against it. Both were carried away and drowned. Their bodies were not recovered.

Mr. John J. Holden, who has figured so prominently In the Southport contest. is largely engaged in the cotton trade of Lancashire, his firm. the Globe Spinning and Manufactur- ing Company. of Macclesfield and Crawshawbooth. employ- ing several hundred workpeop'e. At one time he took an active part in connection with the United Cotton Spinners' Association, He Is also a largo chemical manufacturer, near Manchester, his chief product being gas residuals.

- At a meeting of the Springfield Breweries Cdmpany, Limited, held on Monday, at the offices, 12. Moorgate-street, London, Mr. S. Rawlings, the chairman, had concluded his speech, and the adoption of the report was duly seconded; when Mr. Rawlings fe 1 back in his chair in a violent epilep- tic fit. The usual steps were taken, and a medical man was s.tit for. Meanwhile, on the suggestion of a shareholder, the rep3rt was adopted and the auditors re-elt,cted. A dividend of 8 per cent on the pre'erence shares and 10 per cent. on the ordinary, making, with the interim dividend already paid 8 per cent, for the whole year, was declared.

The Lcrd Mayor of Loudon recently conveyed to Colonel May, the retiring United States Ambassador, a cordial inva tation for a farewell dinner or luncheon at the Mansion Rouse. Mr. Hay. in reply. wrote that, while he was deeply gratified and touched by the kind proposal, and for all the marks of attention which he hsd received during his resi- dence in London, the time now left him was too brief to admit of the honour proposed by the Chief Magistrate of the City of London. The royal yacht " }Win" on Monday evening conveyed the United States Ambassador across the Solent to Bast Cowes, on his farewell visit to the Queen.

At Sed,gley on Wednesday evening the South Staffordshire Coroner opened an inquest concerning the death of a pupil teacher named Hilda Meredith. The girl • had passed one examination and was studying to pass a second. Owing to not being able to complete her lessons, she became depresset and said she would drown herself rather than go on teaching. Subsequently she was foiand dead in a pool a considerable distance from her home. The Coroner said that as her tongue protruded from her mouth he did not think that death was caused by drowning. There were, indeed, no symptoms of drowning. He adjourned the enquiry for a post-inortem examination to be made.

There loss been great drought at the Antipode----s, bet the Australasian " Review of Reviews "announces a copious fall of ran over the whole country, and says :—" The parched Inland plains will soon be "covered with lush green grass, leafy orchards, and the yellowing corn. How cruel in intensity, how costly in results, the long-sustained drought has been is hardly realised. Sir William Zeal, at the annual meeting of Goldsbrough, Mort, and Co.. Limited, held in Melbourne on Jane 29, tried to express in arithmetic the cost of tbe drought. The loss in wheat, hay, oats, &c.. to Victoria during the three year. of drought he reckoned at over £5,000,:10J ; the loss in wool, Ice., for the same period was at least another £5.003,000. Thus the three years' drought cost Victor,'" alone something like £10,000,000. The "Investor's Review," discussing the question "Is there tobe cheap wheat says :—The English and Conti- nental supplies may be taken as pr,tty certain to be consider- ably in excess of those of last year. Prices will consequently rule lower, and we shall not be so much dependent on the American supply. This is the view now taken by cautious observers in the United States, but the Western farmers are still holding back. Supplies of new wheat are put, but spar- ingly, on the markets. The present caution has reduced the " visiole supra " below all past records, but then it is known that many times that quantity is " almost within a day's run of Chicago." In a week or two probably, when a more trustworthy estimate can be formed of the probable European and other supplies, the American farmers will become more free in their sales, and wheat will settle down to something like its natural price. Whatthat price may be no one would venture yet to suggest with any confidence. It may—pro- bably will—go Lelow even last year's average. It is interest- ing to note that 1697 was the first rear since 1892 that the average price f wheat had gone much above 26s.per quarter. If the average price for wheat In this country during the latter half of this y.ar goes as high as 30s. we shall be much surprised. It is more likely to be 21a, and It may fall even below that.

INDEPENDENT O.O.DRR OF ODDFELLOWS MAN- CHESTER UNITY), WARRINGTON DISTRICT, GRIND LODGS. The fires annual picnic in cmnection with the above was held on Saturday when the members and their friends made Chester their place of rendevous. Though it wee raining hard when leaving Warring- ton (and the rain prevented several members from ruling the party) the weather on reaching Chester was really beautiful, The programme was some- what altered before starting on account of the wet weather, consequently, on reaching Chester the members enjoyed themselves in various ways, some proceeded by steamer to Eccleston, while others drove over Hawarden. The whole company assem- bled at 6 o'clock at the Bull and Stirrup Hotel for ' tea,to which they did full justice, being most ably catered for by the genial host and hostess. Mr, and Mrs. Bates. After tea the chair was taken by Prov. Barnwell, in the absence of the Prov. GAL, when the following toasts were proposed and re- sponded to in an ablo manner :—The Warrington District, responded to by Prey. D.G.M. Barnwell ; the Chester District, responded to by Prov. G.M. Allen ; tile Grand Lodge,responded to by P.G. Long- shaw. Tha health of the boat and hostess was pro- pos:A by P.G. P. G. Walker, of the Victoria Lodge, Cheger,and was duly acknowledged by Mr. Bates. At 8 o'clock the members assembled at the Oddfel- lows Hall where they were welcomed by the Chester brethren. The company returned to Warrington by the 10 p.m. train after having thoroughly enjoyed their day's outing.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GA.INIES AND

ATHLETICS.

TN view of the approaching Football Season. it may be in- teresting to state that the world-famed manufacturers, GEORGE G HUSSEY & CO.. of London, are preparing a atm( of Balls, which for quality, uniformity and durability, will be unique. These balls will be distinguished by the appear- ance thereon of their well-known trade mark *Gripe. Ask the local Sports Dealer for their Catalogue. If not prontrable apply to 36 & 33, Queen Victoria-street. London. Factories— Peckham, London ; and 131mswell, Suffolk.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

Alec Martin, who it will be remembered played for Widnes in the 1896-1897 season, has been re-signel en by the Widn.s Football Club Committee. When be first allied himself with the cub be came from Tudhoe with a good reputation as wing threequarter, and it is be- lieved that his inclusion int) this season's organization will prove to be a considerable b-nefit to the club. Now the committee have satisfactorily succeeded in filling this position it is hoped that their selection will prove a popular one. It may be stated that Martin is a brother of the Oldham p'ayer. We understand that Brennan, the popular capt ,in of the Widnes first teatn,will not be able to ) occupy his position in the field for some time, as he is at present tim3 unfortunately laid up with fever. We hope the danger will soon be past, and that be will make a speedy recovery.

Runcorn Rugby team for Saturday :—S. Boughton, !dick ; T. Warder, 0. Woods, S. Williarnson,W. Fletcher three quarters; J.Jolley,J Nicksem,half-backs; S. Walker, A, Taylor, W. Lightfoot, W. Bettley, F. Jameson, W. Wilson, F. Gaytsr, and J. Tomlinson, forwards ; with L. Halliwand, and W. Reece as reserves.

Runcorn "A "team v. Wigan "A" :—W. Forster (Widoes), back ; W. Gavter, G. Moston, R. Yates (Widna3), R. Anderson (Widnes), three-quarters ; F. Sefton, G. Williams. half-backs; S.Langley,G. Chesters, M. Doran, J. Boyle (Runcorn Vics.), A. Moulton, J. Higgins, F, Jeacoak, P. Haye3, forwards ; with T. Hedgcock, W. Thomas, W. Tatlock (Runcorn Vice), reserves.

Runcorn Athletic F.C. v. Brunswick Guild (Associa- tion) on Saturday :—Team : Goal, W Stanway ; backs, F Barrows (captain) and J Walker ; half backs, W Garruthers,W Jones, J Clarke; forwards,W F Matthews, P Hilton, W Lunt, B Wllliams,W Hopwood.

FOOTIALCING. At the Salford Police Sports on Wednesday in the 220 yards open to all police, P.C. Whittaker of the Warring. tin Police force, secured the first prize (gold double albert) value £4 Os. i Od. In the open f mile, P.C. Robin- son was successful n taking secmd prize (kettle and stand) being valued at £2 03. Od.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
GYIINLSTI-CS.

The Warrington Gymnit—e-i-u—rn—Wlll re-open for the sea- son on Septemb3r 12h. There are classes for the young and—comearitively speaking-31d of both sexes each sseek.whieh shmld ensure a good all round attendance during the winter season. It is much to be desired that such a deserving institution should become more popu- hr with the young generation, as its advantages are oh ViOU3. ZVI -

===== 0002601_18980902_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

The golf championship of the Engadine has been annexed by Mr. A. LI. Crosfield, who defeated in the final Mr. J. R. T. Taver, a player who learned his gams on the Sc. Andrew's links. Mr.Crosfisld is a permanent member of the Hoylake club. The continent appears t 3 agree with Mr. Crosfteld, as be invariably comes back laden with honours. Golf is only one of many sports and pastimes in which he excels.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CMICK&T.

_ 1 his ir inch of sport suffered se verely—mtaphorically speaking—at the hands of the weather on Saturday. Though the season Is now practically over, and ether pastimes mare in keeping with atmospherical conditions, are soon to take its place, yet the many lovers of the game, qui'e apart from the actual participators in it, sorely begrudge even one day's play, sacrificed at the altar et bad weather.

CYCLING. Cycling wag of course out of the question on Saturday owing to the rain. A few of tbe members of the War- rington Cycling Club took advantage of the fins weather oa Tuesday night to have a run to Newton. To-day the members have an inter-club run with the Manchester wheelers to Daveaham.

Arthur Adelbert Chase is once again the record hero of the hour by reason of his magnificent ride last Mon- day—next ta Betts' mile of 1 m'n 35 secs the finest record performance of the year made upon an English track. Chase was the first Eaglish rider to cover over 30 miles iii th-• hour ;he was also the first to ride over 33 miles. Ideal weather for record breaking prevailed last Monday night, when at about half-past six Chase, io his usual brown and grey costume,which so well matches his dark complexion and skin, turned out for an attack on what is reckoned, next to the mile,the " thickest" of re:lords. Everything was in order for a grand hour's burst, bets being made previously that Stocks' long-standing re- c)rd of 32 miles 1,086 yards would get a mile's beating some even considering Tayloure's world's records in jeepardy. Chase rode a preliminary lap, and looked tighly fit. He rode 120 gear and 26in. front wheel. From the " five " Stock's records were mowed down with persisent regularity. Chase rode gamely, and had the pacing been faster could have followed it. Tay- bum's times, it was evident, would not be equalled, but a loud cheer went up when Stocks' famous distance was ' eclipsed. Chase finished well, and received a rousing , cheer. The principal new English times were : One Imile, 1 nain 52 25 secs ' • five miles, 8 min 47 1-5 sec ; ten 17 min 36 sec ; fifteen miles. 26 min 33 3-5 sec ; twenty miles, 35 min 44 sec; twentrfive miles, 44 min 46 4-5 sec; thirty miles, 53 min 52 2-5 sec. One hour, '33 miles 712 yards, Tayloure's hour record was one mile faster.

The question now arises, Will English riders and pacing be able to regain the rec ords annexed in America? Chase had everything in his favour, he is now at bis fittest, and the pacers were never riding faster, yet he finished some way outside the American times. Several say that under the present pacing conditions it is im- possible for Chase to improve on the ride to the extent to best world's records. It must be considered the cracks in tic States have undue advantage,as they have twice as much pacing on hand. The latest particulars of Edward Tayloure's mile ride of 1 min 32 3-5 sec at Philadelphia state that 15 of the fastest rid srs on the 1 pace-making team of the American Association wore placed on quints to pace him. The start was a faultless one, and from the very shot of the pistol the wee French- man flew at a terrific pace directly at the rear wheel of the big multiplets' which thundered round the board course. He went the first third in 30 2-5 sec, the second third in 31 1-3 sec, and the last in 31 sec, making a total of 1 min 32 3-5 sec. When the time was announced the little champion got a rousing reception.

The increasing number of accidents remin is us that "He who rides with cars away may live to ride another day."

R. L. Jeff.3r3ol ,acc-iinpanied by camels carrying water and teat bearers, is now cro33iog the Kizil-Kurn desert.

Platt-Betti is slowly reelvering From the effects of the serioas accident he sustained a short time ago. Be has hopes of being able to race again next year.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
A. PLAUSIBLE STORY WITH A MONTH AS A SEQUEL.

It will be remembered that a-; the Se!sions, on Mon- day week, a man named George Williams, pleaded not guilty to a charge of obtaining lodgings under false pre- toner s, and to committing wilful damage to bedroom and bedding belonging t 3 Mr. James Robinsen Hall, the proprietor of the Wilson Hotel, Bridge-street, Runcorn, and was remanded at the request of the police so that inquiries could be male concerning him.-,--The evidence against him (a'ready reported) was repeated.—Pri- s3ner said he had no inteation of fraud, and stated that since he had sunstroke some time ago he had suffered greatiy.—P•C. Gregory said that when first apprehended the Man he gave a wring name, giving that of Ellis in place of Williarns.—Superintendent Okell said as a re- result of his inquiries he found that the man was well known to the police and had served a month in jail for assaulting a female. He had also been gazzetted as a suspect along with his wife in cinnection with some bank frauds.—Priseirr admitted that he had been to prison, and tried to explain that he was wringly im- prisooe, d but the story appeared too plausible.—The chairman advised him to give up his old companions (whom he alleged were influencing him), when he came out of prison, to which he would be sent for a month with hard labour dating from tnat day.—Prisaner thanked the magistrates.

FOUND DROWNED. On Monday afternoon, Mr. F. A. Janes, deputy coroner, held an inquest at St. Helens Town Hall, on the body of Michael Murphy, 52 years of age, of Raven- t, who was bund drowned in the canal near to the werka of Messrs. Quirk, Barton, and Co., where he was employed. It was stated that on Tuesday night Murphy, left tie works to fetch some beer, and would have to pass alongside the canal. He did not return, and it is suppo,ted that he fell into the water and was drowned. A verdict cf " Found drowned " was returned.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLISTS

US Z PILLAR BRAND. Lubricating and Burning Oils and Cycle Enamel, 2,namellette,and Brunswick Black. From all Dealers.

AGENTS: McLECAN AND CO., 13, ERBL-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND DISTRICT CYCLE.

PARADE.

The second annual cycle parade, fanzy these car- nival and torch light procession took place on Saturday under very unfavourable cireumstancss. The parade was held under the auspices of the Earlestown Social Cycling club, and great prepara- tions had been made to ensure a successful show. The weather,however, which is an important factor in all outdoor displays of this kind, proved a dis- turbing element, and Saturday morning opened in a most depressing manner,and considerably damped the expectations of the committee who had charge of the affair. Rain fell heavily all the morning,and 11 although there were signs of tan improvement at noon, there was another deluge which continued until after two o'clock, the time at which the pro- cessionists should have mustered. Ira the mean- time the committee met to consider the state of affairs, and anxiously debated the desirability of postponement. Towards three o'clock, the rain ceased and the sun shone brilliantly, and it was thereupon decided to assemble at four o'clock, and this decision was quickly circulated through the town. At four o'clock there was a very large mus- ter of cyclists on the Market Plac' e but just before making a move, another heavy shower of rain de- acended,which caused a scamper. In a few minutes it cleared off and from this time onward the waather continued beautifully fine. The marshals were Messrs. J. Preston, G. Wright, W.MawdsleY, J. Smith, J. Jones, W. Gilmour M. Andrews, J. Arm- strong, T. Topping, T. Holliday, J. Gregory, and J. Williams, and they quickly set about putting the medley into something like order, in preparation for inspection by the judges Mr. F. T. Parry, Liverpool and Mr. Charles E. Pugh, L.D.C.C.A. Mr. .1. W. Thorpe should have acted also, but he wa, prevented by illness from doing so. Attsr a short delay, the procession moved off headed by about a dozen of the Lancashire Yeomanry in command of Sergeant Swans, and an imposing dis- play they made. The following was the order of the procession which followed :—Earleatown Prize Band, tricycles and tandems, lady characters (no-, comic), gentleman characters (not comic), juveniles—boys and , girls, Professor Coolies' Wellington Rand, gentleman comic characters, lady comic characters, club groups, chums, Parr Bt. Peter's Prize Band, lady's best decor- ated machine, gentleman's beat decorated machine, neatest individual (lady),neatest individual(gentleman), club groups, comic characters and novelties, Runcorn Blue Hungry Band.

The route traversed was as follows :—Market-squ irfti Market-street, Noith Sankey-street, R,gentstreec, Via duct-stroet, Wood-street. Bank-street Earle-streetiQueer" street,Wargrave-road, Park-road, Willow-road, Mill-lane, (turn at" Millstone "), Church-street, High-atreet,Crow- lane, Cross-lane, Bridge-street, Market-street, Ground. Along the line of procession large numbers of people assembled and evinced the greatest interest in Market the decorations of the bicycles and the costumes of the cyclists,which were pronounced to be excellent by ever!- body. The procession was not quite as numerous as it would have been had the weather been tine, but as the judges remarked "it was far ahead of many others they had judged, in point of excallence,the decorations being at once unique and rich." A new feature introduced into the parade this year, was that of Collectors wise were all attired in some costume characteristic of some- ' thing,and doubtless this contributed in no small measure to the success of the parade. One character, amongst the collectors stood out in bold relief, as Wing most ex- cellent and that was" Lily White," a young fellow from Runcorn, whose delineation of a female was beyond compare. Another excellent character was that of an acrobat undertaken by a gentleman from Liverpool, which called forth admiration.

The evening promssion did not leave the Ilarket ground before half-past eight, and at this time all the main thoroughfares were simply impassable, the town being crowded with people. There were several addi- tions to the parade at night, and the machines were beautifully illuminated with fairy and chines° lanterns, whilst additional light was added by means of torches, all of which tended t.) lend brilliancy to an already brilliant scene. Toe order was samething as before, but the route was considerably shortened, as follows : Market-square' Legh-street, Viaduct-street, Earle-street, Queen-street, Railway-street, Houghton-street, Darby- street, Hotel-street, Cross-lane, Bridge-streot,Markst-st., Market groued. On returning to the Market ground, there was a fireworks display,which was witnessed by a surging crowd of people. The following is a list of prize winners in both par- ades :

2 o'clock Parade :—Best characteristic dress and decorated machine (lady or gentleman living in Earles• town or Newton) : Special torn, C Caorlton " Santa Claus." Best characteristic dress (gent's) : Ist prize, T Waring, " Cavalier " ; 2nd prize, J W Austin, " Robin Hood" ; 3rd prize, T E dough," Don Cresar de Bazan." Best characteristic dress (lady's) : Ist prize, Mrs W Prober; " Welsh Woman " ; 2nd prize, Miss Polly Nay- lor, "My Sweetheart." Juveniles (boys or girls) net over 14 years of age: let prize, T. Morris (aged 6), ssC ster "' • 2nd prize, T Beatty (aged 10), " Irish- man," ; 3rd prize G Hughes (aged 11), " Nigger." Comic characters ?male dress) : Ist prize, P Glynn, Scotchinan ;" 2nd prize H Wilson, " Irishman ;" 3rd prize, A Shuffiebottom, " Half man and half women." Comic characters (female dress) : Ist prize. fl Mawdsley, " Mother Noblett.' Club group (largest) : Ist prize, Blue Hungry band, Runcorn ; 2nd prize, Prof. Cooles' hand, Earleetown. Best decorated machine (gent's) : let prize, C Latham, "beefeater ;" 2nd prize, a Owen. , "Holiday times ;" 3rd prize, J Brown, " Oliver Groin- ' well." Best decorated machine (lady's) : Ise pr.ze, Miss Polly Naylor ; 2nd prize, Mrs W H Probert. Neatest individual and machine (gent's) : let prize, J Smith, "Mephistopheles:" 2nd prize, T Andress, "Wellington." Comic characters (lady or gent), not cyclists : let prize, J L Evans, "clown"; 2nd prize, E R Roberts, " Lily White"; 3rd prize, T Winrow, "Nigger." Special prize for comical objects: Special whiskey by Mr W W Owen, J Cameron and W Prooert "Sloper with machine and donkey." 7 o'clock parade—Best characteristic dress (g sntle- man's) : Ist prize, T Crossley, "Chinamac"; 2nd, C Chorlton, and 3rd, J W Austin. Dest characteristic dress (lady's) : Ist prize, Mrs W H Probsrt ; 2nd, Miss Polly Naylor; 3rd, Mrs Bowes. Juveniles (boy or girl) : let prize, Nellie Hughes ; 2nd prize, W Hughes, " Negro." Comic characters (male dress) : let prize, H Edwards, " Fly Catcher" ; 2nd prize, J Watkinson, " Clown " ; 3rd prize, P Glynn " Scotehman." Comic characters (female dress : let prize, H Mawdslev. Special prize for 'comic objects : Bottle of special Whiskey by Mr Fl Hibbeet, J Camm, "Rheumatic Machine. Best illuminated machine (gents) : let prize, T Waring ; 2nd nrize, C Latham, 3rd prize, J W Austin. Best illuminated machine (lady's) : Ist prize, Mrs W H Probert ; 2nd prize, Miss Lillie Hughes ; 3rd prize, Miss Pollre Naylor, Comic characters (lady or gent), Ist prize, El Wilson ; 2nd prize, A Shuffiebottom ; collectors' prizes, special prize for boy or girl's largest collection, half ton of coal nuts by Mr J Preston, won by W Attfield ; prize for second best collection (boy or girl), umbrella by Mrs G Owen, T Winrow ; 3rd, largest collection (boy or girl) bottle of perfume by Mr R. Knowles, Miss Davies; adult largest collection, half ton of coal by Mr N Smith, T Bewes ; 2nd, collection half load of potatoes by Mr T Haselden, 0 Mom ; comic collector's costume. Ist prize, half ton of coal by Mr Preston, W Attfield ; 2nd prize, walking stick by Mr J Smith, A Porter, " Girl." Special prizes selected from above list in which co awards were made : Miss L Hughes, "Electricity;" Bros Mawdsley, "Babes in the Wood •" E Battersbv, " Acrobat ;" C F Porter, " Nigger ;" 3 Owbridge, " Pirate Chief ;" F B Lamb, "King of Spain ;" Isaac Whittle,." General Gor- don."

The arrangeinents were admirably carried out by Mr C Chorlton (chairman), Mr P McMahon (vice-chairman), Messrs J L Evans, C Latham, J P Porter, C Crossley, J Andettoo, J Brown, C Dickenson, T Bowes, F B Lamb, T Preston, J A 0 wbridge, J W Austin, E Dale, J W Thorp (treasurer), and T Waring and T E Clough, secretaries. The amount collected in the boxes was £2O is 10d, which is to ke devoted to an Old Folks treat.

===== 0002601_18980902_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
OHM Y'S CI RCIJS.

_ Good audiences have been attracted during the week to this place of entertainment by the fine pro- gramme submitted. Gartland, the clown, continues to provoke laughter and amusement with his jokes and tricks. Miss Meyers with her troupe of per- forming dogs and her horseback riding, still proves a draw. Claude Ohtny, gives a varied exhibition of riding and together with Patterson, some fine combination tricks in their line are provided. The Brothers Zoltine are very successful and earn warm applause. Watson and Toney are still popular in their riding feats; Little Toney, however, puts a finish to the business with his dashing performance, which brings him unlimited applause from the audience. The wire performance by Fere is an attraction which has enduring .charms. The com- pany has been greatly strengthened by the musical Ho wards in an original entertainment, and Mons. Thorne, the ladder King, with some risky feats on the ladder which are well received. The last, but not the least important Ifeature,is the Kinetograph, by which some excellent and new pictures are thrown on the screen. The entertainment is quite up to its usual standard.

THE SECRE OF & CLEAR SKlN,soft,white hands and luxuriant hair is found in the perfect action of the pores, produced by Cuncone SOAP, beyond all compari- son the most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap in the world,as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery. It is tho only preventive of p:mples, blackheadr,red,rough and oily skin,red rough hands with shapeless nails, dry, thin, and falling hair, and simple baby blemishes, because the only preventive of inflam- mation and clogging of the pores, the cause of moss and hair, minor affections of the skin, SCIJp,

LATEST NE Ws.

/

WArrinzton.—Printed and published by John ~ „—treai. The Examiner General Printing Works. Bewi',e-T-ii -road and Published also at The Examiner MOO, S Wzninta ; High-aLreet. RUNCORN 42. urge set. HELENS and 3 Market-street, lis.3l..r.rrarr3.-- 27 lft9H.

I

===== 0002601_18980902_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ENL A RGEME N T PROM TOUR POST 12/6 FEB& OWN PHOTO FRAMED COMPLETE IN POLISHED OAK. SIZE 20 by 19. SHED CABINET Olt 040'. TO MILNER & MORTON, 55, MARKET ST., MANCHESTER.

ORESERRE COUNTY COUNCIL—A Scholarship for, bbltruction in Cookery, Laundry-work, and Dress-, Oging is offered. tenable for ten months at a School of estic Economy. Pores of application can be .„"ta, Med from R. P. WARD, Organising Secretary, CreWe, "'q must be ol inel 'op Or before SEPTEMBER 12tb,

'CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL—The TECHNICAL INSTRUC lON COMMIT FEE offer for COMPETI- 'ION a number of SCHOLARSHIPS for females tenable tthe Dairy Institut4. Worleston, and commencing on (=INLAY, SEPTEMBER 19ti to obtain thorough in- Ittnction in DAiry Wok. ApPlicatieos to be Bea to me orbefore Sert•mber 10 b RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary.

E GREAT CENTR,AL A ILWAY .—DONCASISE RACES 6 7 8 AND 9ms SEPTEMBE.E. . Fast Through EXPRaSS TRLIN3 to DONCASTER thout change of carnage will be run from Warrington antral) as followls : ',. On TUESDAY, THURSDAY, and FRIDAY. Sth,'Bth, and ' September, at 9-10 soil, and 10-4 a.m. WEDNESDAY (St. Leger Day), at 9-1.0 a.m., and ' lulteturning from Doncaster (St. Tames' 33,-idsce Station), on lb iliktaY at 6-23 p.m. Wednesday 6-e0 p.m. Thursday, 6-23 I,:,arrel on Friday at 6-25p.m.. lull particulars see bills. W ILLIAM POLLITT, General Manager. --.,.....Te5ter, August, 1893. HOSPITAL MEDICAL SCHOOL-- Oak, The WINTER SESSION will begin on MONDAY, of • uur 3rd. Entrance scholarships of the combined value are awarded annually and numerous prizes and 'are open for competition by students of the School. Year e number e patients treated in the wards during last 4lle2,eeeded 8,000. • %lice the Hospital appointments are made strictly in accord- With the merits of the-candidates, and without extra %rut- There are 28 resident appointments open to Mrpeues of the Eosp'tal annually without payment of tk,lthinal fees, ind numerous non-resident appointments In iii 7 Benet-al and special departments. The 'Queen Victoria a.!ed. recent!re-opened, will provide additional aticommo- --soon ~ y ,_ tor gynecological and maternity cases. .ae College accommodates 60 student, under the supervi- a resident warden. toheeDLeripta.s. School npd m provides the full curriculu required The CI . _ übs Union Athletic ground is easily accetslble. kLitandbook of Information for those about to enter the T:._*l Professian will be forwarded on application. oil tsr. the prospectus of the School, containing full particulars ate Les, course of study advised, regulations of the College, ltzpPlv personally, or by letter, to the- DEAN, Guy's -....5.rta1.-London Bridge, S.E.

I?IJPTURES, - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. lA, T. REMINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Ours of Rupture ; registered ; sonsulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9, Grosvenor-street Loa. don-road. Manchester.

SIGH NO MORE LADIES. WEAR THE NATURAL IMMOVABLE From CURLED From SCALPRTTES } 211- FRINGES. 1016 T. S. BROWN, 3., LEBO -STREW, LIVERPOOL.

THANKS. ON BERALF OF MRS. YOUNG AND MYSELP, I beg to tender my best thanks to the Subscribers to the very handsome gold watch and raisin, and Tea and Coffee liervioe, presented to us with a nurse of Gold, upon my re- firmament from tho post of Stationmaster at Barlestown, after 35 years sash.: THOMAS 'YOUNG, arlestown, August 30th,

THAT IDEA OF YOUR.. win NOT PROTECT IT AT A. LOW COST? J. A. COUBROUGH. REGISTERED PATENT AGENT (Gt. Britain). Qual. by Examination. Also Registered Patent Agent of U.S. America. 10 ST. GEORGIE'S CRESCENT. LIVERPOOL.

W BBBN G AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALSO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTIQUES. On sale, a photos Selection of WEDDING and MATH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also election of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS. and BRIO-A-BRAO. OLD GOLD a Fine S ABONUTISTE.S. CHINA' V.& PENNINGTON & CO., JBWBLLBRS, AND SILVERSMITHS. DEALERS IN INS, WAR MEDALS AND ANTIQUES, 63C0 ERNSEAW-STREHT, LIVERPOOL---63. g.tablisbed 1819. Valuations for probate.

W a B. SWEETMAN'S lIAIR LOTION. The Best Remedy for FALLING OR WBAK HAIR, And Sure Preventative of Baldness. PRICE 2s. 6d. PER BOTTLE. S. HATIELAGH.ETEICHT, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Central Station).

pAINTERS' IsECONDHAND BRUSHES .AND 'GLAZIHR s' DIAMONDS. FOR SALE, a quantity of the ebeve-mentioned GOODS. HUGHES BROTHERS. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, CLOTHIERS AND TOOL FACTORS. 116 to 120, BROWELOW HILL, LIVERPOOL.

AMERICAN Ice Cream FREEZ ERS.-1,000 sold to shopkeepers at wholesale prices. Also immense quantity of be otasses.—EDWARDS AND Co., 108, White- chapel, Liverpool.

TlO al Parties Commencing Business.—Where to j_ Purchase at the Right Price.--GROCSRS' FITTINGS and Utensils, Drapers' Fittings, Confectioners' and Bakers' Fittings, Butchers' Complete Outfit, Totmcconists Fittings and Utensils. Publicans and Dining Rooms fitted; a splen- did selection te choose from; inspection invited ; estimstea free.___EDwAuns AND Co., 108, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

BARGAI N. X4OO worth Confectioner's GLASSES. latest shapes ; 5 Ovens. 40 Marble Tables, 600 Bentwood Chairs; Shops Furnished.—ErrwAnns, 108, White-chapel, Liverpool. SHOOTING SEASON. AMMUNITION and every REQUISITE UP TO DATE T. STENO!, GUN MAKER. 20, HANGING DITCH MANCEIBSTER. Established 1810.

A VICTORIA POWDER (Registered) is the Safest. Quickest, and Most Certain CURES FOR HEADACHE, TOOTHACHE. TIO, OR NEURALGIA. Refuse Imitations. 10 in a Packet. TO Bold hymn Chemists and Patent Medicine Dealers. Post Pre. THE NORTH END DRUG CO., CHEMISTS, 97, WESTMINSTER-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

NEW HOWE CYCLES 5, BRILEY-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Ahead of sill others for Speed. Lightness, and Comfort. Prices to suit all. W..J. RODGERS. District Manager.

ING49 0 R T 11, PAPER MERCHANT. j CHHAPBST IN THB Cl/S. SPECIALITIES : Parchments.• Butter Paper, Cheese Paper, 'Cap Papers, Sweet Bags, and Stationery Packets. Write for samples to 4 AND 6, OAK STRBBT. THOMAS-STREBT, MALICHESTBR.

LOOK 'TO YOUR WINDOWS. NO TROUBLE WITH BROKEN CORDS TRW WINDOW SASH CORD-HOLDER Is an invention to dispense with the necessity,.of removing Sashes from their Frames when broken coeds have to be replaced by new ones. Damage to Woodwork and Paint is thereby avoided, and a great saving of time and expense effected. LTIDRBSB: T. COOKE, YORK.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS CF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) Froin 168. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATHRFROOF HOLD-ALL From 'ale 6d. AND 41, •ALE -STREET. tl, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ISLE OF MAN.—EXPRESS MAIL STEAMERS (Sundays excepted). From LIVERPOOL. From DOUGLAS. Daily-- 10-30 am and 2 pm jDaily 9 am and33o pin EXTRA SAILIN4S. Satmdays 5 pm A 12-30 night I Mondays 12-30 am DAT ETC OIMIONS DAILY From LlverpooL—...l3-30 am I From Douglas 330 p m Arrive Douglasahout 2-15 pm I Avive Liverpool about 7-45 pm And by Saturday's midnight steamer, to return Sunday midnight steamer. Ixtmtroor, TO V-001EY.—Direct Mondays and Saturdays. at 12-30 man. Via DouGu.s, Tuastays, Wednesdays. Thurs- days, and Fridays, at .2 pm to LA. The mast enjoyable route to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow Is via Douglas. Cheap excursions and short sea passages. Illustrated pamphlets of 'failings,. An.. 'me, or postage 3.4. THE ISLE OF MAR STEAMPAOKET COMPANY LIMITED, IMPERIAL BUILDINGS, DOUGLAS;

THROUGH LAICE-LANO TD ISLIt ON DIAN. ' Express .Ser7ice Daily (Sundays excepted) BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 2.0 p.m DOUGLAS to RROW—at 8.30 a.m. Train in connection with eteamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 11.0 a.m. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 23s. Bd. Trains run Third elms and Saloon 'lss. Od. I alongside Third class and Yore Cabln.;ils steamers. S'FBCIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- woo. or vice versa, can ROW be obtained at following fares v-- First-class and Saloon 195.-od. Third-class and Saloon 13s. ed. Third-class Rad Fore Cabin ..... Ss. 6d. The journey may be broken at Grange. Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Pgruess Abbey, or Barrow. INPORTANT NOTICE. —The magnificent new express steamer " DUCHRES OF DRYONSHIRR" Is now on the serviee. There will be EXTRA sailing, every SATURDAY, July 9th to SIINTEII2- BER 3rd in connection with train leaving Warrington at 12.25 p.m.—JAMBS LITTLE k CO., Barrow. -- I

LORD BROS. BIG SALE OF CAPES, COSCUMES, MACKINTOSHES, DRESSES, SKIRTS ke. IS NOW ON, RIDICULOUS PRIORS IMMENCE REDUCTIONS ASTOUNDING !BARGAINS LORD BROS'. 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

L-TOUND THE RIGHT PLACE TO BUY FISHING TACKLB.-100 Worms in Bag and Mess, bd ; Hooke to Gut, 6d and 134 per dozen ; Trout Flies, Is to Is 64 per dozen; Grit Casts, three pkrds,2id,4d, 84, and 94 each , Gut Bottoms with one hook attached, one yard 24. two yards 44, three yards 64 ; Floats, two for Id ;porcupines, Id each; gentles in stock at 3d, 64, and Is per box. WILL CHAMBERS, 25, MARIBT-PLACB, HA/WM:MEM (Ye Old* Fishing Tackle Bhoppe).

I 4.:4 O TAM /MHANTER fI.ND CIRCE CYCLES. MANUFACTURED ET THE LIVERPOOL RUBBER CO., LTD. WORKS—VAUXHALL-ROAD. AND WALTON, LIVERPOOL, Are undoubtedly the best. LIGHT AND RIGID. SUPERBLY FINISHED. ELEGANT AND STRONG. Cash or Easy Payments. Catalogue containing free Insurance Coupon, post free on application. Patentees of the Celebrated Lockfast " Pneumatie tyre and rim. Simplest ha the world to detach. Chief DepOts and Show-rooms 351 NORTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone Nc. 7090. W. HOUND thLUNDERSON, District Manager. 'Estabilsheci a 59. Sole Agent for Warrington : MR. A. STANWAY, 37. Buttermarket Street. Sole Agents for Runoorn : MESSRS. HANDLEY AND BEIM Ironmongers.

THOMAS DOWDALL, 671 RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH CLASS SECOND-HAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER. 1, THE CHEAPEST and MIST HOUSE in the CITY, to purchase good reliable Second-Hand, CARPETS, HEARTH- RUGS, BOOKCASES, CABINETS, DRAWING, DINING, and Bedroom Suites, Writing Desks, Bronzes. Cut-Glass, Old-China, Dinner and Toilet Services. Old Silver, Eleatro Plate, Overmantles.•Tier Glasses, Wardrobes, Toilet Tables, Sideboards, Feather Beds, Hair and Spring Mattresses, Zed- steeds, Dining Tables *O.. do. ANTIQUE FURNITURE A SPECIALITY. SALES •ATTENDED ON COMMISSION. Press opinions say this Establishment is unsurpassed for tyle and Assortment. 'INSPECTION INVITED,

UMBRELLAS I UMBRELLAS 1 I THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE [FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS umBRELLAs Aize SUNSHADES RECOVERED IwNAL, AN Mina 7ROM 3s. 8. T. BRIERLEY, 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

TOBACCO, CIGARS, CIGARETTIS, SNUFFS.. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STREET, MAICHESTHR. Established 65 Tears.

S.P.Q.R. SMALL PRICE! QUICK REMEDY ! ! FOR SICK HEADACHE, BILIOUSNESS, INDIGESTION. NAUSEA, FLATULENCE. BAIRD'S BILIOUS AND LIVER raiz; SPEEDY, SATE. SECURE REMEDY. When in doubt, take a Haird'a Pill. Price Is, lid. Sold by BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS, (Sole Local Agent.), at the Reduced Price of DOriTB, CAM Canaan; (WESTERN). LTD., PROPWITORMS. HEAD OFFICE —NoTTINGIum. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director. Local Addresses 35, BRIDGE STREET, AND MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Also at LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER, BIRMINGHAM, .4c.

ALLAN LINE. TO CANADA and the UNITED STATES. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. B.S. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal Sept. Bth 88. NUM OMAN. for Quebec end Montreal—Sept. 15th e.g. PARISIAN, for Quebec and Montraal...Sept. 22nd e.g. LAURRNTIAN for Quebec and Montreal... Sept. 29th B.S. CALIFORNIAN, for Quebec and Montreal... Oct. 6th e.g. NUMIDIAN, for Quebec and Montreal Oct. 13th Saloon Fares from £l2, End Cabin Ef, Steerage :25 Through Tickets to all points at special rates. CANADA.—Handbooks, ;maps, rates, and Pull particulars free on application to ALLAN BROWSERS & Co., 19, Jame.- at., Liverpool ;or to J.S. GREEN, 34, Bridge-it., Warrington

,- LITIMPOOL AND GLASGOW, calling at GREENOCK, weather and oireum- -4:10 stances permitting OWL AND BEAR. Or other Steamers are intended to sail (unless prevented by some unforeseen occurrence). SEPTEMBER. YEOM LIVERPOOL PROM ORMIGOW Clarence Dock and by train from St. South-West Side. Enoch's, Glasgow N to Greenock at 5.58 p m. Tuesday 6th, 2 p 112 Thursday Bth, 2 pin I Saturday 10th, 6 p in Tuesday 13th, 2 p in ihursday 15th, 9 p m Saturday 17th, 2 p in Tuesday 20th, 1 p m Thursday 22nd. 2 pm Saturday 24th,4 p in Tuesday 27th, 2 p In ORDrIti9V FAREB.—Cabin (single), 10s. ; return (available for two months), 15s. ; steerage, (single) 5.5.; SPECIRL ra9.99,:—Cabln return (available for ten days), 122. 6d. ; Steerage return (available for ten days), 7s. 6d. Through bookings in connection with Cheshire Lines between Warrington, Manchester, and Glasgow and Greenock. Re- turn tickets are available by Messrs. Langland's Liverpool Steasners.—A.pply to Liverpool and Clyde Steam Navigation Company, Limited, C. MAOIVRR & CO., Managers, Albert Square, Manchester. and Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

EUSTANCE AND CO.'S GREAT WATCH, CLOCK, PLATE, AND JEWELLERY SALK IS STILL CONTINUED DIMINO ALTERATIONS. DISCOUNT 10 TO 25 PER CENT. 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON,

THOMAS RIGHT, FIRE AND THIRF-NRSISTING, WROUCIR.O IRON AND STBEIL SAFE MAKER, 3i, MIST-STREET, OFF WINWICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Estimates given. Enquiries invited.

BREWARD AND BAILEY. CHINA EHRellems, SHOP AND RESIDENCE • 45, HORSEMAREET STREET, WARRINGTON. Good Allotted Orates always on band for Shopkeepers.

WARRINGTON minimum AWARD OF GOLD MEDAL AND DIPLOMA. WM. WINSTANLEY, R.P.C., REGISTERED SANITARY PLIILBDER, GLAZIER, GENERAL DECORATOR,. BATHS, CLOSETS, LAVATORIES, AID HOT WATER SUPPLIES Pitted up on the Latest and Moat Approved Principles. Eatimates on Application. 18, PARK PLACE, Near Infirmary, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON EXHIBITION. UK HIGHEST AWARD. GOLD M dDAL AND DIPLOMA. WHITLOW AND DARBYSHIRE, FARMERS' STORES DAIRY, WARRINGTON. THESE MILE TWICE DULY, SKIM MILK TEOW 11 cm. FRESH BUTTER, MADE ON THE PREMISES PROM CREAM ONLY. Cream sold in JARS of various sizes. FRESH EGGS SUPPLIED DAILY.

‘JERgRA" ELjTsn. -- TD pNBGNTDOHNyx SA SLATE IT 11,11 RE zoAND COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOE THE BUXTON LIMB FIRMS Co., Lc, AGENTS FOR ACKBES, WHITLEY & CO., LD., BICHBESHAW COLLIERIES, MUD 077I01': Arpley Station, Warringtoz. Telephone 19, Tel. Address, Arpl67. Warrington. Warrington.

WILLIAM AUSTIN, BASER, FLOUR, CORN AND IPROVISION DEALER, LEGH-STREET, EARLESTOWN, BEST DREAD FINEST MILD CURED BACON AND CHESITIRE CHEESE.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOORS is now being offered by T. CLA.RIE, •• EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOCI( AND BOWDON, LONDON. At a Disoount of 20 per cent or 41, In the Pound.

pILLS. have oHahlitinnveed judratwirine dab:I:I:esti:010:: giving thEEEeiAAArlND:wslißßTt:.'aißßAoali ffs:ToreenieiluifdiremlizLioininntifmital:hledsiengulavhitterevtoll9: EADE'S PILLS. EAD''' E"" pILLS. have recourse to RADII'S PILLS. pILLS. been received from all sorts and pILLS. the wonderful power these -Pills pILLS. worst oases. These Pills are purely vegetable and Perfectly safe in T RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURB THB WORST FORM OF GOUT, EHRUMATISM, RHEUMATIC {MUT, PAINS IN THE HEAD, PACE, AND LIMB% And have the largest reoommendation ever even any Patent Medicine of its olass. GOUT " 16,Burton-ortswent Dewsbury- road. Leeds, May 2nd. 1894. it HE DMA DIM "Dear air,—lt is with unbounded Pleasure I send you a few lines in G"T praise of your most excellent Pills. R ' It is Six years since I fir' t had ' .BuidATISIA Rheumatic Gout, and I bad three months in bed with it. Of course GOUT I had the doctor and he sweated I me down almoth, to a skeleton. R MEUM at ATISH 'The next spring 1 had another tack, and was persuaded by a Gorr ,lriend to try your Pills. I did so, and ant quite sure they prevented it HBO 31 AT 113 M my being laid up again. Ever since. when I have bad the least G'uT pain I have taken 2 Pilla and I have been all again BMN UMA T I SIM directly. I WOULD NOT Ms WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST CNN .POUND A BOTTLE. ..R HE MATU IS M You are quite at liberty to make • what use you lit, of this, and I GOUT shall be pleased ru answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RHEUMATISM me (eueloskag stamped addresio. Wog you every success, Tours truly, ALNNYIT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, GOBWELL-BOAD. H.C. Ask for and be sure you obtain EADR'S 00,UT AND AHRU- HAM PILLS. EADE B 1 11,148

IJNNER THE CLOCK IN BRIDGEiSTREET, WAR TON B`oll GOOD BOOTS.

PETER COTTON. IROPB AND MINH MANUFACTURER. Backing, Colima, Staok-oornero, Netting Curled-hair, Oil Sheets, Am., do. TRIMS and MARQUESS for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, PICNICS, to., Atted complete, 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

"A WONDERFUL WATCH." 50s. A thoroughly reliable &BRAND-MADE SILVER ERG LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled and ittad with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE. HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CARES, well finished and especially adapted to fit fiat in the pocket, "FOR PIP IT SHILLINGS." This wat obis timedto a minnte, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona- de Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same puce, to be obtained only from BUSTANCE AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. W.B, Sent post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, I. receipt of P. 0.0.

DUTTON AND COLYER, 'LAT •UTTOT An) Co. IRONLONGERS and AGRICULTURAL nipLBMBNT AGHNTS. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, all descriptions of AGRICULTURAL IMPLBRENTS on VIRW.

ACCIDENT ASSURANCE. ACCIDENT AND DISEASE ASSURANCE. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY ASSURANCE. FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. Errmmusar.D 1849. CLAIMS PAID £3.860,000. 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. Manchester Once e 64, Cross Street. AGENTS. Warrington Mr. C. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, W.N. RlGBEY,Nessellre, Viateria-rd.,Latetifor3 St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardsbaw.street Inutsford Mr. ALFRED B. CUTTER Bandbach Mr. R. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge

CROSBY AID WALKER, LIMITED. • MANCHESTER CASH DRAPERS. AuTumN SHOW OF FURS, SEAL CAPES, AND COATS, MANTLES, CAPES, COSTUMES, AND COSTUME SKIRT. SPECIAL IST SHOW ON SATWRDAY, SEPTEMBER 10TH. PATTERNS FREE BY POST OF NEW DRESS FABRICS Ac. FUNERALS FURNISHED COMPLETELY. We Close on Wednesdays at I o'clock. 'CROSBY AND WALKER LIMITED. Ea, A 4, BB AND 88, OLDHAM-STREET, MANCHESTER. •

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT,

'THE LEADING CLOTHIERS 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL SPRING: SHOW IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Newest Patterns I Leading Styles I I Popular pricesii THE 11.DX. MEN' SUITS, 18/6 To 50/ EN'S TEOUS ES, 6/6 TO 1-6/6 Ready for Wear I Well Made I I Latest Until I ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.O.D. have purchased very largely, and are enabled to offer an Assortment of nearly 1,000 PATTERNS for this Year's Selections. TROUSERS To MEASURE from 8/6 To 18/6 SUIT TO MEASURE 28/6 601. in High-Class Scotch soar eh' TWEED 3, Blue SERGHS, VICUNAS, WORSTEDS, itc., ac. VALUE UNEQUALLED. THE M.O.D. YOUTHS' AND JUVENILE DEPARTMENTs. TO MEET THE GROWING TRADE The preparations In these Departments have never been surpassed. A LARGER VARIETY than ever of new Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING. THB M.O.D. own Designs. EXTENSIVE DISPLAYS OF YOUTHS' SUITS, All at Wholesale Prices. NO INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. • THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ONE THIRD OFYOUR LIFE IS SPENT IN BED. SLEEP ON ,OUR PURE BEDDING. FEATHER BEDS, 351", WOOL BEDS, 10/91 PILLOWS, 1/3. HAIR MATTRESSS, 39/6. WOOL MATTRESSES. 12/8 100 PEATERE PILLOWS AT Is. Ch. All properly Purified by Chemical Process and GEARANTRED SWEET, CLEAN, AND PIT FOR IMMEDIATE USE. STRONG BEDSTEADS. 138. 1110.WIRB MATTRESS. Fs• BD. BASSINETTES AND MAILCARTS PROM 255. Note the Address LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., HOUSE FURNISHERS, 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

WATCH REPAIRS A SPECIALITY. STOPPING AND TROUBLESOME WATCHES EFFECTUALLY CURED. FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP. All Work Guaranteed for 12 Months. Also Repairs In CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, AND OPTICAL GOODS. JOHN NICOL, 30, BUTTER HARK ET-STREET. WARRINGTON,

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- caret Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SBVIIN SHILLINGS AND SIXPSNOS to FIFTY SHILLINGS. All sires and shapes, including the round and Hall-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards pest free.—RUSTANCR AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. Bstablished 1864. Gr

EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Canister 6d., 10d.. and 11. Bd. each., Wholesale by J. GEDDES AND SON. WARIZINGTOB ESTABLISHED 1833.

jfiontp. MORTGAGES, ail amounts from £2OO to £20,000, at low rate of interest. J. H. HAGUE. Nellie' Buildings, 49, Spring Gardens.. (oorner Fountain-street), Manohester.

£1509000 At from Zi PER CRNT to be ADVANCED on MORTGAGR la 81318 to suit BORROWRRS in any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. Brains, 8, Cook-st., Liverpool, Telephone 6,182.

NO PRELIMINARY riots CHARGED. NTONEY LENT PAIVATELY TO FARMERS, LTA, TRADESMEN, LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS. and Others, In sums of £lO up to law. ON BORROWERS OWN FROMISSORT NOTE at much lower rates than usually charged. Repayments arranged to meet borrowers requirements. NO BILLS OP SALE TAEHN Apply or write for terms to GEORGE PAYNB, Aooonn- tacit, 20. Kennedy-street, Manchester. Established 1870.

CITY AND COUNTY BANK. iu, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHESTER. ADVANCES made to all responsible persons on their own Promissory note. Payable by easy instalments, or In one sum at a Axed period at reasonable rates of Interest from One Month to Five Years. Also on Mortgage of Deeds, Eeyersions,and Ws PoHides, No preliminarr fees eharged.—Apply to ME. RICHARD WOOD, Manager.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. JOIIIIB. GOODWIN continuea to make ADVANCED PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Householders, on their own security. eIONNY TO INCREASE YOUR STUCR. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, en your simple written promise to pay back. Apply at VICTORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), wintrse. welausaroar at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane any Evening. Applications from EIINCORN Fine District generally receive precisely the same attention. Loans in sums of £5, £7, £1), 130, £3O, £BO and upwards.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Once: 38, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5,000 advanced upon personal security, Deeds, Policies. Shares, Au., at the following sealed oharßee :- 210 repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 9d. f. 60 ~ 20s. .. „ £3 6.. 64, £1 00 „ 40g. 9$ £6 16s. od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged if desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal applieitio.a. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 2} to 4 per cent. per annum payable half yearly.

BUSINESS IS BUSINESS and it is very UNBUSINESSLIRB to ruin or jeopardise your BUSINESS for want of a little extra Capital to tide over a difficult time. BUSINESS worked on BUSINESS lines is the only genuine way of doing BUSINESS. MR. W. STEWART, 2, COOPER STREET, MANCHESTER, Has large invested funds and will advance sums to re- sponsible Persons from RIO to £lOOO on proper BUSINESS terms at reasonable interest and any repayments. Advances also on Morgages and Reversions. This Is BUSINESS I STRICT: 1 PRIVATE II I GENUINE I f i f Personal calls or letters reeeive prompt attention.

I EL DIN G'S LIMITED LOAN INVESTRIRNT AND DISCOUNT CO. (Established ever 60 years. LoANB £3 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATR. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Aliment, Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. a repayable 1/8 per wk. I £l5 repayable 7/8 per wk. „ 2/8 „ £2O „ 101- „ £lO „ b/- „ £25 ~ 12/8 Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 8, Satn= 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, Distriot Agent for FIELDING'S LIMITED, 121. MERSEY-STREET. WA.RRINGTONR

NOTM—NO PRELIMINARY PIES MONET—Absolutely without Bill 0 Sale' ?"11eItY, or Fees, from one month to Aye years. TH E NATIONAL MERCANTILE BANK, 3, 1. COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS, 011OSS-STEBET, Established ISM MANCHESTER. Capital. R 200,003. The directors of this well-known old-established Bank are prepared to offer exceptional advantages to all responsible persons in need of temporary assistance. Private and prompt ADVANCES made daily on borrowers' simple promissory note. The amount borrowed may be paid by instalments, or at the end of a stated period. SPECIAL NOTICE.—This Bank clees not charge 1 Preliminary or inquiry fees, and the usual objeotional Loan °Ace routine is entirely dispensed with. Apply in strictest conadnce to Mr. ROBERT JAMES, Resident Manager. NOTM—SPECIALLY RADVANTAGEOUS TEEMS for LOANS on LIFE INSUGANCE POLICIES. /INVERSION and SECOND MORTGAGES. NOTE.—NO PRELIMINA.EY PEES.

THE BRANCO CYCLES 2dABUFACTUBBD BY 1 BAXENDALE k CO MANCHESTER HANOVER-STREET, EDINBURGH. PARADISE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

, 0 _ ',14,41-V; 44•4t# Clint ire II " ism'. - -.elk ,;••• ~f,''' -- ,„e„., . , ' aitiesamwmfamoximffiffsmffal Vi. HOME, HOLIDAY HALF-GUINEA COSTUMES .7,7-•,-: - , , ~...,\;\., , ..,-, . .„p,,.,.., -,,,,,,,, gent by Parcel Post direct from the Largest Firm of Cos- ~,,,„ 3 /,4 ,N\ •tumiers in the World ( Originator. f Half - Guinea ~.2 :3.-04 _ Costumes), and universally admitted to be THE Hu:4IMM as KNOWN VALOIS VOlt MONEY. r_.Z• .Z.% Supplied in the following two good durable liti: . 4 i cloths: L-JOHN NOBLE CHEVT SER weightyc -resisting. IL--JOll ii a, turf aced, ,an o 1 rf dd r lighEter weight. G-24'. gAhItING, smooth '' .:‘, ~.. PATTERNS SENT POST FREE, , ,„-rx..... - ... 0 '''‘,... • C ' together withthe new 84pp.Illustrated Fashion •1. Book for Ladieg and Children, and need not •,, a \ N be returned. Please mention this newspaper , * ' .*• ' ' ''y • A FULL DRESS LENGTH of either/ /a .„....4,i..,.-1 '' ' ..-: \ ' • , , cloth (6 yards 32 inetel wide) for 7/6. /4 U ‘,.'" . --- i , n 1 .. Carriage Bd. ~..-"--0!_,... '‘ " ' .4' \;, of • Electric, Brown, Ruby. Myrtle, Fawn, Grey, erf_,., ~ :;,.:, ~.r. : ~,, .e. '4'llA \ ' ''.,. t • THE THERE WEB IN STOCK are 34,38, andV.,, , /4' '('''' ), 38, 40, and 42 ins. long in front. Any other ,i, If ' /1. /I„i' t size can be spec/all), Made to measure, 116 ex.. , . • ' a. --.--:' ' ~ A i 11 ' _ , ,__ , •i. ,\ „ 1 \ , - '3,,,' RECISTHEI , . JOTIN NOBLE Costume. fl. MODEL 900.—Smart tailor finished open ~,.,,.. ;,,..,/,,, KNOCKABOUT g,', . FROCKS Fon Gnus. Coat and full-wide Skirt. Price complete MODEL VOL-1., Wert bodice, trimmed cial n 1 efaeluge and e costume, 1.0/6. Car-1 njgriage 6d. extra, , , ,‘,/ 3 Made in strong Serge', sleeves nAli- lUf Utary braid. " Skirt alone for 1/6.1 1.1/ U Carriage sd. ;4 , , with saddle - top, /11111 Full wide :'..kilt. Price complete I Supplied also in good stout Drill orPigue 7../ 3 sleeves and pocket. cogume 10/8. Carriage 6d. tkirt 21 24 27 30 33 8639 421ns. alone 6/6. Carriage sd. t' at the same price (Blue, Fawn or White) ~s . l'A or in Covert coating for 13/6 ;or in Mix- '''' 47, „...._ ~, 1/6 2/2/6 8/ 3/6 4/4/6 5/ ea. tore suiting for 18/-. ' Lengths arefrom top of , , neckband to edge of Bankers r ..LOSIDON AND MODEL 684.—Tailor made Mgr e skirt in front.Carrlage MIDLAND" BANK, LTD. Gulx.'s REEFER COAT andfull „ id. extra. Woountgr - wide Skirt. Lengths(in frontian7PriTes : —. -- , , KNITTED CAI,S (a, Kindly mute this dews:- .1 er .t. 30 38 36 39 42 inches. Carriage 6d. , , • _ sketcho/-. All shades. when ordering from- -6/6 7/6 8/6 9/6 XI each. . extra. P BROOK e joHN•NOBLE, LTD., sms33, mANcHEsTEII '4..1

To Mon/um—Mrs. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup has bee for ever fifty years by millions of mothers for their chi drett while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste : It Pro- duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes as bright as a button." Of all chemists 1. lid, per bottlA.— A 'int.

I 13 I S-7, Thw 1' TOOTHACHE AND sonimoA; 4.. NEURALGIA CURL "Is In bottles, Iv. lid., of all Chemists ‘r. or Post Free from Manufacturer, ' Mr. A. B. ROBINSON. L.D.S., R. 0.5., London, Surgeon-Dentist, 29 Seymour-street, Liverpool.

Hints on Cooking Corn Flour. Notwithstanding the wide use of Corn Flour, particularly in summer, as a cool and refreshing Blanc-mange, many fail to bring out its true and delicate flavour. To thoroughly enjoy a Blanc-mange : FIRST.—Make wholly with good sweet milk without any addition of water, and do not use too much Corn Flour. ozs of BROWN & POLSON'S "PATENT" Corn Flour to two riles milk is the right proportion.) SECOND.—BIend the Corn Flour with a little of the milk, bring the rest to the boil, take off the fire, and add the Corn Flour slowly. THIRD.—Then boil well, in fact, boil down to three-fourths of the original bulk, which will take about ten minutes' boiling. To use warm, turn out when cold, and reheat in the oven. FOURTH,—And above all, use only and always the recognised best— BROWN & POLSON'S "PATENT" CORN FLOUR. It is more delicate in flavour and goes further than others. One pound of Brown & Poison's Corn Flour will make twelve one-pint puddings. Thus the cost of the Corn Flour in a pudding is so small, that everyone can afford to have the best. Ask for BROWN & POLSON'S CORN FLOUR —'`PATENT" is their BEST QUALITY—and be sure that you get it.

THE CURSE OF CIVILIZATION and its cure for ninepence, by Dr. Banda' Liver Seeds; or money refunded. The tiniest vegetable seed on earth that will cure you. One seed a dose. One bottle sufficient for any ordinar_y case. 144 seeds lea bottle. New Grand Discovery. Will cure: Constipation. Liver Complaints. Indigestion. Wind on Stomach. Dyspepsia. Nervous Disorders. Sick Headaches. Female Ailments. Kidney Complaints. Pain in Back. Of all medicine dealers at ninepence per bottle, or pose free upon receipt of nine penny Stamps. Sands' Medicine Co., 25 Hart Street, Bloomsbury, London. Mention this paper. 110OPYRK HT.

LANDUDNO,—The CLIFTON BOARDING ESTAB- LA LINIMENT and RESTAURANT close to station and Promenade, good accommodation for cyclists, parties catered for, liberal table ; terms moderate.—Apply K. Joao, Pro- prietress. LONDON. TXTILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, WV 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 71, BOSTON SQUARE. 1:10fga COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS IND QUIET. CENTRAL TOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co., Ltd. Proprietors.

QOUTHPORT.—SLINNYSIDE ,lITDRO, Physician: Dr, BARNADO. Summer and Winter Residence. One of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort ; flue Sea View. near Parks. Pier, and Trams. Terms from 7s 6d per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths. Massage and Galvanism. J. BORCOCK, Proprietor.

MEE BLACKPOOL REISTAIIRANT and CATERING CO., _L 22. Church-street, Blackpool, INVITE APPLICATIONS for Tenders from Large and Small Parties, Choirs, Sunday School Teachers and Scholar.. Mothers' Meeting Treats, or any other assembly. Our tariff is of the very best, at moderate charges. Dining and Tea Rooms are lofty and spacious.—Apply to W. P. PABXEB.

A large stock of Cloth RIMS, new Payments taken patterns from 3s lid. 46 Ild, 5s lid, 6s Ild, 7s 114, as Ild. 9. lid, 10s lid, 111 64, 12s lid, 13. 11d, mast be sold

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLRS SOUTHORN & CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW CA.RPELS, FURNITURE, REUPHOLSTERING, or REMAKING of OLD BEDDING. Au. Designs and Patterns Seat on Application, Note Address,—CHARLES SOUTHORN A CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, BASNETT-STREST, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 6367.

We have a large stock of Parlour Payments taken and Kitchen renders. Fire Irons and Brasses, on sale cheap

Note the Address 59, AND 61, CHURCH-STREET.

W. EDWARDS, SHOP. OFFICF, AND HOTEL FITTER. JOINER, AND SHOP FRONT BUILDER, 83, VICTORIA-STREET, LIVERPOOL. SHOPS FITTED COMPLETE FROM RIO TO £5OO NEW AND SECOND-HAND FIXTURES AND FITTINGS ALWAYS IN STOCK. ESTIMATES BEE IN TOWN OR COUNTRY.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs ORMEROD, late Mrs Smith, Bank Cot- tage 40 Chapel-st., opposite the Central Pier, and very central to all places of amusements. Terms very moder ate with or without board. Piano.

BLAORPOOL.—Mrs DUXBURY, Homely Cottage, 17, Bairstow-st, (near Foxball Hotel) Comfortable lodg- ings ; one minute's walk from sea, and very central to all places of amusement. Terms very moderate Piano

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED BEG to inform their former patrons and the Pah- lie generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE 761 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGSVILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS & CUFFS AND LADIES' AND CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one Importuned to BUT. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. OHN,WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. HOWNSETRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 106, HOPIS STREET, GLASGOW, 63, Nitw STREET, BIRMINGHAM, HANETTILLS FACTORY, BALLYMERZ.

DON'T WASTE MONEY l By Purchasing unnecessarily large packets of Seeds when a smaller quantity will suffice. BIDDLES AND CO., THE PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY, LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE, 3,000 VARIETIES 3,000 Vegetable and Flower Seeds are supplied by as in ONE PENNY packets, and every one of the very best quality in eonveniently small quantities. --- PRESS OPINIONS. " We eannet but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet System) "ii here propounded."—" Peter- borough Standard." "An elperienee of several years justifies the pronouncing et the quality of seeds as equal to that contained in larger and ingte costly packets."—" Newcastle Chronicle." "The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and ethers who desire to make their gardens look bright dun i 0 g the coming season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horticultural Times." LIST OF VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE. ' Our COMPLET ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, contain lug Lists of Vegetable and Flower Seeds, Bulbs, Roses, 1 Hardy Plants, ha., with descriptions and cultural directions, I and 600 Illustrations, the whole forming a complete garden Guide, gratis and post free.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS DIRECT FROM THE MAHER, HARR OP'S 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. RAMP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTEs HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASsINETTHS HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTBS HARROF'S FOR BASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETS HARROP'S FOR HASSINETTES HARROP'S FOR BASSINETTS CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE HARROP'S, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTO/..

G. H. & H. M. JACKSON, PAWNBROKERS, 59, 611 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON, DAVE A FEW SPECIAL LOTS JUST FORFEITED.

PARLOUR WITH comprising Payments taken Lady and Gent's Easy and four small chairs upholstered in brown £6 10S. OD. cloth, really cheap

Splendid SIDEBOARD, 6 feet Payments taken long, 6 feet 9 inches high, strong and £5 10 well made, We are selling at S. On. Worth Seeing

Splendid Regulation CLOCK, Payments taken capital timekeeper. Must be seen. very Moe piece of furniture. Our 395. 6D, price

Large stoek of Parlour and Bed. Payments taken room SWING GLASSES, in dark 43. 11D. and light frames. From

G. H. and H. H. Jackson begs to Payments taken announce to his Customers and the Public that he to about to stcrt his b.dcitng club. Splendid pair of BLANERTS, 1 pair large Sheets and 1 large Quilt, only 1.75. 6D

MILNER'S SAFE, Burglar-proof Holdfast Bands, list 3 two drawers; powder-proof locks ; cost new £45 my price £2l Iwo smaller £l3 65 —Euwl.ans, 83, Victoria street Liverpool.

VRBTWORK, Carving, Designs. Materials, lists free ; catalogues, 2,800 illustrations 9d.—lfitrarr =Lim AND Co., 19 and 21. Wilson-street, Fin 'bury, London. ovimi 881' OF BABY CLOTHES, beautifully made J 1.4 and trimmed, 'unused, 80 articles ; will sell for 30s.— Mrs. WILFRED Max, 14, The Chase. Nottingham.

EARIMENWARB and China.—Seconde £2 crate: Basta £3; or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17e. 6d. ; write for ists.—WEßß AND CO., Staffordshire Potteries, Longton„

MilN troubled with PIMPLBS, BOILS, Nervousness Loot Vigour and General Peeling of Weeklies', should try Br. WlLn's Pmts. Post free Is lid and 2. 9d., froze Dams, M.P.S., Penistone.

O'BRIBN'S Celebrated BILLIARD TABLES and Patent Cushions are the best and cheapest. Tables Re-Cushleued and Be-Covered.--4. O'Barzw, lawns BILLIARD WORICS, Bridge-street, ?danehester.

WET NOT WRITE to-day for Easy 9111.9 MEASURE- MIST FORMS, lad get your Clothing at grit oast P SUITS friar 225. gd„ TROUSERS, 6s. 94. Oaly a pOltalrd, ramiTox Boos., Atlas Works, Jackson-street, Daby.

44HOW TO INSURE HBALTH."—On the Laws Govern- ing Llte. and the Causes, Symptoms aid Treatment et all Diseases depending en Nervous Dehllitv, Mental and Physical Depresstm, Palpitation of the Heart. Noises in the Mud and Ear. Sent post tree two stamps.—Muesna. Bintnui Awn 00.,41, Loosdale-square, Thornhill-read, London. N. x

" d /ARDEN NETTING."—Good and strong. well oiled and k.A dressed, mesh made to keep smallest bird, from Buds, llamas, and Seeds in the ground. Prioe 100 by 1 yard wide, 3s. 2 yards wide. 65.; 3 yards wide, Ss. Carriage paid erdersover Si. in value. Any length and width sup- plied; ass in the Royal gardens.—A. POTTER. Wolverhamp ton.

DROTECT YOUR GARDENS from RAVAGES of BIRDS. .1. —TANNED NETTING. 35 square yards for Is. Will not rot if left out ha all weathers ; send any width ; carriage paidlon all orders over Si. As supplied to the Royal Gardens. Seat on approval. Hundreds of testimonials. Common netting, 50 yards for l..—From HENRY J. Gamest, Garden Net Works, Eye, Sussex.

ASTOUNDING OFFAR.—Te people of this (Jonaty. As as advertisement far one mouth to the first 200 apply- ing we will supply our noted Gentleman's blue or black Serge Lounge Suit fer business wear at the low price of 13s. 3d. car- riage paid : valued by experts and customers at 40/-• Send postcard for free patterns and tape measure, which YOU can keep, He are fair traders and will keep our word. We At any size gentlensau up to 46 chest, samelprice 13s. 3d. The 'bigger the better." Don't miss this great chance. Cut this notice out and get a postcard and address it to -WARD'S Vi Clothing Company, Gatealzead-on-Tyne, England, N. Re- Uhl' shed 1230. x

I ENTS I TENTS I I —Suitable for Gardens. Cricket, or Camping-out purposes. 40 feet in circumference, pegs, pole, mallet, and lines complete (with tent bag included). These tents are white, and have only been used a little by Her Majesty's Government, and originally cost over £5 each. I will send one complete for 255. Can be sent on approval. N. 8.—1 have a quantity of tents from 15s to 20s each, but the tents which please my customers are those I send out at 251 each, Carriage paid. Price List of marquees (say sire) post free. I DO NOT REQUIRE PAYMENT TILL YOU HAVE RECIIIv ED AND APPROVED OF THE TENT.— Prom H. d. %AMON. Government Contractor, Rye.

TENTS.—Cost the Government over £6 each. Made of Pure White Waterproof Linen, 'lamely. used. 40ft circumfer- ence, 10ft high, with poles. pegs. rtinne,e, lines, mallet, and bag, ie. Including the very latest improvements to stand all climates and weather; very adaptable for cricket, tennis , bathing, fishing, camping-out. lawns, boating parties, &a.; au complete and ready for use. Price 30s. each. carriage paid ; these are all picked tents and are as good as new ; SPecial quotations for three or more ; can be sent on approval; two supplied Buckingham Palace ; catalogues of marquees free ; also genuine testimonials for reference. ARMY GROUND RUBBER SHEETS. 61tby 3ft ; indispensable when camping out, es each ; can be used with the tents.—A. POTTER, Tent Manufa3turer, M9lbourlle Works, Wolverhampton. Maker to the Queen and Prince of Wales.

260 PRE CASH PRIZE COMPETITION.—Isr PRIZE, £25; END PRIZE, £2O: 3eas PRIZ £lO ; tra PRIZE, £5. The above Money Prizes will be given away as an Aaver- ' tisement amongst the Competitors who re-arrange the following letters, viz. : TUBREIIC %MIER, ROCEGR, PA RDER, to represent the names of four well-known Trades. Send in your solution at once, and we will inform you if correct, and give you full details of the Competition with conditions and date of closing. If you cannot solve all four do as many as you can, as there are four Prizes to compete for. No solution can be received : after October 17th, ISM TUB LONDON FOUNTAIN PEN CO., 1174 SEVEN SISTERS-ROAD, LONDON, N.

PUB CANADIAN RUBBER SPECIALIST will forward .1 on receipt if two stamps a price list of rubber appliances of every description. Best quality.—Apply 117, NEwPowr. STREET, BOIEO/1.

GOOD WEILSH COB ON SALE, aged 5 years, steel grey, suit lady or gentleman. Very quiet, works in all harness. Price 0.5.—J. K. REID, Correction Farm, Middle- wood, High-lane, near Stockport.

TO PORK BUTCHERS—te be meld goodwill and fixtures _I. of PORK and TRIPE shop—in busy neighbourhood, good house /and large yard attached, no reasonable offer sefused.—Apply, 8, BEAUMONT-STRIET,LOCIgehIaIIe, Liverpool. TT MAY, Fish Merchant, Hull, will give to customers _11.• ordering from him next week One Stone of Best FINNIBS for nothing. Mixed Fish, is. per atone; Headed Haddocks, is. Cheapest man in the trade; satisfaction guaranteed.

EIXORPTIONALLY Good Litter COLLIE PUPPIES;Cham• ..124 pion Southport Perfection, Champion Ringleader's strain, sable and white ; black, tan and white ; prices, moder- ate ; on vlew.—BosTouw, Beech Villas, Streetfold, Moston- lane, Moston, Manchester.

JiR. GALEN'S FAMOUS OINTMENT. The Great Germ!. side; auras Eczema, Vicars, Bad Legs, and all trouble- some Skin Diseases. Large pots Is. and Es. 3d. post free. Address, Tie PHARMACY, Platt Bridge, Wigan. Sample box free, by post, penny stamp. Please mention this paper.

910 BE SOLD.—Farnworth. near Widnes.—The extensive 1. Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co., with Machinery and 24,420 square yards or Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other Works requiring speoe.—Address J. Homan}, 16, Fenwiok-street, Liverpool.

MOW IS THE TIME TO BUY good sound reliable ii WATCHES at wholesale prices. Eickel Silver Keyless Watches. jewelled movements 6s 6d; Lever Watches, full plate, jewelled movement, in strong white metal cases. per- fect imitation re9l Silver, 10s 6d ; streng, superior sterling Silver watches, plate, fully jewelled, 259 ; all post free.—A. BRIDGER, Widen Manufacturer, High-st., Godstone.

TOPICTURE-FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. IfMORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbury, W.C. Cheapest House I London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame andßoomix Moulding. Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings, /cc. Wholeale Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. Regilding. Spescial attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just pub- lished, 107 pages containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram Ela as, Br, London."

pITTS'S LONDON-ROAD. MANCHESTER THE RENOWED GENERAL FURNISHERS. LARGEST AND BEST SELECTED STOCK. CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE KINGDOM. PITTS'S FOR DINING-ROOM FURNITURE. Ameri- can Walnut Suite. in morocco and hair, cost 38 guineas, for £lB 10s; another in brows oak, equal quality, 16 guineas ; similar suite in Spanish mahogany, grand bar- gain, £l6 10e, cost £45 ; special complete Dining-room, In American walnut; Suite, upholstered in rieh Utrecht velvet ; sideboard, with bevelle i glasses, cupboards, drawers, ac.; telescope table, overmantle, carpet, fender, and brasses com- plete, for 30 guineas, worth at least 60 guineas. This bargain should not be missed, as the same opportunity may never occur again; another equally good value in brown oak, for 27 guineas ; similar in Spanish mahogany for 32 guineas. Grand Dining-room Suite, in best • Arabian saddlebags, beautifully mounted with rich long-pile Utrecht velvet, includes couch, pair of luxurious Divan easy chairs, and the small chairs, forming a really serviceable suite, price 16 guineas, cost 38 guineas ; another quite as good value, for 13 tininess ; one at 10 guineas. Special attention is directed to this magnificent suite in saddlebags, including handsome settee, two large club Divan easy chairs, and 12 (or six) padded-back single chairs, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed), cost 60 guineas not six months since, will take 32 guineas ; another grand Suite, 25 guineas ; also one slightly soiled for 18 guineas, worth double. Sideboards, Table, Overmantels, in oak, walnut, mahogany, in endless variety, and at all prices. DITTS'S FOR DRAWING-ROOM FURNITUR nificent assortment of Suites in Chippendale,inla id rose- wood, walnut (Italian and Circamica), covered in rich silks, satins. brecatellas, Genoa velvet, plush tapestry. /to., from b guineas up to 60 guineas. Exquisite Suite,artistic in design and finish solid rosewood. beautifully inlaid, upholstered throughout with curled hulr,and Genoa velvet; Overmantels, ' Cabi et, occasional, wine, and card tables,all inlaid to match. Carpet, rug, Brass Fender and Brasses,Clock and Ornaments, the complete room for 90 guineas,worth double, or any article will be sold separately. Other rooms complete for 60 guineas. 30 guineas, down to 22 guineas. Suite, gent, cost 50 guineas. Pitts's price 20 guineas. Pianos in rosewood and walnut, by good makers, from 15 to 60 guineas. Parlour and sitting-room Suites, from £4 15s. Just note this sitting room complete for nine guineas. Has suite in solid mahogany and hair or leather, containing Couch, two Easy and Small Chair, Side- board. Table, Carpet and Fire Brasses. PITTS'S FOR BEDROOM FURNITURE, unequalled in quality by any house in Manchester. Majestle 7ft. Wardrobe, superbly carved, fitted and lined complete, large bevelled glass door, cupboard, Ac., pair of handsome Toilet Tables, with fine marble top, and containing every conveni- ence ; Pedestal Towel Rail, and Chairs, complete. cost 130 guineas, for 50 guineas ; also similar Suite, with fift Wardrobe or 40 guineas ; American Walnut Suite, large Wardrobe, fully enclosed ; Dressing Table, Washstand with marble slab, Pedestal Towel Rail and Chairs cost 70 guineas, for 30 guineas ; another for 35, Innumerable Suites in ash, mahogany, walnut, satin walnut, birch, 30., to choose from. Entire contents of Bedroom for £7 10s, worth £l4 ; contains Wardrobe, pair of Toilet Tables, Chest of Drawers, Pedestal Cupboard, Towel Rail, three Chairs, and Toilet Glass, brass-mounted Bedstead. Mattress, Wool Bed, Bolster, and two Pillows, Carpets, Fender and Toilet Ware, all complete ;largest and finest array of Bedsteads anywhere ; massive all-brass Bedstead, with spring mattress, bed, bolster and pillow, £6 104 worth £l2; brass-mounted Bedsteads, spring mattress and wool mattress, all full size and best quality, for £2 its; hundreds to select from. Immense stock of second-band and new Toilet Ware, from Is ficl to £5 per set ; real hand-painted set for 124 6d. -111DITTS13 HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 151, 22i, 28i, En, 50, 75, up to 1,500 guineas are still unrivalled not only for the Quantity of Goods, but more especially for the Quality, and should be seed by every young (ample desirous of obtaining the Utmost Possible Value for their bard-earned money. DITTS'ft FOR CARPET AND FLOOR COVERINGS.- 1 All British made. Largest, best and cheapest stock. TIITTS'S PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, LamPs, China, Glass, Earthenware. Magnificent display In Show Windows, which are 250 feet long. DITTS'S FOR OFFICE AND LIBRARY FURNITURE-- 1_ Every description of Bookcases, Becretaires, Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes, Copying Presses, at about half city prices. Beet selection and utmost valuta at SAM CUL PITTS. Established 1845, LONDON-ROAD (Close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just through South Junction Railway Arch. Ardwick, Longsight, and Belle Tina Cars pass the Door.

66 ior OW TO ENSURE HEALTH." —A medical work giv 1 1 lug Prescriptions and Instructions for the care of- all kinds of Debility; post free two stamps. Address Messrs. BABREa, 48, Lousdale Square. Barnsbury, Lou. don, N.

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Ner—ous and Physical Debility should send for a value 'e pamphlet explaining how all nervous and organie arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy Ind pleasant. and will effect a perfect and permanent sure. bent sealed, poet free. Address— B. NORTON, 69, d 60 Ohanoery Lane, London, W.O. Bstablished 30 Years.

FREE TO MEN. When yen are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good. but only ruin your digestive organs write to me and I will send you a ok which describes a QUICK AND CONTAIN cure for lost strength. wasting weakness, &a., from whatever muse arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELEC- TRICITY. Sent in envelope on receipt ot two stomps for Postage. A. J. Lucia, 1192-93. Great Ruesell-str et. London. W.O

CAUTION.—BEIYARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CANTION.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. Cowls noWill was, undoubtedly, the inventor of " CHLORODYNN " and that the story ef the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to Say had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNS CHLOBODYNB "on the Qovernment Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE NIANUFACTURERa s—J. T. DAVIINPOST, 33, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, London From Dr. 13. J. POULTON AND CO., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne moor Practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct,Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Induces feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Bari Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet, Ist December, 1864.

RENOWNED NON TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONAITIM, CosSIMPTION, TOWLE'S VHLORODYNE ASTHMA, Swims, &o. OWLE'S CHLORODYNE TOW LL'S CHLORODYNE 134 d. per Bottle. A. P. Tonzat MiNacasTEß.

REMNANT SALE OF FRENCH AND ENGLISH DRESS MATERIALS. GEORGE HENRY LEE • AND Co., LTD., BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, WILL OFFER 3,000 REMNANTS AND ODD DRESS LENGTHS OF VARIOUS PLAIN AND FANCY MATERIALS Left over from the SEASON AND CLEARANCE SALE. These are all of a Fashionable and Useful Character, and among them are pieces suitable for CHILDREN'S FROCKS, PELISSES. LADIES' BLOUSES, SKIRTS AND DRESSES FANCY WORK AND DECORATIVE PURPOSES. The Materials include : AMAZON CLOTHS, BENGALINES, POPLINS, NAVY SHRUBS, COLOURED ERRORS, CASHMERES, TWEEDS AND COATINGS, SILK AND WOOL MIXTURES, GAUZES AND GRENADINES, VELVETEENS, ALPACAS, NEWS CLOTHS, Re. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., LTD., B ASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL

TO THE DEAF. WE BEG TO INFORM OUR READERS THAT A SPECIMEN COPY OF THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE DEAF, WHICH IS NOW ENLARGED TO EIGHT PAGES, AND ILLUSTRATED, IS FORWARDED FREE TO EVERY ONE WHO APPLIES FOR IT. This important medical publication deals with complaints of the Ear, Larynx, Throat, and Nose, and fully explains the rational and scientific mode of treatment employed by the Drouet Institute for the cure of Inch eoreplaints. It also gives particulars of a large number of remarkable cures which have been effected in long-standing cases of a serious nature. The persual of THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE DEAF will prove of the greatest interest to those suffering from Deafness and affections of the larynx, throat, and nose, and it will also be consolatory to sufferers who have hitherto despaired of that relief which the Dronet system of treatment now offers. ADDRESS THE MANAGER. THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE DEAF, 72, REGENI'S PARK ROAD, LONDON, N.W.

INTARRINGTON.— BABY linen and DRAPERY Business, old-established ; principal street ; owner retiring,— Apply Mr. R. LOWE, estate agent, 1, Bank-street, Warring- ton,

I IVERPOOL.—Yo FISH, GAMS, and POULTRY 1J DEALERS. Finest position in Lodge-lane ; well fitted up; good connection. 'This is genuine—Hind:Km, 154, Lodge-lane, Liverpool.

USIEST thoroughfare in IdANCHESTBR. PROVI- 1/ SION BiISINBSS, established 15 years. Two excellent windows. 31nergetio man can take £lOO per week.-168, Medloek-street, (5 doors from Stretford-road.)

IMPORTANT SALE OF HIGH-CLASS SIGN BD PROOF ETCHINGS AND ENGRAVINGS. MR. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION on MONDAY NEXT, and four following days, within his Mart, 37, Corporation-street, ssanehester. at 11 each day, a Brilliant and Recherche Collection of High-class Artist Proof Etchings and Eni,,raYings—Catalogues on application.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, AND VALUER. Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET. WARRINGTON. Telephone No. E 5. Cash advanced on Goods Deposited for Sale. New and Second-hand Furniture and other Goods con- stantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited. Furniture, La., warehoused.

BOYS' AND GIRLS' MACHINES. THE FAMOUS JUVENILE MACHINE KNOWN AS THE RIDGPIELD Is the finest Juvenile Machine in the market being built In exact fan-simile of a first-class high grade Machine, ball bearings tin Jughout, brake, mudguards, best weldless steel tubing, pneumatic Tyres. thickly plated and enamelled yellow or black rims, seivet.bandles, pump, flo. In three sixes 22, 24, and 26 inch wheels. PRICE £6 15s. OD. What the Cycling papers sav : " The Wheeler "—First-class line. " Football and Cricket News '—Handsome and Excellent "Birmingham Daily Post "—Dainty, Cheap and Good, "Sports "—Excelleat. " Cyclers News "—Suit those in search of good machines. " Scottish Wheelet "—Well constructed and cheap. " Scottish Cyclist "—Neatly designed and well finished. " Irish Cyclist "—Glad to note their beautiful construction. WORKS: 18 Arm 2), MULBERRY-STREET, BEHIND BRAZENNOSE-STREE e. ALBERT SQUARE, MANCHESTER, Sent direct on receipt of Post Order or Cheque. Guaranteed 12 months. Special terms to Purchasing Agents. AGENTS WANTED.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNS CHLORODYNB. TNT ORIGINAL AND ONLY 41111111 NI. ri.HLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to V be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever its- ' covered. CiILORODYNE is the best rowdy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis sad Asthma. nIILORODYNE effectually checks and arrests V those too often fail diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. CHLORODYNS acts like s charm in Diarrhoea and the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attackt. of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CHLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural Elk Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis

JAMES TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STR HET WARRINGTON. (Close to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out horses, cows. Ac. removed any distance up to 15 miles on the shortest notice. BLOOD AND BONE MANURES IN PINE POWDERY CONDITION Always on hand, Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION. SCRAP IRON, METAL, and everything connected with Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YABD, LONGFORD. ESTABLISHED 1870.

THE EXAMINER. SEPTEMBER 2nd, IBM.

COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. COOPER AND Com TEAS. COOPER AND cO.'S TEAS. THE BEST VALUE OFFERED. COOPER AND Cos TEAS. COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS. COOPER AND Co.'s TEAS. THE PERFECTION OF QUALITY. LBADINGE PRICES. 1/2, 1/4, 1/6, 1/8 St 1/10 FEB LB. Fully Detailed Price Lists Free. Central Warehouses— GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON, Local Branch :- 4, BUTTERNIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

' DR. scorrs Plus Contain the finest drugs that can be procured DR. sconvs pILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depress on. DR. scon's p LIB Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. DR. scons pus Strengthen and Invigorate the whole Nervous System. DR. scon's PILLS The Best FamilylAperient Medicine and Blood Purified. DR SCOTS pus Ca be taken at any time without danger from wet or cold. DR. scows pus Are prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SEYMOUR PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine Instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped in a square green package

Ebe "examiner" Oates; OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY bravisr•lvEar. comprises HE Trgrringtott and MU-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. TIRE Earlestown and Newton .Examiner, published L every Friday afternoon. r rim St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday 1 afternoon. I r rHE Runcorn Examiner, published every Fri- -1 day morning, and rIPHE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday _ll_ morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os 6d. ... Is. 3d. 2s. Od 27 Os. 94. ... Is. 104. ... 31. Od. 36 ls 601. ... 2s. 64. „. 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ss. Od. 64 ls. 6d. 3s. 84. „. 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insert on.

s,it ov"lir--1 t i Ii _. .i-1.-ll‘ 1 .... ......4 • 1 kii li t 1 '. /: ' 'i • lb" ' 1.,. • ',of : .11-1,,,,,,,,0,,:t‘....,..,,‘ t I, 1 t, , 4 :\ •••r \1,../ li ' ' 0 _ ..:--- 11. Ili iIIII, • . , NY! ~ ~ `‘,...t7 1 iip i it 1 ' ' ' oli IS/WY\ \ \ / • 1 jI ' 1 \ 111\1\1i$11111 , \ 1,1, , , J, ~ )N nil.il goili„ 1 ..,,,,‘O.l . 4411o,„.1,1 \ ' k 1 111111) !ill li c, \ i 1 I -N ' .' At ~.." , Of late years many new manufactgres,rejoicing in a multipli- _ITZ. city of names, have been brought before the public notice, but there are none which have bounded into favour so readily as has Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa. Throughout the country its sales have increased with great rapidity, and an article which only a few years back was unheard of, has now become one of the most popular beverages of the people. loii,,ii '1 i 4:„.„ • 9 5., c' - . , 1,,', • ~, AM I 6d., 9d., and is. ed., can be obtained from all Chemists,Groeers and Stores, or from Dr TIBIgAES, VI-COCOA,' Limited, 6q, 61 and 62, Bunhill Row, London,E.C. As a test of its merit, a dainty Saapple Tin of Dr. TIBBLES' VI-COCOA will be sent free on application to any address, if when writing (a postcard will do) the reader will name the Warrington" Examiner." ,

MUNYON SAYS: OLD FASHIONED METHODS OF DOSING WITH DEADLY DRUGS MUST GIVE WAY TO HIS NEW HUMANE SYSTEM OF CURING DISEASE. • More Testimony from Grateful Sufferers. ' RHEUMATISM PILLS WORTH THEIR WEIGHT IX GOLD. Mrs: Jane Jackson, of 104, Prince-street, Ardwiekt Manchester, siys : " My son has Ismu a great sufferer from rheumatism. For thirteen wi evs he was sr: Ir from his work and under the doctor's care, but nothing seemed to do him any good. At last he heard of Mane yon's Rheumatism Cure and obtained a bottle. TD! change effected was simply wonderful. Two bottles 0; the little pills entirely cured him, and enabled him W return to his work. Ho considers them worth tbeiN weight in gold." OLD FASHIONED ME rHODS SWEPT ASIDE. Professor Munyon's progressive ideas and wonderful success have won th husande of c inverts to his nes/ Methods. His office is crowde I daily with obstinate and Chronic cases, brought to teat th r new system of treat-. ment. Every case brought to Professor Munyon receives! careful atteurion. Thorough m -idlest examination sad advice for all kinds of disease absolutely free, personalll or by letter. Munyon's Remedies are sold by all Chem'sts, at most4l one Shilling per vial, or they will be sent by mail peg free on receipt of Postal Order. Write name and address plainly. All communications should b 3 addressed to Muayog,l Horncepathic Homo Re nedy Company, 121 and 12" Shaftesbury-avenue, London, W.C.

COMFORTI CLEAELINESS AND CO , FOLLOW Tint USX or A ,•*-;, At... Dr. PAUL'S WHITEI '-•-.- PILE OINTMENT. ' Gives ease at once and effectually rerniWO Pries, Cracks, Fissures and. UkoratiDnn. r • In bones 2./- & 2/6 each. Post freeli2s al"' . • el• . . nruu 84 CO 49, BLAcKFßimiiimin .1 LONDON. LEI

t. THE NEW LEMONADE. 2 GALLONS FOR 40. 531 y People suffer from extreme thirst during the iltunmer. Messrs. Foster Clark and Co. with their EIFFEL TOWEI: LjADE have supplied a want tht liis so long been felt. ELFFEL TOWER LEMONADE is made from the finest lemons, and the greet advantage Is that it is partly Manufactured in Italy. In the midst of the lemon erchards. The 1-mons are taken direct from the es to the factory to commence their transform. tlon into the EIFFEL ToWER LTPMoNADE. You cat. get thirty-two tumblers (or two gallons) for ..7.t enee nanpenny. Of all Grocers, or a sample will sent free for six stamps. G. FOSTER CLARK & CO, No. 594. EIFFEL TOWER FACTORY MaidstOrke.

JOHN CHORLEY, IRON AND STEEL MERCHANT, EUTTEUMLRKET-STRET AND SCOTLAND-ROAD. WARRiNUTON. Agent for the PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON CO. , LTD,, and The 0 UNBREAKABLE" P LUNY and MILL GEARING CO., LTD., MANCHESTER. Cat Arms Sprino and Axles. 'Tyre Hoops, all sizes, Vices: Bellows, Nails, screws. Bolts and Chains .7... descriptions Spades and Shovels, Files and Rasps, Ran- water Pipes and Gutters, this, Paimts, and Colours, Gal Vaaised Corrugated Sheets, lioc.fing Felt, &c., Forgings and Sh ding aia2_,i Pulleys. ROBERT P. IN-_ER AND SONS, NURSERY AND SEEDSMEN, 11, BASNETT STREET, AND AIGBURTII NURSERY, GRASSENDALE, LIVERPOOL. TENNIS COURTS, BOWLING GREENS. &c. Pure Evergreen Dwaif Lova Grass Seeds. 1. PER Lb, 84s. PER CWT. CARRIAGE PAID. ...This is our Special Mixture of the very finest DWARF Weeds, GRAsS SEEDS, pen f ctly free from Seeds of Weeds, same as sown by us on our lawns round the Groups tit Evergreens. Tiees, and Shrubs, for which we were Warded the GOLD MEDAL, LIVERPOOL EXHIBITION, 1886, And which, from their emerald green colour and fineness, gained the admiration of all visitors. We supplied last Demon with the greatest satisfaction to all Lawn Grass Seeds for nearly two hundred apes. NEW, PURE, AND RELIABLE. LOWER AND VEGETABLE SEEDS At the Lowest Prices for Best Quality.

tqIIPORATIONT OF DIE i)ITY OF MAg CHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE liele from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISII, &c., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 100 miles. 3444p1y strictly limited. Orders shoulii be given Sly in the season to prevent dis,ppointment. Full particulars from Dj,CALLISON, Indoor and4Estates Super- intendent, Cleansing DepArtment, Town Hall, Manchester. Or to Mr. B. ALDRED. Stamford-rd., Altrincham. 17 H. NEWTON, West Derby. Liverpool, "`" 4. B. O.i.LLAND. Brookfields, Baddiley. neat Nantwich.

110 CHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. 400 PING COUGH The celebrated efrectua4 .400 PING COUGH cure without internal 400 PING COUGH medicines. Of all Chemists pric 1100 PING COUGH 48. per bottle. Sol 'Wholesale Agents RONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157 Queen Victoria Street CROUP London. JOCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION

WILLIAM WINSTANLEY, R.P.C. R- EGISTERED SANITARY PLUMBER, GLAZIER AND GENERAL DEC:ORATOR, 13, PARK-PLACE, WARRINGTON, BEGS to intimate to his Numerous CUS- TOMERS and the Public generally that he has Issirchased the BUSINESS suceessfully carried on for puny years by Mr. JOHN HEDGOOCK at King- „.ltreet and 17, Mill-street, as Plumber. Glazier, -rainter, laasfltter, too., where he hopes, by being L'lcire centrally situated, to further extend his /Mines', and to merit a further share of the public wronage. 111,1" A Good STOOK of the latest Sanitary Appli- -7.2e• ; also a Choice Selec Lou of wall papers and -..asarations will be constantly on hand. ESTIMATES GIVEN for all Classes of Plumbing and Decorating.

SPECIAL LADIES' AND GENTS] MACHINES, £8 lss, TO £lO 10S. 11ANT HOWE CENTS' CYCLES £l2 lOs RiRW HOWE LADIES' CYCLES £l2 15s. 0 .T.,..;XCELSIOR GENTS' CYCLES £l3 Os ..p.-nXCELSIoR LADIES' CYCLES £l4 Os .ItPREMIER GENTS' CYCLES £l4 Os ..k.rPItEMIER LADIES' CYCLES £l4 OS. 441 RW RAPID GENTS' CYCLES £l6 10s. Navy RAPID LADIES' CYCLES £l7 10s. UR WINDOW DISPLAY J. S. GARLAND, CYCLE FACTOR, 511 53 55 BRIDGE STREET, WA REIN GTO N.

OUR CIIAINLESS SAFETY IS THE MARVEL OF THE TRADE. REND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST. ()EH DM PATTERNS ARE NOT TO BE BEATEN, both for Quality and Finish. INSPECTION INVITED. CYCLES at prices to suit all Pockets. Don't risk life and limb by buying rubbish, but Purehase a RELIABLE MOUNT direct from the Makers IX the Highest Reputation. LIBERAL CASH DISCOUNT Or GRADUAL PAYMENTS. QUADRANT CYCLE Co., LTD., 69, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

RAILWAY.. TIME TABLE. SEPTE USER FROM WARRINGTON Acton Bridge-7 10, 730 8 12, 10 20, 1 5,2 55, 5 20, 50, 7 21, Sundays 10th a.m. Altoix and Hillhouse-7 12 8 31, 014. a 3 19,a 40 a 90, a? . Sun lays 936. 2 5,9 3. a Stops ii required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 3 0.83 23, 7 10,7 35, 950, 10 40, 120, 1 00. 2 35,3;20, 5 20, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 0.10 16, 4 5 11 35, a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only, Birmingham (Midland)-6 6. 9 59, 11 58, 1255, 3 20, 5 0 6 55.11 52. Sundays 11 45. 4 25, 515 p.m Blackburn -5 29. 5 45, 835. 955, 11 41 1 15, 2 40, 6 48, 850 Sundays 843,60. Blackpool-5 29, 5 45, 835, 956, 11 0,12 25,1 15,2 40,3 50 4 51, 6 48, 7 17, 8 50, 9 4J. Sundays 2 37, 8 43. 6 0. Bolton-5 45,8 :5,10 23, 12 £4,1 15,3 33,3 35,4 23, 6 53,7 17 9 20, 6undays 8 43 a.m.' 5 15. 8 28, p.m. Carlisle-2 35 am, 7 47,9 55.11 40.14 25,2 15, 348 6 48. Sun- days 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 37,8 17,9 5,10 23,11 47,1.2 25, 1 18, 1 40,2 10,3 13 14 22,5 11,6 4. 7 42, 10 14, 1132. Sundays 10 36,7 45,11 32. I Collins Green-7 5, 8 10, 9 25, 10 10, 12 7, 1 15,3 30. 520. 6 58,7 8, 926, 1030. Sundays 843, 60. Crewe-a2 58, 8323, 710, 950, 950, 10 20, 11 35,12 0, , 15, 15), 5 3, 520, 622,7 23.7 56,11 35. Sundays 253,10 15, 4 5,11 35. aMondays excepted. &Mondays only. Daresbury-7 37,95, 12 30, 2 10. 3 15, 511,64, 7 44, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (6lialand)-6 1, 8 46, 9 58, 11 55,12 20, 12 55, 4 11, , 50, 6 55, 1152. Sundays 515 p.m. Earlestoa n-7 5,8 35,9 25,10 13, 12 7, 12 25, 1 15, 3 35,5 10, I 6 58. 7 8,9 25,10 30.Sundays,8 35,8 43,a.m. 456,6 0,9 54 p.m. ' I Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 38, 8 15, 94), 11 53, 1 co, 3 20. 520, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 15 48, 2 40, 7 50. Frodsham -7 37, 9 5, 1023, 1230. 210. 3 15. 4 22, 5 11, 64 7 44. 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 145 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 757 831. 95.12 0 18, 2 15, 40. 70, 80, 59 40, 510 20, 11 .39 Sundays 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. b intur day s excepted. Glasgow-2 37. 529, 956, 11 41, 1225. 2 40, a 50. Sun- days 2 37, a.lll. Golborne-5 45. 7 5.8 35, 925, 12 25, 1 15, 3 50, 5 20; 7 17, a 9 30, 12 0, 18, 2 15, 94 50119. °. 'l66'S hou .1(11 d 17. a ey ,1 1831 0. 2 057.957408, 31(1'190 52'5. Sunday 90, 936 1125, 239, 918. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. I lrlam and Cadishead (Central)_7 u, 7 55, 82, '1 0, 9 15. Sundays 656. 10 14. 3 15, 5 15, 935, Latcntord-From Arpley St4ion-6 ZO, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 56 1049, 1236. 114. a 228. 3 38.4 11,5 18, 613, 18, a 7 45, 927 Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L.& 11•41r0-3 sa, 532. 75, 8 10, 835 11 0, 187, 1225, jib, 520.78, 1030. Sundays 35, 510 I 5 30, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28, 4 66, 60, 9 04. From High Level Plat : form. aMondays excepted. ' Liverpool (From Low Level Platform 815 10 9 )-7 38, , 1153, 155. 320 ,5 'BO, 6 57,8 0, 948. Sundays 843 2 40, 750 Liver pool (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 57, 8 31, 95. 1024, 120,13,18,215.40. 6 19. 70, 8 0, b 9 4.510 25 10 46. 11 39 Sundays 9 J,9 55.11 25,2 39.7 10, 9 18.10 18,10 33, csaturdays ~cept &Monday except Saturdays, ouLlym.islao-n L. & N. W.)-2 585, a 3 23,7 10, 9 50, , 0 20, 11 35 120.0 50,0 6,5 23,622,11 64. unclays 2 56,10 55, 40, 11 35, = aMondays excepted &Mondays only. u,6 55, 11 52 80, 90, 9 58, 10 49, 1 14, a 2 22 London (Midland)-6 1, 846, 955, 12 55, Sundays 9 37 lion, 5 15 11.1 n• Lymm--6 20° 7 22. 3 36, 4 11, 5 18. 6 13, 78. a? 45, 9 27. Sundays 850. 3 8 12. aSaturdays only a N.-W.) a 2 50, 53 10, M 45,5 45, 75,8 10 Manchester (I, 3 Sundays 3 10.5 15,7 40,8 43 aarts 76 04,17, 18 2 825. 835. 919, 10 40.12 14. 1 15,2 20. 3 32, 4 20, 5 20, 615 7'BB. 9 20,10 0. Fi.an High Level P cad lattorm. ondays only Mondays excepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform.)-e6 23 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 11, 3 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. Sundays 846, 3 b, 810, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0,? 55, 8 2,8 55, 92, 9 65, 10 55, 11 23,11 So, 12 55, 155, 2 55. 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 5 55, 7C, 7 55, 8 12, 855, 9 15, 955, Sundays 937, 35,315 5 15, 7 18, 8 55, 9 25, 9 35. 10 0. Middlowich-7 30, 1021. 2 255, 5358,7 20.5 Saturdays only. Moore-7 30.1020 1 54, 2 55,5 35,7 20. Sundays 10 15 a.tn. 14ewton-le-Willows-2 50a,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 50, 8 10 8 35, 9 19,10 20,10 40.10 55,12 14,12 25,1 15.3 30,3 48,4 21,5 20, 653 7 17,9 20, 9 50,10 30. Sundays 3 10,7 40.8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 50, 6 0. 7 47,9 04. aMondays only, clilondays excepted. Padgate-7 0, 7 65,8 2,8 40.10 28, 11 0,11 23,12 20,1 44, 240. 3 55.528,7 0,11 12, 9 15. Sundays 856. 10 14, 3 47, 515 9 30, Preston-2 37. 5 29, 5 45, 8 35. 9 55, 11 0, 11 12, 12 25, Z 40, 3 48, 444, 6 48, 7 17, 8 47, 9 40,a9 50. Sundays,2 37, 8 43, 335, 60 954. aSaturdays only Runcorn-7 38,8 15, 9 45, 11 03, 3. 55, 3 20. 5 20, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for I'enketh)-7 .52, 755, 95, 1.05, 11 5, 120, 1 5, 2 15, 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60, 70,80, a 9 30, 510 20, 1046. Sun- days 9 0,11 25. 2 39, 9 3,9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- days only. cMondays only. (c.L,c,) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 46, 10 55, 12 55. 1 55, 6 55. Sundays 937 a.m. s is, St.Helens-5 32, 75,8 1548 35,10 0,10 55,12 7,12 25,115.3 35, 5 20, 6 20,7 8, 9 45, 10 30. Sundays 8 35. 8 43. 60.9 54 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 IC, 8 31, a 9 30, 11 2, 1 14, 3 19, 40,56, 60,7 9, 9 25, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 93, aSatur- days only. IhelwBll-6 20, 7 22,8 0, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 1442 22,3 38, 4 11,5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 27. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 8 12. a Sat- urdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56, 95 105, 11 0, 120, 15, 2 10. 2 58, 40, 5 29, 60,70, 80, 9 40, u 9 40, blO2O. Sun- dya 90, 9 36, 2 39, 9 18, aSaturday excepted, bSaturdays nly. idnes CL. and N.-W-) -7 38, 8 15, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53, 1 55, 323, 0 40,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. Wigan-2 37, 529, 5 45, 7 10,8 3b, 956, 10 50,11 40, 12 25, 6 13 '2 40, 3 48, 4 44, 520. 640, 7 17,8 47,9 40,9 55. Sunday, 23 ~ 46. 3 35, 60. 9 54. TO WARRINGTON FROal Acton Bridge-6 30, 7 35, 8 52, 11 43, 3 28, 4 45, 120, 820 I Sundays 753, 432. Altcar and Hillhouse-1 8. 7 18, 824, 954. Sundays 920,2 21, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 720, 9 5, 11 35, 2 5 340, 5 50,1 25,11 42. Sundays 3 10,12 45,7 10, 11 42. Birmingham (Midland)-6 5, 7 42, 8 50, 11 48, 1 25, 2 55, 540 645, 510 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0. 11 19. bEx- ept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30,10 48,12 25,1 55,3 47, 527,6 35, 750, Sun days,B 0, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot Road)-7 7„8 3,8 45, 955, 1035, 11 40, 12 35 2 23,3 15,3 37, 4 5,5 15,7 0, 8 36,10 o.Sundays 7 25,1 35, 6 15, '7 30. Blackpool (Central) -65, 725, 7 55, 825, 855, 10 20 11 25,1 5.2 10,2 55,4 r 0,6 15, 815,1010 Sundays 7 10,1 15, 5 0 840. Bolton-5 45,8 0,8 40,9 40.10 35,11 15,12 15,2 20, 415,5 10, 5 56, 8 30,10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 615, 925 p.m. aSatur- days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40. 8 40, 10, 25, 4 22, 5 15, 730 Sundays 125 a.m.. 430, 8 41,12 10 p.m. Chester-2 32a, '1 25, 8 45, 940, 1012.11 5,11 40. 1 25, 2 10, Z 28, 3 0,3 56.4 65.5 6,6 35,7 35, 85. 8.35. Sundays 2 32, 435, 6 30, 8 4 ) a,m 655, 7 47, 8 0,. p.m. aMondays excepted. Collins Green--6 39,7 16,8 42,109, 11 28.12 38,1 4,1 4.3, 2 5 a 6.4 6. 5 38, 6 23,7 47, 9 16. 1046. Sundays 810, a.m., 115. trewe- 21, 455, 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20, 11 5, 11 10, 25, 2 45, 415. 65. 85, 90. Sundays 21. 455, 720. 245. 4 0 920. Daresbury-8 16, 1017, 1143. t 47, 5 48, 8 47. Sundays 7,21, a.m. 7 37 p.m. Derby-7 10, 8 15, 935, 107, 10 25,1 12, 3 5,4 0, 4 17,7 5 8 5, al2 36,3 53,3 35. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 6 65, 3 35. allxcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 51, 846, 9 32, 11 3, 12 51. 5 52, 5 38, 5 30, 7 33, 8 3 9 15, 11 62, al2 0, Sundays 834, 952,95, 724. aSaturdays only. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 96.9 43, 12 24, 2 9, 3 27, 5 7.6 2.6 54, 9 14. Sundays 812, 257, 82. Frodham-7 65, 90. 102. 1127. 232,47, 5 27, 6 58, 8 32, Sundays 9.a.m. 7 18 p.m. Stanton (Cheshire Lines)-7 32.8 0, 90, 950, 1040, 10 48 120, 1266. 211. 32, 420. 4 56,, 59. 556, 657, 724 93. Sundays 8 23. 9 10, 2 40, 3 12,4 42, 6 51. 854. Glasgow-a 9 5, 105, 20, 555. Sundays 5 50, 95, Mondays excepted. (lolborne-6 44. 826. 10 12, 12 28,2 41, 441, 5 30,7 15, 99, 10 47. Sundays 9 40, 75. Mough Green-7 45, 815, 99, 103, 1055. 19, 150, 222 316, 5 23, 67, 7 11, 7 38, 9 18. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 26, 3 45,4 45,9 4 9 10. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 39, 9 53, 55. 8 60, 11 20 nndays 1059. 653, 8 43. 10 0. Latchford-7 52. 840, 934, 102, 1117, 120, al 45. 213 30. 4 22, 5542. 6 7, 649, 749, 942. 1127. Sundays 823 2 33, 7 25. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool(via Barlestown)-1 oa2 35,6 0, 60,8 0,9 25,11 50 15. 1 30, 3 20, 4 25, 450.5 35.7 5,8 25,10 5.11 15,. Sundays 10 7 30,9 20, 630,8 40 Mondays only. Via Widnes 6 25, 8 20, 9 5, 9 50, 12 30, 1 25, 2 40, 3 35, 420 520. 65. 830, 10 45. Sundays? 35. 2 10. 715. 10 45. Liverpool (Central)-5 30. 6 30, 710 7 40, 8 33. 938. 1020, 10 33, 11 50, 12 35. 1 65, 2 33, 4 40, 4 50, 5 36, 6 35a, 75, 80. 849, a 1045, 811. 0. Sundays 80. 90, 2 30, 2 50, 4 20, 6 30, 8 33, aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. London (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 7 15, 10 25, 11 30, 12 15, 2 30, 4 15, 30,10 Oa, 120,. Sundays 120. aSaturday night only. London (Midland)-5 15,10 5,12 10, 20, 40, Sic, a 9 15. 120, Sun 'aya 120, 3 15. aexcept Mondays. Lymm-7 5, 8 32, 9 25, 9 54, 11 9, 111, a 137. 25, 250, 4 14, 85 33, 5 t 9, 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 1119. Sundays 8 15, 2 25, 7 15. aSaturdays only., bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L & N.-W.)-6 e, 7 45, 85, 95, 9 40, 11 5, 1123, 12 40,1 5, 2 35, 3 0, 3 45, 4 25, 5 10, 5 15,7 10,9 20, 10 4u, 11 OaSundays, 80, 8 30, 90, 9 50, a.m. 60, 1040. From Exchange. aSaturdays only. Manchester (London-road)-7 0, 7 50, 9 25, 10 35, 12 35, 15, 20, 340, 855, 520,65, 75, 855, 1045, Sundays 730 6 30. 1 40,55a1urdays excepted. aSaturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 720, 8 30, a 9 5, 935, 10 30, 10 35, 11 30. 12 30, 12 45, 1 3), 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, 4 48, 6 3, 730, 8 33, 955, a .035, 11 0. Sundays, 830, 9 10, 9 30, 10 40, 1 40.20, 25, 635, 830. aSaturdays only. Moore-6 56. 96. 11 57, 340, 50, 783. Sundays, 8 19, 468 Newton 655. 725. 8 42, 9 11, 9 29, 209, 2022, 11 2, 11 30, : 12 48, 10, 1 28, 5 49, 6 27, 7 30. 8 5,9 15, 9 65. Saturdays 1 40, 32.37, 4 7, 4 68, 510, 5 35. Sundays 8 30, 9 49, 10 0, 3 40, 7 20, 11 6. Padgate 750, 826,90. 10 6a 1 9a, 210,3 12a, 5 18a 7 3a, 9 25a. A Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Sundays 63. 1120, 2 32, 9 12, 1013. Preston 2 9, 4 5, 5 50, 6 25, 8 15, 95 9 26, 10 10, 1128, 12 15, 30, 3 55, 4 35, 6 43, 6 45, 7 37, 80, 8 30, 945, 110. Sundays 29, 4 5, 8 35, 30, 6 10, 10 47, 2 36. Runcorn 825, 919 10 15, 10 26, 12 30, 1 25, 32, 4 40, 5 44, 6 23, 8 30. Bankey-6 63, 758, 8 31,9 25, 1020, 11 24, 12 36, 1 36,2 0, 2 40, 3 44, 4 35, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26,9 34. Sundays, 849, 108, 3 40, 5 7, 9 23. Sheffield-8 25, 115, 1 52. 55, 70, 85, Sundays, 8 10, 65. St Helens-6 30, 8 42, 11 20. 1 25, 2 46, 430, 5 60, 82), Sundays, 745, 25, 725. Southport-8 5, 10 20, 11 15, 12 50, 2 10, 2 50, 3 55, 70. 810, 95, 9 40. Sundays, 90,20, 8 0. Thelwall-7 48, 836, 730. 968, 1113, 1 15, 1 41, 2 9, 2 65, 4 1 537, 63, 645. 7 45, 937, 1123. Sundays, 819, 2 29, 72, Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-8 20, 9 15, 10 10, 11 12, 12 25, 12 , 30, 3 25, 4 25, 5 29, 6 12, 7 16, 7 56, 9 25, 11 42, a Sun- days 8 42, 3 33, 5 0, 9 10, 920, a Saturdays only. Widnes (L. & vr,)-7 5, 8 56, 9 33, 1030, 12 16, 12 59, 22, 3 20. 3 58, 60, 6 55, 646, 96, 11 6, Sundays, 8 14, 250 7 54. 11 6, Wigan-239, 35. 633, 815, 931, 100, 11 23, 1 31, 230, 260, 5 0, 5 20, 6 5, 7 36, 9 0, 10 a 5. Sundays, 2 39, 9 30. 3 25, 6 65, 11 13.

POSTAL I.\ FORMATION rOST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Ile lsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lytrun, Thelwall, Newchurch 6-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Orappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad- gate, Stockton Heath, stretton, Warburton, and Wools- tort 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.— Manthester, Bolton, Oldham, lacolesfrelii, Stock • port, Buxton, Yorkshir-i, Northumberladd, Durham, and B.IIL Lancashire. 9-30 a in.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, arid Foreign. and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, So ithoort, and the Isle Ma 10-10 a.m.—Manchester. Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcarn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales. South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—Londuo, S.-li.a tern, midland and Southern Counties, Crews, Mid-Oheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.--Chester, Wrexham, Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, Londou and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, southport, Orinskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter. Oloucester, Plymouth, Yorashiro, Manchester 8 hast Lancashire. and Scotland 2-0 p. m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Curnb.irland, Wlgan Dolton 2-15 p.m. Preston Brook, StOton 2-30 p.m.- Liverpool. Southport, Birkenhead. Northwhich hantwich and San,:bach 2-45 p.m.—Frod.ham. Frodsham Bridge, lielsby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn. and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 O'p.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate an I Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m .—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborouvh, East Lincolnshire. Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5.45 p.M.—Saturdays only, Q teenstown and the 117.S.America 6-15 pin.— Town Delivery 9-30 p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk, Isle of Man, und Scotland 10-30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts —lO-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-lb p.m.—Loudon, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign petters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m , 12 noon, 3-45 p.m., and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdays when the 3-45 p.m. delivery is Suspended. 1 HEAD OFFIRcIE RLE....5.T0W....N. AND NEWTON. Nig h-st., Newton Mr.Jarnes Jordan POSTMASTER Hours of Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m, PARCEL POST.—Parcele are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7_15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPAICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with 0 nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

RECEIVING HOUSE, SUE-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

Bracing! Refreshing! Invigorating! ADD A LITTLE Condy' s Fluid Bur TO YOUR BATH. The effect is magical, Beware of Substitutes. Insist on Buying "CONDY'S FLUID."

***************** * . * ,* Buy t'-e * * lt` •,t 4fr * Best, ~,,, ~., ~..,, I*, ~w ii * Ir*A'''`e ''.'‘‘‘ * We presume that you take * an Emulsion of cod-liver oil 'l”V' \ * * because you are not in the best '4'e,, , * *of health and want to get well. I( ".1 * Ak ~__,,„l"uo/tfr,t', Why not always buy the best ' 1, * *Emulsl:La? There is only one standard, * which is a,- * * Scott's Emulsion. * * The rest are all judged by the Scott * standard. But they are not Scott's and never * we will be Scott's. The manipulation of Scott's * EmulFion is the most wonderful thing about * it. It is porfect. *P‘c II very sill-Tie test is enough. * TASTE CC7T'S AND YOU WILL TAKE NO 2 * OTHEft. qF * SCOTT & BOWIE, LTD., LONDON, E.G. ILL CHEMISTS. 2/6 AND 4/8. _l•_* * IF *****************

REVOLUTION IN WATCHMAKING. Owing to the liquidation of a large Swiss Mastutactoty from which I have obta'ned 2,000 Real IN MOIL KRYLb. WATCH l• S. o. ,P4'''2l4. IEI I lam prepared to offer them to the public at the marvellous price of 38. 6d. each. Usual price 10e. _ Carriage 6d. extra. gvery Watch is regulated and adjusted before being sent out. They are correct timekeepers, with movements equal to the best chronometre, and rre warranted for 5 years. The stock is nearly exhaasted, and such an opportunity of ob. taining a good sound Watch should not be missed. I should like you to ask any friend you have in London to call and se these Watches before you buy, or otherwise send Postal Order, and if you do not like the Watch, return it to me within a week and I guarantee to return you the Postal Order. Write at once to A. FARON, SURREY HOUSE, VICTORIA RUBANKNERNT. . LONDON. W.O.

HAVE YOU A BAD LEG WITH wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps surrounded with inflammation and swollen, that when you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the Im- pression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried, which. if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may hove ?,tended various hospitals and had medical advice, and Dean told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; but do not, for I cam num You. I don't say perhaps; but I WILL. Because others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order for 2s. 6d. to O. W. ALBERT, 73, FABBINGDoN-BTBEET LONDON, and you will receive a box of GRASSHOPPER OINTMENT AND PILLS which is a certain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs 'fun s maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuneles, Pols 3161 fan Bunions. (Registered Copy! Ight.) LADIES( IBISPEESIBLE TO LADIES I Particularly those who desire a quick, safe and reliable and non-Injurious remedy for all obstructions and Irregularities, a medi- cine which cures (usually in a few hours) cases which have baffled the skill of the best medical men. No lady need despair, as the most obstinate and helpless cases have been immediately relieved by this remedy. Mrs. Wilson, of Honor Oak Park, Forest Hill, says: Your Invaluable remedy took Immediate effect; in less than 12 hours I was all right, after 18 weeks of Inisery and hopelessness., A properly certified guarantee is enclosed with testimonials an medicine. One package at 416 is usually sufficient for any case. Ladies send at once fully directed envelope for particu- lars and proofs. I will forfeit £2,000 if the testi- monials are not genuine.Thousanns of unsolicited testimonials have been received. Do not be misled by showy advertisements and other so-called remedies which are utterly worthless and fraudulent imitations. IsloTlCE.—This wonderful remedy guaranteed to have the largest sale in the entire world, being the oldest and only harmless medicine of its kind ft !Vies, and cures more patients in one month than all other Female Remedies put together in twelve months. This can be proved by our Testimonials. If you require more particulars, I will send you per return of vost, in sealed letter, post free, a splendid Book (34 pages) and Guide cloth c,ivers, 60 pages and illustrations of Ladies Appliances), and full particulars of the Wonderful effective remedlcil as advertised and sold in every town and village in Great Britain. Consultations Free every cay 3to 7. Established over SOD years. Do not delay, but write at once privately m r MADAME- FRAIN Medical Institute, flacknel road, London,. zily (Copro^“.. S;,,,r9riltrh

FLONILINE I—Tor, THE TEETH AND BREATE.—Thotoushi eleallSts the teeth from all parnsites or impurities, harden the gums, preveets tartsr, stops decay, and gives to the teethe peculiar pearly whiteness and a oelighttul fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or le. per Jar lor the FlorPirt "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers..— .4 det'

a* 0 4,0C.V.,, 6 :.•;.,.;ieloslooesa.o.co G 4.47 (.• 42 0 Satisfactory alike to guest; S and host is coffee made with ; Syraington's Edinburgh Coffee A. ea. Essence. Sold in small and la *.t - , • co bottles by Grocers everywhere. t • 6.0400609.0.0099603 00.600. J

sANTAL MIDN

These tiny Capsules relieve' kidney and Bladder trouble promptly. They are superior to Copaiba. Cubebs or Injections, aud cure in forty-eight hours the same diseases without inconvenience. Each Capsule bears the name Midy.' Sold by all Chemists, or post free SG from WILCOX & CO., 83,MortImer St.,London,W.

The Royal Ladudresses ayOriteboty s '• tizaama GLOW Is unequalledfor imparting a beautifsu finish to starched men. ac., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—, Corn 1 , says : —My wife will not finish our linen without y our '• Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— I au, pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-calied Starch. Glazes 3nd Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6c1.. by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. '1 OarrcnizY Blackburn PI oprietOr.—Advt.

*FORTHE ISLOOI3 IS rii E, LIFE I CLARKE'S piORLD7FAMECI, 1.13L00D MIXT.UREI

THOUSANDS OF TRSTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have reoeived great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears. the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to Night,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally," Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Rezawa skin sad Blooc Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effect are mary allows. It is the only real specific for Goat an Rheuma`2o Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood an bones Thousands of Testin.ccials. In bottles 2s. 9, an 11s. €' s, of all Chemists. Sent tin 73 or 132 stamps by Pro pris toss. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIRS DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

Quality is the important requisite which is placed first by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee. Es- sence. Makes a cup in a moment.

HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT CURES BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, Coughs, Golds, Sore Throat Quinsy CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, SCURVY, &a. IT LS INVALUABLE IN THE TREATMENT OF stiff joints, Sprains, ESvirns, Scald, amid EVERY FORM OF SKIN DISEASE. Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street, London, and sold by all Chemists and Medicine Vendora,

NAVE YOU TRIED 3 MARVELLOUS TOBACCOS! .• SENSATION FLAKE," 4d. per Ounce, in tins only. " FOREMOST FLAKE," 3d. per Ounce, in tins only. " BRITISH PRIDE NAVY CUT," 4d. per Ounce, in tins only. -- Do net be put off with " Something as good." Insist op having what you ask for. If any difficulty in procuring these Tobaccos, kindly drop a post-eard to TIE LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIES TOBACCO MANUFA.CTURIN4 CO.. LIMITED, PENTRIDGE MILLS, BURNLEY. PIGTAIL AND IRISH ROLL A SPECIALITY.

THE MARCH TO KHARTOUM. OMDURMAN TO BE AT TACKED IN TWO PLACX9.: Toe Cairo correspondent of the " Daily Mail," tele. graphing on Wednesday, says : The advance of the Sir.. dare ismy is steadily continuing at tte ra'e which wall foressen,and will to-night cloqo on Kerreri,which is onllr ten miles from °albums:in. If Kerreri has been reached as expected, the army will be in front of Omdurraan'on September 1, and then will corns the final struzgle. Tbe plan of operations will be somewhat as f0110w9:-1 flank attack against the west of the Matidi's stronghold, aol a , frontel attack against the north. Tills will have tbe effect of driving a considerable portion of his forse towards the south wess, thereby giving an opportunity tO the Cavalry and Camel Corps, with Horse Artillery and Maxims, to get at the fugitives, 'while those who attempt to cross the river by the Islaod of Tuti will be met by the friendlies on the right b ink under Majoe Stuart Wortley; at least tnose of them who have escaped the fire of the gunboats. The gunboats will also be used to pursue up the White Nile those who may eudeavour to escape along its left bank. RA.N.TITSINHII OUT OF FORM, ALLAHAELD. THURSDAY. Ranjitsinhji is not quite himself just no w. Yesterday. in a m stets Kathiawar v. Peoaa Gymkhana, h 3 made a pair of " spectacles." A CHANNEL DISASTER, FIVE LIVES Lost'. A C stale correspondent reports reports the loss of five lives in the Channel near the pert by the capsizing of pleasure boat which was caught in a hige wind *oast under sail. Only one of the party was saved. In the rough weather on Tuesday in the English. ' Channel two French fishing boats of Li Rochelle each lost a hand overboard. DEATHS FROM STARVATION. A return of th number of deaths from starvation in London in 1897 was issued yesterday morning: The Emil End furnished the large. number of cases, the Norte ' Eastern corning second. The figures respectively were 13 and 10, out of a total of 41. A FEARFUL CLIMATE. News; has just been received in England of the death of Mrs. T. A. Wall, wife of the British Vice-Coasul at Old Cal steer. West Africa. In conveying the sad newel to his friends Mr. Wall says that his wife ha i for eight years" suffered and borne with unremitting patient* the ills caused by this fearful climate." THE ALPINE TRAGEDY. FUNERAL TO-DAY At' TERRITE C. A telegram was received on W.sdnesdav night from Mr. Edward Hopkinsm, at Sion, canton Valais, indicat- ing t sat i: had b .en decided not to bring the bodies rot Dr. John Hopkinson and h s three children home to Manchester, and announeng that the funerals will take place at half-past eight to-day at Territet, near Sion. BOATING FATALITY ON THE THAMES. Yesterday morning four persona were proceeding in a beat under Bucks Biidgs, Bow, London whea they were carried by the current against tie arch and upset. Two of them were drow.ied. TRAGIC AFFAIR ON ASHTON MOSS. SUPPOSED MURDER OF A WOMAN. The Ashtort-onder-Lyne County Police have just die covered Vie dead body of a woman on Ashton Mos. Site in badly cut, as if stabbed and killed by a knife. arrests have been made, but the case points .tr. murder. Great sensation has been caused in the die trict. CYCLING. 24 HOURS ROAD RECORD BEATEN. On the North Road F. R. Goodwin (N nth Road Club) has succeeded in beating George Hunt's 24 hours' record by 18i miles. Goodwin, wli.) finished ye iti-riay recall"' Mg, covered 428 in les ia the time. THE END OF THE SOUTH ViTALES COAL DISPUTE. Yesterday afternoou the dispute wan settled sod the agreement signed. Some of the Plymouth, Merthyr, and Cyfarthfa col- Hero have already returned to work. The monthly holiday has b .en refused by the matters. The workmen's committee offer to take a wk's holiday in the summer in lieu thereof,an i the conference is now consider lug the point. Mr. P. W. Res has seceded from the men's committee.

_ FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TIEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may 1112 arranged. TEETH. AU consultations free. TEETH. Rauh patient informed beforehand the rot lei work required TEETH. Gold and other fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. Anilll.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Painless Mame:don as hitherto by the ge of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,04:16 gallons weekly. 112 ors, of the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY:ELM.) • MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, (Na.. Tat.lNo. 1660). LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-ST=7, ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET, EAR LESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. 11221 WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SINN:ET-ft RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, Barnag-sr. NORTH WICH on FRIDAYS, 15, A.ppLassinirET-OT MARRIAGES. RUNCORN. GRIFFITIM—WORTNINGTON-27th ult., at the Registry Moe. Mr. George Griffiths, Weston Point, to Miss Ethel Worth" ington, of Weston. HAEDALIN—DurroN—Ist inst., at the Parish Church, Raw corn, by the Rev. 119. Scholes. Mr. Richard Hardman. Appleton, Widnes. to Miss Blanche R. Dutton, ma daughter of Mr. Charles Dutton, Runcorn. DEATHS. RUNCORN. GREENwAY-76th int., at Canal-street, Runcorn, Jane. daughter of Mr. Walter W. Greenway, aged ft months. ThorePeon--26th ult., at Suffolk-street. Runcorn, Franoes, daughter of Mr. William Thompson, aged 10 months. BEKRY-26th ult., at Park Side, Ashton, Christiana,daught4f of Mr. William Berry, aged 3 months. PLAYER-26th tilt., suddenly, oar. William Alfred Player (ex-sergeant). York-street, aged 58 years. MoonE—SOth ult., at Brick Kiln House. Mary, daughter Mr. Thomas A. Moore, aged 5 months. PiIACH-29th ult., at Weston Point. William, son of kilf, Joseph Peach. aged 2 months. FRIARS' GREEN, WARRINGTON (Opposite Arpiey Station). S. T. WARD AND CO.. MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, U., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, Monuments, Tablets. Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble. Stone. Designs Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING, AND CLHANING RICISTIffa PIONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
