===== 0002601_18980107_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK. direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL NW YORK and PRILADELPIIIA every WED NE

===== 0002601_18980107_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C."

===== 0002601_18980107_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHPORT.

HAYES'S RESTAURANT, 38, CHAPEL-STREET, Adjoining the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Station. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUABANT In the Town.

HAYES'S RESTAURANT,

SOUTHPORT.

WINES 8c SPIRITS.—Fine3t quality at reasonable prises —4. M. Jozins.9, Blacktriars-street Manchester.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ATS MTS.—For GARDENERS and FURNITURE LVI REMOVERS.—G. M. JONES, 9. Blackfriars-street, Manchester.

YEAST YEAST 1 YEAST 1—" Eagle," " Halfmoon," " D.C.L.," and "Kangaroo " Branda.—G. M. JONES, 9, Blackfriars-atreet, Manchester.

114t,4W •

, .

WORDS OF WISDOM FOR OUR WIVES. Being a Rev/ treatise of advice and information for the married. It is fully illustrated, and contains information worth HUNDARDS OF FOUNDS. Send at once, and you will never regret doing so. Post free, one stamp for postage, 32 pages. Emigrated ii 3te of Rubber appliances, Preventa- tives, etc. Post free 2 stamps. MADAM PAUL. 10. 110LYWELLSTREEL, STRAND, LONDON.

WOMEN'S AILMENTS. RREGULARITIBS, &c.—A Lady, having tried in vain J. every advertised remedy, has at last discovered a Simple Cure, which will act in a few hours, no matter how stubborn the case. BonaiLle sufferers can get it FREE of CHARGE by enclosing stamped envelope. Don't experiment with Worth/us Pills, Mixtures, Ccnes, and other injurious nostrums. Write at once with full HOPE and CONFI- DENCE to Mrs. 0. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings, Chancery-laxe, London.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980107_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
DEAN'S FEMALE MIXTURE

Is positavelv the only reliable and strongest on earth. It will not harm the most cl,licKte. It will cure the most obstinate cases within 12 hours. Success guaranteed .in every case. however long standing. MuUSANDS Olr GZNUINE rEtTIMONIALS. rice Is. 93. ; post free 33. extra. To be had only C. DEAN, MEDICAL HERBALIST, 112. Gray's Inn Road, London, W U

_ AL L LADIES will be glad to he that Mrs. M. Damerau, CERTIFICATED MIDWIFE, has a safe and certain mixture for obstructiens i and rregularities, which she will send, poet free, for 4s. 9d. It is absolutely guaranteed, even in long-staading obstinate cases. It cannot tail, and is perfectly harmless. Do not i trust n bogus advertisements of quacks and other ignorant people, they never send you the right remedy. If you have , already dors,a so, send for this Mixture as a last resource, and you will not be deceived. You will find that it is always cheaper to come to the right place first. Below are some testinsoni.lis received. The originals of these, with thousands of others. can be seen any time. Fr -an Mrs. Chetkaat : "Madam, will you kindly send again one bottle of yobir Female Mixture, as the last acted splendidly. I enclose dc."—Mrs. Binnze writes : " Xlndty forward by return of at a bottle of your Female Mixture., It nut me all right last otme, and I trust it will do so again.' —From Mrs. Fletcher t "Madame. I received the Mixture all right, and I took the doses as stated; it did all that WU needed, for which I thank you very mueb."—Mrs. S. writes from Sheffie.d "I am pleases to tell you your medicine did kit 7 hat was required, though I thought it had failed, for I had th. last dose thirty wins before any change took place. I had the last dose on Sunday, and all was right as possible luesday afternoon, Everything had been as well as it was pnasible. Had I written nyou at first, I shou)d have been over £2 in pocket. You Tufty allow this letter, but cover name and address."—Mrs. Bryan writes. " Madam, lam glad to be able to repot that thj last two doses have had the desired effect. I shall recommend your remedy to all my married friends. I th nk it is excellent, and shOeld I be in difficulty again myself, shouldat once apply to you." —From Mrs Garside " I have muc h pleasure in sending you news of having relief the first naoml ng, for which I ana very thankful indeed, I shall always fee_ grateful for your Mixture, and a A 1 d^deerdesas: n 344, 7,5! .Aafmn,ElawAitlit, send to you. Milton Cottage, Forest Hill, London

1

I

Emil

1

===== 0002601_18980107_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
OVRIL.

ASK T81171(10ER FOR IVIcDOTJGALL'S PATENT SELF—RAISING FLOUR.

BOVRIL imparts FRESH MEAT to even and should always b

and Enriching Soups,

responding levy from employers of all kinds. In this is so, it carries the present struggle forwa rd into a very dangerous stage, and a stage which may be supplemented by reductions in wages to win ch the men would not submit,and which would end if further strikes and lockouts. Thus easily could the great labour war be forced on and the national in- dustry destroyed. If Mr. Richie can look at the signs of the times, he would not sit_mucb longer in silent seclusion and inactivity, with an unexhausted Con- ciliation Act in the pigeon-holes of the Board of Trade.

Further particulars are available of the official investigation made in India concerning the groat earthquake of the 12th of June last. It has trans- pired that the area which the shock was felt in- cluded the whole of the Irrawaddy valley and delta. An important report has been received from the Superintendent of Telegraphs, Assam, describing how, when communications trots Shillong were be- ing re-opened,it was found that so long as the earth was used awe return the operator was subject to electric shocks, some of considerable severity. This as well as the frequent interruptions of communica- tion which accompanid the shocks, ceased as soon as a second wire was used as a return.

The interest taken in the colonial cricket matches was never so great as on the present occasion. The amount of money spent in telegraphing the score and the comments runs into heavy figures every day. There are three or four di,stinct reports, and the City man who takes an intr3rest in the game cannot wait for his paper until be goes out for lunch. It was a big solicitor I heard of who kept a big client waiting ten minutes whilst be studied the details in his special evening paper. If the out- lay be great, I believe the London evenings and the provincial evenings find that it pays. They are able to have most of the business to themselves, as en- th usia-,tq want to be well posted the moment "close of play" come out on the contents bills."

As an evidence of the maintained en thusiesm of the Salvation Army,tbe meeting in the Albert Hall on Wednesday night is a concrete fact. Six thousand ardent sympathisers foregathered and five thousand applications for tickets had to be refused. The ob- ject was to bid farewell to General Booth on his tour through the United States and Canada. A let- ter was read from President At'Xinley conveying his opinion that the Army. had every right to be proud of its philanthropic work. The American Ambassador, Lord Loch, Lord Strathcona,the Agent General for South Australia. the Agent-General for New Zealand, and Sir Walter Bespnt sent letters regretting inability to attend, which were highly appreciated as showing the sympathy of statesmen and public men with the movement. But the "General" like Frederick the Great, is a believer in e numbers when the fighting force can be made to move as on man, and the way in which hie every word was taken up by the serried throng evidently gave him satisfaction. General Boothia sixty-eight, but his associates agree that he is the hardest worker in the Army, and his speech was free from any particle of vanity.

--- One of the brightest of the new year parties was given at the Guildhall on Wednesday evening. The occasion was the gathering together of some 1,300 children belonging to the Ragged School Union to a banquet and entertainment at the invitation of Alderman Treloar. From all quarters of 81umdom they came—from Whitechapel an(l Ifoxton, from Battersea and Limehouse and the Borough, till the spacious building was crowded to overflowing. Some were clean and some were dirty,but all were hungry, As a result, I,ooolb, uf roast beef and 170 plum puddings which the Alderman and his friends had provided rapidly disappeared. In addition, 4,000 hampers had been sent out to bed-ridden children. The band of the City police played popu- lar airs during dinner, and, busy as the juveniles were in'other direotiono,they never failed to 'loin in the chonts." Great was the cheering when the. tables bad been cleared and an army of waiters were discerned carrying in boxes of crackers, the gift of Messrs. Smith and Son, and deafening was the artillery that followed. Still more cheering heralded the approach of the Lord Mayer and Lady Mayoress and various officials of the Corporation. who made a tour of the hall and took up their places in the west gallery. A photograph of the gathering was taken by the flashlight,and a couple of short speeches followed. net boys of the Bellen- den-road Bosrd School performed a cantata, and there was a magic lantern display and other de- lights.

.i.,,,....... -,,,--- ..,,..,,_., ..'4,°"., • - ' ... .4. ';' • 'e... ` -:...4'‘ Z.,..t. •- ÷ •,-. ;'. ~•,-;,' : ;•.ttl-,04...0:,1 7.•-si; 4,4..: ..-, : ',.:• -:, .. ''-', 1 74.• * *f:^•4'. ' ' ;1•14.44..10. ''*1....., 4., '.,,,,,„ ' "•" - . . ~,'.. • ' , •:,..', - ..7..-i.,....,,..,,,,1... , - .; ... , 4;..':',',' ,•,,;.;.-•,.."' :.''.:. ; '' .4. . .c.., k. • - "-.:.." , .4 ..-"p, ,i.. 4 .., ~_ ( ;'t -- : Le„.• _ , '--. .- , - ' ' ......,-11,- 4..... c.- • 0-• , ..,. --4. ' '--4,' : 1 1..- -'" ••,:i ~.., l't ' I , . , . _t. /)1 •• .. 4.; • '' q• illr .'•-• '' • •••• ` . V v. f '' 4 's .-- - • ' 1 " . : " .#-.4. •.. _ •.5-, -- -1--,. 1.-. . .;--------- - - ;.: A- --,77:x!.itit.i- '.: nn- ' - -"- !-. A"'' ' % 5,4 •,‘ '4, •4) ,__. :,- /i, , / ----...........„. ......- 4t. . ~,,:. 1 . . ' ' , 1 • .... // •- 6 1 ._) --- ; / . 1,,_ ...„........,A4,, wawa- / .'• ~ / . •ki .......k • . , • ' ' i ; ii p i ry , . ~,, or ~... G..' ,}} }Z. 1 ' ,}{ ' 4 ‘l7}} ..S.}} .‘} .I}. ,•• I / 1 . -.'''' 4: '''. ' '' - 'AV.' 14%; 'l';', -.'*" ' -' C - • N I 4....44. .....--. ••••"'" ,„ ....?... 7.0. ~ . ,--.".",-; A 14,-., .;,--5.,1,,-4', ,:- . / ,•\ —..!....,„ —... -----', ...., , -- - '-- '5. it---,..::i...').t11•:,, \ -- .. . ...... . ......, - x..... - -,-tt-- 1- ...'n, '''...4 '•';' : , ".".;.° -^.44 .. .• ` '--.. ~,... ..,......._-:•••-.. ;:........._‘ ,%..., 1210aZiw •••• • .• . '- '.**4;''''-'`"*--7 • # 'i .Mihn4f ./ . ' ii ~ ~.,. . ' .-.:::. , -• • 'l,, V .. .1111P•' 4 4..-.!...• '/* • ••••••••'". • ' ..••• , ~`.. •Vii ' • ‘4l i i \ ...4, N -.-,, ' ;kr * '''t '4'4., :4"'",.. 4, ;" ~, .., 1 _., •1 11 V ~.' % ,e• .., • 1,, ~ , 1 Fl*- ,•,-' i' ; ,-,111!,:"M". , ..,„:;,,\ j i . , -"':.;.•:',.,,,t- ' . i --- o ,-,••:', ' . • _,,1 .' ..... ' r '44: ~- •••‘ , .., '.' i ,1,1/ 4\ 4 54.,4° 47- , , • ` _ I .141'" --.._ 1. • .... i,..,..._>- -%, _-__- _ -.... ....N....„ -„:„........„..-„, . :44 ' ' ...-.*: ..".••• '''r ' '4. / ' i Nr• P-- ---- -, —RI ip , rill • •

===== 0002601_18980107_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

"PAPA, what is intuition?" "Intuition; my child, is what your mother claims to have when she makes a good guess." JACK "Dick doesn't seem cheerful. I under- stood at one time that he'd be happy to die for that girl." "Yes; but he didn't." "I wisii I knew how to act when I meet a baby. I always feel like a fool." "All you have to do is to act the way you feel." "Then you don't intend asking Maria to be your bridesmaid?" "No ; Jack used to be engaged to her, and the dear boy is absent-minded." "Dos your wife worry about you when you travel ?" "Not at all. She knows I always buy accident insurance."

HARRY : " What girl was that you had in tow last evening?" Willie (indignantly) : " What you are pleased to call tow is usually spoken of by people of culture as blonde tresses," WILLIAS : "If I should kiss you, would you call mamma?" Agnes : "Oh, dear, no. There are some things that one is too selfish to divide with any- body."

TEACHER : "Now, Johnny, do you understand thoroughly why I'm going to whip you?" Johnny: "Yes, teacher. You're in a bid humour this morning, and you've got to cane some one before you'll feel satisfied." • A Lam- a few days ago gave a plate of cold meat and a glass of beer to a beggar at the door. The man (who was born in the Emerald Isle) said when going away (after a lot of Irish blessings), "An' sure, me leddie, if yer feet were as big as yer „heart, it wouldn't be my corrns I should like ye for to be threading upon." A GOOD PRESCRIPTION. -" Dlctor," said he, "I'm a victim of insomnia. I can't sleep if there's the least noise—such as a cat, on the back fence, for instance." "This powder will be effective," replied the physican, after compounding a pre- scription. "When do I take it, doctor ?" "You don't take it. You give it to the cat, in a little milk."

MRS. YEAST : "I wish I could think of some- thing to keep my husband at home at nights." Mrs. Crimsonbeak : "Get him a bicycle." Mrs. Yeast: "That would take him out more than ever." Mrs. Crimsonbeak : "Oh, no, it wouldn't! My husband got one the day before yesterday, and the doctor says he won't be out for a month." EARLY RISING INSANITY. - Blinks: "Say, professor, do you believe that early rising tends to insanity?" Professor Smart: "Yes ; I think there is considerable truth in it." Blinks : "But a man to be insane must have a delusion of some sort. Now, what particular delusion have you ever known an early riser to be afflicted with?" Professor Smart "The delusion that he liked early rising." A DIFFERENCE. —lre had been telling what a meritorious scheme he had, and as he finished he drew a piece of paper from his pocket. "I have here"— he began. "I'll not subscrible a cent," interrupted the business man. " I don't believe in your alleged charitable scheme, and I'll not give you a cent for it." "But I don't want any money from you," protested the caller. "Then what do you want?" "I just want you to sign a petition to some one else to help it along. Your influence, you know"— "Oh, well, I'll do that; but I won't give you any money for such a swindle." REBELLED AT LAST.—" I've worked for this man ten years," soliloquized the mule, "for my board and lodgings, and the board has been mighty cheap. I've furnished my own clothes, all except my shoes. I never have had a day off. In all these years I've never made any complaint about the way I'm treated, but this thing of driving me down the avenue with a load of garbage in broad daylight at my time of life is a little too much, and I'm going to kick !" Whereupon he kicked, and it rained garbage all over the neighbourhood for fully half a minute AN Englishman who acted as land steward on a Scotch estate was once treating one of the farm servants to a glass of whisky for doing some extra work. The servant (a Scotsman) put on an air of disappointment at the smallness of the glass. The Englishman, to divert the workman's attention from his critical study, jauntily asked—" Do you know how glasses are made, umph l" "No, I dinna ken," answered the Scotsman. "Well," said the steward, "they are blown." "Aweel," replied the servant, holding up the glass for closer inspection, "he mann surely ha'e been insist awful short o' braith that blew this ane."

A TERROR OF A COOK.--The young husband was somewhat surprised when his wife came into the office. She opened the conversation at once. "I want enough money to go out of town for a few days." she said, "and you will have your own meals in the city." "Why, what does this mean ?" "It means just this. I got a messenger boy to come to the house for Bridget to tell her that she was wanted at her aunt's, and as soon as she was 'round the corner, I shut up the house and locked it and ran away. When she comes back she won't .find anyone there. We don't owe her anything, so it's all right, and I wanted to discharge her; but you know I never would tell her to go, and I knew you wouldn't dare, and don't you think your little wife knows pretty well how to manage? Say yes, now, or I'll break down and cry here in the office."

INNOCENCE.—Jones was leaving his home one windy morning, when a big board, weighing fifty pounds or more, fell from a partially-built house near, and stunned him so severely that he was laid up for days in bed. Shortly after he was about again, he one day met the builder himself, and commenced to explain the danger of leaving loose planks about in windy weather. The builder called to a workman standing near, and repeated what Jones had just told him, remarking, in chiding tones: "Did no one tell you that Mr. Jones had been injured through your carelessness?" The British workman scratched his head thought- fully, and at last) owned: "I'd a'most forgot, guv'nor ; but now I come to think, my mate did tell me that Jones 'd come in for a windfall o' fifty pounds ouite unexpected !"

===== 0002601_18980107_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL" CHAT.

Sir Wil'iam Lockhart's trip home is opportune,in view of the marked dissatisfaction of the War Office at the way in which the lira campaign has been conducted. Unquestionably, in the transport arrangements the organisation of the expedition has been lamentably bad, and there is too much reason to fear that the officers in command have net been the best that could have been chosen. The frequent rearguard casualties have not failed to attract the attention of military experts at home who do not conceal their opinion that they could and should have been prevented by more skilful dispositions. The explanations that will be sought from Sir William Lockhart will be nu-r.erous. Per- haps they will lead to a considerable strengthening of the staff at the seat of war—at any rate that is what is hoped for both at home and in India. The pity of it is that inadequate preparations and ineffi- cient leadership, following upon the initial adminis- trative blunder, should have led to the loss of so many gallant soldiers. For it is by common con- sent admitted that the rank and file was never I made up of " better stuff" than in this ill-fa ed I campaign.

The sudden outbreak of fresh difficulties in the Soudan is confirmed by the hurried speed with which English regiments are now being moved forward. A silence dsep as the impenetrable silence of the Sphinx prevails at the Foreign Office, and the people who have to pay all the cost of our foreign policy and enterprises know nothing of what is happening, save what they glean from en- ergetic newspaper correspondents. What is occur- ring now around and above Khartoum is a striking condemnation of the policy of leisurely conquest in the Soudan to which Mr. Chamberlain attempted to give so much plausibility a couple of years ago. This cheap and easy system of warfare has allowed Ruesia and France to establish their influence in Abyasiniadind to use that country as a tool to assist in preventing our capture of Khartoum. It has at present placed us face to face with a new triple al- liance in the Ethiopian provinces—namely,France, Abyssinia, and the Khelifa—and with the probabi- lity that the French flag will be hoisted at Khar- toum long before we have reached Meternmeh. And it is the same all round the horison. The Foreign Office has either been asleep or impotent. Lord Rowton's company are building two more model lociaing-hounes.on the same lines as thorn° al- ready in existence ; but to meet the necessities of London, the enterprise would require to be widely varied. It is not impossible that similar buildings. for the poorer classes of women, will also be soon erected. The project has been suggested to Lord Rowton,in whose schemes I infer that her Majesty is taking an interent.from the fast of his being in- cluded in her dinner pnrty at Osborne on New Year's Lay. He shrinks, however, from extending the scheme to wesnen, and this may be expected to be soon taken up by another set of philanthro- pists. There are openings also for similar homes for the various clesses of respectable young men who are employed in different capacities in London and an enterprise of this kind is already uncler con- sideration in some moneyed quarters. What is suc- cessfully done in New 'York can be successfully done here, and I think we are within measurable distance of a great nimber of poor men and women's boarding houses being erected amidst this vast and bewildering population.

-- The French expedition which is said to he within easy reach of Khartoum is the Marchand expedi- tion, which, notwithstanding all the rumours of the last few months, does nct appear to have been broken up at all, If M. Marchand has entered into an alliance with the Khalifa he practically enters upon a state of war with this country. If a seizure nf Khartoum by him should be recognised by the French Government, then an international question of the greatest gravity will arise—nothing less, in fact, than a state of war with France, The succes- sive letters which have reached this country from time to time from members of the expedition dis- close the intense hatred of Enghnd with which its leaders are animated, and their determination to keep us out of Khartoum; and if that key of Egypt is seized by them short would be the official 'life of any Foreigh Minister in France who would order them to abandon it. The moral is that our Foreign (Tice has only wakened up to the situation when it is too late, and that if this morning's telegrams are true the New Year begins with omens much blacker than any which threatened us in the year which has just closed.

There were rumours of startling developments among the advanced Labour party on Monday night, and they are repeated on Tuesday, in connPc- tion with the engineers' strike. These do not refer to renewed negotiation s with the moderate , section of employers, hut to the possibility of I three or four of the most powerful unions ordering a strike for the purpose of disoNanising their own and several other imp-rtmt branches of industry dependent upon them. This project would strike se deeply and widely as to paralyse in effect the general labour of the country. It is true that com- munications have already passed between the more ardent spirits of the labour world here, end their equally ardent colleagues in the unions referred to, but the unions have a considerable way to travel before they could be brought to adopt n policy of that kind. So long as avenues of fresh negotiations are open between the engineers and their employers I no such policy would be cluntenanced, and if the I unions were not well fortified with funds it would end in general disaster to the trade union cause.

There is one circumstance, however, which may accelerate the fulfilment of the rumours referred to, and that is the possibility of the Employers' Feder- ation receiving subsidies from employers in other trades not directly aifected 1 y the strike and lock- out. It is believed, in labour ic:rcles at least, that the Federation intend to chechaa'e the levy by the trade unions by soliciting conti ibutions with a cor-

===== 0002601_18980107_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18980107_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ITEM 07 INTEREST.

An item of interest to anyone afflicted with a had cough, which nothing seems to relieve, is thst which tells him of a certain cure. ANGIEn'S PEITROLTSIIM EMULSION will cure the worst cough—no matter of how long standing--even though other remedies have been tried without effect. It not only cures stubborn eouhs and prevents serious throat and lung troubles, but it promotes appetite, aids digestion. increases weight and strength, and tones up the nervous system. It is pleasant to take and agrees with the most delicate, stomach. It is prescribed by the medical professionoind used In many of the largest hospitals. Of chemists. 2s. 91. and 41. ea. Beware of imitations made with ordinary petroleum. Ask for Anyier's,snd accept no sub- stitute. A sample) bottle sent free on receipt of 3d. to cover postage. The Angler Chemical Co., Limited, 32, Snow Hill, London, B.C.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL NEWS.

The great concern of Sir W. (I. Armstrong, and Co.. Limited, which last year added another ordinance and esgineering works to its widespread business by amalga- mation with Messrs. Whitworth and Co., of Manchester, has now, it is announced, absorbed the well.known Lon- don firm ef Elston and Andersen, Limited, of the Erith Hydraulic and Electrical Works. In the coarse of a political meeting in London, On- tario, on Monday night, • part of the floor of the hall in which it was held caved in, and over 200 persons were precipitated "into a funnel-3hsped thath trap." Twenty-two persons lost their lives.

2..4.V.A1.111hAi

===== 0002601_18980107_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
'HE KITCHEN.

the delicious flavour ox the most tasteless dish, ,e used for Flavouring Gravies, Hashes, and

Made Dishes.

BOVRIL

- FOR -- INVALIDS

Convalescents.

BOVRIL

FOR LUNCH

UPPER

===== 0002601_18980107_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDAY, JANUARY 7 1898. 1 BERYL'S HUSBAND,

MRS. HARRIET LEWIS, AUTHOR OF 61 Dark wsai." I" Lady Kildare," "Sundered & Her Double Life," &e.

CHAPTER XXXIX. A DAWNING OF LIGHT.

In the first moment of his entrance into Octa via's room, Conyers did not see the slender figure in black at the corner of the hearth. His eyes rested on Octavia, Nyho stood, evilly exultant, near the door.

"Well, what is it?" he demanded. "What are you grinning at? What has happened? The earl isn't—" _ _ _

_ "Hush !" said Octavia, with a start and a quick glance over her shoulder, " I've been making a purchase, dear, and I want your opinion. Come, see this lovely embroidery. Miss Star—" Beryl rose slowly up, white as death. Conyers turned his gaze upon her, and glared at her. They confronted each other for a brief space, in a dead silence. Conyer's face grew livid. He stood as one at bay. Octavia's jeering laugh rang through the room. Beryl dropped back into her chair. Conyers muttered an oath so savage that even Octavia shrank back from him, and he strode toward his wronged young wife, his visage terrifying in its blazing wrath, its savage, uncontrollable fury. " You here!" he said, in a hissing voice. "You have tracked me then? You have broken your oath? You have told your lying story to this lady. You—"

"'Stop !" said Beryl, r-ith a stern voice, her sweet face grown stern also. "Are you this lady's husband, Dane Conyers ? " "You know it. Have you not told her?" "Then that story was all true. You had a wife living?" Conyers looked from Beryl to Octavio and back

This lady," said he, indicating Octavia, "is my lawful wife. How dare you come here ? How dare you track me—" _ .

" fhave not tracked you. I came here to bring some work which this lady engaged me to do. I did not know that you lived here," said Beryl. "I have discovered you in your real character by acci- dent. And this lady is your wife also ? " She looked at Octavia pityingly. Her rival flushed back a look of hatred. "She is my lawful wife," said Conyers, driven to desperation, yet struggling to maintain a calm front. "Octavia, what has this girl been telling you ? " "Nothing. I suspected that you had known each other, and contrived to bring you together in order to verify my suspicions," said Octavia, coolly. " Who is this girl, Rollyn ? "I knew her in Switzerland," he answered. "I had a passing fancy for her, and we went through the form ot marriage, but I took care that the form should lack the legality. Why, she is baso- born and poor, and was being educated to become a governess. I amused myself with her for a month and then left her. She found her way to England and entrapped Desmond into a bona fide marriage, and then ran away from him. That s her history." "Alt !" said Octavia. "Does your side of the story differ from this Miss Star?" "Is his name really Conyers—Rollyn Dane Con- yers ?" asked Beryl, gravely. " Yes, that is his name." "He pretended that that name was assumed. It is the name he was married under. We were married at Geneva, Switzerland, by an authorised clergyman, in the English church, in the presence of witnesses, on the twenty-fourth day of last August, and our marriag is duly registered,:' said Beryl, solemnly. "Was your marriage prior to that, madam?"

CHAPTER XL. PACE TO FACE.

Octavia caught her breath sharply. Conyers met her gaze with one of sullen fury and defiance. "You invited the woman here, madam," he said, ironically, "and I wish you joy of her. You can hear her trumped up stories if you choose. I did marry her, but the marriage was not legal. Her name is not Beryl Star. Heaven only knows her parentage !" Beryl's form quivered as under a blow. Conyers addressed himself to her.

"I am Lord Hawkhurst's heir, and shall be next Earl of Hawkhurst. Do you think I would ally myself to a nameless creature like you? Does it look reasonable? Our marriage was not legaL Find your clergyman and witnesses, and see what they will prove. You have no more right to my name than to that of Star. Dare to attempt to hunt me down, and you will rue the day you were born. Any charge against me most recoil on your- self. According to your own story, you have two husbands living!" "I have not come here to expose you, and I have nothing more to say," said Beryl, quietly. "I am poor and friendless, but I would die in the Thames sooner than take my position as your wife. It may be all as you say. I may have been cheated; the marriage may not have been legal ; you may have been previously married to this lady. Whatever the truth, I shall never seek to know it, I have no friends to be wounded by my misfortunes, and I am content to leave my case in the hands of Him who knows all. But I can never sink so low as to lay any claim to you, Dane Conyers. You and this lady need have no fear of me l" _ _

---- • lier lip curled ins. acorn she could not conceal. She arose and took up her scattered drawings, the most cool and self-posaeased of the three.

- - - "I am sure I don't fear you," said Octavia, Insolently. "You did right not to call yourself by my husband's name, girl. You need not trouble yourself to complete those embroideries for me. Rollyn, dear, will you open the door?" Conyers sprang forward and did her bidding. More, he went out into the hall with Beryl, and appealed to her, in a whispering voice, to keep his miserable secret and spare him from exposure. " Our marriage was not legal," he said, eagerly. "I imposed a fraud upon you. Octavla is my actual wife, but I loved you better than I have ever oved her. Will you keep your oath, Bay', not to betray the fact of our marriage—yours and mine?" "I shall never break my word, Dane. I promised to keep the secret 80 long as you let rue alone, I believe it is possible that I may be your lawful wife, but I am only too glad to be released from the hate- ful bonds our marriage imposed upon me. Ido not know quite what is right, nor quite what is the truth, but I cannot be doing wrong in leaving you and her in peace. Rest assured, I shall not expose you !" She moved toward the stair. lie went back into Octavia's room, heavy-hearted ad solely troubled.

Oetavia met him with the countenance of a fury. "Is that creatures story true?" she demanded. "You have no timid, ignorant school-girl to deal with now, whom a word can deceive. I deniand the truth from your lips, if you can speak the truth. Was that creature known as your wife? And were you married to her, as Bhe said?" " That creature's story in 80 far is true." "Was—is she your lawful wife ? " "No. There were irregularities that made the marriage null and void. She was pure and good, and thought herself my wife. If she had been well- born and rich, I should have made the marriage legal." "Can I believe you?" "You are better aware of your own capabilities in that line than I am," he replied, scoffingly. " Will the girl make a scandal ?" "No • I have her word—her sworn oath—that she will never proclaim our marriage. She's honour itself, and would go to the stake rathei than break her word. You have nothin,g to fear from ter." "But have you nothing to fear from me? Sup- pose I expose you to Lord Ha.wkliurst."

"And cut yourself oat of a home? Come, come Octavia. Let my faults alone. You were an in- carnate fraud, pretending to be an heiress and all that, and you couldn't have expected to ally your- self to an angel. I have overlooked your faults; you must overlook mine. To expose me is to ruin yourself."

Meanwhile, Beryl had descended the stairs. As she gained the lower hall the door of the library opened, and Lord Hawkhurst, attired for a journey, a hook in hand, came out, meeting her face to face.

He stood still, as in a species of fascination. Something in the pale, spirited, lovely face touched his heart; or it might have been the sad, uncon- scioueseeching in her vivid brown eyes, as they uplifted to him. He noted that she had a small, noble head, crowned with short, red curls; that kat biututy wail of a striking and glorious type, and

,

as* she had the bearing of—a lad-y. He slipposed her to be a morning visitor of Octavia. He raised his hat to her almost unconsciously, and halted, with a respectful gesture to her to pass on. Beryl bowed in acknowledgment of the cour- tesy and walked on. He looked after her, his hat still in his hand, his soul in his eyes. As she neared the vestibule, her small fur boa fell from her neck. She caught it, adjusted it, and in doing so detached the necklace she always wore, with its pendant ornament—the pigeon's-blood ruby. Lord Hawkhurst saw it fall • but before he could speak, Beryl had passed out of the door and was gone.

The earl hurried forward and caught up the ornament. A single glance at it was sufficient to plunge him into a most profound agitation. He clutched it tightly in his hand and bounded out into the street.

Beryl was not in sight, but a cab was whirling down the street, and he sprang to the conclusion that she was in it.

"Too late!" he muttered. "What was he doing here? I must know."

He put the necklace in his pocket, and strode back into the house. He deposited his hat in the hall and hurried upstairs into Mrs. Conyers's bou- dour. Octavia's voice bade him enter. Octavia herself met him just within the door, her face bearing traces of recent passion. "Is it you, my Lord?" she ejaculated, in a real alarm. "Won't you come in? This is an unexpec. ted honour." She believed for the moment that Beryl had told her story to his lordship. A moment's reflection assured her that there had been no time for such communication, and her courage began to return to her.

"Excuse my abrubtness, my dear," said Lord Hawkhurst. "I have not come for a visit, only to inquire the name of the young lady who passed out just now. Who was she, Octavia ?" The sickening sensation returned to Octavia's heart.

"Young lady ? " she faltered. "I have seen no young lady this morning." - -

- "She did not see you then? Strange ! She came down the stairs. She was unmistakably a lady. I am sorry to have disturbed you. I will ask Butters. I ought, indeed, to have done so at first."

A consultation between his lordship and Butters would inevitably result in a discovery to the earl that the visitor had been up to Mrs. Conyers's apartments. Octavia took the alarm. "Stay," she said, pretending to reflect. "Was the person about whom you are inquiring, a young girl dressed in black 1" "Yes, yes." " Has she red hair?"

"Yes; she has red hair." "I remember, now," said Octavio.. "Why, she is but just gone. You called her a young lady,' and that misled me. She is only a sewing girl whom I have employed to work embroidery for me. She just came to fetch home her work. There it is on the table yonder. I should BO like your opinion upon it. I paid her a very extrava• ga.nt price for rt."

"A sewing-girl !" repeated the earl, mechanic- ally. " What is her name ?" "Mary Jones," said Octavia, uttering the first name that occurred to her. "She is supporting her invalid parents, she told me. A very worthy young woman, sir."

"Yes, yes, no doubt," said the earl, breathing heavily. "And her name is Mary Jones? I—l thought—excuse me, my dear; I will go down again. I shall not be in at dinner. lam about to make a little journey, and shall probably not be home till morning. Good-bye, my dear.' He held out his hand, shook hers warmly, pressed a kiss on her dark forehead, and hurried out.

"What do his inquiries mean ? " questioned oe- tavia of herself, when his heavy tread was heard descending the stairs. She hastened to her husband's dressing-room. Lord Hawkhurst returned to the lower hall and again put on his hat. He was anxious and ex- cited. He believed Octavia's story implicitly, yet some undefined impulse cause d him to question the hall-porter as he opened the door to go out. "Butters," said he, speaking with affected care- lessness, "the young lady who went out just now lost her necklace, as you saw. I must take means to restore it to her, if she should not return to inquire after it. Mrs. Conyers tells me that she is a sewing-girl. If she should come again let me know. I want to see her. Do you remember her name, Butters?"

"Yes, my Lord. She said it was Miss Star." " What I What name did you say" Star, my Lord."

Lord Hawkhurst passed down his steps and moved down the street. He signalled a cab at the nearest corner, and soon after was seated in a first. class compartment of a railway-coach, whirling swiftly through the winter day and the Surrey country, on his way to Starwood.

CHAPTER XLL LORD HAWKHURST AT STARWOOM

The short February afternoon was drawing to its close when Lord Hawkhurst drove in at the open gates of StArwood farm, and alighted at the hospitable porch.

The cabman blanketed his horse, and sank clown deeper into the warmth and protection of his man!. fold capes, while the earl rang the knocker loudly. Steps were heard shuffling over the bare floor of the hall, and old Margot, with a candle held far above her head. and with a peering gaze in her old sunken eyes, looked out at the visitor. "Is it news of the master ? " she asked, in a querulous voice. "Oh, it's a stranger, eh I Come in, sir._ Come in !"

'She flung the door open wide, and Lord Hawk- hurst entered the hall, which, uncarpeted and un- furnished, was dreariness itself. Old Margot, her candle still held above her head, the yellow light flickering with her movements led the way through the long hall to the kitchen, or " house- place " beyond. "There is no fire in the master's room," she said, apologetically. "Sit down, sir. Did you wish to see the master ? "

'I ho earl ;e-Plied in the affirmative, with a curious. glance about him and at the old housekeeper. "The master went away quite unoxpeetediy, last night," explained old Margot. "A gentleman came up from London with ill news, and the master went away with him, saying he should not return under a day or two. Perhaps, sir, you are come upon the same business as the other?"

_ She looked at the earl sharply. He rubbed his gloved hands together, but shook his head as he replied: "My business has no connection with that of any other. Can I not see Mrs. Star.

"The master is not married, si:." "Not married? Can I not see his sister—his father—"

"He has no sister, sir. And his father died, seventeen years ago, of a broken heart," said old Margot, as calmly as if she were mentioning a very common disease.

The earl had half risen. He sank back in his chair again. "A broken heart I That's a rare malady," he observed, but his voice had lost something of its calmness. "Is there no lady at the head of Mr. Star's house, my good woman? Has he no con- fidential friend, no trusted relative, with whom I can have speech for a few moments?" "There's no one but me, sir. The master lives here like a hermit, as one might say. I know all his family affairs better than any one beside him- self. I mind the master when he was a wee lad, as gay and lightsome as he is now hard and bitter. I I nursed Miss Jenny in those arms from the very hour of her birth. I know the Stars root and branch. If you want to talk of family affairs, you can talk to me almost as well as to the master him- self, sir."

There was a suppressed anxiety in the old woman's face and manner that declared her expec• taut and solicitous to hear some especial tidings. The earl hesitated. He was averse to speaking to this trusted old servant of her master's family affairs; but he, too, had heavy anxieties, and it seemed to him that he could not wait until he should be able to discover Mr. Star. He was not here to pry out secrets, but to ask a few questions which it would not be treason to her employer if old Margot should answer. While he deliberated, she exclaimed

"You need not be afraid to speak to me, sir. I know my place, and I should npt answer any ques- tions I ought not to. The master knows that he may trust me as himself. I may say that I brought him up, and Miss Jenny—" "Miss Jenny?" said the earl, huskily. "The master's sister, sir. She died young. She is buried near London. She was a great beauty, sir, and as innocent and pure_ RA an angetr-my poor

lainb F My poor lamb I" said old Margot:her voice suddenly changing to a sort of low, wailing tone.

The earl was silent for a brief space, and his face was averted. Presently he said, very quietly: "I am come hero, my good woman, to ask Mr. Star a very simple question. Perhaps you can answer it. Who is the girl known as Beryl Starr'

Old Margot uttered a quick ejaculation, and came nearer to the visitor, her features working, her dull old eyes emitting an unwonted gleam. "I was right ! " she exclaimed. "You have come upon the same business that took the master away. Where is Miss Beryl? Where is she ? " "Answer my questions first. First of all tell me who is the gentleman who came from London and took Mr. Star away with him?" "His name is Desmond, and he's married to Miss Beryl," said old Margot, flinging reticence to the winds under the belief that this stranger knew the entire story of Beryl's disappearance. "I heard him say that he had traced out the master, and believed Miss Beryl to belong to this family, and he took the master to London with him." "It was Noble Desmond. He is searching for his lost wife everywhere, poor fellow. I saw her to-day—" " To-day ? You saw her? Then she is not dead? She has not killed herself? She was safe Was she safe? Oh, sir, I am half mad with the trouble—"

"She was safe and well," said the earl, kindly. "She is earning her living with her needle." "Safe and well! The good Lord be praised!" sobbed the old woman, in an uncontrollable joy. "Oh, sir, I never slept last night for thinking of her. The poor disowned lamb! She's had a hard life, sir, from her very birth. She was brought up in a school in Switzerland, and never had a home. She never had any one to cuddle her up, as mothers do their children, to pet her, to love her. And when she came here a while ago, in the winter's cold, beggin' g as you might say, for a shelter and a kind word as you'd fling to a dog, the master pelted her with hard words as they were stones, and turned her out of the house, and she went out into the great world, sir' to earn her own bread, and barely seventeen, and a stranger in England! And when Mr. Desmond found the master out, and came here and said she was missing, the master turned white as a sheet. He thought as he had driven her to her death, as the world had proved too much for her, as she had worked and starved, and gone voluntarily to her death." The woman laughed and wept together. The earl was greatly moved by her agitation. Her words had smitten him as so many knife-thrusts. "You love Miss Beryl very dearly? " he said. "Yes, I love her, and I pity her. I love her because she has no one else to love her, because she has been misused all her life." " Was not Mr. Star kind to her?" " Kind ! He hated her. He would have been glad to have her die, although not by her own hand. That would have looked as if he had driven her to it."

"Why should he hate her! Had she ever harmed him ? "

"Never, except in her coming into the world." The earl started. "How (lid her birth wrong him?" he asked. " I cannot tell you, sir." "Is Beryl Star her real name?" "It is the name the master gave her, sir. She had no right to any." " Mrs. Beryl looked very pale and thin," he ob. served. " She has had a hard life, as you say. I do not wonder that Mr. Star feels burdened with remorse."

"Did you come to him with a message from her, sir ?"

"She did not send me, but I am come upon her account," replied the earl, evasively. "You need not be so reticent with me, my good woman. I presume any neighbours of yours could tell me all I want to kno

"No one in this neighbourhood knows of the existence even of Miss Beryl." "No one ? " The earl was surprised. "Is she not an acknowledged member of the family Z " . ..

pld Margot shoco'k her head. 1" What relation does she bear to Mr. Star?" "She is his niece."

An unguarded admission. Old Margot was angry with herself the moment she had made it. Its effect upon the earl was most marked and singular. He uttered a strange, low cry, and his form quivered as under a galvanic shock. He gasped for breath, and fell back in his chair. Old Margot ran to him in terror. As she approached, he feebly waved her back, and said hoarsely

am not well, I think. Don't disturb your. WI. I shall be myself presently. His niece I His niece, you said ' He removed his hat, and wiped his brows,vvhich were wet with sweat. Old Margot watched him closely, with new and strange ideas forming in her mind. There was a long silence. "This girl Beryl is the daughter of Jenny Star. Poor girl ! I must go hack to London by the first train. I must find her immediately. I can readily obtain her address. Oh I why did I not know! Why did I not guess?" His voice was broken; his soul agitated to its depths. " I don't remember having ever seen you before," said old Margot, "but I have my suspicions that you knew Miss Jenny. After she died there was a man came here to inquire after her. He seemed a lawyer sort of man. I think he had been sent here by Miss Jenny's lover, and the master thought so, too. The master told him that Miss Jenny was dead, and told him where she was buried. But the master did not tell him that Miss Jenny left a child? How could he? I think you have heard the whole story from Miss Beryl. I cannot think that you would make a mock of the good name of this family. The master has been hard and cruel, but no one knows what he has suffered. He loved Miss Jenny with a love that was real worship. She was his pride, his idol. He found her in a London lodg- ing-house alone. She gave birth to this child, Miss Beryl, and died. There was no wedding-ring upon I her finger; no husband beside her to cheer her last moments. She never even said that she was married. But I know that she was pure and good till the last. And—" Old Margot's eyes gleamed, and she raised her hand high above her head— "may God's bitterest curse light upon the husband who deserted her May his nights be sleepless, his days full of bitterness. May he be baulked in all his hopes and desires I" "All this aud more have come to him," said the earl, with a groan. "He who caused her death has been punished. She is avenged." He put on his hat and strode to the door, feeling blindly for the latch. Old Margot would have detained him further, but he hastened on to the outer door and gave himself egress. The cabman was asleep on the box. Lord Hawkhurst roused him up and entered the cab, and the vehicle rolled out of the Star wood grounds, and old Margot stood in the doorway gazing after it, a pale light behind her outlining her form. ( To be continued).

EXTRAORDINARY COUGH CURB. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—For Coughs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—For Cs Ads. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Asthma. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Cenghs.—Bronehltis. _Powell's Balsam of Aniseed —Coughs.—Lung Troubles. Powell's Bale ins of Aniseed —Coughs.—Night Con.;hs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Cougus,—lnfluenza. Powell's Balsam of Maiseed—Coughs.—Relleyes Instantly. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs..safe and Reliable. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Fst dslished 20 yeas s. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—Refuse Imitations, Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Coughs.—sold by Chemists. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed—Potties, Is. lid., 2s. 3d. Bee Trade Mask—Lion, Net. and Mouse, on Wrapper.

• FLORILINE I—FoR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thororighly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents taresr, stops decay, and gives to the teethe peculiar pearly whitenemand a delight :tit fracranee to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar ior the Florin's° "Powder," of all Chemeste and Perfumers, dvt.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
wp,I;RINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB-.

FIX"FURES AND SCORES.

POINTS. rOll ACM'. Sept. 4—Tyldesley a 0 19 11—Rochda1n H., h 18—W1g,n, a 0 3 25—Stockport, h Oet. 2—Broughton R.. h 9—Swinton, h 16—Morecambe, a l3 0 23—St. Helens, a . 30—Lelgh. h Rev, 6—St. Helens Rees, h ........... ... 8 2 13—Runcorn, a 3 5 20—Salford, a 3 13 27—Rochda,• N., a Dee. 4—Tyldesley, h 2 11—Oldham a ... ___.

...... 0 18 —Wigan, h ... 25—Widnes, h 27-6 t. Helens. h jan• I—Leigh, a . 8 —Morecambe, h 15—Oldham, h 22—Salford, h 29—Stockport, a Feb. s—Swinton. a 19 —Wigan h 26—Cup Tie (Wakefield Trinity a) Mar. 12—Runcorn, h April. 2—Broughton ii. , B—Widnes, a 9—Birkenhead Wanderers h. 11—Lancaster h 16—St, Helena Recs. a 23—Birkenhead Wanderers a 31—Champions V. Rest

===== 0002601_18980107_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB. --- FIXTURES AND SCORES.

POLITO. FOB AIM. Sept. 4—Rochdale H. II 11—Tyldeeley, h 18-01dham,a 20—Stockport a 25—Leigh, a Oct. 2—Widnes, h 2 0 9-11dorecambe,h 2l 2 16—Altrineham a _ _ .

23—St. Helens Rees. h __ _

30 St. Helens, is Nov. 6—Altrincham, h 13—Warrington, h i 3 20- 27—Broughton R, h 2 S Dec. 4—Salford, Is S 21 11—Tyldesley, a 5 6 18—Swinton a

25—St. Helens, a 27—Stockport, h Jan. I—Rochdale H, a 0 3 3—Broughton IL a 0 16 8 —Leigh. h 15—Salford, a 22- 29—Morecambe, a Feb. s—Wigan, h • 12—Swinton, Is 19—Widnes, a 26—Blverston, a Mar. 6—Cup Tie 12—Warrington, a 19—St. Helens It, 26—Cup Tie 2—Oldham, h 9—Cup Tie I!—Birkenhead W,ll 16—Wigan, a 23—Cup Tie 30—Birkenhead W, a

WIDNES FOOTBALL CLUB.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

70E. AGEIT. Sept. 4—Wigan, n 11—Salford, a 7 a 18—Broughton liangers, a 3 3 25—Roehdale Hornets, h Oct. 2—Runcorn, a 9—Leigh, h 16—St. Helens. a 23—Morecambe, h 3O ...... 3 30—Rochdale Hornets, a lB 8 Nov. 6-01dham, h 13—Tyldes1ey, a 20- 27—Stockport, h Doc. 4—Morecambe, a postponed 11—Salford. h 25 6 18—TyMosley, h 25—Warrington, a ZO 3 27 Jan. I—Wigan, a B—Oldham, a 15—Lal vb. _

22 St. Helene Roes., h 29—St. Helena Recs., a Feb. s—Broughton Rangers, h • 12-Btockport, a 19—Runcorn. h ........ ......... 26 Liversedge, h Mar. s—Cup 1 12—Swinton a

19—Cup Tie 26—Cup Tie pl. 2—St. Helens, h B—Warrington. h 9—Cup Tie 11—

a—Swinton. la 2;.l—Cup Tie 3n-

TO DAY'S MATCHDS. The following matches will be plavel to-day In the Lanca- shire Senior Competition, the same being played on the ground at the first-named club : Warriligton v. Morecambe. St. Helene v. Swinton Runcorn. v. Leigh, Oldham v. Widnes. Broughton Ranger 3 V. Rochdale Hornets. Stockport,v, Wigan Tyldesley v. Salford,

===== 0002601_18980107_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEVERAGE OF THE PEOPLE.

Let us glance at the ordinary breakfast beverages of the people. Tea, even if properly infused, is only a stimulant. It is not a nourishing beverage, and as usually decocted is washy, trashy, and deleterious. Coffee, even when of the best, and prepared in p tion as you will find in the East, where Mahommedans are forbidden by their religion to use alcohol, is only a cardiac or heart stimulant. It increases for a short time the power of that organ without being in any sense of the word a nourishio.; beverage. Cocoa —The ordinary cocoa is not by any means a nourishing beverage. Its good qualities either in the English or foreign varieties are smothered in starch and sugar that induce and promote indigestion. Dr. Ttbbles Vi-Cocoa is a nourishing beverage, con- taiuMg four great restorers of vitality, Cocoa, Kola Hops, and Malt. It stands out as a builder up of tissues a promoter of vigour, and in short it has all the factors which make robust health. Being a deliciously flavoured neverage it pleases the rnost fastidious palate. Its ac- tive powers of diastase give tone to the stomach, and promote the flow of gastric juice, and however indiges- tible the food taken with it at any meal, it acts as a solvent and assimilative. All the leading medicitl journals recommend Dr. Tib- bles' Vi-Cocoa,and Dr. 0.11. Elaslam writes:_...": vltguie f veos me great pleasure in bearing testimny to the Vi-Cocoa,a mixture of Malt, Hops, Kola, and Caracas Cocoa Extract. 1 consider it the very best preparation of the kind in the market,and,as a nourishing drink for children and adults,the finest that has ever been brought before the public. As a eenrral beverage it exels all previous preparations. No house should be without it." Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa can be obtained from all chem- its, grocers, and stores, rr from Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa, Limited, 60, 61 and 62, Bunhill Row, London, E.C.• As an unparalleled test of merit a,dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa if be sent post free on appli- cation to any address, t when writing (a postcard will do the reader will name the " Warrington Examiner."

The Iltoyal Laundresses say Critchley's " STAR= Mos is unequalled for imparting a beautiful finish to garotted linen. Bcc., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr.—. Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss. " From Mrs.—, Bradford :—Dear sir,— lam pleased to Inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polisher., but find none equal to yours." It should be need in every house. Sold at it, 3d., and 6d., by most starch sellers. If hot in stock will procure it. •T. Clarrrirtx: Blackburn. Proprietor.-4 dvt. r, CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure. in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwaris of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers, The Lincoln and Midland Comities Drug Company, Lincoln,- 44d6t.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
three box-pit Price 10/6 com- plete. Safely packed and carriage! paid, 04.„ extra. Skirt alone for 1

5/6. Carriage -61:

===== 0002601_18980107_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN NOBL

WOMEN'S CHAT.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
E, LTD.,

icrirci: *WI' made train. (Carriage 9d).

Now the Christmas and New Year festivities have come and gene,many of us are feeling just a little fiat. We had looked forward to them so long, and when at last the season cameet was so soon over. But there are otherienotably surly old cynics, who consider Christmas a nuisance, and think, with satisfaction, that almost 12 whole months must pass before they can again be bothered with all the nonseasicel rubbish,indulged in at this season of the year. Such members of the commu- nity however,are distinctly to be pitied. If we would be happy ourseives,we most make others happysaud this should be no difficult task,for the children and the poor are always with us. Christmas Day is almost the only one in the year when her Majesty allows herself a rest from letter writing. She has all her long life kept up a voluminous corres- pondence with members of her family. Her Private let- ters are rarely dictated, and the volumes of manuscript she has written would fill a very deep and substantial shelf. " Always your affectionate mother V.R.1.," is how the Queen signs herself in her letters to her sons and daughters. The quer Lion as to how the debts of the late'Duchess of Teck (which amount to over £30,000) are to be met, has yet to be decided. With regard to the statements that have been made from time to time concerning the disposal of the artistic treasures of White Lodge, as a means of raising this sum, such a mode of procedure would be impessible. When the Dachess of Teck occa- pied White Ledge in 1883, all she took with her was her plate, china, and jeweis, some objects of art, and otier personal property. All the furniture and almoseall the treasures of White Lodge, belong to the Queen. The late Duchesses dressers are now provided fer. One is to be allowed an annuity of £5), the other has the Queen for her mistress. Toe chief butler, too, is to be remembered when a vacancy occurs among Her Majesty's messengers. One of the duties of these func- I tionaries, by the way, is distinctly carious. When any members of the Royal Family are expected at a railway station, the messenger sent thither only waits to see them arrive, and then gallops rapidly back to let the I Queen know that her guests are actually on the way to her gates. It is to be regretted that poplin i 3 not making much progress. There are really only eight manufacturers of this excellent fabric in Irelacreend there seems te be no immediate demand for more. Tne feeling of to-day is rather for glistening silks that shine brightly and wear out quickly, and so create the necessity for something new. Poplin was first made in Avignon, In the fifteenth century, and was first introduced into Ireland, some say in the seventeentb. others the eighteenth century. A revival of plush is the latest item of note, in the millinery world.. The mode though is not likely to be long lived, so far as up-to-date womea are cencerned. Once " in," plush is usually taken up by" Arriet " with such enthusiastn, that it is very quickly " out" again. Just now however, it is in its first stage of hold, yet hesi- tating novelty, and therefore has its charm. The January sales are in full swing, and first and foremost among the bargains of the hour, coins furs. Fur capes are en evidence at less than half price, at many large establishments, and a purchase of this description could scarcely fail to prove an excellent investment, for U all specimens happened to be built full, and ample. last autumn, we shall be quite on the right elde this year, in the matter of material. Although tight-lacing is by no means so general as it wee, there CHI remain women, whose one ambition (judging by the size of the waists) would appear to be— an early grave. British women ridicule—and naturally too—the absurd custom which causes women in China to Cramp their feet, till walking becomes almost impos- sible, yet many of them do not give a thought, tipper- ently, to the absurdity and folly of compressing their lungs till they can scarcely breathe, their hearts till pal- pitation and faintine are produced, and other internal organs to such an extent that the displacement and dis- tortion must result in present suffering and future illness. The atheletic movement of the last few years has done much to counteract the evil of tight-lacing,but much re- mains yet to be hoped for, in this direction. The corset is of great antvity, but it was not used much in this country before the 11th and 12th centuries. In the 14th century a small waist for a women was an es tablished fact,and was regarded as essential to a bsauti-- fist figure. Dress was a great deal thought of in the reign I of Queen Elizabeth, and treat extremes were aspired to by every woman. Tne fashion of small waists canoe to each a pitch at the time of the French Revolutien, that a reaction set in, and for a time dress somewhat in the Greek style prevailed. We are all familiar with this I Style, and know it under the name of the "Empire." I ' might also say that women have not been alone in the folly of tight lacing, for men of fashion in the 16t cen- tury carried it to a great pitch, Henry the Third of France leading the m It appears that in many New York churches, a "church maid "is now employed ! Gowned in plain black, and adorned with a white cap and apron, she nioves swiftly yet silently aboitt,shows visitors to seats, lends hymn books,and imparts any desired information in connection with the church. This useful damsel also cares for the vestry,and gives the edifice many touches , of which the janitor is incapable. And there areet seems, across the Atlantic, over 200 women who have ben regularly ordained as ministers, beeides nearly three times as many evangelists and lay preachers. One can but fervently hope they will remain where they are. Women preachers have yet to prove themselves a success. So far as my own experience is Concerned, I have always found that there is more energy than argument about a feminine discourse. Paper bicycles have appeared upon the scene ! One owned by a bicycle agent, is now in use in Lendon,and a factory for the r roduction of bicycles of this descrip- tion is said to be contemplated. Bottles too, for use on board ship particularly, are being made of paper. In bad weather much damage has been done by the break- ing of bottles of wine and other liquors, in the store rooms of vessels, in spite of every precaution, bat the new paper bottles will, it is supposed, quite do away with this troable. Tney can be handled very roughly, without the least apprehension of damage or destruc- tion. If girls would retain well-shaped lips, they must re- frain from biting them. All the cold cream, lip Naivete and glycerine lotions introduced upon the toilet table will not reme ler the p ached, cracked appearance due to continual lip-biting. Girls frequently drift into this ugly practice through a foolian vanity that prompts them to " wear their dimples "all the time. Others bite their lips from nervousness' and sometimes if a girl has palelcolourless lips, she will try to revivify them by en occasional pressure with her teeth. After a time, however, she nibbles away unconsciously, and bye-and- re her mouth loses its pretty curves, becomes rough gig:32lff, looking, and all the charm of her face is GER a lien Ounerre.—Beat the yolk of two eggs. mix teaspoonful of flour and one of cornfleur, with a tablespoonful of cold milk, and stir into it the eggs. Pour into thi • s a breakfast cupful of boiling milk, etirring all the time, sweeten and flavor, according to taste. When ready to hake the omelette beat the whites of the eggs to a stiff froth, and add them with half a tea- spoonful of bakine-powder, to the other ingredients. Ruh two pudding Plates with a knob of butter,pour into them the mixture, and bake in a hot oven for ten minutes. Fold them ever on a fist dish, sprinkle with sifted sugar, and serve het. " MADGE."

I

===== 0002601_18980107_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESTER.

~ Noble Costu,. only be obtained ti

===== 0002601_18980107_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

A meeting of this. Council was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall, Warrington, on Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Alderman Wright) presided, and there were also present. Aldermen Sutton, Greenall, Hutchinson, Bolton. Councillors Roberts, Shaw Green, Plampton, Smethurst, Long- ton Bennett, Evans, Ellison, Burton, Tinuion, Peacocke, F. R. Roberts, Rogers, Shillcock, Monks, Furness, Jolley, Lee, J. Roberts, Heaton. Crostield, Grace, with Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr. Longdin (borough surveyor), Mr. Deas (sanitary engineer), Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk), Dr. Oornall (medical officer), ant:, Mr. Haddock (gas engineer). PROPOSED NEW POLICE STATION.—THE BATTLE OF THE SI rE3.--MAGIS CR ATE 3 AND CRIMINALS. The Watch Committee reported that having carefully considered the question of a site for the new police office it had resolved that the Council be recommended to select the sit) adjoining the Volunteer premises near the Town Hall. The MAYOR moved and Alderman Surrox seconded the adoption of the minutes. Councillor GRACE moved as an amendment that the minutes be confirmed with the exception of the resolu- tion relating to the new police offices. Ha felt that they had no right to cover up any open space in the centre of thetown,as the policy of every municipal body in modern times seemed to be to retain as many lungs as possible for the benefit of the people, and to build upon the proposed site would be a piece of folly which the ratepayers would not altogether approve of. The committee should take into cmiideration the question of the Drill Shed. 'roe Volunteers were the tenants of the Corporation, and the premises could be taken over and the police court and the bridewell built there, as well as anything else which might be required for the police administration of the town. The Volunteers could have the Old Barracks near Bulk Qaty railway station. The Corporation wou'd then have an oppor- tunity of widening Bath-street and making another approach to the Park and to the Town Hill. They could also, fix in Bath-street the bridewell as well as the drill accommodation, and the front or the Police Court could b- made to face the open space which it was the inten- tion of the committee to build upon, ant they could re- tain the laod as an opea space. It could be laid out in walks.

Councillor Baesergre secended the amendment, and complained that, although the committee might have facts before them which proved the site they recom- mended to be the best, thee had been singularly secre- tive in regard to them. He did not think it was right that they should drag into the centre of the town which ought to be architecturally the best portion of the town, that unfortunate element which approximates to police courta. If, however, all egress to the court and cella cou'cl be from Legh-st., and not from that side at all, that would minimise thi Obi ctioas he had to the site ; but still serious objections existed. His principal objec- tion to the site Was the one which had been raised by Councillor Grace. In a crowded towa like Warrington, which was growing rapidly every day, it was most de- sirable to retain every open spice that Was possible. (Hear, heir.) He advocated the selection of the Town , Hill site, although the ideal sire was that near the new County Court—the Canty Court on one side and the Police Court on the other side. ! Councillor LONGTON asked for more information as to the manner in wnich the building would be ap• ! prnached. The Mayon said he would read a brief report which had been prepared by the Bsrough Surveyor. It seemed to be the opinion of some that the Corporation would encroach upon land in front of the Town Hall, but he could assure th mm that they would not encroach a single inch. It was not intended to have the loafers in front of toe Park. (Hear, hsar, and laughter.l His Worship then read the report as folio vs :—"4lh January, 1893. New Police S-Ation Buildings.—lt s-ems to be believed that, if the site suggoatel by the Watch Committee Is adopted, a portion of the drive from the Town Hall to Sankey-street will be taken up tor the purpose of the building. I can assure the Council that it is riot the wish of the Watch Committee ta take any land from the Park, but that the front of the buildings will be behind the present ext,ting brick wall which divides the pro- perty lately purchased from the late Lord Winmarleigh'a estate, known as Bank House, from the Park. Until Sankey-street is widened there will be an entrince to to the courts from Sankey-street for magistrates and solicitors only. All prisoners and police work will be carried out by an entrance from Bath-street, so that their need be no fear that any pris mers or those associ- ated with police work will be admitted to the buildings from Sinkev -Str.PE by the present avenue leading up to tne Town Tae Watch Committee are decided upon this point, and in their instructions for competitive de- signs it will bo one of the chief points to be noticed. It is suggested that the officers' quarters connected with the Drill Sued he taken down to widen out the road leading from Bath-street, but the Drill Shed will remain as a parade room for the police. No doubt the Volun- teers would be allowed to use the Old Barracks, Wilson Patten-street, which is the property of the Corporation. Alderman SOTTO E said the question had been consi- dered and re-considered, and the c.enrnittee bad unani- mously come to the decision that the site proposed was the best one. Other sites had been considered,including Town-hill and the Old Barracks, but the site which the committee had now selected was the most central,and it was also toe best they could possibly have for a Police S:ation. The argument with regard to open spaces was all very well in its way. It was well to have as many open spaces as possible., but they most take into consi- &nation the fact that they could not very well afford to have open space; in the most valuable parts of Warring- ton. (Hear,hear, and " glestion.) lie did not think they could. Unless they did something at once they stood in constant risk of losing the Govarnmont He felt satisfied that they could not do better than they had done in advising the Council to accept the site se- ' leotel by the committee. Councillor HENRY ROBERTS said he would support the amendment whieh had been prepoaei. Ile would give the committee every credit that was due to them, but he was not satisfied with the conclusions to which they had come. As to whether it was wise or unwise to keep all the ground uucoverel in the centre of the town, there was room for two opMieria. ' His own opinion was in favour of retaining as much open ground as possible in the centre of the towa. Ills objection to the minute was the same as it was when proposed in slightly differ- ent phrasealogy SORI3 weeks ago. Taey asked the corn naittee to come before them with their plans completed* but they had shelved the more important question• They did not submit the plans. The MAY)R It is impossible until we have settled upon tbe site. Councillor McKay ROBERTS said he differed from the Mayor on that point. It; was possible for the committee to submit plans without committing themselves to any particular site. Tney could say what their requirements were. There seemed to be a grave objection to the erection of this important building in that particular place. He did not know how they were going to get access from Legh-streec. The MAYOR ; Easily.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JA.NUARY 7, 1898.

Councillor lIENar ROBERT YOU are going to get access of a sore, tyit ac,iess that is desirable. I don't know where vou ii.n entrance trona Sankey. street of a proper en iraeter. I %cant, to see tn., c inkite plane---lot the elevations. lhe MAYOR ll,w can •.e 1.6 C Rr,t'litetf.74 to seat ;ft plans unless we h4ve chnsqn the site ? Councilllr HENRY ROBERTS I think there is a staTe before we come to that.Tne competition mainly referred to the question of elevation. The MAYOR t I don't know that. .

Councillor 11. ROBERTS:: YOU know what number of rooms you require. The MAYOR : It has all been placed before you before. Councillor El. Roarterssaid he did net approve of the way it had been set before them. Aay business man would require more information than they had yet got before entering upon such an expenditure as was now proposed. Councillor Burerou did not think they had got suffii- Pot information yet. tle was of opinion that the Watch Committee ought to have invited the whole of the mein- berg of the Council to inepect the sugeested sites. If they saw then they would then certainly he able to form a :setter idea of whet was required. (Atm, hear.) tie contended that no part of the Park shouid be appro- priated for the purposes of a Police Court. The Mayon-: I can assure you that we have no idea of infringing upon one single inch of the open space in front of the Town Hall. Cossocillor Sercriseasr said kis mind at one tinge had been made up almost entirely to vote against the scheme suggested in the minutes, but having , that c,vening heard the report of the Borough Sur- , vevar he felt disposed to agree to the site near the Drill Hall. He should, therefere, support the minutes of the Watch Committee. At the same time, he very mach appreciated the excellent suggestion which had , been made by Councillor Burton,that the Council should be taken into the confidence of the committee and have an opportunity of inspeetieg the suggested sites. If the suggestion was approved it would help matters very ma- ,(Hear, hear.) Councillor TINNION said he had been expecting some , information that would have helped them to come to a decision. Chairmen and deputy-chairmen of commit- tees appeared to be under the impressioa that certain members of the Council had the gift of second-sight,and could discern everything without explanation. No in- formation had at present been given to the Council with regard to the site that was, in his opinion, sufficient to assist them to`come to a cenclusion upon it ; espezially in such an important matter as the present. It seemed to him that the plans had been prepared to suit the site. They should ilrst decide the character of the building and then procure the site. (Hear,hear.) The Mayon You are wrong there altogsther. Alderman SUTTON : Nothing of the sort. The MAYOR : We know what we want. Vre want you to say wnere the site shall be. Councillor TINNION said Warrington was not very rich in buildings they had reason to be proud of, and he ob- jected to the present proposals. Alderman BOLTON said it seemed that it was proposed to make a new street along the west side of tile Town Hall. They had blocked the Town Hall in altogether. He had seen the plan for the first time that night, and he should oppose it owing to the fact that it proposed to build a stone wall, with a palisading, from the present stumps at the corner of the Town Hall and the Drill Stied straight away, and take the two pillars in against Bank House, practically making a new street. It looked as if one portion of the drive was to be taken off. Nor did he think the preposed building was big enough for War- rington. Alderman SO=ON: It can be enlarged some day. Alderman BOLTON : It cannot be. Every available inch will be built upon. Councillor Jortx CROSVIELD asked if the garden: at Bank House was part of the purchase of the Town flail and Park. The MAYOR: N 1; it has been purchased since. Councillor Caosvracp :If so, lam in favour of the site, arid I think it is the best you could get; and it will be a great advantage to the magistrates to enter from Sankey-st. and the prisoners from Bath-at. In the 101 one ifxrionmg tuhpe ottohgeert. h e ,mannedh as on Thettei mr s you present Police Court you have magistrates and cannotcr m criminals a the I al Councillor H. ROBERTS : I rise to a point of order, Mr. Mayor. I think Councillor Crosfield might relieve our minds if he would specify the occasions on which it has been difficult to distinguish between criminals and magistrates. (Relewed laughter.) Councillor CROSFIELD Those magistrates who feel thihnukt the eseeenmtrsa tnoceme will thbaet too narrow narrow it app to themselves had better riot say anything. f( oLratuhgehte r . magistrates,)Some magis- trate can walk straight he should easily get into the police courts. (Renewed laughter.) Phere is plenty of room in my opinion, and I support the Watch Commit tee. (Hear, hear.) Councillor PLIDIPTON said there seemed to ba a differ- ence between the statements that had been just made and the plan. He understood that not a yard ot the Park would be taken. The MAYOR: Not an inch.

Councillor PLimeras Bat if it ia taken for a street that will be in connection with the police court. The Tows CLERK said it was not intended co make the street shown on the plan. That was a mere sugges- tion which had not been adopted. Councillor PLumpros said he had always understood that a portion of the land near the baths had been re- served for Turkish baths. Die MAYOR Wi can do all that indepen lent of the question of police courts. Councillor PLumprom : Ido think you should give us more particulars. (Elear, hear.) The MAYOR : It is for the Council to settle the site to-night. Councillor Snaw GREBE: fa that imperative P The MAYOR : I think so. It is time we made a move in the matter. _ . .

----- . Councillor SEraw GREEN It is only the second time we have had the matter before us, and on the first oc- casion we did not get much opportunity for considera- tion. I anticipated that we should have had a detailed report given to us as to what was necessary to do tl provide the police ae,comin )(dation revirel, and how much it would cast to Oomp'ete the scheme. The TOWN CLERK : That information has been already supplied to the members of the Council in printed re- ports, prepared by the °hid Constable and the B-mough Surveyor. Alderman SUTTON If the mmbers of the Council would make themellves acquainted with what is going on it would save a great deal of trouble. Councillor Straw Galtalt : I have never seen or heard of it.

Alderman Gaissium urged that there should be no furthor delay in dealing with this question. The TOWN CLERK remarked that in Mtrch last the re- ports of the Chief Constable and Borough Surveyor were sent to every inemblr of the Cluneil. Th 9 Chi.f Con- stable gave details as to the buildings required, and Mr. Longdin.reported noon the_r•ost.

. . Councillor CnOSFIELD Want ill the Gest? The Tows Um : The Borough Surveyor says £20,001 I will read the latter part of Mr. Longdin's ' report. Mr. Whittle read as follows :—"The area of land which would ton required to meet the Chief Con- stable's suggestions based upon the experience of Black- pool would be about It acres, and, from my observa- tions at the different stations. I consider the cost of erecting buildings and furnishing would be about £20,000, if land could be got at a reasonable rate. As regards the out-stations your committee has visited the districts of Latchford, Sankey Bridges, and Winwick- road, and I believe that sites can be got in these dis- tricts at reasonable rate.. Toe area of eacn site would require to be about 800 square yards, arid each atation cost for buildings and land about £l.OOO. In designing I and laying both police stations, courts, and out-stations I much depends upon the sites chosen by your committee, and until these have been settle] I could not give you any rowel, idea how the detail at the requirements could be carrieel out." _

Tho Bonooon SURVEYOR : I have been in correspin- dence with the dome Office. Trla latest police station that has been built is at Halifax. The population is 82,000,and the Borough Surveyor of Halifax says that, including electric lighting., furniture, ttL, the cost has been £15,500. Your police station might cost you £15,000.

The TowN CLERK suggested that the best plan might be tl accept Councillor Burton's suggestion that the whole Council should visit the site,but be strongly urged that there should be as little delay as possible or they might lose the Government grant in aid of the police. It was then agreed to adopt Councillor Burton's sug- gestion.

THE MIDDLETON ZEQUEET.

In moving, the condrmation of toe minutes of the Finance and Estate Committee, CouNottott Snow GREEN said it had been suggested that the legacy of the late Mr. Charles Middleton should be allowed to accumulate at three per cent. in- terest until it reached thee im of £I.OOO. But at the present moment the Corporation were not paying three per cent., but if the matter were left over they would try what they could to make it a round figure. At the same time the Museum Committee should remember that it would be two years before they could benefit from this fund.

Councillor LEE seconded the motion. and the minutes were confirmed. STREET IMPROVEMENT AND LIGHTING COMMITTEE.

Alderman SurroN moved, and Alderman HUTCIIINSON seconded the confirmation of the minutes of this com- mittee.

Councillor GRACE said ths repnt which had been

pr orniqed as to the erection of lamps had not yet been pees mited, and he should be very elad if the cunmittee woulmi •urnish thmtn with it. Atd man SIJITJ:i said it was tha intention of the amtinittee to produce a report that night, but a meeting hal h mmmu arr, itzeit tietween the Gas Committee and the Street L gnting C maraittee for the purpose of :loin into the cus-.:stion. 'fuer° were some p mints which wanted Settlinß between the two committees. When those p-Unts were settled they would have pleasure in produc- ing a reply. The minutes were then confirmed. THE liCaTil RATE or rile TOWN.

kdorman SCTTTON, in moving the confirmati-on of the naintates of the Health Committee, read the report of the Medical Officer of Health, from which it appeared that the birth-rate for the year was 361, against 375 in 1893, and the death-rate 19 5, against 18.6 in 1898, The zymotic death-rate was 2.8 against 3, and the infantile deatit-rate 15 against 163 per thousand births. They would notice that the death-rate was one per thousand higher than in 1898 and the zymotic death-r 4. te slightly less. The increased death rate was owing to lung diseases. The deaths from measles had decreased. There were only two patients in the F3ver Hospital. Councillor H. ROBEECT3 seconded, and the minutes were coolkrned.

Tilfil MES 3 AND BATR 1430 MS FOR WORKMEN.- THE PRICE OF MANURE.

The minutes of the Sanitary VVorks Committee principally related to the acceptance of tenders. It was resolved that the tender of Mr. Thomas Davies to erect workmen's MeSS and bath room at Rowley depot, according to the plan and specification at £93 10s, be accepted. That the tender of Mr, Thomas Davies to erect workmen's mess and bathroom at Lyth- , goes-lane Dep6t, according to plan and specification, at £9O be accepted. That the discount on the sale of con- centrated manure be increased from 10i. to 15s. per ton upon all accounts paid on or before the 31st August, 1898. That the commission allowed to agents be at the rate of 51. per ton up to £l5O tons and 7i per cent, and cash receipts on sates beyond that quantity. Councillor Mours moved the confirmation of the min- utes,and said the naess and bath rooms were included in the extension scheme submitted to the Council some time ago. The committee made its annual inspection about six weeks ago,and their attention being drawn to the conditions under which the men had to work and ob- tain their meals—and if the members of the Council had seen it they would have corns to the same conclusion as the members of the committee: that the proposed build- ings were absolutely necessary having regard to the in- terests of the men employed there. The work would not be charged against the •present year's account, but against the extension account. As to the reduction in the pries of manure he mentioned that there had been a fall in the price of chemical fertilisers,and they had now a stock of something like 800 tons of concentrated man- ure at Longford which they wanted to dispose of. Councillor EVANS seconded the adoption of the min- utes.

Councillor GRACE asked if the manure made at Long- ford was equal to the standard of a few years ago. Councillor Rosears pointed out that the increased quantities of manure at Longford was not due so much to the accumulation of old stock as to the increase in the quantity of raw material they had to deal with. Councillor Moxics,in reply, said there was no falling off at all in the quality of the manure, and everybody admitted that the manure from Longford was bath cheap and good. The minutes were then confirmed. THE PURCHASE OF SETTS.-4 DEPUTATION TO THE QUARRIES. The Paving and Sewerage Committee recommended that the Borough Surveyor be Instructed to advertise for 1,000 tons of 4in.ftswtenstall Bette ; that the tender of Messrs. Walton Bros. to supply 1,000 tons of 4inch cubes, belt Lonkey rook, at 213. per ton be accepted ; that the tender of Mr. Richard Siddall to supply 500 teas of Sin. Lonkey setts at 13s. 91. per ton be ac- cepted ; that the tender of Messrs. John Williamson and Son to supply 200 tons of 41n. Maccleseeld cubes at 194. per ton he accepted that in the forming or repaving of the footpaths in the principal streets of the borough chequered paving tiles be discontinued, and cement or other flags be substituted, tthhaetu use of l'hi Mavoct Preelied, and Councillor HEATON secon- ded, the o°afirmati`'n of the minutes. councilor SEaw GREEN said he noticed that the corn- were proposing to purchase something like 2,700 t He wished the committee to d ittste of ehsaevtitnggaanld beareguesst. Stock on band at the close of the avoid year. Councillor GRAcE referred to the urgency of getting a number of streets and back passages made as early as possible. Tenders had been accepted, and contracts let for he paving of a number of streets, and the work aja ta at a standstill for want of material. Some ef the streets were quagmires, Councillor ROBERTS said if the Committee would do like some business firms and advertise their require- ments twelve months in advance, which could easily bs done, they would not be in the fix they were very often in for material. It was a practice of the committee to ask for tenders at a time wuen every quarry was busy, and was utterly unable to supply all he material re- ' quired, and they were then unable to get deliveries, In the present case he could tell the committee that they were riot going to get 1,000 tons of setts in anything like reasonable time, and as tar as their stock was coacerned at the end of the financial year it would be practically ril. The state of the trade was such that it was im- possible to get a large quantity of material at short I notice. By the recommendations before the Council,the committee was introducing a quality of material which bad not been used before in the town. Previously the committee have caused property owners to spend hundreds of pounds needlessly by insisting on certain quali- ties of material, and now they Were breaking through those cast-iron rules because they could not get the material. He understood that the committee was in- vited to go as a deputation to the quarries at Rawten- stall, and why it should ha necessary that they should be invited to pay such a visit for the purpose of pur- chasing 1700 tons of stuff he could not understand. a. Beat Lonkey Hock " was a term well-known in the trade, and could have easily been bought from sample as by spending £l5 Or £2O on a deputation to the quarries. With one or two exceptions there were no practical men on the committee, and it was a waste of the ratepayers materials under the conditions under which , tnresneeY o buymtentioned in the minutes had been bought. Councillor TINNION said as one of the deputation to the quarries bethought it was rather unfortunate that Councillor Roberts should mention this matter. It was very unfair that a Committee should be attacked for buying and purchasing things, especially by a gentle- man who represented a company which tendered for the materials in question. yr —e (Councillor Tinnion) had not been satisfied for some time aa to quality of setts that had been used, and as to the amount of money that ought to he paid. With all respect to Councillor Roberta there were gentlemen on ttie committee as capable of judging as to what was sound ant substantial AS he. The deputation—and it was very money expended by the alight indeed—would result in great benefit to the town, as they had obtained very valuable information by their visit. ft was all very well for a firm to send a sample; but it did not follow toat the whole of the stone would be equal co the sample unlesa thsv had some knowledge of the quarry. He was of the opinion that the commit- tee ought to have introduced Rawtenctall and Maccles- field se.ts'long ago. Previously they had been tied to Welsh and Irish granite, and there had always been a difficulty in getting a supply. ge thought the deputa- tion had done a useful work, and that the money had been well spent. Councillor H. Hoaxers said he did not attack the committee for an inspection of the area of its sources of I sitpply. He definitely said that he therou,ehly approved' of that departure, and he only regretted that it had not been done years ago. It was only the method by which it had been brought about that he objected to. Councillor PcuarrToN said as a member of the com- mittee, but not of the deputation, that he approved of the deputation. They could not get setts fr'im where •they had previously obtained them, and although the contracts had been let for making the streets the work could not be proceede i with owing to the want of setta. There had been complaints from the people residing near these unmade streets, and tt e committee ought to pay some attention to them. He thought it was time the cotnnaittee made. a new departure, and he was of opinion that the new setts would give satisfaction all round. Councillor HEATON said the result of their new method of tendering had resulted in a s tying to the ratepayers of Warrington of about £75. Councillor SMETHURST said he had always been of the opinion that they should hay, a supply of setts from the Rawtenstall district. There had been numerous com- plaints of the slippery nature of the setta used by the Corporation, and he thought that new setts would be less objectionable. Alderman HuTcHINSON quite agreed with the visit of the deputation to the quarries. He hoped it would not be allowed to go forth that the deputation cost £2O, for the whole amount was only £5. The MAYOR said the total cost was £5 4s. 2d., and there were eight members of the deputation. Councillor GRACE : That ought to be placed on record as an example to other deputations. (Laughter.) Councillor MONKS said that all that had been said seemed to point to this—that the committee did not choose the right time for purchasing their sets. Why could they not purchase them earlier in the year. when there was not such a demand for materials P They

CARTER'S LITTLE PILLS.

Care Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly; and cure them so as to st4y j cured. Chemists, is. lid.

knew twelve months &bind what work was to be done. _

The Manta said ths committee would see to that in the future. The minutes were then confirm. i. 'FBE INDUSTRIAL, EX 8181 HON ABANDONED.

COUNCILLOR BENNE r r AND HIS PROPHESY. At a meeting of the Museum, Library,Arts,and Tech- nical Instruction Committee, it was resolved that he Corporation be requested to invest £l,OOO as " the Charles Middleton Bequest Fund." It was reported that the General Purposes Committee had decided not to proceed with the suggested Industrial Exhibition, that the committee wished to be informed of the probable cost of bolding an Exhibition of Art only, and it was resolved that the Art Gallery Sub-Committee be re- quested to inquire into the probable cost of holding an Art Exhibition.

Councillor ROBERTS, in moving the adeption of the minutes, said the committee had been considering the probable cost et the proposed Art Exhibition, and they were utterly unable to arrive at an estimate. In com- pany with the Town Clerk he visited Messrs. Agnew's, Manchester, last week, to ask them to give them some idea of the expenditure that would be involved, but they replied that until they could tell the number of pictures that would be accepted, where they had to come from, where they had to go back to,it was utterly impossible to give an estimate, as it was a question of labour and time. From the cost of other exhibitions he thought they would be able to ask the General Pur- poses Committee to guarantee a sum that would be com- paratively modest in amount. Councillor MONIES seconded the motion.

Councillor BENNETT congratulated himself on the ful- filment of his own prophecy. (Laughter.) Ile had said that in January they would either postpone the Indus- trial Exhibition for another six moaths or abandon it altogether. Nothing was more farcical than the pro- ceedings in connection with that exhibition, and he was glad that the committee had at last the heart to drop it altogether. They had been deluding the publics arid making themselves appear ridiculous. He hoped the same fate would not befall the Art Exhibition. There was some reason for holding it in the present year, as he was informed that this was the Jubilee year of the Museum. The exhibition would be a most interesting and instructive one, and it all depended upon the com- mittee putting their hearts into it and making it a SUCCESS.

Councillor H. ROBERTS said Councillor Bennett was one of the prominent members of the committee which he said had succeeded in deluding the public and making itself appear ridiculous. He was quite satisfied that he should apply the remarks to himself, but he (Councillor Roberts) had not on that or any other occasion at- tempted to delude the public,and he bad not any,further than he could help made himself appear ridiculous. He had been cautioned times innumerable about using strong language in regard to matters that he was bring- ing before the Council, and he had lived long enough to know that one did not further one's cause by that means. He, therefore, tendered the advice to another gentleman who was erring ha the same direction, that it I would not facilitate matters,or assist them to work more comfortably,if such language were used. The committee had abandoned the Industrial Exhibition because they realised more fully than Councillor Bennett had done what an enormous task they had before them. Things of that sort were not done by resolutions or elaborate and oratorical speeches. There was a -if hard work to be done. It was suggested in the earlier of the proposal that an expert should be em- ployed for the purpose of relieving them of a great deal of work. Be was very sorry to say that Councillor Bennett was the man whs put the block on that proposal. If the Council had not been in- duced to throw out that proposal the scheme would have been accomplished, and he thought successfully. It was not to be expected that members of the Council could give their personal attenticn and time to the development of an exhibition of that kind and do justice to their own business. That was the reason why some of them had sto3d on one side in regard to the exhibi- tion. The Art Exhibition would also involve a consi- derable amount', but nothing like the amount of work ' that an Industrial Exhibition would require. If they should be fortunate in getting other promises of assist- ance like that most valuable one which was made to them a few months ago by Mr. Holbrook Gasket!, their work would be comparatively easy. He did not despair of having an Art Exhibition that would be 1 satisfactory to the town generally. (Hear, hear.) Councillor BENNETT said he appreciated Councillor Robert's witticism, but when he endeavoured to "lump him with the committee in its ridiculous attitude he dis- claimed any responsibility whatever in regard to their 1 action. During the whole of the time the matter had been before the Council he had urged that it should be proceeded with without delay. This was the second time he had had to give a flat denial to the statement that he blocked the proposal to employ an expert. The minutes were then confirmed. THE ASYLUMS BOARD AND THE INTERMEN T OF BODIES.

In consequence of an application which had been re- ceived from the Lancashire Asylums Board, the commit- tee have passed the following resolution :—" That the Council be recommended to allow the bodies of persons dying at the Winwick Asylum to be buried at the Ceme- tery upon payment of double fees, ordinary fees to be charged for the interment of the bodies of persons from this borough dying in the asylum." The Borough Sur- veyor having reported that Howley Brook, behind the Cemetery, had become silted up, owing to the negligence of the owners of land below the Cemetery, it was re- solved that notice be served upsn the owners requiring them forthwith to clear out the brook% The minutes were e3nllrmed, on the motion of Coun- cillor Eveics, seconded by Councillor SHILCOCIC.

THE FAIR GROUND IN QUEEN-STREEI TO BE PAVED.

At a meeting of the committee, it was resolved that the fair ground in Queen-street (now used as a whole- sale market) be paved with setts. Alderman HurcatNsox moved the adoptiln of the minutes, and pointed out that the paving of the fair ground had been before the committee for a number ot years,and they had now determine.d to remove the in- conveniences of mud and water which dealers in market produce had had to contend with when standing on the fair ground. The cost would not interfere with this year's estirnates.—Councillor Rogers seconded, and the minutes were adopted. GAS COMMITITE.—THE LAYING OF NEW MAINS.

As the result of the discussion which took place at the last meeting of the Council, the follovvinkr resolution has been passed by the :Gas Committee :—" That this corn- nt the Sint r ea ei mr e pq ruoi rveed. ri tttehee pwillufphoesepsreopf apruedbiti co ilgahytisnl ment and Lighting Committee will pay a sum equal to 8 per cent, upon the actual cost of laying 151101 mains, All slims received for tho supply of gas from such mains being credited to that committee until the revenue shall amount to 8 per cent. upon the amount expended." Councillor BEATON moved the confirmation of the minutes. Alderman BOLTON said the res)lution of the committee with reference to the laying of new mains might involve the ratepayers in an expenditure equal to twopence in the £. Instead of the Gas Committee paying something towards the cost, the whole expenditu e would fall up- on the ratepayers. tie thought the Gas Committee cught to meet the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee half-Way in the matter, and pay half the cost. The Gas Committee had previously p sid the whole of it.

.„. COMICIIIOr PLITMPTON !I:toyed an arnencimnnt that the minutes be confirmed with the exception of the resllu- tion referring to the laying of new mains. He considered eight per cent. upon the actual cost was too much alto- gether. He considered that the subject should be dealt with when the two committees met toeether. Councillor Heaton said he was willing fur the resolu- tion to be withdrawn, but it was impossible for the Gas Committee to bear the whole cost of laying new mains for street lighting. Councillor CTRACE : Eight percent. seems an exorbit- ant figure. Councillor HEATON : It is the same as is paid by neigh- bouring townships for laying the mains. Councillor PLC:UPTON : There is a difference between such a place as Penketh and streets of the Borough. Conncillor HMOS said he would consent to the minute being referred back, but he might state that the Gas Committee was losing Ss. a lamp at the present time. The minutes were then approved of with the excep- tion of the one alluded to. RIVERS COMMITTEE.—RISHOP'S WHARF. At a meeting of the Rivers Committee it was resolved that permission be given to the Bishop's Wharf and Shipping Company Limited, to lay rails on and over Bishop's Wharf, sun rails not to extend on or over Wharf-stieet. The company to make good the pavemeut of the wharf on the termination of their tenancy, or the Corporation to take over the rails at a valuation. Councillor ROBERTS moved the confirmation of the minutes, and said the rail referred to was simply a pro- vision for a travelling crane. Councillor BENNETT seconded.

C;;;;h-C.iflor SHAW GREEN asked when was the Council going to get the question ot rent settled for Messrs. Bis- hop's wharf. He saw in the newspapers that an appeal on the avessment had been postponed in consequence of the rent not being settled. Councillor HELTON said he understood the rent was settled.

The MAYOR I thought so. Alderman HUTCHINSON said he was inclined to pro- pose an amendment that the present request be not ac- ceded to until the question of rent was settled. The TOWN CLERK : The amount of rent is settled,but the company require an appertionment of the rent un- der one or two heads.

Councillor Lica said be understood that this was to be settled at a private meeting. Councillor ROBERTS said the question of rent as rent wasNettled,and the only question was theapportionment of that rent. The minutes were then confirmed.

FIRE ENGINECOMMITTEE.

_ The members of the above committee have resolved that a double fire hydrant be placed on the new Apple- ton m.in in Bold-st., opposite tne entrance to the Museum.

The ininutei were confirmed, on the motion of Alder- man QUICIIINSON, seconded by Councillor Smerrionsr, WATER COMMIT fEE-1 PROPOSED RESERVOIR. At a meeting of the Water Committee, it was resolved that Mr. Dens be authorised to obtain assistance in the surveying of land at Hatton and Grimsditch. Councillor BURTON said he would like some informa- tion with reference to the surveying of land at Hatton and Grimsditch.

Councillor Snew GREEN said this was an important matter,and would mean a lot of trouble and anxiety for the committee. The fact was that they had such a de- mand for the water in the Appleton reservoir that they were anxious to increase the supply,and to enable them to do so they must have another reservoir. They must, however, have the land properly surveyed. The minutes were confirmed, on the motion of Coun- cillor LEE, seconded by Aldermen HUTCHINSON.

LIVER • Saue,4 Brido: Dose. r arlie,ll Price. , Forty. in a v. • Li"FtuaLlV.e.ze-1 -- toe ;

===== 0002601_18980107_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should Send two stamps for our NEW BOOR containing valuable information to Ladies' how all Irregularities may be entirely Avoided or Removed by Simple Means Recorn mended by eminent Physicians as the Maly Safe, Sure, and genuine Remedy. "Never Fails, Thousands of Testi- monials.—Mr. W. E. BLANCHARD, Claremont House Forest-real, Dalst3a .Lordou.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
lvw.--cl.; ! .vio,

BEAUTIFUL TEETH tot aU who use daily us the tooth brush a Lew drops of SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice In the world.

Cleanses the teeth and spates between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, ad fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT. 28. 512,

===== 0002601_18980107_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GYMNASIUM.

At a rseetinf; af the Gymnasium Committee it was re- ported that the total attepdance at all classes during the at three weeks was 4,069. _ _

The minutes were confirmed on the motion of Councillor TINNION, seconded by Councillor Slim:E- Q[2ST.

THE TELEPHONE SERVICE IN WARRINGTON.

The General Purposes Committee reported the receipt of a letter from the National Telephone Company ap- plying for permission to lay their telephone wires under- ground. The committee resolved that the Town Clerk be instructed to inform the Company that the Corpora- tion will offer no objection to the laying of their tele- phone wires underground, subject to the termsof an agreement to be prepared by the Town Clerk. Councillor MONIS complained of the want of attention that was given by the Telephone Company to subscribers and said he wished the Corporation could do something in the matter.

The rows CLERK said he' would take the matter into consideration when preparing the agreement with the Telephone Company. Councillor GRACE said he would like to congratulate the General Purposes Committee on at last giving hs Council some information. (Laughter.) The Council then rose.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NEWS.

The manufacture of amateur prophets on a wholesale scale is the latest act of up-to-date American journalism For this purpose about a third of a page of a New York paper has been reserved for the writing of the prophecies which are to be sealed and sent to the editor, who will not have them opened until 1899, in order to verify the predictions of the prophets for the year just begun.

We so frequently have to to to America for pictur- esque—if not precise—news concerning ourselves that we read in the " New York Herald " without a spasm of surprise that Prince Arthur, the sin of the Duke of Con- naught, is the fag at Eton of the son of that austere Re- publican, Mr. W. W. Astor. By way of pointing the moral of this indignity, the "Herald" declares that " the fag in an English school is little more than a slave," and that the American boy "is practicllly lord and f: Queen Victoria's favourite grandson." How- ever, Queen Victuri:, may be somewhat reassured on learning that young Astor "is not :,-. nrd taskmaster, and the Prince has an easy time of it compared with other little boys who are obliged to do fag duty."

The Pope's daily life is nictured by a correspondent of the " Daily Trira;th." Lis is deicribed as now shortened in height by tlae painfully pronounced bead of the upper part of the body. Illness he never knows, in spite of the fragility of his frarhe and organism. Here is his day. Ile rises at tix is the morning after four

hours sleep. After coffee and milk, with a morsel of bread, he settles down to the work of the day. Through. out the morning be takes an occasional cup of broth,ani at one o'clock his mid-day meal, at which he drinks a glass of claret from a convent at Bordeaux. This sufficrs to secure him his daily siesta, which he take with his face to the light. Hs is very proud of his col. lection of birds, especially parrots, and has a vineyard to which he devotes much care.

The English residents in Shanghai have given a hearty welcome to the three cycling commissioners of" Travel," John Foster Fraser, Edward Lunn and Frank Lowe.whO have just accomplished the feat of cycling across China from Upper Burmah,the first time that such a thing he ever been carried througn. Since leaving London, in July 1898, the cyclists have traversed 14,322 milea.They all bear traces of the severe hardships they have under. gone and give a very bad account of the Celestial Em. vire as a field for cyclists. The roads were shocking and for many hundreds of miles they were obliged to carry their machines. By the people of the Western province they were hospitably treated on the whole, though ia Yung-Chang-fu they were mobbed by a erowd and had to take refuge in a temple. Armed with voluminous passports and red visiting cards several inches long, with their names in Cninese characters, they were from town to town interdiewiny: mandarins and missionaries, living.on pork and rice and becoming expert in the mat agement of chopsticks. During their journey an officer travelled on ahead. giving orders at all the military posts that their safety was to be looked after. Here and there they seem t have experienced the animosity of the Chine to the "foreign devil," as for instance at a TH. lage in the csntre of China. "Ss we spun into the town of Panchio,"write the travellers, "everybody was sitting out of dpnre, eating their evening rice. But rice bowls were pitched aside and chopsticks lost, in the scamper after us. We looked for some convenient inn. We asked the crowd to show us the way but they only grinned and yelled. One tall fellow, with only ens eye, gained tae plaudits of his friends by a little hustling. It was necessary to have a smack at that one-eyed Chinaman, if only to secure respect. Folks fell back. Then they set their dogs at us, fisrce pariah brutes that sniff a foreigner half a mile off. A. ferocious monster showed fight. In an instant one of us drew a revolver and the next moment the animal was lying dead with a bullet in its shoulder. Thereupon the crowd receded. We found a hotel and there was no more bother, When we rode away next morning everyone was respectful. But the only kow-tow we received was from the man whose dog WAS killed, though he took the precaution of lighting a taper at his door,either to propitiate us or as a safeguard against evil consequences." 'Generally speaking, how. ever,the worst they seem to have to contend against was the exuberant curiosity of the Celestiale, who were keen on exhibitions of cycling prowess,and had frequently to be put off by the excuses that the iron horses were tired and wanted a rest.

William Linton, wno died the other day in his Ameri. can home at Newhaven, was the famous wood-engraver to whom Walter Savage Lander, in a presentation copy of his " Imaginary Conversations of Greeks and Be. mans," referred as " a true patriot and a true poet." In his early days, when working for a wood engraver In London, he used ro go to Torn Hood's chambers in the Adelphi to fetch his queer pen and ink drawings for his "Comic Annual." He used to recall him 83 " a spare man (I fair stature, grave, but not ungenial." He knew Carlyle, but thoirght h'm a bad judge of men, and wag of opinion that Dickens missed his mark when he be- came a novelist. " His real vocation was as an actor of low comedy," he wrate " warm-hearted and sentimen- tal, but not unselfish, he was not the gentleman. There was no grace of manner, no soul of nobility in him." Li don succeeded Bewick as the leading representative of the slow obsolete a::: of wood engraving, on which he was the greatest living authority. He was a man of picturesque aspect, with leonine head and shaggy hair and beard, pyramidal forehead, and big, penetrating eyeg. Ruskin bought Brentwood, his locus° in the lake country.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY BROOKE, BONDS'

TEA

IS THE BEST FOR YOU TO BUY=

BECAUSE BROOKE, BONDS' TEA has been known and esteemed above all others for MOM than 28 years throughout the densely populated distrias of the North of England. Yes, BROOKB, BONDS' name has been literally a cherished household word for nearly a generation past. Tea that has twenty-eight years' goad character must be good indeed. AND BECAUSE BROOKE. BONDS deal in tea only, and depend alone on keeping up the quality of linooxE, BOND' TEA.

AND BECAUSE BROOKE, BONDS HAVE HALF-A-MILLION SOVEREIGNS invested in their business, and all that vast still], which they have at stake, depends oft their selling:l;wter tea than anybody else sells at the same price. ' AND BECAUSE BROOKE, BONDS buy an‘l sell tea solely for 'cash,' solthey can sell and do sell, every lb. tor the smallest possible profit. AND BECAUSE

2,000,000, TWO-MILLION PEOPLE DRINK BROOKE, BONDS' EVERY DAY

YES,

===== 0002601_18980107_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA

This startling truth is proved by the total Tea-duty that BROOKE, BONDS pay the Govern- ment out of the total that the ChancelLr of the filxchequer certifies he receives for all the tea:COnsumed throughout the Kingdom. This ab3olute fact is the most perfect proof that the British Public have satisfied themselves that BROOK; BONDS' THA IS the very best value for their money. AND BECAUSE " A SMALL 'SPOONFUL OF BROOKE BONDS' TEA IS STRONGER AND BETTER THAN A BIG SPOONFUL OF ANY i OTHER TEA" That's a fact that countless thousands of good judges have found out for , themselves. Yes, BROOKE BOND'S Tits is so strung, and so celebrated for always giving good " second-cup" that th 3 thrifty linuse-wive+ of the North declare that ; " a four- penny, quarter-pound packet of BROOK e, BONDS' TEA will go farther than a six-penny packet of other tea." Just think of the sating and satisfaction all that means to you and yours in a year. AND BECAUSE

BROOKE, BONDS' TEA IS SOLD BY OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE.

__- so it is no trouble at all to you to get it. AND BECAUSE EVERY PACKET OF BROOKE, BONDS' TEALS put up under the personal sire ervision of the Principals, is vouched for by signature on the wrapper, and is sealed with the celebrated label and trade-rr ark at the Company's Head-quarters. From there, the millions of packets are sent, securely protected, direct to the Company's thou- sands of Agents, who sell direct to the consumers From the time BROOKE, BONDS' TEA. is plucked from the tea-plant at the Other side of tht, world until you open the sealed packet at your own table, there is no possibility whatever that it could be tampered with, Such is the extreme care taken of it.

AND BECAUSE BROOKE, BONDS' TEA if.,::•01,1 everywhere and always of the same good qualities and at the same prices.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THUS FOR THE

ABOVE REASONS, YOU HAVE

THE BEST POSSIBLE GUARANTEE THAT BROOKE, BONDS' TEA IS THE VERY BEST VALUE THAT YOU

CAN BUY.

BROOKE, BONDVAGENTS ABE EVERYWHERE,

and sell BROOKE, BONDS' THAMt

is.., Is. 2d, is. 4d,, is. Bd., 2s, 2s. 4c1., Sqs. Bd. a lb.,

and, so, suit all peopie. and u.!l purses.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BROOKE, BOND & CO.,' LTDI3

The Lancashire Tea Warehouses, 17, Piccadilly, and 12 and 14, Long 111illgatc, Manchester.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18980107_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L

===== 0002601_18980107_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
OF ~,, 4 ~, ' ' • ".:*,.; •::,• _. I

===== 0002601_18980107_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
• •••,•`'

NIP

int 44 Cranium" Rotrttg

07 LANCASSIE AND CHESIIIP.E Coil:TV/ NEWSPYPERS: Comprises q\3IE Warrington and Mid-CheshireExaminer, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. MILE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday ..1„ afternoon.

'FRE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning, and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRITATE CONTRACT MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLE. One Three Six ors. Week. Weeks. Weeks.. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only No Advertise- ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

' : -I''44 4 -'-' t

===== 0002601_18980107_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
iDomtSttt berbants's &r.

- IXTANT—"I. good GENERAL —Apply WHALEBONE INN, Netherton, Frodsham.

--- WANTED, GENERAL, for January ; good wages; aged 22 to 28.—Apply 24, BROOMFIELD - ROAD, Heaton Chapel, Stockport.

WANTED. GIRL, clean, respectable. from 16 to 18 ; for housework ; good character.—Apply 1, LITTLE WOOL- TON•STREET, Liverpool.

WANTED. General SERVANT, good wages. only experi- enced need apply; also Nurse Glrl.-1112. HYDE-ROAD, lirdwick, Manchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL ; one used to children; no washing ; good wages.— 43, ELIZASETH-STREET, Cheethatn, Manchester.

EMPLOYS can obtain reliable SE/1 VANTS and Servants excellent situations at JAQUES' TEIRSK REGISTRY, St. Eicholas-street, Searbro'.

WANTED, in Establishment at Ilkley, good PLAIN COOL kitchen maid kepr,goc,d charActer.—MiThoN, 26. Trinity-road, Scarbro.

GIRLS Requiring Situations in Lancashire or Yorkshire, should write at once to Miss GREENWOOD. Crown Registry, Normanton. Yorks.

WiNTED, experienced Housemaids, Generals, Cooks, and Waitresses ; ladies suited daily.—Mrs. YATES. Registry 0119ce. 19, Crewdson-street. Darwen.

INANTED, immediately, S I'IUATIONa for under House- maid, Nurse, Kitchen-maid, also Generals.—Apply Mrs. DAVIES, Raynham Cottage. Gresford, Wrexham.

WANTED GIRL, about 2), for general housework; good home •, every Sunday out ; wag-s 3s. per week, refer- I' once required.-261, UPPEa PARLIAMENT,TREET, Liver- pool.

WANTED, immediately, competent GENERAL Or Ueetul Help. Plain cooking. Comfortabie ,Serne. Write atatirg wagek. References.-40. Woew, Manningham, Bradford.

HOUSBMAID - WAITRE' Competent Woman WANTED tot end of January ; wages £l6 to £lB.— Apply by letter t Mrs. HAMILL, Delaford, Waterloo Park, Liverpool.

"T AMES Requiang good Servants, and Servants Wanting good Places, apply, " Manager" Knighton and Central Wales Agency, Knighton. Young Girls and Generals always wanted,

WANTED, SITUATION as Coachman or Groom- Coachman ; ride and drive well, single or pair light 'weight; age 25; single; excellent reterences.— Apply WILLIAM Taonis, Pollard, near Wrexham.

WANTED, SITU ITION a GROONI-COACH MAN, age 39, single, weight 9st 71b., thoroughly experienced, ride and drive, single and pair, used to hunters,—J. H01)(i• 90N, 66, New Park-st., Darlington.

Ajl LE and FEMALii NURSES 111 ,TITUTION, 70, Hope .LV- i. street, Liverpool.—Nstabbshed 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph.--• • .laurses," Liverpool. 1 elephone, 570

Apartment's, Zlz Surntsbeb Pousts. acconch•

UPERIOR APARTMENTS for Lady during ment ; careful nursing ; doctor if preferred ; terms very moderate.-24, ORRELI-LANE, Walton, Liverpool.

En be Let.

rtOOD HOUSES Padgate-lane, with Rath &a., Rent Sc. per week clear. ILIAMILY RESIDENCE, No. 11, Museum-street. Rent £3O, per annum. COTTAGE, Factory Yara. Rent, 33. per week, will be beautified for good tenant. SHOP, Stockton Heath, suitable fur news agent Stationer, Ste. GOOD HOUSNS.—FAIRFIELD-ROID, Stockton Heath. APPLY THOMAS COWDELL, Estate Agent and Valuer, 45; Scotland-road, Warrington. . . _

_ HOW LT HOUSL and STA laLbS, avijotning Ho wte Quay ; lour acres of land, euitable for Butc he Builder pr Contractor ; vessels can load on premises. PBNKETH.—Semi-detached Modern VlLLA,with garden,22o, ENKETlL—Cottages" 4s. 91., 3s. 6d. and 2s. Bd. per week. 17, PERCY-ST WHET. 6 roomed house, rent 4s. 6d. CATHERINE-STREET, 6 roomed 1)0,19P, rent 4s. 3d. 17. GBH-STILE/a, good house 4 bedrooms, rent 55. 33, PINNER'S-100W, shop, rent 7s. 6d. DALLAM-L&NE FOUNDRY, WARRINGTON with Engine, Boiler, Cdpola, Fcc., Railway Siding. Apply ROBERT LOWE Estate Agent, No. 1, Bank-street, War- rington. Telephone—No 55. IHTON

-.-...:----_ rro LET —HOUSE, No 48 Parker-street.—APl j_ AND WOoril,.Solicitors. Warrington.

TO LET six roxned HOUSE, with good garden near Pad- gate Station.—Apply lis. rorrEa, Green-lane, Padgate.

F+o Lar.—LARGB ROOR, Lrford-street ; rent £2O _ Apply AallToN AND WOODi, Soti.ltors, HOreemarket-st., Warrington.

rllO BE LET In Back Dallam-lane a large WAREHOUSE, 1 suitable for Stores or Workshops.—Apply J. TITCHETT and SON, 14. Cairo-htreet. Warrington.

To LET,—WAR-EHLUSId STABLE with rooms over. and large yard attached; rent £2.s.—Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, dlorsernarket-street, Warrington.

PREMISES suitable for WORKSHOPS. Orford-street.— Apply ASHTON AND WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

--- BLACKPOOt HOUSES at Valustion. —Albert-road, splen- did connection ; good House, Palatine-road, Hull-road, 4 years' connection ; good House, Reads-road; good Shop, Grocery, Butchers, and Bakery attached, 8 years' lease.—JONAS MEIDaWCROFT. 8L Albert-road,Blackpool.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
itlarbintrp, etc.

gryA pa L. Church-lane.

TCB CREAM FREEZERS; instructions free, also Mabbot's Chip Potato Ranges and Peelers ; list free.—MABBOTT, 51, Lever-street, Manchester.

STQT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod . Grierson, and Co. Limited), mime. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS inthe trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Snizineering Work promptly. Catalogueot wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229. T Is WORTH YOUR WHILE TO BUY DIRECT.—There- 1. fere, Telephone " Avenue 5,891," or Telegraph " Subas- tral, London" (A.B.C. Code Used) Or write THE RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL C0..19 and 20,WATEIR-LANII.GREAT TOWER-STREBT LONDON, B.C. The Best and Cheapest NON-CORROSIVE dIACHINERY and ENGINE OILS in the World. Bend for F RUB ORDER FORM and pram: LIST. IT WILL PAY YOU.

TlNi OFF C MA 21JR UiTAELIBRED IN 1835. Xessrs.GEORGE DAVIRO & SON have ha 4 more than 4C years' personal experience In connection with this Bstablish• ment, and possess practical knowledge of the cotton, woollen, and iron manufacttires. "Self-help to the New Patent Law, price ed. "Colonial and Foreign l'ateat Laws, price I. (+BOWS DAVIES, C.E., & SON, 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

PECK ETT AND ONS. LOCONOTIVII 131401N1S BUILDBES. BRISTOL. Have in Stook ready for Immediate delivery NSW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 18 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

13ttblitatton5.

441_10W TO ENSURE HEALTII."—A medical work giv- ing Prescription, and Instructions tor the cure of all kinds of Debility ; post free two sta aps.—Acklreas Messrs. BARNEs, 48, Lonstlale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from Nervous and Physical Debility should send for a valuable pamph:et explaining how all nervous and orgsnic arrangements may be successfully treated without stomach medication. The method is easy and pleasant, and will effect a perfect and permanent mire. Seat sealed, post free. Address— E. NORTON, 59, A 6‘) Chancery Lane, London, W.C. Fatablished 30 Years.

etiutatton.

AMES COLLEGE, ILELEY.—High-alass Education. 4 Comfortable home, Vacancie3. —Misses MILNE.

otorko, Buzintoco, ea.

rrillß PAWNBBOKING BUSINESS to be Disposed Of _1 stock about 2400, on easy terms at 67, MIDDLE MILL, nem Stockport.

BLALCKPOOL.—CapitaI Restaurant and Temperance Rotel ; opposite Central Station ; 2 large dining- rooms, 30 beds.— Apply 1, HULL-ROAD.

0 BB DISPOSED OF, Goodwill and Fixtures of retail 1 DRAPERY and GROCERY BUSINESS: been in same hands over 30 years.—Apply 29, 81.199E1-STItEET, liv_rfool,

Z.Zianteb.

WA-V-V-In S- -WANTBD.—AppIy on the site of the liIEW ASYLUM, Winwick, near Warrington.

22. an. PER LOAD given for good bard BRICKBATS or V CLINKHRS at WINWICK SIDING.

BDRICKLAYER'S WANTED.—AppIy on the site of the NEW ASYLUM, Winwlek, near Warrington.

/100 D EARNINGS at home by the HARRISON PATENT KNITTING MACIIINES.-48, UPPER BBOOK-STET. Man- chester.

EASY INCOME.—Cutting out Paper designs ; simple and remunerative. Particulars stamped envelope.—DESlGN Co., 11, Manor-street, Null.

VU ANTED, lie=peAable YOUTH, to attend pony and V garden ; well remmmended and industrlous.—Mrs. POTTER, The Grange, Heswail, Cheshire.

A MBRICAN OdGAlid, Jewellery, watchei, pipes, toys, 1-1. hardware, Age, ts wanted. Buyer's Wholesale Guide free, write HENRY MAY, Merchant. Birmingham.

TOBACCONIST 3 Commencing. - See hid. Guide (259 pages) 31. Tobacconists' Outfitting Co..lB6,Kuston-rd., London. Hairdressers fitted. Estimates free. —Mgr. H.MZERS.

44 THREE CASTLES" TOBACCO. --

44P THREE CASTLES" TOBACCO.

46 THREE CASTLES" TOBACCO.

tv CYCLES! CYCLES! CYCLES SIUSON 1897.

WIEN

MEM

===== 0002601_18980107_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
JOIN PEARSON'S- CYCLE-PURCHASING CLUB

and secure a HIGH CLASS MOUNT. Sole Agent for the Celebrated BRADBURY CYCLES. Terms on application to- -10, BOLD-STREET. WARRINGTON, arra 0. BRIDGB-STRBET, EditLBSIOWN.

oalts bp thibate Ertatp.

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.

Soatto np Sauttton.

Ouictral inOtruiritittg.

SMITH'S FAMOUS PIANOS.

i PIANOS

PIANOS

'PIANOS

I PIANOS

PIANOS

!PIANOS

'PIANOS

PIANOS

'PIANOS

IPIANOS

PIANOS

PIANOS

!PIANOS

PIANOS

PIANOS

===== 0002601_18980107_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18980107_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH-CLASS Yorkshire Canaries for SALE cheap.--Apply HADWIN, Islington, Liverpool.

),N SALE, LANCASHIRE MANURE WORKS at Widnes kl with Machinery and 24,420 yards freehold land.---Ad- dress to J. Hossusrof 16, renwick-street, Liverpool.

Rartrultural

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
IPIANOS

PIANOS

PIANOS

E.IA.Nos

IPIANOS

IPIANOS

'PIANOS

PIANOS

PIANOS

'PIANOS

===== 0002601_18980107_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMOUS'

FAMOU:

FAMOUS

FAMOUSI

===== 0002601_18980107_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
FAISIOUSI

FAMOUSI

FAMOUbi

FAMOU:

vAmousl

FAMOUS'

FAMOUS

FAMOUS 1

FAMOUS

===== 0002601_18980107_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMOUS'

FAMOUSI

FAMOUS

FAMOUI

FAMOUS'

===== 0002601_18980107_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMOUS'

FAMOUI

FAMOU:

===== 0002601_18980107_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMOUSI

FAMO n

FAMOUS'

===== 0002601_18980107_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMOUSI

FAMOUS'

FAnou:

FAMOUS

FAISIOUI

===== 0002601_18980107_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FAMOUS

FAMOUS

===== 0002601_18980107_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
HURDIXS.

Wood -Holdles. Gates ttc.—G. M. JONES, 9, Black&lars-street Gate Victoria Bridge), Manchester.

rl'o SKIP and ILISKIIT Sale, Cane, 1. Willows,Hazels, &c,—G. Id. Jos, 9, Mackfriars-street, Manchester.

riIWELVS GOOD PIANOFORTE PIECES for Half-a-Crown I post free. Professor's surplus stock.—LESLIE BAIN' BRIDGE,B7, Vandyke-street, Liverpool.

QOLUTIONS t SOLUTIONS I SOLUTIONS I Complete list of solutions cif " Weekly Telegraph" Picture Puzzles December competition. Sixpence and stamped enve- lope, return post certain, W. H. W., 33, ORCHARD-STREET, Sheffield.

.

1/0165, 30pbrofc, 3oartng COtab,

Olontp.

P IT TS'S FURNIS RING ESTABLISHMENT, LONDON-ROAD (continuation of Piccadilly). MANCHESTER. .

Just past Station, tgo—uWV;tii—j;inction Railway Arch,

PIITTS'S announce Stocktaking to have been satisfactory beyond their fondest anticipations. Pitts's turnover during the past 12 months has increased by leaps and bounds and has exceeded that of any previous year by thousands of pounds. Pitts's strain every nerve to give each and every customer the utmost possible satisfaction and it is quite evident the public is fully alive to this fact, to judge from the startling increase in Pitts's business.Pitts'e are constantly receiving congratulatory letters on their thorough and sys- tematic method of executing orders,which is, the writers say, In marked contrast to what is in vogue at rival establish- ments. Pitts's will ever use their best endeavours to supply good sound articles at moderate prices, as Pitts's are confident that this is the only royal road to slimes.

PITTS'S, ever on the alert, have secured, at merely nominal prices, some really magnificent Furniture, Pianos, Pictures, ecc., from the following lar,,e mansions "Auburn House," "Woodlands," and "Craigside," Southport; "Burlington House," Manchester; "Glen May," Didsbury; "Stamford House," Ashton ; "Rose Lea," Sale, &c., Ac. To give an idea at the exceptionally high-class character of these 1 goods, it may be stated that the sale at "Auburn House" alone realised several thousand pounds. Now Pitt,', intend to promptly clear out these EXTRAORDINARY BAR- GAINS, giving their customers the benefit; so everyone desirous of beautifying their homes at a trifling cost with fur- nishings of a superlative excellence should visit Pitt,' s when they will certainly be delighted with the result. Pitts's will be very pleased indeed to show you round their vast estab- lishment, whether buying or not. Goods bought and not re- quired immediately can be warehoused any reasonable time and insured against fire free of charge. Cash prices only quoted, but deferred payment may be arranged.

PITTS'S SAMPLE BARGAINS. Dining-room Suite, handsomest in Manchester, upholstered throughout with curled hair (guaranteed), small chairs, padded backs, magnificent sideboard fitted with bevelled glasses throughout, brackets, shelves, cupboards, cellarettes, Ac. ; extending table, with patent screw; overmantel, carpet, brass fender and brasses ; originally cost £l3O ; Pitts's price 62 guineas. Drawing-room Suite, Chippendale style, solid rosewood, beautifully inlaid with marqueterie work, upholstered throughout with burled hair (guaranteed), and covered in rich Genoa velvet ; magnificent cabinet and overmantel, occasional. wine, and card tables, all inlaid to match ; carpet, rug, brass fender and brasses, clock and ornaments, com- plete,: cost £175; Pitta's price 60 guineas. Bedroom Suite, solid throughout, consists of a very large wardrelse. with bevelled glass doors, drawers, cupboards, Ac. ; pair of large toilet tables, itted with every convenience ; pedestal towel rail, and chairs complete; a superb suite ; originally cost £B5 ; Pitts's price 35 guineas. Hundreds of other bargains on view, equally good value.

PITTS'S HOUSII OF FURNITURB, at 151, 221, 284, 381, 60 up to 1.50/ guineas are renowned far and wide and are honestly worth double the price asked. Full particulars, press opinions and testimonials on application.

PITTS'S CARPETS —Largest and best selected Stock of Brussels, Tapestry, Axminster. Wilton, Velvet Pile. to., Linoleum. Floorelotbe. &c. All English manufacture, at exceptionally low prices to clear. Fitted free of charge.

PITTS'S PlANOS.—Thoroughly Reliable, new and second- hand by Collard and Collard, Kirkman,Drard, Wernam, Dalmaine and other good makers, splendid selection, Utmost Value. Guaranteed Great Saving.

-DITTS'S OFFICE and LIBRARY FURNITURE.—For Half a Century the word " Pitta's " and Good Office Furni- ture have been synonymous. Pitts's have either the same article at a less price than any other firm, or a better article at the same price.

SAMUEL PITTS, (ESTABLISHED 1845), LONDON-111.)AD (Close to Station), MANCHESTER. _ _ _ . .

—,. Just through South Junction Railway Arch. Ardwlek. Leogsigkt, and Belle Vue Care pass the Door.

COOPER AND CO.,

'WHOLESALE TEA. MERCHANTS

AND GROCERS, LONDON, LIVERPOOL, AND GLASGOW,

Supply families with

TEAS G'ROCERIES, PROVISIONS &c.

At the same WHOLESALE PRICES as Ordinary Retailers pay to Wholesale Houses.

COOPER AND CO.'S TEAS

1/2, 1/4, & 1/8, ! PER LB.

I are admitted to be

THE BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. COOPER AND CO.

Are the Largest Distributors of TBAS, GROCBRIES AND PROVISIONS In the Kingdom. Central Warehouses—

GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL, AND LONDON. Warrington Branch- 4, BUTTERMARKET-STREET. AND IN ALL THE OHIBFICITIES AND TOWNS IN.THII KINGDOM.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980107_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE RENowIfED FOR COUGHS, ImnrarEwzA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CoNeumvriorr, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE ASTHMA, PASMS. TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE S TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE 131(1. per Bottle A. P. TOWLE MexcazsmEß.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE,

JANUARY 7ch, 1898.

SHOULD the whole of the present Looking Ahead. year be in harniony with its opening there is undoubtedly a very unsettled period in front of this country,and, indeed of the world generally. There is an un- mistakable disquietude in at least four out of the five Continents. Amongbt the five great tern toxin] divisions of this planet, Australasia alone appears to be in a sufficiently happy position to be able to boast that it is not making history—his- tery of a sensational type, that is, of course—at the present time. The antipodeans are not with- out their ambitions and their:unsettled questions, but just now their attention is mainly absorbed by the peaceful and friendly rivalries of the cricket field. It may perhaps be also said that the out- look so far as America is concerned is less threatening now than it was at the commence- ment of last year. The great trouble there has, of course, its origin in the condition of Cuba. That fertile but desolated island has on several occa- sions very nearly become a bone of contention be- tween the United States and Spain. The States have, however, displayed a forbearance which might have been thought impossible by these who have paid any attention to the " tall talk" of Yankee journalists, but which is, no doubt, largely due to the fact that those in authority know it is much easier to talk than to fight, especially when you have neither an army nor a navy in a very forward state of preparedness. The Spanish government, on its side, is beginning to show a more conciliatory disposition, so that taking one thing with another, there may not be, tl is year at all events, a "Cuban crisis" of a very serious character. In some other parts of the world the prospect is not quite so reassuring. Africa has been described by Lord SALISBURY as the plague of the Foreign Offices of Europe, and there is just a danger that it may become a worse plague than ever during the next few months The latest reports disclose the fact that the British Government is pushing forward with almost feverish energy the preparations for a further advance into the Soudan. What is the reason for this rather abrupt renewal of war- 117:activity on the Nile? It must be remem- bered that one of the cherished ambitions of British imperialists—and the present Government is imperialist if it is anything—is "to paint Africa red" from Egypt to Cape Colony—in other words to have an uninterrupted strip of British possessions from one end of the Dark Continent to the other. This scheme can only be carried into effect by effectively occupying the land, whether desert or fertile, lying between the most southern Egyptian outpost and the most northern portion of British Central Africa. But it is now known that the French have deter- mined to frustrate this big imperial scheme if 1 they can do so. A French expedition, or expedi- tions, starting from French ground in Africa, has been struggling for month's past to reach Khar- toum or the upper waters of the Nile before any British force could get there from Egypt. For anything that is definitely known this French ex- pedition may have already reached its destination and taken possession of some parts of the tipper Nile. If that be so what will Lord Saws/males next step be? Will ho quietly and humbly ac- quiesce in the destruction of all the plans that have been cherished for a British railway and telegraph from the north to the south of Africa P

he ith r a the an.

ter- if adi- has ler-

any For I ex- Ltion pper ny's BC- that and rica ?

. .

Or will he ask the French to evacuate territory which has been occupied with unfriendly intentions towards this country ? These questions will show that there are, or may he, some very knotty problems in statecraft to solve in Africa before the year is out. If we turn from Africa to Asia the prospect presented in China is not more cheerful or en- couraging. It is now generally understood that the activity which Russia and Germany are dis- playing in that part of the world is not calculated to be of any advantage to this country. English commerce with China is of considerably more value than that of all other countries put together, and the efforts of both Russia and Germany are made undoubtedly with the object of giving their own merchants exclusive advantages. There again, therefore, Lord SALISBURY is confronted with the duty of maintaining the rights and priveleges of the country he represents. There is an uneasy fear, even amongst Tories, that foreign govern- ments have come to the conclusion that Lord SALISBURY is not a very important factor in these international arrangements—that, in short, our Prime Minister if pressed sufficiently is sure to I give way in the end. That opinion is no doubt ased upo:a his weakness and vacillation in dealing with an Eastern Question a little nearer home. Lord SALISBURY'S extraordinary subservience to the Concert of Europe—that is to say to a com- bination of two or three despots—has won him no thanks and no friendships. It has only encour- aged these aggressive powers to promote other schemes whereby they can profit, largely at the expense of England. The result is that the new year opens upon a scene that is, to say the least, not auspicious, and that may very easily develepe serious complicatio,is.

A settlement of the dispute in the The Labour Struggle. engineering trade never seemed more hopeless than it .does at the present time. There may, of course, be a sudden change by the unexpected yielding of one ai le or the other, or by a break in the solid organ- isations which have faced each other during the last six months. But appearances do not eneour- age any expectation of that kind. The workmen baying, with practical unanimity, rejected the terms offered by the ernployers,the representatives of the employers declare that, on their side, there will be no amendment of those terms. In the meantime they are extending the lock-out. Both sides have, therefore, apparently settled down to a trial of endurance. It is generally assumed that, so far as funds are concerned, the resources of the roasters aro practically inexhaustible, though it is obvious that a stoppage of machinery and output must tell very heavily against some of the smaller and less we ilthy firms. With respect to the men, it is now more than ever a question of ways land means. The accumulated funds of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers have stood the drain upon them much better than was expected by many people at the commencement of the:dispute, but, even allowing for the larg levies paid by the engineers who are still at work, it is obvious that the locked-out men must now depend more than ever upon contribu- tions from the workmen of other trades. It is a very interesting and important question as far as the engineers are concerned, whether a regular and constant supply of funds from outside can be relied upon. The experience of the last six months does not supply the material for a very definite answer. Some, in fact many, trade unions have contributed steadily and handsomely for months past, but, on the other hand, there has been a strange lukewarmness or backwardness on the part of certain workmen's organisations which might have been expected to give a strong helping hat? (I. That there is strength in British trades u,nionism sufficient to back up the engineers in- "efinitely is undeniable, but whether there is the nece.ssary will or ability to apply that strength in all quarters is another matter.

Ihe scheme tor a jubilee industrial exhibition in Warrington-has had a chequered and lingering existence, but it appears to be now finally laid at rest. The General Purposes Committee has de- cided not to proceed with the exhibition, but it is inquiring into the probable cost of an art exhibi- tion, One does not feel too sanguine with regard to this art exhibition, but the committee certainly deserves credit for the extraordinary tenacity with which it has clung to the fragments of the jubilee programme. No doubt a mistake was made in the first instance in attempting to do too much, but on the whole the jubilee was by no means unworthily celebrated in Warrington. Even apart altogether

from any connection with the jubilee,an art exhibi- tion would be a very interesting event, consider jag the close relations with Warrington of a number of artists of more at less note, but whether or not it can be arranged on a sufficiently attrac- tive scale is a matter which the Art Gallery Sub- oraMittee will no doubt thoroughly consider.

The report of the Borough Surveyor which was presented to the Town Council on Tuesday bears out all that has been said as to the inade- quacy of the present bridge over the river, and the need for a new one. Mr. Longdin discredits any suggestion that the needs of the case might be fully met by any tinkering with the present bridge. The rate at which traffic is increasing seems to prove that any economical plan of that kind would soon ' turn out to he of the " penny wise and pound foolish" order. At the same time the £lO,OOO which it is estimated a new structure sixty feet wide would cost is a bit of a poser in the case of Warrington which has already so many big improvements on the list. No doubt it depends a good deal upon the County Council whether there is tO be a new bridge within a reason- I sonable time. It is said that the influential mem- bers of C.: e County Council who were in Warrington • last week were impressed with the need for an im- provement, and perhaps as ready a way as any Of convincing the county councillors would be to in- vite the whole of them down to see the state of traffic on a Wednesday when, according to the ob.ervations taken on December Bth, four vehicles and four or five times as many pedestrians pass over the bridge every minute. This in itself would show that Warrington does not want a new bridge liniply for the purpose of improving the navigation I nt the river.

It is common knowledge in the town that there was more drunkenness this year than ever before in Warrington during the Christ- mas holioltys. We do not know whether this iS to be ascribed to good trade or to the knowledge that extreme leniency would be shown by the police. It is, however, a noticeable fact that the number of persons dealt with for drunkenness this week has been exceedingly small, and to judge by the police records Warrington alight have been the Most sober town in the king- dom. Those who Raw the state of the streets on Christmas Eve, and again on Sunday and Boxing Day could not but notice the large number drunken persons. Even boys were to be seen walking cork-screw fashion,and the maudlin besot- ' •

===== 0002601_18980107_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980107_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
tedness of some people was disgusting to witness. It is to be hoped that when the Chief Constable presents his annual report ther will be no special credit taken for a decrease of drunkenness. There was enough drinking in Warrington during this Yuletide to last a twelvemonth.

The Fabian Society has issued an address " to trade unionists and all public-spirited citizens in the United Kingdom " with reference to the lock- out of engineers which contains one statement of very grave significance indeed. It is that " the Cabinet and Government officials are helping the federated employers, the Board of Trade by deli- berately refraining from using the powers given it by the Conciliation Act, and the Admiralty by con- niving at delay in the completion of our war ships.' If it be really true that the Admiralty, under the control of the Right lion. G. Joachim Goschen, is conniving at delay in the completion of British war ships, that public department is guilty of what can hardly be described as less than an act of stupend- ous treachery against this country. For what is the international situation ? The statesmen of all the leading countries in the world seem to have come to the conclusion that a great naval war might break out at any time in the immediate future, and they have therefore entered into a mad ace with each other in the construction of war- ships. So close is the rivalry that, it is said, even a delay of a few months in the construction of new vessels might lose this country the margin ,of superiority which is believed to be neces sary for its safety. Yet it is here actually charged against the Admiralty that it is conniving at this delay. This is a point that should be cleared up very quickly and very thor- oughly. The Fabian Society urges that mass meet- ings should be held and that parliamentary repre- sentatives should be made to speak out, and that political associations and trade societies should send up petitions insisting that the Government shall act on behalf of the nation and not of the federated employers. The Warrington Trades and Labour Council is, on the whole; a very modest or- ganisation, but this is a matter upon which it might fairly take a leading part. The member for Warrington is, on the platform, a great imperialist, and it would be interesting to know what he thinks of the alleged attempt to strangle the British navy.

It is satisfactory to notice that a movement is on foot with the object of returning Mr. Claverhouse Graham to Parliament. It will be remembered that, a month or two ago, Mr. Graham gave a very powerful address to the members of friendly and thrift societies in Warrington upon the subject of old-age pensions. If sent to Parliament he will be in a pre-eminent degree a representative of the friendly societies of the country, and particularly of that rapidly increasing proportion of the friendly society world which is favourable to the adoption of a State-aided old-age pension scheme. Mr. Gra- ham is a man of splendid ability and energy and an indefatigable organiser. He seems to have devoted himself to the work of popularising the old-age pension scheme, and the cause could not have a more whole-hearted champion.

PITTS'S GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE. LONDON-ROAD (Continuation of Piccadilly),

MANCHESTER. Just past Station, through South Junction Railway Arch PITTS'S STOOK PARING- SALE HAS COMMENCED. This important announcement will doqbtless send a thrill of pleasure through the shrewd public who always make a point of patronising Pitts's sales, knowing sit well that at such times a saving of from 25 to 50 per cent. may often be effected. Pitts'a are renowned far and wide, in fact, stand pre-eminent for always giving UTMOST POSSIBLE VALUE but at their Stocktaking Sales Pitta' give MORE THAN VALUE as in many instances articles are marked CON- SIDERABLY BELOW COST in order to clear them out to facilitate stocktaking.

pITTS'S believe that if they sa—critise several hundred pounds during this ~eat Sale, giving their customers the benefit, such sacrifice will pay them in the long run as an ad‘mrtisement by still further strengthening their well- known reputation as the BEST and CHEAPEST GENERAL FURNISHERS anywhere. It is latterly impossibip for any one, not having favoured Pitts's with a visit, to conceive the astounding variety and magnitude of Pitts's UNRIVALLED UWE of new and second-hand FURNITURE, BED- STEADS, BEDDING, CARPETS, CHINA, EARTHEN- WARE, PIANOS, CYCLES, BASSINETTES, Ac.. Ac., in fact eve. j hmsehold and office requisite,much of which Pitts's have secured at about a third of original cost from numer- ous large residences the names of which have already been advertised. This being Pitts's first sale in their new collossal premises in London-road they intend it to be a veritable " Record Breaker "in the annals of the furnishing trade. PITTS'S will not issue a catalogue, as long before it could be out of the printer's hands many of the choicest, lots will have been purchased by wideawake buyers who do not watt to think about buying, but buy while the chance is there, but Pitts,s will be pleased to send full particuiers to- gether with testimonials and press op nions, on application. Everyone is invited to inspect whether requiring or not. Courtesy and attention extended to all. Goods purchased and not required immediately will be stored any reasonable time, and insured against fire free of charge. Cash prices only quoted. but deferred payment may be arranged. As such an opportunity as this of economical furnishing occurs but seldom it is the BOUNDEN DUTY of everyone desirous of laying out their hard earned money to the BEST ADVANTAGE to call at PITTS'S WITHOUT DELAY or they may be too late.

DITTS'S HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15k, 22k, 24, 381 50. 75, 100, up to 0,0.0 guineas need no praise. One might as well paint the lily or gild refined gold. During the sale Pitta's will not alter the prices, but instead augment the quantity and quality of the articles, so you may take it for granted that each House of Furniture is worth DOUBLH THE PRICE ASKED. Inspectiou will verify this statement.

P ITTS'S STOOKTAKING CARPET BARGAINS. Largest and best selected Stock of Brussels, Tapestry, Axminster, Wilton, Velvet Tile, Ac., Ac. Linoleum, Flcor- clothes. Ac. AU English manufacture, at exceptionally low prices to clear. Fitted flee of charge bv competent men.

P ITTS'S STOCKTAKING, OFFICE AND LIBRARY BARGAINS.—For Half a Century the word " Pitts's " and Good Office Furniture have been synonymous. Pitts's have either the same article at a less price than any other firm, or a better article at the same price, Desks, Tables, Chairs, Stools, Bookcases, Secretaires, Copy Presses, Safes, Stands, at prices that entirely obliterate competition.

SAMUEL PITTS. ESTABLISHED MIS. LONDON-ROAD (Close to Station), MANCHESTER. Just through South Junction Railway Arch. Ardwick. Longsight, and Belle Vue Cars pass the Door.

PIANOS. PIANOS. PIANOS

===== 0002601_18980107_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
WORSLEY'S LIMITED, GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER.

WORSLBY'S have one of the largest stocks of new Pianos, in the City, by all the best makers. An Upright Iron Grand by Justin Browne,with all the latest Imprevements for 35gns Gors and Kallman for 25gn5. The "RUBINSTEIN" Pianos are universally acknowledged to be the best value ever offered to the pablic. At the com- mencement of Her Majesty's reign hese instruments would have cost ten times the money they are now sold at, and at the present day Worsley's are offering them a per eent be- low the usual price. A five years' warranty given with each of the following instruments. The "LONG REIGN "Model is a marvel, wi complete Iron frame, iron gilt pin plate ; over or under- dam check ac- tion, bushed keys, in handsome walnut case, with marque- tells and gilt panel. The LONG REIGN MODEL £lB The "CHALLENGE" Model The "DUKE OF YORK "Model £2l The" PRINCESS" Model Easy Payments from Is. monthly 12 Pianos, by Nemneyer, quite new, at marvellously low prices.

SECOND-HAND PIANOS. LATEST ARRIVALS. Cost Price. Piano, by Broadwood £25 £2 10 Plano, by James Crathie Plano, by Wornum Piano, by Burling and Burling 2B Piano, by Indermane . Piano, by Oetzmaa and Plumb..* ... 30 Piano, by Burling and Elamiteld 29 .... l2 15 Piano, by John Brinsmead 35 . l3 0 Piano, by Bord, Paris 26 Piano, by Collard and Collard 7O Piano, by Kirkman 6O Old Plgaoa taken in Exchange.

WORSLEY'S LIMITED, " TRH PANTHEON." GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. Alli City Road oars pass Business hours, WORLBYS'. 9 to 7 Beak.. IN I. 'Telephone, 1,081.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
)e, ry ho g. as ad •so ha

===== 0002601_18980107_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
"i

THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, IR9B.

RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

BRUNSWICK WEST EYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL, RUNCORN. On Monday evening the annual social" in connec- tion with the above school was held in the school-rooms, Brunswick-street. There was a fair attendance a scholars present. A capital tea was provided by Mr. J. Nancollis, after which the party enjoyed themselves the rest of the evening in games &c., over which Mr. Eden discharged the duties of M.E. Mr. George Johnson gave a song. The party broke up about ten o'clock.

GAS EXPLOSION AT RUNCORN. On Sunday night, about nine o'clock, an explosion was beard at the house occupied by Dr.D.3laney,Church- street, Runcorn. It appears that the doctor noticed a smell of gas aad went with a Mr. Herbert to ascertain the cause, but previously took precaution t) open all the windows in the room. After finding out where the leak- age was ha raised the candle which he had held in his hand in the room and an explosion took plice,and broke four or five panes of glass and damaged the ceiling. No one was hurt. THE NEVI YEAR.

Watchnight services were held at most of the churches and chapels on New Year's EV9. The year 1893 WAR ushered in in the usual fashion by the sounding of buzzers,the whistles of steamers and railway engines,and the ringing of the bells of the Parish Churcq. The first day of the year was not observed as a holidav,and most of the business places were open all day. Monday was observed as a holiday and business was practically sus pended. On Saturday and M .nday the local bands were out playing selections. MARRIED WOMEN'S TEL PARTY AT TELE PRESBYTERIAN

:knout. On Wednesday evening next, at the Presbyterian School, Victoria-road, the married ladies connected with the church are announced to give a tea and an enter. tainment. The other sections of the church, viz., the children, single men, and the married men have given concerts, and now it is the married ladies turn. A god tea will be provided, and special features will he intro- duced in the conceit. It is not often one as a chance of listening to all married artistes, as will be the case on Wednesday at the Victoria-road Presbyterian School.

, CAMDEN SUNDAY SCHOOL, RUNCORN. The annual New Year treat to the teachers and elder scholars connected with the above school took place on Menday evening in the school, Lowland-road. There was a fair attendance, presided over by Mr. John Dutton. After tea an entertainment was given, songs. Ac., being contributed by Messrs. W. Littler, J. Hind,S. Bazley, S. Littler, and H. Lloyd. Games, izc., were then indulged in up to a late hour. On Tuesday the children connected with the Camden School had their annual tea. This was served out to them at four o'clock and then games were indulged in up to eight o'clock When they dispersed, oranges were distributed to them

===== 0002601_18980107_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
. . A WESTON SHOPKEEPER IN TROUBLE.

Before Sir Richard Brooke and Mr.P.Speakman, at the Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday, Ernest Okell, shop keeper, Weston,was summoned for having exposed in his shop on the 6th December, certain margarine without having attached a label with the word " margarine' printed thereon.—Defendant pleaded guilty.—Thomas Wright, assistant Weights and Measures officer, said he visited the shop of defendant on the 16th December. He asked him if he sold butter, and he replisd he did. Witness asked him the price and he was told it was a id per lb. In serving him the defendant's brother said it was not pure butter, it was mixed. There was no label on it. He did not see any about.—Walter Timmins ear- -1 roborated.—Defendant said he bad the label by the side of the margarine.—The Bench imposed a fine of lOs and costs (£llO3 2d). - -

ANOTHER DROWNING MYSTERY ST RUNCORN. Mr. J. E. Worslev,coronertheld an inquest at the Run- corn Police Station on Thursday, morning, on the body John Ealey which was found floating in the Ship Canal on Tuesday afternoon.—William Thornton deposed to finding the body in the Canal near tho old warehouse. He gave information to the police.—P.C. Carrington stated he received the body from the last witnes. It appeared to have been in water for some time. He re- moved it to the mortuary. There were no marks of vio- lence on the body. In the pocket of the man's clothing he found papers which described the man as "John Ealey,'ship's cook, of the Selina." He entered the ship on the 10th November and was discharged on the 27th. The ship "Selina" was from Penzancs,and when at Run- corn she was lying near the old warehouse where the body was found. Witnes had made enquiries in tho town, at the custom house, and from the agents of the ship but could glean nothing about the man's anteced- ents. The body appeared to have been in the water about a fortnight. The Coroner said the evidence was of a very meagre description and the only verdict the jury could return was one of found drowned. The jury concurred and returned a verdict accordingly.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTERSAZIONE AT THE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

The annual conversazione ia connection with the Run- Corn Technical Institute, was held on Monday night, in the Institute. Students were admitted free,and parents and friends were allowed admission on payment of a small charge. There was a large attendance. The rooms and corridors had been daily decorated with flags, ban- nerettes, Chinese lanterns, &e. There was an exhibition of living pictures in the art room which included the arrival of a train in a railway statien,garden scenes anl a number of other beautiful views. These occupied about an hour. A concert was then held under the pre- sidency of Mr. J. Wilson, chairman of the Technical Instruction Committee. The Runcorn orchestral band under the conductorship of Mr. Horace W. Handley gave selections, Mr. Thomas Johnson sang the" Skipper "in a very able manner. He was loudly encored and res- ponded. De also sang "Queen of the Earth." Miss Grounds of Wm ringt,on, and Miss Kirkham of Runcorn sang the duet, " Maying," Miss Kirkham also sang in beautiful style " Twickenham Ferry." For this she was encored. Miss Kirkhatn and Mr. W. Grounds were the accompanists. Another exhibition of the kinematograph then took place in the physical laboratory. Dr. Annett of Runcorn, who is at home for a short holiday from the Berlin University, gave an address on the very highly interesting subject " Bacteriology." The lantern was manipulated by Messrs. C. and H. W. Handley.

RUNCORN PRIMITIVE METHODISTS' SALE_ OE WORE.

On Wednesday afternoon, a sale of work was held in connection with the Runcorn Primitive Chapel. Mrs. Thomason, of Runcorn, opened the days sale of work and said it gave her great pleasure to be present. The object was to provide for an adverse balance which hld arisen from the fact of putting forth special efforts in the early part of last year to renovate and beautify the chapel. There wss also a shrinkage in the ordinary re- venue. She hoped they would be successful in their efforts to realise what they wished for. Mrs. Thomason was cordially thanked on the motion of Mr. J. Richard- son, seconded by Mr. T. Booth. The Rev. W. Fidoe an- nounced that Mrs. Thomason had given a donation of £E towards the funds. The following were the stalls and stallholders : Beehive stall : Mrs. Cotterill, Miss Lunt, Mrs. Shingler, Mrs. W. Kil'cross9 Mrs. Jahn Stubbs, and Miss Siddley. Toy stall : Miss Florrie Hill, Miss Beath Williams, Miss A. Hardley, Miss B. Stubbs. Sweet 'all:s Miss E. Shingler. Christmas Tree. Mrs. Richardson, Miss Davies, Miss Ada Fleet, Miss Sayle, Miss J. With. ington, Miss Wilson, Miss Billingsley. Fruit still : Miss M. Hillidge, and Miss A. Sayle. Refreshment stall : Mrs. Wilson, Mrs. Booth, Mrs. Jackson, Mrs. Houghton, Mrs. Hardley, Mrs. Withington, Mrs. Collier, Mrs. Thomasons and Mrs. James Stubbs. Bran Tub : Miss B. Fleet, and Miss Lizzie Wright. The room had been nicely decora- ted for the occasion and the attendance at the opening was very fair considering the state of the weather. Plenty of amusements were provided.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting was held on Tuesday night,Mr. James Pritchard presided,and there were present Messrs F. J. Norman, E. Imison C.C., C. A. Timmins, G. Moss (clerk).

'SCHOOL HANAOHMENT CONMITTHE.

The School Management Committee recommended that the resignation of Mr. Crosby, who had obtains 1 an appointment elsewhere, be accepterl, and further that Mr. J. Brown be appointed head teacher at Brunswick boys school, the engagement to be subject to one calen- dar month's notice, it being alse understood that the en. gagement would terminate on the 31st July next, when the school would be closed. After that date Mr. Brown would revert to hie status of certificated assistant tekcher in the service of the Board.—The minutes were approved on the motion of Mr. Norman.

TUE ROLLS.

The Clerk reported that there were on the rolls 3339 children against 3380 in December of the prevlous year a decrease of 41. The average attendance Wes 2783, against 2733, an increase of 30 ; the percentage of attendance was 62.7 against 88.8 It was decided to draw a cheque for £450 for Mr. S. C. Beckett, to complete the purchase of two cottages ad joining Granville-street School, which had been decided upon in 1895. The sanction of the Educatbn Depart- ment was only now to hand.

_ NO FEES TO BE CHARGED IN RUNCORN VOLUNTARY SCHOOLS.

Mr. unison said he was sorry that Canon Wood was not present, because he would probably have announced that if ever fees bad militated against attendance at achool,that had been rernoved,as in future no fees would be charged in the voluntary schools in Runcorn. Every child in Runcorn would be able to attend school with- out payment of any fee. (Hear, hear.)—The Chairman: lam glad to hear it.—Mr. Imison As the Vicar puts it in the "Parish Magazine" the parents get 4s. per head in average attendance. He doubted whether there was another town where there were so many children at- tending schools not under the management of School Boards, where it could be said there was a tree place for every child who wished to go to school. There was no other business.

The Public should be on their gunnt againq " doctored " cocoas, of which there are many in the market. CADBURY'S Cocoa, being absolutely pure, stands all scats, the Medical profession and Press proclaiming it superiority as a deilci- ous beverage and a nutritious food. The Medical Anittul says :" A perfectly pure Cocoa, of the highest q aility. The name CADBURY OU any packet is a guarantee of purity.— A.M. (6)

===== 0002601_18980107_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnigntly meeting of the above Council was held on Tuesday afternoon, at DlV:ton, Mr. J. Mclntyre J.P„ presiding. There were also prcent Messrs. J. Knowles, I'. Lewis, T. Baxter, C.C., J. Parr, S. Wood- ward, T. Wright, J. M Williams, J. Stokes, E Brether- ton, W. Turner, W. Bradford, J. Ashton (clerk), G. F. Ashton (deputy clerk), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors), and J. Farrington, (inspector of nuisances.)

TAR CANAL lOAT ACT.

The Local Government Bard writing under date 31st December, 1897, drew the Council's attention to Szetion 30 the Canal Boats Act, 18P, "which provides that every Sanitary Authority within whose district any canal or part of a canal is situate shall make an annual report to the Board as to the executi:n of the Canal Boats Acts 1877 and 1884, and of the regulations made there- under, and as to the steps taken by such an authority during the year to give eff-3t to the provisions of the said Acts and regulations. Mr. Farrington reported that he had made a return.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
TREES FR _PROD9EIAN.

Mr. Charles E.— Linaller wrot3 : " Will you have the goodness ta obtain the sanction of the Rural District Council for a few traps to be planted in Cnurch-street, Frodsham. They would only be placed in such positions as would not int3rfere either with the traffic or the houses on each side. As you are aware the planting in the main st.eet has bsen cool• pleted and is a great improvement."—Mr. Wood ward proposed and Mr. Williams seconded, that coareat be given. This was agreed to and carried.

THE CLIFTON WORIES. The Clerk read a letter tram the Western Oil Manu- facturing Company, Lin- acknowleigin, the receipt of a copy of the bye-laws ; and asking the Csuncil for a license to carry on their business as oil manufacturers and refiners at their works at Rocksavage. They would do all in their power to meet the requirements of tlie Council. They mentioned the walls and brickwork were lime-washed daily, and any further information they might reouirs they would be most happy to furnisli. Messrs. Fisher, Sandys and Company, sslickors. Liver- pool, wrote :—" Your.lett:irs to our clients the Animal Products Company, Limited, have been handed to me. Before advising them as to the course they should adopt will you please lot us have a copy of the order of the 17th November, 1833, extending certain provisions of the Public Health Act to the contributory place of Clif- ton and Sutton.' —The discussion on the letter was de- ferred for a fortnight.

SCARLET FEVER AT FRODSTIA!st The Clerk read a letter from Mr. Jolla Davies, Glebe Place, Main street, Frodsham, stating that his little boy, just over two years old, was suffering from scarlet fever land he might say with some .degree of confidence he re- ceived it from a source manifesting conduct on the part of relatives, of persons suffering from that disease, extremely antagonistic to the public health. He wrote this in the interest of the general publie,and trusted the matter would be investigated, arid, if considered desir- able, recklessly careless perso.ns shown that they might not dissemimate infectious disease with imp anity.—T he Clerk said it had been investigated and there was no grounds for taking action. THE FOOTPITHOVER LATCMFORD LOCKS Mr. Woodcock, clerk to the Grappenhall Parish Coun- cil, wrote stating that the committee appointed to con- sider the above matter reported that the Ship Canal Co. had done all that they considered practicable for the protection of the footpath over the canal at Latchford locks. The committee were still of opinion that lights were imperatively needed to safeguard the public from danger and accident in lain the footpath at night, and he was instructed to write to the Rural District Council to beg them to press the Ship Canal Co. to conform to- the views of the committee and provide lamps for light- ing the footpath. The Clerk : They are not bound to provide lights. Mr. Baxter : They have done about as little as PO5- Bible They have only put oae rail up, about four feet. Any 'child could get over it. It was decided to forward a copy of the letter to the Manchester Ship Canal Company. T TO THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD. The the Board was attached to a petition to the P sealE l Tl o o f N Local Government Board with reference to the pro- vision of water supplies in rural districts. The memo- rialists considered that the law should be so altered as to give Dis • trict Councils power to carry out any works re- quired to provide dwelling-houses with water whether under section 62 of the Public Health Act 1875, or sec- tion 3of the Public Health Water Act 1878, and to re- cover the cost from the owners, such cost to be limited (irrespective o fan Y rent or rates payable far the water) to whatever sum the Local Government Board might consider to be reasonable. In csie of works for the joint benefit of several properties, power should loe given to apportion the cost amongst the owners of such properties. This concluded the meeting, and the Board rose.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF UUARDIANS.

The fortoightly meeting of the above Board of Guardians was held on Tuesday. at Dutton Workhouse, Mr. J. Knowles presiding. There were also present Mr. A. R. Norman, J.P.,Mr. T. Loa, the members of the Rural District Council with Mr. J. Ashton (clerk), and Mr. G. F. Ashton (deputy clerk), and Mr. R. J. Dansey Local Government Board Inspector. ELECTION OF aypouss.

The Local Government Board f )rwarded circulars in reference to the coming election of Guardians. They pointed out that under certain circumstances tho election of :Guardians and Urban District Councillors could be taken together. Notice of election must be given not later than Friday, the 11th March,and the day of election not earlier than Saturday 2nd April, and not later than Wednesday 6th April. THE ENLARGEMENT OF THE 'BOARD ROOM. Thomas Davies and Sons, builders, Frodshann, in reply to a letter from the clerk as to thepostponernent of the work of the enlargement of the ouse until early spring said they would prefer to commence early in February They thought the weather would lot interfere with them much alter then. THE INFANT LIFE PROTECTION ACT. Mr. Blantyre reported that the Parliamentary Com- mittee had had the above matter isnder consideration and every member seemed to approve of it. The Act was directed chiefly against baby farming, and he (the speaker) thmght people who took children would have to have a license and would be under the supervision of inspectors appointed by Boards of Guardians. He moved the adoption of the report. This was seconded and car- ried. • FINANCE COMMITTEE. The out-relief of the past fortnight had been, Runcorn £9O, Frodsham £2l, Bud worth £22. The accounts passed for payment amounted to £1,335 4s. 41. Par. Woodward called attention to the townships who had not paid their calls, viz., Frodsham,Latchford Without, Stockton Heath, Whitley Superior, and Norley. The report was adopted..

LADIES' VISITING COMMITTEE. Mr. Wood ward proposed that Lady Brooke be appointed a member of the ab3ve committee Mr. Wright said her to Serve. He secluded the pro- ladyship was willing position which was carried. VOTE OF THANKS FOR THE. CEIRISTMAA PRESENTS. The Master reported that the House Committee passed a vote of thanks to the donors of presents at Christmas time. TEll NURSES AT TRH HOSPITAL. The House Committee reported that they had had the question of the nursing staff at the hospital under consideration, and had decided to recommend the Guar- dians to appoint a coca mittee to deal with it. Mr. Stokes said it was a rather important matter, and they found it would be well to form a representative comtnittee. Mr. Dansey said since the order of the Local Govern- ment Board last August, all pauper nursing had been naade absolutely illegal, and paupers were only allowed to act as attendants after approval by the medical offi- cer.—ln reply to Mr. Dansey, the Master said they had about SO beds.—Mr. Dansey continuing, said they bad got A beds and two nurses. He thought there were very few on that Board who did not think it was absolutely necessary to have a night nurse in the hospital. They knew that many people required a nurse more during the night than in the day. If one of the nurses was worked at intervals during day and night she would not be fresh, therefore, a night nurse was necessary. A committee consisting of eleven members of the Board were nominated as a committee to consider the subject. Mr. Parr: How many patients have you in the hospi- tal.—The Master : 50 chronic.__

SMr. Dansey : There are not 50 confined to bed. The subject then dropped. This concluded the meeting, and the Board rose.

CIiRDTAIAS TREE AT MOORE.

Through the liberality of Mr. and Mrs. John White, of Moore Hall, the children of the village have just been given an admirable treat in the shape of a tea and Christmas tree in the Church In- stitute. The youngsters numbered about 120, and these greatly enjoyed the numerous and valuable presents with which the tree was laden. The fol- lowing ladies and gentlemen were present, and ad- ministered to the children's enjoyment during tea and afterwards :—Mrs White, Mrs.Clark,Mrs.bitton, Miss Milner, Mrs. Woods, Misses Litton,the Rev.ll. T. Clark, Mr. White,Mr.Secker, &e. As the children left the room with their Christmas presents three cheers were given for the donors of the treat.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE MOMENT, PLEASE!

Sufferers front Gravel, Lumbago, Piles. Pains in the B.*, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaint., Di•eases of Kidneys, Bladder. Stone, Sciatica, Rheunaatism, and Gout will Sad a positive Cure in Holdrey3's Gravel Pills. Try a small box end If not satisfied your Morl.3y will be returned. Prices la. lid., of all Cletrai.ts. or post free Um.. 12 starnpß. pro. HoLDROYD'S, Medical Hall, Checkhesten Yorks. Sold at Bridge-street, Warringi,on. Don't be put off. le you canno at them write to the Proprietor andia boriwill Ssosent neat post.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

1 The monthly meeting of the Runcorn Urban District Council was held on Thursday morning, Mr. S. Taylor J.P., presiding. There were also present, Messrs. E. Imison, C.C., G. H. Kirkham, J. Jones, T. Dean, J. W' Lightburn, P. Speakman, J.P., C.A., J. Pritchard, J' Wilson, W. Collier, D. Bisbrown, W. Handley ; F. A' Lake (law clerk), and E. MarEhall (secretary).

===== 0002601_18980107_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. McD)ugall reported the number of deaths regis- ' tared during the month of Dacember amounted to 26. Of these twa were inquest cases, and of the remaining 24 deaths, 6 were due to prematura birtb,3 to conge ton of the lungs, 4 to diphtheria, 2 to bronchitis, and 1 each to paralysis, cancer, kidney disease, senile,decay, scarla- tina, congestion of the brain, enteric fever, diarrhce and phthisis. The 26 deaths show an average death late for the twelve months of 17•03,and exclusive of the inquest cases of 16 per 1,003 of the estimated population. Fifty-one births were registered. For the correq»nd• ing mc nth of 1893 33 deaths and 53 births were registered,

===== 0002601_18980107_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MIGDAWAYS AND 13DILDING3 COMMITTEE.

This committee recommended that the by-laws hereby submitted with respect to new streets in the Urban Dig- trict of Runcorn be and are hereby approved and adopted, and that the Seal of the Council be affixed thereto ; that additional lamps be fixed in the following streets :—One in Ffankey-st., one in Cawley-at., and one in Heath-road,and that lamps in the following streets be moved, viz : Ashridge-st., Lowland-read, and Mough- land-lane . • that 200 yards of I2ia. by 6in. channels be purchased from Messrs. Brundrit and Co. ; that th 3 salary of Mr. Wilding, the surveyor, be increased to £2OO for the first year. £2lO for the second year, and £220 for the third year; such increase rto date from January 6th, 1898; that the plan of Mr. F. IJ. Norman, fox the erection of a water closet at the rear lot "Lyndhurst," Weston-road, be approved. The com- mittee also reported that a letter had been received from the Postmaster-General in reply to a letter addressed t the Runcorn Postmaster to the effmt that very careful consideration had been given to the question of provid- ing a Telegraph office at the east end of the town of Runcorn, but that the circumstances are not such as would justify him in acceding to the wishes of the Coun- cil. It was resolved that the sewer in Greenway-road from the end of Moughland-lane to Balfour-road be re- constructed, in accordance with plans and specifications prepared by the Surveyor and hereby submitted, a 12in. socket pipe sewer to be substituted for the existing egg- -shsp3d sewer, at an estimated cost of £270 ; and that application be made to the Local Government Board for their sanction to a loan for 30 years for that amount. Mr. Grice, moved and Mr. Jones seconded the adop- tion of the minutes.

Mr. Bisbrown said for personal reasons he regretted that he could not support the recommeniation with re- gard to Mr. Wilding's salary. A m ember of the Gouncil objecting to an increase laid himself °pea to a charge of animus, but he disclaimed the slightest feeling in the matter. On public grounds he objected to an increase of salary at this time. He moved an amendment that the minute referring ,hereto b 3 omitted. They could not escape the fact that the Council had two surveyors at the present time. Mr. Barker was consulting surveyor at the present time at £144 per annum and Mr. Wilding surveyor at £lBO per annum, making £324 per annum for the surveyor's department, which was quite sufh- cent for a town the s'ze of Runcorn, and he del net feel justified in voting for an increase.—Mr. Kirkham seconded the amendment.—Mr. Wilson said two years ago when they made a change in the admin- istration of the surveyor's department it was thought then that Mr. Wilding's salary ought to be increased to the amount named, but ether gentlemen thought that ' as „ew servant he ought to be two years on trial. During these two years Mr. Wilding had been doing his duty in a fashion that had rathQr opened the eyes of the members as to the result of the false economy in the past. The drainage system handed down to them was certainly reprehensible. The ratepayers had grumbled at the raising of salaries from time to time, but they must remember that the ratepayers were grumbling at the money that had to come out of their pockets to put these sanitary arrangements right. The Council had now taken a step in the right direction in throw respon- sibility for sanitary matters upon the surveyor who was a man who could cope succesfully and effectually with it. —Mr.Speakrnan supported tie.. committee,—Messrs. His. brown and Kirkham voted for the amendment and the rest of the members against, and the original motion be. jag put was carried, the same two gentlemen voting against. _____

===== 0002601_18980107_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH COMMITTEE.

This Committee recommended that no preli.ninary notices reqairing structural alterations be served upon PropPrty Owners by the sanitary inspector without pre- viously submitting the same to the Surveyor for his ap- proval; that the sam of 2s. 6i. per annum be paid to the Manchester Ship Canal Company, for the use of planks across the Canal Bank opposite the Halton-road crane and of Mooring Rings. Notices were ordered to be served on owners of houses in Wellington-street, Byron street, Greenway-road, and Regent-street, to abate nuis ances. The minutes were passed on the motion of Mr. T. Dan.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS AND CEISIETERY COMMITTEE.

Recommended by this committee that Canal Boat No. 1003 be registered ; that the following report prepared by the Secretary as to the execution of the Canal Boats Acts be approved and adopted. "My Lords and Gentle- men,—l am directed by the Urban District Council of Runcorn to present to you the following report as to the execution of the Canal Boats Acts, 1877 and 1884, and the observation of the regulations thereunder tor the year ended 31st December' 1897. During the year five boats have been registered all of which were new boats, making a total of 10,13 boats registered at Runcorn. The Inspector reported 13 contraventions of the Acts and regulations. Particulars as follows :-1 boat over crowded : 6 boats required paitaing ; 1 boat leaky ; 3 boats without certificates on board; 1 boat with number defaced : 1 boat without screens to separate the bads. The• Inspector communicated with the owners with re- gard to the foregoing contraventions, and from time to time reported to the committee Um: the matters com- plained of had been remedied. Legal proceedings were taken against the masters of boat " Daisy " for over crowdirg and of the boat "Oswald " for having a boy over 14 years of age sleeping in the same cabin with his parents. Convictions were obtained in each case. Dar- ing the year two cases of infectious disease were notified as having occurred on canal lonsts. namely a case of diphtheria on the boat "Daisy," and a case of scarlatina , on the boat "Addie." With regard to the boat "Daisy" 'the child died, and the boat was thoroughly disinfected. The boat " Addie " was isolated and when the peeling 'stage of the patient was over the boat was thoroughly disinfected. The disinfection in each case WAS carried ,1 out under the sup •rvisinn of our Sanitary Inspector. ' Alterations have been made in certificates as follows :- 1 Phree certificates with name of owner altered ; one cer- ' tificate with name of owner and boat altered ; no certi• ficates have been cancelled during the year. l'he Inspec- tor has visited 306 boats,4Bs men, 117 women, and 141 children were found on board. The Council note with great regret that there is an increase in the number of worsen and children found on board the boats. For some years there was a decrease. The salary of the Inspector is £2O per annuin,with an allowance of 2s. per boat ex- amined for registration. In last year's report the follow- ing expression of opinion was submitted :—" The Coun- cil respectfully submit that it is their opinion, founded on an experience of twenty years of the working of the Canal Boats Act of 1877, that such Act ought to be amended with a view of prohibing the use of canal boats as dwellings for children." The Council again de. sire me to draw your Lordships attention to the desir- ability of amending the Canal Boats Act of 1877 in the direction indicated. The committee reported that two persons had given incorrect information when giving notioe of interments representing the father and husband respectively as being residents in the Runcorn Urban District, thereby escaping the payment of double fees, whereas they are both non-residents and non-ratepayers. They therefore recommend that the particulars be sub- mitted to the L sw Clerk with a view of taking legal proceedings.—Passed on the motion of Mr. Kirkham, se- cond ed by Mr. Grice. TECHNICLL INSTAL:IC-00N 1315fICTIE5. This Committee submitted the following correspond- ence with Sir John T. Brunner with regard to the extinc tion of the debt on the Technical Institute :—Dear Sir, You will perhaps remember that on one of your recent visits I informed you that a sum of £317 had been raised in connection with the Diamond Jubilee Celebration for the purposes of liquidating the debt on the Technical Institute, of which mina Mr. Tayinr, the Chairman of the Council, has contributed £75. You suggested that the araount be increased to £5OO. The Committee hardly new which way to turn to get the balance, but some the members set to work to see what could be done. A sum of £5O was contributed by the United Alkali Co. Mr. Speakman gave £2O, and Messrs. Brundrit and CO., an additional £2O. At the time the Secondary School was established a Guarantee Fund was formed. As it was quite problematical as to whether the Guarantors would be called upon in two or three yeare,they themselves sug- geated that they should immediately pay in the greater part of the sums promised, thus at 01300 relieving the committee from the annual payment of interest and principal. The following gentlemen thereupon paid in to the Sinking Fund the following amounts :—Mr. S. Taylor, £l5 Os. 01 . • Mr. P. Speakman, £l5 Os. 01; Mr. F. J. Norman, £l5 04. 0. ; Anonymous, £l5 Os. Is.; Mr. A. It. Norman, £7 101. Od ; Mr. W. Collier, £4 Os. Od.; Mr. J. IVilson, £3 15e. Os. ; Mr. W. Handley, £3 155.0 d. A sum of £l4 was also obtained from other /sources so HOW the £5OO has been secured. It has been understood that you had very kindly undertaken to contribute an additional £5OO, if an equivalent stim was raised locally. My Technical Instruction Committee hope they are cor- rect in this assumption, and would be very pleased and grateful if cold could see your way to contribute this amount. I [may say that assuming the whole rif the £l,OOO is raised there will only remain is debt of 800 on the inqtiture, this r,.lieyinz the e4tah!khment of a sum of £BO per annum which has hitherto gone in the payment of principal and interest." This letter was signed by Mr. Marshall. In reply,Sir John sent a cheque for ENO to clear the whole of the debt off

the institute. We published Sir John's letter in our last issw. The committee also recommended that the

heartiest thanks of the doZinCil,--a—s-Tei;;;eniiii-i the town of Runcorn, bs given to Sir John T. Brunner for his generous donation, and that the Technical Instruc- tion Committee be authorised to take the necessary steps for the presentation to Sir John of a piece of plate, as a token of the Town's appreciation of his kindness. Mr. Wiloon, in moving, the minutes of the above committee, said in these days when so many seemed to have for their sole aim the ministering to self, it was very pleasant to have amongst them one win worked so consistently for the banefit and uplifting of the people as did Sir John Brunner. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Speakman seconded the motion and remarked that Sir John's acts spoke for themselves.—Mr. Taylor and Mr. Lightburn supported the motion which was carried.

TM! 'WATER SUPPLY.

Mr. Handley said-runa7u-re-h-a-d—l:;en going about the town from usually well iuformed quarters that the Council was supplying water contaminated by sewage, and were consequeatly taking best possible steps to spread typhoid fever and other infections disease broad- cast in Runcorn. It was alleged that the regrettable prevalence of these diseases during the past few months had been owing solely to this cause. In a certificate dated November 18th, 1897, Proressor Boyce, who had made a bacteriological examination of the water supply, stated that there was mo sewage contamination at all,no bacteria that could live in the human frame, and that the water was equal to any ordinary tap water. A circular letter from the Local Government Board with reference to water supplies had been referred to the medical officer, but he ha l not had time yet to make a report to the Health Committee—Mr.lmison painted out that in October and November, 1892, Somerset House made an analysis of the town's water supply, anti described it as free from organic impurity, but drew attention to the large per centage of chlorides present,and added that the suitabi.

lity ot the water for 'dietetic purposes was a question for the Medical Office,' of Health—Mr.lmison inquired if the reports received from the Medical Offiuer on this subject were in existence—Mr. Lightburn depreciated the rais- ing of such a discussion. It was sufficient for the Council and the public to know that the water was pure—The Secretory, replying to Mr. Inoison, said he had no knowledge of the medical officer's report.—Mr. Collier said the analysis had always shown that the water was pure ; the only fault was the excess of chlorides.—Mr. Imison said be wished to know whether the recommendation of Somer- set House was carried out and what was the opinion of the medical officer.—The Chairman said the subject had arisen witholt nntice and they could not put their hands upon the report at once. He hoped that the reports that the water was contaminated with sewage had not sprung from anyone with the slightest interest in the , town.—Mr. Dean said if the Council gave the Health ' Committee an expression of opinion they would adver- tise Professor Boyce's analysis which would effectually silence the rumours that had been floating about.— Mr. Handley proposed and Mr. Speakman seconded that the matter be referred to the Health Committee.—Mr. Collier said they had found these rumours baseless and the water satisfactory.—Mr. Handley's resolution was ultimately _carried.

Mr. Speakman called attention to the polluted condi- tion of the water in the Bridgewater 't.3"..! hoped the Eleaith Committee would take the matter into con- sideration.—The Chairman : They are dealing with it now.

This concluded the businese and the Council rose.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980107_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18980107_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nl=

- • V.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON TEAM AT LEIGH.

DEFEAT BY 21 POINTS TO NIL.

It was certainly a Warrington team that visited Leigh on Saturday but it would need a great stretch of the imagination to recognise it as being repre- sentative of the Warrington first team. Early in the week it was known that Barber and Bate would be unable to accompany the Warrington fiEteen,but few expected such a wholesale " crying off " of players as took place,and still less did anyone an- ticipate such a crushing defeat as was inflicted by Leigh. When the team gathered at Bank Quay Station shortly after one &Clock on Saturday after- noon it was found that no fewer than seven first team players were absent. Barber and Moores were missing from the three-quarter line,Bate from the half back division,and Barratt, Taylor, Hill and Naylor—the latter player having been suspended by the Northern Rugby Union—from the forward ' ranks. It will therefore be seen that the team which j iurneyed to Leigh was composed at about one-half of the usual Warrington players. Under such circumstances faint hopes were entertained by the few spectators from Warrington,of the visiting team being able to notch a couple of points. The Leigh ground was not in very good condition, and was still hard des- pite the recent rains. Right in front of the grand- stand a nasty patch had been covered with chaff Mr. F. W. Smith, the r4eree appointed, was unable to be preAent and a gentleman from Tylcl.Aley took charge of the whistle. Toe teams lined up as fol- lows :

_ Warrnwon 1314e3W, full back; Isherwood, lieesom, llallarn and Carey, three-quarter backs; Duckworth and Scott, half back; Deakin, Swift, Roby, Jolley, Eden, Wilcock, Fairhurstaand Mason, forwards.

Leigh; Coop, fell back; Spillane,Pearson, Ander- ton, and 0. Dunbavin, three-quarters ; Molyneux J. 11. Dunbavin, half-backs; Taylor, Cheetham, Boardman, Eceleston, France, Megasters, Ridge and ilindley forwards. Leigh having won the toss, Swift kicked off for the visitors,and a few minutes after-the appointed time. The ball was mulled by one ef the opposing forwards, and the first scrimmage took place in Leigh territory. It was then seen that the Leigh for wards were more than ' a match fir th 3 visiting eight,and the ball was soon os- cillating in the Warrington 25. The game was only a ' few minutes old when a scrimmage took place in dan- gerous proximity to the Warrineton goal. The ball was heeled ont, but Scott failed to get hold of it, and Dun- bavin getting possession drooped a splendid goal in the neatest manner possible. This early success acted like an elixir on the home team, and they played with re- newed dash and vigour.,Swift again kicking off the for- wards led by Deakin and Mason followed up splendidly, and Coop was called upon to defend his lines, which he did with his accustomed skill. From a scrimmage, Molyneux got possession, and was breaking nicely away when Isherwood stopped his progress by an effective tackle. A mark by Carey relieved the pressure some- what, but the kick was not followed up quickly enough, and a passing movement betweea Molyneux. Pearson and Spillane caused Warrington trouble. Isherwood again came to the rescue of his side by checking the I movement when near the Warrington line. The home team continued to rule the scrimmages, and the three- i quarters were given many chances to serge but they I made poor use of them. Anderton was given a beauti- ful pass by Dunbavin jun. but he tailed to hold, and the I opportunity was lost. A penalty kick to the home team I saw the ball hovering near the Warrington posts, and it was only the safe tackling, of Boscow which kept the tricky Dunbavin from crossing the line. Getting pee. session from another scrimmage under the posts, Dun- bavin evaded his opponents and grounded under the cross-bar. Molyneux was entrusted with the ensu- ing kick, and he WAS sucoessful from the easy place. With a seven points deficit the ‘Varrington men seemed to get dispirited, and their spasmodic inva- sions were easily repelled by the borne team. Molyneux who WAS playing a fine game, made a splendid run through the thick of his opponents, uatil brought down by Boscow. Dunbavin janior, a moment later made an attempt to drop a goal, but failed on this occasion. A fine dribble by Beardman was juet checked in time by Eden, and Warrington temporarily relieved their diffi- culties by touching clown. A strong kick by Scott took play to the half-way line. The advantage was, however, lost by Heesorn who failed to field the ball from a kick by Dunbavin junior. and a dangerous rush was pluckily stopped by Isherwood. 0. Danbavin was given an easy chance of scoring by Anderton but be mulled, but re- ceiving a fine pass from his younger brother shortly afterwards he Crossed the line. Molyneux failed to in- crease the points. The home team were now prectically having their own way, and Macmarers by a splendid individual effort scored a try. Half-time shortly after- wards arrived with the home team leading by two goals, three tries (13 points) to nil. From the restart the visitors did not show much im- proved form, their efforts being too slow and crude to warrant success. Leigh almost scored right off on re- starting. Mason touching down in time. The field now became enveloped in fog,and it WAS with some difficulty that the players could be discerned. It WAS, however, plain enough that Warrington were busily defending their lines. At length Pearson made an opening for /Merton who gained a try, the place kick failing. The temporary retirement of Molyneux from the field gave Warrington an opportunity to put a better face on matters, and a passing movement between Duckworth, Scott, Hallam, and Isherwood resulted in Warrington getting into the Leigh 25. Mason was next prominent with a speedy run, and outpaced all his opponents until he reached Coop who floored him. Warrington continued their efforts to score, but the Leigh tackling was too strong,and eventually play was again taken to the War- rington end,when a round of passing initiated by Dun- , bavin jun., ended in Spillane racing over the line. Dun- bavin placed a fine goal. A fine piece of play between Scott and Deakin saw the latter wine to the line, and sates parsing all opposition, and within a yard or two of the line lin passed the ball to another player who Was hardly distinguishable in the fog, and he failed t ) hold it.and the opportunity was lost. The ball was taken to eth-r ehriond Pearson atter passing LI-icow Was 11)ord by Felhurst who thus prevented another try . against the visitors. The closing stages of the game saw Carey in poseession with a good opening but he did i not make good use of his opportunity,and the game en- s ded in a victory for the home team by 3 goals, 5 tries (21 points) to. Warrington cit.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
5

,Clilntrtianitnts not Ciasttlrb.

QT. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, RUN- K-7 CORN.—NEXT WEDNESDAY, JA.NUARY 12th, the MARRIED LA.DIBS' TEA. PARTY. Also CONCERT by the Married Ladies. Tea on the tal.les at 6-37 p.m., and the Concert to commence at 7-45 p.m. Tea and Concert Tickets, 95. Concert only, 35.

£3O (Or Best Offer).—Must Sell at once, Grocery Provision, and Tallow Chandlery BUSINESS large house and shop ; 7s. 6d. elear,-444, EDGE-LANE, Old Swan, Liverpool.

\VANTBD, GIOTERIL SERVANT ; good,strong General; Y no washing ; wages £l2.—Apply bA, NEW CHESTER- ROAD, Bock Ferry, Birkenhead.

1031100ILTAB I,olX+l.tnin in tue nouse ol a widow ;no V children; terms rery moderate.-119, DILLAX-LANE, Warrington.

WANTED, for Stockton Heath, experienced rhatsoN to wash, starch and ir in for six ; refa.ences. -Apply 66 PADGATE-LANE, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
HALF-YEARLY SALE.

GEORGE HENRY LEE E.; Co., LIMITED, BASNETT-STREET, LIVERPOOL, WM Oiler MI MONDAY NEXT, TRE bra INST. AND FOLLOWING DAYS, AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES THE WHOLE OF THEIR SURPLUS SEASON STOCK OF

AUTUMN & WINTER GOODS, EMBRACIN G-

RICH SILKS AND DRESS MATERIALS, LACBS, RIBEONS, GLOVES, HOSIERY, GENIV OUTFITTING, TRIMMINGS.

HOUSEHOLD LINENS AND DRAPERY, FURNISHIG, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, &0.,

COSTUMES, MILLINERY, MANTLES. BLOUSES, TR& GOWNS, LADIES OUTFITTING, LADIES' BOOTS AND SHOES.

TRUNKS, DRESS BASKETS, FITTED BAGS, FANCY GOODS.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO, BASNETT STREET. LIVERPOOL.

^11,4 - -•- - A - •• ' - - , .•

===== 0002601_18980107_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE P.S A. MOVENIENE IN WARRINGTON.

REPORT OF THE Y.M.C.A. SOCIETY.

On Sunday afternoon, the firet meeting of another year was held at the Y.M.C.A. Rooms, Friars'-green, Warrington. There was a large attendance of members, and a number of new members were enrolled. Mr. William Clegg, the secretary, was chairman,and in place of the usual chairman's address he read the annual re- port for the last year. Mr. Kent, president, was the speaker, and gave an address oe the motto for the year, " Stand fast in the faith." Mr. Belford and Mr. E. Taylor also took part in the meeting. In presenting the fifth annual report of the P.S.A. Society in connection with the Y.M.C.A., the Secretary said it gave him much pleasure to state that 1897 had been a record year for their movement. The general interest the members had taken in all the meetings had been very encouraging to the officers and committee. They commenced the year with 122 members on the register,and after allowing for deubtful cases,they commenced the new register for the present year with 184 members, a gain of 62 members for the year, They had, however, "93 doubtful cases," which were not accounted for in the foregoing figures. Some bad joined membership more than once during the year. Some through change of eircumtances had left town: others were indisposed. Tvo members had been lost through death, and be was proud to tell them that a number had returned to Sunday schlol work. The total numb r of persons who had attended the meeting during the year was 10,839, or an average of 201 persons at each meeting. They had had four meet- ings in the Parr Hall, at which it was eetimated 5,000 persons attended,which left ahalance of 5,839 for their own rnom,or an average a 117 persons at each meeting, as against an average of 93 ot the previous year, being a gain of 24 at each meeting. The priz3 book system had been fully appreciated during the year. The excel- lent quality of the book matter placed in the homes and families of the members was destined to influence for good the lives of a great many beyond the walls of the institution. During the year they had given 511 books, against 382 of the previous year, an increase of 129 books. The Absentee Committee bad visited a great number of members. Their reports of the kindly wel- come they received gave a stimulus to the committee of this important branch, whilst the results of the visits were very satisfactory. The Thrift and Holiday Club had been in existence through the year, but it had not received the encouragement necessary to report a grand success, whilst those who had availed themselves of this means of saving, fully realised the usefulness of the sys- tem. He trusted that in the present year this section would receive the kindly attention and support of the members. The benevolent fund of the society, though small, bad been the means of helping a number of de- serving cases. Those who had received assistance at their hands tendered their sincere thankfulness for the help they have given. The finances were in a healthy condition. They had paid for prizes alone close upon £5O. The committee who had arranged the musical part of the services deserved their hearty thahke for the admirable choice they had provided, whilst to the ladies and gentlemen whe had kindly come to brighten the meetings they felt greatly indebted. Whilst the choice cf chairman had been left to the discretion of Mr. Hunt, and the speakers to the President, their best thanks were due to them. A more successful series of meetings it wonld be impossible to arrange. Their only regret was that so important a work should be confined to so small a room. Without exception a high spiritual tone had been maintained. The plain, practical truths of the Scripture had been soul - stirring and they had abundant proof that when the Master is correctly portrayed "He will draw all men unto Him." He regretted to say that of the six vice-presidents of the society they had lost two through death ; he referred to the late Dr. Smith and Mr. Thomas Morris,both of whom toook a great interest in the work, and were ever ready to lend a helping hand. The com- mittee had invited Dr. Reginald Smith to take the place of his father,whilst Mr. J. B.lsaac had been asked to fill the vacancy of Mr. Morris.. Both these gentlemen had kindly accepted the invitation.. Mr. J. Charlton Parr had retired from the vice-presidency. The selection Of officers for the present year had been made with the following result :—?resident, Mr. T. Se Kent ; acting eiee.president, Mr. W. Greven ; treasurer, Mr. G. Belford ; secsetary, Mr. W. Clegg ; assistant secretary, Mr. B. S. Stone; orgE.tnist,Mr. Hickman; assistant organ- is jun.; markers, Messre.Lawtem, Red. ditel3 M, rR G. rirts°,lfanrdi and S. Taylor."

RovAL or A I:ocer. Priascann. Mr. F. H. Ashton, who has rendered good service as a local preacher, has, says " The Warrington Circuit Wesleyan Methodist Church Record," " ac- cepted an engagement in the Ipswich Circuit as hired local preacher, and so for -a time at least a familiar figure will be missed from the country pulpits. It is not only there that Mr. Ashton will be missed, but also at Bold-st. and eepeciany from the meetings of the Wesley Guild, towards which he bee aot.ed for the last two years as secretary, while from the beginning he bas felt a deep inter- est in its welfare and taken a leadinz part in ita meetings. The prayers and good wishes of 1,11-8 brethren and of the circuit generally will go wi.th him in his new life." IRISH NATIONAL LRAGUB or GREAT Bnrianr,

WARRINGTON BRANCH. A meeting ef the above branch of the Irish National League was held on Sunday in the Druid's Sankey-strest, Mr. T. C. Dalton president, in the chair. The President read Professor Long's speech delivered in the Lord Mayor's parlour on Thursday last at the meeting called by the Mayor of Manchester to raise funds to alleviate the suffer- ings of the people in the West ot Ireland. It was resolved that the Irish National League hold a special meeting of the Irish people resident in and about Warrington in order that they may take their fair share in the work of helping their starving countrymen at home. It WBR also resolved that a ball be held in Parr Hall, the proceeds to go to the same fund. On the motion of Mr. P. Lane, it was resolved that the best thanks of the meeting be given to Mr. Henry Thornton who, in his goodness of heart so characteristic of him, has given £lOO to the Irish Distress Pend.

-71:rieksio Cossrotrisa ' —(Trida Mark) for Coagba and dsi 911.,131d. Sold by Chemists only ,—Advt.

MEI=

t.. ~-''''-'• -- '',' , -

===== 0002601_18980107_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.,

VT DEAR NELLIE.

I

Straw hats have given place to felt and hem; land the lovely, but fragile flowers of the summer season are deposed in favour of ostrich and cove's plumes, which, together with osprey, birds, and buckles, are liberally employed on winter millinery. Most of the new felt shapes are lifted at the side, but it is no longer fashionable to wear the hat or toque excessively tilted, as this style has been car- ried to such extremes as to be unbearably common.

Felt hats are so generally worn that some directions for trimming these may be acceptable. The toreador shape is hard and unbecoming in felt. A very fashionable hat has the medium with round brim, generally described as a sailor shape, and the rosettes can be arranged across the back, and gradually narrow off to a point on the left side. The crown is slightly indented at the back, and bows or raised folds of velvet sewn on to the top of the crown have a very stylish effect. All velvet should be cut on the cross, and lightly cross- stitched down each side, and for folds round the crown the velvet should not be less than eight or nine inches, otherwise it will have a poor and narrow effect.

The scarf head-dress is still quite the most modish thing out. It does not suit everyone, and It almost require 3 an 18th century style of hair- dressing ala Romney. But where it is successful it is so in the superlative. Height may he given to the ememble by tying the tulle or chiffon or Ease scarf into upstanding bows, or by the intro- duction of a single ostrich plume or aigrette. If the last-named is bedewed with diamonds, so much the better.

suitable Costume for a young lady takes the form of Place aux dames even though they be small ones, and so first to that useful, and withal pretty frock for a girl of any age from seven to 14, the Russian blouse bodice made in simplest fashion of red serge, with groups of tucks on the shoulders to hold in the fulness which afterwards pouches over a waistband of darker velvet, the velvet being introduced again at the neck and on the sleeves.

Chinchilla is being used very much on evening gowns. One is apt to grow almost rhapsodio over a toilette of satin antique in a shade of doll cerise, made with a flat vest of heart-shaped cerise and silver embroidered ivory satin, the bodice very slightly pouched. The sleeves were to the elbow, finished with a band of chinchilla, and a narrow line of similar embroidery and lace ruffles. The décolletage was bordered with the fur, which also edged the hem of the long trailing skirt.

A fashionable winter costume is in velvet, with narrow chinchilla fur, and a leather waistbelt, with clasps and slides. The lining of the collar and the turned-backed revers is of fine cloth, and there is a delicate embroidery work. The sleeves are distinctly novel with three bell epaulettes, but the pattern can be had with coat sleeves, rather full at the top, if required. Children's evening frocks become each yeat more dainty-looking, the development of skirt dancing probably bringing their attire into greater prominence than formerly; and now the sweetest little frocks for the very young, as well as dresses for girls of larger growth, can be bought most reasonably. Soft washing silks are well adapted for children's wear, made up with tucks and lace Insertions, or accordion pleated (if for dancing), with lace lavishly used on the, generally, yoked bodice. They are very useful to small people, who invariably spill things on their best frocks and mpoil them; the stains wash out when only lace and washing silk is used, and the frock looks as fresh as ever. Nothing can look better for children than these simply-made party frocks, either in all white or colour; soft, delicate shades, not brilliant, crude colours. Your loving JEITY%

HAIR PRESERVED AND BEAUTIFIED by using the only reliable preparation, BowLktins' MACASSAR OIL, which strengthens and restores decaying hair, eradicates scurf, and prevents baldness ; no other preparation can produce such a dressy and beautiful appearance of the hair or so stimulate its growth as ROWLANDS' MACASSAR OIL. If you have never tried it, you are strongly advised to procure a bottle at once and continue using it for your own and your children's hair. Also sold in a Golden Colour for fair- haired ladies and children. Sizes, 3s. 63., is., los, 6d, (equal to 4 small). ROWLANDS' ODONTO is the most perfect dentifrice; thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all impurities, produces a pearl-like whiteness, and prevents decay. Sold by Stores end Chemists. Write A. Howland and Sons, 20, Hatton Garden, Condon, for cash prices. Avoid spurious imita- tions. VALUABLE DISCOVERY YOU THE ITAIn.—If your hair if turning grey or white or falling off use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its eriginal colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wed as promoting the growth Price 3s. 6d. per bottle.—Advt. LINSEED COMPOUND (Trade Mark), for Coughs and Colds, 90., 130. 5013 by Chemists only.—Advt.

'IIIROAT IRRITATION AND Conaa —Soreness and dryness tickling Ilud Irritation, inducing caugh and affecting the vu co. For these symptoms use lipps's Glycerine Jujubes. In contact with the glands at the moment they are excite. 4 by the net of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable con- teal, ns becomes actively healh.g. Sold only in tins, Md. and ls.lid , labelled, •• JAMES IiPPS & CO., Limited, Hamm) patine Chemists, London." Dr. Moore. in hie work on '• Nose and Throat Diseases," sajs •' The Cl,yeerine Jujubes prel.ared by James Epps and Cf.., are of undoubted service as a curative or palliative agent,' while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the alunio'pal Tkroat and tar Infirmary, writes •• Att,r cit extended. trial, I have found your Jujultes of con.,idsruble benefit in almost all forms ot o,t disease.

CAUTION. —COUGII9.—The only medicine which gives Immediate ease to the most violent cough. asthma, &2.. is DR. LeCoCICS PuLmomc Vik.FEJ,S, as the shortest trial will prove. They have a plets•tut taste. Nothing else gives such C sound, refreshing nigift's re,t. Their efficacy in all dis- orders of the breath and lungs is wonderful. In hyst,rical, nervous, and heart complaiiip, they are unfailing, while iha rheumatic and nervous pains they act like a charm. To singers and public speakers they are invaluable for clearing land strength-fling the voice. They have a pleasant taste. is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s 64., and lls, per box. Sold by all medicine vendors.— Advt. (3).

„ LISUNI CATECARTICUM PILLS cligestlve. corrective, and agreeably aperient. 9}0,.. 130., Oali Cherniets.—Adet

OiIIIISTM AS PUEISENIS.—Choico Selection of Fur NECKLETS, Plain and Fancy lIANDiZERCICIEFS, GLOVES, APRJNS, and other ulerol Articles at stnctiv maturate Prices.—W. T. Wita.tims,Sankey-street and Legh etreet, Warrington. FH.NDKRS.—GAELANn's, Ironmonger, Warrington. LAMPS.— ARLAND'S, Bridge-street, Warrington. STOVES.—}?e ng and Cooking.-41.RLAND, Ironmon g Bridge-btreet, arriogton.

\ \ i i -.''. .- ',:' ,i,3'.. 1 '..%l_';iT-7‘ e1e4..., ~Sel ' v -"..., -....-34- 0 3 4117°',V.-N V s-. 1 j .:-'3 ,3f.,5:---- . ' ;,., "........N, / I -.',', ' ' x.,

,-,-.- . , •7,-.4 ~ --,-,,, , , -...,.. , -7, . , , . ‘. ' -.: - ; . , ~, - . . i 1) -..-.,. , :7'4.- : .. ~ iii 4 t . :er!...,,:•.' .;:r.,* : ;-:: ' , ,:. ' ' ', . , A ....... ________. .... „... , .. . - A,.,• -. .....„,.; . . . Ir. -.. . li •

- 14 - 4rr , . . itle .."4/V 6 41,yr_ . vfer, _ • V, 4 / 'r *114,7s rtr":•?, , •

===== 0002601_18980107_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NMMEM

===== 0002601_18980107_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
;-=

BEA.It THIS IN MIND,

A " Cold " is not necessarily the result of a high or low temperature. A person may go directly from a hot ' bath directly into a cold one, or into snow even,and not take cold. He may remain out in the coldest atmos- phere until chilled through, and still not take cold. On the contary, he may take cold by pcuring a couple of teaspoonfuls of water upon some part of his dress, or by standing in a door or before the stove, or by sitting near a window or other opening. where one part of the body is colder than the other prt. Let it be kept in mind that unif,rmity of temperature over the whole body is the great thing to be looked after. It is the unequal heat upon d;fferent parts .4 the body that produces Colds by disturbing uniform circulation of the blood, which in turn induces congestion of some part. Beep the feet always dry and warm, avoid draughts of air, keep the system braced up by plenty of sleep and good food and by a powerful Tonic, and Tau will be proof against a Cold and its results. The very best Medicine either for preventing or curing a Cold, is GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS, THE VEGATABLE TONIC,

-- Which is the most perfect Vegetable Remedy known,and the most efficacious to strengthen the constitution, en- liven the drooping or depressed spirits,brare th erves, and remove all Disorders of th Stomach which are caused by Indigestion, such as Loss of Appetite, distress after Eating, Acidity of Stomach,Eructation, Heaviness and Langour. Disorders of the Liver are often caused by defective' Digestion. The potency of the gastric juice in the process of Digestion is wonderfully aided by the powerul ingredients contained in .GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. While the Stomach recovers its normal tone, the putrid undigested food is cleared away, and the poor dyspep- tic is relieved of his load of misery, once more and en- joys go d health and looks lorward to happiness and long Ii If vfour occupation is an unhealthy one, if you are ex- posed to the weather, or work long hours in close rooms if your constitution is weakened, er your health under- mined ; or if you are in any way not "up to the mark," use G wilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. It never fails to strengthen the weakened system, to brace the nerves, and fortify the constitution. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters is purely vegetable and certified by Analysts to be pure and harmless. It may be safely taken by delicate ladies and children in all cases of weakness. ' It is sold in Bottles, at 2s. 91. and 49. 6d, each, by all Chemists an Patent Medicine Vendors, or direct from the Proprietors,The Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Corn pany Ltd.. Llanelly, South Wales, Carriage Free b Parcels Pos,. Beware of Imitations. See the nam " Gwilyrn Evans "on Label, Stamp, Bottle.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A DRUNKEN MAN'S ESCAPADE.—IN THE WRONG' BEDROOM. Before-I,lessrs. R. Garnett and T. Birchail at the War- rington Police Cr urt, on Tuesday, John Connor,a young man, was charged with being found in the dwelling. house of Agnes Warburton, Catherine-street, with intent to commit a felony on Novemberl4th.—Mr.Percy Davies appeared hr Cefendant and pleaded not guilty.—Agnes Warburton, the complainant,said that she heard defend- ant in her bedroom at 5 a.m. on November 14th. Think- hp.; be was one of her children she put iser handout and touched a nilan's coat. She then said "Who are you ?" and defe.xdant stis...2 up and said "Hush, don't make a noise, it's Jack." Witness was frightened and havirg heart diseases it was enough to kill her. Defendant then went out of the room and he jumped up and fastancd the deor.Afterwards she found he must have got through the back kitchen window. She recognised him as the man who visited at Mrs. Hines' next door--Mr. Davies said his defence was rather an amusing story. De- endant had a good character,and was a member of St. INlary's football team and played on November 13th be- hind St. James' Church, against St. Helens. The same evening he got drunk and then went to see his sweet- heart. He took her to Mrs. Hines's, where they had been in the habit of going, and near midnight wonld in- sist on taking her home though he was drunk. After he left her he thought he would go back to Mrs. Hines's, and in his drunkenness entered the wrong house. Ilse lay on the sofa in Mrs. Warburton' kitchen until 5 a.m, and then went upstairs,having taken hi°, bwts off. When he said " HuFh, its Jack," he thought he was talking to his sweetheart and was frightened when he found out his mistake. When the warrant was issued he went away until he received his army pension and then he came back and surrendered himself.—The Chairman said they did not think there was anything to sustain a charge of felony. It had been a piece of stupid drunkenness, for which defendant 7aq entitled to pay. Ho had no right to put himself in that state and they thought the case weuld be met if ha paid 10s. and costs (21 ss. 6d.)

===== 0002601_18980107_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

FRIDA.Y.—Se'ore 114.rman liarriaon (chairman). Dr. Gor- nall, Councillor Smethurst, Mr. J. Hepherd, Mr.S.Wright, and Councillor H. Roberts. WINDOW BREAKING —Owen Flanaghan, last from Liver- pool was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Church- street at 11 10 on Thursday night: he IVO ten ther charged with break.ng the shop window of Mr. Alf red Downs,Church- street, s.nd doing damage to the extent of £l.—He pleaded guilty to both ffences.—P.C. Monks (43) stated that on the night in question he was oa duty in Irlam-street, when he heard a smash of glass. He nroceeded in the dirceLlon of the sound and found Mr. Downs's shop window broken. A youth named Bowen pointed prisoner out as the man who had broken the window. Prisoner was making use of bad lan- gusge and witness lr cked him tip.—Harry Bowen.'bus guard, corroborated, He saw prisoner deliberately put his elbow through Mr. Downs's window.—The magistrates committed prisoner for one month with hard labour, and ordered him to make good the damage. A HUSBAND'S ALLEGED Neoinc2.—Albert Edward Granger, Russell-street, Warrington, was summoned to show cause why an order should net be made upon him ti e'ntribute to the maintenance of his wife—Mr. Shearer prosecuted for the Guardians, and said that defendant was a moulder, employed at Dallam Forge. He was married in April 1890 at Manches- ter, and since then he had left her on several occasions, and had turned her out. She had been in the Workhouse end then at the advice of the officials went bick to her husband who gave her ss. and turned her out again. She was again admitted to the Workhouse in December.—Cross.examined by Mr. Browne, Mrs. Granger,admitted having been addicted to drink. She denied that defendant had any cause for jealously,or that she had been with another man.--lhe defend- ant was sworn and stated that his wife was of drunken habits and alleged on one occasion that when he turned her out. she had threatened him with a knife and also a lamp. He had to get the police to her. Be swore that she did not delay hav- ing committed adultery on one occasion.—The magistrates concluded that Granver ought to keep his wife, and that the prima facia case egoist his wife was not strong enough to disqualify her from receiving support from him.—Dr.Gornall and Mr. S. Wright dis•ented from the opinion of the Chair- man snd the other magistrates.—Mr. :hearer asked for an order of ICs. a week, and def-ndont was ordered to pay es, a weekend the costs. DE.q.IITI(I.-11111 m Berry. 34, Battersby-Line, Was charged with deserting his wife on Dec m er 2?.n.d, and. otner daces.—Defendant dct not appear —Mr Browne represented the complainant, and said that defendant had sold the house up. and comp'ainant and her daughter had to take another house.—Complainaut said defendant had done nothin, but drink for two years. He ordered them out On the day in questi .n. Defendant could earn £2 10a. a week at tirt 'Wire Ropery where he was emoloyed in the manufac- ture of torpedo nets.—Mr. Browne asked for an order of £1 a week.—The magistrates thought he could well afford to pay that turn, and Mad,i an or he: f ;e1 a week with tull Costs, including £3 3s, advocate's f -e. BROTHERLY LOVE.— Patrick Finnerty. 8. ma.t.t str,et, and John Finnerty, 1, Vernon's-yard, were charged with assault- ing and beating their sister Catoerine Hafftery, 13, Platt- street, on December 24th.—Mr. Browne delended..—Mrs. Rafftery said that. on December 24th between 11 and 12 o'clock they heard a great knocking at the door. Her sister oren an i ...i the door d the two defendants rushed n and I challenged her husband. Both of them stru:k her. They twice broke the door open ae d smashed the panels.— Cor- roborative evidence of the ass-mit was given by the com- plainaut's titud.and and sister, the:hatter alleging that defend- ants also assaulted her.—Mr. Browne said the defentants lived with the r sister, who had bean thrown downstairs by Mr' "Pen'. The v Went to the door to have it out with him and kicked door in. Thy denied ever touching the woman. islleti Pinne,ty siid that she was thrown down- stairs b.; At Pr bias saw her brothers at complainant's houso. but n,:ver saw them hit Mrs. Itafftery.—Mary Ann Mannion denied that defenctanla ever were near complain- ant.—Thedefendants were caPed on behalf of each other and denied that either struck conaplainant.—Detendants were ordered to pay the costs (75. 6d. each.) SATUEDAY.—Before Mr. T. Birchall (in the chair) and Messrs. Geddes and Hayward. siip DOoll Co. Williams a well-known Warrington worn-m, was chug ,c 1 with stealing from the shop io .1' of Mr Valentine Morton, pawnbroker. Win wick- street, as overcoat, value 12s. Tne Chief Constable' said that at ten minutes to four Mr. vlorton's assistant saw the coat banging at the dour. About ten minutes afterwards, in Consequence of what he heard, he went in pursuit of the Prisoner. ant caught her with the coat in Foundry-Yard. He took It from her, and elm said, Oh, let me off this time. I have been doing no harm." lie g vi, Information to Be ective Inspector Monaghan. I who apprehended prisoner. and when he charged her with the offence she said " I didn't steal It ; I found it 011 CIO ground." Prisoner said she was • ry sorry—she had had drink.—Prisouer, who had been convicted many times previously,was sent to prison for six weeks. —Annie Walsh a Belfast woman, was charged with stealing frrm Inside the shop door of Mr.Dolan clothier, 11, Horsernarket-street, a jacket, vane 10a. at ten minutes to six on the previous night Prisoner pleaded guilty. 7he Chief 0 onstable said this was a case af theft from Inside the sh-m door. The coats, which were ju.t inside the door, were attached to pie-es of string, commimiciting with a bell in- -81(th the shop, and when anyone touched the clothing the

===== 0002601_18980107_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TITE EXAMINER FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898.

bell would ring. An assistant in the shop hearing the bell tinkle ran outside and saw the prisoner disappearing round the corner with the jacket. The price ticket was en the jacket. The woman was under the influence of drink at the time, and her conduct at the Police Station was abs olutely indescribable. Prisoner was sent to gaol, for six weeks. DELTIVIC AT A WATCH-NIGHT SERVICH.-ThOGl35 Riley, soldier from Oriord Barracks, was charged with drunken- ness.—Sergeant Dean stated that he 'found.the prisoner asleep in Übenezer Ch.pel, Buttermarketwtreet, at twen:y minutes oast twelve midnight A watch-night se:Wise hid been held there. When he woke him up the prisoned used bad language.—A tine of ss. was impowd. ii-esss. F. Moran, (in the chair). T. Birchall, J. W. Hayward, Coancill(rs Smethurstalid nhaw I Green. .

• DRIJNICENNE.S.—For being drank on divers dates the fol- lowing were fine-I :—Thomas Healey, 16 , lAtton'e-row, ss. and costs ; John Harkins, 27, Garden-row, ss. : John Del- on.. 62, Lythgoes.lane, 53. and costs; John Acton, 56, Win- wick-street. 5s and costs. . _ .

SHOCKING CONDUCT OF I MOTHER.—Margaret Burke WAS charged with being drunk and disorderly on Saturday night in Winwick-str.et, and also with neglecting tier child.— Sergeant Hollingworth stated that at half-past eight on Saturday night, whilst in company with Inspector Mc eateer, he saw the defendant in Winwick-street, very drunk and leading a baby by the hand. She was staggering about, and the baby was in danger ot being fallen upon at every step. She told him that she had come out of the Workhouse that morning. ;she was screaming and throwing her arms about The baby had to be got from her by main force.—The pri- soner Wee sent to gaol for a month, and the child was ordered to be taken to the Workhouse. A CAN DRIVEN FlNED,—Thomas Dernon, eab driver, Friars'-green, was charged with being drunk in Kendrick-st. on December 24. —Defendant did not appear.—?.C. flaxendale said he was in Winwick-st. on the night in question when he noticed a horse and eat) in the street in charge of a boy, who, it appeared, had stopped the animal. The driver was newhere to be seen, but subsequently he saw him in the Infirmary, where his injuries were being attended to by one of the house surgeons. It appeared that the defendant had fallen off his cab.—The Chief Constable said the defendant Was so drunk that befell off the cab, He had since left the town.—A fine of 51. and costs was imposed. SIIFFICRING DOG-OWNERS.—George Rotherham, boiler in- spector, Knutiford-road. was charged with allowing his dog to be at large ummuzzled in Church-street, on the 22nd December.—Mrs. Rotherhmi appeared for her husband, and explained that the dog had a muzzle on when it was sent out, but it came back without one. —The Chief Constable : Unfortunately, the order does not take that into account at all.—The Chairman : The owner must take the responsibi- lity I.—The Chief Constable : Undoubtedly. It is possible to lock a muzzle on a dog. It is certainly a great hardship when these muzzles are stol'en.and I speak feelingly as a dog owner myself. Lads take away the muzzles out of pure mischief—Sergeant Smith having stated the facts of the case flne of Is. Was inflicted. A MISCHIEVOUS YOUNGSTER —Charles Foster,Knutsford. road, was fined a shilling for having the chimney of his dwelling-house on fire. The mother attended,and explained that her son, three years of age, set a newspaper on fire and put it up the chimney. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chlir) and

WARRINGTON 6' "V. LEIGH "A."—The return I match between the above tearrlA was played at Warring- ton on New Yeer's Div hetore 3,000 epeetators. War- rinetori wee,- h ,rt of several re their regular players. in- cloilig Hallam. Ceres-, Scote, Elan, Wilcox. The fur- wer,is were leather a scratch lot, bac the tack division WAS coMpos,d or Jones full back ; Morrison. R edford, Ocoee, sad Pendlebury, three quarters ; R. Bete earl Ashurat. hall backs. The heine ea in went off with con- sidereble dash and Cross snapping up the ball at half- way ran through the Leigh men making a fine opening for Penelebury, who scored. 12;c1ford failed at goel.but the attack was warmly maintained for some minutes, a mull by Radford however, allowing Leigh to rush to the centre. The home forwards soon got to the line again and Morrison aan in, but he had taken the ball forward. Pendlebury nearly scored by a dribble but Lomas intervened. The Leigh custodian, Radley, saved a try under the posts, but Warrington would not be denied and Cross scored a pretty try from a pass by Bate. Fondle- bury just failedat goal. A moment later Ashurst dodged round a scrimmage and notched the third try, Cross adding the goal. Leigh were outclassed at all points and Cross by another good run enabled Morrison to score a try. Just before the interval Morrison again took the ball smartly and outpacing all opposition scored behind the posts, Hoyle kicking a goal. At half-time, Warrington led by 3 goals 5 tries to nil. In the second half play was not near so interestingethe -iierne lot seem- ing ceNtent to defend. Leith warmed to their work and after struggling on the Warrington line were awarded a try and Berry landed a goal. Officer made a fine run and was only pulled down by Pendlebury within a yard of the line. Soon after this Pendlebury was hurt, and had to leave the field. Radford tried to get in but was overhauled and the game ended in a win for Warrington by 19 points to Leigh 5 points. Runcorn; A v. BROUGHTON RANGERS A.—Thie match was played on the Irwell-lane enclosure on Monday I afternoon before a mere , handful of spectators. The Rangers wale assisted by several first team men, while Rencorn had great difficulty in getting a team together. The game hid not been long in progress before a grand round of passing by the Broughton backs resulted in c„ssean scoring a good try behind the posts, Shepperd failing at goal. Midfield play followed, Sheppard mak- ing a good a'ternot to lower the Renown goal from a free kick. Runcorn with a rush got to the other end, but were goon driven back. Eed-to-en3 play followed, the only notable effort being a grand bout of passing by the Runcorn three-quarters. Half-time—Broughton Rangers, one try ; Runcern, nil. Tyr) meee tries were scored be the Rangers in the second half, one of which was converted by Shepie +re. Final result—Broughton Rangers, one goal three tries (11 points), Runcorn, nil. RUNCORN HORNETS V. HA.LTON.—tit Halton. The visitors kicked off downhill. Hayes returned to the Hornets' 25, but the play was fast. From a scrimmage at the home 25 Hughes received from Marsh and after a good run transferred to Stringer, wile snored at the corner, Moulton adding a goal from a diffieuie position. 'The visitors were soon preeeing again, and scored after a good rush for Ow line. Trle kick at goal failed. Potter, Hayes, and Jeteock played well,but their efforts always failed, the visitors tackling being toe good. Half-titne : Hornets, eight points; Halton, nil. The Hornets had the best of the second half, being constantly on the attack, but they played a hose game, often allowing the horns back to clear. Potter fielded the ball well, but Dean accounted for him easily. Hughes played well and never seemed to be in trouble. Neither aids scored in this half. Field : Hornets, eight points; Halton nil, WIDNIS A v. WIGAN A.—Played at Widnes on Satur- day. Wigen ha I only 13 men. The visitors won the toil, grid Thomas started. A scrimmage ensued in tlae visitors' half, from -which the ball traveled to Jones, who was tackled after a smart spurt. Play continuing in this part of the field, Joaes received from Hiekey,and placed down at the corner. The points were unim- proved. A brilliant passing movement again worked the ball up, and a chance was missed owing to Weate failing to follow up. A few seconds later Taylor aided a further three points, Thomas kicking a goal. From the restart a rush was made up the field, and Percival being tackled a scrimmage was formed on the heals goal line, but the leather was trans- ferred back. hieciting play followed in which Taylor releved the excited feelings of the spec- tators by kicking up the field. A long pass by Weate saw Thomas receive and land behind the line. The same player was successful at goal. By degrees the visitors worked their way into the home half,but by means of kicks and passes the tide of fortune was re- versed, and play was waged in, the visitors' half. Here a sure chance was missed owing to Weate missing a pass from O'Brien.From a kick out of scrimmage Jones again augmented the score,Thomas failing at the goal kick. A very neat try WAS obtained by Peacock shottly after- wards, Thomas adding the major points. After further play, the Wigan back kicking dead, Kenyon rushed up and dropped on the ball before it arrived at its intended destination. Half time found Widnes leading by three goals six tries to nil. Wigan restarted, an I tries were scored for Widnes during the second moiety by Jones, Hickey,and Kenyon. The first two performances were crowned by goals. The final arrived, and Widnes left the ground winners of a comparatively easy game by six goals nine tries to nil.

PARK JUNIORS v. FAIRFIELD HORINTETS.—This match was played on the ground of the former at Arpley on Saturday. The visi-,ors won the toss and Taylor kicked off for ths juniors. The home team were only half repre- sented while the Hornets played their full team. The visitors tried repeatedly to score but the defence was too strong, Woods, the h•me full back being in grand form. The homesters played up grandly, and often got near to the line, only to be repelled by a flying punt by Ellam. Give-and-take play ensued and half-time arrived with no score. Alter the interval the home team showed the upper hand and, after some fine worlt,A.. 13)ifen dodged all his opponents, and scored a grand try. Time arrived shutly afterwards with the janiors leading by three points to nothing.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

THE appearance of thA uniue little " niary and Com- panion.' Issn.d by fibo. ht'i•iSYY , tor tilts nse • f erfrketers (a Filch ms.-h ob,-aineci Iron Sport 3 nesters 13, iksel.ers, r tallnav Books, cis fw 01.) r,mindi us of the a ming selq,o, 1(1 alticipktina Ist fieo, G. Buesey & 11 we prep we i a " n-cord stock of lists. We are toll tlist th, timber they told tor Bat making alone, exceeds 1,000 tni... •• Glori.ts C ieke o:lows the British Flag everywhere." (I)

*o* Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reu.ots of matches plalred on Saturday must be sent to the Head Office. Bswsey-street, Warrington mat later than 10 o'cloekon Thursday morning or they cannot be inserted.

BROUGHTON RANGERS v. RUNCORN. This return match was played on Monday, at Whealer's Field, Lower Broughton, before upwards of 7,000 spectators. Toe afternoon was fine and a fast open game was played. The Rangers had the best of the exchanges throuehout, and wOl4 easily by sixteen points to none. In the first half the visitors w. re quite ent-plaved. and seldom crossed the halfway line, but in the second they improved, and had several easy open- ings to score, but did not turn them to account. flee feature of the play was the defence of their full hack, who certainly saved them from an even worse defeat. Faulkner end Jolley played smartly for them at half hack in the second halt, bat the combination of their threequarters was far below that of the Rangers' and continually let them down. The forwards were fairly matched, Whitehead ,Fariner,W. Robinson, Steel,Walker, Clemmson, ad Langley showing op well for their res- pective sides. Thu Ringers kicked off, and play was at once taken to the Runcorn quarter. Duck made a fine effort to break through, but was tackled close to the goal line. Then Hacking dropped at goal and sent the ball dead against the back boundary. The pressure was immediately renewed, and Whitehead gained pessession alter charging down an attempted kick by Jolley, and ran to the Runcorn goal line before he was stopped. Severe scrummaging folio wed,usitil the visitors touched down to avert disaster. This, however, did not keep their rivals from scoring, as Nelson intercepted a pass shortly afterwards and passed the ball ' to Messenger, by whom it was sent to Barrett, who ran round his opponents in fine stile and secured by a try behind the posts. The place was of the easiest and Nel- son kicked a goal. Farmer kicked off from the centre, and a minute later Langley made a mark, but no advan- tage resulted from the free kick. Nelson, on the other hand, again got possession near the centre and passed to Chapman, who went off at tcp speed, tricked Gavter very smartly, and on being challenged by Houghton passed the ball outside to Duck, wile ran in with the greatest ease and grounded the hall taehind the posts. Nelson took the place kick and added a goal. Another dead ball fell to the Rengers, when Hacking came into collision with one of his opponents, and was compelled to leave the field. Though a ruin short, the Rangers c ontinued to force the game, and Vl bale made a fine rue along the touch line, broke away from Houghton, and , gained another try for the Rangers. The place was near touch, and Chapman failed at goal. Nothing of moment followed until hilf-time, when the Rangers led by two goals and three tries to nil. After the restart Hacking , resumed his place in the home team. Farmer kicked , off.and the ball was saon taken to the home quarter,and Aylward just missed dropping a goal, the ball going 1 dead ; whilst soon afterwards Houghton had two place kicks at the Rangers' goal, one from a mark by Light- foot close in front, but without success. The Rangers then had a turn, but for a time the play was fairly even At length Walker made a fine dribble to the home quar- ter, and the Rangers were again closely pressed. Hough- ton made another drop at goal, and scored a minor, but no tangible point was gained, and at length the Rangers took the ball to the centre of the field, when another fire passing run by Messenger and Chapman culminated in Duck breaking past several opponents and securing an- other try, which Chapman failed to improve. %a further scoring took place, and the game ended in a victory for the rangers by two goals arid four tries (16 points) to

ROCHDALE HORNEPS v. RUNCORN. Played at Rochdale, en S aturday. Runcorn were still euffaring heavilf from abseuteee. Rochdale being strengthened by the re- appearance of Davies, of Swansea. Fdriller kicked off, Rig:: and Every returning to centre, where Robin, on had a free kiek, which was nicely punted back- Wightman missing his catch. Walker and Ligktfoot raced up and put in a beautiful dribble. A lot of capital kicking was indulged in by both sides, Houglaton and ' Jolley using great judgment. Rochdale now began to press. W. Gayter had to retire owing to charging a man without the ball. Vaughan passed out to Wightman, who sprinted well, but Antrobus pushed him into touch. Moore had a free kick, which was well supple- mented by Hailwood with a neat run and punt. Jolley got hold from a scrimmage and passed Co Faulkner,who in turn gave to Robinson, and the latter to Antrobus. When the home team goal was in danger Houghton,and Jolley were loudly cheevd for their clever work. Roch- dale, however, returned the attack, and a fine passing I run by Wightman, Davies, and House was brilliantly I executed, Robinson tackling the latter and pushing him into touch. Although handicapped Runcorn played grandlvoome splendid kicking being witnessed on both sides. Faulkner here intercepted a pass,and after a long run the Rochdale goal was again in danger, Hailwood just missing a goal from a free kick. Faulkner put in an- other grand ran, and Farmer and Walker took up the running, Rochdale relieving with a free kick. Half time —Rochdale nil, Runcorn nil. On resumption,Runcorn went off in a determined manner, and for some time it seemed probable that they wou!d snatch a victory. The Hornets, however, managed Co keep their lines intact and were soon oPerating near the other end. Hereabouts it could be easily seen that the loss of Gayter on the Runcorn siele Was having a telling effect on the other players.and but forlioughton,who was playing a grand game, Rochdale would have scored more than once. A smart bout of passing betweena number of the Hornets players resulted in House ;storing a good try. W. Rigg failing with the kick at goal. Lie made amends for thie a little later on when thc ball was kicked out to him, and he promptly put it over the bar with a neat drop. The game continued Co be :well contested until the final whistle sounded leaving the Hornets victorious by one goal one try (five points) ; Runcorn, nil.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
WIGAN v. WIDNES.

A more attractive match than the return engagement between these old rivals could not have been selected, and it was not therefore surprising to find an unusually large crowd on the Frog-lane eadosuee at Wigan on Saturday afternoon. The brilliant form of the smart Widnes contingent in conjunction with the introduction into the home team of a couple of freshWelstimen tended to amuse interest. Through a damaged ankle Rhoden was unable to take his place, Gainey, one of the im- portations, taking his position, whilst James, th other recruit, was drafted into the front rank. Toe visitors s came Lilly represented, and a good game was antici- pated. A heavy hsz3 hung ever the ground as the players appeared. Widnes started five minutes late, and after they got to the line Timoney kicked well down the field. The forwards followed up smartly, and gained farther ground, but Brennan punted neatly. Sub- sequently play settled down at centre, where the game was fast. The home forwards dribbled away, and Rig - pan saved under difficulties, kicking away. Wigan, however, pressed, Timoney being conspicuous. Rispan and Brennan were next in evidence with a capital com- bined run, which completely changed the venue. A Minor to Widnes followed. Then Brennan made his I mark, and Batey kicked a goal from centre. Play con- tinued of a fast and exciting character, the respective combatants working with tremendous energy. The visitors, though with a two points lead played with confidence, the backs passing neatly. The Wiganers though were doing well, particularly the for wards, who were stumg in rushing the packs. Nevitt next got off, but his pass to Peters went forward. 'The visitorq, however, pressed until Iltllivrell relieved, and on more lnstilities were in neutral territory. Neat punting by Jag() and Timoney gained. and Batey was several times called upon.Gainey was nex.. in evidence,but the visitors,who were playing in cambined style, were repeatedly dangerous. Sub- sequently the home men did better. Brennan scored from a passing movement, but Batey failed at goal. A good run by Timoney Was the next item. Half-time— idnes one goal one try, Wigan nil. The first item of interest on resuming was a smart passing move by the home backs. Batey collaring Timonev finely. The Wiganers pressed new, the visitors being compelled to defend. Batey though kicked stronely, and his front rank dribbled to the other end, where Winatanley was to the front in good defensive work. At this stage His- pan Was danlazed, and retired for a few minutes. His team were having much the best of it, playing with bet- ter comkination. Final—Widnes eight paints. Wigan tee points.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
" A " TRAM COMMITION.

RUNCORN A v. Rocunm.a.—At Runcorn, before a poor gate. In the opening stages Fletcher scored for Roch- dale,and Nuttall kicked a goal. Resuming, even play followei. After a neat bit of passing Horrocks got over alter a smart run, but no goal reaultod. Half time— Rochdale Hornets A,eight paints; Runcorn A, nil. Final —Rochdale Hornets A, 1.2-0; Runcorn A, nil.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
To Mon:trim—Mrs. Wilmslow's Soothing Syrup has been used over filty years by millions of mothers for their chil- dren while teething with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste : it pro- duces natural quiet sleep by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes as bright as a button." Of all chemists Is lfd. per bottle.--4dvt.

(-1 Sysin2-, ton's Edinburgh Coffee ~ 5 Es:3enecs are noted for their .: k' rich and delicious flavour. Sold ''' oi Lin m ~ sall and large .bottles by.. Grocers in every town. ~ • A?„-dci.,•9 , - ~, ',. .- - •' -

===== 0002601_18980107_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. T. Birchall.

A VIOLENT LODGERTIBRI-jeCia-iir-Fill elderly man, was chargcd with assaulting and beating Arin Ball on Monday afternoon and also with being drunk and disorderly in Battersby-lane.—P.C. Bradley deposed to being informed that defendant had tried to strangle complainant He went to Battersby-lane and found Mrs. Ball bleeding frorn a scratch on her neck. Defendant was drunk and Witness bad to lock him up—Ann Ball, 174. Batteraby-lane said that defendant was her lodger and cousin to her husband. Ile came in the house at 1-30 on Monday about •'half and half," and used shocking language. She remonstrated with him and he seized her by the throat and attempted t) stringla her. Com- plainant got free and defendant then pieced up a scraper from the fireplace and threatened her with that.- Mrs. Craddock deposed to seeing defendant seize complainant by the throat and choke her. He also at-tea ptel to hit her with the scraper.—Defendaiat was fintd £1 and casts (21 Bs. 6.1. Ii all). DRUNII.—A disreputable looking man named Charles O'Brien, a shoemaker from North unpten. WAS tined 55. for being drunk in Winwick-street on Monday night.

WEDNESDIT.—Before Mr. John.Fairclough (chairman), Mr.

J. Geddes, and Mr. T. Biala ALLEGED THEFT FErm A RAILWAY VAN.—Arthur Walker, brakeman, was chargel with stealing from a van belong- ing to the London and Nortts-Western Railway Company on Saturday a man's suit of clothes, two ties, three razors, box of cigarettes, and a pair of boots, to the value of £5 the Pro- perty (1 the Company.—Detective How.lls applied for ft remand until Tuesday, saying that defendant was appre- hended the previous day and the goods !mind in his house.— He was accordingly remanded. A WET COUGEL—Blizabeth MAddollts was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Whiwick-road at noidaigh-, On Tuesday.—P.C. Clougn deposed to finding prisoner with her four year old daughter lying on the footpath near the Pot teries, in th • rain. Sha was drunk and used filthy laugu sge. trying to tt Ike him in the eye.—A fine of Is. and cost was impoeed. TIMM/Y.—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman), and Mr.

S. Wright. " MAN'S HUMANITY Td MAN."—A. PAUPER'S COMPLAINT. —Albert Martin, an elderly msn of respectable appearance, was charged with wilfully breaking two panes of glass in the lodge of the Workhouse, on Wednesday afternoon.—He pleaded guilty under erect provocation Mr. Basil Shearer. inquiry officer, prosecuted, and esig that prisoner appeared at the lodge about 43) and applied for admission, but according to the regulations he could not be admitted at that time. The Workhouse was somewhat crowde4 with casuals who had to be detained tw3 nights and one day. and until these had finished work others could notbe admitted. Prisoner waited until 5 o'clock and then took off his shoe and broke two panes of glass. Hie only provocation was that he was , there too soon and could not be admitted.—Sarnuel Fernside, porter, corroborated.— Prisoner said that he wee wet through and oily wanted to go inside and sit down. Instead he was kept standing in the rain. If they hid had any humanity they could have done a great deal for him. He would not have been treated that way in his own country (America). He was exasperated and gave way to passion when he broke lthe windOW.—Tim Bench sent hirn to gaol for a month's hard abour,

===== 0002601_18980107_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WBBRINGTON COUNTY rEr ry SESSIONS.

..... - - _ WEDNF-IDAY.—Before Lieutenant-Colonel Ridgway (ehair- man), Mr. John Crosfield. and Mr. F. A. Frost. LICENSES FOR PLOUGHING MATCHES —George Waywell was granted occssional linnses to sell at a field near High-- street. Newton. 00 11th January fora ploughing match, and for a similar event on Janortry 13 at Ashton. DRUNICENNES3.—George Weleby, for being drunk and dis- orderly in Woolston OflDecembnr 3.)th, was fined 6s. and costs; Henry Jennings, same off illed at Croft, on December 28th, fined ts. ; Jame; Way well, drunk and disorderly in Croft, on D.eember 13th. fined fis. ; George Lloyd, Burton- wood, 2s. 6d.; John Millington, Peaketh 2s. 6d. A NEGLIGENT DRlVER.—L.ftearence Baldwin pleaded guilty to a charge of being such a dlstane.e from 11,8 horse on Dee. 11th ia Rixton, that he had no coutrol of it.—He was fined 2s. 61. ' DOG AT LARGE. Byrom, Penketh, for allowing a dog tobe at large on December 19th ia Panket'n was flied is.; Thomas Cooper, same offence on December 17th in Woolstoa, fined 3s. 6,1.

RUNCORN PETTY SaiSIONS. MONDAT.—B_fore jrS Richard Brooke (chairman) and Mr. P. Speakman. THE EDUCATION ACT.--For contravening this Act, George Morrison, of Halton-road wta fined fis. including costs. Samuel Tom Jason, Seho;i Attend woe Officer, proved the case. DRUNK AT WEAToN —Abrahlal Kit rftss chentfcal labourer. Weston Point. was finad ss. and Si. CI. costs, or in default 14 days' hard labwolaisr,afiasrehbaer,gn:ido,n-upn:a:idsi:gisorderly in Heath- ro id, on 2;th December.—P C. Morris proved the case. SLIpEPING OUT.—lgmrni. Carter who had bean arrested for sleeping out, to ',save tne town.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLIsa DIET—Is IT WIIOLESDME

:id the

That is a question which has Err qaently exerc' minds of our doctors. We eat too much heavy food— too much 'mat. We do not as a nation, take to the lighter and more varied viands of our continental neigh- bouts. That pracilsal humorist, Mr. G. It. Sims, avers that ngland owes inu-11 of her greatness to her roast beef and houest beer, but it is a qttestion whether a t little less af those excellent commodities would not be a step in the right dirtc.bu. Heavy foods, however well cooked, produce a of r.i•pialion, flat consonant , with healthy Mental and physical energy. Moreover, it heads to a Sluggish condi!icia of the liver, which has much to de with our admitted lack of life I and spirits as compared with cur lig,hter-eating and lighter hearted friends acrors the Eng. lista Cnannel. There can be no denying this fact, but at any rate there is a remedy at hand. Our sluggish system Elitist he made to act more energetically, in a natural way, without nor having recourse to deleterious pills and purgatives. Tai California Syrup of Figs will It is dopleasantly,rightl rightly k naonv;l,lwaist h.. 0 EiNti ttheuir g phiteraestl ni nt. c o nl avxe an ttei vnlc.l; 1 three words which admirably and tersely describe . its kd action.nsy s alntdbowels doeso neoltsgrioe, nauseate, or weaken. It gives prompt rolled pleasantly, leaving the liver its use tnaT Ise ,pderitLtiaonnenntulyed as eflt n system s relieved and. cleansed. It is strengthening invigorating and energising; not weakening and tower- ing as most ordinary phis and purgatives are. There is no discomfort or inconvenience. It simply aids nature. and its results are healthful regularity and freedom from dangerous impuriti?s in tlyt system. But it must he re- membered that simply asking for "Syrup of Figs"won't do; you must ank for “Cilifornia"Syrup of Figs (in full), and see that the name and trade mark orthe sole triaou- ' facturers, the California Fig Syrup Company, are on the front page of tits package, or it is possible that some de- leterious compound or imitation bA.ring a similar name may be offered you. Of crnmists everywhere -Is. lid. and 2s. 9.1. per bottle.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCA.SHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE.

RUNCORN RECREATION V. WIDNES RANGERS.—Thess elubs stayed their return match at Runcorn on Satur- day, both sides being well represented. The visitors won the toss, and elected to play down hill. Whitney kicked off for the home side. The early part of the game was in favour of the Recs. Abel was almost over, but was brought down on the line, the Rangers reliev- ing. Play was transferred to the other end, where a penalty kick was awarded to the Widnes men near the 'posts, and a goal was notched without difficulty. Con- tinuing, the game was even for a time until Hearne al- lowed his opposing wing to beat him easily. Promptly taking the opportunity he seered naar the posts, from which a sccond goal resulted. At half time I,he score was seven points in favour of the Rangers. Playing down the hill in the second half the home team pressed, but were unable to cross the line, the Visitors giving a tine defensive display. The Recs. made, strenuous at- tempts to score but all their efforts were of no avail,and when the whistle souudei far hostilities to cease the Itsngers retired victors by 2 goals 1 try (7 psi-its) to nil.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
For 14 Years

led with a Terrible Skin nedicines and hospi- tal tre at- 'ent I r e w .rse. I rheu- i s m, g e s- head- conld sleep. taking .od's iarsaparil- my rheu- \tism be- le bet- head-

;ere, indigestion quite gone, and my limbs are getting well. Miss. WHITE, 7, Bank Top, Manchester Road, Droylsden, Lancashire.

Sarsa- d patina ;.4 2s. 9d., or 4s. 6d. C. I. Hood & Co. Ltd., 34, Snow Hill, London, E. C.

Hood's Pills cure all liver ills. is. id.

I was troublc Disease. Under rat s. m g w. - had mat 4 Anedilft i.n d ton, ` ache not \°. On ' Ho :A S. s t' lam mati cam • • •"/ ter a. • aches not as sev-

===== 0002601_18980107_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLES! CYCLES!! CYCLES!!!

RIDE "DIAZEPPA" CYCLES highest grade. 1897 Patterns now ready. Call and inspect or special LADY'S PNPIIIMaTIC Price £lO 10 0 GENTS do do. 0 0 Complete with all accessories and guaranteed tor twelve months. Cash or easy payments. Write for our catalogue. I,JORGE & CO., CYCLE FACTORS, SCOTLAND ROAD, LIVERPOOL. opposite Crane A sons. Telephone 1915.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
A. STRONG MAN'S STRENGTH.

(From the Rugby Advertiser.)

Mr. Em TOMALIN, tsf High-street, Long Buckby, a strong man between fifty and sixty, has revealed the se- cret of his strength. It appears that one day just before Christmas, three years ago, he did a bit of work out in the open : it was bitterly ccld,and the wind pierced him to the bone. Rheumatism in all its paintul intensity subsequently set in. His hands, feet, and legs began to swell ; they became extremely painfultand be had to go to bed.

"I could not," Mr. Tomalin told the writer,"lie in one position five minutes together, and was unable to turn without help. My limbs ached, and seemed like fire. My hands were so painful that I dare not lift the bed *lathes with them. The pains and the swelling became worse and worse, and neighbours who came to see me thought my constitution had hopelessly broken up. This went oa for some time,vrhen I remembered having read in a newspaper about Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale- People, and the great public attention that their wonder- ful cures have attracted, so I decided to begin taking them.. lam not going to say the first pill cured me. After a few days, however, I felt I was getting better, and in about five weeks from my first seizure I could do a little work. I had three bests of pills altogether, but had not taken them all before the rheumatics had quite gone. They did rue no much good that I did not find it necessary to diet myself, in fact I had a drop of beer— which they say is net good for rheureatics— whenever I felt I wanted it."

" Then you have great faith in the pills, "I should think so. One of my daughters in service up in London had a swollen knee, camel by carrying . heavy weights upstairs in a big house ; and the London doctor told her she might get batter with rest, but her leg would alvraye be stiff. Well she came home, and took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and in seven weeks she was better tnan ever she had been in her life. Her leg was cured and the stiffness had completely gone. She took a box of pills back with her and won't be without them now. We always keep them in the house, and twelve months aao last Christmas our youngest daugh- ter had St. Vitus' dance, which she had often been sub- ject to. She took several boxes of the pills, and the complaint seems to have thoroughly left her." As these disorders are of different kinds ,the question may reasonably be asked,"How is it possible for one medicine to cure so many varying complaints ?" The secret lies in the fact that Dr. Willimns' Pink Pills com- bine two very imp3rtant properties. They are a safe and extremely effective tonic, especially tc. the nerv.2B and the spine, suited not only for men, but also and especi- ally for women suffering from the special ailments of their sex ; and tney have the power of enriching and building up the blood. Cmsequently, when they cure, they cure in quite a different way to ordinary medicine, which only combats the signs and symptoms ot disease. Dr.Williams'Pink Pills attack the foundations of disease and eradicater them from the system, not, however, by the weakening process of purging or moving the bowels (as so-called blood purifiers do), but by giving direct strength and nourishment to the blood and nerves. Thus it is that they are able to cure so many different disorders, such as an ma or bloodlessness, rheumatism, sciatica, gout, heart disease, consumption and decline, chronic erysipelas,paralysis, locornotor ataxv,neural gis. St. Titus dance, and nervous headache. They are ob- tainable of all chennists,and from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holhorn-viaduct,London, at 23.9 La box. or six boxes for 13.9 J.; but are uentiine only with full acme, Dr. Williams Pink rills for Pale People. Pink pills sold loose or from glass jars are not o...Williams'.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN SI724DAY SCHOOL.

About 120 persons sat down to tee in Bold-street Wes- leyan schoolroom on Menday evening on the occasion of the annual tea and entertainment in connection with the Sunday school. Trays had been kindly given by : Mesdames Collin,Barlow, Potts, Triggs, Davey,J.Carter, Henshall, Holford. Nicholson, Weaver,Giandy, Miss Ben- son, Messrs. W. Silcuele, T. B. Carter, J. B. Isaac,Girime, Guest, Bodle, R. Bailey, and Hartley. On the removal of the cloth, the entertainment was proceeded with. The Rev. William Potts (sueerintendent minister) pre- sided,and he Was supported on the platform by the Rev. I. Gunnell. of Penketh. After singing, and prayer by Mr. S. B. Stringer, a song, entitled " The Gift " was given by Miss Perkins. Mr. JAMES LINGARD, the secretary of the school, then presented the committee's report for the past year. stated that the work of training the young was one of the most important branchee of Christian service, and demanded the earnest, intelligent efforts of those en- gaged in it. The teachers and officers of the school worked together with one common object in view, to train the young and rising generation in the way of truth ; for they know how important for good or evil were the early influesaces of a child's life. l'he number of scholars on the books Wall 309, with an average at- tendance of 106 in the morning and about 200 in the afternoon. During the year 60 of the scholars had atten- ded the required number of times to merit a prize, which would be distributed at the scholars' annual meeting. The number of teachers was 37,a1l being members of the church. (Hear, hear.) They had a library consisting of 410 volames ; this part of their work was under the managemeut of--Mr. Bodle. who would be assisted by Mr. Herbert Parkinson, to whom they gave a very hearty welcome amongst them, and hoped to retain his services for many years to come. During the year the juvenile missionary collectors had raised the splendid sum of £3O 17s. 41., for which they deserved all praise, especially when they, remembered that the greatest part of this sum had been collected in half-pence. To each collector, and to Mr. Jubb, the in- dustrial socretary,they gave their warmest thanks. They had a branch of the Wesley Guild, which tended to pro- mote the spiritual; mental, and social element amongst the young people. The meetings had been very profit- able and enjoyable, and it was to be hoped that all those who had not availed themselves of the special ad- vantages these meetings offered would attend and re- ceive some of the benefits derived therefrom. The com- mittee wished to thank all who had rendered any service whatever in the past—the teachers, superintendents, secretaries visitors, organists, and registrars. They regretted that ill-health had compelled Mr. Hartley to be absent from the school, but it was to be hoped that ore long he would be able to visit again the school in which he had so long and faithfully laboured.They wished every success to Mr. F. H. Ashton, who had been one of their teacher!, but who was about to undertake important duties in another circuit. It was with regret they om tted from the list of officers the names of Messrs. ' Wilson, Perkins. and Mellor. Mr. Wilson has left the town, and they hoped he would be useful to the church In the town in which he had gone to live, Mr. Perkins and Mr. Mellor, they expected, would continue in the school in some new capacity. The most conepicioue change in the staff of the school was ,the retirement of Mr. William Silcock, as the superintendent, after many years of service ; and the appointment of Mr. J.B. Isaac in connection with Mr. Nicholson, to take his place, Both the teachers and the committee wished to recognise the many and varied talents which Mr. Silcock has brought to the performance of his duties, the deep affection he had had for the school, and for the eminent service he had rendered to it in many ways. (Applaus...) They were glad to say that both his interest and service would be retained in connection with the school. Mr. Isaac re- turned to a position he had filled in bygone years with eminent success, and it was hoped that the school under his and Mr. Nichol Son's care would be greatly prosperei. They gave a very hearty welcome to Mr. Lunt, who after an absence of eight years, had so kindly consented to undertake again the o:fiee of school secretary. By united effort they would he able to impreve the condition of the school. If they all did their share of the work punctually, regularly, and earnestly, success would crown their efforts and they would have the :satisfaction of knowing that they had tried to carry out the Saviour's command, "Feed My lamb." (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN remarked that there was on the part of the church and congregation of 13 ald-street a warm affection for the Sunday Scheol,and its work during the ensuing year would be followed by them with very great interest. They all hoped that the year on which I they had now entered would be a very successful year in every department of Christian service, not only at Bold-street, tut in all the societies of the town, and cir- cuit. He thought they might look hopefully forward and pray that the school might he conducted not only pros- perously but in the sense that the highest aim they had in view—the conversion of the children—should be very abundantly blessed. (Applause.) The Rev. J. GUNNELL also delivered an interesting address in which he wished all present a bright and happy New Year. lie proceeded to refer to the pastoral letter which was in the current issue of their " Church Record," and asked for assistance in the conducting of the society classes not only in the town but in all parts of the circuit. Leaders were required in several places and he hoped that the appeal which had been made for volunteers would be responded to. Allusion was also, made to the approaching evangelistic mission of Mr. Nix of Ilondon,and he asked for their prayers and assistance in making the mission a great sutcess. An attractive and most enjoyable musical programme was afterwards given. Miss B Ale was encored for an effective rendering of "Tie Ole Umbrella ;" Mr. Arthur Griffiths received a similar compliment for his singing of " Come into the garden Maud ; and encores were also demanded from Miss Brough and Mr. W. H.Wallington A fine rendering of "The Heavenly Song," was given by Min Perkins. The instrumental items included clarionet solos by Mr. Hipkiss and Miss Winnie Pigot, Miss Bailey recited " Mary,Queen of Scots," and Miss Bodle "The Old Maid," both being given in a manner which greatly pleased the audience. Mrs. F. Pendlebury ful- filled the duties of accompanist.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
IVEST CHESHIRE NEEDLEWORK _GUILD.

A large parcel of useful and valuable clothing has just been received at the Padgate Vicarage from the West Cheshire iNreedlework Guild, and the gar- ments have been distributed to the deserving poor of the parish by the Vicar.

SAD DEATH OF A 'RUNCORN GIRL AT PANTASAPH CONVENT.

INQUEST AND VERDICT.

On Saturday Mr. F. Llewelyn Jones, deputy coroner of Flintshire, held an inquest at Sc. Cl ere' s Roman Catholic Convent, Pantasarh, near flolyweli, respecting the death of a girl named Mary Moran, twelve years of age. . _

-From the evidence given it appeared that the deceased girl and her three sisters were sent to the orphanage belonging to the convent by the Runcorn Board of Guardians about two years ago. When they arrived there they were all in a weak state of health, but had much improved latterly. On Thursday evening the deceased complained of feeling sick, and as put to bed, where she was found dead in the morning. Dr. Williams, of Holywell, who was called in, arrived just after death had taken place. He stated in evidence that the child was very well nourished. He had no knosledge of her previously, and therefore could not give any definite opinion as to the cause of death ; but he considered it to be from natural CAUSCS, probably heart failure. These children frequently Came to the orphanage with constitutions very much impaired. A juryman asked the elector whether he considered it necessary to have an inquest in a case like tnis. Dr. Williams said the death could not be recorded, so it was his duty to report it to the coroner. Besides, he thought it desirable that an irquEst should be held when a person died in an institution of this kind. The Coroner said it was to the public interest to have a full inquiry into a case of this kind, and it was like- wise to tne interest of those rasponsi .le for the conduct of the Institution. The jury at once returned a verdict of death from natural causes, and expressed their Sympathy with the reverend mother.—Dr. Williams, in replying on her behalf, said she felt grieved the New Year should open with death in the house.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
"FLAME."

The first of the series of four lectures for children on "Flame," was delivered in the Museum Lecture Room oa Tuesday afternoon by Mr. F. G. Ruddock, FIX. There was only a small attendance. At the outset the Lecturer said he pro- posed to show them experiments in one of the most interesting of phenomena, that of combustion, or burning. From the very earliest ages the earth, sea, sky, air, had attracted the attention of pnilosphers. and a great number of speculations had been started on the composition of these subjects, and the cause II of the great number of changes in them. Aristotle I maintained that all substances were composed of one substance and that this one substance existed in a vast variety of forms. He thought that the four elements were earth, fire, air and water. In the middle ages it was felt that these did not ex- plain anything like all the various things they could see going on and then the philosophers attri- buted all these changes to what were called three elements. One was salt, the other sulphur, and the other mercury,which were supposed to be the three elements of every known form of matter, and vari- ous methods of incorporating these three things produced all the vast substances we now knew. The first thing known about the air was that it had weight, and the lecturer demonstrated this fact by his first experiment. Ho then showed that it was absolutely necessary there should be air before any- thing could burn, and also that air once used in combustion could not be again used. Other simple experiments with oxygen and metals followed, all being explained in a lucid manner,though Mr. Had- dock found difficulty in bringing the language of science down to the understanding of the younger pdrtion of his audience. The lecture occupied an hour, and gave much interesting instruction in the rudimentary properties of "Flame.'

===== 0002601_18980107_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BETTER. KEEP TITE DOOR LOCKED.

There were half-a-dozen of 113—two Englishmen ad four Americans. It was in the month of July of last last year-1893. We had been touring in Scotland for several vi eekg, doing a little shooting aud fishing, and a deal of loafing. On the night I now h Iva in mind, the weather being warm f.r that region, we lay about on the grass near the mountain inn spinning yarns, mostly of alleged personal adventure in vaiious parts of the world.. Oao of the Britons had just finished a thrilling tale of a tiger hunt in India, whsa a sland-r Yankee, the most sedate of the party, slowly moved his pipe from hie mouth and 133 id

" My personal knowledge of tigers is wholy confined to what I have seen of thorn at men tgeries and cir- cuses. but we have in America soma unlicensed beastg sufficiently formidable to inspire a m itary int srest in an ordinary person who happens to meet up with them unexpectedly. About ten years ago my wife and I, with our baby, lived for a thn in Northern New York,on the edge of an extensive forest. It was a lonely I spot, the nearest house a mile away, and I tried to man- age my affairs so as to be at homi every night. One evoning,in summer,we had been sitting and talking tan til it had come to be,perhap3, ten o'clock, when we both heard a light tread in the room directly above. We were on the ground floor, and inasmuch as we supposed our- selves to be the only occupants of the premises, the sound overhead was interesting, to say the leasn, of it. Man or animal, the matter must be looked to, and there was nobody but ma to do it.. Seizing an old axe. handle, the only available vreapin, I lighted my barn lantern and cautiously ascended the stairs. There in the room at the top, with its great yellow eyes shining like these of our friend's tiger in the jungle, was the biggest and ugliest-looking wild cat I had ever seen. As I was starting to retreat he made a leap for me, passing over my shoulder, tearing my, skirt from my back, and with it a goodly strip of my skin and muscla. Then, seeing the outside door open he plunged down the stair- case and so out of the house ; and you will easily believe I was not long in locking the door behind him.

0 How did be get in ?" a ked the tiger hunter.

"He got in thrcrugh the door which I had carelessly left open as I entered the house two hours earlier," said the American ; "and since then I have been a perfeet crank ma lacking the house doers. When the Society for the Discouragement of Wild Cats and Burglasa 15 fully organised,' may reasonably expect to be President of it."

The writer was remindeJ of thiB little inlident by the

following statement. Alter raadmr; it you will no doubt; see why one supeatei the other. " When I was a by," rune the letter, " my family thought I was in a decline. I was weak and languid, and had a gnawing, sinking feeling at the pit of the stomach. My mouth tasted badly, and I was constantly vomiting thick phlegm and a bitter fluid. I bad a poor appetite, pains after eating and tightness at the chest and sides. A lso a dry. harking cough, night sweats, and all the symptoms of consuinotion I was so weak and emaciated that the least thing eshausted me. At

twenty, whilqt living at Boast m, near Nottingham, I

became so bad I thought I was going to die, and dune the place where I was to be buried. Then I took a turn for the batter, and got ahout again. In 1870 I had a severe attack of jaundice, and after it I was feartully weak. I had frequent attacks of giddiness, and used to fall down suddenly as in a fit. All my powers seemed to fail me. My voize left me, and I was so frail they had to prop me up with pillows. The' doctor said I would die in one of the attacks of giddiness. I took medicines and cod liver oil, but they did me no good; and in thiS state I remained for years. "In October, 1888, my son-in-law told me of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and I used it and soon found relief. My food digested,and I gained strength. After that I never looked behind me. I take an occasional dose when needed,and am able to do light work. For private rett. sons I can only sign my initials. Mrs. Martin,chensist, 593, Ashton Old Road. Higher Opmshaw, will vouch for my statement and answer inquiriel.—El.W." "I have known the writer of the aloTve for seventeen years, and have often hoard him speak of the benefit he derived from Mother Seigel's Syrup. I can vouch for the truth of his statement, and will answer inquiries. Owing to his official position h 3 is not at liberty GS allow the publication of his name. (Signed) Mrs. 31. Martin (J. L. Martin) dispensing chemist, 593, Ashton Old Road, Higher Openshaw. "The first steps towards consumption," says Dr. Har- yard Lindley, ot St. Louis, U.S.A., in a late article on the subject, "are indigestion, dyspepsia, malnutrition, and loss of weight," This was "s. W.'s " case, and he had a close escape from death by that dread disease. In other words, dyspepsia opens the door to the consump tion germs, as our American friend left his door open, inadvertently, to the wild beast from the forest. Learn the lesson and keep the door closed. Mother Seigel'S Syrup does it for you by preventing and curing dyspepsia.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY- TIME TABLE

NUAR . FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge--7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 10 40, 1 50, 235, 520, 54' 7 21. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Atcar and Hillhouse-7 12, 8 31, 114. a 3 19,a 4 0 490. a 7 9 Sundays 935, 25, 8 50. a Steps if required. Birmingham (L a 3 O. 53 25, 7 10,7 35, 950, 10 40, 120, 1 50, 2 35,3,20, 520, 7 20, 11 35. Sundays 3 0,10 15, 4 5 1135, aMondays excepted. b Mondays only. Birmingham (Midland)-6 6. 959, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50 . 6 55,11 52. Sundays 11 45. 425,515 p.m Blackburn -5 29, 5 45, 835, 955, 12 25, 2 25, 4 44, 6 14, 847 Sundays 843, 60. Blackpool-5 29, 545. 835, 956. 1142. 1225, 225 44 t 614, 1 17, 8 47, 940. Sundays 237,843.60. Bolton-5 45,8 25,1035.12 £4.1 15,3 33,4 21, 6 25,7 17 92, Sundays 8 43 a.m., 50. 10 40. p.m. Carlisle-7 47,9 55.11 40.12 25,2 25,3 48. Sundays 2 37, 3 35. Chester-7 42,8 17,9 5,10 23,12 7,12 25, 1 18, 1 40,1 52, 313 4 22,5 11,6 4. 7 42, 1014, 1132. Sundays 844 7 45,1 1 32. Collins Green-7 10. 8 10, 10 0. 12 7, 1 15, 335. 5 20, 620, ' 78, 9 25,1.0 30. 'Sundays 843' 60. Crewe-a3 0, 53 23, 7 10, 735, 828, 9 50, 10 45, 11 33.12 0, 150, 320, 523, 621,723, 1136. Sundays 30. 1015, 4 5 11 35. aMondays excepted. Mondays only. Daresbury-7 42, 9 5, 1225, 1 52. 3-13, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14 Sundays 8 44, a,m. 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 6, 950. 1155, 12 55, 320, 50, 11 53, Sundays 11 45 a.m., 425,5 15 p.m. Earlestoc n-5 45,7 10,8 25,8 35,10 0,10 20,10 40, 10 55, 127, 1225. 1 15, 3 35, 3 48, 55. 5 2J, 6 20. 78. 925. 950, 10 30 Sundays, 7 40,8 35, 8 43,a.m. 456,80, (47,954 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Peuketh -7 38, 8 25, 9 45, 11 53, 1 55, 3 20. 5 12, 6 17, 80, 943. Sundays 848,240. 750. Frodsham -7 42, 9 5, 1023. 1225. 152. 3 13. 4 22,5 11, 6 4, 7 44, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 pan: Clanton (Cheshire Lines)-? 12, 7 56. 831, 95.12 0. 16.. 215. 40. 523. 70. 80, c 0 30, 810 20. 11 39 Sun- days 90. 9 55, 11 25, 2 39. 7 )0, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. sSaturdays excepted. Glasgow-2 37, 5 29, 9 56, 11 40, 12 25, 2 25, a 48,, Sun- days 2 37, 5 29. a.m. Golborne-5 45,7 10,8 35, 10 55,12 23, 1 15, 3 43, 5 20, 7 17, 9 50. Sundays 843.60. liongn Green-7 12, 7 56,8 31, 9 5,a9 30,11 2,12 0, 1 5,2 15, 40. 60, 70, so, 59 30, alO 20, Sunday 90, 936 11 25, 2 39, 9 18. aSaturdays only bSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-? 0, 7 65, 52,7 s, 16. Sundays 8 56, 10 12. 3 25, 5 15. 935. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 20.7 22, 80,90, 9 58 10 49, 12 36, 1 14. a 222, 3 38.4 11.5 18, 613. 18, a 7 45, 9 13 Sundays 850, 3 S. 518. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. A N.-W.)-3 sa, s 32, 7 10, 8 10, 8 35, 12 7, 12 25, 1 15, 5 20, 78, 9 25, 10 30. Sundays 35, 4 50. 530, 8 35, 543, 328. 4 56, 60,9 A. From High Level Plat- form. aMondays excepted.

Liverpool (From 1:ow Level Platform.)-7 38, 825, 109, 11 53, 1 55. 320, 5 12, 80, 948. Sundays 848, 2 40, 7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 3J, 530, 7 12, 766, 8 31, 850, 95, 940, 950, 1024, 1050, 1150, 12 0, 12 50, 12 57, 16, 1 50, 2 10, 2 15,2 50,3 13,3 37, 3 50, 4 0, 450, 550, 6 18, 6 50, 7 0, 7 5C,8 0, 8 50,9 0, 911, 9 20,59 3J 10 15 10 46. clllO 11 39 Sundays 43,5 30, 90, 9 45.9 55, 1125. 2 20, 2 39, 7 10 83Q,9 18,0 18, 1033. csaturdays ouiy. a Except Mondays kacept Saturdays. Loudon (L.& N.-W.)--3 05, a 3 23, 7 10. 9 50, 10 40, 11 38, 1201 50,3 20,5 20,11 35. Sundays .60,10 15,45, 11.35 a Mon- days excepted. /Mondays only. London (Midland)-6 1, 8 46. 959. 1139, 1255, 3 20, 50, 1153 Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lymm-6 20, 7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 14, a 2 22, 3 38, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 73, a 7 45, 913. Sundays 850, 38, 618. aSaturdays only. Manchester (L. & N.-W.) a 2 50,53 10, 5345.5 45, 7 10,8 10 25, 835, 919, 10 40, 12 14, 1 15, 2 0. 3 30, 4 21, 5 20, 625 17, 8 g 92, 1030. Sundays 3 10. 4 55,7 40, 843 a.m.,5 0 7 47, 8 28. 6G. Fin Iligh Level Platform. aMondays only bMondays excepted. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-a6 20 7 20, 7 55, 8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 11, 3 35, 4 9, 6 16. 7 5, 9 10. 11 40. Sundays 846, 3 5. 8 15, 11 40. .From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshile Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 82, 8 55, 92, 8 88, 10 55, 1/. 3, 11. 55, 1255, 155 2 55. 3 55, 6 55,7 0,7 55, 8 18, 8 55, 9 15, 9 b 5, aIU 0, all 15, 11 50, 511 57, Sundays 8 56, 9 37, 10 12, 35, 325, 515, 718, 8 55, 9 25. ' 9 35, 10 0. aSaturdays only. sSaturdays excepted. Middlewich-7 35, 10 4±. 2 35, 5 40, 7 20. Moore-7 35.1040 1 50, 2 35,5 4,47 20. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-WillowB-2 boa,3 10c, a 4 45, 5 45,7 10, 8 10 8 35, 9 19,10 20,10 40,10 55,12 14,12 25,1 15.3 30,3 48,4 21,5 20,6 25 7 17,9 2,9 50, 1030. Sundays 3 10,7 40. 8 43, a,m„ 3 35, 50, 6 0.7 47,9 14. aMondays only, alondays excepted, Padzate-7 0, 755,8 2,8 40,10 27, 110,11 23,12 27,1 44,2 3 3 2870, 8 12. 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 12, 3 50, 515 9 35. Preston-2 37. 520, 545, 710, 835, 955, 1142, 12 25, 343, 444, 6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 9 40,a9 50. Sundays,2 37, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0 95;. aSaturdays only Ituncorn-7 38,8 25,9 45, 11 13, 155, 320, 5 12, 6 17, 8 0, Sankey (for I'enketh)-7 12, 7 56, 9 5, 105, 11 5, 120, 1 5, 2 15, 258 40, 5 29, 60, 70,80, a 9 30, 510 20, 1046. Sun- days 9 0,11 25. 2 39, 8 54,9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- ctaYs only. cMoudays only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line -8 55, 1055, 12 55, 1 55, 6 55. Sundays 937 am, 3 50, 5 15, St.Helens-5 32,7 10,8 10,8 35,10 0,10 55,12 7,12 25,115.3 35, 5 20, 6 20,7 8,2 25, 1030. Sundays 8 35, 8 43. 6 0.9 541 Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 IC, 8 31, a 9 30,11 12, 1 14, 319, 4 0,5 6, 60,7 9, 9 25. Sundays 9 36, 2 5,8 55, aSatur- days only. Thelwall-6 20,7 22,8 0, 9 0,9 58,10 49,12 36,1 14,a2 22,3 38, 4 11,5 18, 613. 7 8,a7 45, 9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 3 8, 818. a Sat- urdays only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-755, 95, 105, 11 0, 120, 1 5, 210,258, 40, 5 2,9, 60,70. 80, 9 15, a 9 30, 510 20. Sun- days 909 9 369 2 39,9 18 aSaturday excepted. bSaturdays °Qty. Widnes (L. andN.-W-) -7 33, 825, 9 45, 109, 11 53, 1 55, 320, 5 12,6 17, 80, 948. Sundays, 848, 2 40,7 50. Wigan-2 37, 5 29, 5 45, 7 10,3 35, 9 56, 10 55,11 40, 12 25, 115 225,348, 444, 520. 614, 717, 847, 9 50. Sundays 2 37, 8 43, 3 35. 6 0, 9 fin.

TO WARBINOTON FICOM Acton Bridge-6 36, 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 37, 4 40, 644, 829 Sundays 7 53, 4 32. Altear and Hillhouse-1 18, 7 18, 824, 954. Sundays 20, 2 31, 8 22. 2inningham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 550, 720, 95, 11 35, 2 5 3 40. 5 50,1 25,11 42. Sundays 310,12 45,7 10, 11 42. Birrninghln, (Midland)-6 5, 742, 8 50, 11 43, 1 25, 2 55, CI 40 6 45. 810 30,11 19. Sundays 4 15, a.m., 4 0, 1119. 51x- Pt Mondays. I3lackburn-8 30, 10 43. 155, 50, 6 35, 750, Sundays 8 0, 1 47, 5 40, 8 10. Blackpool (Talbot licad)-7 7, 8 3,8 45. 9 55, 1035, 11 40, 1 20. 2 23.3 15,4 27,5 20,7 0, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 35, 5 15, 7 30. Blacknool (Central)-6 5, 725, 7 55, 825, 8 55, 9 55. 1020, 125,1 5.2 5,2 55, 4 10,5 6, 8 15,1010 Sundays? 10,1 15,4 55. 8 40. Bolton-5 45,8 0,8 40,9 40,10 35.11 15,12 15.2 20, 415,5 10. 65, 830,10 50. Sundays 820 a.m., 6 10, 9 30 p.m.aSatur- days only. Carlisle-12 5, 6 40, 8 40, 12 50, 1 40, 4 22, 5 44, 841 Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 4 30, 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Cheater-2 32a, 7 25, 845, 940, 1012,11 5,11 40, 1 25, 210 30, 345,50. 55.635.735,85, 835. Sundays 232, 4 15, 6 30, 22) a,m 655, 747. 80.. p.m. aMondays excepted. Collins Green-6 39.7 15,8 42.10 9, 1 1 28.12 33,1 4,1 43, 2 5 3 5,4 6. 5 38. 6 23,7 47, 9 16. 10 46. Sundays a 10, a.m., 7 15. rewe-2 1, 455, 6 0,6 30, 8 13.9 20. 11 5, 11 10, 1 50, 2 35. 40, 840, 65, 85, 90. Sundays 21, 455, 710, 2 40, 4 0 920. • Daresbury -8 16, 1017. 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 42. Sundays 721, a.m. 7 38 p.m. Deby-8 15, 1020, 110, 35. 4 0 445, 7 5, 83, a 1235 335. Sundays 3 33, 7 30,6 18, 6 50, .5 :3. allxcpt Mondays. larlestowa-6 58, 720, 846, 932, 1013, 1026, 11 31, 12 46, 1 38,1 47,2 13,3 14,5 15,5 42,5 53,6 33,7 33 8 8 9 20,a12 o.Sun- days 8 34, 9 52, 9 57,10 3, 3 45, 7 24. aSaturdays only. Slddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95,9 43, 12 24, 2 12, 327, 17,6 2. 6 54, 8 59. Sundays 8 22. 257. 51. Prodshana-7 55, 93, 102, 1127, 232,47, 827,653.627 8 uudays 6 59.a.m. 7 18 p.m. Oarston(Cheshire Lines)-5 39, 732,8 10, 90.9 50, 1048. 12 5. 12 56. 2 13. 35, 4 20. 4 56, 59, 5 56, 6 57, 9.3 11 Al. Sundays 823, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 54. Glasgow-a 9 5, 100. 20, 555, 95. Sundays 850. 95. agondays excepted. tBolborne-6 44, 826. 10 12, 1228,2 41, 441,5 35,7 15, 99, 7. Sundays 940, 75. °ugh Green-6 407 45, 8 15, 99,103, 10 55, 1 9,1 50, 224, 19,. 10 5 23, 67, 7 11, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, " 01.4 55,9 4 9 10. Irlarn and Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 53, 55, 8 52, 11 20 °lli:lays 10 59. 6 53, 8 43, 10 0. Latchford-8 13. 8 40. 934 10 2. 1117, 120. al 45. 213 30, 4 22, 5541. 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942, 1127. Sundays 823 2 33. 7 25. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)-1 oa2 85, 60,8 0. 9 20. 11 50 15. 1 30, 3 23, 430 5 35.7 5, 8 35,10 5,11 15,. Sundays 10, 7 30.9 20, 6 30,8 40. (Mondays only. Pia Widnes-6 25,8 20, 95, 9 55, 12 30, 125. 2 40, 3 35, 420 5 20. 6s, 815, 1045. Sundays 735.2 10. 7 20, 1045. Liverpool (Central)-5 36, 6 10, 7 10, 740, 8 20, 8 30, 1 30. 9 35,9 38, 10 50 1130, 11 35, 1155, 12 30,12 35, 3 1 50, 20, 255,3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 50, 5 30, 5 36, Sundays 8 3°. 80, 2 30. 8 40, 9 30, alo 45. 11 0, 11 30. 0. 9 days only. 0, 2 30, 9 55,4 20,6 30,8 30,833,9 35. aSatur- London (L. 15, 7 15,10 10,1210,2 10,4 10, 5 30, 10 u, 126. Sundays 100 a.m.. 445, 100, 120. London (Midland)-5 15, 105, 12 10. 20. 40,50, a 9 15 12 0. Sundays 9 15,12 0, 3 15. aexcept Mendays Lyrnm-8 5 832, 9 25,954,11 9,1 11,21 37,1 53, 2 5, 250 414 85 33.5 SS, 641,741, 9 33, 1119. Sundays 8 18, 226. lb. 4 Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-6 0,7 45,8 5,9 0,9 40,11 0, 11 23, 12 40,1 5,2 32,3 0.3 45,4 25,515, 7 5, 9 20,10 40,11 01. Sundays 8 0, 830, 9 0, 9 50, a.m.6 0,10 40. From Exchange.aSaturdays onl v. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750, 925 1035. 1235. Sc, 20. 340, b 5 5. 520, 6 5. 7 5. 8 55, 1045. Sundays 130, 1 40, 6 30. bSaturdays excepted. a Saturdays only. Manchester (Cheshire Linee)-6 43, 1 20. 8 30. a 9 5' 35 4..9 30, 10 35.11 30, 1230. 12 45, 130, 230,339,430 530 6 30. 7 30, 8 33, 55, alo 50. 11 0. Sundays, 830 on u. 9 25,9 30, 1040, 1 40, 2 02 5, 6 35,8 30, aSaturliy ly. • Mlddlewieh-6 43, 11 37, 2 42, 61. Moore-7 0, 96, 11 57, 3 20. 4 55, 657. Sundays 8 15,448. N,,vw ton-le-Willows-6 55. 7 30.-8 42, 9 11, 929. 109. 10 22, ' 1 22, 11 52 1242.1 0,1135,3 0.4 7,4 53,5 10,5 35.5 49,627.7 30 8 15, 9 55, 11 8, all 47, Sundays 8 30,9 49, 10 0, a.m, 340 .N.l 5, a r.aturdays only, Padgato-7 51. 8 26,9 0, 106 19, 210 2 12, 5 18, 73, 9 20 outlays, 8 53, 11 20, 2 38, 9 12. 10 13. k'.reston -12 11, 5 50. a 6 25. 95. [9 26, 10 161120, 12 15,2 46. ?5. 6 40, 8 10,9 45, 10 47. Sundays E 11. 3 35. 30, 11:;21:3. M )ad,sys excepted. . -6 Si 930 1' 9 1) 15, 12 23, 130 "2 56, 4 40, 5 41. • a ,753, !:aii!", Oar Perikethi -6 51, 86,8 41, 925, 1019. 11 24. 0,2 40, 344 435 521 540 6 227 26 934. Sun- days 8 4U. 3 43,8 7, 9 23. 4 50, 7 0. Sundrt " ' ' 'ohetll-31d (Midland) via Cbinley and Dore Line-11 0, 150 t ys 815 a.m. 65 p.m. 110. 1 30,1 55445' tit. Helens -8 257 0, 8 0, 828. 9 13, 955. 1030. 11 15, 12 5 ~ 5 75), 9 35, a.m., 6 25, 6 10,7 0. 90, 10 302.11 20. Sundays 55 5. *Satnrciays only. Southport (Lord Street) 8 10. 855 1020, 1125. 12 58. 1 01 2 15,2 50, 335, ( 0 8 5, co 0, 9 35. laturdays only. 'Sundays, 9 0, 2 10, 80, Thelwsll 59, 836, 9 30. 958, 11 1, 115, al 41, 29, 2 55, 18, b 5 37, 63, 6 45, 745, 9 37, 1 23. Sundays 8 19, 19. °Saturdays only, bSaturd aye excepted. W id-les (L. & N.-W .)-7 6,814 856. 9 33,10 33,12 16,12 9, 0,5 0,Sunday. 5 55,6 46,8 50,11 16. 8 14,2 50,7 11 6. Wldues (Cheshire Lines)- 833 9 15,10 9,11 12, 1225,1 25 0, 3 i. 5. 4 25, 5 29, 6 12, 7 16,7 55,g 25. all 42 Sunday? . 3 33, 5 0. 97, 9 20. aOn Saturdays only. •t-2 41, 35, 6 33, 8 15, 9 31, 952, 10 0, 1123, 12 4 sit.), 1 al, 3 45. 7 5, 90, 1)33, nadays 2 41, 9 3 ,a, „

RECIEIVING HOUSE— *Earlestown

WEEK-DAYS. 10-15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m.

BUB-OFFICES *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton Stubshaw Cross Winwick "Wargrave

9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p 91 5 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. amd 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 p.m. 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. 'These are Telegraph Offices also 10 a.m.. 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m.

WALL BoxEs— Crow Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Statioa (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st., Golborne Legh Street, „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mart's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m.

... 7 p.M. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

Parcels are despatched town at 9 a.m. and 6 tlnste as letters.

I Extra lid. Stamp

from the Receiving Office p.m.; from all Sub-011ices at

I To f Callers.

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10.45 „ 1-11-30 „ }ll-4b

1. 12-0

:2-15 p.m.

2-15 1 3-15.,

10-35 a.m,

2-20 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. J-55 a.m 10-30 a.m

Nil. Nil, Nil. Nil. Nil.

Nil. 10-15 a.m. Nll.

at Rattail the same

By Postmen. 7-0 a.m.

11-30 a.m

f It 3-15 m.

5-30 pm.

6-45 a.m. I }7-0 a.m Next day

===== 0002601_18980107_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
AFOLTRE,BLOODUS,ttIE, CLAR -.ES ; ORLIGWFAMEO. IBLOOUNIIXTURE,

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

'We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to dght,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising, For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its eßects are marvellous. It is tho only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9.1. and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DNUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitation

===== 0002601_18980107_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER FRIDA Y. JANUARY 7, 1808.

WARRINGTON UNION ASSESSMENT COMMIITTEE.

A meeting of this committee was held in the Board- room at the Workhouse on Friday. Mr. G. rifling pre- sided, and there were also present :—Messrs. William Houghton, J.P., A. J. Jolley, J. Bißinge, S. Davies, A. Jolley,with Mr. J. C. Sutton (clerk), Mr. Owen (valuer), and Mr. Tuustall (assistant overseer).

===== 0002601_18980107_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIAL PROBLEMS.

A ItA.TEPAYERS' QUESTION. By JOSEPH RYDER, General Secretary of the Land Nationalisation Society.

ARTICLE XI.

Among the very few kinds of income which are fit subjects for peculiar taxation, ground rents bold the principal place, being the most gigantic example extant of enormous acces- sions of riches acquired rapidly, and in many cases unex- pectedly, by a few families, from the mere accident of their possessing certain tracts or lend, without their hiving them- sis.ves aided in the acquisition by the smallest exertion, out- lay, or risk.

701 IN STUART MILL (" Political Economy.")

Nothing can be more reasonable than that a fund (ground rents) which owes its existence to the good government of the State should be taxed peculiarly, or should contribute something more than the greater part of other funds towards the support of that government. A/Jilt SMITE( (" Wealth of Natioas.'') I would now invite serious attention to a consideration of one of the principal reasons why Radical reformers on local Councils or Corporations, on School Boards and on Boards of. Guardians, have to encounter such dgeecsidoefd tohpe- spuOpSiptoirt. f t Is there aerpsrowphoesrael tthey a raise etubl de ratherw a receive workmen employed by the Council to a fair " living wage "in order that the public body may become a model employer ? Or is it proposed that the hours of the men should be reduced so as to afford them that amount of leisure which every man has a right to enjoy? Then will arise a loud chorus of dissent and disapproba- tion. Not alone, mark you from those who are commonly interested in keeping the labourers down, but from many whose sympathies are naturally for rather than against them. 'These do not object to the principle of the pro- posals which they help to defeat, so much as to the ex- pense which would be involved thLreby. When any, scheme for the improvement of the town is put forward whether it be for more thorough drainage Cr for street' widening, or for the clearance of slums, or for the adoption of the Libraries Act, it is certain to be vigour- ously assailed, and for a long time set back. Because of the expense. And as with a Town Council, so with a School Board. There are many whose hatred of School Boards, and of what they will lead to, has never yet been overcome ; men who hate popular educ ition for its own sake ; men who think that a working man's child is unatted for "that state of life into which it has pleased God to call him " if he can do much more than write his own name. But educational reformers are met with the powerful opposition of those who are quite ready to admit the right of the poor man's child to the best education which his couutry can give and which be can receive. Their ground of objection is simply the increasing cost entailed by the development of School Boards.

OPPOSITION TO REFORM.

Many men get elected to positions on School Boards for the single purpose of keeping down the education 1 rate. Mr. Diggle, late leader of the so-called ecmotnists on the London Board, once divided the Board five times upon the proposal to purchase a five-guinea sewing machine. And for nine years it was the guiding prin- ciple of that Board to keep the rate down to the smallest amount possible, no matter whether the cause of educa- tion suffered or not. Throughout the country the chil- -1 dren of the poor are handicapped and the cause of educa- tion is crippled by those who are guided by so-called economy. The school classes are too large, the teachers are not numerous enough, the school age is narrowly re- stricted, and school buildings are not kept up to modern requirements. This, of course. is not true economy. It is a penny-wise pound-foolish policy. For there is no more profitable 113 vestment that the money which is spent on national education. If England is to retain her hold on the world's trade, if she is to compete on equal terms with a country like Germany, then she must bring her Who, theirmoreover, outcry educational system up to the level which that country has attained. Yet the Radical reformers who advocate a liberal educational policy are hampered and opposed ttr aevneareyt oturn y by r e theaen e r"a ll economists," loudest in against foreign cempetition,

HIIMANISITIVIN OF THE POOR-Law. Similarly with Boards of Guardians. The humanisa- tion of the Poor-Law system is one of the most urgently needed modern reforms. But the so-called Guardians of the poor are, perhaps in most cases, guardians of the poor-rates first, and guardians of the poor second. An untold misery to thousands is the consequence. Read the reports of those who have gone to the Boards of Guardians full of human sympathy, with a consuming desire to soften the hard lot of those who seek as sup- plicants for the shelter of the " Poor-Law Bastilles." See how the ratepayer is put first and the pauper is put second on ninety-nine Boards out of every hundred. And see how throughout the feeling thus predominates which is expressed in that oft-quoted couplet— Rattle his bones over the s'ones. He's only a pauper whom nobody owns. Do we ask for a national system of old-age pensions, or pensions for the sick and afflicted who cannot support themselves? So that every man and woman may look forward to the future without fear and trembling, knowing that there is a provision made for them to rest from their labours and enjoy the sunset and the evening of life in the liberty of their own homes,and surrounded by their friends ? So that the blind and the crippled may not stand in misery as beggars at the street corners? And so that the widow and the fatherless whose bread- winner has departed may have the friendly band of the Commonwealth held out to thern,takiog,to some extent, the place or the Joe who has gone, and shielding theta from the hard buffotings of an unkind world?

WHERE TO FIND TEE MONEY.

" All very good in theory," says the practical econo- mist," but where is the money coming from to do it with ? " Now, this is a perfectly natural and reasonable question to ask, and Radicals must seriously consider bow it has to e answered. It is not enough to show that such-and-such an improvement is desirable. We must go a star. further, and show that its coat can be met without adding to the heavy burden which the rate- payers at present bear. If we can do this, and it Cer- tainly can be done, then an immense amount of opposi- tion will be overcome, and long-delayed reforms will be hastened. Mr. Macnamara, editor of "The School- master," and tjan educational expert with • national eputation, placed on his programme when fighting at the London School Board election "that the increasing cost of education should be met by tapping a new source ,of public income—viz., land values." And he on both occasions polled the highest number of votes. Re also will popular support be surely forthcoming for any democratic candidates who will be reformers in raising revenue as well as reformers in spending it. As the population increases, and as public intelligence grows, corresponding demands are made upon the public exchequer, and both the Imperial and the local budgets swell in Volume and increase by leap' and bounds. But side by side with the growth in public ex- penditure there arises a public fund:whizh is adequate to Meet it—viz., the rent of the land. That fund is now the private possession of inclividu ale. It is almost en- tirely exempt from taxation. It contributes scarcely anything to public expenditere, and yet without that expenditure it would be non-existent. Under a just and system it would be the chief, if not the sole source of public revenue. Rates and taxes upon industry might then be gradually renuced,and perhaps ultimately extinguished. And the removal of all fiscal burdens from industry would give such an impetus to trade and commerce as they have never yet received.

Ns-yr_ SOURCE CE' REVENUE':

Therefore the settlement of the lanci-4-uestion means, among other things, the employment of land values for public purposes, and as such it is a question which every ratepayer should carefully Study. It means also the finding of a way to tone down and disarm much of the present opposition which Radicals have to encounter, however good their propositions may be. For in huge measure the Tory reaction is a revolt of the ratepayers. many of whom, such as seriall shopkeepers, have a hard struggle for existence already, and dread a forward home policy which would azld to their present burden, whatever the ultimate benefit may be. No one supposes that the whole of the rent of the land should or could immediately be appropriated. The problem is not so simple as this. But two things are immediately prac- tical—viz.,the fair rating of land values, and the appro priation of the unearned increment.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

HOLY TRINITY CHURCH.

A choir festival was held at Holy Trinity Church on Sunday, and consisted of instrumental and vocal solos, carols, sacred songs, kc., by members of the choir and friends. Mr. Percy Randall presided at the organ, and opened the service with a voluntary, " Songs without words" (Mendelssohn), after which the choir sang " All people that on earth do dwell." Mr. J. Seed followed with a good rendering of " Tho Heavenly Song," and then the choir gave " Silent Night." Master Fred Ran- dall contributed a violin solo, " I know that my Re- deemer liveth." MiB.3 M. Taylor sang " The Better Land," and the choir gave an excellent rendering of the anthem " Behold how good and joyful." Mr. Lewis sang the solo, and Masters Hunt and Mathew the duet. " Dream of Paradise" was sung by Mr. W. H. Harrison, with a violin and 'cello accompaniment by Master Ran- dall and Mr. H. Balmford. A fine interpretation of " Oace in Bethlehem of Judah" was given by the choir, Mr. Booth being responsible for the solo. A short ad dress was giCren by the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, CAIRO-STREE U CHAPEL.

The Rev. W. ii. Drummond delivered a New Year's address to young people in Cairo-et. Chapel on Sunday evening. There was a good congregation, and the ser- vice was a very hearty one throughout. The rev.gentle- man took for his text the words "And the light was the life of IMITI"—St JONI i, part of fourth verse. Some ex- cellent advice was given to the congregation, and the selfish life was contrasted with the unselfish and noble life of the Christian. He expressed the hope that they might go forward in the new year with one hope and one purpose, feeling the wonder of the world and the gladness ef religion and the infinite helpfulness of °briar.. And whatever the year might Oring or might take away might God in His:mercy increase and multiply in them and by all means that life which wag the light of men.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE. ASSESSMIIENT OF BISHOP'S WHARF.

The CLEUIt stated that he had received a letter from the Bishop's Wharf and Shipping Company stating that they had not yet settled with the Corporation and asked for a further adjournment of their appeal.

Elliman's Elliman's Elliman's Elliman's Elliman's Elliman's Elliman's

"The only Genuine RUB ON in the Market." J. D. CAIN, Captain and Trainer, Brooklyn Athletio Club U.S.A., July Ist, 1897,

IrToRIAL ‘eel The Pictorial tutor being published at Nett Price, it cannot be obtained of .1) any,b3ok or musieseller under 5s ANOFORTE Descriptive Prospectus sent Post Free on application to " Magazine of Music Offlee, 20. Ludgate Hill, Loncon. E.C.' TuToR est took-j-erTe The Piai.of markable i.is re- NET 5/ NET FREE 250 PAGES (Full Mud i Size) Contains yo Illustrations and over :so Songs Dances, Carols, Anthems r.nd Hymn Tunes,

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE C)-(EST W,-)-\- . ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as F COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, -I'4 -17 ",.• and Pre find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or Haiti mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, A as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Mserver.

FREE FROM MERCURY.,

g •

U

`

===== 0002601_18980107_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
DEPRECIATION OF TITHES.

Messrs. BLICKTON and GREENALL apbealed against the assessment ot the tithes rent charge of the Rector of Warrington whos3 present assessment was Warrington £205, Winwick £66 10 i.,Burtonwood £2B3,Rixton £177. Poulton £55, Woolston £4B, and Great Sankey £43. The Clerk stated that he had investigated the matter in company with Mr. Srnith,clerk for :Mr. Buckton, and he ' had cern° to the conclusion that there had been a fall hi value of the ithes to the extent of 5 per cent. A reduc- tion of 5 per cent in the assessmert would be an equit- able arrangement. No difficulty arose with reference to the country townships,but with reference to Warrington the question was whether theassessment represented the tithe value.—The Assistant Overseer said the assessment of the tithes was apportioned a few years ago, and was correct as it now stood.—Mr. Billings : When was the last revision ?—Mr. Smith : Ia 1892.—1 t was de- cided to make a S pQr cent, reduction on the assessment of the tithes in all the districts. VALIJER'S REPORT. Mr. Orma in his report stated that since the last meet- ing he had made the following valuations and inspec- tions in accordance with instructions :—ln the Town- ship of Warrington, Messrs. John Buckley, and Co., Limited, Church-street, Warrington : ne w brick stabling has been erected in place of stabling which has been taken down, the new stabling being a little larger. For stables, sheds and yard behind 94 and 96 Church-street, the assessment should be gross, £32, rateable £27; Mr. Samuel Claff, Sankey-street, Warrington,Messrs. Connor and Bellian, Sankey-street : additional buildings have been erected at the back of these premises and a re- arrangement of occupation between Mr. Samuel Claff and Messrs. Connor and Bellian has taken place. Tha assessment should now stand for the new occupations as follows : Messrs. Connor and Bellian,gross £so,rateable £42 ; Mr. Samuel Claff, portion of premises occupied by Messrs. Connor and Bellian u non which Mr. Claff will pay rates, gross £35, rateable £3O ; Mr. Samuel Claff,for occupation of cellar, stable and first fluor, gross £4O, rateable £34 ; Mr. William Bolton, orchid housrs and ground Wilderspoal, gross £35, rateable £29 In the Township of Latchford :—Mr. Thomas Williams, house, stables, shed and yard, St James'-st.,Latchford, gross £45, rateaule £3B ; Mr. Thomas Williams, lockup shop, occupied be Mr. Thomas Bradbury, temporary assessment, gross £s,rateabie £4 lOs ; Warrington Foot- ball Club—ln this case I find no new sheds have been erected since the valuation I made on the 26:h of Jan., 1897, of which yen approved. Gross £BO, rateable £64; In the township of Winwick :—Lancashire County Coun- cil, Winwick Asylum's Board, Winwick Park—ln conse- quence of 1 acrea ef the Winwick Park having been 1 railway sidings, therm will be a assessed witn the new reduction as hereunder :-75 acres, 1 rood, 25 perches, gross £B9, rateable £B2 103, deduct 11 acres, gross £2, rateable £1 103, total gross £B7, rateable £Bl ; In the Township of Penketh :—The Penketh Tanning Co. ,Ltd. He (Mr. Owen had had the new buildings surveyed and planned, and had visited tha tannery for the purpose of completing the valuation for assessment but he found that the buildings were not yet complete, being short of engines, machinery, light, and general fittings, and the occupation was so alight that he had thought it better to leave it over until about February, when from what he saw he considered the buildings would be sufficiently complete to put forward his valuation.--The report was adopted. COMPLIMENTS OF TILE SPASM?. The Chairman wished the nwtrabers " A happy and prosperous New Year."—Mc.A. Jolley : Tttank you, Mr. Chairman. The committee then rose.

engineers. of Stourbridge, ba Myees rs. concededJonesthaendeigAitlttw huouuur salay system to their workmen. The arrangement carne into force on lon- day, s and the men will work 48 hours weekly for same wages as paid previously for 54 hours' work.

II)VE YOU A BAD LEG

_ NyITH wounds that discharge or otherwise, perhaps surrounded with infiammationand swollen, that when you press your duger on the inflamed part it leaves the im- pression P If so, under the skin you have poison that &ides all the remeoles you have tried, which. if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated ; the sense with the ankles, round which tits skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds, the disease if allowed to continue will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various you ad had medical advice, and been told your case is hopeless, or advised to submit to am- putation; bat do not, for I oast CURE you. I don't say perhaps ; but I wtt.L. Because Others have failed is no reason for not now being cured. Send at once a Postal Order foe 2s. 6d. to C. W. Al..l3lliitT. 73, F.sammiatiots-sTaEstr LONDON, and you will receive a boa ,U

GRASSIIOIT&It OINTMENT AND PILLS, which Is a, certAirt reraida for the curs of Bal Legs, House maids' Knee, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuneles, Poisoned Hands Bunions.

(Registered Copy' ight.)

,t '

===== 0002601_18980107_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
wp 1113 It UT! kir7R Or .4r 1? X Lid TA B

THE GRE AT RE MEDY.

FOR GOUT RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA-

LUMBAGO

The Excruciating Painis quickly relieved. Sure, Safe, and effectual. All Chemistsand Stores, 13.1;d and 2s. 9d,per 130

===== 0002601_18980107_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;M,

racam„

t).

===== 0002601_18980107_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
a7119S

CONSTIPATION.

WEAK STOMACH,

:PAIRED DIGESTION.

DISORDERED LIVER,

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILIOUS

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLS.

For BILE, LIVER. ACIDITY. INDIGESTION, &c.

*deed Ito donf &hie 4

Vu doyourd.'

,/ , ' ''• . 13 A 6I I , / 4 .4.,.." • 00 1... ; • ' e , t , , 1 104 te‘ •pg, ' • \ 4.,' 4 "tk. ' ." - V / / '.l-41r

===== 0002601_18980107_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
D R. WEIR'

Portous PLASTER

Docable Size. 3Dolable St3reasatkt.

INSTANTLY RELIEVES pA,En.

All Chemists. Wholesale Depot: 104, Golden Lane. E.G

===== 0002601_18980107_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
DEAKIN'S

. , .., . I,±. ;. - . . ~ I . , ~ , .. ''''.....IIIIALADE . • . • ~.. .. • . , , . .. ~ e . . . .

Pleasing Everybody,

IiOLL 0 WAY

PILLS AND OINTMENT

Will Cure

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, MFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, MRS

THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, cte. The Ointruent is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISE: SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &o.

lldannegtOtnred only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDOK

caz • • to ar d ho Lt mad o with a Z Symington' s Edinburgh Coffee 6,0 Essence. Sold in s .mall and large 3 4„e bottles by Grocers everywhere. 2 • fop*, 0^2004.000.006..00044X, V.^-40

===== 0002601_18980107_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, , 1 ,

I

===== 0002601_18980107_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIAN.

A meeting of this Board was held in the Board- Room at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning.: Mr. G. Pilling presi4ed, and there were present : Mrs. Clay, Revs. T. R. Matthews, J. k. Riddette, Messrs. J. W. Knowles, R. T. Lowe, W. Thompson, A. J. Jolley, A. Jolley, Dr. Patterson, William Houghton, J.P , T. Halton, J. Ball, S. Davies,William Hickman, T. B. Malkin. J. Warburton, J. Johnson, vith Mr. J. C. Sutton ( clerk), Mr. S. Sutton (deputy clerk),Mr. C. H.Ward (workhouse master), and Mr. A. Wright (superintendent Padgate Schools.) THE CARE OF INFANTS.

Mr. ISIALKIN in referring to the recent order of the Local Government Board with reference to persons re- ceiving infants for hire or reward, contended that it was ungenerous on the part of the Guardians to appoint tilt reeving officers to look after the children without soars little remuneration for their services being given them. If in order he should like to propose that they receive two guineas at the end of the year for the work which had been imposed upon them.— The Clerk said that the relieving officers were brat acquainted with the class of people in ques- tion. It would be out of order to make any appointment at present. The Board might take it for granted that there were no more cases at all so far as they knew in the union. They were simply taking the precaution of the officers being on the alert to find out whether such cases existed. If it was found that they did exist the Board must proceed to the appointment of an in- spector.—Mr. Hickman said the resolution which was passed provided that the relieving officers should receive extrarremuneration if it was found that the Act increased their duties.—The Clerk r If you find that the Act causes more work, you cou'd consider the queotion of - extra remuneration.—Mr. Malkin; You do rind a man something to do if you put him on the alert.—The Clerk suggested that the board should occasionally make a re- vision of the duties of the officers in order to see if any increase in the work had taken place.—The subject then dropped. CHRISTMAS AT THE WORKHOUSE. -

===== 0002601_18980107_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
The MASTER (Mr. Ward) presented a report of how Cl-ristmas was spent at the Workhouse. He stated that the behaviour of the inmates was very good, and every- thing passed cif quietly and satisfactorily. He wished to thank all the friends who contributed gifts, or who graced the proceedings with their presence. THE REV. J. 11. RIDDETTE AND THE INIII CHRISTMAS BEER. Mr. A. J. Jot.city called attention to the action of the magistrates in sending a man to the workhouse for 14 days under an order of detention. The man had been drinking heavily, and while at the Police Station did some damage in the cells. For a good many months the Board bad incurred additional expense purely through cases of this kind. They had three extra assistants con- stantly engaged in the house through such cases, and it seemed to him and to the members of the HOU43 Com- roittee that when they did ;et a chance the people who had caused expense to the ratepayers should be com- pelled to pay something more than the ordinary sum. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Knowles : Something for attendance.—Mr. A. J. Jolley : The charge should be at the rate of 103. per week instead of 53.--The Rev, J. H. Riddette Did the man receive his portion of ale at the Christmas dinner at the Workhouse ? I should like to know whether he did. Here is Mr. Jolley always strong on the point of getting compensation from inmates who come here through al- cohol,and yet at Christmas we always at the ratepayers - expense give beer. It is a very inconsistent position. The man may not have been in at Christmas.—The Chairman : The Master is not sure whether the man had ale or coffee. He fancies it was coffee. (Laughter)—The Rev. J. H. Riddette : I don't want to rob the poor man or the pauper of his beer if it is supplied voluntarily, but I shall certainly oppose the appropriation of putlic money for the pur- pose if lam here another year.—Mr. Halton : Perhaps our worthy friend will make the inmates a present of hiblf a barrel of beer. instead of the cost tailing on the ratepayers. (Laughter)—The Rev. J. H. Riddette ; I leave that in you. You will know the quality better. (Laughter) The subject then dropped. GIFTS TO THE CHILDREN AT PADGATE. The SUPERINTENDENT of Padgate Schools acknow- ledged the gift of a box of oranges,a barrel of apples,and a quantity of bon-bons from Dr. Peacock; one box of Oranges, nuts and sweets from Mr. J. W. Knowles. A CONCERT FOR THE WORKHOUSE INMATES. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY announced that Mr. George Thomp- son ha 3 kindly offered to give anoth.r concert for the pleasure of the inmates. The Board were very much .-idebted to him. (Hear, hear.) The date had not yet been fixed. THE EXTENSIONS AT PADGATE.

A communication was read from the Local Governs ment ..C.knewle(l.-s'i-iii the reteipt of the d.e,ries let:terS With referenee to the alterations an 3 Sclditions to the hospital at Padgate schools, and consenting to the additional expenditure of £BO Bs. in addition to the £l5O previously granted by the Board.—lt was decided to give instructions to Mr. Owen (the architect) for the work to be proceeded with. THE UNION'S CLAIMS ON THE COUNTY COUNCIL. A letter was read from the County Auditor with reference to the claims of the Union on the County Council, and agreeing to pay the following sums; registration £2B 145.; Union:officers, £2,390: contribu- tion towards the cost of pauper lunatics,£l,334 14s. THE TRANSFER OF PARISHES TO THE RUNCORN UNION. The Ci.nalt reported that he attended at the office of the Clerk to the Runcorn Union for the purpose of ad- justing the claims between the two unions in respect of the areas transferred from the Warrington to the Run- , corn Union in 1896. He agreed to the payment of , £lOl 7s. 10d. by the Runcorn Union, and this would determine all financial matters between the unions from that date. He considered it a very satisfactory arrange- ment. Mr. William Houghton : I see that the rates are Increasing in the Rucnorn Union since the separation. The Chairman I know they have done so in my case. THE STRICTURES ON THE ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE. The Rev. J. H. RIDDETTE asked whether any minutes of the Assessment Committee were ever read before the Board. Some strictures had appeared in the local press on that committee, and no opportunity had been given at the Board meetings for the committee to make any statement. He did not wish to offer any comments on these strictures, but simply asked for information.—The Clerk said the only authsritY the Board had was of con- trolling the expenditure of the Assessment Committi s. The committee could not spend anything without the authority of the Board. Beyond that the proceedings of the committee were independent of the Board.—The Rev. J. H. Riddette : We appoint the whole committee ? —The Clerk : The Board does thar,and is limited to the appointment of twelve members. Proceeding, the Clerk - said he followed the matter to which he beleived the Rev. J. H. Riddette referred, and it would be a very ica- portant matter, especially for the townships of the Union if the Assessment Committee could do anything in it. But he could confidently advise them that there was nothing in the matter at all. There was no power which the Assessment Committee could exercise in the direction referred to, and the gentleman who made the statements was mistaken on al- most all the points to which he referred.—The Rev. J. H. Riddette said he had not formed any opinion on the question,but he was struck with the fact that one of their committees had been attacked, and no opportunity had been afforded on that Board tor making any reply. —The Clerk said there was no doubt that the people at Haydock would consider it was an important matter for them if the suggestions made could be carried into effect. The writer stated that the assessment of War- rington was too low by £120,000. If that was so, then the other parishes in the Union were suffering for it, as the levying of the expenses ought to be made on that in- creased assessment. But as the Assessment Committee largely included the Guardians of other parishes it might be taken for granted that they would not submit to such a condition of things if it e-- could be obviated.— The subject then dropped. THE ACCIDENT TO A MEMBER BOARD. OF THE Mr. THOMPSON said the members missed an old and respected member from the Board that morning; he re- ferred to Mr. John Houghton, and he could not let that opportunity pass without asking, the Board to express their sorrow at the serious accident which betel him' and to express a hope that he might have a speedy recovery. • He would propose that a letter be sent expressing those sentiments.—arr. A. J. Jolter said he bad pleasure in seconding the proposition. 'They Were indebted to Mr. Thompson for bringing the matter forward.—The pros position was unanimou ily agreed to, and the Chairman was requested to forward the letter. This concluded the business.

v_e, 0,,,,, - .;:' Sore Throats..: "You cannot d :7 trr than gar& with ' CO N ii)V.' " Sir itferf II fir...:',.,'n-i? P,'.17., Phy,icp.,, ta V.e That. Hospital. .114 . CiatziAryo 1 N 1 ;... 7.4,, 7Dv 5 S . With %,%0 "1 a ",'; Retrie 1- d:ad --1 riLLYD 0 ' BtV/KREI Cr SLIZSTrIUTES. insist on ~

===== 0002601_18980107_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

A GENEROUS GIVER IT WARGRLYE CHURCH. On sunday evening after the service at Wargrave Church and when counting the collections a bank of England note for .E5O was found to have been placed in one of the offertory bags. Every effort has been made to trace the anonymous giver, but without result, such an amount in an ordinary col- lection being quite unequalled in the annals of the ; church.

ST. JOLTN'S CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL. The senior scholars of the above scnoal spent a social evening in the Mission flall, Earlestown on New Year's iiiht. A good number sat down to tea, after which for a short time games, &c., were in- dulged in. During an interval the curate Rev. J S. Shirtcliffe, gave a short .interesting address. A. number of dances were enjoyed to the strains of Mr. Peplow's string band. EARLESTOWN PRIMITITE METHODISTS. On Saturday evening the young ladies who are responsible for the flower stall in connection with the forthcoming Primitive Methodist bazaar ar- ranged a tea for the elder scholars of the Sunday school, the profit from which will be devoted to the bazaar. The tea was hell in the scho )1 room, and about 107 were present. After tea,games of various kinds were indulged in, songs and pianoforte duets being given at intervals by Misses R. Dickens, and F. Sproston and Mr. F. Austin. ORGAN RECITAL AT Sr. JOHN'S CHURCH. On Sunday afternoon Mr. H.W. Radford,organist, assisted by Mr. J.R. Peplow, gave an organ recital in St. John's Church,Earlestown. There was a very fair audience, and a suitable programme of season- able selections was ably rendered. The following were the items submitted :—Organ solo. "2nd Offer- toire on two noels"; violin and organ, "Six Christ- mas Pieces ; organ solos (a), "Pastorale in G," (b) " Venite in Bethlehem" ; violin and organ " Bane- dictu.,' organ solo "Ist Offertoire on two noels organ solo " Christmas March." HOPE OF EARLESTOWN LODGE.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
1 On December 31st, the above Lodge held its , animal Social at the Co-operative Hall, and it proved very successtul. A large number of naem- hers and friends were present and the amusements ' were carried far into the night. Bro. B. Barker, Lodge Secretaiy,had the arrangements in hand, as- sisted by various brothers and sisters of the Lodge. on Monday January 3rd, the usual weekly session was held, presided over by Bro. T. Cutler, C.T. Six candidates were admitted to membership. Various letters were read in respect to No. 1 Convention to he held at Hindley, also special sessions of district lodge at Liverpool. Programme committee was ap- point, for the Lodge visit to Ashton and Leigh. The followl ng visitors were present: Bro, J. W. Roberts, , of Warrington, Bro. Enoch Roberts, of the Hope of 1 Cefn Lodge. Denbigh, Sister Miss Coates of the "Excelsior " Ashton, who gave addresses. Greet- I ings were tendered from lodges. Bro. E. Newman ' hon. secretary, tendered greetings from the Hind- ley Lodge, which were well received in tee usual way. s'rogramme for the evening was" A trip to London," Bro. J. Taylor chairman. All the members took part and a very interesting evening closed in the usual way. NEW YEAR'S DAY AT EARLESTOWN. New Year's eve was a bad augury for the birth of the year 1893. As evening closed in rain began to fall and until very late on the atmospheric condi- tions were as depressing as could well be imagined. In spite of this however, a good number of people were stirring, and towards midnight many wended the way towards the various places of worship I where watch-night services wars held. At the stroke of twelve, the sounding of buzzers, and the tring of cannons heralded the birth of the New Year, and congratulations and wishes for a pnv- perous year were abundant. New Year's day was a slight improvement on the previous day, but the weather was not of a promising character. The atmosphere was cold and raw, and in the evening rain again began to fall and continued without in- termission during the night. The only local attrac- tion was a football match between Earlestown and Leyland, in which the home team proved victorious by 3 goals to 1. The usual New Year's parties to the Sunday School children were not held this year, in some cases they having taken place a few days previous, and in others they were po-tpone 1 until a more convenient occasion. All the places of busi- ness in the town were open, but the works were closed, the v &can (shoeing until Wednesday in this 1 Week, OOPONG.—A Judicious Blend of tin Clio:cesi; T11,A.3 23. per lb, Ceylon Tea Pure, Fragrant and Delicious. Is. 61. Iper lb. : Bibs, carriage paid to any address in the United Kingdom.--DARBER AND Co, Established Over a century; 675, Lore-street, Liverpool, 103, Market-street, Manches- ter. SAD DEATH OF A BURTONWOOD FARMER.

Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner, held an inquest at the Griffin Inn, Peasley Cross, St. Helens, on Tuesday, on the body of James Fairclough, aged 30 years, a farmer of Bearded Barn farm, Burtonwood, who was killed in Fleet Lane, Parr, St. Helens, on New Year's day, through being rim over by the lorry he was driving.—Edwin Fairclough said the deceased was his brother and was 30 years of age. The horse which deceased had out on Saturday was a bit timid at times, but his brother knew it very well as they had had the horse for eight or nine years.— Jeremiah Heyes, farmer, Burtonwood, said that he met deceased with his horse and lorry upon which were vegetables in St. Helens. He went back with him on the way to Burtonwood. They called at several shops on business In Fleet Lane, after calling at one place, deceased came up and shouted to the horse' Go on Doll," and as the horse started he attempted to jump on the shafts, and the wheels passed over him before the horse could be stopped. He was removed to the surgery of Dr. Bites, and afterwards to the Hospital where he died.—The Coroner: They try to jump on the wagon and grasp the reins at the same time, thinking they are smart. We don't want to speak ill of the dead, but this was no one's fault but his own. Was he sober ?—Wit- ness: He was sober enough but had had a drink.— The Coroner : Had he several drinks ? Witness : I could not say. He had two with me.—Mrs. Lucy Ann Gregory. 456 Fleet Lane, who witnessed the accident gave corroborative evidence, adding that she did not think anyone else was to blame but the deceased.—A verdict o'f "Accidental death " was returned.

EARLKSTOWN WESLF,YIN SUNDAY SC/TOOL. In connection with the above, Root's Cantata " The Flower Queen,or the Coronation of the Rose," was represented at the Town flail, Earlestown, on Saturday evening by scholars of the Wesleyan Sunday School, under the guidance of Miss E. L. Greer dl. The p'atfc,:m had been arranged in order to iepresent as near as possible a woodland scene, a very large quantity of holly and evergreens having been brought into use for the purpose, and a pretty effect was obtained. The argument is that the flowers met in a secluded dell in the forest to ehoose their Queen. A person discontented with the world seeks in the same place retirement from hi s cares and disappointments. The flowers tell of love and duty, and the Recta-go, learning that to fill well the station allotted by Providence, is to be happy. re- solves to return again to usefulness and content- mentEeelusevv among his fellow creatures. The character of and his sinagsineagPiWaslsly saut s t aoinnceed sayr elllart. It a. ndfull Robinson.o f volume. The other characters were—" Rose." Miss May Clare ; "Dahlia," Miss Lily Monks ; " Sun- Llower,"Miss Kate Alderson;"Dandelion,"Missllinnie Barr ; "Crocus," Miss Lilly Barr; "Heliotrope." Miss Olive Roberts;"Touch-me-not,"Miss o.Clare; "Violet," Miss Berry;"Rollyhock,"MissP.Holliday;"Japonica," Miss S. Clerks," Mign*nette Miss Alice Jackson, " Lily' Miss Ethel Collings,and a number of others who acted as chorus. The dresses of the various characters were artistically arranged and when groin..ed on the platform presented a very pretty effect. This was enhanced on the occasions when the limelight was brought into play,this being effi- ciently manipulated by Mr. J. 11. Graham. With the rendition of the cantata we can find no fault, Miss Greenall having used excellent care in allott- ing the principal parts,and the singing was all that could be desired. The choosing of the Queen was very well carried out,the choice by direction of the Recluse falling upon the Rose. The coronation , having beon effected, the ent”equent duets tied choruses were sweetly and tastefully rendered, the audience showing their appreciation in an effusive manner. The cantata was repeated on Monday evening, but there was only a moderate audience present. The proceeds were in aid of the zunday school funds.

VULCAN FOOTBALL CLUB. The annual hall promoted by this club V•ok place on New Year's eve, in the dining Hall of the Vulcan Works. fhe room was very nicely decorated for the occasion by Mr. E. T. Evans, and there were about ;7)0 coup!es present. The .M.C's were Messrs. A. Williams and Wrigh!', and dancing which was commencer; at 8.30 was '<flit up with spirit until 5 o'clock next morning to music supplied hy Mr. Lewis' band. The inner man was catered for by Mr. Williamson, and the general arrangements were satisfactorily carried out by Mr. J. Lawson (secretary), and the Committee.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
on I

===== 0002601_18980107_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1898

NEWTON URBAN DISTRI.Cr COUNCIL.

MONTHLY MEETING. An ordinary monthly meeting of this Council was held in the Board Room at the Town Hall, EArlestown, on Monday afternoon, Mr. C. B. F. B won presided, and there were also present : Rev. E. W. W. Kaye, Dr. Patterson, Messrs. P. McMahon, W. Gilmour, F. J. Wood, J. Simpson, J. Slee, E. r. Egans, T. Ormand. with Mr. W. W. Sairley (cie.k), and Mr. Morley (sur- veyor and in.pector of nutsanceb).

TRH GAS MANAGER'S REPOR Mr. Swann in his monthly report submitted a state- ment with reference to street lighting with incandescent and ordinary burners. The Council had now 93 lamps fitted with incadescent burners, or 101 incandescent burs.ers. The estimated cost for the last three months had been £7O 2s. 101 , as compared with the estimated cost of £7O 10s. 10s. of a like number of ordinary bur- ners. The very severe storms which had taken place during the above mentioned time had been injurious to the incandescent lights. During the month repairs had been made to a defective gas service in Earle-st. near the lifting shop, and a defect in the gas main in the same street near the spring shop ; also to a broken main pipe at the top and middle of Emmett's Brow. During the month they had reputed defective mains in Vita-road and Emmett's Brow. AU hydrants had been examined and tested, and were found and left in good working order. Consumption of water as per register- ing of meters :—Newton Bridge meter, 3,190,000 gallons Viaduct Works meter, 2,080,000 gallons ; Parkside meter, 1,000 gallons ; total 5.271,000 gallons : corres- ponding month last year, 5,102,000 gallons ; increase 163,000 gallons.—The Chairman of the Gas and Water Committee at a meeting on the 20th of December, read a report stating, that as requested at the last meeting of the committee, he had In conjunction with the Clerk and the Gas Manager, enquired late the present system of inspecting gas meters, and recommended that a com- petent meter inspector should be appointed to hive charge of the whole of the meters, and that he should work from the Collector's Office at the Town llall. After a discussion, it was decided to continue the present system for ansther quarter. Letters, dated November 29th, 1697, and December 13th, 1897 were read from Messrs. McCorepodale and Co., Limited, drawing at- tention to the difficulty they experience from time to time in obtaining a full supply of gas sufficient to meet their requirements ; also requesting an additional supply of gas for at least no more lights and large gas engine. It was resolved that the letters be referred to the Gas Works Extensions Committee. A letter, dated December 14th. 1897 was also read from the Vulcan Foundry, Limited, requesting the Council to consider the ques- tion of supplying them with gas for gas engines, It was tee ,Iced that the letter be referred to the Gus Works Extensions Committee. GAS AND WATER coNrßicrs.

tion deciding to borrow from the Corporation of Torquay a loan of £4,000 on account of gasworks extensions, authorising the seal of the Jouneil to be affi ved to the iodenture of mertgage to be given as security for the s4id lo,ae. su h•,,tsing the C wp,rstion to par the amount ut rh.. Sill loan t) the treasurer of the doun- ell —Mr. MeMih.m oended, and the miumes were ap- prove RE•APPOIN TMEN 014 MR. BRIERLEY.

- - - It WAR U lanunoudy agreed to on tun proposition of th • Chairman 6* that Mr. Richard Brierley, surveyor to the (douncil,be, and be is hereby re-appointed Inspector of Nuisances for the whole of the Urban Sanitary Dis- tri,:t of Newtou-in-Ilakerfield, for a period of one year from this date, at a salary at the rate of £159 per an- num." This concluded the business.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON CONGREATIONA.L SUNDAY SCHOOL.

RE-OPENING SEIRVICE3.

This school, which has b.ters undergoing restoration for the past six months, has now been reopened, and in connection with tie event special services were held in the Cnapel on Sunday,when the Rsv. J. Hirst Hollowell occupied the pulpit and preached inetrucsive sermons. In ths afternoon a cantata " Ilia day of the bird," was given by the choir, under the direction of Mr. Knight, organist. The soloists/were Mrs. Terrier, Miss Mather. Mr. Hitchen, and Mr. Turner. Collections were made at each service tewards the cost of the school altera- tions, which will amount to about £1,200. Toe work has been excelleetly done,and reflects great credit upon the contract,r, Mr.J. B. Wright, of Leigh. The defects in the structure were first of all discovered in the roof, which has been completely taken off, and the in. tenor of the building cleaned down, and washed , to prevent dry rot. Toe floors 'have been taken ' up for about a yard deep, the new flooring which bas been put down being of pitch pine. The same process has been used also in connection with the ceiling, which is 4 polished pitch pine boards fixed diagonal,y, with suitable ventilation and brackets and supports to cor- respond, resting on stone corners. The room is illumi- nated by means of foot handsome gas burners,eack con- taining 14 jets. The old gallery has been taken down, and the stained glass window facing Crow-lane refilled, and it now look. exceedingly cea4te. The large room as it now stands is Slit. 6ia. by 40ft., and 253. high from the flooi to roof. At the back a new tea room 141 t. 6.n. by Bft. 6ia. has been erected with oth.sr outbuildinge ad sanitary conveniences upon the most improved system. The new porches forming .the front entrance are firted with swing doors of pitch pine. The walls are of Keen's cement and the swing doors in the lobbies ef ernhosse glass. The work was begun at the latter end of July, and the architect is Mr. Axon, of Leigh. On Monday eveoiag the re-opening was celebrated by a social evening and concert. There were about 200 present to tea,which was arranged by the lady members of the congregation.

The Rev. Jsmes Allatt preside3,and la his opening re- marks said ha was glad to see such a brilliant gathering, as he had no idea they would turn up in such large numbers. Some years ago he thought of resigning, but owing to the very kind letters he received from friends whose advice he was in the habit of taking and from the kind expressions made,he was influenced to stay another two years. Instead of that, he was with them now to see this grand work completed. In 1878 there was a similar debt on the chapel, but they had to face it with courage and in a very few years it was wiped of and they would have to face this expense with the same courage, and what they were able to do in those days, the present congregation would do. That, however, was not the school, it was only the school room in which they were now met. The school Wal the boys and girls who met together Sunday after Sunday. He hopeo they should find many who were able and willing co enter into the work of building up the. school within the schoolroom. ' (Applause.) A programme of songs, duets and instru mental selec- tions was afterwards submitted Mesdames Turner 1 and Clarke, Misses Williamson and blather, and Messrs. 1 Knight, Turner, Owen, flitchin, and Master Moss as

===== 0002601_18980107_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
- WEDDING A.T E AALESTOW N.

ATTFIEL D -CUTTS

Oa Wednesday afternoon at Emmanuel Church, War. grave, the marriage of Muss Adelaide Bateman Attfield, only daughter of Mr. W.Attfield, tobacconist,Queen-5t., Earlestown, With Mr. Leonard Cutts, sadiler. was solemnised by the Rev.J.Caraon,rect-r. The bride,who looked very pretty in a dress of cream corduroy, trim- med with cream silk and chiffon, with cream hat to match. Was accompanied by Miss Ada Banks, who wore a dress of cream repp, trimmed with old gold silk, with black velvet picture hat to match. and Miss Bate. man, who was attired in a cream repp dress. trimmed with cream satin and pink chiffoo,with croara straw hat to match,as bridesmaids both of whom carried bouquets Lila gift of the bridegroonane bride also carried a hand. Isonte bouquet, the gift of the bridegroom. Ths bride- groom WAS accompalied by Mr. G. W. Stringer as [best man,and the bride was given away by her father. rAs the bride, leaning upon the arm of her father,entered the church, the strains of the wedding march pealed Torth from the organ, played by Master Arthur Purnell, and as the wedding party left the church he also played the march. The weather did not admit of the sun shin- ing on the bride, but on returning to her father' house, a very good substitute for sunshine presented itself in a most enjoyable company of relatives and friends. The breakfast table,beautifully decorated and furnished with plenty of good things, was handsomely framed by the artistic habiliments of the lady guests. A most enjoy- able day was brought to a close at half an hour after midnight,the newly-wedded pair haviag left at 5.30 for Blackpool where the honeymoon will be spent. Tne bride.who for tea years Was engaged at the Earlestown District School,received upwards of 53 useful and hand- some presents.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
EXIIGRATION TO CANADA.

A consilerable emigration takes Place every year from the United Kingdom, son:e of which goes to Canada, some to the other Colonies, and the larger pro- portion apparently to foreign countries.Canadtans would like to see a much greater part of this movement going 'to Canada, which offers advantage to immigrants not excelled by any ether part of the world. The various provinces. Q iebea, Oatario, Manitoba, and North-west Territories, and British Columbia stretch from the At- lantic to the Pacific Ocean, and offer a wide vane y of climate to suit all canters, and a fertile soil which has been highly spoken of bytho tenant farmer delegations which have visited the country in recent years- a fringe of the territory is at present inhabited,and there are countless; millions of acres of fertile soil ready. with cultivation, to grow all the products of the temperate z one, and to provide happ v homes for large numbers of peoele. All agricultural produce grown in the United Kingdom and in Europe is raised In Canada as well as many other articles that are nnt cultivated to any extent in Great Britain. The export of farm and dairy produce from Canada is considerable. In all the provinces unlimita 1 opportunities exist for the investment of capital, either in manufactures or in the natural industries connected with the forests, the mines,the fisheriee,and agritsulture. Toe mineral development both cf Ontario, of British Columbia, and of the Yukon district,is attracting much a•temion. Psrsons with moderate incomes 4111 find ICI 01' Domini,sn many advantages not to be obtained else- where, and for those with growing families,the facilities for education and for starting young men and young women in life deserve special consideration. Tne classes especially desired are those with capital. persons with moderate incomes, and farmers, farm labourers, and domestia servants. Free grants of HO acres of land are i given to male settlers, above the age of 18 years, n toisnitoba and the N orth-west Territories. Crow n lands can be obtained in the ()the. provinces either free or on nominal terms,while improved farms, ready for occupa- tion and cultivation, ins 9 be purchased in every part of the D siniaims at reasonable priests. Fill information may be obtained from the Canadian Government Agency, 15, Water-street, Liverpool.

00.1.(4111.114.ig Cement for broken articles, 64. and IS. post 14f3 Id. Bold everywhere Rome and abroad.—Advt. MR. JOHN BILL, ScßooL ATTENDANCE OFFICER.

We regret to stare that Mr. John Ball, who for many years has offleiated as School Attend %nee 01E3er for the Newtondistrict, was taken suddenly 111 at the Town Hall, on Thursday afternoon. Medical aid was procured, hut it was late in the evening before Mr. Ball was in a fit condition to be removed home. WARRINGTON TEXpERANCE FEDERATION.

The —third lantern address was given in the Co- operative Hall, Winwick-street,on Sunday evening, when there was a very large attendance. Mr. Wm. Nightingale occupied the chair, and deliverel a stirring address. Mr. H. Taylor, police court mis- sionary, exhibited a number of beautifully coloured pictures, whicli were greatly appreciated. Mrs. Nurse contributed a recitation, and Mr. Nurse a sclo,both ot which were very successful. Mrs.Fair- burst also sang a solo in a very pleasing manner. Mr. F. Dixo also took part in the meeting, and at the close a number of pledges weri taken.

A. CPU). Reverend Joseph Holmes' Improved Mexican Prescription is the only original guaranteed Remedy for 'all those who sniffer from nervous weakness, exhausted vitality, kidney or bladder diseases, gravel, prostate, spinal wealsneas, brain fag and kindred complaints—discovered In Mexic.. It has stood the test for twenty-two years. Thous- sands cured. Seal a self addressed !tamped envelope to Jos. Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury Scoare Londan, and get particulars of this great Specific free. Mention whether for male or female. Genuine sufferers nee,l only apply. Beware of swindling imitators and igßor• ant quacks.

Transfer regulations,as at pre3ent existing, will not be interfered with in the case of paid players as between one competition club and another. In the case of non- comrtition clubs,at present players may apply for a I transfer, and if refused the refusing 01ub3 must prove that illegal inducements havo been offered,failing which I proof the transfer is granted. What course will be fol- lowed in the event of a non-competition player wishing to become a professional with a competition club—and vice versa—is a matter which has yet to be decided. It has teea understood that a twelve months' residen- tial qualification will be enforced with regard to players from outside counties and countries. That propoial is in the nature of an alternative to the legislation of pro- fessionalism. If professionalism be Ie lisd , such a qualification will not be proposed. A. copy if the proposals of the Sub-Committee has to be sent to each member of the Northern Union Com- mittee, with the view of full consideration by the vari- ous club committees. The Committee of the Union will meet at Huddersfield on the 18th inst. specially to hear the views of clubs and come to a decision as to the scheme to be adopted. If necessary, a special general meeting of all the clubs in the Union will be held to re- vise the professional by-la q;, failing which the necessary legal alterVions will be made at the annual general meeting in July. No alteration will take place during to current season.

The followinz table shows the position of the clubs in the Lancashire Competition including Monday's matches : For,

L.. Apt.

P. W. L. D.G. T. P. G.T. P. P Oldham 15...1.3... 1... 1...15 40-150...11 9 49...27 Wid nes 15...11... 3... 1...21 44-174... 5 15— 55...23 Swiaton l3 .11... 1... 1...16 47-173.;. 9 4 30...23 Salford 16...10... 5... 1...16 46-173-16 27-113-21 Warrington 17. 8... 8... 1...11 26 —100...14 24-100...17 Runcorn l4. 8... 6... 0...15 24-102...10 16— 63...16 Broughton Rgre 13... 7... 4... 2...13 I* 80... 7 12— 53...16 St Helens 14... 6... 8... 0... 9 17— 69...17 21— 97...12 Wigan 15... 6... 9... 0...12 11— 57...11 29-109...12 Tyldesley 15... 5...10... 0... 7 17— 65...19 43-167-10 *Leigk 14... 5... 8... 1...18 23 96-12 25 93... 9 S:ockport 14... 4...10... 0...12 17—175-20 37-151... 8 Rochdale H'rnetsl6... 3..13... 0...17 18— 83...18 40-156 .. 6 Morecambe 15... 2...13... 0...10 9 47...24 54-210... 4 *Leigh have had two points deducted for playing an in- eligible man.

After devotional exercises,the Rev. John Yonge ascended the pulpit and delivered an address on " Congregational principles." Ile said such a subject had usually been regarded as a proper and even needful thing on such an occasion as the present. No one could truthfully accuse them of too frequently vitera thug or obtruding their distinctive ecclesiastic views. There were those who said their churches were not cite rches ; that they were nothing better than schismatic sectarians ; that they were people eeith crotchets rather than convictions. They were people who must be tolerated, but could hardly be respected. Occasions like the present, there- fore, might fitly be utilized for setting forth the scrip- tural and conscientio us reasons for a Congregational polity. Very certain was it that their Nonconformist forefathers knew thoroughly well the reasons for their ecclesiastical preferences. They were true and staunch in their adhesion to the congregational idea, because fiemly persuaded that it was the idea warranted by the teaching of Christ and His apestlee, They rejected the episcopal idea of the Church and the State establishment of religion, beeves° they held those ideas to be entirely unwarrante dby the New Testament. What they Con- gregationalists should apprehend was the simple fact that the lapse of time had not made that to be an error which was once a truth, and that if their nonconformist fore- fathers were right in their nonconformi tv, and right in their congregational principlee,it was not riget for them to-day to drift away from these pesitions, or to sacrifice these principles. There was.unhappily, a very frequent drift in this direction,and it was therefore becom jug ex- tremely needful to check and counteract it by careful exposition of what they held to be spiritual and eccles- iastical truth. There were some Chi istian people who thought that Ch urch principles and forms of worship were of no real importance. They thought it mattered very little where or how they worshipped God, or under what denominational banner they enrolled. It was no doubt perfectly true that salvation was obtainable in any church, or,for that matter,outside any church. The Saviour was not the church,but Christ. The New Testa- ment did not stipulate any ecclesiasticism into which men might go if they were to have spiritual life, but it presented and proclaimed a Divine Per- sonal Saviour who would have all rnea ce me unto Him that they might have life. "The Church, which is His Body "comprised many sections, bearing many different names, but all its members were one in the faith, hope, peace and life that were in and by Christ Jesus. I t did not follow however, that because of this church principle was of no consequence. A man could live in any house or society or state which fur nished him with means of existence. It would be absurd to say that therefore it mattered nothing where he liyed how he lived, or with whom he lived. They heard much about the importance of the influence of environments. They knew that physical and moral effects were thus produced. They might therefore, be confident that great spiritual effects were produced by ecclesiastical environments and spiritual atmospheres. Surely an intelligent man would seek and choose that spiritual dwelling, atmosphere and environment which could best conduce to his spiritual 'development, growth and freedom. la spiritual respects ' the church was meant to ba to a man what home, kin- dred, friendships were ira temporal respects. It should makehim realize the height and breadth and individual- ity of his nature. It should make him feel in every sense a man—having independence of judgment and freedom of action. The ideal church was that which had In it at least the suggestion and forecast of the ideal human society. Its watchwords were those which had been miedeemed revolutionary and destructive, but which were really redernptive,reconstructive—" liberty, equality, fraternity." Now, he ventured to affirm that no ecclesiastic system answered 5) completely. to such an ideal as did Congregationalism. He esplained a Congregational church to be a community of Chris- tian people combining for the worship of God, the promotion of their spiritual life, and the extension of the kingdom of Clerist. This society was capable ' of managing its own affairs. Every person in it was I of equal rank and authority with every other. I The late greatly revered Congregational historian, Dr. John Stoughton, in an essay on the Primitive Churches had said, "the earliest iciea of a church is that of a brotherhood for the maintainence and diffusion of religious convictions." This principal was at the root of Congregationalism. They held that church member- ship could not be determined by any accident of natural birth, or of human citizenship, or merely intellectual acceptance of a creed or a ceremony. The difference between them and those who believed in a National Church was the theory that the nation, as such, was the church,and that the church was the nation. They did not believe that any such politically created insti- tutions could be in any scriptural sense a church. Three things were essential in congregatioualism, viz.— " A church is a spiritual brotherhood consisting of personal believers in the Lord Jesus Christ ; a church as a complete society capable of managing its own affairs, in loyal obedience to the will of Christ, and to brotherly love; the church is independent of all externalautherity, answerable to Christ alone." The Rev. Dr. Fairbairn delivered the charge to the pastor.

...........-......-..

RUNCORN DISTRICT NURSE.

There have been 33 cases on thn books from Nlvem- ber 25th to December 25th, viz: 13 medical, 15 surgical, 4 typhoid,aud 1 chronic. Ot these 10 are convalescent and 2 are dead, leaving 21 on the bock. Nineteen patients have received occasional visits. Number of visits paid to tntients, 225 ; number of ccsasional visits, 62 ; total 287.

TEMPERANCE HALL, ACADEMY-STREET. At the Spiritualist services on Sunday, Mrs. New- ton,of Stockport, was the speaker. She delivered good addresses, especially in the evening, and at each service was very successful in her clairvoyant delineations,nearly the whole of them being readily recognised.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Tabulated tenders for the supply of meters and oth materials required by the committee during the year commencing January Ist,lB9B,and ending D ceniber 31, 1193, were submitted to the Gas and Water Committee, and after the came had bema considered it was resolved that the tenders of the following persens or firms, for the respective articles be recom- mended to the Cduncil for acceptance :—Meters. automatic and ordinary and meter taps, Messrs. Stever and Purvess,Miles Platting, Manchester,and Messrs. Geo. Orme and Co., Park-street, Oldham ; lead pipe, Messrs. Helman,Mitchell, and Co ,St. Helens; bras: stop cocks, S. Gratrix, Jun. and Brother, Manchester ; steam fitt- ings and steam tubes, Messrs. Lloyd and Lloyd, Liv sr- pool ; retorts, fireclay, Messrs. Harper and M sores, of Stourbridge ; shovels, Messrs. Caldwells, Limited, War- rington : incandescent mantles and burners. lecandel- cent Gas Light Co., London ; oils, Messrs. 11. S. Clare and Co.. Liverpool ; water hydrants, sluice valves, etc., Gienfield Co., Limited, Kilmarnock; water meters, Ham, Baker and Co., Lendon. The Gas and Water Committee also decided that the engineer should write to Messrs. C. and W. Walker, of Donnington, callingtheir attention to the delay in fixing the wrought iron roof of the purifiers at the gas works, and asking them to adhere to the terms of the contract. —The mieutes were approved on the proposition ot the Chairman.' THE SANITARY INSPECTOR'S REPORT. Mr. Brierley in his report said he was lorry to reper t that George Holding, one of the workmen, met with rather a serious accident on the morning of the 10th inst. He fell into a cesspool and fractured some of his ribs on the right side. He is going on well, but it will be several weeks before hi is fit for work again, and unfortunately he is in no club and rather in poor cir- cumstances. The district was quite clear from any in- fectious cases, but they had tour children in hospital suffering from scarlet fever, and one with enteric fever. Filty-t roe notices to abate nuisances had been served since his last report, and were being attended to fairly well. The toils for street hawking during the month had been £1 18s. 81., market and stallage £26 14s. id, total £2B 12s. 91, against £43 17i. 31. last year, but that was to: five weeks aa Ite was oaly for f sue.

THE SURVEYOR'S REPORT. Mr. Brierlev reported that during the past m mth the workmen had been eaga,g-cl in macadamizing Ss.Fielens- I oad, Winwick-road, Mill-lane, an I metallin., Emmett's- brow, rutting and cindering Swan-read, rootpaths of Vista-r sad and Wargrave-roao, as well as reforming, curbs and crossings for new centre lamps at junction of Market street, with St. Helens-road, and at junction °I Wargrave new and old roads. During the ensuing month he propesed to continue the flagging on St. Helens-road, from Market-street to the Common, and macadamizing certain lengths of main and secendary roads. The recent very heavy storms had caused serious flooding. in low places, especially below E nmmtt's-brow. The excess of water fhwing from Newton Common thereto w a more than that' the existing drains could take, and the water consequently flowed over the road to the canal,dainaging the road and c %using much inconveaience to the public. RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE FIEGHWAYS AND SANITARY COMMI rimE.

This cool:flat-a resolved that seven days' notice to abate the nuisances complained of be served upon Mrs. Pierpoint,of Vigan,and John Bmtham,of 65,Eloughton- st., Earlestown, and failing compliance therewith, legal Proceedings to b • taken to enforce the provisions of sec- tilal9l of the Public Health Act, 1875. A letter, dated December 12th, was read from Mr. J. Liptro:t, of High- st., Newton-1 ' eeWillows stating that in his final appor- tionment in respect of his frontage in Birley-st., he had apparently been overcharged. —Tne Surveyor explained that the app 4:ionmeat had been made in the usual manner, v's,according to his frontage,and it was ordered that the Clark write Mr.Liptrott and explain the matter. —The Surveyor stated that an error had been made in computing th, final balance due to Mr. S. Flutton,in rel. pect of his r ...tract for the making r,f Mercer, &1., streets, an . that a further sum of a 25.6 t.was due to Mr. flutton.—lt was resolved that tha item be included in this month's accoants for payrnent.—A letter, dated November 29th, was read from the Medical o!ficer of Health, stating that he had again visited Mr. Finning's cottages, in Hope-st., and f mod that the basement had , been filled up atter concreting below.—rte L r]al Gov-, ernment Board wrote stating that before deciding upon the application for sanction to loorr,w the sum of £15,000 for the purposes of Private Works of Street Irn• movement made by this Council, the Board will dirrct a local inquiry to be held on the subject by one of their Inspectora. It was resolved that the Clerk to the Comas , cil cominct the enquiry before the InsVG"l'—'4. letter dated November 27ch,w.as read from the Comtv District Surveyor.stating that b•fore the District Council would be entitled to the sum of £l6O for flagging St. Helena Road, from the Courry C smell, it would be necessary to spend £3.2o.—Mr. G. Profit, of 128,Market-5t.,E lees- towa,wrote requesting that the sum of £2 51.,eue from him to the Council, in respect of his objection to the provisional apportionment 0: BaCk Market-at.,should be added to the cost of street making,—The Clerk read Isis reply thereto, —lt was resolved that the tender of Mr. G. Finning for which was approved of b.:, the committal. taking down a partition in one of the Council's stables, and to fix one new boskin, two wood mangers, and two iron hayracks,for the sum of £4 be recommended to the Council for acceptance.—lt was also resolved that the Surveyor prepare plans lot the mortuary, based upon the suggestions contained in a memorandum of the Local Government Board with reference to mor- tuaries, and that any recommendations of the Medical Officer of Health be also embodied, and afterwards submitted to this committee. A. letter, dated November 22nd, was read from Mr. F Harrison, general manager of the L. and N. W. Railway Companv,stating that the questions raised by the Conn- di as to the approach and want of accommodation at the Earlestown railway passenger station was under con- sideration, but he was not yet in a position to give any definite reply. Mr. John Gregory, toll .collector and assistant nuisance inspector,wrote stating tbat tbe work in big department was more than he could manage as the district had increased considerably during the past few years. Ths letter was referred to Mr, Collingwood, Mr. Herron, and Mr. Ormand for their consideration and report. It was resolved that seven days' notice be served upon Mr. A. L. Caine, of 34, Wargrave-road, Earles- town, to take down and remove a wood stable, which had been erected by him on land immediately adjoining N. 14, Wargrave-road, without plans having been sub- mitted to the Council, in contravention of the Couacil's Rye-laws, and that if the stable is not taken down and removed to the satisfaction of the Council within the

time specified in the nothe, the Council will proe,el to tab; down the said stable and charcm the ens'. th.rAof to him. The Clerk was directed to write to Mr. Mrjth of l'esrton flail FArm, nailing hie attention to the olm• plaints which had been made to the Committee of the foul emanations arising from the slaughter house manure . . .

consignet -to him pr c-mal hi, anti di at the foot of Red Brow Wool, and to request him to have it removed immediately on its arrioal,otherwiQo the Coun. ell will remove ir, and charge him with the cost thereof, in accordance with the Staitary Acts.—ln tho absence of 'sir. Colling,wood, the chairman of the committee, the minutes were proposed for clnfirmation by 3lr. Borron. Mr. o:maiad secoaded, and the minutes were approved.

FINANCE CONIMITTEE.

Mr. Ormand proposed that cheques amounting to £1,850 ss, 7d. be signed for payment, and also a resolu-

===== 0002601_18980107_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

THE NEN PROFE3BIONAL PROPOSAL 3.

IThe new proposals re profe6sionalsm brought forward by th. Sob-C manttee of the Northern Union have,says Yorkshire Post," neurally created great in- terest in Rugby football circles. Fuller details of these proposals will, therefore, be acceptaole to all concerned in thu settlement of the most important question which has yet been raised in connection with the nandling code. As announced in the Press on Wednesday, the Sub- Committee of the Northern Union brought forward a report which was laid before the full Committee of the Northern Union at Huddersfield on Tuesday evening,and at the same meeting the report of a minority was pre- sented. Concerning the latter, it may be said that it emanated practically from One individual, and in effect was a well-meant effort to insist upon the carrying out to the letter and the spirit the present regulation re- garding the payment for "broken time." The majority of the members of the Sub-Committee, however, felt compelled to acknowledge what has long been patent to the public—that the " broken time " regulations are being broken all round, and that a recognition of full prefessionalism is now inevitable—in fact, is absolutely neCe+Sary in toe inrereits of the Union itself. It is tlaerefsre proposed, as the first clause, that the psyment of players be legalised. No restriction on the emount of payment is made,for the simple reason that it would be impossible to enforce it if adopted. The key- note of the Sub-',Tommittee's policy and proposals is that while professionalism must be recognised and sanctioned it must be made imp nsible for a man to earn his living solely by playing football. To carry out this principle, it is proposed that every player must be engaged in a bona-fide situation. A register of the employment of all professional players is to be kept by the clubs, and fur- nished to the Secretary of the Northern Union, and in csses where men are out of employment they will not be permitted to play football. A breach of this regulation will render a club liable, for Me first offence., t a severe monetary fins—the amount of which has yet to be fixed —and for is subsequent offence to such term of suspen- sion as the Committee may decide. In all eases the deci- sion of an offence will rest, not with the Competition Comenittees,but with the full Committee of the Northern Union. The ones of proving that a man is properly employed will rest with the club,and superfioial engage- ments, such as those of public-house waiters, grounds- men, and so on will not be recognised as bona-fide situa- tioas. Trie main object the Sub-Committee have in view is to insist that no player must be dependent upon foot- ball for his livlihood—that he must have a legitimate occupation in life outside football—thus striking at the root of the great objection to football professionalism, namely, that when a Waver's day is over he is left with- out means of subsistence, and with only bitter memory of wasted years to support him. Tha',wa repeat, is the key-note of the Sub-Coreinittees's policy. If found possible tc carry it into effect, it will he found a most important departure in the methods of professional foot- ball, and will disarm the greatest objection to profes- sionalism which the most sincere sportsmen entertain. Whether the scheme is a workable one remains les be seen. Bnt at any rate the Sub-Committee of the North- ern Union being brought face to face with inevitable professionalism, are to be cemmendcd on having made a sincere attempt to grapple with the most difficult prob• lone that sportsmen and men of the world could be asked to solve. . . .

Another important point dealt with in the sub-com- mittee's report has reference to the status of amateurs. It is felt that it is necessary to recognise the position of amateurs by placing them under different regulations to these of the paid player. At the same time a loop-hole must not be afforded for pseudo-amateur amateurs to play fast and loose with clubs and with amateur prin- ciples. It is, therefore, proposed that every amateur player shall be free to elect at the commencement of each season what club he will play with,and to do so without a transfer from the club of which he was the previous year a member. Having made this selection,and notified it, he will not be permitted to play with any other club during the sasan.

F RODSHAM.

HEtVY SENTENCE ON A PRISONER.—WiIIiam Atkinson alias Wilson was charged at the Frodsh4m Police Court on Wednesday afternoon, before Mr. .A. Thomas and Dr. Steele, with stealing a ham eight pounds weight, the property of John Po vah, of Dunham-o'ollill.—Mary Povah said on Tuesday she had occasion to leave the house, and when she returned the little girl told her that prisoner had been in. She subsequently found a ham missing.—P.C. Young gave evidence to the effect that he went after prisoner and found him with the ham in his possession. There had been numerous convictions recorded against prisoner dating from 1863. He had also beea committed to penal servitude for 15 years. Falconer, who is wanted on a charge of housebreaking at Birkenhead, was committed to prison for four months.

PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE —Mr. T. Earlarn presided over the monthly meeting of the above committee on Friday last, held in the Curt House, Fredsharn. The Clerk(Mr. John Ashton) read a telegram from the inspector (Mr. Farrington), who said he had no report to make, and a letter from the surveyor (Mr. Diggle),who, it being New Year's Eve,was spending a holiday with his family. The committee expressed their disapproval of such neglect of duty on the part of both WM:Jots, they having' been requested to prepare certain reports for the committee. reference to Mr. John Palmer's new wooden struc- ture in Church-street,a letter was read from his solicitor (Mr. Williams) stating that his client had chosen Mr. James Edwards as his bondsman,that gentleman having consented to act. —The Clerk said he could not accept Mr. Edwards without consulting the committee, as that gentleman, who was otherwise entirely satisfactory, was himself a member of the Parochial Committee. However, another letter was received on behalf of ,Mr. Palmer,who would, in the event of Mr. Edwards be rig a) nsidered ineligible, get one of his relatives to stand as his bondsman. The mat- ter was therefore left in abeyance.—Mr.Edwards moved that the attention of the Gas and Water Company be drawn to the poor quality of the gas as supplied to the public lamps In Main-street.—Mr. Midge seconded, and tie proposition was carried.—On the proposition of Mr. Linaker, seconded by Mr. El wards, it was agreed that the attention of the District Council be drawn to the bad state of the channel at the junction of Main-st. and Ship-st.---Mr. I'. Riley gave notice that at the next meet- ing he wonld move that the streetS in Frodshana be named and the houses numbered.

===== 0002601_18980107_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
SAIIIRDA. NIGHT POPULAR CONCERTS.

The series of popular concerts promoted by the Warrington Corporation were never better repre- sented than by the one given in Parr Hall on the evening of New Year's Day. In contrast also with that on Christmas Eve it was very well attended, vacant seats being scarce in all parts of the ball. The company of artistes was unusually strong,each and all of the performers giving satisfaction theagh two, at least, of them have made several appearances before Warrington audiences this sea- son. The Chester Cathedral Quartette were new to the majority of those present on Saturday evening and this fact, added tlio their harmonious singing, won for them a flattering reception. They are no mean followers in the steps of the famous Meitter Glee Singers, and are the strongest and best ba- lanced quartette we have beard recently. With tune- ful voices in almost perfect accord, their rendering, of " Here's life and health to England's Qieen,' "Simple Simon," and " Annie Laurie," was a rare treat. The quartette were encored on each of four occasions, and responded with such catchy songs as" There was a boy," which did not fail to please. Miss Hubi-Newcomhe was again very successful. Her rendition of Rebecca's recitative and prayer from " Ivanhoe," was a fine performance, and merited the warm plaudits the talented young sinzer received. Cowen's pretty song " The Swallows " was vivaciously interpreted by Miss Newcombe in the second part, and being once more recalled she gave that charming little air from the " Geisha " " The Goldfish." The othsr lady vocal- ist,Miss ;eda Phillips, is the possessor of a powerful and tuneful contralto which was heard to advan- tage in " Guiding Light" and ",The Dear Home- land." She sang with taste, aria for a recall gave "The Children's Home." At the risk of " wearing ' out her welcome," as the saying is,Miss Kate Bees- , ley appeared onco more,and the fact that she failed to get an encore slightly indicates that there can be too much of a good thing even at a popular con- cert. Her two recitations, " The Story of a Faithful Soul," and " A New Year's Party " were distinctly good,but the artiste's partiality for gesture was rather too noticeable to be the enhancement of the recital that it should be. Mr. Nelson Jackson is ra- pidly increasing his popularity in Warrington. He is undoubtedly one of the most accomplished hu- morists we see here, and though far from well on Saturday evening, he contrived to be funny enough to elicit roars of laughter from the audience. He is strong on anec- dotes and possesses a repertoire of choice stories that would be hard to beat. They are not "chestnuts," and the inimitable way in which he tells them is a striking feature. His best sketch was ''.Jellico's Play," an original melodrama of a sanguinary type, with a weird and wonderful plot, which completely convulsed his bearers. An ex- cellent tenor vocalist, Mr. A. F. Thornborough, one of the Chester Cathedral Quartette, was unfortun- ately rather "off form," and though he sang with fine expression " I am Waiting," and " Lova's Re- quest," his voice was plainly not at its best, and the songs met with but an ordinary reception. The accompanist, Miss Sophie Roberts, L.R.A.M. again displayed all that skill of adaptation to her task which has made her a favourite. Iler piano solo, "Polka de la Heine," was played with ability, and a finish of execution which was a high tribute to her powers.

KLINX.—• New white inorganic,Coment for Pottery, Porce- lain, &43.,64 andii. pc stage H. Of Chemista.—Adtt.

WFIAT CAUSES PIMPLES? Clcgging of the pores The little plug in the centre of the pimple is called a blackhead, grub, or comedone. The only real proven tive is ConCIIRA SOAP, the most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap in the world, as well as purest and sweetest for toilet, bath and nursery. It is the anly preventive of pimples, blackheads, red, rough, and oily skin, red, rough hande, with shapeless nails, dry, thin, and falling hair, and simple taby blemishes because the only preventive cf inflammation and dogging of the pores, the cause of minor affections of the sin, scalp and hair. Sale greater than the combined sale of all other skin and complexion seeps,

Warringtou.—Printed and Published by John W SLICES HO The Examiner General Printing Works, Beissey-street. and Published also at The Examiner Office, Victoria-road WIDNES ; High-street, RITNCOR 32, George.strest, ST HELENS • and 3 Ma litt-Etrtet,paiLEsiowx.—JlNuillY

I 7198. '

===== 0002601_18980107_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CONGREGATIONAL CH MICH.

ORDINATION OF THE PASTOR.

On Thursday evening, the ordination of the Rev. Joseph Oiborne, B A., the newly appointed minister cf the Bethesda Congregational Church, Runcorn, took place in the chapel, Fli gh-street. Prior to the ordination service a tea was held in the school room, there being a fair attendance. At the meeting in the chapel there was a large attendance including many of other denomina- tions. The Rev. F. Carter presided, and was supported by the Rev. Dr. Fairbairn, the Revs. J. Yonge, Rev. T. Cole, G. G. Whitfield, J. Osborne, 8.A., and the Rev. S. Wright, ex-president of the Methodist Free Church Con- ference and pastor o: the Methodist Free Church, Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18980107_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
DO NOT UNTIMELY Din SORE THROATS CURED WITH ONE DOSE. FENNINGS" FF.VER CURER. Bowel Complaints cured with One Dose. Typhus or Low Fever cured with Two Doses. Diptheri a cured with Three Dose Scarlet Fever cured with your Doses. Cholera cured with Five Doses. Influenzs cured with Sili. Doses. Sold in Bottles. Is. lid. each, with full direc- tions, by all Chemists. Read FERNINGS' " EVERYBODY'S DOCTOR." Sent post free for 13 stamps. A. YENNINGS, WEST COWES, I.W. 1

egIRISTADELPRIAN MEETING ROOM, SOLD- v STREET, (three doors from Sankey Srreetd. WAR- RINGTON —A LECTURE will be delivered in the above room a 6.30 p.m., January 9th. by Mr. S. F. WU:SON rot Stockport. SUBJECT: Christ, the Light of tke World." Beats free. No collections.

_ TAWD VALE SKELMERSDALE COLLIERY DISASTER RELIEF FUND. TWO SACRED CONCERTS WM be given in the PARR HALL TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), ZINTIAMIC 9TII, 1898, .LT 3 AND 8. ARTISTES i—Miss HETTIE MAWOSLEY, Miss GRACE THOMAS, Miss KATIE THOMAS. Mr.HARRY MUM, Mr. W. H. WALLINGTON. Miss KATE BEESLEY. Mies EDITH BIRCHALL, Miss U. K. SA.UL. Mr, a. 3. T. AINSLEY, Ac,co °Pen at 2al-30 and 7.30. Silver Collection.

THEU N B NIOANS OF DIANCHESTER, LIM- ITSI).-I.IOTICOI BIBBBBY GIVBN that a DM- . dend nt the rate of Twelve Shilllots per Share for the half- . ?oar endle.g tr,?...: )KoMBF. 1b97, -tree o iuccane tax, has been declared, and will be payable to the Shareholders on and after the lath JANUAIIY, 1898. F. W. MASON, General Manager. sth jannary, 1892. N.B.—The Transfer Books are closed till after the 12th instant.

pE MANCHESTER & LIVERPOOL DISTRICT • BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. NOTICE. —Au ORDINARY MEETING of the Share- holders of the Company will be held at the HEAD OFFICE, SPRING GARDENS, MANCHESTER, on WEDNESDAY, the 19TE MT OF JANUARY, 1898, at Twelve o'clock noon, to receive the Report of the Directors and the Balance Sheet Of the Company. as at 31st December, 1897, to declare a Dividend and elect Directors and Auditors. The Transfer Books will be closed from the sth to the 19th Instant, both Inclusive. ANDREW BENNIE, Manager. Manchester, Ist January, 1891

W• P. & W. SKELTON, LIMIrED JUBILEE BUILDINGS, WARRINGTON. Intending purchasers will do well to inspect our splendid stock of Cycles, all new for this season's trade. WE ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR SINGER'S WEST'S WOLFRUNA pERRY'S; and prices range to suit all classes. EASY PAYMENTS ARRANGED CYCLE LAMPS, BELLS, a d all accessories at bottom prices.

GIVER OF STEENGTH TO THE PEOPLE. ALNERA HERB TEA (Registered.) 10, S. GEORGE'S CRESCENT, LIVERPOOL. To be had from IiNOI7LEJ, Ch_nalat Cate Rees), 77, Bridge street, Warrington. THE NEVER-FAILING REMEDY FOR INFLUENZA., INDIGESTION, LIVER COMPLAINTS, JAUNDICE, ULCERATED LEas. SKIN ERUPTIONS, BAD BLOOD, BRIGHT'S DISEASE, AND IS AN ABSOLUTELY UNFAILING CURE FOR PILES.

SMITE'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Is 10. and 2s. Pd. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach head and kidneys; free the skin of tumours, purify the blood, regulate Cie bowels with comfort and safety, site: excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of loft, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Misr. curia's, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S.. 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN, BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. 10., per box, by post for 15 o.ampis ; a known cure, however bad the SMITH'S NVALUABLE PILE POWDER, AND PECTORAL .FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES, SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

E MIGRA.TiON TO CANADA. FREE GRANTS OF LAND FOR FARMS. ALSO CHEAP IMPROVED FARMS. Classes wanted :—Capltalists. Persons with moderate • incomes. Farmers, Farm Labourers, and Young Men desiring to learn Farming. Special arrangements for Domestic Servants. Canada exports largely Farm and Dairy Produce. Canada has gold ant other minerals in abundance; also immense forests, productive fisheries, important manufac- turing industries, the largest area of fertile land available for settlement In the world, and a growing import and export trade in all commodities. Pamphlets, Maps. reliable information and advice on all matters of Interest to intending settlers, and as to the trade and commerce of the Dominion, may he obtained, gratis a.,." Met free, on application t 6 the Canadian Government 4enzY 15. WATER-STREET, Liverpool, CORRESPONDENCE AND PERSONAL INTERVIEWS, INVITED.

- GOLD IN CANADA. 1K LONDYKE. - • All who desire information tetpeCting KLONDYKH and the GOLDFIILD3 of ONTAXIO and BRITISH COLUMBIA should write to ALLAN BROS. & CO., 19, JAMES-ST., LIVERPOOL, for their MAPS and LEAFLETS regarding the above and the AGRICULTURAL RESOURCES OF CANADA, WHICH IS erENT FLOM

- - - - -- iaSATILAITEALKINEREs. ROYAL LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WED/VERDI:. ftMAJESTIC Wed.. Jan. 12. 1 GERMANIC Wed.. Jan. 19. Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage rnaraed thus Steerage passage at low rates Including Outfit free of Charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. Apply to linear, ImarE, and On., 34, Leadenhall street, London ILO.. and 30. James-street. Liverpool. INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NOV YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND sLoukl take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at CO..OHN WALKER AND kj " EXAMINFR " OFFICE, WARRINGTON. , Co.,t JOHN WALKER AND __ f‘,. l• EXAMINER" OFFICE, VJ I _ _ A WARRIOTON. GENTS FOR ADELAIDE, MELBOULNE and SYDNEY i STEAMEI S from LIVERPOOL. , i I NITRITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. , i . .. k , . . ' \, • . 1, 1111111111111111

RECITALS.—" A Prince among Elocattentsts." " A highly talented Elocutionist."—" Cambridge Chron- icle." " Marvellous powers of Elocution" " Rugby Advertiser." " Held the audience spellbound."—" Ulvers- ton News." "A born Elocutionist." " Middleton Guardian." Completely ciptivated the audience "—" War- rington Observer." "In the front rank of living Elocution- ists."—" Peterborough Express "—Address BARIII9II BARNS- DALTC, EloCutionist, Rochdale.

RUrnIRES. FOR CURE OF ROFFORRS. T. lIGGINGTOWS Improved Hffectual TRUSS for Cur* of Rupture; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 & 9. Grosvenor-street Lon. don-road. Manchester.

- DELICATE SHADES OF HAIR ARTISTICALLY MATCHED, PRost £1 Is To £5. IMMOVABLE V nom I HAIR COMBINGS MADE SCALPETTES, f 21s. UP. 2s PER oz. T. S. BROWN, 3. LEECE-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

WEDDING AND BIRTHDAY PRESENTS. ALBO COINS, WAR MEDALS, AND ANTICOBS• On Sale, a Choice Selection of WEDDING and BIRTH- DAY PRESENTS in SILVER, SILVER PLATE, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY, and Miscellaneous. Also a The Selectien of RARE COINS, WAR MEDALS. ANTIQUES, CHINA, and BRIC-A-BRAC. OLD GOLD BOUGHT. V. S. PENFINGTON & CO., JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, NUMISMATISTS, AND DEALERS IN ANTIQUES, . 83—P.RNSI{AW-STREET, LIVEhPOOIz-03. Established 1819. Valuations for probate.

VIOLINS, BOWS, CAS IS, STRINGS, and every description of Fittings, of the Best Quality. G-. A. CHANOT, 48, GREAT DUCIE-STREET, SIANCHESiBR. PECIALITIES IN PAPER, AND PAPER BAGS. Cape 14 by 20, 71d. Reams 16 by 24, 10/d., 19 by 29. Is. 3d. Sweet Bags, los. 10d. 1,060; 2oz. is.. 4oz. is. 2d. Butter Paper, 138.6 d. Chee,e, 11e. Brown, Bs. cwt. Thin White, 13s. 6d. cwt Really good Note Paper, 40., 5 quires. Shop Books from sd. Stephens' is. Inks, 71d.. 26. do. Is. 5d., Id. bottles, 6d. Dozeu. Court Envelopes,from Bd., 250 Commercial 51-d ~Counter, 70., 250. LONGWORTES 4, A.ND 6, OAI-STREBT, Man- chester.

ESTABLISHED 1828. Wm. H & G-. H. DREAPER 96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS PIANOS HEARD BY STEIN WEG COLLARD & COLLARD, BRINSMEAD, HOPKINSON, BORD, AND ALLISON. THE CELEBRATED DREAPER PIANOS. ON EQUITABLE HIRE SYSTEM. GUARDING HIRERS FROM ALL RIsKS OF UNFAIR TREATMENT. FROM 7e. PER MONIH. CASH PRICES FROM 16 GUINEAS- -96, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 6457. Telegrams "Apollo."

THOMAS DOWDALL. 67, RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS NEW AND SECONDHAND CARPET AND FURNITURE DEALER The Cheapest and Best House in the City for good, reliable modern and genuine Antique Furniture. Press opinions say this Establishment is unsurpassed or style and assortment. INSPECTION INVITED.

UMBRELLAS UMBRELLAS M THE LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS. UMBRELLAS RECOVERED IN lILLF IN HOUR FROM 3s. 6a T. BRIERLET, 49, PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER.

pA RRY 'S GREAT FURNITURE SALE Catalogue now ready, post free on application to 20, DOWNING-STREET, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER. All Belle Vtle trams pass the door. Solid Oak Dresser, 11 drawers, glass handles £l 1 Mahogany cola, Gent's and Lady's Easy and 4 Small Chairs Stuff-back Dining-room Suite,in saddlebags, quite new 5 5 Solid Rosewood Drawing toom Suite of 9 pieces, in hair ......... . . 4 10 Solid Walnut Dining-room Suite of 9 Woes, real morocco 3 10 6ft. Itxtendlng Dining Table, with patent screw 1 6 Large Mahogany Wardrobe, with bevelled plate centre door ... . ................................................... . Pair of Mahogany Stands, fixed glass and marble slab, on castors 41t. Enclosed Wathstand and Dressing Table, with swing glass, sft. 2-door Wardrobe, three chairs and rail, the lot Handsome Burr Walnut Bedroom Suite, cost 93gs. Black and Brass Full-sized Bedstead and Mattress complete 0 14 Chippendale Drawing-room Suite, recovered in finest silk-------------------------------------------12 12 Several Chippendale Cabin.ts £5 10s.' £6 10 7 10 Old-fashioned 61 t. Sideboard. with 3 tier back 0 15 61 t. Dresser, Sycamore top. 7 drawers and cupboard 1 1 1 Handsome Chippendale Secretaire, with brass handles 3 6 Large Quantity of Oil Paintings, Bronzes and Clocks , Carpets, itx.

W INTER SALE. J. AND W. DUTTON, 16, 18 & 20, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. REDUCTIONS IN ALL DE PAR TMENTS.

T. HUNTER FOR CHRISTMAS CARDS. THE LATEST AND MOST ARTISTIC PRODUCTIONS FROM THE BEST MAKERS. PRIVATE CHRISTMAS CARDS IN THE LATEST DESIGNS. ----- 117, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

CRAM PTON'S GREAT WINTER SALE COMMENCES WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12ra. isss. DRESS MATERIALS, MANTLES, JACKETS, MILLINERY, AND FANCY GOODS. GREAT REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. P. P. CRAMPTON, LONDON HOUSE, 6, HORSEMARSET STREET, W ARRINGTON.

WEDDING RINGS.—Pure Guinea Gold 22- carat Wedding Rings ; largest stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from SEVEN SHILLINGS AND SIXPENCE to PIS TY SHILLINGS. All sizes and shapes, including the round and Half-round always in stock. A handsome present given to each pur- chaser. Finger size-cards post free.—EUSTANCIS AND CO. the Illuminated Clock, 43, Saiskey-street, Warringtka. Established 1864.

BEST BREAD, HOME CURED AND ROLL BACON, AND GIESE...RE CHEESE ON THE MARKET ST AUSTIN'S LEGH-STREET, EILLESTOVIN IF YOU WANT A SACK OF GOOD FLOUR ASK FOR PRICES. WILLIAM AUSTIN, BAKER, CORN, & PROVISION DEALER LEGH-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR A SHORT TIME. A VERY LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF BOOKS is now being offered 7y T• 11 • v/LARKE, EXAMINER" OFFICE, EARLESTOWN. PUBLISHED BY WARD LOOK AND BOWDON LONDON. At a Discount of 20 per cent. or 4s. In the Pound.

WIDOW WELCH'S FILLS FOR FSMALII COMPLAINTS. MRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its justeelebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained far it a most extensive and increasing demand Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION,—To be careful that what they purchase Is prepared by Mrs. Eimlthers, who Is the only person in possession of the OZIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Ou,side l4bal by Mrs. Smlthers, and the names of the bole Wholesale Agents," W. BDWAIWEI & Sox, 167; Queen Victoria-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Government Stamp. Sold In boxes at 2s. 9d. each, by most Chemists.

BUSINESS EXTENSION CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL. - HENRY MILES, THE LIVERPOOL GLOVER, HAS OPENED HIS NEW PREMISES AT THE CORNER OF CHURCH-STREET AND TARLETON-STREET, LIVERPOOL, (ADjOINING HI. 'LD ESTABLISHMENT), WITH A CHOICE A COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF ALL CLASSES OF LACES AND RIBBONS (PIECE AND MADE-UP GOODS), FANS, BELTS, GARTERS, AND UMBRELLAS. THE DEPARTMENTS AT 25 AND 254. CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL (Two doors from New Premises), ON THE GROUND FLOOR, ARE FABRIC, KID, AND SUEDE GLOVES, SILK THREAD AND WOOLLEN HOSIERY AND FURS. SHOWROOM (UPSTAIRS). CORSETS, SKIRTS, UNDERCLOTHING, DRESSING GOWNS. STOCKINETTE UNDERWEAR. BLOUSES AND SHIRTS. HENRY MILES, I GOA., AND 11 CHURCH-STREET AND 1, TARLETON-STREET (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL), LIVERPOOL.

UMBRELLAS, UMBRELLAS, UMBRELLAS. A Large and Varied Stook to Select from at all prices. UMBURLLAS RECOVERED. In SILK from 46. 6d. in half•an-hour. Trade Supplied. Established upwards of '4O years. OSEPH McCAELEY, 65, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. (two doors from Oak-street.) No connection with any other firm or traveller.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD (Late with W. Winstanley) JOINER AND BUILDER. WORKSHOP: NEXT TO RAILWAY ARCH, ROLLESTON-STREET, WARRINGTON. JOBBING ATIENDEE TO IMMEDIATELY. Rwsinewew:-5, PARK PLACE (near Infirmary).

CO., THE Wkj WARRINGTON SLAM 0., LD DINORWISI AND PIINRHYN SLATE MERCHANTS. COAL, CEMENT, PLASTER. STONE MERCHANTS. AGENTS FOR THE BUXTON LIME FIRMS CO., LD. AGENTS FOR ACRERS, WHITLEY k CO., LD., BICKERSHAW . COLLIERIES, HEAD OFFICE . Arpley Station, Warrington. Telephone 19, 1 Tel. Address, Arpley, Warrington. Warrington. ...._ --..4;73,15-, • kt,t44:Set. ii,,,•41,,, BOROUGH ON 4--.tkvroV7 wAlnutparozr. -Y,,•"br ,W.t? . ~,‘ • 4 41% .4" c W ARR'Ne ",,r,' ‘i (, (1 rt I. o EATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Twentieth Season. General Agent—Mr. WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON near Warrington. CI ORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MAN- CHESTER. , %.,j CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse, Excrement from Pail Closets, BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c., Delivered in bags. carriage paid, in 2 Ton lots within 50 miles and 4 Ton lots within 100 miles, at - £3 per Ton. Spacial price over 100 miles. Supply strictly limited. Orders shoula be given early In the season to prevent dis,ppointment. Full particulars from R. D. CALLISOcIeaN, nmnlgridoDOerparatrandentEsTtoawtnesh hail, Super- intendent,DaEn. Starnford-rd., Altrincham. Mr. a. H. NEWTON. West Derby, Liverpool. Mr. J. S. GALLAND. Brookflelds, Ruidiley, near Nan twlch.

----JAMES TOOLE, WARRINGTON. LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, ALLEN-STREET, moo to Wholesale Vegetable Market.) The HIGHEST PRICES paid for dead and worn-out esc. removed any distance up to 15 miles on horses, CO the shortest notice. BLOODFINE POWDERY CONDITION Alway hand, highest N AND BONE MANURES Highest Testimonials from the Leading Farmers of the district. ANALYSIS, SAMPLES, AND PRICES ON APPLICATION IR . SCRAP ON, METAL, and everything connected with a Marine Stores bought. Highest Prices paid. SLAUGHTER YARD, LONGFORD. _ Isranueststn 1870. - - son a

INSURANCE AGAINST ACCIDENTS OF ALL RINDS, ACCIDENS AND DISEASE. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY & FIDELITY GUARANTEE. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' A CAPITAL £I,OOO,OO6SSURANCE C. LOSSES PAID £3,800,000. lE 64, CORNHILL, LONDON. AGENTS. A. VIAN, Secretary. Warrin NeesedVo. Victoria Road Latchford St. Helens .....................Mr. J. B. LEACH, HArdshaw-street linutsford ..................................Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Banned] ........................... r. R. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge gto: ..... .. ..... C •rlcet (We o, lunr:w

D ' J. cOLLIS BRowNE'S CHLORODYNR. THT ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. Cis the best remedy known for Coughs. LORODYND coniumption, Bronchitis and Asthma. Oeffectually checks and arrests LORODYNE those too often tail diseases—Diphtheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. clithoßoDyNg acts like a charm in Diarrhoea U and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. Cgeffectually cuts short all attack, LORODYN of Epilepsy. HYsterla, Palpitation, and Spasms. niILORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- Oa, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis, Ac. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND CO., HOlMOalltle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Sects: tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and frern whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other sedatives ; th‘t it leaves no unpleasant after effects. Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera Lad been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DyNE.-_see Lancet, Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAurroN.—Vice-Chancellor Sir W. PAGE Woon stated that Dr. J. COLLIS HEOWNE was, undoubtedly, the inventor of •• CHLOKODYNIC " and that the story of the defendant FREguip, was deliberately untrue, which be regretted to gay had been sworn to—See Tim,', 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at I. lid., 25. ga., and 45. 6d. None is genuine without the wores '• siR. J COLLIS BROWN E'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ng MedicAl testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE HANITFICTIMERS :—d. T. D.VENI'ORT, 33, Great ussell-street, Bloomsbury, Leni

"A 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH," A thorooghly reliable all HA.ND-31 ADE SILVER ENG LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, cap ped,jewelled, and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SIVLER HALL-MARKED CARE 3, well finished and especially adapted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOR FIFTY SHILLINGS." This watchis timedto a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES ,COMPETIIION I A Bona- 'fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch. This watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price, to be obtained only from EUSTANCII AND Co., watchmakers THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B. Sent t oat-free to all parts of the United Kingdom, on receipt of P. 0.0.

DON'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—USE DON'T COUGH—USE There Is absolutely no remedy so speedy and effectual. One Lozenge alone gives relief; cask be takeu by the most deli cat° KEATING'S LOZENGES KEATING'S LOZENGES KEATINGS' LOZENGES If von cannot sleep for coughing, one Keating s Lozenge will set you right, Any Doctor will tell you they are UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. ..3ovo everywhere in tins 1140. each, or free on receipt of stamps from THOMAS KM ATING, Chemist, London

NEW YEAR GIFTS. EUSTANCE'S ANNUAL SALE COMMENCED ON DECEMBER 18r. and continues till the end of January. Bona-fide Discount of 2s. in the .C. MESSRS. EUSTANCE AND CO. Beg to announce their ANNUAL SALE, During [which ,the whole of their valuable and extensive stock of ENTIRELY NEW GOODS will be subject to a BONA-FIDE DISCOUNT OF 2. IN THE off their already low plain Sgure prices, A MAGNIFICENT ASSORTMENT OF THE LATEST SEASON'S NOVELTIES Specially suitable for NEW YEAR GIFTS, Inspection invited, irrespective of purchase. A Splendid range of I LI GOLD AND v.A MI SET JEWELLERY as fellows . GEM ENGAGEMENT RINGS from 3s. 6n. to £4O. GOLD SIGNET and KEEPER RINGS from 4s. to £4. 9 and 18-carat GOLD TWIST and COIL RINGS from 6s. to 50s. GOLD SCARF PINS, and PIN STUDS from 3s. 6d. to £lO. SOLID GOLD BROOCHES and EARRINGS, LINKS, STUDS. SOLITAIRES (hall-marked). LADIES' and GENTS' GOLD ALBERTS and GUARDS ' In 9, 15, and 18-carat (hall-marked), at lowest possible corapetitive prices. WEDDING RINGS SOLD BY WEIGHT ALL 22-CARAT GUINEA GOLD (hall-marked.) The great demand we have for WEDDING RINGS enables us to keep every size in the different weights always in stock. WE HAVE A SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF CLOCKS, And an Unequalled Selection of BRONZE ORNAMENTS And Presentation Committees will save money by purchasing from us, as we give special terms for all Presentation orders. WE HAVE a GRAND ARRAY, of SOLID SILVER ORNAMENTS, FLOWER STANDS, BRUSHES, HAND MIRRORS. TRAYS, BUTTON HOOKS, Shoe Lifts, Scents, Salts, and Toilet Bottles, CIGAR and CIGARETTE Cases, Match Boxes. Sovereign purses, Ire.. Ac. SOLID SILVER AND ELECTEO PLATE IN GREAT VARIETY. WATC HES. GOLD WATCHES, LADIES' and GENTS', From 50s. to £25. Our WATCHES are well-known all over the district, and our speciality SILVER ENGLISH LEVER, capped and jewelled, fitted in dust and damp proof cases, and warranted for 15 years, absolutely defies competition. OPTICAL GOODS. We have a carefully selected Stock of SPECTACLES and EYEGLASSES, from the very best recognised makers. Oculists' prescriptions accurately made up,and entire satis- faction guaranteed. BONA FIDE DISCOUNT of 2s. in the £. EUSTANCE AND CO., GOLDSMITHS, SILVERSMITHS, JEWELLERS, AND OPTICIANS. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SA.NKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1864.

GUINN ''..TSS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD alen BITTER ALES. &LLSOPP'S MILD slim BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHHATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Ale° Sole Agent for ANGLO-BAVARIAN AM HER ALE. WARDIMS HORRHOUND BEER

MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 105 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, Are now fully prepared with an Extensive Stock of NEW GOODS FOR AUTUMN AND WINTER WEAR. OVERCOATS, ALL THE LATEST STYLE. OVERCOATS, NEWEST MATERIALS AND COLOURS, OVERCOATS. READY MADE OR TO MEASURE. OVERCOATS, ARE SPLENDID VALUE THIS SEASON. OVERCOATS, oP EVERY DESCRIPTION FOR MEN, YOUTHS, & BOYS. OVERCOATS, WELL-CUT. WELL-MADE. GOOD TRIMMINGS AND SOUND MATERIALS, W INTER SUITS. THIS DEPARTMENT • IS WELL-SUPPLIED WITH ALL THE LAT- EST & UP-TO-DATE GOODS. WINTER SUITS, READY MAD. OR TO MEASURE. AA-TINTER suns, FOR MEN, YOUTHS. AND BOYS. END- LESS VARIETY. SEE WINDOWS. ALL OUR OWN MARE. THE LEADING CLOTHIERS. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 AND 10, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISICEL 1851. BIRRBECK BANK. Southampton But Wings, Cteuse.ery Lane, London, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per C.:ENT on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, on minimum monthly balances, wken not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT. For the encourazsment of Thrift the Bank receives small sum deposit, and allows interest monthly on each com- pleted 2. BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars post tree. FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

TO THOSE ABOUT TO 'MARRY WHY DELAY The HAPPY EVENT when you can FURNISH A HOUSE FOR TEN POUNDS At 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. See our BARGAINS in BEDSTEADS and BEDS, CHILDREN'S COTS, Ac.. WIRE MATTRESSES from 9s. 6d. each. WRINGING MACHINES (best ;mks) for Li 178.16 d. Join our FURNISHING CLUB Is. 6d., 2s. 6d., 3s. 6d., and ss. Weekly. THE LIVERPOOL BEDDING CO., 55, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

NEW YEAR GIFTS. SPECIAL BONA-FIDE DISCOUNT, 28. in the .e. W • WOODS AND SON (ALFRED WOODS), WATCH AND CLOCK MAKERS, GOLD AND SILVERSMITHS, AND OPTICIANS, SATS KEY STREET AND CORPORATION STREET, WARRINGTON. Splendid Stock of NOVELTIES for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. Every Description of SOLID SILVER and ELECTRO-PLATED GOODS, suitable for Presentations and Wedding Presents. SOLID SILVER ENGLISH LEVEE WATCHES, 425. Each. Warranted and Guaranteed. SPECIAL.-6Cs. EXTRA STRONG AND HEAVY SILVER LEVERS WATCH. WEDDING RINGS of Guinea Gold, from 7s. 6d. each upwards. SPECIAL BARGAIN.—HALL MARKED SILVER ALBERT, Over 1 oz., 6s. Only. Grand Stock of Beat OAK TIMEPIECES and QUARTER-CHIMA CLOCKS, from 255. MARBLE CLOCKS AND BRONZES in Great Variety, " TRILBY" CHAINS, with and without Hearts, from 2s to 70s. each. Please call and inspect at W. WOODS AND SON'S (ALFRED WOODS), SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 18.58.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The beat and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, la Canister 5d., 101.. and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GEDDES A.ND SON. WARRINGTON

ESTABLISHED:IIB33. A ,F N E S S . HEAD NOISES, EAR DISCHARGES, IX. IZONENE " (Regd.). A safe, effectual, and permanent cure for DEAFNESS and all diseases of the Ear and its various tributaries, irom what- ever cause arising. BLINDNESS. THH " IZONENE " EYE REMEDIES, For the cure of Cataract. Dimness of Vision. Weak Sight, Inflammation. Watery Eyes, Specks, Ulcers, Ac. The remedies are Mild and soothing in their application, powerful and gratifying in their operation. Have stood the test of three quarters 0 a r..ent•lrv, an.) are :laity performing rnitaculo.s cures. " Izonerre ',triumph. (with old or rang) everything fAils. One trial proves their efficacy. ' Either of these spetual remedies, price 24 9d., forwarded post free for 3s. Special directions for use accompany each package. Address to the proprietors only— THE " IZONENE " ItIiMEDY COMPANY, YORK HOUSE, PARK-STREET. LEEDS.

EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S pILLS. All who .suffer from Gout or hheurnatism should immediately EADE'S PILLS. have rezourse to BADE'S PILLS. Hundreds of Testimonials have EADrs 'mu. been tece.ved from all sorts and conditions of men testifying to EADE's pILLS. the wonderful power these Pills have in giving relief in the veto EADE'S pins. worstcases. These Pills are purely vegetable and perfectly sate in their action. INSTANT RELIEF AND RAPIDLY CURE THE WORST FORM OF GOUT, RHEUMATISM, RHEUMATIC GOUT. PAINS IN THE HEAD, FACE. AND LIMBS, And have the largest recommendation ever given any Patent Medicine of its class. GOUT •• 16,Burton-crescent Dewsbury. road, Leeds. May 2nd. 1894. _I HEUIfA T I S M "Dear Sir,—lt is with unkounded It pleasure I send you a few lines in GOUT waise of your most excellent Pills. , It. is six years since I first had I RHEUMATISM Rheumatic Gout, and I had three months in bed with it. Of course sl 'OUT I had the doctor, and he sweated lir me down almost to a skeleton. RHEUMATISM The attack, tk;exatndspwring as persuaded adnobtker y a GOUT friend to try your Pills. I did so, and am quite sure they prevented HE Me when I have beingilaidu fid he up again. ‘gaaint. ft,ef GOUT pain I have taken 2 or 3 Pills and I have been all right again RHE UMA T I S.Zd directly, . I WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT GOUT THEM IF THEY COST • ONE POUND A BOTTLE. RHEUM AT I S M ~Ybauataruesequylotu like e at liberty make of rtth t 4 is and I GOUT si•lall be pleased to answer any poor sufferer who cares to write RH E U MAT IS M n!e (enclosing stamped address). hing you every success, Yours truly, ALBERT MOUNTAIN." BADE'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS Are sold by all Chemists, in Bottles.. Is. lifel. and 21. 9d. or sent post free for Postal Order by the Proprietor, GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, E.C. Ask tor and be sure you. obtain EAMWS GOUT AND RHEU- MATIC PILLS. DI EADE S .1 ILLS.

MADAME DU VAL'S LAVENDER PILLS FOR LADIES. SPEEDY, SAFR AND CRRTAIN. IN BOXES 2s. 9,1. and 4s. Sdl. Post free. Secretly packed from MADAMS DU VAL. 47, ST. MARY'S CtIAMILIRS,.BT. MARY AU, LONDON, B.C.

THE ECLIPSE FEMALE REMEDY For the removal of Irregularities, Obstrucious and all Female Complaints in the course of a few hours. It causes no Pain, Nausea, or Prostration whatever. This marvellous Remedy has been prove& without a doubt o be the most effective Medicine ever introduced. The Laboratory, being under the supervision of a Medical Man, who, for the past 30 years. has made a epeeist study of ' Female Complaints, Ladies can rest assured of receiving most careful advice with each bottle of medicine. Advice sent gratis and post free by letter only on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. A lady writes : "Please seni ate a bottle of your farrous Mixture, for which I enclose 4s. fd. A friend has recommended tl:is as a most effective Medicine" Price 4s. 61 (post free) from • J. STEVENS, 55, CHANCERY E, LONDON, W.C.

DELICIOUS MAZAWATTEE versus COMMON TEAS.

fa- is the falsest of false economy to buy common Teas, which are an insult to the palate and wasteful in the extreme. MAZAWATTEE is the perfeetion of high-class Tea. It is fragrant to the palate and delicious in aroma, and, as it goes far in brewing, is economical in use. It never varies. It is sold in scaled rackets and tins only, by Leading Grocers throughout the World. HENRY MILLING & COMPANY, LIMITED. 6, HORSEMARKET-STREET, AND CORPORATION-STREET BUILDINGS, WARRINGTON. Wholesale and Retail Agents for Warrington. Carriage paid on 8113 s. and upwards by HENRY MILLING & COMPANY, LIMITED,

wwwwwv _ 'I , Olde HAF.Gu 7t,iv S j 144' Universally admitted to he the best value for money in Costumer y the World has ever seen. They arc all aupplied / m Two Good Du JOH rable Cloths : JO/IN NOBLE cßEvio r %Os" SERGE, weather resisting and weighty, and N NOBLE U COSTME COATING, smooth-surfaced and of lighter weight. PATTERNSu 1 .b,som% %li, ir.i ctea,!;;lpNa i,ee wr.OLs t,;tm. eeelli oact sbeenLt a t,.ltirl.l e^, h. oPOST FREE ="--" - <l..:' •••••: "• = • ' -..N A ,4. u staff . A FULL DRESS LENGTH (6 yards, 52 ins. wide) of either cloth sent for 7/6. Carriage, 9d ----'-- 'l, \ Ladies own designs made pin fabrics of their own choice, by John Noble's sta of skilled '''. ' modistes. A box of 1,000 Patterns of rich Dress Fabrics lent to select from and forwarded carriage paid. THREE GOLD MEDALS -,P,40k -,-- m ST awarded for excellence of design, material, make, and finish ....4\. SIZES IN STOCK nmairo, 1 ~.74,.....ii: are 28, 40, 42 inches round bust, under anus. Skirts being 33, 40, 42 inches long 1.12 front. Larger or special sizes, I/6 extra. giCSIIKII LiZ,;:4 111 : of aIICO CostumesLOUßS : i g ft' l': ' ~,,f '\ • —.,.. Black, Brown, Navy, t' , ill -,/ m n,R t\ \ )',.. sage, Myrtle, üby, ~.m.'„ • ~,,, •Clnnaon, Faw pup- ~.- 14, \ •" 4;,‘ •.' \ pie, Electric ancl Grey. •;=•tis, „4, ' V' ; :•‘`, 1 - ' Wall ..- -: ' c•-el', , 4'e ;;10.;_ RY:7 ^, • ~..... :,,,,, • .....•-- - ---• / /011.1114, • ,t.zy-4kl„ •,/ , r ! , 0 7',,!, 0 ,/ ii ) '% ' ir • illow- ,•••, -..v. _. ~_..1-,.7,7,-.F.-.---- ~' 4:''' 'lilt ' , I :%, , • ~\ • MODEL 876. Well made double - breasted Coat, . -; 4/ ' trimmed velvet collar and fashion- / able buttons. Tailor Skirt with 3 ME Lsa i _ box-pleats; .1 n 1 cs draping well. isIEtEA , _ tcm ' • !-- -- / __, . __-__ % tuP :mi e ee. LI ert6 p.- as ie 411 ,tu ,gi ad7e) eyP xl ple c .1, e asc Erci t 4, ealorncrl ,6,6. Carriage ad. JOHN NOBLE , RNOC/CABOUT //// MOURNING ORDERS / / •-' FROCK, , „ in the Half-Guinea Department, / " ideal School or TiolidaY 1 ' executed and despatched within ..!..".."'' f 2/ garment." 21 inches loni ' 12 hours. ././. in front. ife Price 1/ / , • ti '' and 6d. It Dr for every Bankers: three inches longer. __,,, , / / , “London & midiznd,, Ba,k. 8 Carriage 4d. Well knit- ---- ----,--- , -.... MODEL 802. ted cap (as sketch) for 1/-. (all shades). Ladies v Please mention this A well made Half-Guinea costume, well-knitted wool... Ta- newspaper when smart Bodice, full front, with box- o'- Shanter " Caps, same i ',lasts and 1 fl/efancy buttons. price. MODEL 812. ordering. 'lade I VI U Skirt with 'leafs. - -vn- MODEL 812.—Smartandserviceable young lady's The genuine hariestly made __ . mode. well - cut lined Bodice, trimmed Russia - • . var,d; made Skirt.3s 38 42 46 inches long in John 'time can r ' 81-9/- 10/111/6 each. from— BROOK ST. MA MILLS, re I

THE MISSES HEMMER, Sen. HOP. Cert, R.A.M., -I- 23, WILSON PATTEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. SCHOOL'will Re-OPEN, D.V., JANUARY 18TE. Fees, Lists of Passes Ste.. on application. _ _ _

- _ WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL.—POULTON-LB-PYLDE. 3 miles from Blackpool. Highly recommended. Ex- cellent education. Large detached house. Happy home. Resident Engligh and Foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Principal.-le2 ROGERSON. Governess- Pupil wanted.

LYTHAM AND FAIRHAVEN COLLEGE (for girls), LYTHAM. VACANCIRS FOR BOARDERS. NEXT TERM JANUARY 24TE. Fees moderate. Prospectu3es and View of College on Application to THE PRINCIPAL.

WESTLANDS, BI RKDALII, SO UTHPORT.-01d-eBtal)- llshed SCHOOL for GIRLS. Large detaehed house lofty rooms ; over 2 acres of ground. Tennis, cycling, hockey, swimming. riding. Trained certificated Teachers in resi- dence. Good visiting Masters. Mies HAND, L.L.A.. At M.C.P.

'ARRINGTON GRAHMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM will begin on TUESDAY. JANUARY IST, 1898. The HEAD MASTER will be at Home to interview Parents 011 SATURDAY, JANUARY 15Tli, and MONDAY, JANUARY 17Tkr Prospectus Ac. en application.

ROSENEATH, WREXHAM, N. WALES, HIGH-CLASS SCHOOL FOR GlliLS._PrinoiPa MISS EVANS and MISS JONES, assisted by Miss Eveline Iredale, Fritullen Thumm, and others. First class Masters. Splen- did modern mansion, standing Ia four acres of ground ; two tennis lawns, school library, gymnasium. perfect sanitation. Good modern methods. Every attention paid to the health and comfort of pupils. Very successful in examinations. For terms and prospectus, apply as above.

A N C HES TER GRAMM AR SCHOOL. Fee £4 4s. per Term. The NEXT TERM tvgins TUESDAY, JANUARY 18th, 1898. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION— MONDAY, JANUARY 17th, 1898, at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, Forms of Application. Ac.,lmay be had at the School. OWEN W. COX, Receiver. N.B.—The Boarding-house In connection with the School is situated at Higher Broughton.

STATIONBEY. kANCY GOODellSitt LIBRARY, a genuine eBtablished:7;4MS for DISPOSAL, stook optional, MOE hi Edge Hilt—Apply A. B. Davlzs, 8, Liverpool.

\NTANTBD, Zinc, Tin, Lead, and Solder Ashes; Flux Skimmings, Brass Scrip, Tea Lead and Zinc Scrap for prompt call.— WOLVERHAMPTON .METAL CO., Wolverhampton.

(111IMNEY SWEEPERS.—Wanted, four Experienced MEN and APPRENTICE. to live in, at once.—Jonir CHORLTON, 15, Friday-street, Stevenson-square, Manchester, Telephone 2,651. Ring up orders Wended to.

COPPULL MIXED NATIONAL SCHOOL.—WANTED, ASSISTANT MISTRESS for Standard III„ Drawing and Singirig desirable. Need not be certificated. Salary £45 to commence.—Address VICAR, Coppull, ChOrley.

50 0 AwTllsbeleap °, Et 7dll. revfitardTbEyD q; 6.3er,tuerriit; ELT. ments with interest ; wnole security ts remain in hands of lender until last payment is made.—H. PADFIELD. 110. Huskisson-street, Liverpool.

WANTED to represent a well-known Arm of Wine Mee chantsa GENILENIEN WITH ESTABLISHED CON- NECTION. Liberal terms to a Capable Energetic Man. Re- fences and Security required.—Apply JOSIAH STALLARD. AND Sims, Limited, Wine Merchants to the Queen, Worces• ter.

THE PROVINCIAL DOME 3 INVESTMENT CO., LIMITED, require additional REPRESENTATIVES. The system adopted by this Company, is an easy and safe method of becoming your own landlord with less than is usualiy paid as rent: to suitable applicants,a good opening,— Apply, 2 MOUNT-STREET, itlanchester.

MRS. ROSE'S FAMOUS FEMALE AIi:CPURE Will positively remove the most OBSTINATE ORSTRUC TIONS, irregularities, etc., in a few doses. Guaranteed the most powerful and strongest on earth. P`ailure is impossible It acts like magic in the most long-standing and intricate obstructions. Ladies will save time, trouble, and exense by coming to an experienced Spscialist Ist first. Fest free under cover. securely packed, with full directions, and advice. FOUR :MILLINGS AND SIXPENCE P with WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF DURK. Thousands of Testimonials like the following. Full name and address will be willingly given per Bottle " For FIVE MONTHS I have been trying pills, medicine tabules, and other mixtures in vain, but one bottle of your pleasant remedy put me all right again."—Mrs. J. " Have tried nearly every advertised remedy for over FOUR MONTHS, but your's cured me with one bottle. Shall be pleased to answer any lady as to the truth of this."—Mrs. M If you are in sloubt as to which remedy to send for, write for my 100-paged book of Testimonials. showing you why the others cannot cure you. Mos. ROSE, 2, ARTII,JR.TERRACE, LOWER-ROAD, LONDON, S.R.

THE PARK BAKERY, • SANKEY STREET, FOR VIENNA BREAD, CaRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CAKES, ICED AND PLAIN MINCE PIES, AND SCOTCH SHORTBREAD. Baked in the " PRITON " PATENT STEAM OVENS.

Manufactured from the Finest Selected Growths of Virginia. MILD AND FINE CUT (Green Label), Specially adapted for Cigarettes ; MEDIUM AND COARSE CUT (Yellow Label), Strongly recommended for Pipe Smoking. (Both kinds are sold in 1 oz. and 2 oz. Square Packets and lb. Patent Air-tight Tine.) "THREE CASTLES" CIGARETTES. 44 THREE CASTLES' CIGARETTES. 66 rrIIREE CASTLES" CIGARETTES

___ MILD AND FRAGRANT. W. D. & H. 0• W ILLS, LTD BRISTOL AND LONDON.

THE UNIVERSAL FURNITURE STORES, 59, 61, 63, CHURCH-STREET, WARRINGTON' Complete HOUSE FURNISHERS, BEDDING MANU- FACTURERS. Dealers in New and Second - hand FURNITURE, DRAWING-ROOM and DINING-ROOM SUITES, CARPETS, HEARTH RUGS, OVERMANTELS, EARTHENWARE, CHINA, CLOCKS, ecc. Weekly Payments Taken' on any ARTICLE in STOCK at THE UNIVERSAL, CHURCH-STREET. The following are a few Special Lines :

Y heavy Solid Walnut Payments taken. T CABINBT latest design, raised bevelled panel to cupboard and drawers, handsomely carved back, centre and side mirrors, very low 27 P 7 price S. OD.

DEDROOM SUITE in Satin Wal- Payments taken. XI nut, jewel boxes and swing glass to dressing chest, marble slab and tiled back washstand. Entirely Di 9 100 new. Iteduced price S.D.

JJANDSOIIII Marble CLOCK Payments taken. and Pair of elaborate Bronze Horses, exceedingly,low price, the 22 15 lot only S. D.

WRINGING and MANGLING Payments taken. MACHINE, very latest ap- pliances, underneath screw, best wrougnt iron frame, Lignum Vit roller. cannot be bought anywhere £1 at the price. S. On.

OVERMANTLE desig-n for 1893 Payments taken decidedly newest shape, not seen before in town, Solid walnut handsomely carved,very beat British £3 15 0D Plate,Entirely English Manufacture. S.

AIASSIVE Walnut SUITE, up- Payments taken. holstered In best American leather, carved back chairs, very g 7 S. OD. highly finished, lowest possible price

LINOLEUMS and OILCLOTHS in great variety. Very large stock to choose from at lowest prices ever offered to the Public beim a, guaran- teed English Manufacture. Lino- leums from 2s. 3d. per yard 2 yards wide. Oilcloth Is. 30. per yard 2 yards wide.

LARIHIENWARB and China.—Seconds £2 crate : Bests 1 £3 ;or will send 15 dozen seconds articles for 17s. 6d. ; write for lists.—WEßß AND Co., 6taffordshire Potteries, Longton.

plLßS.—Hundreds successfully cured by EASEL'S ILI3S. Well worth a rpound a box. Sold at is.; post free is. Id.; by Chemists or proprietor.—SPEDDlNG. Bone- setter, Batley.

ABTROLOGY :—Your Future Foretold,Marriage, Children. Changes in Circumstances, Journeys, Legacies, &c. Send date of birth. 12 stsmps and stamped envelope.—Mr. COLE, 30, Cheltenham-place, Brighton, Sussex.

STORB PIGS. Large quanti`y of fine healthy Store PIGS, direct from breeder from El upwards, no extra charge, for delivery within ten miles. Intending buyers should see these Pigs before buying elaewhere.—HENTHoaxn, Pig Saler- man, Leigh, Lancashire.

CAIGAZITIC CLHARANCH SALB.—Dress Materials, Bd., l_T Is., is. 6d., so., per yard. Also Calico, Flannel, Blan- kets, Sheets, &c.ota. Sala Price List. Particulars of £5O Cash Prize Competition and Patterns Free.—LuTas, LEATH- IarY and Co., Armley, near Leeds.

LOOK MUIR I—Straight !rem the manufacturer. War- ranted Sheffield Cutlery. Imitation Ivory-handled Des et Knives, 3s. 6 1. half-dozen ; Tables. 4s. half-dozen ; Carvers, 4s. pair. Carriage paid for cash.—W. HENRY PERRY 163, Rockingham-street, Sheffield.

FINWOOD.—An excellent supply of best, white, clean, N dry Norway Spruce and Fir chips and cuttings (about two tonsweekly) for disposal to regular customers. Moderate figure for contract.—Apply JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS, Limited, Bank Quay, Warrington.

PLENDID INVBSTMENT for One Shilling. —Six bona- . fide Trade ftecipes, any one of which wiil yield a profit of twenty shillingsand upwards per week. The above sent post free on receipt of 12 penny postage stamps.—Address Y. /BATEMAN, 12, Fairlawn-st., Moss Side, Manchester.

QPORT—Boys' Own Guns, 2s 3d; American Pocket Cate- pults, Is 3,1, kill birds, rabbits, Ac Noiseless Rabbit Rifles, 9s ; Pocket Rifles, 9s 6d ; Noiseless Cartridges, Is 6d LN). Shooting, Fishing, and Sporting requisites, Games Ac. Lists Id, carriage paid.—John EfiGLESTON, Naturalist, Sunderland.

BOOTS, SHOES, and SLIPPERS. Wholesale and Retail. Ladies', Gents, Youths and Children's. strong, medium and light. SPECIALITY.—Men's strong hand, ewn Boots, all goods warranted solid leather, single pairs at Warehouse Prices. Write or call and save from lb to 2.5 per cent.—R. BURGES3, Boot and Shoe Manufacturer, Bridgewater Viaduct, 63, Chester-road, Manchester.

VOCAL and INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC for winter even- ings at &hag away roices. Full size, correctly printed. Including. Washington Post, Blake's Grand March, Cinderella Waltz, Stephanie Gavotte, Come Along Polka, Gipsy Countess, Farmer's Boy, Vill.ge Blacksmith, Annie Laurie, Braningan's Band. The whole lot, post free for one shilling. Amazing value.—THE BAZAAR CO., 29, St. Peter-st., Huddersfield.

TO PICTURE-FRAME MASERS AND DECORATORS. 1111 MORELL,I7 and 18. Great St.Andrew-st.,Bloomsbnry, W.C. Cheapest House i London for English and Foreign Picture-Frame andßoomn Moulding, Veneered and Fancy Wood Mouldings, &c. Whole&le Carvers and Gilder and Mount Cutter. egilding. Spescial attention to country orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Books just ono- ilshed, 107 pa ges containing all the newest designs for six penny stamps, Glass Lists Free monthly. Telegram RRY, London."

lIOUSE FOR SALE ; freehold; 38, Clifton Park, Birken- head ; semi-detached ; containing three entertaining rooms, seven bedrooms, and storeroom, with all modern conveniences ; price, £I,SOo contains larder, wine cellar, large coal cellar.' • just let at ZBO ; basement wash-house, with a good deal of stot age ; first ground floor contains three large rooms, with fancy conservatory communicating with one room, butler's pantry ; vestibule doors in rooms butler's pantry and vestibules era all mahozany ; the kitchen and scullery are on this floor ; first floor ; there are lye bedrooms, and two lavatories, w.c., and bathroom ; second floor : there are two bedrooms aud one storeroom ; from this floor there is • door leading on to the roof, which is partly flit, and from which you have a splendid view of sea and land; the house is built on about LOGO square yards of land, and is freehold; it stands on an elevated position, is in first-rate order and well suited for a large family or losig- ing housekeeper—Orders to view may be obtained from H. PADFIELD, 110, Huskisson-street, Liverpool. -----

IT WILL PAY YOU TO NOVI THIS. HpAa.VBßedaou? oufansetrityLeoffor thOoooder s. 26a. Light Waterproof Sheets, 61t by 31t 5 0 , 6ft by 6ft patterns. GOODS . SIRNT Heavy Large Dark 134ey Waterproof Cloth Capes 7 6 Large Dark Grey Waterproof Overcoats, any size Patent Adjustable Headstalls, with lead attached 1 6 Horses' Nose Bags, with viie Leather straps 3 0 Good All-Wool Rugs, 41b weight, Bft by 61t 3 0 Waterproof Horses Loin Cloths, 461 n by 421 n 2 0 White Rubber Sheets, brass eyelet hoses, 461 n by 42 in 2 0 Very Strong Leather Leggings, per pair 1 0 Pocket Filters, as used by British Officers 1 0 Shoulder Bags, large, with shoulder straps Government Traces, 10ft.' 75.; 6 ft., 60• Pair- 6 6 Horses' Neck C Alan, all leather, any size Splendid Stout New Leather Driving Reins, 251 t in 2 6 Very Strong Alt-Leather Horses' Head Collars length ..................... .. . ... Any of the above, Carriage paid to your hOtne front H, J. CIASSON, tiovernment Contractor, RYE.

ARMY BLANKETS GIVEN AWAY.—Special Grey,Fancy Border, size 70 inches by 50 inches. All pure Wool and have only been used once, being practically new. Are much warmer than ordinary Blankets at double the price, and wear as long again. One Blanket 2s. lid, post free. For order of half-dozen one extra will be given, and for orders of one dozen, two extra. A specially stout Officer's Blanket 6s. 6d. each post free. Cost 20s. Same conditions for half and dozen lots. ARMY BELL TENTS, only a little soiled. 501 t. circumference and 10ft, high with poles, pegs, lines, runners, mallet and bag all complete, 30s. each. Buy before season commences, thereby getting the best.—Address POTTER. Camp Equipment Works, Wolverhampton.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. ROOM G -UOUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without znternal medicines. HOOPING COUGH - Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 48. per bot t 1 e. Sole Wholesale Agents: BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, CROUP London.

Telephcne No. 5.e: ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, - gs to announce that he has removed his Offices to;the more . convenient premises NO. 11 BANS STREET, The laround IFloor of the Central Sale Rooms.

THOMAS COWDELL, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, 45, SCOTLAND-ROAD, WARRINOTON. Sales by Auction arranged and conducted on reasonable terms Valuations for Executors Transfer. Life and F; re Insurance effected with prompt settlement.

C-- RAN& AND SONS High-class PIANOS and ONGANS are the best and cheapest for cash, easy terms, or ea- changed.—Apply at once to J. P. KILGALLON, 62, John-it., Agent for Warrington and District.

CHRISTMAS MUSIC. BUY YOUR PIANOS at WADSWORTH'3 ORGANS at WADSWORTH'S MUSIC at WADSWORTH'S VIOLINS at WADSWORTH'S MANDOLINES at WADSWORTH'S GUITARS at WADSWORTH'S BANJOS at WADSWORTH'S AUTO-HARPS at WADSWORTH'S MELODIONS at WADSWORTH'S MOUTH ORGANS at WADSWORTH'S STRINGS and FITTINGS at WADSWORTH'S. CASH OR HIRE SYSTEM; BEST TEEMS. You know the address : OPPOSITE THE PARK, WARRINGTON.

SMITH'S, 34, OXFORD STREET, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MAIICHESTER Without doubt the BEST and CHEAPETT House for Pianos or Or gi:7 by all the Great Makers. lANOS at 10/6 } " Till Pala ORGANS at 5/6 for. Second-hand Instraments at Lower Rates. Nothing supplied but what is of the very best quality. DELIVERED FREE ANYWHERE on receipt of First Month's Hire. Send for Illustrated Price List, or. what is better still, call on SMITH personally any day up to 7 p.m. SATURDAY 8. RAILWAY FARE ALLOWED TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS. SMITH'S PIANO. "THE MASTERPIECE." This Instrument is the embodiment of all that is go d in quality, material, style, and inish, and R the Piano par excellence. SMITH refrains from say- ing anything more as to the many virtues of this Instrument, but leaves the discriminating public to dilate further upon its merits. One Guinea Monthly till paid for. Guaranteed ten years. If it is true that "Good wine needs no bush," 'Tis also true that "Good pianos need no push." Shakspeare and Smith—. As You Like It." SMITH'S NEW "LIFE INSURANCE SCHEME Every instrument on SMITH'S Hire System is insured free of charge during the hiring, to the extent of the full value of he instrument, and should the hirer's death ensue in the meantime the instrument will be absolutely made over to the nearest relative of the hirer without any further payment whatever, no matter what the amount still *wing may be. provided there are no arrears of hire at the time. No addition what- ever is made to the ordinary price. This is a perfectly genuine seheine,and there is no trick or catch about It. WHEN you GO TO BUY A PIANO HAVE A FRIEND AT YOUR ELBOW WHO UNDERSTANDS THEM.

FACTORIES :-88 AND 179, OXFORD ROAD. MANCHESTER.

ONE HUNDRED pIANOS TO SELECT FROM. cA uTI 0 N. WORSLEY'S LIMITED, have only One Pianoforte Show- room in Manchester. Viz., " THE PANTHEON," GAY- THORN, MANCHESTER, where they keep a Judiciously- Selected Stock of Pianos by the best known English and Foreign Makers. During the BALE, which is now in progress, we are offer- ing the following Instruments by makers of repute, at 25 per cent. below the usual price they are sold at. They are all new and in spotless condition. Sale Price. PIANO, Upright Grtnd, by SCHIEDMATER, and SOEHNE,iron frame, underdamper check action, In handsoine walnut Case £4s PIANO. Upright Grand, by ERNEST RAPS, iron frame, underdamper action, Panzer sstem. in handsome rosewood case 240 PIANO, Upright Grand, by KIRKMAN. iron frame, undordamper check action, In handsome walnut Case £4o PIANO, Upright Grand, by ROSENKRANZ, iron frame. tinderdamper check notion, rosewood frame 240 PIANO, Upright Grand, by JUSTIN EROWNE,iron frame, in splendid walnut case £36 PIANO, Upright Grand, by WINIELBNIAN, iron frame, underdamper check action, handsome rosewood case PIANO, Upright Grand, by J. and J. HOPKINSON, iron frame, in handsome walnut case £3s PIANO, Upright Grand,by IBACH,iron frame, check action in splendid rosewood case £3s PIANO. Upright Grand, by CHALLEN & SON, Iron frame, check action, walnut case £.32 PIANO, Upright Grand. by HOELLING & SPAN- GENBERG. iron frame, check action, burr wal- nut case PIANO, Upright Grand, by HAAKE, iron frame, cheek action, rosewold case PIANO. Upright Grand by Gons a HALLMAN, iron frame, check action, burr walnut case £2l3 PIANO, Upright Grand, by HENRY WARD, iron frame, check action, walnut case £2s PIANO, Upright Grand,by NICOLAS ERARD,Paris, iron frame, check action, walnut case PIANO. Upright Grand, by HIRSCHFELD, iron frame, check action, in handsome walnut case £2s PIANOS, Upright Grande, by NEUMEYER, iron frames, 3z • from £26 to £43 PIANOS, Upright Grande, by BRETSCHNIDDER, Iron frames, 10 from £26 to £4O In addition to the above bargains we wish to call special attention to the four folic wing new models, with iron frames. pin plates, over or underdamper action, in handsome walnut cases with Marqueterie and gilt panels, the best value ever offered to the Public. The "LONG REIGN" Model £lB The "CHALLENGE "Medal £2o The" DUKE OF YOR K "Model £2l The" PRINCESS" Model WORSLEY'S have also OVER FIFTY SRO:IND-HAND PIANOS, by all the well-known makers, from 30s to £23. All instruments are sent out in good condition, carriage paid, and will be exchanged if found unsatisfactory. Easy payments fromlOs. monthly. Old pianos bought or taken in exchange. WORSLEY'S, LIMITED, "THE PANTHEON." GAYTHORN. MANCHESTER. All City Road cirs pass Business hours, WURSLEY'S. 9 to 7, stab. 1861. Telephone 1481.

KEATING'S k'OWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. KEATING'S POWDER. Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles. Xlls Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles. Rills Fleas, Bugs, Moths,lßeetles. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. THE UNRIVALLED K.ILLER. THE UNRIVALLED KILLER. Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths. Beetles (Harmless to everything but In- sects) Sold only in tins. 3cL, 6d., and Is. only be sure you do get " Keating's." WORMS IN CHILDREN, WORMSIN CHILDRB.N. Are easily, surely, and with perfect safety got rid of by us- ing KEATING'S WORM TABLETS (has no effect except on worm). Sold by all Chemists, in This, Is. lid. ,each.

FRANCIS J. DELL, HOUSE DECORATOR, AUTHORIZED PLUMBER, GLAZIER, CHOICE SELECTION OF WALL PAPERS Always in Stock. ESTIMATES SUPPLIED. 30, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAINS! A NEW DEPARTURE! GOODS DIRECT FROM THE FACTORY TO THE PURCHASER, AT THE NEW DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 401 BUTTERDIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. RETAIL QUANTITIES CAN BE HAD AT WHOLESALE PRICES. A LARGE STOCK OF BOYS' AND MEN'S SHIRTS AND SHIRTINGS, GRANDRILLS, &c. ALSO SKIRTS AND SKIRTINGS, FLANNELETTES. A LARGE VARIETY OF APRONS. LADIES', UNDERCLOTHING, &C., ex. NOTE PRICES. BOYS' SHIRTS (Cotton or Flannelette,) from 3d. MEN'S SHIRTS „ f t ~10}d. BOY'S UNION SHIRTS ... 105. MEN'S UNION SHIRTS ~ 2s. WOMEN'S APRONS ... „ 21d. SHIRTING TO BE GIVEN AWAY! To every purchaser of one of our Ctiebrated Oxford Shirts, which we are selling at the marvellously low prices of la. 105. and 25., will be given, entirely free of Cost, yard of the same material. THE LARGEST AND CHEAPEST STOCK EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC OF WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT. Compare Our prices with so called" Sale" or " Bankrupt Stock "prices and judge for yourselves. DON'T FAIL TO SECURE SOME OF THE GREAT • BARGAINS OFFERED AT CORNS' NEW DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, 40, LIITTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

()EWING OF NEW PREMISES. MILLINERY! MILLINERY! MRS. TONQUE begs to announce to her friends and the public generally that she has opened the Premises 41, MERSEY-STREET. WAREINWON. as a Millinery and Draper Establishment, and hopes to receive a share of their patronage.

UMBRELLAS. UMBRELLAS. UMBRELLAS ALL THE LA.TEST NOVELTIES. UMBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RECOVERED n lhalf-an-hour from 3s. 6d. T. BRIERLEY, (from ,Walmaley's) 49, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

VIOLINS, BOWS AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, so., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37. RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PET ER COTTON. ROPE AND /WINE MANUFACTURER. Sacking, Canvas, Stack corners, Netting Curled-hair, 011 Sheets, !sc., Ac. TENTS and MARQUEES for Sale or Hire. SPORTS, Picnics. Lc., fitted complete. 6, CHESTER'S-YARD, WIN WICK-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Lowest Possible Price for Cash. BUY OUR WELL-KNOWN STANDARD MAKES. WHERE TO BUY GOOD CYCLES. CARPENTER'S DEPOT contains the best Machines Manufactured— WORLD-FAMED ROVERS, Premiers, New Rapids. Sparkbrooks, Rothwells, Robin Hoods, Galatea', Reforms, to. LADIES' CYCLES A SPECIALITY. Price" to suit all. Lamps and Sundries cheap. All fully guaranteed. Sole Depot, CARPENTER'S, 53 RENSEA.V7-BTREET, LIVERPOOL. Carefully note address.

DISEASES OF THE EYE CURED WITHOUT OPERATION BY WILLIAM MELLOR. This eminent Eye Specialist has gained reputation of being the most successful Specialist practising in England. He has had over 20,000 successful, cases since he commenced practice. He has been presented with gold medals and illuminated addresses from cured patients, and has restored the sight of many persons who have been totally blind for upwards of 20 years. During the last twelve months in Manchester. this eminent specialist has cured nearly 700 people from various diseases of the eyes,many 01 them having been under the local doctors for years, and who were . after that time as blind as when ey first went under treatment, yet after being with Mr. Mellor for a few weeks they leave been Thoroughly Cured, and have expressed their thanks by sending him many testi- monials. Mr. Mellor wishes it to be tkoroughly understood that he is the ONLY EYE SPECIALIST IN ENGLAND THAT WILL GUARANTEE TO EFFECT A CURE IN EVERY CASE HE UNDER- TAKES, and under, no circumstances will he under- take a cams which is hopeless. His address is. 286, OXFORD STREET, Con-M., MANCHESTER. ADVICE IN ALL CASES FREE OF ;CHARGE. HOURS. 9-TILL 12. 2 TILL 5,17 TILL 9. FRIDAYS. 9 TILL 12 A.M. ONLY WE T FOR TESTIMONIALS, POST FREE.

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH OASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. fsTD 41, DALE-STREET, AND • 12, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

OIITHPOET, SIIINNYSIDE HYDRO.—Physidan, DR BARNARDO, desirable Winter Residence, one of the handsomest b II hags In Southport; centrally situated; replete with every comfort ; fine Sea view. near Parks, Pier, and Trams. Terms from 73. 6d. per day, including Turkish, Russian, and other Baths, Massage and Galvanism- -J. DOCCOCK. Proprietor.

LONDON. ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40 LUDGATII HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. ROME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL. FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. London Temperance Hotel Co,, Ltd. Proprietors.

HOTEL-KEEPERS SHOULD WRITE TO CHARLES SOUTHORN& CO., LTD. FOR AN ESTIMATE When requiring NEW CARPET'S, PuRNITURB, REUP- HOLSTERING, or EEISIARING of OLD BEDDING, &o. Designs and Patterns Sent on Application, Note Addrass,—CHAßLßS SOUTHORN & CO., LTD., 38, 40, and 42, BASNETT-STREST, LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 6367.

2150,000 ' t ADVANCEDfrom " on E MORTGAGE t) be SUMS to suit BORROWERS in any part of the COUNTRY.— J. W. READER, 6, Cook-st., Liverpool, Telephone 6,182.

T E OLDEST ADVANCE OFFICE IN MANCHESTER. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO 0 £5l" 1 upon PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY at much lower inter , than usually charged. Repayment arranged to suit Jr- towers' requirements. Genuine and extensive business done for 25 years past. No Bills of Sale taken.---Apply or w rite for terms to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy st., Manchester.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MR. JOHN E. GOODWIN oontlaues to make ADVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men. and all respectable Henseholders, on their own security. sIONRY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, Without public enquiry. in your simple written promise to pay back.—Apply r t VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES. au d in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane my Evening. Applications from RUNCORN and District senerally receive precisely the same attention.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED. Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO Head Office: 38, RENSHAW-STREW, LIVERPOOL. £lO to £5.000 advanced upon Promissory Notes, Deeds, Policies. Shares, Ac., at the following scale of charges : £lO repayable ss. weekly—Entire interest 14s. 93. £5O „ 20s. „ £3 Bs. 6d. £l.OO 40s. £6 16s. Od, Any other Sum at Proportionate Rates and special terms of repayment arranged it desired. Bills discounted. Further particulars by letter, or on personal application, RICHARD DAVIES, Manager. N.B.—Deposit accounts opened. Interest allowed from 210 4 per cent, per annum payable half yearly.

FIEL DIN G'S LIMITED. BILL DISCOUNTERS AND FINANCIERS. . LOANS £3 TO £500• DAILY TO ALL RESPECTABLE HOUSEHOLDERS, and others, with or without sureties and STRICTLY PRIVATE. Also LOANS granted on ordinary Life Assurance Policies, Reversions, Freehold and Leasehold Property. £3 repayable 1/6 per wk. £l5 repayable 7/6 per wk. £5 „ 2/6 „ £2O „ 10/- „ £lO 5/- „ £25 ~ 12/6 „ Letters with a stamp will receive prompt attention. Office hours 9 to 5, Satvity, 9 to 1. APPLY TO JOSEPH W ADSWORTH, District Agent, 121, MERSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON

THE BELFAST HOUSE. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST) LIMITED DEG to inform their former patrons and the Pub- l.) lio generally that they are showing in their NEW BRANCH WAREHOUSE TREET, LIVERPOOL 76, BOLD S a large Assortment of their celebrated HAND WOVEN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETINGS, PILLOW LINENS, TOWELLING, CAMBRIC POCKET HAND- KERCHIEFS, ALSO GENTLEMENS' SHIRTS, COLLARS a GuEF3 AND LADIES' AND CHILDEBNS' UN DERCLOTHING of their own manufacture all of which they will SELL at BONA-FIDE MANUFACTURERS' PRICES ALL ARE INVITED to CALL and INSPECT, no one importuned to BUY. LADIES' TROUSSEAU A SPECIALITY. JOHN WILSON & SON, (BELFAST), LTD 76, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. HOWNSRIRE HOUSE, BELFAST. 105, HOPE STREET, GLAsGow, 63, NEW STREET, BIRMLNGHAM. HIRAYVILLE FACTORY, BALLYMFRE.

D" sonrs pus The Safest Medicine. Mild bu Effectual. DR. scorrs piLLS Contain the finest drugs that can be procured. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Sick Headaches and Nervous Depression. DR. scoirs pus Cure Indigestion and Restore the Appetite. )R. scorrs pus Strengthen and invigorate the whole Nervous System. D" SCOTT'S pus The best Family Aperient Medicine and Blood Purifier. D scorrs pILLS Are Prepared only by W. LAMBERT, 173, SIIYMOUR- PLACE, London, W. Do not be persuaded by anyone to buy any other medicine instead, but insist on having the right thing, which is wrapped la a square green package.

Ebe "eyamintr " g3vrito OF LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. Comprises THE Warrington and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub. lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. TRE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Satur- day morning, and TIRE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning. P REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENIPS WANTED DOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO RE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS BALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT One Three Six Words, Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Ocl, 27 Os. 9d. ... is. lad. ~, 35, od. 36 ls. Oel. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 ls. 3d. ... 3s. iii. ,„ set. 04, 64 is. 65. ... 3s. 85. 6s. Od. The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No advertise? ment inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1896.—£388,952.800. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. F. R.Pickrnere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Rdward W. Woods, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket- street Messrs. Voisey and Worthington,2l King-street Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a Letter can ba posted with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenny Stamp. 1 a.m.—Newton-le-Willows 2-15 a.m.—Wigan 4-0 a.m.—Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodshans, Helsby, Daresbury,and Moore 5-30 a.m.—Lyinm, Thelwall. Newchurch 5-45 a.m.—Bewsey, Orappenhall, Heatley Heath, Croft, Pad. gate, Stockton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Wools- tort 6-15 a.m.—For Town Delivery and Latchford 9-0 a.m.—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, Northumberland, Durham, and S.E. Lancashire. 9-30 a.m.—London, Southern and South-Western Counties, Central, South Wales, and Foreign, and St. Helens 9-45 a.m.—Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, ad the Isle of Ma 10-10 a.m,—Manchester, Bolton, Oldham, North Wales and Ireland. 11-10 a.m.—Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-W. England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, Runcorn, and Yorkshire 11-30 a.m.—Manchester, South-East Lancashire, South Wales, South West of England, Yorkshire, Durham, Nor humberland, and Town Delivery 11-30 a.m.—London, S.-Ea tern. Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid-Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign 1-25 p.m.—Chester. Wrexham. • Llandudno, Shrewsbury North Wales, London and South 1-40 p.m.—Liverpool, Southport, Orrnskirk, Bath, Bristol. Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, Yorkshire, Manchester 8 East Lancashire, and Scotland 2-0 p.m. Preston, N. Lancashire, West Cumbsrland, Wiga n Bolton 2-15 p.m. —Preston Brook, Sutton 2-30 p.m —Liverpool, Southport, Birkenhead, Northwhich Nantwich and Sancbach 2-45 p.m.—Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, Moore, Runcorn, and Newchurch, Newton-le- Willows, Manchester 3 Olp.m.—Town Delivery, Sankey Bridge, Latchford,Padgate and Bewsey 3-15 p.m.—Lymm, Thelwall, Heatley 3-45 p.m.—St. Helens 4-0 p.m.—Manchester 5 p.m.—Liverpool and Chester 5-45 p.m.—Manchester Peterborough, East Lincolnshire, Wigan, Preston, N.-E. Lancashire, and West Cumber- land 5-45 p.m.—Saturdays only. Queenstown and the U.S.America 6-15 paw.— Town Delivery 9-3 J p.m.—Preston, West Cumberland Li rerpool,Birkenhead, Orskirk. Isle of Man, and Scotland 10.30 p.m —Night Mail Despatch. All Parts-10-45, extra Halfpenny Stamp 11-15 p.m.—London, Midlands, South Eastern and South Counties, and Foreign Letters and parcels are delivered in town at 7 a.m., 12 noon, 3-45 p.m. and 6-45 p.m. except on Thursdlys when the 3-45 p.m;delivery is suspended. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE High-st., Newton POSTMASTER Mr.Jantes Jordan Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nce. tSundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5-40 p.m, The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15, 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Ordinary MAILS. Postage. 5-0 a.m. Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Go!borne, Lowton, & Winwick. 9-10 ~ All places south of Crewe. 9-55 „ Ireland and all parts West of Chester. 10-30 ~ Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day 11-10 ~ Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverkampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. 2-15 p.m. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Gelens, Southport, and South Wales ... 3-0 Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick 4-30 ~ Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... 6-30 Wigan. 8-0 ~ All Parts--General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. „ All Parts--General Night Mail. RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:—

TOWNIDELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm Manchester, S.-tiast Lancashire, Yorkshire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport, Prescot. Wigan, Orms- kirk With & Earlestown London, Foreiga, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, Nordi Lancashire, New- ton-le-Willows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland OlasgOw, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, liastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate, Weolston, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties ..

FOR ACHES AND PAINS. Rub In ilun. an's For Rheumatic Paint Lumbago, Sprains, Bruises, Fresh Cuts, Sore Throat from Cold, Chest Colds, Neuralgia from Cold, Stiffness from Severe Exercise

FOR ACHES AND PAINS Rub In Elliman's Bottles, M., Of, 2/9, 41- Jars—u/- and 22/- Prepared only by— ELLIMAN, SONS & CO., Slough, Eng.

ascacssi ' , 01r11-. ". t ylas CURES when all other Remedies fail

c.• ~.. •.." ‘. 4.-...,,,-..........r,v- s"."..••••• ' .?' Quaiity is the important requisite 1 which is placed first by the makers of Symington's Edinburgh Coffee Es- i 1 mice. Makes a cup in a moment.

IT ACTS LIKE MAGICi IN RELIEVINCALL:PAINAND,THROBBINCIAND:SOOKICURES The Worst Corns and Bunions It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on the osles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes, I'l. of all Chemists. M. BEETHAM & sop, Chemists, HELTENHAM.

WARNER'S szN.3el3l MT 3EL XI HAS NO EQUAL FOR LIVER TROUBLES, tLL s c•iv s, INDIGESTION. A Wife. SYRESHAM, BRACKLEV, NORTH HANTS. - For over ten years I suffered from ex• treme torpidity of the liver, and biliousness, causing indigestion and loss of appetite. Failing to get permanent relief from the various medicines and treatments tried. I was persuaded to try Warner's Safe Cure. I took it for about five months, and as a result fully recovered my former good health. which I have enjoyed ever since. It is now five years since my recovery, and I have suf- fered no relapse of the unpleasant symptoms." —(Mrs.) MARY ANN HART. A. Clergyma.vt. RUGBY, STRETTON • UNDER • FOSSE. Nothing suits me so well or does me so much good when suffering from nervousness, indigestion and general weakness, as Warner's Safe Cure."—(Rev.) C. G. SQUIRRELL. Price of Warner's Safe Cure, 219 & 4/6 per bottle, of Chemists ft Dealers.

t••••••••••••••••••••••••• •••••••••-••••••• 4. • • ALLCOCK'S POROUS PLASTERS Exoellent for • WEAK CHESTS, • cor,ris •Ss CCP Tit:la-IS. :Also Invaluable, In 1-11011,11 T 710X10T-TESIAE B. ALLCOCK'S are the only genuine, safe, and : reliable Porous Plaster made, so Insist on having ALLCOCK'S. Take no other.

.7. 4. . . . 1,

The Grand old Ron for Chot 131seastes. In use from the year 1826. . CON GREVEs ic E Li X I jg splendid medicine should be in every household. IN CASES OF On the appearance of tbe,First OUCH (RECENT) wn.,,TTAI°Iin,iIVMCIVdEtIvd ;174 0 or CHRONIC) in nineteen out of twenty Welk AND earn' it off before it becomes BRONCHIAL settled or merges into influenza. At the first suspicion of INFLU- ENZA take it.—as well as when the 'well-marked Symptoms AFFECTIONS vom ; Mice for the LUNGtitaN other TtLEr AllfrNeruSlSelthe Persevere with Mir mall- Of ala Ling disease. tine, and you can hardly Rive. F. E. REArs. of Derby. fall to get the Cough re- WriteS,'• It always puts my lung, right, and drove out the terrible lierter, and the bronchial INFLUENZA last May." ay/Niteroi: to disaMear. For HOARSENESS It IS In that very distressing disease. Invaluable and ToViga_ll7gaa to thee SpLENDID CONCREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR has been the means of wonderful relief, See the case of LADY G. FO THE VOICE BROMLEY (No. MILL in biz. Congreve's Book). ••••••••••—• Also as a PRF.TFETATIVI OF COLD to Speakers going out In all weathers. WARM AND COMFORTING AND VERY PLEASANT ~, taken on a small lump or two of sugar in the way of alesempe. CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR may be had of all Medicine Vendors in bottles at Is. lid., 23. it.., 4. 6d., and family .bottles &VIM and 220. •

14 -1:A E C - Al 1;4,49,. (vs-, vka. FOR ALL BILIOUS St NERVOUS DISORDERS/ sucn As SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXEs. In Boxes, 9131., Is. 11d., and 23. 9d. each, with full directions. The 1,. 11d. Box CO_ WO3 56 Pills, PREPARED ONLY BY TUE PROPRIETOR THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOITS—ECONOMICA..,-- CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES TIIP2 BREAM In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggi3tr, or from the Proprietors, for Is., post-paid.

most re- _ & cheap- ever publishea ,forte simplified, .-__.a.__....,... „..._ ..__......a......—a5--..a.--..a..._ _ '''''€"l-:;-": Ckl ' • ~. • t', :0;•::. I , . . - ~.,!!„, 0 -._ "';',,;, A ' - . ~,/ •,- - 100:41, ‘i ill' -.4,... t. \ MALT EXTRACT. H ' PALATABLE—NUTRITIOUS—DIGESTIBLE. As many persons are asking themselves and others, , What is ‘I3.C.L.' Malt Extract?"—it may be briefly described as a FOOD of the highest order of excellence for Nursing Mothers, Young Children, Invalids, and all i others who are weakly or suffer from dyspepsia. :,‘;,r., ..,,:,„ ••`- .. :1, 1 !Ili Ngild,. • !1, - untintscuti iiiif Ai:, ., -,,AltiarL4,2=r- yi 2lii D.C.L." MALT EXTRACT Is sold In Bottles, and specially prepared lever lid Tins, by Chemists, Grocers Ac., everywhere. Sole Manufacturers—The DISTILLERS Compy., Ltd., EDINBURGH, MAKERS OP THE CELEBRATED " D.C.L." YEAST. •

PURE IRISH LINEN!. IRISH IRISH LINEN sACAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS ''4) Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. IRISH LINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN 1 IRISH LINEN COLLARS. riIISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars 4/11 per dozep, ; made spec;al to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 49, 519, and 6/9 each. risa IRISH LINEN Neriuris, 2/6 and a/6 per dozen. DIN.NEII r&PKINS, 416 and 5/6 per dozen. - IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, Id. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, FOR SUM Al ER AND EVENING WEAR, IRISH LINEN IRISHTwEED, aall dr Su trye l \eV o orl .1 eaUsnessuaryp a ifs sfeard fLoardSi et sr et', ogrtGhenDtsu'rabWr"aitrY.2 IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/. CARRIAGE PAID. O. R. FIUTTON & CO. LARNE3IRELAND

• BW ESPIN.-rf"TlE'sUd'A L Plit S OR rLMAL. QUICTLY CORRECT ALL 1:111311011r4.11111151, 141:1101712 ALL onsrancrrons, and relieve SU didtragane -symptom no prevalent with the sex. Boxes, 3/8 (contains three times the quantity), of all Cltsts. Sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 84 stamps, by Z. T. TOWLE t Co., Mamufacturers, Dryden St., Nottingham. ' Betoore 0 imit • ~0010.1 and onortlde

. --.... , „ . STAIN 1/C, ,\, • G fl , , •,,A , STAINS THE -.. ~.....f, DOES NOT HAIR ' l**' BURN ANY SHADE .:r.....`, iihp k.k THE HAIR DESIRED. 4t...-..v..... .'ll LIKE A OYA These tiny Capsules relieve••-•,x • '. ''t, Ridney and Bladder trouble ~,44 „L'l'lf'lA . k tc.' ' ‘l.' ‘'l C kN TA t loropnalitatiy6l I;ep_vs are superior to tt' and cure in forty-eiggitegounrs ..,„'S,,'• ~ t, '',';'':' v ' ''" \D.4., '.''', ' vt• ~N 4. , ~„_, the same diseases without '''.;:c , ep 1,.... niconvenience. Rach Capsule ca ' k.._ li A -.. M I D:-.: v .., bears the name ' Midy ' Sold ''' by an Chemists. or post :free '6 No Toilet Table complete without " lIEBTORENE." 'l., from WILCOX a ' CO., .. "RESTO3ENE" HAIR STAIN • 83,PRortirr1er St London,tir. •. For Grey or Faded Hair. No Smel. Washable Nourishing and • Lasting. Price 1,6, or Post Free 11. "RESTOP.EITE." Th 3 Most Marvellous Discovery of th.t 19,h Century For Strengthening and Invigorating the HAIR. IILARID. and MOUSTALM.,.. SALDNIth n° cored -.n S su cet Ily 3by guise and systematic use of " RESTORENE." . • - Price i/6 & 26 f-ost ftee fro.n the Sole Proprietors; I THE a rtESTORENE" CO., 93a, Bartholomew Road. : London, NAV. • ~. •..

SCIIIERWATER AND j.j1..0Y1.) ARE OFFERING THE BEST VALUE IN THE cay IN JEWELLERY, DIAMOND GOODS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, SILVER Goo us, ELECTRO PLATE, AND WATCHES. OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS AND SIZES. SPECIAL AGENTS FOR THE FAMOUS WALTHAM WATCHES. ALL GOODS MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES, AND QUALITY GUARANTERD. 29, CHURCH STREET, , 1 LIVERPOOL.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER " OFFICE, WARRINGTON. CONCERT PROGRAMMES, TICKETS, BOOKS OF WORDS, FOSTERS, Ac. PROGRAMMES FoR SALES OF WORK, PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CON VERSAZIONE PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, Sr.c. PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, . PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS WINDOW BILLS A PLACARDS PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN. • GENERALPR IrING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch. PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING BOOKBINDING-, AND T ITHOGRAPHY! 1.4 “EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEwsEY STREET WARRINGTON, pAINSTAKIN G PRINTERS are now-a days sought for by business men who study rea economy in announcements which they *sh the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societiet, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets Ac. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES. BOOKS OF WORDS. WINDOW BILLS. PLACARDS. Ac.

FOR FIRST—CLASS PRIVATE DENTISTRY. TEETH. Appointments unnecessary, but may TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed beforehand the cost be worTEETH. Gold and otber,fillings at moderate charges. TEETH. An; M.D., also Lady Attendants, TEETH. Falniess Extorfac=oansi hjxtterto by the ald TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 10,000 'gallons weekly. Exors.lof the late J. H. PARKINSON (DENTIST BY ExArc) MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, (NAT. TEL. No. 1660), LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS, GteRGE-STREET, CARLESTOWN, on TL ESDAYS, at Mrs. Miura • WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, SINKBY-ST RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, BRIDGR-6T. ORTHWIC on FRIDAYS, IS, APPLIMAIIRBT-ST

MARRIAGES. HOLT—WnlTElELn—December 25th. at the Parlzh numb, Warrington, by the Rev. A. F. White, Mark Harold Holt to Edith Snowdrop Whit& hi. Surrn—Ginsox—Decernber 25'h, at t'e Parish Church, War- ringten, by the Its:. A. F. White, Joseph Smith to Maggie Gibson. KELLY—FOX—December 25th, at the Parish Church, War- rington, by the Rev. A. F. White, Michael Kelly to Grace Fox. REES—LITTLER—December 25th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. F. White, Charles Rees to Amy Littler. CROzIER—CuRLIFFE—December 25th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. F. White, Charles Thomas Crozier to Mary Ann DUnliffs. MALE—LrrnsoE—December 25th. at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rey. A. F. White, George Henry Male t's Sarah Ann Lythgoe. SRAW—HlGmeag—December 25th. at the Parish Church, Warrington. lsy the Rey. A. F. White, Frederick Shaw tO Mary Anniligham. DICEINSON—RoXINSOX—December 27th, at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, William Thomas Dickinson to Sarah Ann Robinson. BUCKLEY—BoELE—De-ember 27th, at the Parish Church. Warrington, by the Rey. G. B. Thurston, George Buckley to Esther Annie Boyle. DEATHS. HlLL.—December 215 t, at Marsh House Lane, Warrington, William 11111, aged 57 Tears. PRlDDEN.—December 25th, at Dalton Bank, Warrington. daae Pricklen, aged 20 years. ROWAN.—December 25th. at Bewsey Road, Warrington, Catherine Rowan, aged 29 years. HARDgAm.—December 25th, at Gladstone-st., WarringtOn, Alexander Hardman. aged 48 years. ANTWlS.—December 29th at Willis-et., Warrington, Gladys Antwis, aged 2 years. RICHARDSON.—Deeemher 27th. at Allen-st., Warrington, Thomas Richardson aged 58 years. POVEY.—December 27th, at Robsou-st., Warrington, Annie Ford Povey, aged 15 months. 31sansn.—December 28th, at Dudley-st., Warrington, Mary Edith Mather, aged 21 months.

FRIARS' GREER, WARRINLsTON (Opposite Arpley Station). S. T. v v vir ARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, &c., Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pieces, klonuments,Tombs, Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones in Granite, Marble, ancl Stone. Designs and Estimates Free. LETTER-CUTTING,. AND CLEANING EXISTING PIONUMENTS A SPECIALTY.
